event261-05 Chapter 4: A Glimpse of Sadness

Thinking of Arisa, Rimi ponders her future.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Rimi: Arisa-chan...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Arisa: Everyone was so happy for her, so excited to cheer her on. And I want to support what Rimi wants too.
Arisa: But when that time comes... Poppin'Party won’t be the same anymore...!
Kasumi & Rimi: ...
Arisa: No one else seemed to be thinking about that... I was the only one who worried about Poppin'Party...
Arisa: That really hurt...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rimi: ...Even though I knew this might happen...
Rimi: Maybe it really is impossible... to hold on to both Poppin'Party and this dream of studying abroad...
Rimi: If going abroad makes someone hurt like this, then maybe I shouldn’t...
???: ...Rimi?
Rimi: Huh...?
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Rimi: W-what are you doing here...?
Tae: I was walking past the park on my way home from work and saw you sitting on the bench.
Rimi: O-oh, um... I was heading home from cram school and just wanted a little time to think...
Tae: ...About Arisa?
Rimi: Yeah. I feel like I hurt her so badly...
Rimi: I should’ve thought it through more. How she’d feel hearing something like that out of the blue...
Rimi: I never wanted anyone to feel sad. But now, because of me...
Tae: Rimi...
Rimi: No... Maybe I should’ve thought more about studying abroad in the first place.
Rimi: All I’ve been thinking about is wanting to see more of the world... but I haven’t figured out anything concrete...
Rimi: I shouldn’t have said anything at all when I’m still this unsure.
Tae: That’s not true.
Rimi: Huh...?
Tae: You want to study abroad, right?
Tae: You must never say that your own feelings are wrong.
Rimi: But...
Tae: Nobody cannot decide what’s right or wrong for you.
Tae: That’s why you have to cherish the things that truly move your heart.
Tae: If it were Kasumi, I think she’d say something like this...
Tae: Sparkling, heart-pounding.
Rimi: ...!
Tae: You felt sparkling, heart-pounding when you thought about studying abroad, right?
Tae: I want you to hold on to that feeling, Rimi.
Tae: If you don’t believe in it now, you’re only going to regret it later.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Tae: I believe in that feeling of yours.
Tae: It’s the same kind of feeling that made me want to go to college— and want to become a studio musician.
Tae: It’s the sparkling, heart-pounding I found for myself...!
Rimi: ...Yeah. I want to treasure this feeling too.
Tae: Besides, you haven’t even talked with Arisa yet.
Tae: Now that you understand how she feels, you need to tell her how you feel.
Rimi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Rimi: Well... If I said I wanted to study abroad, what would everyone in Poppin'Party think?
Rimi: I mean... what if... we all ended up going our separate ways or something? That thought... really scares me.
Yuri: Rimi...
Yuri: I totally understand how you feel. When I first brought up studying abroad to my bandmates, I needed so much courage to say it... it felt like I used up a lifetime’s worth.
Yuri: At first, everyone was really surprised... But we talked it out, said everything we wanted to say, and kept at it until we all understood each other. And in the end, they told me, 'Go for it!'
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rimi: Just like O-Tae-chan said... there was something I needed to do before worrying all by myself.
Rimi: I want to apologize to Arisa-chan for hurting her... and I want to tell her how I really feel.
Rimi: That I love Poppin’Party, and I want her to believe in that.
Tae: Yeah. That’s the Rimi I know—staying true to what matters.
