event261-07 Ending: For Tomorrow

Having taken everyone’s feelings to heart, Arisa resets her mindset and moves forward with the festival preparations.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Rimi, O-Tae, can I talk to you for a second?
Rimi: What is it?
Arisa: I wanted to go over some stuff for the festival preparation.
Arisa: I made a list of what’s already been decided and what still needs to be...
Rimi: Wait, you put this all together yourself, Arisa?
Tae: Even though you’re already super busy with everything else...
Arisa: I just want to keep things moving. I put it all together last night after I got home.
Tae & Rimi: ...
Arisa: Huh? Why are you grinning like that?
Tae: I was just thinking how fired up you are, Arisa.
Arisa: It’s not about being fired up—I have to be!
Arisa: We’ve got the city office, the downtown, students—we’ve pulled in so many people!
Arisa: If this doesn’t go well, we’ll seriously lose face. We have to make it a success...!
Arisa: And... I think it’s going to be an important day.
Arisa: I want it to be a day Poppin’Party will never forget. Like, um...
Arisa: Ugh, whatever! It’s not like Rimi’s studying abroad tomorrow!
Arisa: Until then, we’ve got a ton of stuff to do as the five of us!
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Rimi: Yeah, I want that too.
Tae: Let’s make so many memories that when you go abroad, you won’t even know where to start telling the stories.
Arisa: Then start by looking at this list, all right? I’ve got a lot of things to discuss.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[RiNG - Entrance]

Kasumi: Phew~ That was a long shift~
Saya: Nice work. Though, we’ve still got one more push—we’re headed to the basement after this, remember?
Kasumi: Yup! We’ve gotta give it our all for the festival!
Kasumi: Arisa’s feeling better, and the festival’s coming up. I’m tired, but I feel like I can do this!
Saya: It’s great that you’re fired up, but don’t overdo it, okay?
Kasumi: I know~
Saya: ...
Saya: Hey, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Hm? What is it?
Saya: About Rimi-rin's studying abroad... The truth is, I was scared too.
Kasumi: Huh...? But you were supporting her so much...
Saya: When I saw Rimi-rin working so hard toward her dream, there was no way I could say I was scared.
Saya: I think that’s why Arisa couldn’t say anything either.
Kasumi: ...
Saya: I do want to support Rimi-rin’s dream, but... I kept wondering if we could really stay the same.
Saya: Because we’d be apart, and we wouldn’t be able to play in the band anymore.
Saya: Even if Rimi-rin came back, I wasn’t sure I’d be able to say, “Let’s start the band again.”
Saya: I couldn’t believe in a future where everything would still be okay after she left.
Saya: And not being able to believe in that made me really sad...
Kasumi: Saya...
Saya: But you know, thanks to you, Kasumi, I started to feel like maybe I could believe.
Kasumi: Because of me?
Saya: Yeah. Because you took the words I couldn't even believe in myself... and gave them back to me, even bigger.
Saya: You said we should become the five of us who go searching for sparkling, heart-pounding together.
Saya: And that you'd make it happen—you promised.
Saya: No matter how much I tried to picture a good future, it always felt vague and out of reach...
Saya: But if it's a promise with my friends... with Kasumi,  I feel like I can believe in it.
Kasumi: I see... I'm glad you're feeling better, Saya.
Kasumi: But when any of us are struggling, we're supposed to think through it together. Let me worry about it with you, too.
Saya: You're right. Sorry. I'll make sure to talk to you from now on.
Kasumi: You better!
Saya: Yeah, I promise.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: I used to think talking about the future was a little scary. But because of that promise... it doesn’t feel so scary anymore.
Saya: There’s so much sparkling, heart-pounding things waiting ahead...
Saya: And we, the five of us in Poppin’Party, will discover so many things together...
Saya: Let’s believe in that future.
(White cut)
(Background change)
