event261-02 Chapter 1: Focused on What Matters Now

Arisa tries to focus on the festival, but there's something she just can't get out of her head…

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Arisa's Room]

Arisa: Sigh...
Arisa: (This just isn’t working lately...)
Arisa: (I need to focus on the festival, but I can’t concentrate at all...)
Arisa: (That thought just keeps popping into my head...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Arisa: (Why... Why can everyone else act like it’s no big deal...?!)
Arisa: (If she goes abroad, we’ll be apart. Things won’t stay the same. Is everyone really okay with that...?!)
Arisa: Am I the only one who still wants things to stay the same with Poppin'Party...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Arisa: Ughhh, come on! This is not the time to be worrying about that!
Arisa: (Focus on the festival! Focus!)
Arisa: (Everyone’s giving it their all for the festival, Kasumi, Saya, O-Tae, even Rimi!)
Arisa: ...First, we need to make this festival a success. I’ll think about everything else after that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: ...I think that’s about everything you’ll need for the festival preparation.
Marina: I’ll ask around to find staff who can help out on the day.
Arisa: Thank you so much, Marina-san.
Arisa: Since we’ve only ever done live shows before, your advice really helped us out.
Marina: Haha, I’m glad I could be of help too.
Marina: And if anything else comes up, you’re always welcome to drop by. See you later.
Kasumi: As expected of Marina-san! She was such a huge help!
Arisa: We also got introduced to some vendors who offer student discounts.
Arisa: We should contact the vendors soon... And we still need to meet with the staff who’ll be helping.
Arisa: Oh, and the poster! What’s going on with that?
Kasumi: I’ve been working on it, but I just can’t seem to get it quite right~
Rimi: Designing posters like that is really tough...
Arisa: We probably still have time for that, but maybe we should all get together and brainstorm some ideas.
Arisa: Got it. I’ll add time to the schedule for poster planning too. Now then...
Tae & Rimi: ...
Rimi: You’re pretty lively today, Arisa-chan...
Tae: Yeah. But she still seems super busy. Maybe we’ve been relying on her too much.
Arisa: (Thanks to Marina-san, I’ve got a solution for the parts I was stuck on...)
Arisa: (At this rate, we should be able to finish all the preparation before the festival.)
Arisa: (Though there really isn’t much time left... No, I’ve gotta push through!)
Kasumi: Hey, hey, Arisa!
Arisa: Hm? What’s up?
Kasumi: Hey, Arisa, would you mind coming along to a store after this?
Arisa: I don’t mind... But is there something we’re missing for the festival?
Kasumi: It’s not that kind of store~ Just trust me, you’ll see!
Arisa: ...Huh? What are you up to?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Main Staircase]

Kasumi: Ta-da! This is the place I wanted us to visit together!
Arisa: Wait, this is... huh? A soft serve ice cream shop...?
Kasumi: This shop is Ririko-san's recommendation!
Saya: I came here with Kasumi before. Since it’s Ririko-san’s pick, it really was super tasty.
Rimi: Wow, there’s so many flavors. I have no idea which to choose.
Tae: I had no idea a shop like this existed.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: (We don’t have much time left until the festival...)
Arisa: (I should be working harder...)
Arisa: (Maybe I’m the only one who’s taking the festival this seriously...)
Kasumi: Which one are you getting, Arisa? A delicious soft serve icecream to lift you...
Arisa: ...I’ll pass.
Kasumi: What?!
Arisa: Right now, we’ve got so many people putting their time and effort into this festival for us.
Arisa: They’re working hard even though we’re on a tight schedule... Doesn’t it feel wrong for us to be here?
Arisa: I get that you want to do something fun. I understand that feeling.
Arisa: But right now isn’t the time for fun. We need to face what’s right in front of us...
Saya: Wait, this isn’t just about having fun...
Arisa: I thought we were all on the same page, but maybe that was just me.
Kasumi: Huh...?
Arisa: It was the same when we talked about our futures the other day. It didn’t feel like anyone was really taking Rimi’s study abroad seriously.
Saya: ...
Arisa: Everyone was so happy for her, so excited to cheer her on. And I want to support what Rimi wants too.
Arisa: But when that time comes... Poppin'Party won’t be the same anymore...!
Kasumi & Rimi: ...
Arisa: No one else seemed to be thinking about that... I was the only one who worried about Poppin'Party...
Arisa: That really hurt...
Arisa: Sorry. I should get back. There’s still preparation to do for the festival.
Kasumi: Arisa...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
