event261-03 Chapter 2: Speechless

Concerned about Arisa, Kasumi decides to ask her directly what's going on.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Kasumi: Hey, um, Arisa...
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: About yesterday...
Classmate A: Ichigaya-saaan, do you have a second? I just wanted to check in about the stuff we’re organizing for the festival.
Arisa: Ah, yeah. I have a list for that. Let me find it...
Classmate B: Sorry, Ichigaya-san! I have something I want to ask you too~!
Arisa: Got it. Just wait a minute.
Kasumi: Arisa...
Saya: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Saya & Tae: ...
Tae: Arisa was feeling down because of Rimi’s study abroad plans...
Tae: Since we were all so focused on cheering her on, I didn’t notice.
Saya: ...She probably just couldn’t say anything.
Saya: We were all being so supportive, she must’ve felt like she couldn’t say something that might spoil the mood.
Tae: We made it hard for her to speak up...
Saya: ...
Tae: Kasumi seemed down after that, too. Do you know how she’s doing?
Saya: Things feel kind of awkward between her and Arisa...
Saya: They haven’t spoken a word to each other today...
Saya: She really wants to talk to Arisa properly, but she doesn’t know how to start the conversation.
Tae: That’s not like Kasumi at all...
Saya: Can’t blame her. She was trying to cheer Arisa up, but it ended up letting her down instead.
Tae: That was... all just a misunderstanding...
Saya: Yeah. But thinking “if I just end up hurting Arisa again...”, it’s hard to say anything at all.
Saya: I don’t even know what kind of words I should say to her...
Tae: Saya...
Saya: How’s Rimi-rin doing?
Tae: Not great. She’s been really down.
Tae: She’s blaming herself for hurting Arisa by bringing up the study abroad stuff...
Saya: Even though no one’s really at fault here...
Tae: Yeah...
Tae: Everyone’s changed a lot since we first met, but Rimi especially, right?
Tae: She used to be really shy, but little by little, as she kept trying new things, she became more confident.
Tae: So I always thought that one day, she’d take on something really big.
Tae: That’s why, when she found this dream of studying abroad, I thought it was amazing. Seeing her shine like that made me really happy too.
Saya: Yeah...
Tae: You feel the same way too, Saya?
Saya: Huh...?
Tae: I just thought that since you were cheering her on when she brought it up, you probably felt the same...
Saya: I...
Saya: I feel the same way. I want to support Rimi-rin’s dream...
Tae: ...? Saya?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: I said what I did without thinking... When Rimi-rin talked about studying abroad, what I felt... was something different.
Saya: I had a feeling I knew why Arisa was acting off...
Saya: It’s because I felt the same way...
Saya: I couldn’t believe everything would be fine with Poppin'Party, the way that Kasumi and you do.
Saya: If Rimi-rin goes abroad and we stop performing as a band... Can we really still be Poppin'Party like before...?
Saya: Even if she comes back... things probably won’t be the same anymore...
Saya: So I get why Arisa kept it all to herself.
Saya: I didn’t want to make a sad face when a friend shared their dream. But at the same time I couldn’t smile and support her from the heart, either.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
