event33-07 Ending: On the Express Bus

The girls have a day full of fun. They try to continue that fun with a conversation on the bus, but...

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Ako Udagawa)

[Inside The Bus]

Ako: Phew~... I'm beat! Today sure went by fast~!
Misaki: No kidding. We started skiing, and before I knew it, it was already time to go...
Hina: But it was totally worth it to see Maya-chan learn to ski!
Maya: Well, I still have a lot to learn, but... thanks to you all, I've gotten over the idea that I might be bad at it!
Hagumi: Really?!
Maya: Really! And I want to keep coming back while everything is still fresh in my mind so that I won't forget what I learned!
Hagumi: Alright, then let's do this again sometime, Maya-san!
Maya: Of course! I would love it if you taught me more about skiing and snowboarding and stuff!
Hagumi: Okay! I'll do my best to answer any and all questions!
Hina: Hey, Misaki-chan~.
Misaki: What's up?
Hina: It's pretty rare to see Maya-chan this excited about physical activity, you know.
Misaki: Oh? Really?
Ako: So Maya-san isn't like this with Pastel＊Palettes?
Hina: Well, she is, but... I guess she's a bit more of the brainy type.
Misaki: Brainy, huh...? I mean, yeah. I can see that.
Ako: How is everything in Pastel＊Palettes going anyways?
Hina: Everyone always has their own opinions, which keeps things interesting! And we're doing lots of shows, and we get to do so many things. So I'd say I'm having a lot of fun.
Misaki: Aya-senpai is your band leader, right?
Hina: Hmm... Maybe? She doesn't really seem like a leader though.
Ako: Ahaha, really? She's still really cute!
Hina: I think she's more interesting than she is cute!
Misaki: ... Now that I think about it, we don't really know much about each other's bands.
Hina: Hmm... I get the feeling Roselia is exactly as I picture it.
Misaki: Really? What do you think Roselia is like?
Hina: I got the feeling they were really stressed out in the beginning, but lately, that doesn't seem to be the case. That's the impression I get watching my sister, anyway.
Ako: Our practices are pretty tough, but we're not stressed at all!
Misaki: Ah, so your practices really are strict...
Ako: Yup! How else are we going to be the best band in the world?!
Misaki: Whoa... What an ambitious bunch...
Hina: Oh, hey! What's Sis like when she's with Roselia?
Ako: Sayo-san always plays perfectly! She pretty much never makes a mistake, almost like a teacher!
Ako: But lately, it's like she's gotten even cooler somehow! Like, she still plays perfectly, but there's something more now...
Hina: Wow~! I see!
Misaki: Sayo-senpai does have a really serious air about her. Is she like that at home too?
Hina: No, she's not... Well, sometimes she can be a bit strict, but she's always super nice!
Misaki: Huh... I can't even imagine... Oh, wait. That's rude, isn't it...?
Ako: What's Hello, Happy World! like?
Misaki: Well, we have a lot of troublemakers, so... it's mostly just me and Kanon-san being dragged along.
Hina: Yeah, everyone in Hello, Happy World! seems super interesting. Like a topsy-turvy bunch!
Misaki: What the heck is that supposed to mean...? Oh, but today, Hagumi was a little different than how she usually is.
Ako: Oh? What do you mean?
Misaki: Hagumi's the type that speaks with actions, not words, right? But today, when she was teaching Yamato-san to ski, she really pushed herself.
Misaki: It looked like she really wanted to make sure Yamato-san understood what she was saying...
Hina: Yeah? I think it worked. Maya-chan was able to ski pretty well after Hagumi-chan showed her how.
Misaki: Maybe I only noticed because we're together so often, being in the same band and all, but I felt like she was a bit more mature than usual... Something like that.
Ako: Oh~, did you hear that, Hagumi? Misaki's really praising you over here~♪
Misaki: H-hey! I am not...
Hagumi: ...
Misaki: ... Hagumi?
Hagumi: ...
Ako: ... She's asleep?
Maya: ... Mmm...
Hina: Ah, Maya-chan's asleep too.
Misaki: Looks like trying new things really tired these two out.
Hina: Perfect! Why don't we take this chance to doodle all over their faces?
Ako: Great idea, Hina-chin! I'm gonna draw something super cool!
Misaki: No no no, let's just leave them be. Okay?
Ako & Hina: Aww~...
Misaki: ... Good work today, you two.
(Black cut)
