event21-04 Chapter 3: Sisters

Sayo and Tomoe run into each other by chance. They talk about the relationship between sisters from the perspective of an older sister.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Next Day]

[Riverside]

Sayo: (... Another subpar performance at rehearsal won't be excused. That's why I came early to do solo practice, but...)
Sayo: ...
Tomoe: Oh... Sayo-san?
Sayo: ... Udagawa-san?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... Uh-uhm, thanks for always looking after Ako.
Sayo: N-no problem...
Tomoe: (Oh man... I called out to her because of what Ako told me yesterday, but... what in the world do I say to get the conversation going...?!)
Sayo: Udagawa-san... Actually, Tomoe-san. Did Ako-san tell you about my situation?
Tomoe: Huh...?
Sayo: I can't think of any other reason why you would suddenly approach me... She told you about how I wasn't playing well, didn't she?
Tomoe: Ah-ahhaha... Well, something like that... Ako's been worried. And after hearing everything from her, I couldn't just stay quiet...
Sayo: Tomoe-san, thank you for your concern... I wonder if that's another reason why Ako-san aspires to be like you.
Tomoe: What...?
Sayo: ... Ako-san would spend an eternity trying to be like you, right?
Tomoe: Ahaha... I guess. Sure seems that way.
Sayo: Have you... never felt like it was a burden? Always being told she looks up to you, always being followed around...
Tomoe: I... am genuinely happy that Ako admires me. But I've also had times when I thought Ako is actually better than me at the drums.
Tomoe: Still... She looks up to me, so I wanna consider her feelings, and I don't wanna let her down.
Tomoe: After all... She is my one and only little sister.
Sayo: ...!
Tomoe: ... Uhh, I was acting a little too cool there, wasn't I? And you're the older one here. My bad...
Sayo: You're quite mature, Tomoe-san. I can't deal with my sister's expectations in the same way.
Tomoe: You know, there's a lot of pressure on me too. There are times when Ako makes it sound like I'm an all-knowing and all-powerful god.
Tomoe: I'm not exactly sure what you're dealing with, nor do I have the right to get in your business...
Tomoe: ... But I hope you feel better soon, so I'll be rooting for you.
Sayo: Tomoe-san...
Tomoe: Sorry, I know this was kinda sudden. Alright, I have to get to rehearsal.
Sayo: One and only... sister...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Yukina: Sayo...! You're here pretty early.
Sayo: ...Yeah. I thought I'd make up for the other day... But... I can't find it.
Yukina: Sayo...?
Sayo: I can't find... my sound...
(Black cut)
Yukina: I see... So that's why things have been off for you lately.
Sayo: The only thing that let me believe in myself was the fact that I didn't want Hina to be better than me. But because of that, my sound has become nothing... Nothing but lifeless.
Sayo: I've... I've been using both Hina and music, simply as a tool to allow me to believe in myself and nothing more... I'm awful, aren't I?
Yukina: ... Well, the same goes for me. I created Roselia for my father and dragged you guys into it... I hated that part of me. I still feel disgusted at myself sometimes.
Yukina: And there have been times when I worried that my circumstances didn't allow for me to sing certain songs.
Yukina: However... Someone was nice enough to tell me that it is because I'm genuine about music that I can think about it seriously and in that way.
Yukina: Sayo, your playing is precise. It's outstanding. That is, without question, something you should be proud of.
Sayo: ... But that kind of sound... Precision is the only thing it has...
Yukina: I'm still inexperienced, and I still can't truly say from the bottom of my heart that I love music, so I can understand if you don't agree with me. I also understand your pain.
Yukina: But I want you to realize that not running and facing that pain head-on is the most important thing of all, and it's very valuable.
Sayo: Facing it head-on...
Yukina: ... You don't have to take part in rehearsal today. But it's not that I'm giving up on you. I believe... that you will come up with an answer, and you will return.
Yukina: ... Sayo. Sure seems hard having a little sister who admires you so much.
Sayo: Minato-san...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tomoe: Still... She looks up to me, so I want to consider her feelings, and I don't want to let her down.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Sayo: (The thing I shouldn't be running from and facing head-on is...)
