event21-06 Chapter 5: A Promise

Sayo decides to face Hina head-on, as an older sister and as a guitarist.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence]

Hina: ...
Sayo: ... I apologize for earlier.
Hina: N-no need! Are you okay now, Sis?
Sayo: ...
Sayo: ... The time has come for me to look you in the eye and be honest.
Hina: Huh? What do you mean...?
Sayo: My feelings toward you have always been complicated... I've had a complex, and I didn't want to be compared to you. That's why I started doing something you weren't—guitar.
Sayo: But you followed right behind me and started playing as well... And within no time you surpassed me...
Hina: Sis, that's not true...!
Sayo: It's fine, Hina. Even you should have realized it by now... Realized that you're better than...
Sayo: ...
Hina: Sis...! Stop, you don't have to-
Sayo: No, I do. I do have to... If I don't say it, I'll... I'll never be able to change...!
Sayo: ... I was afraid to hear you play because I knew my inferiority complex... and my hate toward you would grow stronger.
Sayo: ... You remember going to the Star Festival a while ago?
Hina: Mhm, I do.
Sayo: This is what I wrote on my tanzaku that day: "I wish Hina and I could be open and honest with each other"...
Hina: ...!
Sayo: There's no relying on the stars to grant that wish. Only I can make it come true... I was aware of that fact when I wrote it. That's why I tried to make time for us to be together...
Sayo: I thought by doing that, I could make my wish come true... However, I continued to avoid hearing you perform.
Sayo: Then, after so much time, I heard you play... I could sense the appeal of your sound... The kind of appeal that's not obsessed with or constrained by skill...
Sayo: The sound said, "I'm enjoying the music"... That's something I lack. I refined my technical skill so I could be evaluated in a way that's completely objective. All so you wouldn't best me...
Sayo: But my sound is... at best, a refined, lifeless sound... That's what I felt. That much is clear.
Sayo: Don't let Hina be better than you... With that as the sole reason for learning the guitar, of course that kind of playing would be the result.
Sayo: I can't... I just can't take it anymore. Any of it. I'm sick of myself, continuing to perform like this, drifting farther and farther away from the wish I wrote that day, everything... Everything!
Hina: Sis, you... You lied to me!!
Sayo: Huh...?
Hina: Sis, you remember the promise you made? That we motivate each other to play guitar, so we wouldn't quit without the other's permission?!
Hina: That made me so happy! How could you...?!
Hina: I love the sound of your guitar! It's way, way more boppin'... I mean... It's a lot more fun than it was before. Do you realize that?
Hina: I've never thought of your sound as lifeless or anything like that! It's because of your playing that I started learning the guitar!
Sayo: Hina...!
Hina: I've caused you so much pain without even realizing it, haven't I? Sis, I'm really sorry... But... I don't want you to quit playing the guitar.
Hina: It doesn't matter what it takes! If you're suffering from something, you can blame it on me. That's fine if it means you'll keep on playing.
Hina: I wanted us to be close like we were a long time ago, but... if I'm hurting you by trying to do that, then...
Hina: ... Never mind. You can hate me all you want...
Hina: And... If you're gonna quit guitar like this... If you're gonna be the type of sister who breaks her promise... Then I... Then I hate you too!!
Sayo: ...!
Hina: ...
Sayo: Despite the fact... that you always surpass me, you stop and you wait for me...
Sayo: At times, you were even kind enough to hold the umbrella that protected me from the downpour of suffering... At some point, I started taking advantage of that kindness.
Sayo: But... you're right. The promise we made... The wish I wrote on that tanzaku...
Sayo: I can't turn my back on those things...
Hina: ...!
Sayo: I'm not the type of person who deals well with you always outperforming me. However... One day...
Sayo: I'll be able to walk by your side... And that's why I'll continue producing that lifeless sound with the strings of my guitar.
Sayo: And eventually... I hope I can feel pride in the sound I create.
Hina: Sis...!
Sayo: You've gone ahead of me, once again... Thank you, Hina.
Sayo: I'll be sure to make my way to where you are, so please, wait for me a little while longer.
Hina: Mhm... Mhm...! It's a promise, Sis!
