band1-039 Chapter 4: Overcoming Distance

Poppin'Party joins the festival meeting. While there, Kasumi makes a suggestion.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Rocking Star Festival - Meeting Room]

Marina: Come on in. This is where the meeting will be taking place.
Kasumi: Hello, everybody~! I'm Poppin'Party's Kasumi Toyama, and we'll be representing CiRCLE!
Arisa: J-jeez... You're really something... Do you even know what scared means?
Kasumi: Huh...? What do you mean...?
Arisa: I gotta explain from there, huh...?
Tae: Ah! It's the person who helped us out during the Girls Band Challenge, the one from the live house!
Kasumi: Oh yeah! Let's go say hi, O-Tae!
Kasumi: Thank you so much for everything last time~! We were able to perform at the Budokan because of your help!
Saya: Kasumi can be pretty amazing in situations like these, don't you think~?
Rimi: It's one of her strengths for sure, fufufu.
Arisa: Hey, people are starting to gather around her and O-Tae...
Live House Staff: Wow, it's the real Kasumi-chan. I know we've never met, but I feel like I already know you because I saw you at the Girls Band Challenge~.
Kasumi: Oh! You saw us? Thank you!
Live House Staff: You girls also put on an amazing show at the Budokan~. What was it like performing there?
Kasumi: It was awesome! It's hard to describe, but it was kind of like the atmosphere itself turned into this huge force or something. I could feel that force being directed at us!
Tae: It was like feeling the audience's excitement directly.
Kasumi: Yeah, that!
Live House Staff: I was so moved at the end, I almost cried. It would be nice if you guys could come to our live house. I've heard quite a few people say they like you.
Kasumi: We'd love to! Where is it?
Live House Staff: Uh, we're in Kansai. Ahahaha...
Kasumi: Kansai?! Okay, we'll go for sure!
Arisa: Hey! Don't just go making promises without thinking things through!
Kasumi: But aren't you happy to hear there are people in Kansai who like us? We gotta do something for them!
Live House Staff: You'd be surprised how many people over there were paying attention to the Girls Band Challenge. I know a few who even voted for you after seeing your music video.
Kasumi: I'm so touched...! Isn't that amazing?!
Rimi: My friends in Kansai and my sister also said they saw it.
Saya: Well, when you think about it, that's basically what it means to upload a video to the internet.
Kasumi: Excuse me! Could you let everyone who supports us know that we'll be going to Kansai for sure to perform?
Tae: Takoyaki, takoyaki~♪
Live House Staff: Ahaha, I bet they'd love to have you guys. It really would be nice if you came.
Saya: Don't worry, Kasumi never says anything just to be polite. If she says we'll do it, you can be sure we will. I hope you know what you're getting into, fufufu.
Kasumi: And just think about it! People are doing live concerts online now! Distance doesn't mean anything when it's online!
Arisa: Hm? Looks like someone else just came in...
Arisa: ...?!
Tae: That's...
Kasumi: Don't you think it's pretty amazing?! We've got people in Kansai who support us!
Kasumi: I'm kind of moved~.
Arisa: H-hey... Kasumi...
Kasumi: When do you think we should go do the concert? Ah, why don't we go on a nationwide tour while we're at it? Ahahaha.
???: Ahem... It seems a rather boisterous one has snuck in.
Kasumi: ... Huh?! This voice...
Kasumi & Tae: Owner?!
Owner: Why are you all looking like you've just seen a ghost?
Marina: She's helping us with the festival as a special advisor, just like she did with the Girls Band Challenge.
Kasumi: H-hello... it's been a while!
Owner: ...
Kasumi: U-ummm...
Owner: How long do you intend to just stand around there? You're getting in the way of the meeting.
Kasumi: Ah! I-I'm sorry!
Marina: Okay, I would like to begin the meeting now. Our goal is to make the festival even better, so I hope I can count on all of you to provide input. Let's begin.
Poppin'Party: Okay!
(Black cut)
Marina: Very well, we will proceed with proposal A. Let's see, what else is there...?
Arisa: Uh, this is a real meeting... Aren't we kinda out of place?
Rimi: You can tell how eager everyone is to improve the festival...
Marina: Does anyone have any other ideas? I want as many people as possible to enjoy the festival, so I would appreciate any suggestions.
Kasumi: As many people as possible... Ah, I know!
Kasumi: I've got an idea!
Arisa, Rimi & Saya: ... Huh?
Arisa: H-hey, Kasumi... What's gotten into you...?! You should just keep your mouth shut...
Marina: Kasumi-chan? Do you have a suggestion?
Kasumi: Um, I think we should stream the concert for the people who won't be able to come to the venue!
Kasumi: I think it will let a lot more people enjoy the festival.
Kasumi: Don't you think this is a great idea?! We might as well even make it possible for people overseas to view it!
Marina: ...
Owner: There will be no livestreaming.
Kasumi: Huh? Why not?
Owner: Are there any other ideas? If not, this meeting is adjourned for the day.
Kasumi: Wait, why?! Please tell me why you're against the idea!
Owner: If you want to know why...
Owner: Figure it out yourself.
