band1-043 Chapter 8: Another Audition

The girls decide to live stream a performance for the owner to watch. What will she say after seeing their show?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Studio / Owner's Room]

Kasumi: Owner, please listen to our performance! We'll do our best!
Kasumi: Do you think you could consider streaming the festival if we put on a good show?
Owner: Only if you put on a good show.
Tae: The sound quality might not be that great since this is a video call.
Owner: You don't need to tell me that. That's not what I'm looking for anyway.
Owner: I want to see if your music... and the energy of your live performance... can reach me. That's what I'll base my decision on.
Owner: If you can't do that, then you can forget about streaming the festival.
Kasumi: We'll make absolutely sure you can feel the energy!
Owner: I didn't come to hear you wag your tongue. Now, start playing.
Owner: I'll have you know I have no intention of subjecting the audience to some half-hearted performance while I'm the adviser.
Kasumi: Okay! We understand!
Owner: Fufu... This takes me back to the stage at SPACE... Alright, let me hear your music.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: What did you think...?
Owner: ...
Owner: Let me ask you one thing. What did you do differently from your usual performances?
Kasumi: Um, we paid attention to how we'd appear on camera!
Owner: ...
Kasumi: We tried different formations and camera positions during practice so that we could give anyone watching the best viewing experience!
Kasumi: All of us agreed we should be doing something we can only do because we're doing it online! That's why we put in a lot of thought!
Kasumi: What did you think? Did you feel the energy?
Owner: If this is the best you can do... I'm afraid I can't give my approval.
Saya: Huh? could you tell us why...? What did we do wrong?
Owner: I'll be frank with you. Compared to that time at SPACE, the level of your performance has indeed improved.
Owner: But that's it.
Poppin'Party: ...
Owner: The energy, the atmosphere, the sound, the excitement, the lingering sensation after a show... None of those things I expect from a live performance were there.
Owner: All you did was sing and play your instruments on the other side of the screen.
Owner: What you did was no live performance.
Owner: At least in my book.
Kasumi: ...
Kasumi: ... I think that's because this was our first time, and we didn't have a good feel for how we should do things!
Kasumi: I'm sure we can do better! We'll start practicing right after this!
Kasumi: Please give us another chance tomorrow!
Owner: ...
Kasumi: If tomorrow doesn't work out, then we'll try again the day after! As long as there's a chance, we don't want to give up! Please!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Please!
Owner: ... Sigh.
Owner: I know full well how stubborn you girls can be from the time you auditioned at SPACE.
Kasumi: D-does that mean...?
Owner: One week... But not a day longer. Delaying any further will interfere with everyone's schedules.
Kasumi: Th-thank you so much!
Owner: Tsukishima, you're there, aren't you?
Marina: Ah, yes... Was it that obvious...?
Owner: You expected me not to notice after heavily modifying the sound with a PA system?
Owner: ... Try increasing the acoustic pressure tomorrow.
Marina: Th-the acoustic pressure...?! Okay!
Owner: That's all I have to say.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Arisa: I didn't expect her to rip into us that hard...
Saya: We did get wrecked... I'm getting flashbacks of our audition at SPACE...
Tae: Yeah, but I think the owner is hoping we'll be able to deliver. She wouldn't have said what she did to Marina-san otherwise.
Marina: Mmhmm, I got the same impression. I think she's also trying to find a way of doing concerts online that works.
Arisa: Kasumi... Don't let it get to you too much, alright...?
Kasumi: I was hoping we would've done better... I think I finally understand the difficulties the owner was talking about.
Rimi: Yes, I feel the same way. It wasn't anything like my video calls with my sister.
Tae: It was hard to tell who we were supposed to direct our feelings towards, huh?
Saya: Nothing really clicked...
Kasumi: Sigh~...
Arisa: Hey, at least we learned how difficult it is. That's a pretty big step forward, don't you think?
Arisa: Now we just gotta figure out a solution to the problem!
Arisa: Compared to not even knowing what the problem was, we've made progress!
Arisa: All that remains is to put our heads together to find an answer that'll get us a perfect score. After all, no matter how difficult, every problem has an solution.
Kasumi: Arisa...
Kasumi: I... I think you're right... Yeah! Definitely!
Tae: You just sounded like Kasumi, Arisa...
Arisa: Huh?! I-I sounded nothing like her~!
Tae: But you've shown us what we need to do.
Tae: It's just like the last Rocking Star Festival.
Tae: Only this time, it's the owner on the other side of a screen. We just have to use our music to make her take another look at us.
Tae: Let's give her goosebumps.
