band1-041 Chapter 6: Searching for an Answer

The girls contemplate the owner's words, and they realize something.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Arisa: There was no countering her argument... huh...?
Saya: Yeah, it was obvious she's thought about it far more than us...
Marina: I see... So that's what you talked about...
Kasumi: The resolve to perform for people you can't see...
Rimi: It's probably very difficult...
Tae: I think the owner is someone who's always serious when it comes to concerts, no matter what kind.
Arisa: Yeah, you're probably right.
Marina: This actually isn't the first time the idea's come up. It was brought up during our first meeting.
Poppin'Party: Really?!
Marina: The people from afar were especially eager to do it, but nobody could find a way to counter the owner's argument...
Saya: Oh, so that's why the mood became so heavy during the meeting.
Marina: Mm-hmm... Now you know why...
Kasumi: What about you, Marina-san?! What do you think?!
Marina: I... want to do it, if we can. I think it'll make for a more exciting festival, after all.
Kasumi: I know, right?
Marina: But I can also see the owner's viewpoint.
Marina: If we do a half-baked livestream concert, it'll be rude to the audience and viewers, and it might have a negative effect on the performing bands.
Arisa: True... It's still a new way of doing things, so there are probably still a lot of problems we don't know about.
Kasumi: Hm~, I thought it was a pretty good idea~...
Arisa: Hey, I actually think your idea's pretty alright.
Kasumi: Huh? You do?! Then you should've helped me out~!
Arisa: You spoke so suddenly, it caught me off guard. I still needed, you know, time to mentally prepare...
Rimi: I'm sorry too, Kasumi-chan...
Rimi: You made the suggestion because you were thinking of my sister, didn't you...?
Rimi: But I couldn't speak up and say I agreed with you...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...
Marina: If you're apologizing for not speaking up, then we owe you an apology as the organizers. We want to do it too, but we still haven't found a way to convince the owner.
Tae: It's just a hunch, but I think she feels the same way.
Kasumi: ... Hm? What do you mean?
Tae: Think about it. She said we could contact her if we're still dissatisfied.
Tae: Doesn't that sound to you like it's because she wants to find a solution too?
Saya: You're right... Knowing her, if she really was against it, she probably would've said, "We have nothing more to talk about."
Kasumi: No way! The owner isn't that nice! I bet she would've said, "You're the one who gets it the least. Don't ever bother me again!"
Arisa: Taking things a bit personally there, aren't you...?
Kasumi: But it also means we'll get to perform online if we can figure out a solution, doesn't it?!
Arisa: It's not that easy... This isn't like finding the answer for a quiz.
Arisa: You want us to find a solution for a problem the owner can't solve. How do you expect us to-
Saya: I kinda want to do this.
Arisa: ... Huh?
Rimi: Saya-chan?
Saya: I feel the same way as Kasumi. I want the people who can't come to the venue to see us perform.
Saya: I think we've been able to grow so much because of all the help we've had from others.
Saya: And I don't just mean from people we're connected to through music. I mean our friends at school, the people downtown, our music video's viewers... Countless people...
Saya: I know not all of them are going to be able to come to the venue.
Saya: But I want to show them how far we've come, and I want them to experience the joy of a live performance!
Saya: I want them to hear our music!
(White cut)
Saya: Let's do it! Let's do an online concert that conveys our feelings just like we do when we're live!
Kasumi: Saya! That's it! That's what I've been trying to say! We should totally have Jun-jun and Sanan watch us too!
Saya: That'd be great since they're too young to go to a festival yet♪
Marina: Fufufu. You were just like Kasumi-chan, Saya-chan.
Arisa: Don't you think you let her rub off on you a little too much?
Saya: Hey, part of what's great about Poppin'Party is how we can jump in head first, isn't it?
Saya: And I'm a pretty greedy person, after all. Fufufu.
Kasumi: Saya~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Marina: Alright! Since you girls are all fired up, I think I need to get my act together too! I'll help you in any way I can!
Marina: Let's do this!
Tae: Even you're becoming like Kasumi, Marina-san...
Marina: Part of what's great about Poppin'Party is how you can lift the spirits of everyone around you, after all♪ Fufufu...
Kasumi: Marina-san~! I love you~!
Kasumi: Let's find a way to do a concert that conveys our feelings to the tons of people we can't see!
