band1-044 Chapter 9: We'll Try Again and Again!

The girls aim to give a performance that moves the owner. But her answer doesn't change.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Give the owner goosebumps, huh...? The question's how...
Rimi: Hey, look at this. Marina-san recorded our performance from yesterday.
Kasumi: Did you notice anything?
Rimi: We don't look like we were enjoying playing music... I think we were too preoccupied with how we would look on camera.
Arisa: Huh, I think you're onto something... It looks like we're just going through the motions. Just look at how stiff our expressions are...
Tae: Nobody would be excited by this...
Saya: If we're going to get the owner's approval, we need to work on more than just how our performance looks. What she wants is probably something deeper.
Arisa: ... Yeah.
Kasumi: Hm~. Alright, why don't we...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio / Owner's Room]

Owner: Not good enough.
Owner: How was that performance different from yesterday?
Kasumi: Last time, we were so preoccupied with the camera that we couldn't put as much emotion into our music!
Kasumi: That's why we decided to forget about it today and focus on our feelings!
Owner: I'm sorry to say I didn't feel a thing.
Rimi: You didn't?! May I ask what we did wrong?
Owner: Nothing has changed. I still didn't feel the energy of a live performance.
Tae: The energy of a live performance...
Arisa: How are we supposed to convey that...?
Owner: Giving up?
Kasumi: Of course not! Please listen to us again tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Arisa, I want the part before the chorus to linger a bit more. Do you think you could express the emotional tone of that section more gently?
Arisa: Alright, I'll see what I can do. Lemme know if you notice anything you'd like changed, Saya.
Saya: Don't worry. I haven't held back since day one.
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan! I made some adjustments to the bridge, so do you think you could try playing with these changes?
Kasumi: Sure! You just came up with them right now?!
Rimi: I had this image, so I tried putting it all together. There might be a need for further adjustments, though.
Kasumi: Okay, I'll give it a shot! Uh... First, I go like this... and then-
Kasumi: Ow!
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan?! Are you okay?
Kasumi: Yeah...! I'm fine, it's no big deal...!
Arisa: Hey... you should take a break...
Kasumi: It's alright! We can't afford to stop right now! We have to keep trying!
Arisa: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi: Hey, Aa-chan, could you put some bandages here?
Asuka: Wh-what's with all the scratches...? Are you okay? Can you even play the guitar like that?
Kasumi: Yeah, I can manage... Tomorrow's the final day of the week we were given, so I just have to tough it out until then!
Asuka: Well, you have been practicing at Arisa-san's place this whole week. Doing a livestreamed performance sounds really challenging...
Asuka: I sometimes look at concert clips on video-sharing sites, and I find them plenty moving.
Asuka: Ah, you know, the same goes for concert CDs too. I like how those can make you feel like you're there.
Kasumi: Hey... thanks...
Asuka: What for?
Kasumi: For trying to give me ideas. That's what you're doing, right?
Asuka: N-not really...
Kasumi: ... You've grown so much.
Kasumi: You always used to follow me around... Like that time I heard the beating of the stars! Remember?
Asuka: That story again? You always bring it up.
Kasumi: Hey~, you don't mind when I bring it up, right~?
Kasumi: I was just thinking about how instead of following me, you're now beside me and trying to give me advice.
Asuka: Well, yeah. That's what it means to grow up, and growing means changing.
Kasumi: Growing means changing, huh...? Do you think that means concerts are going to keep changing?
Asuka: I don't know about that... Anyway, I'm going to bed.
Kasumi: Already~? Ah, one last thing before you go then!
Kasumi: ... Let's see who's taller.
Asuka: Huh? I don't want to. It's embarrassing.
Kasumi: C'mon, it's not~. Let's compare heights~.
Asuka: No way~. I'm going to my room.
Kasumi: Aw~, so you're really not going to~? Meanie~.
Asuka: Yeah, yeah...
Kasumi: Good night.
Asuka: Good night... Hey.
Asuka: You'll be fine. Everything will work out.
Kasumi: Huh?
Asuka: And if you do get to do the festival online, maybe I'll even watch you.
Kasumi: Hey~, if you're gonna watch, at least come to the venue~.
Asuka: But I'd rather watch since you're working so hard to make them put it online.
Kasumi: I see... That makes sense...
Asuka: Fufufu... Good luck.
Kasumi: Mmhmm... Thanks...
Kasumi: ... Tomorrow's our last chance... We have to do it no matter what...!
