band1-048 Chapter 13: Link ☆ Ring

The day before the Rocking Star Festival. Kasumi and the others take a look around the event area.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Day Before the Rocking Star Festival]

[Venue]

Kasumi: Marina-san! We've finished handing out flyers! Is there anything else you want us to do?
Marina: Phew~, thanks. You've all been a huge help~. I think we're good for now. Let's take a quick break.
Arisa: Thank goodness, we finally get a break... If you don't mind me saying so, that seemed like a lot of flyers.
Marina: I don't think it was that many. I'm actually not sure they'll be enough. You guys are famous, you know?
Kasumi: F-famous? C'mon, stop it~.
Live House Staff: Ah! Hi guys! Long time no see!
Kasumi: Hello!
Rimi: Oh, you're the person from the live house in Kansai, right...? We met during the last meeting!
Live House Staff: I'm flattered you remember me~! By the way, I saw how hard you guys have been trying! Thanks so much!
Kasumi: No, no! Thank you for your support!
Live House Staff: Your attempts had quite the effect on the people at our live house. We ended up having a lot of discussions about ways to make an online concert feel like a live one.
Kasumi: You did?
Live House Staff: After seeing you girls trying so hard, it was impossible not to be compelled to act. I think everyone here felt the same way.
Marina: Ah, why don't you go around and visit the other booths? I'm sure there are a lot of people who would like to say hi to you girls.
Kasumi: Aw~, you're making me blush~.
Tae: Let's go, Kasumi. I've been itching to see what the venue is like.
Saya: Fufufu, thank you, Marina-san!
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Saya: Everyone at the booths really did say hi, huh?
Kasumi: It's incredible! It's like we suddenly have a ton of new friends!
Rimi: I totally know what you mean~! I exchanged contact info with a lot of people.
Tae: Some of them even brought the flyers we handed out last time.
Kasumi: Yeah! It was so touching to see people take such good care of them.
Saya: It makes you want to hand out flyers again, doesn't it? We still have the pile that Marina-san prepared to go through.
Arisa: Hey, you guys notice this event seems to have grown in scale compared to last time?
Saya: No, it's not just the scale. Everyone at the booths seems extra motivated.
Kasumi: I noticed that too! You could literally feel it in the air!
Tae: Say, why don't we go and check out the center stage? I wonder how it's looking.
Arisa: Now that you mention it, I kinda wanna see too... Let's go...
Kasumi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rocking Star Festival - Center Stage]

Kasumi: Wow~... Th-this is incredible...
Saya: Just look at the size of that monitor...
Rimi: I think it's as big as the monitors they use for outdoor concerts...
Arisa: Ah... The owner's over there.
Owner: Do you think you could raise the monitor a little bit more? Keep the speakers where they are. Just move the monitors.
Owner: Once this is done, I want a PA check in half an hour.
Saya: You can feel the tension in the air... Now's probably not a good time to approach her...
Arisa: Yeah...
Owner: Everyone should use this time to review what they need to do.
Staff: Yes, ma'am!
Tae: Ah...! It's everyone that used to work at SPACE...
Kasumi: Huh? Seriously...?! Wow, it really is them! Everyone's there!
Saya: Can you believe this, Kasumi? I bet they all came for the festival.
Kasumi: Yeah!
Tae: I'm going to go say hi!
Kasumi: Ah, O-Tae, wait! We should all go~!
Arisa: K-Kasumi, are you seriously going?! Now's clearly not the time...!
Arisa: ... Who am I kidding? This is Kasumi, after all...
Saya: Fufufu. And only someone like her would be able to make an event like this happen...
Rimi: Arisa-chan, Saya-chan! Let's go too!
Kasumi: Hello, Owner!
Owner: Ah, Toyama... If I'd known how much work this would be, I never would've signed off on it. Fufu.
Kasumi: You look awfully happy though.
Owner: I don't need you to state the obvious. What kind of musician doesn't enjoy getting ready for a concert?
Kasumi: True!
Owner: ... Come with me.
Kasumi: Hm?
Owner: Everyone, I'd like you to pause what you're doing. That goes for all of you preparing the booths.
Owner: We've got a big day tomorrow. It's going to be our first-ever livestreamed Rocking Star Festival. I'm counting on all of you!
Owner: Toyama... Say a few words to everyone.
Kasumi: Huh?! M-me...?!
Owner: We're going online because of you. I'm sure everyone wants to hear what you have to say. Here, take the mic.
Kasumi: U-um... well~...
Kasumi: E-everyone... Thank you for all the support! Your messages really encouraged us!
Kasumi: Music is so amazing...! It's what brought all of us here together... And it's thanks to all of you that we have this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling!
Kasumi: I want us to enjoy tomorrow's festival to the fullest!
Kasumi: That way, all of us will be able to share our sparkling, heart-pounding feelings with everyone who won't be able to come!
Kasumi: Let's believe in the power of music!
Kasumi: Ah! I know! A huddle! Why don't we all do a huddle?
Arisa: ... Huh? K-Kasumi...? You don't mean with everyone in this entire venue, do you...?
Kasumi: But of course, I do! Everyone hold hands with someone nearby~!
Kasumi: Alright, everybody huddle up~! Yeah, like that~! Everyone, get together~!
Arisa: Whoa...! I-I've never seen a huddle this big...!
Saya: Kasumi's probably the only one who would think of something like this...
Tae: Look... It's the power of music... Look at how much it's grown!
Rimi: This is so amazing! I-I'm tearing up...
Owner: I haven't done a huddle in decades... And never one this massive.
Kasumi: Please do the honors, if you will!
Owner: ... No.
Owner: We do this together. Your voice is what will resonate the most with everyone.
Kasumi: Okay, together then! Let's do it!
Owner: Ahem...
Owner: Everyone... let's give this event everything we've got!
Kasumi: We'll make this a sparkling, heart-pounding festival!
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!
(White cut)
