band1-047 Chapter 12: Last Chance

Today's the day. Their last chance. As they feel the power of music, the girls give their performance.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanazono Residence - Guest Room]

Kasumi: Arisa, O-Tae, Saya, Rimi-rin! Look! All of these are messages of support!
Saya: Wow, so many...
Tae: Read one, Kasumi!
Kasumi: Okay! Let's see...
Kasumi: "I've been supporting you girls ever since I saw your music video during the Girls Band Challenge! We're also trying to figure out if there's anything we can do! Let's do our best!"
Arisa: And this one says... "Your music is filled with so much joy. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!"
Saya: "I had given up on streaming the festival, but seeing you girls has reinvigorated me! Thank you for the energy boost!"
Rimi: This is incredible... Kasumi-chan...
Rimi: All these people we don't even know are supporting us!
Tae: I'm so touched right now...!
Kasumi: Our feelings... They have reached people who are far away...!
Kasumi: It doesn't matter where we are! It doesn't matter if we've met or not! Music can overcome any distance and bring everyone together!
Kasumi: ... Music really is amazing...
Kasumi: This is the power of music!
Kasumi: Hey... I have an idea for when we play tomorrow...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Studio / Owner's Room]

Poppin'Party: Thank you for giving us this opportunity...!
Kasumi: ...!
Kasumi: (There's no distance our feelings won't reach because our music will carry them for us!)
Kasumi: (That's why... all we have to do is enjoy the music!)
Kasumi: (And believe in its power!)
(White cut)
Kasumi: Owner...
Owner: ...
Arisa: How was our... performance?
Owner: First, tell me this... Were you able to give everything you've got?
Poppin'Party: We were!
Kasumi: And it's because we had everyone's love and support.
Owner: Your music flew towards my heart more directly than it has before. If you had to rate your performance today, what score would you give yourselves?
Kasumi: It may not have been a hundred... but I think we gave the best performance we're capable of giving now.
Owner: ...
Kasumi: Owner...
Kasumi: Concerts have always helped us grow... That's why I think it's time for us to help them grow too.
Owner: Help concerts... grow...?
Kasumi: I think doing concerts in new ways is a way of making them grow.
Kasumi: I'm sure concerts would like that too.
Owner: ...
Kasumi: You said so yourself...
Kasumi: Concerts are like creatures!
Kasumi: And if it's like a creature, it has to grow!
Kasumi: Even if it's just a tiny bit! That's what creatures do.
Kasumi: The people around us influenced our band and helped us grow! It may not be a fast growth, but I'm sure concerts can change too!
Kasumi: If concerts are like creatures... then I want to help concerts grow!
Owner: Concerts... are like creatures...
Owner: It's a phrase I... no, musicians everywhere, have repeated. To think I'd run into someone who interprets it your way...
Owner: Equating a new way of doing concerts with growth... Haha... Only you could make such an off-the-wall connection, Toyama...
Kasumi: Owner...
Owner: I've been expecting perfection from you...
Owner: ... But perhaps I should've realized that it just might be my job to provide what's missing...
Kasumi: Huh...?
Owner: Making concerts grow... Things are getting interesting now.
Owner: As a musician who has grown because of concerts, I guess it's my turn to return the favor.
Kasumi: D-does this mean...?
Owner: It was a good performance... You've passed.
Kasumi: W-we did it...
Arisa: Kasumi!
Tae: We did it, Kasumi!
Rimi: I'm so happy, Kasumi-chan... All our hard work paid off...
Saya: We did it! I can't believe it, but we did it!
Kasumi: We did it~!!
Kasumi: Guys~. Ngh~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Owner: You girls made me realize something important...
Owner: You may have given everything you've got... but I haven't yet!
Owner: With only two weeks left, we don't have any time for tears. I'm calling in all of my connections.
Owner: Tsukishima! I want you to contact all the live houses!
Marina: Yes, ma'am!
Owner: Let's make this festival a success!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Poppin'Party: Yes!
Arisa: I-is it just me... or is the owner acting like Kasumi now...?
(White cut)
