band1-038 Chapter 3: Roaring Curiosity

Marina will be participating in a meeting for the festival. What will Tae and Kasumi do with this information...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rimi: I never thought we would get the chance to be in the Rocking Star Festival again.
Saya: Yeah! Although, considering this is an event with live houses from all over the country, this is a much bigger concert than what we were hoping for.
Kasumi: We get to see all those people we got to know back then! Hooray~!
Arisa: You practically went to every booth last time, didn't you?
Tae: Hey, why don't we make flyers like last time? Handmade ones.
Arisa: O-Tae... That might've been a foot-in-mouth moment...
Tae: Ah, I'm sorry...
Kasumi: Hm? You mean how everyone threw our flyers away...? It's okay, I'm not bothered anymore!
Kasumi: I was really hurt when it happened, but we were able to grow because of it!
Saya: True... The disappointment we felt is what helped us come together to put on a good show.
Rimi: You were amazing on the guitar that day, O-Tae-chan.
Arisa: Anyway, let's not worry about the flyers for now. We're doing a new song, right?
Kasumi: Of course! I totally want everyone who comes to the Rocking Star Festival to hear our new song!
Saya: It sounds like we've got some busy days ahead of us again~, fufufu.
Tae: Ah, by the way, Rimi, any word from Yuri-san? Did she say she's coming back to Japan?
Rimi: About that, she said she doesn't think she can make it, but she did wish us well.
Kasumi: Oh~, that's too bad~...
Tae: It would've been nice if we could show her how we've improved.
Arisa: It stinks, but I don't think there's anything we can do about it.
Rimi: Thanks for worrying about me, everyone. Don't worry, I'll just send her the usual videos.
Kasumi: I wish there was a good way to share it with her...
Saya: Hey, guys, it's almost time. We've only got fifteen minutes before we're supposed to meet Marina-san.
Kasumi: Huh? Seriously?! It's already this late?! Let's hurry to CiRCLE!
Arisa: Marina-san said It's a meeting to discuss the festival, right? We can't be late for it.
Kasumi: C'mon, guys!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: ... So, just like last time, we're thinking of preparing various merchandise, and I'd like to hear your thoughts.
Kasumi: The t-shirts and towels you made last time were really nice! I still have mine safely tucked away!
Tae: I wear that shirt.
Kasumi: Yeah, I see you wearing it at practice sometimes! Hm~, maybe I should wear mine more regularly~.
Marina: Since you all seem to like them so much, what do you think about having some different colored versions?
Arisa: Whoa... That would be great...!
Saya: Fufufu, I know you keep our Poppin'Party merch stored away, Arisa.
Rimi: I saw the flyer, t-shirt, and towel in a box case.
Arisa: L-leave me alone~! My stuff, my business, alright?!
Marina: Fufufu, it looks like we'll be going with the color variants then. Now then, there are some other things I'd like to discuss...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: Thanks, I think we've figured out what merchandise we'll be going with for the festival. You were all a big help~.
Kasumi: Is there anything else we can do for you?!
Marina: Hm~, I appreciate the offer, but I think that's all for now.
Marina: I have to be at a meeting to discuss the Rocking Star Festival, so maybe something will come up there.
Kasumi: Huh...? Another meeting...?
Marina: Mmhmm. I'm actually the organizer of the festival.
Marina: The Girls Band Challenge was such an engaging experience that I wanted to try my hand at this one as well.
(White cut)
Tae: Organizer...
Rimi: Hm? What is it, Kasumi-chan, O-Tae-chan...?
Kasumi & Tae: I want to go...
Arisa: Huh?!
Kasumi: What's wrong? It's not like we get a chance like this every day! Don't you wanna see what a meeting like that is gonna be like?
Tae: I love the Rocking Star Festival so much that I want to go too!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Let's go, guys!
Saya: I don't mind, but... Marina-san, will you be okay with us coming along?
Marina: Sure, you're all welcome... But I have to warn you that it could get boring because we'll be doing a lot of talking. Do you still want to come...?
Kasumi: I do! This is great, isn't it, O-Tae?
Tae: Yeah!
Arisa: Sigh... You better behave, okay?
Kasumi: I know, I know♪ Let's go, guys~!
