band1-049 Chapter 14: To Our Far Away Friends

The day of the Rocking Star Festival has arrived. Satisfied, the owner takes a look around the event space and speaks...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Day of the Rocking Star Festival]

[Venue]

Kasumi: It sounds like people are having a blast at the center stage concert.
Arisa: Of course it does. Marina-san did say we have a larger audience than last time.
Rimi: Look at this! People who are watching the livestream are posting on social media.
Saya: Wow, that's a lot of posts. It looks like everyone's having a good time!
Tae: That means people are feeling the power of music.
Marina: I think things have settled down here at the booth, so why don't you all go check out the center stage? You've been wanting to, right?
Kasumi: Oh, can we?!
Marina: It should be fine as long as you come back around noon. You can watch all the shows you want until then.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks so much! Let's go, guys!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rocking Star Festival - Center Stage]

Kasumi: Ah~, I love live performances~! You could tell every band put their heart into their shows!
Arisa: I'm pretty impressed by the screen in the back. They used it to show posts people are making online.
Saya: Yeah! I was thinking the same thing! It really makes it feel like this is a new kind of concert.
Rimi: And it's like you can also hear the voices of the people who couldn't come!
Tae: Kasumi! We've succeeded in making this concert grow!
Kasumi: There's this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling... It's like the beginning of something new!
Owner: I rounded up the people I used to work with, and we did everything we could.
Kasumi: Owner!
Owner: Feelings alone won't make a concert evolve... You also need technology.
Owner: The history of music is one built upon technology. Only when technology meets the love for music can you get new music.
Owner: You more than covered the emotional angle. That's why I was able to see what I needed to do.
Owner: Thank you, Poppin'Party.
Kasumi: W-we'd like to thank you too!
Arisa: Kasumi, that was the last band of the morning. We gotta go back to the booth-
Owner: Hold on. It's not over yet.
Kasumi: Hm? But according to this handout, that was the last ban-
Announcer: And now, I would like to present to you today's special guest band!
Saya: Special guest band...?
Announcer: Representing SPACE, the legendary live house where the great age of girl bands all began, is this band!
Announcer: Everyone, please turn your attention to the monitor!
(Black cut)
Yuri: Hello, everyone. We're Glitter*Green!
Poppin'Party: ...?!
Kasumi & Rimi: Yuri-senpai?! Sis?!
Yuri: Thank you for having us! It's been a while since we last performed, but we would like to put on a show for all of you today!
(Black cut)
Arisa: Wh-what the heck's going on...?
Owner: Since we were going to be attempting a new kind of concert, I thought it would be interesting to try this as well. It's a little something Yuri and I worked on.
Rimi: She never said a word...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, isn't she supposed to be overseas?
Owner: The members of Glitter*Green will each be performing from different locations.
Kasumi: Performing live from different locations...? Is that even possible...?!
Owner: Who do you think they are? They're musicians.
Owner: I told you earlier, didn't I? The history of music has been built on technology. It worked during rehearsals, at least.
Owner: That said, anything can happen once a show starts... including accidents.
Kasumi: ...
Owner: But... that's what makes it a live performance.
(White cut)
Yuri: We're so excited to have been given this opportunity to try this new way of performing for all of you!
Yuri: We believe in the power of music! And we'd like to send our feelings to all of you in Japan!
Kasumi: I-it's starting! It's been a while since they last played live, but it doesn't matter if it's online! I just wanna enjoy it!
Arisa: Man... I can't believe I get to see a Glitter*Green show here... This seriously rocks...!
Tae: Hey! Let's go closer to the front!
Saya: Yeah! Wow~, this is so exciting~!
Rimi: Sis! Good luck~!
Yuri: Japan! Are you ready to party?
Poppin'Party: Yeah~!
(White cut)
