band1-036 Chapter 1: A Growing Desire to Perform

Kasumi and the others discuss their previous show and feel the desire to perform.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: And don't you guys also think Sayo-senpai was amazing on the guitar?
Tae: She was... The sound of her guitar made me see all kinds of scenery.
Rimi: I so know what you mean~. It was like her guitar spread the world of Roselia's music throughout the venue.
Saya: Ako was no slouch on the drums either... Yesterday's concert was probably the best of their recent ones~.
Kasumi: It wasn't just Roselia! I thought everyone was really good! Don't you agree, Arisa?
Arisa: Well, it was definitely one of the best recent concerts I've seen, not just in terms of technique but also in terms of intensity.
Kasumi: Yeah! You could tell everyone really gave it their all~!
Arisa: You know, how many times do you plan on bringing it up? You were also talking about it the whole time at school yesterday.
Kasumi: But it was so incredible!
Kasumi: It's not just Roselia's live performances that are so awesome. Their songs and emceeing are awesome too!
Kasumi: I wish I could emcee like that~...
Kasumi: Are you prepared to fully devote yourselves to Poppin'Party?
Arisa: Not even close~. Your words carry absolutely no weight. Good luck convincing anyone with that.
Kasumi: Aw~, really? I thought I did pretty good.
Tae: Okay, my turn next! "Are you prepared to fully devote yourselves to Poppin'Party?" ... What's my score?
Arisa: Your score?! This isn't some kind of impersonation show!
Rimi & Saya: Fufufu...
Tae: ... Ah, by the way, did you guys notice Lisa-san winked at us during the "BLACK SHOUT" interlude?
Rimi: You noticed it too?! It really was for us then, huh? My heart leaped when she did that.
Kasumi: Seriously? Awww, I missed it!
Kasumi: No fair~. I wish I could've seen it too!
Arisa: Stop complaining like a kid... Not like there's anything you can do about it now...
Kasumi: I know, but still... Roselia's performing again next week, right? Let's go see them! I won't miss the wink this time!
Saya: I don't mind going, but there's no guarantee she'll wink at us again.
Arisa: Yeah, every concert is different. You know how it goes, concerts are like creatures.
Arisa: No two are ever the same, so you're never gonna see the same one.
Kasumi: But that's exactly why I wanna go~. Each one gives me a different sparkling, heart-pounding feeling! Isn't that amazing?!
Tae: They turn out different even when the setlist is the same.
Rimi: I guess it's like each one is a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Kasumi: Yeah, that's it exactly~! C'mon, guys! Let's go together! Please!
Tae: All this talk about concerts is making me want to do one.
Kasumi: ...?!
Kasumi: That's it! We just have to do one of our own! You're such a genius, O-Tae!
Tae: When do we do it?
Arisa: Whoa, whoa! Slow down~. We can't just throw a concert. We gotta find a live house to perform at.
Arisa: And we gotta do that before we start planning~.
Rimi: If we're going to do it, it would be nice to write a new song too.
Kasumi: Absolutely!
Saya: In that case, it'll probably end up being a month or so from now...
Tae: That'd be perfect! We won't have any exams either! You'd like that, right, Arisa?
Arisa: Errr... C-could you not rub it in...?
Tae: Ah, how about we just do another basement show?
Kasumi: Oh yeah! We can do one in the basement!
Arisa: No way, not a chance! Don't you remember how cramped it was the last time?
Saya: Aww~, too bad. I enjoyed performing down there.
Arisa: C'mon, we even managed to perform at the Budokan. If we're gonna do a show, don't you wanna show more people how far we've come?
Kasumi: Sounds like somebody wants to do that...
Arisa: Not really, it's just, you know...
Tae: We need a place at least as big as CiRCLE if we want everyone to come.
Kasumi: Yeah. There's Roselia, Afterglow, Pastel＊Palettes... Hello, Happy World!, Morfonica, RAS... That's already a lot of people...
Saya: I want to invite CHiSPA too.
Kasumi: Yeah! We should invite them for sure!
Rimi: I want my sister to watch...
Arisa: Is Yuri-senpai coming back to Japan?
Rimi: I'll ask her if she has any plans to.
Kasumi: It would be great if she could watch us!
Arisa: But if we're gonna have her watch, we need to set a date first...
Kasumi: Hey, why don't we go to CiRCLE after practice? We can ask what the schedule looks like.
Saya: I hope they have free slots.
Kasumi: Alright then!
Kasumi: Let's perform live in front of everyone and show them how far we've come~!
Poppin'Party: Yeah~!
(White cut)
