band1-040 Chapter 5: LIFE

Kasumi tries to talk the owner into allowing the concert to be live-streamed. What will her reply be...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Gotta say, I never expected the owner to show up...
Rimi: We didn't get to speak with her much during the Girls Band Challenge, but it looks like she hasn't changed much since SPACE.
Kasumi: It feels like everyone is on edge when she's around.
Saya: Yeah... The meeting's atmosphere changed drastically the moment she showed up.
Tae: I think she's mellowed out a bit compared to back at SPACE.
Arisa: S-seriously...? I'm surprised you didn't just up and quit when you worked there...
Kasumi: Hey... Do any of you have any clue why she rejected my idea yesterday...?
Arisa: Your idea yesterday...? You mean about streaming?
Kasumi: I was so sure it was a great idea... I mean, there are a lot of people who wouldn't be able to come, and it lets them enjoy the festival too...
Kasumi: I did as she said after I got home and tried to think of a reason, but I still have no idea.
Kasumi: I thought my new way of doing concerts would help make the festival accessible to more people...
Tae: More and more people do seem to be performing online.
Rimi: It seems that way! The one I went to the other day was also being streamed.
Saya: But based on how the owner was acting yesterday, I don't think she's going to budge. It was like she didn't even want to talk about it...
Kasumi: ... I'm not going to accept this!
Arisa: Wh-what's wrong, Kasumi? Where'd that come from?
Kasumi: I wanna go ask why she's so against it!
Arisa: Huh?! Ask who exactly?
Kasumi: Isn't it obvious? I'm gonna ask the owner directly!
Saya: Take a deep breath. We don't know where she lives or how to even get in touch with her.
Arisa: Hey, wouldn't it be better to just give up? The special adviser herself is saying no to the idea, after all.
Kasumi: You guys aren't wrong, but...
Tae: Maybe Marina-san will know how to contact her.
Arisa: O-Tae...?
Tae: I think she would be the one who contacts the owner about the meetings.
Kasumi: Ah! That's it, O-Tae!
Tae: I'm with Kasumi on this one. I also want more people to be able to enjoy the festival.
Kasumi: Right? Okay, I'm gonna try asking Marina-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Café]

Kasumi: Owner, I just can't accept the response you gave me! What's wrong with doing a concert online?!
Tae: I would also like to know the reason!
Owner: ...
Kasumi: This festival will have live houses from all over the country participating! I'm sure there'll be people who won't be able to come!
Kasumi: Giving them the chance to see the festival would make them so happy!
Tae: More and more people are doing concerts online. I can't see why you're so against the idea.
Owner: So, that's the answer you've arrived at after thinking about it?
Owner: You're right that doing the festival online might make more people happy.
Kasumi: But if you know that...
Owner: However, do you think it would be a true concert?
Kasumi: ... Hm?
Owner: You call yourself a musician, so you know that concerts are like creatures, right? To truly experience them, you have to be there, feel the same air, and be in the same moment.
Kasumi: W-well...
Owner: And more importantly, have you thought about what it's going to be like for the performers?
Tae: The performers...?
Owner: If we do it online, it means they will be performing for a large audience that won't be present.
Owner: Do you really think it's possible to convey your feelings properly to people you can't see? Can you really make people on the other end of a screen feel the same energy of being there?
Kasumi: W-well... We'll do our best!
Owner: It's not that simple!
Poppin'Party: ...?!
Owner: I'm well aware that people are doing concerts online.
Owner: But even professional musicians are still debating and deliberating how to bring the best concert experience online.
Owner: If you want to do it just because you want more people to be able to see the festival... then you're clearly not serious or resolved enough, and I can't sign off on the idea.
Owner: It's an insult to the musicians everywhere who are taking the problem seriously.
Kasumi: An... insult...
Owner: That's all I have to say. If you're still dissatisfied, you know how to reach me.
Kasumi: ...
