band1-046 Chapter 11: A Live that Connects

The girls have been give one last chance, and the girls talk about what to do.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Tomorrow's truly going to be our last chance. We need to practice really hard...
Kasumi: And hey, Arisa, thanks for saying what you did earlier. I never would've expected those words to come from you...
Arisa: I'm just as surprised that I said what I did...
Arisa: To be honest... I was acting like a sore loser begging for a rematch or something. Talk about lame.
Tae: No, you were really cool.
Rimi: What you said resonated with me so much.
Saya: I even found myself crying... I felt something like the spirit of Poppin'Party coming from you.
Arisa: It was nothing like our spirit...
Arisa: But well, I guess you could say I remembered I'm just as much a member of Poppin'Party as you guys...
Kasumi: Aww~, Arisa~!
Arisa: Get your arms off of me!
Tae: Hey, do you guys wanna spend the night at my place after practice? It'd be just like that day before we auditioned.
Tae: We should be together like we did back then.
Tae: It'll help us come up with some great ideas for sure. All five of us need to be together to be Poppin'Party, after all.
Arisa: Nice speech, but I bet you're gonna be the first one to pass out.
Saya: Fufufu... Well, I'm all for rituals like that, so count me in♪
Rimi: I want to sleepover too! It helped me avoid getting nervous last time.
Kasumi: Alright, let's head over to O-Tae's place after practice!
Arisa: Hey, we just need to bring the same stuff we brought last time, right?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanazono Residence - Guest Room]

Kasumi: Let's be sure to give everything we've got tomorrow, okay?
Arisa: Agreed.
Rimi: If everything works out, it'll be like making concerts evolve.
Saya: Evolve, huh...? Fufufu, I get what you mean~.
Tae: I think it'll be a chance for music to grow and create connections that weren't there before.
Kasumi: Hm, I've got a video call... I wonder who it's from? Ah...! It's Marina-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: Hi, sorry for calling at this hour. Were you still awake?
Kasumi: I was! I'm with everyone else at O-Tae's place! Is there something you need?
Marina: I just wanted to express my gratitude to all of you... Thank you so much for trying so hard.
Kasumi: But... things haven't been working out... I'm really sorry we haven't been able to do better, even with your help...
Marina: No... It's my fault for not being able to be of more help.
Marina: I've also been trying to think of a way to connect people through a streamed concert... but I still don't know how.
Marina: It's made me realize just how difficult what you're trying to do really is...
Kasumi: Marina-san...
Marina: As someone who loves live performances, I feel so helpless.
Marina: I mean, we couldn't say a word to the owner when she objected...
Marina: But unlike us, you girls are trying to tackle the issue head-on. That's something really remarkable.
Kasumi: No, we're just trying because it's something we want to do!
Marina: That's why I decided to do what I could.
Marina: I sent the videos of your attempts to the live houses that are a part of the upcoming festival.
Kasumi: ... Huh?
Marina: I just wanted everyone to know how hard you've been trying.
Saya: I had no idea you did something like that for us...
Marina: I have some messages from them, so I'll send them your way.
Kasumi: Ah, I got them!
Marina: Be sure to read them later, okay? Everyone's trying to figure out what they can do. And it's all because you inspired them!
Marina: I want you to know we're all supporting you! All the energy you've given us has spurred us to act!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: This... it's unbelievable! I had no idea so many people supported us!
Marina: No, it was your music that supported all of us involved in the festival. Thank you for everything.
Kasumi: Marina-san...
Marina: Good luck tomorrow... Wait, no... I guess I should say let's both do our best!
Poppin'Party: Yeah!
