band1-050 Chapter 15: LIVE

Kasumi and the others are up, and near or far, they'll make sure their emotions are conveyed.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Rocking Star Festival - Center Stage]

Kasumi: This new style of performing... it's amazing! Everyone here really enjoyed it...! They all had a sparkling, heart-pounding look in their eyes!
Arisa: Glitter*Green really is something... It felt like they were right there...
Rimi: Ngh... We felt their music, didn't we?
Saya: After seeing something like that, there's no way we're not on fire, right?
Tae: It's our turn next! Let's enjoy this new type of concert as much as we can!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rocking Star Festival - Dressing Room]

Rimi: The cheering's so loud, you can hear it all the way here...
Arisa: You guys see what people are saying online? There's a boatload of posts by people who are watching the festival!
Saya: It's like more and more people are getting involved in this show!
Kasumi: Guys... We've helped this concert grow, right?
Tae: Yes, we have... Concerts are like creatures, after all.
Arisa: It's finally gonna be our turn next. I can't wait to see what this evolved concert is gonna be like!
Kasumi: Hey. When we were performing our music over video call with the owner, we never did figure out who we should be directing our music to, did we?
Saya: Yeah... We tried various targets, like the people we care about, but none of them felt right.
(White cut)
Kasumi: I might've just figured it out right now.
Arisa: ... Huh? What do you mean?
Kasumi: This way of doing concerts is still new.
Kasumi: That's why I think we should try to send our feelings as far away as possible.
Tae: As far away as possible...?
Kasumi: Yeah, as far as we can...
Kasumi: Right to the stars!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa, Rimi, Saya & Tae: ...!
Arisa: The stars... huh? Sounds like something you'd... no, we'd say.
Saya: But it makes sense. If we send them to the stars, they'll reach everyone!
Rimi: I really like it! Let's send our feelings to the stars.
Tae: Let's give the stars goosebumps this time!
Kasumi: Alright~, let's do this!
Owner: Girls, can I have a moment?
Kasumi: Ah, Owner!
Owner: It's been a while since I've felt this excited.
Kasumi: Thank you so much for giving us so many chances!
Owner: It doesn't really matter what shape a concert takes... I do love concerts.
Owner: Everyone's waiting to hear you. Now go out there and show them what you've got.
Poppin'Party: We will!
Kasumi: Guys! Let's give this everything we've got and make this the best concert we've ever done!
Tae, Arisa, Rimi & Saya: Yeah! Right on!
Poppin'Party: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Rocking Star Festival - Center Stage]

Kasumi: Hi, everyone! We're~...
Poppin'Party: Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Are those of you watching us online having a good time? We hope we get to see you in person when there's another concert!
Kasumi: This place is filled with sparkling, heart-pounding feelings!
Kasumi: Anyway! We've written a song just for this day! We hope you like it!
(White cut)
Saya: (The people who couldn't come can also see now...)
Saya: (I want more people to hear our music. I want more people to see our concerts. I want people to know that this is the Poppin'Party that I love, and this is how we do shows!)
(White cut)
Rimi: (I feel it too, Kasumi-chan. I feel it... There's a sparkling, heart-pounding feeling inside me now.)
Rimi: (Music really is amazing... I feel there's no place I can't go as long as I have music at my side!)
(White cut)
Tae: (What a curious sensation... I feel like I'm being embraced by the music itself.)
Tae: (I want to feel this moment forever... together with the rest of Poppin'Party...)
(White cut)
Arisa: (Kasumi... You're acting the same as always, just enjoying playing music in front of everyone... But do you really understand?)
Arisa: (Do you know how incredible what you've accomplished is...? Do you know how many people you've brought together...? You really are something...)
(White cut)
Kasumi: (The heat in the air, the vibrations of the sound, everyone's cheering... Every single moment on this stage is filled with sparkling, heart-pounding brightness...)
Kasumi: (I know there's nowhere my feelings can't reach! Distance doesn't matter! Our music will carry them! That's why...)
Kasumi: (They can reach the stars...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Asuka: You did it... I can feel it here...
Asuka: You really are amazing... And I've always been so proud of you...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the Show]

Kasumi: Mmm~! That. Was. Awesome~!
Marina: Great job out there, girls! You really nailed it~!
Tae: Ah, Marina-san! Did you do something to the acoustics?! They were on a whole different level!
Saya: You felt it too?! The sound was totally different!
Rimi: I totally know what you mean! Sigh~, my skin still feels tingly~...
Arisa: Having the owner be a special adviser really showed.
Rimi: Hm? Somebody just messaged me...
Rimi: Ah, it's from my sister! She says, "You guys were great. I felt your intensity!"
Kasumi: Yay~! It reached her!
Marina: Fufufu, congratulations. It was a really great show. Look at the reaction online!
Kasumi: Wow! I'm going to take my time reading through the comments later!
Kasumi: Oh, Marina-san! Thank you so much for everything! I'll never forget the experience you gave us!
Marina: I'm the one who should be thanking you girls. You all made this an amazing festival! Thank you!
Kasumi: But the festival isn't over yet! There's more fun to be had!
Kasumi: I mean, look! So many people from the audience are still here!
Marina: You know, as I was watching you girls, I couldn't help but wonder what the purpose of live houses is going to be if concerts are going to change...
Kasumi: Huh...? You have nothing to worry about...
Kasumi: There's only one place you can hear the crowd cheering while experiencing the vibrations in the air, sweat, and energy of a live performance...
Kasumi: That's at a live house! And after all... a concert is like a creature!
Marina: Ah... Yeah, I think you're right. Fufufu.
Kasumi: Hey, guys! There's a booth I want to check out! Let's go take a look!
Arisa: Alright, alright. We're coming. Slow down~.
Tae: Ah! Why don't we bring our flyers with us and hand them out?
Saya: Nice~. I'll have you know, I've become quite the expert at handing out flyers~. It is my second time, after all.
Rimi: Fufufu, I'll have to do my best to keep up then!
Kasumi: Alright, guys... Let's go!
Marina: Ah, don't run inside the venue~!
Poppin'Party: We're not running~! We're just walking really fast~!
(White cut)
