band1-042 Chapter 7: First, We Try

Rimi relays what's happening with the festival to Yuri, who is currently overseas. Yuri's words help her realize something.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Rimi's Room / Yuri's Room]

Rimi: ... So that's what's happening right now.
Yuri: I see... It sounds like you have quite the challenge ahead.
Rimi: But I'm going to do my best! If it works out, you'll be able to see us perform live...
Yuri: Fufufu, you don't need to tell me you'll do your best. You're a part of Poppin'Party, after all.
Rimi: Sis...
Rimi: ... Thanks!
Rimi: I was actually really sad when I heard you were going overseas...
Rimi: But I'm okay now!
Rimi: Maybe it's because we're chatting a lot more than we used to. I know this sounds weird, but I feel like we're closer to each other now.
Yuri: I feel the same way. I guess there's no telling until you try, huh? Fufufu.
Rimi: ... Ah.
Yuri: Hm? What is it?
Rimi: Nothing! It's nothing! Thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Ah, if Yuri-senpai's saying that, we have to do our best!
Rimi: And while I was chatting with her, I realized it didn't feel like we're so far apart.
Rimi: It's like she's right there when we're doing a video call.
Rimi: I still feel a connection to her.
Tae: That makes sense... Even for me, it doesn't feel like she's far away because you're always talking about her.
Rimi: That's why I think it should be possible to do a performance that conveys our feelings to people who aren't right there.
Arisa: Huh... Don't you think it might be 'cause you know her and can actually speak with her?
Arisa: The owner's talking about performing for people we've never seen and who we won't be seeing. I don't think it's the same deal...
Arisa: Ugh~, this is all so complicated. I can't get a clear picture of the problems in the first place because there are technical and emotional issues all jumbled together...
Rimi: Yes! That's exactly what I've been trying to say!
Saya: What do you mean?
Rimi: Has anyone here actually streamed a performance?
Kasumi: Probably... not...
Saya: What about you, O-Tae? Like when you were helping RAS out.
Tae: We never did anything like that, so I haven't either.
Rimi: That's what I thought. We don't fully understand the difficulties the owner is talking about because we've never actually done it ourselves.
Rimi: Before my sister went overseas, I was worried because I didn't know how things were going to work out. But I learned a lot by actually trying.
Rimi: So...
(White cut)
Rimi: Why don't we just try streaming a performance?
Arisa: ... Huh?
Saya: I don't know much about that sort of thing, but is it that easy?
Rimi: Not if we're trying to do a proper stream, but we can do something similar by making a video call with a phone.
Saya: I see. That makes sense...
Rimi: I think it will do us a lot of good to gain first-hand knowledge of the difficulties.
Kasumi: That's a great idea! I wanna try it out too! It's not our style to just sit around thinking anyway!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: We need to remember who we are and keep tackling things head-on!
Rimi: Yes! That's what makes us Poppin'Party!
Arisa: You guys are all turning into mini Kasumis...
Saya: But if we're gonna do this, who should we ask to watch?
Saya: This isn't going to work without somebody watching.
Tae: How about Marina-san?
Rimi: Ah, that's a good idea! She did offer to help.
Saya: Want me to try to ask some of my friends?
Kasumi: Hey... If we're doing this, there's one other person I think we should have watch us.
Arisa: Huh? Who are you thinking of...?
Kasumi: The owner!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: What?!
Arisa: Y-you for real...?
Kasumi: I mean, we can't livestream the festival unless we get her approval.
Kasumi: We should totally try to give a performance that she'll acknowledge!
Arisa: If you put it that way, I understand, but... It's not gonna be easy...
Rimi: Why don't we do a test run later so that we can figure out how we should be playing?
Saya: Yeah! We need to set up the camera too.
Tae: I want Marina-san to see us. I think she'll have a lot of advice to offer.
Kasumi: Ah! We also need to work on our new song! How's that coming along, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: I have a rough image for one, but it's far from complete...
Kasumi: Oh, okay~. It sounds like we're doing an all-nighter tomorrow at Arisa's place then!
Arisa: Hey! You don't get to decide what to do with my place!
