band1-037 Chapter 2: A Friend Like...

The girls can't get a reservation at CiRCLE, but Marina has an idea.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Hm~, let me see if we have any available slots around that time... I'm sorry, we're fully booked~.
Kasumi: Oh~... They're full.
Rimi: Yes, I don't see any available slots during the weekend...
Arisa: Well, can't be helped since we decided to ask so suddenly.
Kasumi: Aw~, but I can't just give up so easily~.
Arisa: There you go acting like a kid again...
Tae: Even if we can't get a spot a month from now, shouldn't we book what we can while we still have the chance?
Saya: Probably. If we don't, we'll have to keep postponing.
Rimi: Since we have exams coming up... Maybe three months from now would work best?
Kasumi: Three months?! That long?! Isn't there any way we could do one sooner~?
Arisa: Stop complaining. We're very sorry, Marina-san.
Marina: Fufufu... You really like concerts, don't you, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Yeah! I wanna have that sparkling, heart-pounding feeling that they give me!
Marina: Actually... There is a way to do one in a month... Interested?
Poppin'Party: Really?!
Kasumi: I'm super interested! Please tell us!
Marina: I was planning on getting in touch with you girls about it anyway, but you showed up. Take a look at this flyer, will you?
Kasumi: ... Wait, this-
Poppin'Party: The Rocking Star Festival?!
Marina: Do you remember? It's that event where live houses from all over the country gather.
Kasumi: Of course I do! I really appreciate how you let us represent you in the last one!
Tae: There's another one this year, huh?
Marina: It was decided just yesterday. We'd like you to represent CiRCLE again.
Kasumi: We'll do it for sure! Right, guys?!
Tae: Of course!
Saya: We get to be in that event again. I can't wait~...
Rimi: Mmhmm! I'm so happy~! I still remember it like it was yesterday.
Arisa: If you don't mind me asking, are you sure you want us again this year?
Marina: We are. It'd be nice if you could put on another show that lifts everyone's spirits. I look forward to seeing what you can do as our representative!
Kasumi: Me too! We'll do our best!
Arisa: Er, the venue's a lot bigger than I'd imagined...
Kasumi: That means more people will get to see how much we've grown!
Saya: This is quite a coincidence...
Tae: It's like the concert itself wants us to be there.
Kasumi: I know what you mean! It feels that way to me too!
Marina: Ah, by the way, do you remember how you let me be in the huddle with you guys?
Saya: Oh, yeah! We did, huh?
Marina: It made me so happy that I still think about it even now. And you put on an amazing show afterward.
Kasumi: You could say we're who we are today because of that concert. I remember how O-Tae said we should put on a show that would make everyone take another look at us.
Marina: Fufufu. And that's exactly what happened. It was really incredible.
Rimi: It's great that we get to be on that same stage and show everyone how much we've grown.
Arisa: Totally.
Marina: Alright, I'll let you all know the details later. I look forward to working with you girls!
Poppin'Party: So do we!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi: And you see, you won't believe what happened next! We're gonna be in the Rocking Star Festival again!
Asuka: I see~... That sounds like quite the miraculous coincidence...
Kasumi: You think so too?! What do you call things like this? Fate? It's like the concert itself invited us because it wants to do a show with us again~!
Asuka: Invited you...? You're making it sound like you and the concert are friends.
Kasumi: That's exactly it! You always have such a nice way of putting things~.
Asuka: I was trying to tell you to stop being so childish...
Kasumi: I'm not a child~.
Asuka: Your tone's already childish. Why do you always keep giving feelings to everything anyway? Remember the tin toy?
Asuka: High schoolers don't usually do that, you know?
Kasumi: Hey~, that's not nice. You know what'll happen if you're gonna be mean...!
Asuka: I do...?
Kasumi: I sentence you... to be tickled! Prepare yourself! Tickle, tickle, tickle, tickle...
Asuka: Ahaha, s-stop! I'm sorry, I get it! Ahahaha...!
Kasumi: I'm glad you understand!
Asuka: ... See! You are like a kid!
Kasumi: There you go with your mouth again~. You still want more, huh? Tickle, tickle, tickle...
Asuka: Ahaha, you win, you win! I'm sorry! Stop tickling me!
