event206-04 Chapter 3: The "Prince" and "   "

Kaoru is practicing her role as a prince. Chisato helps by being the princess.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: (It might be worth changing my study environment every now and then. If I go to the library, I get a quiet place where I don't have to worry about distractions...)
Chisato: (Maybe I should go more often since general selection admission is a possibility...)
??? (Kaoru): "... Wait!"
Chisato: ...!
??? (Kaoru): "I implore you to not leave me! I wish not for this miracle to be our sole encounter!"
Chisato: ... This voice...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: "So you still insist on leaving. I, however, do not wish to let go of you...!"
Chisato: Kaoru...
Kaoru: "Ahh, my dear princess whose name I do not even know..." ...Chisato?
Chisato: I heard your voice. I hope I'm not intruding.
Kaoru: Of course not! For us to meet here, truly must it be fate...!
Chisato: It's just a coincidence... So, was all of that just now for the upcoming Christmas play?
Kaoru: Indeed. I felt the need for more practice than what I get with everyone at school.
Kaoru: The greatest of elegance and fleetingness will be required when Kaoru Seta makes a final appearance at Haneoka as an actor.
Chisato: ... I can understand why you would want to put in so much effort.
Chisato: But this is a day off... and like me, you should be...
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Chisato?
Chisato: It's nothing. I was just thinking how this is all very like you.
Kaoru: Fufu, your compliment does honor me... Ah, it must be the will of the divine that has brought us here together.
Kaoru: Would you be willing to assist me with practice? When the time comes for the play, I wish to deliver to everyone the best performance that my current self is capable of.
Kaoru: Everyone includes you, of course.
Chisato: You want my help...? So, are you asking me to read the script?
Kaoru: That, I am... Will you grant me this request?
Chisato: ... It's late in the afternoon, so I won't be able to stay for long. Hand me the script, will you?
Kaoru: "Ahh, dear princess! Please, do not go! Grant me a moment of your time...!"
Chisato: "Good prince, what drives you so...? Never have we met before, and barely do we know each other."
Kaoru: "For you, it may feel as though we have never met..."
Kaoru: "But for me... For my entire life, I have been searching for a woman such as yourself...! No, I have been searching for you...!"
Chisato: "Me...?"
Kaoru: "So proudly you stood among everyone with your back straight and clear eyes filled with kindness and strength."
Chisato: "G-good prince..."
Kaoru: "I also must confess that we have met before. When I slipped out of the castle, my identity and station hidden, still did you speak kindly to me."
Kaoru: "You are truly beautiful, and the beauty I speak of is not what is outward. It is your very heart that is beautiful."
Chisato: "The feelings you have, I also..."
Chisato: "Alas... I am not a princess who is worthy of your standing!"
Kaoru: "Wait, my dear princess!"
Kaoru: ...!
Kaoru: Most impressive, indeed. I cannot believe you only read the script once! Everything from the brief pauses to the subtle movements was perfect...!
Chisato: You're just exaggerating. That was nothing special.
Kaoru: No, please hear me out. Your approach has revealed to me new possibilities!
Kaoru: Based on your interpretation just now, I can change how I act as the prince... And perhaps I can even change how this part is done...
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: It has been quite some time since we acted together, and I must say, I do so enjoy the experience.
Chisato: You shouldn't be saying that when you already have a co-star. She is your precious princess, isn't she?
Kaoru: Without a doubt. There were those who said that only I should star in the Christmas play...
Kaoru: I, however, wanted all of us to work on what will be my final performance at Haneoka. It is why I selected this particular play.
Kaoru: Fufu, though it is far from ready, the day of the performance is something I find myself truly awaiting eagerly.
Kaoru: I simply cannot wait to perform atop that stage and entertain my little kittens.
Chisato: That all sounds so like you. You really don't change...
Chisato: And no matter how much time passes, you...
Kaoru: ... Chisato?
Chisato: ... Do you ever worry about the future... your future...?
Kaoru: My future...?
Chisato: Yes. I apologize. That was too vague.
Chisato: Even after graduating, you intend to remain "that way" forever, don't you?
Kaoru: ...! Chisato, I...
Chisato: ... Never mind. Just forget what I said.
Kaoru: As you wish... But this much I can say.
Kaoru: I have always been my authentic self. It is who I have been, who I am, and who I will continue to be.
Chisato: I see...
Chisato: Of course. Thank you, and best of luck with the play.
(Black cut)
