event206-05 Chapter 4: Schrödinger's Path

Chisato is stuck in a maze with no idea which path to take.

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: ...
Maya: Hello~... Ah, Chisato-san. You're already here.
Eve: Hello, Chisato-san!
Chisato: ...!
Chisato: Wh-why, hello. I didn't expect the two of you to be together.
Eve: We met each other along the way! You are very early today.
Chisato: Yes. I've just been using this room because it happened to be available though.
Maya: It looked like you were writing something. Wait, are we in the way of your studying?
Chisato: Oh, um... No, this is just...
Eve: Ah, I know! It must be Kaoru-san's letter!
Maya: Letter...?
Eve: Yes! She is composing a heartfelt letter to give to Kaoru-san on the day of the Christmas play!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan...
Maya: Oh, so that's what you've been working on.
Chisato: ... Yes, although, I haven't decided yet if I'll actually be handing it to her.
Eve: I am sure Kaoru-san will be very happy! Whenever I receive fan mail, I get a lot of energy!
Maya: I know the feeling. Reading fan mail definitely makes me extra motivated.
Chisato: Yes...
Staff: Eve-san! There are some things about the next radio show that need to be discussed...
Eve: Okay! Chisato-san, Maya-san, please excuse me for a moment!
Chisato: ... Oh, Eve-chan... I said before that I wasn't sure if I would write one to give...
Maya: She's probably right about Kaoru-san being happy though.
Maya: Kaoru-san's really enthusiastic about the Christmas play. She even declared, "I shall give the little kittens who come a most marvelous Christmas present."
Maya: While she always gives her all when it comes to theater, she's even more enthusiastic this time.
Chisato: I see... I'll be looking forward to it then.
Maya: Yes, please!
Maya: By the way, you'll be handing in your comprehensive selection admission application soon, right? I guess you'll be admitted to Yotsuba one step ahead of Aya-san.
Chisato: It's too early to tell. There's no guarantee I'll make the cut. If I remember correctly, you're applying to Keiho Women's University, aren't you?
Maya: Among other places. Keiho is my first choice though. Hina-san will be applying to a few places like me, but she also seems interested in Keiho.
Chisato: I see. Fufu, knowing Hina-chan, I'm sure she won't have trouble being accepted into any of them.
Chisato: All of you have properly thought about where you're going after graduation... Me, on the hand...
Maya: Is something wrong?
Chisato: ... I'm still not entirely certain if my choice is the right one...
Chisato: Of course, I put in a lot of thought before settling on Yotsuba's Faculty of Humanities. It's just that I find myself wondering if there might not be a better path...
Chisato: Yotsuba has a lot of faculties and students and makes it easy to take courses outside one's major. I'd be able to expand my horizons and improve as an actress and idol.
Chisato: However, Yotsuba's Faculty of Arts would allow me to specialize more in acting, and Keiho's better rating makes their general selection admission an option too.
Chisato: When I visited Keiho before, it seemed like a great college. Kanon went with me, and she's even decided to apply for their comprehensive selection admission.
Chisato: Every choice has its own set of advantages, and now I'm not sure what I should be prioritizing the most...
Maya: I see... That's definitely not an easy choice to make.
Chisato: Yes. No matter what I choose, I have no way of knowing what the other paths will be like.
Chisato: ... I'm sorry for subjecting you to my indecisiveness. This is all probably because I've been mulling over it on my own so much.
Maya: It's fine. I'll gladly lend you an ear anytime. Actually, I think I know just the thing to recommend to someone in your situation.
Chisato: Oh...? What exactly do you have in mind?
Maya: Our theater club's Christmas play, starring Kaoru-san. Plays do have a certain magic to them, after all.
Chisato: ...! Fufu, true.
Chisato: Magic that can even transform a person...
Chisato: That's why it's time I move on.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Schoolgirl A: Over here! Hurry up! There won't be any good seats left!
Schoolgirl B: Wait for me~! I've been so excited that I haven't slept at all~!
Chisato: (A full house. Impressive but not unexpected. This is Kaoru's final high school performance, after all.)
Chisato: (She should be done changing into her costume by now... Maybe she's behind the main curtain for one last discussion.)
Chisato: (... I should stop worrying. Nothing will change the fact that the curtain will rise and the play will begin.)
Chisato: (And after it ends, I'll hand Kaoru this letter...)
Chisato: (Once I've done that, I...)
Narrator: ... The Haneoka Girl's Academy Theater Club's Special Christmas Production, "The Prince and Cinderella," will now begin.
(Black cut)
