event206-07 Ending: Flowers for the Path Untrodden

The two talk. They each begin walking down a path that is their own.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: ... This view does bring back memories.
Kaoru: I believe the last time you were here was when you were in "Romeo and Juliet."
Chisato: Yes... It feels like so long ago.
Kaoru: And yet, it is a memory that remains just as clear as the day it happened... Thank you for coming today.
Chisato: It's not like I had a choice. You gave me a ticket.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Fufu, I did, didn't I...?
Chisato: ... Is everything alright? This isn't very like you.
Kaoru: ... It feels as if my heart is still here on this stage...
Kaoru: As if a voice inside is saying it still wants to remain here...
Kaoru: Do you think I could, perhaps, have a moment of your time?
Chisato: ... I'm the prince though.
Kaoru: Pardon?
Chisato: I haven't had a chance to read through the script properly, but I can still recall the lines you said earlier during the play.
Kaoru: Well...
Chisato: If you're okay with that, then I don't mind.
Kaoru: ... Of course. Thank you, Chisato.
Chisato: "Ahh, dear princess! Please do not go! Will you not grant me but a moment of your time...?"
Kaoru: "Good prince, what drives you so...? Never have we met before, and barely do we know each other."
Chisato: "For you, it may feel as though we have never met..."
Chisato: "But for me... For my entire life, I have been searching for a woman such as yourself...! No, I have been searching for you...!"
Kaoru: "Me...?"
Chisato: "So proudly you stood among everyone with your back straight and clear eyes filled with kindness and strength."
Kaoru: "G-good prince..."
Chisato: "I also must confess that we have met before. When I slipped out of the castle, my identity and station hidden, still did you speak kindly to me."
Chisato: "You are truly beautiful, and the beauty I speak of is not what is outward. It is your very heart that is beautiful."
Kaoru: "The feelings you have, I also..."
Kaoru: "Alas... I am not a princess who is worthy of your standing!"
Chisato: ... "Wait, 'Kaoru!'"
Kaoru: Huh...?
Chisato: ...
Chisato: ... I liked the kind you... The kind and admirable, if somewhat timid, old you.
Chisato: And whenever I would see the current you, I would miss that Kao-chan because it felt like she was gone.
Chisato: But I was wrong... Kao-chan is here, isn't she?
Chisato: Inside a true entertainer who is assertive yet caring, who makes everyone smile, themselves included. This is where that kind, timid, admirable Kao-chan is.
Chisato: So...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Are you really okay with this...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Prince (Kaoru): "Wait... Are you truly okay with this?"
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: (Yes, I am okay with this... I like how things are.)
Chisato: So I hope we can continue our relationship, Kaoru.
Chisato: And I want you to know that I'm rather fond of your acting.
Kaoru: Chisato...
Chisato: Fufu. Shouldn't you be saying your next line? I believe Cinderella temporarily exits the stage, correct?
Kaoru: Y-yes... Right...
Chisato: Oh, your face looks a little red. Is something wrong?
Kaoru: That's because you...
Chisato: I simply recited the lines, the very exaggerated lines of praise the prince says to Cinderella.
Kaoru: ...
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Of course, it is as you say. You truly made a most fleeting prince, Chisato.
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: But I believe there is another role that suits you.
Chisato: Oh? Are you going to say I would make a good Cinderella, perhaps?
Kaoru: You are also her. No matter what those around you think or say, you stand firm and stay true to yourself, a truly beautiful woman.
Kaoru: However, you are also more... You are the fairy godmother who cast your greatest spell upon me.
Chisato: Me...?
Kaoru: Indeed, you did. It is why the person that I am now exists.
Chisato: ... I see. I guess Cinderella wasn't the only one who had a spell cast on them then.
Kaoru: Yes... It is but that.
Chisato: ... There goes the bell.
Kaoru: Which means... it is time for the spell to end...
Chisato: Yes... But it's not the end for us.
Chisato: Exiting one stage simply means getting up on the next one. This path and our connection will continue...
Chisato: That's why.
Kaoru: ... True.
Chisato: Anyway, I think I'll head home. I can't tell if you're aware of it, but exam season is almost here.
Chisato: Well, not that I know what you plan to do with your life after graduating. I honestly wouldn't be surprised to find out you've joined some theater troupe out there.
Kaoru: Fufu, please look forward to what is to come. However, no matter where I am...
Chisato: You'll be Kaoru Seta, right?
Kaoru: ... Indeed.
Chisato: I've already made up my mind. As an actress and an idol, I'm choosing the path that will allow me to broaden my horizons.
Chisato: Because that's who I am. I will be Chisato Shirasagi no matter where I am.
Chisato: It is who I have been, who I am, and who I will continue to be... Isn't that right, Kao-chan?
Kaoru: ... Er... Yes, Chii-chan.
Kaoru: ... I should rejoin the theater club. It is almost time to head out for celebrations.
Chisato: I might as well go ahead and hand in my application since the application period for Yotsuba Women's University has already begun.
Chisato: Well then, good luck to both of us.
Kaoru: Yes, good luck. Let us continue to remain fleeting.
(Black cut)
