event206-03 Chapter 2: With a Wave of Her Wand

The Theater Club is preparing for a play. At the center of it all is Kaoru.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

Kaoru: ... The spell the fairy godmother casts upon Cinderella is love... It is, but that.
Theater Student A: Oh! So she gave Cinderella love...
Kaoru: Exactly. That is why, during the scene where you cast your spell, you must give to Cinderella all of your love.
Kaoru: Because although the fairy godmother can, indeed, cast spells to make someone's life dazzling, her ability to do so is not what is the most important.
Kaoru: Her greatest magic is her ability to gently encourage others, not just by being kind but by sometimes using stern words out of kindness.
Theater Student A: That makes so much sense...! Thank you very much. I think I can do even better now!
Kaoru: As do I. Ah, I do so look forward to seeing your fleeting presence during the play!
Theater Student A: Thank you, I'll do my best...!
Theater Student B: Kaoru-senpai~! The prince's costume is done! Please take a look at it!
Kaoru: Certainly, I shall be there immediately!
Theater Student C: Kaoru-senpai! After that, do you think you could maybe check my acting a little bit...?
Kaoru: Why, of course! Please wait but for a moment, my little kitten.
Maya: ...
Kaoru: Phew...
Maya: They certainly kept you busy. Here's some water. There are throat drops, too, if you'd like.
Kaoru: Ah, my thanks. Impeccable as always, Maya. Your fleeting eyes truly do see all...
Maya: Not as well as yours, Kaoru-san. You looked over everything from the main character to the stagehands today. Now that's impressive.
Kaoru: I have done nothing worthy of such praise. After all, this play is my final and biggest act of selfishness at Haneoka.
Kaoru: My infinite love and gratitude toward Haneoka Girls' Academy... is what I seek to convey to the students, faculty, and this very play itself.
Maya: I think everyone already knows how you feel. That's why when you said you wanted to do a Christmas play, everyone offered to help even though you've left the club.
Maya: The same goes for me, too, of course.
Kaoru: Maya...!
Kaoru: My thanks, truly have I been blessed with the most fleeting of friends. It is because of you that this play is even more fleeting now.
Maya: We third years are just lending a hand, really. The first and second years are the ones who are organizing everything and doing the real work on the play.
Kaoru: Fufu, true. Being able to witness their efforts once again does bring joy to me as well.
Kaoru: And even though now is a busy time for everyone... it is my belief that performing this play at this time of the year is what makes it meaningful.
Maya: ... Because it's almost Christmas?
Kaoru: There is that, but... Have you not noticed that, whether it be because of the cold or the busyness, everyone appears somewhat melancholic?
Kaoru: However brief it may be, I wish to offer the little kittens a moment of solace...
Kaoru: It shall be a Christmas present from Kaoru Seta, acting as Santa Claus... That is one of the purposes of this play.
Maya: I see... I'm sure everyone will be delighted.
Maya: Oh, by the way, have you already given Chisato-san a ticket?
Kaoru: Indeed, I have. In fact, I went to her house the other day. I wished to inform her before word of the play reached her ears from another.
Maya: So it was a surprise then. I've also given tickets to everyone else in the band.
Kaoru: However, she appeared to be in the midst of studying. When I mentioned the play, she seemed to disapprove of the fact that I had chosen such an undertaking now.
Maya: Ahaha... I'm sure your feelings will reach her once she sees the play itself.
Kaoru: Yes, I shall endeavor to make it so.
Theater Student D: Seta-senpai~! About the lighting during the last scene...
Kaoru: Ah, I am coming! Anyhow, Maya, I hope I can count on your assistance until the end.
Maya: Of course, I won't let you down!
(Black cut)
