event22-02 Chapter 1: No Holding Back!

It turns out that Hagumi and Kasumi will be racing against each other. What happens when neither of them hold back...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Eve: The big day is finally here! Look at how beautiful the weather is!
Saya: Yeah! Let's give this everything we've got!
Kasumi: ... Ooh, check it out! I think they're about to do the Oath of Sportsmanship!
Arisa: As athletes, we hereby swear, in the name of sportsmanship to...
Saya: Arisa's so nervous~. I have to say though, I'd never have imagined that our Arisa would be making the Oath of Sportsmanship.
Hagumi: But Aa-chan is a top student! She's the only one who can be student representative!
Saya: She's not exactly a top student when it comes to sports though... Look how seriously she's doing it. She almost sounds like a real athlete... fufu♪
Eve: U-umm... I think it would be better to say "in the name of the bushido spirit" ...
Hagumi: Oh, Aa-chan is back! Nice speech, Aa-chan!
Arisa: ... Ugh, why do I have to be the one who makes the Oath of Sportsmanship? This whole Sports Day thing is going to kill me... I just can't...
Saya: Oh, don't be like that. You really looked the part when you were making the oath! I should've taken a picture.
Arisa: Don't even joke about that!
Saya: That reminds me, you're on the red team too, right, Arisa? Let's give it our best!
Eve: We are going to be victorious! The red team has Hagumi-san leading the charge!
Hagumi: Leading the charge...? Stop exaggerating, Eve-chin~.
Aya: Oh, you guys are on the red team too! I'm so glad~. I got split up from my close friends, but it's okay now that I know you guys are here~.
Eve: Oh, you're on the red team too, Aya-san! Yay! I'm so happy we're together now♪
Aya: Me too♪ I'm doing cheerleading today too, so the red team is going to be ready for everything!
Saya: Great! The first event is the running race, right? I think it's... Arisa and Hagumi who are running, right?
Hagumi: ... Y-yeah.
Arisa: Ahh, that's right, I'm running first...
Eve: In that case, you should get going! Good luck, Arisa-san!
(Black cut)
Arisa: *huff*... *puff*...
Eve: Good race, Arisa-san. You... did your best.
Arisa: Th-this is why I hate Sports Day! I looked so lame...!
Aya: Hey! That's not true! You came last, but you were really cool! Who cares about the results!
Arisa: You know, I'm doing my best not to think about it, so could you not remind me that I came last?
Saya: But you ran hard without goofing about or anything. We could tell you were really trying, Arisa.
Hagumi: Yeah! You tried really hard! That's what counts! Your form was kinda weird, but you were still cool!
Arisa: Didn't I tell you not to remind me of stuff like that?!
Saya: You say it's killing you and all, but even then you're still so hardworking~.
Arisa: Hey, who said I even tried?! Don't call me hardworking ever again!
Eve: Oh, it's almost time for Hagumi-san's race! Good luck, Hagumi-san! You must avenge Arisa-san!
Saya: Hagumi! Go get that first place!
Aya: Good luck, Hagumi-chan! Heave-ho! Heave-ho!
Arisa: U-um, Aya-senpai... Heave-ho is what you say during tug of war...
Hagumi: A-ahaha... Okay, I'm off.
(Black cut)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Starting Line]

Kasumi: Oh, Hagu! Hey~!
Hagumi: Ah, Kaa-kun! Are you running next? I guess... we're in the same race, huh?
Kasumi: Yeah! Which means you've gotta take me on! No doing easy on me, Hagu! I wanna race you for real!
Hagumi: No going easy... O-okay, you're on!
Track Judge: Runners, please go to the starting line. On your marks, ready...
(Black cut)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Aya: W-wow, that was amazing! Hagumi-chan just kept on getting further and further ahead until she came in first!
Saya: I knew she was fast, but... that was even crazier than I'd imagined.
Arisa: Kasumi did her best to keep up with Kitazawa-san, but even then she got left behind. Kitazawa-san is seriously amazing.
Hagumi: Phew~, I'm back~!
Aya: Welcome back~! That was amazing, Hagumi-chan! You were so fast off the starting line♪
Kasumi: *huff*... *puff*... *huff*... *puff*... Hagu~...
Hagumi: Ah... K-Kaa-kun...
Kasumi: Hagu.. you were sooo amazing~! You totally zoomed right past everyone! It was so cool~!
Hagumi: ... Huh? I-it was cool?
Kasumi: I had no idea you were that fast~! You speedy little...! That was amazing~!
Hagumi: K-Kaa-kun! Thanks...!
Kasumi: I'm not gonna let you beat me next time! Let's have another race sometime!
Hagumi: S-sure!
