event22-05 Chapter 4: Winning and Losing

Hagumi explains the look on her face. Everyone tries to cheer her up, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Hagumi: The truth is... I kinda don't like the whole winning and losing thing.
Hagumi: There was this one time in a softball game where we made a massive comeback and won...
Hagumi: It was my homerun that made it happen.
Saya: That's actually amazing, you know? Isn't it something to be happy about...?
Hagumi: Yeah, I was super happy when I hit the home run.
Hagumi: But, after the game... I felt really weird when I saw how disappointed everyone on the other team was...
Hagumi: When I saw the look on their faces I just... stopped feeling happy...
Saya: So you couldn't take joy in it for what it was...?
Hagumi: Y-yeah... ever since then I've just never liked stuff that involves winning and losing...
Arisa: Huh? But you still play softball, right? How does that work?
Hagumi: Yeah, I mean I love softball itself.
Hagumi: Running as fast as I can, chasing the ball, whacking it with a bat... It's all super fun! I just try my best not to think about the winning and losing part.
Hagumi: Anyway, sorry about this, you guys. I'm not really being myself, am I...?
Eve: That's not true! You're a very kind person, Hagumi-san!
Aya: Yeah, I think so too. It's also really nice that you can be so considerate of the other team.
Hagumi: Eve-chin, Aya-senpai... thanks.
Arisa: But like, Kitazawa-san... isn't it possible you're just overthinking this?
Arisa: I know that saying this doesn't really change anything, but... it's just Sports Day, you know?
Arisa: It's not like you have to quit your club activity if you lose on Sports Day or anything, so why not just take it easy?
Hagumi: Ugh... I know, but...
Aya: It's the only Sports Day we have in the year! Why don't we try to stop being gloomy and just enjoy it~♪ ... Okay?
Saya: Hagumi... I know it sucks to lose, but I think there's more to it than that, you know?
Saya: I'm not sure how to put it into words, but... I think there's something to be gained from losing.
Hagumi: You think so...?
Announcer: It is almost time for the afternoon events. We will begin with the first year group dance.
Arisa: Hmm... it's almost time for the dance.
Kasumi: Arisa~, Saya~! It's dance time!
Saya: Whoa, Kasumi?! Y-you startled me...
Arisa: What are you doing here?! You're in the white team!
Kasumi: But the dance is for everyone in first year! That means it's okay for me to come over here, right?
Eve: That's true! The dance isn't a competition! Let's have fun together, Hagumi-san!
Hagumi: Yeah! This is what I've was looking forward to!
Tae: Oh, I found Kasumi.
Rimi: I was so surprised when you just ran off like that.
Kasumi: My bad! I came to get Arisa and the others!
Arisa: No one asked you to come all the way over here...
Kasumi: The dance is the thing that both teams can do together! Let's have fun, no rivalry! Right, Hagu?!
Hagumi: Yeah! No rivals! Let's do our best together~!
Aya: I'm looking forward to watching the first year dance♪ I think everyone's gathering now, so you guys should get going!
Kasumi: Ah! You're right, we'd better hurry! C'mon, guys!
Tae: Kasumi, am I supposed to do the dance too?
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, we're all doing it~.
Arisa: *sigh*... These guys are always all over the place. Oh well, I guess we'd better go with them.
Eve: Yes! You're right!
Saya: Let's go too, Hagumi. Let's go have some fun!
Hagumi: Yeah! I'm gonna dance my way to happiness!
Aya: Have fun you guys~!
