event22-06 Chapter 5: The Last Event

The red team and white team go back and forth but they're evenly matched. The last event, a relay race, will decide it all...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Announcer: The dance performance by the Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy first-year students will now begin. Please welcome everyone with a warm round of applause.
Aya: Oh, the dance has started!
Aya: Wow, this is so cool~♪ They went all out on the choreography and everyone is so into it!
Aya: Aww~, watching everyone dance makes me want to get up and join them!
Aya: Eve-chan, you can do it~! Saya-chan, Arisa-chan, keep going~!
Aya: Kasumi-chan, Rimi-chan, Tae-chan, Misaki-chan...
Aya: Hagumi-chan, you can do it~!
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... *phew* I-it's finally over...
Misaki: Dancing in front of everyone is easily the most embarrassing thing ever...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan... I got the dance mixed up...
Tae: Really? I thought it was really cute how you were waving your arms like an octopus, you know?
Rimi: Urgh... don't say that, O-Tae-chan~.
Eve: Dancing is truly wonderful! I felt like our hearts were unified!
Saya: I really know what you mean~!
Kasumi: Playing shows is fun, but dancing like this with everyone is really fun too~!
Hagumi: Yeah, this is what I was talking about! The feeling of just totally getting into it and moving about!
Hagumi: I love this feeling! I had so much fun out there~!
Saya: Yeah, you totally looked like you were having the time of your life, Hagumi.
Eve: Yes, her dance was so wonderful I'm sure it made everyone smile!
Hagumi: Ehehe, really~?
Saya: Let's try and do the same thing, and just enjoy the rest of the events without thinking about it all too much.
Hagumi: Y-yeah...! I'll give it a shot!
(Black cut)
Aya: The final event is up next. Aww, I'm getting nervous...
Eve: The red team and the white team have almost equal scores... Which means the final relay will decide which team is the winner, right?
Hagumi: ... Ahh. The relay is going to decide everything...
Saya: Hagumi, they want all the relay runners to go to the starting line.
Hagumi: S-sure...
Hagumi: (I thought the dance would help me stop thinking about everything, but when it comes to the relay, I...)
Hagumi: (If I win then it's going to be like the softball tournament again. I'm going to make the people on the white team sad...)
Aya: Hagumi-chan, try not to think about it too much. Just have fun running.
Eve: That's right! Give the race everything you've got!
Misaki: ... Hey, Hagumi.
Hagumi: H-hu, Mii-kun?! Wh-what are you doing in the red team area?
Misaki: I came over to check on you since you're over here looking troubled even though you're supposed to be at the starting line.
Misaki: ... You've got lots of things going through your head, right?
Hagumi: ... Yeah.
Misaki: ... You don't have to do it if you don't want to, you know? If you really don't want to win, you could just hold back a bit.
Hagumi: Huh...? Hold back? I-I'm not gonna do that!
Misaki: But that's the problem, right? If you don't want to see the other team be sad, then you just have to lose.
Misaki: If you lose on purpose and let the white team win, then everyone on that team will be happy.
Misaki: In exchange for that, everyone on the red team that cheered for you might end up being sad though.
Hagumi: Ah...
Misaki: If it's a matter of winning and losing, the people who don't win are going to lose, and the people who don't lose are going to win. That's just how is has to be.
Hagumi: ... M-Mii-kun.
Eve: Hagumi-san...! A warrior always fights to the very end! That is the honor of a warrior!
Hagumi: Eve-chin...
Kasumi: Hagu~! Arisa told me everything! Don't hold back or anything and just give it everything you've got!
Arisa: Aren't you supposed to be on the other team?!
Kasumi: When we raced against each other earlier, it was so cool how you ran right past me like that!
Hagumi: Kaa-kun...
Kasumi: It didn't matter that it was a race. It was just so exciting! You were awesome, Hagu!
Hagumi: I-I was just...
Kasumi: I wanna see that awesome kinda Hagu again!
Saya: ... See, Hagumi? You beat Kasumi, but look how much fun she had? Seems to me that losing is more than just a sad experience.
Kasumi: Yeah! It felt so good just having a full on race like that! I didn't even care about who won in the end!
Aya: There's no point cheering you on unless you give it all you've got, Hagumi-chan!
Arisa: That's right! I can't run to save my life, but I still gave it my best! ... Even if I did come last.
Saya: Go get 'em, Hagumi! Run as fast as you can and make the red team win!
Hagumi: You guys...
Hagumi: ... O-okay.
Hagumi: ... Thanks... you guys... I'll do my best... and give it everything I've got!
