event22-04 Chapter 3: What's Everyone's Bento Like?

Time for a lunch break. Everyone is showing off their unique bentos when Saya decides to talk to Hagumi...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Lunch Break]

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Hagumi: Ehehe, I'm starving~!
Saya: Guys, let's eat our bentos together! We'll be able to do better in the afternoon with some food in our bellies!
Eve: You can't wage war on an empty stomach! Isn't that right?
Aya: Ehehe~ I worked extra hard on my bento today♪ Look everyone~! It's super cute~!
Saya: ... U-umm~. Is this... chirashizushi or something...?
Aya: Ch-chirashizushi...? No, it's... No waaay!!
Eve: A-Aya-san? What's the matter?
Aya: I-I put so much effort into making it~! ... *gasp* I must've put it in my bag sideways!
Hagumi: But but but, those little sausage octopuses look really good! Let me trade you for one later!
Aya: *sniff*... Thanks, Hagumi-chan.
Saya: Okay, next up is Arisa! What's your bento like?
Arisa: Mine is... There we go...
Saya: Whoa, a layered bento! Why did you bring so much food?!
Arisa: M-my grandma wanted us to share it, so she went a bit overboard in the kitchen... *sigh*
Eve: Simmered shrimp, rolled eggs...! This is amazing! This bento has everything a Japanese bento should have!
Arisa: Now you're definitely exaggerating! Anyway, what did you bring, Saya?
Saya: I want the red team to win, so I packed a katsu sandwich! I even made it with bright-red ketchup to match our team~.
Hagumi: Wow, that looks really good! Katsu and ketchup might be a good combination!
Eve: ... Oh, I get it! "Katsu" can also mean "to win" in Japanese, so that's why you chose it!
Saya: In Japan, we like to be auspicious with stuff like that. So what's in your bento, Eve?
Eve: This is what I brought! A warrior's resolution is most important, and the food of a warrior is a nigirimeshi!
Arisa: Nigirimeshi... uh, a rice ball, you mean?
Eve: The warriors in period dramas call them nigirimeshi. I prefer to do so too!
Arisa: ... Well, I guess if that's your preference then sure, why not...?
Eve: ... I also cooked one more thing. In Finland, this is called a "Karelian pasty."
Hagumi: Huh? K-kareri... Karepa...? Umm...?
Eve: A Karelian pasty! It is mashed potato or egg butter baked into a pastry.
Arisa: What happened to your warrior's preferences?! Now you're onto something from a totally different culture! Pastry and potato... That's like a carbs explosion!
Aya: Hey~! I wanna see your bento too, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Sure! I packed my bento full of our all-famous croquettes! That, and...!
Aya: Wow! Your riceball is so cute♪ It's supposed to be Michelle, right?
Saya: Oh, you're right! She used pink fish flakes to make it look just like Michelle!
Arisa: ... Did you make that yourself, Kitazawa-san?
Hagumi: Yeah! My dad made the croquettes, but the rest was all me!
Eve: Wow! It's so cute it almost feels like a shame to eat it!
Arisa: Kitazawa-san... You like cute stuff, huh...? I'm kinda surprised...
Hagumi: Ehehe, really? I love Michelle! I worked really hard to make the riceball! Let's share it!
Eve: Let's all enjoy eating Michelle's head and do our best in the afternoon events!
Arisa: Could you not phrase it like that?!
(Black cut)
Aya: Mmm, that was delicious! Thanks for trading snacks, everyone~!
Eve: We ate ketchup katsu sandwiches, so now I'm sure the red team will be victorious!
Arisa: So? What's the score situation like?
Saya: Umm... I think our team is ahead, but only by a little.
Aya: As long as we keep working hard in the afternoon events, I'm sure we can win!
Eve: Yes! Let's emerge victorious!
Hagumi: ...
Saya: ... Hagumi?
Hagumi: ... Hm? Wh-what's up, Saya?
Saya: ... I've been thinking about this recently, but you always seem a bit down whenever the topic of the Sports Day comes up, huh?
Hagumi: Th-that's not true!
Saya: But like, even just now you were looking at the scoreboard and thinking about something, right?
Hagumi: ...
Saya: If you don't want to talk about it that's fine, but if there's something on your mind, you can talk to me. We on the same team and we're friends too, you know?
Hagumi: S-Saya...
