event22-07 Ending: Run, Hagumi!

Hagumi, the anchor for the red team, takes the baton in hand. How will the competition turn out?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Starting Line]

Announcer: We are now going to hold the final event of the day, the Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy relay.
Track Judge: On your marks, get ready...
Hagumi: I-it's on...! The white team's taken the lead!
Hagumi: (If we don't close the lead at the next corner... Ah! They're getting ahead...! This is looking bad...)
Hagumi: ... I've gotta run extra hard! I want everyone to see me doing my best!
Announcer: The red team just exchanged its baton! Next up is the anchor runner.
Hagumi: (I-I'm up... I know what I've gotta do...)
Red Team Member: Go, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Got it! I'm... gonna win this!
Aya: Look~! Hagumi-chan just took the baton!
Saya: Go get 'em, Hagumi~!
Eve: You can do it, Hagumi-san~!
Arisa: G-go~! Kitazawa-san~!
Kasumi: Wh-whoa, Hagu's so fast! She's going to overtake the white team runner...!
Tae: Go white team~!
Rimi: U-u-um... g-good luck, everyone~!
Misaki: ...
(Black cut)

[Hanasakigawa Sports Field - Red Team Area]

Announcer: The relay marks the completion of the events for the day. Thank you for your sportsmanship! We will soon conduct the closing ceremony.
Hagumi: *huff*... *puff*... It's over...
Saya: Hagumi, good job~! You did it! You gave me goosebumps when you sprinted right past the white team runner at the end!
Eve: Hagumi-san! That was an amazing run that even a ninja couldn't match!
Arisa: Thanks to Kitazawa-san we won the relay, so does that mean the red team won overall?
Aya: Yeah, that's right! And it's all thanks to Hagumi-chan! Yay! We did it~♪
Hagumi: You guys...
Kasumi: Hagu! That was amazing! I got so emotional watching you!
Tae: Me too. It was like reading the last book of a manga series.
Arisa: That depends on the manga!
Rimi: I-m in the white team, but when I saw you running like that, I wanted to cheer for both teams, Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: I honestly thought that the white team might be able to win it since they had a good lead, but... you ran like the wind, Hagumi.
Hagumi: But... the white team lost, you guys? Doesn't that bug you?
Kasumi: Of course it does! It totally does! But we all got to give it everything we've got too, so there was just something really fun about it all.
Tae: It's a little frustrating, but it makes me smile too, I guess.
Hagumi: It bugs you, but it was still fun...? But when we won that softball game, the other team... ah!
Hagumi: ... That's right! I just remembered!
Saya: ... Huh? Remembered what?
Hagumi: After we made that comeback and won, we all shook hands with the other team...!
Hagumi: The only thing I could remember was the look on their faces the moment the game ended, but... they were smiling when we shook hands!
Misaki: They probably gave it their best that day too, just like everyone did today.
Hagumi: ... Yeah! I was so caught up on how I didn't like seeing the other team look sad or frustrated...
Hagumi: I hate seeing my friends look sad too... if there's something bothering someone, I want to help them and put a smile back on their face!
Misaki: Seems like you've worked it out, huh? Guess that's what makes you the bassist for Hello, Happy World! ...
Hagumi: Ehehe♪ In games or competitions or whatever... Even if it's our opponents, I want to show them a match that'll make them smile!
Hagumi: Not just in sports either, but band stuff too! I'm gonna make our competitors, the audience, everyone smile!
Saya: Yep, that's our Hagumi. Okay, I think it's time for the ceremony, we should make a move.
Aya: That's true, Hagumi-chan needs to go up and collect the trophy.
Hagumi: Whaaat?! Why do I have to do that?
Arisa: It'd kind of like a rule that the anchor runner of the winning team accepts it.
Eve: Hagumi-san, thank you!
Hagumi: Okay, I'll go do my thing! ... Oh, hey!
Hagumi: Here's to the red team's victory... Banzai~~~!!
All: Banzai~~~!!
