event176-01 Opening: By Me, For Me!

When Toko is told a show can't be done, she comes up with a wild solution.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Hey, everyone! We all having fuuun~?!
Toko: Ahaha, thanks~! It feels so good to hear all your voices!
Toko: Alright, let's get to the next song then! C'mon, Shiro!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: ... Is basically how my dream went~.
Mashiro: A sold-out concert in an arena...? That sounds like a dream...
Rui: ...? That's because it was, though.
Mashiro: I-I know, but that's not what I meant...!
Nanami: You sounded more excited than normal today, Toko-chan. Was it because of that dream?
Toko: Oh, you could tell? I've been itching to play ever since I woke up this morning. I'd be down to play a concert right now if we could!
Tsukushi: Sorry to break it to you, but it doesn't look like we'll be playing any concerts anytime soon.
Toko: Is there really nothing we can do about that? I'm totally free tomorrow, you know.
Tsukushi: Your schedule's got nothing to do with it! I told you, there isn't a live house around us that isn't completely booked for the near future.
Toko: Ugh. The fact that me in the mood that I'm in right now can't play a show is like, a total loss for mankind. Don't you think?
Mashiro: For mankind...? Wow...
Nanami: Well, if nothing else, we get that you really want to play a concert~.
Rui: I think it would be prudent to put that motivation and the long period of time before our next performance to good use, Kirigaya-san.
Toko: Good use, huh...? Hm~...
Toko: I know! What about we hold a TOKO fashion show for my new line? I've been thinking about doing one for a while now, actually~.
Tsukushi: N-No, Toko-chan. She means she wants you to practice more because of how much time we've got!
Toko: What? But I've already decided on the fashion show.
Mashiro: That was fast...
Nanami: So you've given up on the concert idea, then?
Toko: No way, are you kidding? I really, really wanna play!!
Toko: Ah. Wait. A fashion show and a concert... What if we just did both?
Tsukushi: A fashion show...?
Mashiro: And a concert...?
Rui: What do you mean?
Toko: I meeean, we can just do both things at the same place on the same day! How great of an idea is that?!
Tsukushi: I just reminded you earlier, but all the live houses around here are fully booked, remember?
Tsukushi: And I don't think they'd be okay with you trying to hold a fashion show in a live house, either.
Toko: Does the location really matter though? We could do it in an arena or something.
Mashiro: An arena...? No way, this isn't a dream...
Toko: Ahh, there it is, Shiro's negativity... Fusuke! Tell her off!
Tsukushi: I've got to side with Mashiro-chan on this one. You've got to think more realistically, Toko-chan!
Toko: You too, Fusuke?! Ugh~. Why d'you all gotta decide stuff's impossible from the start~? I'm telling you, we could pull it off!
Toko: Ah, while we're at it, we could call in some celebrities to do a talk show too! And a pro dance unit to really crank up the heat! And then~...
Nanami: How about a meet and greet with you?
Toko: You're hired!
Nanami: Yay~. I'm employed~.
Tsukushi: Don't encourage her, Nanami-chan!
Tsukushi: Rui-san, say something, please. There's no telling how crazy her plans are going to get if we let her imagination run wild.
Rui: She can do what she wants.
Mashiro: Rui-san's face... It's as if this has nothing to do with her...!
Tsukushi: Rui-san~!!
Toko: Haha, I'm feeling super pumped right now~!
Toko: Alright, it's settled! An event by me, for m-... No, an event for all high school girls, all over the world! Coming soon!
Toko: And that event's name is... "The Super TOKO Collection!" How's that? We can call it TOCO for short!
Tsukushi: I'm telling you, anyone with common sense would tell you that a high schooler holding an event in an arena is impossible!
Toko: Except I make the impossible possible~.
Tsukushi: Gosh~... I'm always wondering this, but where on Earth does your self-confidence come from?
Toko: It comes from the fact that I've literally never messed up anything I've put my mind to!
Rui: Sigh... I think it is about time we returned to practice.
Mashiro: Oh, look at the time...
Nanami: Time to get back in the game and focus, focus~.
Tsukushi: That means no more thinking about events and stuff, Toko-chan!
Toko: Hey, I know practice is key and all that. Just watch and witness the universe's greatest guitarist get to work~!
