event176-02 Chapter 1: Coming Together Great

Toko begins preparing for TOCO, but there are tons of details to be worked out.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Toko: So I've basically got the place settled for TOCO already. Let's make this concert a blast, guys!
Tsukushi: ...... Huh?
Toko: Did you not hear me? I said, I've got a place for TOCO, so-
Tsukushi: I-I heard! I was just surprised, that's all... I mean, didn't you just come up with that event yesterday?
Nanami: Even my I didn't foresee things moving at this pace~.
Mashiro: Y-You didn't actually rent out an entire arena, did you...?!
Toko: Not this time!
Toko: I asked a friend who's super used to event planning for advice, and she told me about a really good park we can use! Seems like a place you can book in a cinch, so I figured we'd roll with it.
Toko: I took a peek at pictures of the place, and it looks like it'd feel really good to play a concert there!
Mashiro: So you decided just off of pictures...
Nanami: An outdoor concert, huh~...? Sounds like we've got a lot of stuff to prep, then.
Toko: How's it any different from playing at a live house?
Tsukushi: It's completely different. We've got to bring and set up all the equipment ourselves, and there's a huge difference in acoustics between playing outside and inside!
Toko: Ah~. Huh. Well, we'll work out the details somehow later!
Mashiro: Th-That's not very reassuring...
Toko: Hm? Why not?
Rui: Because she is worried whether you can actually accomplish everything you are planning despite the lack of a concrete plan.
Toko: I told you all yesterday that it's gonna work out, didn't I?!  Besides, my plans for TOCO are coming together great.
Mashiro: They're coming together...? If you'd said just now that everything was already planned out, then maybe...
Toko: Well in any case, it's gonna be awesome cause Morfonica's gonna be the main act! Oh, and the TOKO fashion show's definitely happening too!
Tsukushi: What else?
Toko: Dunno yet.
Tsukushi: Then you basically don't have anything planned, do you~?! You could have at least estimated how many people you wanted to come before reserving a place!
Toko: Then let's just say around three.
Tsukushi: Three...? You mean three hundred people?
Toko: No way, are you kidding? Three hundred million!
Tsukushi: That's more than the entire population of Japan!
Toko: That sorta stuff's no big deal at all. I told you, don't sweat the small stuff!
Toko: Alright, then I'm leaving the concert to you, Rui.
Rui: ... I may have misheard... but I feel as if I was just entrusted with something...
Toko: You are the concert planner, after all.
Rui: That is news to me.
Toko: Huh? Didn't I say? Well, I said it now! I'm counting on you!
Rui: I would appreciate if you did not decide such things on your own.
Toko: Aw, c'mon! I'm handling the fashion show, so there's no better choice for the concert than you, Rui!
Rui: I was referring to my own convenience, not yours.
Tsukushi: Stop, you two! Stop! No fighting!
Nanami: Rui-rui, why don't you give it a shot? We'll help, too. After all, Toko-chan did come up with this event because she wanted to give Morfonica a chance to play...
Rui: Setting aside the matter of the concert, I fail to see how a fashion show has anything to do with Morfonica's activities.
Mashiro: But she's already booked that park...
Rui: There should still be enough time to cancel the booking. If it is a park, then I assume we need to contact the city. Kirigaya-san, call them immediately.
Toko: I don't wanna!
Tsukushi: You don't wanna?! You're not a baby, so at least explain why...!
Toko: I just really don't wanna. No matter what, I'm deeefinitely making TOCO happen.
Toko: I already know it's gonna be incredible. And that means we have to do it!
Rui: What a spoiled brat...
Mashiro: B-By the way, what park did you reserve? I know there's a kids' park near Tsukinomori...
Toko: Uh, you know. That park. The forest park a few stations down. Their event space just happened to be open, you see~.
Mashiro: A forest park...? Do you mean the one with the big lake? The one that's famous for its fall colors...?
Tsukushi: That park's event space is huge, isn't it...?
Rui: It is used by professional groups quite often for concerts. While it is obviously not the size of an arena, it should still be able to host many more people than the live houses around here can.
Mashiro: W-We're going to be playing at a place that big...?!
Toko: Hey, there's some sorta saying for this, right? Like, small sucks, big rules, or something?
Nanami: Do you mean, "the bigger the better?"
Toko: Yeah, that!
Rui: The saying you should learn to remember is, "less is more."
Toko: Never heard of anything like that, but anyway! With a space that big, we can do everything we want, right?
Rui: Sigh...
Rui: Then could you at least decide what exactly it is that you want to do? And quickly. We cannot begin planning for the concert if you do not.
Nanami: Ah. Rui-rui gave in.
Rui: Any further debate with Kirigaya-san at this point would simply be a waste of time.
Rui: If there is anything else you have planned, then please, write it all down on a sheet of paper.
Toko: Anything else I wanna do, huh~...? Oh! Then let's go shopping, everyone!
Tsukushi: W-Wait, what?
Toko: You know I'm the type of girl whose creative juices really get going when I'm hanging out with people, right? Besides, I've gotta get stuff for the fashion show, too!
Toko: C'mon, a little Morfonica hang out session every once in a while won't hurt anyone.
Nanami: A hang out session~...? Count me in~.
Tsukushi: Ah~, not you too, Nanami-chan...
Nanami: Come on, Tsu-chan! Let's all hang out together! I'm sure it'll be fun~.
Tsukushi: I-I mean, I guess, but~...
Toko: Alright, that's three people! Shiro, Rui?
Rui: Would you even listen if I refused?
Mashiro: I-I'll go, sure. Shopping with everyone...!
Tsukushi: Where did you have in mind? I'd prefer a place we're all familiar with, personally.
Mashiro: Then how about... the mall...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
