event176-06 Chapter 5: Their Best Selves

Many people show up at TOCO, and there are lots of familiar faces...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Day Of The Super TOKO Collection]

[Event Area]

Nanami: Wow~. Look at all the people. Shiro-chan, are you keeping up?
Mashiro: S-Somehow... Rui-san should be finishing up prepping for the concert, right?
Nanami: Yeah. She said she'd do some final checks with the sound team and then meet up with us... Ah. That might be half her head poking up over the rest of the crowd over there.
Nanami: Hey~. Rui-rui~.
Rui: Hiromachi-san, Kurata-san. So this is where you were.
Nanami: Yup. We decided to move because of all the people. Looks like TOCO's a huge success~.
???: There you are! Rui-chan! I know that's gotta be you!
Rui: ...?
Himari: Hey, hi there~!
Nanami: Whoa, Himarin-senpai~.
Lisa: Ran and I are here too☆
Ran: Hey.
Mashiro: Ah! H-Hello...!
Rui: Hello. I assume Kirigaya-san invited you?
Himari: Yup! Toko-chan said we'd definitely love it here and gave us some tickets~.
Himari: So hey, did Toko-chan design these silicon wristbands we're using as passes? Or did you all design them together? They're so stylish~!
Himari: I saw your ads online, too! "Where all high school girls can become their best selves..." That picture was so, so, so cool~!
Mashiro: Um... Thank you...?
Ran: Himari. You're weirding Mashiro out.
Himari: Ah! Sorry! I've just been having so much fun ever since we got here, I just...!
Lisa: I totally know what you mean~. It's the atmosphere here... or maybe it's the people♪
Ran: So, where's Toko?
Nanami: She's in that booth over there. See that gelato stand?
Himari: I wonder if she'd notice if we waved at her... Toko-chan~!
Toko: Ah! Hi there! You all came!
Ran: I mean, you invited us...
Himari: I'd definitely have come even without the invite. I mean, it's an event hosted by the super-mega influencer TOKO, after all!
Lisa: I've got a lot of friends that like fashion shows and makeup that said they were coming too. I told them about Morfonica's concert! Good luck!
Toko: Seriously? Wait, if our senpais advertised for us, that must mean the entire Haneoka student body's probably coming!
Rui: ... Kirigaya-san. Is it not about time you begin preparations for the fashion show?
Toko: Oh shoot, I've gotta hurry! I'll see you all later~! Come watch us play, okay~?!
Lisa: As usual, she comes and goes like a hurricane~.
Tsugumi: Huh? Everyone.
Eve: Hello!
Himari: Tsugu! Eve-chan!
Tsugumi: Um, do you know where Tsukushi-chan is? I heard she was going to be working here today...
Nanami: Tsu-chan? She's running that booth over there~. See?
Tsukushi: Let's use this hairpin as the finishing touch, and done! What do you think...?
Girl: Wow~, it's totally different from how I usually do my hair...! It's so cute! Thank you!
Tsukushi: No, thank you! Enjoy the rest of TOCO, okay?
Eve: Tsukushi-chan! How is the hairdressing going?
Tsukushi: Eve-senpai, Tsugumi-senpai! You actually came!
Rui: How does the workload feel? Do you have enough staff?
Tsukushi: We're doing totally fine here, Rui-san! Whether it's cleaning the booth or managing the lines, everyone's been super helpful.
Nanami: Seriously though, it was kind of a shock to hear that you wanted to set up your own booth here at TOCO.
Tsukushi: To tell you the truth... When we went to the department store, it sort of popped up in my head that... this might be kind of fun, you know?
Nanami: Did you think of it at that cosmetics shop?
Tsukushi: Yeah... When I saw myself with my hair down and that lipstick on, it made my heart race so fast... It made me really happy.
(White cut)
Tsukushi: At the time, I was so embarrassed, I took everything off and redid my hair right away, but...
Tsukushi: After I got home, it hit me that spending a whole day looking like that might have felt really nice.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Which is why I thought that, if we could help others feel the same way I did at that shop here at this event today, it'd be a lot of fun...
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan... I think your plan worked out great.
Tsugumi: Yeah. That last girl looked like she loved it. You heard how happy she sounded, right?
Tsukushi: ... ! I'm so glad I spoke up about what I wanted to do...!
Rui: I believe it is about time for you to take a break, by the way. The first band playing today is already about to step on stage. We should begin our preparations as well.
Tsukushi: It's that time already?! I'll be right over after I clean up here! You all head over to the dressing room first!
Tsukushi: Thanks so much for coming today, Tsugumi-senpai, Eve-senpai! Please come watch us play if you'd like!
Eve: Of course! Please style my hair after you are done! I am very much looking forward to it!
Tsukushi: Sure!
(Black cut)

[Offstage]

Mashiro: Are Tsukushi-chan and Toko-chan alright...? We're almost up...
Toko: I'm sooo laaate~!!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, stop! We're supposed to wait over here~!!
Toko: Y-You're right...! What, you're all here already?! Man, I barely made it...!
Nanami: Did you both run here? You sound really out of breath. Are you gonna be okay?
Toko: I-I dunno... I've been reeeeally busy today...!
Toko: But... today's also been suuuper fun!
Tsukushi: Same here...!
Tsukushi & Toko: Fufufu...!
Rui: It seems we are up.
Toko: Then let's go! The real deal starts here!
Nanami: Now that I think about it, the whole idea for TOCO started from you wanting to do a show, didn't it?
Rui: Anything left to Kirigaya-san will inevitably grow to ridiculous proportions.
Toko: Phew... Ahh... Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Good day and hi, everyone! We all having fuuun~?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
