event176-07 Ending: Wider x Wider

After TOCO, the girls are at the atelier. Tsukushi has a smile on her face.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Fufu...♪
Nanami: Tsu-chan, what are you staring at on your phone?
Tsukushi: I actually just got sent a picture from one of the people that came to my booth at TOCO. See?
Nanami: Oh, her hair looks really cute.
Tsukushi: Fufu. Getting it to look like this is actually pretty easy! She asked for something that she could learn to do by herself.
Tsukushi: She sent a picture of her own attempt too, actually... Ta-da!
Nanami: Wow, you're right. It looks great~.
Tsukushi: A bunch of other people that came to the booth sent me messages, too.
Tsukushi: I've even got some asking me for recommendations on what they should do with their hair tomorrow!
Mashiro: Did you exchange contact info with that many people?
Tsukushi: Yeah. There were a lot of people that were the type you'd never see around Tsukinomori, so I was kind of nervous at first, but they were all super nice to me.
Mashiro: W-Wow...
Nanami: I actually exchanged info with a few people, too. A lot of them saw our show and came to talk to me~.
Nanami: They said they don't normally go to live houses, but now that they've seen us play, they're thinking about checking CiRCLE out. They told me they're looking forward to our next show~.
Mashiro: There were people who came to talk to me, too, but I didn't trade info with anyone...
Mashiro: Rui-san, you probably did the same, right?
Rui: I exchanged information with the staff working at the venue. After all, I needed to be able to contact them for meetings and during the event.
Mashiro: O-Oh. Ugh...
Tsukushi: Wasn't there a girl you were having a lot of fun talking to during rehearsal, though?
Nanami: She was one of the staff in charge of setup, right? Rui-rui might have her number, actually.
Mashiro: R-Really?
Rui: There is a group chat set up for event staff. I believe all members of Morfonica should already be in it, however.
Mashiro: Oh... That's right...!
Nanami: Good for you, Shiro-chan.
Tsukushi: Try sending her a message later!
Mashiro: But it's already been a few days since the event... Wouldn't she think it's weird if I suddenly messaged her...? Maybe the next time Toko-chan comes up with something, I could...
Nanami: Aw, enough with that. I bet she'd love to get a message from you.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan said it herself, right? "If you figure you'll fail before you even try, and you don't even bother seeing if you'll actually fail, then you'll 100% fail anyway..."
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: Fu, fufufu... That is a lot of "fails."
Mashiro: But... you're right... I'll... I'll give it a shot...
Tsukushi: Good.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan's next event, huh...? TOCO was a lot of fun, but there was so much work involved in setting things up, so I think I might be good for now.
Rui: I would prefer if TOCO did not become a common occurrence.
Nanami: You two did take care of a lot, huh~. You even had to keep tabs on Toko-chan's progress.
Nanami: Ah, speaking of which...
Toko: Yes! First place~!! ... Wait, huh? What, you're all here already?!
Rui: Of course we are. Practice begins in three minutes. Now hurry up and get ready.
Toko: Rui~, you don't gotta be all snippy like that! I can get ready in seconds if I really want to.
Toko: First the guitar~, then my music~... Hmm~mm~♪
Mashiro: Toko-chan's in a good mood today...
Tsukushi: She's probably happy because TOCO was a great success. She's been like this ever since the event ended.
Rui: ... ? I do not see a difference, personally.
Mashiro: So Toko-chan's always like that in your mind, Rui-san...
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, can we start practice yet?
Toko: Okay~!
Toko: ... Wait! Hold on, actually! I'm getting a call!
Toko: Hey, what's up~? ... Mm... Huh~... Ah~...
Mashiro: Do you think it's a friend...?
Nanami: She's been getting calls ever since TOCO, even when she's at school. Maybe she's expanded her friend circle even more~.
Nanami: I hear she's been getting feedback from a lot of people too.
Tsukushi: Huh. It was a lot of work, but I'm glad we saw it through to the end...
Toko: ... Huh? Ahh~, well, whatever. Sounds good to me!
Toko: Ah, that's right. Then let's meet at that department store, sixth floor.
Toko: Huh? Do I need to check it out first? Nah~, I think I'm good. I saw the pics already.
Tsukushi: ... Hm? What is she talking about...?
Toko: Number of guests? Probably... Three hundred million? Around that much, at least. I mean, I'm organizing it, so...
Tsukushi: N-No... She couldn't be... Again?! W-Wait! Toko-chan, stooop~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
