event176-05 Chapter 4: For All High School Girls

On their way back from shopping, the look on Tsukushi's face is complicated.

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Residential Area]

Toko: Whew~. So much got figured out today~. I knew I had it in me!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, that's all you've been saying for a while now.
Toko: Ah, hold up. Phone's ringing... Hm? It's from city hall?
Tsukushi: City hall...?
Toko: Yes, this is Kirigaya. Yes. I see... About the park...?
Toko: ... What? Really?! Ahh~, got it. I'll have a new copy written up right away... Thanks~.
Tsukushi: Wh-What's wrong? Did something happen?
Toko: Sounds like something got messed up in the paperwork I handed in to reserve the park. I've gotta resubmit the application~.
Tsukushi: You've got to properly proofread things before you turn them in, you know? There's deadlines on these sorts of things.
Toko: I dunno how I'm supposed to feel when you're the one telling me that...
Tsukushi: H-Hey, I've learned from my mistakes! I always triple-check things before handing them in now...!
Toko: For real? Go, Fusuke!
Toko: I guess I'll probably have to do the same, huh~... Ughhh~...
Tsukushi: ... Did you want me to do it for you?
Toko: Really?! Fusuke, you're the best!! I'm no good at this sorta stuff, so that'd seriously help! That's our class pres for you!
Tsukushi: Sure. If you've got a copy of the papers you need to hand in, make sure you don't forget to bring them to me, okay?
Toko: Oh, you didn't go "fufu!" like you normally do...
Tsukushi: I-I don't always do that, you know!
Toko: Huh. Really? That was totally a "fufu" moment though.
Tsukushi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tsukushi: Here, Toko-chan. The paperwork's finished. I made sure to check a bunch of times, so it should be all ready to hand in!
Toko: Yawn~... Ah, thanks~...
Tsukushi: What a yawn... Did you get enough sleep yesterday?
Toko: Yeah, I did! It's just that prepping for TOCO and guitar practice means that every day's been super busy, that's all.
Toko: I put out a call online looking for workers for TOCO, right? Just responding to all my friends who hit me up actually takes loads of time~.
Toko: Even right now, I'm working on the schedule for TOCO, and it feels like I need two more Tokos to help~.
Toko: If something doesn't fit in the schedule right, I've gotta start all over from scratch. It's like a big puzzle that I can't figure out... I even got up early for this~...
Tsukushi: You got up early...? But didn't you say you normally get up at five in the morning?
Toko: Yeah. That's why I got up at three today.
Tsukushi: Th-Three?! In the morning?!
Toko: Well, what else can I do? If I start lagging behind on prep, Rui's gonna get mad at me.
Tsukushi: I know you've got to hurry since there's not much time left, but...
Toko: Yawn~...
Tsukushi: Hm~... Okay. I'll help. I'm worried whether you can actually make it in time, after all. Let's finish this together!
Toko: Really?! Fusuke... You've been so awesome these past few days...!
Tsukushi: Fufu... So? When's the deadline for this schedule?
Toko: Rui told me to show her tomorrow morning...
Tsukushi: T-Tomorrow?! Okay, then let's get to work...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

Tsukushi: With this, we should be-
Toko: Dooone~!!
Toko: Seriously, Fusuke, thanks so much!
Tsukushi: You're welcome. You were right though... Putting it all together really was like doing a puzzle.
Tsukushi: I mean, you really did pack this event full of things you want to do, Toko-chan.
Toko: Look at my shifts! We've got my schedule right down to the minute. This is hilarious!
Tsukushi: It's not hilarious! Toko-chan, you're going to be absolutely swamped with work during this event, you know.
Toko: But that just makes it that much more fun! We've got the fashion show, the TOKO brand exhibition, gelato, our concert, the makeup corner~...
Tsukushi: Makeup... That reminds me, I'm impressed you actually found a store willing to supply you with samples to use.
Toko: Ah, well, my family runs a kimono shop, so we've got some connections with cosmetics companies.
Toko: The place I asked normally produces stuff for theater, but lately they've been trying to branch out into makeup for young people, so they were totally happy to help!
Toko: You should definitely go all in at the event, Fusuke. I made sure anyone helping with TOCO gets free rein on using their stuff.
Toko: Ah, and I told the staff to just sit and keep watch! Nothing more than that!
Tsukushi: Oh... That does make it easier for girls like me who get nervous about that sort of thing.
Tsukushi: And it's not just makeup, you've got TOKO brand clothing on sale too... It sounds like TOCO will help a lot of girls become the people they dream of being.
Toko: Become the people they dream of being, huh~... That's really good! I'll have Nanami add that to the flyers.
Tsukushi: Hehe... It'll definitely be a lot of fun, huh? Wearing cute clothes, trying on makeup, and...
Tsukushi: And...
Toko: Hm? What's up?
Tsukushi: Um... Well...
Tsukushi: To tell you the truth, there's something I want to do at TOCO, too...
Toko: Huh? Really?
Tsukushi: But it's too late now, right?! The schedule's already been settled, after all...!
Toko: Jeez, you gotta say this sorta stuff earlier~.
Toko: Alright, this schedule's out! Let's come up with a new one!
Toko: One that includes whatever it is you wanna do!
Tsukushi: Really...? But Toko-chan, you got up at three in the morning to work on this...
Toko: Don't sweat it! After all, this event'll be way more fun with what you wanna do in it, too!
Toko: How many times have I said it? TOCO's an event for all high school girls, all over the world!
Tsukushi: Yeah... Thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
