event176-04 Chapter 3: Speak Up!

Preparations aren't going well, but Toko keeps coming up with more ideas.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping District]

Toko: It was such a good idea, too~... Man, that clerk was so thickheaded. How is not having heard of anything like that before a reason to turn me down?
Toko: Only interested in something if there's a past precedent for it? The heck is that supposed to mean?
Mashiro: While it's true they didn't listen to you at all, it was quite a sudden request...
Toko: What~...? Whatever. In any case, the makeup booth is happening. It's an event for all high school girls, all over the world, after all!
Toko: And the small stuff will work itself out later.
Mashiro: Will it really...?
Tsukushi: I'm back~! I didn't mess up your gelato orders, did I?
Mashiro: Nope. I got the strawberry.
Nanami: Those fruit chunks look really good, huh~? That's why I got the same as Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Toko-chan, yours looks sort of reddish, but that's not strawberry... What flavor did you get?
Toko: Pickled red ginger.
Mashiro: P-Pickled red ginger...?!
Toko: So you see, I actually got hooked on this place's red ginger gelato just recently~. It's gonna blow up, I know it!
Tsukushi: You think so...?
Toko: Just try a bite and you'll see! C'mon, Fusuke. Open up.
Tsukushi: Huh? A-Ahhh...
Tsukushi: ... ! You're right, it actually does taste really good! It's sweet and salty. I've never tasted anything like it before!
Toko: Right?!
Mashiro: It's that good...?
Tsukushi: It is! But I'd never ever think to try it if someone didn't recommend it to me...
Nanami: It's hard to imagine what pickled red ginger gelato could possibly taste like, yeah~.
Toko: Then let's have it at TOCO!
Rui: Here we go again.
Toko: Aw, what's wrong with that idea? It'll be my recommendation, and everyone who tastes it'll love it! That's a win-win in my book!
Tsukushi: It'd be nice if the shop owner agreed to help, but you did just get turned down by the last person you talked to. You can't just spring it on them out of-
Toko: Okay, I'm gonna go ask.
Tsukushi: Th-That's what I mean, you need to prepare a little bit at least first...
(Black cut)

[Five Minutes Later]

Toko: I'm back~.
Nanami: So? It looked like you were talking for a decent amount of time...
Toko: Well~...
Tsukushi: Judging from that, I'm guessing...
Toko: Oh, the owner's totally down to open up shop at TOCO! After I told them it's an event for all high school girls all over the world, they got really excited and were super into the idea!
Tsukushi: What? Really?!
Toko: It's just... there's another flavor on their menu that caught my eye~. I tried some, but I dunno... Having two cold things at the event when it's already this chilly out is kinda~... Y'know?
Mashiro: Oh, thank goodness...
Toko: Hm? What?
Tsukushi: I mean, we kind of figured you got turned down again like before...
Toko: Huh? Why?! I asked two completely different people, so why would that even be an issue?
Mashiro: I mean, that's true, but... I'd get scared to ask again if it were me...
Toko: No idea what you're talking about, but if you get turned down, you get turned down, right? You're not gonna find out unless you ask.
Toko: If you figure you'll fail before you even try, and you don't even bother seeing if you'll actually fail, then you'll 100% fail anyway, no?
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Nanami: It was kind of hard to understand what you just said through all those "fails," but... I think I get what you're trying to say.
Toko: Well then, that settles the food and drinks for the event. We've got the makeup corner, the fashion show, and the concert, too... My event's actually coming together pretty great, huh?
Rui: The ideas have, at least. Though you still have absolutely nothing concrete planned.
Toko: Sigh~. Rui, how many times do I gotta tell you? The ideas are the most important part!
Rui: If you really want this event to succeed, I would advise you not get too ambitious. There are already a mountain of issues that need sorting out.
Toko: I mean, even if you tell me that~...
Nanami: Hey, can I make some flyers then?
Toko: Wait, what?! Really!? You would?! Thanks, Nanami!
Tsukushi: Where'd that come from all of a sudden?
Nanami: Hearing Toko-chan talk made me realize... she's kinda right, you know~?
Nanami: So I figured I'd say what I wanted to do too.
Nanami: How I want to help make TOCO a success.
Toko: Nanami~...!
Mashiro: I-I don't think there's much I can do, but...
Mashiro: I want everyone to like the lyrics to the new song we'll play at the concert... I'll do my best...!
Toko: Shirooo~! Oooh, good girl~!
Mashiro: Wah, Toko-chan, I can't breathe...
Tsukushi: Uh... Then, I'll take care of the paperwork!
Toko: That's the lamest part, though. C'mon, Fusuke! If you're gonna help, you might as well do something fun!
Tsukushi: I-I don't mind doing paperwork, you know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: I'm not you, Toko-chan, so I don't think I can come up with anything cool anyway...
Tsukushi: ...
(Black cut)
