event176-03 Chapter 2: Shopping Excitement

Instead of the mall, Morfonica is taken elsewhere for shopping...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Prestigious Department Store]

(White cut)
Toko: Phew~. This is heavy~! All these stoles and stuff really add up, huh~?
Rui: If it is that much work for you, then perhaps taking the staff's recommendation to simply have it delivered to your home would have been wiser.
Toko: Ugh, they all look so good, though. I wanna start matching them with outfits as soon as I get home.
Nanami: Fufu. You and that lady working there looked like you were having a lot of fun~.
(White cut)
Mashiro: Ugh~...
Tsukushi: What's wrong, Mashiro-chan? Are you feeling tired?
Mashiro: No, I'm okay... It's just, this place isn't anything like the places I usually shop at...
Toko: What, you mean those lions by the entrance? You did looked real scared of them even though they were just statues~.
Mashiro: I-It's not like I was scared of them...! I've just never been to a place that'd have statues like that as decorations in the first place...
Mashiro: Not only that... Every store we passed had very pretty women who'd smile and bow at us, too...
Mashiro: And there were a bunch of them that recognized you all and remembered your names...
Rui: That should not come as a surprise. We have been shopping here from an early age, so it is only natural that some clerks would learn to recognize us.
Mashiro: (Hngh... I want to go back to the mall...)
Tsukushi: So? Have you decided on what you want to do yet, Toko-chan?
Toko: Hm? I came up with a bunch of ideas while we were shopping. That should be enough for today, right?
Tsukushi: Wait, you were being serious about all of those?!
Nanami: Like, "100 Secrets of Toko Kirigaya: The Quiz"?
Rui: I believe there was also the, "All-Audience Rock-Paper-Scissors Tournament," and the "Bingo-Off," as well.
Mashiro: And I think you mentioned a hidden surprise for everyone too... Except you didn't actually come up with a surprise...
Toko: They all sound super fun, right?
Tsukushi: That's easy for you to say! But what actually matters here is whether they're actually possible or not, right?!
Toko: Oh yeah, there was a cosmetics shop I wanted to check out. Let's head there next!
Tsukushi: I'm not done talking yet!
(Black cut)
Toko: Whoa, I love this blush! And this nail polish color is pretty rare!
Nanami: Toko-chan's eyes are sparkling... I don't think we're going to pull her out of her world anytime soon~.
Rui: Are you not going to join her?
Tsukushi: I-I'm fine, thanks. I've only ever gone into cosmetics shops like that with my mom...
Mashiro: There's been this sweet, perfume-like scent coming from that place ever since we got near it... It doesn't feel like a place I'm allowed to enter...
Toko: Ah! This lipstick would definitely look perfect on you, Fusuke! Don't you think? Fu-... Huh?
Toko: There you are. What are you doing all the way over there? Get over here, I found some really cute lipstick for you!
Tsukushi: Don't worry about me, just pick one for yourself...!
Toko: Oh, come on, we'll have the staff put it on for you! It'll look adorable, I'm telling you!
Tsukushi: B-But...
Toko: Excuse me~, I've got a friend here who wants to try this lipstick on!
Clerk: Certainly. If you would pardon me for a moment then, miss.
Toko: Alright! Fusuke! Shut those peepers!
Tsukushi: Whaaat~...?!
Tsukushi: (Ah, my lips feel kind of cold...! But... It smells amazing... Is this lipstick peach-scented...?)
Toko: Nice, nice! You can look now, Fusuke.
Mashiro: Wow... Tsukushi-chan, that color looks really good on you.
Nanami: Tsu-chan, you look super cute~. You look kind of different with your hair down, it's nice~.
Tsukushi: Wh-What's happened to me?!
Rui: There is a mirror here.
(White cut)
Tsukushi: ...!
Toko: How's that?! Now that’s what I call a glow up!
Tsukushi: B-But... Don't you think it's a little too mature for me...?
Nanami: Nope. You look great, Tsu-chan.
Toko: Oh, this new blush would look great, too! Lend me your face for a sec, Fusuke.
Tsukushi: I-I'm fine, thanks! This is enough!
(White cut)
Tsukushi: Sigh... I'm feeling all flushed now, Toko-chan...
Toko: You could've kept your hair down and that lipstick on. If anything, we should've had someone style your hair for you. You like that sort of stuff, don't you?
Tsukushi: I mean, I do, but...
Tsukushi: ... I guess some braids might have looked nice, too...
Clerk: Is there anything else you would like to try?
Tsukushi: Huh?! N-No, thank you! I'm just browsing...!
Clerk: I see. If you have any other questions or requests, please feel free to let me know.
Tsukushi: ... Sigh.
Mashiro: Yeah, I start panicking when they call out to me like that too...
Toko: You should've just got her to help you, though. What, you the type that's afraid of store clerks?
Mashiro: I-I mean, it's so hard to turn them down when they start recommending stuff to you...
Toko: Then just tell them whatever they're trying to sell you isn't your style and move on. Boom.
Tsukushi: That's easier said than done~... Personally, I'd rather try things on by myself or with friends...
Toko: Huh... Is that how it is~...? Well, what if we had an all-you-can-try makeup station at TOCO, then?
Tsukushi: That... actually doesn't sound bad...
Toko: Right?! I've only been using certain brands lately, so this'll give me the chance to try out new products. Two birds, one stone!
Toko: Not only would it make the event more interesting, but letting everyone glam themselves up would totally get the guests hyped too! Man, that's more than two birds, it's like a hundred!
Toko: I'll go ask that clerk from before whether she wants to help with TOCO!
Tsukushi: Huh?! T-Toko-chan, wait!!
