band1-009 Chapter 9: I hate this feeling!

The girls hold a strategy meeting over croquettes. Can they come up with a plan?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: I just wanna enjoy the festival! I wanna feel my heart beat to the sparkle, Arisa~!
Arisa: C-calm down, will you?
Kasumi: I wanna get rid of this icky feeling!
Rimi: It doesn't feel right leaving things this way, does it...
Tae: I think we all feel the same.
Arisa: I'm more annoyed that man was so rude to us back there...
Tae: We didn't stand a chance...
Saya: It doesn't feel good to be so helpless.
Arisa: Well, there's no point in feeling sorry for ourselves. We need to come up with a plan.
Kasumi: Arisa! Are you finally with me?
Arisa: I-I mean... we can't just give up, right?
Arisa: We finally found out who our enemy is.
Rimi: Enemy...
Tae: The people from the city office?
Saya: I don't know about "enemy"... But they are definitely the ones we need to convince.
Rimi: So now we just need to think of how to convince them!
Tae: The final step in our plan.
Kasumi: We can do it! If we all work together, I know we can do it!
Tae: For the community... It's time we had a strategy meeting.
Kasumi: Strategy meeting! Great idea, O-Tae!
Arisa: With some croquettes to help us think.
Kasumi: Croquettes! Even better idea! We can eat and eat and eat and think!
Saya: Less eating, more thinking, I hope.
Kasumi: Okay, okay~!
Kasumi: But first things first, let's eat!
Tae: So fast.
Rimi: I'll try one too.
Kasumi: ... *nom!* Ahh! So good!
Saya: This place really does have the best croquettes in town.
Tae: And they're cheap, too.
Arisa: Not bad at all.
Kasumi: Another one!
Arisa: You'll get fat.
Kasumi: Oof...
Tae: I'm getting another.
Rimi: I think I'll have another one, too.
Kasumi: ...!! Then I'm gonna get one, too!
Saya: There you go, Arisa.
Arisa: I'm good, thanks.
Tae: If we all get fat together, there's no worry.
Saya: Not that any of us want to, exactly.
Kasumi: Arisa~! We've gotta eat together, come on~!
Arisa: ... Fine. Just this once.
Tae: Operation Fatten Up Arisa, success.
Saya: Anyway, as we were saying, the festival...
Kasumi: Let's protest! We'll sit out in the shopping district until they give in!
Arisa: That'll have the complete opposite effect, you know.
Rimi: We could collect donations to fund the festival?
Saya: We would never get enough in time. We don't even know how much we'd need...
Tae: Under cover of dark... we strike them in their sleep... It won't be easy, but...
Kasumi: O-Tae, that's way too dangerous~!
Rimi: We can't come up with any ideas at all.
Saya: I don't know what to do...
Tae: ... I guess it's just too big a task for high schoolers like us.
Arisa: I hate to admit it, but I think you're right.
Rimi: Maybe it is impossible after all...
All: Hrm...
