band1-005 Chapter 5: Star Candy

Tomoe reveals the reason the festival was cancelled. Will Kasumi survive her despair...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Arisa: You look like you have something on your mind.
Rimi: I'm still wondering why the festival was canceled...
Tae: It must have been something important.
Saya: I would never have imagined it would get canceled.
Arisa: Yeah. So many people were looking forward to it, too. They're all gonna want to know why.
Rimi: I bet more people want it to happen than want it canceled, too...
Tae: In other words, it is a conspiracy after all.
Kasumi: Hrm...
Arisa: An unusual grumble from Kasumi. What's the matter now?
Saya: I think she's still in shock... Come on Kasumi, cheer up.
Kasumi: But... but...
Tae: There there, Kasumi.
Kasumi: O-Tae~...
Rimi: It's not going to be the same without the festival this year.
Arisa: And without any candies, either.
Kasumi: The candies... I really wanted us to share them~!
Arisa: Crying isn't going to bring them back.
Saya: She's just upset after getting so excited.
Rimi: Why would they cancel it so suddenly?
Saya: It's everyone's highlight of the year.
Arisa: Adults have their reasons, I guess.
Tae: Stupid adults.
Rimi: I was looking forward to our special star candies, too...
Saya: It really was a great idea.
Tomoe: Hey, Saya. Why all the long faces?
Rimi: Ah... Th-these flyers around town...
Tae: They say the festival's been canceled this year. We're all feeling sad about it.
Tomoe: Oh, yeah. I was kinda looking forward to it myself.
Kasumi: I even asked Michelle, and she said it's all true...
Arisa: I don't think she "said" anything.
Tae: I bet whoever's inside is feeling sad, too.
Rimi: Inside...?!
Saya: We were going to ask at the candy stall for some special sweets, but now we won't get the chance...
Tomoe: That is a really good stall. I visit it every year.
Kasumi: The whole town must be upset over all this...
Tomoe: I'm sure they are. I know I am.
Tae: And we still don't even know the reason why...
Arisa: Not unless Michelle starts blabbing.
Tomoe: The reason? I heard it was a funding issue.
Rimi: A funding issue...? Really?
Tomoe: Yeah. The town suffered some budget cuts recently, and the festival fund had to be let go.
Arisa: Right.
Kasumi: B-but... everyone enjoys it so much!
Saya: They do. It was always filled with people each year.
Kasumi: So why did they have to cut the budget, then?
Tomoe: I don't think it's for us kids to know, really.
Tae: We should find an adult.
Kasumi: We have to get the truth!
Arisa: Tomoe-san literally just told us the truth.
Kasumi: But I wanna know the real reason behind it all!
Arisa: Okay, fine! Just get off me already!
Saya: I mean... there's nothing we can do about a town budget...
Tae: It just gets sadder and sadder.
Tomoe: I'll see you guys later.
Rimi: Thank you, Udagawa-san!
Saya: I guess Tomoe was excited for the festival, too.
Arisa: So she says.
Tae: Excited for the candy, no doubt.
Arisa: ... Snap out of it, Kasumi. We're losing valuable practice time.
Kasumi: A~ri~sa~!
