band1-008 Chapter 8: Typical Villain

The festival has been cancelled and the girls are at their wits end. Will Kasumi give up...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Why... why won't there be any more festivals?!
City Worker: Because there are far better ways to make use of our city budget.
Arisa: Better ways...?
City Worker: We are planning to add a new station building. It will do a lot more good for all our residents than a festival.
Kasumi: But what about what the people want...?! They all want the festival to go on!
City Worker: The people do not know what is good for them. Their feelings are not what is important here!
Kasumi: Th-that's just...
Saya: Our families, our friends, everyone in town... We were all so excited for it...
Tae: This is just... too sad...
Rimi: I really wanted to go to the festival...
City Worker: It has already been decided. For the good of the community, there will be no more festivals. There is nothing to be done about it.
Tae: Like a real-life movie villain...
Rimi: It looks like no one's willing to listen to us...
Arisa: You're wrong... There has to be a way you can bring back the festival. You're just not looking hard enough...!
Kasumi: Yeah, that's right!
Tae: I agree.
Saya: Me too. You should be thinking more about the people.
City Worker: Oh, honestly... You don't even know what you're saying... This matter is beyond your childish comprehension.
Arisa: Wh-what...?!
City Worker: I cannot waste my time with this any longer. Go on, go home.
Rimi: So mean...
Tae: Too blunt...
Saya: So no one's willing to help us, then...
Kasumi: We can't give up yet! What'll happen to the festival~?
Man: I'm sorry, girls. He's always been a very difficult person, rarely ever listens to a word we say.
Saya: It's not looking good... But there must still be a way...
Arisa: Saya, come with me. Everyone else, too.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, wait!
Kasumi: Ahh... All my sparkling feelings have just turned to mulch...
Tae: Kasumi, we should go.
Kasumi: O-Tae~...
Tae: There, there.
Saya: We'll see you again.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... Our enemy's stronger than we thought.
Saya: He just had no time for school girls like us.
Tae: Just like the bad guys on TV.
Rimi: He said there's nothing we can do... Is he right...?
Tae: He should really think more about the people in this community he's always talking about.
Saya: You're right, but how can we get him to understand...?
Arisa: I bet he's never even been to the festival. That's why he doesn't understand.
Rimi: If only he could actually take part in it, maybe he'd change his mind.
Arisa: ... You've been surprisingly quiet, Kasumi.
Rimi: ... Are you mad?
Saya: She does look upset.
Rimi: Are you okay, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: No! I'm very not okay!
Arisa: You still sound like the same loud Kasumi to me.
Kasumi: I'm just feeling so... blegh! Like I just wanna shout!
Tae: I know. Me too.
Kasumi: All our sparkling, all our heart-pounding... It feels like it's slipping away... I want to do something, but I just...!
Kasumi: I just don't know what to do~!
