band1-017 Chapter 17: If at first you don't succeed...

The girls ask city officers to take part in the festival. What will they say?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ahh... I'm getting nervous. I really hope this goes well.
Rimi: I-it will. If we ask strongly and politely, the man from the city office is sure to understand.
Arisa: I dunno.That man is the embodiment of these city suit types. I bet when we try to invite him, he'll tell us how it's "out of office hours" or something.
Kasumi: If that happens...
Rimi: If that happens...?
Kasumi: We'll just have to ask even harder!
Arisa: Yeah, great plan. There's gotta be a better way. Maybe something less pushy.
Tae: Pushy is the Kasumi way.
Kasumi: Yeah! If pushing doesn't work, you push again, and harder!
Arisa: ... Right. I guess you stick with what you're used to, huh. If anything they should understand pressure tactics anyway.
Kasumi: Okay. Let's go! Excuse me~!
Tae: We're coming in.
Rimi: I-I don't think they need a warning...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Kasumi: Hello~? Is the city man...? No, wait, I mean...
Saya: Is the City Office Community Promotions manager here today?
Man: I thought I heard some lively young voices. The manager is currently in a meeting out the back. It appears he's willing to rethink the festival cancellation.
Tae: Really? Thank you very much.
Man: At least, that is the rumor...
City Worker: Oh... It's you five again. What can I help you with now? I'm afraid I don't have much time for the public today.
Arisa: (Says the city suit standing in a local community center...)
Kasumi: Umm... We have something to ask you!
City Worker: And what might that be? I do hope it isn't about budgeting again. I have nothing more to say on the matter.
Kasumi: It's not the budget... it's the festival itself! We would really love for you to be there!
City Worker: Oh, I see. Well, I'm afraid I'll be too busy with the station rebuild.
Saya: So, you won't come?
Arisa: You're the one deciding if the festivals return or not, aren't you? But you're not even gonna come and see how it goes?
City Worker: I'll receive detailed reports after the event regarding attendance and sales, which shall be more than enough for me to make my decision.
Kasumi: No it won't!
City Worker: ...?
Kasumi: It won't be enough at all. You have to come and see it for yourself!
Tae: It's the same for any performance. You never truly experience it until you feel the atmosphere yourself.
City Worker: Yes, well, that may be the case... However, as I mentioned, I already have plans.
City Worker: You must understand my position. I am a mediator, I make decisions based on facts. Staying one step removed keeps me fair and impartial.
Arisa: Always with an answer...
Saya: What do you think, Kasumi? It looks like we're about done here.
Kasumi: Hrm~...
City Worker: If you'll excuse me. I have a number of matters that need attending to.
Man: Excuse me, sir. We really do wish you would attend, if only for a moment.
Kasumi: ...!
Man: These girls have worked so hard for the festival. So much that they even started rubbing off on us here, too.
Man: Forget budgets, forget decisions. This is a matter of adults showing their appreciation for the efforts of the young.
City Worker: Mmm...
Rimi: ... P-please! We're doing our absolute best!
Kasumi: Please!
City Worker: ... Fine. If only just to make sure I don't hear of this again. I will make a brief appearance at the festival.
Kasumi: You will?!
Arisa: There had to be a better way to say that...
Saya: Well, the important thing is that he's said he'll come.
Rimi: H-here! It's the festival program! We'll be performing our own live show...!
Kasumi: We wrote a new song, just for the festival! We really hope you'll come and listen to it!
City Worker: ... Will that be all? If so, I shall excuse myself.
Arisa: He really is the worst, that guy.
Kasumi: Oh, and thank you so much for helping us back there!
Man: We just want to do all we can to help. Did you really create a whole new song? I am amazed you found the time.
Tae: We spent all of last weekend on a songwriting retreat. We worked night and day.
Kasumi: It's a really, really great song! I just can't wait for everyone here to hear it!
Man: Well, we're all very excited, too. We'll do our best to make the festival as grand as possible.
Saya: Does it look like you'll be ready in time?
Man: It does. Everyone has been working hard at it. It looks like we'll have just enough stalls out, too. Including the candy one.
Kasumi: Really? The candy stall will be there?!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan! That's wonderful!
Kasumi: It is! It really is! We can finally make our Poppin'Party star candy!!
