band1-012 Chapter 12: We want to play in the festival!

Wanting more than anything to perform Downtown, the girls ask for the festival to be reinstated.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: School's out! Time to go find Arisa!
Saya: Didn't she tell you to wait here for her?
Kasumi: I'll be back soon~♪
Tae: Bring back souvenirs.
Rimi: She disappeared...
Saya: It couldn't be more obvious how excited she is to get back downtown.
Rimi: Today is the day we ask for permission to perform live. I'm a little nervous myself.
Tae: Nervous. But excited.
Saya: We have to be brave. We need to get our feelings heard.
Tae: I'm filling up with motivation already.
Rimi: I just hope it all goes well...
Kasumi: I'm back~! Here's your souvenir - Arisa♪
Arisa: Good afternoon to you all.
Tae: And to you. ... She's angry.
Rimi: She's definitely angry.
Kasumi: She is? Are you?
Arisa: I'm pretty sure I told you to wait in your classroom after school.
Kasumi: I just couldn't wait another second to see you♪
Arisa: That does not make it any better.
Saya: She just loves you that much, Arisa.
Kasumi: Exactly right~♪
Tae: Everyone loves Arisa.
Arisa: Actual living hell.
Saya: If we're all here then, let's head downtown.
Kasumi: Okay! To the battlefield!
Tae: We fight.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: It's beggin' time!!
Arisa: Quiet, you.
Rimi: H-hello there.
Man: Oh? It's you girls, from before...?
Saya: We would like to apologize for the other day.
Tae: Do you have a moment to speak with us?
Rimi: We have something we really need to tell you...
People: Something important, is it?
Arisa: Go on, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Okay! We've come to ask about the town festival!
People: The canceled festival, you mean?
Kasumi: Exactly!
Man: I believe the gentleman from the city office informed us all that he had nothing more to say on the matter.
Saya: He did. And that is why we are here to ask a favor...
Kasumi: We want to perform live!
People: Perform live...?
Tae: The five of us are in a band.
Rimi: W-we're Poppin'Party!
Arisa: We want to perform at the festival. Would you please put it back on?
People: Nothing would please us more. But I'm afraid it's simply not possible...
(White cut)
Rimi: Please! If you say it's impossible, we'll have to give up!
Saya: There are a lot of people looking forward to this festival. None of us want it to be canceled.
Arisa: If you let us perform, we promise to make this year's festival the most amazing one yet.
Tae: We'll give it 110%.
Rimi: We won't let you down! Just, please, give us a chance...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Everyone, please! Let us perform for you!
Man: To be asked with such passion from young girls such as you.
People: We all want to see the festival go on as planned, too.
Man: ... Okay. If you wouldn't mind it being a relatively small affair, we can hold the festival again this year.
Kasumi: Really?!
Rimi: Thank you so much! Ah, but... the budget...
Man: You just leave the finances to us!
Saya: And what about next year...?
People: Without designated funding from the city, next year will be an impossible stretch without doubt.
Man: But if we can put on a real show this year and gather all manner of people, perhaps the city suits will finally change their minds.
Kasumi: So this is our final chance!
Tae: Lots of pressure. But we won't give in.
Arisa: Are you kidding? We'll make this the best festival anyone's ever seen.
Saya: Thank you all so much for your help!
People: We're counting on you. And we'll all be looking forward to your performance.
All: Okay!
