band1-019 Chapter 19: Michelle Beckons

With the support of the people Downtown and the festival-goers, will city officers change their minds...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Misaki Okusawa)

Kasumi: Sigh... We've come so far, and now we can't perform...
Arisa: I bet there wasn't ever any complaint.
Saya: At least the festival didn't get canceled again, I suppose...
Tae: ... This sucks.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... What do we do now?
Kasumi: Hrm... ... Okay, I got it!
Saya: Got it? Got what?
Kasumi: We'll go and speak to whoever complained. We'll apologize... and we'll explain how important it is that we perform today!
Arisa: And how do you plan on doing that? We have no idea who sent the complaint. Even if we did know, why would they listen to us?
Saya: I think Arisa's right. But still... we can't just stand here doing nothing.
Rimi: E-exactly. We got the festival brought back because we never once gave up. We just have to try again...!
Tae: It might be worth a shot.
Kasumi: ... Saya, Rimi-rin, O-Tae! Thank you! And Arisa...
Arisa: I-I'm not saying we shouldn't try! Anyway... I hate the idea of that city suit getting his way like this. Let's stick it to him!
Kasumi: Phew~! Thank you, Arisa! ... Huh? Is that Michelle?
Arisa: What?
Michelle (Misaki): ......
Rimi: Is she beckoning us over...?
Tae: I think she is.
Michelle (Misaki): ......
Saya: I think she wants us to follow her.
Kasumi: Weird... Let's see what she wants.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Festival Offstage]

Man: Oh, I'm so glad you're all still here.
Saya: Michelle found us and lead us back here... Is something the matter?
Man: Nothing is the matter, no. I wanted you to hear the sound of the crowd gathered at the stage.
Rimi: At the stage...?
Kid's Voice: Wasn't there gonna be a band or something?
Man's Voice: Maybe it got canceled. Shame, I was kinda looking forward to it...
Girl's Voice: They're the girls from the Hanasakigawa School Festival, right? I really wanted to hear them perform again~.
Tae: All those people, excited for our show.
Man: Your performance was the highlight of the evening. We even pulled some strings to help spread the word about it.
Saya: You did...?
Kasumi: I just want to be allowed to perform...
Arisa: We all do. And we have so many people out there waiting to hear us, and still...!
Arisa: Take a look at the crowd out there. See for yourself.
City Worker: What are you trying to say?
Arisa: Your community is out here enjoying the festival. They're out there waiting for our show.
Arisa: You're supposed to be in charge of community events, right? Yet all you've done is cancel and destroy and ruin any fun these people try to have.
City Worker: That's not quite---
Man: Sir. I believe these young girls are right. It is easy to take things away just because you do not like them.
Tae: But you'll be taking away the people's happiness. Leaving only... sadness.
Man: We will deal with the noise complaint ourselves, and I will personally take full responsibility. Please, just let these girls perform.
City Worker: ......
City Worker: ... Fine. But if anything happens, you'll be hearing from the city office.
Arisa: Wait...
Kasumi: So...?
City Worker: So you'd better get out on stage and create a great deal more noise.
Kasumi: ... Yay!!
Rimi: Th-thank you so much!
Tae: Let's go, Kasumi. Everyone.
Kasumi: Okay! Come on, guys! It's time to play~!!
(Black cut)

[Downtown - Festival Stage]

Kasumi: Hello everyone! We're Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: We're sorry we kept you all waiting like this. Thank you so much for coming out here today! Are you all enjoying the festival~?
Kasumi: This festival... it was due to be canceled this year. But now we're here, the community center folks are here, and you guys...
Tomoe: ......
Kasumi: ... And us! We're all here together! And we all made this the best festival ever!
Saya: Fufu. Kasumi, Kasumi. You should probably put the audience last, right?
Kasumi: I know, I just... I really wanted to say thanks to all of you. Thank you, Saya! Thank you, Rimi-rin!
Saya: Sure.
Rimi: Hehe...
Kasumi: Thank you, O-Tae!
Tae: ......
Kasumi: And thank you, Ari-
Arisa: I get it, we all get it! Now get on with the show already!
Kasumi: Oh, yeah, of course! I'm sorry!
Kasumi: This is a song that we all wrote together. We'd like to perform it for all of you today to show our great appreciation.
Kasumi: So please listen... to Happy Happy Party!
