band1-003 Chapter 3: Downtown Festival

During band practice, the conversation turns to the Downtown Festival. Will Kasumi's ideas impress the band?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Hmm-hmm~♪  Okay!
Kasumi: Well? What do we think?
Tae: Perfect.
Rimi: It really was! We were all completely in sync with each other.
Kasumi: You really think so?! What about you, Arisa?
Arisa: It was better than yesterday, at least.
Kasumi: Yay! That must mean all our hard work is paying off♪
Arisa: If only you'd try so hard at school, too. You might stop crying before tests.
Kasumi: ... Ouch...
Saya: Your face is a picture, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Saya! Arisa's being mean! She sounds just like Aa-chan~!
Arisa: Your little sister bullies you?!
Tae: Kasumi. Be strong.
Kasumi: Saya~, can't you do something to cheer me up?
Saya: Hmm. Something to cheer Kasumi up... ... Well, there is a festival going on-
Kasumi: A festival?! Where?!
Saya: The same place it is every year, in town.
Arisa: It's that time of year already, huh.
Rimi: Will your family be taking part again, Saya-chan?
Tae: Selling bread, I guess...?
Saya: I imagine so. I mean, we always do. I haven't heard them talk about it yet, though.
Rimi: I really like the candy stall at the festival best.
Kasumi: The candy stall! Aa-chan told me about it once before!
Rimi: I went with my sister once before... They're so delicious and sweet.
Saya: Everyone in town just can't wait for it to open.
Tae: Me neither. It's pretty exciting.
Arisa: I had no idea.
Rimi: It's really famous.
Tae: They'll make you customized candies, too.
Kasumi: Wait, really?!
Arisa: You mean, in any shape you want?
Rimi: Any shape! They're really good at it, too.
Arisa: Hmm. Could they make one Kasumi-shaped?
Rimi: Actually, I think they draw caricatures there, too!
Saya: You can't eat Kasumi, Arisa...
Kasumi: Wh-what?!
Arisa: Th-that's not what I meant!
Kasumi: If Arisa eats me, I won't be me anymore!
Arisa: No one's eating anyone!
Tae: I might eat Arisa.
Arisa: Well don't!
Saya: It's nice to see everyone getting along, at least.
Kasumi: ... Ah!
(White cut)
Kasumi: Do you think they could make star-shaped candies?
Rimi: Star-shaped?
Kasumi: Yeah! Like our band logo!
Kasumi: We could get five made and eat them together!
Tae: Great idea.
Saya: That would be perfect for us.
Rimi: I think that sounds great. What do you think, Arisa?
Arisa: Star-shaped candies? Fine, if you must... It does sound like something we'd do.
Kasumi: Yay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: I'm so excited, I can't wait for the festival to start♪
Arisa: Calm down, Kasumi.
Tae: You're excited for your candied Kasumis too though, right?
Arisa: Enough with the Kasumi candy!
Saya: I think that's as good a point as any to stop and get back to practice.
Kasumi: Okay! Hmm-hmm~♪
Tae: That's the spirit.
Kasumi: Come on then, everyone! Once more from the top!
