band1-011 Chapter 11: We can do this!

Kasumi wants to share the excitement with everyone. She suggest a performance Downtown.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: I know you're on a roll right now Kasumi, but just calm down...
Kasumi: I can't! I can't calm down!
Arisa: I'm saying you're losing it, Kasumi.
Saya: We know exactly what you mean, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Right?!
Rimi: Of course. We all felt it, singing together like that♪
Kasumi: Yay! I'm so glad you understand, Rimi-rin♪
Tae: Sharing moments like this is what's really important.
Kasumi: Sharing...! I wanna share this feeling with everybody! This sparkling, heart-pounding feeling!
Saya: That was the whole reason for having a festival in the first place, too.
Arisa: I get it. I do, really.
Kasumi: Saya! Arisa! I'm so happy we're all on the same page♪
Saya: Of course we are. We're all here together because of you, Kasumi.
Kasumi: You are?
Rimi: No one else would have brought this band together.
Tae: All thanks to you, Kasumi.
Arisa: I was more dragged against my will, but still.
Saya: We can never forget what's most important of all. That we are all here together.
Kasumi: Yes! I love you all so much~♪
Arisa: She's gone past crazy into creepy, now.
Tae: You're blushing.
Rimi: I feel like we're all closer than ever before.
Saya: I hope we get to feel like this a lot more in future, too.
Kasumi: Let's make every day more exciting than the last!
Arisa: Not every day, please. I don't need the stress.
Kasumi: Come on~! We're talking about fun~! Lots and lots of happy, chatty fun~♪
Arisa: Like I said, stress.
Tae: You're blushing again.
Arisa: I am not!
Saya: I just hope we can get the city office people to understand this feeling, too.
Rimi: I think the people from the shopping district will... But the city office is still going to be difficult...
Tae: The final step in our plan.
Rimi: I know it will be tough, but I don't want to give up.
Arisa: Even so, it does look pretty much impossible...
Kasumi: Hrm... What should we do...?
Rimi: Something only we can do...
Tae: Hmm... Tough one.
Saya: It's not easy changing someone's mind when they're already so decided on something...
Kasumi: ... I've got it!
Arisa: Veto.
Kasumi: But I haven't even explained it yet!
Arisa: Sorry, just a natural reflex. ... Well go on, then.
Kasumi: Okay, so! We have to express these feelings the only way we can, right?
Tae: The only way we can.
Kasumi: With a performance! We can perform for all the community and the city hall people, too!
Arisa, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Perform?
Kasumi: It's what we do best! We can express our true feelings through song!
Arisa: There she goes again...
Tae: I'm not sure how the message will get across.
Kasumi: It will, I know it will! If we just try hard enough, it'll all work out!
Saya: It'll all work out... Confident as always, Kasumi.
Rimi: I think it's a really good idea, Kasumi-chan. I bet it will be really exciting, too.
Arisa: A live performance... I suppose it could be a little fun.
Kasumi: What do you think? ... Can we do it?
Tae: I think we should try.
Saya: I agree. If only just to see how another Kasumi's plan turns out.
Rimi: It was a burst of inspiration from Kasumi-chan that formed our band in the first place, after all.
Arisa: Just promise me you won't go crazy trying to do everything at once, like you always do.
Kasumi: Arisa~!
Arisa: And promise to get off of me, too!
Arisa: ... I'll just have to keep an eye on you myself, then.
Kasumi: Thank you, everyone! We finally got a plan together!!
