band1-013 Chapter 13: Let's make a theme song!

The people Downtown agree with the girls and reinstate the festival. Can the girls make a good festival theme song?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Saya: Thanks again, everyone.
Kasumi: ... We did it!
Rimi: Ahh, I was so nervous~...
Tae: You did great, Rimi.
Kasumi: You said everything just perfect! I think you really moved them all back there♪
Rimi: I could only do it because all of you were there to support me.
Arisa: You were great. We all were.
Saya: This is just the beginning, though.
Arisa: I hope you understand what this means, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Huh? What what means?
Arisa: If this festival isn't perfect, there won't be another one. Ever.
Rimi: He did say this was our last chance... Are we really sure we can do it?
Saya: I think the folks at the community center are going to be paying out of pocket... We cannot let them down.
Tae: We've come this far. We have to keep going.
Kasumi: We can do it!
Arisa: Easier said than done. This is a whole festival we're talking about here.
Kasumi: And I know we can do it♪ With all of us working together it'll be no problem!
Saya: It's like Rimi-rin said. It's something only we five can do.
Kasumi: Exactly! There's no way I could do this all by myself♪
Tae: Teamwork made this happen.
Rimi: Now we know the festival is coming back, next we need to focus on our performance!
Arisa: It's not like we have any choice any more.
Tae: Time for another strategy meeting?
Kasumi: Great idea! Let's strategize!
Saya: We've still got some time left. Let's go somewhere to think.
Kasumi: Let's go, let's go♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kasumi: Wow~♪
Saya: This place has the best chiffon cake.
Rimi: They're all homemade, too. Delicious♪
Arisa: ... I guess it's not bad. The five of us out together like this.
Tae: Our own happy moment...
Kasumi: Ogeh, leff ftar duh hftraferdy eedin~!
Arisa: Nope. Didn't catch a word. Eat or speak, pick one.
Kasumi: Sorry, sorry. They're just too good to stop. Okay, let's start the strategy meeting~!
Arisa: Right. Go on then.
Kasumi: We can't just get up there and start playing. We have to do all kinds of preparation first!
Saya: We should plan it all out, step by step.
Tae: So we don't get all in a panic later on.
Arisa: Wait, wait. I'll take notes. So we check our instruments, then go on stage...
Rimi: Should we talk a little before we start playing?
Arisa: With the audience, you mean? We'll need to decide where to stand and what to say, then.
Kasumi: Oh, oh! And we should sparkle, and twinkle, and shine!
Arisa: Sparkle, twinkle, shine... Next.
Tae: We should do something to make the whole community happy.
Arisa: Something to make everyone happy. Something fun.
Saya: It would be a great way to show our appreciation for all the work they are doing for us with the festival.
Rimi: Plus our performance should carry that message, too.
Tae: Definitely. Very important.
Kasumi: Arisa~! Did you write down my sparkling heart-pounding?
Arisa: Yes, now shush. I've heard all your suggestions. Here's what I think.
Arisa: If we just get up there, sing our song and say goodbye, we're only going to entertain people for a short amount of time.
Arisa: I think we should create something new. A theme song for the whole festival.
Kasumi: A theme song?!
Arisa: We haven't got much time. But hey, we can do anything, right?
Tae: Anything.
Rimi: That's a wonderful idea, Arisa-chan! Let's write a new song♪
Saya: That should definitely please the community, too.
Arisa: It's decided, then?
Kasumi: It's decided!
Kasumi: A new Poppin'Party original song... Let's make it sparkle!!
Rimi, Tae & Saya: Yeah~♪
Arisa: This is a public place, you know. ... They're not listening.
