band1-007 Chapter 7: We won't give up!

The girls go to the Community Center to see if there's anything they can do about the festival. Who will they meet there?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Arisa's House - Basement]

Arisa: Here. Drink some juice and clear your head.
Kasumi: I just don't know what to do...
Arisa: ... Not even listening.
Saya: That's our Kasumi.
Rimi: Ahh, this is delicious. It's nice to take a break.
Tae: A Poppin' Tea Party.
Arisa: Not tea, but sure.
Kasumi: ... I've got it!
Kasumi: We should go and ask what they need to bring their budget back up!
Saya: Go and ask...? Where?
Kasumi: The... budget store?
Tae: And where's that?
Arisa: You mean city hall?
Kasumi: Yeah! That's the one!
Tae: Let's hurry. Everyone get ready.
Rimi: Ah, wait... Are we allowed to just go to city hall...?
Saya: What if they won't even hear us out?
Tae: ... Turned away at the door.
Kasumi: Hrm... But where else could we go...?
Saya: Maybe we should try heading back into town first.
Arisa: I guess we could try the community center...
Kasumi: If they're the ones with budgets, then let's go! Come on, everyone!!
Arisa: I guess that's practice done for the day, then.
Saya: You know there's no stopping her now.
Rimi: Fufu. I'm just glad to see her happy again.
Tae: Me too.
Arisa: ... Ugh, fine. Let's go on her crazy adventure.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Kasumi: Hello! We've come to get some budget!
Arisa: ... You are a bonafide idiot.
Saya: Sorry to drop in like this. My name is Saya Yamabuki, from Yamabuki Bakery.
Man: Ah, Saya-chan. And how can I help you today? Something about budgets, was it...?
Rimi: U-umm... It's about the town festival...
Tae: We're upset that it got canceled.
Arisa: We heard it had something to do with budgets being cut.
Kasumi: So we wanna know how we can get it uncut!
Man: We have been receiving a lot of correspondence about the festival, and indeed most people are sad to see it go.
Kasumi: We're not the only ones after all!
Saya: Would you consider not cancelling it, then?
Man: I'm afraid the matter is very much out of our hands.
Rimi: Why is that?
Man: As much as we would like to protect our traditions, this decision came down to us from city hall. We have no recourse to fight them.
Tae: ... The elusive city hall.
Rimi: Not even the community can save their own festival...
Arisa: That doesn't sound fair, does it?
Tae: I can't believe it.
Kasumi: Me neither! Are you okay with this, mister?
Man: No, I can't say I really understand the decision either.
Saya: Everyone was really looking forward to it.
Kasumi: Isn't there something we can do?
City Worker: Perhaps I could be of assistance?
City Worker: Good evening. You are all students at Hanasakigawa, are you?
Saya: Yes, we're first years.
City Worker: Well, I am Community Promotions manager for this city.
Arisa: ... From city hall.
Rimi: Why would someone from city hall be here...?
City Worker: On business, of course.
Kasumi: Excuse me! We want a budget to hold our festival again this year!
Saya: Everyone has been looking forward to it so much. Is there anything you can do?
Rimi: P-please!
City Worker: Allow me to be perfectly clear. That shopping district will not hold another festival again.
All: ...?!
