event77-02 Chapter 1: Visitor from Underground

Hina brings the mole person to the agency. She has a suggestion for the members trying to rain on her parade...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: All right, the coast is clear... Hurry, you guys. This way.
Chisato: Why are we sneaking through the agency like this...?
Hina: Because! We can't let any of the staff see what we've found!
???: ...
Hina: Hm, it looks hurt, and it still hasn't opened its eyes. You think it'll be all right...?
Eve: ...!
Aya: Uh, Eve-chan? What's with the wooden sword?
Eve: I always keep one here at the studio! I brought it as a safety measure, should the mole person try to attack us!
Maya: O-okay, I'll be counting on you if it comes to that...!
Maya: Ngh, how can we be sure this mole thing won't growl at us or try to bite us?
Aya: What?! Y-you think it bites?!
Eve: D-do not worry! If it does, that's where my sword comes in...!
Chisato: ... Everyone is terrified, Hina-chan. Take that creature back to where you found it.
Hina: N-no way! Not with injuries like this!
Chisato: In that case, we take it to the proper authorities. Or at the very least contact someone...
Hina: O-out of the question! That'd be even worse!
Hina: I've seen this in movies and manga and stuff. The government will do all sorts of horrible things if they get their hands on it!
Chisato: So that's why you didn't want it to be found and decided to bring it here...
Hina: And I'm planning on keeping it with me until it gets better.
Aya: Huh?! Your family will never allow that~!
Hina: I know. That's why I'm gonna watch over it here at the studio.
Maya: Huh?! N-n-n-n-no! You can't treat an alien creature you don't know like some sort of pet...!
Eve: I-I agree! This is very dangerous! It may bite you!
Hina: Come on, it's not scary~! I mean, just look at the little cutie.
Chisato: How it looks is irrelevant. Keeping it here at the studio is-
???: ... Squeak?
All: ...!!
Eve: It's awake...!
Maya: Ahhh!! Please don't bite, please don't bite!!
Chisato: C-calm down, Maya-chan!
Eve: D-do not fear! I will protect us with my wooden sword!
???: Squeak? Squeak? Squeak~...
Hina: ...? It's looking around the room...
Aya: Do you think it might be scared, too...?
Aya: I mean, it did wake up in an unfamiliar place surrounded by a bunch of strangers.
Hina: Don't be afraid! There's nothing here that'll hurt you!
???: Squeak~...
Eve: ...! It does appear to be rather frightened...
Hina: Hmmm... Ah, I have an idea!
Hina: Hey, are you hungry? I've got some leftover cookies that you can have.
???: Squeak? Squeak, squeak...! Squeak!
Aya: Ah, not a crumb left! Hahaha, look at that happy face.
Hina: Look how fast those cookies disappeared! And without a fuss! See, there's no reason for us to be scared!
Maya: Yes, there doesn't appear to be any danger... I apologize for my previous outburst.
Eve: I am relieved to hear that! We have nothing more than a strange mole on our hands!
Chisato: H-hold on, everyone! You're far too quick to let your guards down!
Chisato: We have never seen a creature like this before, and Hina-chan plans to take it in as a pet.
Hina: Please! I'll take good care of it!
Chisato: Listen, Hina-chan... This isn't some dog or cat or something. It's a mole person.
Chisato: And we're not even sure if that part is true...
???: Squeak~...
Aya, Eve & Maya: ...
Aya: Uhm, Chisato-chan... Don't you think it might be better to lend a hand?
Chisato: Huh?
Maya: We're not in any immediate danger, so before doing anything rash... would you mind waiting until those wounds have healed at least?
Eve: I concur! We cannot abandon someone in their time of need!
Chisato: D-do you seriously intend to take care of a mole person here at the studio...?!
Hina: Pretty please! I'll never ask for anything ever again!
Chisato: ...
Chisato: ... Fine. If you are serious about this, then I'll offer my support.
Hina: Really?! You mean it?! Yay! Thank you, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: I couldn't possibly refuse after such insistence. Not if I want to respect the wishes of my precious comrades in Pastel＊Palettes.
