event77-04 Chapter 3: A Brief Break

The girls flee from the organization chasing Mo-chan. Then someone calls out to them. Who could it be...?!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Talent Agency - Hallway]

Hina: This way, you guys! We can use the emergency exit!
???: Cut!
Hina: Phew... All done~!
Chisato: Good work, everyone. Excellent performances all around.
Eve: Thank you very much! That means so much coming from you, Chisato-san!
Chisato: However, I feel that everyone is perhaps a little over the top... Maybe we can try dialing down the energy...
Maya: No! I don't think that's true at all!
Maya: Pastel＊Palettes is starring in its first movie! We must approach this with all we have!
Aya: Yeah! It's amazing that we get to star as ourselves in a sci-fi production!
Aya: There is one part that I'm not so sure about, though...
Hina: Which part is that?
Aya: How they made me out to be overly obsessed with social media... I mean, I do like being online, but is that really how everyone sees me...?
Maya: I do get the feeling that our depictions are somewhat exaggerated.
Maya: I've been cast as a complete machine-loving fanatic, I guess because of how much I talk about equipment.
Eve: I see. That explains why I must carry around a wooden sword. Mystery solved.
Hina: Hahaha, Eve-chan and bushido do go hand in hand.
Hina: Hey, wait a minute... Is that supposed to mean that I seem like I'd keep a mole person for a pet?
Aya: I don't think that's too far off the mark...
Hina: A studio is no place for that. I'd take it home and ask Sis to help me name it.
Maya: So you don't deny that you would take it in...
Hina: I guess. They're not totally accurate, but I'd say our roles are pretty spot on~.
Chisato: ... I wouldn't say my portrayal is all that accurate.
Eve: What would you change?
Chisato: Well, my character is too sympathetic to the rest of your feelings...
Chisato: I understand that this is a movie, but I would not have actually gone along with looking after a mole person.
Aya: Hmmm, but I think you'd come around in the end.
Eve: Yes, that fits your image perfectly!
Chisato: D-do you really think so...?
Maya: You may not see yourself that way, but that is the impression others have of you.
Hina: Yeah, whenever we do shows or events, you're always there to support us.
Chisato: I-I see...
Maya: In any case, acting is very difficult... Our countless mistakes must have inconvenienced the film crew...
Hina: Hey, don't sweat it. Aya-chan had at least three times as many slip-ups as you.
Aya: Aw, don't remind me~!
Eve: I was very concerned with how many of Aya-san's lines were being taken out of the script...!
Maya: And her dialogue with Mo-san was cut out almost entirely...
Aya: Ngh, and after finally having my chance to shine~!
Chisato: Any performance involving Mo-chan is not easy, so don't be too hard on yourself.
Hina: Mhm. I know they'll add CGI expressions in later, but all we have to work with for now is a stuffed animal~.
Maya: The arms and legs can move via remote control, sure, but that doesn't mean figuring out how to interact with it is easy...
Aya: Sigh, I need to make sure they don't cut more of my lines...
Eve: Being left out sounds scary... I hope the upcoming action scene goes well...
Chisato: That is your standout scene of the film, as I recall.
Eve: Yes, and I will be very sad if my poor acting ends with my scenes being replaced...
Hina: Hahaha, stop stressing so much! I saw how cool you were during rehearsals!
Eve: Thank you very much... I only hope I can bring some of that to the actual performance...
Maya: I know exactly how you feel...
Aya: Ngh, you said it~! Give us some advice, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: I'm not sure what you expect me to say...
Maya: And some for me as well! Please share any tips you may have...!
Chisato: There is no fast track to becoming a quality actor, but if I were to say something... Ah, yes.
Chisato: It would be to never stop acting unless the director says to.
Eve: We should continue with our performance and ignore any mistakes?
Aya: Wait, we're allowed to do that?
Chisato: All directors have their own unique style. Some prefer to strictly adhere to the screenplay, while others take spontaneity and try to incorporate it into the final product...
Chisato: Having said that, our director is definitely the latter. Even when errors are made, the cameras continue to roll, don't they?
Aya: Ah, now that you mention it...!
Chisato: They are testing how well you can adapt and whether your acting can elevate the script.
Chisato: Hina-chan rarely follows what is written, yet they do not ask her to stop.
Aya: Wow, you're right...! The director didn't mind her ad-libbing at all!
Aya: Even if there was maybe a little too much of it...
Hina: Hey, it's not my fault the script is wrong. I'm starring as myself, so I just change the lines to fit what I would actually say.
Maya: In other words, that's the type of movie the director wishes to shoot...?
Chisato: Exactly. You should run with your mistakes, even if you feel the urge to do otherwise.
Chisato: We have the rare opportunity to star in a movie. Yes, we need to have a sense of urgency, but don't forget to have fun with it.
