event77-07 Ending: That's a Wrap!

They finally reach the last scene. What does Hina show during the moments when they part with Mo-chan?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[In the Mountains]

Hina: Huff, huff... We finally made it! The meet-up point!
Maya: We've arrived at long last. And it's all thanks to Eve-san driving away those agents.
Aya: Is this the right place? I don't see anything...
Hina: Wait. I just saw a star light up in the sky...
Eve: ...! That is no star!
Chisato: It's almost time. Three... two... one...
All: ...!!
Eve: Several other lights have appeared!
Aya: Wow! They're all UFOs!
Hina: They must have come... to pick you up, Mo-chan.
Mo-chan: Thank you all. I would have had to hole myself up above ground if it weren't for you.
Mo-chan: Hina, Chisato, Maya, Eve, Aya... If there are mo' people like you up here, then the day when our two worlds can meet is not too far off.
Hina: Hahaha, it can't be far off. We're already friends!
Mo-chan: Hina... Yeah, you're mo' than right. The very first friendship between the surface and the underground is right here!
Eve: ...! Mo-san is floating up!
Maya: The light from the UFO must be doing that...!
Aya: Goodbye, Mo-chan~!
Chisato: Take care. Do be more careful when flying, okay?
Maya: Please come back and visit us when you have the chance~!
Eve: I will gladly teach you the ways of bushido should you come again!
Hina: ...
Chisato: (...! Is she crying...?!)
Hina: Bye-bye, Mo-chan.
(White cut)
Film Crew Member: Okay, Pastel＊Palettes! That's a wrap!
Hina: Phew~! All done! Good job, everyone~!
Aya: Hahaha, nice job. We finally got through it.
Maya: It feels like we've been filming for ages now.
Eve: Yes, we have come a very long way...
Chisato: Fufu, I can almost feel the tension lifting from you all.
Aya: There wasn't a single moment on set when I could relax...
Eve: Still, this has been a very worthwhile learning experience, from start to finish!
Maya: I'm fairly familiar with what goes on behind the scenes. I'm glad I now understand how it feels to be in the spotlight.
Aya: Hehehe, I feel like I've gotten a little better at acting!
Hina: Better? You...?
Chisato: Are you certain...?
Aya: Hey~! Don't be that way, you guys~!
Chisato: Fufu. I'm glad that I was able to see you all give your best performance though.
Chisato: As well as one very shocking moment... Right, Hina-chan?
Hina: Hm? What's that~?
Chisato: Those tears of yours during the departure scene were very well done.
Chisato: The script did not call for that, and I'm impressed that you managed such a feat...
Hina: Yeah, it wasn't written down, but I figured that's what I would've done.
Hina: Meeting Mo-chan for real and becoming friends but then having to say goodbye would've probably had me in tears.
Chisato: I see...
Maya: That's Hina-san for you! A prodigy in everything, including acting...!
Hina: Hahaha, you think so? A part of it was probably because I was playing myself!
Hina: And if you're gonna praise someone, shouldn't it be Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Huh? What did I do?
Hina: It was your advice that got us through to the end!
Aya: That stuff about continuing the scene unless the director stops us... Hearing that helped me lighten up a bit!
Maya: Agreed. Because we were initially far too concerned with making mistakes.
Eve: It was quite useful to know that an error is not the end of the world!
Aya: And you helped while the cameras were rolling, too... Sorry about forgetting my line in that one spot...
Hina: Aya-chan, you didn't realize at all. That was so weird~.
Aya: I-it's not funny~.
Eve: A shining example of the kind of person Chisato-san is!
Chisato: The kind of person I am?
Eve: Yes, that compassionate side of you who cares about your fellow idol members!
Maya: Hahaha. I couldn't agree more!
Chisato: D-do you really think so...? If so, then I am glad that I was able to help...
Hina: Oh, hey! Once they finished making the movie, do you want to go see it together?
Maya: At the theater, you mean? Having starred in the film ourselves, I'm fairly certain we will receive a special early screening.
Hina: I get that, but I want to see how the audience reacts to it!
Chisato: While I understand your curiosity... would it really be wise for all five of us to go as a group?
Maya: Being spotted would likely cause all manner of chaos...
Hina: No sweat, you guys! We just need some disguises!
Eve: Fufu, I cannot wait to see how the movie turns out!
