event77-05 Chapter 4: The Way to Convey

Filming begins once again. Things seem to be going well until Aya does something during an important scene...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Camera's Rolling]

[Training Hall]

Chisato: This should be far enough.
Hina: Where are we...? You said you knew a safe place for us to hide, but where exactly is this?
Chisato: A training hall that my past acting group used. I asked for permission to use it again today.
Maya: Leave it to Chisato-san to be able to pull some strings in even this kind of situation.
Aya: Wow, I've never been to a place like this~! It'll make for a great selfie!
Chisato: We aren't here to play around, Aya-chan.
Eve: Those government agents will never find us here!
Maya: Hmmm, we can only hope...
Maya: If we take their previous investigative abilities into consideration, it's only a matter of time until they discover this location as well...
Aya: Huh?! No way~!
Chisato: Maya-chan is correct. We need to devise our next course of action before they arrive.
Hina: Yep! We've got to get Mo-chan back home before it's too late!
Chisato: (We've entered the final stretch before the film's climax...)
Maya: (The device that I secretly brought back with me from the UFO crash site turns out to be for communicating...)
Hina: (Mo-chan's pals are supposed to send a message.)
Eve: (The one who gets the conversation going in that direction is...)
Chisato: (Aya-chan...!)
Aya: ...
Eve: (Aya-san...?)
Hina: (Hahaha, looks like she forgot her line~.)
Maya: (No, she wouldn't be making that expression if she had...!)
Chisato: (She probably doesn't realize it's her turn to speak.)
Chisato: (The cameras are still rolling. I'll have to step in...)
Chisato: Our problem now is finding a way for Mo-chan to return home. We have no idea where the aircraft is, so we need an alternative approach.
Eve: (I do not believe Chisato-san had a line like that... Oh!)
Maya: (I-I remember! We were told to never stop the scene on our own!)
Chisato: (Keep going, everyone.)
Maya: Another way, another way... Hmmm, does anyone have any ideas?
Eve: Hmmm, nothing comes to mind... How about you, Aya-san?
Aya: Huh? Me?
Aya: (I don't remember this being in the script... Eve-chan is supposed to lead into the next part...)
Aya: Wh-why are you asking me~...? Eve-chan, you'd be much better at coming up with a good plan~.
Eve: Huh?! I-I have no idea! Please think of something, Aya-san!
Maya: Yes, exactly! Aya-san, this is where you come in! Save the day with one of your bright ideas!
Aya: Wh-why does it have to be me~?! You should be asking Eve-chan to handle this~!
Eve: Absolutely not! It simply must be you, Aya-san!
Chisato: (A-are they going to pull the plug on this...?)
Chisato: (The girls can't be blamed for not knowing how to ad-lib, but this is quickly going south...)
Chisato: (Wait, what about Hina-chan...?)
Hina: (Hahaha, Aya-chan still doesn't have a clue, even with all this help.)
Chisato: (I can tell she's enjoying every moment of this...)
Chisato: Calm down, everyone. I know how stressful this may be, but we need to keep our wits about us.
Maya & Eve: S-sorry...
Eve: (Oh dear, Aya-san still seems oblivious. How unfortunate...)
Maya: (We shouldn't have dragged that out for so long...)
Aya: Th-thanks, Chisato-chan. I don't get why everyone wanted me to decide so badly~.
Chisato: That's because we're all counting on you.
Chisato: It may usually seem like you have your head in the clouds, but you always come through for us when we need you.
Chisato: Do you remember that one event where you mistook who was supposed to be MC?
Chisato: You initially thought it was Eve-chan's responsibility... In the end, though, you realized your mistake and helped make it a truly exciting occasion.
Aya: Huh~? Are you sure that happened~?
Aya: (Hm? I seriously don't remember that... Wait a second. I thought it was Eve-chan's responsibility...? Oh, I get it now...!
Chisato: (I think she's finally caught on. What a relief.)
Aya: I-I just thought of something...! About getting Mo-chan back home... Do you think there are any other ways of contacting the other mole people down below?
Chisato: You mean we should ask them to come to us. Well, there was likely a communication device of some kind on the aircraft, but...
Maya: A communication device... Ah, that may be what this is! Look!
Hina: Is this that gadget you picked up from the UFO crash site?
Maya: Yes, I brought it back to analyze. It's been emitting voice-like transmissions...
Mo-chan: Holy mole-y, that's my communicator! My pals must be trying to reach me~!
Maya: So I wasn't mistaken! With this, maybe we can contact- Wh-what?!
Eve: The device has begun to glow...!
Chisato: Wait, it's projecting something onto the wall!
Mo-chan: It's a map! And it says they'll pick me up at the marked location tomorrow night!
Maya: The map appears to be displaying a mountain.
Maya: And if you factor in the nearby railway... I think I know where this is!
Eve: You do?
Maya: It's very likely where we did some on-site work in the past.
Maya: It's rather far from here, but we should be able to make it in time if we catch the train early tomorrow morning!
