event77-03 Chapter 2: Interacting with the Unknown

The girls have gotten used to having the mole person around. But a change has taken place...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Sorry for the wait, everyone!
Aya: Ah, Maya-chan. Did you talk to the agency staff?
Maya: Yes. I asked them to avoid entering the studio so that we can focus on our rehearsals.
Hina: Great. Okay, Mo-chan, you can come out of the box now.
Mo-chan: Squeak, squeak~♪
Chisato: ...
Aya: What's wrong, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I was just thinking about how such an unusual situation is somehow becoming normal for us...
Aya: Hahaha, not many people out there looking after a mole person.
Chisato: I don't think there are any...
Maya: Mo-san seems to be doing much better than before, and those injuries have healed well.
Eve: All thanks to the care and attention provided by Hina-san!
Aya: She's been here every day taking care of Mo-chan, even when we don't have rehearsal.
Hina: I guess~. But now the staff thinks I'm some extra hard worker because of how often I'm here.
Maya: I heard them say they would try to find more work for you, Hina-san.
Aya: What about me~?! I work hard too~! I upload photos to social media every single day~!
Maya: Hahaha. In any case, it doesn't seem like they're aware of Mo-san being here.
Eve: I had assumed it would be more difficult to keep that a secret.
Hina: The storage room makes for a perfect hiding place. Hardly anyone goes in there, and all that junk is great for keeping out of sight.
Chisato: I'm sure they would never imagine that a mysterious creature is living right under their noses...
Hina: ... Ah, that reminds me! Listen to this!
Eve: What is it?
Hina: You'll never guess what Mo-chan can do! Go on, show them!
Aya: What is it? A trick or something?
Mo-chan: Mo' or less.
Aya: Ah, I see... Huh?!
Aya, Maya, Chisato & Eve: Whaaat?!
Eve: D-did you just speak...?!
Hina: What'd I tell you~?! Mo-chan ending up learning our language in a few days!
Chisato: That's not something you just 'end up' doing...!
Maya: W-well, Mogu-san was able to pilot that UFO...
Maya: Our approach may have been the same as raising a pet, but there's obviously more intelligence at work here...!
Aya: H-have you two been talking this whole time, Hina-chan?
Hina: Yeah, Mo-chan told me all kinds of stuff. Turns out that we really are dealing with mole people.
Hina: This little one came from the Mole Kingdom deep underground. To survey the surface world, right?
Mo-chan: I wanted to dig up info on the surface world. We don't talk much now, but I'm hoping our two cultures can have mo' contact in the future.
Mo-chan: That's why I popped up to get a whiff of what humans are like and see how likely it'd be for us to become pals.
Hina: And that's when some engine trouble brought that ship crashing down.
Eve: So that is what happened...
Mo-chan: But now I'm feeling rock solid, thanks to you! Nothing mo' to do than to fix my ship and go back home!
Hina: I'll help you fix it then! I hope you'll show me what the inside of a UFO looks like!
Maya: U-uh, speaking of the aircraft... did everyone see the recent news?
Hina: The news? Yeah, I figured there'd be a huge fuss about the UFO, so I looked.
Hina: But that's not how they painted it. Something about how it was a meteor that crashed into the park.
Chisato: ... Any information is probably being censored to prevent widespread panic.
Maya: Yes, most likely...
Maya: I couldn't stop thinking about it, so I stopped by the park again... but the aircraft had been carried off and disappeared without a trace.
Aya: Huh? Then how will Mo-chan get back home?
Chisato: I don't think that's possible now...
Mo-chan: Oh no, really...? But I need to mosey on out of here...
All: ...
Hina: D-don't worry! I'll make sure you get back!
Aya: Y-yeah! If we all put our heads together, I'm sure we can think of something!
Eve: Well said! We will be there every step of the way!
Maya: Yes, but how exactly will we do that...?
Chisato: ...? Wait, I hear some commotion outside...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Idol Talent Agency - Hallway]

Aya: What's going on? What's with all the people in the suits...?
Staff: Wh-who are you?! What are you doing here...?!
Government Agent: Government agents. We ask for your cooperation in searching the premises. We have reason to believe a suspicious creature is being sheltered at this very location.
Chisato: Wait, do they mean...?!
Eve: Have they come to take away Mo-san?!
Maya: Those government organizations that Hina-san mentioned... Maybe they really do exist in the real world...!
Chisato: But how did they know where to look...?
Hina: This way, you guys! We can use the emergency exit!
