event77-01 Opening: It Came Falling Down

The normal return home from rehearsal. As Hina looks up at the sky, she finds a sparkle. What could it be...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Riverside]

Aya: Phew, another day of practice behind us~.
Eve: Yes, our rehearsals went very well today!
Chisato: Good work, everyone. We are on track for completing our new song in time for its live debut.
Maya: Yes, I feel as though our performances improve with each session. And today, Hina-san was especially...
Hina: ...
Maya: Hina-san? Why are you looking up at the sky?
Chisato: I know you enjoy stargazing, but maybe don't do it while you're walking...
Hina: Stars? Hahaha, you're way off the mark with that.
Eve: What exactly are you looking at, then?
Hina: Thought you'd never ask, Eve-chan! I'll have you know that I'm hunting for UFOs!
Chisato, Aya, Eve, Maya: UFOs?!
Hina: Ever heard of the Hollow Earth theory? They say that a bunch of mole people live in the center of the planet!
Hina: Apparently, they fly up in UFOs through big holes in the ground to observe the surface world!
Chisato: Yes, I thought I saw you with your nose buried in an occult magazine during our break...
Aya: She said it looked interesting and dove right into it.
Hina: I've never read such a boppin' magazine before~♪ You wouldn't believe all the stuff I learned!
Maya: Uh, all they're saying is that there are people who advocate such a theory. I must advise against taking them seriously...
Chisato: Correct. An amusing little tale, I'm certain, but the existence of UFOs and mole people is simply...
All: ...?!
Eve: A bright light just appeared in the sky...!
Hina: Ah~! Look, everyone! Over there!
Aya: Where...? Huh?! Th-the light is flying around!
Maya: That sort of zig-zagging pattern... is not something an airplane could do.
Hina: It's gotta be a UFO! Oh man, I'm getting goosebumps!
Chisato: I-it can't be... Ah!
Eve: I-it came crashing down...!
Aya: Hey, isn't that over by the woods in that big park...?
Hina: All right, guys! Race you there! Time to catch us a UFO~!
Chisato: Huh?! Wait a minute!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park - In the Woods]

Chisato: I-I can't believe this is happening...
Hina: Yes, yes, yes~! This is so boppin'♪
Aya: H-hey, Maya-chan. Do you think this is the real deal...?
Maya: I cannot say for certain... having never seen one for myself...
Eve: That appears to be the cockpit! Hm, there does not seem to be anyone inside...!
Maya: The pilot may have been flung from the vehicle. I wouldn't be surprised, considering how hard it landed...
Maya: Oh! There's some kind of device on the ground! What do you think it's used for?!
Chisato: Wait, Maya-chan. You shouldn't pick up strange objects like that.
Maya: M-My apologies. I was so wrapped up in figuring out how it works...
Chisato: In any case, we should leave as quickly as possible. It's dangerous to linger around an area like this.
Hina: Huh~? But why~? You actually wanna leave after finding a real UFO~?
Hina: Quick, take a picture, Aya-chan! It'll be a hit on social media!
Aya: Y-you're right! This is a once-in-a-lifetime chance!
Chisato: Not you, too, Aya-chan...
Eve: H-Hina-san, Aya-san! We really should listen to what Chisato-san said!
Eve: The pilot of the UFO is likely still somewhere nearby!
Eve: Whether it is an alien or a mole person... it may pose a danger to us!
Hina: No need to worry! It's been knocked out cold!
Aya: Knocked out...?
Hina: Yeah, come look.
Aya & Chisato: Kyaaah!!
Maya: Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-what is that?!
Eve: It's a yokai! A strange, hairy yokai!
Hina: That's no yokai. It's definitely a mole person. I mean, it looks just like a mole.
???: Sq-squeak~...
Hina: ...? Hey, doesn't it look hurt...?
Chisato: I-I can't make heads or tails of anything anymore...
Aya: ...? I think someone is coming this way.
Maya: The crash itself was hard to miss, so I imagine a lot of people are coming to see what happened.
Hina: What?! But that's bad!
Aya: What are you talking- Huh?! Hina-chan, why are you carrying that thing?!
Hina: We can't let anyone find it! Hurry, let's get it out of here!
Chisato: W-wait, Hina-chan!
