band2-012 Chapter 12: The End of the Beginning

Himari and Tomoe visit Tsugumi in the hospital. The three of them consider what Ran said...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day]

[Hospital Room]

Himari: How are you feeling, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, Tomoe-chan! You came to visit!
Tomoe: Hey. You're looking much better.
Tsugumi: I feel much better, too. They said I just had a fever from stress... I'm sorry I caused so much trouble for you all.
Himari: What are you talking about, trouble? We're just glad to see you're okay, Tsugu!
Tomoe: Yeah. Seeing you collapse like that really had us worried, you know.
Tsugumi: Hehehe... I won't let it happen again! I'm really lucky I had you two there to help me... By the way, have you seen Ran-chan and Moca-chan?
Himari: Erm... About that...
Tomoe: ... There's no use hiding it. The thing is, Tsugu...
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: ... Oh. I had no idea.
Tomoe: I was just worried about Ran, but I got all emotional and took it too far... I went way over the top... I just wish I could apologize to her like this, too.
Tsugumi: I'm sure if you talk to her again, she'll understand.
Tomoe: ... I really hope so...
Himari: ... It's just not the same without the five of us together.
Tsugumi: That's why we started the band in the first place... so we could always be together.
Tomoe: ... You're right. It was all because Ran was moving to another class in middle school.
Tomoe: She stopped going to classes, spending all of her time up on the roof...
Himari: She sat there thinking up ways we could all be together, like before... and suddenly, it's Tsugu who said "let's make a band!"
Tomoe: To be honest, I thought she was joking when she first told me.
Tsugumi: Hahaha...
Tomoe: But then once we formed the band, Ran started going back to classes again. And the rooftop became a sort of home ground for us all, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah, it did.
Himari: The first sunset we saw up there after starting the band was just so pretty, we decided that would be our name - Afterglow.
Tomoe: It did take us forever to look it up though. We knew we wanted the word for evening orange twilight, but no one knew what it was.
Himari: Oh yeah! I forgot about that part...!
Tsugumi: Fufu. We really didn't know anything when we first started out... but that was part of the fun, wasn't it? The five of us experiencing something new, together...
Himari: ... I wonder if Ran still enjoys it all.
Tsugumi: ... Huh?
Himari: She hasn't looked like she's enjoyed practice for some time now... Her performance, her singing, it's just not the same...
Tomoe: ... She must be under a lot of pressure. From the band and from home, too.
Tsugumi: But if... if the band really is making her feel this way, then... maybe we should all think about quitting...
Himari: But...!
Tsugumi: I enjoy it, too! I love performing with everyone, but... it's not worth making Ran feel terrible for...
Tomoe & Himari: ......
Tomoe: I don't want her to suffer any more either. Seeing Ran's face after what I said to her the other day... Well, I just don't want it to happen again.
Tomoe: What do you think, Himari?
Himari: I think it's so sad, but... if it'll help Ran, then maybe we should take a break…
Tomoe: We can start again once things have calmed down. I'm sure we'll get another chance at Girl Jam in the future, but for now we have to put Ran first.
Himari: You're right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Moca: Are you sure we won't need any buns~?
Ran: Are you sure you just don't want some for yourself?
Moca: Of course not~, I wanted to take some for Tsugu~. Why would I ever think something like that~?
Ran: Sure, of course. ... Visiting hours are almost over. We should hurry.
Moca: Okay~. I wonder if Tomo-chin and Hii-chan are there.
Ran: Huh... I wonder.
Moca: I hope they are~.
Ran: ... Mmm.
Moca: Ran, you look scary~. Are you nervous or something~?
Ran: N-no, I always look like this. I'm not nervous! If Tomoe and Himari are there, then... I just have to apologize, and...
Ran: ... And say I want to continue the band.
Moca: Yeah.
Ran: Come on. First we just need to see if Tsugumi's okay.
