band2-010 Chapter 10: Birds of a Feather

Moca confides in Lisa during their shift at the convenience store. What advice will Lisa give her?

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Walk Home]

Himari: ......
Himari: (There was no way we could start practice again after that... Everyone just left, not knowing what to say...)
Himari: I never noticed how long the walk back home is, until I walked it on my own...
Himari: (The five of us have been together for so long now... I only now realize how lonely it is without them.)
Himari: (I couldn't do anything to keep everyone together tonight... And I call myself leader... It's laughable.)
Himari: ... We'll perform together again though, right...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Convenience Store]

Lisa: Thank you for shopping with us~.
Moca: ... Cheers~.
Lisa: Moca... You're getting worse with these thank you's, you know.
Moca: I'm seeing how far I can go with it~. The other day I said "Hank's view" and they didn't even notice~.
Lisa: Haha, you did? That's crazy! If only you were that dedicated in your actual work.
Moca: Hehehe~. Lisa-san, compliments will get you nowhere~.
Lisa: Definitely not a compliment! ... Oh, from Yukina.
Moca: You've been friends with Minato-san a long time, right?
Lisa: Yeah. We're neighbors, you see. We must have known each other more than 10 years now... Same with you and Ran though, right?
Moca: Yeah... I mean, I guess so...
Lisa: Hmm? Is something wrong~?
(Black cut)
Lisa: Huh. I didn't know Ran's family owned a flower arranging school.
Lisa: ... So then what? I mean, I can see why Ran has problems, but how did you react to them?
Moca: React...?
Lisa: She came to you and told you all of this right? And it was emotional enough for her to burst out the studio. So what did you do?
Moca: What did I do...?
Moca: I... I always listen to her problems... and I try to do what I can to make her feel less stressed...
Lisa: Okay. So what do you want her to do?
Moca: I... I don't want her to quit the band. I want her to always be with us, so... I want her to face her problems at home... but that's just me...
Lisa: That's good. And I think you should tell her exactly that. All of it, just how you told me.
Moca: All of it...
Lisa: You're sweet, Moca. You're worried she might not want to hear what you have to say, aren't you?
Moca: I... Maybe...
Lisa: If Ran's really that important to you, it's no longer enough just being there for her.
Lisa: Being her friend... her best friend, means that you have to make sure she doesn't go down any wrong roads, take any wrong paths.
Moca: No longer enough...
Lisa: ... That was probably just me trying to sound cool. Hehe. The truth is, I'm kind of worried about Yukina, too... She tries to do everything herself, too.
Lisa: I always promised I'd be right by her side, as long as she was happy. Just standing there, wondering if she was making the right choices.
Lisa: ... Thinking back on it now, I wasn't doing enough either.
Lisa: I guess we're quite similar, you and me. ... That's why I don't want you to make the same mistake I did.
Moca: ......
Moca: Me and you, we're similar...
Lisa: At least, I think so.
Moca: I think... I'm probably cuter, though~.
Lisa: ... Haha! Hahaha! You are a strange one, Moca~. Maybe we're not so alike after all! I just think you should try talking to Ran again.
Lisa: I know you're not the most communicative pair... but there's no harm in trying, right? You're not going to fall out over something like this. Give it a go!
Moca: If I do fall out and smash into tiny little pieces, scatter them over the ocean for me~.
Lisa: Okay, sure. Anything you want, my cute little Moca.
Moca: It is great being so cute~.
Lisa: Okay, okay! Man, Ran really has some skill handling you, doesn't she?
Moca: Hehehe~, she does~. So I'll do my best, for her. I'll let you know how it goes, Lisa-san.
Lisa: I'll be waiting.
