band2-006 Chapter 6: What can I even do?

The girls meet to discuss Girl Jam, but Tsugumi has started to doubt her abilities...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After Practice]

[Studio Lobby]

Tomoe: I know we're all excited, and practice is very important, but we should probably work out the details of our set, too.
Moca: Sounds boring~. I'll leave you kids to it~.
Himari: No you won't! This is something we all need to discuss together.
Tomoe: ... Looking at this lineup, there are gonna some fairly well-known bands performing with us.
Tomoe: Like these guys here. There are rumors they're about to start their major debut soon.
Tsugumi: That is amazing... I bet they're all really talented performers, too... I wonder if I'll be okay...
Moca: Tsugu~, you're worrying too much~.
Ran: The event may change, the location may be new, but we'll always be performing the same as always.
Tomoe: Exactly. ... Now, about our set list for the show...
Tsugumi: (Wow... Everyone's talking through all the details already... I have to try not to get left behind...)
Tsugumi: (But I'm just not as good a performer as the others... I can't even bring everyone together like Himari-chan does... What exactly can I do...?)
Tsugumi: ......
Himari: Tsugu? Hello~? Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: ... Ah?! I-I'm sorry! Was I daydreaming?
Moca: Yup. You were even more out of it than me~.
Ran: You must be tired, Tsugumi. We don't have to do this today. We can pick it up again-
Tsugumi: I-I'm fine! I'm really fine, honestly! Hehe, I'm sorry. I was just thinking to myself, that's all. Come on, let's go through the set list!
Ran: ... If you're sure. So, for the second and third songs, I was thinking...
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... All right, we've decided on the set list, then. Next rehearsal, we'll go through all the songs and see how it all comes together.
Ran: Okay. Himari, don't forget to bring the details for our contact at Girl Jam.
Himari: Ah... I had completely forgotten...
Moca: What a great leader you are, Hii-chan~.
Tomoe: ... Moca.
Moca: Sorry~.
Tomoe: Don't get so down, Himari. We still have plenty of time to send back our reply. Just let us know if we can help, okay?
Himari: Uuu, thank you...
Moca: Hey, I heard that big record companies send people to Girl Jam, y'know~. Some bands even get scouted right then and there~.
Tomoe: Now that you mention it, I think I saw some industry types around last time I was there.
Himari: Fufu~, so you're saying we might get scouted too? "You kids, you've got just the sound we're looking for. Wanna sign up?", that kinda thing?!
Tomoe: Y-you sure bounced back quick, Himari...
Himari: And then, and then! We make our major debut and start our new super rich and famous future~!
Ran: Our future...
Tomoe: Haha. That's probably going a little far, Himari. I doubt that'll all happen from one show.
Himari: Really~? You never know, though! This event might be the start of something huge. We might look back on it from our giant mansions one day!
Tomoe: One day... I've never really thought about where we'll end up with all of this.
Ran: ......
Tomoe: I guess a big break isn't out of the question. Haha.
Ran: ... I want us to be like this. The five of us, in our band. I'm not interested in making it big.
Tomoe: Ran...
Moca: ......
Tomoe: I think I agree. As long the five of us are together, I want us to stay just the way we are.
Himari: Fufu. I agree too, you know! I mean, it would be nice to be super famous, but the most important thing is being here with you guys!
Tsugumi: I think so too!
Ran: ... I just want to focus on what's next. The event. No talk of debuts, or the future...
Moca: Yup. I just wanna focus on literally right now. We're having fun, and that's fine by me, hehe~. Isn't that right, Ran?
Ran: Not what I said.
Moca: Hehehe~.
Tomoe: (Moca really is good at handling Ran. ... It was stupid of me to talk about the future like that.)
Tomoe: (... Even so, Ran. All this talk of futures and the problems you have at home... How much longer are you gonna keep it to yourself?)
Tomoe: (You have all these great friends around you, bonds 10 years strong, and still...)
