event166-04 Chapter 3: The Pink Bun Bun Empire

Tae and LAYER form a band at long last! What name do they pick for themselves?!

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Lisa Imai, Rei Wakana)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Studio]

Tae: I really like the arrangement you just made, Rei! I didn't see it coming at all~.
LAYER (Rei): But you're the one who still managed to keep up. I'm impressed.
Tae: Well, we did go to the same music school.
LAYER (Rei): True. Why don't we give it another go then?
Arisa: H-hey, guys~.
Tae: Arisa? What are you doing here?
Arisa: You know, I just happened to be in the neighborhood. Figured I could swing by and see how you two are doing.
LAYER (Rei): You came to check on us? You're so nice.
Arisa: No, no, no, no. I really just happened to be in the area... So... How are things coming along anyway?
Tae: Not bad. We've finished two new songs.
Arisa: What do you mean not bad?! You guys have two songs already! That's more like being on a roll.
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu. It may seem that way, but we've just been going with the flow and playing.
Arisa: Well, as long as everything's going great, the how doesn't really matter. By the way, have you two picked a venue yet?
Tae: I talked about it with Rei, and we decided we can choose after practice.
Arisa: You guys better hurry or else all the live houses are gonna get booked.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks for worrying about that too... You really are nice.
Tae: She is, right? I'm so proud to have her as a friend!
Arisa: Sh-shut up! You're not supposed to say stuff like that out of nowhere!
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu. Now, now, there's no need to be embarrassed.
Arisa: I'm not embarrassed, okay?
Tae: And you're amazing too, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): What...?
Tae: We came up with two songs together. If that isn't amazing, I don't know what is.
LAYER (Rei): C-come on, Hana-chan~!
Arisa: Hahaha. There's no need to be embarrassed. Right?
LAYER (Rei): Ah~, I can't believe this. My face is burning up~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[30 Minutes Later]

Tae: Mmm~, that was so fun~.
LAYER (Rei): I know we still have to pick a venue and make other decisions, but tomorrow should be fine. So, see you tomorrow, Hana-chan.
Tae: See you tomorrow...
LAYER (Rei): ...? What is it?
Tae: It feels like it's been a while since you've said "See you tomorrow" to me. I like it.
LAYER (Rei): ... Yeah, that's true. I guess we'll get to say it to each other for a bit longer, huh?
Lisa: Heya, guys~☆
Arisa: Whoa! Hello, Lisa-san!
Lisa: Oh~, seeing as you three are together... I guess that means that thing you told me about before worked out, huh, LAYER?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, it did. Thank you for everything the other day.
Tae: Hmm? What's this about?
LAYER (Rei): I ran into Lisa-san the other day and told her we might be forming a band.
Lisa: You should've seen how excited she was. Your voice was about an octave higher, wasn't it, LAYER?
LAYER (Rei): I-it wasn't that high!
Lisa: Ahaha~, I'm just messing with you~♪ But I have to say, I'm so looking forward to your band~. And let me know if there's anything I can do☆
Lisa: By the way, do you guys have a name for your band yet?
Tae: Yeah! It's The Pink Bun Bun Empire.
Lisa, LAYER & Arisa: Huh...?
Tae: Ever since Kasumi brought it up, I've been thinking about what cool name to give our band.
Tae: Remember the pink and fluffy stuffed animal bunny at the music school?
Tae: That's why I'm thinking we can call ourselves The Pink Bun Bun Empire... Well?
Arisa: That's... quite the name... And you do know it was a stuffed animal cat, right...?
LAYER (Rei): The Pink Bun Bun Empire... It's cute. I like it.
Arisa: F-for real...? You sure about this... LAYER?
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I am.
Lisa: Ahahahaha. Congrats on the formation of The Pink Bun Bun Empire then~♪
Lisa: Don't forget to send me an invite once you decide on a concert date, okay? I'm so looking forward to it!
Tae: Of course! Our performance will be for music-lovers everywhere because that's the Bunpire's mission!
Arisa: You're already abbreviating it?!
LAYER (Rei): Alright, let's do our best again tomorrow... as The Pink Bun Bun Empire!
Tae: Yeah~!
