event166-03 Chapter 2: RAS and Poppin'Party

The two girls ask their respective bands for permission to form a one-day band.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Lisa Imai, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[The Next Day]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): What? A one-day-only band with Hanazono...?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, I'd like to try, but only if it's alright with you guys.
MASKING (Masuki): Sounds cool. I'm all for it. Right, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): So am I! We just finished a concert, so I don't think there are any timing issues either...
CHU² (Chiyu): I know you two are childhood friends, but why now? Are you training again?
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, I do not believe LAYER-san is-
CHU² (Chiyu): Silence! I'm asking LAYER.
PAREO (Reona): M-my apologies.
LAYER (Rei): I feel like I have to do this now so that I can take the next step to go forward.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
CHU² (Chiyu): Fine. I'm about to begin work on a new song anyway.
CHU² (Chiyu): How you spend your time is your business as long as it doesn't get in the way of band activities.
LAYER (Rei): CHU²...
CHU² (Chiyu): However... You're performing on stage, so this better be more than you just wanting to make some memories.
CHU² (Chiyu): I expect you to come out with something to show for it. Got it?
LAYER (Rei): Of course. I intend to.
CHU² (Chiyu): Then I've got nothing else to say. Do whatever you want.
LAYER (Rei): Okay. And... thanks...
PAREO (Reona): I am so happy for you, LAYER-san! I shall be wishing you well~♪
LOCK (Rokka): You're so lucky you get to be in a duo with Tae-senpai~! No matter what happens, I'm absolutely, positively, totally going to go and see your concert!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I'm lookin' forward to it a ton too. Lemme know if you need a hand, alright?
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, you guys.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

LAYER (Rei): "I got permission." There, sent. I wonder how things are going on Hana-chan's end. She said she would bring it up today in the basement...
Lisa: Ah, LAYER. Long time no see~☆
LAYER (Rei): Hello, Lisa-san♪
Lisa: Hmm? Did something good happen? Your pitch is higher than it usually is.
LAYER (Rei): O-oh, it must've slipped out... This is awkward.
Lisa: Ahaha, you're practically glowing with joy♪ So, what's the big secret~?
LAYER (Rei): Well, you see...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: ... So that's why I want to do a concert with Rei, and it'll just be for a day. What do you guys think?
Kasumi: That sounds super fun! I say go for it!
Arisa: Y-you sure you should be giving the green light that easily...?
Kasumi: Why not? Me and Rimi-rin performed together with Yukina-senpai and the others before. Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. And we still practice together sometimes.
Kasumi: You can learn a whole lot by playing with other bands~. You did the same thing with Kanon-senpai, remember, Arisa?
Saya: Kasumi... I think Arisa's worried about what happened during the Joint Culture Festival...
Kasumi: But there's nothing to worry about because O-Tae's one of us! Right, O-Tae?
Tae: I want to see what our music will sound like when we play together.
Rimi: It's going to be so exciting to see what your band will be able to do.
Saya: I don't mind either, but... Promise me you'll put on a show that blows our socks off, okay?
Tae: Then...
Kasumi: Yep, everyone's given their stamp of approval~! Good luck~!
Tae: Thanks, you guys!
Arisa: Good for you, O-Tae. It's not even my band, and here I am being relieved.
Kasumi: Ah, have you decided on a name for your duo?
Tae: Oh, right... Yeah, we need one.
Arisa: True. Since you're doing it, it makes sense to have a name.
Rimi: I think a cool name would work the best for the two of you~.
Tae: Thanks, Kasumi! I'll come up with something cool!
Kasumi: Mmm~, I can't wait~! And O-Tae... Good luck!
