1072_Rei Wakana_R4 Storm in a Sound Booth

Gacha phrase: Try to crush me.

<Songstress's Day Off>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Rei Wakana)

[Shopping Mall]

LAYER (Rei): Ah. The bookstore is under renovation... So much for that... There's still some time to kill before rehearsals.
Lisa: Hey there, LAYER~☆ Fancy meeting you here~.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Lisa-san. Long time, no see. Doing some shopping?
Lisa: Yeah, I'm meeting Yukina here~. So you come to the mall too, huh?
LAYER (Rei): Of course I do.
Lisa: Hahaha, fair enough. I mean, you're always so cool and stoic during your performances, you know?
Lisa: So the thought of you spending your days off hanging out or going shopping had never crossed my mind~.
LAYER (Rei): Hahaha... Trust me, I get that a lot. People think I don't have a life outside of music.
Lisa: A-ahaha~. Doesn't that mean that people are worried about you? They wouldn't ask if they weren't.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah... I guess that makes sense.
Lisa: So, what do you do when your band is on break?
LAYER (Rei): Hmmm... Let's see. I do spend a good deal of time doing stretches every day. I have to put extra care into my fingertips so they don't get stiff when we play.
Lisa: I see... What else?
LAYER (Rei): Huh...? What else? Stuff like running, voice training...
Lisa: Hm? Uh, LAYER~? Does any of that sound like time off to you?
LAYER (Rei): Huh?! H-how should I know? Ah, I also do maintenance on my bass, and-
Lisa: That... is more of the same. Then again, I suppose that suits you, hahaha.
LAYER (Rei): Urgh... I guess so. Speaking of which, how do you spend your days off, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Who, me? Well, I like to bake cookies or go shopping like I am today☆
Lisa: As you can see, I like fashion. It's easy for me to lose track of time when hunting for new cosmetics and other things~♪
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, that certainly sounds like a good way to spend your day off.
LAYER (Rei): When you look at it that way, I don't really have any hobbies that aren't related to music...
Lisa: Oh, so you're completely devoted to music, then~. Fufu, reminds me of someone.
LAYER (Rei): Huh? Who?
Lisa: ... Oh, right on cue.
Yukina: ... What? Am I not on time?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Minato-san. Hello.
Yukina: It has been a while, LAYER. I've never seen you hang out with Lisa before. What did I interrupt?
LAYER (Rei): We were discussing what we do on days without band practice. Even when I have time off, I spend it on music... I have no hobbies.
Yukina: I see... I also have no particular interests unrelated to music.
Lisa: Yep. I thought that you and LAYER resembled each other~. At least when it comes to music.
Yukina: Well, that's just what I've decided to prioritize. No one is forcing my hand, nor am I forcing it upon myself.
LAYER (Rei): ... I get what you mean. Music has simply become everyday life for me. Even when I have no shows or rehearsal, I find myself thinking about music.
Lisa: W-well, there isn't anything wrong with that. As long as you're able to relax, it shouldn't matter how you do it~.
Yukina: Yes, I agree. Then again... Ah, yes. I have recently been using some of my time on things unrelated to music.
Yukina: I'm now hanging out with my bandmates and members from other bands. I used to think that such matters were a waste of time, but they have allowed me to discover new things.
Lisa: Fufu, it's true that Yukina has changed quite a bit since our band formed. She's even willing to go shopping with me today!
Yukina: Indeed. My past self would have declined such an invitation.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I forgot that you two came to do some shopping. Sorry for taking up your time.
Lisa: Hahaha, no problem at all. We're just going to look around. What about you, LAYER? Have you changed at all since joining RAS?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, good question. Looking back on it... I suppose I have been spending a little more time on things outside of the music world.
LAYER (Rei): After going to Asahi Bathhouse as a group, I find myself occasionally going there on my own.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I've also started bringing gifts, like store-bought snacks or things I make. So I've gotten into a habit of checking for stores that might have any tasty-looking treats.
Lisa: Wow~! You're really branching out, LAYER.
LAYER (Rei): Well, my bandmates have been treating me kindly, so I guess the generosity has sort of rubbed off on me.
Lisa: Interesting~! I see nothing wrong with that. One way we discover hobbies is through the influence of others!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, it seems that way. And I'd be willing to bet that RAS has changed me in other ways I haven't even noticed yet.
Yukina: The changes within ourselves can be the ones we most easily miss.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah... Being in a band is something else. I never gave any thoughts to these things before joining mine.
Lisa: Hey, LAYER. If you're not busy, would you like to join us? I'm dying to know what sort of fashion you're into~☆
LAYER (Rei): Huh? Sure, but... you don't mind me tagging along?
Lisa: Not at all♪ Isn't that right, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes, I have no objections.
LAYER (Rei): Thank you very much. Then I will accept your offer.
Lisa: Okay~☆ Then it's an exciting shopping trip for three♪ Mind if we hit up the pet shop first? I hear the kittens are super cute~.
Yukina: ... Yes, we must hurry.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, this should be fun.


<It's All New to Me>

(Character: Rei Wakana)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew. With that chunk of work out of the way, I think it's time for a break at the café.
Marina: Hm? Over there with the notebook, is that...?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Hello. It's rare to see you having a drink at CiRCLE, LAYER-chan.
LAYER (Rei): Yes, I had some time before heading over to CHU²'s Penthouse. Are you two on your break?
Marina: Yeah, we're taking a quick breather. You seemed pretty focused earlier. Are you writing new lyrics?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, no, this is just some homework from school. I thought I'd chip away at it while I had the time.
Marina: Oh, homework~! Right, that makes sense. I mean, you are still a high school student and all.
LAYER (Rei): Hahaha... I don't look like one, do I?
Marina: Ah, s-sorry. You're so calm and collected that it's easy to forget sometimes...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, thank you very much. I'm used to it, so please don't worry.
LAYER (Rei): Besides, I actually have my fair share of childish traits. CHU² and I got into a fight the other day.
Marina: Huh?! You fought with someone, LAYER-chan?!
LAYER (Rei): Yes. While arguing about the band, we sort of reached a point of no return...
Marina: Oh, so it went that far. It's a little surprising to imagine you arguing with anyone.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm with you there. To be honest, I never imagined myself being able to say anything like what I did.
Marina: So, um... Did you two reconcile in the end?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, of course. We each said our piece and made up properly.
Marina: Oh, that's good to hear~. Tensions can rise when you're in a band, but leaving those feelings to fester can make things worse.
LAYER (Rei): That's true... We actually had another awkward episode a while back.  Because of that, we all wanted to make sure nothing like that happened again...
LAYER (Rei): Which lead to us bottling up what we truly wanted to say. In an effort to protect RAS, we avoided any kind of conflict.
LAYER (Rei): That's when Masuki and LOCK told me that we should fight it out because we are friends, not despite it.
LAYER (Rei): I understood what they meant once I tried it out. If we're not willing to give it our all, then we'll never be the greatest band out there... And I'll never figure out who I want to be.
Marina: Right. I think that is one way of strengthening the bond between bandmates.
LAYER (Rei): Agreed. But handling a confrontation isn't easy. It was my first time being in an actual fight too... Fufu, a part of me wonders if I was too reckless.
LAYER (Rei): I've been exposed to so much since joining RAS. I feel like it has become my gateway to trying new things and gaining new experiences.
LAYER (Rei): I want to continue that trend with my fellow members and grow even stronger... I want us to become the best band we can be...
Marina: Fufu. LAYER-chan, that's a nice expression you've got right now.
LAYER (Rei): Huh? R-really? Fufu, that's good.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, sorry. I should get going. CHU² will be angry if I'm late.
Marina: Sure, see you later. Give our regards to the rest of RAS.
LAYER (Rei): Alright, I'm off. Thank you very much for taking the time to speak with me.
