1122_Rei Wakana_R2 Wild Pop

<A Cute Movie>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rei Wakana)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

LAYER (Rei): Since I have some time to kill, maybe I'll just watch a movie. Let's see if they have anything interesting.
LAYER (Rei): Ah... A poster for "The Miracle of Starry Hill." That's the movie LOCK and Masuki talked about.
Mashiro: Sigh...
LAYER (Rei): Oh, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Hm...? Ah... LAYER-san.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry. I didn't notice you, even though you were right there...
LAYER (Rei): It's okay. I didn't notice you either until just now.
LAYER (Rei): Do you know this movie, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Ah... Well, I suppose...
Mashiro: I already watched it last week, but I feel like watching it again...
LAYER (Rei): I see. It must be a good movie if it makes you want to watch it multiple times.
Mashiro: It is! And you can get a free gift now. This week's gift is the type B postcard.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, so there's a type A too?
Mashiro: Type A was only until last week, but I also want the type B...!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you must really like the movie.
Mashiro: The characters are really cute, and the story's so nice and heartwarming.
Mashiro: I even recommended it to Tsukushi-chan yesterday...
Mashiro: Ah... I-I'm sorry! I've been rambling on and on...
LAYER (Rei): It hasn't felt that way to me. You've made me want to watch it even more now.
Mashiro: Th-that's good~...
LAYER (Rei): The next showing is... Ah, there's one at just the right time. Maybe I should go and get a ticket.
Mashiro: ...
LAYER (Rei): ...
LAYER (Rei): Umm... Would you like to watch it together?
Mashiro: Huh?
LAYER (Rei): Ah... I'm sorry. I invited you without considering you might have other plans.
LAYER (Rei): It's just that I wanted to hear more of what you have to say.
Mashiro: You do...? I don't think I'd have anything interesting to say, though...
LAYER (Rei): That's not true. I want you to tell me more about what's so good about the movie.
Mashiro: Uhhh... well, if you don't mind then...
LAYER (Rei): Thanks! Let's go get tickets then.
(Black cut)
LAYER (Rei): That was a good movie, wasn't it?
Mashiro: Yes...! I was even more moved than when I watched it last time.
Mashiro: Do you watch these kinds of movies often?
LAYER (Rei): Hmm, not really.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki and LOCK recommended it, so I thought I might be able to learn more about them by watching it.
Mashiro: I see... Just being able to share what you like can make you happy, after all.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, yes. And I even got to know you better.
Mashiro: Oh?! G-getting to know me better won't do you any good though...
LAYER (Rei): I'm going to brag about how I watched a movie with you to Masuki and the others.
Mashiro: Umm, I don't think it's much to brag about~...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I do.


<Your Unknown Side>

(Character: Rei Wakana)

[Fast Food Store]

LAYER (Rei): Oh, {{userName}}-san. Have a seat beside me, if you'd like.
LAYER (Rei): I'm waiting for Masuki. Are you done with work?
LAYER (Rei): We're going to help out another band as backup members. It's to repay a favor to a person I used to know.
LAYER (Rei): What's the difference between playing in RAS versus other bands...? It's been a while since I've done any backup work, but the biggest difference would be the atmosphere.
LAYER (Rei): We have to adjust our music to that band, so there's a different kind of tension.
LAYER (Rei): It makes us talk even less.
LAYER (Rei): Well, in Masuki's case, she's never been the talkative type. She's always been a bit of a lone wolf, even before joining RAS.
LAYER (Rei): But I think she's changed since joining.
LAYER (Rei): I had no idea that she ever felt lonely or that she likes cute things.
LAYER (Rei): Lately, I've started to think that Masuki herself has begun changing.
LAYER (Rei): She's become so much more expressive and happy. Seeing her that way makes me smile too.
LAYER (Rei): I think LOCK's the one who's bringing out this new side of her.
LAYER (Rei): There are times when her guitar makes Masuki change the way she plays the drums.
LAYER (Rei): But I also think Masuki's drums are helping LOCK improve the way she plays the guitar.
LAYER (Rei): Seeing the way those two affect each other makes me smile... And a little envious, actually.
LAYER (Rei): Now that I think about it, maybe I'm affecting the others in much the same way they're affecting me.
LAYER (Rei): I even fought with CHU² the other day! Fufu.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you for listening, though.
LAYER (Rei): I'll do my best to get to know the other members better in my own way.
