1151_Rei Wakana_R3 With the Greatest

Gacha phrase: I guess for starters, I want to leave everything out there onstage.

<Stage of Souls on Fire>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): We've got three hours until the show! LAYER, how is your throat faring?
LAYER (Rei): Never felt better. I can't wait to get out there and start singing.
CHU² (Chiyu): Great! That's why you're RAS's lead singer.
MASKING (Masuki): Ngh, these big live houses always get me itchin' to start playin'.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. Plus, this was the first live house we played at together, right?
PAREO (Reona): I am so excited for our performance! Just the thought of CHU²-sama's music being heard by so many people gets my heart racing faster than ever before~!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you're all incredible... My heart's been racing from nervousness ever since last night.
LOCK (Rokka): Especially when I remember that there are so many new people here who are going to see us for the first time...!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, we'll be fine. Practice went perfectly yesterday, after all.
LAYER (Rei): Just calm down and use everything we've learned up until now.
LOCK (Rokka): LAYER-san... Okay! Thank you very much!
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright then, it's time for our last meeting, everyone! Listen up, okay?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): I want to focus on our guests' first impressions of us today.
CHU² (Chiyu): Which is why our first song needs to be even cleaner than ever! Our performance needs to be so sharp, we drill ourselves into everyone's hearts.
CHU² (Chiyu): Especially that first note. More than anything, that's what I want you to focus on. We've worked on it so much.
LAYER (Rei): Got it. Leave it to us.
MASKING (Masuki): Then let's do this, loud and proud! We'll come at 'em like bang, boom, bop! Show 'em what we're made of!
PAREO (Reona): I'm going to try and make their hearts race like mine does when I discover an adorable outfit while I'm out shopping~.
LOCK (Rokka): Bang, boom, bop...? Adorable outfit...? Wait, what are we doing...?
CHU² (Chiyu): None of you are making any sense! Think about what you want to say in your head before saying it!
LAYER (Rei): ... What do you think, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, um... I-I...! I want our performance to feel like... eating a really salty dried fish...
MASKING & PAREO: Dried fish?
LAYER (Rei): Why fish...?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry, that's confusing, isn't it? I hear it sometimes in advertisements. "A taste that'll shock your senses!"
LOCK (Rokka): And I had some dried fish this morning for breakfast that was really salty, so...
CHU² (Chiyu): No! That doesn't make any sense either!
MASKING (Masuki): I dunno, I think I get what she's tryin' to say.
MASKING (Masuki): Hittin' them with a bang and all is good, but that’s not enough, right?
MASKING (Masuki): You gotta make it last. Like that feelin' you get when you've got that perfect side dish to go with your rice that. It makes you go, "Yeah, that hits the spot!"
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh... MASKING, not you too... Is there not a more eloquent way to put it...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... Alright, LAYER. What do you want to do?
LAYER (Rei): Me? ... Hmmm... Well...
LAYER (Rei): I guess for starters, I want to leave everything out there onstage. Everything that we've worked so hard on preparing for this moment... Our coordination, our skills, I want it all out there.
LAYER (Rei): It's not just that we're good or flashy. It's because we're RAS that we can put on the shows that we do.
LOCK (Rokka): Because... we're RAS...
LAYER (Rei): There's the five of us together, plus all those people in the crowd. We're giving it our all to make this the best concert ever. That's the sort of show I want to put on.
LAYER (Rei): In order for our guests to understand that's how we feel, I want to put even more heart and soul into this show than ever before.
MASKING (Masuki): Right. We'll come at them with everything we've got!
PAREO & LOCK: Yeah!
CHU² (Chiyu): Not bad. None of that was just talk, right?
LAYER (Rei): ... You'll just have to listen to us play and find out.
CHU² (Chiyu): You're on! Show me what you can do!
PAREO (Reona): Ah! CHU²-sama, don't you think it's about time?
CHU² (Chiyu): It is. I knew it was a good idea to assemble here early. Are you all ready?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Ready whenever!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I'm ready too!
LAYER (Rei): Nobody's forgotten anything?
PAREO (Reona): I'm perfectly prepared! I've also made sure to bring energy-boosting drinks and snacks for us!
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright... Then, our goal... RAS's goal, is to put on our best concert ever!
CHU² (Chiyu): Let's do this, everyone!
LAYER, PAREO, MASKING & LOCK: Yeah!


<Even Across Languages>

(Character: Rei Wakana)

[Edogawa Music]

LAYER (Rei): ... Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: LAYER-chan! Hi there! Are you here to do some shopping?
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. Strings, cords, I'm here for a bunch of stuff. Are you two here to shop, too?
Marina: Yeah, we're restocking some things for CiRCLE.
Marina: You know, a lot of people coming to CiRCLE have been talking about how great RAS was at your show the other day. It sounds like it went great!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, thank you.
LAYER (Rei): I'm actually here because I thought of some things during that show that I'd like to give a try.
Marina: Oooh, there's that drive to improve...!
Marina: It sounds like other bands saw RAS's show as good inspiration too. I heard them wondering how to make their shows as powerful as ours.
Marina: Everyone in RAS seems really passionate, but are your practices and meetings as intense as your shows?
LAYER (Rei): Hm... It's not rare for us to lose track of time, I suppose.
LAYER (Rei): Especially Masuki. Her ability to focus is incredible. If there's a phrase she hasn't gotten down to her liking, she'll spend as many hours as it takes to get it right...
Marina: Huh! That's amazing.
LAYER (Rei): Other than that, hm... Well, I guess our pre-show meeting before our last concert was pretty interesting.
LAYER (Rei): We were talking about making our show feel like bang, boom, bop, cute clothes, dried fish, and stuff like that.
Marina: B-bang, boom, bop...? Cute clothes and dried fish...? Um... What does all that mean...?
LAYER (Rei): Well... I think what they all wanted to say they wanted to make our show one that would stay with you for a long time.
LAYER (Rei): Everyone had their own way of putting it, but the important thing is making all our guests feel like they just got struck by lightning. Make them feel like this concert is the one!
LAYER (Rei): I think that's what everyone was trying to say.
Marina: I-I see.
Marina: I can tell from the way you all express things that there are a lot of very unique people in RAS, but... Isn't it hard having that much character in one group?
LAYER (Rei): Hm... True, we've got some pretty unique characters in our group. And yeah, they end up butting heads every now and then.
LAYER (Rei): We've all got stuff we refuse to back down on and that we're passionate about having done our way.
LAYER (Rei): But if you ask me, that's just proof of how serious everyone is about music and our band.
Marina: That's a good point. If it wasn't important to you, you wouldn't fight about it.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. And that's why being a member of RAS is more fun than anything in the world to me.
LAYER (Rei): They all break the mold, both in terms of talent and personality. And it's with them that I want to make the best music in the world... That's how I feel.
Marina: Oh, that's wonderful! You're making me even more excited to see what RAS can do in the future.
Marina: It'd be nice if RAS could come to CiRCLE sometime. You're always welcome there, and I know the other bands would love it!
LAYER (Rei): Thank you. If that's the case, then we'll have to make sure our show is just as good, if not better, than Poppin'Party, Roselia, and the rest.
LAYER (Rei): Well then, I've got to get going. Thanks for taking the time to talk with me, you two.
Marina: No, thank you! See you later, LAYER-chan!
