1316_Rei Wakana_R4 Nakana iNa kanai

Gacha phrase: But I won't cry because I'm sure we'll meet again.

<Coffee, Sugar, Tears>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[LAYER's Room]

LAYER (Rei): Thanks for sending me home, Masuki.
MASKING (Masuki): No problem. Bet you're pretty beat after your gig.
LAYER (Rei): There's that, but the fun I had was totally worth it.
MASKING (Masuki): I see. I really enjoyed you guys' show myself.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm glad you liked it.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, see ya. We've got practice from mornin', so hurry up and go get some rest.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, you're going already? You came all the way here, so why not have some coffee at least. My way of saying thanks for letting me hitch a ride on your bike.
MASKING (Masuki): You don't need to thank me for somethin' like that.
LAYER (Rei): Just a cup. The excitement from the concert hasn't died down yet... so I could use someone to talk to.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Fine.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks.
(Black cut)
LAYER (Rei): Here's your coffee. The sugar and milk are over here.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks. How much you want?
LAYER (Rei): It's alright. I drink it straight, remember?
MASKING (Masuki): You're in your damn room, so just drink whatever you want.
LAYER (Rei): I'm sort of getting used to the bitterness, and I think I'm even starting to appreciate it.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh... Suit yourself.
MASKING (Masuki): Anyway... Nice job with your The Pink Bun Bun Empire concert.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks.
MASKING (Masuki): What was that song...? "Nakana iNa kanai" or somethin' like that? Really hit me. I could tell how much heart you put into performin' that one.
LAYER (Rei): We promised we'd do a band together, and I'd looked forward to it all these years, so...
MASKING (Masuki): Can't believe you're alright with doin' just one show... Don't you feel sad or anythin'?
LAYER (Rei): ... No. I actually feel content now.
LAYER (Rei): Getting to be in a band with Hana-chan was like a dream come true. I enjoyed every second of our time together practicing and doing the concert...
LAYER (Rei): But now, it's time for me to move forward. I did everything I wanted, so I have no regrets.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Sniff.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki...? Why are you crying?
MASKING (Masuki): Who says I'm cryin'...? I'm not... but you ain't, so...
LAYER (Rei): Huh...?
MASKING (Masuki): You didn't cry either that time before...
MASKING (Masuki): Just seems like you're bottlin' things up again. Nothin' wrong with cryin' when you want to, ya know?
LAYER (Rei): ...!
LAYER (Rei): ... You're crying though.
MASKING (Masuki): I ain't cryin'. And stop makin' me repeat myself.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu... Thanks.
LAYER (Rei): But I'm not trying to bottle things up. It's true that I wanted to cry back then... but this time's different.
LAYER (Rei): I was able to give my all. And I'm really glad I was able to keep our promise.
LAYER (Rei): I'm not sad anymore because we got to do that concert, and I've realized that my promise with Hana-chan is what's made me who I am now.
LAYER (Rei): Plus... I've got someone who'll cry in my place. That's plenty for me.
MASKING (Masuki): Rei...
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, Masuki.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, no problem.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm so glad I joined RAS. I'm really grateful to everyone.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I know what you mean.
LAYER (Rei): All that talking's made me thirsty.
LAYER (Rei): I think I'll dump some of that sugar and milk into this coffee to sweeten it after all.
MASKING (Masuki): You do that... Wait, how much you addin'? Don't you think that's a bit much?
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, it's alright. Extra-sweet is just what I need today.


<Into Song Someday>

(Character: Rei Wakana)

[Park]

Marina: Hey, look at the little kids over there playing soccer. Fufu, they sure look cute, huh?
Marina: ... Hmm? I think that's LAYER-chan on the bench over there. Hey~, LAYER-chan!
LAYER (Rei): Ah, hello. Are the two of you shopping?
Marina: Yeah, but we're done now and about to head back. What are you up to?
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I was just taking a break... But looking at those kids there made me think about the past.
Marina: The past?
LAYER (Rei): Back in elementary school, Hana-chan and I spent a lot of time at the park. She'd play the guitar, and I'd sing... Fufufu, those were the days.
Marina: Oh~! That's a nice memory! Ah, by the way, I heard the concert you two did was amazing!
Marina: I had a feeling it would turn out that way because of how much fun you seemed to be having during practice~. You said the same thing too, didn't you, {{userName}}-san?
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, thank you. I think we did pretty well too.
Marina: I'm glad you did. We'll be sure to show up to the next one then!
LAYER (Rei): I'm sorry, the band was a one-shot, so we don't have any plans to perform again.
Marina: Oh well~. I suppose being in multiple bands at once isn't something you can do easily.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, you see, that's not exactly why...
LAYER (Rei): We formed The Pink Bun Bun Empire because we promised to make a band together when we were kids.
LAYER (Rei): But we each have our own bands now, so we agreed it should only be for a day. I really had a blast practicing and performing, though.
LAYER (Rei): On top of that, we were even able to discover music that we can play only because of who we are now... I'm really satisfied with how everything turned out.
Marina: I see. Well, I'm glad you were able to keep your promise.
LAYER (Rei): So am I. It's just that it's a promise that's been a part of me for so long that there are times when I feel a sense of loneliness...
LAYER (Rei): It's not like it's painful or sad or anything. Ahaha, I'm sorry. I'm not really sure how to describe it...
Marina: It's alright... I sort of get what you mean.
Marina: And if you ask me, a musician's music comes from all the feelings they've ever experienced: fun, joy, and even sadness.
Marina: So I'm sure the time will come when what you're feeling now will become wonderful music.
LAYER (Rei): I hope so too. I'd like to be able to express these feelings through music and song someday.
Marina: That's the spirit. I can't wait to listen to your performance when that time comes.
LAYER (Rei): I'd love to have you listen to it. Ah, I didn't notice the time. I'm sorry, I should go now.
LAYER (Rei): Goodbye, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
