1374_Rei Wakana_R4 Take My Hand

Gacha phrase: CHU²! It's your turn now! Change the world!!

<To Become the Brightest Star>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[After the Advanced Rock Festival]

[Station Entrance]

MASKING (Masuki): Man~, that was some festival~! Especially that main band at the end! Just hearin' them made me wanna play the drums!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I felt like getting back up on stage again, even though we just finished performing!
CHU² (Chiyu): They were okay, I suppose. I don't think they were better than us, that's for sure.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, that is the CHU²-sama I know...! Hmm? Are you alright, LAYER-san?
LAYER (Rei): ... Ah, sorry. I was thinking about how we got to be part of an amazing music festival.
LAYER (Rei): You could really tell how serious each band was about music and how much they wanted to entertain the audience.
LAYER (Rei): It made me wonder if this is what Kasumi-chan means when she talks about sparkling, heart-pounding feelings.
LOCK (Rokka): Truly incredible bands really do look like they're shining when they're performing, don't they?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. And it's not about the stage lightin' either. It's like there's this bright light comin' from them.
LAYER (Rei): Mm-hmm. Every member of every band shined regardless of their role.
PAREO (Reona): I know! Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes also shines! They're so radiant that I can't take my eyes off them when I watch their concerts!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sheesh. Stop looking at everything from the perspective of a concertgoer. You need to want to crush the bands we saw today...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, don't worry. I know.
LAYER (Rei): Whenever I saw people performing on stage, it made me want to do better than them.
LAYER (Rei): It didn't matter how much they shined. I wanted us to shine the brightest...
LAYER (Rei): That's the kind of band that I want to be the lead singer of.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Hmph. As long as you get it.
LOCK (Rokka): Ohh... It's like there's a fire in your eyes, LAYER-san!
PAREO (Reona): It reminds me of how you are during a show! Quiet, yet with passion smoldering inside... I rather like it♪
MASKING (Masuki): Argh... I can't take it anymore! Hearin' you talkin' like that just got me all stoked! No way I'm gettin' any sleep until I play the drums~!
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu, want some company then?
LOCK (Rokka): I'd like to join too!
PAREO (Reona): Such energy even after we just performed! That said, I must confess that I feel the same way too♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Jeez... You're all so hopeless, fufu...
MASKING (Masuki): What do you expect? You're talkin' to people whose only savin' grace is music.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, I know, alright. And I also know you're not going to find an available studio at this hour, so you can use my place.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow! Thank you so much!
LAYER (Rei): Ah, in that case, why don't we celebrate before we start practicing?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... What?
MASKING (Masuki): Great idea! We can grab some cake and food nearby!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, I heard there's a really nice cake place by the station!
CHU² (Chiyu): H-hey! I didn't offer my place for some partying!
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, a little celebratin' ain't gonna kill anyone!
PAREO (Reona): And I am certain the tasty food and sweets will allow us to play better than if we play while fatigued♪
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh. This is all your fault for suggesting it, LAYER...
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu, sorry. The idea just sort of came to me.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Do whatever you want. But all of you had better make sure you don't look the slightest bit tired when you're playing!
LAYER (Rei): That won't be a problem.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, would you also like to come to the bathhouse then? I'm sure a bath would feel amazing now!
MASKING (Masuki): I can just imagine havin' some of that sweet coffee milk once we're out! Alright, see you all later at the bathhouse then!
CHU² (Chiyu): Seriously?! Asahi Bathhouse too?! Wait... You're not all also planning on doing a sleepover at my place, are you...?
PAREO (Reona): Ohh~, a sleepover?! What a lovely idea, CHU²-sama!
LOCK (Rokka): A sleepover?! I need to do some packing...
CHU² (Chiyu): No, you don't! That's not what I meant!
MASKING (Masuki): Let's get goin'! No point talkin' about it here. Man~, I can't wait!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey! Stop ignoring me! Listen to what I'm saying!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, CHU²-sama! You might trip if you run while you are tired~!
LAYER (Rei): ... Fufu.
LOCK (Rokka): LAYER-san? We're going to be left behind if we don't hurry.
LAYER (Rei): You're right. I guess we should start running then.
LOCK (Rokka): Run?! Not you too?! W-wait for me, please~!
LAYER (Rei): (... I'm so glad I met RAS.)
LAYER (Rei): (I couldn't ask for better bandmates to try to create the ultimate music with...)
LAYER (Rei): (And someday... I want to become a lead singer that shines more brightly than anyone.)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<What Has Been Engraved>

(Character: Rei Wakana)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: It's a good thing the equipment repairs didn't take that long. We still have time, so we could go somewhere else...
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi, LAYER-chan. Thanks for using CiRCLE the other day!
LAYER (Rei): And thank you for letting us. I hope you'll let me borrow a studio when I need to practice on my own.
Marina: Of course! Feel free to contact us anytime. When you girls came, were you practicing for the Advanced Rock Festival?
LAYER (Rei): Yes, something like that. We were going over the best way to arrange our new song for the festival...
Marina: "CORUSCATE -DNA-", right? I saw the music video that got uploaded the other day! It was really cool!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, thank you very much. I think we managed to fully express all the music of RAS that's been engraved into us up to this point.
Marina: I think so too. It was a really awesome song~! Listening to it made me realize your songs always have a certain unshakable determination.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I know what you're talking about. Even when the musical style changes, what's at the core doesn't...
LAYER (Rei): And that's probably thanks to CHU².
LAYER (Rei): She always has her eyes set on where we should be heading.
Marina: Coming from a bandmember, I bet there's nothing that would make a producer happier.
Marina: But you were arranging the song without her this time, right? That seems unusual for RAS...
LAYER (Rei): Just between you and me... CHU² lost her way a bit while working on the new song.
LAYER (Rei): And that prevented us from clicking when we played it... That's why we talked it over and decided to arrange it ourselves.
LAYER (Rei): We tried putting everything RAS had given us and all the RAS music engraved into us into it. That's how the song came to be.
Marina: I see. I guess it turned out so well because CHU²-chan's music is a part of you now.
LAYER (Rei): Yes, I think so too. That's why it made me so happy when CHU² praised our arrangement...
LAYER (Rei): I felt like I'd finally managed to repay her for laying out a path for us to walk...
Marina: Ah. So you're saying you got your chance to give back to CHU²-chan what she gave to all of you?
LAYER (Rei): Exactly. And I think this process of giving and giving back the music that's been engraved is what's going to allow us to perfect our music.
Marina: Then I guess it's going to be CHU²-chan's turn next to return the music all of you gave to her, huh?
LAYER (Rei): Yes. And I'm sure it'll be even greater than anything she's written before.
Marina: You sure have a lot of faith in her. You're even making us look forward to your next song.
LAYER (Rei): You won't be disappointed. RAS' music has been engraved into us even more because of our recent experience, and it means it's only going to get better.
LAYER (Rei): ... Ah, I just realized I need to go to practice. Thank you both for listening to me.
Marina: No problem! You've given us even more to look forward to now!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, when it's time for our next concert, I'm sure we'll be able to show you a RAS that's even more unbeatable than before. Goodbye then.
