1392_Rei Wakana_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Fufu, thanks. Can't wait.

<The Joy That Lingers in My Mouth>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Happy birthday, LAYER-san!
PAREO (Reona): We have prepared lots and lots of sweets just for you today~!
MASKING (Masuki): You better get ready, 'cause we've made you a mountain of 'em!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, thanks. Can't wait.
CHU² (Chiyu): I never even imagined that my fridge would be packed with so many sweets...
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, you say that, but you helped out too, didn't you, CHU²-sama?
LOCK (Rokka): Making sweets with everyone was a lot of fun, huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): Shut up, you two! There's no need for that sort of info right now.
PAREO (Reona): Anyhow, it is time to begin~! Let's start with our special pancakes made just for you~♪
LAYER (Rei): Wow... Look at all that whipped cream. This looks really good... Can I get started right now?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! You've gotta take the first bite!
LAYER (Rei): Oh, this is incredible...! The cream isn't overly sweet either, so I feel like could eat these forever.
PAREO (Reona): That's because we all taste-tested them many times! We're very confident in this dish!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, LAYER. Watch it, you've got cream on your cheek. Seriously, you're not a kid anymore...
LAYER (Rei): Huh, I do?
MASKING (Masuki): Well look at that, Rei's got a cute side to her too.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, she really does!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, while you're there, let's take a picture, LAYER-san! This is a very rare moment!
CHU² (Chiyu): Definitely not one we can show our fans...
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha. Well, it's a bit embarrassing, but- Ah, let's get the pancakes you all worked hard on in the shot, too...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The First Bite Is...>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Rei Wakana)

[Shopping Mall]

Yukina: Oh? LAYER, is that you?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Minato-san, hello. What a coincidence.
Yukina: Indeed. That's quite a lot of bags you're carrying... Are you on your way home from shopping?
LAYER (Rei): Yes. The rest of RAS made me a bunch of sweets to celebrate my birthday the other day.
LAYER (Rei): So I was thinking I'd return the favor by making them all some sweets of my own. I came to shop for ingredients today.
Yukina: Handmade sweets...? Do you bake?
LAYER (Rei): No, I like to cook, but I haven't made sweets that many times. I have watched and learned from Masuki while she was making some, though.
Yukina: Lisa did mention how impressed she was at Sato-san's skills.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, that reminds me.
Yukina: ...?
LAYER (Rei): I was thinking that I'd like someone to taste-test my sweets before I give them to my bandmates.
LAYER (Rei): Could I ask you to help? I have a feeling you wouldn't hold back with your criticism.
Yukina: You want me... to taste-test? ... No, I shouldn't.
LAYER (Rei): No, please, I insist.
Yukina: If I were the first to taste your baking... What do you think the rest of RAS would say if they found out?
Yukina: You should feed your baking to people who would be happy about it regardless of whether you succeed or fail.
LAYER (Rei): That's a good point...
Yukina: Besides, my palate has been thoroughly refined by Lisa's cookies, so I don't think I'd be of much help.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, that makes sense.
Yukina: Still, I never would have thought the day would come where I would be chatting with you about sweets rather than music.
LAYER (Rei): Likewise. Alright, I'm going to get going then.
LAYER (Rei): I'll make sure my sweets turn out so good that the others can't help but say, "They're amazing."
Yukina: Fufu. Good luck.
