event264-05 Chapter 4: Feelings That Are Truly Mine

Yukina arrives for the second album meeting. Iikura asks about Lisa’s absence...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Yukina: —That's all for the progress on the lyrics.
Iikura: I see, understood. At this pace, it shouldn’t affect the release schedule.
Iikura: By the way, isn’t Imai-san here today? I thought she’d be involved in the lyric writing for this album...
Yukina: Yes. She wasn’t scheduled for today to begin with. And also...
Iikura: ... Is there some kind of trouble?
Yukina: I’m not sure if “trouble” is the right word, but there’s something you should probably know—
(Black cut)
Iikura: ...I see. So she overheard that conversation in the conference room that day.
Iikura: I’m terribly sorry about that...
Yukina: And in the end, it turned out just as you were concerned about. That stage was too soon for us... I realize that now.
Iikura: ......
Yukina: ...What?
Iikura: Nothing... I just didn’t expect you to make such a rational judgement.
Iikura: I figured you’d be more emotional, maybe even blame me, but instead you’re calmly accepting the truth and trying to move forward.
Iikura: I should’ve trusted you all more and been honest about my thoughts.
Yukina: It’s troubling to be treated like a child forever.
Iikura: Yes, my apologies.
Iikura: Somehow, whenever I’m dealing with Roselia, I get thrown off. I can’t even tell which of us is the adult anymore.
Yukina: That’s not what I meant to imply—
Iikura: There’s no need to be considerate. More importantly, about Imai-san...
Yukina: Yes. Like I mentioned, Lisa was especially shaken by all of it...
Yukina: Still, whether she writes lyrics this time or not, I’m sure she’ll be fine by the time we record the album.
Yukina: That much I can guarantee. But...
Iikura: But?
Yukina: I’m not sure that’s really enough.
Iikura: I see...
Iikura: Perhaps being too mature has its downsides as well.
Yukina: What do you mean...?
Iikura: Forgive me if this sounds rude. But it seems to me that the professional Roselia's Yukina Minato and you as yourself might not be in agreement.
Yukina: ...!
Iikura: And this is coming from someone who knew your father...
Iikura: If you’re unsure of your feelings, it’s better to be honest about even that.
Iikura: At least in my experience, waiting too long can make a rift impossible to bridge.
Yukina: Coming from you, that’s...
Iikura: Unfair?
Yukina: ...You're insufferable.
Iikura: That’s what being an adult is.
Iikura: Well then, let’s wrap this up. I have another meeting to attend.
Yukina: Thank you. I’ll see you next time.
Yukina: ...
Iikura: You're both so stubborn, it's uncanny.
Iikura: If I’d been a little less grown up back then... maybe we’d still be making music together.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: ......
Lisa: (...Normally I'd be practicing bass right about now.)
Lisa: (...I really should decide about the lyrics soon. Though, I guess I already have...)
Lisa: Sigh... I hate this. I don’t want to run anymore, but...
Lisa: ...! A call from Yukina...
Lisa: ...Hello?
Yukina: Lisa! I need to talk to you.
Lisa: Huh?
Yukina: I’ll be waiting at that park. Until you come.
Lisa: W-Wait, until I come...?
Lisa: Yu-Yukina!? What are you even—!?
