event97-01 Opening: Let's Start the Game

At Ako's request, Roselia has come to visit a theme park! But does she have an ulterior motive...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Theme Park - Grounds]

Lisa: Ooh! So this is the hands-on theme park people have been talking about~. It really is amazing in person~.
Sayo: Cobblestone pavement, brick houses, enormous fountains... They've completely recreated a European village.
Rinko: Technically... the concept is a fantasy setting... rather than European...
Ako: It looks like the park's been split into a bunch of areas that are made to look like different towns!
Yukina: I see. Hm? That person over there... They've got cat ears on top of their head...
Rinko: I believe... that is a cast member... They're playing the roles... of the townspeople.
Lisa: Ah, I just saw one too! There was someone with a lizard tail!
Ako: Me too! Doesn't it make you think we've actually been transported to a fantasy world?!
Lisa: Yeah, I know what you mean! It's like we've become protagonists of some sort of story, you know? I'm getting excited just walking around~♪
Sayo: Is that a restaurant over there? I'm looking forward to seeing what kind of food they serve.
Lisa: What would you do if they served you some roast dragon? That doesn't sound like something you could even bite into, right? Ahahaha!
Rinko: Well then... The participant registration is in that building... Everyone, let's go...
Lisa: Huh? Participant registration...? What are you talking about?
Ako: ...! U-um, that's, uh, I can explain...
Rinko: Ako-chan... Didn't you... tell everyone...?
Yukina: What's going on here? Ako... Explain yourself.
Ako: U-uh... Well, you see, this is, um~...
Ako: S-sorry! You see...
(Black cut)
Yukina: So basically, this theme park is doing a collaboration event with the game that you two play. Am I understanding you right?
Ako: Y-yes~... If we participate in this event, we can get some rare equipment to use in-game...
Lisa: Ah~, I get it~. It's the equipment you want, right?
Ako: Yeah... It's only available for a limited time because of the collab, and it's got a crazy strong ability...
Sayo: ...!
Yukina: Ako... I wish you would have told us beforehand.
Ako: Ooo, I'm sorry. I really was planning on explaining everything.
Ako: Once I saw you all getting excited, I wasn't sure when or how to bring it up.
Rinko: My apologies. I... assumed that you all knew...
Ako: I'm really, really sorry!
Lisa: Aw, come on. It's not something you've gotta apologize over. Anyway, it sounds fun, so why don't we give it a shot☆
Ako: Lisa-nee~!
Lisa: Yukina, Sayo, you're down too, right?
Yukina: Well, we did come all this way. It would be a waste to just leave.
Sayo: I agree with Minato-san.
Ako: Really?! Yukina-san, Sayo-san, thank you~!
Rinko: There's just one thing...
Lisa: Hm? What's up, Rinko?
Rinko: It seems that this event... is quite difficult...
Ako: We've gotta clear a bunch of missions around the park, but if we mess up even once, we've gotta start over from the very beginning.
Sayo: I see... That certainly does sound difficult.
Ako: Oh, and the missions we have to clear are different every day, so other people that have already finished the event couldn't give us advice even if they wanted to!
Lisa: Whoa~, that does sound really, really tough!
Rinko: Even in-game, I don’t see very many... people wearing the collaboration equipment...
Lisa: But you know, when you say that, it just fires me up☆ Isn't that right, Yukina?
Yukina: Indeed. We've overcome countless obstacles up until now.
Yukina: I see no reason for this event to be any different. Let's go.
Ako: Yu-Yukina-san... You're so cool~!
Sayo: Come, Shirokane-san. That exclusive equipment is waiting for us.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... Could it be you... actually want it...?
Lisa: Ahahaha☆　Alrighty, everybody, let's do this~♪
