event97-02 Chapter 1: The First Thing You Do

The girls have begun their first mission. Looking for clues, they begin their investigation.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Theme Park - Grounds]

Ako: We've officially registered for the collab event~! Okay everyone, here are your maps! Oh, Lisa-nee, could you hold on to this tablet?
Rinko: I can't believe... each group... gets their own personal tablet...
Lisa: According to the person at registration, our missions are gonna pop up on here, right?
Ako: Wow! Something showed up on the tablet!
Lisa: So this is the mission that we've gotta finish, right? Hm... It says, "When in Rome, do as the Romans do."
Ako: Huh? That's it!? No hints!?
Sayo: It doesn't look like it. "When in Rome, do as the Romans do." ... What on earth could this mean...?
Ako: Oh? Something else popped up... Wait, what?! "Time Limit: Fifteen Minutes..."
Lisa: Whoa! Guys, it started counting down!
Ako: Wait, we only have fifteen minutes? But we still have no idea what we're supposed to do~!
Sayo: Calm down, Udagawa-san. Haste only makes waste.
Rinko: "When in Rome, do as the Romans do". ... Rome must be referring to... where we are now... Right?
Sayo: I think that must be the case. Shirokane-san, you said this is a recreation of a fantasy world, correct?
Sayo: Then all we need to do is act as if we're residents of this world. Isn't that what it's saying?
Lisa: Huh~. You might be onto something... Actually, that's gotta be it!
Sayo: Udagawa-san. When starting this type of game, what is the first thing you do?
Ako: What do I do first, huh...?
Ako: ...Oh! Talk to the townspeople!
Sayo: I see. Well then, let's start with that. If we're wrong, then we can just try something else.
Sayo: Udagawa-san said earlier that failing a mission means restarting from zero. But we're only on the first mission anyway, so we have as many chances as we need for this.
Ako: Oh yeah, you're right... Alright, then let's start talking to the townspeople!
Lisa: Um... When you say townspeople, who does that include...?
Rinko: I think that means... the cast members we saw... acting as people from this world...
Ako: Hey, Rin-rin! Look over there! That person's dressed up as some sort of knight!
Rinko: Ah, there is a person... dressed as a butler over there... They must also be a cast member.
Lisa: Okay~. Then we'll just have to split up and ask around! Somebody's gotta be holding onto a clue, right?
Yukina: Um... Lisa? A question, if I may. I have absolutely no idea what's happening...
Lisa: Ahahaha... Well, as long as you stick with us, you'll be fine, Yukina! Everyone, move out!
Yukina: Understood... I'll try not to get separated from the group.
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Lisa: There really were cast members all over the place, huh~? Well? How'd you guys do? Anybody find a hint?
Rinko: No... Nothing...
Lisa: Huh~. I didn't really hear anything that seemed like a clue either...
Sayo: Could there possibly be someone we haven't spoken to yet...?
Ako: We've covered pretty much everyone in this area though~... Hm? Huh? Is there someone there inside that building? The one that looks like a fruit shop.
Lisa: Ah, you're right! It's so dark that it's kinda hard to see, but there's definitely someone in there! Let's take a look!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Theme Park - Outside The Fruit Shop]

Lisa: Hey, is anyone there?
Fruit Seller: Welcome! Would you like to try some of our delicious sliced fruit?
Ako: Hello! We've got something we want to ask you!
Fruit Seller: Hello. Business first, then we can talk. Pick what fruit you want to buy♪
Rinko: I think... this must be... a required step...
Ako: Okay! Got it! Then I'll buy something! ...Huh? Are these price tags? There's a bunch of letters I've never seen before written on them...
Sayo: These must also be from that fantasy world as well.
Lisa: Hey Ako, what're you gonna get? If we don't hurry, we're gonna run outta time!
Ako: O-oh, yeah! Okay, then I'll buy this apple!
Fruit Seller: Fufufu, good traveler. That's not an apple, that's an "appa."
Ako: Oh, even the name is different... Ok, then I'll take one "appa!"
Fruit Seller: Thank you for your business♪ I'll just wrap it up in this paper, okay? By the way, are you tourists? If so, then I highly recommend you visit the mansion in the center of the town.
Ako: Mansion? By mansion, do you mean... that building off in the distance? The one that looks like a castle?
Fruit Seller: Yes. It's a particularly popular spot for travelers to our town. Everyone who comes here always heads there, you know♪
Yukina: Hm? The tablet made a sound.
Ako: Oh! Look, look! It says, "MISSION CLEAR!"
Lisa: We did it! So basically, all we needed to do was ask the townspeople where we needed to go next.
Rinko: That certainly... is the first thing you do... in an RPG...
Sayo: Look. We only had one minute left.
Ako: Ah~, that was close~! We were really down to the wire!
Lisa: If all of the missions are gonna be like this... Ahaha... It really does sound like a whopper of an event, huh...?
Ako: Hm? Something popped up again! "Travelers who wish to reach their destination, grasp the insignia in your hand."
Lisa: Insignia...? What's that?
Sayo: An insignia generally refers to a symbol that designates one's status or rank...
Rinko: I suppose.. items with insignias... do show up quite often... within RPGs...
Sayo: Judging from the clue's context, it must also be some sort of permit needed for us to enter the mansion.
Lisa: Um, guys...? It says, "Time Limit: Sixty Minutes."
Ako: Okay, then let's start by finding that insignia! Everyone, we've got this!
Sayo: Of course. That exclusive equipment is as good as ours.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... It sounds like... you want it too...
Yukina: I still haven't the faintest clue of what's going on...
Lisa: It's fine, don't worry about it! All you have to do is follow us! Alrighty then, everybody, let's go find this insignia thingy! Off we go!
