event154-07 Ending: Farewell, SAGA

It's finally time to return to Tokyo. The girls are reluctant to leave.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Saga Airport - Lobby]

Maya: Whew~. A lot happened, but I still feel kind of sad that we already have to say goodbye to Saga today.
Chisato: Yes. But we have no choice. There is work waiting for us back in Tokyo.
Eve: Ah... Over there, is that...? Tatsumi-san! Good morning!
Tatsumi: Good morning~. Oh, it's just you guys. Can you not surprise me like that?
Aya: Tatsumi-san... Um... Could it be...? Are you here to see us off?
Tatsumi: Nooo, I'm not~, I'm here to see the planes off~. I'm here to watch them fly away, like zoom zoom into the sky~.
Hina: Ahaha♪ What's that supposed to mean? Tatsumi-san, you're so weird~.
Tatsumi: I don't wanna hear that from Tokyo-dwellers like you.
Tatsumi: The Gabai Gabai Festival was a hit. I got to see the citizens of Saga experience joy from the bottom of their hearts. So for that... I'll thank you. But only a little bit.
Chisato: Tatsumi-san...
Eve: Um... I called you impolite the other day, but your words of encouragement were very helpful! Thank you so much!
Maya: Seriously. We were really worried for a second there, but in the end, I'm glad we came to Saga.
Hina: Yeah, and we got to see all sorts of fun stuff, too~♪ There's a lot of pretty boppin' places here♪
Aya: I heard from the staff that when our zombieness got revealed, someone came in and yelled at them not to stop the show... That was you, right?
Tatsumi: I dunno what you're talkin' about~.
Hina: Huh~? But they said the guy had sunglasses on and some squid tentacles sticking out of his pocket~.
Tatsumi: There are bucket loads of people like that around here~. Having squid sticking out of your breast pocket's all the rage right now here in Saga~!
Maya: Uh, we can at least tell that's definitely not a fashion trend here.
All: Fufu... Ahaha!
Tatsumi: Looks like you've got some other visitors. Look outside.
Aya: Th-that's...!
Festival Staff: Pastel＊Palettes! Thank you so much for making our festival a huge success!
Hotel Staff: Come to Saga again sometime!
Hot Springs Assoc. Member: We'll always be waiting for you~!
Eve: There are so many people! They are all waving at us!
Aya: Oh... I'm so happy... I... love Saga so much...
Hina: Awww, Aya-chan, are you getting all choked up again? Don't you think this has been happening a little too often lately~?
Aya: I'm just so happy, though~. Saga's become such an important place to me.
Tatsumi: Alright, safe travels and all that. Stop that sniveling and get on goin'! Your job is to be the shining oasis for that barren desert that is Tokyo, ain't it?!
Tatsumi: Okay! Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go!
Chisato: Goodness, arrogant until the very end. Tatsumi-san, please wish all of the poor girls under your supervision the best of luck.
Tatsumi: Oh? I think the agency that gives their idols body cream that turns them into zombies is the one that really needs luck here.
Tatsumi & Chisato: ... Hmph...!
Eve: Fufu. It was a fierce fight between the two of them until the very end.
Aya: Please keep an eye out for us in the future.
Tatsumi: Sure, I'll look you guys up. Just remember that I don't tolerate mediocrity, got it?
Aya: Of course!
Tatsumi: Oh! And if the chance ever arises, please get along with Franchouchou, okay?
Hina: Sure, no problem~♪ Any girls that you produce have gotta be super interesting~. It'd be nice if we could meet them someday!
Maya: Well then. I think we should probably get going. To both you, Tatsumi-san, and the people of Saga...
All: Thank you so much!
Tatsumi: An idol's job starts and ends with a greeting. Hmph. Even Tokyo idols can do good work, I suppose. Now then, I think it's time for me to get back to saving Saga.
(Black cut)
Chisato: Hm? Where's Aya-chan?
Eve: She said she wanted to grab some dried squid for ViVidCanvas and ran towards the souvenir shop.
Chisato: Aya-chan... You already bought so much yesterday. Why would she buy more stuff?
Hina: Then I'm gonna go too! I'll get more stuff for Sis~♪
Maya: What? But Hina-san, you bought a lot yesterday too, didn't you?
Chisato: She's right, Hina-chan. I don't think Sayo-chan needs that much squid.
Hina: Awww, really~? Then I'll get her some warasubo ramen!
Chisato: No. Absolutely not.
Announcer: Beginning last boarding for our flight. All passengers bound for Haneda Airport, please make your way to the gate now.
Maya: We're almost out of time! Aya-san, where are you?!
Eve: O-oh no! I cannot contact Aya-san with my phone!
Chisato, Hina & Maya: What?!
Eve: Aya-san~! Where are you?!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Aya: Now that I've got Marina-san's souvenir, I should be all set. Fufu, I hope everyone likes their gifts~♪ Ummm... The gate was this way, right?
Aya: ... H-huh?! It's already past the flight time! Wait, that plane that took off right now... Was that mine?!
Aya: I've got to call the others...! N-no way... My phone's out of battery~!
Tatsumi: Whoa there. You're still here?
Aya: Tatsumi-san! I-I think I got left behind~!
Tatsumi: What?! What the heck are you doing~?! You clumsy city girl! What are you gonna do? Now what?
Aya: Now what...? Oooh, what do I do~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
