event154-03 Chapter 2: Even Rotting, We're Still Idols

The girls decide to hide their zombified looks and head to do their report on the foot baths!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[During Filming]

[Ureshino Hot Springs - Foot Baths]

Aya: Good morning, everyone! We are...
All: Pastel＊Palettes!
Maya: We're an idol group based out of Tokyo. Today, we'll be visiting all sorts of places around Saga and showing you all the things that make Saga so great!
Eve: Starting with the foot baths at the Ureshino Hot Springs. There are already very many people here early in the morning~. They all seem like they are very comfortable!
Chisato: Let's have a word with one of the guests. How is the water today?
Tatsumi: Man, the temperature's just perfect. It warms you up right to your core, and my skin feels silky smooth. I can see why this place is one of Japan's top three hot springs for beautiful skin.
Chisato: The man from yesterday?!
Tatsumi: Ding ding♪ And now, a question. In the ninth year of the Bunsei era, what German doctor visited Ureshino to do botanical research on the region? You obviously know, right?
Chisato: Of course. Um, it was Seib-...
Tatsumi: Whoops, time's up. If you're gonna do a report on a place, doing some research on it should be common sense, shouldn't it? As a Saga native, I'm terribly disappointed~.
Tatsumi: And that's all from us here! Now back to the studio!
Aya: Th-there isn't a studio to go back to! We're shooting a video!
Photo Crew Member A: Cut the camera~. Um, excuse me... We'd appreciate it if you didn't let the interviewees take over... Let's take a quick break.
Maya: S-sorry!
Tatsumi: Zero points, all of you! You didn't get across what's so great about these hot springs at all~! Is that supposed to pass for a good interview in Tokyo? Awww, must be nice havin' it easy like that.
Chisato: We strive to do quality work at all times, of course. And we would like to interview a regular customer, so would you please get out of the way?
Tatsumi: Hmph...! Looks like you've done a decent job hiding those zombie faces of yours.
Eve: Yes! Maya-san did a very good job with our makeup! It is truly an expert's work! She is an old hand at this, as they say!
Maya: Th-that's a bit much, Eve-san. I just studied up on this sort of stuff in case I'd ever need to use it for a play.
Tatsumi: Well, just do your best trying to hide your zombieness! If you get found out, it's all over... Your idol careers will be dead! Dead or dead!
Maya: Th-that's over exaggerating a little...
Hina: Ahaha, you hear that? "Hide our zombieness!" Tatsumi-san sure says some funny stuff!
Aya: Huh? Looks like there's a crowd of people gathering over there. Including our TV crew...
Chisato: Excuse me. Did something happen? It seems quite lively over here.
Photo Crew Member A: Well... Remember the hotel you stayed in yesterday? I guess there was a zombie sighting there that same night!
All: What?!
Photo Crew Member A: It's been the talk of the town ever since... There was actually a zombie sighting here once before, but this time it's right before a big festival...
Photo Crew Member B: Which means lots of tourists coming in from out of town. It'd suck to have rumors like this ruining Ureshino's image...
Hina: This... is probably our fault, huh~?
Chisato: Instead of drawing positive attention, we've done the complete opposite...
Aya: W-we've got to make sure we don't make things any worse...!
(Black cut)

[After Filming Resumes]

Eve: There are many more people watching us now.
Maya: They must have come to see the idols performing in the festival after they heard we're here filming.
Hot Springs Assoc. Member: Sorry for the wait! Now, please enjoy one of our hot spring's famous dishes, our boiled tofu!
Eve: Wow, it looks delicious!
Hina: Alright, Aya-chan. You can handle the food review!
Aya: Okay! Here I go~!
Aya: Ah, oh, it's hot... but it tastes really good! It warms you right up, and... Oh, I'm sweating...
Chisato, Hina, Maya & Eve: ...!
Chisato: A-Aya-chan! The sweat! If it drips anymore, your makeup will start running...!
Aya: Ah! Y-you're right. Thank you for the treat!
Hot Springs Assoc. Member: Huh? I-is that all you're going to eat...? Um... Was it... not to your liking...?
Aya: No, not at all! It really did taste good! Uh, I... I'm just not that good with hot foods, so... I was just going to wait until it cooled off a bit...
Hot Springs Assoc. Member: But... it's meant to be eaten hot...
Aya: Ahahaha, th-that's totally right, huh?!
Aya: (Wh-what do I do~?!)
(Black cut)

[After Filming]

Hina: Looks like we managed to hide our zombieness somehow~. That was a great save, Maya-chan!
Aya: Thanks, Maya-chan. Thanks to that cold water you gave me, I managed to finish that whole bowl.
Maya: No need to thank me. If you'd eaten it as is, your zombieness would've been revealed right then and there. I'm just glad there was a vending machine close by.
Chisato: "Zombieness"...? That strange man is rubbing off on you two.
Chisato: But never mind that. Thanks to Maya-chan, we somehow made it through that shoot.
Tatsumi: Was that good enough for you? Really~? You call that a good shoot?
Eve: T-Tatsumi-san! How did you get behind us?!
Tatsumi: Do you think you got across to the people watching how good Ureshino's boiled tofu is with that~? You think they'll wanna get a taste of that dish from that review~?
Tatsumi: To truly appreciate boiled tofu, one must eat it piping hot! There is no alternative! Like this, watch... Ow, ow ow, hot, hot, hot!
Tatsumi: Then, as your face shines with sweat, you say, "I-it's sooo good~♡"... Like that!
Hina: Ahaha! Tatsumi-san, you're super good at food reviews! But I guess normal Aya-chan would probably be like that, too!
Tatsumi: Hmph! If you can't even do a good job on a simple food review like this, you can go on and get back home to Tokyo~! You Tokyoites!
Chisato: As much as we appreciate the advice, we have another shoot coming up soon. Excuse us.
(Black cut)
Chisato: Why do I have to listen to that man talk to us like that?
Aya: C-come on, Chisato-chan. Don't get too mad at him.
Hina: Yeah, I mean, he was saying some pretty producer-like things back there. Like, "Do you think you got across to the people watching?"
Maya: Now that you mention it, you're right. I guess Tatsumi-san actually is a producer, huh?
Chisato: That doesn't make him any less suspicious... Everyone, we must make sure the next shoot goes perfectly.
Eve: Wow! Chisato-san... You are on fire!
