event154-04 Chapter 3: Warasubo of the Dead

Next up is warasubo fishing! As the girls work hard, a certain someone appears on the scene...!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[During Filming]

[Warasubo Fishery]

Aya: Next, we're here at the site where people catch Saga's famous fish, the warasubo! Anyone can come here and give warasubo fishing a shot, so we're here to try our luck too!
Hina: Warasubo? What kind of fish is that?
Maya: It's a very rare fish that can only be caught here in the Ariake Sea. It's supposed to taste really good when dried. Let's do our best to catch some!
Chisato: Indeed. But warasubo live in mud flats, which means that we're going to have to get muddy too.
Eve: Whether it be jumping into fire or jumping into mud, we are idols! That is our job!
Hina: Yeah! Plus, it actually sounds pretty interesting♪ But gosh, look how popular warasubo fishing is~! There are so many people here!
Aya: Huh? Wait, that person fishing over there...
Hina: Oh, it's Tatsumi-san. Wow~! He's caught so many~♪
Tatsumi: Phew... With fluid, beautiful movements, I take this fishing tool called a subokaki and save the warasubo from their mud prisons. This is the true beauty of warasubo fishing...
Chisato: You again...
Tatsumi: That's my line. I ask the Warasubo Fishing Federation whether they'd let my idols advertise for them, and again you've stolen my work from right under my nose.
Chisato: That's not our fault and you know it. You're just searching for a reason to argue now.
Tatsumi: Hmph. Don't underestimate Ariake's mud flats! Good luck fighting the soil!
Photo Crew Member: No need to worry. If you all get covered in mud, we've got hoses ready to wash you off. See...?!
Aya: U-um... Don't you think the water pressure's a little high?!
Photo Crew Member: Sorry, we couldn't adjust it... But it'll get you clean! No doubt about that!
Maya: Are you sure...? With that amount of water...
Eve: Our makeup will get washed off... and our zombieness will be revealed!
Tatsumi: Fufu... Be careful out there...! Ahahahaha!
Chisato: He's right. We'll have to be especially on guard for this shoot. Things are not going to end well for us if we fall face-first into the mud.
Hina: I mean, yeah, I'll be careful, but~... I'm not the one you should worry about...
Chisato: Right... I'm more concerned about...
Chisato, Hina, Maya & Eve: ...
Aya: Wh-why are you all looking at me? At least say something~!
Hina: Alrighty, how about we get started? Mud, here I come... Whee! Ahaha, this is fun~!
Chisato: Hina-chan, I just told you to be careful...!
Maya: Ahaha... But with Hina-san's athletic skills, I imagine she'll be fine...
Eve: Yes! Hina-san is moving very quickly through the mud! As expected!
Hina: Hm? I feel like there's something here... Could it be...?! Ready, set... Got one~!
Hina: So this is a warasubo~! It looks like an alien~♪ Everyone, look! I caught one~!
Maya: Oh, already? That's our Hina-san for you. Now let's see what these warasubo actually look lik-...
Maya: Ahhh~!
Aya: M-Maya-chan?!
Maya: Wh-wh-wh-wh-what is that?!
Hina: What do you mean...? It's a warasubo.
Chisato: Goodness, Maya-chan. You don't need to scream that loud. It's just a fish...
Eve: Maya-san, do you not like fish?
Maya: Th-th-th-that's not it...!
Aya: Hina-chan, let me see, too...
Aya, Chisato & Eve: ...!
Aya, Chisato & Eve: Eek~!
Eve: Th-this is a warasubo?! Is this really a fish?
Maya: L-look at that thing...! Those recessed eyes, the misshapen teeth, how it wriggles around... It really does look like an alien!
Aya: Yeah, it does. It's honestly kind of gross... a-and a little scary...
Hina: Aww, it's fine, Aya-chan. You're too much of a scaredy cat! Look, it's such a good boy! See♪
Chisato: H-Hina-chan! Don't point that thing at us...!
Hina: Alright, I think I'm getting the hang of this♪ I'm gonna catch a whole bunch in a flash~!
Eve: H-Hina-san! You are splashing mud on us! Please stop!
Aya: Hina-chan, stop it... Eek!
Eve: Aya-san?! Are you okay?!
Aya: Owie... I'm fine, I fell on my butt, so we're still okay! Good save, butt!
Chisato: Um... Aya-chan... As idols, we really shouldn't be talking about our butts so much...
Maya: Hina-san~! Did you forget?! No mud on the faces!
Hina: Oh yeah... It was fun, though~. Well, whatever. Fine, I'll play it safe now~.
(Black cut)

[After Filming]

Maya: Phew... Looks like we managed to hide our zombieness this time, too. We didn't get any more mud on us after that.
Hina: Well, yeah, but...
Aya: You really saved us, Hina-chan. I bet if things were normal, you'd have caught even more warasubo than you did today.
Tatsumi: As expected of Tokyo idols, you even fish all prim and proper.
Eve: A-again you sneak up on us from behind! Tatsumi-san, are you a shinobi?!
Tatsumi: Who are you calling a shinobi? I said I'm the Mysterious Idol Producer, didn't I!?
Tatsumi: Everyone, are you all satisfied with how you did today? Huh? You are? Really? Seriously? Wow~.
Chisato: Yes, and we take pride in our work.
Tatsumi: Pfft. "Take pride," huh? Pfft. Even though warasubo fishing is all about getting down and dirty, you're acting like you're all big shots after that cheap show...
Tatsumi: If you think that display got across to anyone how awesome warasubo fishing is, you're totally wrong, you city girls!
Hina: Right?! I wanted to catch way more too! I wanted to learn lots more about warasubo!
Chisato: Let's go, Hina-chan. Excuse us, we have preparations we must make for tomorrow.
Aya, Maya & Eve: E-excuse us...
Tatsumi: H-hey! I'm not done talking here! What, you gonna leave here without even tasting a warasubo?! There's a restaurant over there. They're a delicacy, you know... They're really good!
Tatsumi: Yup... Those girls are "dead," alright.
