event154-05 Chapter 4: Our "Dead" Selves

The girls run into Tatsumi-san while looking at stalls at the festival. He has some serious words for them...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Gabai Gabai Festival - Street Stalls]

Eve: Wow, there are so many stalls set up! There are candied apples, cotton candy, and even goldfish scooping here. I am very happy to be here with all of you!
Hina: Eve-chan, let's try the shooting gallery over there! C'mon everyone, let's go!
Maya: Shooting gallery? I like the sound of that~. We don't have rehearsal until this afternoon anyway, so let's relax and take it easy while we can.
Aya: Chisato-chan, why are you so fidgety today?
Chisato: Tatsumi-san showed up wherever we were yesterday, so I'm wondering whether he'll ambush us again today...
Eve: Do not worry! I will protect you, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Fufu, thanks, Eve-chan. Just don't get too excited, or your makeup will wash off.
Hina: Eh, we'll probably be fine. We managed yesterday, didn't we~?
Aya: Yeah... I guess.
Maya: Aya-san? What's wrong?
Aya: I mean, the shoot wasn't bad, but... I don't think it was that good, either...
Tatsumi: That's because you're all "dead."
Aya, Maya & Eve: Eek!
Chisato: You again... What do you mean, "dead"? That's quite rude if you ask me.
Eve: Yes! Very impolite!
Tatsumi: True, you have managed to hide your zombieness...! But... that's all you've done!
Tatsumi: Can you call what you've done up until now your full potential? Can you hold your heads high and say that?
Tatsumi: ... Or are your true selves "dead"?
Chisato: Y-you talk as if you know us.
Tatsumi: Of course I know you! I had to know who my idols lost to, so I bought your CDs, watched your videos, listened to you on the radio, and watched All Fun and Games... I did my research.
Aya: Th-thank you very much.
Chisato: Still, we have unique circumstances this time. We have to make sure we don't ruin our makeup...
Tatsumi: "Unique circumstances", huh? I thought you were supposed to be idols that could overcome any obstacle in your way. You think you can live up to all your fans' expectations with that attitude?
All: ...!
Tatsumi: I won't ever forgive you if you give a half-baked performance here at the Gabai Gabai Festival, you got that...?!
Aya: Tatsumi-san's right.
Aya: Yesterday, I was worried whether or not my makeup was okay the entire time. And whether my zombieness was still hidden. I was so worried, I couldn't even laugh right.
Eve: Really? I felt the same way.
Aya: "Our true selves are dead." Right now, we really are zombies...
Chisato: True... We've been so preoccupied with hiding our faces, we haven't been able to focus properly on our work.
Hina: Right~? I thought it'd be way more fun trying to hide how blue we look~, but it wasn't boppin'♪ at all.
Aya: During our shoots and while we were moving around, it made me really happy when all those Saga people told me how much they were looking forward to the festival.
Aya: So that's why we've got to make sure we meet all of their expectations and more with this show! Tatsumi-san's right, we've got to give it our all! We've got to be ourselves!
Eve: Yes! Let us show the people of Saga the strength of Pastel＊Palettes' idol spirit!
Hina: Okay~♪ I'm not gonna go easy on anyone anymore~!
Maya: I'll make sure to be extra thorough with the makeup so we can perform at our maximum potential!
Chisato: Good idea. Let's do our best.
Chisato: (Still... I know that even if we take all the precautions we possibly can, there's no telling what might happen onstage...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Outdoor Concert Venue - Dressing Room (Tent)]

Hina: Aw man, it was so sunny before, too. Now look at the weather.
Eve: It is just a light sprinkle. Maya-san worked extra hard on our makeup, so I think we will be okay. The problem is...
Announcement: "This is an announcement for all festival guests. Due to equipment issues, today's show will be delayed."
Maya: Not good... Who would've thought the van with all of our equipment in it would get a flat tire...
Aya: Do you think they'll be here soon...?
Festival Staff: Everyone! Looks like the equipment van's finally arrived!
Festival Staff: But they've still got to get everything unloaded and ready, which will take a little longer...
Aya: A-a little longer...
Maya: We're already running pretty late, though... Is this going to be okay...?
Chisato: ...? Hina-chan, what are you doing?
Hina: I'm taking a peek outside to see how the audience is reacting. I was just wondering what everyone's faces are looking like, you know?
Aya: L-let me see too...!
Audience Member A: Are they still not ready yet?
Audience Member B: Yeah, this is taking a little too long. And I even came all this way just to see them.
Tatsumi: ...
Maya: Oh, there's Tatsumi-san!
Eve: He came to see us...!
Audience Member C: I'm done here. Tokyo idols sound cool and all, but I'm ready to go look at other stuff.
Audience Member D: Yeah, and the weather doesn't look so good, anyway.
Eve: Oh no... The guests are leaving!
Maya: I'll go give the staff a hand! We can't disappoint these people! Not after they came all this way to see us!
Hina: Yeah. I'm with Maya-chan!
Eve: Yes! You have my support as well!
Chisato: Calm down, everyone. I know how you all feel, but we can't afford to ruin our makeup before the show...
Aya: Um, excuse me, I'm going to borrow this microphone...!
Chisato: Aya-chan, you're not thinking of-...?!
Aya: If it's just me, I don't need any instruments onstage. I'll buy you all time, okay?
Chisato: ...!
