event27-06 Chapter 5: The Vast Night Sky

Absorbed in their discussion about lyrics, the girls look up to find an expansive night sky.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Himari: A-a-a-choo! Ugh, I'm so cold...
Tsugumi: We've been up here for a while. Are you okay, Himari-chan? Do you need my jacket?
Himari: Aww, Tsugu, thanks. I'll be okay...
Tomoe: It's getting pretty dark out here though... Maybe we should wrap things up soon?
Ran: That might be a good idea. It's so dark I can barely see what I'm doing...
Moca: Ugh. So cold...
Ran: You okay, Moca? Don't go and catch a cold. Let's pack up and get out of here.
(Black cut)
Tomoe: That about does it, right? Let's get...
Tsugumi: ... Ah!
Himari: Hm? What's up, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Look! The sky! The first star of the night!
Moca: Huh? Where?
Tsugumi: Over there on the right...
Himari: Ah, I see it!
Tomoe: Oh, there it is! Man, you always spot the first star the moment it pops up, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: There's only one shining spot in the dark night sky. It's easy to find!
Moca: Who looks up at the pitch-black sky anyway~? Hey, I still can't find it...
Tomoe: True... You might have a weird streak, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: You think so? Oh, but! I don't think I ever used to pay attention to it until I went stargazing with Ran-chan and Kasumi-chan.
Tsugumi: I got interested in the stars after that! Telescopes are too expensive to just go and buy though, but... I sometimes go out onto my veranda and look at the stars before I go to sleep.
Himari: Wow~, I didn't know you made a hobby of it, Tsugu.
Moca: I might have to take a look from my veranda sometime too~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! Give it a try! It's a little cold these days, but it feels really nice and helps clear your head!
Ran: That sounds refreshing.
Tsugumi: Even if the sky isn't completely dark, sometimes it's fun to look at it in a different way and try to find a star.
Ran: Look at things in a different way, huh...
Tomoe: Hey, I like that way of thinking, Tsugu! You went stargazing too, right Ran? Do you...
Ran: ...
Tomoe: Ran?
Ran: What Tsugumi said just now got me thinking.
Ran: We ended up in different classes in second grade of middle school... and I started hanging out on the roof by myself.
Ran: At the time, the roof was a place I'd run away to. It was only a negative place for me.
Himari: Ran...
Ran: But after starting the band with everyone, it's become like our base... And now it's an important place to all of us.
Ran: Just by resetting how I feel, a place that I used to only see in a negative way is now something really special. Isn't this kind of like what Tsugumi's saying about the night sky?
Tsugumi: Ah...!
Ran: My feelings towards the roof, and how Tsugumi now looks up at the sky. Now that I think about it, these are both things we see with a broader perspective.
Moca: We just didn't realize it, but I guess we're all growing at our own pace then~?
Moca: Hey, Hii-chan, do you think I might've grown taller~?
Himari: Hmph, Moca's at it again! Even if you have grown taller, we see each other too much for me to notice!
Tomoe: But, you know... We might be growing in these little ways here and there like that.
Tomoe: There's just no way for us to tell since we're always together.
Moca: Yeah, that's what I'm talking about~.
Ran: Now you're just pushing it.
Tomoe: Tsugu opened our eyes this time, huh?
Tsugumi: Huh, what? I wasn't trying to do that but, I'm kind of happy I did.
Himari: Tsugu always brings up these important kinda things at just the right time, huh~?
Ran: And Moca's the one who just jumps on board.
Moca: What~? I wish you'd realize just how important Moca-chan is~.
Ran, Tomoe, Himari & Tsugumi: Ahaha!
Ran: ... We only looked at the sunset up until now, but after the sunset comes the night sky.
Ran: Today I realized the night sky isn't a bad thing.
Himari: Yeah! Let's make a thing out of finding the first star of the night!
Tomoe: We might discover other new things if we keep looking at the sky on different days.
Tsugumi: Yeah! I think we will!
Tomoe: Part of the reason we saw the sky tonight is  Pastel＊Palettes. We owe them our thanks.
Ran: ... We sure do.
