event27-02 Chapter 1: What is Growth?

The girls of Afterglow receive a surprising request from Pastel＊Palettes. What will they decide...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: How was it, Hii-chan? Your big trip to the talent agency.
Himari: Oh my god, it was amazing! ... Wait, that's not what we're here to talk about!
Tsugumi: That was an amazing turn of events, huh...?
Tomoe: I don't think I can accept the idea of someone else performing a song that we've written. I can't find the right words to explain it, but... it just doesn't sit well with me.
Himari: Hrm... It's not like we're just letting them do a cover of one of our own songs either.
Ran: Tomoe said it too, but we didn't start a band just to be famous or anything like that. Honestly, I don't get the angle the agency staff was going for.
Tsugumi: The thing about them helping improve our popularity by writing a song for  Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Tomoe: All we need is for things to be the same as usual. You guys agree, right?
Himari: Yeah, I guess...
Tsugumi: Hrm...
Ran, Tomoe, Himari & Tsugumi: …
Moca: If no one's feeling it, then why make ourselves do it?
Tsugumi: But if we do this, we might find a way for us to grow! Maybe it's worth giving it a try...
Ran: I get what you're trying to say, Tsugu, but... what kind of growth are you talking about? How are we going to improve by saying yes to this?
Tsugumi: Well... umm...
Moca: But, you know~, we've done a whole bunch of things in the past just because they were a new challenge, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah! Like Girl Jam, and stuff like that!
Himari: Actually, starting the band in the first place was kind of a challenge, when you think about it. Tsugu and Tomoe had some experience, but the rest of us were complete beginners.
Tsugumi: Yeah, that's right! I think we always come back with something when we take on a new challenge! I can't put it into words properly, but...
Tsugumi: Umm, so what I mean is...
Moca: If we think of this as a challenge and give it a shot, we might find something for ourselves~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! That's what I was thinking!
Himari: Moca, you just stole the good part from Tsugu...
Moca: Sorry, my bad. I've got this habit of saying the right thing at the right time~.
Tsugumi: I can't imagine how we'll grow by writing a song for  Pastel＊Palettes, but...
Tsugumi: I'm sure we'll find something, just like we always do! That's why I think we should do it!
Ran: Tsugumi...
Himari: I agree with Tsugu! I think we can grow! And I think we can find something in all this!
Tsugumi: I know we usually just let you handle the lyrics, Ran-chan, but we can help if you need it! We can all put our heads together.
Tomoe: True... there's no point going on about it before we even give it a try.
Moca: Good old Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Moca, you low key like saying that, don't you...?
Tsugumi: Chisato-san said she wanted us to give an answer that we're happy with. I'd rather try it and regret it, than regret not trying it!
Himari: What do you think, Ran? Why don't we give it a shot?
Ran: ... Okay. Let's do it.
Tsugumi: Yeah...! Let's give it our best!
Moca: Mitake-kun. I expect only the greatest song ever from you~.
Ran: (Growth, huh...?)
Moca: Hey, Ran~, don't ignore me~.
Ran: Tsugumi, could you contact Eve and give her the OK about the song?
Moca: The neglect~!
Tomoe: But it was you who Hina-senpai contacted in the first place, right? Don't you think it should be you who responds to her?
Ran: ... Yeah, but... you know how Hina-san is...
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Okay then! I'll get in touch with Eve-chan.
Ran: That'd be a big help.
Moca: Hii-chan, Ran's ignoring me~.
Ran: Ugh, okay, okay! Enough already!
Himari, Tsugumi & Tomoe: Ahahaha!
Tsugumi: (A new challenge...! I hope we can get something special from all of this...!)
