event27-03 Chapter 2: Our Strengths

Writing the new song proves to be a struggle. In order to pick up some hints, Ran and the others take time to watch a Pastel＊Palettes rehearsal.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Ran: ...
Himari: I came up with a bunch of phrases, but none of them hit the spot...
Tomoe: We don't really even have common ground with  Pastel＊Palettes besides that group performance we did...  I don't think we have enough material to work with to write a song.
Tsugumi: Eve-chan works part time at our cafe, but we don't exactly have much of a connection in terms of music~...
Tsugumi: Maybe I should tell Eve-chan that we're having some trouble with the song...
Tomoe: ... Yeah. I hate to admit it, but I don't think we're going to get anywhere with this one on our own.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Thanks for coming today, everyone!
Himari: It's so amazing that we get to see real idols in rehearsal!
Ran: ... Himari.
Himari: Aww... s-sorry...
Chisato: Fufu, it's okay. We set up some chairs for you. Take a seat.
Tomoe: I'm sorry we're troubling you like this.
Maya: It's fine! We would prefer this not to be too stuffy today, so please, sit back and relax!
Eve: Okay, let's begin our training session!
(Black cut)
Hina: Hey~! What did you guys think of our performance?
Himari: It was so nice! You guys even rehearse the things you say on stage! Idols are really amazing...!
Hina: Ohh, that's just because Aya-chan has to think about what she says before she actually says it! I guess she's kinda unique like that~.
Aya: Ugh... that was blunt...
Tomoe: I-I'm not sure how I should react to that one...
Maya: Ahaha~... I'm sorry about this...
Chisato: So, now that you've seen us perform again, what was your impression this time?
Tsugumi: It was really cute!
Moca: Aya-san looked me in the eyes so many times! Could it be she has a thing for me...?!
Aya: Whaaat?!  Umm... it's not like that... Err, I know it sounds strange to say that too, but uh...
Tomoe: Ah, feel free to ignore Moca. She's always like this.
Aya: Umm, I'm sorry... We always try to look at every member of the audience when we perform, so I'm glad you noticed!
Himari: Why do you look at everyone when you perform?
Aya: Because a performance isn't a performance with just us standing on the stage. It only becomes that when there's an audience there to see us, so...
Aya: We want them to know that we're seeing them too and that we're glad they came.
Tomoe: So you mean your top priority when you perform is the audience?
Chisato: I suppose so. We bear the name of  Pastel＊Palettes now. We want the audience to see  the best possible performance that they can.
Chisato: We are always conscious of the way the audience sees us.
Tomoe: Bear the name, huh...? Doesn't that kind of thing put pressure on you?
Chisato: Hmm... I guess it does... We belong to a talent agency and as professionals it's only natural we represent it properly.
Himari: Professionals, huh...?
Tsugumi: This professional thing is really amazing~... Eve-chan looked really dependable when she was playing on stage~!
Eve: Did I really?! I looked dependable to you?
Tsugumi: Yeah! You were really great! Seeing you perform like that made me feel more motivated.
Ran: ...
Maya: Is something the matter, Mitake-san? If you have any questions about our performance, just let us know!
Ran: It's not a question or anything, but... when we perform we don't look at the audience's faces or think about them at all really.
Ran: This isn't the right way to say it, but... I'm not sure how I feel about it.
Maya: That kind of thing is the appeal of Afterglow if you ask me.
Himari: What kind of thing...?
Maya: The free-spirited way you guys perform! You're not pretentious, but you're also larger than life. Especially with Mitake-san's vocals...
Chisato: We do our thing and you do yours.
Chisato: Every band has its strengths and weaknesses. I think the way each band brings all of that together is what makes them unique and attractive.
Tsugumi: Th-there's something amazing about the way pros see things...! I'd never thought about it like that.
Aya: We weren't always a happy family from the beginning, you know?
Chisato: That's true. We've been through a lot since the band formed.
Ran: Tell me more.
Moca: Ooh, Ran's getting into this~.
Ran: I-it's just to help me write the song.
Chisato: Fufu, I'm happy you've taken interest in us. It's going to take a while, but... I'll tell you the entire story.
