event27-07 Ending: A New "Same as Always"

The members of Afterglow make it through the song-making process without any mishaps. What do Ran and the others feel after going through this experience...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Himari: S-so this is it, huh...?  We're gonna play our new song for Pastel＊Palettes...
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: ...
Moca: ... You guys, I think I caught a cold when we were on the roof writing the lyrics.
Himari: You bring that up now?!
Tomoe: Ahaha... I think that just eased the tension for me.
Aya: Sorry to keep you waiting, everyone!
Himari: Oh, Aya-san!
Hina: You guys finished the song~? C'mon, play it for us~!
Chisato: Yes, I'd love to hear it too.
Ran: Okay, here it is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Maya: This song is wonderful! Hard rock with the telltale Afterglow kind of speed! This is great!
Staff: As Maya-san says, this is a wonderful song! Allow me to thank you again for accepting our proposal.
Chisato: I am impressed that you could make such an amazing song in such a short time. You must've worked hard.
Staff: We are truly glad that we opened a dialog with you about this! Thank you very much!
Himari: Wh-what a relief~...! I'm so happy you liked it!
Aya: You wrote about us in the lyrics, didn't you?
Ran: Yeah. The things you told us and how we interpreted them... That's what the lyrics are about.
Eve: This part about "azure" and "the color of the sky showed us the way" ... Is this about us too?
Hina: Our band name has the word "pastel" in it, but none of our outfits or themes have an "azure" feel to them. Why'd you go with that~?
Ran: W-well...
Moca: Ran, give 'em the facts~.
Ran: Umm... After hearing what you told us, we kind of realized that our world and the way we see it is really small and narrow.
Ran: Our band name comes from the sunset we saw together, but I guess everything you shared with us made me realize that the sky has other colors besides the ones when it sets...
Ran: ... You know, this is really embarrassing...!
Chisato: Fufu, don't worry, I can appreciate what you're trying to say. Ran-chan, and everyone else, thank you for writing such a wonderful song for us.
Aya: I'll sing the lyrics you wrote with all my heart...!
Himari: Okay! I can't wait to hear it!
Hina: I'm gonna make the guitar parts really boppin' too~♪ I can't wait to play it~!
Moca: Make sure there's a hint of Mocatastic in there too~.
Hina: Mocatastic? What's that like? C'mon, tell me~!
Tomoe: Those two are just... wow.
Himari: Yeah...
Eve: Tsugumi-san, could you give me some advice about how to practice your part?
Eve: Afterglow made painstaking effort to write this song! I want to make sure I understand what you felt when you performed it!
Tsugumi: Okay! If you think I can help, then sure!
Aya: Ran-chan, Tomoe-chan. How did you feel when you were writing the song?
Tomoe: Umm, well...
Aya: I was kind of wondering because both of you seemed a little uneasy when we first talked about it.
Ran: Will you get angry if I am honest with you...?
Chisato: No, it's okay. Don't worry♪
Ran: ... I might sound scary saying this, but... to be honest, I wasn't happy about it in the beginning. I feel that our songs are ours and no one else's...
Ran: We just want to do our thing the same as usual, so to be honest I just didn't get why the staff here was talking about raising our popularity or stuff like that.
Ran: But after we actually started making the song, I realized things like how insignificant we are, and how fun it can be to look at the sky at night. So, um...  I guess it can be good when things aren't always the same as usual.
Tomoe: So basically what we want to say is that it was fun writing the song. I felt the same way as Ran in the beginning, but I learned a lot from this.
Ran: H-hey...!
Aya: Ahaha! I'm glad to hear that! I was kind of worried.
Chisato: It can be good when things aren't always the same as usual... Realizing this must be a big thing for you as well, I imagine.
Ran: Yeah, I think so.
Chisato: I'm glad. It sounds like all of you found a way to grow from this.
Ran: Yeah, so, umm...
Ran: Th...
Tomoe: Thank you for this!
Ran: Tomoe!
Tomoe: Ahaha! You really aren't honest with yourself, you know that, Ran? At least learn how to thank people~!
Ran: Hey... it's not like I can't say it!
Himari: Huh? What's going on?
Tomoe: Hm? Oh, we were just talking about how Ran isn't honest with herself!
Ran: Quit it, okay?
Chisato: ... I guess is what they meant by "the same as always."
Aya: Yep, I think so. Fufu, they look like they're having so much fun!
Himari: Aya-san, Chisato-san! Would you mind if we take a group photo?
Aya: Ooh! Let's do it! I'm in! C'mon, Chisato-chan, you too!
Chisato: Yes, of course♪
