event27-01 Opening: A Sudden Request

Ran receives a message from Hina after rehearsal, but what's written is completely unexpected...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Himari: You'll never believe what Kaoru-senpai did next...
Tomoe: Ahahaha! There's never a dull moment when it comes to Seta-senpai~!
Ran: Oh, I got a text.
Ran: ... What the?!
Himari: Huh?! What's up, Ran?! Hey, you weren't even listening, were you~?!
Moca: Don't worry, Moca-chan was doing the listening for her~. You were talking about being a bun-girl or a rice-girl in the morning, right~? Naturally, I'm a... bun-girl!
Himari: Hmph~! That's the last thing I'd talk about!
Tomoe: Ran, is there an emergency or something?
Ran: I'd call it that. I got a text from Hina-san.
Himari: From Hina-senpai?! I didn't know you two even talked.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan and I went stargazing with Hina-senpai that time!
Ran: Yeah, and since then I get random texts from her.  "You're so pointy, but then you kinda smell kinda floaty!" Stuff like that...
Himari: Wow... I have no idea what any of that means...
Moca: So~, what did she send you this time?
Ran: Ran-chan, write a song for us! ...
Tomoe: Us... as in Pastel＊Palettes?
Himari: Huh...?
Tsugumi & Himari: Whaaat?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Moca: Ooh~. So this is a talent agency~.
Himari: Wow...! Do you think we'll run into any celebrities while we're here?!
Tomoe: We're about meet some, aren't we? The girls from Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Ah! Ran-chan, Tsugu-chan! Over here!
Ran: Hina-san! H-hey...
Chisato: I apologize for having you come down here on such short notice.
Tsugumi: I-it's fine!
Chisato: I had Hina-chan show me the text she sent to Ran-chan... No wonder you were surprised.
Hina: Really? I thought it was good how it was simple like that.
Maya: Ahaha... Anyway, one of the staff here will explain things in more detail. Please, come on in!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Staff: Thank you very much for coming today.
All: ...
Chisato: Relax, you don't need to be so tense... I suppose it's easier said than done though.
Ran: Umm... Hina-san contacted me about us writing a song...
Staff: That's right. We were hoping it would be possible for you to write a song for  Pastel＊Palettes!
All: !!!
Staff: We believe there is something special about the larger-than-life lyrics and powerful music that Afterglow writes! But especially the lyrics! The way you capture what can only be written by a high school student is marvelous!
Moca: Hear that~? Nice work, Ran♪
Ran: U-uh, sure...
Chisato: If you agree to write a song for us, we'd like to give you full freedom with the music and lyrics.
Staff: It will definitely get people talking and I believe that playing a song with a different musical direction will help  Pastel＊Palettes grow as well.
Staff: We are also thinking we could help contribute to Afterglow's popularity... I believe it is a good deal for all parties.
Staff: We would love to work together create something that we can all be proud of... What do you say?
All: ...
Ran: I don't have anything against  Pastel＊Palettes, but the idea of making a song just to get  people talking...
Tomoe: I'm with Ran on this one. And besides, our band has never been about being popular or anything...
Himari: T-Tomoe! Ran! Calm down...!
Chisato: This is a big deal for both us and you. We don't expect you to make any decisions on the spot.
Chisato: We don't want you to give an answer that you might regret.
Chisato: Take your time to this about this. We'll wait until you're ready to give an answer that you're happy with... You have no problem with that, right?
Staff: I think that's the best way to approach this. We await your answer when you're ready to give it.
All: …
