event27-04 Chapter 3: Great Effort for a Great Song

After hearing everything Aya and the others have been through, the girls of Afterglow think about how they face their own challenges.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: ... I think that's pretty much the entire story.
Afterglow Members: ...
Hina: Oh, she's stunned. Hey~, Ran-chan~?
Ran: Uh, y-yeah...
Hina: You okay?
Aya: It must be a bit of a surprise, huh? But I think it's because of all those things we experience that we were able to find who we are.
Aya: Also... sticking to what I believed in is what made me realize that I can shine. Now that I look back on it, I'm glad it all happened.
Eve: That's right! A lot of things have happened since we formed the band, but I am glad that we experienced all of them!
Hina: How did you guys end up forming Afterglow, anyway?
Tomoe: We just started the band so that we could always be together... Umm...
Himari: It's almost hard to talk about after hearing what you just told us... It was really uneventful compared to what you went through...
Hina: Isn't it a good thing if nothing went down?
Chisato: I think it is. It's not as if people can't grow without experiencing conflict, after all.
Ran: ...
Moca: Uneventful? Lot's of things happened with us too though, right? Tomo-chin and Ran had that mega fight...
Ran: Hey, Moca...!
Tomoe: Even then, that was, well... Compared to Pastel＊Palettes, it was really insignificant...
Chisato: I don't think it matters if it's a big thing or not. What's important is that the five of you are still here even after that fight.
Eve: Which means that you were able to make up with each other! I think that's a really lovely thing!
Chisato: The fact that you were able to overcome something is what's important. The fact you tried to face the problem...
Moca: ... So mature.
Chisato: Fufu. I've been in this industry for a long time, so I guess I am... a little.
Ran: ... Trying to face something...
Ran: Do you mind if we watch you practice for a little longer?
Hina: Not at all! Let's do that song one more time, you guys!
Aya: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Himari: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is amazing~.
Tomoe: Yeah. I never would've thought that'd they gone through something as dramatic as that...
Moca: That was crazy, huh?
Tomoe: Yeah... It was so dramatic I can't even find the right words...
Tsugumi: Aww, should we really be writing for people that amazing...?
Ran: ... I want to do it.
Tomoe: Ran, you seem pretty intent on this whole thing. Is there something going on?
Ran: I can't put the something into words, but... I feel like I can almost tell what we'll be able to find for ourselves by writing this song...
Ran: Which is why I want to see it through to the end.
Moca: Ooh~, that was cool, Ran~.
Tsugumi: Yeah... Yeah, you're right! I'm sorry I started doubting us when I was the one to push for it in the beginning.
Ran: So, about my idea for the song...
Tomoe: You've already come up with something? Let's hear it!
Ran: Aya-san said that sticking to what she believed in is what let her shine in her own way, right?
Ran: Even then, that was, well...  Compared to Pastel＊Palettes, it was really insignificant...
Tomoe: True, making an Afterglow-kind-of song would be the most satisfying way for us to do this. And besides...
Tomoe: There's something that just gets me pumped when I think about us going all out on something!
Himari: Okay, then let's write a song that totally shows what we are!
Moca: Hoh~!
Himari: Hmph! The hoh part comes later~!
Moca: Hey, hey~!
Himari: You've got the order all wrong~!!
Tsugumi & Tomoe: Ahaha!
Ran: ...
Ran: What we are, huh...
