event27-05 Chapter 4: Our Little World

After Himari's suggestion, the Afterglow members go to the roof so they can write their lyrics. The discussion of what kind of lyrics they should write begins...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tsugumi: The song itself is starting to feel right, so I guess we should start thinking about the lyrics, shouldn't we?
Ran: Yeah. It's not bad considering we've only had a few days to work on it.
Himari: Mufufu~. Hey, you guys! I've got an idea.
Moca: You know something bad is coming when Hii-chan goes mufufu. What is it this time?
Himari: Hmph! My ideas are never bad! I've got the perfect place for us to think about the lyrics. Follow me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: Ohh, this is the place you were talking about!
Himari: Yeah! I thought we should write the song in a place that has our kind of vibe. I know it's a little cold up here, but if we have some hot drinks or something it'll be fine!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, this is amazing!
Moca: You did pretty good, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Ehehe~, right?
Tomoe: Hey, Ran. Do you have an idea in mind for the lyrics?
Moca: Gonna try putting "shuwa shuwa" in the lyrics or something~?
Ran: Uh, I don't think so...
Tsugumi: How about putting the things everyone in Pastel＊Palettes experienced into the lyrics?
Ran: I suppose we could use what they told us about for the lyrics, but I think that'd still lack something.
Tomoe: True. I think Tsugu's idea of putting their experiences into words is a good one, but they're the ones who actually experienced it all, not us.
Tomoe: We could know everything there is to know about it, but I think it'll still sound a little shallow.
Moca: This is a tough cookie~.  I think it's okay to go full Afterglow on the music,  but can we do that with the lyrics too?
Tsugumi: Hrm...
Ran: What kind of lyrics show who we are anyway?
Moca: Hmm, lyrics that have an us-kind-of vibe?
Ran: Can't you, like... be more specific?
Moca: It's kind of like our songs are the things that come with the stuff that Ran writes into her notebook when she needs to let something out...
Tomoe: Which means...?
Moca: Umm... that the things Ran and the rest of us experience are what end up in our songs?
Himari: True, the lyrics to our songs are always based on things in our lives, huh?
Ran: I feel like they just won't hit the spot any other way... I guess I just did it unconsciously.
Moca: Isn't that what they mean by larger than life? Singing about the things we've seen and felt.
Himari: Hey, I was just thinking...
Himari: Instead of just putting the things that  Pastel＊Palettes experienced into the lyrics, shouldn't we just write about how hearing about those things made us feel?
Tsugumi: Oh...! You're right, if we do that it'll fit in with the usual way we write our lyrics!
Tomoe: Yeah, that's it! If we're going to go all out, then let's go all out the same as usual.
Ran: Okay... I might be able to come up with something good.
Moca: Hii-chan, you nailed it. That's why you're our leader.
Himari: Hehe! You're not wrong!
Tsugumi: The things we felt when we heard about what went through... What did you guys feel? To be honest, it made me feel really tiny...
Tomoe: True, they're toughing it out in a world we can't even imagine. Like everything is on a different level...
Ran: I was thinking the same thing. When I was trying to face the stuff with my dad and you guys, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes was going through something so much bigger...
Ran: It made me realize how little the world I've been spending my life in is...
Moca: Well, that little world seems to be one of our strengths. That's what Chisato-san was saying.
Moca: The strengths and weakness together make the band attractive. Let's treasure the little world that we have.
Himari: Yeah, you're right! And besides, Chisato-san said it's not about the size of the problem, but the fact that we tried to face it!
Ran: That's not the only thing. Hearing all these things from people who live in a world so much bigger than ours, we realized how small our own world was and...
Ran: I feel like we realized how big the rest of the world is too.
Tsugumi: You're right! You're so perceptive, Ran! I didn't realize that.
Tomoe: I didn't think that far into it either... Just goes to show that Ran is the one thinking most passionately about this one.
Moca: Moca-chan realized all that stuff too, you know~.
Himari: Really~?
Moca: Actually, I arrived at an even deeper mental place. Whoa, this is crazy. Moca-chan's on another level.
Himari: Hmph, would you be serious?
Moca: Hey, I'm being seriously serious~.
Tomoe: Sure about that?
Ran: Enough about Moca. I think I'd like to make what we just talked about the lyrics of the song. Is that okay?
Tsugumi: Definitely! I'll help out as much as I can!
Himari: Me too! I can be on dictionary duty!
Tomoe: I brought the recordings of the phrases we made, so let's listen to them while we work on the lyrics.
Ran: Great, that helps.
Moca: Okay, let's do it. Hey, hey hoh~!
