event285-03 Chapter 2: Not Quite the “Same as Always”

During lunch break on the rooftop, everyone eats together, but Tsugumi seems a bit out of it...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Sigh...
Tsugumi: (I thought I'd feel better after a night of sleep...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsugumi: (Um, I should say something... Like "Good luck on your exam" or some kind of encouraging words...)
Tsugumi: ......
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: ......
Tsugumi's Mother: Tsugumi~? If you don’t leave now, you’ll be late~!
Tsugumi: ...Okay...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Recess]

Himari: Mmm~~...
Moca: Hii-chan, you're glued to your phone again~. I'm confiscating it~.
Himari: Ahh! Hey, Moca, give it back.
Moca: How many times have I told you—no phones during meals~. I didn’t raise you like this~.
Himari: But I’m doing something important~! I’ll put it away after I finish!
Tomoe: Himari, Moca’s right. Wait until after you’re done eating.
Himari: Fine~...!
Ran: Pfft... So you do listen when told properly.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that obedient side is so like you, Himari. But was it something urgent?
Himari: Not really, but... one of my juniors in club seems to be having a tough time.
Himari: They haven’t been doing well in matches lately and asked me for advice... But it really depends on things like the flow of the game or how you’re feeling that day...
Himari: Like... when I try to put into words what it feels like during a match, I just can’t seem to organize my thoughts at all.
Moca: Okay~ I vote for the classic Uehara-senpai response—"Just give it your all and chase the ball! Don’t give up!"
Tomoe: Ahaha, I vote for that too! What’s wrong with that?
Himari: That’s just the basics~! They want something beyond that!
Ran: Himari, maybe you’re trying a bit too hard to teach everything from scratch. Maybe just giving them a hint and letting them work it out themselves would help them learn better.
Tsugumi: There’s a lot you can only really understand once you try it yourself.
Himari: That’s true... Now that you mention it, that’s how it was for me too...! I’ll try replying like that.
Moca: Ran, that was a spot-on piece of advice~ Was that something you picked up from your dad~?
Ran: Yeah, pretty much. He'd give me a ton of critiques and then say, "Figure it out yourself." Kinda frustrating sometimes.
Tomoe: Well, who knows—when you end up teaching someone someday, they might feel the same about you, Ran.
Himari: Yeah, someday you might have students of your own.
Ran: Eh... I’ve never thought about that.
Moca: Future Instructor Mitake might be even stricter than your dad~.
Ran: I am not gonna be some scary teacher.
All: Ahahaha...
Tsugumi: (Ran-chan would totally be cool as a flower arrangement teacher.)
Tsugumi: (She always speaks more through actions than words. That hasn’t changed from the past, and it’s one of the coolest things about her.)
Tsugumi: (That’s exactly why I’ve always admired her and want to support everything she works hard for...)
Tsugumi: (But right now, when I see her like that, something kind of aches deep inside...)
Ran: Well, teaching others is way off in the future. I still need to pass this next exam first.
Himari: You’ve got this, Ran. We know better than anyone how hard you’ve worked!
Himari: And if you ever feel unsure, just reach out to us! We’ll all be there for you!
Moca: Yeah, yeah. All we can do is cheer like, "Rah rah, Mi-ta-ke~! You got this, Mi-ta-ke~!"
Tsugumi: ......
Ran: Haha, I feel like that kind of thing would suit you best, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Oh? Want to see my full-power cheering in action?
Himari: You better brace yourself—it’s gonna be loud.
Ran: In that case, I think I’ll pass.
Moca: And so, Ran smiled despite herself...
Ran: Moca, you're noisy.
Himari: Ah! Look at the time! We have to head back!
Tomoe: Yeah. ...Hey, Tsugu. Let’s clean up lunch.
Tsugumi: Y-yeah!
Tsugumi: (I wish I could say “You’ve got this, Ran-chan” with a smile like they do...)
Tsugumi: (It sucks... feeling so confused that I can’t even support a close friend properly...)
Tsugumi: (I really don’t like this...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
