57_Misaki Okusawa_R1 Everything In Moderation

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: Okay. Hello.
Misaki: I'm the DJ for Hello, Happy World! My name is Misaki Okusawa...
Misaki: I guess my name is also Michelle. Hope to see you at our shows.
Misaki: Alright, good work. See ya~.
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... Do I really have to keep talking? ... You want me to talk about Michelle?
Misaki: No, no. If I talk about Michelle now, it'll ruin the surprise and be a lot less exciting.
Misaki: I'm waiting 'til the time is just right. At least for now.
Misaki: And look, to be honest, we know I'm not the type to be put in front of people, right?
Misaki: So instead of making me do this, shouldn't we just get Kaoru to do it for everyone?
Misaki: I'm always stuck in a place where no one can see me anyway.
Misaki: Huh? ...Maybe I should come out, then?
Misaki: ... No, no. Nope. No~. There's no point now.
Misaki: Besides... Michelle is... I'm starting to lik-
Misaki: Wait, you're still shooting? Kokoro, I want that part deleted, okay?


<Scratch DJ>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: ... Hmm, so this what a DJ is supposed to do.
Misaki: Ah, that was kinda cool just now...
Misaki: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san.
Misaki: How are you? It's a surprise to see you on your day off.
Misaki: ... Oh no, don't mind me. I didn't put my phone away for any particular reason.
Misaki: You might have thought I was trying to put it away as fast as humanly possible, but... I wasn't. You're just imagining it, ahaha.
Misaki: ... No matter what you say, I'm not going to tell you what I was do-...
Misaki: ... Ah.
Misaki: *sigh*... Oops...
Misaki: Guess there's no point hiding it. I was watching some videos until you arrived.
Misaki: What was I watching...? Why do you want to know...?
Misaki: Ugh, fine... Here, this is what I was watching.
Misaki: ... Yeah, that's right. It's a DJ video.
Misaki: Ah, but don't get the wrong idea, okay? It's not like I've suddenly gotten inspired or anything.
Misaki: ... It's just that either way, I'm in a band now and that's a fact.
Misaki: I thought I should check out a few videos of this kinda thing. I need to at least look the part, right?
Misaki: ... Yeah, I can't argue with that. Some of the stuff did look really cool.
Misaki: I always thought that DJs were people who just shake about on stage.
Misaki: I never imagined that with just one scratch on the turntables they could make an entire crowd so excited... I have to admit it's amazing...
Misaki: I-it's not like I've decided to do this DJ thing seriously, you know? Or the band for that matter.
Misaki: ... Well, I guess I am kinda more interested now though. Just don't tell Kokoro or the others, okay?
Misaki: I'm going to head off now, see you around.
