105_Misaki Okusawa_R2 Sakura Michelle

<Smells The Same>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Misaki Okusawa)

Kasumi: Hi~!
Misaki: (Th-that voice...)
Kasumi: Misaki-chan! Hi!
Misaki: ... Oh, hi. I'm glad to see you're full of energy as always, Toyama-san...
Kasumi: I thought I saw someone that looked just like you at the corner, so I rushed over to see if it was you!
Misaki: (Why go to those lengths...?)
Misaki: Th-thanks...
Kasumi: Remember the sakura party we had the other day? It was so much fun! Thanks for coming!
Misaki: Thanks for inviting me. It wasn't bad, I guess.
Kasumi: I know, right? The food was amazing, and we had so much fun talking! Wasn't it just the best?!
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (I just said it wasn't bad, but she's talking about it as if we both thought it was amazing...)
Kasumi: I wanna have another sakura party~. C'mon, let's get everyone together and go somewhere!
Misaki: ... I guess that could be fun. Maybe we can go again next year if our schedules match.
Kasumi: Next year? That's so far away! I can't wait that long~!
Misaki: Well, there's not much we can do about it... The sakura are finished for this year.
Kasumi: Couldn't we have a party for a different flower then? Roses bloom next after sakura.
Kasumi: And after that hydrangeas. And then we have sunflowers... right?
Kasumi: ... If you look at it that way, we can have parties all year! C'mon, don't you think this is an amazing discovery?!
Kasumi: There's no rule saying we can't do it for other flowers! We should have a party anytime to see the flowers that we wanna see!
Misaki: U-uh...
Misaki: (I'm getting the same vibe from her that I get from Kokoro...)
Misaki: (My internal warning lights are going off... They're telling me to stay away from this one...!)
Misaki: ... S-sure. Anyway, I'd better get going...
Kasumi: Oh, by the way! Ever since the sakura party, I've been thinking that you remind me of someone~.
Kasumi: Hrm, who was it?
Misaki: Wh-what a coincidence... I was just thinking the same thing.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Does that mean I remind you of someone?
Misaki: Yes, I guess so...
Kasumi: Who? Who is it?! I'm so curious!
Misaki: Maybe next time. I have somewhere I need to be soon, so...
Kasumi: Oh! I didn't realize! Sorry to keep you!
Misaki: I-it's fine...
Kasumi: So where are you going?
Misaki: (Man, she just keeps on coming... Doesn't everyone know you're not supposed to ask that?)
Kasumi: Let me guess, you've got a part time job?!
Misaki: ...Uh, yeah, that's right. Well, see you around...
Kasumi: Wow, you have a job! That's so cool! What kind of job do you do?
Misaki: (... Sh-she's still not letting up?! Even though I'm making it blatantly obvious I want to leave?!)
Misaki: U-umm, well... I hand stuff out downtown...
Kasumi: I've got it! You work at a convenience store! ... Or maybe a cafe?! No, wait, a restaurant!
Misaki: N-no... not quite...
Misaki: (This is no good, she's not even listening...)
Kasumi: None of those are right?! I wonder what it is! I'm so curious! Gimme a hint!
Misaki: (Why has this turned into a guessing game...?)
Kasumi: What kind of job do you do? C'mon, tell me~!


<Fearsome Sakura Power>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Misaki: ... *sigh*
Misaki: Oh, sorry. I'm not tired or anything...
Misaki: It's just that we had a sakura party at Kokoro's house recently...
Misaki: How do I put it? There's a lot of... unique individuals at my school.
Misaki: I'll be honest with you, that day really did a number on me... *sigh*
Misaki: I'm always with Kokoro, or Hagumi, or Kaoru-san, right?
Misaki: They tend to make my life difficult, so I thought I was pretty used to those kinds of people.
Misaki: But I have to say, that sakura party was quite the cast of characters.
Misaki: Especially Toyama-san. I felt something similar to Kokoro in her. That aura you only sense in people who cause trouble wherever they go.
Misaki: We're not that close just yet, but... sooner or later... *sigh*
Misaki: Oh, I'm not against the idea. I was just saying that she's on my treat-with-caution list.
Misaki: I was also really surprised at Ichigaya-san too. I didn't know that she was like that.
Misaki: She came across as quiet and a good student, but... I think we're going to get along...
Misaki: ... Mind you, the sakura were really pretty, and I got to talk to everyone a lot so it wasn't a bad party.
Misaki: Toyama-san and the others are in different classes, and we normally don't have many chances to interact, so I never imagined we could have that much fun.
Misaki: I guess it just goes to show you can't underestimate the power of the sakura.
Misaki: ... Huh? Would I go again if there was another party next year...?
Misaki: ... Of course, I would. I mean, Ichigaya-san would probably go completely crazy if I wasn't there.
