226_Misaki Okusawa_R4 What's Important to Me

Gacha phrase: I want the kids around us to really know about Hello, Happy World!

<Misaki, aka...?>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Walking Home]

Kanon: I'm so glad the performance you wanted to do was such a success.
Misaki: Yeah. I have to admit I was concerned when I couldn't find a location and that we suddenly decided to write a new song.
Kanon: Ahaha...
Kanon: Oh, Kokoro-chan and the others have gone pretty far ahead.
Hagumi: Kokoron, Kaoru-kun! I just thought of something fun! First person to touch that power pole over there wins!
Kokoro: Sure, Hagumi! You're a genius when it comes to finding fun things to do! I'm so excited my legs are already moving.
Kaoru: Fufu, I believe that is called cheating, Kokoro. You're such a naughty little kitten.
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron~! That's not fair! Here I come...!
Kanon: They've got so much energy left even though we rehearsed for longer than usual today...
Misaki: I guess the three dummies have a dumb level of stamina too.
Kanon: Ahaha~. What should we do, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Hmm. I don't want to run unless I have to, so let's take our time and catch up.
(Black cut)
Kokoro: ... *huff* *puff* ... Made it~! I'm first!
Hagumi: Second! ... I can't believe you beat me, Kokoron~. Gah~!
Kaoru: *huff* *puff*... Fufu, it would seem I'm third. But that too is fleeting...
Kanon: Wait up... everyone~!
Hagumi: Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, you guys are so slow!
Misaki: You guys are just too fast. We actually rushed to catch up, you know?
Hagumi: Oh, that reminds me! The performance! Some of my classmates were there and they said it was really good!
Misaki: She didn't hear a single word I said...
Kaoru: True, I think that performance was quite possibly the most wonderful we have ever displayed.
Kokoro: And most importantly, everyone who came to see us was smiling!
Misaki: (Well, we managed to sort out a few misunderstandings. I guess that's a good thing...)
Kanon: You look happy, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: I'm not happy, I just... Ah, I guess it's okay since it's you, Kanon-san.
Misaki: I wanted to do that performance to do something about the way Kokoro and the band itself are misunderstood by everyone.
Misaki: Part of me felt I didn't actually need to do anything about it.
Misaki: Kokoro and the others are kind of pure, like they just don't care about that kind of thing at all, right?
Misaki: But when I thought about this, I just felt like I had to do something...  I guess that sounds strange coming from me, huh?
Kanon: No, not at all. In the beginning, you weren't like that, but it's different now... right?
Misaki: In the beginning, I thought I'd been forced into some weird group.
Kanon: Yeah, I remember you saying we should quit together.
Misaki: Haha, that brings back memories.
Kanon: Do you feel differently now, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yeah, or at least... I guess I now consider myself a member of Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: You were always one of us from the very beginning if you ask me.
Misaki: Really? For me, it feels like I only just started seeing myself that way.
Kanon: I'm happy that you feel it now. Oh, those three still don't understand that you're actually Michelle, do they?
Kokoro: Michelle? Was Michelle here, Kanon?
Kanon: No, Kokoro-chan. We're just talking about Michelle, that's all.
Kokoro: Oh. I wonder where she went. I haven't seen her since our last performance.
Hagumi: Yeah, she always disappears right away... Oh, maybe she lives in a magical kingdom!
Kaoru: A magical kingdom... But of course. Michelle must be a princess, who has been cursed by a witch to live in that form... Oh... such a fleeting fate...
Misaki: Oh, c'mon, why would a curse put someone into a bear suit?
Hagumi: Anyway, don't you think Michelle was awesome last time?!
Kokoro: Yeah! She had more power than usual!
Kaoru: She performed wonderfully. The fact we cannot tell her directly is just so... fleeting...
Kanon: H-hey, everyone...!
Misaki: ... It's okay, Kanon-san.
Kanon: B-but... don't you think it's time we tried to tell them again that you're actually Michelle?
Misaki: Kanon-san, really, it's okay.
Kanon: ... Are you sure that's what you want?
Misaki: Yeah. Part of me does want to make it clear to them, but...
Misaki: I guess I don't actually mind the position I'm in at the moment.
Kanon: ... I see. I hope they'll understand someday.
Misaki: Me too. I'm not sure when that someday will come though... It's the three dummies we're talking about here. Ahaha...


<My World>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafe]

Misaki: Well, it looks we'll at least have a place to perform at...
Misaki: It almost feels like the goal's in sight now...
Misaki: Phew... Ah, {{userName}}-san. How are you?
Misaki: What am I doing? I'm organizing a performance.
Misaki: Of course, it's for Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: It was a spur-of-the-moment decision, so I've been extra busy... I had a hard time just finding a place for us to perform...
Misaki: I'm the one who always organizes this kind of thing, you see.
Misaki: Why did we suddenly decide to schedule a performance? You're probably imagining that all of this is because of one of Kokoro's whims, right? Well, not this time.
Misaki: It was actually me who wanted it... This was my first time suggesting something like this.
Misaki: Everyone was surprised, of course, but no one objected.
Misaki: When I said I wanted to do it, they said okay immediately. Part of me felt they should've thought about it more, but to be honest, that made me happy.
Misaki: We also decided to write a new song for the performance, but it was tough work deciphering Kokoro's ideas for lyrics too.
Misaki: But since this performance was my idea, I'm trying to be as responsible as I can.
Misaki: You want to know why I wanted to have a performance in the first place? I guess I don't mind talking about it since it's you, {{userName}}-san.
Misaki: Some of my classmates thought that Hello, Happy World! was some band of weirdos.
Misaki: It just didn't feel right that they'd already decided that's how the band was without actually seeing us for themselves...
Misaki: So I decided to do a performance, so that my classmates could see the band with their own eyes.
Misaki: You must think it doesn't sound like something I'd do, right? Me, pushing to do a performance... I don't think it sounds like me either.
Misaki: Normally, I try to stay a step back from the action, but for some reason, I was the one leading the charge this time.
Misaki: I kind of felt it could be okay every now and then, mind you. Just not all the time, course.
Misaki: You think I'm suited to that kind of thing because I'm responsible? Hmm, I wonder.
Misaki: Maybe I just seem that way because the band is full of people who have their heads in the clouds.
Misaki: I feel that it might be best for people like that to just smile happily without thinking about anything.
Misaki: Sometimes they're so out there that they don't know where they're heading, but I guess that's part of what makes the band what it is.
Misaki: I think my role in the band is doing this and that behind the scenes to make sure they don't go too far off course.
Misaki: It's not a boring job, you know? I admit that I thought I'd walked into trouble in the beginning though...
Misaki: Thinking back on it, none of it has been bad though.
Misaki: I've been having fun in my own way too.
Misaki: Yeah, I think I smile more now.
Misaki: Every day with the band feels crazy and busy just like a festival.
Misaki: But there's times when I see them smile and I feel glad that I joined Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: And it's those times that I end up smiling too. It's kind of strange, isn't it...?
Misaki: Speaking of smiles... Do you know what the band's motto is, {{userName}}-san?
Misaki: Make the world smile. Who even thinks that's possible?
Misaki: That's how I felt in the beginning.
Misaki: But now it's different.
Misaki: Before I met the band, I thought the world meant the entire planet and everything on the face of it.
Misaki: But now I feel it means something else.
Misaki: I think it's where I am and what's around me. It might be insignificant, but that's my world.
Misaki: I feel like it's the change in my way of thinking that makes me believe we can fill the world with smiles now.
Misaki: I never thought my view of the world would change after starting a band with Kokoro, of all people.
Misaki: Even though she started the band basically out of momentum, I feel like it could be a special place for me now too.
Misaki: You're sure we can make the world smile? Ahaha, it's kind of embarrassing when you actually say it like that.
Misaki: Now... yeah, we're all about making the world smile. Nothing beats a smile, right?
Misaki: Well, I still think we should do it in moderation though~.
Misaki: I should probably get back to the preparations. Thanks for listening today.
Misaki: You should come see our performance too if you have time, {{userName}}-san.
