242_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Michelle the Magician

Gacha phrase: She's not listening... Ugh.

<Dress Up with Me>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio - Corridor]

Misaki: Phew... man, it was hot in there... I'm so glad I could get out of Michelle...
Kaoru: Oh, Misaki. I didn't realize you were here at the studio too.
Misaki: Ah, Kaoru-san. I've been here the whole time...
Kaoru: We were just rehearsing. We're taking a break right now.
Misaki: *sigh*... I really can't be bothered dealing with this or the Michelle thing...
Kaoru: Hm? Did you say something?
Misaki: Oh, nothing. Uh, by the way, there's something I wanted to ask you, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Ask whatever you wish. I am always open to questions from cute-little kittens.
Misaki: In that case, I'll ask away. Why did you wear the Phantom Thief costume to Halloween the other day?
Misaki: ... I also kind of want to ask why you were there in the first place too.
Kaoru: Oh, that's simple. Saya-chan asked me to pair up with Rimi-chan.
Misaki: Why would Yamabuki-san ask you to do that? Are you two good friends...?
Kaoru: Once upon a time, Saya-chan was kind enough to be my bride, which is why she asked for my help.
Misaki: Bride? Ugh, nope, I can't piece this one together...
Misaki: Okay, so we've established that you were there because Yamabuki-san asked you to be, but why were you dressed as the Phantom Thief?
Kaoru: Everyone taking part in the event had to wear a costume, did they not? I actually didn't intend on going as the Phantom Thief at first.
Kaoru: But just when I was pondering what I should go as, the people in the black suits appeared and presented me with the costume.
Kaoru: The people in the black suits said they wanted me to wear the guise because it would make Kokoro happy, and they were most certainly correct.
Kaoru: Kokoro looked truly happy to see the Phantom Thief once again.
Misaki: ... You're not wrong there.
Kaoru: Speaking of which, you were only there at the very end, weren't you?
Misaki: Huh? Oh, uh...
Kaoru: I was late too. If the event is held again next year, I would like to be there from the beginning.
Kaoru: Don't you feel that way too, Misaki?
Misaki: Nope. I was there from the very beginning of this whole thing, but... whatever.
Kaoru: I would like to dress up as something else next Halloween. There's nothing wrong with being the Phantom Thief, but I would enjoy the feel of a new costume on my back.
Kaoru: Hmm... What do you think of a werewolf costume?
Misaki: Ahh, I can see you pulling it off... Actually, I've got a feeling anything like that would probably suit you.
Kaoru: Fufu, then when the time comes, would you be a werewolf with me? You didn't dress up this year, after all.
Misaki: ... I totally did though, as Michelle.
Misaki: Anyway, a werewolf...? I doubt that'd suit me.
Kaoru: That's not true! I think you would make quite a charming werewolf.
Misaki: That's still not going to convince me to do it.
Kaoru: Hmm, I see... I guess I shall just have to come up with a different idea.
Kaoru: A costume that would suit you... Hrm, there's just too many choices to narrow it down.
Misaki: ... Funnily enough, Michelle is the costume that suits me best.
Kaoru: I know, how about a pirate? I think that would be perfect for you.
Kaoru: I would be a thief on the land. You would be a pirate of the seas. Together, we would be the greatest duo to ever pillage the world, don't you think?
Misaki: Werewolf, and then a pirate... What's with all these weird suggestions...?
Kaoru: Of course, you'll need to work on your acting skills, but since you know my identity as the Phantom Thief, you are the only one I can imagine as my partner in crime.
Misaki: Hmm, but... I was a pumpkin this time, so I think I'd rather just be something normal like a ghost if we do it again next year...
Kaoru: ... A ghost? Misaki, I had no idea you could perform such a vast range of characters...! To think that I had not considered that!
Misaki: I'm not going to act or anything. I'll just wear the costume. Ghosts are like the go-to for Halloween, you know?
Misaki: And besides, we don't even know if we're going to be doing a Halloween event next year or not...
Kaoru: I see. In that case, I shall save the excitement for your next Halloween costume until next year.
Misaki: Uh... sure. That works for me.
Kaoru: I look forward to seeing us both there from the beginning next time.
Kaoru: Oh, our break is almost over. I must be going. See you again soon, little kitten.
Misaki: But I was actually there from the very beginning... Oh well, I guess I'll get back in Michelle and return to the studio...


<Kokoro's Answer>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Misaki: Oh, {{userName}}-san?
Misaki: What a coincidence. Are you here to buy croquettes too?
Misaki: Yeah, me too... I couldn't resist the smell. I just finished my part-time job, so I was kind of hungry too.
Misaki: It's nice how you can eat the croquettes on the spot when you buy them here. If you've got time, why don't you have one too, {{userName}}-san?
Misaki: If you're not sure which one to get, I recommend the beef ones. Well, everything on the menu is actually really good though.
Misaki: Oh, you've already bought some. The freshly made ones are really hot, so be careful.
Misaki: Oh, don't mind me. I've already finished mine, but I'm planning to stick around a little longer and chill out.
Misaki: Ugh... my feet are so sore...
Misaki: Hm? Oh, this has nothing to do with work. They hurt because Kokoro made me run here and there with her...
Misaki: It was Halloween the other day, right?
Misaki: Kokoro wanted us to have a Halloween event, so we did.
Misaki: It was a team thing, and I was paired up with Kokoro, but...
Misaki: She made me run all over the place. What's worse is that I was inside Michelle the whole time.
Misaki: ... Do you understand just how tough it was...?
Misaki: I had a really rough time that day. I didn't just have to run either, she made me jump and skip too...
Misaki: I'm not entirely sure it was worth all that running around, but our team ended up coming first in the event.
Misaki: But for some reason, Kokoro wasn't happy about it at all.
Misaki: In fact, she suddenly said that everyone was a winner because they had fun.
Misaki: It's a really Kokoro-kind of thing of thing to say, isn't it? I was surprised when she suddenly came out with it though.
Misaki: I have a feeling that no one knew how to react at the time.
Misaki: Well... it definitely was a surprise, but I kind of agreed with her too.
Misaki: I mean, we all had fun, so that in itself is a good thing, right?
Misaki: There's no reason to go out of our way to rank everyone...
Misaki: I'm not sure if it's because of that, but everyone had a good time together after the event as well.
Misaki: The event itself wasn't so bad, you know?
Misaki: ... Yeah, it wasn't bad.
Misaki: ... I was worried about what everyone else thought about it...
Misaki: Ah, sorry... I'm kind of making things awkward, aren't I?
Misaki: ... I'm not interested in competing with people or being competitive in general.
Misaki: If someone wins, someone else loses. That's all I thought of it.
Misaki: But Kokoro is different. No one would normally think of saying everyone was a winner.
Misaki: ... But then again, Kokoro isn't normal, which is probably why she was able to come up with something like that.
Misaki: Kokoro can be inconsiderate of how her actions affect others at times...
Misaki: She's overbearing and never listens either, so she can really be a handful...
Misaki: But I have to admit, I was impressed by the idea that we're all winners.
Misaki: ... But only a little. I was only impressed a tiny little bit, and only for a second. Don't tell Kokoro I said this.
Misaki: I guarantee she won't keep quiet if you tell her...
Misaki: ... But the fact that I was impressed means that... I'm starting to think like her too.
Misaki: Ahaha... I guess spending all that time with her has made some things rub off on me.
Misaki: Um, if I happen to say or do something that Kokoro would, warn me, okay?
Misaki: The band will fall apart if I start acting like one of the three dummies...
Misaki: Ahh, sorry for going on and on like this. You finished your croquette a long time ago, didn't you?
Misaki: Okay, I've had a decent break, so I should probably get going.
Misaki: I'm going to head off now. I'll see you again soon at the live house.
