382_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Winter Wear

Gacha phrase: I mean, we already decided to come, so let's have fun.

<Evolving Michelle>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato, Ako Udagawa)

[Ski Slope - Play Area]

Michelle (Misaki): Sigh... I didn't think I would be wearing this suit after coming all the way here to snowboard...
Ako: But it's really cool how you can move so easily like that while wearing it!
Maya: Now that you mention it, that is pretty impressive.
Michelle (Misaki): It's only because I'm used to it... Ah, but this suit's a little different than my usual one.
Ako: Wait, really?
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah. How do I put this...? It's a little heavier, maybe? Or it might be that the legs are harder to m- Ah, whoa!
Ako: Are you alright?!
Michelle (Misaki): Ugh... Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just not used to it yet... Oh, could I ask you to help me up though?
Ako: Mhm!
Maya: I'll give you a hand too!
All: One... Two... Three!
Michelle (Misaki): Phew... Thanks, you guys.
Ako: No problem~! But you know, Michelle is really soft and fluffy! Very bear like!
Michelle (Misaki): If this were a real bear, you'd be in deep trouble...
Maya: I've been wondering... Are you cold inside that suit?
Michelle (Misaki): No, it's actually extremely warm in here.
Ako: It is?!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah. It's like there's a heater in here. That's probably the reason it's so heavy...
Maya: A heater... in the suit?!
Ako: You mean... there's a kotatsu in there?!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, no. Nothing like that... If there was, I'd probably have fainted from heatstroke by now.
Ako: Oh yeah... Right.
Maya: So you're saying it's about that level of warmth in there.
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, something like that... I think they just did a really great job of insulating this suit. It's very comfortable.
Maya: That's amazing... By the way, are you getting wet at all? You did just fall in the snow.
Michelle (Misaki): I think this suit is covered in water-resistant fur... I'm totally dry.
Ako: Wow, that's so high tech!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah... I feel like this'll be a really comfy suit once I get used to it.
Ako: That sounds so nice~. I'd like to try it on too if it's actually that warm!
Maya: And I'd love to get a look at the inside of the suit!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah... Well, that's...
Maya: Ah, it's okay, Okusawa-san, I understand. I'm sure what's inside the suit is a company secret.
Ako: Aww~! But I wanted to see...
Maya: Ako-san, let it go. I'm sure there's all sorts of classified technology and stuff inside that thing.
Michelle: (W-wow... Yeah, no. That's definitely not a thing...)
Maya: So... Think it's about time to go meet up with the others?
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, we better go... U-uhm...
Ako: Everything okay?
Michelle (Misaki): W-well, the legs are a little heavy, so could you guys help me walk until I get the hang of it?
Maya: Of course! I'll take the right side!
Ako: And I've got the left!
Michelle (Misaki): Sorry about this... I really appreciate it.
Ako: Ready, and... Go!
All: Left, right! Left, right!
Ako: Michelle's fur feels so nice and cuddly~!
Maya: It does! I wonder if this is what an actual bear feels like...
Michelle (Misaki): Don't you get the feeling a wild bear's fur is really stiff and thick?
Ako: But since there's so much, I bet their fur's perfect for being in the snow!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Wouldn't they actually hate the snow, seeing as how they hibernate in the winter?
Ako: Oh, right!


<Support from the Shadows>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: I see. Okay, so... I'll check all the stage lights, and if there are any that have burnt out, I'll order replacements.
Marina: I think that's it for now. Unless you have something to add...
Misaki: Hey, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Ah, sorry, are you in the middle of something?
Marina: Oh, Misaki-chan. Welcome. We actually just finished. Does Hello, Happy World! have practice today?
Misaki: Ah, yeah. My plans before this ended early, so I headed over. Looks like I came a little too early though.
Marina: That's okay. Come right in.
Misaki: Alright. Thank you.
Marina: Oh, by the way, I heard you went skiing the other day.
Misaki: Ah, that's right. I was with Hagumi, Yamato-san and a few others.
Marina: Did you hear, {{userName}}-san? Misaki-chan was dressed as Michelle while snowboarding! I bet you really stood out.
Misaki: Well... About as much as you would expect.
Marina: But really, I'm impressed you were even able to snowboard like that. Wasn't it hard to move? Did you get cold?
Misaki: Actually, not really... I don't know what they were doing there, but the suits turned up at the ski resort and handed me a winter-proof Michelle costume.
Marina: Huh... So designed for winter?
Misaki: Yeah, the inside of the suit was really warm, and I think the fur was waterproof. Overall, it was pretty comfy.
Marina: ... I-isn't Michelle just a normal costume?
Misaki: That's what I thought too, but it seems they've been improving it...
Misaki: It being hot was only one of the issues I had my first time wearing it. It was awful in there. But now, I can wear it, no problem. That could just be me getting used to it too, though.
Misaki: But honestly, it was so comfortable, I could have fallen asleep in there if I was tired enough.
Marina: S-so it's actually that great...? Kinda makes me want one.
Marina: If I got tired from work, I could just get in there and take a nap. What do you think, {{userName}}-san?
Misaki: Personally, I don't really want to live the kind of life where I'm so tired I'd take a snooze in a giant bear costume...
Marina: Ahaha, that's true.
Misaki: But if the suits are really making Michelle easier to wear, I feel like I should be thanking them.
Marina: Maybe there's some secret Tsurumaki family technology stored in there!
Misaki: Now you're just exaggerating...
Marina: Well, who knows? Hey, would you mind if I tried it on sometime?
Misaki: I'm fine with that, but... my normal suit is pretty hot and uncomfortable, you know. When Kanon-san tried it on, she had a really hard time.
Marina: Oh, is that so...? Hmm~, but I'm still so curious! Ah, but I wonder if Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan would get mad?
Misaki: I don't think those two would be able to tell the difference if it wasn't me inside.
Marina: Of course they'd notice~!
Misaki: I don't know about that... Well, I guess I'll just tell myself they would for now.
