394_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Fleeting Beads of Sweat

Gacha phrase: I think I might be starting to get why Kaoru-san is so popular...

<Michelle Returns the Favor>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gym]

Michelle (Misaki): Phew, I'm beat...
Michelle (Misaki): ... But somehow, we got through all this musical stuff, no disasters. That's good.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Oh yeah, I can't take this costume off yet. I should look for Hagumi and Kokoro while I have the chance.
Michelle (Misaki): Where could they be...? I hope they didn't go home already...
Michelle (Misaki): ... Hm? There are people running this way...
Kokoro & Hagumi: Michelle~.
Michelle (Misaki): W-wah~, Kokoro! Hagumi~!
Kokoro: Michelle, great job! That show was super duper!
Hagumi: Yeah, I really enjoyed it! You were so cool up there!
Kokoro: We just had to let you know what we thought right away, so Hagumi and I came to find you!
Michelle (Misaki): A-ahaha, thanks. Actually, I wanted to see you two as well!
Kokoro: Wow! You did?!
Michelle (Misaki): Thank you for the Valentine's Day chocolates. Here, these are the White Day gifts I got you to return the favor~.
Hagumi: Whoa~! Thanks, Michelle!
Kokoro: Thank you! What a joy! Looks like... cookies!
Hagumi: Aww~, they're so cute! Now I feel bad about having to eat them~!
Michelle (Misaki): I'm glad you like it~. When you get the chance, tell me what you think about them.
Kokoro: Of course! I'll let you know exactl- Hey, wait! Michelle!
Kokoro: You haven't told me if you liked the Valentine's Day chocolates!
Hagumi: Ah! You didn't tell me either! I don't know if they were yummy or not!
Michelle: (Oh, I guess now that they mention it, Michelle hasn't actually been around the other band members in a while.)
Hagumi: Well?! Well?! How were they?!
Michelle (Misaki): Uhm... Hagumi, your chocolates were really tasty!
Hagumi: Yay~! That's great! Thanks!
Michelle (Misaki): As for your chocolate, Kokoro...
Michelle: (The ones she gave me were kinda hard and bitter... But still...)
Kokoro: How were they, Michelle?!
Michelle (Misaki): ... U-uhhh... Yours, uhm... had a flavor suited for adults? Y-yeah! Very adult like!
Kokoro: Adult like! That has a wonderful ring to it! I'm glad you liked it!
Michelle (Misaki): Y-you know though, I think I prefer my chocolate to be a bit sweeter~.
Hagumi: You like sweet chocolate? Okay, then I'll make them sweeter for you next year!
Kokoro: And I'll make sweet, adult-like chocolate!
Michelle (Misaki): Th-thanks... I look forward to it...
Hagumi: And I'm excited to try your gift too! I'd sure like some more cookies next year~... Hm? Wait...
Hagumi: Kokoron! Look at the cookies Michelle gave us! They're... handmade! Whoa~!
Kokoro: Oh! You're right! So you made these just for us! I love it!!
Michelle (Misaki): I-it's really not that big of a deal...
Kokoro: But you made them yourself! Is there really anything greater than that?! I have to show Kaoru and Kanon!
Hagumi: I'm coming too! 'Kay, see ya later, Michelle! Thanks for the cookies!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, yeah... You're welcome...
Michelle (Misaki): There they go. They, uhh... were a lot happier about that then I expected...
Kanon: That's great, Misaki-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa! ... Oh, Kanon-san.
Kanon: That was a good show you put on earlier. I enjoyed it a lot.
Michelle (Misaki): Thanks, Kanon-san... Were you watching just now, by any chance?
Kanon: Mhm... Fufu. Misaki-chan, I see you made your White Day gifts by hand.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Y-yeah... I mean, they did the same, so...
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, that's right. For you, Kanon-san. Here.
Kanon: Huh...? Cookies, for me?
Michelle (Misaki): Yep. You did give me a Valentine's Day gift, so I'm giving you something back... Thanks.
Kanon: Wah...! Thank you, Misaki-chan! You went out of your way to make cookies for me. That's so nice.
Michelle (Misaki): I also made some for Kaoru-san, even though she didn't give me anything on Valentine's Day.
Michelle (Misaki): I figured... Michelle would make something for everyone, so I did...
Michelle (Misaki): ... Wait, why would I be making treats based on how she feels...?
Kanon: Fufu. Does that feeling really belong to Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): Uhhh~... Hmm~, who knows? It's possible that my feelings are in there somewhere too.
Kanon: Mhm. And it'd make me a lot happier if they were.


<There's a Reason She's Popular>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Misaki: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hey, what's up?
Misaki: No, I'm not shopping. I'm going to meet with Kaoru-san. She's treating a bunch of us to cake.
Misaki: Uhhh, it's her way of paying us back for all our help. We gave her a hand with a musical she wanted to put together.
Misaki: Hagumi, Uehara-san and Udagawa-san will also be there... It's a thing for people who helped but aren't theater club members.
Misaki: Apparently, Kaoru-san's gonna be doing something different for those students... She's pretty thorough when it comes to this kind of stuff.
Misaki: Yeah, the part I helped with the most is arranging the music.
Misaki: ... Well, I also performed as Michelle.
Misaki: Obviously, I wasn't about to go to Kaoru-san's school in a giant bear costume, so I just stood in for Michelle during rehearsal.
Misaki: But I mean, it's not really standing in when I am Michelle. Haha...
Misaki: During rehearsal, they were basically telling me how I'd give Michelle a run for her money...
Misaki: Yeah, duh, that's because I am her. Of course our skills would be equal...
Misaki: Hagumi came to me and said, "You should join Hello, Happy World! for our next show, too!" ... I've been a part of every single one, though...
Misaki: I guess I am kinda happy that they'd acknowledge my ability to perform... Heh, just kidding.
Misaki: You know, it's just that... in the end, Michelle was the one that came off as being more impressive.
Misaki: Think about it. I said I didn't wear the costume while rehearsing, right?
Misaki: The first time I actually practiced with it on was the day of the show during the dress rehearsal.
Misaki: Still, "Michelle" was able to perform in sync with everyone else, so...
Misaki: Ahaha... Exactly. Kaoru-san and Hagumi just kept going on and on about how amazing she was...
Misaki: It was clear they felt a lot of admiration... For Michelle, that is...
Misaki: But yeah, that's kinda how things went while I was helping with the musical. I am happy that I took part in it though.
Misaki: I always knew that Kaoru-san was really popular, but until then, I never really understood why. It just never made sense to me.
Misaki: Why not...? Probably because I have a front row seat to the three dummies' everyday conversations.
Misaki: I mean, she is tall and pretty good looking though, so I can see why the girls at school would love her.
Misaki: Still, it's not just her school. She's a big deal around town, right? But whenever I see her do something "cool," it also seems really dumb. So I couldn't help but wonder what all the fuss was about.
Misaki: As I helped with the musical, though, and saw how she interacted with her fans and the people at her school... I think I finally understood what makes her so popular.
Misaki: Kaoru-san's like everyone's prince.
Misaki: You know, like how she's very kind, how she takes everyone's feelings into consideration, and the way she thinks about how to make other people happy first.
Misaki: I mean, she speaks and carries herself like a fool, as always...
Misaki: But I just felt like I kinda have to respect what she does... There's no way I could be so nice to everyone I come in contact with like that.
Misaki: Huh?! No no, stop! Telling me how friendly I am isn't gonna change anything...
