462_Misaki Okusawa_R4 How Did this Happen?

Gacha phrase: Urgh, get off, you two... You're heavy...

<An Amazing Souvenir>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happy Happy Island]

Kanon: Wow, I've never seen souvenirs like these before, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Interesting, I didn't expect there to be such a variety. Maybe this island sees a lot of tourists...
Kanon: That reminds me. Kokoro-chan said she was going to buy Michelle lots and lots of stuff. She was really excited about it.
Misaki: Hopefully none of it makes my life harder. Imagine if she got me a weird mask or something. I wouldn't know what to do with that...
Kanon: I think Kaoru-san and Hagumi-chan are going to help her choose. Maybe it'll be okay...
Misaki: That's the opposite of 'okay'. I can see the mask now...
Misaki: I'd be happy to get something like this glass cup, though. It has an interesting shape, and the design is unique, don't you think?
Kanon: Aww, it's lovely... It is very unusual. Maybe this is a kind of folk art from this island.
Misaki: These utensils and things might be part of their tradition here. I've never seen a design like this back at home.
Kanon: Ah, this plate is very nice too... I wonder if my mom would like it.
Kanon: Oh, but this would make a good gift as well... So would this one. Ohhh, there are too many. I don't know what to get.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, what are you thinking of getting?
Misaki: Hold on, give me a sec'. I'm gonna go pay.
Kanon: What?! That was so fast...!
Misaki: Yeah, I pretty much only buy the classic stuff.
Kanon: What do you mean by that?
Misaki: I got my parents Happy Happy Island chocolate, and I'm gonna give my little brother a T-shirt.
Misaki: I was thinking of getting my little sister a key holder... Hmm, but now that I'm looking at it again, it seems kinda dull for a present.
Kanon: Why don't you try looking at some other souvenirs? You could end up finding something that's perfect for her.
Misaki: You're right. There's still some time left too, so I'll do a little more browsing.
Kanon: Yeah, I think that's a good idea. I also haven't chosen yet, so I was hoping we could do it together.
Kanon: Wow, this aroma candle is adorable. Oh, but your sister might not actually use it.
Misaki: Hmm, yeah, she might be a bit young for that.
Kanon: Okay, then what about this? I'm not sure what kind of stone this pendant uses, but it's really pretty.
Misaki: Man, no kidding...! Uhh, I don't think she's the right age for this either, though.
Misaki: It's too bad. The design is charming and everything, but my sister is still pretty young.
Kanon: Ah, in that case, how about getting her a doll? They have ones that give you that southern-island feeling.
Misaki: Oh, they do, and they're really cute. This could work...! I'll go with this. Thanks for the advice, Kanon-san.
Kanon: Don't worry about it. I'm just glad you figured out what to get. Now I have to hurry up and do the same...!
Misaki: Alright, I'll go pay for this and come right back.
Kanon: ... Hm? Misaki-chan, you're not getting anything for yourself?
Misaki: Oh, right. Something for myself... It didn't even cross my mind.
Misaki: Well, I don't really have that much money on me, so I'll just stick with gifts for my family for now.
Kanon: Huh? O-oh, I see...
Misaki: Hey, Kanon-san, I'm actually gonna pay and wait for you by the register. Take as much time as you need choosing your souvenirs.
Kanon: A-alright. Thank you, Misaki-chan.
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Kanon: Misaki-chan, thanks for waiting for me. Sorry that took so long...
Misaki: Nah, it's not a problem. It was nice to just relax and take in the Happy Happy Island scenery.
Kanon: Uhm, there's something else. I want you to have this... I suppose you can call it a token of my appreciation.
Misaki: Huh? All I did was wait. You didn't have to get me anything...
Kanon: Oh, well, that's not what it's for. It's for how you're always there to lend me a hand.
Kanon: Here... This is what I got you.
Misaki: Wait... This is the pendant from earlier...
Kanon: You agreed about it being pretty, so I thought you might like something like this...
Kanon: Ah, but I could be wrong. Sorry if I misunderstood...
Misaki: Oh, no no no, you were right. I love it... I don't know what to say. Thank you.
Kanon: As long as you like it, I'm happy.
Kanon: I thought it would be nice to have something to remember this trip by after we went through all the trouble of coming here.
Misaki: Yeah, the only memories we've made so far are of being inside a dark cave...
Kanon: Mhm, we certainly didn't do much sightseeing...
Misaki: I'm happy you got me this pendant though. I'll cherish it for years to come.


<Praiseworthy Students>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Misaki: Ahh... So this is what I'm looking for. I haven't actually had the chance to read it.
Misaki: ...! {{userName}}-san? Man, you scared me...
Misaki: Ah, no. I should be the one apologizing, really. I was so into this article that I had no idea you were calling out to me.
Misaki: Oh, it's titled, "New Species of Dinosaur Discovered by... High-School Girls?!" Yeah, we made the news.
Misaki: Huh? You already read it? Well, it's become a pretty big deal, so that makes sense.
Misaki: I would've never thought finding that fossil would blow up like this. I'm surprised by how significant all this turned out to be.
Misaki: Obviously, I had no idea it would end up being the remains of a new species of dinosaur.
Misaki: I don't really like standing out, but thanks to the article, it's been non-stop questions from my classmates.
Misaki: "Where did you find it?" "What were you doing on the southern islands?" Stuff like that.
Misaki: There's no way I could tell them we were on a treasure hunt. That made things a lot harder.
Misaki: Ahaha. Yeah, see. That's the reaction I'd expect from them.
Misaki: Pretty much anyone would wanna know what I mean by that. Still, I don't think the other students would understand, even if I did explain.
Misaki: I probably wouldn't have to do too much of that for you to get it though...
Misaki: I doubt this is hard to imagine, but it all started with Kokoro having an idea. Same old, same old.
Misaki: We found this map in her house, and she and the others started talking about how it might lead to treasure...
Misaki: And after a crazy series of events, we came across that fossil.
Misaki: To be honest, though, I didn't think we'd find anything. I mean, sure, it looked like a real treasure map, but I was convinced it was fake.
Misaki: Huh? You wanna know more? I can see why you'd be interested, but it's kind of a long story.
Misaki: If you're okay with that, we can talk about it the next time you're free.
Misaki: I still can't believe I ended up going on an adventure through a cave. It's like something you see in a movie.
Misaki: After all, if you're just living a normal life, it's not something you're likely to experience.
Misaki: There's no way something like that would've ever come up if I didn't know Kokoro. Think about it. Would anyone besides her suggest going on a treasure hunt during the weekend?
Misaki: ... It's not all on her though, seeing as how I went along with it. I feel like just being around her and the others has had a lot of influence on me.
Misaki: The will she has to just get up and do things is pretty impressive. If only she was a little better at planning...
Misaki: Ah, but the island itself was amazing, even if the adventuring part was tough.
Misaki: I've never seen an ocean as pretty as the one around Happy Happy Island, and the sand on the beach was completely white...
Misaki: It made me think, "If any place was paradise, this would have to be it."
Misaki: I hope if I have the chance to go back, I can take the time to relax and enjoy the scenery.
Misaki: Of course, I'd be with Kokoro and the others, so I might as well give up on my dream of going there and taking it easy.
