579_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Fruits of Our Labor

<Misaki's Confusion>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Misaki! I'm gonna be in the talent show!
Misaki: Wh-where'd that come from? Wait... Are you talking about the talent show they're holding at the New Year's party?
Kokoro: That's the one! Doesn't it sound fun?! I already let Kasumi know you and I would be participating!
Kokoro: What kind of trick should we do~?  Isn't this all so exciting?!
Misaki: I'm participating too?!
Kokoro: Not just you! I'm going to ask Michelle to join us as well! That's what I told Kasumi!
Misaki: N-now that you mention it, Michelle said she had plans that day~. She might not be able to make it to the party.
Kokoro: Then the two of us will just have to work extra hard to make up for her absence!
Misaki: Sigh~...
Kokoro: So what should we do? I want a performance that will put a smile on everyone's face!
Misaki: I mean... You're already chock-full of tricks... You do backflips on a daily basis.
Kokoro: Ah! I've got it! We can put an apple on your head, and I'll shoot it off with an arrow!
Misaki: No, no, no, no... I really do not want to do that.
Kokoro: No? Then how about-
Misaki: (If Kokoro decides what we do, this will end badly, no matter what. I should suggest something relatively safe...)
Misaki: Ah! How does, uhm... juggling sound?!
Misaki: (Juggling's not dangerous at all... That should be okay, right...?)
Kokoro: Juggling?! Great idea, Misaki! You always know what's best! ... What's juggling?
Misaki: I figured you didn't know...
Misaki: Juggling is that thing where you take a number of balls and toss them around in a circle. You know, that.
Kokoro: Oh, that! Now I know what you're talking about! Let's get started right away!
Misaki: ... Huh? You mean now? But we don't have anything to practice wi-
Black Suit: Please use these.
Misaki: ... Ah, I should have known. So the suits were here the whole time.
Kokoro: Ready, Misaki?! I'm going to give it a try! All I have to do is throw the balls in a circle, right?
Misaki: Hold on, it's not as simple as-
Kokoro: Look, look! Like this, Misaki?!
Misaki: You're already doing it! How many balls is that, anyway?
Kokoro: Fufu!  That juggling thingy is super-duper fun!
Kokoro: So how was that?  Did I do it right?
Misaki: Y-yeah. It's like you're already a pro...
Kokoro: Now it's your turn, Misaki! Here you go!
Misaki: H-hold on, don't give me all these balls! I need to start with three and go from there!
Kokoro: I know you'll have no problem, Misaki! We'll practice lots and lots and do our very best, okay?!
Misaki: I mean, you're already a master juggler. I'm the one who has to actually practice...
Kokoro: I'm just so excited to perform in the talent show with you! I wish the New Year's party would get here faster!
Misaki: ... I suppose this is better than having an apple shot off my head.
Misaki: Alright, I'll give it a go...
Misaki: One, two... three! ... Darn it. This really is hard.
Kokoro: That was good, Misaki! Just keep it up!!
Misaki: (Hey, this is kind of fun... Sigh~, what is happening to me~?)


<Misaki's Pride>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Misaki: Ah, good afternoon, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Good afternoon, Misaki-chan. Wow, are you on your way back from shopping? That's an awful lot of bags.
Misaki: Ah, yeah. I've been so busy preparing for the talent show, I never got a chance to do any shopping.
Misaki: That reminds me, thanks again for the New Year's party. I had a lot of fun.
Marina: No, I should be thanking you! Having all of you there is what made it so enjoyable.
Marina: Especially with that talent show. I was really surprised by the variety of skills you all have. You saw the video I took, right, {{userName}}-san?
Misaki: Ah, speaking of the talent show, you played the guitar, didn't you? You've got some amazing skills yourself.
Marina: Huh? You really think so? Thanks! You're going to make me blush...
Marina: Your juggling act with Kokoro-chan was really something too! It was like watching a pair of professionals!
Misaki: Thank you. Although I didn't really have much of a part in it. Kokoro was the real star of the show.
Marina: That's not true! You two were perfectly in sync with each other! I bet you did a ton of practicing, didn't you?
Misaki: Yeah~, I guess so. Enough to get by, at least.
Misaki: At first, I didn't think I'd be able to do it, but somewhere along the line, I learned how to juggle. I even surprised myself.
Marina: It's the same way with guitar. Practice really does make perfect.
Misaki: That being said, Kokoro didn't really need to rehearse at all. She could do it right from the get-go...
Marina: W-well, this is Kokoro-chan we're talking about...
Misaki: And right before our act, she suddenly decided that she wanted to ride a unicycle while juggling.
Marina: Wait, that was improvised?!
Misaki: Hard to believe, right?
Misaki: But that's Kokoro for you. Everything comes easy to her.
Misaki: She really is something else...
Marina: Fufufu...
Misaki: ... Huh? What are you laughing about?
Marina: You've been talking about Kokoro-chan this whole time. You must really treasure her.
Misaki: Wh-what are you talking about?! It's not like that at all!
Misaki: A-anyway, these bags are getting kind of heavy, so I better get going!
Marina: Fufu, okay~. Stay safe.
