587_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Late-Night Talk

Gacha phrase: And I just said what I wanted to say.

<A Gift of Felt>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Restaurant]

Hagumi: Practice was so much fun today! Good job, everybody~!
Kokoro: Yeah, we should have Michelle dance with us at the concert too!
Kaoru: And what a marvelous dance it was. My dear Kokoro and Michelle were perfectly in sync... How I wish I could have joined you.
Kanon: G-good job today, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Th-thanks... I don't get why I had to dance though. I'm supposed to be the DJ...
Kanon: Ahaha... Still, it was nice to see you having fun.
Misaki: I-I don't know about that... Although I will admit that being pulled into Kokoro's usual antics makes it feel like things are back to normal.
Kanon: Fufu, with all the fighting, you just weren't yourself, were you? I'm glad we found your book.
Misaki: Yeah, thanks again. That goes for you guys too, of course.
Kaoru: What ever for? I did nothing worthy of your gratitude. I simply enjoyed the company of my friends in my own home.
Misaki: Yeah, okay. I kinda figured you'd say that.
Hagumi: I had a lot of fun too! I fell asleep halfway through our sleepover though. Next time I wanna try to stay up all night.
Kokoro: I don't remember anything after saying we should play cards, either. I wonder what happened.
Misaki: That's because you fell asleep right after that. Literally. It was almost instantaneous.
Hagumi: Oh yeah, and since hearing about everything that happened to Mii-kun, I've been extra careful to clean my room all the time!
Kanon: You too? I've been doing the same thing.
Hagumi: Yeah, I've got lots and lots of stuff that's important to me, and I don't want to lose it.
Misaki: Ahaha, well, I'm glad you're learning from my mistakes.
Hagumi: I still get distracted when cleaning, though. Like when I find an old manga of mine and start rereading it.
Kanon: Fufu, I know what you mean. When you find an old treasure of yours, it's easy to forget about everything else.
Misaki: Yeah, that happens all the time. Even to me.
Misaki: Actually, now that I think about it, you seem like you clean a lot, Kaoru-san. Your room was completely spotless.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun! Do you have any tricks for cleaning your room?
Kaoru: Tricks, you say? Indeed, I have much I could teach you... However, perhaps the most important thing is to picture what your room will be like once it's clean.
Kaoru: Simply imagine yourself enjoying your newly beautified space, and you shall feel a rush of motivation.
Hagumi: That makes sense! I'm gonna try it out as soon as I get home!
Kokoro: That's it!
Misaki: Whoa, you scared me there... Just when I think you're being strangely quiet, you practically shout into my ear.
Kokoro: I had a feeling your conversation was reminding me of something, and now I know what it is! Cleaning is like going on a treasure hunt!
Misaki: No, I don't think so...
Kokoro: Are you sure? You find lots of important and fun stuff when you're tidying up, right? That's just like a treasure hunt!
Kanon: Actually, she might be right...
Misaki: Kanon-san, stop. You don't want to go down that road.
Kaoru: Fufu, however, with that mindset, cleaning becomes all the more enjoyable, no? As expected of our Kokoro. How very perceptive of you.
Hagumi: True! Imagining you're on a treasure hunt would make cleaning way more fun!
Kokoro: If you cleaned your entire house, I bet you'd find oodles of treasure too! Maybe I should give it a try.
Misaki: Come on, your house is way too big to clean by yourself...
Misaki: (Besides, I get the feeling she'd find actual treasures hidden around her place, not just those that bring back memories...)
Misaki: Ah, that reminds me. I found these while I was tidying up myself. Here, take a look.
Hagumi: Wow, they're so cute~! They're all made out of felt, right? Did you make these?
Misaki: Y-yeah, a long time ago... I thought maybe you guys would want one, so I brought them along...
Hagumi: Wait, really?! Then I'll take this one! It looks just like Monkey!
Kokoro: And this bear looks just like Michelle!
Kanon: I'll take this jellyfish then. Thank you, Misaki-chan.
Kaoru: Fufu, what fleeting presents. I'll be sure to treasure it.
Hagumi: Still, for something you made so long ago, these are really well-made! They look practically new!
Kaoru: Indeed they do. No doubt it is because our Misaki treated them with the utmost care. Isn't that right?
Misaki: Huh...? Oh, uh, yeah! Ahaha...
Hagumi: Thanks, Mii-kun! Now I have another treasure to cherish!
Kokoro: I'll be sure to take extra good care of mine too! I'll put it in the biggest hall in my house!
Kanon: Where should I put mine...? It's so hard to decide.
Misaki: Come on, you don't have to go that far. Although, I am glad to hear you like them.
Misaki: (I actually made those as thanks for the other day but... saying that just isn't my style.)
Misaki: (Although, I get the feeling Kaoru-san figured it out...)
Misaki: (In any case, thanks again, everyone.)


<Those Who Let Me Be>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Ah, hey there, Misaki-chan~.
Misaki: Ah, Marina-san. Hello.
Marina: Fufu. It's nice to see you in a good mood again.
Misaki: ...? What do you mean?
Marina: Ah, sorry! I was just thinking how much happier you look than the last time I saw you here.
Misaki: Huh? Was I really that gloomy?
Marina: Yeah, {{userName}}-san and I were kinda worried something happened.
Misaki: Is that so...?  I'm sorry about that.
Marina: Oh, no, it's fine! ... Can I ask if something happened though?
Misaki: Well... I had a fight with my mom that day.
Marina: Gotcha... Did you already make up?
Misaki: Yeah, we're fine now.
Misaki: She mistakenly donated a book of mine to the library. And it just so happened to be a book very important to me.
Marina: I see... That would certainly cause a fight.
Misaki: It was partially my own fault, though. I just had it lying around. It makes sense that she thought it was something I didn't need.
Misaki: At the time though, I really didn't want to go home, so I asked Kaoru-san if I could stay at her place.
Marina: Kaoru-san's, huh...? I wouldn't expect you to go there.
Misaki: Ahaha, neither would I.  Kaoru-san didn't say a word though.
Misaki: Everyone was really concerned. Which I'm glad to know they care, but it kinda made things harder for me....
Marina: Yeah~... When you're feeling down like that, it's hard to deal with people worrying about you all the time. Sometimes you just want someone who will let you be.
Misaki: Exactly. I think that's the kind of person I needed in that moment.
Misaki: And that just so happened to be Kaoru-san. She'll be whatever someone needs or wants of her.
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure that's part of Kaoru-san's appeal.
Misaki: Yeah, I think you're right.
Misaki: She really helped me out this time. I should find some way to thank her, but I don't know... It's kinda embarrassing.
Marina: Fufu, well, I hope someday you can tell her how you feel.
Misaki: It might take me a while, but I'll try... Ah, sorry, I didn't mean to keep you for so long.
Marina: Don't worry about it. Feel free to talk to me anytime.
Misaki: Will do. Thanks for listening.
