669_Misaki Okusawa_R2 Effort in Moderation

<Easier Said than Done...>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Misaki: So in the end, you weren't able to go to the bookstore?
Arisa: Nope. They just up and closed for the day from what I gathered. The problem is what happened afterward. Kasumi dragged us all to a restaurant in her typical happy-go-lucky style.
Arisa: I assumed that Rinko-senpai would decline the offer, but she went along with it...
Misaki: Wow. What happened next?
Arisa: Rinko-senpai tried her best to match Kasumi's conversational tempo, but it made her head spin.
Misaki: Ah~. Well, I can see that... Talk about a handful.
Arisa: You've got that right. It was almost impossible to keep her going.
Arisa: And I never got my book, either... It was a mess.
Misaki: Hmmm~... Can't you just try again?
Arisa: Try again?
Misaki: The bookstore was closed, so you have an excuse to invite Rinko-senpai again.
Misaki: As for Toyama-san and Ako... I suppose they made for good training.
Arisa: Yeah, you've got a point, but...
Arisa: Sending the actual invite is where all the difficulty lies.
Misaki: Ah, I guess that's true...
Arisa: There's gotta be something... A quick, easy way that doesn't come off as rude.
Misaki: Hahaha, I can see how that could be stressful. A botched invitation could come off as impolite.
Arisa: Exactly! It's hard to know when the line is crossed...
Arisa & Misaki: Hmmm...
Arisa: Ugh, I can't think of anything...
Misaki: Perhaps this would be smooth sailing if you had some of Toyama-san's forcefulness.
Arisa: Pretty much~. Phew... Maybe it's best to put this on hold for now.
Misaki: ... You know though, I've seen how good of a mood you've been in lately.
Misaki: Or maybe "fulfilled" would be a better way of describing it.
Arisa: Huh?! No way, you're reading too much into this!
Arisa: Think about it. How could anyone be enjoying themselves when they're under this much stress?
Misaki: Hmmm, are you sure~? You don't seem to be that bothered by it.
Arisa: That's... Well, I guess it's not all that bad...
Misaki: Ichigaya-san. You're blushing.
Arisa: Kn-knock it off! I am not!
Misaki: Hahaha. Alright, whatever you say~.
Misaki: Okay, there's the bell. I think I'd better go.
Arisa: Uh-huh... Oh, jeez! I'm supposed to be helping the student council organize documents!
Arisa: Uhhh, where's my bag...? Okay, take care! Later~!
Misaki: Good grief. That was quite the smile she left with.
Misaki: See ya, Ichigaya-san~. And good luck~.


<Surprisingly Simple>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Misaki: Hm? {{userName}}-san...? Good afternoon~.
Misaki: Fancy meeting you here at the bookstore.
Misaki: I see. So you came to buy some new music magazines for the CiRCLE lobby.
Misaki: Me? Let's see, I'm here to... Hm, how to explain it...
Misaki: The other day, Rinko-senpai, Kanon-san, Ichigaya-san, Sayo-senpai and I had the chance to eat lunch together. Eventually, we ended up talking about books.
Misaki: Which made me feel like it's been too long since I've read something. So here I am.
Misaki: Huh? Ah~... Haha. You're right, that was a unique group of lunch guests.
Misaki: Rinko-senpai and Ichigaya-san are both on the student council, but they were still nervous around each other.
Misaki: Kanon-san and Sayo-senpai figured that bringing them together could give them the chance to solve that problem.
Misaki: But anyway... Ichigaya-san is pretty impressive.
Misaki: Well, everyone can be, sure, but right now, I'm focusing on her.
Misaki: I try to distance myself from things that I don't handle well.
Misaki: I thought that Ichigaya-san was the same way. That's why what happened the other day shocked me. It's part of why I was impressed thinking about her decision to join the council.
Misaki: I honestly thought that she didn't need to push herself that hard.
Misaki: But despite all the hard work involved, Ichigaya-san seemed to be enjoying herself...
Misaki: After seeing that dedicated side of her, confronting one's weaknesses doesn't seem like such a bad idea.
Misaki: Not to say that it'd be easy or anything.
Misaki: You think it can be surprisingly simple...? Fufu, it'd be nice if that were true.
Misaki: Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to ramble on.
Misaki: I'd like to go check out that section over there, so I'll take my leave for now.
Misaki: Thank you very much for stopping to chat with me. See you later.
