685_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Surprising Contents

Gacha phrase: Kokoro really does have "it," doesn't she?

<Seed of Happiness>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Early Morning]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Misaki: Can't remember the last time I came to school this early...
Misaki: How did I talk myself into doing something this embarrassing...? I had better finish before someone sees me...
Misaki: Now, where did that watering can get off to...? Must be around here somewhere... Oh.
Kanon: Huh? Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Ah... Kanon-san.
Kanon: You're here rather early, aren't you? Classes don't start for another... Hm? Misaki-chan, is that a... watering can you're holding?
Kanon: Did you come here to water the flowers?
Misaki: Hahaha... You caught me red-handed...
Kanon: Huh? Was it supposed to be a secret?
Misaki: Nah, I wouldn't say that. It's just a little embarrassing to have someone know what I'm doing...
Kanon: I don't think it's anything to be ashamed of, personally.
Kanon: It's wonderful that our Smile Patrol activities are finding new ground.
Misaki: So you say, but that is exactly why it's so awkward.
Kanon: Fufu, I see.
Misaki: Hahaha... I couldn't believe what we were doing at first, but it turned out to be a pretty good time in the end.
Kanon: Yeah. I found myself liking the idea of our activities coming together to help make everyone smile.
Misaki: Well, there is that, too. I just thought I could find something quick and easy to help do my part.
Kanon: And that's why you decided to water the flowers.
Misaki: Pretty much...
Kanon: Fufu, I think it's terrific that you take action, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kanon: I was embarrassed at first too. Marching around town like that is not something I'd ever consider on my own.
Kanon: But yeah, it did end up being a lot of fun. Ending that journey with a live performance was very appropriate for our band, I think.
Misaki: Kokoro did mention something about "the power of smiles". She really does have a way of getting people to believe something~.
Kanon: That part of her is pretty remarkable, isn't it?
Misaki: True, but now we have even more on our plate~. The Smile Patrol duties will be in addition to our normal band activities, as I recall...
Teacher: Good morning, girls. What brings you two here so early?
Misaki: Ah, Sensei. Good morning.
Kanon: G-good morning.
Teacher: Oh, have you watered the school's flower garden? Thank you so much~.
Misaki: I-I, uh... well, you see...
Teacher: Ah, what perfect timing. Wait here a moment.
Misaki & Kanon: ...?
Teacher: While you're at it, would you mind planting these seeds? Livening up this garden would be a great way of bringing some happiness to our school.
Kanon: Oh, sunflower seeds?
Teacher: If they are planted now, they should bloom in time for summer. You don't mind, do you? Anyway, I must be going now. Thank you again!
Kanon: Here one second, gone the next...
Misaki: What do you think, Kanon-san? I mean, it's probably too late to back out now.
Kanon: Hmmm... I say we go for it. How about you? Sounds like something that everyone would enjoy.
Misaki: Hahaha, all in a day's work for the Smile Patrol, I suppose.
(Black cut)
Misaki: There... Alright, that should do it.
Kanon: I hope they grow big and beautiful enough to make everyone smile.
Misaki: You said it~. Summer is still a ways off, though.
Kanon: Hmmm, but I'm sure it will feel like no time at all, so long as we're together.
Misaki: Ah, I can't argue with that.
Kanon: Fufu. I hope summer gets here soon.
Misaki: Yeah... Me, too.


<What I Can Do Now>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Misaki: Ah, good afternoon, {{userName}}-san. Are you doing some shopping as well?
Misaki: What am I doing? I happen to be looking for a book.
Misaki: It's called "A Beginner's Guide to Flower Gardening." I'm sure you can guess what it's about from the title alone.
Misaki: ... That's not what you expected me to say? Yeah, I know~.
Misaki: Ah, no! That's okay! I mean, I agree with you, actually.
Misaki: Haha, yeah, of course you'd be curious. Why in the world would I want to buy a book like that?
Misaki: Well, the other day, the rest of Hello, Happy World! and I did something called a Smile Patrol.
Misaki: ... Huh? The Smile Patrol is mostly about engaging in, uhm... activities that protect everyone's smiles.
Misaki: Having said that, I still don't really get it myself... Yes, it was originally Kokoro's idea.
Misaki: I guess you could say it's business as usual... But hey, it suits Kokoro, wouldn't you say?
Misaki: We did some brainstorming about ways to help make people smile.
Misaki: And so, I looked back on that list and tried to choose something that I could do on my own without much trouble.
Misaki: In the end, I went with watering the flowers at our school, but my teacher caught me in the act...
Misaki: One thing led to another, and I was tasked with growing sunflowers...
Misaki: But hey, if I'm going to be doing this, I should make sure they're properly looked after.
Misaki: That's why I'm here looking for that book.
Misaki: I mean, making people smile isn't such a bad goal to have.
Misaki: ... Haha... ha... Yeah, I think Kokoro is definitely rubbing off on me.
Misaki: It's like... she has some sort of amazing power that you can't help but respect.
Misaki: The ability to change the mood of an entire room... or something like that.
Misaki: In other words, she has really got "it."
Misaki: When you're with someone like that, they have an effect on you.
Misaki: What about the effect that I've had on other people?
Misaki: Hmmm, who knows~. I haven't really noticed anything like that...
Misaki: ... But... it could happen. I wouldn't mind if that were the case.
Misaki: ... Anyway! I think I've rambled on for long enough. Time to go hunt down that book.
Misaki: Thank you for taking the time to speak with me today! Bye for now!
