752_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Big Spark, Small Spark

Gacha phrase: ... Hello, Happy World! is kinda like fireworks, huh?

<The Trick to Haiku is...>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Kasumi: Hey~! Misaki-chan~!
Misaki: Toyama-san. I'm guessing that Poppin'Party also made some reservations for today.
Kasumi: Uh-huh! It's so exciting to be back here~!
Kasumi: What are you up to?
Misaki: I just finished cleaning up, so now I'm waiting.
Kasumi: What?! You guys had rehearsal too?! Why didn't you tell me?!
Misaki: Huh? Uh... should I have?
Kasumi: We could have had so much fun practicing together!
Misaki: That probably would have been pretty lively and all, but... if Kokoro and Hagumi get too wound up, they tend to have trouble focusing on the music~.
Misaki: ... Besides, I had no idea you guys would be here! You typically play in Ichigaya-san's basement, right? That's what I remember, anyway.
Kasumi: Sure do! We sometimes come down here, though. O-Tae said she felt like practicing here instead!
Misaki: I see. I think we'll be cutting down on our sessions pretty soon.
Misaki: Trying to align everyone's schedules during summer vacation never works out too well.
Kasumi: I wish summer vacation didn't have to end~! Just curious, but... did you finish all of your summer homework?
Misaki: Most of it. I plan on finishing it up after I get home tonight.
Kasumi: You're already done?! Boy, do I envy you~. I've barely put a dent in mine.
Kasumi: That haiku assignment is giving me the most trouble! If I can just get that done, then I feel like I can coast through the rest.
Misaki: Ah, that one~. It wasn't easy for me either. Took me a whole day to finish.
Misaki: Wait, don't you write lyrics, Toyama-san? I imagine you're pretty good at writing song phrases and stuff.
Misaki: If you take that talent, add a five-seven-five pattern and throw in some seasonal words, then it'll probably turn into a haiku on its own.
Kasumi: Really? Hmmm, maybe~.
Kasumi: The lyrics I write are always based on the sparkling, heart-pounding things in my life, so... hmmm...
Misaki: That sounds like something you'd say. Even still, are lyrics and haiku really all that different?
Misaki: I mean, haiku are just a record of stuff like pretty scenery or anything that has left an impression on you.
Misaki: Things you want to express or share with others... You know, that phrase you use all the time... Sparkling and heart-pounding. Anything that makes you feel that way should work, I figure.
Kasumi: Sharing my sparkling, heart-pounding feelings, huh...? But there are so many of those! How can I choose~?!
Misaki: Since it is summer homework, maybe you should focus on events that have happened over the summer and use those for your haiku.
Kasumi: That makes sense~! What kind of haiku did you write, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Mine was, uh... kind of based on the fireworks festival that I went to with the rest of my band.
Misaki: So why don't you focus on all the nice feelings and memorable times you've had recently... and write about those?
Misaki: I imagine your life is filled with non-stop excitement, so you can probably write a haiku by just putting those thoughts down on paper.
Kasumi: I see... Alright, then! I totally feel like I can do this now!
Kasumi: As soon as I get home, I'll think over all the fun stuff that has happened to me lately! My summer was full of so many great memories!
Misaki: I hope it all goes well for you.
Kasumi: In any case, I'm impressed, Misaki-chan. You're like a haiku teacher now!
Kasumi: Aw yeah! Misaki-sensei!
Misaki: T-teacher...?
Kasumi: Hehehe. I might be able to finish this assignment now. Thanks for the help, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: No, no. Think nothing of it.
Misaki: ... By the way. Everything I said may have sounded cool, but it was all taught to me by Kanon-san, and-
Kasumi: Ah! It's Hagu! Over here~!
Kasumi: Hey, Hagu! Did you finish the haiku assignment?! I was totally stuck on it until Misaki-chan gave me a few pointers~!
Kasumi: She is like a haiku teacher now! Here, I'll share some of the tips she taught me!
Misaki: Hold on...! You're making it sound like I'm taking the credit for what I learned from someone else...!
Kasumi: Let's see! Some good sources of inspiration are pretty scenery or stuff that left an impression on you, and...
Misaki: No, Toyama-san! Stop, stop!


<Even If It's a Familiar View>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Marina: Hm? Say, isn't that Misaki-chan over there?
Marina: Hey~! Misaki-chan~!
Misaki: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon. Are you out doing some shopping?
Marina: You guessed it. We're a little worn out and are taking a break. How about you?
Misaki: I am... uhm... taking a walk. Yes, a walk.
Marina: Hm,  a walk. Is that really all you're doing~?
Marina: Misaki-chan, you're so easy to read. That's not the whole story, is it?
Misaki: Ah... Well, it's not like I was trying to hide anything. I just didn't think it was important, is all...
Misaki: To tell the truth, I'm scouting for some scenery... I mean, that isn't really any different from taking a walk.
Marina: Scenery? Is there something special going on today? Things seem pretty normal around here...
Misaki: You're right, it's the same old neighborhood. Hmmm, how should I explain it...?
Misaki: You see, part of our summer vacation homework is to write a haiku.
Misaki: It was giving me a lot of trouble, but Kanon-san suggested that I try to find some nice-looking scenery and then writing down how it made me feel.
Misaki: A fireworks festival happened to be right around the corner, so the whole band went together.
Marina: Going to see the fireworks with friends, huh~. Wow, that sounds like a blast!
Misaki: Yeah. Well... they made it into a fun affair, anyway.
Misaki: We looked around at all the stands and whatnot, then Kokoro said she wanted to ride a pleasure boat, so we watched the fireworks from there...
Misaki: It was a pretty eventful day, all things considered.
Misaki: We actually ended up seeing CiRCLE while we were there.
Marina: Really?! So you can see it from the river, then!
Misaki: Yes, the same old CiRCLE we've seen a million times. But seeing it from that boat somehow felt a little different.
Misaki: ... Yeah, 'different' is the best way to put it.
Misaki: If you change the time, place, and people you're with, everyday sights and sounds change with them. I guess there's no such thing as seeing the same scenery twice.
Misaki: That's why I decided to go on this walk... To get out and enjoy those sights at my own pace.
Marina: Now that is an amazing way to look at things, Misaki-chan. Seems to me that a part of you wants to treasure the time you're given.
Misaki: Haha, it sounds kind of embarrassing when you put it that way.
Marina: Fufu. But yeah, it really is a beautiful outlook on life.
Marina: Here's an idea! Why not take those thoughts you had just now and make them into a haiku? I'd love to hear it!
Misaki: Y-you don't hold back, do you...? That sounds even more embarrassing, so maybe some other time.
Misaki: ... Phew. Sorry, I've been rambling on for far too long. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me.
Misaki: See you again soon.
