808_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Lost Santa

Gacha phrase: I'm glad we got to spend the day together…

<The Shape of My Thoughts>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: Man, I didn't know what was gonna happen there for a second... But somehow everything turned out okay.
Kanon: It really was a great party, wasn't it? There was a lot to do, but it felt like it all flew by in an instant.
Misaki: It really was a lot of work. That Hagumi. I know it was all for Santa, but did we really need that many croquettes?
Misaki: I mean, there's no way we were gonna finish that many. I get being excited, but Hagumi's dad seriously went overboard!
Kanon: Well, that meant everyone who came to our concert was able to get some, and they all looked very happy. That's Kitazawa Meats for you, their croquettes really are famous~.
Kanon: Oh, right, Santa Michelle was very popular, wasn't she? Misaki-chan, good work out there~.
Misaki: Sigh... A little too much work, if you ask me~.
Kanon: Today was especially hard... By the way, what happened when you went out to look for Hagumi-chan?
Kanon: Hagumi-chan said she met Santa, but was that...?
Misaki: Ah... Well, you see... Actually...
(Black cut)
Kanon: I see... S-so that's what happened. That must have been tough...
Misaki: I was out there looking for Hagumi while wearing Michelle, so I ran outta gas real quick.
Misaki: So I thought I'd take a break, but then Hagumi found me... I thought my heart was gonna stop...
Misaki: Thank goodness it was so dark out there... If it wasn't, I don't think I could've played it off like I did.
Kanon: I see... That's when Hagumi-chan found Michelle and thought that she'd found Santa, right?
Misaki: I don't know if I'd call it good luck or bad. In any case, I somehow matched Hagumi's mental image of Santa.
Misaki: Well, I guess that wasn't too hard to do. I was sort of dressed like Santa, and Michelle's already big and round.
Kanon: So when Hagumi-chan called out to you, you decided to answer back as Santa...
Misaki: It's not like I did it because I wanted to... I just didn't want to disappoint Hagumi, that's all...
Misaki: Knowing Hagumi, she wouldn't have come back until she found Santa. That's why I had to do what I did.
Kanon: But you know, hearing your story makes me happy.
Misaki: Happy...? Why?
Kanon: I think you proved that anyone really can become Santa.
Misaki: Aw, come on, Kanon-san... Now you're just exaggerating.
Kanon: No, I'm not. I think Santa is the personification of a person's desire to treasure another person.
Misaki: ... You know, before this, my little brother asked me if Santa was real. I didn't know how to answer him then, so I just dodged the question~.
Misaki: But today, I think I can confidently tell him that Santa's real.
Kanon: Fufu. Yeah, he is!
Misaki: I never thought the day would come where I'd be saying stuff like this... It's kind of a shocker, even to me... Ahaha...
Misaki: Well, I suppose I could think of these feelings as my present from Santa... Yeah, that's not very like me, is it?
Kanon: I think that's a great way to look at it. Presents come in all shapes and sizes, after all. Besides, it's Christmas.
Misaki: Fufu, that's true. Alright then, I'll take it as a present from Santa.
Kanon: ... Hey, Misaki-chan. I've got a request for you, if you don't mind.
Misaki: Hm? What's up?
Kanon: Um... Well, I was just wondering if you could show me your Santa impression...
Misaki: What?! N-no! Absolutely not!
Kanon: Don't be like that. Please! Just show me a little bit!
Misaki: But... You're gonna laugh at me...
Kanon: I won't! I promise I won't laugh, okay?
Misaki: ... Fine... But just once, okay? M-mm...
Misaki: Ho, ho, ho, I'm Santa... Oh, dearie me, looks like I've lost my way~...
Kanon: ... I see... That's why you said, "ho, ho, ho" at the beginning of our concert. Fufu... That's certainly very Santa-like... Fufu... Fufufu...
Misaki: Ah~, see? I knew you'd laugh at me.
Kanon: Fufu... Sorry... But, Misaki-chan... Your old man impression... Fufu... Ahaha...
Misaki: Kanon-chan, you wouldn't laugh at an old man, would yah? I'll have you know, I've been talkin' like this ever since I was a young whippersnapper!
Kanon: Wait... Ahaha, stop, Misaki-chan... Quit it, fufufufu...!
Misaki: Quit what, young lady? Kanon-chan, you said you wanted to meet me, didn't you? ... Fufu...
Kanon: Ah, look, now you're laughing too... Ahaha!
Misaki: That's because you laughed first! Fufu, ahaha!
Misaki & Kanon: Ahahaha!


<A Christmas to Remember>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Oh, it's Misaki-chan! Hey!
Misaki: Ah. Hey, you two. Out shopping?
Marina: Yeah, now that Christmas is over and everything has calmed down a little, I thought we'd get some stuff done while we can.
Misaki: It's nice to see how lively everything gets around Christmas, but it also means everyone gets busy, doesn't it?
Misaki: We were pretty busy, too. Kokoro came up with a plan to hold a Christmas party and concert at the same time...
Marina: Ah, I heard about that! I bet preparing for that must've been a lot of work.
Misaki: Oh, man, you have no idea. We wrote a new song and had to prepare the venues for both the concert and the party...
Misaki: Everything happened in Kokoro's backyard, you know. So it was nowhere near as convenient as playing at a live house... The suits really helped us out a lot.
Marina: I see, that does sound like a lot of work. How was the concert? I heard you were handing out flyers.
Misaki: Yeah, I was. Thanks to that, a lot of people came, and I think the whole event went over well.
Misaki: I was watching from onstage, and it looked like everyone was having a good time.
Marina: Well, good for you guys! It must have been a really fun show if Hello, Happy World! was involved.
Misaki: I don't know if you could call it a fun show, but Kaoru-san did reenact a famous scene from "A Christmas Carol" in the middle of our concert.
Misaki: It came out of nowhere, so we were all really confused at first. Before we knew it, though, everyone was pulled into her world. She got a standing ovation at the end.
Misaki: For a lot of the guests, that was their first time seeing Kaoru-san perform. After the show I heard many of them talking about how they wanted to go to one of her performances in the future.
Misaki: And Kaoru-san seemed pretty satisfied after seeing that the guests enjoyed her performance.
Marina: Wow~, that's Hello, Happy World! for you! All of you are always bundles of fun! I really wanted to go~...
Marina: Ah, you think so too, {{userName}}-san? Yeah, it sounds like they really went all out to make sure the audience had a good time!
Misaki: Ahaha, thank you very much. Up until now, I've never done anything special for Christmas...
Misaki: But I suppose having a big flashy party like that every once in a while isn't so bad.
Misaki: It definitely was an unforgettable Christmas, that's for sure. It was fun... I guess.
Marina: Fufu, that's good to hear.. So does that mean this year's Christmas was your best Christmas ever?
Misaki: Well, if you asked me if I wanted to do it again, I'd need some time to think. Haha...
Misaki: Next up is New Year's, huh...? Ah~... It feels like I'm gonna be busy for a while...
Marina: I know the feeling~. Both of us just have to keep our spirits up!
Misaki: Fufu, you're right. Let's keep doing what we can.
Misaki: I wonder what I'm gonna get dragged into next year... Well, this is Hello, Happy World! we're talking about. Whatever I think up, they'll probably come up with something way crazier...
Misaki: In any case, it looks like next year's going to be very busy, too.
Marina: Fufu, it sure does. We're looking forward to hearing more fun stories from you.
Misaki: If my stories are good enough, then I'm happy to share. Ah, I'm sorry, I've been talking your ears off... Well then, I'll be going.
