831_Misaki Okusawa_R4 The Other Me

Gacha phrase: I think I'll try playing both roles for a bit longer.

<Yin and Yang Part 1>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa)

[Studio]

Misaki: Ahhh~... Just as I thought. I knew I heard something strange~... Oh well, I can probably handle this myself...
Sayo: Okusawa-san, there you are. We were looking for you... Hm?
Chisato: Is that the Michelle costume? What are you doing?
Misaki: Ah. You see, I think it got a tear from today's rehearsal, so I need to hurry and repair it...
Saya: Wow, so that's part of your job too. Impressive...
Tomoe: Talk about handy.
Misaki: Not at all... Those suit people from Kokoro's place usually take care of the maintenance, but they're not around today.
Tomoe: Oh, those guys. I see them hanging around your group sometimes.
Saya: They threw me for a loop when I first saw them. Who are they, anyway...?
Misaki: Hey, your guess is as good as mine... Anyway, you said you were looking for me? What's up?
Chisato: There are some potential changes to the program for the Girl's Band Party performance date. We want to finalize that together.
Sayo: If you are too busy to attend, then we do not mind having another member of your band participate.
Misaki: No, I will take care of it.
Saya: Are you sure? Aren't you usually the one who handles the behind-the-scenes duties and the office work?
Sayo: Yes, I do recall hearing that. What exactly do the other members do?
Misaki: What do they do...? Be their usual energetic selves, haha...
Tomoe: Come to think of it, I heard that Misaki in charge of writing the music, not to mention setting up the live house and event venues.
Chisato: And on top of that, she participates on stage as Michelle.
Saya: Doesn't that mean she does twice the work of a normal person?
Tomoe: Are you seriously alright with that? It's not good to work too hard.
Misaki: Man, I feel bad for making you all worry. But seriously, I'm fine.
Misaki: While it's true that I have a lot to do, that's just sort of the way things panned out...
Tomoe: But it's not like you're the only one who can do that stuff, right? Why not have some of the other members pitch in?
Misaki: Nah, I don't think... that would work too well~.
Saya: Why not?
Misaki: First of all, no one but Kanon-san has managed to figure out that I am Michelle... which is why Misaki Okusawa works behind the scenes...
Sayo: They have yet to figure out that it is actually you in that costume...? Or perhaps they are incapable of doing so.
Misaki: That's the gist of it... I've already given up on that front.
Misaki: And honestly, asking anyone other than Kanon-san to help would only add more work to my pile.
Chisato: Ah, that is definitely true... Er, my apologies. That was rude of me.
Misaki: No, no... Well, in any case, there isn't much reason or benefit in having the others help out backstage.
Chisato: I see... That much be rather taxing. Having said that, I must admit that it does somewhat resemble Pastel＊Palettes in a way.
Misaki: Oh, really? But don't idols typically leave the behind-the-scenes work to their agency staff?
Chisato: They do not assist with each and every single task. As newcomers in the idol industry, we must handle as much as we can on our own.
Saya: It's not as glamorous as it looks.
Chisato: Not at all. Therefore, it would be nice if everyone were able to take care of both themselves and their Pastel＊Palettes duties...
Chisato: But everyone has their own strengths and weakness, so it cannot be helped.
Tomoe: You've got a big heart, Shirasagi-san...
Tomoe: Our crew is kind of like that, in a way. Everyone has their own way of doing things. That goes for me too.
Tomoe: I think that Himari, as the leader, must go through a lot trying to keep us in line.
Sayo: Everyone has similar thoughts regarding their own bands...
Misaki: How are things with your group, Sayo-senpai? Does Roselia ever have its rough spots?
Chisato: I imagine Roselia has difficulties that greatly differ from our own.
Sayo: ... I simply do everything I must for the sake of Roselia.
Chisato: I see... I will not pry any further, then.
Saya: Hahaha... Yeah, Poppin'Party has its fair share of trouble too.
Saya: Kasumi and O-Tae are off in their own worlds, while Arisa and Rimi-rin are shy when in public.
Saya: So I guess I get stuff with a lot of the work when it comes to handling contacts and work like this.
Misaki: No kidding~. Looks like everyone has it rough~... Haha...


<Yin and Yang Part 2>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa)

[Studio]

Misaki: Did everyone from our group do their share? They're not the best at catching onto things.
Saya: From what I remember, Arisa said your band helped with handing out flyers.
Misaki: Handing out flyers... I think that was Kaoru-san's and Hagumi's jobs...
Chisato: Hina-chan should have also been present... Did Arisa-chan mention anything?
Saya: Um... Hahaha.
Tomoe: That doesn't sound good.
Saya: Ummm... I believe it was something like "I'm beat~! Those guys are impossible to control~." Fufu.
Chisato: An understandable reaction given the members...
Misaki: Sorry for all the trouble.
Sayo: That Hina... I must offer my apologies to Ichigaya-san later...
Saya: No, no! It's not a problem! Arisa herself said that it was all of their hard work that got the job done in the end.
Misaki: Huh? Really?
Saya: Uh-huh. I mean, Arisa isn't exactly the best at approaching people she doesn't know...
Saya: Kaoru-san, Hina-san, Hagumi. They're perfectly fine with talking to strangers, unlike Arisa... They were the ones helping her out, from the looks of it.
Chisato: Fufu, I am glad to hear it.
Saya: But... she did mention something about "wanting someone different next time." Fufufu.
Misaki: Hahaha... I know exactly where Ichigaya-san is coming from.
Misaki: Those two aren't the least bit shy, so it does bail me out at times.
Misaki: But trying to keep them from going overboard isn't easy...
Tomoe: Speaking of going overboard, our five vocalists can be hard to control once they start going at it.
Tomoe: Ran tends to make a scene with Minato-san whenever they have different opinions on the collaboration track.
Sayo: I don't believe there is any remedy to that. Minato-san has her own firm beliefs regarding Roselia. There is no need for anyone to compromise their own ideals simply to avoid conflict with her.
Tomoe: The same goes for dealing with Ran. She's the type who will stick to her guns no matter what.
Chisato: Each band has its own special convictions to which they adhere, so it is only natural for some conflict to arise.
Chisato: Aya-chan seems to have been quite flustered whenever there are disagreements, being unsure of how to handle the situation.
Tomoe: But you'd honestly never know any of these problems were going on considering how well the collaboration track is coming along.
Misaki: And in the middle of it all, I bet Kokoro is there spouting stuff that doesn't make any sense...
Chisato: Fufu. That is not true at all. Aya-chan herself said that 'Kokoro-chan is the one who motivated her to speak her mind'.
Chisato: I believe was truly inspired her was when Kokoro-chan said: "You should just come out and say exactly how you feel."
Misaki: Kokoro said that...?
Sayo: The collaboration song involves the effort of all five bands. If we do not include the thoughts of everyone present, then there is no reason for it to exist.
Sayo: Not a single word of Tsurumaki-san's statement is wrong.
Tomoe: It's all thanks to Kokoro that those five can properly have their say. Hehe, right on.
Misaki: Huh... How about that.
Saya: Hm? Misaki, what's with that smile?
Misaki: N-nothing. I was just glad that I don't need to worry about them doing a good job, is all.
Misaki: (Kokoro, Hagumi, Kaoru-san, Kanon-san. They're all out there doing the best they can.)
Misaki: ... People are all cut out for different things, so I think it is best for everyone to focus on what they can bring to the table.
Chisato: Well said. It is not necessary for every member to excel in every area.
Misaki: Pretty much. Now to find what I can contribute...
Misaki: Misaki Okusawa who works behind the scenes, and Michelle who stands in the spotlight. I'll try to bring the two roles a little closer together.
Tomoe: Hey, that sounds cool! I don't remember that side of you, Misaki.
Misaki: Haha, I was just showing off a bit... Ah, we've been talking for a while now, but we still need to go over the program for the performance date, right?
Saya: Ah, I nearly forgot. It's getting late, so we should hurry and nail that down.
Misaki: Speaking of which, we also need to update the actual program chart itself.
Sayo: Yes, and share the information with Marina-san, as well. May I entrust that task to you?
Misaki: No problem. That is something I can handle. Alright... let's get started, then~.
