856_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Diligent Songwriting!

<A Present for You>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Walking Home]

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Mmm, the weather is so nice! I wonder what exciting things are out there today.
Kokoro: Let's go out and look for them, Misaki!
Misaki: ...
Kokoro: Misaki? Why do you look so down?
Kokoro: Oh, I know! You must be thinking about something, right?!
Misaki: Ah, yeah. About Kanon-san's street performance.
Misaki: She said that she wanted to do it herself, but I'm still wondering if there's anything I can do to help.
Kokoro: There's no reason to concern yourself. Kanon wishes to put on the show herself, correct?
Misaki: Yeah, I get that, but...
Misaki: Kokoro, you're one to talk. You were the first person offering to help her out before.
Kokoro: Oh, was I? I don't really remember.
Misaki: Sigh, you really are something...
Misaki: I mean, aren't you the least bit worried about her? Even a little?
Kokoro: Not at all. It is Kanon, after all.
Kokoro: If anyone can make other people smile, it's her, yes?
Misaki: Okay, I agree with you there, but...
Kokoro: Then there's no need to worry! I can't wait to see what she plays!
Misaki: ... Pfft. I can't believe you, hahaha...
Misaki: I swear, you are one of a kind.
Kokoro: One of a kind? What do you mean?
Misaki: Never mind. But yeah. Maybe I was overthinking things.
Kokoro: ...? I don't really follow, but I'm glad that I could help in some way!
Kokoro: Now, let's get out there and see what fun is waiting for us!
Misaki: Fun stuff, huh? I wouldn't mind finding inspiration for our new song~.
Misaki: We've got that preschool concert coming up soon, you know? And we haven't even decided on what direction to take it in...
Misaki: Ah... That's it...
Kokoro: What is it now, Misaki?
Misaki: Say... why don't I make a song for Kanon-san to play?
Misaki: She said she'll be using one of our tracks for her show, but since it's such a special event for her, I think a similarly special arrangement is in order.
Misaki: I think she'd be happy having a song that's fitting for a street performance.
Kokoro: Ohhh, what a wonderful idea~! I had just thought of the same thing!
Kokoro: Amazing, Misaki! Let's make this new song right away!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. Thanks for that. Let's find a café to sit down and plan it out...
Kokoro: ...! I have an idea! Misaki, I need a notebook!
Misaki: Huh? Right now? H-hold on. I think there's one in my bag...
Misaki: Found it! Here, is this one okay? You can use this pen too.
Kokoro: Let's see... Hm, hm, hmmm~♪ Tra-la-la-la~♪
Misaki: Look, move over to the side if you're going to write something. You're in the way of other people.
Kokoro: There, finished! This will be the song for Kanon's performance!
Misaki: Oh? Hmmm~... Is that a mountain? And this is a... tanuki?
Misaki: Sorry. I don't think I can focus out here... Let's find a café to sit down and discuss things in detail.
Kokoro: It starts with the sun shining brightly in the sky, and then...
Misaki: Whoa~, stop right there! The café comes first!
Kokoro: Mmm, the ideas just keep pouring in~!
Misaki: Then plug it up for now! Come on! We'd better hurry!


<Our Beloved Drummer>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Misaki: Excuse me~. I'd like to make a studio reservation.
Marina: Coming~! Welcome, Misaki-chan. Ah, I heard the news~.
Marina: Kanon-chan and Arisa-chan put on a street performance, right? I heard it was a big hit!
Misaki: Oh man, you had to be there. It went pretty well.
Marina: Sigh, I knew it~. I wouldn't have missed it for anything had I known beforehand.
Misaki: Oh well, there's always next time.
Marina: You're right. And I'll be looking forward to it.
Marina: Ah, by the way, wasn't the song they played for the show one that you wrote?
Misaki: Ah, that was, um...
Misaki: Kokoro wanted to do something for Kanon-san, so I just kinda threw it together. That's all...
Marina: Fufu, you're so kind, Misaki-chan~.
Misaki: I-I mean, it was all because of Kokoro, if you think about it.
Marina: Fufu, I know, I know.
Misaki: Are you sure...? Okay, if you say so.
Misaki: But still, I was pretty surprised when Kanon-san said she was putting on a street performance. It was like: "Huh? Wait, are you for real?"
Marina: True, it does take a lot of determination to put on a show like that.
Misaki: Absolutely. That's why I figured she must have been serious when she said she wanted to go through with it.
Marina: Oh, I see. In that case, you must have been thrilled when her show went well, then?
Misaki: W-well, it's more like...
Misaki: Maybe "relieved" is a better word...? Seeing her have such a good time performing made me realize that she's the perfect drummer for the band.
Marina: Fufufu. I bet she'd be over the moon if she heard you say that.
Misaki: Th-that's, um, not so easy to tell someone directly...
Marina: Fufu. I suppose not.
Marina: ... Ah. Sorry, I didn't mean to ramble on. You wanted to make a reservation, right?
Misaki: Yes. For sometime next week, please.
Marina: Okay! Hang on, let me see what we've got.
