1017_Misaki Okusawa_R2 Bridge of Words

<Piled Up Feelings>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[During Break]

[CiRCLE Café]

Misaki: Phew, I'm beat. Looks like Kirigaya-san will make it in time.
Misaki: I never thought Sayo-senpai and Kaoru-san would make such a good team, though.
Misaki: Their personalities and ways of thinking are so different that I was a bit worried...
Misaki: Huh? Sayo-senpai...? Wait, she's frowning... I wonder if something happened...
Misaki: And here I was thinking things were going so well... Did something happen while I was gone?
(Black cut)
Sayo: ... Another new use... What could this mean?
Misaki: Uhh... Sayo-senpai? You taking a break here too...?
Sayo: Okusawa-san. Yes, I came to get some fresh air.
Sayo: I am also using this time to make sense of some things.
Misaki: Like what?
Sayo: ... Perhaps you will be able to help me.
Sayo: Okusawa-san, do you have a moment? There is something I would like to ask you.
Misaki: Huh? Ah, sure. I can try.
Sayo: Thank you. Could you take a look at this notebook?
Misaki: A notebook...? Whoa, what is this? It's got fleeting written all over it.
Sayo: I have written down every use of the word fleeting as it has been used by Seta-san during Kirigaya-san's lessons.
Misaki: E-every use? What for...?
Sayo: Fleeting is an abstract concept. Kirigaya-san may misinterpret the term, so I have attempted to categorize each usage.
Misaki: So you're trying to categorize fleeting... I never even thought of that.
Sayo: Seta-san has helped Kirigaya-san's playing improve in ways I had never conceived of.
Sayo: It is as she said... We must question our preconceived notions if we are to improve.
Sayo: If I can maintain an open mind as she does, I believe I will be able to improve my playing further. However...
Misaki: However...?
Sayo: There are more uses for the term than I had expected...
Sayo: Fleeting performance, fleeting sound, fleeting heart... I can understand these uses, but there are many that are beyond me...
Misaki: So that's why you'd like to ask me.
Sayo: Correct. You have experience translating Seta-san's expressions.
Misaki: Well, we have known each other for a while now, so I have a rough idea of what she's trying to say...
Misaki: What usage is giving you trouble?
Sayo: For starters, there is this one... "A phrase which dances betwixt fleetingness and elegance."
Misaki: Ah, that probably means...
(Black cut)
Sayo: I see... I had no idea fleeting had such a meaning.
Sayo: Thank you very much, Okusawa-san. I have moved one step closer to understanding the term.
Misaki: No problem. I'm glad it was something I could actually help you with.
Sayo: Are there meanings that you are also incapable of grasping?
Misaki: You bet. I don't think Kaoru-san herself fully understands the meaning either.
Sayo: What...?
Misaki: In her case, it's generally a vague feeling, so I wouldn't worry about it too much.
Sayo: Th-then writing this all down was...
Misaki: I don't think it was entirely pointless, but...
Sayo: I see... There was this one time I attempted to write down and decipher what Udagawa-san said, but that didn't work either...
Sayo: Going off of feeling is a concept that is difficult for me...
Sayo: Okusawa-san, is it okay if I ask you about Seta-san from now on? I know it will not be easy for me, but I wish to learn.
Misaki: S-sure... I don't mind...
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Misaki: (Sayo-senpai sure is serious~. And that's probably what's gonna make it even harder for her...)


<Two Bridges>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Misaki: Hi, {{userName}}-san.
Misaki: Ah, you're on your break? I just came to relax 'cause I happened to be nearby.
Misaki: I've been pretty busy with helping Kirigaya-san practice.
Misaki: I still can't believe I ended up helping with guitar practice when I don't even play the guitar.
Misaki: It was kinda fun, though. Not to mention, I got to see Sayo-senpai and Kaoru-san teach.
Misaki: They actually worked pretty well as a team, you know.
Misaki: There were differences of opinion, of course... But it was like they were each making up for what the other was lacking.
Misaki: Sayo-senpai's style was intellectual, while Kaoru-san's style was intuitive. It was a good balance.
Misaki: Oh, and I hadn't expected Hanazono-san to be such a good go-between for those two and Kirigaya-san.
Misaki: Whenever Kirigaya-san had trouble with something, Hanazono-san was the one who helped her understand.
Misaki: Maybe she was able to do that because she takes the guitar so seriously, just like Sayo-senpai and Kaoru-san.
Misaki: Ahaha... I didn't do much more than watching over them. I don't know a lot about the guitar... Oh, but...
Misaki: I'm the more rational type, like Sayo-senpai...
Misaki: But Hello, Happy World! has people who rely more on their feelings, like Kaoru-san, Hagumi, and Kokoro, so I can kinda see both sides.
Misaki: That might've allowed me to help out Hanazono-san a bit and make myself at least a little useful.
Misaki: Ah, you have to get back to work? Sorry to keep you...
Misaki: Good luck. I'm gonna enjoy relaxing on my own here a bit more.
Misaki: I'm always busy chasing after Hello, Happy World! anyway. I might as well enjoy this calm while I can.
