1065_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Resigned Witch

Gacha phrase: I don't really believe in that sort of thing...

<Secret Magic>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio]

Kokoro: That was great, everyone! Today was so much fun!
Kanon: Fufu, it was. We still have a little time, so should we start cleaning up?
Hagumi: Alright! Let's do it in a flash!
Misaki: Okay. But before that...
Kaoru: Is something wrong, Misaki?
Misaki: No, it's nothing important. I just couldn't think of a better timing than this...
Misaki: So, everyone, put your hands out. I have a little present for you all.
Kokoro: Is this... a decorative strap? It has a smiley face on it, I love it!
Kanon: This one's a jellyfish! It's cute...
Hagumi: Look, look! Mine's a bat and baseball!
Kaoru: And mine is a rose... Fufu. What a considerate gesture, Misaki.
Misaki: Sorry they're so simple. And this one's mine. It's Michelle.
Hagumi: Whoa! That's perfect! Michelle's winking!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, did you... make all of these by hand?
Misaki: Yeah, um... Actually, I asked the owner of MAHO DO to help me.
Hagumi: What?! I wanna make stuff with you too!
Kaoru: So you were secretly preparing gifts for us. What a cunning act.
Misaki: No, I really just did it on a whim.
Kanon: Fufu... Thank you, Misaki-chan. I'll treasure this.
Hagumi: I'm gonna show it off to everyone~!
Kaoru: Shall I affix it to my bag or display it in my room? That is the question...
Misaki: You don't need to think about it that deeply...
Kanon: Ahaha...
Kokoro: I'm gonna attach it to my pouch!
Kokoro: By the way, Misaki, what kind of magic did you put on this strap?
Misaki: Huh?
Kokoro: Well, if you made it at MAHO DO, it must be magic, right? So tell us!
Misaki: No, I didn't particularly-
Kaoru: It is almost time for us to compose a new song. Perhaps you gave them the magic to assist us in creating the ultimate masterpiece?
Hagumi: I think they're more like "magically good performance" straps.
Misaki: No, like I said, I didn't- Ah~... Well, whatever.
Misaki: I'll leave it up to your imaginations.
Hagumi: That just makes me wanna know even more~!
Kaoru: Do not fret, Hagumi. We can decide on the magic ourselves... Our wishes are Misaki's wishes. It is but that.
Kokoro: I've got it! Mine has the magic to make all the people in the world smile!
Hagumi: What?! Then mine has, um, um...!
Misaki: I just wanted to make everyone something for working so hard... Oh well.
Misaki: Magic... Magic, huh...? Hmm.
Misaki: (Still... what Kaoru-san said was pretty good.)
Misaki: The power to make everyone's wishes come true... Maybe that's overdoing it a little, though. Ahaha.


<Conditions to Dream>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: Oh? It's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello there.
Marina: Misaki-chan! Hello. Are you going somewhere today?
Misaki: No, no, I'm just out for a walk.
Misaki: I just remembered something that happened the other day.
Misaki: Recently, Hello, Happy World! actually helped out at this strange store called MAHO DO.
Marina: A strange store? And you ended up helping out too... What a surprising development.
Misaki: Yes. It was a bit chaotic...
Misaki: Hagumi heard a rumor that a witch had opened a store not too far from here, so we all went to check it out.
Misaki: As usual, Kokoro burst in, and, before I knew it, we were stuck helping out...
Marina: Ahh, I get it now. That kind of occurrence is just the usual for Hello, Happy World!, isn't it?
Misaki: It is... but I feel like I more or less enjoyed it.
Misaki: MAHO DO sells good luck charms, and they apparently all have different effects.
Misaki: Some help you meet new people, while others help you get good grades on tests. There's a lot of variety.
Misaki: So we helped out with making these charms. And I guess we put magic spells on them or whatever.
Marina: Wow...! That's kind of unexpected. I thought you'd be the type to not believe in stuff like that, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Ahaha. That's what the owner of the store said. She called me a dreamless child.
Marina: I-I didn't mean it like that.
Misaki: Ahaha. I get it all the time, so don't worry.
Misaki: I don't care about that at all... Actually, recently, I find I'm okay with it.
Marina: Hm? What do you mean?
Misaki: Ah~... Well, the other members of Hello, Happy World! are a bit much, right?
Misaki: Because of that, they always seem like they're sparkling. But the closer you look, the more you grow used to it.
Misaki: If there was no one on the outside thinking "wow, they're sparkling~," then they wouldn't be so special anymore. People would notice them less and less...
Misaki: So I think I'm fine being on the "dreamless" outer side.
Misaki: ... Wait, what am I even saying? Sorry I went off on a tangent.
Marina: In other words, you want to preserve their sparkle... You want to protect how Hello, Happy World! inspires people to dream, right?
Marina: That is so moving!
Misaki: Ah... It's kind of embarrassing when you put it like that.
Misaki: But thank you.
Misaki: I can't describe how I feel very well, but... I hope I can l keep protecting this feeling.
Misaki: ... Sorry to bring up such a weird topic! Please keep this conversation a secret from the others, as always!
Misaki: Anyway, see you...!
