1118_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Once a Millennium Night

Gacha phrase: ... I really don't get you.

<Misaki’s Feelings>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Kokoro: Mmm~, the ideas just keep coming! Misaki, here I go!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. Just draw them all on the whiteboard as they come to you.
Misaki: After all, it is my job to interpret your vague drawings.
Misaki: Umm, so this is a shooting star, and this is... probably Nicolina-san and the local townsfolk, right? Oh, or is it Kanon-san and the rest of us...?
Kokoro: And then what about this kind of melody?! La~ lala~♪
Misaki: W-wait a second! I'll record it- Huh? Where's my phone?
Hagumi: I found it, Mii-kun! Here you go!
Misaki: Thanks, Hagumi! Go ahead and sing, Kokoro!
Kokoro: La~ lala~♪
Misaki: That part goes before the chorus, right...? Huh, Why are you drawing while singing?! What is that... meant to be?
Kokoro: All done! With this, I'm sure we can make everybody smile!
Misaki: Wait a moment. I'm deciphering it right now. Hmm, I haven't seen a picture like this one before...
Kokoro: Oh? Something's twinkling in the sky! It doesn't look like a star though. I wonder what it is. I'm gonna go check it out!
Misaki: Huh? Go where...?
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron, wait! What about the new song?!
Misaki: Argh, enough! This is just as nonsensical as ever... Whatever, it's time for a break.
Misaki: By the way, this picture is just a bunch of lines. It's starting to look more like modern art...
Misaki: Seriously, think of it from my perspective as the person who has to interpret this.
Hagumi: But you look kinda happy, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Huh? I do...? I think it's just your imagination...
Hagumi: No, it's not. Mii-kun, you were smiling while looking at Kokoron's drawings!
Hagumi: It was absolutely, positively not my imagination!
Misaki: Well, what am I supposed to say to that...?
Misaki: Anyway, I guess I am a bit relieved. I thought we'd never be able to make songs like this again.
Hagumi: ...? What do you mean?
Misaki: If Kokoro stayed in Happinelle, we wouldn't be able to casually make songs like this anymore, would we?
Misaki: Even if Kokoro thought of a good idea, she wouldn't be able to tell us since we wouldn't be right there by her side.
Misaki: She could look at something and want to write a song about it, but we might not be able to understand her since we wouldn't have seen the same sight.
Misaki: I thought that might make us unable to make our usual Hello, Happy World! songs.
Hagumi: N-no! I don't want that to happen!
Misaki: Calm down. I'm speaking figuratively, as if Kokoro had stayed in Happinelle.
Misaki: But if that had happened... life might feel a bit empty compared to the days we've spent together up until now.
Hagumi: Mii-kun...
Misaki: Kokoro's ideas are always ridiculous, and you can't always understand what she's trying to say, right?
Hagumi: You can't? I usually get her.
Misaki: That's probably because you two are cut from the same cloth. But normally, people don't understand her.
Misaki: Anyhow, with song-writing and such, I never understand Kokoro's drawings at first.
Misaki: But the longer I look at them, the more I begin to understand them...
Misaki: Like one drawing will be saying, "I want Kaoru-san to play it like this," and another might be, "I wanna put a spotlight on Kanon-san here."
Misaki: And just like that, the ideas come from Kokoro and get conveyed to us...
Misaki: I don't exactly hate that feeling.
Hagumi: Ehehe...
Misaki: Hm? Hagumi, what's wrong?
Hagumi: I was just thinking about how much you must love Hello, Happy World!, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Huh? I didn't say anything like that at all...
Hagumi: But I heard 'em! Your true feelings!
Hagumi: I love Hello, Happy World! too, so we're the same!
Misaki: Argh, enough of this conversation! We don't have much time before the Millenary Festival, so we need to quickly finish the new song!
Misaki: Anyhow, I guess I'll start by interpreting this huge picture here on the whiteboard. It looks somewhat important...
Misaki: Hagumi, could you go and get Kokoro for me?
Hagumi: Okay, I'll be back!


<Our Daily Lives>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Misaki: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Doing some shopping?
Marina: Yeah, we're on a quick errand for the owner. Are you on your way home from school, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yes. I don't have any club activities today, so I thought I'd go home early.
Marina: You did just play at an overseas festival the other day. It might be best if you take it easy for a while.
Misaki: Exactly. It was a bit stressful with everything with Kokoro too...
Marina: You mean how she said she was going to stay in Happinelle?
Misaki: Yeah, that's it. So you heard about that?
Misaki: Honestly, out of everything Kokoro has ever said, I had trouble understanding that the most.
Marina: Y-yeah. There aren't a lot of people who think like her... I can understand why you got mad and tried to stop her.
Misaki: Huh? You even heard about that? Ah, but no, I wasn't mad, I just-
Misaki: You know how we're always going along with Kokoro's ideas?
Misaki: Despite all that, she suddenly told us she wouldn't be lonely without us. I just... couldn't understand that.
Marina: Of course not, you've been friends for so long.
Misaki: W-well, yeah. We've been through a lot since I joined Hello, Happy World!, but...
Misaki: The time we spent together hasn't been that bad.
Misaki: And to think that even I, who's always complaining, would be lonely, but Kokoro wouldn't...? I kinda lost it.
Misaki: But when I actually asked for her side of the story, it seemed like Kokoro had always thought of Hello, Happy World! as special.
Misaki: And that she wasn't okay at all with leaving us.
Marina: Huh? Then why did she say that she would stay...?
Misaki: I don't think Kokoro understood what "special" meant.
Misaki: To her, the whole world is special, and she'd never thought of anything as not being special.
Marina: The whole world...? Kokoro-chan always thinks on such a large scale~.
Misaki: When I heard that, I felt quite disappointed. Like, why didn't she understand...?
Misaki: But I guess it was silly of me to expect common sense from Kokoro.
Marina: She's such a free spirit, after all.
Misaki: Ah, but anyway, this whole incident was just the result of Kokoro rushing ahead to help someone smile.
Misaki: It's just that we didn't quite agree with how she did it this time.
Misaki: But in the end, it seems she understood how we felt, so it's fine now.
Marina: I see. I'm glad everything's back to normal then.
Misaki: I hope Kokoro will reflect on her actions this time... But she probably won't. I'm sure she's going to keep on doing crazy things.
Misaki: And I think we'll just keep being pulled around by her.
Misaki: But that's just our lifestyle, I guess... Anyway, yeah, I'm glad we were able to protect this.
Marina: I'm looking forward to seeing what you guys do next!
Misaki: ... Well, I'm sure we'll be as rowdy as usual. Anyhow, I should get going. See you later.
Marina: Yeah, see you!
