1200_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Like the Fleeing Hare!

Gacha phrase: Hagumi, shush!

<Embarrassing Present>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Hallway]

Misaki: Hm, I was able to finish this... But...
Kanon: Misaki-chan, what's wrong?
Misaki: Agh!
Kanon: Ah, I-I'm sorry I called out to you without warning...!
Misaki: It's you, Kanon-san~... No, I'm sorry I yelled like that. Are you changing classrooms?
Kanon: Yeah... Oh, that package you have is really cute. Is it a present for someone?
Misaki: It's not really a present... But I was thinking of giving it to Hagumi.
Misaki: Here's what's inside...
Kanon: Wow, it's a triceratops toy! It's so big and cute.
Kanon: It's made of felt... Did you make this, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Ahh, well... Yeah.
Misaki: Hasn't Hagumi seemed a little sad since she said goodbye to the egg? I thought that might be different if she had a toy with her.
Misaki: But...
Kanon: ...? What is it?
Misaki: I made this in the spur of the moment, so I was wondering if she would actually like it...
Misaki: It got bigger than I was planning it to be.
Kanon: I think Hagumi-chan will love it. You worked hard on it, after all.
Misaki: Y-you think so...?
Kanon: Yeah, it'll definitely be fine! So why don't we redo the ribbon on the wrapping?
Misaki: ... Okay. If you say so...
Misaki: All right, that should do it...
Hagumi: Ah! It's Mii-kun and Kano-chan-senpai!
Misaki: H-Hagumi?!
Hagumi: What were the two of you talking about? Let me join too~!
Misaki: Oh, we weren't actually talking about anything important...!
Kanon: Misaki-chan.
Misaki: ...
Hagumi: ...? Mii-kun, what's wrong?
Misaki: U-umm... Here, you can have this, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Huh, really?! The wrapping is so pretty...! Hey, can I open it?!
Misaki: Go ahead. I don't know if you'll like it though.
Hagumi: I wonder what it is~...
Hagumi: Whoa! It's a triceratops toy!
Hagumi: It's cute! Really cute! And it's the same size as the baby triceratops we saw at the museum!
Kanon: Fufu, it really is.
Misaki: I-I didn't really intend to make it that way...
Hagumi: Huh? Did you make this, Mii-kun? Wow! Thank you!
Misaki: You're welcome.
Hagumi: ... Huh? But it's not my birthday today.
Hagumi: Is it okay for me to accept a wonderful present like this on a normal day?
Misaki: It's not really a present or anything like that.
Misaki: You know how you gave the egg back to Ryuseido? You had it with you every day and even took care of it, but you lost it so suddenly...
Misaki: So, y'know, I thought you might need something to fill the void.
Hagumi: Mii-kun...!
Misaki: Well... This might not be a good substitute for that egg though.
Hagumi: That's not true. I'm really, really happy!
Hagumi: I can feel a lot of your kindness coming from this stuffed toy!
Hagumi: Thank you, Mii-kun! I'll treasure this little one!
Misaki: Whoa! Don't jump on me suddenly!
Hagumi: But I'm just so happy!
Misaki: Well, if you liked it this much, I guess it was worth making it.
Kanon: Isn't that great, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: ... Yeah.
Hagumi: Ehehe~, this little one really is just so cute!
Kanon: You're right. It's like something you'd find in a store.
Misaki: You're exaggerating, Kanon-san.
Hagumi: Hey! I should show this to everyone in class!
Misaki: Huh?! No, wait a second. That'll be embarrassing!
Hagumi: Hey~, check it out, everyone~! Mii-kun made this for me!
Misaki: Oh, come on, Hagumi! I told you to wait!


<A Felt Kindness>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: All we need to do now is put the flyers in the café. Huh? That's Misaki-chan over there, isn't it?
Marina: It looks like she's making something... Hey~, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: ... Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi there. Hello, Happy World! has practice today, don't you?
Misaki: Yes, we do. But I got here a little too early... So I figured I would make a figurine while I was waiting. I'm pretty fond of doing stuff like this with needle felting.
Marina: How nice. What are you planning on making?
Misaki: A triceratops. As in the dinosaur.
Marina: So you can even make dinosaurs. You're amazing, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Th-that's not true... but thank you very much.
Marina: I have to say though, a dinosaur felt toy seems a bit rare. Is it a present for someone?
Misaki: Actually... I'm thinking of giving it to Hagumi.
Marina: Oh really?
Misaki: Yes... She's seemed kind of lonely recently.
Misaki: You might not believe this... but she mistook a kitchen timer for a dinosaur egg and was keeping it warm.
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from her. She took it to school with her and was taking good care of it, right?
Misaki: That's right. She said it was a fun memory for her, but it seems like she hasn't completely gotten past it...
Misaki: Things would've been fine if I had been able to clear up the misunderstanding sooner. But, like always, she wouldn't really listen to what I told her, and things got pretty complicated.
Marina: I see... If she thought it was a dinosaur egg the whole time and was warming it, was she really shocked when she learned the truth?
Misaki: The thing is... The moment she learned the truth, she was completely fine.
Marina: Huh? Really?
Misaki: Yes. She learned it wasn't a dinosaur egg because the kitchen timer's batteries were running out.
Misaki: She worried that the sound of the timer growing quieter was the egg getting weaker.
Misaki: But when she found out that it was a misunderstanding... do you know what she said?
Marina: Hm, if she wasn't shocked... I'm not sure.
Misaki: She said she was relieved it wasn't because the egg had grown weak.
Misaki: I was unexpectedly amazed... At the very least, if it had been me, that wouldn't have been the first thing I said.
Marina: That'd probably be the same for me... Hagumi-chan is really kind.
Misaki: Yes... Well, you could also say she's odd.
Marina: But I think you're just as kind as Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: Huh? I am?
Marina: I mean, you're making that toy to cheer up Hagumi-chan, aren't you?
Misaki: Y-yeah, well, you know... Things feel off when she's not energetic.
Marina: Fufu, you really are so very kind, Misaki-chan. I hope Hagumi-chan likes your present.
Misaki: Ahaha... I'll do what I can.
Marina: Okay, we're rooting for you!
Marina: Now then, we'll be getting back to work. See you later~.
Misaki: Yeah, I'll see you when we have practice.
