1304_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Status: Still Fabric

<The Brake Alliance>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: Okusawa-san, great job at the Halloween event the other day.
Misaki: Oh, were you at the show? Thanks for the encouragement. It makes it all worth it.
Arisa: O-Tae and Kasumi were freaking out about going. Still, I must admit every performance exceeded my wildest expectations.
Arisa: Ah, including Hello, Happy World!'s opening act, of course! How should I put this? It was the kind of show I'd expect from you guys.
Arisa: You went full throttle right from the beginning. I mean, you fired on all cylinders... Anyway, the crowd was really charged up.
Misaki: Thanks. I guess that's kind of our specialty.
Arisa: Man, it was awesome... A circus stage must feel pretty different from a regular stage, right? Was it hard to adjust?
Misaki: You could say that. The concert itself was a bit different from usual, but it was actually the lead-up to the show that was stressful...
Arisa: Ahaha... I bet the circus would send Tsurumaki-san and the others into a frenzy.
Misaki: Well, actually... This time it was me who got us into hot water.
Arisa: Huh? Really? That's hard to imagine...
Misaki: We decided to try making our own costumes, but I went ahead without properly checking everyone's sizes...
Misaki: On the day of the show, we realized Kaoru-san's measurements were wrong, and she probably couldn't wear it.
Misaki: So we were stuck figuring out what to do. In the end, Kanon-san managed to take care of the problem for us.
Arisa: That does sound stressful...
Arisa: We make our outfits too, but it doesn't always go smoothly, so I know how it feels...
Arisa: Still, it's a good thing it all worked out in the end.
Misaki: Hmm, yeah, eventually. Nonetheless, I'm doing some serious reflecting.
Misaki: I'm worried I dumped the problem onto Kanon-san to fix...
Misaki: She had her hands full with the giant Michelle costume I requested, so it was on me to support her properly. I could've confirmed our sizes and done more...
Misaki: I've gotta be careful so we don't have blunders like that again.
Arisa: I see~... Hmm, but...
Misaki: Huh? What? Did I say something weird?
Arisa: Well, properly reflecting on stuff is very much like you, Okusawa-san. However... I don't think it's on you to shoulder all the responsibility.
Misaki: Huh...? Y-you think so?
Arisa: Poppin'Party has its fair share of problems, so I kinda get how you feel.
Arisa: Sometimes, I think we could've avoided sticky situations if I'd just done a better job.
Arisa: But when troubles arise, our members come together to face them...
Arisa: We get through it because we have each other... Ah, you better not tell the others I said that!
Misaki: Together...
Arisa: Yeah. That's why I don't think you need to carry this alone, Okusawa-san.
Arisa: Our bands are similar in that way. Although, I think Kasumi relies on everyone a little too much.
Misaki: Ahaha. Our three dummies don't think too far ahead either. It makes me anxious at times.
Arisa: In our case, O-Tae will jump on board, and if Saya and Rimi follow suit, then it's out of my hands.
Misaki: I feel you... When those guys are in cahoots, they don't just add up, they multiply...
Misaki: That being said... I do feel less tense lately. Kokoro and the others are optimistic about any problems that come up.
Misaki: I was feeling guilty about the mistake... But maybe it's not good to be too down about it.
Arisa: Exactly! Being gloomy doesn't achieve anything! This stuff always works out in the end!
Misaki: Ahaha, I guess you're right. It may be hectic, but it all works out somehow. Not to mention, we have Kanon-san on our side.
Misaki: When we're in a jam, she tackles it head-on. When I see her giving it her all... it gives me the motivation to do my best too.
Misaki: Maybe the reason we've triumphed so far is that my Hello, Happy World! bandmates are those kind of people.
Misaki: Hm. I guess it wouldn't hurt to follow their example every now and then. I'm talking once in a blue moon here, except for in Kanon-san's case.
Arisa: That's one way of looking at it... But I think your practical point of view is really important as well, Okusawa-san.
Misaki: Huh? Really?
Arisa: Definitely. If everyone's going full throttle, you need someone to act as the brakes.
Arisa: People like me and you.
Misaki: Ahaha, that's true. If I let Kokoro and the others run wild, it'll end in mayhem.
Arisa: Yeah, without a doubt. So let's keep working hard in our own way.
Misaki: Okay. We'll remember to pump the brakes, just like we're supposed to do.
Arisa: Yep. The Break Alliance must stand its ground.


<I’ll Just Keep Being Myself>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Misaki: Kanon-san is... not here yet, huh? Guess I arrived a little too early.
Marina: Hello, Misaki-chan. You've booked the next timeslot, right?
Misaki: Ah, hello, Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. Kanon-san will show up soon. Is it okay if I wait for her here?
Marina: Of course. You've still got a bit of time, so don't worry.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me. We went to see the Halloween event the other day! Your circus performance was lovely.
Misaki: Oh, you did? Gee, thank you.
Misaki: Thanks to everyone's support, the event was a great success. As usual, it was a little hectic at first, but thankfully it came together in the end.
Marina: Uh-huh. The guests near us were talking about it. Apparently, they came to the show because they saw Hello, Happy World! handing out flyers.
Misaki: Really? It feels pretty nice to hear that.
Misaki: ... Kanon-san and I actually made the costumes we wore for that performance.
Marina: Is that so? I thought they were beautiful and perfectly fit the circus vibe.
Misaki: Well, we don't usually make our own clothes, so we ran into some trouble... On the day of the event, we realized the sizing was off on one costume...
Misaki: But Kanon-san took care of the problem all by herself. She said she wanted to see it through to the end...
Marina: Whoa...! Kanon-chan really gave it her all.
Misaki: Yes. It really reminded me what a strong person Kanon-san is.
Misaki: However, I couldn't help but worry whether she could handle it... But my concern wasn't necessary at all.
Misaki: Looking back on it, maybe I was rude to Kanon-san for worrying when I didn't need to.
Marina: ... No, I don't think you were impolite. After all, worrying about someone means they're important to you.
Marina: I appreciate it when someone believes in me enough not to worry. But it's just as nice when someone cares about and shows concern for me.
Misaki: Marina-san... Thank you.
Misaki: I worry about my friends and support them if they stumble... And when it turns out they're fine, I grin with embarrassment for worrying too much...
Misaki: Maybe that's just how I am.
Marina: Yes, exactly. I think you should just continue being yourself, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Yeah, I will.
Misaki: ... Ah, Kanon-san is outside... Wait, I think she's lost. CiRCLE is right in front of her though...
Marina: You're right. Well, we'd better end our chit-chat.
Misaki: Yeah. I'll go fetch her.
Misaki: Thanks for listening to my story. I'll do my best at practice.
Marina: No worries! Please let me know when you decide on your next show.
