1309_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: So... How is it? You sure it's not too weird?

<Bear Outside, Bear at Home>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Happy birthday, Misaki!
Misaki: Haha... Thanks. Despite what I might say, having you all celebrate my birthday every year makes me pretty happy.
Hagumi: Mii-kun, here's a birthday present from all of us!
Misaki: Is this... bear-themed loungewear?
Kokoro: Yes, it sure is! We thought it would look fantabulous on you, so that's what we chose!
Hagumi: I kinda get the feeling that animal onesies like that would look really good on you~!
Kaoru: Ahh, the thought of you wearing that loungewear is so endearing, it's wrenching my soul...
Misaki: Seriously...? I already wear a costume on a routine basis, and now I have to wear one at home...?
Kanon: Ahaha... But Misaki-chan, I do think it will really suit you.
Misaki: ... Well, it does look kind of comfortable, so I'll definitely use it.
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! Hurry and try it on!
Misaki: Huh? Right now? Right here? But this is meant to be worn when I'm relaxing in my own room, right?
Kokoro: What silly billy decided that? You should wear it wherever and whenever you want!
Hagumi: That's right, Mii-kun! All of us were really excited for you to wear it!
Kaoru: Come now, there is no need to be shy. Please do grace us with your endearing countenance.
Misaki: ... Well, if you all insist... Okay then, wait a minute while I go change...
Misaki: I'm back. I went ahead and tried it on... but... how does it look? It's weird, right?
Hagumi: It doesn't look weird at all! It looks great on you! Okay, now I'll get a cute picture of you! Smile, smile~! Now say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Loungewear of Smiles>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Misaki: Well then, where should we head next?
Rimi: Ah, would it be okay if I went to buy a film magazine? I heard there is one that has an interview with one of my favorite directors.
Misaki: Okay. Let's head to the bookstore then... Ah.
Rimi: What are you looking at, Misaki-chan? Ah, is it that loungewear onesie?
Misaki: Y-yeah... Actually, I got a bear-themed onesie from everyone in Hello, Happy World! for my birthday the other day.
Misaki: It looks pretty much like those ones over there, so I couldn't help but look.
Rimi: Fufu, I see. They're so cute, and they look like they'd be nice and warm for when it gets colder soon.
Misaki: Yeah, my one is definitely warm, and it's even more comfortable than I originally thought. But, y'know, dressing up as a bear at home feels... a little weird.
Misaki: Ah, I'm not saying I don't like it or anything like that.
Rimi: Fufu, it's okay. I can tell how happy it makes you.
Misaki: Huh? Yeah, well... the others went to the effort to get it for me, and it seemed like they came up with a lot to surprise me...
Misaki: Not to mention, everyone looked so happy when I thanked them for it and showed them how it fits...
Misaki: I'm grateful for the actual present, but, how do I put this...? It's like, I can't get the sight of everyone's happy faces out of my head...
Rimi: Then I bet whenever you're wearing that loungewear you can picture all of them smiling.
Misaki: Well... I guess I can...
Rimi: Fufu, that's so wonderful! Just hearing that makes me feel nice and warm.
Misaki: Ah~, let's talk about something else now!
Misaki: ... M-more importantly, you wanted to look at magazines, right? The bookstore's over there, so let's hurry over.
Rimi: Fufufu, right. Let's go.
