1394_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Full Moon Shadow

Gacha phrase: How easily you have fallen for my trap!

<In a Movie>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Misaki Okusawa)

[Film Rental Store]

Misaki: ... Action or crime fiction? It could be either, but I think I'll start with action...
Misaki: Whoa... This is a lot more than I expected. Guess it's a popular genre. Now, what was that title Kokoro and Hagumi mentioned...?
Misaki: Meh, I just need a rough idea. Worst case, I can grab any old movie about a phantom thief...
Rimi: Hi, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Huh? Ah, Rimi. Didn't expect to see you here.
Misaki: Are you also here to borrow movies?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. There was a horror film that people were talking about a while back, and it's finally available for rent.
Misaki: You sure love your horror flicks...
Rimi: Fufu, absolutely. By the way, you said also. Does this mean you're after some movies too?
Misaki: Uh, yeah... Kinda. I'm looking for this one about a phantom thief...
Rimi: A phantom thief? I had no idea that's what you're into.
Misaki: Well, I'm not. It's Kokoro and Hagumi.
Rimi: ...?
Misaki: ... Uh~... I guess I can tell you about it.
Misaki: There's this movie they saw where a detective and phantom thief go against each other, and they liked it so much that they want to be detectives.
Rimi: Fufu, I see. That does sound like them.
Misaki: So Kaoru-san wants to let them pretend to be detectives, and she's going to be disguising herself as the Happy Phantom Thief so that they can chase her.
Misaki: But for whatever reason, she's dragged me into this as her assistant.
Rimi: Really? Does this mean you're going to be a phantom thief too?
Misaki: Nope, I'm just going to help out in the background. But I figure I should at least try to have an idea of what to expect.
Rimi: Oh, so that's why you're here... Fufu. Trying to create the movie experience in real life is probably a lot of work, but it does sound sort of fun.
Misaki: When you put it that way, I guess it could be alright. Since you love horror films, have you ever wished you could experience them?
Rimi: Mm-hmm, I would if I had the chance.
Rimi: Ah, but I'd probably prefer knowing I'm in a movie.
Rimi: It would be too scary if I thought it was real... Like that time with the prank...
Misaki: Oh~... Yeah... The shopping mall...
Rimi: Exactly. It was really fun overall, but only once it was over. Not knowing what was going to happen was a bit too scary.
Rimi: And since cliches are such a big part of horror movies, knowing I'm in one would probably make it more enjoyable.
Rimi: Being able to guess what might happen would let me act accordingly, too. I'd even be able to protect you!
Misaki: Ahaha, you are the resident expert... But if it's a horror film, think I'll pass.
Rimi: What kind of movie would you like to experience then?
Misaki: Hmm, I'd say... fantasy.
Misaki: Something non-violent with warm and fuzzy vibes and lots of cute characters that could pass for mascots.
Rimi: Oh~, that does sound nice...! There could even be houses made out of cookies and chocolate!
Misaki: That's exactly the kind of peaceful stuff I'm talking about... I honestly think a setting like this would suit you better.
Rimi: Hm? What do you mean?
Misaki: You're, like, cute and stuff, so I figure you'd fit better in a cutesy fantasy world than, you know...
Rimi: Wh-what...?! Y-you really, um, think so...?
Misaki: Yeah. Totally.
Rimi: But you're cute! So I think it suits you more!
Misaki: Huh? No way.
Rimi: Yes way...! I can easily imagine you living in a house made out of snacks and being friends with the woodland animals!
Misaki: Animals...? You mean like bears?
Rimi: And you'd all play music together and every day would be nice and peaceful...! What do you think?
Misaki: Ahaha, and I'd be the DJ, right? But yeah, I like it. Even just imagining it gives me comfort.
Misaki: ... No DJing for me, though. I have to be a phantom thief.
Rimi: Ah, right. I'm sorry for getting you so side-tracked.
Rimi: Phantom thief movie, was it? Let me help you look.
Misaki: Thanks. Uh, I think the one Kokoro and Hagumi saw was...
(Black cut)
Misaki: Great. Watching this should be enough to help me prepare. Thanks for giving me a hand.
Rimi: You don't need to thank me. I enjoyed seeing what's on the shelves for genres I don't usually go for.
Misaki: Ahaha, I see.
Rimi: Oh, something crossed my mind while I was looking at all those movie cases... A musical movie might be nice too.
Misaki: A musical movie? Ah, is this another suggestion for stuff to include in the real-life movie experience we were talking about earlier?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. Putting your feelings into your music would give you a way to express things you'd normally have trouble saying.
Rimi: Also... It just seems like it could be a lot of fun. Fufu.
Misaki: Oh. But well, I already know someone in real life who always behaves like a character straight out of a musical movie.
Misaki: There's never any peace when they're around because they're so boisterous... But just like you said, they do always seem to be having fun.


<To Share That Feeling>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Misaki: ... Fufu, I can't believe this...
Marina: Hi, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Whoa, Marina-san. Hi. Sorry, I didn't notice you.
Marina: It's alright. You seem to be enjoying yourself. What are you up to?
Misaki: Well, I've been giving this song a listen. It's the new Hello, Happy World! song I worked on with Kokoro.
Marina: Your new song, huh? So, what's it like?
Misaki: Hmm~... It's sort of difficult to put into words...
Marina: ...?
Misaki: Ah, sorry. I can't explain off the top of my head... It really is something, though... Haha.
Misaki: So, a little while back, Kaoru-san became a phantom thief for Kokoro and Hagumi. And we all went to this castle... Wait, this doesn't make any sense, does it?
Marina: Oh, are you talking about the Happy Phantom Thief?
Misaki: Huh? How do you know about that?
Marina: I heard about it from Kaoru-san. She said you helped her out with her phantom thief role.
Marina: Don't worry, she asked me not to tell the others.
Misaki: She always does a good job. This makes things a lot easier. You see, Kokoro wanted to make this song because of what happened with the Happy Thief...
Misaki: And after listening to it again... I've come to realize it's practically the Happy Thief's theme song.
Marina: Their theme song...?
Misaki: Yes. I know Kokoro had a really great time, but I didn't think she'd be this in love with the Happy Thief.
Marina: I see... Say, is there any chance you could let me listen to this new song of yours?
Misaki: Sure, here you go. Listening will probably make it a lot clearer.
Marina: Thanks. Hope you don't mind me using your earphones.
Marina: ... It's a very joyful song, alright. Just listening to it fills me with excitement.
Marina: It's making me want to meet the Happy Thief... Yeah, this is definitely an uplifting song.
Misaki: I-it is...? It's kind of a relief to hear that from you.
Marina: Fufu, you've got nothing to worry about...Kokoro-chan must've had an absolute blast.
Marina: Sharing that feeling with more people is probably the reason she made this song.
Misaki: Well... I guess all that work me and Kaoru-san did was maybe kinda worth it.
Marina: Yeah...! Fufu, you've got yourself such a fun new song that the Happy Thief might get drawn to it and reappear.
Marina: And if that happens, I hope I also get to meet her.
Misaki: You might want to be careful what you wish for... It might, no... it will be eventful for sure.
