1400_Misaki Okusawa_R3 With a Flower-like Smile

<To Meet Expectations>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Misaki: Oh boy, tomorrow's the day~. Am I really going to be able to make a chocolate roll cake...?
Misaki: I still can't believe I'm going to be baking something... I hope Kokoro and the others don't freak out.
Hagumi: Ah! Mii-kun!
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi. How's it going?
Hagumi: Are you heading home now?
Misaki: Yeah.
Hagumi: I'm on my way to softball practice, so let's go together part of the way!
Misaki: All right, sure.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: Hehe~♪ I'm gonna practice super hard like always~♪
Misaki: You're awfully cheerful. Something good happen?
Hagumi: Yeah! It's almost Valentine's Day!
Hagumi: We're gonna exchange chocolates at Kokoron's place, right? I can't wait to see what everyone's going to bring~!
Misaki: Ah~... Yeah, right~...
Misaki: Say, have you decided what you're gonna go with?
Hagumi: Yup! I'm making chocolate croquettes this year!
Misaki: Chocolate croquettes?
Hagumi: I'm gonna try stuffing Daddy's croquettes full of chocolate! I bet putting two yummy things together will make something even yummier!
Misaki: Er~... I dunno about that.
Hagumi: Huh? Why?
Misaki: You know, some things are best eaten separately. It might be safer to not try to combine them.
Hagumi: Really~? But putting together sweet and salty actually works pretty nice.
Misaki: Well~, you're not wrong... I'm just saying maybe you should taste first before giving.
Hagumi: Okay! I'll do that! So, what kind of chocolate stuff are you bringing?
Misaki: M-me? Uh~, the usual. I'll prepare something, yeah.
Hagumi: All right! Hehe, I can't wait to try whatever it ends up being~♪
Misaki: ...
Misaki: ... Hey.
Hagumi: ...? Hm?
Misaki: So, uh, just to be absolutely clear, this is going to be a what-if, okay? How weird would it be if I... brought, say, something homemade...?
Hagumi: Really?! You're planning to do it yourself?!
Hagumi: Wow~! Yay~! I get to eat something made by you~!
Misaki: Wh-whoa! I said it's a what-if! I didn't say I'd do it!
Hagumi: Yippee~! I bet Kokoron, and Kaoru-kun, and Kano-chan-senpai are all gonna be so happy! Oh, and Michelle's going to be super happy too!
Misaki: Er, I dunno about Michelle...
Hagumi: Let me text everyone now! Let's see... "Mii-kun's making something homemade for Valentine's Day!"
Misaki: ...?! S-slow down there, will you?!
Hagumi: ....? What's wrong?
Misaki: Um, now isn't really the best time... You know, it is supposed to be a what-if-
Hagumi: Ah, I get it~! You want to surprise everyone!
Misaki: Uh, what?
Hagumi: You're trying to surprise everyone with what you make, right?
Hagumi: And if I tell everyone before you can give it, it won't be a surprise anymore!
Hagumi: I get it! Don't worry! Your secret's super safe with me! It'll be our special secret until Valentine's Day!
Misaki: Uh, no, that's not what I...! Great~, how did she get that idea~...?
Hagumi: I can't wait to eat it♪ I'll try hard not to tell anyone, okay?
Misaki: Wait, no...
Hagumi: Oh, I have to go this way! See ya~! Bye~!
Misaki: Ah~... And she's gone...
Misaki: Wonderful... She didn't listen to a word I said...
Misaki: ... Well, she is looking forward to it pretty hard. Looks like I'm going to have to put in at least some effort then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Since I Got to See Those Smiles>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Marina: That should do it for the shopping. Let's head back to the store, shall we?
Misaki: Ah, Marina-san. {{userName}}. Hello.
Marina: Hi, Misaki-chan. On your way somewhere?
Misaki: Yes, I'm heading to Hazawa Coffee to thank Sayo-senpai and Hazawa-san.
Marina: Thank...? Ah, is it for the roll cake baking session Tsugumi-chan mentioned?
Misaki: It is. I wasn't sure it was my kind of thing, but Sayo-senpai and Toyama-san said I should...
Misaki: And since Hagumi got her hopes up a lot, I figured I should show up to make something homemade for her and the rest of the band.
Marina: I see. So, how'd it go? Did they like it?
Misaki: Well, sort of... A lot more than expected, in fact.
Misaki: Hagumi's eyes were all sparkly, and Kanon-san told me it was fabulous.
Misaki: As for Kaoru-san, she said, "This euphoria, I shall return to you a thousandfold through verse," then she started scribbling something on the spot...
Misaki: And Kokoro was all like, "We have to share how yummy this roll cake is with the rest of the world!"
Marina: Fufu, I can easily see them all doing that.
Misaki: Seriously, they were totally overreacting...
Marina: But if everyone was that happy, it sounds like it was a success. I'm glad all the work you put in to make the roll cake paid off.
Misaki: Well... I did get to see them smile a lot... so I guess going through all that trouble wasn't half bad.
Marina: That's the spirit. And once you tell Sayo-chan and Tsugumi-chan how happy everyone was, I'm sure they'll be happy too.
Misaki: Yes, they were really kind and thorough, so I definitely owe them a proper thank you.
Misaki: Whenever I got stuck, Sayo-senpai noticed immediately and helped me. And Hazawa-san gave me a lot of praise.
Misaki: Thanks to them, I was able to get the procedure down while also enjoying it all.
Marina: Those two do seem like the types to devote themselves fully to teaching somebody something.
Misaki: Yes. And they also make a pretty mean duo...
Misaki: Whenever one of them needed a cooking utensil, the other would bring it as if on cue. To me, that seems only possible when you know each other crazy well.
Misaki: It's like... you could tell how much they respect each other.
Marina: Fufu, they seem to have a great relationship.
Misaki: Yes... Ah, sorry. I didn't realize I'd been going on for so long.
Marina: No problem, I enjoyed hearing about it all. I'd love to hear more when you have the time.
Misaki: Thank you. All right, I should go now.
Marina: Okay, take care!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
