1464_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Wow! Whoa! Ring!

Gacha phrase: Well... I can't exactly deny that.

<An Endless Parade>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Hngh! We got to see a mountain of smiles again today! It's fun to be on the Smile Patrol!
Misaki: That's all well and good... But don't forget we're here today to buy paint for the sign.
Kanon: Fufu. We were able to promote the event though, so I think it worked out in the end.
Hagumi: Exactly! The softball team said they'd come and watch too!
Kaoru: Not to mention, the little kittens whose faces lit up today will beam once again upon witnessing our concert. The Smile Patrol fed two mouths with one morsel.
Misaki: What are you talking about...? Sigh, at this rate, we won't finish our shopping until after dark.
Misaki: Hey, the official CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! poster is up next to the poster we made a while back.
Kanon: Yes. Even after the official poster was released, the people downtown have kept ours up.
Misaki: Cool~. Although, when you see them side by side like this... they look like posters for totally different events.
Kanon: Ahaha... Well, the more eye-catching things there are, the more fun it is to look at them.
Hagumi: Plus, the folks downtown all said our poster was out of this world. They're gonna come support us at the event!
Kokoro: Wow! That's super exciting!
Kokoro: That means we've gotta come up with an idea that'll give people even bigger smiles!
Hagumi: Yeahhh! I'll help!
Kaoru: In that case, allow me to propose a fleeting idea that will astonish everybody.
Misaki: Uh-oh, I've got a bad feeling about this...
Hagumi: It's not every day all thirty-five of us perform together. We might as well do something we can only do as a group!
Kaoru: Well then, what say you to a musical? Thirty-five actors singing and dancing onstage... Ahh, how fleeting!
Kokoro: That sounds amazing! Let's do it!
Misaki: You're way off now. We're going there to perform a concert not a musical.
Kokoro: Ah, then how about this? Michelle enters the venue in a giant hot air balloon!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Ooh!
Kokoro: And then she can skydive down and land in the middle of the stage!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Whoaaa!
Misaki: You guys expect way too much of Michelle.
Kanon: Fufu. It would be fun to do something like that sometim-... Huh?!
Kanon: Fue, Misaki-chan! Look at the time...!
Misaki: Huh? Oh, no! The shop is gonna close if we don't get a move on!
Kokoro: I almost forgot! We're here to buy paint!
Misaki: Geez, even I forgot why we came here in the first place...! Step on it, guys...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hour Later]

Kanon: It's getting quite late. Should we continue this tomorrow?
Kokoro: At least we got to buy some super-cool paints! Look at all of these!
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro, stop waving the paint around.
Kanon: Wow, look, everyone. The stars are really bright tonight.
Misaki: Ah, you're right...
Misaki: That reminds me, we've looked up at the night sky in lots of different places...
Kanon: Yes. I'll always remember the great meteor shower we saw in Happinelle.
Misaki: You too, huh, Kanon-san? And I'll never forget the stars we saw at Grandma's house.
Kanon: I'd love to go to there again someday, Misaki-chan. Oh! And we also watched fireworks together, didn't we? We've had such fun times~.
Misaki: Yeah. I guess they're all pretty important memories... I bet looking up at the sky like this today will become a nice memory too...
Misaki: ... I think when the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! is over, I'll feel kinda empty.
Kanon: Yes, I always feel a little sad when a big event ends.
Kokoro: Oh? Why do you both have such cloudy expressions?
Kokoro: There's lots and lots more "fun" in the world, even after the event!
Kokoro: Fun stuff has no limit!
Hagumi: K-Kokoron, you're amazing! That's so true! Fun stuff is limitless!
Kaoru: Not to mention... fleetingness... has no limit either.
Kanon: Fufu, good point. I agree.
Misaki: Haha... Fun stuff... has no limit, huh? Yeah, life's never boring with you guys.
Hagumi: Hey, guys! Let's go back to my place and eat croquettes together! Dad will fry us up a fresh batch!
Kokoro: Okay! Then let's race to Hagumi's house!
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems we've chanced upon something fun already.
Hagumi: Perfect! Let's see who gets there first! On your mark~, get set, go!
Kanon: Fufufu, come on, Misaki-chan, hurry! We all have to race.
Misaki: You're in on this too, Kanon-san?! Geez, I guess I have no choice~...
Kokoro: Misaki~!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah, I'm coming!
(Black cut)


<Exclusively for My Band>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Misaki: Hmm, I'll take five croquettes and... Ah, also, a ground meat cutlet, and a ham cutlet, please.
Marina: Ah, Misaki-chan, hello. Are you... out shopping?
Misaki: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello. Kokoro and the others are working at CiRCLE, so I'm here to buy lunch for everyone.
Marina: I see. We've also finished our shopping and are about to head back. Would you like to go together?
Misaki: Sure, sounds good.
Misaki: Ah, that reminds me, the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! song lyrics are finally finished.
Marina: They turned out amazing~! I'm getting more and more excited about the event!
Misaki: Yeah, CHU² is seriously talented~.
Marina: Compiling thirty-five people's ideas is just the sort of thing you'd expect from the producer of RAS.
Misaki: She kept the best parts of everyone's ideas, yet managed to make them cohesive. It's as if she packed thirty-five people into one song.
Marina: Exactly. That being said, I think you're amazing too, Misaki-chan. You compose the songs for Hello, Happy World!, right?
Misaki: Well, it sounds impressive when you put it like that, but I think it's a bit different.
Marina: Really?
Misaki: Umm... How should I explain it...? When it comes to Hello, Happy World! songs, the lyrics mainly reflect how Kokoro is feeling at the time.
Misaki: So I think it's pretty out of the ordinary...
Marina: Is that so? It sounds the same to me. You're putting somebody else's ideas into a song, right?
(Background change)
Misaki: Ah, well... The concept alone may sound the same, but I still can't help but feel it's different.
Misaki: After all, it's Kokoro I'm dealing with.
Misaki: I take her unique expressions and try to express them in a way people understand... and then it somehow turns into a song.
Misaki: In other words, it's like a special skill that can't be used in any other situation...
Marina: Interesting~, so you're a Hello, Happy World! expert then, Misaki-chan. That feels exclusive and special too.
Misaki: Haha... I know I'm the one who brought it up, but it feels embarrassing to hear it coming from someone else.
Marina: Fufu, there's nothing to be shy about. Anyway, I'm looking forward to seeing how your lyrics resonate on stage.
Misaki: Yeah. Make no mistake, I'll go for broke on the day. I'll do my best to make people smile.
