1507_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Being Taught about M

Gacha phrase: Guess I'll just have to be Michelle for the rest of the day.

<Being Called Incredible...>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Misaki: ... Huh? Wait, am I the last one here?
Hagumi: Ah, Mii-kun! What happened yesterday? Were you okay? You left so suddenly, I was really worried!
Misaki: (Ah... right. I couldn't take Michelle off, so I did say something important suddenly came up, didn't I?)
Misaki: Yeah, sorry about that. I should've at least told you guys before leaving...
Hagumi: No, it was important, right? Then there's no helping it! Did everything turn out okay?
Misaki: Y-yeah, totally fine...
Kanon: Fufu. You weren't there, but something really special happened in exchange, didn't it?
Hagumi: Real special! Michelle ended up being able to stay and hang out in your place while you were gone!
Kokoro: We got to spend the whole day with her! It was so, so great!
Kaoru: She does usually spirit herself away once the curtains fall on a show, after all. The time spent with her that day was positively fleeting.
Misaki: H-huh...
Kokoro: But you weren't there, so you don't know what happened, right? We'll tell you all about what we did with Michelle!
Misaki: Wh-what? This again? Uhhh... Thanks~...?
Kokoro: Fufu, we all went on a Smile Patrol with Michelle after you left.
Hagumi: And it turned out to be a great idea! We found a talisman!
Kaoru: Ah, yes. We had a grand old time chasing the naughtiest of little kittens.
Misaki: I-interesting...
Hagumi: Michelle was so amazing, wasn't she?! She bodyblocked the cat from running away!
Kanon: Mm-hmm, that was really cool.
Kaoru: Indeed. She stole the show completely.
Kokoro: She's really incredible, you know. She's always super on top of things, and really reliable, and makes us all feel like everything'll be okay.
Misaki: O-oh~, wow~. Sounds like she did some nice work~.
Misaki: (This warm and fuzzy feeling again. Talk about déjà vu...)
Misaki: (But...)
Misaki: ... Michelle really is awesome, though, huh? She makes everyone smile just by being there.
Kokoro: Yeah! You're absolutely right, Misaki!
Kokoro: Fufu, she's kind of like the sun. Being with her makes you feel all warm and happy.
Misaki: ... I guess she really is.
Kokoro: And just like she makes us feel all happy and warm, I bet she's going to bring more and more smiles to even more people!
Hagumi: Yeah! Knowing her, you can be sure she's gonna do something amazing that'll have the entire crowd at our next show smiling!
Kaoru: Indeed... I can already see her sparkling, dazzling figure onstage.
Hagumi: Sparkling? Dazzling...? Oh, you mean she's going to light up? I really wanna see that!
Misaki: ... Huh?
Kokoro: Great idea! As for me, I want to see her fly again!
Hagumi: Oh, that's really good, too, Kokoron! We should have her put on some giant wings that are, like, this big!
Hagumi: And then the wings can light up!
Kaoru: Sprouting wings of light, Michelle soars through the night sky. Ah... How fleeting.
Misaki: Whoa, hold on! What do you mean, wings of light? Not even she can do that!
Kokoro: That's not true! This is Michelle we're talking about, after all!
Misaki: What~...?
Kanon: Fufu. Everyone sure is excited, huh?
Misaki: ... Yeah. Sheesh, wonder how Michelle's gonna live up to these expectations...
Misaki: (... You hear that, Michelle?)
Misaki: (What everyone's saying. You're really incredible, you know that?)


<What Look Do I Have On My Face?>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Misaki: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi there.
Marina: Oh, Misaki-chan. Hi! ... Huh? Wait, did you have a reservation today?
Misaki: Ah, no, I'm just here to say thanks for the other day.
Marina: The other day...? Oh! Is this about that talisman?
Misaki: Yeah. Sorry, we were so frazzled chasing that cat, we didn't even remember to say hi, so...
Marina: You came all the way here just for that? Thanks... Oh, sorry, {{userName}}-san. You must have no idea what we're talking about, huh?
Misaki: Ah, right.  It was just Marina-san here at the time. Well, to put it simply... Actually, can I even put it simply...?
Misaki: Uh, anyway... That day, we were doing some Hello, Happy World! stuff since morning, and I ended up being unable to take Michelle off.
Misaki: So I had to spend the rest of the day with the band as Michelle.
Misaki: And during that time, we met this older woman downtown who had lost a really important talisman that her grandchild had given her, so we were looking for it...
Marina: Turns out it was actually one of the items in our lost-and-found, but then a lot happened, and I'm guessing you managed to get it back. How did everything turn out?
Misaki: Well, the "a lot happened" part was... a lot...
Misaki: But we managed to return the talisman to her, so thank you very much.
Marina: I'm glad to hear that. Seriously though, not being able to take off your suit sounds really rough.
Misaki: Haha, it was. Obviously, it was physically draining, but not just that...
Misaki: The fact that Kokoro and the others still don't realize I'm actually Michelle was probably what caused the most trouble.
Marina: Oh yeah... They haven't figured it out yet, huh?
Misaki: Exactly. And because they haven't, they decided it'd be nice to tell Michelle all sorts of stuff about me...
Misaki: Which means everything they told me, I obviously already knew, right? Just, hearing about it all from someone else, made it feel... really weird.
Misaki: They were all talking and playing up all the stuff I've done up until now like it was all such a big deal.
Misaki: But I could tell they really meant what they said, and... It made me feel, how do I put this? Like, weird and fuzzy on the inside...
Misaki: I wasn't sure how I was supposed to react, so I was really glad I was inside my suit.
Marina: Fufu, I see. They must've wanted to tell you all about Michelle because they care about you so much.
Misaki: Ah~... Yeah. Pretty much. They're an honest bunch when it comes to their feelings.
Misaki: Well, except me, I suppose. I can't be as open as them.
Marina: I think they can still tell how you feel. About how much you care about them.
Marina: You've had this great big smile on this whole time while talking about them, you know?
Misaki: Uh, r-really...?
Misaki: ... Actually, I probably did, huh?
