1607_Misaki Okusawa_R3 Real-Time Show

<You Have Received a Comment>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside]

Female Student 1: Oh, that? I heard about it, too! That sounds like so much fun~.
Female Student 2: Right~? I've already watched this video like 10,000 times.
Misaki: (Huh? A video?)
Female Student 1: I totally know what you mean, these girls look like they're having so much fun~...
Female Student 2: It's like, their smiles are contagious, right?
Misaki: (... Wait. Could they be talking about...? No, no way. There's no way.)
Misaki: (... But...)
Misaki: (... If they're actually watching the Hello, Happy Channel...)
Female Student 1: Aghhh, they're so cute! Lion cubs! I want one!
Female Student 2: I knooowww! Oh look, the bus is coming!
Misaki: ... Phew~. So that's what it was. Figures, yeah.
Misaki: (Ahh, shoot. Just the fact I thought that was even a possibility has me embarrassed...)
Kasumi: ... I knew it! It's Misaki-chan! Morning~!
Arisa: Good morning, Okusawa-san.
Misaki: Morning. You're full of energy this morning, Toyama-san.
Arisa: Not this morning. The trigger for all the hyperactivity was right when she spotted you, actually.
Misaki: Huh? What do you mea-...
Kasumi: I saw!
Misaki: Saw? Saw what?
Kasumi: The Hello, Happy Channel!
Misaki: Huh? ... S-seriously?
Kasumi: Totally seriously! It was so much fun~! I was on the edge of my seat wondering what you were all gonna come up with next! It was like I was sitting in the studio right there with you all~!
Misaki: Ehh~... Really?
Arisa: That's actually how hooked she was, yeah. She was staring at the screen answering all your questions and talking to Tsurumaki-san as she watched.
Misaki: Ahaha. Kokoro would love to hear that.
Misaki: ... Wait. Ichigaya-san, does that mean you watched it too?
Arisa: Yeah. All of Poppin'Party did. We just happened to all be together, you see.
Arisa: We'd heard you were doing a livestream, so we figured we'd check it out. Honestly, I've got to admit I was a little surprised at how good it was.
Kasumi: Ehehe, Arisa had a lot of fun watching too, yeah.
Arisa: I-I mean, well... It was actually fun, yeah...
Misaki: Ichigaya-san... Thanks, you two. Obviously I appreciate that you liked what we did, but we also had a lot of fun making it.
Kasumi: I bet you did! I could totally tell you were enjoying it from the bottoms of your hearts!
Misaki: Oh. I see... That... makes me kinda happy to hear.
Kasumi: Livestreams are great, huh? We streamed one of our concerts before, and it was so exciting thinking that people all the way across the ocean were watching us play!
Arisa: There's a bunch of people out there who don't go to concerts but like watching streams, after all.
Misaki: Yeah, totally. A lot of our comments were from people who already knew about Hello, Happy World!, but I saw a few that were talking about how this was the first time they'd heard of us.
Misaki: And if what we did was a chance for us to connect with more people like that, then I guess following Kokoro's crazy plans every once in a while isn't all bad.
Arisa: ... You might have a point, yeah.
Kasumi: After talking about it this much, I'm in the mood to watch it over again. Oh! How about we all watch it together?
Arisa: Huh? Here? ... And your phone's already out.
Kasumi: Just the beginning, that's all~! Having it archived so you can play it back whenever you want is really nice, huh~?
Arisa: Yeah, but that's not the problem here. Ahhh, c'mon, at least stand next to us so you don't hurt yourself.
Kasumi: Uhh... Hello, Happy... Hello, Happy Channel... Ah! Here it is!
Kasumi: Oh, look! You just got a new comment! Three minutes ago!
Misaki: Huh...?
Arisa: Let's see here...
Misaki: "lol the hosts are having more fun than the kids are"
Arisa: Ah... This is...
Misaki: ... Pfft. Ahahaha!
Misaki: It's probably the best compliment we could get.


<Although Our Perspectives Differ>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Misaki: Phew... Ahaha.
Misaki: Whoa! Jeez, that got me...
Misaki: What? Hahaha...
Marina: Hey, you see Misaki-chan sitting over there? She looks like she's having an awful lot of fun, huh?
Marina: Hm... I think she's watching something, but I wouldn't want to disturb her.
Misaki: ... Haha. Ahh...
Misaki: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, did you call my name? Sorry, I had earbuds in, so I couldn't hear you...
Marina: Nope, we didn't. We were just wondering what you were up to since you looked like you were having a lot of fun.
Marina: If anything, we should be apologizing for interrupting you. Sorry.
Misaki: No, it's okay... Though it is a little embarrassing knowing people saw that...
Marina: O-oh, no, don't worry about that! Sorry, we shouldn't have stared.
Misaki: No, I'm the one that was laughing to myself in public. I was just watching this video, you see...
Marina: A video...? On the Hello, Happy Channel?
Misaki: N-no! There's no way I'd watch our own stuff in a place like this.
Misaki: Actually, wait. You two know that we started our own channel?
Marina: You bet. We just watched your video a little bit ago. It was really good.
Misaki: Th-thank you very much... Man, it's pretty embarrassing having your stuff seen by people you know, though... I think a bunch of my classmates have seen it, too...
Misaki: Ah, I am happy about it though, of course. Thank you again for watching.
Marina: No, thank you for making such a fun video to watch. How did recording it go?
Misaki: Well~...
Misaki: ... At first, after Kokoro told us we were going to shoot a kids show, I started thinking about all the things that you'd normally see, like a storytelling or arts and craft segment.
Misaki: I figured that keeping things nice and simple rather than trying anything too overcomplicated would be best.
Misaki: ... That sounded good to me in my head, at least. I think I was getting a little ahead of myself, thinking it was just a kids show and all.
Misaki: But Kokoro and Hagumi didn't care about that at all. They went totally overboard, at full steam, just like always.
Misaki: It reminded me again that it's because they're the way they are that they can deliver so many smiles to so many people.
Marina: I see. That certainly does sound like them, yeah. But I don't think you were really getting ahead of yourself, you know?
Misaki: Huh?
Marina: You were thinking about the kids, right? That's why you wanted to make things nice and simple for them.
Marina: Everyone may have had different ways of approaching it, but in the end you all had the same goal of wanting to entertain the kids.
Marina: If that weren't the case, then I don't think those kids would have had as much fun as they did during you and Kanon-chan's segment.
Misaki: ... You think so?
Marina: Yeah. If nothing else, that's how I felt watching it, at least. Your corner was just as fun as Hagumi-chan and the others'.
Misaki: Huh... Thank you. If the kids felt that way too, then... that'd make me really happy.
