1621_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I never thought I'd have to go on a shopping run for my own birthday party...

<Suddenly Start Thinking>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: We're shopping together! Yay!
Misaki: I never thought I'd have to go on a shopping run for my own birthday party...
Kanon: Sorry, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Oh, it's totally fine! It's not like I don't want to or anything!
Kokoro: Yeah, Kanon! We can't let Misaki be the only one who gets left behind while we have fun shopping!
Kaoru: Fufu, it is... but that...
Misaki: I hate to agree, but there you have it.
Misaki: At least the end product is sort of being kept secret. Although it's not too hard to figure out from this grocery list.
Misaki: Apples, pie crust, eggs, sugar... Which probably means apple pie. So, we should start with the apples then...
Kanon: ...? What's wrong, Misaki-chan? Did you find something that you want?
Misaki: Oh, no. I was just thinking about how I don't recognize that fluffy mascot stuffed toy over there.
Hagumi: You don't know who that is~, Mii-kun? That's Ruty-kun!
Kokoro: It says here that they came to visit from Fruit World! They're supposed to be super nice~!
Misaki: O-oh.
Misaki: (Ruty-kun...? Ah, maybe it's from "fruity.")
Misaki: It's a bit on the shallow side, but I guess simple is better for something like this.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, are you interested in the fluffy mascot, by any chance? You did say you've lately been finding yourself coming up with your own mascots sometimes.
Misaki: Huh?! Well, er~... I guess you could say that.
Kanon: Fufu. If you want, I'd love to hear what you've come up with.
Misaki: No, no, it's not like I've been thinking about it that seriously!
Misaki: (... Hm? You know... I don't think I've ever heard of a shopping cart fluffy mascot...)
Misaki: (Can't say I've seen a register or shelf mascot either. If they are made into mascots, I wonder if they should be the type that excels at supporting roles...)
Misaki: (Whoa, whoa, whoa... I need to get a hold of myself! All I've been thinking about is fluffy mascots...)
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan...? Are you sure you're okay...? You've been muttering this whole time...
Misaki: What?! Oh, um, it's nothing! Come on, let's go!
Misaki: (Ugh, everything's starting to look like a fluffy mascot!)
Misaki: (At this rate, even my birthday cake might look like one. There's no way that'll happen... Right...?)


<Fluffy Happiness>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Ah, there you are! Hey~! Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Uehara-san. Uh, what's up?
Himari: I'm here to practice on my own, but I heard from Marina-san that you're also here for the same reason.
Himari: It was your birthday the other day, right? Well, I realized I haven't even celebrated it yet, so I came looking for you!
Misaki: You really didn't have to... but thanks.
Himari: No problem. So anyway, I also have your present!
Himari: Ta-dah! An original fluffy mascot by yours truly!
Misaki: An original mascot?
Himari: I've fallen in love with fluffy mascots ever since I got to be Marie~.
Himari: Lately, no matter what I see, I find myself wondering what things would be like if they were a mascot...
Misaki: ...! You too?!
Himari: Too...? Does that mean you also come up with your own mascots?!
Misaki: Shhh! Not so loud, please!
Himari: Oh, s-sorry...!
Misaki: It's alright, it's not like there'd be a problem if people found out... I just haven't told anyone because it's kind of embarrassing.
Himari: Huh, really? I ask Moca and Tomoe for input all the time!
Misaki: You can get away with it because of the kind of person you are.
Himari: What~? It's not that different for you, either, I think~.
Misaki: Anyway, is it just me, or is the mascot actually handmade? Are you sure it's okay for me to have it?
Himari: Of course, it's okay! That's why I made it!
Himari: By the way, the mascot's name is Turny because they're based on a turntable!
Misaki: Fufu, it even has a bag that's shaped like a record. It's really well-made.
Himari: Right~?! I had such a hard time with the stand, you know?
Himari: I have to say, though, I had no idea you were also into original fluffy mascots...
Himari: ... Oh! Want to go grab something to eat right now?
Misaki: I don't mind... but what's with the sudden invitation?
Himari: It's so that we can come up with a super popular mascot over some food!
Himari: My treat, of course, since we'll celebrate your birthday while we're at it!
Misaki: Normally, the celebrating part would be the primary reason... Well, whatever.
Misaki: (Part of Uehara-san's charm is her ability to stop people from feeling bad when she offers to do something nice.)
Misaki: Alright, then. Let's go brainstorm some mascots while we celebrate on the side.
