1652_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Forever after School

Gacha phrase: Just look at them. Those three and their constant antics can be such a pain...

<What I Want to Do With You Pt. 1>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Misaki: Sigh~...
Kanon: Th-that was a very long sigh, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: I can't help it~... Yesterday's Hello, Happy World! meeting was pure chaos...
Kanon: Ah, yesterday... Y-yeah, it certainly was difficult...
Misaki: It was supposed to be a meeting to discuss future activities for the band, but when those three arrived...
Misaki: Hagumi said she wants us to go on a jungle adventure, and Kaoru-san said we should visit a desert to "feel the vast splendor of mother earth" or something like that.
Misaki: I know our band does some unusual things, but I at least hoped they would have some more grounded suggestions...
Kanon: Ahaha... Kokoro-chan's idea was very surprising too...
Kanon: She said we could definitely bring smiles to people's faces if we used magic to fill a concert hall with stars...
Misaki: Trust me, if magic really existed, I would love to use it...
Kanon: When you said something like that at the meeting, didn't Kokoro-chan say we should go find a wizard?
Misaki: She sure did. Those three are always saying the zaniest things, but yesterday they were even more bonkers than usual...
Kanon: It was hard to get them to stop... But I'm glad they realized their ideas wouldn't be possible for us to do.
Kokoro: Misaki~! Kanon~!
Misaki: Well well, speak of the devil... What brings you three here...?
Misaki: Hrm? You three?
Misaki: Huh? Kaoru-san, why are you at our school?!
Kaoru: Fufu, you seem shocked to see me, Misaki... Actually, I had a meeting with the Hanasakigawa theater club today...
Kaoru: Since I have come all this way, I was having Kokoro and Hagumi give me the grand tour of the school.
Kokoro: That's right! Hagumi and I were just showing her our classroom!
Misaki: Oh, gotcha... For a second, I didn't know what to think.
Kaoru: Fufu, I seldom have the chance to visit other schools. I have found many new feelings of fleetingness here.
Misaki: But aren't all schools pretty much the same wherever you go?
Kaoru: Why not at all. I could sense the lively fleetingness birthed by Hanasakigawa's little kittens all throughout the school...
Hagumi: I've got an idea! Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, why don't you come with us?
Kanon: Okay. Since Kaoru-san is here, I guess I'll join you. I can show you the room for the tea ceremony club.
Misaki: Well, I'm not really busy with anything either, so I can come with too...
Hagumi: Alright, then you're coming! We'll all show Kaoru-kun around the school~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Tennis Court]

Misaki: ... And these are tennis courts for the tennis club.
Hagumi: Wow~! They're sooo big!
Hagumi: Hmm, now I kinda wanna play tennis! Hey, why don't we all play together next time!
Kokoro: That's a fantastic idea! Misaki, next time we'll have a tennis tournament! Will you show us how to play?
Misaki: Hold on now, tennis is actually harder than it looks. Well, I do feel like you and Hagumi would get the hang of it pretty fast, though...
Misaki: Ughhh, it's cold. Hey, guys, why don't we head inside now?
Kanon: You're right... It's already gotten pretty cold. Up until a few days ago, it still felt like fall...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, you don't like the cold? The other day, you even said you wanted to go somewhere warm, didn't you?
Kokoro: That was when we were talking about going out together!
Kaoru: Ahh, 'tis the time of year when winter quietly approaches... It is ever so fleeting to think that fall has already parted ways with us...
Misaki: Well, it's not like I hate cold weather or anything... But when fall switches to winter, it can get a bit unbearable.
Misaki: That's why I want to go someplace warm, like a hot spring~...
Kaoru & Hagumi: A-a hot spring...?!
Misaki: Is it really that surprising?
Hagumi: So the warm place you were talking about was a hot spring!
Misaki: Huh? Yeah... Remember when we were suddenly asked to go on that trip instead of the downtown shopkeepers?
Hagumi: That was the time we went to a hot spring with the girls from a whole bunch of bands! Like Poppin'Party and Afterglow. That was so much fun~!
Misaki: It was. And I don't have that much interest in hot springs, but I was thinking it could be fun to go together~.
Kaoru: I see. So that is why...
Hagumi: I think I might've got the wrong idea.
Misaki: You what...? Anyway! It's cold, so why don't we head back inside the building now?
Kokoro: I have a super special place I like to go in the school building! C'mon, guys! Follow me!
Kanon: Ah, wait, Kokoro-chan!
(Black cut)


<What I Want to Do With You Pt. 2>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kokoro: We're here! Guys, this is it!
Hagumi: Wow~! So your special place was the roof! It feels super-duper good up here~!
Misaki: We went inside, but then we just ended up back outside again...
Kanon: Ahaha... But the breeze does feel a little nice.
Kaoru: Yes, it's as if this refreshing air is saying, "Welcome"... I would have liked to have brought Michelle with us...
Misaki: Well~, maybe we can do that next time... Hey, Kokoro, why did you bring us to the roof?
Kokoro: I come here when I'm at school and feel like looking at the stars! I want you all to see them from here too!
Hagumi: I wanna see 'em, I wanna see 'em! I wonder if they'll be as pretty as the stars we saw in that movie.
Misaki: Ohh, you're talking about the fantasy movie we watched at Kokoro's house. They probably wouldn't look like that, right?
Misaki: Those weren't the kind of stars you can see in the city. Besides, in the movie, those stars were made by magic.
Kokoro: That's right! Seeing magic stars in the night sky was sooo exciting!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, you said you liked that movie too.
Misaki: I rarely watch fantasy movies like that, but it was kind of fun to see one again after a while.
Misaki: I really thought the scene where the stars in the sky were made with magic was fantastic... I couldn't help but think how fun it might be if I could use magic too.
Kaoru: Fufu, you said that, as well, once the movie had finished.
Kokoro: I think magic that makes Misaki smile is just wonderful! I wish we could use magic like in that movie at our shows...
Kokoro: But using magic in a show would be hard, right, Misaki?
Misaki: Well, even if it weren't in a show, using magic is impossible...
Kokoro: Oh. I thought if we could have a concert with magic, then it would be a super happy show that would make you smile. It's too bad we can't do that.
Misaki: ... Hrm? Wait a minute...
Misaki: Did you say we should have a concert with magic because I said I wished I could use magic?
Kanon: Huh? Is that why?
Kokoro: Yes! Misaki, you always help us do what we want to do, but you almost never say what you want to do.
Kokoro: Sometimes I want us to do the things you like! Let's all do something together that will make you smile!
Hagumi: Wow~! Kokoro, you were thinking the same thing I was!
Kaoru: Fufu, it would appear our minds were in sync...
Kanon: Huh? Hagumi-chan, Kaoru-san, you were thinking that too?
Misaki: N-no way~... Hagumi, Kaoru-san, is that also why you said you wanted to go to a desert and a jungle...?
Hagumi: You said you wanted to go someplace warm, right? That's why I tried thinking of a place like that!
Kaoru: Likewise. In the end, though, hot springs never crossed my mind...
Kanon: So that is why you all said those things at our Hello, Happy World! meeting the other day...
Misaki: O-oh... I had no idea...
Kokoro: What's wrong, Misaki? You're making a funny face.
Misaki: W-well, I was just a little surprised...
Hagumi: You're acting weird, Mii-kun! Kokoron, where should we go next?
Kokoro: Well... Next, let's show off the courtyard and see the middle school's rabbits!
Kaoru: Ahh, how splendid. I look forward to playing with some cute little kittens...
Misaki: No, they're rabbits.
Misaki: Umm, that reminds me. There's something I need to take care of, so you all show Kaoru-san around.
Kaoru: Oh my, is that so? How unfortunate it, but alas, 'tis fate's will...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, leave it to me! I'll show Kaoru-kun all the stuff you would've shown her!
Misaki: Okay, thanks. Kanon-san, could I get you to lend me a hand...?
Kanon: Sure, no problem.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Misaki: Ah, Kanon-san, take a look. They're already back outside playing.
Misaki: How do they have that much energy after school...?
Kanon: Fufu, you look kind of happy.
Misaki: It's just that... those three were such a handful yesterday, so I'm shocked to hear that they were trying to think of ways to do something I wanted to do.
Misaki: That's why... well, I'm thinking I'll give this a little more thought~.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, is that... the notebook from yesterday's Hello, Happy World! meeting?
Misaki: Yes, these are yesterday's notes. They tried to think of plans just for me, so even if jungles, deserts, or magic are a no-go, maybe we can do something similar...
Kanon: Okay. Kokoro-chan and the others tried hard to come up with ideas, so now it's our turn to think of some.
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: Misaki~! Mii-kun~!
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: Kanon~! Kano-chan-senpai~!
Misaki: Hrm...? I think I can hear voices coming from somewhere...
Kanon: Ah! Misaki-chan, look out the window!
Misaki: Ah, they're waving their arms like crazy... Good grief...
Kanon: Fufu, Kokoro-chan and the others are jumping up and down.
Misaki: Jeez, those three are always making my head spin... There are still so many times when I really can't tell what they're thinking.
Misaki: But, well... thanks, guys.
(Black cut)
