1660_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Party Time!

Gacha phrase: ... What if... I went out as myself today...?

<Like an Inevitable Flow>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Teacher: Now then, everyone! After winter break and once the next semester is over, you'll finally be third years. That's why today...
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (Third years, huh...)
Kokoro: Misaki~! Let's go home together!
Misaki: ... Ah. Yeah. Sure.
Kokoro: What's wrong? You look like you're wondering how to become friends with a giraffe.
Misaki: Wait, what...? That's not what I'm thinking at all. But, well... you're not wrong about there being something on my mind.
Kokoro: Oh, my. And what's that?
Misaki: Nothing big. Just that, we're about to become third years too, you know...?
Kokoro: That's right! I can't wait!
Misaki: Haha, you're positive as always...
Kokoro: Are you not looking forward to it?
Misaki: Well, it's not like that, but... I guess I'm wondering if I'm going to be able to do a good job at being a third year or not.
Misaki: Wondering how it feels to be a third year...
Kokoro: Oh, I see! If that's the case, then let's go find out!
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean, find ou-... H-hey, Kokoro?! Where are you going?! Stop pulling...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Misaki: ... I feel like we're getting a lot of stares...
Kokoro: You're right. I wonder why.
Misaki: Maybe because we're a couple of second years loitering in front of a third year classroom? Not only that, but you're pretty famous, too...
Kanon: Huh? Misaki-chan? Kokoro-chan?
Misaki: Ah, Kanon-san.
Kokoro: Kanon! Perfect timing!
Kanon: What are you doing here? Did you need something?
Kokoro: We do! It's something super important! Misaki's wondering what it feels like to be a third year. That's why we came here to find out.
Kanon: Huh?
Misaki: Hold on, wai-...!
Kokoro: Misaki! This is where we're going to be every day once we become third years. How is it? Can you picture it now?
Kokoro: Look! The inside of this classroom looks great, too! So this is Kanon's class, huh? Let's go in!
Misaki: H-hold on, quit it...! The other third years are still staring... And keep it down...! Ahhh man, how did things come to this...?
Kanon: Um... What happened, Misaki-chan...?
(Black cut)
Kanon: I see, so that's what's going on...
Misaki: I'm so sorry for bothering you...
Kanon: Oh, it's no bother at all. Thanks for sharing with me, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: ... It's really no big deal. It's just, it hasn't really sunk in that we're going to be third years soon, I guess...
Misaki: So I was thinking, will I be able to be a proper, respectable third-year like you and Kaoru-san, you know...?
Kanon: Oh, I'm not respectable or anything like that at all~...!
Misaki: Nah, nah... To me, you're an amazing upperclassman.
Kokoro: She's right! You're incredible and always have been!
Kanon: Th-thank you. It makes me really happy to know that you think that way about me.
Kanon: But... respectable or not, you're going to become a third year either way.
Misaki: Huh?
Kanon: Next semester's going to come, we're going to graduate, then spring will arrive, and you'll take our places. That's just how it is... And that's why I think things will work themselves out.
Misaki: Is... that how it is?
Kanon: Fufu. Yeah, that's how it is.
Misaki: Huh...
Misaki: ... Thank you, Kanon-san. I feel a lot better now.
Kanon: Really? If I was able to help even a little bit, then that'd make me happy, too. I've got to go see one of my teachers though, so I'll be going, okay?
Misaki: Sure. See you later.
Kanon: Yeah. See you.
Kokoro: So? How was that, Misaki? Do you get what it means to be a third year now?
Misaki: Not really, no...
Misaki: But I guess it doesn't really matter in the end, does it? Third year's coming whether we like it or not, so I guess whatever happens, all I can do is just what I can.
Misaki: Thanks, Kokoro... Methods aside, I do appreciate you looking out for me.
Kokoro: I want to thank you, too! After coming here and seeing the third years' classroom, I'm looking forward to coming here even more than ever!
Kokoro: And it's all thanks to you telling me how you wanted to know what it feels like to be a third year! Thanks, Misaki!
Misaki: There you go, blowing things out of proportion again...
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! Let's keep spending every day with smiles on our faces, even after we're third years!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah... I've got a feeling that's not going to be hard to do.


<To The Ones Departing>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Misaki: Hm~... What to do...
Marina: Ah, Misaki-chan. Hey there~. Are you out shopping?
Misaki: Hmmm~...
Marina: Huh? ... Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Whoa! A-ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... You really surprised me...
Marina: S-sorry about that.
Misaki: No, it's my fault. I totally didn't notice you.
Marina: You had an awfully serious look on your face just now, though. What are you doing?
Misaki: Uh~... Well, I guess it'd be fine to tell you two.
Misaki: Um. What I'm about to say now? Please don't tell Kanon-san and Kaoru-san about it, okay?
Marina: I-is it something important...? Got it, your secret's safe with us.
Misaki: Thank you. It's really not that big of a deal, but...
Misaki: I'm looking for graduation presents for them... even though there's still a decent amount of time before the ceremony, so I know I'm jumping the gun a little bit.
Marina: I see...! So? Have you decided what you're going to get them?
Misaki: Not at all...
Misaki: But it's kind of fun thinking of what they'd like to get, so... I'm thinking I'll relax and take my time picking something out.
Marina: Fufu, that sounds like a good idea to me. I'm sure you'll find some great stuff for them.
Marina: Still though... Graduation, huh? Lots of things are going be changing this spring, aren't they?
Misaki: Yeah. Kanon-san's apparently going to be sharing a place with Shirasagi-senpai.
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Kanon-chan, yeah. It sounds like they're going to have a lot of fun.
Misaki: It does. And Kaoru-san's going to be studying abroad at Broadway.
Marina: Huh? Broadway?! Studying abroad?!
Misaki: Ah, don't worry. She'll be back in a week.
Misaki: You're right though, that would be the normal response... I reacted about the same way when I first heard.
Marina: I-I see... Gosh, you really had me there. Still, that's good for you, right? You'll be able to see her again soon.
Misaki: Yeah. And so I'm here looking for presents for them to celebrate the start of their brand new lives.
Misaki: As sad as I feel to know that they're graduating, I'm equally just as happy for them, too.
Misaki: Which is why I want to express how I feel properly to them. Equal parts sad and glad.
Misaki: Because being honest with your friends about your feelings is what would make them happiest. That's what Nicolina-san taught me.
Marina: Princess Nicolina...?
Misaki: Yeah. She came to visit the other day.
Misaki: And if the princess of a kingdom tells you something, you can't really ignore her, can you?
Marina: Fufu. You're a really kind person who cares about your friends from the bottom of your heart, Misaki-chan. I'm sure you'll be able to show them that. I know it.
