1686_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Cooperative Endeavor

Gacha phrase: I guess I'll take... that small step forward too.

<Consideration Master Okusawa-san>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Misaki: Well, these are all the papers that need to be turned in... Hrm? Ichigaya-san's papers aren't here.
Misaki: Ichigaya-san~, the papers the teacher asked for this morn- ... Oh, she's talking with Rinko-senpai.
Arisa: Okay. Then, I'll tell the teacher. Was there anything else?
Rinko: Well, there's the thing we talked about before in the student council room...
Misaki: Maybe they're talking about student council. They seem busy with a lot of things~.
Misaki: Well, I guess I'll write the class journal while I wait for her.
Kanon: Ah, Misaki-chan, there you are!
Misaki: Kanon-san, what's up?
Kanon: I was thinking we could leave together. Would that be okay?
Misaki: Sure, but I just need to write the class journal first. Could you give me a few minutes?
Kanon: Okay. Then maybe I'll watch you write while I'm waiting.
Misaki: What~...? That's kind of embarrassing. I'll finish up as fast as I can. Let's see now...
Kanon: Fufu, the class journal is pretty interesting because everyone does it a different way.
Misaki: Yeah~, I know what you mean.
Misaki: Toyama-san adds her "Fun Things That Happened Today" corner and uses different colored pens. Everything looks so playful.
Misaki: Ichigaya-san's sometimes has tons of eraser marks, so you can tell she tried many different ways of writing it.
Kanon: Fufu, that's just like those two. Let's see how yours looks~...
Kanon: Oh wow...! Yours is so detailed. You see every little thing that happens in class~.
Kanon: It's just like you to always be so observant.
Misaki: Huh? You think so? I feel like I'm writing a very standard journal entry...
Kanon: For example, here-
Misaki: Ah, Kanon-san, give me one sec.
Kanon: ...? Okay.
Misaki: Ichigaya-san, um...
Arisa: Ah, I'm sorry. It's about the papers that need to be turned in, right? Actually, I haven't written them yet...
Misaki: If you're busy, I can tell the teacher you'll hand yours in later. You've got a student council meeting now, don't you?
Arisa: Huh? How'd you know?
Misaki: I overheard you and Rinko-senpai talking. Student council members seem as busy as ever~.
Arisa: We are. I have to run to a meeting that just got scheduled. Once that's over, I'll hurry and- Oh, but after the meeting, I need to take care of something else...
Misaki: Right, you said you were going to look online for the flowers to give to the graduating students. I'll help with that, so go to the meeting and then write your papers.
Arisa: What? Are you sure? You're a lifesaver! Thank you!
Misaki: No worries~. Good luck~.
Misaki: Now then, Kanon-san, thanks for waiting. I'm done writing the journal, so why don't we head out?
Kanon: Fufu, you really do notice what's going on with the people around you.
Misaki: ...? What are you talking about?
Kanon: If you weren't paying attention to Arisa-chan, then you wouldn't be able to do what you just did.
Misaki: Well, that was... just a coincidence.
Misaki: But student council seems like they've really got a lot on their plate. They're always so busy.
Kanon: That's true. They're doing many things for all the students...
Kanon: Are you going to join student council?
Misaki: Me?! No no, that's not going to happen.
Kanon: Why not? I think you'd be a good fit...
Misaki: That's nice to hear, but that's the kind of thing for people with really good leadership skills who can bring everyone together.
Kanon: I'm not so sure. I thought leadership wasn't the only thing student council members needed.
Kanon: I would be happy if there were members like you who notice what's going on around them and can help someone when they're in a tight spot.
Misaki: Ahaha, you think way too highly of me. Besides, I'm not really cut out for student council.
Kanon: I don't know about that... I think you'd be perfect...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

[After The Good Luck, Seniors! Special Concert]

Misaki: ... I said that, and now I can't believe I'm actually running for student council.
Arisa: Hrm? What's wrong?
Misaki: Oh, it's nothing. Alright, time to get back to organizing these papers.
Misaki: ... Well, maybe this is a bit of fate too.


<Awakened Feelings>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Heya~, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi.
Marina: Looks like you could use a hand carrying that big box. Would you like some help?
Misaki: Oh~, I'm okay. There's a lot of stuff in here, but it's all light. These are sweets for our wrap-up party.
Marina: You're having a party?
Misaki: We held a concert to cheer up the graduating students at school, and now we're having a party for everyone who helped with the show.
Marina: Oh. Well, you sure are carrying a lot of stuff.
Misaki: Including the performers and others who helped, about fifty first and second-year students lent a hand with the show. Kokoro wanted to invite everyone to her house.
Marina: Did you say fifty people?!
Misaki: ... And that's why I'm carrying so much.
Marina: Oh wow~. You're such a hard worker.
Misaki: But I think Ichigaya-san has it worse. She went to get drinks all by herself.
Marina: There's no way she can do that alone...
Misaki: Ahaha... My thoughts exactly.
Marina: But a show with fifty people helping had to be really exciting~. I imagine the seniors had a good time, didn't they?
Misaki: I didn't think they'd be interested since they're so busy now, but people said it was a nice way to take a break from things.
Marina: Yeah, I bet. Hanasakigawa really is a great school. Don't you think so?
Misaki: Ahaha... Well, I do think it's an interesting school.
Marina: When I was in school, about the only concerts we had were for the culture festival~. So I'm a little jealous.
Misaki: I see... Ah, well, are there any other things you wish you could've done back then?
Marina: When I was a high school student, eh~? Hmm~, maybe there was something~...
Misaki: Ah, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to trouble you.
Misaki: Thanks to this concert, I'm going to run for student council when the next school year starts.
Misaki: I asked you that question hoping you might have some good ideas for the kind of things I should do.
Marina: You're running for student council!? That's wonderful!
Misaki: No, no, it just kind of happened. There was no wonderfulness to it.
Marina: But when I was in high school, going out for student council never even crossed my mind. So I think what you're doing is great.
Marina: By the way, what position are you running for?
Misaki: Ah, well, about that...
Misaki: Ah, Ichigaya-san sent me an S.O.S. She says the drinks are so heavy she can't move... Ahaha, I bet they are...
Misaki: Well, I better run. Sorry, but let's talk more next time!
Marina: Okay~! Good luck~!
