1754_Misaki Okusawa_R5 Things I Never Knew

Gacha phrase: And it's made me aware of just how little I know about Kokoro's past.

<Before Morning Homeroom>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Early Morning]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Misaki: Um, so I need to group these papers by club, stamp them, and... Hm? How am I supposed to calculate the funds here again...?
Arisa: Morning~... Huh?! Okusawa-san?!
Misaki: Hey, Ichigaya-san. Morning.
Arisa: H-hey. Aren't you a bit early? I was sure I was going to be the first one here...
Misaki: Well~... I woke up early, and since I'm not used to the job yet, I figured I might as well come in ahead of time.
Misaki: Besides, I need to stop relying on you for everything.
Arisa: ... I see. Feel free to ask if you get stuck though.
Misaki: Thanks... Oh, uh, actually, can I take you up on that offer right now...? It's the funding calculations here. Did I get them right?
Arisa: Oh~, these. They're a bit tricky, so...
(Black cut)
Misaki: Thanks. I can always count on you~.
Arisa: Not really. If anything, I'm always impressed by how smoothly you handle things...
Arisa: Remember the talks with the neighborhood association? You kept things going and had no trouble speaking before all those adults... I was honestly a bit surprised.
Misaki: Ahaha... You're giving me too much credit. But, well, I've gotten used to speaking with strangers and negotiating because I've been doing both for Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: If anything, keeping everything on track during our band meetings is probably a lot harder. It doesn't help that everyone's blurting out what they want to do...
Arisa: I can totally see that. You guys are always up to some pretty surprising stuff...
Arisa: But, well... it's not that different for us, I guess. Kasumi's always going on about all the stuff she wants to do...
Misaki: Ahaha... I guess you have it pretty rough too.
Arisa: Well... I've completely gotten used to it though... Oh, gotta get back to work...
Arisa: By the way, have you heard about the international student?
Misaki: Mm-hmm, I sure have. They're transferring here next week, aren't they? I wonder what they're like.
Arisa: I know we have to help her adjust to school life here... but not sure I'll be able to do a good job...
Misaki: I think we're just going to have to make it work somehow... I'm more worried about Kokoro and Hagumi, honestly...
Misaki: I just know they'll want to do something on the day the international student arrives~...
Arisa: Oh yeah, I can see that...
Kokoro & Hagumi: Misaki~! Mii-kun~!
Misaki: Huh? Kokoro? Hagumi? What're you doing here?
Kokoro: Isn't it obvious? We're here to help since you're both working away!
Hagumi: Wow, look at all the papers! I'll help too!
Misaki: Wait, no~! Don't touch those...!
Misaki: Uh, I really, really do appreciate the thought, but there's really nothing at the moment that you can help with...
Hagumi: Oh~, okay. What are you working on now then?
Arisa: We're preparing for the monthly meeting.
Hagumi: Monthly meeting...?
Arisa: Everyone gets together, talks about what their committees have been up to, suggests improvements, and sets goals for the following month.
Hagumi: Oh~...! Wait... isn't that the same as our Hello, Happy World! meetings?!
Kokoro: The student council talks about ways for the school to spread smiles then! That's great!
Arisa: Well... I guess you can say that's what we do, but...
Kokoro: Mmm~! We can't just sit around! Let's help everyone at school smile!
Hagumi: Hey, hey! What about covering the school field with a giant piece of construction paper and drawing a picture together?
Arisa: ... Huh?
Kokoro: I love it! It's an amazing idea, Hagumi! Okay, we need to gather everyone in the field before morning homeroom!
Arisa: Uh... Things are really starting to escalate here...!
Misaki: Sigh... Listen, you two. How exactly do you plan to get a piece of construction paper that big?
Misaki: Also... if you're serious about going through with it, you'll need the school's permission.
Hagumi: Does that mean we can't do it right now? What about asking a teacher for permission?
Misaki: Hmm... That probably won't be enough~.
Hagumi: Okay... Isn't there something we can do...?
Misaki: Hmm... Oh, I know.
Misaki: It's no school field, but could you guys draw something for this?
Hagumi: What is this...?
Misaki: It's next month's student council newspaper. See this empty space here...? We've been having trouble figuring out what to do with it.
Misaki: If you could draw something that'll make everyone smile, it'll help a whole lot and make me really happy~.
Kokoro: Sure!
Hagumi: Leave it to us!
Arisa: ... Dang~, Okusawa-san, that was smooth~...
Misaki: Hahaha... Well, let's just say I get lots of practice. Anyway, let's get back to work, shall we?


<Changing Days>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Misaki: Phew... Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: Ah, Misaki-chan! Heading home from school now? It's pretty late.
Misaki: Yes. Ichigaya-san and I had some student council work to take care of.
Marina: I see. Right, you're the student council president now. Hope the change in environment isn't too rough.
Misaki: It's not exactly a walk in the park... but I've got Ichigaya-san, and she has student council experience, so it's been manageable at least.
Misaki: I do need to get my act together though. I shouldn't be relying on her constantly.
Marina: Fufu, I see. Always so responsible and mature.
Misaki: No, not really... Oh, speaking of changes, though, an international student transferred over to Hanasakigawa.
Marina: I heard about that from Hagumi-chan. Kokoro-chan's childhood friend, right?
Misaki: Yes. It's such a coincidence... I was really surprised when I found out.
Misaki: Kokoro was overjoyed because they apparently hadn't seen each other in ages. All of us even got to hear the stories about when they were little.
Misaki: Misono-san seemed pretty interested in what Kokoro's been up to as well... Oh, that's the international student's name.
Misaki: She even tagged along during one of our Smile Patrols, but I think we freaked her out a bit.
Marina: Fufu. Sounds like you all had a great time. From the sound of things, I'm guessing you bonded pretty much immediately.
Misaki: I guess so...
Marina: ...? Did something happen?
Misaki: ... Um, well, not exactly... For a while, I struggled with some negative feelings...
Marina: Are you okay? If you want to talk...
Misaki: Ah, no, it's alright. I managed to work through everything thanks to Hagumi.
Marina: Oh, Hagumi-chan?
Misaki: Yes... When I was brooding, she said some things that helped me adopt a somewhat more positive attitude...
Misaki: I realized I should just focus on genuinely enjoying what's in front of me.
Marina: I see. I don't know the specifics, but it looks like her words helped you kind of work things out.
Misaki: Pretty much. That's why I'm grateful to Hagumi...
Marina: Fufu. You can always count on your bandmates. Consider me jealous.
Misaki: Definitely. What happened was a good reminder.
Misaki: ... Oh, I'm sorry. I've been going on forever. I should head home though.
Marina: No problem. We enjoyed chatting with you. Tell us more about everyone some other time, okay?
