1792_Misaki Okusawa_R5 Secret Memories

Gacha phrase: Here. Mini Michelle is going to be with us during our trip~.

<Mini Michelle>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Misaki: Alright. Time to continue this-
Kokoro: Misaki~~!
Misaki: Whoa! Hey, Kokoro! Don't jump on me from behind! You startled me.
Kokoro: Really? Then next time I'll jump from the side!
Misaki: No, just stop doing it completely.
Misaki: Ugh~, I dropped it...
Kokoro: ...! I know what that is! You poke it with a needle and it becomes a doll, right?!
Misaki: Yeah. I was thinking I could finish up some unfinished parts during lunch.
Kokoro: I see! What are you making today? It's so pink and round and super cute!
Misaki: Well~... This is-
Kokoro: Wait! I'll try to guess what you're making. Hmm~...
Kokoro: I know! It's pink and round, so it's gotta be Michelle!
Misaki: ... Correct. Why do you get it right on the first try at times like these~?
Kokoro: It's amazing how you can turn this round thing into Michelle! So, what kind of Michelle are you making?
Misaki: Hmm, something similar to last time, I think...
Kokoro: Like last time?
Misaki: Remember? When we went to Happy Happy Island?
Kokoro: Oh yeah! The cute one Michelle gave us!
Kokoro: The fact that you're making the same one means you really liked Mini Michelle, huh?
Misaki: Actually, it's more 'cause you liked it...
Kokoro: Yeah! I liked it a lot too!
Misaki: But we gave the previous one to Happi-chan, right?
Kokoro: Oh yeah. Happi was so happy and smiled!
Kokoro: She must be taking really good care of Mini Michelle.
Misaki: Yeah. I hope so.
Kokoro: Oh? What were we talking about again?
Misaki: ...
Kokoro: Oh yeah, we were talking about needle felting! So, why are you making the same Michelle as last time, Misaki?
Misaki: Agh~, jeez. I told you, it's 'cause I wanna give it to you...
Misaki: Well... That's it.
Kokoro: ...! Misaki~~! That makes me super-duper, extremely happy!
Misaki: I just happened to have some materials left over! Really!
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! Can I sit next to you and watch you finish making Mini Michelle?
Misaki: Huh? I mean, sure. Just don't jump on me anymore. I'm using a needle, so it's dangerous.
Kokoro: Okay, I'll just watch, then!
Misaki: Right... Here's the needle. This much wool should be enough...
Kokoro: So if you keep poking it, it'll turn into Michelle, huh? How wonderful!
Misaki: That's what needle felting is about...
Misaki: ...
Kokoro: ...
Misaki: ... Wait, aren't you tired of just watching?
Kokoro: Not at all! It's so interesting!
Misaki: Alright then. Don't force yourself to stay with me, okay?
Misaki: (I mean, it's Kokoro. She'll probably get bored and run off somewhere...)
Misaki: (Huh? Actually, she's just watching calmly...)
Misaki: (I guess she's a bit more grown up now. A lot of stuff happened on Happy Happy Island, after all.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki.
Misaki: Hmm~?
Kokoro: Next time, I want Michelle to come with us to Happy Happy Island.
Misaki: Yeah.
Kokoro: I'm sure she and Happi will be the best of friends.
Misaki: Yeah... I think so too.
Kokoro: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Kokoro?
Kokoro: Zzz... Zzz...
Misaki: Really~...? She's sleeping like she ran out of battery.
Kokoro: Mmm~... Fufufu...
Misaki: Fufu, she looks so happy... What's she dreaming about?
Misaki: (I take it back. She hasn't grown up at all.)
Misaki: (Well... it's very her. I should let her sleep during lunch.)
Misaki: Sleep well, Kokoro.
(Black cut)


<What Kokoro Sees>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Oh, Misaki-chan. Hi there!
Misaki: Hi, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Are you shopping?
Marina: Mhm. We were thinking of restocking some supplies. How about you?
Misaki: I wanted to get some sunscreen. It ran out when I went to the beach with everyone in Hello, Happy World!
Marina: Oh, I heard about it from Kokoro-chan. You all went to Happy Happy Island, right?
Misaki: Yes. Kokoro said, "Let's go~!," and so we did.
Marina: Fufu, it must be fun being in Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: You think so? She just says, "Let's go~!" and we're already on a private jet. It's really shocking, you know?
Marina: I-I can see that...
Misaki: Well, since we went during summer break, we managed to find a time when we were all free. I'm just glad it went well.
Marina: I see. Did you have fun on Happy Happy Island?
Misaki: Um~... Yeah. It was fun. A lot happened, though.
Misaki: We fully enjoyed the beach. And I got to hear a funny story from Kokoro.
Marina: Wow~! What kind of story?
Misaki: It's about when she was little. One time, when she explored the town with Misono-san, her childhood friend, they got lost.
Misaki: But when they went down an unfamiliar street, they came out near Kokoro's house. She said it was really exciting.
Marina: Exciting...? How come?
Misaki: I asked her the same thing.
Misaki: She said there was something she didn't know about and had never seen before so close to her house. And that was amazing and exciting.
Misaki: I was kinda impressed at how she has always been the same since she was little.
Marina: I can picture it. Kokoro-chan having fun even though she's lost.
Misaki: It's kind of ridiculous, isn't it?
Misaki: If it were me, I'd just be relieved to see a path I know. Kokoro is just so straightforward...
Misaki: Even a normal path looks sparkly from her point of view. That part of her hasn't changed at all, and that's why she's so-
Misaki: ... Huh? Did I just say something embarrassing...?
Marina: Not at all! I kind of get what you're saying.
Marina: The world through Kokoro-chan's eyes must be so sparkly even now.
Misaki: ... It's embarrassing after all, so please forget what I said.
Marina: Fufu, it's nothing to be embarrassed about...
Misaki: I swear I'm not- Oh, actually, I really gotta go now. See you!
Marina: Sure, see you. Thanks for chatting with us.
(Black cut)
