1881_Misaki Okusawa_R4 Hesitantly Practicing

Gacha phrase: I've got a feeling I'll be putting everything together in the end…

<Able to Put It All Together>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Hagumi: I wanna include Hansel and Gretel!
Kokoro: That's a fantast-erific idea, Hagumi! Let's prepare a big house made of sweets then!
Kokoro: We can eat it with the audience after the musical ends! It'll be a sweets party!
Kaoru: Ah, what a marvelous idea...! I can already imagine the smiles of the audience bursting with joy.
Hagumi: Oh, and let's have the Town Musicians of Bremen too! It's a musical, so we'll need characters that are good with music!
Kaoru: Why don't we include the Pied Piper of Hamelin as well? Ah, and let us not forget the Little Mermaid with her elegant singing voice.
Kokoro: Speaking of princesses, let's add Snow White and Sleeping Beauty, too! It'll be super-duper lovely if we have lots of princesses!
Misaki: Stop, stop~! How many characters do you guys wanna include?!
Kanon: I know we wanted to have lots of different characters from picture books in the script, but...
Misaki: What are we gonna do with fifty characters?!
Kaoru: That would mean we would have to play ten characters per person. It shall be a feat worth performing.
Misaki: There's no way a beginner can do that!
Kanon: With fifty characters, just having them each come out on stage will take up all the time we have, right...?
Misaki: Sigh... I had a bad feeling ever since we decided to make our own script, but I didn't think it'd be this messy...
Misaki: Anyway, let's put aside the characters for now. Shouldn't we think about how the story will go?
Misaki: Actually, what story do we want to tell with picture book characters?
Kokoro: A story that'll make everyone smile, of course!
Hagumi: I want an exciting adventure~!
Kaoru: As it is a musical, a tale that showcases the joys of song and the beauty of dance would be excellent.
Kanon: Everyone wants to do different things, don't they?
Misaki: You don't exactly need picture book characters to achieve what you guys wanna do...
Kaoru: Other than that, well... I wish for a fleeting tale that stirs one's heart.
Misaki: It's too abstract! I don't understand! Sigh, I'm getting a headache...
Kanon: Will the script even make sense...?
Misaki: Hmm...
Misaki: If you guys have other things you wanna do, tell me now. I'll work on the script after hearing all of your ideas.
Kokoro: Okay! Since Hagumi wanted to do an adventure story, why don't we go to all kinds of places?
Hagumi: Whoa, that sounds fun! Hey, where do you all wanna go?
Kaoru: There are plenty of beautiful places in Japan... However, shall we broaden our horizons and travel around the world?
Kokoro & Hagumi: Yeah! That's it!
Misaki: Travel around the world, huh...?
Kanon: W-will this turn out okay...?
(Black cut)

[Three Hours Later]

Misaki: Uhh, so basically...
Misaki: There are too many fun things in this world, so fewer children are reading picture books.
Misaki: The residents of the picture book world want children to read picture books again, so they go to the human world to learn about singing, dancing, and musicals.
Misaki: It's an adventure story where they spread smiles through the songs and dances they learn while they explore the human world.
Misaki: That's the gist of the script. I did my best to include your requests. What do you think?
Kokoro: Mmm~! That was stupend-erific, Misaki! The story was amazing!
Hagumi: It sounds super-duper fun! Everyone in the audience will smile for sure!
Kaoru: Indeed! It is exactly the story I sought for! How marvelous you must be to weave such a fleeting story together. As expected of you, Misaki.
Misaki: Thank you. I'm just glad it's all good so far.
Kanon: ...
Misaki: Kanon-san? What's wrong? Were there any plot holes in the script?
Kanon: E-everything made sense!
Misaki: Huh?
Kanon: Oh, s-sorry. I didn't expect the story to make perfect sense like that. I was shocked...
Kanon: You included the parts about making everyone smile, having it be an adventure and even the song and dance aspect. That's amazing.
Misaki: Huh? You think so?
Kanon: Your ability to put things together is getting better and better...
Kanon: Hanasakigawa will be okay with a student council president as organized as you.
Misaki: I guess I do use that skill for student council duties too...
Misaki: I don't know how to feel about it being a skill I honed to manage Kokoro and the others' rowdiness, though...
Kokoro: Since we have the story ready, we should decide our roles! Misaki! Let's figure out who will play what!
Misaki: Ah, yeah, sure. Tell us which character you wanna play first.
Misaki: Jeez, we can't even catch a break.


<About Kaoru Seta>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Main Street]

Marina: Let's have some lunch before going to RiNG. There's a restaurant on that street that I recommen-
Marina: Huh? Look at who's in front of that shop... Hey~, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hi there.
Marina: Hello. Are you... out shopping?
Misaki: I guess you could say that.
Misaki: We suddenly had to put on a musical... It's been hectic lately, so I wanted to relax and go shopping.
Marina: I-I see. It must be really tough. I did hear about Hello, Happy World! doing a musical...
Misaki: As always, Kokoro suddenly came up with the idea. And as always, Hagumi and Kaoru-san got on board.
Misaki: I just couldn't stop them, you know.
Marina: Ahaha, I can see that happening. It's not just Kokoro-chan. Hagumi-chan and Kaoru-san have so much energy when they start doing something too.
Marina: Oh yeah. Speaking of Kaoru-san... She's been performing in some big productions recently, right?
Marina: I was so shocked the other day to see Kaoru-san as the main person on a poster~.
Misaki: Oh~... That poster, huh? Kanon-san and I were shocked when we saw it too.
Misaki: We sort of knew about Kaoru-san's theater activities, but we didn't know all the details...
Misaki: When the rest of Hello, Happy World! and I went to see her performance, the theater was huge. And there were posters of Kaoru-san everywhere...
Misaki: It's impossible to not be surprised.
Marina: Ahaha, I'd be shocked too.
Misaki: Kaoru-san would invite us to her performances a lot, but she wasn't acting any differently when she invited us that time, so I didn't think much of it.
Misaki: I wish she would've told us how big of a deal it was.
Marina: But I think that's just how Kaoru-san is.
Misaki: Huh?
Marina: She doesn't change her attitude based on how big or small the performance is.
Misaki: I guess... That is very like her.
Marina: Still, it must be amazing to have a close band member stand on a grand stage.
Marina: If it were me, it wouldn't feel real.
Misaki: Hmm, usually I'd feel that way too...
Misaki: But for Kaoru-san's case, surprisingly, it didn't feel strange at all. It just made sense that she'd be on a grand stage like that...
Misaki: I mean, she performed as the star of a big production so confidently, after all.
Misaki: I've known Kaoru-san for a long time, but she's still such a strange person.
Misaki: She suddenly studied abroad at Broadway and performed as the star in a famous theater troupe's production.
Misaki: Sometimes, she's a little off and doesn't seem to know anything, but other times, she knows more than anyone else. Or she seems like she knows, but actually doesn't.
Marina: That mysterious side to her must be her charm.
Misaki: Well, at least you never get bored when she's around. I could say that about the other members too, though...
Misaki: Seriously, my band members are so unique. I don't know what to do with them.
