1965_Misaki Okusawa_R5 A Smile That Overlaps With Yours

Gacha phrase: Though, I think having nothing special is special in itself.

<Uproar in Council Room>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[One day in the Student Council Room]

Misaki: Hey, Ichigaya-san. The questionnaire for the next regular meeting is...
Arisa: Oh, that's due next Friday. I've been putting it off, but I should get to it soon...
Arisa: Looks like we're going to be busy this week too, Student Council President Okusawa.
Misaki: Don't call me like that.
Misaki: I still can't get used to being called the Student Council President. In the first place, I'm not the type to do that kind of thing--.
Misaki: I mean, I feel like she's more like the Student Council President...
Kokoro: The meeting will be starting soon! I wonder what we are going to decide today?
Hagumi: It seems to be about the upcoming school event. We're supposed to talk about what we're going to do!
Kokoro: This is a really exciting topic! I want to make it an event that will fill the school with smiles!
Hagumi: Well, let's come up with lots of ideas before the meeting! Mii-kun, I'm going to borrow the whiteboard!
Misaki: Okay, okay. Just do as you like.
Arisa: Before you know it, this scene is becoming more and more commonplace.
Misaki: I'm sorry, the two of them just kind of follow me every time...
Arisa: Nah, it's fine. We've got Kasumi showing up a lot too after all.
Arisa: Those two help with Student Council work, so I'm actually grateful instead.
Arisa: We're sometimes short of staff depending on the work we have to do.
Misaki: Well, that's true.
Misaki: If it's an event held in cooperation with the community, Hagumi's presence is often a big help sometimes.
Misaki: When communicating with the downtown,  it goes so much smoothly with Hagumi in between.
Arisa: And no matter what kind of task it is, Tsurumaki-san always finishes it perfectly by the next day.
Arisa: Even if it looks like the job will take a couple of days, it's done the next day.
Misaki: Well, I can see the shadows of the People in Black on that one...
Arisa: I have a vague feeling of that too...
Arisa: Well, I'm getting used to it now, but I was really surprised at first.
Arisa: You know, when we had a meeting with the president of each club right after the start of the school year.
Misaki: Ah, it was the one where Kokoro was hosting normally.
Arisa: She was doing it so naturally that I was slow to stop her.
Misaki: Me too. Maybe it's because I'm used to seeing her at the Hello, Happy World! meetings, but I didn't feel any discomfort watching Kokoro hosting it.
Misaki: After that, I told the two of them not to confuse everyone else...
Misaki: But I wonder if this situation is really okay...
Misaki: I think some students might misunderstand that Kokoro and Hagumi are members of the Student Council...
Arisa: ... You say that, but maybe you're happy that they are there?
Misaki: What ...?
Misaki: I'm not saying I'm happy or not happy...
Arisa: Hmm...
Misaki: Well, if I leave the two of them alone, they could do something terrible, you know?
Misaki: I'd feel safer if they stayed in the Student Council Room than if they did something out of my sight...
Arisa: If that's what Okusawa-san says, then I guess I'll go with that.
Misaki: I feel like kind of bothered by the way you're saying that~...
Kokoro: Hey, both of you!
Misaki & Arisa: ... Huh?
Kokoro: I'm going to start the meeting. Can we start now?
Misaki: Start now? Oh! The members of the Student Council are already here...!
Arisa: Really?... I didn't notice they've come into the room...
Hagumi: Oh, don't get too caught up in your chatter.
Misaki & Arisa: S-sorry...
Kokoro: Okay, everyone is ready!
Kokoro: Let's get the meeting started! Today's topic is ~...
Misaki: Wait, wait! I'm the President after all and I'm going to facilitate!


<Student President Traits>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Marina: ... Huh, Misaki-chan? You were at school until late today, weren't you? Good work.
Misaki: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good aft... no, no, good evening already.
Misaki: I was going to leave a little earlier, but the Student Council's work got a little more hectic than I expected...
Marina: You seem to be working hard as Student Council President. Have you gotten used to Student Council work?
Misaki: Well, I've gotten used to it to a certain extent. If the Student Council President doesn't get used to her work, it'll be a nuisance to others after all.
Misaki: But I still wonder if it was a good thing for me to be the Student Council President...
Marina: Eh? Is that so...? I heard from Arisa-chan that you're doing a good job.
Misaki: I appreciate that you say so... But I'm not cut out to be Student Council President, I'm afraid.
Misaki: I've been going through a lot lately, so it's only making me more sure of that...
Marina: ...What's wrong?
Misaki: Actually, there's a student... in a bit of trouble.
Misaki: I've been asked by the teacher to take care of her, but I'm not really talking with her well...
Misaki: The things she does are outrageous, so I tried to do something about it...
Misaki: It didn't go well at all...
Marina: I see...
Misaki: I was kind of miffed too as we were talking, and we ended up arguing.
Misaki: Ah, I really regret it...
Marina: That's why you started to think maybe you weren't cut out to be Student Council President.
Misaki: Well, I didn't think I was suited for it in the first place. But after what happened this time, that feeling has become even stronger.
Misaki: If someone else was Student Council President, I thought she could do it better...
Marina: Everyone has different personalities and values... It's not so easy to understand each other.
Marina: But that doesn't mean you're wrong, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Hmmm...
Marina: First of all, I don't think there is anyone who can do it well from the beginning.
Marina: I think everyone stumbled like Misaki-chan is doing now, and gradually increased their ability to do things.
Misaki: Is that how it is...?
Marina: I'm able to manage a live house now, but I certainly wasn't born with the ability to do that, you know?
Misaki: I mean, I guess that's true, but...
Marina: And even if it doesn't work well, you're still trying to do something about it.
Marina: Now that Misaki-chan is working hard and not giving up, I think you're suited for Student Council President.
Misaki: I-Is that so...?
Misaki: Well, I'll give it some more thought. All I can do now is to rack my head.
Marina: Yeah, we're rooting for you too, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Thanks to both of you. I feel a little better.
