2068_Misaki Okusawa_R5 Three Flowers, One Smile

Gacha phrase: I’d love to go out like this again sometime.

<Hello Stroll Pt. 1>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kanon: Misaki-chan, Kaoru-san, good work today.
Misaki: Thanks for today.
Kaoru: Today's Hello, Happy World! meeting was quite fruitful again.
Kanon: Ahaha... Kokoro-chan and the others had some pretty wild ideas again today.
Misaki: When it looked like we were seriously going to play softball on stage at the next live, I really panicked. Glad we stopped it in time.
Misaki: Speaking of which, Kokoro and Hagumi got all excited about the softball, but where did they vanish off to...?
Kaoru: Those little kittens dashed out to the garden the moment the meeting ended.
Kanon: Hagumi said just talking about softball made her want to get moving. So of course Kokoro-chan decided to join in too...
Misaki: Haha... they really are something else~. Very on-brand for those two.
Misaki: Whew...
Kaoru: Oh? You look a little tired.
Kanon: S-Sorry. We pretty much left the meeting facilitation to you again today, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Ah, no, it’s not that. I’m not tired because of the meeting.
Kanon: Then... is something bothering you? If there's anything I can do to help, just say the word.
Kaoru: I feel the same as Kanon. If you're in trouble, I swear I’ll be there for you.
Misaki: Ahaha, sorry for worrying you. It’s nothing serious, really...
Misaki: It’s just... Lately, the student council president work has been really busy, and I guess I’m just kind of worn out...
Kanon: I see... That makes sense. You're always so hardworking, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: No, no, really, I’m not.
Misaki: Even though Kokoro and Hagumi basically camp out in the student council room and make things chaotic, they actually help me feel a bit more energized...
Misaki: And Ichigaya-san's support has helped me a ton too, so it’s not all that bad, honestly.
Kaoru: I see... Still, I imagine there’s a lot of pressure that comes with being the student council president.
Misaki: Yeah... I won’t lie, there is. ...Sorry, I guess I’m kind of venting here.
Kaoru: No need to apologize. I'm glad you shared what you're feeling.
Misaki: That’s a bit of an overstatement. ...But I guess just talking about it out loud, even just a little, helped me feel a lot better.
Kanon: Really? Then I’m glad to hear that...
Misaki: Yeah, really. It’s not a huge deal. Thanks to both of you.
Misaki: Hello, Happy World! meeting’s wrapped up anyway, right? I’ll go call Kokoro and Hagumi.
Kanon: (Misaki-chan says it's no big deal, but... I still worry a little.)
Kanon: (She’d probably get self-conscious if I brought it up...)
Kanon: Ah... I’ve got an idea. Hey, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: What is it, Kanon?
Kanon: I just thought of something...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Kaoru: Hey little kittens, hope I didn’t keep you waiting.
Misaki: Nope. Kanon-san and I just got here too.
Kanon: Looks like everyone’s here. Thanks for coming today, both of you.
Misaki: No problem. I didn’t have any plans anyway.
Misaki: Still... I was happy to get an invite from you, Kanon-san. But I’ll admit I was a little surprised.
Misaki: And this group is kind of rare, right?
Kanon: Fufu. I just thought it might be nice for the three of us to spend some time together like this.
Kaoru: Indeed. A truly wonderful idea.
Misaki: Yeah, it’s nice to do something different once in a while.
Misaki: Well then, shall we get going? Kanon-san, didn’t you have something to shop for today?
Kanon: I do... But Misaki-chan, is there anywhere you want to stop by?
Misaki: Huh?
Kanon: What I need isn’t urgent, so it can wait.
Kanon: It's just that... since we're out together like this, I thought maybe we could stop by somewhere you want to go too... if you'd like.
Misaki: Hmm... somewhere I want to go, huh...
Misaki: Well... I haven’t been to the craft store in a while, so I guess I’d kind of like to go there...
Kaoru: Then the craft store shall be our first stop.
Kanon: Yeah! Let’s go, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Ah, sure...
Misaki: ...?


<Hello Stroll Pt. 2>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall - Craft Store]

Kaoru: Here we are at the craft store. Misaki, Kanon, don't be shy—go on in.
Misaki: Uh, Kaoru-san, it's not like it's your store... Let's see, I think this section is...
Kanon: Ah, so this is the wool felt corner. Misaki-chan, is there something you're looking for?
Misaki: Hmm... I guess I’ll get some colors I’m running low on first...
Misaki: Oh. I think I’ll get this kit too...
Kanon: A cat kit, huh? Oh, that Scottish Fold one is really cute.
Kaoru: Yeah, those droopy ears are just so adorable.
Misaki: Realistic animal wool felting like this can be kind of tough to make... But lately I’ve been thinking I might want to challenge myself with stuff like that.
Kaoru: I think it’s a great idea. You’d definitely make a charming little kitty.
Kanon: Yeah! I think so too.
Misaki: Well~... But I’m not sure... I have a feeling it’s going to be harder than I imagined once I start...
Misaki: But... well, I’m here anyway, so I guess I’ll buy it.
Misaki: ...Oh, right. There were a few other kits I was interested in... Is it okay if I look a bit more?
Kanon: Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Fufu. I’m glad you got to buy so much, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Ahaha... I kept seeing things I wanted, one after another. Sorry for making you two wait.
Kanon: Don’t worry about it! Seeing you enjoy yourself made me happy too.
Kaoru: Indeed. If the princess is happy, then I am happy. If you had fun, that's what matters most.
Misaki: Thank you. Well then, should we get to Kanon-san’s shopping now...?
Kaoru: Before that, since it’s the perfect time, how about grabbing lunch first?
Misaki: Ah... yeah, that sounds good. What do you think, Kanon-san?
Kanon: I’m fine with that. I was starting to get hungry too.
Kanon: ...
Kaoru: So then, what shall we eat? Misaki, do you have anything in mind?
Misaki: Me? I’m good with anything.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, you don’t have to hold back. If there’s something you want to eat, just say it, okay?
Misaki: Uhh... I really am fine with anything...
Kanon: U-Um... then how about... is there anywhere around here you want to go?
Kaoru: Japanese, Western, Chinese, and more exotic choices... The restaurants in this area offer all sorts of delights. Tell us what cuisine calls to you.
Misaki: ...?
Misaki: Well, if you’re going that far... There is a place nearby I’ve been kind of wanting to try...
Kaoru: Then it’s settled.
Kanon: Yep. Misaki-chan, can you lead the way?
Misaki: Sure thing.
Misaki: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Kanon: Ah... look at the time. I should get going before Chisato-chan starts to worry.
Kaoru: Moments of joy are ever so fleeting. They pass by in the blink of an eye.
Kanon: Fufu, they really do. But I had a great time today, going to all sorts of places. Thanks for coming with me, Misaki-chan, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: No need to thank me. I had a wonderful day too.
Misaki: ...Um~
Kaoru: What is it, Misaki?
Misaki: This might be kind of embarrassing if I’m wrong... but was this outing today... maybe for my sake?
Kanon: Eh!? Ah... well, um...
Kaoru: Fufu, not even our flawless performance could deceive Misaki’s sharp intuition.
Misaki: I mean, Kanon-san was a little more assertive than usual, so I had a feeling...
Kanon: R-Really...?
Misaki: But why go to all that trouble?
Kaoru: You looked pretty tired during the last Hello, Happy World! meeting. We just wanted to help you recharge a little.
Kanon: Yeah. You're always doing your best—whether it’s for Hello, Happy World! or student council...
Kanon: So... I just thought it’d be nice for you to have some time to put yourself first.
Misaki: ...
Kanon: Sorry if it felt like we were meddling. I wanted to be more subtle about it, but...
Misaki: Ah, no, not at all... I was really happy, actually.
Misaki: And honestly... I kind of started to realize it around lunchtime...
Misaki: So if you really were doing all this for me... I figured I might as well lean into it and let myself enjoy it...
Kanon & Kaoru: Misaki-chan... Misaki...
Misaki: It’s because it was the three of us that I was able to relax more than usual... I think... So um...
Misaki: ...If it’s okay with you two, I’d love to go out like this again sometime.
Kaoru: Of course it’s okay. If it’s what you want, we’ll go wherever you like.
Kanon: Yeah! Let’s go out together again.
Misaki: Oh. But next time, you two have to let me tag along to wherever you want to go too, okay?
(White cut)
(Background change)
