2142_Misaki Okusawa_R5 Smiles on the Monitor

Gacha phrase: ...Fufu. What are they even doing?

<A Request for You!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: Okay, great work everyone~ I’ve brought over all the comments and requests from the last Hello, Happy Channel stream~.
Hagumi: Whoa~! We got this many requests!?
Kokoro: Fufu, that just means lots of people enjoyed it. The Hello, Happy Channel request special is a big success!
Kaoru: Ah, I never imagined so many would be looking forward to Hello, Happy Channel... My heart races with the fleeting beauty of it all.
Kanon: It must’ve taken a lot of work to sort all of these, huh? Thanks, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Oh, it’s fine. I’m used to putting together surveys and stuff from student council duties.
Misaki: So, these are requests for all of Hello, Happy World!, and these are the ones for each of us individually.
Kaoru: Let’s see, my request says... “I want you to do a livestream in costume.” Fufu, what a creative little kitten.
Kokoro: There’s even a request for all of Hello, Happy World! to do a pajama party stream! That sounds super fun!!
Kanon: Oh, someone sent one for me too...! “Please do a stream from an aquarium and talk about jellyfish.” Fufu, I’m so happy.
Hagumi: This one says they want us to stream while playing games together! Wow, these are all such fun ideas!
Misaki: Yeah, we’ve already decided to do another request special, so let’s pick something from this list we can do next.
Hagumi: Ah, wait a second!
Hagumi: Hey hey, Mii-kun! I wanna send in a request too!
Misaki: Huh? Um... you mean you want to make a request for something you want everyone in Hello, Happy World! to do?
Hagumi: Yeah yeah! I’ve been thinking about things I’d love to do together with everyone!
Kokoro: Wow, that’s wonderful! I’d love to hear your request, Hagumi!
Kaoru: Then let me join too. Will you take a request from this Kaoru Seta as well?
Kanon: Um... so you mean we’re making requests for Hello, Happy World! from each other...?
Kanon: In that case, I wanna try too.
Misaki: Geez, even Kanon-san...
Hagumi: Yay~! You’ll write a request too, right, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Wait, me too?
Kokoro: Then let’s all write requests for each other!
Misaki: Geez... oh well. How about we each write it on paper and then share them?
Hagumi: Yeah yeah, that sounds great! Yay~ What should I ask for~!?
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Misaki: Everyone done writing?
Kokoro, Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Yes~.
Misaki: Okay... who wants to go first?
Kaoru: Then allow me to go first. My request to the members of Hello, Happy World! is...
Kaoru: “Please stay as fleetingly beautiful as you are, forever.”
Kaoru: That is the one and only thing I wish from you all.
Misaki: Uh... that’s not really a request, is it...?
Kanon: Still, that’s just so like you, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu, that’s all I ask of everyone—stay healthy, full of life,  and beautifully fleeting. That alone is enough.
Hagumi: Hey, hey~! Me next! Okay, my request is~...
Hagumi: “I hope everyone has lots and lots of fun things happen to them!”
Misaki: That’s... also not really a request...
Kokoro: Wow! That’s a super lovely request, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Ehehe, thanks! Okay, now it’s Kano-chan-senpai’s turn!
Kanon: Ah, y-yeah...! My request is...
Kanon: “I hope everyone stays safe and healthy.”
Misaki: Ah... I’m starting to see where this is going...
Misaki: Alright, your turn, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Ufufu! My request is this!
Kokoro: “Everyone, make sure to always wear your biggest, brightest smile!”
Misaki: Haha, I knew it.
Hagumi: Ahaha! Everyone’s request is kinda the same, huh!
Kaoru: Indeed, our hearts are one... how fleeting...!
Hagumi: Hey hey, Mii-kun, what did you write?
Misaki: Eh!? M-Me...? I, uh...
Misaki: I didn’t think everyone would write that kind of thing... I even teased Kaoru-san for hers...
Misaki: Sigh... my request is... this.
Hagumi: Let’s see... “Everyone, don’t ever change”...?
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Hagumi: Yay~! Mii-kun wrote the same kind of thing as us~!
Kaoru: Yeah, she really did.
Misaki: A-ahaha... I guess I did, huh...
Kokoro: Oh right! We need to hear from Michelle too! I wonder what kind of request she’ll make?
Misaki: Ah, Michelle, right. Hmm, I wonder what Michelle would write...
Misaki: (If I had Michelle write a request to everyone...)
Misaki: (Yeah, I bet... it’d go something like this.)
Michelle (Misaki): “I hope all the people Michelle loves stay best friends forever!”


<Seeing You, Knowing Me>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew, I’m stuffed! That lunch spot was a great pick.
Misaki: ...Huh? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Oh, Misaki-chan! Hey there.
Misaki: Hello. Were you two on lunch break?
Marina: Yeah, we just finished lunch over there. Are you off to do Hello, Happy World! stuff now?
Misaki: Yes, we're gathering at Kokoro’s house to prep for the next Hello, Happy Channel stream.
Marina: You guys have been doing a lot of streaming lately. We watched the last Hello, Happy Channel too.
Misaki: Oh, you did? Thanks so much.
Marina: Yeah! We were actually thinking about sending in a request of our own.
Misaki: Ahaha, please do. We’d be really excited to get one from you two.
Marina: Still, Hello, Happy World! always comes up with such fun ideas. That aurora stream really caught us off guard.
Misaki: Man~, I was surprised too.
Misaki: One minute I was being dragged onto Kokoro’s private jet, and the next I was in some snowy field staring at the northern lights...
Marina: Fufu, yeah, I’d be shocked too. But it turned out to be a really lovely stream.
Misaki: Yeah, it really was. And we even pulled off the request to perform on a big stage.
Marina: Ah, so that was to answer a request.
Marina: Only Kokoro-chan would hear “big stage” and think “under the aurora.” That’s so like her.
Misaki: Seriously... There’s no way I’d have come up with an idea like that.
Misaki: I wasn’t sure how it’d turn out at first, but people seemed to really enjoy it. I think it ended up feeling just like Hello, Happy World!
Marina: Yeah, yeah. Hello, Happy Channel always makes everyone smile. It’s such a feel-good show.
Marina: That stream was really great. Kaoru-san’s intro monologue was beautiful, too...
Misaki: It was. She really set the tone... Just as expected of Kaoru-san.
Misaki: Normally she’s goofing around with Hello, Happy World!, but watching her again like that... it really reminded me how amazing she is.
Marina: Totally. But I think it’s just as lovely that you’re someone who can see that in others, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Y-you think so...? Thanks. I’ll take that as a compliment.
Misaki: Oh, sorry for chatting so long. I should get going.
Marina: Sorry for holding you up. See you around, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Yes, see you later, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: ...Fufu. Misaki-chan looked like she was having so much fun talking about Hello, Happy Channel.
Marina: Kaoru-san looked the same too. I’m really looking forward to what’s next for Misaki-chan and all of Hello, Happy World!.
