2269_Misaki Okusawa_R4 A Prayer Passed Down

Gacha phrase: Hagumi’s dad...

<At the End of the Chosen Path>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Kanon: ...I was really hoping we’d find a way for Hagumi-chan and her dad to make up...
Misaki: Yeah... Looks like it won’t be resolved so easily... Even though it’s clear her dad cares about her...
Kaoru: Hagumi’s dad loves her so much that he can’t help but worry—that’s all it is.
Misaki: I mean, I get where he’s coming from too, but...
Misaki: (...No. I’m not really in a position to talk. I did the same thing back then...)
Kanon: I hope Hagumi-chan and her dad can make up soon.
Kaoru: Fufu, I’m sure they will. There’s no way a parent and child who care that much about each other can’t make up.
Kaoru: Don’t you agree, Misaki?
Misaki: ......
Kanon: ...? Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Huh?
Kanon: You spaced out all of a sudden. Did something come to mind?
Misaki: Ah, no... Sorry, I was just daydreaming.
Kaoru: Really? Are you feeling okay...?
Misaki: N-no, I’m fine, really...
Kanon: Then... did something happen...?
Misaki: Well... if I’m being honest, I was just remembering something from a while ago...
Kanon: Something from the past...? Misaki-chan, do you mean...
Misaki: Yeah, back when I fought with my parents and ran away from home... Thanks for letting me stay back then, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu, no need for thanks now. That was a fleeting night of revelry—short, but beautiful.
Misaki: Haha... Hearing that kind of helps...
Misaki: ...You know, Hagumi made the choice to live on her own so she could clash with her dad properly and prove herself.
Misaki: But me... I just threw a tantrum and stormed out. And I didn’t even have the courage to actually live on my own, like she did...
Misaki: It was all so half-baked. Thinking about it now makes me feel kinda embarrassed.
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Ah... S-sorry, that came out weird! We should be thinking about Hagumi right now, not me.
Kaoru: ...Heh.
Kanon: Kaoru-san? What is it...?
Kaoru: No, I was just remembering that fleeting night too.
Kaoru: Looking back, the choice you made back then... it wasn’t half-baked or something to be ashamed of.
Misaki: Huh...? You think so? I mean, I don’t know about that...
Kaoru: Whatever you think now, that choice was what your past self needed in that moment.
Misaki: What I needed back then...?
Kaoru: Exactly. We always make the best choices we can at the time. Life is just a series of those choices and decisions.
Kaoru: So whatever you chose back then, I believe it was the best choice for who you were at that moment. There’s nothing to be ashamed of.
Misaki: The best choice I could’ve made, huh...
Kanon: Yeah. I think I get what Kaoru-san means.
Kanon: And you managed to apologize properly in the end, didn’t you? That’s not easy to do, especially after a fight.
Misaki: Huh... Hearing that from you is kind of surprising, honestly...
Kanon: Is it? I’ve had times where I couldn’t apologize well after a fight too, you know?
Misaki: I see... So even you’ve gone through that, Kanon-san...
Kanon: Fufu, yep. That’s why I think you made the best choice you could at the time.
Kanon: And maybe it’s because of that experience that you’re able to understand how Hagumi-chan feels right now.
Kaoru: Exactly. Thanks to the choices you made back then, you’ve become who you are now.
Misaki: Haha... you think so? Well, if you say so, then I guess it’s fine.
Kanon: ...Oh, right. I have an idea...
Kanon: If you’re still thinking about what happened back then, how about doing something with that experience going forward?
Misaki: Doing something? What do you mean by that...?
Kanon: Like, maybe talk to your parents again about what you’re thinking now...?
Misaki: I see... Doing something now because of the choice I made back then... Something like that?
Kanon: Yeah. What do you think...?
Misaki: Talking with my parents again about back then... feels a little embarrassing...
Misaki: But... maybe I’ll give it a shot...?
Kaoru: Yeah. I’m sure you’ll make the best choice and have the best outcome.
Kanon: I think so too. You can do it, Misaki-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Later That Night]

[Okusawa Residence - Misaki's Room]

Misaki: (...Talking to my parents again about what I think now, huh...)
Misaki: (Kaoru-san and Kanon-san gave me a push, but apologizing for something after all this time still feels kinda awkward...)
Misaki: (But even so...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kaoru: Yeah. I’m sure you’ll make the best choice and have the best outcome.
Kanon: I think so too. You can do it, Misaki-chan!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Misaki: ...Alright!
Misaki: Um...! Hey, do you have a minute? There’s something I want to talk about...
(White cut)
(Background change)


<So We Can Laugh About It Someday>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Thanks for coming shopping with me today. I’ve been looking forever for this back issue of the music magazine. It has a report on a live show I couldn’t attend...
Misaki: Huh? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Oh, Misaki-chan! Hello!
Misaki: Hello. Are you out shopping for CiRCLE?
Marina: Nope, this one’s just for me. You out shopping too, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yeah, just running an errand for my parents. I’m all done now, heading home.
Marina: I see. That’s really good of you, helping out at home.
Misaki: Uh... well... th-thank you...
Marina: Hm? Something wrong?
Misaki: Ah, no, it’s just...
Misaki: ...Marina-san, do you remember? Back when I kinda... ran away from home for a bit?
Marina: Oh yeah, I remember that. You stayed at Kaoru-san’s place with the rest of Hello, Happy World!, right?
Misaki: Ah, yeah, that’s the one. And actually, something kind of similar happened recently...
Marina: Ah. You mean with Hagumi-chan...?
Misaki: Oh, so you already heard about that. That’s good, then.
Marina: Yeah, she told me herself the other day. Said she ran away from home and stayed at Kokoro-chan’s place?
Misaki: Yeah, that’s right. And it made me think back to my own situation...
Marina: Still, it seems like what happened with you and what happened with Hagumi-chan are totally different...
Misaki: That’s true, but... when I had my fight with my parents, I couldn’t do anything on my own. I didn’t even have the courage to actually leave, and Kaoru-san had to help me...
Misaki: Compared to that, even though Hagumi ran to Kokoro’s place, she decided she wanted to try living on her own...
Misaki: And she actually did it, all on her own... I just thought that was really amazing.
Marina: Yeah, Hagumi-chan’s pretty incredible with how proactive she is.
Marina: But you know, I think what you did back then was great too, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Huh?
Marina: I mean, you sorted out your feelings and apologized to your parents, right?
Misaki: Well... that was only thanks to everyone in Hello, Happy World! and Kaoru-san helping me...
Marina: Even so, the fact is—you did it. That’s why I think you’re amazing, Misaki-chan. You should be proud.
Misaki: That’s almost exactly what Kanon-san said, too...
Misaki: Thank you, Marina-san.
Marina: No need to thank me.
Misaki: Oh? A message from my parents... Let’s see... Wait, they want milk too? Why didn’t they say that earlier—geez~.
Misaki: Sorry, I just got asked to run another errand... I’ve got to head back to the shop, so I’ll be going now.
Marina: Fufu, see you later, Misaki-chan! Good luck with the errand!
Misaki: Thank you very much. I’ll be off, then!
