event184-02 Chapter 1: A Photo Shoot Day in Between

Harumi has been posting about Roselia's activities. There are many comments.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Three Weeks Before Roselia's Debut Show]

[Photo Studio]

Ako: Yukina-san, Yukina-san! Rin-rin and the others look so cool!
Yukina: Ako, you need to be quiet while they're having their photos taken. You will distract them.
Ako: S-sorry.
Harumi: You know, you all seem to be more comfortable with the photo shoots this time around.
Harumi: Your photos have always been good, but lately, they look even better. I think we'll have a really nice poster this time.
Ako: Really?! Do I look cool in my pictures?!
Harumi: Yep. Yours are bursting with dark power!
Ako: Yes~! You know, Rin-rin and I thought up all these cool po-
Yukina: Ako.
Ako: Ohh, I'm sorry...
Harumi: Ah, look at the time. I need to get typing...
Ako: Harumi-san? What are you doing with that laptop?
Harumi: I'm going to post a new blog entry on the band's website. I have a lot to write about today!
Ako: Ah, right. It's almost three o'clock.
Yukina: I think you wrote a blog entry yesterday around the same time too...
Harumi: I post new blog entries at the same time every day so the fans know when to look for them.
Ako: That's really important! NFO's event notifications come at the same time every day too.
Ako: I always have my phone out, ready to see what's new!
Yukina: Even writing a single blog entry seems to require a decent amount of preparation.
Harumi: Recently, comments start pouring in as soon as I make a post. Here... Look at yesterday's comments.
Ako: Wow~! Someone wrote, "Thank you for posting! I love seeing what the band is doing each day!"
Ako: This one says, "Only three weeks left. All I can think about every day is the debut show!"
Yukina: Many people have commented about how eager they are to see our show... Hrm?
Yukina: "I'm happy Roselia is getting their big break, but I'm worried their music might change. Not sure if I'll go to the show..."
Harumi: Ah, this is...
Yukina: It is nothing you need to worry about. I knew there would be people who felt this way.
Yukina: This means there is only one thing for us to do.
Yukina: Roselia will not change. We will prove that with our music.
Ako: And our first step to doing that will be our debut show, right?! Let's give it everything we've got!
Harumi: ... Right on! And I'll help calm any fears the fans might have and get them excited to come to the debut show!
Ako: Ah, it looks like Rin-rin and the others are finished! You guys did great~!
Yukina: For goodness sake. I told her not to be so loud.
Harumi: Fufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Photo Shoot]

[Record Shop]

Ako: Rin-rin, Harumi-san! I found it~! Come over here!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... you shouldn't shout in the store...
Ako: Look! It's Roselia's mini album! The sign says, "Debut Album From Today's Hottest New Band!"
Ako: This is a cool sign~. I know! Let's send a picture of this to Lisa-nee and the others.
Rinko: ...
Harumi: Shirokane-san?
Rinko: Ah, um... I just can't believe a store... really has our mini album...
Ako: ...? Why not? Harumi-san told us a while back that it would go on sale today.
Rinko: I know, but it still doesn't feel real... I've never experienced something like this before...
Harumi: Give it time to sink in. That's how it's been for other artists.
Harumi: Congratulations again on the release of your debut mini album!
Rinko: Thank you...
Ako: We talked a lot when we were deciding the order of the songs. Like, where to put "Sprechchor."
Rinko: That song... expresses Roselia's journey to the future... to where we are now... so we were all cautious about where to put it...
Rinko: But... Harumi-san, you suggested we put "Sprechchor" first...
Ako: That's right~! I remember exactly what you said!
Ako: "Some people will decide to go to your show because of this album, so I think the first song should tell people that Roselia is serious about its future!"
Harumi: Ngh, I was so fired up when I said that... But I'm glad it was helpful.
Ako: We've always decided everything on our own, but now I'm happy we can do it with the agency!
Ako: It feels like Roselia has leveled up with some new dark power, and now, we're stronger than ever!
Rinko: Yeah... It makes me feel more confident...
Ako: I hope people will listen to our mini album~.
Ako: And if they come to our debut show, that would be awesome~!
Harumi: Don't worry! People will come!
Ako: Ehehe. I sure hope so~.
