event184-05 Chapter 4: Final Check before the Show

Good news arrives after Roselia's rehearsal. What news could it be...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Dressing Room]

Lisa: Nice work, guys~. The was a good rehearsal.
Sayo: I think we were able to put to rest any concerns we had about tomorrow's show. This was time well spent.
Ako: Shige-san was so cool~. He was giving out orders left and right!
Rinko: He understood what the producer wanted right away... and made those changes to the stage...
Yukina: Thanks to that, we could concentrate on our rehearsal.
Yukina: Let's take what we have learned today and apply it to the show.
Ako: Yeah~! I wish it was tomorrow already~♪
Harumi: We should head out soon. All that is left is our final meeting at the agen-
Sayo: Harumi-san, your phone.
Harumi: You're right. Excuse me for a minute. Hi, this is Harumi.
Lisa: On the way back, maybe we should grab some snacks and drinks. Probably good to have some for the meeting, right?
Ako: Definitely~! I want orange juice!
Harumi: Are you serious?!
Rinko: Harumi-san...?
Harumi: Yes, yes! Thank you so much for letting me know! Goodbye.
Harumi: Th... Thank goodness~.
Ako: What happened? Was it something good?!
Harumi: Guys, congratulations! Tomorrow's show is sold out!
Lisa: Whoa~, that's amazing! We're off to a good start☆
Sayo: The number of people attending the show won't change how we perform. Still, it is something to be grateful for.
Ako: Fu, fu, fu. Many will bear witness to the emergence of the great demon princess, Ako...
Rinko: Fufu. Let's do our best...
Harumi: This is great news. Really great news... Sob...
Sayo: Harumi-san...?
Harumi: I-I'm sorry. I'm just so happy I started crying...
Harumi: I think this'll make it easier for me to ask my boss to try even more new things.
Yukina: I see. So ticket sales will influence what we as a band can do.
Harumi: Not entirely, but they're one thing that'll be factored in when making future decisions.
Harumi: The agency has to look at shows from a business point of view.
Lisa: True. They can't just put on our shows for the fun of it.
Harumi: Right. We need to have a good feel for what kind of potential a band might have.
Ako: So, does that mean we've shown them we have lots of potential?!
Harumi: You've shown them you have plenty! Your debut show sold out. That's huge. Not every artist can do that.
Harumi: But you girls did! This is going to open a lot of doors for you!
Sayo: Our show has not even started yet. Perhaps, you're speaking a little prematurely.
Rinko: You won't know for sure... until after you have seen tomorrow's show...
Harumi: My mind is already made up! I know you all are going to rock the house tomorrow. It's a Roselia show!
Lisa: Fufu. You've got a lotta faith in us. But I'm sure happy to hear it.
Yukina: Yes. We will not disappoint.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Harumi: All right. The final blog post before tomorrow's show is up.
Harumi: ... Ah, people are commenting already.
Harumi: "I was waiting for this! Lately, I've been checking this blog every day. I'm so excited for the debut show!"
Harumi: "I'm happy I got to see Roselia practicing... I was worried their music might change, but they sound the same. I'm sure the show will be great now~."
Harumi: "I discovered Roselia through this blog, and then I bought their mini album! It's amazing! I'm going to tomorrow's show!"
Harumi: ...
Ako: Harumi-san, we're back! And we bought tons of drinks and snacks~!
Harumi: Thank you! All right, then, let's start our final meeting.
Ako: Okay!
