event184-07 Ending: Full House!

Roselia is feeling the show's lingering energy when an excited Harumi appears!

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After Roselia's Debut Show]

[Dressing Room]

Ako: Mmm~, that was so much fun~!
Rinko: I was so into the performance... It felt like it ended so quickly...
Yukina: We gave everything we could out on that stage. It was a good show.
Sayo: You are still not satisfied, though, are you?
Yukina: Of course not. We can still climb higher. If we couldn't, then reaching the top truly would be nothing but a dream.
Lisa: ...
Ako: Lisa-nee?
Lisa: Those spotlights were pretty bright, huh?
Ako: You think so? I wish they had been brighter!
Lisa: Fufu. Me too.
Lisa: I wanted them to be brighter so they could've made us shine even more.
Lisa: I keep thinking about just how happy I am to have been able to play on that stage.
Ako: I can't wait to play our next show~.
Ako: I want to play more music on the stage that everyone worked so hard to make for us!
Lisa: I know, right? I wanna look out from the stage as a major artist again... No, as many times as I can.
Ako: Yeah!
Harumi: Great job, everyone!
Ako: Harumi-san!
Harumi: I knew you'd put on a good show, but your performance blew away all my expectations!
Harumi: You guys are really special... Roselia just took its first big step in a new direction, and I was there to see it!
Yukina: Thank you. I, too, believe we have shown our commitment to performing more on this stage.
Lisa: Fufu. It's kinda weird to hear someone say such good things about us.
Harumi: But it's true. My boss was really moved by your performance. They said it was wonderful.
Rinko: Did they really...?
Harumi: They sure did! And they were excited to see the show too!
Harumi: They wanted to tell you in person, but something urgent came up that they had to take care of...
Sayo: Oh. Next time we meet, we will have to thank them.
Ako: Harumi-san! We want to play another show as soon as possible!
Harumi: I want you all to play again soon too! That's why we've decided to move forward with what we've been talking about!
Yukina: Which is what exactly?
Harumi: Doing a nationwide tour!
Ako & Lisa: A nationwide tour?!
Harumi: I've been trying to get my boss on board with it for while! I told them that I'd like more people to hear Roselia's music!
Sayo: You proposed something like that for us...?
Ako: Whoa~! Rin-rin! We're going on tour! We're going on tour~!
Rinko: Us? Really...?
Harumi: It hasn't all been finalized yet, though. There's still a lot of organizing to do.
Harumi: I was hoping to go through the details with you when we have the chance.
Yukina: That would be an interesting option for us.
Sayo: Yes. In order to reach the top, I think it is necessary for us to perform on a variety of stages.
Lisa: I didn't think we'd be talking about playing our next show so soon.
Rinko: We need to think about this carefully...
Ako: We'll be fine!
Lisa: Wow. No hesitation, huh~?
Ako: Roselia is cool. No matter what happens, that's never, ever gonna change.
Yukina: ... Yes. If we accomplish what we set out to do, then the path we walk will become a path of blue roses.
Sayo: We will travel that path with many professionals... So we must act with even more resolve.
Lisa: We're gonna have to be responsible like professionals, too.
Ako: Mmm~, this is so exciting!
Yukina: It's time, everyone. The blue roses are ready to bloom.
Ako: Yeah~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
