event184-01 Opening: One Month till the Show!

The debut show is in one month. What is the agency doing to promote it?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day Before Roselia's Debut Show]

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Harumi: (I can't believe it's already been a month since I started Roselia's blog. Fufu. So much has happened...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Month Before Roselia's Debut Show]

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Harumi: Hi, everyone! Here's your schedule leading up to the debut show!
Lisa: Whoa~, this schedule is insane. We're gonna be super busy until the show.
Rinko: We have so many press releases and interviews with news websites... Bands need to do a lot of interviews, don't they...?
Harumi: When there's only a month left until a show, artists become just as busy promoting as they are with rehearsing.
Harumi: The agency wants to do everything it can to create buzz for Roselia's debut show!
Ako: Ah, Rin-rin! We're gonna have photo shoots for posters and flyers too!
Rinko: I wonder if I'll be okay... I'm not very good at those...
Ako: Don't worry! We can think of some cool poses together!
Sayo: What is this "Start blog on website" about...?
Yukina: A website? What website would that be?
Lisa: Our website. Jeez~, I told you that the agency made one for us, remember?
Yukina: ... Right, you may have mentioned that.
Ako: Harumi-san, what's happening with Roselia's website?
Harumi: Well, actually... Here, look at this!
Sayo: Is that... a video camera?
Harumi: Starting today, I'm going to record you while you're working and rehearsing. Then, I'll upload the videos to your website.
Lisa: Every day?! Do you really need to do it that much?
Harumi: We need to share content like that every day to get people excited for the show!
Harumi: The blog and the videos will let fans experience what you're feeling as you prepare for the big day, you see.
Yukina: If it's necessary for the show, then I'm not opposed to it.
Lisa: Is there anything we should be doing?
Harumi: Just be yourselves! And I'll be sure to capture that on video!
Yukina: Did you hear that, Ako?
Ako: Hear what?
Yukina: Knowing you, you are likely to be thinking about the camera during rehearsals... Am I wrong?
Lisa: True~. I can hear her now, like, "Guys, I just came up with a cool arrangement!"
Sayo: Udagawa-san, it is fine to be enthusiastic, but please do not add any new arrangements that could cause trouble for our songs.
Ako: Jeez~, I never do that! ... Hardly.
Lisa: But wow, only one month left until the show~. It kinda crept up on us, huh?
Rinko: Well... we have been busy preparing for the show every day...
Lisa: So much has happened. Recording the mini album was a ton of work~.
Sayo: It also overlapped with preparations for the "CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!"
Ako: And Yukina-san did the recording all in one take! She was super-mega-ultra cool!
Ako: She was like a Dark Archer defeating a great evil dragon with a single arrow to the heart!
Yukina: I do not understand your analogy, but at the time, I felt as if I could focus much more effectively than usual.
Lisa: Yeah. With so much happening at once, we handled things pretty well.
Lisa: The thirty-five-person concert sure was out of this world! What an awesome experience!
Rinko: It was all thanks to Harumi-san and the others from the agency for letting us perform...
Sayo: We are grateful that the agency agreed to let us continue performing regularly at CiRCLE.
Harumi: When you said it was one of Roselia's starting points, we could tell how passionate you were about the place... After hearing that, there was no way we could say no.
Ako: Oh, and it was fun choosing a concept for our debut show!
Ako: It was really exciting doing it with so many people from the agency!
Rinko: I was happy that everyone respected our opinions...
Ako: Yeah, yeah! It felt like we were all coming up with ideas together!
Lisa: And you were super into it, weren't you, Sayo?
Sayo: Was I?
Yukina: Didn't you take notes of every single thing that was said during the meeting?
Sayo: A show's concept is important. It determines the feel of the show. Naturally, we have to take good notes.
Lisa: Ahaha. Good point. And because of that, we came up with the concept-
Ako: "A New Journey"! Right?!
Yukina: This show will mark Roselia's first step into the major music industry... So let's make sure everyone hears us.
Ako: Mmm~! I wanna practice already!
Lisa: We can use the agency's studio after this, right?
Harumi: Yeah! You should be able to use it in about ten minutes.
Yukina: Then let's head there now. We are going to do everything we can to ensure the success of our debut show.
