event184-03 Chapter 2: Their Attitude toward Music

Harumi tells Roselia she wants them to be able to focus. How will they respond?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Two Weeks Until Roselia's Debut Show]

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Lisa: Mmm~, I gave 110% again today~. Days like this make you wanna do something special for yourself.
Sayo: Imai-san, didn't you say that yesterday too?
Yukina: She did. And she treated herself to some sweets from the convenience store.
Lisa: Rehearsals are important but so is rewarding yourself. Right, Harumi-san?
Harumi: Fufu. That's right. It's important to give yourself a break.
Lisa: See?! So, you guys wanna hit up the convenience store?
Sayo: I guess I wouldn't mind...
Harumi: Your rehearsals really are amazing.
Harumi: I've watched you practice many times, but you always get done what you need to. It's incredible.
Lisa: Really? That's how we look, huh? That's kinda nice to hear.
Yukina: Making improvements before a show is only natural. It would be unthinkable to perform without doing so.
Harumi: I feel like what you said really sums up how incredible Roselia is!
Lisa: Uh-oh, I think the bar for our debut show just went up a notch...
Harumi: What?! That's not what I... I-I'm sorry.
Lisa: Ahaha. I'm just teasing you.
Sayo: By the way, doesn't it seem like more people are coming to watch our rehearsals lately?
Lisa: It does. Just until recently, it was only Harumi-san. But today, people from PR and product development were there too.
Harumi: It's important for them to hear you play live so they can come up with PR and merchandise ideas.
Lisa: Oh~, I think I get what you're saying. Maybe it's like listening to music to come up with lyrics.
Harumi: It's how our agency works. The artists and the agency staff work together to bring the show to life.
Harumi: But I'm sure there will be days when you want to focus more on rehearsals. If you're ever feeling that way, just let me know.
Sayo: Thank you for your concern. I do not think we would ever be so easily distracted, though.
Lisa: We've had others watch us rehearse before.
Yukina: And since the agency staff is preparing everything else for the show, we can devote ourselves to rehearsals.
Lisa: For our shows up until now, the two weeks leading up to them were pretty hectic with all the meetings and stuff~.
Lisa: I can't even begin to thank everybody at the agency enough for helping us with all that.
Lisa: It actually makes me wonder if we should be helping out more.
Harumi: Don't worry about it. Everybody at the agency wants to help promote your show.
Harumi: Until it's time for the big day, ideally, we want our musicians to be free to focus on their performance...
Sayo: It's fine. This is our show.
Lisa: Yeah. If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask us.
Sayo: Harumi-san, Minato-san just said this, but the agency has provided us with an environment where we can fully focus on our performance.
Yukina: I know that you are constantly revising our schedules so we have time for rehearsals every day.
Yukina: We are very satisfied with what you have been doing for us.
Yukina: Actually, I am more concerned with making sure we give an unforgettable performance for our debut show.
Harumi: Guys...
Harumi: Can I write about this on your website? It would make for a great post, and show fans how much you care for your staff...!
Sayo: That is fine with me...
Lisa: It's a little embarrassing, but I'm cool with it. How about you, Yukina?
Yukina: It's to promote the show, right? Then I do not mind.
Harumi: Thank you!
Lisa: All this talking is making me hungry.
Harumi: Ah, there's a convenience store over there!
Lisa: You're right! Alrighty then~! I'm gonna buy a ton of sweets~.
Lisa: C'mon, guys. Let's go☆
Yukina: Lisa, don't push me.
Lisa: Less talk, more walk♪ Sayo, Harumi-san, pick up the pace~
Sayo: Goodness... You'll cause trouble for everyone if you start running.
