event184-04 Chapter 3: Upcoming Show, Feelings United

Ako and the girls see their debut show's stage being set up. What do they feel?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[One Day Before Roselia's Debut Show]

[Event Hall]

Lisa: It feels like we haven't been here in a while either. This is where we first played "Sprechchor"...
Sayo: If it weren't for that show the agency held, we wouldn't be standing here right now.
Ako: I remember that show like it was yesterday!
Ako: The sofa in the waiting room was so comfy! It was so relaxing!
Sayo: That's what you remember the most...?
Yukina: That show opened the door for us to become major recording artists. And tomorrow, we will walk through it.
Rinko: I wonder... what kind of world will be waiting for us on the other side... I can't wait to see...
Lisa: Hey, you think they're just starting to set everything up now? I don't see many of our staff here...
Harumi: According to the schedule, additional equipment should be arriving soon.
Yukina: Hrm? I can hear people near the entrance...
Staff: The extra equipment is here~!
Ako: Whoa! There are so many people!
Lisa: Things got busy in here real quick. Harumi-san, is it okay if we look around a little longer?
Ako: I want to get closer to the stage!
Harumi: Okay, let's go over there.
(Black cut)

[Twenty Minutes Later]

Lisa: This is incredible! I'm starting to get that feeling I have right before a show starts.
Sayo: I feel it too. There is a certain beauty in how the staff is arranging the equipment.
Harumi: These guys are pros at setting up equipment. You have nothing to worry about for tomorrow's show.
Young Event Staff: Good morning~! You girls are Roselia, right?
Lisa: Yeah...
Young Event Staff: I'm helping set up the equipment! I really loved your mini album. I told all my friends about it!
Young Event Staff: Leave the setup to us! We'll do our best to make sure your debut show is a hit~!
Lisa: Thank you!
Lisa: Fufu. It feels good to hear someone say that.
Ako: So... everyone's doing this for us...
Ako: This is the coolest thing ever! Rin-rin, isn't this the coolest thing ever?!
Rinko: Ako-chan...? What's gotten into you...?
Ako: Tomorrow's show is just for us! This stage is just for us!
Lisa: We've played a lot of shows up until now, but we've hardly ever had the stage all to ourselves.
Yukina: That is how it has been aside from when we've played sponsored shows.
Lisa: But not tomorrow. This stage is being prepared just for us. I wonder how things will look once we're standing up there.
Yukina: That is something we will find out tomorrow.
Lisa: Fufu. Sure is.
Staff: What?! The equipment needs to be moved around?!
Rinko: ...? I wonder what's going on...
Stage Director: I was asked by the producer to make the stage look even wider from the seating area.
Stage Director: The show's concept is "A New Journey," so the producer wants the stage to look like it's opening up to the band's future. Now, how to rearrange things...
Ako: I-Is everything going to be all right...?
Harumi: I'll go and check. Please wait here...!
(Black cut)
Lisa: Ah, she's back. Harumi-san, how are things?
Harumi: Seems like they need to move the speakers a little, but that should give you more space to perform. The stage director and the producer are talking again.
Sayo: They are working very quickly...
Ako: Yeah, they're moving fast! It's like they're using magic!
Rinko: ... Ah, that person is...
Stage Director: Okay, face the decorations that way. If anything else comes up, let me know.
Harumi: I think they're done talking. Shige-san, hi!
Stage Director: Hey~, Harumi-chan. You look good~.
Sayo: Do you know each other?
Harumi: Shige-san has worked with our agency for a long time. He's helped a lot on our past shows.
Harumi: He's even helped create stages for Mira-san.
Ako: The Mira-san?! No way~!
Stage Director: Thanks. I can hardly believe it myself. I never thought I'd be doing this job for as long as I have.
Lisa: Really? You definitely give off strong "stage director" vibes...
Stage Director: I never planned to be one. I happened to do this part-time once when I was young, and before I knew it, I'd ended up making a career out of it.
Sayo: I see... So it was not your dream to become a stage director.
Sayo: I assumed that you were continuing this work because there were still things you hoped to achieve.
Stage Director: Isn't that how work is, though? If you leave, you wind up making things hard for others, right?
Stage Director: I just do what I can. And doing that has gotten me to where I am now.
Yukina: ...
Stage Director: Say, are you all new staff from Harumi-chan's agency?
Harumi: Shige-san... these girls are the ones who are going to perform on this stage.
Ako: We're Roselia! It's nice to meet you!
Stage Director: Sorry about that. So you're the performers, huh? Nice to meet you. We'll have everything ready on time. Hope your rehearsal goes well.
Lisa: ... All kinds of people work on shows, don't they?
Harumi: S-sorry about that. Shige-san has always been that way... But don't worry, he's great at what he does!
Yukina: I do not doubt that. When a problem arose, he handled it calmly.
Yukina: I think many years of doing this kind of work have made him very experienced. I trust him to get the job done.
Ako: He seems like a master stage director!
Rinko: Um... We should get ready for rehearsal...
Harumi: Ah, yes. Let's go to the waiting room.
