event184-06 Chapter 5: A Big First Step!

Roselia's debut show. The girls get on stage, aware they're now professionals.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day Of Roselia's Debut Show]

[Dressing Room]

Yukina: ...
Sayo & Rinko: ...
Ako: I'm back~!
Rinko: Hi, Ako-chan... How's the venue look...?
Ako: It's packed! And there's excitement in the air, like a bunch of dark power is about to explode all over the place!
Lisa: It was really noisy. I think people are anxious for the show to start...
Sayo: That just shows how anticipated our debut show is.
Harumi: Your social media is full of people talking about how excited they are for the show.
Yukina: We are aiming for the top of music. Performing as major artists will give us the crucial experience we need to achieve that.
Yukina: It is precisely because we have chosen this path that we are about to perform on a new stage today.
Lisa: This is gonna be a huge step forward for Roselia. And there are tons of people here to see us take that step.
Ako: I want both our new and old fans to think, "Wow, Roselia is so cool!"
Yukina: Yes, but we do not need to do anything extra.
Lisa: Right. I thought the same thing when we were watching the venue get set up yesterday.
Sayo: That time was very meaningful. We have rarely had the opportunity to speak to the staff so candidly.
Rinko: I like music... That is... one of the reasons... why I continue to play shows...
Rinko: But... I was surprised to hear... that one of the staff members has kept on working... without having a reason like that...
Rinko: And still... they always give their all when they work... I think that's amazing...
Sayo: Yes. I wonder if that is something I could do too.
Yukina: There is no need to mimic others. Everyone has their own reasons for doing what they do.
Yukina: What is important is to do your job responsibly and complete your tasks regardless of the situation.
Yukina: I could tell that every staff member at the venue felt that way.
Ako: They were all super cool! Like real professionals!
Harumi: The staff would be glad to hear you say that. Thank you.
Lisa: Hey, now. Don't talk like you're not included in that~.
Harumi: Huh?
Ako: Harumi-san, you're a professional too!
Sayo: We've been regularly checking the blog on our website.
Sayo: At first, some people were worried about our debut show, but now we hardly see any comments like that.
Rinko: And that's because... you continued to write about how we haven't changed, Harumi-san...
Lisa: There were a lot of people who decided to come to our show because they saw the videos of us rehearsing.
Yukina: During the poster photo shoot, you also said you would try to reassure fans and urge them to come to our debut show.
Ako: "The staff's job is to make sure the artists shine on stage!"
Ako: That's what you always say, and you mean it! You're the absolute coolest!
Harumi: You guys...
Yukina: Many people are responsible for creating this stage today...
Yukina: So when we stand on it, we have a responsibility to give the best performance we can.
Yukina: This may be our major debut show, but that does not mean we need to perform any differently.
Lisa: We'll be the same Roselia we've always been. What the audience thinks about us is totally up to them.
Ako: Yeah! Seeing the staff working so hard for us has got me super fired up!
Ako: I want to put on our best show ever today and make the whole stage erupt with the power of darkness!
Rinko: Ako-chan...!
Yukina: That is a given. No matter what stage we play on, we will always give the best show possible.
Ako: All right~! Let's do this~!
Harumi: It's almost time for the show to start! Please make your way to the stage!
Sayo: Okay. Minato-san?
Yukina: Yes, let's put on a show that will make all of the professionals supporting Roselia proud.
Yukina: Here we go. Our new journey is about to begin.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Event Hall]

Yukina: Greetings, we are Roselia.
Yukina: We hope you enjoy our first song...
(White cut)
(Background change)
