903_Toko Kirigaya_R1 Popular Girl

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Toko: Hey there! My name's Toko Kirigaya!
Toko: I'm the star of Tsukinomori, and don't you forget it!
Toko: I'm also Morfonica's guitarist, and I also design our outfits!
Toko: Don't you think my designs are super cool? I have to give it to myself for a job well done~!
Toko: I upload all kinds of photos to my social media, so go check them out, and gimme a follow while you're at it! That would rock♪
Toko: Other than that, I'm good at guessing what the next big thing's gonna be.
Toko: I get this feeling, you know~? Like, this is gonna hit it big!
Toko: Hm? You wanna know what the next big thing's gonna be?
Toko: Morfonica, of course! What else could it be?
Toko: I mean, I'm in Morfonica, and the other members are pretty interesting, too. There's no way it's not gonna be us, right?
Toko: So, yeah. Be sure to check us out~♪


<One Way or Another>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Toko: Hey there, {{userName}}-san!
Toko: I totally didn't expect to see you here!
Toko: Me? I'm waiting for Shiro!
Toko: She wants to check out some clothes, so I'm gonna take her to some of my favorite shops!
Toko: Hm? I look like I might know a lot of good places?
Toko: Well, yeah~. When you get to my level, you make sure to check out any new stores that pop up.
Toko: Ah, not just for clothes either! I check out new sweets, knick-knacks shops, and all sorts of other places, too!
Toko: You could say that being in the know of what's new is my personal policy.
Toko: You never know what's gonna hit it big next!
Toko: ... That's why I joined this band in the first place.
Toko: I mean, girls bands are the thing now. No way I wouldn't get in on the action!
Toko: At least, that used to be my reason. I'm super into it now though!
Toko: Just look at my fingers! I bet you've never seen so many bandages before!
Toko: Ah, don't people say something in these kinds of situations? Like the more injuries you have, the better, or something.
Toko: ... Oh yeah, that's it! Scars are like a badge of honor!
Toko: It sucks to have my hands look like this, but I don't mind if it's because of practice.
Toko: It totally shows how hard I've been practicing, don't you think? Really being into something is new to me, but it's actually not half bad!
Toko: Ah, I bet you're thinking I'm actually pretty amazing, aren't you~?
Toko: Ahaha, no need to be shy! I thrive on praise!
Toko: ... Oh, Shiro's messaging me! Gotta run! See ya!
