908_Toko Kirigaya_R3 Behold My Masterpiece!

Gacha phrase: Ta-dah~! Well, what do you think of our brand new stage outfits?!

<Social Media Influencer>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Toko: Kurata, Futaba! Let's go to practice!
Mashiro: O-okay. Could you give me a moment to get ready?
Tsukushi: Hm? Is Hiromachi-san already with Yashio-san?
Toko: Yeah. They're already waiting for us at the front gate.
Mashiro: W-we need to hurry then... Yashio-san can be a bit scary when people are late...
Tsukushi: Ahaha...
Toko: ... Hold on a second. Could you guys come over here first? Futaba, hold this stick!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...?
Toko: All right guys, smile for the camera!
Mashiro: H-huh...?
Toko: Guys, your eyes were closed! One more photo! I'm uploading this to my social media, so try to look your best~.
Tsukushi: You can't just expect us to be ready on such short notice!
Toko: Really? You'd never catch me on camera looking anything less than my absolute best! I'm always ready!
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan, you're so amazing...
Tsukushi: It's not amazing at all! Don't let her get to you, Kurata-san!
Toko: Anyway, you guys ready for the retake? Kurata, try to smile a bit more!
Toko: Oh, not bad! Now I just need to post this and...
Tsukushi: I can't believe you made us do that again! We were just talking about not keeping the other two waiting! Couldn't you have just done it once we were at the front gate?
Toko: You're right! I could've taken one with Hiromachi and Yashio, too~! I'll make sure to take another one with all of us!
Mashiro: I-I don't mind, but...
Tsukushi: I doubt Yashio-san will go along with that...
Toko: I'm sure it'll work out! ... Oh, somebody already commented!
Mashiro: A-already? But you just posted it, didn't you...?
Tsukushi: Toko-chan does have a lot of followers on social media. Is there a reason for that?
Toko: Ah, I get asked that a lot. Maybe I'm just that charismatic.
Tsukushi: There you go with your nonsense again... Hmm, I'm sure there has to be some kind of secret...
Toko: Huh? It's not like I'm posting anything special, though. I just post stuff like selfies or pictures of places I go to! I probably just have good taste!
Tsukushi: Hmm, it certainly looks that way from the photos... Wait... Aaah!
Mashiro: Ah...! Y-you scared me...
Toko: Ahaha, no need to shout like that, Futaba!
Tsukushi: You're the one who's always making so much noise, Toko-chan! ... Anyway, look at this selfie, Kurata-san!
Mashiro: This is the kimono shop Toko-chan's family owns, isn't it? It looks like a regular selfie to me...
Tsukushi: Look over here in the upper right corner! It's that actress who's starring in that show on Tuesdays!
Mashiro: Y-you're right... Even I know her...
Toko: Oh, that old lady? She's been coming to our place for a long time now~.
Tsukushi: Old lady?! You can't call her that. She's super famous...
Tsukushi: There might be more famous people in the other photos, too...
Mashiro: Oh, what about the one before that...? Is that... a karaoke place? There are so many people... They look like they're all in high school.
Tsukushi: Maybe her whole class got together for karaoke? Oh, but Hiromachi-san isn't in this picture...
Toko: Oh, that one? They're not from my class! You won't believe how it all happened~!
Toko: I went to a café with my friend, and we ran into so many of my friends, and friends of my friends, that I figured it was fate! So we decided to all go to karaoke!
Toko: There were so many people I didn't know, but it was super fun.
Mashiro: K-karaoke with strangers... Just thinking about it makes me nervous...
Toko: There's nothing to be afraid of! We were all friends by the time we said goodbye!
Mashiro: O-oh, is that how it works? I don't have much experience with things like that...
Tsukushi: No, it's just Toko-chan...
Toko: Oh yeah! I'm going on a trip with some of the people I met that day. You guys wanna come, too?
Mashiro: Th-thank you, but I think I'll pass...
Tsukushi: I'll also pass...
Toko: Too bad~! Guess I'll try asking Yashio and Hiromachi.
Tsukushi: Hey, Kurata-san... I think I know why Toko-chan has a lot of followers...
Mashiro: Yeah, all her photos have a lot of impact. I can see why people check her posts regularly...
Toko: Ah, look at the time, guys! Yashio's gonna chew us out if we're late! We gotta run, Kurata, Futaba!
Tsukushi: Now you're telling us to hurry?! If you hadn't taken all those selfies, this never would have happened~!
Mashiro: W-wait for me, you two~...!


<Feeling the Fun>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Hey, {{userName}}-san! Are you on break now?
Toko: Oh. Thanks for all your hard work~! Me? There was a post on social media about a concert, so I came to check it out.
Toko: Yeah! Himari-san posted about the concert.
Toko: You know, since starting our band, I've started following most of the members from the other girls bands in the area.
Toko: I heard the ones who live around here often meet up at a place called Hazawa Coffee. Have you been there, {{userName}}-san?
Toko: So you have, huh? I should go check out the place!
Toko: Maybe I'll even get to meet the girls of Afterglow or Poppin'Party!
Toko: Checking out their posts makes you realize they're just normal high school students, even with what they do. It's really strange.
Toko: They post pictures of snacks or clothes they like, just like the rest of us!
Toko: Once they get up on stage though, they have this totally different vibe, you know? Like they're on another level or something.
Toko: I wanna go check out their concerts to listen to them perform, but it's hard because we've got our own practice...
Toko: Huh? They post their music on social media? Seriously?!
Toko: ... Whoa, you're totally right! These are pretty old posts, so I didn't notice!
Toko: Thanks for letting me know! I'll check them out later for sure!
Toko: I bet listening to these is gonna give me ideas for stuff to work on when I practice!
Toko: Huh? You think I'm a hard worker?
Toko: Ahaha, for real?! You really think so?
Toko: I never expected anyone to say that to me!
Toko: But I guess it's because being in a band is more fun than I thought it'd be. Although there have been times when it hasn't been.
Toko: But you know, it's different when you give a killer performance at a concert. It's super fun for us, and the crowd gets totally fired up, too!
Toko: That makes me wanna make the next concert even better. And to do that, I need to get better, you know?
Toko: Oh! Maybe I should upload a video of me playing~!
Toko: I've gotten a hundred times better since I started, after all! Having a goal like that keeps me motivated too!
Toko: I bet you wanna listen, right?! I'll give you my accounts, so follow them, okay?
Toko: Now you've got something to look forward to. See ya!
