913_Toko Kirigaya_R4 New Trend Alert

Gacha phrase: Well, that's just what happens when you get to my level.

<My Radar>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Toko: Over here! Hurry up!
Tsukushi: W-wait, Toko-chan~!
Tsukushi: There's no need to hurry, is there? It's not like the café's going anywhere.
Toko: Yeah, but it'll get crowded! It's a newly opened café after all!
Nanami: True. They're supposed to have some kind of rare dessert, right?
Toko: Yeah! It's something you can't normally eat around here!
Toko: I went on the day the café opened and just barely managed to get the very last one!
Toko: We gotta hurry! They'll seriously run out if we don't!
Tsukushi: Okay~, I get it~. Could you at least tell us what this rare dessert is supposed to be?
Toko: And ruin the surprise? Trust me, it'll blow your mind!
Nanami: Ooo, just look at that confidence...!
Tsukushi: I think that's just normal for Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: How do you manage to find new things all the time anyway?
Nanami: And not just new stores, but new products in general. You always seem to be the first to find out~.
Toko: Well, that's just what happens when you get to my level.
Toko: I'm not the kind of girl who's late to a trend!
Nanami: Oh yeah, it was like that with the rainbow smoothies and yakisoba crepes, wasn't it?
Tsukushi: Nobody at school knew about them at the time, but you were so sure they were going to become popular...
Toko: Of course. They're the next big thing, not the current big thing. Why would anyone know?
Tsukushi: Hmm... I'm not sure it'll happen.
Toko: Huh? Why?
Tsukushi: I mean, they look really intense, don't they?
Tsukushi: They were delicious, but I have a hard time believing people will go crazy for them.
Nanami: About that, Tsu-chan...
Tsukushi: Hm? What is it?
Nanami: The rainbow smoothie is actually getting popular...
Tsukushi: It is...?
Nanami: Look around you.
Nanami: Isn't that person holding a rainbow smoothie?
Toko: Oh, hey, that person over there has one too.
Tsukushi: Y-you're right...!
Nanami: If you look, you'll see quite a few people are walking around with rainbow smoothies~.
Tsukushi: I-I can't believe this is happening...
Nanami: I've even read about them in magazines. There are students from our school who go buy them on the way home, too.
Nanami: We might be witnessing the start of a new craze...!
Toko: See? I told you rainbows were gonna be the next big thing! I just knew it when I saw it.
Tsukushi: Th-this is unbelievable...
Nanami: I'm surprised, too~.
Toko: Seriously, what are you guys so surprised for?
Toko: My radar went off, so of course it was gonna be a hit!
Toko: Ah, I bet you guys don’t know my accomplishments~.
Tsukushi: Huh? What accomplishments?
Toko: I'll have you know that when I think something's going to be big, it usually happens! I'm super accurate! Like a thousand percent accurate!
Tsukushi: You can't be more than a hundred percent accurate...
Nanami: But she was right about the rainbow smoothies. She thought it was going to become popular, and it really has.
Nanami: Toko-chan, you might really have a good eye for trends...!
Tsukushi: Y-yeah, she might if it's actually true...!
Toko: I'm serious, guys. When you get to my level, you can just feel what the world is craving next.
Nanami & Tsukushi: ...
Nanami: Does that mean the next thing will be yakisoba crepes?
Tsukushi: Y-yakisoba crepes... No way, impossible! Not happening!
Tsukushi: It's practically just a thin okonomiyaki! All you can taste is the sauce!
Nanami: But you never know...
Tsukushi: N-no way~... I refuse to believe in a future where everyone's walking around with yakisoba crepes...
Toko: Hey, enough chitchat! There won't be any sweets left if we keep talking! Hurry up!
Nanami: T-Toko-chan!
Tsukushi: Aaah, wait for us~!!


<Longing for Instant Yakisoba>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Riverside]

Toko: Hey~, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: If it isn't Toko-chan. Hi.
Toko: Hey! What are the two of you doing here? Shopping?
Marina: Yes, we went to the convenience store over there to grab lunch. It's just rice balls and instant yakisoba, though.
Toko: Oh, you got instant yakisoba?!
Toko: It's really yummy, isn't it? I love it, too! Do you also like instant yakisoba, Marina-san?
Marina: Huh? Yeah, I don't mind it... I have to say, this is a bit of a surprise.
Toko: Hm? What is?
Marina: Tsukinomori is known as a rich girl's school, so I just assumed students from there didn't eat food like this.
Toko: Ah, yeah. I don't think I've ever seen anyone at school eating it, but I totally dig that stuff.
Toko: Although, I didn't get to try it until recently.
Marina: When exactly was recently...?
Toko: When I was in middle school. But I'd known about instant yakisoba ever since I was little. You know, from the commercials and stuff.
Toko: Grandma never allowed me to eat it, though.
Toko: She's super strict. Only traditional Japanese food, and I have to call her ma'am, you know?
Marina: I-I see... Ma'am, huh?
Marina: Toko-chan doesn't seem like the "high-class" type, but I think we just got a glimpse into her world, {{userName}}-san.
Toko: Anyway, yeah, I didn't get to try it for the longest time, but I got my chance in middle school.
Toko: You get a lot more freedom in middle school, you know?
Toko: So I took advantage of that. I snuck into a convenience store and ate it there.
Toko: Seriously, I had no idea how to even remove the hot water, and I probably never would've figured it out if it wasn't for the woman who worked there.
Toko: It was a total hassle to figure out how to eat, but the flavor... It was so worth it!
Toko: The way that sauce just hits you was amazing! I'd never had something like it before.
Toko: If the food I normally eat at home is like a house cat, then instant yakisoba was like a wild tiger!
Marina: Fufufu, it must have been quite an experience.
Toko: Yeah, I've been into the stuff ever since! Don't tell my grandma though!
Toko: ... Oh, but I don't think I've had the one you're having, Marina-san.
Marina: It's new. I'll let you know after I've had it.
Toko: Seriously?! I can't wait to hear from you!
Toko: Oh, and {{userName}}-san, let me know if there are any other ones that you think I'll like, too!
