930_Toko Kirigaya_R4 Strike a Pose☆

Gacha phrase: It's spring. Of course we're gonna go flower-viewing!

<The Yakisoba Bun Trend!>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Toko Kirigaya)

[Park]

Toko: Hmm, I wanna try the sakura red bean buns, but the mugwort buns look good too~.
Toko: I mean, how am I even supposed to choose with all this bread in front of me?
Saya: Ahaha, that reaction was worth all the time it took to bake them.
Toko: Oh~, which one should I try first? I can't pick~!
Toko: Ah, by the way, which one do you recommend, Saya-san?
Saya: My recommendation, huh? Hmm, let's see, it would have to be the-
Rimi: I recommend the chocolate cornet, Toko-chan.
Toko: Huh?
Rimi: Sorry. I heard that you were talking about bread.
Saya: R-Rimi-rin, you answered so quickly...
Rimi: All of the breads from the Yamabuki Bakery taste delicious, but the chocolate cornets are special.
Rimi: It's a fluffy pastry filled with gooey chocolate, and just one bite is like heaven in your mouth.
Rimi: They are very easy to eat, so be careful. You might end up eating a surprising amount of them.
Toko: Whoa, I don't know what's going on, but they sound awesome!
Saya: Ahaha, thanks for the recommendation, Rimi-rin. You're like our brand ambassador.
Saya: I don't mean to brag, but I'm pretty confident with my cornets. They're almost as good as my dad's.
Toko: Since you both say they're so good, I guess I'll have a cornet~...
Toko: Hm? Hmmm?!
Rimi: Wh-what's wrong?
Toko: Hey, wait a minute! Is this sandwich...? Whoa, seriously?!
Saya: Are you talking about... these yakisoba sandwiches?
Toko: Yeah, those! They've got a real impact to them! They're super cool!
Toko: Putting yakisoba in a sandwich is such a great idea. Your dad's a genius, Saya-san!
Saya: Erm, it's not like my dad invented it or anything...
Saya: Actually, are yakisoba sandwiches even that rare?
Rimi: Perhaps they don't have them at Tsukinomori.
Saya: Ahh, yeah, I can't really imagine them eating stuff like this.
Toko: Saya-san, I'm gonna take one of these sandwiches!
Saya: Ah, sure, help yourself.
Toko: Time to eat! Munch, munch... Mmm!
Toko: Wait, hold on a second, this is too good! This should be a thing!
Toko: Whoa, all the bread I've had until now pales in comparison to this!
Saya: Ahaha, I'm glad you like it.
Saya: You should come by our store sometime. They're even better fresh.
Toko: Wow, for real?! I totally will! I'll invite Shiro and the others! We'll all come together!
Toko: Ahh, actually...
Rimi: Hm? Is something wrong?
Toko: My radar's going off.
Toko: This year will be all about yakisoba sandwiches...!
Saya: Huh? What do you mean?
Toko: I've got a sixth sense for this kinda thing! Whenever my radar goes off, whatever triggers it usually gets super popular!
Rimi: I see. That's remarkable...!
Saya: Yeah, I guess...
Toko: That's how I know that yakisoba sandwiches are gonna take off this year! For real!
Saya: Oh, come on, you can find these in any bakery. Even we've been selling them for a long time~.
Rimi: Ahaha...


<You Never Know if You'll Need It>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Park]

Toko: Hmm? Wait, is that...? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ah, Toko-chan. Fancy seeing you here.
Toko: Ahaha, I know, right? Are you guys here to see the sakura too?
Marina: Yeah, we are. Is that why you're here, Toko-chan?
Toko: Bingo! I'm having a sakura party with some friends from school.
Toko: Oh, and I'm having another one tomorrow, but that's with some people I know from social media!
Marina: Wow, tomorrow too? You sound pretty busy then.
Toko: Well, I'm having fun, so it's totally okay! I have a lot of friends anyway, so it's always like this!
Marina: Ahaha, that sounds like you alright.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me... You also went flower-viewing with Kasumi-chan and the others, right?
Marina: I heard from Mashiro-chan that you were quite impressive. She said she was surprised at how quickly you befriended all of the other bands.
Toko: Huh? That kinda thing is normal though!
Toko: All sorts of people were there, so it'd be a waste if I didn't talk to them!
Marina: It might seem normal to a social butterfly like yourself, Toko-chan...
Marina: But for people who aren't like that, it's impressive... or rather, they wish they could be like you.
Toko: For real?
Marina: I think some girls worry about whether or not they'll be able to carry on the conversation and get along well with others.
Marina: If I had to pick, I'd say I'm more on that side myself, so I can understand how they feel.
Toko: Hmm, I don't really get it myself, but I'm sure you're right~.
Toko: I've never really cared about small stuff like that.
Marina: Really?
Toko: I mean, if everyone wants to have as much fun as I do, then I bet they all wanna be friends too!
Toko: If they don't know me, then they just have to get to know me, and it's way faster if I just go and make the first move!
Marina: Y-you're very confident...
Marina: Although, I think having that amount of confidence is vital.
Toko: Ahaha, I'm telling you, it's way better to be overconfident than to have no confidence at all!
Toko: ... Whoa, shoot! I gotta go or I'll be late!
Toko: See ya, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Later!
