1172_Toko Kirigaya_R2 Reading Isn't My Thing

<Thanks for Homework Help>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: "Write the conjugated forms of the auxiliary verbs in the underlined parts of A through F"...? Conjugated...? Shoot, I really don't get this.
Toko: Hmm~... Ah, Rui.
Rui: ... It appears Futaba-san and the others are not here yet.
Toko: They said they've got stuff to do, so they'll be a little late. You really should check the chat properly~.
Rui: Which means we have some time to spare before practice.
Rui: ...
Toko: ... Huh? Hold it right there!
Rui: ...? What is the matter?
Toko: You're reading at a time like this?! Come on, I'm doing my homework here!
Rui: I can see that.
Rui: Until practice begins, I will read, and you will do your homework. Is there something wrong with that?
Toko: Only everything! You can see I'm struggling, right?!
Toko: Honestly, I kind of forgot about some homework due today, and now I'm stuck with extra homework that's due tomorrow~.
Toko: Isn't that so mean? It's ridiculous!
Rui: I think it's a perfectly legitimate solution.
Toko: No, no, no. I only forgot my homework once, and now I have extra!
Rui: Are you sure you only forgot it once this week?
Toko: Hm~... Well, I did forget it yesterday too.
Rui: ... And how about last week?
Toko: I only forgot to do it three times last week!
Rui: In other words, your teacher did not make this decision based on just today. It is the result of your actions leading up until now.
Toko: Huh~, even though I said I was sorry? Shouldn't an apology do?
Rui: Your perception of the world is not necessarily the same as that of others.
Toko: Hmm... So anyway, are you free right now?
Rui: Yes. I have time to spare before practice, so I intend to read.
Toko: That's not what I meant! You get me, right? Please!
Rui: You are not making any sense. If there is something you wish to say, say it clearly.
Toko: I mean, help me with my homework! I won't bother you ever again!
Rui: So that is what you meant. Very well.
Toko: For real?! You're going to help me? Thanks, Rui!
Rui: You need not thank me. I am simply repaying a debt I owe you.
Toko: ...? A debt?
Rui: You all helped me prepare for the artists' seminar, remember?
Rui: Whatever the circumstances, I finished ahead of schedule thanks to your help.
Rui: Thanks to that, my load was lightened. That is why I thought it necessary to return the favor.
Toko: Right~. I don't really get it, but that's unexpectedly nice of you, Rui!
Toko: You're gonna live a good life! I'm sure of it!
Rui: ... What part of what I said made you think this way, exactly?
Toko: Ah, that's right! I found a super cool café recently~. I'll tell you where it is if you help me with my homework~.
Rui: No, thank you. There is no point in doing this if you give me something in return.
Toko: Don't be like that~. The cake they have there is seriously mind-blowing! Let's go after practice!
Rui: Were you even listening to me?
Tsukushi: Hi~. Sorry I'm late.
Toko: Fusuke! And everyone else! You guys arrived at a good time! We were just talking about going to a café together after practice!
Nanami: Ahh, I'll come~. You always know the best places, Toko-chan. I can't wait~.
Rui: Do not speak on my behalf. I will not be going.
Mashiro: Oh, really? That's not what Toko-chan said...
Rui: Kirigaya-san just says whatever she likes.
Toko: Huh? What is that supposed to mean?! Just before, you said you would come.
Rui: I did not say such a thing.
Tsukushi: Wh-what is going on? I don't know who's telling the truth...
Mashiro: Wh-who knows...?


<My Communication Method>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Residential Area]

Marina: The okonomiyaki at the Tanuki Restaurant was delicious. I feel really good now, so let's work hard this afternoon!
Toko: Ah, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Toko-chan! Hello. Are you going somewhere?
Toko: You betcha! I'm going to the mall with my friends!
Toko: I've been so busy helping Rui lately, I haven't gone out in ages, so I'm super excited!
Marina: Helping Rui-chan...? Do you mean for the artists' seminar?
Toko: Yeah, yeah! You're right on the money, Marina-san!
Toko: Rui was supposed to play at this concert thing, but the seminar prep conflicted with rehearsals, so we all pitched in to help out!
Toko: Ahh~, I wish you two could've seen it. During prep, I was a talking machine!
Marina: A talking machine...?
Toko: Like, you know how people tend not to talk much when they're working on something?
Toko: Well, that ruins the atmosphere and sucks all the fun out of it, so I came up with lots of things to talk about.
Marina: I guess it is nice to chat when the work gets a bit dull.
Toko: I knew you'd get it, Marina-san~. And I think Rui and the others loved it!
Marina: Huh, is that so? Did they tell you that?
Toko: Not exactly, but I could tell just by looking at their faces!
Toko: They looked like they wanted to call me "The Talk Genius," or "The Greatest MC in the Universe"!
Marina: I-I see...
Toko: Well, anyway, I knew it'd work out since I was helping, but I'm glad Rui got to perform in the recital.
Toko: Before the show, she seemed like she didn't care whether she performed or not, and she was as straight-faced as ever during it...
Toko: But even then, to me, it looked like she was enjoying herself!
Marina: I see. If that's how it looked to you, Toko-chan, then I'm sure she really did.
Toko: ... Ah, shoot! It's getting late! I've gotta go now!
Marina: Yeah, see you. Have fun with your friends!
Toko: Will do! See you later!
