1225_Toko Kirigaya_R4 I'm a Total Genius!

Gacha phrase: See? Just look at this photo!

<Something New and Crazy Awesome!>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Okay then, let's talk about our next concert. But before we do... Everyone, palms together...
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: Let's eat~! Time to dig in!
Nanami: Ah, those chicken nuggets look so delicious, Shiro-chan. Could you trade me one for my roast duck?
Mashiro: Roast duck...? I don't mind... But are you sure you want nuggets?
Nanami: Mm-hmm! They look so tasty~.
Tsukushi: Rui-san, how is the new song coming along?
Rui: I am working on it. I should be able to have it ready tomorrow.
Tsukushi: It's finally happening then! I can't wait~! I'm going to work so hard on it.
Mashiro: Me too, I need to work on the lyrics.
Tsukushi: Ah, by the way, you said you'd know your schedule for next week by today, Toko-chan...
Toko: Hmm~...
Mashiro: What's wrong, Toko-chan...?
Nanami: You had ridges between your eyebrows. Is something on your mind?
Toko: Kinda... I don't know what to do for my new t-shirt~.
Tsukushi: Didn't you say you were going to use your sketch assignment?
Toko: And I am, more or less! It's just that I need something more to make it different enough from the last one~!
Tsukushi: I see. I guess it wouldn't leave much of an impression if it were the same as the one with Nanami-chan's picture.
Toko: Exactly~. I want to add a little something that gives it a real kick~.
Toko: Guys, help me out, will ya? I'm really stumped here!
Rui: We are supposed to be using this time right now to discuss matters that concern our band.
Toko: I know, but my brand's getting a lot of recognition right now, and I wanna take things to the next level!
Toko: I've already posted online that the next product is gonna be crazy good. C'mon, I really wanna outdo the hype I've built!
Tsukushi: Why did you have to deliberately make things harder for yourself?!
Toko: This is me we're talking about. Of course, it's gonna be totally amazing!
Toko: I can just see the whole world being blown away by my talent~. So, gimme some ideas, will ya?
Nanami: Hm~, so you want to make an impression~... That's going to be pretty hard.
Tsukushi: Ah, why don't you add another image to go along with your sketch?
Toko: Interesting. Do you have anything in mind?
Tsukushi: How about... our school emblem? You're a student here, so it would make sense to have it on your shirt.
Rui: You will need the permission of the school to use it.
Tsukushi: Oh, right!
Rui: Since your reason for requesting its use will be entirely personal, it is unlikely to be granted.
Tsukushi: Aww, too bad... I thought it was a good idea.
Tsukushi: Do you have any ideas, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: I'm sorry... I've been trying, but I haven't been able to come up with anything.
Toko: Ugh~... I'm supposed to start working on it next week... I actually might be in a bit of trouble here.
Nanami: ... Why don't you try making it monochrome?
Nanami: Making a landscape monochrome can give it an edge that looks pretty stylish.
Toko: Monochrome... Whoa~! That's a seriously great idea!
Toko: Just changing the colors would so change how it feels and make it totally chic! I really dig it!
Nanami: You do? I'm glad I could help~.
Toko: You know, maybe I should make the picture circular. It'd be like looking at black-and-white scenery through a round window...
Nanami: If you're going to make it monochrome, how about something like this photo...? The round windows you find in traditional Japanese homes could work.
Nanami: The way you can see a bit of the shoji screen could look really nice.
Toko: I am so taking that idea~!
Toko: Man~, thanks to you, I've gotten so many ideas, Nanami! I really owe you one~!
Nanami: Anytime~.
Toko: This is gonna be even better than what I'd first imagined~. Time to post about it!
Tsukushi: You know you're only going to make it harder for yourself again if you do that, right?!
Toko: Don't worry! It's already a given that the shirt's gonna be so amazing it's gonna wow the whole world.
Mashiro: Oh, so it's a given...
Rui: I do hope you do not end up digging your own grave again.
Mashiro: Ahaha...
Toko: Boy~, I'm getting so excited~! Once my awesome creation's done, you guys better check it out!
Toko: Okay~?


<A Super Special Secret>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: It's so hot today, huh~? We just stepped outside, and I'm already drenched. Let's hurry up and grab those drinks and go back.
Marina: I think I'll grab an iced coffee. What about you?
Toko: Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Ah, Toko-chan! Hi.
Toko: Hey, hey, take a look at this! Ta-dah~!
Marina: Ohhh, that's a cute t-shirt!
Toko: Right~? It's my brand's latest! Don't you think the picture on the back is especially awesome?!
Marina: You're right... It does look amazing. There's something about the picture that just draws you in...
Toko: Right~? It was a friend of mine that actually drew this, you know~?
Toko: Oh! You don't need to tell me! I know you want to know who that friend is.
Marina: Um... Well, if you put it that way, I guess I kind of want to know.
Toko: I knew it! But I'm sorry, I really can't tell you even if you both ask.
Toko: After all, it's our secret!
Marina: O-oh... That's a shame.
Toko: I'm so sorry! But I have to keep it a secret!
Marina: Fufu... You seem to be emphasizing secret a lot.
Toko: Ahaha, was it that obvious? I've never actually had a shared secret with friends!
Toko: That's why I'm so happy! It's so fun to know something that other people don't, isn't it?
Marina: I can see that. It's nice to know you're trusted enough to be told something that hasn't been told to anyone else.
Toko: Exactly! I knew you'd get it~.
Toko: I'm super happy they felt it was safe to tell us!
Marina: It really does show how much they trust you.
Toko: I still don't get why they wanna keep something so amazing a secret. But I'm not gonna tell anyone because I wanna live up to their trust!
Marina: Fufu, knowing that's how you feel would probably make them very happy.
Toko: Ahaha, yeah, maybe!
Toko: Anyway, I gotta run. I still need to show the t-shirt to more people!
Marina: Wait, you've been going around just to show that t-shirt?
Toko: Of course! I'll keep the artist a secret, but I still want more people to know about the picture!
Toko: I mean, you gotta show off crazy good stuff like this to as many people as you can, ya know?
Toko: Anyway~, see ya~!
