1312_Toko Kirigaya_R3 Refusal to Lose

<My Policy!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Toko: Hey there~, good day~!
Rui: ...
Toko: Huh? What, it's just you?
Rui: Yes. The other members are all preoccupied at the moment.
Rui: I do not believe you were called here, were you...?
Toko: Huh? Nah, that's not why I'm here!
Rui: ... I see.
Rui: I do not know what happened, but I will acknowledge that you at least came here of your own accord.
Rui: So? What did you do?
Toko: I'm not here to turn myself in!
Toko: Jumping to conclusions like that about other people's not right, you know!
Rui: Those are words I would like to hear from you after you have reflected upon your own behavior.
Rui: So? If you have not done anything, then why have you come to the student council?
Toko: I'm not here for the student council. I'm here to see you.
Rui: Me?
Toko: C'mon. You remember, right? The 450 yen! I'm here to pay you back!
Rui: ... Ah.
Toko: "Ah?" ... What? What's that supposed to mean?
Rui: I had completely forgotten about it.
Rui: Were we not already done with this talk?
Toko: No, not even close!
Toko: I said it's my policy to pay people back when I owe them, didn't I?!
Rui: ... I do not like owing people things, either.
Rui: Still, I think you are blowing this matter out of proportion. It really was not that big a deal.
Rui: Would you get this worked up about it if you had borrowed money from Futaba-san or Hiromachi-san?
Toko: What? No.
Rui: Then why are you so bothered about it when it comes to me?
Toko: Huh...? Why...?
Toko: Rui, you don't acknowledge me or my skills at all.
Toko: No matter how hard I practice, you always make it sound like everything I do should've been a piece of cake, you know?
Toko: It's basically like you're telling me I suck.
Rui: Yes. Because you do.
Toko: Just like that! That's what ticks me off!
Toko: I mean, I'm super big-hearted, you know? So I don't even let most stuff bother me.
Toko: But if you talk to me like that forever, even I'm not gonna be able to keep cool. Like...
Toko: Am I not getting verbally torn apart right now? Am I losing? How am I not gonna think stuff like that?
Toko: So if I owe the person who's talking to me like that money, how am I supposed to react? It makes it kinda hard, you know~?
Rui: Huh...
Toko: So that's why you're the last person on Earth I'd ever wanna owe something.
Toko: Not until I make you admit I've won.
Rui: I still struggle to understand what exactly we are competing over... But I think I see your point.
Rui: If you do not like the things I say to you, then I would suggest improving your skills. Quickly.
Toko: I know! I don't need you telling me that!
Toko: Just you wait and see. I'll become so good so fast, your eyes won't even be able to keep up!
Toko: And that's that! See ya!
Rui: ...
Rui: She never gave me the 450 yen...
Rui: What did she come here to do...?


<Gil Got Made Into Strongo>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew. That's enough cleaning for now. Let's take a break.
Marina: Huh? Is that... Heeey! Toko-chan~!
Toko: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! What's up?!
Marina: Hi there, Toko-chan. You seem even more chipper than usual today.
Toko: Ahaha, really? Well, some stuff happened recently that had me real down in the dumps, but everything's all good now. Maybe that's just me bouncing back!
Marina: Down in the dumps...? Do you mean... what happened with Rui-chan?
Toko: Huh? Marina-san, you know?
Marina: Ah, yeah. Mashiro-chan told me. So Rui-chan almost quit... It sounds like you all had a rough time...
Toko: It all worked out in the end, though! A buncha stuff happened, but Rui ended up coming back!
Marina: Well, as long as you've all made up, I guess that's all that matters... Although the way you put it, it doesn't actually sound that bad...
Toko: What~? It seriously sucked, though~! Even I had to actually think about some stuff.
Toko: I got so angry when Rui said she was quitting. I told her to go ahead, I didn't care...
Toko: But it still bothered me. Like, a lot. This shouldn't be how it all ends, you know...?
Toko: Yeah, Rui makes me mad a lot, but Morfonica's just not Morfonica if it's not the five of us.
Marina: That's just proof of how important your fellow band members have become to you.
Toko: Hm~... Yeah, you could be right...
Toko: Except for Rui. There's definitely a different reason there~.
Marina: And what's that?
Toko: It's because she refuses to acknowledge my skills!
Toko: I practice super hard, you know. My playing's gotten miles better, if you ask me.
Toko: But Rui always says, "I see nothing particularly worth praise..."
Toko: So if anything, I think that I just can't accept Rui leaving until I get her to admit I'm awesome. That's probably the bigger reason I was mad.
Marina: Fufu, that certainly sounds like you.
Toko: Still, in the end, I'm happy everything's all settled, and we're looking good!
Toko: We got to play in a contest as a full band, and I felt like we did even better than we do during our normal shows!
Toko: Maybe it's because we had to practice without Rui and Shiro, but...
Toko: When we finally got back together as the five of us, I felt like I could hear the violin and vocals way better than before...
Toko: Nah, not just that, but the bass and drums too. It felt like I'd gotten better at matching myself to them...
Marina: Sounds like you've gotten better at being conscious of your other band members' sounds.
Toko: Yeah, that's it! Maybe! Like how that one guy Gil got made into Strongo or something!
Marina: Gil...? S-Strongo...? Um... Is that some sort of superhero...?
Marina: Oh! Do you mean, "What doesn't kill you makes you stronger"?
Toko: Ahh, yeah! That! Strongo!
Toko: In any case, Morfonica's in a real good spot right now! I'm thinkin' we're gonna keep upping the pace with our concerts from here on!
Toko: So keep on cheering us on, alright~?!
Marina: Fufu, of course. We're always looking forward to what you girls come up with next.
