1372_Toko Kirigaya_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Whaddya think?! Do I look good?!

<I'm the Star!>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Toko-chan, happy birthday!
Toko: Oh, thank you! Where's my birthday present?!
Mashiro: Ahaha, we made sure to get you one. Here you go.
Nanami: I really think you'll love it~.
Rui: I cannot imagine anyone enjoying something like this...
Toko: You sound super confident, Nanami! I wonder what it could be~... Hey, what is this?!
Tsukushi: It's a set of party goods! The shop Mashiro-chan told us about was selling them!
Mashiro: We were all talking about how you went to a sweets store for the first time the other day, so I thought maybe you'd never been to a discount store either.
Toko: Ahaha, what's with this sash?! It says "Birthday Girl!"
Toko: And these sunglasses are a riot too! Rui, try these on for a sec!
Rui: Why should I? You are the one who is celebrating their birthday.
Toko: Aw, don't be so stingy! I mean, seriously, I'm the birthday girl today, so you should at least do this one little thing for me!
Rui: I have no obligation to comply.
Toko: Sigh~, you're such a drag~! Well, whatever! I'll try them on then!
Toko: Whaddya think?! Do I look good?!
Tsukushi: Fufu... Ahaha! Toko-chan, you look so funny!
Toko: Really?! I wanna see it too! Snap a pic for me!
Nanami: Okay, leave it to me~. Here I go~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Totally Awesome Day>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Toko Kirigaya)

[Dressing Room]

Toko: Hey, hey, Ran-san. I've got something I wanna show you.
Ran: What? I'm in the middle of getting ready right now... Fine, but just for a little bit.
Toko: It's a picture I took on my phone the other day... Here, this is it!
Ran: ... Huh? Is this you? What's with the outfit...? Fufu.
Toko: Ahaha, you laughed! I win~!
Toko: Doesn't it look super good on me?! Everyone in Morfonica gave it to me for my birthday!
Toko: Oh man, this is funny no matter how many times I look at it~!
Ran: ... More importantly, why were you wearing it? Did you lose a bet or something?
Toko: No way! I got it as a present~!
Toko: That day was so hilarious. I laughed so hard, I nearly died~! It was super fun.
Ran: Ahh, I see...
Ran: (So this is fun for her... I don't really get it myself...)
Toko: Mm~, being able to spend a special day laughing like that was seriously awesome.
Ran: ... I see. Well, I guess that's cool then.
Ran: You and I have different tastes, but that was awesome for you, right?
Toko: You better believe it! I keep looking through these pics because it was so super awesome!
Toko: Ah! Hey, Ran-san. If I dressed like this for our concert later, do you think it'd pump things up?!
Toko: We'd majorly stand out, no one would forget about it, and it'd be totally fun for me!
Ran: ... I think you'd better not.
Toko: Aw, you think so~? Ah well! Let's have just as much fun during our show as I had on that day!
