1405_Toko Kirigaya_R4 A Day Off for Me

Gacha phrase: You're not gonna find out unless you ask.

<Everything I Wanna Do>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Event Area]

Tsukushi: Phew~. I'm beat~...
Toko: Hey, it's Fusuke! You on break?
Tsukushi: Yeah. Things finally settled down a little at the booth. You too?
Toko: Yup. Personally, I think I could keep going, but the event staff were all like, "You gotta rest when you can."
Tsukushi: You've been busy since this morning, after all.
Toko: Well, that's just proof of how great the event's been going~.
Toko: Did you see the fashion show? It was awesome, right?
Tsukushi: I did! The sound and lighting looked really good...!
Toko: Heh heh. I called in some help for that, you see~.
Tsukushi: There it is, all your connections...! All the girls in the show mentioned they were your friends, too.
Toko: Yup. I hit them up and they all were totally in.
Tsukushi: I was so surprised. Everyone was so tall and pretty, they looked like actual models
Toko: They are actual models, though.
Tsukushi: Huh? All of them?! But, there were at least ten of them, right...?!
Toko: Is that weird? Everyone's got at least one or two amateur models in their friend group, right?
Tsukushi: Not normally~...!! The only one I could even say I know would be Eve-senpai...!
Toko: Alright, alright. Enough about the models, how were the clothes?
Tsukushi: They looked amazing. It was all TOKO brand clothing, right?
Toko: Yup! My fashion sense was on full blast!
Tsukushi: Yeah. It all looked so stylish and pretty... But there was one thing I thought was kind of strange.
Toko: Hm? What?
Tsukushi: It felt like there was an awful lot of variety, I guess.
Tsukushi: Soft, cute clothes. Chic, monotone clothes... Then suddenly, you had clothes that were sort of like kimonos, right?
Tsukushi: Even so, they all sort of felt like they had that Toko-chan flair to them. I guess you could say there was a sort of sense of unity to them...? Did you have that in mind when designing them?
Toko: Nah, not at all.
Toko: I just make stuff I wanna make or wanna wear, that's it.
Tsukushi: Oh... I thought you might have been considering your customers' needs when thinking of what to make.
Toko: Well, when you get to the level I'm at, you don't need to adapt to everyone else. Everyone else is gonna match me, after all~.
Toko: That's why the TOKO brand's clothing is great the way it is!
Toko: That moment when the stuff I come up with in my head comes out exactly the way I plan it is such a rush~!
Tsukushi: I think I can understand that feeling, at least. It does feel good when a plan works out perfectly.
Toko: Yup. When I was little, there was this time I asked Grandma if she could make me a kimono.
Toko: And when I saw the finished product, I was so happy~! I threw it on right away and started jumping and dancing around. Then I got yelled at.
Tsukushi: Haha, that's adorable. Sounds like my sisters.
Tsukushi: I wonder why little kids like to jump when they're happy?
Toko: But you still bounce around all over the place when you're super happy too, don't you?
Tsukushi: N-No, I don't!
Toko: Huh? Really? But what about when we got our permit to use the park approved the other d-
Tsukushi: M-More importantly! What sort of kimono did you have made?
Toko: Ahh~. That's right, that's what we were talking about.
Toko: So at the time, one of our regulars always brought in dorayaki when they'd come in to the shop, right? That really got me~.
Toko: So I had a dorayaki-pattern kimono made!
Tsukushi: D-Dorayaki-pattern?
Toko: Yup! Doesn't that sound cute?
Tsukushi: More than cute, that's... Dorayaki-patterned fabric exists...?
Toko: Nope, no way. That's why we had it made from scratch for me~.
Toko: I think I've still got the pic of me wearing it lying around at home somewhere. I'll bring it so you can see next time. You'll love it, trust me!
Tsukushi: S-Sure. Thanks.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, you really are a free spirit...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Spreading JOY>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Toko: Marina-san~! {{userName}}-san~! Hi!
Marina: Hi there, Toko-chan. As energetic as always, huh?
Toko: Yeah, I've been feeling super good lately! Anyway, do you have any leftover flyers for me to grab? That's what I'm here for.
Marina: For TOCO, right? We've only got a few left. A lot of people ended up picking them up.
Toko: I knew it! CiRCLE's really got ad power!
Toko: Oh, right. Here, take these sweets! They come with my grandma's recommendation. My way of saying thanks! Please enjoy 'em with the rest of the staff!
Marina: Wow, thanks. We'll try them over break.
Marina: So? How did TOCO go?
Toko: Oooh~, it was the best!
Toko: The fashion show and the concert were super fire, and on top of that, we all got to do everything we wanted!
Toko: Fusuke got to do her booth, Shiro got to write her song, the flyer was... Oh wait, that's a secret.
Toko: In any case, it was seriously awesome! Though I did end up being super busy!
Marina: I'm not surprised. Even just a concert's a lot of work, but you had so much more planned.
Marina: We've got people that like to host concerts at CiRCLE, and the closer their concerts get, the busier they all look.
Toko: I can totally see that~. Even I ended up having to get up at three in the morning this time.
Marina: That's really early...! But it's also proof of your hard work, I guess.
Marina: I bet even you must've been totally beat for a few days after the event, right?
Toko: Not at all! If anything, I was still coming off the high of pulling off TOCO! I felt like I could literally do anything~!
Marina: Fufu. Is that so? I guess that is just like you though.
Toko: Ah, that's right! I'm actually planning another event with my friends. You two should totally come and hang out this time!
Marina: Oh, wow. I'd love to check it out if I'm free.
Marina: Do you know what sort of event you're going to be doing yet?
Toko: Uh~, maybe something where I show off my sick guitar skills. Nothing's actually been decided yet, but you can bet it'll be fun! That's a promise!
Toko: Ah, shoot! I've gotta go! We've got a meeting about that event soon. I'll see you guys later!
Marina: And there she goes... Toko-chan's engine never runs out of gas, huh?
Marina: ... Oh, that's right! The flyers! We haven't given them back yet!
Marina: T-Toko-chan! Wait! You forgot your flyers~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
