1471_Toko Kirigaya_R3 My Step Up

Gacha phrase: Hey, c'mon! We're doing everything we wanna do now, right?!

<Giving My All to What I Wanna Do>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Dressing Room]

Tsukushi: Mmm~! That was a great show~!
Rui: Yes. It certainly was worth participating in... Not an unpleasant experience at all.
Toko: Seriously though, that was so much fun! I feel like I totally left it all out there today!
Nanami: You were really shining, Toko-chan. That confidence of yours made you so cool too~.
Toko: Right?! If that's what I'm capable of when it's time to get real, I really must be a genius~!
Mashiro: I thought we did great, but the other bands were also incredible.
Mashiro: They were so inspiring... When I think of how the crowd must have also felt the same way, I...
Toko: C'mon, what're you being all humble for, Shiro~? There's no way we got shown up out there.
Tsukushi: She's right. We did great too! I think you're totally allowed to hold your head high today!
Tsukushi: After all, we've come really far as Morfonica!
Mashiro: Right... You're right...!
Nanami: We've got a lot more songs now, and we're also playing at shows... It kind of feels like we're doing real band things now.
Mashiro: True. We do seem to be coming together more and more as a band...
Mashiro: It makes me... really happy.
Toko: Shiro~! You say such good stuff!
Tsukushi: We need to do more so that more people will find out about us!
Toko: Then we've gotta come up with songs that only we'd be able to make! Let's shoot for, say... 10,000 of 'em!
Nanami: Fufu, that might be a bit too many~.
Toko: What're you talking about, Nanami? If we go one song a day, we'll be done before you know it.
Nanami: It'll still take 27 years and 139 days, you know~?
Toko: That was fast...!
Rui: ... While 10,000 is not realistic, I would agree that broadening our horizons in regards to our music is not a bad idea.
Rui: A larger library of music to choose from will be useful in the future for putting together set lists.
Toko: Then let's just try everything! We can even try new genres. Like metal! Or rap!
Mashiro: M-metal or... rap...?!
Tsukushi: I can't see that happening, but... it might be worth exploring, at least.
Toko: Right~?! I knew you'd get me, Fusuke~!
Rui: No. I cannot imagine we will get any worthwhile results from attempting to play genres we are not familiar with.
Rui: Even if we were to become proficient in those genres, is there any reason for us to dedicate that much time to such a goal in the first place?
Nanami: Plus, it feels kind of sad to leave behind everything we've built up until now~.
Mashiro: ... I'd rather slowly expand our possibilities using the music we've worked on up to this point.
Toko: You heard her, Fusuke.
Tsukushi: What?! You were the one who brought it up first!
Toko: In any case, what's important is that we put our all into doing whatever we can and wanna do right now.
Nanami: Put our all into what we want to do now, huh...?
Nanami: Fufu. I like it. That sounds like such a high school thing to do~.
Toko: You good with that, Rui?
Rui: I intend to do what I can so long as it pertains to Morfonica's activities.
Rui: ... I suppose that does mean yes, though.
Toko: Alright! Then it's settled!
Toko: Now let's get started! One song a day! The goal, 10,000!
Mashiro: Uh, was that what we were talking about?!
Rui: No... Not at all...
Toko: Hey, c'mon! We're doing everything we wanna do now, right?!
Tsukushi: W-well, yeah, but... isn't that just something you want to do...?
Toko: But that doesn't mean it's bad, does it~?
Toko: Here, we can start coming up with ideas right now! I feel like I'm full of them!
Nanami: Toko-chan's super excited~.
Tsukushi: She just hasn't cooled down from the show yet, although that goes for me as well, honestly...
Rui: ... Well, given our current state, it may be possible for us to come up with ideas we normally would not think of.
Mashiro: T-true... I guess... I can maybe help a little too then...
Toko: That's the spirit! Alright everyone, let's get to it!


<At Max Motivation!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Ah, Marina-san! Did you see our show the other day?!
Marina: Of course I did~. All the bands were really into it, and it turned out really great.
Marina: Everyone that came looked super satisfied... People were also talking online about how great it was.
Toko: I know, right?! The reaction's been even better than I could've ever imagined! It's blown me away!
Marina: Well, Morfonica's been working really hard, after all~.
Toko: Yup, and it really feels like that work's been all worth it~. Plus, more than anything? That atmosphere!
Toko: It totally felt like we were doing band stuff and made me feel like Morfonica's finally made it!
Marina: Fufu, sounds like you're raring to go.
Toko: You bet! I'm at max motivation right now! I can't wait to play another show~!
Marina: I see, I see~. I guess that last concert really made an impact on you, huh?
Toko: The deepest of impacts!
Toko: I mean, it's not like it was just how we performed. All the other bands were amazing too!
Toko: Which is why thanks to them, I've got some goals now.
Marina: Huh! Goals! Like what? Wanna share?
Toko: First, I wanna inspire the crowd! And, I wanna do a show that's even more hype! Also, no messing up on stage!
Marina: Oh~, that's a lot of goals.
Toko: Hey, who says you can only have one?! The more goals I have, the more goals I have to achieve!
Toko: Plus, every goal I have is just another one for us to work towards as a band!
Toko: Which is why I just can't wait... I want us to do more shows so bad!
Marina: Fufu, that's good to hear. Sounds like I've got a lot to look forward to for your next show.
Toko: Aw man, just you wait! It's gonna be the stuff!
Toko: We'll make it so incredible, the only thing you'll be able to remember by the end is how awesome Morfonica is!
Toko: ... Anyway, looks like I gotta go! Alright, Marina-san! See ya later~!
