1504_Toko Kirigaya_R4 Drowsy at the Table

Gacha phrase: ... Ugh, so sleepy. I'll just eat first...

<Toko’s Art of Using Chat Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Toko: Yawn~... I was seriously sleepy in class just now~.
Nanami: Your head dropped a couple of times~.
Toko: The way our world history teacher talks makes me fall asleep for some reason. And they're always using weird katakana.
Mashiro: I'm amazed you're saying that...
Tsukushi: More importantly, Toko-chan, you have to listen properly in class.
Toko: Hmm, if I can stay awake, I will!
Rui: Setting that aside, we should start eating. Recess is going to end.
Tsukushi: You're right! Well then...
All: Thanks for the food! Thank you for the food.
Toko: Shiro! What do you have in your lunch today?!
Mashiro: Huh? Umm... I've got a Hamburg steak.
Toko: Seriously? Let's trade sides! Take whatever you want. Here!
Mashiro: Wh-whatever I want...?
Nanami: Wait, Toko-chan! ... Look at those!
Mashiro: What are you looking at...? Is it these crab-shaped sausages?
Toko: Whoa~, what are those?! I've never seen something like that!
Nanami: They've got such small legs, and they're so cute~!
Tsukushi: They really are! I bet if I made them for my sisters, they would love them!
Toko: Aren't these red wieners just the greatest?! They can be octopuses and crabs! C'mon, Shiro, trade me for one.
Mashiro: O-okay. I've got a few of them, so I'll give you all one. Here you go.
Toko: Yay! Thanks! Then for my trade... Here, you can have this.
Mashiro: Huh? You're giving me a piece of crab tempura that big...?! I can't trade you this for real crab...
Toko: Sure you can! They're both crabs! I'll just snap a pic of this crab and upload it.
Tsukushi: Ohh~, Toko-chan. I know how you feel, but we're eating right now.
Toko: My bad, my bad. I'll be done in a sec... Ah, almost forgot.
Toko: About the event on Sunday. Can we meet at the station entrance at noon?
Mashiro, Nanami, Tsukushi & Rui: The event on Sunday...?
Toko: Remember? The event at that tiny amusement park! The one that also has a pop-up store for a brand that recently came to Japan.
Tsukushi: Huh? Did we talk about that? Did you bring it up when I wasn't around?
Nanami: I don't remember making those plans either~.
Mashiro: Me neither... Toko-chan, are you sure you're not confusing us for someone else?
Toko: No way, I totally sent it to the Morfonica group chat. See? It's this one.
Tsukushi: Do you mean this message you sent with just a link to the event and emojis?
Nanami: You sent sun and heart emojis, so I replied with a heart emoji too~.
Toko: That was me saying we should go to this.
Mashiro, Nanami & Tsukushi: Huh?!
Tsukushi: How are we supposed to get that from just a link and emojis?
Nanami: So there was a hidden message to it~. Not even I was able to tell~.
Toko: What~? I totally thought you guys would get it.
Nanami: We're sorry, Toko-chan. But now that I think about it, a lot of your messages are like this.
Nanami: They're only ever stamps or emojis. I get the feeling you've never replied with sentences longer than one line.
Mashiro: Ah, you're right. It's always simple messages like "np" and "k."
Tsukushi: That's fine for replies, but we won't understand if you send invites with only emojis...
Nanami: Rui-rui, you're surprisingly quiet about Toko-chan's message.
Rui: I am not really bothered by it. While I do not believe it to be an optimal way of replying, if I am able to understand it, I do not mind.
Rui: However, regarding her latest message, I did not recognize it as an invitation, and I believed it to be none of my concern.
Toko: There you go again... If you don't have some fun now and again, your heart's gonna dry up.
Rui: Right now we are discussing your messaging style.
Tsukushi: That's right, Toko-chan. For important messages like this, you have to tell us in actual words.
Tsukushi: I didn't think the message was an invite, so I already made plans for Sunday.
Nanami: I've got my part-time job, so I can't go either. Sorry, Toko-chan.
Mashiro: Me neither... I made plans with Ako-chan and LOCK-chan...
Toko: Seriously~...? Ah well. I'll invite you to some other event next time!
Mashiro: Okay. Ah, but when you do, make sure you send an actual sentence, okay...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kirigaya Residence - Toko's Room]

Toko: Aw man. I thought I'd get to go to this event with the others~.
Toko: Oh well, no biggie, I guess.
Toko: ... Oh, what's this event? It looks totally pumping! I bet it'd be a blast to go with everyone!
Toko: ... Wait, this one might be fun! Ahh, but there's this one too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Toko’s Art of Using Chat Pt. 2>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro, Nanami & Tsukushi: Hmm~...
Mashiro: The more I think about it, the more mysterious it gets...
Rui: Good morning... You all look so solemn. Has there been some kind of problem?
Tsukushi: Ah, Rui-san! Did you see the message from Toko-chan this morning?!
Mashiro: We were just trying to figure out what it means. What do you think...?
Rui: What do I think of that message...? I believe it is futile to even think about it.
Nanami: Her message was nothing but emojis again. A heart, a crab, a guitar, a bear, and a star...
Mashiro: I asked her to actually write out her messages next time...
Tsukushi: She can't help it. It's Toko-chan we're talking about. It might be something important, so let's all figure it out.
Tsukushi: She might've thought of something fun again.
Mashiro: I see... You're right. Her last message was an invitation for all of us to do something fun together, after all.
Nanami: Right~. So I've realized something about that~.
Tsukushi: What is it?
Nanami: The emojis she uses have rules to them. In her last message, she sent a sun and a heart which meant, "Let's go out on Sunday!"
Mashiro: I see. So a heart means "going out!"
Tsukushi: Her message this time also has a heart. After that is a crab, so... umm...
Nanami: She's going out for crab!
Tsukushi: Why does she suddenly want to go out for crab?!
Mashiro: Ah... Maybe it's because I ate her crab tempura yesterday...
Nanami: That was an equal trade for her, but she might've gotten in the mood for real crab.
Tsukushi: Hmm... Then what about the guitar and bear after that?
Nanami: I'm sure that's saying who she's going with.
Nanami: Judging by her circle of friends, the guitar must mean Sayo-senpai, and the bear must mean Misaki-senpai.
Tsukushi: If I remember correctly, Toko-chan got guitar lessons from Sayo-senpai before!
Nanami: Right. So, that leads to one answer...
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Which is...?
Nanami: "I'm going out for crab with Sayo-senpai and Misaki-senpai! Adios☆"
Mashiro: What?! Does that mean she skipped out on band practice to go have fun...?!
Tsukushi: And the star emoji at the end makes it seem like it's not a big deal... Ohh~, that girl!
Tsukushi: We've got a concert coming up soon, so I can't allow something like this! I'm going to call her! Um, her phone number is...
Toko: Sorry I'm late! I brought some good news with me though, so forgive me!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Toko-chan?!
Toko: Oh man~, I think it's been a while since I stayed up that late! But I found some super ultra-fun eve-
Tsukushi: W-wait! What about Sayo-senpai and Misaki-senpai?
Toko: Huh? What're you talking about?
Mashiro: I mean, aren't you going out for crab with the two of them...?
Toko: Crab? I didn't make any plans like that.
Nanami: Huh? Then what was this message about?
Toko: What is this? ... Ah, was I the one who sent this?
Rui: Sigh... Did I not warn you? It is futile to think about it.
Rui: I can only imagine that she was simply half asleep.
Toko: Was I...? Ah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: ... Yawn~... So sleepy...
Toko: ... Umm... I've gotta message the others about that event...
Toko: ... It's no use. I'm so tired. I've gotta eat first...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: I left my phone screen as is, so I might've accidentally sent something weird without realizing it...
Nanami: Ahaha. So that's all it was~. My deduction was completely off~.
Mashiro: Fufu. That's a little surprising though. I always thought you were a morning person, so I can't imagine you being half asleep.
Nanami: If you take classes with her, you'll be able to see her nodding off~.
Toko: Ahaha, that's only for world history!
Tsukushi: Hey! This isn't something to laugh about!
Tsukushi: The same thing happened just yesterday, so we all tried really hard to figure out the meaning of your message!
Toko: Ah, I'm really sorry about that! I didn't do it out of spite. In fact, you could say I didn't even realize it...
Toko: I was looking through social media and found a bunch of events that seemed like they'd be fun if we went together. Before I knew it, it was pretty much time to get up.
Tsukushi: So, does that mean your message this morning was actually you wanting to send us a link to an event again?
Toko: Yup. Except I wasn't able to.
Nanami: In that case, we were right about you coming up with something fun and trying to tell us about it~.
Mashiro: Fufu... You never change, Toko-chan.
Rui: But your messaging style does need to be improved. I cannot see you making any effort at all.
Toko: C'mon, this was more like an accident! If I'd been completely awake, something like this wouldn't have-
Tsukushi: You're affected way too easily! At least be sorry about it!
Toko: Oh, come on~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
