1588_Toko Kirigaya_R3 Massive Splash

<Always Late but an Hour Early>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Mashiro: There are still thirty minutes until our meeting time... I guess I got here too soon. But I woke up early.
Mashiro: There's no way anyone else will be here yet...
Toko: Hey~! Shiro~!
Mashiro: Toko-chan?!
Toko: Morning! You're here already. I bet you were so excited to go camping with everyone that you woke up early, huh?
Mashiro: Y-yeah, I did... But, Toko-chan, how long have you been waiting here?
Toko: Hm~, for about thirty minutes, I guess.
Mashiro: That long?! But you're always late to practice...
Toko: What're you talking about? Don't you know our trip's already started? We have to make the most of it!
Toko: Plus, don't you know the saying?! "Trips start the moment you open your eyes!" It's like, "the trip isn't over until you get back home~!"
Mashiro: I-is that actually a saying...? I don't think I've heard it before...
Toko: Anyway, just think about it, Shiro. I bet everyone is doing a final luggage check right about now. Isn't it awesome that we get to enjoy the feeling of traveling before them?
Mashiro: But we're still just at the entrance to the station... What were you doing to enjoy it?
Toko: That's obvious~... Ta-dah! This! I was using my phone!
Toko: After I uploaded some selfies to show how pumped I was for the trip, I got a bunch of comments right away~. So I was replying to them!
Toko: With that said...
Toko: Okay! Shiro, now it's your turn to show your hype for the trip!
Mashiro: What?! Are you taking a video right now?
Toko: Ahaha. Don't worry about it~! I won't upload yours!
Mashiro: Huh...? But this is embarrassing...
Mashiro: I, uh... can't talk as well as you do...
Toko: You don't have to be so stiff. Just take it easy! Think of it as a memory for today!
Toko: C'mon, Shiro. Share a few words before we depart on our fun camping trip!
Mashiro: U-um...
Mashiro: I'm scared of bugs, but this is the first time I'm going camping with everyone, so... I'm looking forward to it.
Toko: So in other words, you've got a crazy amount of excitement and anticipation for the trip? Yeah, that's a great comment!
Mashiro: D-do you think so...?
Toko: When everyone gets here, let's show this to them!
Mashiro: What...? It'd be embarrassing to show it to the others too...
Toko: Showing it to everyone in Morfonica is totes okay! They're your bandmates, after all!
Toko: Okay, let's keep this pace and get even more comments! Um, the next topic's gonna be...
Mashiro: A-are we still going?
Toko: Of course! You've gotta tell me all about what you want to do during camp~. Ah, and I'm gonna have you show me what's in your bag too!
Toko: We're going camping, so you're bound to have some interesting stuff you don't normally have!
Mashiro: Th-there's nothing like that in my bag~!
Toko: That's cool! When everyone else gets here, I'll have to take the same videos with them too.
Mashiro: Even Rui-san?
Toko: You bet! Oh, and also~... Ah!
Mashiro: What's wrong, Toko-chan?
Toko: Hey, look, Shiro! That café over there is selling shaved ice!
Mashiro: Oh? It is?
Toko: That café’s shaved ice is famous for how great it looks in pics, so I've been wanting to check it out.
Toko: Okay, let's go, Shiro! Getting to have shaved ice before we go camping is totally awesome!
Mashiro: Huh? Wh-what...? What about the video...?
Toko: That can wait until later! C'mon, c'mon, if we don't hurry, we won't have any time to buy shaved ice!
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan! Wait~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Limitless Guitarist>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Edogawa Music]

Toko: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hiya~!
Marina: Hello, Toko-chan. Are you buying something today?
Toko: Yeah! I came to buy some guitar strings. I've got band practice after this, so I wanted to buy them before then.
Toko: More importantly, you've got great timing! I have some pics I wanted to show both of you~.
Marina: You do? What are they?
Toko: They're from when we all went to hang out at a river the other day! Isn't this one crazy?!
Marina: Wow~! You all look like you're having fun.
Toko: Yeah! It was loads of fun!
Marina: Fufu. Going to a river with your band sounds like a great way to remember the summer vacation.
Toko: Are you kidding me? Summer vacation is only just getting started.
Toko: I'm gonna do all sorts of things and enjoy myself so much I'll have my summer vacation begging for mercy!
Toko: And to prove it... Ta-dah! Take a look at this. It's my summer break schedule for! Every day is jam-packed!
Marina: It is too. That's impressive. You'll be so busy!
Marina: ... Huh? But don't you have two activities planned for the same time on this day?
Toko: What? ... You're right! Oh my gosh~! My promise to go hang out with my friends is totally overlapping with band practice!
Toko: Ah, but the practice is in the afternoon, so if I schedule hanging out in the morning, would that fix it?
Toko: Okay! I'll send a quick message to my friends asking to move our plans... And send!
Marina: Is it okay for you to put plans right before band practice? Wouldn't that tire you out...?
Toko: It's totally fine! If anything, I think if I go have fun in the morning and practice while I'm still hyped up, it'll make my performance even better than normal!
Toko: Oh man~, I was scared for a second, but that turned out all right! I really gotta hand it to myself! This schedule is seriously the best!
Marina: You're amazing, Toko-chan.
Toko: Of course! I'm a musician, after all.
Toko: I don't skimp out when it comes to having fun or my band. I'm always at full power!
Marina: "I'm a musician," huh? Toko-chan, you've grown so much without me even realizing it.
Toko: Well of course! I'm totally growing and evolving every single day!
Marina: Fufu. And does a growing girl like you have enough time to make it for her practice today?
Toko: Oh no! Is it this late already?! I've gotta buy guitar strings and get over to Nanami's place right away!
Toko: Okay, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! See you around at CiRCLE!
Toko: Alright! I'll be rockin' it again today!
