1636_Toko Kirigaya_R3 Making Monster Friends

<Undead Creator>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Goblin Town]

Toko: I just whipped up one heck of a T-shirt design~! I am such a genius!
Toko: For now, I need to go add this to the shop as an item!
Mashiro & Tsukushi: T-Toko-chan~!
Toko: Oh, did you two come to check out my shirt? What do you think of this design?! People are gonna just love this, don'tcha think?!
Tsukushi: Wow, that's lovely... Wait, now's not the time for that! We just saw a weird goblin over there...
Toko: A weird goblin...?
Tsukushi: Yes! It was staggering around even though it had zero health...
Mashiro: It's strange... When a goblin's health falls to zero, it's supposed to go to sleep and rest...
Tsukushi: That goblin we just saw... was kind of like one of those things. Those things in horror movies...
Mashiro: Yeah, I thought so too. It was like a zombie.
Toko: You don't say~? That is weird. Maybe it's some kinda event?
Tsukushi: Hmm, it didn't seem like it... I wonder what's going on...
Mashiro: We were thinking about telling Rui-san about this too. Would you come with us...?
Toko: Okay. Ah, mind if we drop by the shop on the way?
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: There don't seem to be any goblins here like the one we saw earlier...
Mashiro: Y-yeah... Ah, but look. Over there is...
Goblin: ...
Tsukushi: Ah~! There it is~! The zombie goblin!
Toko: Ah, they're dead tired again~. Jeez, guess I'll have to handle this~... And zap!
Goblin: ...! Ahhh~!!
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Huh?!
Toko: Nice! I'm glad you're feeling better~!
Tsukushi: T-Toko-chan, what did you just do...?
Toko: I just zapped them with a little Enthusiast.
Toko: You know how when the goblins work, they start to get more and more tired, right?
Toko: I felt kinda sorry for them, so I used my skill to perk them up.
Toko: And that's how they got like this!
Mashiro: If you boost their motivation, they can work even if their health is zero...?
Toko: Hmm... Ah, it's like this. When you sleep over a friend's house, sometimes you stay up late, right?
Toko: You get so hyped when that happens. You're tired, but you have fun no matter what, don'tcha?
Toko: I bet the goblins are just like that too!
Mashiro: I-I wonder...
Toko: But if I take my eyes off them for a bit, they get all tired like this goblin just was~.
Toko: Ah, speaking of that, there were more tired goblins, weren't there? Okay, just you wait! I'm coming to give you an energy boost~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Toko-chan is late. Practice is from one o'clock...
Rui: It is already half past one.
Mashiro: She said she'd be a little late in the group chat, but this doesn't feel like a "little" at all to me...
Tsukushi: Argh~! She's always late!
Nanami: Ahaha... By the way, have you guys heard? I think the full version of Special Fantasy is coming out soon.
Tsukushi: Everyone was talking about it on social media! But it seems like the game mechanics have changed a lot from the trial version.
Mashiro: What are "game mechanics"?
Nanami: I heard they've rethought some of the skills you can use. I think you can't use Enthusiast anymore.
Mashiro: Enthusiast... That was the skill Toko-chan was using, right? Why is it gone?
Nanami: Well~... Ah, this might be the reason. The makers said, "We would like to notify you about the unintended behavior of certain Skills."
Nanami: "A bug has been fixed that was allowing the Enthusiast skill to make characters with zero health move."
Nanami: "We were able to find this bug due to the actions of a user who played the trial version."
Tsukushi: ... Do you think that user could've been...
Toko: I'm here~! Sorry I'm late~!
Tsukushi: Ah, Toko-chan! We were just talking about Special Fantasy. I just knew the goblins from that one time were a bug!
Toko: Goblins? Bugs? What are you talking about?
Mashiro: Remember? In Special Fantasy you used Enthusiast on those goblins with zero health to make them move...
Toko: Special Fantasy... Oh, that? Was that the puzzle game we played recently?
Tsukushi: No!
Toko: Really? Well, anyway, you've gotta hear this! I have this really sweet idea for our next show~.
Toko: Listen good~. On stage, we can...
Mashiro: The way she's sounding... I don't think she remembers a thing...
Tsukushi: Jeez... She's so unreliable.
Toko: Right? So If we do that, our show will probably blow people away. Man, I'm such a genius~!


<My Way Everywhere>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Hmm... Ah, this shirt would be hot with a splash of color on the bottom!
Toko: Man~, I'm about to set the fashion world on fire again! I'm such a genius~.
Marina: Hi, Toko-chan! You look happy.
Toko: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Perfect timing! Check out this T-shirt design~!
Toko: I'm gonna debut this under my brand! Isn't it the coolest?
Marina: Wow, that's cool~. I think I'd grab that in a heartbeat if I saw it in a shop.
Toko: Good 'ol Marina-san! You get it~. My design skills are off the charts right now.
Toko: I dunno why, but I've been getting a ton of ideas I've never had before~.
Marina: Fufu. Oh, really? Have you done something new that's sparked your imagination?
Toko: Something new... Hrm? I feel like I did...
Toko: Ah, video games! Maybe it's because I played a video game!
Marina: You played a game? Are you talking about Special Fantasy?
Marina: Tsukushi-chan told me about that. You did things like go on adventures and build a town, right?
Toko: Yeah, yeah! I made TOKO Town on an empty island!
Marina: Huh? I heard it was in another world, not a deserted island...
Toko: Oh, was it? Well, it's all the same to me! No need to sweat the details!
Marina: I-I think those might be different things...
Toko: They're the same! Whether I'm on an empty island or in another world, my mission is always the same.
Toko: Set up a stylish café~, get about 10,000 friends~, and create the TOKO brand~.
Toko: Next, my café and brand would become super popular, and then I'd throw a TOCO event!
Toko: And then I'd think of all kinds of exciting events~... Ah, and of course, Morfonica would play shows to bring the events to a close!
Toko: People would lose their minds when they hear me on guitar!
Marina: You have so many dreams~. But I think you can actually make them come true.
Toko: Ah, but don't worry. I'm gonna invite you two to the shows!
Marina: Fufu, looking forward to them.
Toko: You better come! I'm gonna put on one heck of a show!
Toko: Yikes! It's this time already! I've gotta hurry to Nanami's atelier...!
Marina: Are you having band practice?
Toko: Yes! So I need to go home first and grab my guitar! See ya!
Marina: Okay, see you~! Bye~.
