1659_Toko Kirigaya_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: ...! I-is this what they call a surprise...?

<Five O'Clock Fun>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: It looks like Toko-chan's here. Is everyone ready?
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Toko: I'm so late! My bad, you guys. It's ridiculous that I had to do class duties on my birthday~.
Rui, Nanami, Tsukushi & Mashiro: Happy Birthday!
Toko: ...! I-is this... a surprise party...?
Toko: ... Oh man, I'm super touched! Thanks, you guys! Hey, hey! Can I grab that?
Tsukushi: Grab...? Do you mean record?
Toko: You got it! I'm hooked on this alarm clock that lets me take alarm recordings right now!
Toko: It's my goal to wake up to a different person's voice for 365 days!
Nanami: If it's you we're talking about, I bet you could gather 365 people right away.
Toko: Yeah, it'll be a cinch! By the way, I plan on waking up to Shiro's voice tomorrow!
Mashiro: M-mine?!
Toko: You guys are already set on giving me messages, so I wanna ask Sayo-san, O-Tae-san, Misaki-san, and Kaoru-san too.
Rui: ... Why are you making it seem natural that all of us will record a message? And do you not think that would be an inconvenience to our seniors?
Toko: Meh, I'm sure it'll be fine! First up is Shiro. Gimme a message that'll make me wanna wake up in the morning!
Toko: Three, two, one... Go for it!
Mashiro: Huh?! U-um... Toko-chan, good... morning... H-how was that...?
Toko: Hrm~. Can you pump that up more? Like, "It's morning! Get happy!" Something full of adrenaline!
Mashiro: F-full of adrenaline...?
Toko: Try belting it out from your stomach. "Good morning~!" Something like that!
Mashiro: Th-that's impossible~...
Toko: Next up is Rui! For you... let's see. Say something that'll have all mankind pop awake-
Rui: I must ask that you not make impossible requests.
Toko: It's totally not impossible! I'm gonna grab an awesome message from ya☆


<Eighteenth Time’s the Charm>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Toko Kirigaya)

[Park]

Kaoru: Greetings, Toko-chan. Happy Birthday.
Toko: Kaoru-san! Thank you!
Kaoru: Listen carefully. All life, from the smallest bird to the sun filtering through the trees, is celebrating in your honor... How fleeting.
Toko: Well, when you get to my level, you're bound to get blessings from the entire world!
Kaoru: Oh? That trinket you have in your hand... Would that happen to be a table clock?
Toko: This is an alarm clock, and you can record voices on it as alarms!
Toko: So, I decided to wake up to a different voice for 365 days. I'm collecting wake-up alarms from different people!
Kaoru: I see. That alarm clock is equipped with a truly superb feature.
Toko: By the way, I had everyone in Morfonica give me messages, too~!
Kaoru: Fufu. What magnificent companions.
Toko: Kaoru-san, please give me a message to wake up to!
Kaoru: Yes, gladly. It is a request from none other than yourself, after all. Now then... Here I go.
Kaoru: Good morning, Toko-chan. Did you sleep well? I pray that you have another fleeting day today.
Toko: Thank you very much!! Could I give it a listen to make sure I recorded it properly?
Kaoru: Yes, but of course.
Kaoru: Good morning, Toko-chan. Did you sleep well? I pray that you have another fleeting day today.
Toko: Kaoru-san, you really are the best! That was insanely good! Something tells me that if I can wake up to your voice in the morning, I'll start my day super excited!
Kaoru: ... Would you wait for a moment?
Toko: Huh?
Kaoru: That recording felt as though it was somewhat lacking in fleetingness.
Toko: Are you sure? For me, that was a wickedly awesome alarm...
Kaoru: Would it be possible for me to record it once more? I do not wish to present you with a half-hearted message on a clock you will use throughout your lifetime.
Toko: Kaoru-san...!
Toko: Got it! If you insist, let's keep recording until we get something you're satisfied with!
(Black cut)
Toko: I dunno. I'm already happy with it as it is...
Kaoru: It did have fleetingness... And yet, I feel the ultimate form of fleetingness is almost within my grasp. Would you permit me to redo it one last time...?
Toko: What?! But that'll be the eighteenth time!
Toko: Personally, I think it's already an awesomely invincible and legendary alarm!
Kaoru: Is that so? If you truly believe so, then please go with that.
Toko: Thank you so much!! Yes! Now I've got an alarm from Kaoru-san~!
