1681_Toko Kirigaya_R4 I’m Begging You D.C.

Gacha phrase: I promise I won't tell anyone else. So just admit it to your pal Toko-san.

<Enthusiastic Party Girl>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Toko Kirigaya)

[Riverside]

Toko: Sigh~, I bought so much! Now I've got the perfect amount of ingredients for the chocolates! There's no doubt I'll make god-tier chocolates!
Toko: ... Hm? Who are those people walking this way? Is that... Ran-san, Himari-san~!
Himari: Ah, it's Toko-chan. Yoohoo♪
Ran: You've kinda got a lotta bags there... You've got one, two... four entire plastic bags? Toko, what did you even buy?
Toko: Oh, are you curious~? Well~, I was planning on hand-making some chocolates, and I just finished buying the ingredients!
Ran: Huh. So you can make chocolates.
Toko: Obviously! That's because I have pro-level skills!
Toko: Morfonica's gonna have a Valentine's Day party soon, but when the others see my chocolates, there's no doubt they'll be so blown away they'll cry buckets!
Himari: A Valentine's Day party with handmade chocolates?! I'm so jealous~! I wish we could have one too~!
Toko: I know, right~?! You should have one! It'd definitely be a blast!
Himari: ... Ran~?
Ran: Hold on, Himari. You can look at me with those puppy-dog eyes all you want, but I'm not doing it.
Himari: What~?! Let's have a Valentine's Day party~!
Himari: I'm begging you~!
Ran: Hey! Himari, you're too close...
Ran: Never mind us... Even if you're having a Valentine's Day party, you don't need that many ingredients, right?
Toko: Are you kidding? I totally need all of them! That's because I'm thinking of making chocolate statues of myself!
Toko: I plan to give my chocolate statues out to tons of other people. So I figured I'd whip up a bunch at the same time!
Himari: Toko-chan...
Ran: Chocolate statues...?
Ran: Huh? What made you come up with that?
Toko: You know how I'm definitely gonna make it big, right? So I'm sure they'll build a statue of me at Tsukinomori someday.
Toko: That's why I decided to preempt that statue and make my own in chocolate!
Himari: I see... But wouldn't chocolate statues be way too big?
Toko: The plan is to make them palm-sized! ... Ah, that reminds me! I have something I wanna ask you both.
Toko: I'm having trouble deciding what color I should make the statues~. What color do the two of you think would be good?
Himari: Huh?! Um, they're statues, so... what about red?
Toko: Whoa~, that'd be awesome! A red chocolate statue sounds like a total rush~!
Toko: Ah, but wouldn't a variation of different colors be a blast? Like pink, yellow, or even blue!
Ran: Pink and yellow might be fine. Blue seems like it would kill my appetite...
Toko: Aww~. I thought blue would be awesomely cool~.
Toko: Hey! Better yet, why don't I just make it rainbow-colored?!
Toko: I'll make it sparkly and super colorful all over~. And the base will be in a cute pink and yellow!
Toko: Isn't that the greatest idea?! I really am a genius~!
Himari: A rainbow-colored chocolate statue... I can't quite picture it... but if you insist it's so good, then maybe... it'll be super trendy...!
Ran: Himari, calm down. If the chocolate was rainbow-colored, it'd just be creepy.
Toko: And then, I'll make the wrapping for them really glamorous too~... Wait. Oh crud!
Himari & Ran: ...?
Toko: I forgot to arrange a mold for the chocolate statues!
Toko: Aw man, I totally messed up. But if I placed an order right now... it might barely make it on time for the party.
Toko: Now that that's settled, I have to get home quick! Well, Ran-san. Himari-san. See ya later!
Himari: Ah, there she goes...
Ran: She really is high-spirited.
Himari: Y-yeah... I wonder if she's actually gonna make chocolate statues...
Ran: She said she was gonna order a mold now, but... Well, it's Toko we're talking about. So even if the chocolate statues don't work out, she'll think of something.
Himari: When you put it like that... you might be right!
Ran: Well, why don't we get going too? Our train's coming.
Himari: Right! Let's go.


<Valentine’s Day Is Awesome!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Toko: Hum, hum~♪
Marina: ... Huh? Toko-chan. Hello.
Toko: If it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! What're you up to?
Marina: We just finished a shopping errand and are headed back to CiRCLE. What about you?
Toko: I was thinking of going with my friends to a sweets place we're curious about! The limited Valentine's Day sweets there looked super good.
Marina: Fufu. Valentine's Day is so nice, isn't it? When this season comes around, there are so many delicious-looking chocolate sweets.
Toko: I totally know what you mean! It's like Valentine's Day is seriously awesome!
Toko: I had a bunch of really tasty chocolates the other day too!
Marina: Wow. Is there another popular sweets shop?
Toko: Nope, it wasn't a sweets place~. Listen to this! Morfonica had a Valentine's Day party the other day!
Toko: At the time, we made our own chocolates together and exchanged them. Every chocolate was totally wicked!
Marina: Is that so? Having a party together sounds like so much fun.
Toko: It was super fun! After all, my chocolates were absolutely genius!
Toko: Even Rui looked at my chocolates like they were totally god-tier!
Marina: Wow, she did? That's amazing.
Toko: Shiro was totally surprised by my deft chocolate-making skills.
Marina: You must be really skilled at it.
Toko: Of course I am! My skills are totally pro-level! I'm sure Shiro was definitely wanting to be my apprentice.
Marina: Fufu. I see. So, what kind of chocolates did you make?
Toko: I made lollipop chocolates! I used a chocolate spray and chocolate writing pen to decorate them, so they were super flashy!
Marina: I bet they were so cute~. I wish I could've seen them too.
Toko: Of course, I have some for you and {{userName}}-san too! Ta-dah!
Marina: Whoa, thank you! I'm so happy you'd think of us... Huh? The design on this wrapping... Is this you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Yep! And inside, you'll find my awesomely perfect chocolates! Feel free to upload pics of both online!
Toko: … Ah, crud! I'm late for the meet-up time! I've gotta get going!
Toko: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Thank you for letting me share so much with you!
Marina: Oh no, thank you. Enjoy your sweets!
