1753_Toko Kirigaya_R5 Freaking Fabulous Photo

Gacha phrase: Well? Do I look like I'm having fun?

<A Slightly Early Summer Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Okay, why don't we end today's practice here?
Mashiro: Good job, everyone.
Toko: It's so hot~. I'm sweating like crazy. Hasn't it felt like summer recently?
Tsukushi: It's still too early to call this summer... but it's definitely gotten warmer lately.
Rui: The temperature today is that of a typical summer day. It would not be strange if you felt hot.
Toko: If it feels like a summer day, then that means it is summer. Summer, summer~♪ Summer has come~♪
Toko: ... So, why don't we all go to the pool this weekend? I say we go, so we're going.
Tsukushi: Wh-whaaat~?!
Rui: Today may feel like a summer day, but the seasons have not actually changed yet.
Nanami: Toko-chan, you're always quick to invite us to do something, but this time was especially fast~.
Mashiro: Why do you want to go to a pool all of a sudden...?
Toko: Well, I was asked as an influencer to come check out a pool this weekend that's gonna open this summer~.
Toko: It sounds like it's okay for me to bring friends, so I figured we could all go.
Tsukushi: You "figured"...? Sigh... Even if you spring something on us like this, we still have practices...
Rui: We did not schedule any practice sessions for this weekend.
Tsukushi: Huh?! W-we didn't...?!
Nanami: She's right. We're off~. Toko-chan, you got asked to go on a good day.
Toko: Whoa, this is perfect, then. We're totally going now!
Mashiro: Judging by how you said that... you'd forgotten that we didn't have practice this week, didn't you?
Toko: Well~, there's no need to worry about stuff like that!
Tsukushi: But I wonder why it's only this weekend that we have two days of no practice... Did we forget to schedule them?
Nanami: If I recall correctly, didn't we decide to take these two days to relax after scheduling so many practices without any days off?
Mashiro: ... Now that you mention it, I feel like we did talk about that.
Toko: Chilling at a pool would be the best! Isn't this plan, like, pure genius?
Toko: Pictures of the pool look insanely gorgeous. And since it's just a day for influencers, there shouldn't be many people, so we should have a super relaxing time.
Toko: If you're worried about swimsuits, you all have the ones you wore when we went out last time, right?
Mashiro: B-but we're... not like you Toko-chan. We're not influencers... So is really okay for us to go?
Toko: It's fine, it's fine! I checked, and it's okay for me to bring friends who aren't influencers. You guys can just have fun like you normally would.
Rui: It is only at times like these that you thoroughly confirm things.
Toko: What the heck~? It's better than us showing up for a good time and then finding out that I'm the only one who can get in, right?
Tsukushi: You're not wrong about that, but still...
Nanami: Well, since Toko-chan has invited us, I say we should go~. It's rare to have a chance to go to a pool before it officially opens.
Toko: Nanami~! I knew you'd get it~. That's what I'm talking about~.
Rui: I do not understand what you are talking about.
Toko: Guys, here! Look at these pictures the pool people gave me! Doesn't it look freaking fabulous?
Tsukushi: Oh wow... You're right!
Mashiro: It looks like some kind of exotic resort. It's amazing...
Nanami: I didn't know they could make a place that looked so wonderful~. This place is going to be packed once it opens~.
Toko: Yep! It so will! I'm gonna get the word out, so like a million people will come once this spot opens!
Toko: That's why I'm saying we should go before that happens! You feel what I'm saying, Rui~?!
Rui: We can have a more relaxing time at a place with fewer people than at one which is crowded. Am I understanding you correctly?
Nanami: Yep, I think you've got the gist of it~.
Toko: Shiro, Fusuke, you guys wanna go now too, right?
Mashiro: I'm a little nervous because influencers will be there... but I think I'd like to go.
Tsukushi: Y-yeah... Me too!
Toko: Alright! Then, it's happening! This weekend, we're all going to the pool! Summer is here~!
Nanami: It's here~! This is so exciting~.
Tsukushi: I-it's been a while since I've worn my swimsuit... I'll have to check if it still fits okay.
Mashiro: Y-you're not the only one...!
Rui: Is it safe for us to leave the details of the day of our outing to you, Kirigaya-san?
Toko: Okay! I'll take care of it!
Tsukushi: Where's this pool close to? Where should we meet...?
Toko: Uhh~, it's near somewhere. I think it's close to that one station.
Tsukushi: That one station...? Argh~, are you really going to organize this?
Toko: Relax. I'll have everything checked out by the day we go.
Rui: It will be trouble for us if you do that. You should decide on things like a meeting time and so forth in advance, should you not?
Toko: You worry too much. I'll tell you guys what to do once I've figured it out. Swimming pool, swimming pool~♪ This is gonna be so much fun~, we're gonna have so much fun~♪
Mashiro: ... I'm excited to go, but...
Tsukushi: Are we really going to be okay...?


<A Slightly Early Summer Pt. 2>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Resort Pool]

Toko: We're here~! Hey, isn't this place freaking gorgeous?!
Tsukushi: This place is way prettier than it looked in the pictures!
Mashiro: The other people here are influencers, right? They all look so glamorous~...
Toko: Relax, relax! There are probably a lot of people here who are friends of influencers too, just like you guys are.
Mashiro: O-oh...
Nanami: We don't get to do things like this often, so let's take a look around first. Toko-chan, is that okay?
Toko: You betcha! Is there someplace you wanna go first?
Tsukushi: There was a place with a self-serve drink station and sweets near the entrance. I think there's a waterslide back that way too!
Rui: You know a great deal about this facility.
Tsukushi: I got a map when we came through the entrance a few minutes ago.
Toko: Way to go, Fusuke~! You're really trying to squeeze the most outta this place!
Tsukushi: H-hey~, don't tease me like that~! Since we're here, I just thought we should try to enjoy as much as we can.
Nanami: Nice, I like the way you think, Tsu-chan~. I think I'll save the drinks and sweets for after we have a little fun. First, I want to go to the waterslide.
Toko: Okay~! Then, let's go to the waterslide!
Tsukushi: Ah, Toko-chan, wait~! It's not safe to run!
(Black cut)
Toko: Whoa! You can catch some crazy speed on this waterslide! Let's ride it again! And then another 5,000 times!
Mashiro: I-if we ride it that much, we'll get dizzy~!
Toko: Hey, this swan pool float is so cute! Nanami, let's get on it!
Nanami: Sure, let's take it for a spin~♪ It looks like one more person can fit on it. Rui-rui, join us~. C'mon, c'mon.
Rui: I have not agreed to ride that yet...
Tsukushi: Ah, there's a heart float over here! Mashiro-chan, let's ride it together.
Mashiro: Okay! ... Fufu, it feels so nice and soft~.
(Black cut)
Toko: Phew~, that was fun~! Waterslides, pool floats... And this is how to top it all off. With these cool-looking drinks and sweets!
Nanami: I'm glad we found some deck chairs that were free. Let's rest for a bit~.
Mashiro: We rode the waterslide so many times with Toko-chan... I'm a little tired...
Toko: Don't talk like that~. Here, try some of this yummy drink. It'll zap those tired feelings right away.
Mashiro: Okay, thank you... It's delicious! So smooth and refreshing~!
Tsukushi: I see... So it's not just the looks. They thought a lot about the flavor too...
Tsukushi: Not only is this pool incredibly beautiful, but the drinks and sweets here are also top-notch.
Tsukushi: Plus, the changing rooms are really nice. It's so easy to use and has a lot of lockers...
Nanami: ... Tsu-chan?
Tsukushi: And there are many swimsuits with different styles and colors that you can rent that it's almost hard to choose one...
Rui: Futaba-san, it seems you have really been paying close attention to what this facility has to offer.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Ah, well... I want to have fun, but I thought I should also remember some good things about this place that Toko-chan can use to promote it...
Mashiro: You've been thinking about that...?! What am I going to do? Those things never crossed my mind...!
Toko: Fusuke... I'm so happy you've been thinking about stuff like that! But... you came as my guest. Stop thinking and have more fun.
Toko: And, besides, the best kind of promotion is pics of me having a crazy good time with my friends.
Tsukushi: B-but...
Toko: It's cool, it's cool! C'mon, don't worry about every little thing. Let's have fun! Like this... Whoosh!
Tsukushi: Splash! A-argh~! I was just trying to look out for you~! Take this!
Rui: ...
Nanami: Uh-oh~... Tsu-chan, you need to aim better~... Like this!
Toko: Ahh! You've gone and done it now, Nanami~! Prepare for my super-mega wave! Here it comes~!
Mashiro: W-wait, Toko-chan! That'll get us soaking w- Ahh...!
(Black cut)
Toko: Huff, huff... Ahaha! Now, everyone's drenched! This is too funny!
Nanami: Shiro-chan, I was really impressed by how well you used Toko-chan as bait to splash me with water~.
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan... I'm sorry.
Toko: That was a nice move! You were too cool, Shiro~! Sigh~, that was great! ... Ah, that reminds me!
Toko: Nanami, will you take a picture of me? It'll be to promote this place. I feel like I can give just the right look now.
Nanami: Okay~! I have accepted this grand task~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Well? Do I look like I'm having fun?
Tsukushi: Since we're at a pool, why don't you get on a float and hold your drink?
Toko: No, no, the expression on my face is more important than that stuff. I'm telling you, a happy face is the best way to promote something.
Nanami: You certainly look like you're having a good time~. You're a natural at this.
Nanami: Okay, ready~? Three, two, one...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Nice. I think this shot turned out pretty good~.
Toko: Ah, that's fantastic! Thank you, Nanami! I'll post this picture later!
Rui: Now that that is done, it would be wise to post some of the pleasing aspects of this place as well, would it not?
Toko: The drinks are super good, and the waterslide is crazy fun... That's good enough, don't you think?
Tsukushi: Shouldn't you say what kind of drinks are here, and what kind of waterslide it is...? Is it really okay not to include those kinds of things?
Toko: I told you, didn't I? The best way to promote something is by showing you're having fun! That's how this works! C'mon, why don't we all get a picture together?
Mashiro: I-is that really okay...?
Nanami: Toko-chan sure shut that down nicely, now didn't she~?
Rui: Futaba-san, I think it may be a good idea to share the features of this facility that you summarized earlier with Kirigaya-san.
Tsukushi: Fufu... Agreed. I'll tell her later.
Toko: C'mon, I'm taking the picture now~! Get over here~!
Tsukushi: Okay~, here we come~!
