1888_Toko Kirigaya_R4 Bright and Cheerful

Gacha phrase: But the five of us are going on a New Year's trip!

<Play Together, Be Friends>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Chiyu Tamade)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Yes! That performance just now was good, wasn't it?
Toko: Yeah! My guitar was totally awesome too!
Rui: For Kirigaya-san, there are some points for improvement… But we can talk about them later, and take a break for now.
Toko: Now, get closer, you all~! You want to see the pictures I took at the New Year's trip, right?
Nanami: Wow, let me see, let me see~
Tsukushi: I heard you went with Lisa-senpai and the others. Winning a New Year's trip in a raffle, that's amazingly lucky!
Mashiro: Winning the tour is impressive… But being able to invite the rest just by them being there is amazing as well.. I could never do that for sure…
Toko: It ain't that tough right? It's not like they'd get mad at you, and if they say no you can just give up.
Nanami: You're not wrong, but it would feel awkward inviting them out of the blue~
Tsukushi: By the way, you didn't cause them any trouble during this trip, right?...
Toko: Of course not~ Rather, the seniors seemed to really respect me! They were super grateful when I helped them pick out their kimonos!
Mashiro: Yeah, everyone looks like they had fun. The kimonos are so beautiful… Lisa-san and Moca-san… and over here is Rimi-san…
Nanami: Yes, yes. Everyone looks so gorgeous~
Mashiro: …Oh? This girl here in the picture… CHU²-san? Ch, CHU²-san went with you, too...!?
Toko: Ah, sure? Didn't I tell you that?
Mashiro: You invited even CHU²-san to go with you… Toko-chan, you're incredibly fearless…!
Toko: No way, Shiro. Rather, aren't you too much of a scaredy-cat?
Mashiro: But I mean, CHU²-san is like, always angry... or tense, I should say...
Rui: Certainly, she has quite the fiery temperament.
Tsukushi: Is that so? She didn't seem like that when we were at the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY, right?
Toko: Well, I understand what Shiro and Rui are saying though~ At the beginning of the trip, she was quite grumpy.
Toko: But look! At the end, we got along so well that we even took a photo with just the two of us! We're practically besties now!
Mashiro: What? …It really is just the two of you…
Toko: CHU² actually has some unexpectedly cute sides, and if you talk with her properly, she'll understand you.
Tsukushi: … But Toko-chan. This picture that you two took…
Nanami: CHU² -chan's expression does look quite stern huh~
Tsukushi: I mean, it seems like Toko-chan's forcefully linking arms with CHU² -chan here.
Toko: No way. CHU² is just acting shy here, that's all. Look closer and you'll see.
Nanami: I see, she was shy~
Mashiro: Nanami-chan… I don't think that's the case…
Tsukushi: Jeez~. Toko-chan, you did end up causing trouble for other bands' members after all.
Toko: I said I didn’t~!
Toko: Look closely! This is a picture of us eating crepes we bought from a stall together, and another picture of us choosing souvenirs together. See, we look like we're having so much fun together right?
Rui: I can see someone having fun alright. Just you, that is.
Toko: What~~? CHU² was totally having fun too~~!
Toko: At the end, she was even crying while saying something like "The trip was so much fun, thanks a lot for inviting me". If I remember correctly, that is.
Tsukushi: Absolutely no way…
Toko: Yeees, she said that! 100% she said that!
Rui: More importantly, it's about time to start practice again.
Nanami: Ahaha, that's true~
Tsukushi: Jeez… Next time I meet her, I should say sorry to her…
Toko: Hold up, why does no one believe me~!?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Rui: Oh, over there is…
CHU² (Chiyu): Hi, what a coincidence. You look like you're pretty free.
Rui: …
CHU² (Chiyu): W- Why are you staring at me. Do you have something to say?
Rui: …It must've been tough.
CHU² (Chiyu): What?
Rui: See you.
CHU² (Chiyu): What… What was that… She throws me off balance…
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kimono Shop]

Toko: ...Achoo!
Toko: Hmm? Did I catch a cold…?
Toko: Ah, or is it someone gossiping about me? Well, Toko-san is a genius, so that much isn't surprising~! Haha!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Snap Decision, Snap Friendship!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Alright, I think that's everything we needed. Then let's head back to CiRCLE- Oh? Over there is…
Toko: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: It is Toko-chan after all. Happy new year!
Toko: Happy new year to you, too! Let's have a great year together again! What a coincidence, are you out shopping?
Marina: Yeah. CiRCLE is reopened for business after the New Year holidays, so we need to restock various things. How about you, Toko-chan?
Toko: I'm meeting up with Lisa-san! We're getting new cosmetics~
Toko: During our New Year's trip, we made a promise to go shopping for them together!
Marina: Hehe, so that's the case. I heard from Lisa-chan too, but it was quite the unusual group, wasn't it?
Toko: Lisa-san, Moca-san, Rimi-san and CHU², then me!
Marina: Why did you five go together?
Toko: I was with them all when I won the luxurious New Year's tour in a raffle~ And so it felt like I just gotta go with this group, you know?
Marina: Is that how it felt…? Well, you're really daring, aren't you Toko-chan?
Toko: Am I?
Marina: Well, usually people only invite others on trips after they've gotten somewhat close, right?
Toko: Well, that might be true. Whether you can get along or not, you wouldn't know until you get to spend time together. And so, this time it just so happened to be a trip to give us that chance!
Toko: So we went along, and everyone was super interesting, it was really fun!
Toko: I became really close to not just Lisa-san and Moca-san, but also with Rimi-san and CHU² too!
Marina: Woah, even CHU²-chan?
Toko: Yes! We took a picture of us all, here. You see?
Marina: How lovely. All of you look so happy.
Toko: CHU²  said just one pic at first, but later she let us take a photo with just us too.
Toko: At first I was thinking just what's up with her, but now it feels like we're practically besties!
Marina: It took you only one day to get close like that, that's amazing. As expected of you, Toko-chan!
Toko: Fufu! Well this is me, after all!
Toko: Oh, I got a call. Lisa-san?  … Oops! I was supposed to meet her downstairs! Sorry, I gotta go! See ya!
Marina: Ah, sure… She's already vanished. Fufu. Good to know they enjoyed the New Year's trip.
Marina: Maybe this year I should try my best to get along with everyone as well as Toko-chan.
