1941_Toko Kirigaya_R5 Feelings That Won't Reach Her

Gacha phrase: What do you think our feelings are...！

<Help Me To Write!>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Tsukushi: Starting as soon as tomorrow, we need to figure out how to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival!
Nanami: Yeah, yeah, let's all work together and do our best~!
Rui: Well then, it's time to go home. The sun is going down.
Mashiro: Yeah, I'm getting cold, too.
Tsukushi: See you tomorrow! Bye-bye~!
Nanami: Bye-bye~... Huh?
Toko: ...
Nanami: Aren't you going home, Toko-chan? You're on the same train as Shiro-chan, right?
Toko: Nanami. Do you have time after this?
Nanami: What? Yes, I do...
Toko: Then help me out a little! Let's get going...
Nanami: Wow, Toko-chan!? Don't pull me away~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: --So, what's going on, Toko-chan?
Toko: Well, you know~...
Toko: Nanami! Please! Help me write a letter of remorse...!
Nanami: Huh?
Nanami: Wow, ... you're motivated to write it!
Toko: Well, anyway...
Toko: I was remembering what happened in the Chairwoman's office, and I thought that I had done something wrong too.......
Toko: After all I'd feel bad if someone came into my room without knocking--...
Nanami: What? What do you mean?
Toko: I imagined if I was in my room and someone came in without knocking...
Toko: I would be really uncomfortable... And if someone yelled at me out of the blue, that would be really bad!
Toko: And then I realized that I did the same thing to the Chairwoman. I felt like I did something wrong.
Nanami: I see. So, that's the point Toko-chan felt bad about.
Toko: Also, we have to figure out a way to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival starting tomorrow, right? Before that, I want to finish my whole suspension and letter of remorse issue.
Toko: I'm really serious. And I'll definitely stand out from Rui!
Nanami: Eh? ... Why are you competing with her when we have to work together to do our best?
Toko: That's because Rui is too cool!
Toko: She was protecting our school and everyone without telling anyone!? What gives!?
Toko: That's really unfair, and I kind of feel like I lost!
Toko: I'm going to make Rui think I'm cool! Wait and see~!
Nanami: W-well... if Toko-chan's motivation is increasing, is that a good thing ......?
Nanami: Anyway, I'm glad that Toko-chan is motivated to write a letter of remorse.
Nanami: Of course I'll help you. If there's anything I can do, please let me know~.
Toko: Nanami, you are a real god! Thank you!
Toko: So, let me get right to it. How should I write a letter of remorse?
Nanami: ... Now that you mention it, maybe I don’t know much about it either.
Nanami: Please wait. I'm looking it up on my phone right now. ... Ah. There it is!
Nanami: Hmmm... Wow, there's a way to write a letter of remorse~.
Toko: Geez, a way to write ......? Is it not enough to just write "I'm sorry"...?
Nanami: Here, look at this. It looks like there are several ways to write it. I think this is the easiest one.
Toko: Uh... the date of the problem, the circumstances of the mistake or trouble, and you also write the facts and future precautions to prevent recurrence...
Toko: Wow, that's really tedious...
Nanami: Ahaha... Well, well, let's do one thing at a time together, shall we?
Nanami: You'll stand out more than Ruirui! Right?
Toko: That's right! Okay, I'll do my best!
Toko: I'm going to write a god-like letter of remorse that will make the Chairwoman cry!
Nanami: Yeah, yeah. Keep it up, keep it up. Well then, let's get started!
Toko: Oh, yeah~!


<I Know How You Feel But>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Well, I've worked hard all day~. You've worked hard too. Let's go home early and rest up for tomorrow--.
Toko: Marina-saaan, {{userName}}-saaan!
Marina: Oh, Toko-chan! Wow, that's a lot of stuff. Were you shopping?
Toko: That's right~. It's gonna get busy from now on, so I went all out to get pumped up!
Toko: Look at this! Isn't this bag really cool?
Marina: Wow, I love that bag! Fufu, looks like you're having a great time!
Marina: But when you say you're going to be busy, do you mean Tsukinomori Music Festival? I think it's about time, right?
Toko: Uh... That's the thing. Tsukinomori Music Festival has been canceled.
Marina: What!?
Toko: So,we, Morfonica, are going to do a signature campaign to oppose the cancellation of the festival!
Toko: We're going to collect signatures from everyone in Tsukinomori to oppose the cancellation! Chairwoman, you just wait and see~.
Marina: So that's what you meant when you said you were going to be busy. I'm kind of surprised to hear that out of the blue...
Toko: It's true. When the Chairwoman said she was going to cancel the event, we were really surprised too.
Toko: She kind of said it was to restore Tsukinomori's spirit, but...
Marina: For the Chairwoman-sensei, restoring the spirit of Tsukinomori is really important.
Marina: But... what is it about Tsukinomori's spirit that the Chairwoman-sensei is so keen to get back?
Toko: Hmm~~... I don't really know either, but--
Toko: Maybe the Chairwoman wants to return to the Tsukinomori of when she was there.
Toko: I heard from Shiro that the Chairwoman is a graduate of Tsukinomori.
Marina: Oh, really?
Toko: I bet she had a lot of fun at school when she was in high school.
Toko: That's why she's trying to bring back the Tsukinomori of that time... right?
Toko: Well, to be honest, I really understand the feeling that she wants to recommend something that she enjoyed to others.
Toko: But it's definitely not the same as forcing it on them!
Toko: I also give my own recommendations to Shiro and her friends, but if the response is iffy, I'll stop.
Toko: If they don't enjoy it, I don't enjoy it either. I don't think the Chairwoman understands that.
Marina: Indeed... If neither I nor the other person is having fun, the atmosphere would go bad.
Marina: I kind of wished the Chairwoman-sensei could have thought like Toko-chan.
Toko: ? What do you mean?
Marina: You don't have a good impression of the Chairwoman-sensei, but you can understand and sympathize with her feelings, can't you?
Marina: If the Chairwoman-sensei could acknowledge what she thinks is acceptable just like you did...
Marina: I think the outcome on Tsukinomori Music Festival might have been a little different.
Toko: You may be right... When Tsukinomori Music Festival becomes possible, I might mention it to the Chairwoman for the future~.
Toko: --Oh no, it's already this late..! Crap, I'll be scolded by my grandmother if I don't go home soon!
Toko: I really wanted to tell you two about the letter of remorse~... Sorry about that! That's for another time... Bye!
Marina: Have a safe trip home~! ... Did Toko-chan say something about a letter of remorse?
Marina: I wonder what happened... I'm curious, but I'll ask her next time I see her.
