2064_Toko Kirigaya_R5 BEST★ANGLE!

Gacha phrase: 3, 2, 1... Yay!

<5 Costumes, 5 Smiles>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Mall - Craft Store]

Toko: It's more crowded than I thought~. Maybe everyone's here for Halloween costume shopping like us.
Nanami: Fufu, could be~ So, what are you planning to buy today?
Nanami: I thought your Halloween costume design wasn’t finished yet~...
Toko: I’m not buying anything today, just looking around.
Nanami: Oh, is that notebook the one you’re using for rough drafts?
Toko: Yep! I’ve got a loose sketch going, but I want to firm up the image more.
Toko: So I figured I’d get some inspiration by seeing and feeling actual fabric!
Nanami: Got it. Then let’s go look at all kinds of fabric today~.
Toko: Yeah! Now, where should I start~.
Toko: Whoa, they’ve got so much tulle! If I use a lot of this fine mesh, it’ll be super cute, but it’ll also be hard to walk in~...
Toko: But I still want something flashy and eye-catching~...
Nanami: Yeah yeah, it’s Halloween after all~.
Nanami: Hey hey, Toko-chan. This fluffy fabric isn’t tulle, but how about it? Or not quite your style?
Toko: Ahh, that fabric’s cute, but it doesn’t breathe well.
Nanami: Then how about the one over there?
Toko: It’s wrinkle-resistant, which is great, but stains never come out of it, so it’s a no-go!
Nanami: Good point. You do walk a lot in theme parks, so you probably have to be more careful than usual...
Nanami: You really think about a lot of things from the design stage, huh?
Toko: Pretty much!
Toko: ...Well, actually, Fusuke’s the one who told me all of that!
Nanami: Ahaha, I figured. Tsu-chan always notices that kind of thing.
Toko: She told me stuff like “Make sure the shoes are comfy” and “Don’t make the costume too heavy.”
Nanami: “Too heavy,” huh~... But if you use frills...
Toko: Exactly~! More fabric means more weight, no matter what~.
Nanami: Balancing cuteness and practicality~. Sounds tough.
Toko: Totally. That’s why I want to use light materials... But the color pops better with this one...
Toko: Wait, if I tone down the tulle, maybe I can keep the volume in check... But I still wanna go big on the skirt...!
Toko: Maybe if I use a petticoat with wire... Nah, that’s definitely gonna be in the way~...
Toko: Ughhh~~, this is hard! But it’s so much fun!
Toko: Alright! Nanami, let’s go look at everything in this store from end to end!
Nanami: Yep yep, that’s the Toko-chan I know~.
Nanami: I want to pick up some stuff that might work for accessories too, so I’m happy to tag along~.
Toko: Then let’s start over there! I’m gonna make the cutest costume ever~!
Nanami: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kirigaya Residence - Toko's Room]

Toko: I’ll leave the chest design as-is... Then add some frills here... Nice, looking good!
Toko: The first sketch was fine, but this version’s way better!
Toko: Man~, I really outdid myself with this design... So cute♪
Toko: Oh, a message from Nanami.
Nanami: “How’s the costume design coming along?”
Toko: Perfect timing! I’ll take a photo of the sketch and send it!
Toko: Alright. Hope she replies soon~.
Nanami: “It’s super cute~! I really like this design~”
Toko: Knew you’d get it, Nanami~! Now to finish the designs for everyone...
Toko: Hm? Another message from Nanami?
Nanami: “Toko-chan, shouldn’t you sleep soon? It’s getting pretty late.”
Toko: Wait... Whoa, it really is late!? I wanna keep going, but if I oversleep Grandma’s gonna lecture me...
Toko: I’m really on a roll, but I guess I’ve gotta stop for now...! Tomorrow I’m finishing everyone’s design! Just you wait~!


<Amusement Park MVP>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Alright, that should be everything on the shopping list.
Marina: We've been walking all over the place... I'm a little tired. Want to stop by a café before heading back to CiRCLE?
Toko: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi there!
Marina: Hi, Toko-chan. You're full of energy today too.
Toko: Hey, you two, listen to this! I went to the amusement park with everyone from Morfonica for Halloween!
Marina: Tsukushi-chan mentioned that. You all dressed up, right?
Toko: Yep! We made super awesome costumes~!
Toko: Wanna see? Wanna see?
Marina: Wow, can I?
Toko: Of course! I’ve got tons of photos from that day on my phone~... here we go!
Marina: Wow~, you all look adorable! I’m amazed you made such beautiful costumes and props.
Marina: Just like with your live outfits—did you design the costumes and Nanami-chan make the props?
Toko: That’s right! When Nanami and I team up, we're basically unbeatable!
Toko: Oh, but this time Fusuke gave me a bunch of advice, which really helped.
Marina: Tsukushi-chan did?
Toko: Yeah! While I was working on the designs, Fusuke was like, “You’ll be walking around the park a lot, so make sure the shoes are comfy,” and “Try not to make the outfits too tiring to wear for long.”...
Toko: At first I was like, “That’s way too hard!” But... well, I pulled it off! 'Cause I’m me!
Marina: Fufu, classic Toko-chan.
Marina: But Tsukushi-chan really notices the little things. I don't think I'd have thought of all that during the design stage.
Toko: Right~? I didn’t really feel it while we were walking around the park, but once I got home, I was totally wiped...
Toko: While I was soaking in the bath, I couldn’t help thinking, “Fusuke, you’re seriously the best~!”
Toko: Also, Fusuke researched the park a ton and made a full schedule! That helped so much!
Toko: I mean, we would've had fun just winging it, but thanks to all her planning, we got to do way more than we would've otherwise.
Toko: She was totally the MVP of this amusement park trip!
Marina: Fufu. I bet she'd love to hear you say that.
Toko: You think so? I’ll make sure to tell her next time!
Toko: Ah, shoot! I’ve got a meet-up with a friend soon!
Toko: Thanks for chatting with me, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! See ya!
