2344_Toko Kirigaya_R5 Sparkling Through the Glass

Skill name: In a Snowy Town
Gacha phrase: Whoa, look! It's snow! Snow!

<Paying It Back, All Four>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[Café]

Toko: Misaki-san, Rimi-san, Kokoro-san! Thanks so much for coming to meet up for me today!
Misaki: I mean, if you tell me it's an urgent, serious talk, of course I'd come.
Rimi: Yeah... Did something happen? Like, is there some kind of trouble?
Toko: Oh, no! It's nothing like that at all!
Kokoro: Oh, is it not?
Toko: So, actually~... The reason I asked you all here today is because of Lisa-san!
Rimi: Huh? Lisa-san...?
Toko: Yep! Ever since we decided to throw that Christmas party at the daycare, we've kinda been relying on Lisa-san a lot, right?
Misaki: Yeah. She's been handling the back-and-forth with the daycare teachers, and she even took charge of all the shopping the other day...
Rimi: Before we knew it, she was doing all sorts of things for us...!
Toko: Exactly! So I got to thinking... What if we did something to thank her?
Rimi: Wow, that's such a great idea...! Let's do it!
Toko: Thank you! And the problem is... figuring out how to thank her, you know~!
Misaki: Got it... So that's what you wanted to talk about.
Toko: Exactly! I figured we'd come up with a better idea if we all brainstormed together, right?
Kokoro: You want to make Lisa happy, right? Then how about giving her a present? I'm sure it'll put a smile on her face!
Misaki: I think it's a good idea. It's classic, but it gets your feelings across.
Rimi: Oh, but...
Misaki: Huh? Something wrong?
Rimi: I feel like Lisa-san might hold back on something like that...
Rimi: Even if we say, "We want to give you a present," she might be like, "You don't have to worry about that~" and turn us down...
Misaki: Ahh... Yeah, that does sound like Lisa.
Toko: Hmmmm... Then why don't we make it a surprise?!
Toko: If we do it like a little prank, she'll laugh, and I think it'll make it easier for her to accept it!
Kokoro: How wonderful! Let's do that!
Rimi: Then all that's left is deciding what to give her...
Misaki: Yeah, that's tough. Everyone's got their own tastes, and if it's too expensive, it might make her feel even more guilty...
Toko: Huh, my phone. ...Wait, it's Lisa-san!!
Toko: Hellooo~! Thanks for your hard work!
Lisa: Hey, Toko, good work~♪ So, about the gifts we're handing out to the kids at the Christmas party... I just heard from one of the daycare teachers.
Lisa: Something that won't cause a lot of picky eating would be best, so we were thinking candy and stuff might be the safest option.
Toko: Candy?
Lisa: Yeah. It sounds like making them by hand would be tough at the daycare, so I think we'll end up handing out something store-bought.
Toko: Got it, got it...
Lisa: Hm? Was there some kind of problem?
Toko: No, no! No problem at all! I think candy's a great idea!
Toko: Then we'll get the candy ready on our end! I'm with Misaki and the others right now!
Lisa: Oh, you are?! In that case, I guess I'll ask you to handle the candy.
Lisa: I asked the teacher already, so I'll message you later with what kind of candy would be good. Use it as a reference!
Toko: Okaaay, leave it to me!
Toko: ...Fu, fu, fu~!
Rimi: T-Toko-chan?
Misaki: Wh-what's with that laugh...?
Toko: Candy. Candy! A present for Lisa!
Toko: Separate from what we hand out to the kids, we're gonna make handmade sweets just for Lisa!
Rimi: Oh, then... We could probably give it to her when Michelle hands out the presents. If we do it then, it'll be easier for her to accept it, too...
Misaki: That might work. Like, Michelle hands it to her and goes, "And here's a present for you too, for being such a good kid who always tries so hard~"
Toko: Ooh~! Rimi-san, Misaki-san, nice idea! Let's do it!
Kokoro: My! Then I'm sure Lisa will have the biggest smile!
Toko: Right?! If that's settled, we have to decide what kind of sweets to make!
Toko: We should make something that looks great, right? Like Christmas-colored macarons... or maybe we go all out and make them super flashy and rainbow-colored?!
Misaki: Um... I think handmade sweets are a great idea, but if we're making them with this group, I'm kinda worried...
Rimi: Ah, ahaha...
Toko: ...Heh heh heh♪ I wonder if Lisa-san will like them~?


<Infinite Respect!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Alright, the meeting's done, so... wanna grab lunch somewhere before we head back to CiRCLE?
Toko: Huh? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello~. You two out shopping together?
Marina: Hi, Toko-chan. We had a meeting with another live house today, so we're on our way back. It's a busy season for events.
Toko: Got it! You looked super busy last year, too!
Marina: Oh, right. Toko-chan, I heard you had a Christmas party at a daycare with Lisa-chan and the others?
Toko: We did! We all planned it together, and it was a b-b-b-big success!
Toko: The kids were totally thrilled, they were sooo cute, and it seriously felt like I was the real Santa. It was a blast!
Marina: Fufu, really? I heard about it from Lisa-chan and Rimi-chan too. Sounds like it was a pretty legit Christmas party, but wasn't the prep tough?
Toko: Not at all! Everyone was so cool. Kokoro-san kept firing off tons of hilarious ideas, and Misaki-san neatly pulled everybody's thoughts together!
Toko: And Rimi-san supported everyone, which helped so much. Plus her reading at the actual party was amazing!
Marina: Wow... sounds like you all had incredible teamwork.
Toko: Yup, yup! And the one who was especially insane was Lisa-san! Like, seriously, she was suuuuper insane!
Marina: Insane... how so?
Toko: Um, Lisa-san handled most of the back-and-forth with the daycare, and she also organized everything we talked about in the meetings!
Toko: So at the end, we put our thanks into it and gave Lisa-san a surprise present~...
Marina: Oh, yeah, I heard about that from Lisa-chan. She looked so happy to get a present from everyone.
Toko: Seriously?! Then it was totally worth it~
Marina: Fufu, I'm glad, Toko-chan.
Toko: Yeah! Lisa-san pays attention to every little detail, and I just think that's amazing. Total respect!
Marina: But you keep a pretty good eye on things too, Toko-chan, right?
Toko: Huh? Me?
Marina: Yeah. It might be a little different from being considerate, but you can give someone a little push, you know?
Marina: I feel like that's its own kind of awareness... Right? Or no?
Toko: Who knows~? But maybe I do it without even thinking! Guess that means I'm a genius!
Marina: Fufu. Being able to say "I'm a genius!" loud and clear is one of your cool points too, Toko-chan.
Toko: Thank you! Getting praised that much has totally sent my hype through the roof!
Toko: I've got Morfonica practice now, but I'm gonna go brag to Fusuke and the others that you guys praised me like crazy!
Marina: Ahaha. Well then, say hi to the rest of Morfonica for me.
Toko: Yeah! Well then, excuse me!
Marina: Yep, good luck with practice!
