event251-04 Chapter 3: Toko's Appeal

Toko goes into the chairwoman's office and demands that the cancellation of the Tsukinomori Music Festival be withdrawn, but...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Chairwoman's Office]

Toko: Please withdraw the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival!!!
Nanami: Too late...
Mashiro: W-what should we do...?
Chairwoman: ...
Toko: Cancelling it just because it doesn't have the Tsukinomori spirit, I seriously can't get behind that!
Toko: It's ridiculous if Tsukinomori Music Festival was cancelled because of something like that!
Rui: --Stop it.
Toko: What's the matter, Rui!? Let go of me!
Rui: I told you to follow the rules if you're going to protest. And yet... What are you doing?
Toko: Of course it's because I want to do Tsukinomori Music Festival!
Toko: I'm here because I want to do it!!
Tsukushi: I'm sorry, Chairwoman-sensei! We're leaving right now...!
Nanami: Toko-chan... As expected, you can't do it this way.
Mashiro: Yeah, I understand how you feel, but...
Toko: No! I can't accept this!
Chairwoman: I know the students are negative about the decision this time.
Chairwoman: But I am the Chairwoman of Tsukinomori Girls' Academy. I have a responsibility to lead you all to a better future.
Chairwoman: To do so, I must first and foremost restore the spirit of Tsukinomori. Any other thing is trivial, I would say.
Toko: Trivial...?
Toko: It can't be trivial! What do you think our feelings are!?
Tsukushi: Toko-chan! Calm down...!
Tsukushi: It's already decided...
Toko: Why? Fusuke, even you know that!
Toko: Everyone's been waiting for Tsukinomori Music Festival for a long time...!
Tsukushi: Well, it's...
Toko: Our school is still as cramped as ever, but...I'm feeling a little bit better...
Toko: Just for that one day we could have a good time like before...
Toko: We're going to bring the stage to life, and make it the best day ever!
Tsukushi: I know. I know, but...
Toko: You don't! If we give up now, we're admitting that we'll cancel Tsukinomori Music Festival!
Toko: We'd make it the best day ever... All the hard work we've put in will be lost!
Toko: Our feelings that we're going to make Morfonica's stage the best stage ever...
Toko: And Shiro's desire to give back to Tsukinomori...
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: I really like those words. That's why I want to make it happen with Shiro...
Mashiro: Toko-chan...
Rui: ...
Chairwoman: Is that all you have to say? Then please leave.
Toko: What--! You wouldn't reconsider any of it even after hearing all this!?
Chairwoman: I told you. They were all trivial.
Chairwoman: No matter what you say, I will not withdraw the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Toko: Hey... you~!
Nanami, Tsukushi & Mashiro: ----!
Rui: Kirigaya-san!
Toko: You've got to be kidding me... What do you think our feelings are...?
Toko: You can't take our Tsukinomori any further...
Toko: ... Don't take it away from us...
Tsukushi: Toko-chan...
Chairwoman: ... I request you to submit a letter of remorse.
Nanami: A letter of remorse...?
Chairwoman: Originally, to visit the Chairwoman's Office, you need to submit an application, and obtain permission.
Chairwoman: For your act of ignoring that rule and continuing to make assertions, I've been turning a blind eye, but...
Chairwoman: As for the banging on the desk, I will no longer tolerate such behavior.
Toko: ...
Chairwoman: And one more thing.
Chairwoman: If you don't submit a letter of remorse, we will need to consider suspension from school.
Mashiro: What-- suspension, from school...? Toko-chan...?
Tsukushi: ... No way...
Toko: ... I didn't say anything wrong.
Nanami: Toko-chan!
Rui: ... I am sorry. I'll make sure she'll write a letter of remorse.
Chairwoman: You don't need to apologize, Yashio-san. I need to check the documents, so please leave.
Rui: I understand. Please excuse us.
Chairwoman: I thought the old Tsukinomori had been restored, but... it seems there was still a long way to go.
Chairwoman: But I wish those children could see the same brilliance I had once seen at Tsukinomori...
Chairwoman: As an educator, I must guide those children towards a better future.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
