event251-01 Opening: ”Give Back To Tsukinomori"

As Tsukinomori Music Festival approaches, the school becomes more lively. The chairman reacts to this atmosphere…

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Gazebo in the Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Well then, everyone! Put your hands together...
Toko, Nanami, Tsukushi & Mashiro: Let's eat!!! Let's eat...!
Nanami: It's nice and sunny today~. It's so comfortable to sit on the chairs too~.
Mashiro: Toko-chan, thank you for saving the gazebo for us.
Tsukushi: It's nice and soft on the lawn, too, but it gets cold in winter.
Toko: If you want to have a meal, this is the place to go! The view is also really nice.
Toko: I was so lucky that the place happened to be empty! If Rui comes, she'll also cry tears of joy~.
Tsukushi: I don't know if she'll cry or not, but I hope she can relax. She seems to be busy again with Student Council work lately...
Mashiro: She said she had some materials to check today too. I wonder how long it will take her to get here...?
Toko: I guess she'll be here in about 15 minutes like usual, right? Oh, there's an egg roll in here! Lucky~.
Nanami: What's that? Toko-chan's bento today is amazing!
Tsukushi: It really is. It's really packed with side dishes!
Toko: I always get hungry in the middle of band practice, so I asked my grandmother to make me twice as many side dishes as usual!
Toko: With this, I can do my superb guitar playing over and over without any problems!
Tsukushi: It's true that you've been practicing a lot lately, Toko-chan.
Nanami: Same goes for all of us, right? We're always running out of time before we know it.
Mashiro: I guess so. I'm exhausted when I go home. I fall asleep so soon...
Mashiro: But it feels like I'm practicing more fully than ever.
Toko: It's natural to be this excited! Tsukinomori Music Festival is coming soon.
Toko: We have to "give back to Tsukinomori", after all!
Nanami: Ah~, you're saying that again! Toko-chan, you like that, don't you?
Mashiro: Uh, yeah... Why do you always bring up the topic of giving back every time we talk about Tsukinomori Music Festival?
Toko: Well, Shiro's words were so good that I just can't help saying them.
Mashiro: But when you say it over and over again, it's embarrassing... I feel like I'm being made fun of...
Toko: No, no, no! I would never make fun of Shiro.
Mashiro: Is that true...?
Nanami: Ahaha... But if we keep this up, I'm sure we'll be able to give back.
Nanami: The whole school is talking about Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Tsukushi: Even our class is looking forward to it even more than usual.
Nanami: This year, there are going to be a lot of bands other than ours. I think it's going to be the most exciting music festival ever~.
Toko: It's great, isn't it!? I'm getting more and more excited!
Toko: Well, but the ones who are going to “give back” the most are us, the superstar band born in Tsukinomori...
Mashiro: Ugh, Toko-chan. That was on purpose, wasn't it...?
Toko: Ahaha, sorry, sorry!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Around that time]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Chairwoman: ...
Student: Good day to you, Chairwoman-sensei.
Chairwoman: Good day to you.
Chairwoman: (...The Tsukinomori of those days is back.)
Chairwoman: (A serene lunch break, with students behaving modestly.)
Chairwoman: (Above all, a solemn atmosphere where students respect discipline fills the whole school.)
Chairwoman: (It took a long time, but we finally made it here. But--)
Student A: I can't wait for Tsukinomori Music Festival. I'm looking forward to listening to Zaizen-senpai's flute!
Student B: Me too! But most of all, Morfonica's live show!
Student A: Ah, I'm looking forward to that too! I'm sure it'll be definitely exciting when Morfonica shows up.
Chairwoman: (Lately, the atmosphere has been disturbed again.)
Chairwoman: (This is the proof that they have not yet truly inhabited the lost spirit of Tsukinomori)
Chairwoman: (Perhaps the cause of this is...)
Chairwoman: (In order to bring back Tsukinomori to what it was before, we need to enforce stricter discipline.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
