event251-03 Chapter 2: I Can't Accept This!

The cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival sends shivers through the school. Morfonica is also depressed.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[After School Assembly]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Tsukushi: It's turned into a big problem, hasn't it...
Nanami: Right...
Nanami: (Rui-rui was talking about this at the meeting of the Student Council and the Board of Directors...)
Nanami: (Indeed, she couldn't have said something like this...)
Tsukushi: I wonder what went wrong... We've been following what Chairwoman-sensei told us to do...
Tsukushi: Is it such a bad thing to enjoy Tsukinomori Music Festival...?
Nanami: Tsu-chan...
Tsukushi: Oh, I'm sorry for saying all those gloomy things.
Nanami: No, thank you for putting my thoughts into words instead. It made my heart feel a little lighter.
Tsukushi: Oh, come on... Really now.
???: Wait, Toko-chan! Please..!
Tsukushi: ? Who's there...? Toko-chan and Mashiro-chan?
Nanami: Toko-chan, kind of looks really angry? She's walking steadily towards us...
Mashiro: Ah..! Nanami-chan and Tsukushi-chan, stop her..! Toko-chan insists on going to the Chairwoman's Office... !
Nanami & Tsukushi: What!?
Tsukushi: Hey, stop stop stooooop!
Toko: Fusuke, get out of the way!
Tsukushi: What are you going to the Chairwoman's Office for?
Toko: It's obvious. I'm going to complain about the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Tsukushi: Complain about... You can't do that!
Nanami: Toko-chan, could you calm down for a bit? Please...?
Toko: I can't. Since Rui told me to, I've put up with it until now, but I've reached my limit.
Toko: There's no way I can put up with it this time.
Tsukushi: I understand, but...! It's already decided... No matter what you say now, it won't change...
Toko: It will! I'll change it!!
Toko: I definitely won't let them cancel Tsukinomori Music Festival...!
Nanami: Wow, Toko-chaaan!?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Chairwoman's Office]

Rui: Thank you for making time for us.
Chairwoman: No problem. What is it that you want to talk about?
Rui: I was wondering if you could reconsider Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Rui: As you know, Chairwoman-sensei, there's a lot of unrest among the students.
Rui: There will be a national standardized academic achievement test soon. I think it would be a big disadvantage for the school if the students' morale drops now.
Chairwoman: I see... You do have a point.
Chairwoman: But there is no need to reconsider it.
Rui: ... Why is that?
Chairwoman: As I said before, people are meant to acclimate.
Chairwoman: It was the same when we restored the formalized school rules, but now almost all students follow the school rules properly.
Chairwoman: And in the long run, it is more important to restore the spirit of Tsukinomori than to worry about the immediate results of academic achievement tests.
Rui: ...
Chairwoman: Is that all you have to say?
Rui: Yes. Thank you so much for your time.
Chairwoman: Now, I have some documents I need to review. It's about time--
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, you can't do that!!
Rui: That was--.
Rui: Kirigaya-san...!?
Toko: Please withdraw the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival!!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
