event251-05 Chapter 4: Nanami's Decision

What words does Rui say to Toko, who is stubborn and refuses to submit a letter of remorse...?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Riverside]

Tsukushi: Toko-chan! Please listen to us!
Tsukushi: I know you can't accept it, but if this keeps up, you might get suspended...?
Toko: It doesn't matter. I don't want to go to a school like that.
Nanami: D-don't say that~. I'll be sad if I won't be able to see Toko-chan...
Toko: I can meet with my friends in secret...There's no problem at all.
Mashiro: But I won't be able to see you at school... I don't want to be unable to see Toko-chan at school...
Toko: ... I'm sorry. I'm glad you feel that way, but I can't do it.
Tsukushi: Even if that's true, I want you to write it...
Tsukushi: We'll help you, okay?
Toko: ...
Rui: That's an unusually negative attitude for you, isn't it?
Nanami: Ruirui...
Rui: I thought Kirigaya-san's strength was that you never gave up on your goals, even when there were obstacles.
Toko: Huh? What are you trying to say?
Rui: What are you going to do about Tsukinomori Music Festival during your suspension?
Rui: If you don't write a letter of remorse, you will be suspended. If that happens, you won't be able to take any action.
Toko: ? It's going to be canceled anyway, right? Then I won't write it. There's no point in writing it.
Rui: Well... I know how you feel.
Nanami: Ruirui, where are you going?
Rui: There's something I have to think about, so I'm going home first.
Rui: I'll do what I can until the end.
Nanami: （Ah--.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Rui: ... There's nothing you can do right now.
Rui: I'll do what I can. So--
Rui: Hiromachi-san, please do what you can do.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Now, excuse me.
Toko: Just what was she going on about...? I really don't get it.
Nanami: ... I'm sure Ruirui hasn't given up on Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Toko: That can't be true. Knowing Rui, she just accepts that there's nothing that can be done about what's been decided by the rules.
Toko: Besides, she's always been obeying the Chairwoman's orders.
Nanami: (... No, that's not it...)
Nanami: (I understand, Ruirui. What I can do now--.)
Nanami: Everyone, can you hear me out for a bit?
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...?
Nanami: You know, Ruirui has always been--
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ... To protect us students, she became the student council president...?
Toko: Huh? That can't be...
Nanami: It's all true.
Nanami: Didn't you guys ever wonder? Why did Ruirui become the student council president?
Tsukushi: That's... No. I never heard that she wanted to be.
Tsukushi: So when we became second-years, I was really surprised when she told me she was going to run for student council president.
Nanami: "I'm sure Ruirui knew that the chairwoman was going to change and that she was going to change the school."
Nanami: So, I guess she thought about it a lot, and she tried to stop it by becoming the student council president.
Toko: ...
Mashiro: Oh...
Mashiro: Come to think of it, Rui-san looked strange on Valentine's Day...
Tsukushi: Valentine's Day...?
Mashiro: Last year, we made chocolates together, right? Do you remember how we talked about the previous Chairwoman-sensei?
Nanami: Well... that's when we all praised her since she valued our independence, right?
Mashiro: That's right. At that time, Rui-san--
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toko: Wow, talk about an awesome chairman! They're a total saint!
Nanami: Mhmm. They really are great.
Rui: ...
Mashiro: ...?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mashiro: She looked so conflicted. I'm sure that at that time... she knew that the Chairwoman-sensei was going to change.
Mashiro: I guess she was thinking about how she could protect the school.
Tsukushi: ... Then, really, Rui-san... to protect us...
Nanami: I'm sure right now Ruirui feels responsible for not preventing Tsukinomori Music Festival from being cancelled.
Nanami: So I'm sure she's thinking hard how she can revive it.
Nanami: I want to help Ruirui. It's partly because we're friends, but...
Nanami: We are also Tsukinomori students. I want to think about it together.
Toko: ...
Toko: ... I'm going to ask Rui. It's faster to ask her if it's true or not.
Tsukushi: Oh, Toko-chan! Wait..!
(Black cut)
Toko: Rui~!!
Rui: ? Kirigaya-san...?
Toko: Is it true that you became the student council president to stop the Chairwoman?
Nanami: Huff, puff...
Rui: ... You heard it from Hiromachi-san, didn't you? Yes, that's pretty much correct.
Toko: ! Why did you do that? You never do anything that doesn't concern you.
Rui: That's right. I follow the rules whether I accept them or not. That will always be my principle.
Rui: But I didn't want the Tsukinomori we know to change. That's what I thought at the time.
Toko: So, why did you do that!?
Rui: I'm sure it's because of--
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: I wonder if it's your influence.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
