event251-07 Ending: A Ray of Light from Cloudy Sky

Morfonica is racking their brains about how to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival. Will they find a solution...?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day]

[Café]

Toko: Alright! Let's think of a way to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival!
Nanami: Yeah~.
Rui: Kirigaya-san, you're talking too loud. You're bothering people around you.
Tsukushi: Oh, no~, that's why I said let's do it in the atelier...
Toko: You don't understand, Fusuke~. You'll come up with more and more god-like ideas over a delicious cake.
Mashiro: I-is that so...? I mean, Toko-chan, you're so excited.
Nanami: I'm sure it's because she felt a weight lifted off her shoulders after submitting her letter of remorse~.
Tsukushi: I was surprised to hear that at lunch. She was so reluctant yesterday...
Toko: Well, I didn't want to be suspended from school and not be able to do anything for Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Toko: Besides, thinking about it carefully... I would have been annoyed if someone had entered my room without knocking...
Toko: Well, that's the only thing I regret. The rest of what I said was not wrong at all!
Nanami: Fufu. Toko-chan has always been like this, so it was very hard to finish her letter of remorse.
Toko: Thanks for helping me write it, Nanami!
Rui: You guys are getting off track. Now it's time to think about how to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Nanami: Ahaha, I'm sorry. But, ummm... That's difficult~.
Tsukushi: I thought about it a lot yesterday too, but I couldn't come up with anything...
Rui: The problem is that the Chairwoman-sensei is taking the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival as an absolute certainty.
Rui: It's hard to break her determination. Then we should start from the people around her.
Mashiro: From people around her...?
Rui: The board members. If we can get them to see the cancellation of the Tsukinomori Music Festival as a problem--.
Rui: Even if it's the Chairwoman-sensei, she'll have no choice but to put it on the agenda for another meeting of the Student Council and the Board of Directors.
Tsukushi: See it as a problem... If everyone in the school is against it, isn't that a problem?
Rui: It is a problem. But just thinking alone wouldn't do anything.
Rui: To make them recognize it as a problem, everyone needs to speak up. Complaints without action are just assumed to be accepted.
Nanami: I see~. So we have to make our dissatisfaction visible~.
Tsukushi: Hmmm...
Mashiro: ...
Toko: Well then, why don't we just go and say that we're against canceling Tsukinomori Music Festival?
Toko: One by one to the Chairwoman! Then the board members will understand that it's a problem, right?
Rui: It would take too long. It's not practical.
Toko: Huh? Well then, what if we go and ask for everyone's objections and say them?
Rui: ...
Nanami: There's no proof that we've asked everyone, so that might not be very credible, right?
Tsukushi: Yeah... After all, to the Chairwoman-sensei It's just one person's opinion.
Tsukushi: It would be nice if we could prove that's how everyone feels...
Rui: ... We might be able to prove it.
Tsukushi: What?
Rui: A signature campaign.
Rui: We'll ask the students to sign a petition against the cancellation of Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Rui: If the number of signatures exceeds the majority of the entire student body, then it will be the consensus of all Tsukinomori students, and the board won't be able to ignore it.
Toko: That means..!
Rui: I can't say for sure that we'll be able to hold the festival, but I think it's the most likely among all the possibilities.
Tsukushi, Mashiro, Toko & Nanami: ...!!!!
Toko: I'm a genius after all! It's all thanks to my nice pass!
Nanami: Well~,  it was the result of discussion by all Morfonica members~.
Rui: That's right. I couldn't have come up with this idea if I had tried to do it alone.
Nanami: Ruirui... fufu. Alright then, let's move to the atelier and start preparing~!
Rui: Yes, let's do that.
Rui: Scheduling and document preparation... We have a lot of work to do before we can start our signature campaign.
Toko: With me here, you'll have no problem! I'll explain the signature campaign to everyone at school, so leave it to me~.
Mashiro: Explain? Why??
Toko: It would be a hassle to explain everyone why we're doing it, while asking them to sign, right?
Toko: If that's the case, I thought it would be easier to explain it first.
Rui: Indeed, if we let them know in advance, it's more efficient and saves us a lot of trouble during the campaign.
Toko: Right~? I'm just full of great ideas~
Toko: I'll contact all my friends first!
Nanami: Well then, let's go. The train~... Oh. It looks like it's almost here.
Toko: Really? Hurry up, don't miss it!
Nanami: There'll be another train soon after that, so there's no need to panic~.
Rui: She's still a noisy person same as ever.
Mashiro: She's already gone... Looks like Toko-chan's back to normal.
Tsukushi: Really, she was so sulky yesterday.
Tsukushi: But... that's because Toko-chan tried to fight in her own way.
Tsukushi: To protect our feelings and the time we've spent in Tsukinomori.
Tsukushi: I think she's with Rui-san on that point, even though she did it the wrong way.
Mashiro: ... Tsukushi-chan, is something wrong?
Tsukushi: Eh? Why?
Mashiro: I'm sorry if I misunderstood. I thought you sometimes looked complicated when it comes to school matters.
Mashiro: But today, your expression is more cheerful...
Mashiro: I felt like you were the usual cool Tsukushi-chan who always gives her all in whatever she faces.
Tsukushi: ... Come on~, it's like I wasn't cool at all before.
Mashiro: Eh, well, that's not what I meant...
Tsukushi: Fufu. But, yeah, maybe I feel a bit lighter.
Tsukushi: I still don't know what's right--.
Tsukushi: But I still want to be myself who can be proud of my past.
Mashiro: ? What do you mean??
Tsukushi: Well, should we go, too? They're going to leave us!
Mashiro: Eh, wait, Tsukushi-chan~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
