event251-06 Chapter 5: Rui's World

Tsukinomori in the past. And Tsukinomori now. Rui talks about the change in her feelings.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Riverside]

Mashiro: Our influence...?
Tsukushi: What do you mean?
Rui: For me, Tsukinomori was a place where I could learn something useful.
Rui: What talents do I have, how can I get first place? All I could think about was improving myself to know that.
Nanami: Yeah, I remember. Rui-rui, in the beginning, didn't care about us when she was with us.
Nanami: But as we were together, I think she softened little by little.
Rui: I don't know about that, but I do know that starting a band has changed me in many ways.
Rui: I picked up the violin again, which I should have abandoned, and tried to pursue again the sound that I had given up.
Rui: Every time I faced regrets from the past, the world I saw became more vividly colored.
Rui: The traditions of Tsukinomori, the school culture that respects the independence of the students, the students who live each day to the fullest.
Rui: I wanted to cherish this world, and I didn't want it to change--. I naturally began to think that way.
Mashiro: ...
(White cut)
Mashiro: Rui-san, you love Tsukinomori.
Mashiro: Because you love it, you didn't want to turn your eyes away from the changes.
Mashiro: From Rui-san now, I can see the warm sun and the endless clear blue sky or something like that...
Mashiro: With such a dazzling view that makes you want to squint, I can really feel your feelings.
Rui: I don't know if it is a dazzling view or not...
Rui: I was looking away, no, I was just trying to look away.
Rui: I told myself that the past was over, and I didn't want to face it.
Rui: And I knew how hard it was. So I just decided to do what I could to help.
Tsukushi: It's very unusual... for you to value your feelings so much.
Rui: Of course, I still feel that it's more efficient to make decisions based on reality than on feelings.
Rui: But it's because I've acted on my emotions that I am the person I am now.
Rui: I didn't want to deny that past.
Rui: If I borrow a phrase from Futaba-san and Kurata-san-- I wanted to believe in what I had done.
Tsukushi: Eh...
Toko: ... Why didn't you tell us?
Toko: You didn't have to carry it all by yourself. If we had known, we could have helped you.
Rui: Because I thought one person was enough. But that naive thinking led to this outcome.
Rui: But I thought there was still something I could do.
Rui: So I tried to negotiate again, using the National Academic Achievement Test as a bargaining chip, but...the result was the same.
Rui: There was nothing more I could do. So I was about to give up. But...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Toko: Everyone has been waiting for Tsukinomori Music Festival for a long time...!
Toko: Our school is still as cramped as ever, but...I'm feeling a little bit better...
Toko: Just for that one day we could have a good time like before...
Toko: We're going to bring the stage to life, and make it the best day ever!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rui: Kirigaya-san's words changed my mind.
Toko: No, I don't understand what you mean...
Rui: It's fine even if you don't understand.
Rui: More importantly, are you really going to give up on holding Tsukinomori Music Festival?
Toko: That's...
Toko: I won't give up. I can't just give up on an event that's full of everyone's desire to hold it.
Toko: I was so pissed earlier that I said something like that, but... I still want to hold Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Rui: If so... then, help me.
Rui: You too, Hiromachi-san and the rest. I want us all to think about how we can hold Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Nanami, Tsukushi, Toko & Mashiro: ...!!!
Rui: I don't think I can do it alone.
Mashiro: Rui-san...
Toko: Ugh, it's too late to say that!
Toko: Rui, you trust yourself too much. First of all, you should reflect on that!
Tsukushi: T-Toko-chan!?
Toko: However, ...
Toko: I'm sorry to say you were on the Chairwoman's side before, even though you were doing your best for us...
Toko: ... Thank you.
Rui: You don't need to thank me. I was just doing what I could.
Toko: Haaaaah!? But I honestly apologized...!
Nanami: Toko-chan, calm down~! Well then, you'll have to write a proper letter of remorse.
Toko: Huh?
Nanami: Because if you get suspended...you won't be able to work hard for Tsukinomori Music Festival, right?
Toko: No, well, that's true, but...
Toko: Anyway, why don't we talk about Tsukinomori Music Festival first? I'm, kind of, in such a mood!
Mashiro: Oh, she's changing the topic.
Toko: You shut up, Shiro!
Nanami & Mashiro: Fufufu ...!
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: (I want to find something that makes me shine... I want to become someone I can be proud of...)
Tsukushi: (I've always been trying my best.)
Tsukushi: (But now, I wonder if I can be proud of myself...)
Tsukushi: (...I'm sure I can't.)
Tsukushi: (That's because I've used the rules as an excuse to avoid what's right in front of me...)
Tsukushi: (Rui-san...no, Toko-chan too, you two were really shining.)
Tsukushi: （I want to be like you two. To believe in myself and do what I can do without hesitation--.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
