event251-02 Chapter 1: Dark Clouds Looming Over Us

On her way home from school, Nanami finds Rui in front of the station. Rui is lost in thought…

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[After School]

[Station Entrance]

Nanami: Ugh, I'm late~. Why does it have to be today of all days...
Nanami: I'm sure Toko-chan and the rest got tired of waiting-- Huh?
Nanami: Hey, Rui-rui!
Rui: Hiromachi-san...? Why are you here? You all should've started band practice earlier without me, right?
Nanami: I was on class duty today... I was helping my teacher, and I ended up here at this time.
Rui: I see... Good job.
Nanami: Good job, too, Rui-rui. You were at the Student Council and Board of Directors meeting, right?
Nanami: You seem really busy. You couldn't come during lunch break too after all.
Rui: It was only decided this morning that the Student Council and the Board of Directors would have a meeting. I needed to go over the materials during lunch break.
Nanami: It was decided so suddenly... What's going on?
Rui: It's ......
Nanami: ... Maybe it's not good for us?
Rui: ...
Nanami: It's not something you can say right now huh... Okay, I'll wait until it's announced.
Nanami: But... are you okay, Rui-rui? Aren't you pushing yourself too hard?
Rui: ? What do you mean?
Nanami: Like when there was a review of extramural activities, I'm worried that you're pushing yourself hard alone again...
Rui: Hiromachi-san, you...
Nanami: I knew it... I thought you might be.
Nanami: The reason why Rui-rui became the Student Council president. You're trying to protect us from Chairwoman-sensei, right?
Rui: ... If you say it's just for that reason, it's not true. But it's one of the main reasons.
Rui: As Tsukinomori was changing, I didn't want things to go against us students.
Nanami: That's why it wasn't only Chairwoman-sensei, but also the Student Council who reviewed the extramural activities.
Nanami: I heard from a Student Council member in my class that during the screening Rui-rui was following up on everyone's application.
Nanami: That made it possible for a lot of students to continue their extramural activities.
Nanami: ... When I heard about that, I felt so frustrated that I couldn't notice anything even though we were friends.
Rui: Hiromachi-san...
Nanami: Rui-rui. I want to help you this time.
Nanami: So, if there's anything I can do to help, I want you to tell it to me.
Rui: ... There's nothing you can do right now.
Rui: I'll do what I can. So--
Rui: Hiromachi-san, please do whatever you can do.
Nanami: ... I see. Then, will you promise me one thing?
Nanami: Whenever you feel pain, I want you to tell me.
Nanami: I don't want only Rui-rui to be in such a difficult situation... I can at least listen to what you have to say.
Rui: ...... You guys are really curious. Why are you trying to get involved with me so much?
Nanami: It's normal~. We're friends.
Rui: I see... Let's go. I don't want to be any later for practice than we already are.
Nanami: Yeah.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy School assembly]

Rui: --That's all from the Student Council. Lastly, Chairwoman-sensei has some announcements for you.
Toko: Wow~, it's finally over~. That was super long~.
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan, they'll hear you...!
Chairwoman: Good day, everyone. Here are my announcements.
Chairwoman: This year's Tsukinomori Music Festival-- is canceled.
Mashiro: Eh--
Toko: Huh, is it canceled!?
Chairwoman: Quiet.
Chairwoman: Originally, Tsukinomori Music Festival was an event to nurture a noble spirit and artistic sensibility through music, and to promote human growth.
Chairwoman: But... In the recorded video clip of last year's festival, a scene far from the purpose of the festival was shown.
Chairwoman: What was seen there was a noisy scene of cheering and clapping...
Chairwoman: Such a scene is not appropriate for Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Chairwoman: Tsukinomori Music Festival is a long-standing tradition in Tsukinomori. And now, that tradition is being lost.
Chairwoman: That is why I have decided to cancel the festival. Until you regain the spirit of Tsukinomori, and are able to return to your original purpose.
Toko: I-it doesn't make sense! There's no way we could be convinced by that reason!
Mashiro: ... How could you...
Mashiro: This is... This is too terrible! ...... Ugh... Ugh...
Toko: Shiro...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Mashiro: I love Tsukinomori... I love this place that gave me confidence.
Mashiro: So-- I want to return the favor to Tsukinomori.
Mashiro: I want to put on a live show at Tsukinomori Music Festival that will liven up the depressed Tsukinomori...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
