event234-06 Chapter 5: Mashiro's Decision

Treasure the moment. What conclusion will Mashiro draw from Tsugumi's words?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Mashiro: Umm, what do you mean by "treasure the moment"...?
Tsugumi: I'm obviously not saying I didn't treasure it until now. I've just thought that a lot recently.
Tsugumi: You both know there is so much fun and difficulty in having band activities, right?
Nanami: There sure is a lot~. Every time, I always think I'm living the teenage life~.
Tsugumi: The teenage life... Fufu. You might be right. You laugh, worry, and go through that process over and over.
Tsugumi: It's so strange, isn't it? When times are fun, power swells up inside you, and you feel like you can run forever...
Tsugumi: But when times are tough, it's the only thing you can think of, and you can't move from that spot.
Mashiro: I know what you mean... Even if I avert my gaze or run away, it doesn't ever leave my mind.
Tsugumi: Yeah... There's nothing you can do about what's already happened. You can't pretend the past didn't happen...
Mashiro: (You can't pretend it didn't happen...)
Tsugumi: No matter how much you worry, suffer... or cry... there are times when you won't find an answer.
Tsugumi: And as you're standing still like that, your precious time with everyone will pass you by.
Tsugumi: The smiling, rejoicing and being happy... All those fun memories you should have been able to make with them...
Tsugumi: That's why I want to do my best with what's in front of me and what I can do now... That's what I think.
Nanami: But if the problem never gets solved... wouldn't that be really painful...?
Tsugumi: ... Yeah, it would...
Tsugumi: But I thought coming to a standstill would be more of a waste.
Tsugumi: Plus, I believe even if you still carry the problem with you... if you do your absolute best in the moment, you're sure to find a solution.
Tsugumi: That's why I want to treasure the moment.
Mashiro: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Shiro-chan, Tsugu-senpai's cake was really good, wasn't it? I think I might become a repeat customer~.
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: ...
Nanami: Let's go again sometime.
Mashiro: ... Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Hm? What is it?
Mashiro: I... I think I probably won't ever be able to forget what happened with the chairwoman.
Mashiro: My pathetic self and my feelings of frustration... I think I'll remember those no matter how much time passes.
Mashiro: But... I'm going to stop worrying about them.
Nanami: I see. You'll remember, but you won't worry... That sounds kinda hard.
Mashiro: Yeah. It's me, after all... I don't know if I can do it, but I want to be able to.
Mashiro: Because hearing what Tsugumi-san said... made me want to treasure every day I'm with everyone in Morfonica.
Mashiro: So I won't worry about it anymore. I want to do my very best in what I can do now.
Mashiro: Although, I don't know what that is yet...
Nanami: If that's what you've decided, I think that's for the best~.
Nanami: The only thing I can do is give you a push forward when you seem like you're going to come to a stop.
Nanami: I'm part of Morfonica's rhythm section, after all~. I've always got my eye on the vocalist when we're on stage, so leave it to me.
Mashiro: Thanks.
Nanami: Fufu. Sweets really are great~.
Nanami: That was also the case in Shibuya, but eating Tsugu-senpai's cake made you smile.
Mashiro: You might be right... It also might be thanks to our having fun. That helped cheer me up.
Mashiro: And... so did your words of "That's not true."
Mashiro: They were so strong and helped push me forward.
Nanami: Fufu. I see~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kurata Residence - Mashiro's Room]

Mashiro: Wow... The marshmallow rabbit cushion I bought at the shop in Shibuya is so soft and fluffy~.
Mashiro: I was scared, but I'm glad I went. Fufufu...
Mashiro: (... I said what I said to Nanami-chan, but what can I do now?)
Mashiro: (Do my best for the Tsukinomori Music Festival...?)
Mashiro: (That's true, but it's so much of a given, I wonder if that's okay...)
Mashiro: Ah, it's a message from Toko-chan. "Making a presentation is super hard!" ...?
Mashiro: Oh yeah, the one she's showing to the chairwoman... She was working on it all day today.
Mashiro: (Toko-chan is so amazing. She's actually doing what she can now.)
Mashiro: (I also want Tsukinomori to return to being lively like before, but...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Mashiro: Will the school not go back to how it used to be? Every day was so free and fun... I wish it would go back to being that way...
Toko: There's no point in just thinking that, is there? If you wanna change it, you've gotta take action yourself!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mashiro: ... I get it now. I already had something I wanted to do.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
