event234-02 Chapter 1: Aftermath of Defeat

Morfonica is crestfallen after their defeat...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: ... Sigh~.
Nanami: Whoa, that was a big one just now~. That was the biggest sigh you've done lately, Tsu-chan.
Tsukushi: Huh? I-I'm sorry! I spoiled the mood, didn't I...?
Toko: You don't have to apologize. I'm reeling pretty bad from losing GBT, too.
Toko: It's like I can't focus... I kinda can't get motivated at all~.
Nanami: The thing we've been working so hard on this whole time suddenly ended, so we got discouraged.
Nanami: Plus... Afterglow's concert being so sensational might also be part of it.
Mashiro: Yeah... I couldn't take my eyes off the stage.
Mashiro: An intense, crimson flame flared up and engulfed the venue, the audience, and all of us...
Mashiro: It was amazing... I can still feel that stinging sensation deep in my chest.
Tsukushi: So that's how you saw it.
Tsukushi: I was... really scared. I felt something incredibly intense, and its impact was immense.
Toko: All of their songs were really crazy~. I got major goosebumps.
Tsukushi: That day we put on the best performance we've ever done, but it wasn't nearly enough to reach them...
Tsukushi: I thought we grew a lot, but could it be that wasn't that much...?
Rui: We should not continue to dwell on what has ended. More importantly, I would like to discuss the future.
Toko: Whaddya mean "the future?"
Rui: We spoke about how we would practice in preparation for the Tsukinomori Music Festival once the GBT was over.
Rui: We took a break from practicing until now to refresh our mental states. I believe it is about time that we resume practicing.
Rui: To that end, I would first like to hear what kind of concert each of you would like to put on at the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Toko: I wanna make it a super pumped-up concert, obviously.
Rui: Exactly how do you mean that? Please give me concrete details.
Rui: When we were first-year students, performing at the Tsukinomori Music Festival was our goal. That is why I thought of our practice regimen with that in mind.
Rui: Our goal will influence how we practice. We should decide that first.
Mashiro: Rui-san, you're incredible... You're already planning ahead.
Mashiro: I still can't help but think about the GBT... I'm having trouble looking forward.
Rui: I simply believe that coming to a standstill while reflecting on the past is not constructive.
Rui: Therefore, I think we should focus on honing our skills based on past occurrences so we may produce results next time.
Nanami: Fufu. You really are positive, Rui-rui. By the way, what kind of concert do you want to put on?
Rui: Well... this is not limited to the Tsukinomori Music Festival, but...
Rui: Recently, there has been a sound I have been seeking with every stage we stand on.
Rui: I wish to play that sound at the music festival. Although, that will be more of a personal goal.
Tsukushi: Wow... So you were thinking of something like that.
Toko: Hrm~. How do I want to pump things up~? Hmm~...
Toko: It's no use~! I'm seriously outta whack... Normally, I'd come up with something in a flash.
Nanami: Yeah, really. Toko-chan, you'll have to charge up your motivation soon~.
Toko: You said it~. Well, doing that is easy enough! With that said, why don't we go somewhere after school ends today?
Mashiro, Nanami & Tsukushi: Huh...?
Toko: We gotta have a blast to get our motivation up! After all, having fun is unbeatable! It's seriously awesome~.
Rui: Making unnecessary detours on one's way home is not allowed. That is written in the school rules, is it not? Either go home first or wait until the weekend.
Toko: Huh?! What's up with that?! No one told me about that...!
Tsukushi: I'm actually surprised you didn't know about it until now!
Nanami: It's a good thing we had GBT going on. Since you were focusing on practicing, you avoided breaking the rules~.
Toko: Ugh, that's so annoying! It was so natural for us to hang out after school until now! That chairwoman really does nothing but butt in where she isn't wanted.
Toko: My friends are always worried about when she's gonna make her rounds, and our talks lately aren't exciting! School is seriously no fun!
Mashiro: It's like being under a cloudy sky. I can see a scene of little birds unable to fly through the sky as they worry about when it will rain...
Mashiro: Will the school not go back to how it used to be? Every day was so free and fun... I wish it would go back to being that way...
Toko: There's no point in just thinking that, is there? If you wanna change it, you've gotta take action yourself!
Mashiro: You say that, but... there's nothing that I can do.
Toko: Why do you always end up like that~...? Well, whatever. I'm gonna take action.
Toko: I'll finish my presentation for tearing down the super strict school rules in no time flat!
Tsukushi: You haven't given up on that?
Toko: Of course not! Now that the GBT's over, I'll be super serious about making it!
Toko: Now that that's decided, I've got no time for this! Alright, I'm gonna head back to the classroom! That chairwoman better watch out~!
Tsukushi: Hey, you're forgetting your lunch box! Ohh~. I'll go bring it to her...!
Rui: Sigh... Now that she is like that, Kirigaya-san will be fixated on making her presentation for some time.
Rui: I have student council duties, so I will excuse myself. Please consider what kind of concert you wish to put on by our next practice.
Nanami: Ahaha... That just now kind of made it feel like we had one of our usual lunches for the first time in a while.
Mashiro: Yeah, you might be right.
Nanami: Fufu. It won't be possible after school, but I'd like to go somewhere with you all again sometime.
Nanami: Ah, by the way, Shiro-chan. Apparently, there's a shop in Shibuya that sells Fairy Legends goods. Do you know of it?
Mashiro: Yeah, more or less... I've looked into it, but there are so many people in Shibuya, and it's scary...
Nanami: It's okay~. Let's go sometime. If we go together, it won't be scary.
Mashiro: Uh, umm~...
Class A Teacher: Ah, there you are. Kurata-san, do you have a moment? The chairwoman is saying she would like to have a one-on-one meeting with you after school...
Mashiro: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
