event234-05 Chapter 4: That's Not True

At Hazawa Coffee, Mashiro reveals why the meeting with the chairwoman hurt her...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Nanami: Sigh~. That was fun. We enjoyed ourselves so much today~.
Mashiro: Yeah... But I'm a little tired. I'll probably be sore tomorrow.
Nanami: We danced a lot. Shiro-chan, you were so cute when you moved your hands quickly like a cat playing around~.
Mashiro: That was because I didn't know what to do, and that's just how it ended up...
Mashiro: About that video... Are you really going to show it to Toko-chan and Rui-san?
Nanami: Of course! We need them to see the record of our adventure.
Nanami: I'm sure Tsu-chan will say the same thing as me. She'd say, "Our dancing was perfect, so it's okay!"
Mashiro: You might be right... Something tells me she's telling her little sisters about it right now.
Mashiro: As we were dancing, Tsukushi-chan got more and more excited.
Nanami: Ahaha, that's true~. She was all smiles towards the end~.
Mashiro: Fufu... Nanami-chan, thanks for today.
Mashiro: I might feel a little better thanks to you inviting me to hang out.
Nanami: I just wanted to go~. It was my dream to go to Shibuya with my friends after all.
Mashiro: I see...
Mashiro: ... So, um. About when I had my one-on-one meeting with the chairwoman...
Nanami: Okay.
Mashiro: I felt frustrated being told I should become a Tsukinomori student.
Nanami: You did...?
Mashiro: Do you remember when we all brainstormed what changed about us so we could continue Morfonica's activities a while back?
Mashiro: That day, I started feeling like an actual Tsukinomori student.
Mashiro: I decided to try believing in myself and learned to love myself... I thought I'd finally become a Tsukinomori student...
Mashiro: That's why, at the time... I felt so frustrated...
Mashiro: I wanted to tell her... that wasn't true... That it wasn't true at all, but...
Mashiro: In the end... I wasn't able to say anything.
Nanami: Shiro-chan...
Mashiro: I wonder why I have so much trouble putting my thoughts into words...
Mashiro: Even though they're right here in my heart...
Mashiro: When I try to open my mouth, they disappear somewhere, and my mind goes in circles.
Mashiro: And then nothing makes any sense to me...
Mashiro: Being like that is so frustrating... and I felt so pathetic...
Nanami: ...
Mashiro: Nanami-chan... The chairwoman said she came from an unaffiliated school, just like me.
Nanami: Huh...? The chairwoman was a Tsukinomori student?
Mashiro: Yeah... She said it was hard for her until she got used to Tsukinomori.
Mashiro: But after following the strict school rules and spending each day the best she could, she naturally became a Tsukinomori student.
Mashiro: Was I not trying my best...?
Mashiro: Am I not a Tsukinomori student because I haven't followed the strict school rules...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: ... That's not true, Shiro-chan.
Nanami: I've been watching by your side this whole time. No... Tsu-chan, Toko-chan, and Rui-rui were watching too.
Nanami: You've worried, hesitated, gotten hurt, and cried... But you've also laughed and had fun.
Nanami: You've done your best every day, Shiro-chan. The school rules have absolutely nothing to do with that.
Nanami: So, I'll say this as many times as it takes.
Nanami: That's not true... It's not true at all, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Thank you for waiting. Here are the café lattes you ordered.
Nanami: Ah, Tsugu-senpai. Thank you very much.
Tsugumi: You're welcome. Also... Here. Please have this as well.
Mashiro: Huh? Cake? But we didn't order these... Is that okay?
Tsugumi: Uh... Sorry. I could actually hear the two of you talking a little bit.
Tsugumi: I don't know what happened, so this is all I can really do, but...
Tsugumi: I was hoping this would cheer you up a little bit, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Tsugumi-san... Thank you very much.
Tsugumi: Go ahead and dig in.
Nanami: Okay. Thanks for the food~... Munch.
Mashiro: ... Hm. Ah... It has such a gentle flavor.
Nanami: Whoa, you're right... It kind of feels like it's working its way into my chest~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I tried putting a lot of thought into the heavy cream for this cake. I'm glad you like it.
Nanami: Huh...? You made this, Tsugu-senpai?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I wanted to research different cakes and tried making that one a few minutes ago.
Nanami: I see~. So that's why the flavor is so gentle.
Tsugumi: ...? What do you mean?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan talks about you often. She says that you're so very kind!
Nanami: That's right. You're famous for being an oni of kindness~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Is that supposed to be kind or strict?
Nanami: And what's more, you're so cool on stage. It feels like you're absolutely perfect.
Tsugumi: It's kind of embarrassing to be complimented that much... But thanks.
Mashiro: I thought you were cool, too. And you were amazing during the GBT...
Mashiro: I could tell from your performance how much all of you wanted to win...
Mashiro: Even now, when I close my eyes, the sight of that time comes to me.
Tsugumi: ... Right. I agree that our desire to win was stronger than any other band that stepped on the stage that day.
Nanami: That's just how much Afterglow is staking on the GBT.
Tsugumi: ... That's also part of it, but...
Tsugumi: In my case, I think it was because I wanted to treasure the moment.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
