event234-04 Chapter 3: Shibuya Adventure

Mashiro, Nanami, and Tsukushi enjoy the crowded streets of Shibuya...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shibuya Station]

Nanami: Ooh~, this is Shibuya! Shiro-chan, Tsu-chan. It's Shibuya~!
Mashiro: Ngh. There are so many people... The entire city is sparkling, and it feels like I shouldn't be here...
Tsukushi: I'd heard about it before, but it really is this crowded. It seems like we'll have trouble just walking around...
Nanami: This is just what I expected from the place I've dreamed of~. It was my dream to visit Shibuya with my friends!
Nanami: Mmm~. I'm so excited~!
Tsukushi: You're kind of acting like my little sisters did the first time they went to an amusement park.
Nanami: Fu, fu, fu~. My excitement right now isn't about to lose to your sisters' excitement back then~.
Tsukushi: Ohh~. What does that even mean? Well, why don't we get going? We're heading to the Fairy Legends shop, right?
Nanami: Yeah! Shiro-chan said there are some goods she wants.
Mashiro: I do want them, but... I feel like my stomach will start hurting along the way.
Nanami: You'll be fine~. After all, having fun is unbeatable and seriously awesome~.
Nanami: With that said, let's go~! Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya - City]

Mashiro: Wow, these donuts are delicious~. They're really fluffy and just melt in my mouth...
Tsukushi: Mhm! They're so easy to eat because they're not too sweet.
Nanami: Just what you would expect from Toko-chan's recommended shop. I'm so grateful she sent us that list of places to visit when going to Shibuya~.
Tsukushi: I wonder what she's doing right now. I never imagined she'd get grounded for not cleaning up her room.
Mashiro: Yeah... She was really upset, saying, "No fair, no fair! The three of you are going there by yourselves~! I wanna go to Shibuya, too~!"
Nanami: Rui-rui had student council duties, so the timing wasn't right... Sigh. How disappointing. I wanted all of us to come together~.
Tsukushi: Ohh~. There's nothing we can do about it. Let's all come next time.
Mashiro: Yeah. We can sync up our schedules.
Nanami: Fufu. I wonder if this is thanks to the sweets. The two of you were nervous a little while ago, but now you're smiling~.
Mashiro: Now that you mention it... I feel more relaxed than when we came, and now I feel like I might not have any problems walking around Shibuya.
Tsukushi: But you were quite the sight when we tried going into that used clothing store. You stiffened up like a rock.
Mashiro: Th-that was because~... I wasn't mentally prepared yet. And it was a shop I don't normally go to...
Mashiro: And you're one to talk. Your eyes bulged when Nanami-chan said we were going to the used clothing store.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Th-they did~?
Nanami: Ahaha. Tsu-chan, you're looking away as you say that~.
Tsukushi: W-well~, it had such a mature atmosphere. I've never been to a place like that either...
Mashiro: Was that also written on Toko-chan's list? She really does know a lot of different shops.
Nanami: Yeah. All of her recommended shops are places I don't normally visit. So it's really exciting.
Nanami: It kinda feels like we're on an adventure!
Mashiro: An adventure... I might know what you mean. It feels like my world is expanding.
Mashiro: At first, I was scared of Shibuya. But it had nothing but scenery I'd never seen, so I gradually got excited.
Nanami: I see...
Nanami: In that case, do you wanna make "Let's try things we don't normally do!" our theme for the day?
Mashiro: Things we don't normally do...?
Nanami: Yeah! Coming to Shibuya is something we don't normally do. And neither is going to a used clothing store, right?
Nanami: So let's go on lots of adventures today~. For the moment, I also wanna go to Harajuku~.
Tsukushi: I don't mind, but... isn't this a little sudden?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. I didn't think we'd also go to Harajuku, so I'm a little nervous...
Nanami: You two. Adventures always start unexpectedly.
Nanami: With that said, once we've seen the Fairy Legends goods, let's go~!
Mashiro: Nanami-chan's eyes are really sparkling... But I might be looking forward to it a little bit.
Tsukushi: Fufu. Right... Huh? Doesn't it seem like lots of people are dancing in this area?
Mashiro: You're right... They're all more or less the same age as us. Is it a dance club practice?
Nanami: I think they're probably taking videos.
Nanami: I heard it's a trend among high school girls where they dance to a popular song and then post it online.
Mashiro: Huh. I see...
Nanami: Gasp! I've got an idea! We should try that, too!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: What~?!
Mashiro: No way, I can't do that! It's impossible~!
Mashiro: I can't dance, and the thought alone of everyone watching me online... Ohh, it's so embarrassing.
Nanami: Even if we take a video, I won't upload it, so it's fine~. Plus, this is another adventure!
Nanami: I'll place my phone here, and... Okay, let's start filming~.
Tsukushi: Whoa! Wait, wait!
Mashiro: Wh-what kind of dance should we do...?
Nanami: It wouldn't really matter, would it? I'm sure the girls taking the videos aren't dance experts, either.
Nanami: You can just move around how you want to a song you like~. You could do small jumps like this or wave your hands up and down.
Tsukushi: If that's all, then I guess it's okay...
Nanami: Okay~. We're definitely going for it this time~... Start!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
