event234-01 Opening: Showdown with Afterglow

Morfonica faces off against Afterglow in the GBT. Who will be victorious?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Girls Band Battle Tournament - 4th Round Venue]

Mashiro: Ohh. There are so many people in the audience... Wh-what do I do~?
Nanami: Shiro-chan, are you okay? Your face is pale. Here, have some water... Drink it slowly.
Mashiro: Thanks, Nanami-chan... Sigh...
Toko: Don't you think you're being too nervous? It's almost our turn, so get it together~.
Tsukushi: I think it's been a while since I've seen you like this, Mashiro-chan.
Rui: Indeed. We have not seen you be this nervous as of late.
Mashiro: Well, that's because our opponent today is Afterglow...
Mashiro: I can't believe we're facing off against the people who put on the concert that motivated us to start a band... My stomach hurts...
Toko: Oh, come on. We can definitely pull it off! I can just kinda tell~. I'm totally in the zone today!
Toko: Today's audience is in luck~. After all, they'll get to witness the genius guitarist Toko Kirigaya!
???: ... Huh? Tsugumi, where's Moca and the others?
???: They're getting ready in the dressing room. They said they'll come as soon as they're done.
Mashiro: Ah...
Toko: Ran-san! Tsugu-san! Hiya!
Ran: Toko, be quiet. Your voice is way too loud.
Toko: Now, now~. It's you and me we're talking about! More importantly, I'm looking forward to our competition today.
Toko: Make sure you don't collapse from our killer performance~. We're gonna get everyone more pumped than they've ever been!
Ran: Yeah. Let's perform with everything we've got. But...
Ran: The winner's gonna be Afterglow.
Ran: We can't afford to lose here. We're gonna play as hard as we can, as fast as we can, until we win... That's our plan, so get ready.
Tsugumi: ...
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai. I'm looking forward to our performance today!
Tsugumi: Ah, Tsukushi-chan. Yeah, same here.
Tsukushi: This feels kind of weird, doesn't it? I never imagined I'd be competing against you in a concert.
Tsukushi: But we'll be going all out. Let's all do our best and enjoy ourselves today!
Tsugumi: Enjoy ourselves, huh...? Sorry, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsugumi: We can't put on a concert that ends as having been fun. Because we can't afford to lose.
Tsugumi: We want to win no matter what.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai...
Host: Let's give it up for HONEY ALMONDMILK and Yoimadoi.! Both bands put on fantastic concerts!
Host: Now then. Next... let's move on to the matchup between Morfonica and Afterglow! Up first is Morfonica. Please come out on stage!
Mashiro: W-we're starting?! No way, I can't do this...! I couldn't sing now if I tried...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, it's okay. If you feel uneasy, just look around you. We'll be right there with you. Okay?
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...
Rui: We should go. Is everyone ready?
Toko: You bet! I'm gonna be the first one on stage~!
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: ... Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Everyone, good day. We're Morfonica.
Mashiro: Please listen to our first song... "Angel's Ladder."
Toko: (Ah, Shiro's on a roll! My guitar's gonna be spitting fire, too~!)
Rui: (... This is the best her voice has carried this far. And our parts are in sync with each other... The start is going smoothly.)
Tsukushi: (Wow, wow, wow! Mashiro-chan's singing is leading our music!)
Nanami: (That's our Shiro-chan. Okay. I'm gonna get more serious, too~.)
Mashiro: ...♪ ...♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Ahh~, oh my gosh! This is so crazy! That was our greatest concert ever!!
Tsukushi: Mhm! The audience members' eyes were sparkling the whole time!
Nanami: Fufu. You were all in perfect form. My bass was spitting fire, too~.
Toko: And my guitar absolutely blew up~. Right, Shiro?
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Ah, sorry... I was just thinking how good that time felt.
Mashiro: When I was singing, the crystals of our music sparkled as they spread throughout the venue... That's the sight I saw.
Rui: Everyone, Afterglow's concert is starting.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Th-this is kind of nerve-wracking, huh? I wonder what kind of concert they'll put on...
Toko: Well, I doubt that even Afterglow will be able to win against our awesome concert~.
Ran: We're Afterglow. Thanks for coming out today... "SENSENFUKOKU."
(White cut)
Morfonica: ...!
Tsukushi: Wh-what is this...? They're incredible...
Nanami: It feels like I'm being punched by the music... My body and skin are tingling.
Rui: ...
(White cut)
(White cut)
Mashiro: (The stage... is on fire...)
Mashiro: (The flames of Afterglow's performance are sweeping over the venue... And the crystals of our music are disappearing...)
Mashiro: (My body is hot. It feels like I'm getting burned. The fire is so large and fierce... And yet, it's so pretty...)
Mashiro: (I can't get away... It's pulling me in more and more... until I'll be part of the blaze...)
(White cut)
Host: I will now announce the bands advancing to the fifth round of the Girls Band Battle Tournament.
Morfonica: ...
Host: Entry number ten, "My Nonsense World." Entry number thirteen, "Venus in the Noon Sky."
Host: Entry number eighteen, "Afterglow."
(Black cut)
(Background change)
