event234-07 Ending: Giving Back

What I can do now... Mashiro tells everyone what she wants to do.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day - Before Practice]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: It's done!!
Toko: I'll definitely be able to out-debate the chairwoman with this! My super invincible presentation is finished!
Rui: I see. Then please show it to me.
Toko: Hm?
Rui: I told you, did I not? I will check its contents before you show it to the chairwoman.
Nanami: Wow. So you made a promise like that? The two of you are such good friends~.
Rui: That is not the case. I am checking it because I cannot predict what will happen if I allow Kirigaya-san to do as she pleases.
Rui: There is a high likelihood that the chairwoman's impression will worsen due to the contents.
Rui: I want to quash such an occurrence as soon as possible so that I do not become involved in trouble when that happens.
Toko: Sheesh. You really are a worrywart, Rui~. It's me we're talking about. No way would that happen.
Toko: Here... Take a look at my totally sick presentation! See? It's perfect, isn't it?
Rui: ... Denied. Redo it.
Toko: Why?!
Rui: "Having fun is unbeatable! It's seriously awesome! So we should allow afterschool detours!"
Rui: This is not logical at all. Do you think this will encourage the chairwoman to consent? If you want to communicate your opinion, write it cogently.
Toko: Cogently?
Rui: I am saying to write it so that the reader can properly understand.
Rui: Also, why is each page colorfully decorated?
Toko: Because having it be flashy gets me psyched!
Toko: If I'm psyched, that makes reading the presentation fun. And if it's fun, that'll make it easier for the presentation to get accepted, right?
Rui: There is no way that would happen.
Rui: How concise and easily viewable can you make it? That question is the basis of creating documents. Decorations are out of the question.
Toko: Excuse me? Don't you think your senses are off if you can't understand the greatness of this? More importantly, you-
Nanami: Ahaha... There they go.
Tsukushi: Nngh~. Nngh~...
Nanami: Tsu-chan? Why are you pacing like that?
Tsukushi: It's because Mashiro-chan isn't here yet... She had that incident with the chairwoman... She'll come today, right?
Tsukushi: She seemed to have fun yesterday, but she gets depressed quickly...
Tsukushi: And what's more, she doesn't seem to have read the message I sent her a minute ago. I wonder if she's okay~...
Nanami: Hmm~. Aren't you worrying a bit too much? She probably just hasn't noticed the message because she's rushing here.
Tsukushi: But~...
Nanami: Anyway, Shiro-chan is fine~. I guarantee it~.
Mashiro: S-sorry I'm late...!
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan! Th-thank goodness~... I'm so happy you came!
Mashiro: Huh? What? What's wrong?
Toko: Huh? Shiro, you seem okay. I heard from Fusuke that you were down in the dumps.
Toko: Well, whatever! For now, I'm relieved to see it. Now then. Help me make my presentation!
Mashiro: P-presentation? Aren't we practicing...?
Toko: Rui's on my case about redoing it~. I wanna show the chairwoman who's boss as soon as possible. Help a girl out!
Tsukushi: Hey! Quit being so selfish! Mashiro-chan's here now, so come on and get ready!
Toko: No way! If school's not fun, I can't get motivated to practice!
Mashiro: U-um! Everyone...
Rui: Kurata-san?
Mashiro: I have something I want you all to hear. I was thinking yesterday...
Toko: Oh, what is it~? Quit beating around the bush and tell us already.
Mashiro: So, uh...
Mashiro: I want to give back to Tsukinomori.
Tsukushi: ...? What do you mean?
Mashiro: I've had no self-confidence for the longest time, right? Ah, I don't have any now either...
Mashiro: But I've gradually increased the number of things I can do, and I feel like I'm different from before...
Mashiro: I think that's all because I enrolled at Tsukinomori.
Mashiro: I mean, thanks to that, I was able to meet Morfonica.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: I love Tsukinomori... I love this place that gave me a chance to have self-confidence.
Mashiro: That's why... I want to give back to Tsukinomori.
Mashiro: For the Tsukinomori Music Festival, I want to put on a concert that can cheer up the depressed Tsukinomori...!
Tsukushi & Toko: ...
Mashiro: And that might not make the current Tsukinomori go back to being what it was before, but... for just that moment, the entire school will be able to smile.
Mashiro: I want to have that kind of concert to give back to the school.
Toko: Huh... Shiro, that's pretty cool. You clearly said what you wanted to do for once...
Nanami: Mhm. I really felt that~.
Toko: You said it~. I felt zapped by that just now! In fact, I'm super fired up...!
Rui: Our goal for the Tsukinomori Music Festival is decided. While illogical, it has given me an image.
Rui: A concert where our performance influences the audience... As I recall, we saw one such performance up close recently.
Nanami: So a concert like Afterglow did that one day, huh~? That seems like it will be hard~.
Toko: Don't worry! That'll be a cinch for us! Alright. How about we start practicing? It's to pump up Tsukinomori!
Mashiro: Right...
Nanami: Ahaha. Toko-chan's burning with passion~. It looks like she's forgotten about the presentation.
Tsukushi: ... It's just like you said, Nanami-chan. Mashiro-chan really was okay.
Nanami: Fu, fu, fu~. She's gotten stronger again when you weren't aware of it~.
Tsukushi: (It happened when I didn't know...)
Tsukushi: (I still don't know how to deal with the current Tsukinomori, but Mashiro-chan...)
Toko: Oh man~. I never would've thought you'd be the one to get me motivated, Shiro~. Way to go, girl~!
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan, stop it~. You're messing up my hair~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
