event234-03 Chapter 2: Why You Lack Confidence

Mashiro doesn't know why she has been summoned by the chairwoman...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Chairwoman's Office]

Mashiro: ...
Chairwoman: Thank you for coming today despite the sudden summons. Now then. Let us begin.
Mashiro: Okay! P-please do... So, umm~...
Chairwoman: What is the matter? Is there something you would like to say?
Mashiro: Um... Why are you having a one-on-one meeting with me...?
Chairwoman: If that is what you are asking, I was just about to explain things.
Chairwoman: To fully comprehend Tsukinomori, I am currently checking the background of every student.
Mashiro: Every student? Isn't that a lot of people...?
Chairwoman: As chairwoman, being aware of the school's current circumstances is essential. Let us return to the topic at hand.
Chairwoman: While checking backgrounds, several students caught my eye. I have decided to have one-on-one meetings with those students.
Mashiro: ...? I don't feel like there's anything eye-catching about me...
Chairwoman: Kurata-san, you came from an unaffiliated school, did you not? I also transferred to Tsukinomori from an unaffiliated school.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Chairwoman: I know the difficulty someone from a different environment faces in comporting themselves as a student of Tsukinomori.
Chairwoman: I thought that might be the same for you. How are your days at Tsukinomori?
Mashiro: U-umm... Well...
Mashiro: (How should I answer her? Is it okay for me to say that it's fun...?)
Chairwoman: ... "A late bloomer who is weak in asserting herself. Appears to have no self-confidence."
Mashiro: ...! What was that...?
Chairwoman: That is the evaluation I gave you based on your background and statements from relevant faculty members.
Chairwoman: Now that I have spoken with you, I have determined that that evaluation was accurate.
Chairwoman: Kurata-san. Why do you think it is that you lack confidence?
Mashiro: ... I don't know...
Chairwoman: The answer is simple. It is because you have yet to become a Tsukinomori student.
Mashiro: ...
Chairwoman: If you are aware that you are a Tsukinomori student, that will naturally give you confidence. That was also the case for me.
Chairwoman: Follow the rigid school rules and spend each day earnestly. That buildup will instill you with Tsukinomori's mentality and pride.
Chairwoman: It was not good that you transferred to the school when its regulations were lax. In a sense, you are a victim of that.
Chairwoman: Kurata-san, you should become a Tsukinomori student quickly. I will provide you with as much help with that as I can.
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: ... That's... not...
Chairwoman: ...? Kurata-san, I cannot hear you clearly. Please speak a little louder.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Mashiro: What makes us special... In my case, that would be the feelings that helped me decide to believe in myself... I guess.
Toko: Also, the fact that you learned to love yourself, right? Shiro, that's what you said during the Concourse of Words!
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Mashiro: Th-that's... not true...
Mashiro: That's not...
Mashiro: (That's not true... It's just not... Even I was able to change...)
Mashiro: (Even I... became a Tsukinomori student...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Outside Chairwoman's Office]

Toko: Isn't Shiro kinda late? Hey, Rui. What do you talk about in one-on-one meetings?
Rui: I do not know why you would ask me that. Those meetings are something the chairwoman is conducting personally.
Rui: ... My apologies, but I will go now as I have a student council meeting. If you discover something, please inform me of it later.
Nanami: See you~. Good luck with your duties~.
Toko: Hm...? Ah, I got a message from my grandma. I wonder what's up.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, shouldn't you stop that...? We're banned from using our phones except in emergencies.
Toko: It's fine! I'm just looking at the pop-up notification. That won't count as using my phone, right?
Tsukushi: D-do you think so...?
Toko: Umm, lemme see~... Ugh!! Oh crud. She's really mad...
Toko: I'll be in deep trouble if I don't clean my room quick! Sorry, but I'm heading home! Tell me what happens with Shiro later...!
Nanami: Toko-chan, you can't run in the hallway~.
Nanami & Tsukushi: Shiro-chan! Mashiro-chan!
Tsukushi: Are you okay?! What was the meeting about?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, Nanami-chan... W-waaah~...
Nanami: Shiro-chan... What happened?
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: What is that?! That's so mean! You are a Tsukinomori student...!
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, don't pay any attention to what she said.
Mashiro: ... Right...
Nanami: (Shiro-chan's eyes are swollen... She must've cried in the chairwoman's office...)
Nanami: (... Of course she did... It must've been a shock for her to suddenly be told something like that...)
Nanami: (What can I do to cheer her up...? Ah.)
Nanami: Having fun is unbeatable. It's seriously awesome...
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan? Did you say something?
Nanami: ... Hey, you two. Are you free this weekend?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
