band6-032 Chapter 12: My Spark

Mashiro apologizes to everyone for running. They make a request...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Riverbank]

Mashiro: I'm sorry for running away, everyone...
Nanami: No, it's okay. We were really worried about you. You didn't come to school for so long~.
Toko: I don't know why you ran, but you seem pretty okay now, huh?
Mashiro: Thanks to Tsukushi-chan...
Mashiro: I was feeling really down, but she helped me feel a lot better.
Toko: Huh? Fusuke did? Seriously?
Tsukushi: Hey! What's that supposed to mean?!
Toko: Ahaha, I'm just kidding! It's a joke!
Nanami: Fufu, that's our leader for you~.
Mashiro: Um... Where's Rui-san, by the way?
Toko: Rui? Ahh, she left already.
Mashiro: Oh... I wanted to apologize to her...
Mashiro: I told her it was her fault... my presentation didn't go well...
Nanami: Ah~... I'm sorry about your presentation.
Toko: Shoot. I would've been able to hear your speech if you got picked, too~.
Tsukushi: Oh, I've got the speech here, actually.
Mashiro: ... Huh?
Toko: For real? That's what I'm talking about, Fusuke!
Toko: Alright. C'mon. Read it, Shiro.
Mashiro: H-here? Th-that's...
Tsukushi: What's the problem? We're the only ones here, after all.
Nanami: I really wanna hear what sort of stuff you wanted to say, Shiro-chan~.
Mashiro: F-fine... But don't laugh, okay...?
Toko: Laugh? No way! You know I'd never do something like that!
Tsukushi: You're the first person who would normally...
Nanami: Fufu, you've got this, Shiro-chan~.
Mashiro: O-okay...
(White cut)
Mashiro: ... I'm so thankful to have been able to meet everyone in Morfonica.
Mashiro: This band has changed my life. If the five of us could see the world sparkle together, that would make me really happy.
Mashiro: Before Morfonica, I thought there was nothing special about me. That I had no talent...
Mashiro: And that might still be true, but I don't think that's really a bad thing anymore.
Mashiro: Because being part of this band has given me the chance to actually appreciate myself.
Mashiro: I bet in the future, I'll remember these times over and over again. Whenever I feel down, or when I stumble...
Mashiro: I'll think back to the times that made me want to pat myself on the back... That made me want to tell myself I did well...
Mashiro: Because of Morfonica, I found my spark... and learned to love myself.
Mashiro: U-um... The end...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami & Toko: ...
Tsukushi: Hey, you two! Where's the applause? That was an amazing speech, wasn't it?
Toko: Ah... Sorry. That was kind of a lame reaction, my bad.
Toko: I've always thought speeches were supposed to be all stiff and boring, so I never really liked them, but... what Shiro was saying? ... I felt that.
Toko: Before Morfonica, I never thought I'd get serious about anything.
Toko: It always sounded kinda lame... But now? Giving your all for one thing is pretty cool, if you ask me.
Nanami: Yeah. Me too...
Nanami: I didn't really like myself. But thanks to all of you, that gradually began to change.
Nanami: And just like Shiro-chan... I'll probably be thinking about the moments that made me change for the rest of my life.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: See? I told you it was a great speech. Be proud, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Yeah. Thanks, Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: Ahh... I just wish the rest of the class could have heard the rest of your speech, too~...
Mashiro: It's okay. Just having all of you hear it is good enough for me.
Toko: ... Hey. What if we just did this?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Tsukushi: Oh, I never thought of that! Great idea! Let's do it!
Nanami: You're a genius, Toko-chan~. You get the Hiromachi stamp of approval~.
Toko: Of course I do! I know my brain is just on another level~.
Mashiro: B-but that's kinda embarrassing...
Toko: Why? It's fine, isn't it? C'mon!
Nanami: You wrote an awesome speech. It'd be a shame not to let others hear it, too~.
Mashiro: Toko-chan, Nanami-chan... Okay. If you all say so... I guess I could give it a try...
Tsukushi: Then it's settled. Now let's iron out the details, shall we?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Schoolgirl A: Good day, Kurata-san. Are you feeling better?
Schoolgirl B: You were gone for so long, we all started to worry, you know.
Mashiro: Sorry... for making you all worry...
Mashiro: Oh. That's right, you all even texted me... I'm sorry for not texting back.
Schoolgirl A: Oh, it's fine. I'm just happy to see you back at school.
Schoolgirl B: You looked really sick during the presentation, so I wasn't sure if you were going to be okay.
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan. You're going to tell them, right?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. Um, could I have a second, everyone...?
Mashiro: About that presentation from before... I really embarrassed myself in front of you all...
Mashiro: I wasn't able to share with you what I wanted to say properly... so could you give me a second chance?
Tsukushi: Take a look at this flyer, everyone!
Schoolgirl A: Flyer? ... The Blue Sky Band Contest?
Tsukushi: Yeah! Morfonica's going to be playing at it!
Mashiro: Everything I wanted to tell you all, but couldn't... I'll be singing there. So please, come watch...!
