band6-022 Chapter 2: Concourse of Words

Preparations are underway at Tsukinomori for a certain annual event...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Toko: Feast your eyes on this~... Ta-dah~! How's this for awesome?!
Nanami: Are these designs for new outfits?
Mashiro: Wow, they're so pretty...! They look amazing...!
Toko: Of course they are! Genius fashion designer Toko Kirigaya tried really hard coming up with them, after all!
Mashiro: Are you making these for us?
Toko: Yup! I figured it was about time for a wardrobe update~!
Toko: We hit our goal of playing at CiRCLE now, after all! This'll be perfect for us as we're in the middle of super evolving!
Mashiro: S-super evolving...?
Nanami: Isn't this just because you got bored of our old outfits?
Toko: Huh? How'd you guess? You psychic?
Nanami & Mashiro: Figures...
Nanami: I mean, you get bored of stuff really fast...
Mashiro: Yeah, it's gotten easy to tell after all the time we've spent together...
Toko: Meh, sure, there's that, too. But I'm serious about wanting a new set of outfits that match our new selves!
Toko: We're on a roll, right? Don't you think new clothes would be awesome for keeping us hyped up?
Toko: Hey, get over here, Fusuke. Take a look at this~.
Tsukushi: H-hold on. I've still got work I need to finish.
Toko: Work? You've been messing with the class bulletin board this whole time. What're you doing?
Tsukushi: I'm updating it. This is important class president work, you know.
Mashiro: Hey, what's that poster?
Tsukushi: Oh, it's for our annual Concourse of Words.
Nanami: Ah, it's that time of the year already, huh~.
Mashiro: What's a Concourse of Words?
Toko: Ah, right, you transferred in. I guess you wouldn't know about it.
Nanami: It's something close to how other schools do speech contests~.
Tsukushi: The school holds it each year to help students learn to express their own thoughts using their own words.
Tsukushi: Starting from middle school, each class picks a representative to do a speech in the auditorium.
Tsukushi: This year's theme is... Uh, looks like it's "My Very Own Spark."
Mashiro: A speech contest, huh...? I never knew.
Mashiro: If they're doing it in the auditorium, that must mean... Everyone in both the middle school and high school are going to be there, right?
Mashiro: Ugh... Just imagining giving a speech in front of all those people is giving me a stomachache...
Tsukushi: Don't hurt yourself from just your imagination!
Toko: Besides, you already talk onstage at our shows.
Nanami: If you can do that, you should be able to do a speech like this, don't you think?
Mashiro: What? N-no way...!
Tsukushi: Really? I think it could be a great experience for you.
Tsukushi: You said becoming able to talk in front of big crowds made you happy, after all.
Tsukushi: Don't you think giving an event like this a shot would help your self-confidence, too?
Mashiro: ...
Toko: And it'd actually make the thing worth watching, too~. That event's so boring, it goes all the way around back to being amazing how boring it is.
Tsukushi: Ohhh, don't say things like that! It's an important school tradition!
Nanami: Well, it doesn't seem exactly up Toko-chan's alley anyway... Hm?
Mashiro: Nanami-chan? What's wrong?
Nanami: Ah, I suddenly felt like someone was watching us...
Schoolgirl A: Hey, look! That's Morfonica over there. Did you know? They're all in a band together. Isn't that cool?
Schoolgirl B: I saw them play the other day, you know. All their songs are great, and I'm actually a pretty big fan of Kurata-san's voice~.
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi & Toko: ...
Toko: Look at that, Shiro~! The whole school's talkin' about you!
Tsukushi: That's great! She said she liked your singing, too!
Mashiro: R-really? I couldn't really hear them that well~...
Nanami: You say that, but your smile says otherwise~.
Mashiro: That's not true~...
Nanami: Oh, it's about time to leave. Are we gonna stop somewhere today?
Toko: You bet we are! The café, like always! I heard they've got a new menu starting this week!
Nanami: Oh~, that sounds sorta exciting~. Alright, I'm just gonna grab my bag~.
Tsukushi: I'll finish cleaning up the bulletin board. Mashiro-chan, you should get ready to head out, too.
Mashiro: Ah, sure...
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: ("Your spark will light the way...")
Mashiro: (I wonder... Has a spark begun to light my way, too...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
