band6-021 Chapter 1: A Tiny Spark

Morfonica performs at CiRCLE for the third time. They have improved, however...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Thanks, everyone~!
Toko: Ahh, that was awesome! We're the best of the best!
Toko: At this rate, we've gotta be a shoo-in for the Golden CiRCLE Award.
Toko: Just wait until you all see what I wear to the red carpet!
Tsukushi: There you go saying random stuff again... I've never heard of an award like that!
Toko: Ahaha, I know, right?! Still, if there's gonna be a show that deserves an award, it'd be this one!
Toko: Thanks, everyone! That's what I'm talking about! All my Morfonica peeps in the crowd get one bazillion points!
Toko: Alright... Next up, Shiro! Give 'em all a word!
Mashiro: Huh?! M-me?!
Nanami: You can do it, Shiro-chan~.
Mashiro: U-um... This is our third time playing at CiRCLE now...
Mashiro: The fact that we get to play here, at the place where I first learned about this world of girls bands... It all still feels like a dream.
Mashiro: But every time I stand on this stage, I'm reminded that my dream has come true... and that makes me really happy.
Mashiro: Um... Please enjoy our show until the very end...! Thank you very much...!
Nanami & Tsukushi: ...
Rui: That is enough talk. Let us move on to the next song.
Mashiro: Y-yeah. Please listen to our next song, "Daylight."
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Tsukushi: What a great show! Good job, everyone!
Nanami: That was a lotta fun~. And I think we had more people in the crowd this time, too~.
Toko: Of course we did! With how good we're getting, how could people not wanna see us?!
Toko: And man, were they super lucky today! They got to witness legends getting born on stage! Right, Shiro?!
Mashiro: Y-yeah...
Toko: Huh? Whoa, where's the energy?
Mashiro: Um, Toko-chan... Why do you make me talk on stage?
Mashiro: I feel like it's been getting more common lately... Now, every time we play, I get more nervous about having to talk than anything else...
Toko: But if I don't put you on the mic, the show would end without you saying anything at all.
Toko: I'm just lookin' out for you, girl. You should be thanking me~.
Mashiro: O-oh...
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, were you really thinking about it that much?
Nanami: I figured you were just making Shiro-chan take the mic whenever you got bored of talking.
Toko: Well, there's that, too.
Mashiro: There is?!
Nanami: Ahaha. Still, it feels like you've been getting more and more confident ever since you've started talking on the mic~.
Tsukushi: You needed all our help at first, but look at you now. You were able to tell the crowd how you felt today, weren't you?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. I get really scared, but sort of happy, too...
Mashiro: Whenever I do talk in front of crowds... I realize that I've become able to do this sort of stuff now...
Tsukushi: Yup yup! It's all about making the most of your past experiences!
Toko: So basically, we're all leveling up at a good pace!
Toko: Right, Rui?! You can't have any complaints about today's show, can you?
Rui: I do have some words.
Toko: You do?!
Rui: Our performance quality dips as we enter the latter half of our set. That is clear proof of a lack of an ability to concentrate.
Rui: In addition, our group also lacks proper consideration for individual notes. You must consider the meaning of each sound you make as you perform. Also...
Toko: Hold on, wait up!
Rui: What?
Toko: We've gotten better, haven't we? Where's all this coming from?!
Tsukushi: There were a few comments there I've never heard you make before, too...
Rui: Our group has raised our performance quality. Raising my own standards for us is a given... Is it not?
Nanami: Does that mean... you're gonna be harder on us from now on?
Toko: You serious...? Man, way to ruin the mood. Why do you have to say stuff like that now...?
Rui: You were the one who asked for my opinion.
Rui: However, there is one point I would agree on. Kurata-san does appear to have grown more confident as of late.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Tsukushi: R-Rui-san complimenting someone isn't something you hear every day.
Nanami: It might be the first time ever in the history of Tsukinomori...
Rui: I am simply stating the truth. And I will leave it at that today. If you would excuse me.
Tsukushi: Huh? Wait, hold on!
Nanami: C'mon, let's all eat together before we head home~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
