band6-035 Chapter 15: To Become Who I Aspire to Be

Morfonica performs beneath the blue sky. What are their thoughts from on stage?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Day of the Contest]

[Blue Sky Band Contest - Stage]

Announcer: Next up is entry number seven, Morfonica!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Good day and greetings~! We're Morfonica~!
Toko: Man, I'm so excited right now! Seriously! The sky's blue as far as the eyes can see, the weather's good, and you all in the crowd are lookin' even better!
Toko: Oh yeah, who out there knows who we are~?
Toko: Hm hm... Okay, I see. All you first-timers better remember our name, got it?
Toko: Because if we're talking legendary girls bands, there's no one else more legendary than us, the winners of the Golden CiRCLE Award!
Nanami: Ah~, we finally won.
Rui: Irresponsible as ever.
Tsukushi: Ahhh~! We didn't win anything! There's no such thing as a Golden CiRCLE Award! Please don't believe her~!
Toko: Ahaha! But I'm serious about making sure you don't forget who we are! We're gonna give you the best show you've ever seen, so get ready~!
Toko: Alrighty then~... I'll pass it over to our vocalist, Shiro, who's got something to say!
Mashiro: ... Okay!
Mashiro: Um, I... I'm really bad with being the center of attention... That's why I'm actually really, really nervous right now.
Mashiro: I'm nervous, but... At the same time, I'm excited, too...
Mashiro: The fact that I can feel this way about something that scares me... makes me really happy.
Mashiro: And it's thanks to the world of music... and the fact that I met these four people on stage with me... that I've changed.
Mashiro: And so, I'd like to sing about those feelings for you all today.
Mashiro: Please listen to our song... "fly with the night"...!
(White cut)
Toko: (Do I get along with Rui? Please. Obviously, I don't. We're on totally different wavelengths. She's annoyed me ever since we started hanging out in our band together.)
Toko: (But you know what else annoys me? ... The fact that I don't hate having her around. That I actually like playing with her... and that I might have changed because of her. Ugh!)
(White cut)
Nanami: (Because I'm with you all, I've learned to face myself... I think that I've learned to like myself a little bit.)
Nanami: (This might be the spark I've been looking for, I suppose. Just like Shiro-chan, I've learned to love myself. I'm so glad to have met you all. Really.)
(White cut)
Tsukushi: (I've always thought that our band was strange. Our personalities are so different, and we all come from such different backgrounds. How on earth did the five of us come together?)
Tsukushi: (But the more time I spend with you all, the more I feel like I've come to understand. We're all searching for a reason to love ourselves... Trying to become a person worth our own praise...!)
(White cut)
Rui: (Again, my violin sings... and inevitably, it will lead to despair... That is why I gave up on music.)
Rui: (But it is strange... While I allow myself to be enveloped within this harmony of sound, I forget that. Right now, all I want to do is craft this music into the shape I desire...)
(White cut)
Mashiro: ("Your spark will light the way." ... When I first heard that phrase, I really liked it, even though I didn't know what it meant. Now, I think I'm beginning to understand...)
Mashiro: (My desire to believe in myself has led to me to overcoming all sorts of things I couldn't do before... Paths I couldn't see before have been lit up for me...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: (I believe. If I'm together with you all, with Morfonica... I'm sure that there will be lots more paths for me to find. And those paths will lead me to that shining, sparkling world. I know it...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Sigh. Fifth place, huh~. I figured we'd do a little better than that~.
Nanami: Fifth place is plenty good, though. There were a lot of bands in the contest, after all~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan's right! Fifth place is something we can be proud of!
Tsukushi: Ah, Mashiro-chan. Did you check your phone? Our classmates messaged you, you know.
Mashiro: Yeah, I saw. My lyrics... I think they got my message across...
Tsukushi: You bet they did! Everything you couldn't tell them that day and more!
Toko: Meh, fifth is fine, I guess. I already know if it was a matter of being memorable, we'd have taken first place easily.
Tsukushi: That's right, fifth place is totally-...
Rui: ...
Nanami & Tsukushi: ...
Mashiro: We didn't get first place, but... how do you feel, Rui-san...?
Mashiro: Do you still think there's no point in playing music anymore? We didn't win, after all.
Rui: If I were to look at it objectively, then no. There is no point. This was certainly not a result I can be proud of.
Mashiro: O-oh...
Rui: But, emotionally speaking, I do not actually care about what place we got. I put everything I had into that performance, and I am satisfied.
Nanami & Tsukushi: Huh...?
Rui: I wanted to learn what prioritizing emotion over reason would bring...
Rui: That is what I told you all when I first decided to join you. But I think what I was really trying to discover was what my feelings meant.
Rui: The feelings that led me to abandon my music and call it meaningless...
Tsukushi: Rui-san...
Rui: In the end, I could not reach an answer. I decided it would be best to distance myself from music once again.
Rui: But after watching Kurata-san and the rest of you, I realized something.
Rui: I thought that by observing you all, who can believe in a path whose future remains unknown, I might be able to find my answer. I was mistaken.
Rui: The only one who can understand my feelings... is me. Just like Kurata-san, who discovered how to believe in herself.
Rui: If there was a person out there who I could say I aspire to be like... Kurata-san, I want to be like you.
Mashiro: ...!
Nanami: Um, so what does that mean... for the band...?
Rui: I will stay. No, that is not what I should be saying here, I suppose.
Rui: Please... Let me be part of Morfonica again.
Toko & Nanami & Tsukushi: ...!
Tsukushi: Ohhh, thank goodness~!
Nanami: I was so worried you'd say you were still going to quit~.
Toko: Man, you really like to talk, huh? You could've just started with that, Rui!
Toko: Right, Shiro? ... Shiro?
Mashiro: Eh? Huh? S-sorry... I wasn't listening...
Nanami: Are you okay? You were frozen in place there.
Mashiro: I was just so surprised... No one has ever told me they want to be like me...
Tsukushi: You've got to have more confidence in yourself! You were so cool today onstage!
Toko: Wait, if you wanna become self-confident, wouldn't I be a way better reference than Shiro?
Rui: I do not want to be anything like you.
Toko: What? Why?! I've got boatloads more confidence than Shiro!
Rui: Your confidence is completely unwarranted.
Nanami: Now, now. Down, you two~.
Tsukushi: Come on~! We just got the band back together, don't start fighting now!
Mashiro: Fufu. It really is fun having the five of us together like this.
Nanami: It's definitely a party, that's for sure~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: That's true, but more than that... it's because the world sparkles when we're together...!
(White cut)
