band6-023 Chapter 3: Challenging Myself

Candidates for the concourse are being chosen. Mashiro makes a decision.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Tsukushi: Alright, then we'll move on to our final topic for today.
Tsukushi: It's time we decided who our representative for the Concourse of Words is going to be.
Tsukushi: Right now, we've got Ichijo-san and Saionji-san as candidates. Are there any others interested?
Mashiro: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nanami: Ahaha. Still, it feels like you've been getting more and more confident ever since you've started talking on the mic~.
Tsukushi: You needed all our help at first, but look at you now. You were able to tell the crowd how you felt, weren't you?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. I get really scared, but sort of happy, too...
Mashiro: Whenever I do talk in front of crowds... I realize I've become able to do this sort of stuff now...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Besides, you already talk onstage at our shows.
Nanami: If you can do that, you should be able to do a speech like this, don't you think?
Mashiro: What? N-no way...!
Tsukushi: Really? I think it could be a great experience for you.
Tsukushi: You said becoming able to talk in front of big crowds made you happy, after all.
Tsukushi: Don't you think giving an event like this a shot would help your self-confidence, too?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Mashiro: ("Your spark will light the way...")
Tsukushi: Uhhh, looks like there's no one else, then. Alright...
Mashiro: U-um...!
Mashiro: I-I'm interested... if that's okay...
Tsukushi: M-Mashiro-chan...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Jeez, I was so surprised~!
Nanami: Wow~. Shiro-chan, you're gonna try getting into the Concourse of Words~?
Tsukushi: You were so against it before, I'd never have thought I'd see you raise your hand.
Mashiro: Everyone was telling me how I can do it and how I should give it a try...
Mashiro: So I thought... Maybe I could give it a shot... Somebody else will probably get picked anyway...
Tsukushi: Gosh, you always say things like that.
Nanami: How are you planning on picking, by the way?
Nanami: Our class only had one person interested, so it was super easy~.
Tsukushi: The plan is to have the class vote on it in two weeks.
Tsukushi: The candidates will all prepare their speeches and give them then.
Nanami: Oh. Sounds like you've gotta get to work, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Y-yeah. I'm not super confident about this, though...
Nanami: Ahaha. Well, I'm cheering for you.
Tsukushi: Oh, that's right. Where are Toko-chan and Rui-san?
Nanami: Toko-chan said she's stopping by her club first. Rui-rui said she'll be here after she's finished with her student council work.
Nanami: They should be here by now, though~...
Toko: I. Said. Stop! Quit butting into stuff that's not your business!
Rui: ... How long do you plan on keeping this conversation going?
Mashiro: That's Toko-chan and Rui-san's voices... right?
Nanami: It sounds like they're arguing...
Tsukushi: Aww~! What now?!
