band6-033 Chapter 13: Unspoken Feelings

Mashiro apologizes to Rui and senses something from her words...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rui: The Blue Sky Band Contest...?
Student Council Member A: Yeah, Kirigaya-san posted about it online~. Sounds like you're all gonna be playing in a pretty big show, huh?
Student Council Member B: We're all cheering for you. We were talking about whether we could meet up to come see you play together.
Rui: No, I am no longer part of-
Student Council Member A: Kirigaya-san was saying you wrote a new song, too, right? If you need more time, we can always take some work off of your hands. Just say the word.
Student Council Member B: Okay, we've got to get to our meeting for next month! Get those files sorted out please, Yashio-san! We're leaving the fort to you!
Rui: ... A new song?
Rui: (Do they mean to finish the song that I gave them...? What sort of song could they create on their own...?)
Rui: (No, it is no longer any of my business. There is no sense worrying about it.)
Rui: ... Come in.
Mashiro: U-um...
Rui: Kurata-san? Do you need something from the student council?
Mashiro: No. I came here to see you...
Mashiro: I said a lot to you that I wanted to apologize for...
Rui: You do not have to. I did not mind.
Rui: I am fully aware of how selfish my actions have been. You have every right to complain.
Rui: Is that all? Then could I ask you to take this for me?
Mashiro: ... Is this... your score for our new song?
Rui: Hiromachi-san gave it to me yesterday, but I imagine you have more use for it than I do.
Rui: The notes I have written on there might be of some use.
Mashiro: ... Why did Nanami-chan give this to you?
Rui: She told me to look at this and face my own emotions.
Rui: Music cannot be crafted purely through theory. You must have a solid grasp of what you want to convey. An internal compass, if you will.
Rui: I imagine she wanted me to consider how I felt as I wrote this piece, seeing as I claimed that reason should take priority over emotion.
Rui: But my answer is still the same. None of that matters.
Rui: In the end, that song remains nothing more than the result of conceit and complacency. Even if I was able to elevate it to a level that satisfied me.
Rui: Just like before, my efforts would come to nothing. I would still be someone of no value, no status.
Mashiro: Before...? Do you mean when you were playing violin in the past?
Rui: Yes. No matter how hard I tried, no matter how much I immersed myself in music, it all came to nothing.
Rui: I came in fifth place in my last contest. That is why I swore never again to involve myself in such fruitless endeavors.
Mashiro: Oh. I see...
Rui: I appreciate your understanding.
Rui: I have no intention of applying myself to more meaningless frivolities. That is why-
Mashiro: No. That's not what I meant. You see, I think I understand a little more about you, Rui-san...
Rui: Me?
Mashiro: Rui-san. You're afraid of being hurt by the things you love.
Rui: ...
Mashiro: All this stuff about reason over emotion, not wanting to do meaningless things...
Mashiro: Honestly, I don't really get it. But I know how you feel.
Mashiro: After starting Morfonica and growing to love this band... I don't want to be hurt by it either.
Rui: ... Then why do you continue?
Rui: There are many times I imagine you must have suffered throughout your time in the band.
Rui: You must know the pain of knowing your efforts would not be acknowledged. Of losing faith in your own ability. So why do you continue?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ... Because I want to believe in myself.
Mashiro: Because I want to become someone that can believe in myself...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Sure, being a part of Morfonica taught me how scary it is when you can't become the person you want to be. But it also taught me who that person is in the first place.
Rui: ... You can believe in yourself.
Rui: I cannot. Not back then, and not now.
Mashiro: I don't know where my actions right now are going to take me... I don't know if I have the ability to make anything meaningful, either.
Mashiro: But if nothing else, I think I can at least believe. I can at least give myself that...
Mashiro: Rui-san, don't you want to believe in yourself?
Rui: ...
Rui: ... You are all so very strange.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Rui: There has never been anyone in my life who would bother with me to this extent.
Rui: You, Kirigaya-san, everyone in Morfonica... Do you all have a habit of prying into other people's businesses?
Mashiro: S-sorry... Yeah, I guess I might have crossed a line...
Rui: I am not mad.
Rui: I just have never had this sort of conversation with anyone before. It is a strange feeling. That is all.
Rui: But... having someone to talk to like this is not unpleasant.
Mashiro: Rui-san...
Mashiro: Um...! Could you give us one more chance...? Just until the Blue Sky Band Contest is over...!
Rui: ... And what meaning would that have for me?
Mashiro: I don't know... but I do think it would be a good chance for you to think about what kind of person you want to be.
Mashiro: And after that, if you still want to give up on music, I won't stop you anymore...
Rui: Kurata-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
