band6-031 Chapter 11: Just Life

Toko and Nanami run into Rui. She tells them she has nothing to say, however...

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Riverbank]

Rui: ... You wish to talk? If it is about your band, then I have nothing more to say.
Nanami: You might not, but I do.
Nanami: I've got a lot to say to you...
Toko: Ugh~, leave it. Let's just go. She quit, didn't she? So why bother?
Nanami: Toko-chan!
Toko: Wh-what...?
Nanami: Are you really okay with this?
Nanami: Do you really think we can keep Morfonica going without Rui-rui?
Toko: ...
Nanami: Toko-chan...!
Toko: F-fine! I don't want her to quit, either!
Toko: Besides, if you quit now, it'd be like admitting I lost.
Rui: Lost?
Toko: I mean, you still don't acknowledge my skills at all, right?
Toko: If you up and left on me now, I'd have to spend my entire life knowing I lost to you.
Toko: And I'm not gonna let you do that!
Rui: That is quite a selfish excuse.
Toko: Plus, I haven't paid you your 450 yen yet! If you quit, you're not getting your money, got it?!
Rui: And you top it off with even more selfishness, I see. Those are not the words of someone who owes someone a favor, if I might add.
Nanami: C'mon, Toko-chan, at least pay her back~.
Nanami: But I'm glad you got Rui-rui to stop, at least...
Nanami: ... Hey. Rui-rui.
Nanami: I've been thinking a lot... about what you said that day...
Nanami: How putting emotions over reason leads to conceit and complacency.
Nanami: I was wondering whether those words were really meant for us...
Rui: ...
Toko: ... ? She said that stuff to us, didn't she?
Nanami: She did, but I had a feeling it was directed towards herself.
Nanami: Conceit, complacency... Is that what you felt, Rui-rui?
Rui: ... Indeed. That is it exactly.
Toko: Seriously...? That's not how it looked at all...
Rui: I was not aware of it myself. I did not realize more and more of my time was being spent thinking about music and the band.
Rui: About what I needed to do to polish our music further, how to increase the quality of our performances...
Rui: But suddenly, I realized I was doing exactly that.
Toko: Then why quit? That just means you're having fun, doesn't it~?
Rui: Even if it is all meaningless in the end?
Rui: Wanting to make good music and put on good shows... Without actual results, those feelings are nothing more than pure complacency.
Rui: And out of that complacency comes a sense of accomplishment... which is nothing more than conceit.
Rui: If that is all that awaits me at the end, then there is no reason for me to obey my emotions. That is the answer I reached.
Nanami: ... Rui-rui, do you think you're a normal teenager?
Rui: "Normal"...? I do not understand what you mean.
Nanami: I didn't really get it that well before, either. But ever since I joined Morfonica, I've felt like the picture has been getting clearer and clearer...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Happiness, sadness, anger... Worrying, wandering, pain, regret...
Nanami: Growing to like some things and dislike others...
Nanami: All of that, smashed together and thrown at you is what life's all about, wouldn't you say?
Nanami: That's why I think what you're worrying about right now is just life. It's normal for us teenagers.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: ... I still struggle to understand what you are trying to say.
Nanami: I'm saying, you don't need to rush to find an answer.
Nanami: I don't think you've ever really tried to worry about your issues. When you feel like you're about to stumble, you just turn around and retreat back to where you started.
Nanami: But couldn't the answer you're searching for lie beyond the step you trip on...?
Rui: That is nothing more than simply delaying the truth. I will not allow emotion to guide my choices.
Nanami: ... I think you already have.
Rui: ... And on what proof do you say that?
Nanami: Look at this. It's your score for our new song that you left in the atelier.
Nanami: I can see all the notes about melodies and tempos that you've left on it. Look at how much you've written and rewritten.
Nanami: This is the proof that you're facing your emotions and using them to figure out what sort of song you want to write.
Rui: That is...
Nanami: You've been acting based on emotion this whole time.
Nanami: You asked me before once, right? Why I refuse to acknowledge my own talents.
Nanami: Now, can I ask you? Why do you refuse to acknowledge your own feelings?
Rui: ...
Nanami: Here. Take it.
Rui: I do not need this anymore.
Nanami: That might be true, but I want you to take a look at it one more time.
Nanami: I want you to think about the emotions you felt as you wrote this song... and how it felt to enjoy music.
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
