band6-030 Chapter 10: The Single Vote

Tsukushi confronts Mashiro at the riverbank. What words does she have for her?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Riverbank]

Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan! Got you!
Mashiro: L-let me go...!
Tsukushi: Gosh, why did you run? We're not here to yell at you for not coming to school, you know.
Mashiro: Because it's embarrassing...!
Tsukushi: Embarrassing? ... What is?
Mashiro: I am! The conceited, complacent me...!
Mashiro: I thought I could sparkle like the rest of you Tsukinomori people...!
Mashiro: But even you ended up feeling sorry for me...
Tsukushi: I did?
Mashiro: The day of our presentation... The only one who voted for me was you, wasn't it...?
Tsukushi: Huh? Y-yeah...
Mashiro: That was because you felt sorry for me, right...?
Tsukushi: ... Why do you think that's why I voted for you?
Tsukushi: I voted for you because I liked your speech. That's all.
Mashiro: There's no way that's true. I couldn't even talk properly...
Tsukushi: True. You didn't sound sure of yourself, and you kept trailing off. Even so, your speech really resonated with me.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Tsukushi: You're not the only one who changed thanks to Morfonica.
Tsukushi: I did too...
Tsukushi: I've never told anyone, but you're one of the reasons I started working a part-time job.
Mashiro: Huh... ?
Tsukushi: You've grown so positive ever since we started Morfonica. And seeing how much you've grown, I didn't want to be left behind.
Tsukushi: I joined Morfonica because, just like you, I thought it might be a chance for me to change myself!
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: So all those feelings you poured into this piece of paper... I felt like I understood.
Mashiro: ... ? Is that... my speech...? I thought I threw it away...
Tsukushi: I found it lying next to the garbage bin in our classroom.
Tsukushi: It felt sort of wrong, but I read the rest of what you wrote.
Tsukushi: You were happy to have met us. To be part of Morfonica with us... Then, after that...
Tsukushi: "I learned to love myself..."
Mashiro: You don't have to read any more... Everything written there is all just... pure conceit...
(White cut)
Tsukushi: Don't say that...!
Tsukushi: Conceit? Complacency? Putting it like that makes it sound bad...
Tsukushi: But all it really means is that you wanted to compliment yourself!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan said it, too. Being able to feel conceit, feel complacent about something... That's just proof that you're proud of what you've done.
Tsukushi: You feel like you've worked hard enough to deserve being acknowledged for it. And what's wrong with that...?!
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: The fact that you can think like that is proof in and of itself that you're not the Mashiro-chan from back when we first met.
Tsukushi: You don't need to worry! You're moving forward! You are, I am, we all are!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: So take good care of this paper. It's got a wonderful speech that really touched me on it.
Mashiro: Ngh... Waaah~!
Tsukushi: H-hey! Ohhh~, don't cry!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
