band6-025 Chapter 5: The Blue Sky Band Contest

Toko has big news about a music contest for high school students!

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Mashiro: Hm...
Mashiro: This might not be right... There's probably a better way to word this...
Tsukushi: Phew, and there's my class president duties done. Time to head to pra-... Hm?
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan? You're still here?
Mashiro: Oh, Tsukushi-chan...
Mashiro: I was just trying to gather my thoughts for the Concourse of Words.
Tsukushi: Ah, that's right. It's almost time for the presentation.
Tsukushi: So? Everything going smoothly?
Mashiro: It's pretty hard... but at least it's not as bad as the time I had writer's block.
Tsukushi: Ah, when we were preparing for our first show at CiRCLE, right? You really drove yourself into a corner back then, huh?
Tsukushi: This year's theme was... "My Very Own Spark," right? Have you decided what to write about yet?
Mashiro: Well, I thought about it a bunch, and...
Mashiro: It'll probably be about Morfonica... and being in a band.
Mashiro: About how being in a band and meeting all of you... helped shape who I am today...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...!
Tsukushi: Oh, no...! I think I might start crying if I hear your speech...!
Mashiro: Huh? Th-that's... you're exaggerating...
Tsukushi: Our always-lost-in-her-own-thoughts Mashiro-chan is going to be talking in front of everyone, though!
Tsukushi: And you'll be talking about how important the band is to you, how it's changed you...
Tsukushi: Ohhh, just imagining it is going to make me tear up~...
Mashiro: Please don't start crying just from your imagination.
Tsukushi: Sigh. You've grown so much, Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, you sound like my grandma...
Tsukushi: Y-your grandma...?
Tsukushi: I'm just saying, the Mashiro-chan from when we first met would've never even thought of doing something like this.
Mashiro: Yeah. I never thought I'd decide to willingly do something like this, either.
Nanami: Ah, sweet. You're both still here~.
Toko: Hey hey, you've gotta listen to this! Big news! Big, big news!
Tsukushi: What's up, you two?
Toko: I was just talking with Nanami about where we should play next, and we found something really cool!
Toko: C'mon, check it out! Here, look at my phone!
Mashiro: Um... The Blue Sky Band Contest...?
(White cut)
Nanami: It's a contest specifically for high school bands.
Nanami: Everyone will perform on a grand stage outdoors under the brilliant blue sky...
Nanami: Doesn't that sound great? It feels like something every high school band should experience at least once, right~?
Mashiro: It does seem like a nice event. We've never played outside, either.
Tsukushi: We fulfilled our goal of playing at CiRCLE, too. Aiming for a bigger stage next might not be a bad idea.
Toko: Plus, it's a contest, so they're gonna be judging us. It's a perfect chance to show everyone what we're really made of.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Which is why I signed us all up! Since I know you're all in!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Already...?!
Nanami: Wh-when...? We've been together this whole time, and I never noticed~...
Toko: Hm? You know I can take care of that sort of stuff in seconds, duh!
Tsukushi: Ohhh, why do you do these things without talking to us first~?
Mashiro: We have to ask Rui-san too, don't we...?
Toko: Aw, don't worry about her! She'll give us the okay for sure!
Toko: She wrote us a song all on her own, after all! Rui... She may not look like it, but I've got a feeling she's warmin' up to us. Don't you think?
Nanami: I guess, but~... we really should ask her~...
Tsukushi: She said she has student council work today. Let's talk about it tomorrow during practice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rui: ...
Rui: (Considering the way this passage progresses, the chords starting at this measure should...)
Rui: (As for the tempo... This will do. We can have the violin and guitar take the lead here...)
Student Council President: Yashio-san? You're still here?
Student Council President: I'm so sorry. I didn't think those documents I asked you to write up would take so long...
Rui: No, I am already done with that. This is just some personal work.
Student Council President: I see. Is that a music score? It looks like it's been scribbled on an awful lot.
Rui: Yes. It is a piece I am currently working on. I finished the documents you asked me for rather quickly, so I thought I would take this time to revise some things.
Student Council President: Fufu, sounds like you're really enjoying this band thing, huh? When I heard you'd joined one, I was really surprised. I'm glad to see you're having fun, though.
Rui: ... I am not doing this for fun.
Student Council President: Oh? You certainly seemed to be enjoying yourself working on your score, from what I could tell.
Rui: ...
Student Council President: Well then, I'll excuse myself. Try not to stay too late, okay?
Rui: ... Enjoying myself?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nanami: Fufu. Still, you wrote a new song for us all on your own, Rui-rui? Maybe you've gotten a little hyped up, too, eh?
Tsukushi: Did you get inspired by our last concert or something?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (I joined Morfonica so that I could learn what might happen if I prioritized emotion over logic...)
Rui: (Right now... Could I be...?)
(Black cut)
