band6-034 Chapter 14: The Five of Us

Toko, Nanami, and Tsukushi are practicing when an unexpected guest arrives...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Hm... Something still feels off~.
Nanami: Then what if we changed the melody here? It was originally Rui-rui's part anyway, so it's probably really hard.
Toko: No, I've got it! If we make it easier, then that's the same as me admitting I lost!
Tsukushi: I can't really see you getting good enough to play this in time for the contest, though...
Toko: Oh, shut it. But man, writing music's actually super hard~.
Tsukushi: Yeah. This must be how Rui-san felt~...
Toko: Nanami, you always pick up on stuff quickly, right? Is songwriting different somehow?
Nanami: Hm... I mean, I get how to make a song now, but... I don't know what kind of song Rui-rui wanted to write.
Nanami: I probably won't be able to get a solid image of how this song should sound without knowing that.
Toko: Then why'd you give her that score back~?
Toko: She scribbled notes all over it. You could've at least read that stuff before you returned it~.
Nanami: A-ahaha... I figured it'd be better if Rui-rui hung on to it.
Toko: Oh! There you are~! You're late, Shiro!
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, did you find R-...
Nanami & Toko: Ru...
Tsukushi: Rui-san...?!
Rui: Was that song just now the song that I was working on?
Nanami: Huh? Y-yeah, we thought we'd try finishing it~...
Rui: Could you show me your lyrics, Kurata-san?
Mashiro: Um, they're not done yet, but... Here you go.
Rui: ... I see. For this image, I think some changes to the song are in order.
Rui: We will have the violin take the lead here. We can bring out the guitar's part more here. As for tempo, I suppose-
Toko: W-wait, hold on!
Rui: What?
Toko: I mean, you just waltzed in here like it was nothing, but why are you here in the first place?!
Tsukushi: Th-that's right! Rui-san, are you coming back to Morfonica?
Rui: After hearing what Kurata-san had to say, I have decided to postpone my decision.
Rui: I will decide whether I continue performing with the band after this upcoming concert.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, you convinced Rui-rui...?
Mashiro: I-I really didn't say anything special...
Nanami: You must have. Getting Rui-rui to backtrack on a decision's basically impossible~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, I'm really surprised, too. You're incredible, Mashiro-chan...
Toko: Well, setting that aside...
Toko: If you wanna hang with us again that badly, I guess I'll allow it~.
Nanami: Toko-chan, you say that, but you look sorta happy.
Toko: As if~. I'm just glad the outfit I made for her isn't going to waste, that's all.
Tsukushi: Oh yeah, you were planning new clothes for us, right? Are they done?
Toko: They'll be here tomorrow! Look forward to them, 'cause I really knocked it outta the park this time!
Rui: We can discuss clothing tomorrow. Today, we need to finish writing this song so we can begin practicing it.
Toko: Sigh. There it is, the same old Rui~. You really like cutting people off, don't you?
Nanami: Ahaha. She's right, though. We're all here now. Let's get this song finished.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: Morfonica just doesn't feel right unless we're like this, huh?
Tsukushi: Yeah. I was thinking the same thing.
Tsukushi: Okay! I'm feeling super motivated right now!
Tsukushi: We've gotta do well at this contest so we can make Rui-san reconsider quitting!
Mashiro: Yeah. Let's do our best...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
