band6-024 Chapter 4: Sparks Fly

Toko and Rui arrive, but Toko is arguing with Rui. Rui responds calmly.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: I never asked you for help!
Rui: ... You enjoy fixating upon senseless things, I see. It was not a big deal.
Toko: What?! It's a super big deal!
Nanami: C'mon now, Toko-chan. Down, girl~.
Tsukushi: Calm down, you two!
Rui: I am calm.
Tsukushi: You are! Then Toko-chan, just you calm down!
Toko: Why am I getting singled out?! This is so unfair!
Mashiro: Wh-what happened...?
Toko: Well you see, we stopped by a café on the way here~...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Clerk: One iced tea. That will be 450 yen, please.
Toko: Alright, I'll pay by card!
Clerk: Um, miss? There isn't enough money on this card left...
Toko: Huh? Oh, shoot...!
Toko: That's right, I used it all on my shopping spree yesterday...
Toko: Do I have any cash on me...? Nope. Of course not, I never carry cash...
Clerk: Miss?
Toko: Ah, uhhh... Just wait a sec, please. I'm thinking.
Rui: ... Could you hurry up?
Toko: Hm? Rui?
Rui: Excuse me. I will pay for her order as well as mine.
Toko: What? What do you think you're-...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: ... So that's what happened.
Nanami & Mashiro: ... Huh?
Nanami: So Rui-rui paid for you, and everything worked out in the end, right?
Tsukushi: Why would you be mad at her? You should be thanking her, shouldn't you...?
(White cut)
Toko: Because now I owe Rui something, duh!
Toko: This seriously sucks... I've lived my whole life trying not to ever owe anything to her...
Rui: You really worry over the most pointless things.
Rui: I simply did not wish to waste precious time. Any time you would have spent in front of that register is time we should be spending practicing, no?
Toko: I'm definitely paying you back, got it?!
Rui: There is no need. It was not particularly expensive.
Toko: Whaaat?! Then I'm just gonna be stuck owing you something!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Ohhh! Just quit it, you two!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, give Rui-san 450 yen! Then it'll all be settled, right?
Toko: I'd do that even if you didn't tell me!
Toko: I already have to put up with her mouthing off at me all the time! Where would I be if I ended up owing her a favor, too?!
Rui: Sigh...
Mashiro: Toko-chan... She was the one getting helped... How can she still act like that?
Nanami: Probably because she's Toko-chan, don't you think...?
Rui: I think it is time we ended this meaningless chatter and began practice.
Tsukushi: Right. Okay, then what song should we start with...?
Rui: I have a song I am currently working on. Could we start with that?
Rui: I would like to hear us play it so I can make some adjustments.
Mashiro: Huh? A new song?
Tsukushi: I don't think we talked about any new songs... You wrote one for us?
Toko: ...
Nanami: Toko-chan... I could almost see your ears perk up when you heard "new song"... Weren't you really mad just a minute ago?
Toko: I mean, it's a new song, right? How am I not gonna get hyped up?
Nanami: Fufu. Still, you wrote a new song for us all on your own, Rui-rui? Maybe you've gotten a little hyped up, too, eh?
Tsukushi: Did you get inspired by our last concert or something?
Rui: I only realized that practicing the same songs over and over will not help us expand our horizons as performers. That is all.
Rui: I will confirm each of your parts with you. Kurata-san, please take this opportunity to begin crafting an image of what sort of lyrics would be appropriate.
Mashiro: O-okay. I'll do my best to come up with good lyrics.
Toko: Alright, then! Time for a new song, everyone! Let's get to it~!
Nanami & Tsukushi: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yashio Residence - Rui's Room]

Rui: (Just as I predicted. Outside of Hiromachi-san, no one else was able to perform this music properly on their first attempt.)
Rui: (Still, after hearing everyone play together, I did manage to find a few spots I think could use some adjustments.)
Rui: (Especially the prelude... This chord progression still has room for improvement. Taking into consideration the general atmosphere of this song...)
Rui: (And this guitar phrase... With Kirigaya-san's current skills, perhaps we could try...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
