event229-02 Chapter 1: Looming Clouds

Giving our all for our goal. Together, I thought I could always keep going...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Tomoe: Alright, we sounded pretty good just now, didn't we?
Himari: We sure did. Not a single mistake, right? We're always perfectly in sync with each other!
Tsugumi: It's been a little while since our last practice, but I'm glad we're still playing the same as always.
Moca: It's thanks to our power of friendship~.
Ran: Don't you start. Makes me cringe when you say stuff like that.
Tomoe: So, what did you think, Ran? Were we amazing, the same as always?
Ran: The same as always...? I guess we were, but...
Tsugumi: Huh? Was there something you didn't like?
Ran: I think we sounded about right, but it felt like something was kind of lacking...
Ran: Maybe it was our intensity. The GBT rounds are short competitions, so if we don't explode off the first song, it'll affect the second half of our set list.
Ran: I think it would be good if we played as hard as we can... as fast as we can.
Moca: Whoa~, Ran, you're glowing~.
Ran: C'mon, Moca, stop playing around.
Himari: But Moca's right. You were giving off some serious heat when you said that!
Tomoe: It's true, though. Now's not the time to be satisfied with this level of playing. Let's punch up our intensity tenfold!
Ran: Tomoe, you're always saying that.
Moca: But, Ran, that's what you meant just now, right~?
Moca: Today, you want to play a fast, in-your-face show that overwhelms the audience~. Being aggressive will bring you good fortune. Your lucky song is IGNITE GLOW~.
Himari: ... Is that her horoscope?
Ran: She's more or less right, though.
Tomoe: Dang, you're good at that, Moca.
Moca: Ehehe~, I am one heck of a fortune teller, after all~.
Tsugumi: Intensity... Play as hard as we can, as fast as we can... Hmm~...
Himari: Tsugu, what's wrong? You look serious.
Tsugumi: Ah, I'm okay! I was just thinking about how we can increase our intensity like Ran-chan's talking about.
Tsugumi: I know we need to make some specific adjustments, but I was wondering if we should think about making a more overall change.
Ran: Good point. I think this set list is good, but maybe if we changed up the order of the songs...
(Black cut)
Himari: Ahhh~! It's this time already?! Everyone, pack up your things right now. We've got to be out of this studio in five minutes!
Tomoe: Whoa, you're right. An hour and a half really is short.
Ran: It is, but this was the only time we could all meet up... Hrm?
Ran: Sorry, but my dad's calling. I'll be right back.
Himari: Got it! We'll take care of getting everything packed up. Hey, Moca, I want to see your guitar in its case!
Moca: Yikes~, Hii-chan is scary when she's in a hurry~.
Tsugumi: I'll take Ran-chan's things out with me to the lobby. Would one of you mind putting her guitar in its case for me?
Tomoe: No prob, I'll do it!
Tsugumi: (A show where we play as hard as we can, as fast as we can... Ran-chan's amazing.)
Tsugumi: (She's always thinking ten steps ahead of me. Like what we need to do to really win the GBT and get closer to playing our greatest show as soon as possible.)
Tsugumi: (I have to work even harder to be the best I can be! If I get stuck second-guessing myself, Ran-chan will leave me behind!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ah, there's Ran-chan... She's still on the phone. I'll just quietly hand over her guitar...
Ran: ... Yeah, I know. But this time, I'm putting the band first. Sorry.
Ran: Well, it's because... Like I said before, when we graduate high school...
Ran: ... I think we'll end the band.
Tsugumi: (... What?)
Ran: Uh-huh... Okay. I've got to go now.
Tsugumi: (What did she mean... by that?)
Tsugumi: (We'll end the band...? Why?)
Tomoe: Tsugu~, sorry for taking so long! Did you give Ran her gu-
Tsugumi: S-sorry, I forgot something. You all go ahead, okay?!
Himari: Huh? But I think the studio was empty the last time I looked... Wait, Tsugu!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Huff... Huff...
Tsugumi: ... What am I thinking...? Ran wouldn't say something like that...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: ... End the band...
Tsugumi: Afterglow... is going to break up...?
(Black cut)
