event229-06 Chapter 5: Gully Erosion

Showtime. Tsugumi stands on stage, determined to play the same as always, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day of the Girls Band Battle Tournament - 3rd Round]

[Live House - Dressing Room]

Tsugumi: ...
Moca: Tsugu, you've been glued to the monitor. Are you that interested in watching the other bands play~?
Tsugumi: Yes... Just a little.
Tsugumi: (We absolutely can't lose today. No, not just today. We can't lose what comes next and everything after that.)
Tsugumi: (We have to win this round... so Afterglow won't be eliminated from the GBT, so Afterglow can continue to be the same as always for as long as possible.)
Tomoe: Tsugu, you don't need to be so nervous. We just need to play the same as always.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Himari: That's right! If we be ourselves and play our hardest, then we'll be alright.
Himari: I'm sure the audience will have a great time as long as we give our very best! Isn't that right, Ran?
Ran: Yes. Let's give it our all and try to play the ultimate show.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: ... Ah...
Moca: What's this now~? The Great Detective Moca-chan was sure you'd say, "Let's be true to ourselves and play the same as always~."
Tomoe: Whoa, I was thinking the same thing! This is usually when you'd hit us with a "Let's do the same as always."
Ran: Stop teasing me. I just happened to say something different.
Ran: I haven't forgotten what's most important. But for today... For the GBT, that isn't enough.
Ran: I want us to play harder than we've ever played before, to hit the stage running a million miles per hour until we win. That's all.
Himari: That's right. We're going to create our legend!
Tomoe: Haha, heck yeah! Man, you guys are getting me pumped!
Moca: Since Ran's this fired up, I guess I'll have to play for real today too~.
Himari: Alright~, let's give it everything we've got and win no matter what! Tsugu, we're up! Time to go.
Tsugumi: Ah, okay!
Tsugumi: ... I'm going to do my best too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Good evening, we are Afterglow.
Ran: From this moment, this stage belongs to the five of us. So don't you dare look away.
Tsugumi: (... This is no time for me to be thinking about the future. I can't afford to get distracted even for a second.)
Tsugumi: (Right now, in this moment, I'm going to put all my trust into our five merging sounds and run forward. If I do that, then we'll play the same as always...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: ... For the GBT, that isn't enough.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (... If something's lacking, then I've got to work harder. I have to push myself more than ever before...!)
Ran: ... ♪
Tsugumi: (Ran-chan's singing is incredible...! It sounds like her voice is bursting with energy, spreading everywhere as fast as it can...!)
Tsugumi: (And our sounds can't help but chase after it and become one with it...)
Tsugumi: (So this is what it feels like to play as hard as we can, as fast as we can.)
Tsugumi: (Ran-chan really is amazing...! She's always looking ahead to where we're go-)
Tsugumi: ... Huh...?
Tsugumi: (But is that okay? Because what Ran-chan's looking at now isn't our same as always...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (After pushing ourselves to our limits, what's waiting for Afterglow is...)
Tsugumi: (This is the first time... I've ever wanted us to stop moving forward.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Guys, I'm so sorry! I can't believe I made so many mistakes in the second half of our set list...
Himari: No, it wasn't just you! I started playing fast during the show too...!
Moca: It's no one person's fault. All five of us started playing bad halfway through the show.
Ran: ...
Tomoe: But we were absolutely on fire up till the middle of our set. We were blazing through our songs harder and faster than ever before. You all felt it too, right?
Tomoe: Let's not forget that. Because next time, we should be able to play even better.
Tsugumi: ... But... after today, there might not be a next time. If we lose here, then Afterglow will...
Himari: Tsugu...! How can you say that?! The results haven't even been announced yet...!
Tsugumi: Ah... I, um, I'm sorry! We still don't know what's going to happen.
Tsugumi: ... I'm not being levelheaded at all. I'm going to go calm down.
Ran: Tsugumi, wai- ...!
Tomoe: Tsugu...
Himari: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (I wanted Afterglow to stay the same as always for as long as possible...)
Tsugumi: (Maybe I was wrong to want that.)
Tsugumi: (There's a place we're aiming to reach, but if we just stay the same as always...)
Tsugumi: (... If Afterglow doesn't change, then maybe... we won't be able to play the best show ever...)
(Black cut)
