event229-05 Chapter 4: Sunshower Tears

I'm alright. Tsugumi smiles. What does Himari do?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[After School]

[Walking Home]

Himari: Wow~, it's really coming down again.
Tsugumi: Are you getting wet? You can come closer to me.
Himari: I'm fine, I'm fine! Hey, I'll hold the umbrella. I'm the one who forgot theirs in the first place.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan... thank you. I'm really happy you waited for me to finish student council, and now we get to walk home together.
Himari: Think nothing of it... There was no way I was going to leave you on your own after how you looked today.
Himari: Something happened, didn't it? You've looked down ever since lunchtime.
Himari: It's fine if you don't want to talk about it... But if something's wrong, you can tell me.
Tsugumi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: You're going to tell the others about this, aren't you...?
Ran: I was thinking of doing it eventually... Honestly, I'm not sure when I should, but I can't imagine doing it right away.
Tsugumi: Right. I'm not sure now's a good time to talk about it either...
Ran: ... Listen, you think can this wait until after the GBT?
Ran: I know I'm being selfish, but I don't think I should do it now.
Tsugumi: No, I think that's for the best too...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: ... I'm... alright now.
Himari: ... Are you sure?
Tsugumi: I am, I am! I'm going to keep trying my best!
Tsugumi: (Because right now, I can still be in Afterglow. I can still continue being the same as always, so...)
Himari: ... Are you saying you're going to keep trying your best alone?
Tsugumi: Huh?
Himari: I worry you're always thinking things will be okay if you just work really hard on your own.
Himari: Working hard is one of your strengths, but there are limits to what you can do when you try to go it alone.
Himari: That's why I'll be giving my all right with you!
Himari: I'm not going to let you work hard by yourself. We're in this together. So I want you to smile like you really mean it!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
Tsugumi: ... You're amazing. I really do feel better now.
Himari: You feel better now...? So then you weren't alright! Tell me what's really going on with you.
Tsugumi: I'm sorry...! I didn't want to worry you.
Himari: You can worry me and the others as much as you need to! Argh~, you're always like this!
Himari: So, what's bothering you? I'm not going to let you go home until I see a genuine Tsugu smile!
Tsugumi: Y-you're not~? You don't have to keep me from going home... I really am alright now.
Himari: I don't believe you when you say that for one second! If I let this go, you'll only push yourself too hard again. That, young lady, is not happening on my watch!
Tsugumi: B-but I really am alright~!
Himari: Ah, what are you doing, Tsugu?! We'll get wet if you close the umbrella!
Tsugumi: It's not raining that much anymore, so we'll be alright~!
Himari: I swear~! The "everything's alright" act has got to go~! Just you wait till I catch you~!
Tsugumi: Ahahaha!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (I wonder what kind of face Himari-chan will make the day she hears the band is breaking up.)
Tsugumi: (When that day comes, I wonder what I'll be able to do for her, the person who said they weren't going to let me work hard by myself...)
Tsugumi: (I was happy but sad, grateful but sorry. All I wanted to do was run for as long as I could.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Some Time]

[Restaurant]

Nanami: Here's your order~. One of our seasonal Muscat parfaits and one chocolate cake.
Himari: Thank you.
Nanami: You know~, I was shocked when I saw you two walk in soaking wet~.
Nanami: Running through the rain in your school uniforms without using an umbrella... You two looked like you had jumped right out of a high school TV show~!
Tsugumi: Ahaha. I sent a picture of us to our group chat, and Moca-chan said we looked like we were straight out of a high school manga.
Himari: Tsugu, your smile was so cute! It made me think back to when we were little. You've had the same smile ever since we were kids.
Tsugumi: I started to have fun while we were running. It was like how we used to play tag in the park.
Nanami: You two really have been friends for a long time, haven't you? It makes me think how, some things never change even as we get older~.
Tsugumi: ... Ahaha...
Nanami: Welcome~... Oh, Ran-ran-senpai! The others are sitting over here~.
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan...
Ran: Hi. I was just dropping by after my flower-arrangement meeting finished.
Himari: Oh! Sit with us. We can eat parfaits together!
Nanami: I'll bring you water. Please enjoy yourself~.
Tsugumi: ... Um, I hope you had a good meeting.
Ran: I did... Thanks.
Tsugumi: I thought you might be busy. You, um, hadn't replied in the group chat.
Himari: That's right. You should've let us know you were done.
Ran: Typing is annoying... I was nearby, so I thought it'd be quicker to come straight here.
Himari: Ran~! Awww~, you really do love us~!
Ran: C-cut that out. Anyway, I get you not having an umbrella, but Tsugumi, you didn't have one either? That doesn't happen often, does it?
Tsugumi: Ah... I had one, but, well... it kind of, you know?
Ran: Mm-hmm, I'm sure Himari guilted you into sharing yours with her, didn't she?
Himari: I most certainly did not~! ... Wait, did I?!
Tsugumi: Fufu, Himari-chan said she wouldn't let me go home today.
Himari: That's true! But, listen, Ran, Tsugu...
Tsugumi: (Thank goodness... I can talk with Ran-chan like I always do.)
Tsugumi: (This feeling, this is it. This is our same as always.)
(Black cut)
