event229-01 Opening: Sun Halo

Sunset. After school. Even when we're apart, there's a place we all return to...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: ... And that concludes our student council meeting. Thank you, everyone!
Council Members: Thank you!
Tsugumi: Phew... All I need to do now is document what we discussed, ask for the teachers' approval... Ah, and prepare the paperwork for the next student assembly.
LOCK (Rokka): You did great leading today's meeting! I have some documents from the disciplinary committee. They need to be looked over by next week.
Tsugumi: Thank you. I'll take a look now.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? But aren't you busy now...?
Himari: Excuse me~! Ah, Tsugu, you're here~!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan! Hi!
Himari: Hi to you, too~! Here's the Tennis Club's application to use the tennis courts! Please check it, Miss President of the Student Council.
Tsugumi: Just leave it to me, Miss Vice-Captain of the Tennis Club.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, I'll help with something too! I can't leave everything for you to do, Tsugumi-senpai!
Himari: Rokka, you're such a good junior~! Tsugu, are you hogging all the work again? It's a shame not to let such a reliable junior help lighten your workload!
Tsugumi: I guess you're right. Well, Rokka-chan, would it be okay if I asked you to handle this application to use the tennis courts?
LOCK (Rokka): Of course, I'll handle it! I'll get on this right away!
Himari: Fufu, it sounds like you're being Tsugurific too. But that's just what I expect of someone working with Tsugu!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, "Tsugurific"! Being that is a good thing, right...?
Himari: Of course it is! Tsugu is always doing her very best, isn't she? That's what being "Tsugurific" is.
LOCK (Rokka): I see... Then, I'm going to do my very best and be Tsugurific too!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Hina-senpai uses it, but I wonder if all the other Haneoka student council members will start using it too...
Himari: That'd be great! If all the members started taking after you and being Tsugurific, I would be even more proud of you as our Student Council President.
Himari: And you're always getting people to start new things, right?
Tsugumi: That's different.
LOCK & Himari: Ahahaha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Tsugumi: Sorry for making you help me with student council work. But thanks to you, I finished quickly.
Himari: It's no big deal, really! I wanted to walk home with you anyway.
Himari: Recently, the five of us haven't been able to hang out after school much, you know? Tomoe and Moca are even working today.
Tsugumi: I think Ran-chan said she has a flower-arrangement meeting in the group chat. Everyone seems so busy.
Himari: You say that, but you're the busiest out of all of us! You completely disappear after classes are over!
Tsugumi: R-really?
Himari: Yes~! After school, you go straight to student council. And when you don't, you're helping at the café. I can't remember the last time we got to hang out like this...
Tsugumi: Are you starting to miss everyone?
Himari: Huh? It's because I barely see you guys anymore! Aren't we all missing each other?! It can't just be me!
Tsugumi: No, it's not just you. I think we all are starting to feel like that a little.
Tsugumi: But I think it's kind of good that the five of us are busy working hard at things other than the band.
Tsugumi: And we share what's going on in the group chat... We're all out exploring new things, but Afterglow feels like the place we come home to.
Himari: That's so true! We really have been messaging a lot more in the group chat.
Himari: Before, we mostly used it to schedule meet-ups and other urgent stuff, but now it feels like there are more messages about any ol' thing~.
Tsugumi: Well, look at that. It's a message from Ran-chan.
Himari: Wow~, the picture of the flowers she sent is so pretty! I wonder if she arranged those today.
Himari: Ran never leaves a comment about her pictures, so you always have to guess what they're about.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's kind of true. Even our messages are like us.
Himari: They so are~. Tome surprisingly responds to our messages pretty often, and Moca is always sending stuff about sweets at convenience stores.
Himari: Thanks to her, I keep eating sweets even though I'm on a diet~.
Tsugumi: She even sends online reviews with her pictures. They make me want to try them too.
Himari: I'll bet you anything Moca does that on purpose... Ah, well, I'm that way! I'll see you tomorrow!
Tsugumi: Okay, see you tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Phew... All done. Mom~, I'm finished cleaning up~!
Tsugumi's Mother: Thanks. Oh, by the way, your phone has been dinging non-stop.
Tsugumi: Huh? Really? It's probably the group chat.
Tsugumi: Let's see... Whoa, there are this many messages?!
Moca: "Today's the last day for Yamabuki Bakery's special limited-time buns... Alas, we shall never meet again... Tears, tears, tears~."
Tomoe: "Cheer up!"
Ran: "That ramen picture is huge."
Tsugumi: Fufufu. Tomoe-chan always sends pictures of ramen when she tries to cheer us up.
Himari: "Hey, I finally got a chance to walk home with Tsugu today! I bet you're all so jealous~."
Moca: "I can't believe you had our Tsugu all to yourself~."
Tomoe: "But the five of us haven't been able to go home together so much anymore lately~."
Himari: "Exactly! Don't you guys miss that?! It can't be only me, right?!"
Ran: "Why do you sound so desperate?"
Himari: "I was talking to Tsugu about that today! Lately, we never hang out because we're all busy after school~. We can barely even schedule practice for the GBT."
Ran: "But isn't that a good thing?"
Ran: "We see each other at school every day, and we're always messaging in the group chat. It's like our home base."
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...!
Tsugumi: I'll write... "That's what I think too! This is also part of our new same as always!"
Tsugumi: ... Send.
(Black cut)
