event229-04 Chapter 3: Rainy Day Ponderings

Sudden rain. Tsugumi summons her courage and asks Ran if they can talk.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Himari: And now I'm going to be studying with Rimi until I have to go to cram school again! Thank goodness~! Now I'll be okay~.
Tomoe: Now you'll be okay? So that means you haven't finished your cram school homework yet, have you?
Moca: Just copying Rimi-rin's homework isn't gonna help you, you know~.
Himari: I'm not. She's only going to show me how to do it.
Ran: Sure, okay. Just try to finish your lunch before our break is over.
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: (I can barely eat my food... All I can think about is talking to Ran-chan as soon as possible.)
Tsugumi: (But when I see her being her same as always self, I don't know how to bring it up...)
Ran: Tsugumi? ... Is there something on my face?
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah, no, there's nothing there.
Moca: Oh, but there is~. You've got rice here and here... Ah, there's even some here too. How embarrassing~.
Ran: I know you're making that up.
Himari: Huh?! Rain?! That came out of nowhere~!
Tomoe: We've gotta get outta here! Everybody, grab your stuff!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Man~, it's really coming down.
Himari: We'll need to dry off with towels when we get back to the classroom! The GBT is right around the corner, and we don't want to catch colds.
Moca: Whoa~, you actually kinda sound like a leader~.
Ran: Tsugumi, want to use my handkerchief? You can wipe your face and get the water that keeps dripping from your bangs.
Tsugumi: Thanks...
Tsugumi: ... Hey, Ran-chan... do you have a minute? There's... something I'd like to ask you.
Ran: Sure...
Moca: ...
Moca: Hii-chan, Tomo-chin, what am I gonna do~? My bun is all soggy from the rain. I won't get enough nourishment from this~. So come with me to buy another one~.
Tomoe: What? You're gonna have more? Weren't you pretty much finished with that?
Moca: Just come with me~.
Ran & Tsugumi: ...
Ran: Um... What did you want to talk about?
Tsugumi: ... Right. It might sound strange for me to ask this, but...
Tsugumi: Are you... leaving the band... when we graduate high school?
Ran: ...! How could you-
Tsugumi: W-well... I think I overheard you talking about that when you were on the phone with your dad yesterday.
Tsugumi: ... Maybe I just misheard you, though.
Ran: ... It's something I've been thinking about on my own, so... ... No, I'm sorry. I should tell you.
Ran: I'm really sorry...
Tsugumi: So, does that mean you do want to quit...?
Ran: No, I don't want to! ... It's not like that.
Tsugumi: Then, why...? Why would you say something so sad?
Ran: Ah... Ts-Tsugumi... I'm sorry. You don't understand. I never meant to hurt you like that...
Tsugumi: Ever since the day we said we'd form a band... Since the day we named ourselves Afterglow, the idea of us breaking up never even crossed my mind.
Tsugumi: Our band... Afterglow is a special place for the five of us. I've always thought of it as the place we come home to...!
Tsugumi: So... before you say you're going to quit, before you say our band is breaking up, I want to understand what you're thinking.
Ran: Tsugumi...
Ran: ... Do you want Afterglow to sign with a major record label? Are you ready to go pro and make a living playing music?
Tsugumi: W-well...
Ran: ... Exactly. We're not that kind of band. It's not that we couldn't be. We just aren't aiming for something like that.
Ran: We'll go off to college, we'll each find things we want to do, and we'll grow up.
Ran: I think the longest we can seriously be a band is until we graduate high school.
Tsugumi: I-I don't believe that...!
Ran: Can you say that without any doubts? ... I honestly don't know.
Ran: When I look at our group chat, I see that we're all working hard doing different things, and that really makes me happy.
Ran: But I'm just as nervous as I am happy.
Ran: Someday, our same as always is going to change, and I feel our band is going to change along with it.
Tsugumi: ... But even still, maybe Afterglow will be able to keep going.
Tsugumi: I want it to. Even after we get older, I want it to last forever.
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: How about you?
Ran: I...
Ran: I want to achieve all our dreams as a band by the time we graduate high school: win the GBT, finally play the ultimate show... create our legend. All of it.
Ran: I want to play as hard as we can, as fast as we can... and then graduate.
Tsugumi: ... Oh...
Ran: I'm sorry. I guess no matter what I say helps, does it? I feel awful about being so selfish and causing you... so much pain.
Tsugumi: N-no, I'm sorry, too, for asking you about something like this.
Tsugumi: ... But you know, I feel the same as you. I want us to win the GBT. I want us to keep aiming to play the ultimate show. And I want us... to create our legend.
Tsugumi: But about our band... about Afterglow, I just don't see it the same way you do.
Ran: Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: ... I'm sorry.
(Black cut)
