event229-07 Ending: Teru Teru Bozu Doll

Tsugumi stops and looks down, but then there's a light. She looks up and...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Live House - Offstage]

Host: There are only five minutes left to vote for the third round of the GBT. If you haven't voted yet, please use the barcode on your ticket to vote online now!
Tsugumi: Sigh...
Himari: Tsugu! I finally found you!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...! I'm sorry you had to come look for me...
Himari: Not that again! No more sorries! We're having a band problem, so you shouldn't feel you need to shoulder all the blame by yourself.
Tsugumi: ... But all my mistakes made everyone else play poorly too...
Tsugumi: If we lose today and drop out of the GBT, I'll...
(White cut)
Himari: Tsugu, look at me! C'mon, turn your head this way.
Tsugumi: ... ?! H-Himari-chan?!
Himari: Tsugu, nothing's ending.
Himari: No matter what the results are today, we can always try again! We can start over as many times as we want!
Himari: We decided together to walk our own path. As long as we keep rising to the challenge, nothing will be over for us!
Tsugumi: ... Himari-chan...
Himari: That's what so many of our songs are about. The special place just for the five of us where our beloved same as always is.
Himari: As long as we stay the same as always, that's the best there is. We can go anywhere, do anything as long as we have that!
Himari: That's the kind of band Afterglow is, right?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Sob... Sob~...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan... I don't want things to end...! I want to play more shows with everyone...! I want us to be together forever...!
Himari: C'mon now~, you're crying way too much! Everything's going to be alright. I just know it is!
Tsugumi: Sob~...
Tsugumi: (When Himari-chan says things are going to be alright, it really feels like they will be.)
Tsugumi: (I'm so glad that she's... a member of Afterglow.)
Tsugumi: (As long as Himari-chan is here, then Afterglow will...)
Moca: Oh no~, Hii-chan is making Tsugu cry~!
Himari: No, I'm not~! We were having a really good heart-to-heart!
Tomoe: Do you get to decide that? ... But I'm glad you found her.
Tomoe: I can't stand the thought of Tsugu off alone crying by herself.
Ran: Tsugumi... Um, I...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, I'm sorry! Everyone, I'm sorry...! Sniff... But I won't worry anymore.
Tsugumi: Next time... The next time we play, I'm going to go at full speed too! I'll keep up with everyone all the way!
Ran: ... Good. Because I'm not going to stop.
Moca: ...
Himari: Ah, I think they're about to announce the results! Let's go!
Tsugumi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Host: And now we'll announce the Girls Band Battle Tournament's top sixteen!
Host: Entry no. 38, "HONEY ALMONDMILK," entry no. 50, "Yoimadoi.,"...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Himari: Sigh~, we're in the GBT's top sixteen~! We finally made it this far~!
Tomoe: Shouldn't you be saving that last line for when we're in the finals?
Moca: Wow~, you talk like you know we'll get there~.
Tsugumi: But that's how strongly we have to believe in ourselves! I'm going to practice even harder for our next show!
Ran: Right. The first thing we should focus on is the show coming up next. We're going up against Morfonica, aren't we?
Himari: That's right! It feels kind of strange to be facing one of the groups from Girls Band Party, doesn't it?
Tsugumi: It does. We've performed together, but I still can't imagine what it's going to be like competing against them next.
Moca: Going up against Morfonica can only mean that yesterday's friends have become today's enemies... Tsugu, you and Tsu-chan are gonna be bitter rivals~.
Moca: Every day, you'll shoot menacing glares at each other, and our once relaxing Hazawa Coffee shop will fall into ruin. And then...
Himari: Stop, stop~! Nothing scary like that is going to happen.
Tomoe: Ahaha, I don't see us having trouble like that with the Morfonica girls~.
Ran: Oh, but... Toko and I are going to go head to head.
Moca: Right~... Don't you go picking fights with Toko-chan, okay~?
Ran: I won't. I don't care who we're playing, we're just going to give it our all.
Moca, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: That's right! That's right!
Tsugumi: ... Hey, are you all free now? It's been a while, but why don't you come by my place?
Himari: That's a great idea~! We can celebrate today's victory and get psyched for the next round!
Tomoe: Nice, I was just getting hungry too.
Moca: According to my deduction, this is the time when the new seasonal deserts make their debut, isn't it~?
Tsugumi: You have a great memory, Moca. That's right.
Ran: That's the only stuff you remember, isn't it?
Moca: Ehehe~, it's a blessing and a curse~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Fufufu... Ah, look at that. It's sunny over there.
Himari: You're right. It's so beautiful! Lately, it's been raining all the time. I hope this rainy weather will go away soon~.
Tsugumi: Me too... I'd like to see another pretty sunset with you all.
Himari: Then, you guys want to make some teru teru bozu dolls? We can wish for good weather~.
Tsugumi: That might be a good idea. I'm sure the weather will be better with some teru teru bozu dolls.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: I hope they'll bring us nice weather... and the five of us can see the sunset together.
(Black cut)
