event190-07 Ending: To Where That Sound Is

Rui and Rinko finish their session. What do they say to each other?

(Character: Rinko Shirokane, Rui Yashio)

[After the Session]

[Shirokane Residence - Rinko's Room]

Rinko: That ended so quickly...
Rui: It did...
Rinko: But it was also very pleasant...
Rinko: And just like I wished on that day... I find myself wanting to keep feeling... this warmth in my heart...
Rui: ... It has been some time since I encountered that sound.
Rui: The sound I could never create on my own. The sound that showed me I have no musical talent.
Rinko: Yashio-san...?
Rui: You mentioned earlier that our session that day is a treasured memory for you.
Rinko: Y-yes, I did...
Rui: It is the same for me. That day, during that session with you, I felt there was no limit to the heights I could reach with my playing.
Rui: However, I could never recapture that sound. The more I played, in the fact, the further it seemed to drift away from me.
Rui: I grew frustrated and disappointed with myself... Slowly, playing the violin even became suffocating.
Rui: (And so, I...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui's Mother: Rui, maybe it's time to stop playing the violin, don't you think?
Rui: ...
Rui's Mother: You've just entered middle school. Now might be a good time.
Rui's Mother: There are other areas you excel at. Maybe it's better for you to focus your time on them instead.
Rui's Mother: And... you seem to be in such pain now.
Rui: ... I understand. Tomorrow's competition will be my last if I fail to earn a gold prize.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (... The next day, when I realized my name had not been called from onstage, what I felt was a relief.)
Rui: (I could finally quit the violin and stop chasing that sound...)
Rui: (I would no longer have to be hurt... by what I loved...)
Rui: (It was Shirokane-san that let me reach up and touch that sound. That sound was never something I should have sought.)
Rui: (I knew all along, yet I refused to see it.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (Because I still wanted to be number one at what I loved...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: I see... I did not know...
Rui: It was my fault all along, but at least I learned some valuable lessons.
Rui: I learned that emotions should not be prioritized over reality, and I learned the danger of following paths leading into the unknown.
Rui: That said... there is something I have discovered by taking up the violin like this once more.
Rui: My belief that emotions should not be prioritized over reality remains unchanged.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: But I now know that disappointment is not necessarily the only outcome of prioritizing emotion.
Rui: Being in a band has taught me this. I recognize how contradictory these beliefs are... Yet, even so, I want to see what lies beyond.
Rui: That is why I will resume my pursuit of that sound once more.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: ... I'm so happy...
Rinko: That I was able to once again remember... the joy of playing the piano... That your love of the violin has remained...
Rinko: That our sounds have had this opportunity once again... to become entwined... like this...
Rui: May I ask what your plans are for next month?
Rinko: Hm...? I can't say for sure until I check my schedule...
Rui: I see. If you are available, would you be willing to come to our concert?
Rui: I would like for you to listen to our performance.
Rinko: Yes... I would like to very much...
Rinko: Fufu...
Rui: ...?
Rinko: ... It has been a long time... since you last asked me to come and see you... perform on stage...
Rui: ... Indeed, it has...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
