event190-02 Chapter 1: An Old Acquaintance

Morfonica will be doing an atelier show. Rui bumps into some people.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance - Shopping District]

Nanami: What now? We still have some time until band practice.
Toko: How about we go to a café? I found these desserts the other day that are just the kind of thing that people give lots of likes for~.
???: Wait a minute... Hey, guys!
Toko: Lisa-san! I can't believe we've bumped into each other here! This totally has to be fate!
Lisa: Fufu, exaggerating as always, huh~?
Rinko: Ah...
Rui: Hello.
Rinko: ... Hello...
Nanami: What have all of you been up to? We were just at Edogawa Music.
Yukina: We had a meeting at the agency to discuss next month's schedule.
Toko: So, this means you're free now, right? Care to grab some drinks with us?
Toko: There's this café that I super recommend~.
Lisa: I like the sound of that~☆ We were just talking about what to do next. You two okay with this?
Yukina: Yes, I don't mind.
Toko: Great! I'm really looking forward to hearing stories about being in a professional band!
Nanami: Fufu. I never thought we'd end up with Roselia.
Rui: Anything can happen when Kirigaya-san is present.
Yukina: Shall we go too, Rinko?
Rinko: Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Toko: So yeah, that's how TOCO became such a hit! You can also bet TOCO Day's being added as a national holiday next year!
Lisa: Fufu, it was a pretty big success~. I had a great time while I was there, so I can totally see why☆
Toko: Then it'd be great if you could back to the next one! I'll be sure to think of ways to spice things up!
Nanami: Ahaha... So much for saying you wanted to hear about being a professional band, Toko-chan. All you've been doing is talking about TOCO.
Rinko: ...
Rui: I apologize for the commotion.
Rinko: I-it's okay... I'm just a little taken aback...
Rinko: By the way... It has been a while, hasn't it...? For us to talk like this, Yashio-san...
Nanami: Right, you two are supposed to be childhood friends, huh? I heard about it from Rui-rui~.
Yukina: Oh, really?
Rinko: Yes... Our mothers know each other... so we often met at music competitions when we were little...
Rui: However, the expression "childhood friends" may not be apt because we have not seen each other in quite some time.
Rui: "Childhood acquaintances" may be more accurate.
Lisa: Huh~, so you guys didn't stay in touch, then?
Rui: Not personally. As Shirokane-san stated, we only saw each other when we were children.
Toko: Question, question~! What was Rui like? I'd love to hear any stories about you two from those days!
Rinko: Um~...
Rui: There is nothing worth mentioning.
Rui: We should be going anyhow. It is almost time for practice.
Nanami: Oh, hadn't noticed the time. I'm sorry, everyone. We have to go now.
Toko: Let's do this again! I still want to hear about the big leagues.
Lisa: See ya~. Fufu, it never gets boring when Toko's around.
Yukina: Sayo has mentioned her, and I see her talkativeness has not been exaggerated.
Lisa: You know, Rinko, I never knew you and Rui used to know each other when you were little.
Yukina: I know you said you met at competitions, but what about elsewhere?
Rinko: Just once... we did a session together... at my home...
Lisa: A session together, huh~? You guys may've been little, but given how good you both are, I bet it must've been something.
Rinko: Yashio-san was... but not me... It was when I had stopped playing the piano...
Yukina: You stopped playing?
Rinko: ... I couldn't for some time... because I was unable to forget how I had failed during the piano competition...
Yukina: Is that the major competition... you entered again a while back?
Lisa: Ah~, the one where you managed to get first place this time around.
Lisa: I had no idea there was a time when you were in a bit of a slump, too, Rinko.
Rinko: Yes...
Rinko: (Back then... I was so afraid of playing the piano... but...)
Rinko: (Because Yashio-san showed me...)
Yukina: Oh, I hadn't realized it was this late. We should probably go now.
Lisa: Yeah. Better head home before it gets dark.
Rinko: Yes...
