event190-03 Chapter 2: Gold Prize

Rui meets Rinko for the first time in years. A score brings back memories.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: That was a good practice session, everyone! Bye~!
Mashiro: See you tomorrow at school.
Toko: Sigh~, I played crazy good today! My guitar felt like it was literally on fire!
Toko: Today would've been the best day ever if only I could've gotten some dirt on you from Rinko-san, Rui~.
Rui: How many times must I repeat myself before you are satisfied? I have already stated that there is nothing noteworthy to talk about.
Toko: I still wanna hear about it though. It's always super fun to hear stories about someone's past!
Rui: That is an opinion, specifically yours.
Nanami: You two sure get along~. Ah, by the way, have you decided who to invite to our atelier show?
Toko: That's the hard part~. Like I said during practice, I just can't narrow down my list~.
Nanami: What about you, Rui-rui? I know you said earlier that you don't have anybody to invite, but what about Rin-rin-senpai?
Rui: Shirokane-san...?
Toko: Huh, that's a good idea. Might as well go for it.
Rui: No. As I already mentioned at the café, we have not seen each other in quite some time.
Rui: Given the situation, an invitation would only burden her.
Toko: ...? That makes no sense. How would you know that?
Toko: Plus, you're the one who's always going on about efficient decisions, so why aren't you inviting someone you can?
Rui: ...
Nanami: Well, there's still time, so it's not like it's something that has to be decided right away.
Nanami: Let's all just think about it a bit more first~.
Toko: True enough. You better think about it, alright, Rui?
Rui: ... I will return home now. See you tomorrow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yashio Residence - Rui's Room]

Rui: ... My statement about burdening Shirokane-san was uncharacteristic of me.
Rui: (It must be because I see no meaning in inviting her.)
Rui: (... This reminds me... It should be inside the case in my closet...)
Rui: Here it is. I have not set eyes on this score since that time. I wonder how many years it has been...
Rui: (If I recall correctly, the last time Shirokane-san listened to me perform was when I played this song...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Music Competition Venue - Large Hall]

Host: Next, we would like to announce the winners of the Gold Prize for the piano category. Rinko Shirokane-san, Kana Shitara-san, Mami Honjo-san...
Host: Would the individuals whose names were just called please come up on stage to receive their trophies and certificates?
Rinko: Ah, yes...
Head Judge: Congratulations, Rinko Shirokane-san. That was a very lovely performance.
Rinko: Thank you... very much...
Rui: ...
Rui: (Wow, Rin-chan got a gold prize again.)
Rui: She's so lucky...
Rui: (I want to stand up there, too, someday...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Competition Venue - Lounge]

Rui: Congratulations, Rin-chan.
Rinko: Thank you... Rui-chan...
Rui: I know other people got a gold prize too, but you were the best.
Rinko: N-not really... Lots of people... were better than me...
Rui: Nuh-uh, you were the best.
Rui: I can tell how fun the piano is for you when you're playing.
Rui: And that lets me have fun too.
Rinko: ... B-but... your playing's the same way...
Rinko: The way you play the violin sounds very nice... I like it a lot...
Rui: Thank you... That makes me very happy.
Rui: But I wish I could get a gold prize just like you.
Rinko: You should be able to... soon...
Rui: I've got a good feeling too... I got a bronze prize today, but it's better than before.
Rui: And I asked my mother to let me take more violin lessons, so I think can get a gold prize next time.
Rui: You'll be back for next month's competition, right? Will you come see me play?
Rinko: Of course... I can't wait...
Rui's Mother: Rui, we need to go home soon.
Rui: Already...? But I want to talk with Rin-chan more.
Rui's Mother: Rinko-chan's mother said they're going out to eat, remember?
Rui's Mother: And you still have homework left. You promised you would study hard even with more lessons.
Rui: ... Okay. Bye, Rin-chan.
Rinko: ... Goodbye...
Rui: Mom, can I practice the violin when we get home? I promise I'll study too.
Rui's Mother: Sure. You really love the violin, don't you?
Rui: I love it a lot. It sounds so pretty.
Rui: Just listening to its pretty sound makes me want to keep playing.
Rui's Mother: Is that why you practice from day to night when you don't have school?
Rui: Night just sneaks up on me, but it's still lots of fun.
Rui: Mom, I'm going to get a gold prize because I want to be number one at the violin.
Rui's Mother: I see... Well, it is nice to get first place for something you love.
Rui's Mother: Good luck. I hope you can get that gold prize.
Rui: Me too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
