event190-04 Chapter 3: Unreachable Hundred

A younger Rui practices with a single-minded purpose. What does she seek?

[One Month Later]

[Music Competition Venue - Dressing Room]

Rui: (You can do this... You can do this...)
Rui: (I've practiced more than I ever have, and my teacher even said I've become really good.)
Rui: (I'm getting a gold prize today for sure.)
Rui's Mother: Are you okay, Rui? You should relax now, or else you'll become tired before it's time to play.
Rui: O-okay. Inhale... Exhale...
Rui: (I have to calm down. I want Rin-chan to hear me play at my best.)
Rui: (... Hm? Wait...)
Rui: Mom, where's Rin-chan?
Rui: I haven't seen her yet... She's going to be in today's competition, right?
Rui's Mother: Rinko-chan won't be playing in competitions anymore.
Rui: Why?
Rui's Mother: I haven't heard any details, but Rinko-chan's mother said the competition she was in two weeks ago will be her last one.
Rui's Mother: It was apparently pretty big, so maybe she decided it would be a good time to stop.
Rui: Oh... I see...
Rui: (But she said she'd be playing in this one... I wonder what happened.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Competition Venue - Lounge]

Rui's Mother: I'm sorry, Rui.
Rui: (... I failed again. What's so different about me and everyone who gets a gold prize?)
Rui: (I love the violin just as much too...)
Rui's Mother: Why don't we go home?
Rui: Okay...
Rui's Mother: ... Once your father comes back, we can go out and eat.
Rui's Mother: It's too bad about the competition, but you did get a hundred on your test at school the other day.
Rui's Mother: Your teacher said only one other student in your entire grade did. I'm very proud of you.
Rui: (No... What I want a hundred on isn't a test...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (... It's the violin. I want a hundred for the violin.)
Rui: (I want to be number one at the violin. I want a gold prize for the violin...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: (I have to practice more... I have to work harder...)
Rui: (I'm going to do it next time... for sure...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Violin Class]

Violin Teacher: That was a very nice performance, Rui-chan. The assigned piece for your next competition should be a piece of cake.
Violin Teacher: You've been practicing a lot at home, haven't you?
Rui: Yes. I'm trying to get a gold prize next time.
Rui: Can I play again?
Violin Teacher: Why don't we take a break first? You've already been at it for two hours.
Rui: I can still play. Please?
Violin Teacher: Hmm~. Playing more might stop it from being fun, you know?
Rui: Really...?
Violin Teacher: No matter how much you love the violin, it becomes hard to have fun when you're tired.
Violin Teacher: That's why it's important to rest properly and come back "refreshed."
Rui: "Refreshed?"
Violin Teacher: It means getting back your energy so that you can enjoy playing the violin again.
Violin Teacher: I know it's important to practice a lot to get a gold prize, but it'll be really sad if it causes you pain.
Violin Teacher: Not to mention, the best way to play well is to have fun doing it.
Rui: ... I love playing the violin. Does that mean I can get a gold prize?
Violin Teacher: Yes, I'm sure you'll be able to.
Rui: ...
Violin Teacher: So promise me, okay? No more than two hours of practice tops. After that, you take a break.
Rui: I promise.
Rui: (Two hours of practice, then rest... I'll have to remember when I'm practicing at home too.)
Rui: (I'm getting a gold prize. I'm going to be number one at what I love.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
