event190-01 Opening: Lingering Echo

When Rui receives something from her mother, she recalls somebody's words.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Yashio Residence - Rui's Room]

Rui: ... The song still lacks momentum. I should increase the tempo slightly from the chorus to the conclusion...
Rui: Yes, come in.
Rui's Mother: Here, Rui. I think you should have this.
Rui: ... A photograph? This is from that music competition I was in...
Rui's Mother: I found it while tidying up the closet. See, it's you and Rinko-chan together.
Rui: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: Ready, Rin-chan?
Rinko: Mm-hmm... Rui-chan... Um...
Rui: What is it?
Rinko: ... Thank you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui's Mother: ... Rui? Are you okay?
Rui: It is nothing. Is there anything else?
Rui's Mother: No, but try not to stay up too late, okay? You do have school tomorrow.
Rui: ... I understand.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Edogawa Music]

Nanami & Toko: A concert that's like a house party?
Kasumi: Yup! We call it a basement show!
Tae: Because it's a show. In Arisa's basement. I'm the one who coined the name.
Nanami: Arisa-senpai's basement is where all of you usually practice, isn't it?
Toko: Kinda like what our atelier is for us then, huh~? Doing a show in your own base sounds super exciting!
Kasumi: Fu fu fu, super exciting doesn't even begin to describe it. You have no idea just how fun it is! Right, O-Tae?
Tae: Yeah. I'd recommend it as much as I would a Hamburg steak with mushrooms inside.
Kasumi: You invite your favorite people, perform for them, then you all party together!
Kasumi: It's like having our special place overflowing with all sorts of fun stuff...
Kasumi: Sigh~. I kind of want to do a basement show now~. It's been so long since the last one.
Toko: Partying after a show... Whoa! There's no way that wouldn't be awesome!
Nanami: I know. I give it extra points because you get to have all those people with you when you give a toast to celebrate the concert~.
Toko: I say it's settled then! Let's do a basement show too!
Kasumi: That's such a great idea! Go for it~!
Tae: A basement show by you guys sounds fun.
Nanami: Although, it's more like an atelier show in our case, but~...
Toko: Now we need a date... Hmm~, looks like I've got a lot lined up this month~.
Toko: So, next month then! I really can't wait!
Rui: ... Kirigaya-san, please keep your voice down. You can be heard throughout the entire store.
Kasumi: Hi, Rui-chan!
Nanami: Welcome back~. Were you able to get your violin strings?
Rui: Yes. What about the two of you? Are you done shopping?
Nanami: Mm-hmm, I got my bass strings~.
Toko: Forget shopping! You are not going to believe what I'm about to tell you~. We're doing a concert!
Rui: I heard everything already.
Rui: I disapprove of you making a decision involving the band on your own. All of us should have been consulted first.
Toko: Relax! Shiro and Fusuke are gonna say yes anyway! Man~, I so can't wait to do a basement show!
Rui: ... At this rate, it appears as though we will end up holding a concert.
Nanami: Shiro-chan and Tsu-chan are probably going to be surprised when they find out during practice today~.
Nanami: By the way, is it just me, or do you argue with Toko-chan about her ideas a lot less than before?
Rui: When Kirigaya-san is in this state, it is simply more efficient to go along unless there is a significant reason not to.
Nanami: Ahaha, given up, huh~?
Toko: Hey, hey! How many people we inviting? Actually, how many people can fit in the atelier anyway?
Nanami: Um~, I'm guessing about twenty, including us~.
Toko: So that's like fifteenish~...? Seriously? I was expecting more.
Toko: Great~, not exactly what I had in mind. It's going to be crazy hard figuring out who to invite~.
Kasumi: I know what you mean~. We've been there too~.
Tae: ... Ah, it's a message from Arisa. Looks like everyone's already waiting for us.
Kasumi: You're right! We should hurry then. Good luck with your atelier show! See ya~!
Nanami: Thank you for all the information~. Why don't we go too?
Toko: Uh-oh. I still haven't bought anything! Gimme a sec...!
Nanami: Toko-chan, it's dangerous to run in the store~.
Rui: We will be an inconvenience if we loiter here any longer. We should wait outside.
Nanami: Okay. Hey, Rui-rui. The atelier show sounds pretty fun, doesn't it?
Nanami: I enjoy our usual concerts, of course, but getting people to see us play in our own atelier just feels like such a teenage thing to do, you know~?
Rui: Is that so? Regardless of location, we should always strive to give performances that we can be proud of.
Nanami: Well, you're not wrong, but... So, is there anyone you want to invite?
Rui: No one in particular.
Nanami: Wait, not even one person?
Rui: Correct. Anyhow, we should go now.
Nanami: Ah, wait~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
