event132-01 Opening: Toward the Stage I Dreamed of

After a successful concert, Toko suggests Morfonica performs at CiRCLE next...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Live House - Stage]

Mashiro: Pant, pant... Thank you very much! We are Morfonica!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House - Dressing Room]

Tsukushi & Toko: Ohh, that was so much fun!
Toko: Wasn't that amazing?! Did you hear everyone cheering? I thought we were going to break the stage!
Tsukushi: Goodness... You're exaggerating. But it really was that great of a show!
Mashiro: I was so surprised... The cheering felt like this huge wave crashing into me. I was shaking so much.
Nanami: Don’t you think we might have gotten the most applause out of all the bands that played today?
Toko: Might have gotten? More like definitely got!
Tsukushi: Fufu... It seems like everyone has finally realized how good we really are!
Nanami: What did you think of our show today, Rui-rui?
Rui: ... Well, I did not notice any particularly concerning mistakes. It is clear to see that we have made steady progress.
Tsukushi: R-Rui-san complimented us...!
Mashiro: This is normally where she'd tell us all the stuff we screwed up...
Rui: I did not mean that as a compliment. I was asked for my opinion, so I stated it. That is all.
Nanami: Ahaha... Even so, hearing that it was a good show from Rui-rui kind of makes it really hit home~.
Toko: Right?! Seriously though, at this rate, don't you think we've got what it takes to do it now?!
Mashiro: Do what now?
Toko: What do you think? Playing at CiRCLE! They've got a concert coming up next month...
Mashiro: Huh...?
Nanami: Ohhh~. Toko-chan, you think we should go for it~? Aggressive~.
Toko: I know we'll knock it outta the park! C'mon, everyone, let's sign up!
Mashiro: You really think so...? Isn't it still a little early for us...?
Tsukushi: Agreed. We're still not ready yet.
Toko: Aw, c'mon! But why? What makes you think we're not there yet?
Mashiro: I mean...
Tsukushi: This is CiRCLE we're talking about. That Girls Band Party was incredible.
Mashiro: I... don't know if we can match that level yet...
Rui: But the concert Kirigaya-san speaks of is not Girls Band Party, correct?
Mashiro: W-well, yeah, but...
Nanami: According to their website... Looks like this concert's just one of the shows they hold regularly.
Nanami: Doesn't seem all that different from what we just did today, actually~.
Toko: Did you hear that? Easy-peasy! Let's bring the house down at CiRCLE just like we did today!
Mashiro: B-but... I-I mean... I'm not prepared mentally...
Rui: I do not understand. Where is this apprehension coming from? This is a concert  anyone can participate in if they simply apply.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Nanami: ... Shiro-chan, Tsu-chan... Could it be...? Are you scared of playing at CiRCLE?
Tsukushi: O-of course not! I just don't have the courage at the moment...
Toko: That's the same thing!
Tsukushi: Ugh...
Toko: Actually, why are you even scared? Wouldn't it be awesome to hear the same cheers we got today, but at CiRCLE? Don't you get excited just imagining it?
Mashiro: Being cheered on like today at CiRCLE...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ... Ah...
Toko: Right? Doesn't that get you fired up?
Mashiro: Yeah. The room is all shiny and sparkly...
Nanami: Oh~, I see it too... Everyone's waving their glow sticks for us~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Then all we can do is go see that scenery for real, right? It'd be such a shame to give up just because you're scared!
Tsukushi: I guess you do have a point...
Tsukushi: F-fine. But on one condition! We're going to practice harder than we ever have. We've got to make sure we put on a good show!
Mashiro: Okay... Let's do it. I'm still scared, but... I'll give it a shot.
Toko: Yes! Then I'll sign us all up, okay?!
Nanami: Fufu. This'll be fun, don't you think, Rui-rui?
Rui: Not particularly. It is not as if we will be doing anything different than usual.
Nanami: What~? It'll definitely be fun though~. Oh, oh, how about we come up with a new song?
Toko: Nice idea! Rui, Shiro! You've got this!
Rui: ... Fine. I will have the score ready for you by next week.
Mashiro: I-I'll start thinking of a theme for some lyrics.
Toko: Oh man, I'm just getting more and more excited for this! Alright, everyone! How about we do an after-party?!
Nanami: I'm in~. Let's get changed~.
