event132-02 Chapter 1: Amid Anticipation, Fear Rises

Morfonica concentrates on practicing for their upcoming show. Then Mashiro runs into Kasumi...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[One Week Later - During Practice]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Wow! Is it just me, or was that perfect just now?! It felt right.
Toko: And this is just our first time putting it all together... Haha, we've basically already won!
Tsukushi: Jeez, Toko-chan, you're always getting ahead of yourself. There's still some rough parts we definitely need to practice more.
Nanami: You say that, but aren't you feeling good about this, too? I can see that smile you're trying to hide~. You can't fool the eyes of Hiromachi~.
Tsukushi: W-well, I suppose for our first time, it did sound pretty nice...
Nanami: Fufu, and it's all thanks to Rui-rui for writing this great song for us~.
Rui: Is that so? If you like it, then I suppose that is all that matters.
Tsukushi: All that's left is the lyrics, then. Mashiro-chan, how are they going?
Mashiro: Nothing yet. I've been thinking this whole time about what kind of song it should be, but it's just not coming to me...
Toko: Write us something good, alright?
Tsukushi: Don't put more pressure on her! Take your time, Mashiro-chan. There's no need to rush.
Nanami: If you need any help, just let us know~. We'll lend you a hand~.
Mashiro: Thanks.
Rui: Are we done talking, then? It is still too early for a break. We need to get back to practice.
Tsukushi: Right. Then let's have Mashiro-chan join in now so we can practice some other songs.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence - Front]

Toko: Alright, I've got plans, so I've gotta go! Good work today, everyone!
Tsukushi: Rui-san and I also have stuff we need to take care of, so we'll get going, too. Bye-bye!
Nanami: See ya~. Alright, Shiro-chan, let's head out. I'll walk with you part of the way back.
Mashiro: Okay. Thanks.
Nanami: We practiced a lot today, huh~?
Mashiro: Everyone seemed like they were really motivated. Even Toko-chan was practicing her guitar during breaks.
Nanami: You were trying to come up with lyrics during break time too, weren't you?
Nanami: That super serious aura you had... My Hiromachi deduction skills tell me... you're really fired up about this song~.
Mashiro: I still have no idea what the song will end up being, but... I'm just hoping it'll be one I'm proud to sing at CiRCLE.
Nanami: CiRCLE's really special to you, huh~?
Mashiro: Yeah... It's the place that taught me about this new world, after all.
Mashiro: When I watched Girls Band Party, I saw the world begin to shine and sparkle in front of my eyes... That's why I really want this show to go well.
Nanami: Hm~... Got it. I can tell you're really serious about this~.
Nanami: Let's do our best, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Yeah.
???: ... Oh, it's Mashiro-chan and Nanami-chan!
Mashiro: Huh...? K-Kasumi-san!
Kasumi: What a coincidence, running into you two here! Oh yeah, I heard from Marina-san! Morfonica's gonna be playing at CiRCLE next month, right?!
Nanami: You're well-informed~. That's right, it's gonna be our first show at CiRCLE~.
Kasumi: Wow, really? Your first? That's amazing! I've gotta come and cheer you guys on!
Mashiro: Huh...?
Kasumi: I'll talk to Ran-chan, Yukina-senpai, and everyone else, too. Oh, I'm getting so excited!
Nanami: Wow, thank you~. It feels good knowing you're all gonna be there to cheer us on~.
Kasumi: Okay! I'm looking forward to seeing you all play! Bye-bye~!
Nanami: Bye~. Fufu. This is turning into a pretty big deal, huh~?
Mashiro: N-no way... Kasumi-san is coming to see our show...
Nanami: Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: W-what if she doesn't like us...?
Mashiro: ... It's gotta go well... The new song... I have to come up with good lyrics...
Nanami: Whoa, whoa, what's wrong? Your face is so stormy. It looks like it might start raining any second now~.
Mashiro: Sorry. I... have to go... I have to come up with lyrics right now.
Nanami: Ah, she's gone~.... What's gotten into her all of a sudden...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later - After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Toko: Ah, perfect timing! Hey~, Shiro! Fusuke~!
Mashiro: Toko-chan...?
Toko: I'm gonna be a little late to practice today~. Could you tell Nanami and the others for me?
Tsukushi: A little late? How late, exactly?
Toko: Dunno, depends on what I've gotta do~. Just go with your gut!
Tsukushi: My gut?! How am I supposed to know how long you're going to take?!
Toko: C'mon, I'll try and finish up as quick as I can, okay?
Toko: Oh yeah, Shiro. How're those lyrics going? I'm really looking forward to them!
Tsukushi: Ah, I wanted to ask about that, too. Your deadline is Friday. Do you think you can make it?
Mashiro: I... I don't know... I'm still in the middle of writing them, so I can't really say...
Tsukushi: In the middle? So how much have you written?
Mashiro: W-well...
Toko: Aw, don't sweat the small things! This is Shiro we're talking about. She'll have them done and perfect by Friday, no problem!
Tsukushi: True, you've never missed a deadline before. Fufu. I wonder what kind of song you'll write for us this time.
Mashiro: ...
Toko: Alright, I'm off to take care of stuff! See ya later~.
Tsukushi: We should get going too, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Y-yeah...
Mashiro: (Wh-what do I do...? I haven't actually written anything yet...!)
