event132-04 Chapter 3: Let the Lyric-Writing Begin!

Song-writing day is here. Mashiro tells everyone that Poppin'Party will come to see their show...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Morning! My bad, I know I'm a little late.
Tsukushi: "A little?" You're an hour late! An hour! What on earth were you doing?
Toko: Well~, Grandma caught me on my way out~... She was so mad that I even dreamed of going out with my room such a mess~.
Nanami: So then you had to clean up, which is why you're so late, right~?
Toko: Bingo! One point for you, Nanami!
Mashiro: A-are we keeping score for something...?
Rui: You are asking the wrong person.
Tsukushi: Sigh, you haven't learned your lesson at all.
Toko: I have. I totally have! I promise I won't be late next time! Really!
Tsukushi: I wonder...
Nanami: Fufu, then how about we get to writing~?
Nanami: Oh yeah, Shiro-chan. Have you come up with anything since yesterday~?
Mashiro: No, nothing...
Toko: It's so easy, though. Why don't you just start daydreaming like you always do?
Mashiro: It's not easy~. Whenever I try and come up with something, Kasumi-san pops up...
Tsukushi: Kasumi-senpai? Why?
Mashiro: The other day, Kasumi-san said she'd invite a whole bunch of other people to come cheer for us at our concert.
Toko: Really?! Kasumi-san's coming?!
Mashiro: Yeah... So that got me really nervous about not wanting to mess up, so I can't concentrate on writing anymore...
Nanami: Now that you mention it, you were kinda acting weird that day... So that's what it was.
Toko: Why didn't you tell us earlier?! Kasumi-senpai's coming to see us! Oh man, I'm even more hyped up now!
Toko: Ohh, I can't wait to play at CiRCLE!
Mashiro: Y-you're amazing, Toko-chan... All I can think about is what might happen if we mess up...
Toko: Why? Of course I'm gonna get excited! Just think about seeing our role models go nuts for our show!
Tsukushi: Go nuts, huh~? You're right. This is our chance to show them what Morfonica is really capable of!
Rui: While I appreciate the heightened motivation, I would like to remind you all there has been zero progress made so far today.
Toko: You want progress? Then have I got something for you!
Nanami: A straight back and a puffed out chest... According to my Hiromachi deduction skills, you've got a great idea for us~.
Toko: Aw, shucks~♪I'm actually leaking with inspination right now! Just watch, I'll write some lyrics that'll knock your socks off!
Tsukushi: You mean "inspiration!" And don't leak anything! There's so much wrong with what you just said!
Tsukushi: Besides, I think I've come up with some good ideas, too. There's no guarantee we'll end up going with whatever you come up with, Toko-chan.
Nanami: See, Shiro-chan? We're all rarin' to go~.
Mashiro: ... Y-yeah. I hope we can think of something good...
Toko: Alrighty then, let's get started! Hm, for the opening...
Rui: ...
Toko: ... Wait. Rui, what're you doing?
Rui: I am waiting for you all to finish writing your lyrics.
Toko: No, you've gotta write too!
Rui: I already said this yesterday, but anything I write will inevitably be something of painfully average quality.
Toko: You don't know unless you try, though! C'mon, here! Pen and paper!
Rui: ... I do not understand. Why do you want me to participate so badly?
Toko: Oh, just take them already!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Hey, no fighting!
Nanami: J-just calm down, you two~.
Rui: Fine. Hand me the pen and paper, then.
Mashiro: Rui-san... Why...?
Rui: Because there is little point in wasting time on petty arguments.
Rui: And I think Kirigaya-san will quickly come to realize how little talent I have for writing lyrics when she sees for herself what little I am capable of.
Toko: Okay, then we're all ready, right? Let's get started~!
