event132-06 Chapter 5: The View in the Moonlight

Morfonica stays overnight at the atelier to continue writing. While the others sleep, Mashiro is...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Sigh, what a great bath!
Nanami: I got everyone's beds out already~. Just lemme know if there's anything else you need~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan, now that we've all taken a bath and relaxed, I think it might be a good time to say hello to your family. Is that okay?
Nanami: What?! No, you don't have to do that! Don't worry about it~.
Tsukushi: But...
Nanami: You don't have to! Really!
Tsukushi: W-well, okay... If you say so.
Mashiro: ...
Rui: Kurata-san?
Mashiro: Th-that really was an incredible bath, though. I've never seen a bathroom with a mural in it before...
Rui: It was certainly unique décor.
Tsukushi: Hm...
Toko: What's up, Fusuke? Your face is all scrunched up.
Tsukushi: I'm just thinking about the lyrics. I mean, we still ended up with nothing after our second try.
Tsukushi: And we've got to finish this song by tomorrow... So I'm wondering what I should write next.
Mashiro: I-I know. It's about time I wrote something too... It really felt like I was close to something on our second try, but... Sorry.
Toko: It's fine, you two! You'll see! Tomorrow, I'll come up with even hotter lyrics than what I wrote today!
Rui: Though I have my doubts regarding how fine we actually will be, I also do not think it would be good for us to dwell on the lyrics much longer tonight.
Nanami: Right. Let's all rest up and go at it with a fresh start tomorrow~.
Tsukushi: That's... a good idea. Got it. Then I suppose we should get to bed, huh?
Toko: What? No, no, no! How are you gonna sleep over at a friend's place and not have some fun?
Mashiro: B-but it is pretty late, and we're going to be busy tomorrow. Shouldn't we go to sleep a little early tonight?
Toko: Shiro, you really don't get it, huh~? If we have fun tonight, we'll get really pumped up, right? Then that'd mean tomorrow... Boom! A masterpiece!
Rui: What sort of logic are you operating on?
Nanami: Everyone's sleeping over at my place, and we're all having fun hanging out... Nice~. Just like real teenagers!
Nanami: Then let's watch a movie~. I've got one I want you all to see~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan, not you too...!
Toko: A movie? Yeah, that's it! Shiro! Let's go buy some popcorn!
Mashiro: Huh...?! S-stop pulling~...
Nanami: I'm coming too~.
Tsukushi: H-hey...!
Rui: I will go to sleep, then. Good night.
Tsukushi: Ah... Jeez, you're all so stubborn~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi & Toko: Zzz... zzz.... zzz...
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, can't sleep~?
Mashiro: Ah... Nanami-chan. Sorry, did I wake you up...?
Nanami: No, I couldn't get to sleep anyway~. I'm just so happy my friends are sleeping over. I've never done anything like this before.
Nanami: What about you, Shiro-chan? Oh, are you the type that can't sleep without your own pillow?
Mashiro: I was writing lyrics. I'm worried we won't be able to finish the song by tomorrow...
Nanami: Oh... So did you think of something, then?
Mashiro: Not exactly, but I'm doing better than before, at least... It feels like I'm so close... Just a little push, and I'll have it.
Mashiro: When I was writing by myself before, my mind was full of things like the deadline and Kasumi-san... I couldn't concentrate at all.
Mashiro: But being together with everyone helped me forget that stuff. I guess I was able to relax a little.
Nanami: I totally know what you mean~. It's fun doing something together with friends, right~? Like going out to eat, or stopping by shops on the way home from school...
Nanami: I've never had a chance to do stuff like that before. It's all been so new to me~.
Mashiro: Our little parties after our shows are nice, too, right? I always get so excited when we clink our glasses together.
Nanami: I knew you'd understand, Shiro-chan~. I put more effort into that toast than our shows~.
Mashiro: Sh-shouldn't you put a little more effort into playing, then...?
Nanami: Fufu... It is exciting thinking about our show at CiRCLE though, huh?
Mashiro: ... Yeah. But... I think I'm still scared.
Nanami: Then just remember that we're all going to be there with you. You don't have to be scared with us by your side~.
Mashiro: Huh?
Nanami: Morfonica is the five of us, right~? If something's hard for one of us, I'm sure we can figure it out together.
Nanami: Even though I know we can't stop you from feeling worried, we can at least support you until we get up on that stage. So let's make this concert at CiRCLE a good one, okay?
Mashiro: Morfonica is the five of us... If it's hard for one of us, we can figure it out together...
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: I saw it just now. I know... what I want to sing at CiRCLE... I think I figured it out.
Nanami: Really? Yay~, you did it, Shiro-chan!
Mashiro: I'm going to go back to writing.
Nanami: Wait, now? But it's so late. Are you gonna be okay not sleeping?
Mashiro: Don't worry. I just want to write down what I thought of now as soon as I can.
Nanami: Hm~... Got it. Then I'll stay up with you. If you need anything, just lemme know~.
Mashiro: Okay. Thanks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
