event132-07 Ending: To the Shining Scenery Together

Morfonica's long-awaited CiRCLE concert is about to begin. What sight do the members see from the stage...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[CiRCLE Concert - Day of the Show]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Tsukushi: Ugh... Nngh... Oh~...
Nanami: Are you okay, Tsu-chan~? You've been wandering around groaning this whole time...
Tsukushi: I-I'm fine! D-d-don't worry about me...
Toko: Ahaha! Fusuke! Aren't you a little too nervous?
Tsukushi: I'm not nervous! This is... I'm just... My mouth is dry! That's all!
Rui: Is that not a sign of nervousness?
Nanami: I understand how you feel, Tsu-chan~. We finally get to live our dream~.
Nanami: How're you doing, Shiro-chan? You okay~?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. For now.
Toko: That's a surprise. I totally thought you'd be stiff as a board right now.
Rui: She was the same way at the Tsukinomori Music Festival. Kurata-san may be tougher than we initially thought.
Mashiro: Well... I'm still nervous, but... surprisingly, I'm feeling okay.
Mashiro: Maybe it's because it feels like we've done everything we can...? I feel a teeny-tiny bit confident about our new song, too.
Toko: Right? Those lyrics you wrote were seriously awesome!
Toko: I mean, it's not like mine were bad or anything, but when I saw what you wrote, they really felt like Morfonica lyrics!
Mashiro: Toko-chan...
Tsukushi: You really did surprise us, though. I never expected you to have them done by the time we woke up.
Mashiro: Everyone helped with the lyrics this time, right? That helped me remember that Morfonica is made up of all five of us...
Mashiro: And if there's something I feel like I can't handle alone, the five of us together have a chance of overcoming it.
Mashiro: When I thought about it like that, the image of us walking down a road carrying something heavy together popped into my head.
Nanami: Hey, Shiro-chan. I just noticed, but... Is this part right here from where I think it is...?
Mashiro: Yeah. I used Rui-san's lyrics from before as inspiration.
Rui: You did?
Mashiro: When I read your lyrics back then, I could see someone moving from one place to the next... Which kind of sounds like us.
Mashiro: We've been dreaming about playing at CiRCLE for so long, but I know that the shining landscape we're aiming for is beyond that...
Mashiro: That's why I think this show today is the first step of our brand new journey.
Rui: I see...
Toko: Oh, is that happiness I'm sensing?
Rui: Of course not. I am simply surprised. Something I considered of little value ended up being useful.
Rui: There is still worth in wasting your time, I suppose.
Tsukushi: Fufu, that just means that there's no such thing as a waste of time, right?
Rui: ... I would not go that far.
Marina: Morfonica! We need you on standby, please!
Tsukushi: It's finally time...!
Toko: Alright, Shiro! Give us a good pre-concert cheer for our huddle!
Mashiro: Huh?!
Nanami: Good idea~. We're living our dreams, so something like that sounds right.
Tsukushi: Although I'd consider this to be more the leader's job, you were the one who got us all together in the first place. I'll give this one to you, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Th-this is all kinda sudden...
Toko: C'mon, hurry up!
Mashiro: Ugh... U-um...
Mashiro: L-let's set off to that sparkling world...!
Tsukushi, Toko & Nanami: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Concert Opening]

Mashiro: H-hello. We're...
Morfonica: Morfonica!!
Toko: (Wow, were the lights always this bright...?! Oh~, this is so awesome~!)
Rui: (This stage is larger than I had expected... But that does not change anything. I will simply do what I can.)
Tsukushi: (I'm... standing onstage at CiRCLE. Ugh, I'm so nervous... But that doesn't matter! Let's show them what we can do!)
Nanami: (That's one more fun memory with everyone made. No... This one's not over yet. Here I go~!)
Mashiro: (This is what the view onstage at CiRCLE looks like... Is this what Kasumi-san saw? I don't know, but...)
Mashiro: (Just like that time, this feels like the beginning of something big...! I want to play for everyone right now!)
Mashiro: Please enjoy the show. Our first song is...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the Concert]

[Offstage]

Tsukushi & Toko: Mmm~... That was so much fun~!
Toko: Did you see how pumped everyone was?! Ahh, that was the best!
Tsukushi: Hehe, I think we showed everyone at CiRCLE what we're really made of!
Mashiro: ... It was so pretty. It was like a tidal wave of lights crashing into our stage...
Nanami: Yup. The audience and us... were all on the same wavelength~.
Rui: Indeed. I think this was the most well-balanced performance we have done so far.
Rui: That being said, it is undeniable that there is still room for improvement. Let us build upon this experience.
Mashiro: Yeah. It'd be nice if we could do even better next time.
Nanami: Ohh~... Shiro-chan, I wasn't expecting to hear that from you~.
Mashiro: I felt like I could see that sparkling world clearer than ever before... It was just beyond the sight we saw today...
Mashiro: So I was just thinking how nice it would be if we could all keep moving forward, one step at a time.
Mashiro: ... I know it's probably not like me to say stuff like that.
Tsukushi: That doesn't matter! Let's give an even better show next time!
Toko: Right. I mean, with me on the team, it'll be a piece of cake♪
Rui: I have no qualms with the idea of improving our skills.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, we'll be fine as long as we're together... Right?
Mashiro: Yeah. Let's do our best.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
