event132-03 Chapter 2: Trouble with the New Song!

Mashiro is unable to come up with new lyrics. The group discusses what to do...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi & Toko: What? You haven't written anything?
Mashiro: ...
Toko: Not even a single word? At all? S-seriously?
Tsukushi: Why didn't you tell us earlier?!
Mashiro: I was going to, but it was so hard to say... Everyone was looking forward to them so much...
Tsukushi: Even so, telling us on the due date is pretty bad...
Mashiro: Sorry....
Nanami: E-everyone, let's calm down~. Let's just focus on what we're going to do from here on~.
Tsukushi: G-good idea. Hm... I wonder how long we can push back the due date on these lyrics...
Nanami: Since the show at CiRCLE is the first week of next month... Probably the beginning of next week.
Tsukushi: Which would be...
Rui: In two days.
Toko: Oh, that's plenty of time! You can come up with lyrics in two days, right?
Mashiro: O-of course not~. If I could, I'd have already written them...
Rui: True. It would make little sense to think she would suddenly be able to accomplish something she struggled to do in a week in the span of only two days.
Toko: Then what're we gonna do?
Rui: I would advise we give up on the new song.
Toko: Whoa, we can't do that. I've already told everyone online we're debuting a new song at CiRCLE.
Rui: But that would be the logical choice at this juncture. Even if we were to complete this song in two days, I find it hard to believe it would be of a quality worth presenting.
Tsukushi: Rui-san's right. There's no point in showing off a new song that we rushed to finish... I think we should do as she says.
Toko: S-seriously...?
Mashiro: (... No new song...)
Mashiro: (I know it's my fault for not writing the lyrics, but... is this really okay?)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Mashiro: U-um... Actually, could you give me a little more time? I'd like one more chance...
Nanami: Are you saying... you'll write the lyrics in these two days, then?
Mashiro: I can't promise anything, but... We're playing at CiRCLE, after all. It just doesn't feel right to give up that easily.
Nanami: I guess that's kinda been our goal this whole time, huh~? I definitely get that you'd want to put your best out there~.
Toko: I'm down too! It'll be a way better show with a new song. I know it!
Tsukushi: B-but we were just talking about how unrealistic it would be to finish it in two days, right...? Um... Rui-san, what do you think?
Rui: Do as you wish.
Rui: As long as the show can meet my standards of quality, I am fine with however you proceed.
Nanami: Okay. Then since Shiro-chan looks like she's struggling on her own, how about we all do some brainstorming together? We're gonna be cutting it close, though.
Toko: Okay! As long as you've got me on your side, it'll be a piece of cake!
Tsukushi: Sure... I suppose it can't hurt to try.
Toko: Alright! Then let's all do some lyric writing tomorrow!
Mashiro: I-I'll give it my best shot...
Rui: I see. Then please share with me your completed lyrics by the beginning of next week.
Nanami: Huh? Wait, Rui-rui, aren't you gonna help...?
Rui: No. I have no talent for writing lyrics. I would be of little use, even if I did try to help.
Tsukushi: But you had the top score on our modern literature test the other day, didn't you...?
Rui: Being good at modern literature and writing song lyrics are two very different things, you know.
Nanami: But if we finish the lyrics, the song might end up needing some tweaks, right?
Nanami: Don't you think it'd be easier for you if you're there when we finish?
Rui: ... Considering the amount of time we have left, you do have a point.
Rui: Understood. Then where am I going, and at what time?
Nanami: I guess we can just meet here, right~? As for the time... How about around lunch?
Tsukushi & Toko: Okay!
Nanami: Then I'll see you all then~. Shiro-chan, let's do our best.
Mashiro: Y-yeah.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
