event119-07 Ending: The After-Party's Only Begun!

The power returns! Poppin'Party's concert is a success, and the show ends on a high note. And then...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Athletic Field - Grounds]

Kaoru: What did you think of that hip-hop hustle brought to you by the Hanasakigawa and Haneoka dancers? My heart is filled with a feeling most fleeting. Do give them another round of applause!
Kaoru: Up next, we bring to you the little kittens who initially proposed this fleeting show. Do put your hands together for our next group.
Kasumi: Hello, everyone! We are~...
Poppin'Party: Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: And we're here to perform for you today~! Our mic is a little quiet, but... I promise we'll give an amazing show, so rock out with us~!
Kasumi: Now, let's jump right into our first so-
Kaoru: ... Oh my.
Kaoru: Mm-hm, I see... It is... but that.
Kasumi: K-Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Poppin'Party, a moment of your time, if I may? Sayo has just provided me with a riveting tidbit of information. Allow me to propose the following.
Arisa: What is she talking about...?
Kaoru: Let us all count down to the beginning of your show. All little kittens present here will join in, won't you?
Rimi: S-so we're doing a group countdown...?
Saya: What do you think, Kasumi?
Kasumi: I don't know what's going on... but it looks like Kaoru-san has a plan!
Tae: Okay~. A countdown it is, then!
Kaoru: Kasumi-chan and her companions have consented. Therefore, we shall start the count at five. Are you ready...? Five.
Rimi: Four!
Tae: Three!
Saya: Two!
Arisa: One!
Kasumi: Zero~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Oh... the sound is back to normal~!
Tae: Check it out! The entrance lights are on!
Saya: Which means...
Rimi & Arisa: The power is back!
Kasumi: Yay~! Hehehe, now that's the guitar sound I know and love~.
Tae: The lights flickered on just as Kasumi's guitar rang out. It was like she shocked the system back into place. So cool.
Kasumi: No way, it was a total coincidence~.
Arisa: More like it was all planned out by Kaoru-san. Oh well, at least the crowd is fired up now.
Kasumi: And it's our job to crank up the heat even more~! Let's get this show started, guys~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After-Party]

Kasumi: Does everyone have their juice? Ready, and... cheers~!
Rimi, Tae, Saya & Arisa: Cheers~!
Saya: Good job, everyone! We ran into some trouble, but it all worked out in the end~.
Arisa: No kidding. Way too much happened today.
Rimi: We had our hands full even after the festival was back on. I'm exhausted~.
Tae: It was a ton of fun, though. I'd love to have another joint sports festival.
Kasumi: I completely agree, O-Tae~! It should be held every year, not once every three~.
Rimi: Speaking of which, we need to start getting ready for the after-party concert.
Kasumi: Yeah, you read my mind, Rimi-rin! I've been looking forward to this for forever~.
Tae: Me too! We'll need to change up the set list from this afternoon, though.
Arisa: I swear... you guys are way too excited. Aren't you tired at all?
Kasumi: Come on, I love concerts~. Don't you, Arisa?
Arisa: I don't hate them, I guess...
Tae: I'm sure Arisa is going to be rocking her heart out once we get started.
Rimi: I can already imagine it~.
Kasumi: Me too! Look, Arisa is smiling so hard!
Arisa: H-huh? Stop saying whateve-
Saya: Now that face is a keeper.
Arisa: What?! Wh-who said you could take my picture?!
Saya: I'm in charge of photography for this event. I can't let a photo opportunity like that slip by♪
Tae: Saya. I want to do a group photo.
Rimi: Now that you mention it, I don't think we've taken one today.
Kasumi: Then that settles it! Gather around, guys!
Arisa: S-stop pushing me, Kasumi!
Saya: Is a twenty-second timer enough? Let me put the camera on this stand here and...
Kasumi: Ah, it's counting down. Hurry, Saya! Ready, and...
Saya: ... Nice smiles, everyone. Fufu, what a great photo♪
Sayo: All girls band members participating in the after-party concert, please gather backstage.
Kasumi: Ah, that's us! Come on, it's time for another awesome show~!
Poppin'Party: Yeah~!
(White cut)
