event119-06 Chapter 5: Time for a Girl Band Show!

Excitement fills the venue once more as the girls from each school put on a show!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba, Rokka Asahi)

[Athletic Field - Bleachers]

Asuka: I wonder how long it'll take for them to fix the power... Having to wait around for so long is kind of dull~.
LOCK (Rokka): The festival committee said it should take another hour.
Asuka: An hour, huh~?
LOCK (Rokka): S-so, um... Do you want to play shiritori?
Kaoru: ... Salutations, my little kittens. How are you choosing to spend this sudden expanse of free time?
Asuka: Who's that giving the announcement...?
LOCK (Rokka): Is that Kaoru-senpai?
Kaoru: Life is a series of unexpected surprises. I imagine you are all coping in your own various ways. Therefore, I offer this proposal to you.
Kaoru: How would you like to spend these vacant moments with my companions and I? I promise to deliver unto you an unforgettable, heart-pounding experience.
Students in the Crowd: Eek~! Kaoru-sama~!
Kaoru: Fufu, your response is sublime. Now, a fleeting and majestic show is about to begin. Do enjoy yourselves.
Asuka: A show? What does she mean...?
Kokoro: Hello, everyone~! Let's have some fun until the festival is back on track~!
LOCK (Rokka): K-Kokoro-senpai and Misaki-senpai?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Sigh, I never thought I'd be riding a unicycle in a place like this... Especially with so many people staring...
Kokoro: Mmm, how fantast-erific~! Let the juggling begin, Misaki!
Kokoro: We'll start with our level one training exercise! Here goes~!
Misaki: Whoa! Hoh, yoh, hah...!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Fueee, their juggling is amazing as always~. I can't keep track of how many balls they're tossing around~.
Maya: It looks like our show is finally underway! I expect nothing less from Tsurumaki-san and Okusawa-san!
Maya: I had already seen this performance at our talent show, but their routine seems even more refined than before!
Kanon: They've been performing during our concerts too. Misaki-chan can even do it while dressed as Michelle.
Maya: I see~. So this performance was born from days and days of hard work.
Kaoru: Ahhh... Kokoro, Misaki, your routine is ever so fleeting. How far into the realm of dreams do you intend to take us...? Dear audience, do you also wish to know the answer?
Maya: Fufu. The crowd's really into it!
Kanon: Kaoru-san, Kokoro-chan, and Misaki-chan totally turned the mood around. I'm impressed~.
Maya: That they have. It may not be an exaggeration to call their skills supernatural.
Maya: I am looking forward to seeing what other manner of supernatural performances are coming up!
Kanon: Fufu... We'll need to step up our game, then. I can't wait to see your supernatural powers, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huhehe... Understood! I am counting on you too, Matsubara-san! We must do our best to help the performers display their highest level of skill!
Kanon: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Misaki~! We're moving up to level three and level four! Here goes~!
Misaki: Whoa, isn't this way faster than usual?! I can't even see the balls...!
Kokoro: We're not done yet! Crank it up to level five!
Misaki: Level five... Wait, is that the one where we use our heads?! I can't do that yet!
Kokoro: Mmm, this is incredible! We shouldn't be the only ones having this much fun!
Kokoro: I know! Anybody who has a skill they want to show off, come on down! Let's play together!
Misaki: Cut that out. There are people who find this kinda stuff embarrassing.
Kokoro: Oh, and what exactly makes it embarrassing? Everyone has something unique that only they can do!
Kokoro: Every single person in the world is an invincible superhero!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Joint Sports Festival Committee Room]

Kasumi: Kokoron's group is out there doing their stuff. We'd better bring out all the stops too! Yeah...!
Kasumi: Ooo~... My guitar sounds quieter than usual~.
Tae: The bass is off too.
Sayo: As expected, the auxiliary generator is not enough to fully power the amps. Do you still plan to continue with your concert, Toyama-san?
Kasumi: Of course! We can make up for the lack of sound in other areas. Besides, this show is the best way to hype everyone up!
Sayo: Yes, but...
Arisa: Sayo-senpai, you may as well give up. She's already made up her mind.
Arisa: I will do everything I can to keep her from causing a problem. So please allow us to perform.
Arisa: I will take full responsibility should anything happen... Please.
Kasumi: Arisa?!
Sayo: Ichigaya-san...
Saya: Come on, Arisa~. You're not the only one here, you know. We're all a part of this.
Arisa: Saya...
Saya: Fufu, you really can't leave Kasumi alone, can you, Arisa?
Tae: I understand how Arisa feels, honestly. You never know what kind of exciting event will happen with Kasumi around.
Rimi: She always makes me want to see the world through her eyes... Right?
Saya: Yeah, for sure! She has this strange ability to pull you in and make you want to stick around until the very end.
Tae: Uh-huh, it's almost like her supernatural power.
Arisa: Isn't that a bit of a stretch?
Kasumi: You guys...
Kasumi: Right, let's go see that perfect world together!
Sayo: Fufu, it does seem that there is no room for arguments. Very well. Poppin'Party, I leave everything in your hands.
Tsukushi: Okay, you're all up next! Please take your positions.
Mashiro: G-good luck with your show! We wish you the best...!
Kasumi: Thank you~! Time to roll, guys!
Sayo: Hm? Who could that be...? Yes?
