event119-02 Chapter 1: No Rest for the Committee

Poppin'Party does their best as members of the festival committee, but one surprise leads to another...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Athletic Field - Grounds]

Kasumi: Wow, the whole place is abuzz with excitement~! We've only just started, and everyone's already pumped up~.
Arisa: That being said, it's way too crowded... It's hard enough just moving around.
Tae: You think so? Slipping through the crowd reminds me of playing ninja with Eve. I'm having fun.
Rimi: We have to do all our duties in this crowd.
Saya: We have to guide the players around, prepare the equipment, and keep score, right...? We have a lot on our plates~.
Kasumi: Still, the harder we work, the more fun everyone will have at the festival, right?!
Arisa: Well, it'll be pretty exciting if we just make sure things go smoothly.
Kasumi: In that case, let's give it our all for everyone who came!
Rimi, Tae & Saya: Yeah!
Kasumi: Alright~! Festival committee, let's get to work~!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Okay, everyone~! Please wait right here until the competition begins~!
Arisa: That takes care of the long jump players. Up next is~... Guiding the high jump players. Let's go, Kasumi~.
Tsukushi: Um, are you part of the festival committee?! I have a question...!
Mashiro: Huh...? Kasumi-san, Arisa-san?
Kasumi: Ah, Tsukushi-chan, Mashiro-chan! Why are you in such a rush?
Mashiro: W-well... You see, we're supposed to be doing the obstacle course, but...
Tsukushi: We turned away for only a second and somehow lost the group...
Kasumi: Th-that's terrible! We'll take you over to the obstacle course area right away!
Arisa: The obstacle course? Hang on... Ah, it's on the opposite side of the venue. If we take them there, there's no way we'll make it back in time for the player entrances.
Tsukushi: W-would you mind telling us where to go, then? We should be able to handle it from there.
Arisa: You need to head to this spot here on the map... but it's kinda hard to find~.
Mashiro: So we go to this spot near the stands on the west side, right...? Th-the stands on the north side look pretty close too...
Kasumi: Yeah, it's definitely confusing~. Arisa, can't you teleport us there and back?
Arisa: Huh? What in the world are you talking about? As if anything like that exists!
Kasumi: Right~, my bad. In that case, we'd better take them ourselves! It's much easier than trying to explain everything!
Arisa: Yeah, but we don't have time...
Mashiro & Tsukushi: ...
Arisa: Nngh... Argh, alright! Let's just hurry!
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
Tae: Ah, there they are. The hurdles are over here, guys~.
Saya: Nice one, O-Tae!
Rimi: It'll take some time to line them up, so we should probably hurry.
Saya: True... H-huh? Where did that large group of people come from...? Hm, Isn't that...?
Rimi: ...!
Kaoru: Fufu, thank you, my little kittens. My first-place victory was only possible with your assistance.
little kittens: Eek~! Kaoru-sama~!
Kaoru: A legion of voices that stretches beyond our academic institutions... Ahhh, how fleeting.
Tae: Kaoru-san even has a lot of fans outside of Hanasakigawa and Haneoka, huh?
Saya: Wow~... Wait, how are we supposed to get through this crowd?!
Tae: Let's try over this way. It'll take a little longer than normal, but it should still be faster.
Saya: That does sound like our best bet. Let's go!
Rimi: Sigh~. So cool~.
Saya: ... Rimi-rin? H-hurry up~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Athletic Field - Hallway]

Arisa: Sigh, I'm exhausted~. It's pure chaos out there...
Saya: I didn't expect so much to happen. There were multiple times I was sure we weren't going to make it in time.
Arisa: No kidding, we barely made it~. Although, now all we need to do is patrol the venue, so that should be a little easier.
Kasumi: Everyone was so kind and thankful too~. Let's keep this up, guys!
Saya: Fufufu, of course.
Tae: Rimi. We need to head out soon.
Rimi: We do...? Ah, is it that time already?!
Kasumi: Huh?! Rimi-rin, O-Tae, where are you two going...?
Rimi: Sorry, Kasumi-chan. We have to go do the three-legged race.
Arisa: Oh yeah, you were practicing a ton during lunch. Do you think you can win?
Tae: After our special training, yes. Rimi and I have been listening non-stop to prepare for today.
Saya: Special training? Listening to what?
Tae: A song to help sync our timing while we run. We found one with a rhythm that's very easy to follow.
Rimi: We still haven't synced up perfectly since listening to the song, but... it does feel like our timing is better than before.
Tae: We scored a serious level-up.
Tae: And now it's like we're always in a three-legged race.
Kasumi: Ohhh~!
Arisa: ... And what does that have to do with listening to a song?
Kasumi: O-Tae, Rimi-rin, we'll definitely be there to cheer you on! ... We can go, right?
Arisa: The three-legged race starts right in the middle of our break, so I don't see why not.
Tae: Get ready, guys. We'll show you how strong our triple leg combo is.
