event119-03 Chapter 2: Searching For a Sister's Gift

Poppin'Party is making the rounds outside the venue when they encounter a mysterious student...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Athletic Field - Surroundings]

Kasumi: Wow, that takoyaki looks so good~! Ah! They have yakisoba over there, too!
Saya: The venue is really buzzing~. I didn't expect them to have stalls set up too.
Saya: My family should be here by now, so I'll take Jun and Sana to have a look around later.
Arisa: Years ago, some upperclassmen suggested adding vendors to the event. They wanted to spice things up since this only happens once every three years.
Kasumi: No kidding! Thanks so much, upperclassmen! You made this whole thing way more fun~!
Arisa: Hey, everyone's looking at us! Don't make such a ruckus while we're still on the job.
???: Yes, it appears as though that loud outburst scared off the kittens.
???: I will be direct with my dissatisfaction. I finally had the chance to pet those adorable kittens, and I would like that time back.
Saya: Um, may I ask who you are?
Student from Another School: I am no one of importance. Putting that aside, those wristbands... Are you members of the festival committee?
Kasumi: We sure are! Let us know if you need help with anything!
Student from Another School: Very well, I will take you up on that offer and explain as I stave off this overwhelming sadness. I have lost a tin badge that is very precious to me...
Kasumi: What~?! That's awful~! Wait here! I'll go see if I can find it!
Arisa: Huh? Hold up, Kasumi~!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: I'm back~! Is this frog badge here the one that you lost?
Student from Another School: Ah... Yes, it is. I was looking everywhere for it.
Kasumi: Really?! I'm glad we could find it~.
Student from Another School: Yes, as am I. It is the first present I ever received from my big sister.
Student from Another School: And yet, how did you know what the badge looked like? I never had the chance to describe it to you.
Arisa: I sent her the information in our chat.
Student from Another School: Ah... I see. So that is why you requested such a thorough, in-depth description while she was gone.
Arisa: Come on, all I did was ask about your badge! I'm more surprised that you couldn't figure out why I even asked...
Kasumi: Thanks for the information, Arisa!
Arisa: ... Come on, I only did it because you're so careless! What were you going to do if it didn't turn up nearby?
Kasumi: Ah... You've got a point!
Arisa: So now you notice...
Kasumi: Hehehe, I just sort of bolted after hearing how important the badge was~.
Saya: Hahaha! Yep, that's the Kasumi we know♪
Student from Another School: ... You very much resemble my big sister. Like you, she would never hesitate to assist those in need.
Saya: Unable to turn away from people who need help, huh~...? Yeah, they do sound similar! Kasumi can never ignore others.
Arisa: ... Which makes her so hard to keep track of. It'd be nice if she slowed down long enough for us to catch up.
Saya: You say that, but we know you could never leave Kasumi alone either. Isn't that right, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Thanks for always being there, Arisa~!
Arisa: H-huh?! You two can't just say whatever you want!
Student from Another School: Seeing that you are also blessed with exceptional friends has eased my rattled nerves. They were growing stronger as the hour of competition draws near.
Student from Another School: Now then, I must take my leave. Thank you very much for your time.
Arisa: That person was a little odd.
Saya: She did have a rather unique personality~. It looks like she was happy, though.
Kasumi: Uh-huh! I'm so glad we found that badge~.
???: Excuse me. I ask with the most pure of intentions, but are you on the festival committee...?
Arisa: Huh? Y-you're that same girl...!
Saya: Didn't you head towards the field just now...? How did you end up behind us...? Huh? Huh?
Kasumi: Whoa~! It's like she teleported!
The Same Student?: I have no idea what has you so surprised, but I wish to return a lost item... I hand it to you with a genuinely proud expression.
Saya: Th-thanks... What's this? A metal block...?
Kasumi: It's so sparkly! How pretty~!
Arisa: What a strange color. Is it iron? Aluminum? What kind of metal is that?
The Same Student?: I am afraid I cannot answer that question. Now then, I must take my leave.
Arisa: I... don't think she was joking. It's like she really didn't know who we were.
Saya: Do you think they were twins?
Arisa: Oh, that would explain the close resemblance.
Kasumi: Ah~!!
Arisa: Whoa, don't scare me like that! What are you yelling for...?
Saya: Wh-what's wrong, Kasumi...?
Kasumi: Look over there! That girl is over at the ice cream stand now...!
Saya: She is! I guess that means they're triplets...
Arisa: N-no, there are four of them. I see one more over there...
Saya: I've heard that if something has already happened twice, it's bound to happen a third time... Do you think there are even more of them?
Arisa: I really don't think that's possible...
Kasumi: Huh? Over there, is that...?
Arisa: No way, that's not possible~. Huh...? It can't be, right...?
(Black cut)
