event119-05 Chapter 4: Save the Sports Festival!

Kasumi is saddened when lightning causes the festival to be halted, but she comes up with a plan...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Athletic Field - Grounds Entrance]

Kasumi: When do you think this rain will stop~? Everyone was having such a good time~.
Arisa: Man, it was super noisy earlier, but now that the whole stadium is quiet, I can't relax.
Rimi: Hang on, I'll check the weather report and see what's going on... Ah, it looks like the storm is just passing through. It should clear up in about fifteen minutes or so.
Kasumi: For real?! If only it would let up sooner... Hmm! Nnngh~...!
Saya: What are you doing, Kasumi?
Kasumi: I'm focusing all my power into stopping this rain!
Tae: I'll try too!
Arisa: Come on, as if that would-
Rimi: Eek~!
Arisa: Was that lightning?! It sounded pretty close too...
Tae: Ah, the power went out.
Arisa: S-seriously?!
Saya: Calm down, everyone. For now, let's try to find out what's going on.
Kasumi: R-right. We should go back to the committee room!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Joint Sports Festival Committee Room]

Kasumi: Huh~?! The sports festival has been put on hold~?!
Rinko: Y-yes... That recent bolt of lightning... seems to have... damaged the electrical equipment...
Sayo: A team is currently working on repairs. While we have switched to auxiliary power, only the necessary systems are running.
Arisa: How long do you think it will take to fix?
Tsugumi: At least one hour, according to the repair team...
Kasumi: Th-that long?!
Rimi: U-um, is there anything we can do to help?!
Rinko: For now... All you can do is wait... while we draft... a new schedule...
Kasumi: Arisa, what do you think is gonna happen~? I don't want the sports festival to get canceled~.
Arisa: Huh? It'll get back on track once the power is restored, so why are you even worried?
Rimi: I kind of understand how Kasumi-chan feels. Even if the festival starts back up, it just won't be the same...
Tae: All that excitement will be gone.
Kasumi: Exactly! You read my mind~. I'm sure the festival will heat back up eventually, but this is our only chance to enjoy the present!
Arisa: Well, I guess I can see where you're coming from... But what can we do about it?
Saya: If only there was some other way to energize everyone, even without the sports festival.
Kasumi: Some other way... Saya, that's it! We should put on a concert!
Tae: Great idea, Kasumi! We already brought our instruments, so we can get the show started right away.
Arisa: Hold it, hold it! How do you expect to use our amps with no power?!
Rimi: Ah... Do you think we could borrowed some of the back-up power?
Sayo: Wait a minute. I understand wanting to preserve the energy of the festival, but...
Rinko: The festival committee... already has its hands full with the power outage... so we can't spare any people... to help with a concert...
Hina: In that case, why don't we get everyone to lend a hand?
Tsugumi: Who are you referring to?
Hina: I mean Aya-chan, Ran-chan, Kokoro-chan, and all their bands!
Hina: If we do that, then our show will not only feature a Poppin'Party concert, but a whole bunch of other acts. That way it'll feel like a real event!
Kasumi: Leave it to Hina-san to come up with such a great idea~! Together we'll keep the party going until the festival starts back up~!
Tsugumi: True, we could pull it off if everyone pitches in... I'll message Ran-chan and the others!
Hina: Oh, that's our Tsugurific Tsugu-chan~. I'll text Aya-chan and my group. Can you handle your end, Sis?
Sayo: I swear...
Kasumi: I'll get in touch with Kokoron and the others!
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Kokoro: Kasumi! We'll keep the venue lively until the festival is back in action!
Kaoru: A talented actor can perform on any stage... It is... but that.
Mashiro: I-I heard everything from Rui-san. We'll do everything we can to not get in your way!
Maya: Please leave the preparations to me! Now is the time to show off my skills as a stagehand!
Kanon: Kasumi-chan, what should we do first?
Kasumi: Thanks so much, everyone! I will now explain how this show's gonna work!
