event119-01 Opening: The Sports Festival Begins!

As members of the committee for the joint sports festival, Poppin'Party is determined to make the event a success.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Joint Sports Festival Committee Room]

Sayo: Schools from all over the area will be gathering for today's sports festival. I know it will be hard, but let's make it a successful one. I am counting on everyone's support.
Kasumi: We won't let you down~!
Tsugumi: Here are the time schedules for all of the schools, as well as wristbands for committee members! Please take one if you haven't already~!
Kasumi: Mmm, so the big day is finally here~!
Arisa: Jeez, you get excited over every little thing. Did you see how many people are out there? It's nuts...
Kasumi: Yeah, because it's the big sports festival! Haneoka, Tsukinomori, and so many other schools are here to play!
Kasumi: You can't expect me to stay calm with that going on~.
Tae: I'm excited too. And these gym clothes are cool.
Saya: The fact that they made special outfits really shows you how important this event is. It only happens once every three years, after all.
Arisa: Yeah, they even reserved this athletic field.
Rimi: That's so cool~. I was so surprised when Arisa-chan first told me~.
Sayo: That is proof of how much effort all the schools are putting into this joint sports festival. It also makes me appreciate our volunteer staff.
Tsugumi: The student council and disciplinary committee alone wouldn't be enough to host such a big event. Thanks for lending a hand, everyone!
Kasumi: No problem at all~. We're helping out because we want to!
Tae: Arisa was staying late every day to work on preparations.
Kasumi: We just knew we had to help out~.
Arisa: H-huh? I don't get why that would make you want to help, but whatever.
Saya: Oh, there's a nice face to see! Look over here, Arisa~.
Arisa: Hey, you'd better not be taking my picture with that!
Tsugumi: Saya-chan, that is one heavy-duty camera you have there.
Saya: Oh, this? I borrowed it from the school.
Rimi: Saya-chan is going to be juggling both committee duties and photographing the event.
Arisa: Being a committee member on its own is tough enough. It takes guts to try handling both.
Saya: I guess so... I just want to have something to look back on fondly with you guys.
Kasumi: Take as many pictures as you can, Saya~! I'll help you!
Tae: Me too!
Saya: Fufufu, thanks.
Sayo: There is nothing wrong with having fun, but the success of the festival is riding on us as members of the festival committee.
Sayo: Please keep the meaning behind these wristbands in mind.
Kasumi: Okay!
Hina: Sis~! What're you guys talking about?
Sayo: Nothing. We are simply discussing the sports festival.
Hina: Hmmm. Ah, by the way, are you free during the after-party?
Sayo: Yes. Aside from the concert, I have nothing else planned...
Hina: Then let's hang out together~! After the show, we can meet up and walk around!
Arisa: Right, the concert~. I never thought it would be happening at the stadium.
Kasumi: I can't wait~. It's going to be so awesome putting on a show with everyone!
Rimi: Tsugumi-chan, you said that this was originally Hina-san's idea, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah. She said we should do something special since this event only happens once every three years.
Tae: As always, nice thinking, Hina-san!
Hina: What do you think, Sis~? Come chill with me~.
Sayo: I swear... Are you not assisting Shirokane-san with the sportsmanship pledge soon? Focus on your duties and leave the rest for later.
Hina: I've got it covered~! Rinko-chan and I already went over it earlier.
Arisa: Hazawa-san and I were also there. The meeting finished without any problems.
Sayo: I suppose that is fine, then... However, Hina, make sure you take this seriously. Understood?
Hina: Okay~!
Kasumi: We're looking forward to seeing you give the pledge, Hina-san!
Hina: Roger that! Sit back and watch me handle it like a pro~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Opening Ceremony - Sportsmanship Pledge]

Rinko: Though we come from different schools... by participating in this year's sports festival... we strive to better understand and appreciate our peers... and recognize each other as equals...
Hina: So keep good sportsmanship in mind, and, um~... show off all those great friendships we've formed along the way~!
Rinko: Huh...? H-Hina-san... that isn't what we-...
Hina: So let's bust out all those little successes that brought us this far, come together as a group, and make this the most boppin' festival we can~♪
Kasumi: Yeah~!
Arisa: N-no way... She totally ad-libbed the last half...
Sayo: Sigh, that girl...
