event14-07 Ending: Commemorative Beach Hut Photo

The girls finish helping Aya at the beach hut, and Rinko receives a certain something from the store manager.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Aya Maruyama, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Beach Hut]

Aya: Thank you very much~! Please come again~!
Lisa: That was the last customer, right? Phew~, we really worked hard out there~!
Rinko: We really did...
Manager: Thanks, everyone! And sorry for making you help all the way until the end...
Himari: It's okay! I'm glad we could help!
Manager: You guys really saved the day. I owe you, so if there's anything on the menu you'd like to eat, just let me know! Don't hold back.
Ako: Really?! Okay, I'll have yakisoba, okonomiyaki, and a shaved ice desert!
Lisa: I'll have ramen! Oh, and a crepe to go with it!
Aya: Come sit over here, you guys! This table has the best view of the ocean!
Lisa: Wow~! The view is great from here. I was so busy cooking that I didn't even realize.
Himari: Ooh, look! The sunset is so pretty~!
Aya: Ehehe, isn't this just the perfect spot? C'mon, sit, sit!
Ako: I'm so hungry~! Itadakimasu~!
Aya: Go ahead! C'mon everyone, let's eat!
Lisa: Itadakimasu~♪ Mmm, this is so good~!
Himari: You're really good at cooking, Lisa-senpai!
Himari: I was watching you while I was working the tables, but I was surprised how quick you were with everything!
Lisa: No way~, that's not true~! Besides, you were amazing too, Himari! I don't know how you can keep being so smiley and energetic like that♪
Himari: That was just, you know... Aya-san always had my back, which made it really easy out there... Ehehe, thank you~!
Aya: I-I didn't do anything special. Seeing Ako-chan having so much fun made me feel like I had to do the same thing, so...
Himari: I know what you mean! Ako-chan's huge smile made everything so bright and cheerful.
Ako: Really?! Ehehe, that makes me so happy~♪
Himari: Ako-chan, that was amazing for your first time! You could totally work at a restaurant, you know~?
Lisa: Rinko worked just as hard too though. I couldn't have done it without her! Thanks, Rinko♪
Rinko: ... Huh... b-but... I-I only... made drinks...
Himari: You got quicker and quicker at making the drinks, which was a big help for us when we delivered the orders!
Lisa: She wasn't very confident at first, but once she got used to it, she did everything so smoothly. It was amazing~♪
Ako: Yeah! The customers really liked all the drinks Rin-rin made too!
Ako: I even heard them say the Claws of the White Dragon float was more impressive than the photo!
Rinko: I thought... the Claws of the White Dragon... needed to look intense, so...
Rinko: (I-I thought I was slowing everyone down... I'm so glad... the customers were happy...)
Manager: Okay, sorry for the wait. One crepe, and one shaved ice.
Ako: Yay~! Thank you~!
Manager: This is for you, Rinko-chan... as thanks for today. You wanted one of these, right?
Rinko: Oh... the limited item code... How did you know... I wanted this...?
Manager: I could tell when I saw the drinks you made, Rinko-chan. You took lots of care with each one, which shows how much you really love this game.
Ako: Wow, you're like a detective! I'm so glad you got your code, Rin-rin!
Rinko: M-me too... Th-thank you very much... for the item code...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach]

Himari: Mmm...! The sunset looked really nice from the beach hut, but it's even better from outside~!
Lisa: ... We didn't actually end up spending that much time on the beach, but this has turned out to be a great memory in its own way.
Himari: I think so too! It's not like we got to totally let loose today, but it was so much fun working together like that!
Ako: Me too! It was really fun serving the meals! How was it for you, Rin-rin?
Rinko: It was... a first experience... for me...
Rinko: I really... enjoyed it...
Lisa: Rinko... Ehehe, I'm glad to hear it♪
Aya: I had a really fun day as manager today and it's all because of you guys. Thank you so much!
Himari: Oh! Why don't we take a group photo to remember all this?
Lisa: Nice~♪
Ako: Yeah, great idea~!
Aya: How about we take it with the sunset in the background?
Himari: Let's do it! Okay, everyone, get ready!
Lisa: Wait! You're not in the photo, Himari! I'll just stretch my arm out like this and... it should work! C'mon, Rinko, over here!
Rinko: (I had... so much fun today... I'm really glad... I was brave... and came to the beach...)
Lisa: Okay, everyone! Squeeze in closer~! I'm gonna take it now! Smile~!
(White cut)
