78_Eve Wakamiya_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: I don't need to drop by the agency today, so... I think I'll just go straight to the live house.
Eve: I wonder if the others are already there... I can't wait to see them.
Maya: Oh, Eve-san! Hello.
Eve: Maya-san! Are you on your way to the live house?
Maya: Yes, that's right. You too, Eve-san?
Eve: Yes, I'm going straight there.
Maya: This is the crossroad between our two schools, isn't it?
Maya: I was just thinking there's a surprising number of people in different uniforms around here.
Eve: Now that you mention it... There's a lot of people in uniforms from other schools...
Eve: ... Everyone looks like they're having so much fun...
Maya: What's the matter, Eve-san?
Eve: It's nothing... It's just that I've never walked home from school with someone like that before. I was thinking it looks really fun...
Maya: ...
Maya: Eve-san, why don't we walk to the studio together? We can talk along the way, just like them!
Eve: ...! I'd love to! Let's go!
Maya: Huhehe... Okay then, let's head to the studio.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: That reminds me, you came to Japan from Finland on a study abroad program, right?
Maya: How are you finding Japan? Are you getting used to life here?
Eve: I can't say that I'm completely used to everything just yet, but I learned a lot about Japanese culture while I was in Finland, so I knew about most customs before coming here.
Eve: There is a big difference between learning things and experiencing them, so there's still a lot of things I don't understand.
Eve: But it's so much fun when I finally understand...! Everyday holds something new for me!
Eve: The most interesting thing these days is working as an idol! It's so exciting!
Maya: I think I can kind of relate. I never imagined I would be a member of a band.
Maya: Well... the frilly outfit we wear is more embarrassing than it is exciting, mind you...
Eve: I was surprised by our outfit as well!
Eve: When I was a model, I wore all kinds of clothes, but this is the first time I've ever worn something with so many frills. It's really fun!
Maya: Haha... it's nice how everyone is wearing matching outfits though, don't you think? The colors are different, but the design itself is the same for everyone.
Maya: Wearing matching outfits like that... kinda makes you feel like you're part of something...
Maya: Huhehe... It makes me really happy.
Eve: Being part of something...?
Maya: Ah, did that sound kind of cheesy? I really felt like that when I saw our outfits, though.
Maya: Everyone has their own color, but we have the one design... Wearing it makes me feel like we're really bandmates.
Eve: Bandmates...!
Eve: Maya-san, that's a lovely expression!
Maya: You like it? I feel a little bit embarrassed now~.
Eve: There's nothing to be embarrassed about! Your words really touched my heart!
Maya: Now you're just over exaggerating. I'm really going to start feeling shy if you keep complimenting me.
Eve: Don't be shy, Maya-san!
Eve: We're bandmates!
Maya: Okay, then let's hurry on to the live house. I'm sure our other bandmates are waiting for us.
Eve: Of course!!


<Stake Everything One Has!>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Now to purge my mind of thoughts... *murmur*...
Eve: ... Oh, hello!
Eve: Huh? You're wondering what I was doing?
Eve: I was focusing my mind before going on stage! Like a kind of meditation!
Eve: I always get nervous before we perform, so I like to do this and clear my mind.
Eve: Phew... I feel calm now.
Eve: You like my outfit too, {{userName}}-san? Ehehe, thank you very much!
Eve: The contrast between the purple and the white is so nice! I really like it too.
Eve: When I put this outfit on, I always feel really excited and just get filled with so much energy...
Eve: We all wear matching outfits in different colors, so it really makes me feel like I'm a part of Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: So what I mean is, this outfit is like my battle armor!
Eve: And the stage is our battlefield...! Where the cry of Pastel＊Palettes' soul and the cheers of the audience collide!
Eve: A battle for the greatest honor!
Eve: You felt moved just now? And you're going to do everything you can to match my motivation?
Eve: Th-thank you very much! That makes me so happy! I'll keep doing my best!
Eve: Ehehe... It cheers me up when you say things like that!
Eve: I mean, it's because of the fans...
Eve: And all of the staff that we are able to shine on stage! So... ah, look at the time...!
Eve: I'm sorry. It's almost time for our show!
Eve: If you have time, watch over us from backstage. I want you to witness our bravery...!
