79_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Samurai Help Each Other

Gacha phrase: This is my hug of true love!

<Ladylike Greeting!>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Chisato-san~! Good morning!!
Chisato: Kyaaa!!
Chisato: G-good morning...
Chisato: ... Um... Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes?
Chisato: What... was that all about?
Eve: Just now...? That was a hug
Chisato: Yes, that hug. Every time you see someone, you hug them, don't you?
Eve: That's right. Can't I do that? It's a type of greeting!
Chisato: That's true, but... hmm, how do I put this...?
Chisato: Don't you think it's about time you learned to greet people in the Japanese way?
Eve: Uh...
Eve: Um... you don't like being hugged? Did I make you feel uncomfortable, Chisato-san?
Chisato: No, it's not that...
Eve: If you don't feel uncomfortable, that means it's okay to hug you then, right? Hugs are an important way of greeting people!
Chisato: Like I said, that's true... It's just...
Eve: Chisato-san...?
Chisato: (... What am I supposed to say to those puppy-dog eyes...?)
Chisato: ... No, it's nothing. Don't worry about it.
Eve: But you looked like you wanted to say something, Chisato-san. Should I stop hugging?
Chisato: No, it's not that you have to stop doing it...
Eve: Should I learn the Japanese way of greeting people that you were just talking about?
Chisato: Y-yes. I think that would be a good idea.
Chisato: Just like how it was when you were a model, there are a lot of people involved behind the scenes when we have our performances.
Chisato: I think it would be easier to greet them in the Japanese way, instead of hugging every single person you come across.
Eve: I see... Okay! Please initiate me in the ways of Japanese greetings!
Chisato: I-initiate you...?
Eve: Chisato-san! I beg you! You must teach me the way!
Chisato: Umm... for the time being, no hugging. Just move closer to the person, and bow to them.
Eve: Bow... How should I do that?
Chisato: Just smile, and lower your head a little. That's all you have to do to convey how you feel.
Eve: Wow! It's just like what a Japanese beauty would do!
Chisato: Some people will be a little surprised to be hugged all of a sudden, so I think this is a better option.
Eve: I understand! I'll give it a try!
Eve: Move one step backwards...
Eve: Smile, and lower my head a little... Like this?
Chisato: Very good. Why don't you try greeting people like that from now on?
Eve: I will! Thank you very much!
Eve: I'll bow to everyone! Just like a Japanese beauty would!
Chisato: (She's so pure and honest... But in a different way to Hina-chan...)
Chisato: ... Fufu.
Chisato: (... I'm surprised at myself. I never thought I'd be shaken just by seeing that sad look on her face...)
Chisato: (I guess I'm becoming a lot more attached to the members of Pastel＊Palettes than I thought I would.)
Eve: Chisato-san? Is there something else on your mind?
Chisato: No, it's nothing.
Chisato: I was just a little surprised at myself... It's nothing, really.
Eve: I'm not sure I understand, but I'm glad you look happy!
Chisato: Happy... I wonder if that's what I feel... I'm not sure myself. Is that how I seem to you?
Eve: Yes, it is!
Chisato: I see... I suppose I must be happy then.
Eve: Is it because I learned how to bow? Is that why you're happy, Chisato-san?
Chisato: ... I guess so. Let's leave it at that.
Eve: Ehehe, I'm happy too! Chisato-san, thank you so much for teaching me how to bow!


<Happy Pastel＊Palettes>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Hm-hm-hmm~♪
Eve: Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Eve: What a coincidence to see you here!
Eve: What are you doing?
Eve: ... Shopping? Fufu, the same as me!
Eve: I thought I might be able to find something new, so I decided to do some shopping!
Eve: ... That's right! As they say, your time has come, so do you mind if we chat for a while?
Eve: ... Really? Great, thank you!
Eve: Well then, umm...
Eve: Do you like period dramas?
Eve: Huh? The Seven... somethings?
Eve: Yes, exactly! Shows like that!
Eve: I think period dramas are the perfect way to learn about bushido!
Eve: ... What exactly is bushido?
Eve: Ahh... umm, well...
Eve: I'm sorry... I'm actually not an expert on all things bushido...
Eve: Oh, but there is one thing I am certain of!
Eve: Show consideration, and respect your opponent...!
Eve: I believe this is a part of bushido!
Eve: Huh? You think believing is important？
Eve: Yes! So do I!
Eve: That day really made me realize that believing is important...
Eve: ... What do I mean, that day?
Eve: Oh, that's right. You don't know what happened, do you {{userName}}-san?
Eve: That day is the day that Aya-san and Chisato-san had an argument.
Eve: Chisato-san said that hard work doesn't always reward you... Or something similar to that.
Eve: Of course, I know she wasn't trying to be mean when she said it.
Eve: But for Aya-san, who has always kept working really hard, those words must have been painful to hear...
Eve: Despite that, she didn't give up.
Eve: She kept practicing really hard, and continued moving forward!
Eve: ... What about Chisato-san? She... didn't come to practice much before or after the argument.
Eve: I'm sure her work schedule just got in the way...
Eve: But even so, Aya-chan and the rest of us kept practicing while we waited for her.
Eve: We believed in Chisato-san...
Eve: What happened next, um... I think only those two know the details…
Eve: But it seems they were able to sort everything out, and Chisato-san started coming to practice again!
Eve: ... I was so relieved.
Eve: But... to be honest, I was equally as anxious the whole time.
Eve: What if Chisato-san never came back...?
Eve: What would happen... if Chisato-san left Pastel＊Palettes...?
Eve: I just couldn't get this out of my head...
Eve: But as I said, Aya-chan never gave up.
Eve: And that's because she truly believes that hard work will bring rewards.
Eve: So I decided to believe as well.
Eve: That Chisato-san would come back to us... I decided to learn from Aya-san and her iron will...
Eve: ... *gasp*
Eve: I-I'm sorry, I haven't stopped talking...
Eve: ... There's something I'm certain of now.
Eve: We're all friends. And believing in one another is what friends do.
Eve: Not in a bushido way, but it's just a normal thing for people to do, isn't it?
Eve: ... Yes, you think so too, don't you?
Eve: ... Huh? Pastel＊Palettes is lucky to have someone caring like me?
Eve: R-really? Ehehe... thank you very much!
Eve: I'm really glad I met you and the others, {{userName}}-san!
