104_Eve Wakamiya_R2 Longing For Sakura

<Japanese Culture>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪
Rimi: Oh, hi, Eve-chan. You look happy today.
Eve: Oh, Rimi-san! I didn't realize you were there... Sorry.
Rimi: I-it's nothing to apologize about. Were you getting ready for club activities?
Eve: That’s right. I have flower arrangement today. I was thinking about the other day while I was preparing, and I couldn't help but smile...
Rimi: The other day... Do you mean the sakura party?
Eve: That's right! How did you know?
Rimi: Well, you just looked so happy so I thought it must've been the party. I had a really good time too.
Eve: To tell the truth, ever since the sakura party my flower arrangement teacher has started praising me! She said my arrangements look nicer now!
Rimi: Wow, that's great, Eve-chan.
Rimi: No wonder you're smiling so much. I'm happy for you too.
Eve: Ehehe, thank you! It wouldn't have happened without everyone's kindness!
Rimi: You don't need to thank us... We didn't do anything special.
Eve: That's not true! You invited me to my first sakura party!
Eve: It was something I had always wanted to experience...
Rimi: The sakura were really pretty that day, huh...?
Eve: They were... I'll never forget how beautiful they were.
Rimi: Or how much fun we had, right?
Eve: That's right! That reminds me, do you remember this poem we learned in class?
Eve: Umm... "In the peaceful light Of the ever-shining sun In the days of spring, Why do the sakura's new-blown blooms Scatter like restless thoughts?"
Rimi: Oh, that's Hyakunin Isshu. You memorized it, huh? We did that in classic literature class.
Rimi: It basically means... Why do sakura fall even on peaceful spring days, right?
Eve: Exactly! There's one more that I memorized...
Eve: "Color of the flower Has already faded away, While in idle thoughts My life passes vainly by, As I watch the long rains fall."
Rimi: That one is Ono no Komachi.
Rimi: I think in this one she compared the fading sakura to her aging...
Eve: You're amazing, Rimi-san! You know everything!
Rimi: Th-that's not true. I just happened to remember those ones…
Eve: I find it fascinating.
Rimi: ... Fascinating? What do you mean?
Eve: Well, both poems are about sakura fading and falling, right?
Rimi: Yeah, that's true...
Eve: I always felt that sakura were best in full bloom.
Eve: But after the sakura party, I think I understood why.
Eve: Sakura are beautiful because they eventually fall. Seeing them at the party made me understand this!
Eve: Japanese culture is truly deep!
Rimi: Fufu, you really love Japan, don't you Eve-chan?
Eve: Of course! I want to gain an even deeper understanding of the Japanese spirit!
Rimi: ... In that case, why don't we do this? A sakura party, next year, with the same group.
Eve: Really?! I'm so happy you said that! We have to do it!
Rimi: Yeah, it's a promise! I'm sure you'll make new discoveries next time too.
Eve: When shall we have the party next year?! Hmm, the sakura usually bloom in...
Rimi: Fufu... There's no need to rush. Oni laugh when you speak of tomorrow, you know?
Eve: ... What? The oni... will laugh? Wh-what does that mean?!
Rimi: Oh... uh, w-well... it's a Japanese proverb...
Eve: Are there oni in Japan? That's amazing, Rimi-san!
Eve: The oni laugh... Hmm~, it sounds so scary~! Japanese culture is so deep!
Rimi: (Oh no... I think I just put strange ideas in Eve-chan's head..)


<Yearning For Sakura>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Oh! {{userName}}-san! Are you heading to the studio?
Eve: I have practice there today! Let's walk together!
Eve: Just the other day, I took part in a sakura party at Kokoro-san's house! I had a truly wonderful time!
Eve: When I was in Finland I had always wanted to see the sakura here.
Eve: Of course, I had seen them on TV or in photos, but I was so moved to see real sakura for the first time with my own eyes!
Eve: The sakura bloomed throughout Kokoro's garden... Even now it still feels like something from a dream!
Eve: But I must say, Kokoro-san's house was really big! Did you know that?!
Eve: Even in Finland, it's not often that you can find houses that big.
Eve: She said there were all kinds of things inside her house too, including a Japanese sword...!
Eve: Unfortunately, I didn't get to see it...
Eve: *sigh*... I really wanted to take a look at it...
Eve: She said that it was owned by a historical figure, but in the end I didn't get to find out who...
Eve: Now I am really curious who it was. It might have been... a famous samurai!
Eve: ... I should ask next time I go there? Yes! I definitely will!
Eve: I'm sure that sword could slice through falling flower petals!
Eve: ... You can tell that I had a lot of fun? Yes! It's true! It's as if what I was worried about before coming to Japan wasn't even real...!
Eve: I was anxious that... I wouldn't be able to make friends here.
Eve: But it seems I didn't need to worry! I haven't been in Japan for a very long time, but I've already made so many friends!
Eve: Oh! I should invite my friends from Finland and my friends from Japan to have a sakura party next year!
Eve: I want everyone back in Finland to see...
Eve: The Japanese sakura... and my Japanese friends!
