138_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Model Mode

<To Each Their Own>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Park]

Eve: Phew... It's such nice weather today~.
Maya: It really is... I can't see a single cloud in the sky... It's the perfect day to do laundry…
Chisato: The sun is nice and warm. I can feel myself getting sleepy...
Eve: There is something charming about relaxing in a park like this, isn't there?
Chisato: Charming or not, it feels great to soak up the sun like this.
Eve: I wish we had brought lunch! With rice balls and pickled daikon wrapped in bamboo leaves would be perfect!
Chisato: Fufu, that sounds just like a lunch from a fairy tale.
Eve: Eating in the park together. I can't think of a happier way to have lunch!
Maya: You're right, that sounds really good...
Maya: *sigh*... It's so nice out here, it's too bad Aya-san and Hina-san couldn't join us...
Chisato: Aya-chan had an appointment to get her hair done, and Hina-chan is shopping for a telescope with Kokoro-chan, apparently.
Eve: If they already had plans, it can't be helped.
Eve: It's kind of new for us three to spend time together! This is fun!
Maya: That's true, I'm enjoying it too!
Chisato: Fufu, I guess you're right.
Maya: Oh... by the way.
Eve: Yes? What is it?
Maya: Oh, I was just thinking back... After the Marmalade concert, you told us about your time as a model, right Eve-san?
Maya: I used to think that models and modeling was something dazzling.
Maya: Lots of beautiful people all looking gorgeous and having a great time...
Maya: But after hearing your stories, I felt that there was something lonely about it.
Maya: It kind of made me think it's actually a difficult line of work...
Eve: Ahaha... I suppose it is.
Eve: But I'm sure it's not like that for every model!
Eve: That's just how it was around me at the time...
Chisato: That's true, they're not all like that, but... they're never entirely different either.
Maya: Have you had similar experiences before, Chisato-san?
Chisato: You could say that.
Chisato: Now that I think about it, I was manipulated by the jealousy and prejudices of adults when I was a child actress.
Maya: What? I thought child actors and actresses were always fawned over...
Chisato: There was a time when that happened, of course.
Chisato: But no matter how hard you try, it's impossible to escape the rumors and whispers.
Maya: Wow... I don't know what to say...
Maya: If was in either of those positions, I don't think I'd be able to handle the stress...
Chisato: But Eve-chan found her way to Pastel＊Palettes because she was a model.
Chisato: Maya-chan, you were a drummer, and I was a child actress... No matter what we were in the past, I have no regrets joining Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: Your life as a model, and your life as a drummer. I think both of these paths you chose are things to be proud of.
Eve: Thank you!
Eve: I love the environment that I'm in now!
Eve: Back then I wasn't able to build any relationships based on trust, but now I have that with everyone here!
Eve: Hina-san, Aya-san, Maya-san, and Chisato-san! I am so grateful that I was able to find special friends like you!
Maya: I agree... I think we are able to be here like this right now because the things we previously did put us here!
Eve: I don't want to take this special friendship for granted, so I will keep working as hard as I can!
Maya: That's the spirit, Eve-san!
Chisato: You're going to do the same as well, aren't you, Maya-chan?
Maya: O-of course! I'll be doing my job on the drums at full power!
Chisato: Fufu. I guess I'll have to give it my best as well then.


<My Past, My Present>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Studio]

Eve: In death, you will be forgotten... In death, you will be forgotten...!
Eve: In death, you will be forgo-... Oh! {{userName}}-san!
Eve: Hm? You want to know what I was whispering?
Eve: I was copying the narration from a period drama!
Eve: It was a phrase used in a period drama that I watched after we went to see Aya-san's favorite idol group's last concert...
Eve: ... Oh, I know! Can I tell you about something, {{userName}}-san?
Eve: Just the other day, the group that inspired Aya-san to become an idol broke up.
Eve: Aya-san was really depressed when she heard they were going to break up... She couldn't focus during rehearsal, she was like an empty shell.
Eve: I was so worried about her. It hurt to see Aya-san so detached...
Eve: That's when Chisato-san saved the day!
Eve: We waited until we knew Aya-san had gone to the concert, and then we all went to the concert hall as well!
Eve: Thanks to Chisato-san, we were able to introduce Aya-san to Ayumi-san after the concert!
Eve: Aya-san panicked a little when she met the person she has admired for so long, but she also looked really happy.
Eve: She was so moved when Ayumi-san gave her encouragement, and when I saw that I felt so happy for her!
Eve: ... To be honest, seeing Aya-san so depressed like that reminded me of my life before I met Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: I used to be a model, but it was lonely working on my own...
Eve: I had only just arrived in Japan, and I didn't have any friends. All of the other models were much prettier than me...
Eve: I felt so alone...
Eve: But that's when I met the other members of Pastel＊Palettes, and the world around me suddenly changed!
Eve: Now my world shines brightly when I'm with the others! It really feels like a new life!
Eve: All the fans who smile when they hear our songs, and the people like you, {{userName}}-san, who support us behind the scenes!
Eve: I am so happy that I met all of you!
Eve: If I hadn't joined Pastel＊Palettes, I might have been alone forever...
Eve: If I hadn't met Aya-san, Chisato-san, Hina-san or Maya-san...
Eve: Aww... I don't even want to think about it!
Eve: If it wasn't for Pastel＊Palettes, I wouldn't be the person I am now!
Eve: I am so thankful that they asked me to join them, and made me one of their own!
Eve: I'm really glad I joined Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: There are a lot of hard things about being in a band, and sometimes I feel really down, but...
Eve: The smiles of the fans are important to me…
Eve: And so are the other members of Pastel＊Palettes, so I will keep giving it my best for them!
Eve: They found me and gave me a chance, so I will push through any kind of harsh training for them!
Eve: Hmm? I have a strong sense of duty and friendship...?
Eve: No, I think this is only natural!
Eve: It's normal to thank someone for helping you, isn't it?
Eve: Bushido begins with courtesy and ends with courtesy...
Eve: So I must return the courtesy to Pastel＊Palettes in full!
Eve: I am happy right now. The members of the group are like family to me, and the fans that support us...
Eve: Both groups of people are special to me!
Eve: I must work as hard as I can, for myself and for everyone I care about!
Eve: Which means I'll do my best at practice after this too~! Osu!
