162_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Bouquet of Sincerity

Gacha phrase: Yes, Chisato-san was incredibly hard-working!

<Model & Performer>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Chisato: (I should probably get home. Time really flies just reading a book at the library.)
？？？: Chisato-san~!
Chisato: Huh? Is someone calling me...?
Eve: Over here~!
Chisato: Ahh, Eve-chan. Headed home?
Eve: Yep. Do you wanna walk together?
Chisato: Sure. Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Eve: The show you performed in the other day was so~ good!
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan.
Eve: I had only seen your acting on TV before, so I was really surprised to see how tough those rehearsals were and how much effort you put!
Eve: It's like every rehearsal is a duel.
Chisato: Yeah. The time you have to practice with the other actors and actresses is limited, so we have to be sure not to waste it.
Eve: There was one more thing that surprised me... You became so much better by opening night! You were like a different person!
Chisato: Really? I'm happy to hear that.
Eve: I couldn't believe you improved that much over such a short period of time!
Eve: And because of you, I think the others had no choice but to get better as well! Thanks to your great acting!
Chisato: Fufu, I hope so. A lot of the time, I feel like other actors and actresses are pushing me to work harder too.
Eve: Ohh, okay. Do you do a lot of thinking about these things during rehearsal? 'Cause I think there are some secrets to being a successful actress!
Chisato: Hmm, well... I only started this recently, but I've been trying to have more open communication with other performers.
Chisato: We talk about our thoughts on the scene, how we think it should be performed, how to be in sync with each other...
Chisato: And by doing that, they teach me things I wouldn't have realized on my own, and I make new discoveries.
Chisato: Besides, you can't make a show with only one person, and it's not like TV where you can fix your mistakes, so understanding each other is essential.
Eve: I see! And so everyone can bring out their own style of acting in order to put on an incredible show!
Eve: Good thing I was there to see it all.
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad you had fun.
Chisato: Eve-chan, aren't there times like that for you as well? Where you're influenced by the other models around you?
Eve: Hmm~... I never really thought about it. Up until now, I've only really had photoshoots where I'm all by myself.
Chisato: Really? Why's that?
Eve: So I had a lot of friends in Finland, but since moving here, I haven't really been able to get close anyone... And there hasn't been much chance to talk with the other models...
Chisato: Oh...
Eve: And the photoshoots are usually only a day long, so there's not a lot of time to talk to the cameraman either...
Eve: But hearing what you just said makes me feel like there are still things left for me to try!
Eve: If I can do something to influence the other models or the cameraman, they may start to think differently, and maybe we'll take better pictures!
Chisato: Yeah, that's right. You can do it, Eve-chan.
Eve: I'll do my best! I just have to change my approach.
Eve: Oh, I'm having a photoshoot the week after next. I'd really like you to be there, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Mhm, I'd love to go. I've had pictures taken here and there for work, but I'm sure that's much different than professional modeling.
Eve: But you know, performer and models do have something in common.
Chisato: What's that?
Eve: They both have to act!
Eve: When you're wearing something cute, you have to look happy and smile, but if the clothes are more stylish, you have to be able to play it cool!
Chisato: Ahh. Now that you mention it, yeah.
Eve: That's why I want you to come and watch. I'm sure you'll see modeling in a whole different light!
Chisato: Alright, I look forward to it. And maybe we can use what we learn from work to make Pastel＊Palettes better. At least I hope we can.
Eve: Me too!


<Attitude Towards Work>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Downtown]

Eve: Uhh, so I need milk, eggs... and…
Eve: Oh, {{userName}}-san! Are you going shopping?
Eve: Ah, you are! I'm headed to the supermarket too. My mom needed some stuff!
Eve: If it's okay, we can go together...
Eve: ... Yeah? Alright, let's go!
Eve: I want to tell you about something while we walk. Do you mind?
Eve: The other day, I went to watch Chisato-san during her theater rehearsal...
Eve: I was shocked by what I saw! Wanna guess what happened?
Eve: The director was being really mean to Chisato-san about her acting!
Eve: We're talking about Chisato-san! Can you imagine?
Eve: I'd never seen anyone scold her before, so I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
Eve: He was so mean. I would have been terrified if he was talking to me like that...
Eve: It must be tough to perform while trying to do what the director says.
Eve: But she just kept working at it.
Eve: It was obvious just how hard she was trying, and I could feel myself cheering for her, more and more!
Eve: I'm sure Chisato-san is the type of person who thinks they just have to put on a great performance, no matter what.
Eve: When it comes to the arts, that's a really important trait, you know!
Eve: I think experiencing that made me want to do whatever I can to support her.
Eve: And the fans that cheer for me must feel the same way...
Eve: Because I take my work very seriously... But Chisato-san is even more intense than I am.
Eve: And I'm sure that's why the director specifically chose her!
Eve: It made me think that I have a lot of learning to do from her.
Eve: One day, I want to be the type of person too! When someone wants a job done well, they'll ask for me!
Eve: I should probably ask Chisato-san what she thinks is important for producing her best possible work.
Eve: Like what her mindset is, and what kind of goals she has set for herself...
Eve: Those are the sort of things that seem useful for creating a better Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: I wonder what she'll say...
Eve: I can't wait to ask! I'm so glad I met her!
Eve: I want all of us in the band to sit and talk about what we could do to make the fans happier!
Eve: Sitting and talking~... Ah, that reminds me!
Eve: The day after we went to watch Chisato-san rehearse, we all went to a café together so we could chat.
Eve: Chisato-san is always really serious and calm when we're at work, but that time she seemed like she was having a lot of fun...
Eve: It just made me think how she's really no different from the rest of us!
Eve: And I was happy because it felt like we were finally seeing the real Chisato-san.
Eve: Oh, yeah. Now that she's more open with us, we all talk a lot more than we used to.
Eve: I think we're all a lot closer now!
Eve: We're always learning new things about each other, and it's really fun to hear something for the first time!
Eve: I hope we can all continue to become better friends. And with our closer relationships, we can create an even better Pastel＊Palettes!
