385_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Trendy Hairstyle

<#EveBraid>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Eve: Ehehehehehe...
Chisato: Good morning, Eve-chan. You're in a good mood today.
Eve: Ah, Chisato-san! Good morning!
Eve: Look at this post I found online!
Chisato: What is it...? Oh, she's done her hair just like yours. Is she a fan?
Eve: Yes! Right now #EveBraid is trending, and everyone's posting pictures of their hair!
Chisato: I see... Now that I think about it, there were a lot of fans at the meet-and-greet that did their hair like yours, weren't there?
Eve: Ehehe, there were! I spotted a few myself and couldn't help but smile!
Chisato: Your hairstyle's even been given a name. That's nice. Oh, look at this. Someone's writing a blog about it too.
Chisato: It's about what accessories and outfits look good with Eve braids.
Eve: That's right! They might even know more about Eve braids than I do!
Eve: I should look at everyone's posts and get some help with accessory shopping myself!
Chisato: I'm sure this fan would be delighted if they found out you used their post for inspiration.
Eve: You think so? Well, if they're happy, I'm happy♪
Eve: At the same time, though, I can't help but feel a little shy about it. Even if seeing this stuff does put me in a good mood...
Chisato: Fufu, all of this just goes to show how many fans you have looking up to you.
Eve: You think there are really that many?! It's just so hard to believe...!
Eve: To think there are people out there who look up to me the way I look up to samurai...
Eve: ... Ah!
Eve: Chisato-san! I've... figured it out!
Chisato: Wh-what's wrong, Eve-chan?
Eve: Could this mean I've become a true samurai warrior?!
Eve: Ahh~... I've finally fulfilled my dream... I'm a samurai warrior!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan... Could you perhaps explain what you mean?
Eve: Of course! I admire samurai, just like my fans admire me. So if all my fans look up to me the way I look up to samurai... That means I must be a samurai!
Chisato: Uhm... I'm not sure I follow your reasoning there...
Eve: Ah, but...
Chisato: Wh-what's wrong now?
Eve: If everyone is styling their hair into Eve braids, does that mean I should stop doing other hairstyles...?
Chisato: Why would you think that?
Eve: Well, if I did another hairstyle, then what about all those fans who are wearing Eve braids? I feel like I'd be doing them wrong...
Chisato: ... Fufu, I see. I think it's absolutely wonderful that you think so carefully about these things and that you're so considerate.
Eve: Chisato-san... Thank you very much!
Chisato: But I don't think you need to worry about that.
Eve: Oh? Why is that?
Chisato: Let me put it like this... Do you like the hairstyles samurai have?
Eve: Hm... I suppose so, but what I like most about samurai is their great warrior spirit!
Chisato: Exactly. It's the same with your fans.
Eve: Ah...!
Chisato: Of course your fans like your hairdo and your style...
Chisato: But those aren't the only things. They like your kind, straightforward nature. They see your honesty and love you for it.
Eve: Y-you're making me blush...
Chisato: What's great about you is what's on the inside. That's what makes them aspire to be like you, and that's the reason they choose to copy your hairstyle.
Chisato: So you aren't going to lose any fans just because you decided to stop braiding your hair.
Eve: Chisato-san...! Thank you so much!
Eve: You're right. They wouldn't be happy with me forcing myself to keep the same hairstyle day after day!
Eve: Even if I did my hair like a samurai, I'm sure my fans would follow suit!
Chisato: I-I don't know about that...
Eve: Fufu, I'm kidding! I like my current hairstyle just fine!
Eve: I'm gonna do even more to make sure my fans continue to love me the way they do!


<Everyone's a Warrior?>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Shopping Mall - Book Store]

Eve: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Good afternoon!
Marina: Good afternoon! Doing some shopping too, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! I came today to look for books about bushido! See, I even have a list!
Marina: Let's see... "The Warrior's Breakfast: Edo Period Edition," "Samurai: Masters of their Craft." Look at all these titles...
Marina: ... Wait, are you going to buy all of these?!
Eve: No! I'm only going to buy one today!
Marina: Oh, okay. You really caught me off guard there... Either way, this is quite a lot of books. An impressive list if I ever saw one...
Marina: Did you find all of these on your own?
Eve: Fufufu, actually, I got this list from a fan at our meet-and-greet the other day!
Eve: {{userName}}-san, do you recognize any of these titles?
Marina: Ahaha. Same as me, huh? I've never heard of any of these...
Marina: By the way, how was the meet-and-greet? Did you have fun?
Eve: Yes! So many people came, and they all said such nice things... It was the best day ever!
Eve: My fans knew so much about bushido, and they even taught me a ton of things I didn't know!
Marina: I see! Good for you, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you! I really wish we could have talked for longer!
Eve: But we had to limit how long we spoke with each fan. Before I realized it, time would run out, and we'd have to move on.
Eve: That's why I'm hoping everyone comes back during our next event. I want to ask them even more about bushido!
Marina: Fufu, it'd be nice if everyone came again, wouldn't it!
Eve: Of course! I need to work hard to make sure that they do!
Eve: ... But I never thought everyone would know so much about bushido.
Eve: I knew it. The people of Japan must have the bushido spirit carved into their hearts...
Marina: Well, I think maybe those people decided to learn more about it for you, Eve-chan.
Eve: Y-you really think so?! That fills my heart with joy!
Eve: Because of me, the bushido spirit has spread to all of the fans... How wonderful!
Eve: Ah, but they all took the time to study bushido for me, so that means...
Eve: They may already have the bushido spirit! After all, they were selflessly doing something for the sake of another!
Marina: That's true! It's great that you have such amazing fans!
Eve: Yes! I'm one lucky girl!
Eve: But I can't let my fans show me up! I have to do everything I can to continue my studies and become a masterful samurai!
Marina: I'm rooting for you, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you so much, Marina-san! And you too, {{userName}}-san!
