414_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Unyielding Swordswoman

Gacha phrase: Isn't it so exciting to learn new things?

<What One Likes, One Will Do Well>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Eve: Hmm~, maybe a little more to the right...
？？？ (Saya): Huh? Eve! What are you doing here?
Eve: That voice... Saya-san! And Tae-san!
Tae: Hello, Eve. Are those... flower arrangements?
Eve: Yes! I'm decorating the hallway with what we made in Flower Arranging Club!
Tae: They're so beautiful♪ You really have a talent for this kind of thing.
Saya: Looks pretty heavy though... Would you like some help?
Eve: N-no...!! This is nothing! I just need to think of this as part of my bushido trainin-...!!
Saya: Whoa! E-eve! They're gonna fall! Watch out!
Tae: We'll give you a hand. Let's decorate these hallways together, okay?
Eve: S-sorry...!
(Black cut)
Saya: And... done! Don't you think we did a great job?
Tae: Yeah. This hallway was looking a little empty before. These flower arrangements really brighten things up!
Eve: Thank you so much for your help!
Saya: No need to thank us. Friends help each other when they're in trouble, that's all.
Tae: This flower arrangement... Did you make this all by yourself, Eve?
Eve: Yes! This is my best work so far, if I do say so myself!
Eve: We usually choose from our members' best works so we can decorate the halls like this.
Saya: Wow~! That means your flower arrangement was chosen too. That's amazing!
Eve: Ehehe... Thank you♪
Tae: What image were you going for with this one?
Eve: Actually, flower arranging is about the passing of the seasons, the vitality found in the flowers themselves, that sort of thing. It's about expressing the beauty of nature.
Eve: So you don't necessarily have an image in mind when making a flower arrangement.
Saya: Oh, okay. So this arrangement is your own unique expression of that... vitality? And of nature's beauty.
Tae: That's pretty cool. You probably know more about Japan and Japanese culture than I do.
Eve: It's as they say here, when you like something, you will improve upon and do it well. If I wasn't so interested in Japan, I don't think I would have studied it as much.
Eve: In your case... I'm sure you two feel the same way about your band.
Saya: Now that you mention it... I suppose you're right.
Tae: Ah... These flowers are so beautiful. What do you call them?
Eve: These are Easter lilies. All these lily buds symbolize the life force found in flowers about to bloom.
Tae: I see~. So that's why you used so many buds. Flower arranging sure does take a lot of thought.
Eve: It sounds a lot harder than it is. The more you do it, the more you learn, which makes it fun♪
Saya: Wow~, sounds interesting! Maybe I should take some lessons from you, Eve.
Eve: I couldn't possibly teach you! I'm still just an inexperienced student undergoing her training!
Tae: From our point of view, you're already a master... Master Eve!
Eve: Th-that's not... true. I... Ah!!
Saya: What's wrong?
Eve: I just remembered something! I wanted to invite Rinko-san to join us for a Flower Arranging Club meeting! She already visited the Kendo Club and the Tea Ceremony Club, after all!
Saya: What?! Tea Ceremony and Kendo Club?! Rinko-senpai?!
Eve: Not just those two. She also checked out the Tennis and Archery Club too!
Tae: Such motivation. I'm impressed~.
Eve: You should have seen her at the archery range! Watching her shoot that last arrow was so moving. I thought I was going to scream, my heart was pounding so hard!
Saya: That amazing, huh...? I wish I could have seen it.
Tae: So you want to invite Ms. Gung-ho Rinko-senpai to your Flower Arranging Club?
Eve: Yes! And since you're interested, please feel free to join us as well, Saya-san!
Saya: That sounds fun. Should we invite everyone in Poppin'Party too?
Eve: Please do! Everyone is welcome!!


<Behind the Perseverance>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Shopping Mall]

Eve: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Good afternoon!
Eve: Are you out shopping? I'm here to buy a new fukusa.
Eve: What's a fukusa? Uhm, it's one of the tools used in tea ceremony.
Eve: I've been using a plain fukusa up until now, but Kanon-san showed me hers recently. It was so cute with all the embroidery.
Eve: So I'm here to see if I can find myself a cute fukusa as well.
Eve: Oh, speaking of which, Rinko-san came to see what the Tea Ceremony Club is like the other day!
Eve: And her tea making skills were simply amazing!
Eve: She said it was the first time she'd ever done it too. Isn't that impressive?
Eve: Even our teacher was surprised!
Eve: Kanon-san and I gave a small demonstration to serve as an example...
Eve: And that's all she needed! She really shocked our teacher with how well she applied what she learned just from watching us!
Eve: I had to practice so much to get to where I am now so... I get the feeling Rinko-san has some natural talent for tea ceremony.
Eve: Oh, and she came to Kendo Club after that too.
Eve: She actually visited four different clubs in the same day...
Eve: I think kendo practice scared her at first, but she stayed, and slowly got used to it. Towards the end, she was watching one of my matches, no problem.
Eve: While I was sparring, I heard Rinko-san's cheers, and thanks to that...
Eve: I was able to land a hit on my senpai, someone I never stood a chance against before!
Eve: Although, the real reason I won was that Rinko-san's voice caught my senpai off guard, and that left me an opening... Ehehe.
Eve: Even so, if she hadn't called out to me, I probably would have just given up.
Eve: So either way... I am in her debt♪
Eve: We've walked home together a few times since then.
Eve: She's an amazing keyboard player, so she's been teaching me so much about performing♪
Eve: And because of that, my skills have greatly improved...
Eve: Now playing the keyboard is even more fun!
Eve: Rinko-san is always helping me out so, so much. Someday, I'd like to return the favor.
Eve: ... Yes! I definitely want to use my performances as a way to show her my appreciation!
Eve: In order to do that, I have to devote myself to practice every day! I'll do my very best!
