415_Eve Wakamiya_R4 My Bushido!

Gacha phrase: Alright, everyone! It's time for our takeover! Let's go~!

<Into Ryuseido!>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Ryuseido]

Eve: Sigh, no matter how many times I see it, it never ceases to amaze me...
Maya: Sorry for the wait, Eve-san!
Eve: It's okay, Maya-san. Thank you for coming to Ryuseido with me again!
Maya: Not at all! Something here piqued my interest last time, so I wanted to come too!
Eve: Oh, okay! Was it some sort of equipment?
Maya: Yep! It's not that expensive either, so I might end up buying it!
Eve: Fufu, that's great! I wish I could say the same about this...
Maya: Ahh, your beloved set of armor, right?
Eve: Yeah, I just never get tired of looking at it.
Eve: Obviously, the beauty and the sense of power it conveys are amazing on their own...
Eve: However, I really enjoy imagining what type of warrior wore the armor too.
Maya: I see... I guess there are all sorts of ways to appreciate armor, huh?
Eve: I bet the person who wore this armor was a valiant warrior with a noble heart!
Maya: I-I'm pretty sure it's just a replica...
Eve: Hm? Did you say something?
Maya: Nope! Sure didn't!
Maya: Oh yeah. Eve-san, how often do you come here anyway?
Eve: Hm~, I'm not sure... I just automatically come here whenever I have free time, so I've lost count!
Maya: Y-you come here that often?!
Eve: Yes. No matter how many times I come, I always find something new! I never get tired of this place!
Maya: ... Have you ever bought something here by any chance?
Eve: Hm? No, why?
Maya: I-I see... Uhm, I can't imagine the staff is very happy about you stopping by just to browse all the time...
Arisa: ... Huh? Eve? And Maya-san? What are you two doing here?
Maya: S-sorry for intruding, Ichigaya-san. Something in here caught my attention...
Eve: There's something I'm interested in seeing too!
Arisa: Eve, I know you're here to just tease us and not buy anything. You just don't get tired of coming, do you?
Eve: How could I? Coming to gaze at this armor is a precious hobby of mine.
Arisa: You can't just treat our shop's goods as some sort of hobby!
Maya: (I-I knew it. Ichigaya-san's getting angry!)
Eve: Either way, Ryuseido really is a wonderful place!
Eve: Every time I come, it feels like I'm surrounded by the soul of Japan. It lifts my spirits just being here!
Arisa: O-oh...? There's nothing that special here though...
Eve: Ah, Arisa-san! What's the story behind this vase? I don't think it was here last time...
Arisa: You can even tell when something new has come in...
Eve: This vase... I can feel the passage of time. The beauty in its simplicity... It's absolutely lovely.
Eve: Arisa-san! Please tell me more about it!
Arisa: Sigh, no point in arguing... This vase is a style of pottery known as Bizen pottery...
Maya: (Huh? She's politely explaining the work...)
(Black cut)
Eve: What a great story! Thank you, Arisa-san!
Arisa: It was no problem, really...
Eve: Are there any other new items here?
Arisa: New items, huh...? Come to think of it, I think my grandma mentioned getting a hanging scroll that's pretty interesting~.
Eve: Really?! Please show me!
Arisa: I suppose I could... But only for a little while, okay? And no touching...
Eve: You have my word! Ehehe, you're so nice, Arisa-san!
Arisa: Y-you've got it all wrong! Even if I don't tell you about it, you'll find it anyways. So I figured it'd be easier if I just showed you! That's all!
Maya: (It may not be obvious from her words, but... she actually looks pretty happy to me...)
Maya: (I always thought Ichigaya-san was a bit of a grump, but it seems that Eve-san is getting her to open up...)
Maya: She must have a way of bringing out the best in people...! That's so Eve-san...!
Eve: Maya-san, is everything alright? You're just staring off into space.
Maya: S-sorry! I was just thinking about what a good person you are.
Eve: R-really...? I'm not sure what you're referring to, but thank you!
Eve: Okay, Maya-san! She said the hanging scroll is over there! Let's go check it out!
Maya: You got it! Thank you for showing us around, Ichigaya-san!
Arisa: You're interested too? I-I mean, whatever's fine...
Eve: What's going on, Arisa-san? You look really happy. Did something good happen?
Arisa: N-no! It's nothing!


<Source of Courage>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Park]

Marina: Phew, that's everything on the list! Thanks for coming with me, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: All this stuff is a little heavy, so why don't we take a break?
Marina: There we go... Ahh~, what a day! If you weren't here, there's no way I would have been able to carry all this~.
？？？ (Eve): Bushido~!
Marina: Huh?! Wh-what was that?
Eve: ... Ah, Marina-san! Oh, and {{userName}}-san! Good afternoon!
Marina: Oh, it's you, Eve-chan... What on earth were you doing?
Eve: My bushido training, of course!
Marina: I-I see. I'm not really sure what that means, but okay...
Marina: Still, hearing "bushido" out of nowhere like that made me think something had happened~!
Eve: Ehehe, sorry about that... I was so focused on my training, I lost all sense of my surroundings! I shall be better about that next time!
Marina: ... Ah, I've been meaning to ask you, but weren't you a big hit at your last event?
Eve: I-I wouldn't say I was a big hit...
Marina: Don't be so modest! {{userName}}-san here couldn't  stop talking about how amazing you were!
Marina: That took guts, you know, bringing your quarreling fans together the way you did. I respect that!
Eve: I-It wasn't anything special. I was extremely scared and nervous.
Marina: Really?
Eve: Yes, I kept thinking about what would happen if I couldn't communicate my feelings to them... Or if the fighting just got worse...
Eve: But I think my desire to stop the fighting... to see everyone getting along, outweighed those fears.
Eve: I don't really understand it myself... All I know is that once I  realized I wanted to protect Pastel＊Palettes, my heart filled with courage.
Marina: Fufu, doesn't that mean that courage was inside you all along?
Eve: Hmm~, I'm not sure. I don't really feel like that's true.
Eve: If I had to say where it came from... I think I'd say... I got that courage from Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Pastel＊Palettes, my bandmates, and my fans  are all important treasures to me.
Eve: I suppose you could say it's because I have all these treasures now that I've become able to withstand so much and stay true to my feelings.
Marina: So in other words, you've become stronger because you have something to cherish, is that it?
Eve: Yes! I don't think I would have this much courage on my own.
Marina: I see. Still, I think it's pretty cool that you can fight so hard for the sake of others.
Eve: Thank you! I'm happy to hear that!
Eve: But I've got a long way to go!
Eve: This time, everything turned out fine in the end... But I also learned things about myself that show I'm still very inexperienced.
Eve: So I'll keep training, and someday, I'll be able to protect Pastel＊Palettes like a warrior should!
Marina: Ahaha, I get it! So that's why you were yelling bushido while training!
Marina: Don't worry so much. I have no doubt that you have what it takes!
Eve: Well, in order to convince our fans of the same thing, I've got to train extra hard!
Marina: That's right! You've got our full support, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you so much!
