455_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Sharing Something with You

<Eve's Treasure>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day Before Idol Festival♪]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: That was great, everyone!
Hina: Our last practice before the show is finally over~.
Aya: Tomorrow's the real deal... Urgh, I'm so nervous~!
Maya: I can see why. We've got a lot of people close to us coming. Okusawa-san, Ako-san and a bunch of others will be there... I'm pretty on edge myself.
Aya: Kanon-chan and Kaoru-san are coming to see us too, right?
Chisato: Yes. They said they're looking forward to it.
Hina: Sis said the same thing!
Aya: And everyone in Afterglow will be there as well... Now I'm getting even more nervous~!
Hina: Ahaha! You worry too much, Aya-chan! What good is getting anxious going to do~?
Aya: I-I can't help it~!
Eve: Believe in yourself, Aya-san! We'll show everyone how Pastel＊Palettes puts on a show!
Chisato: I agree with Eve-chan. We've done everything we can. Now all we have to do is give it our best when we're on stage.
Aya: Eve-chan, Chisato-chan... You're right! We can do it!
Chisato: Well then, before we head home, let's tidy up the studio.
Eve: Time to clean! This place will be spotless before you know it!
Hina: You're pretty excited, huh? We're just cleaning, you know~.
Maya: You're just happy we're all together again, right? I understand how you feel.
Aya: Yeah! Me too! It's so lonely when we're apart.
Hina: You guys are so dramatic~! Still, things are a lot more interesting when the five of us are here♪ I never get tired of it.
Chisato: Fufu... I don't see any hands moving.
Eve: Ah, I'm sorry...! Time to clean!
(Black cut)
Hina: All done~! Everything goes by much faster with five people!
Chisato: That's true. With the event tomorrow, we should go home early.
Eve: ...
Maya: Something wrong?
Eve: ... Ah! This is terrible! This area's still dirty!
Aya: Huh? It is? I'm pretty sure we mopped over there too though.
Hina: What~? It's totally spotless. You were really careful when you were cleaning over there, Eve-chan.
Eve: There are still a few spots left. Ah, there's another one! It looks like these might be harder to clean than usual.
Maya: Uhm~, the floor looks shiny to me...
Aya: ... Ah. Maybe Eve-chan just wants us to stay longer...?
Chisato: Eve-chan...
Maya: ... Ah, oh no~! That area's still messy~! I must have missed it!
Aya: Ah, you're right! Look at all this dust! This is bad! We have to clean it right away!
Hina: Ahaha! Are we doing our spring cleaning now~?!
Chisato: Everyone, that's enough. If we don't head home soon, it will affect our performance tomorrow.
Eve: I'm sorry... I was just so happy you're all here, so I tried to keep you from going home...
Aya: It's okay. I feel the same way, and I'm sure everyone else does too.
Hina: You don't need to worry so much. We can see each other tomorrow, and the next day, and the day after that~.
Maya: Yeah, Hina-san's right!
Eve: Everyone... Thank you... The time I get to spend with all of you... is one of my greatest treasures.
Aya: Treasure... Y-yeah, it's the same for me! Waaah, Eve-chan~!
Chisato: Aya-chan, if you cry now, your eye's will be all puffy for the show tomorrow.
Aya: Ooo. Y-you're right. I can't cry now...!
Eve: My precious Pastel＊Palettes' big concert...  A once-in-a-lifetime battle! Everyone, tomorrow's the main event! We can do it!


<The One and Only>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Shopping Mall]

Eve: {{userName}}-san!
Eve: Good afternoon! Are you going shopping?
Eve: So you're running errands for CiRCLE... I see! You're such a hard worker!
Eve: Yes! Today's my day off, so I'm out shopping.
Eve: ... Ah! And thank you so much for coming to our concert the other day.
Eve: You were really impressed...? Thank you, I'm glad you like it!
Eve: That concert was a very important occasion for both me and Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: My parents, everyone from school, even the members of Afterglow... We had so many people come to see us, and they all were so happy!
Eve: Although... I think my performance during practice was better, so I was very disappointed in myself...
Eve: I may still need training, but my indomitable spirit and I won't give up on making my dreams come true!
Eve: I seem energetic? Yes, I'm chock-full of energy! I need to keep at it every day and perfect my bushido!
Eve: ... Actually, a lot happened before the show.
Eve: Everyone was really busy with solo projects, and things kept overlapping. We all started to drift apart...
Eve: When I would clean the studio by myself, the only thing I could think about was all the happy memories we had together.
Eve: I was so lonely... I realized how much the band meant to me. Pastel＊Palettes really is irreplaceable in my eyes.
Eve: ... But because of everything that happened, we were able to tell each other how we really feel!
Eve: Everyone said how much they love being in Pastel＊Palettes... I was so happy to hear everyone felt the same way. I thought I was going to cry!
Eve: Look at this, {{userName}}-san. We took a picture together at the studio.
Eve: Yes, a selfie! Aya-san took it on her cellphone!
Eve: Every time I look at everyone's smiling faces, I can't help but be happy myself.
Eve: I'm so glad to know we'll be making more memories together...!
Eve: Ah, that's right. I was going to tell you about our dream.
Eve: To give the perfect performance together... That's Pastel＊Palettes' dream!
Eve: And Pastel＊Palettes' dream is my dream as well!
Eve: Ah, of course, that doesn't mean I've forgotten about wanting to become a samurai.
Eve: Yes! Thank you! I promise Pastel＊Palettes and I will make our dreams come true! And a warrior never goes back on their word!
Eve: I'll work hard to show you the perfect performance too, {{userName}}-san! I hope you'll look forward to it!
