508_Eve Wakamiya_R2 Lovely Vampire

<The Party Continues>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Location Site - Post Filming]

[Banquet Hall]

Eve: Aww~! There's so much food on every table! It all looks delightful!
Maya: Not only that, but everything is Halloween themed, from the plates and utensils to the table cloth! They really spared no expense...
Chisato: With all this attention to detail, the customers of the hotel are sure to be satisfied with their stay here.
Aya: Yeah, totally! I wonder if they also go all out like this during Christmas and use different tableware. I'm getting excited just thinking about it!
Hina: Everyone~! Look over here!
Aya: Wow~! So many adorable desserts~!
Maya: It seems like all the desserts on this table are made from pumpkin! It's exciting to see treats in such a vibrant color!
Eve: There's pumpkin flan and pumpkin pie... Every single one looks delicious!
Aya: Yep, it all looks very yummy~! Which one should I start with~?
Hina: But Aya-chan, you can't eat anything with pumpkin in it.
Aya: Huh, why?
Hina: Because you're wearing a pumpkin outfit. If you do, you'd be committing cannibalism!
Aya: Ngh... How can I possibly eat it now?
Chisato: Don't forget to pace yourself with the desserts, Aya-chan.
Aya: Not you too, Chisato-chan!
Eve: Over here, everyone~! This muffin is super fluffy and delicious!
Hina: Really?!  Whoa~! There's even strawberry jam in it!
Eve: Yes! And I might end up having a bunch since they're not too sweet!
Chisato: Fufu. Eve-chan, can you come over here for a second?
Eve: What is it, Chisato-san?
Chisato: ... Look at you. You got strawberry jam all over your mouth.
Eve: R-really? Oops, how embarrassing... It was just so good...
Hina: Ahaha!  Eve-chan, you look like a real vampire now!
Maya: If you swirl around a wine glass, I bet you'll look even more like one!
Eve: Hina-san and Maya-san,  stop teasing me~!
Aya: Oh, I have an idea! We only get to be in these costumes for a little longer. Why don't we do some poses in them and take pictures?!
Hina: Yeah, great idea! Hmm, so I'm a little devil~. I wonder what kind of pose I should make!
Maya: Ngh... Doing a pose in this costume is kind of embarrassing for me...
(Black cut)
Aya: Woohoo~! This is a nice shot! I'll send everyone the picture through our group chat later~!
Hina: Phew, today was so much fun~, both when we were shooting the show and now!
Eve: Sob...
Maya: What's wrong, Eve-san?
Eve: It's nothing. I was just thinking that we're done filming the Halloween special. So our job for today is over...
Eve: Of course it was a lot of fun, but I'm sad that we have to say goodbye to each other soon...
Aya: That's true. We did spend the entire day together.
Maya: ... Oh, did you two not hear?
Aya: Hmm? About what?
Chisato: After this, we're going to be filming the program we originally were assigned to of showcasing the hotel. In fact, we'll be staying at the hotel tonight!
Aya: Wh-what?! Was that the plan all along? Ehehe... I might've forgotten since my head has been wrapped up in puzzles.
Eve: So that means, we'll all be together for the rest of the day~!
Aya: This is great, Eve-chan! I have so much I want to talk to you guys about~!
Eve: Yes! Me too! There's so much I want to know about! Like how Chisato-san figured everything out, and about Maya-san's impressive ninja skills!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad you're so excited about this, but make sure not to slack off on the job, okay?
Eve: Absolutely! I know I'll be able to do my very best with all of you around!


<The Castle in My Dreams>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Eve: Hmm, aww...  I'm not sure it'll work out...
Eve: ... Oh! Good afternoon, {{userName}}-san! Sorry! I was so fixated on my phone I didn't even notice you there!
Eve: Right now? I'm just looking up Japanese castles!
Eve: I mean, I've always been fascinated by them, but something has me thinking about them even more lately.
Eve: Pastel＊Palettes was shooting a Halloween special the other day, and it took place in a hotel modeled after a western castle.
Eve: After we finished filming, all of us looked around the hotel and it blew me away!
Eve: Even when we first arrived, as our bus pulled up to the hotel, these doors slowly opened to welcome us, and I was overwhelmed by these massive stone walls.
Eve: The outside looks like a castle, but the inside is what you'd expect of a nice hotel! How wonderful is that?
Eve: Then, on the day of the filming, we got to spend the night there. It felt like I got to experience what it's like to live in a castle!
Eve: Did you know that in Europe, there are people who purchase castles to live in?!
Eve: People living in real castles! Isn't that amazing?!
Eve: I thought about it some more, and then it hit me! If there are people living in castles in Europe, then maybe there are people living in castles in Japan too!
Eve: I looked it up, but much to my dismay I couldn't find anything.
Eve: However, I will not despair! One day, I hope to be a feudal lord living in a castle of my very own domain!
Eve: I'd don a kimono, look out from my tower to gaze upon my castle town... Sigh, that would be the dream.
Eve: Unfortunately, it seems like purchasing a Japanese castle is not easy. I wonder if there's some way around it.
Eve: ... Star in a historical drama?  Oh, my! That's it! It's perfect!
Eve: If I can get a role in a period piece, then I can be both a samurai and lord of my own castle! That's exactly what they call two birds with one stone!
Eve: Alright~! I have no time to be dillydallying! I have historical Japanese dramas to study!
Eve: Thank you very much for your brilliant idea, {{userName}}-san!
