583_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Still Got a Lot to Learn

Gacha phrase: You're an excellent idol, Maya-san!

<What I Learned>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Okay, does everyone have their drinks? If so, let us have a toast.
All: Congratulations on your new column and its rave reviews~!
Maya: Thank you so much, everyone! I couldn't have done it without the support of each and every person here!
Aya: Nuh-uh, all that hard work you put in was the real hero!
Hina: I'm always looking forward to reading each new piece!
Hina: I never understand anything written in there. It's totally boppin'♪
Chisato: The agency also seems to be receiving a higher quantity of reviews, reactions and letters. I imagine you'll likely receive offers from other magazines soon enough.
Maya: Huhehe. It's still unbelievable to me that we're having a conversation like this.
Maya: I'm still at the point where I'm not sure if what I'm writing is any good, honestly...
Maya: But every time I begin to waver, remembering all of the fan letters, as well as your kind words, is enough for me to keep pressing onward.
Eve: Taking the material as seriously as you do is exactly why those thoughts are felt by all of the readers!
Eve: Okay, this is a day of celebration! With some advice from Tsugumi-san, I baked all manner of cakes and cookies for you to enjoy today!
Maya: Wh-what?! You made this many... for me? Really...? Thank you very much!
Aya: Amazing, Eve-chan! Did you bake all of these yourself?! The decorations are so well-made and adorable!
Chisato: They could easily go on the café's menu, and no one would be any the wiser.
Hina: They all look so yummy! Oh, I definitely want to give this cake a nibble~.
Aya: Ahhh! Hold it right there! I want to take a photo to post online first!
Aya: Gather around, everyone! Okay, here goes~... Nice! What a cute picture!
Eve: Please, help yourselves to the feast! There's more than enough to go around!
Maya: Even after all the inconvenience I've caused you, you go and prepare such an elaborate party... I cannot apologize enough!
Maya: I have you all to thank for helping me become who I am. And above all else, it was Eve-san's gracious words that helped me see clearly.
Maya: What is so wrong about an idol laughing the way that you do? ... That question got me thinking, and I realized that what I lacked was just that. My own way of thinking.
Eve: Is that so? The only reason I asked is that I really couldn't understand why you thought the way you did.
Eve: Nevertheless, if I managed to somehow assist you, even slightly, then that is more than enough for me!
Maya: Slightly?! You were more help than you may ever know!
Eve: Actually... I have also come to understand something about you, Maya-san.
Aya: What might that be?
Eve: I had a feeling this was the case for some time now... I believe she has a habit of intentionally overlooking her own good qualities.
Maya: Huh?! No, it's not like I-
Hina: Ah-hah, she's got you pegged there, Maya-chan. I think what she just said is spot on.
Chisato: It's as though you undervalue yourself... Despite having a befitting level of skill and charm, it is undeniable that you tend to overlook those traits.
Maya: S-so you all feel that way... I-is that really true...?
Eve: Yes, it is, Maya-san! You shouldn't feel that way about yourself! Your talents lie not only in drumming but also in the many other areas in which you shine!
Aya: Yeah, way too many to count.
Maya: No, there's no way that's true! I do appreciate the compliments, but... I only do what I can, and what I can do is very limited...
Eve: That is where you are wrong!
Hina: Yep, yep. Should we give examples~?
Eve: You think about situations from every angle! You keep a friendly eye not only on us but on the staff and the equipment as well!
Eve: At the first sign of trouble, you race into action, giving us instructions and helpful advice in the kindest way possible!
Eve: And when said equipment is giving us trouble, you always know the solution! Oh, and the other day, you were the first to notice I was tired and offered me something to drink!
Eve: As for other examples, there was that time when I was in the studio, and-
Maya: Okay! I-I understand now! Your feelings have been made loud and clear, Eve-san, so let's please end it there...!
Hina: Aw, why stop now? Let's keep going! If we don't, you'll end up forgetting what it is that makes you so great, won't you?
Chisato: She's right. This is a good opportunity to get it all out in the open, and wouldn't it be better if you had a deeper understanding of where your strengths lie?
Eve: Agreed! I wish to further discuss all of the terrific things that make up Maya-san!
Eve: And I am certain that the others feel the same way!
Aya: I'm with Eve-chan on this. Maya-chan helps to support Pastel＊Palettes not only on a technical scale but also on an emotional one.
Aya: See, I can't make heads or tails of how our musical equipment works. One look is enough for my brain to fizzle out...
Aya: But then comes Maya-chan, always willing to help even someone like me until the very end.
Chisato: She is always putting herself in the shoes of others, which is why even the most technical explanations remain easy to follow.
Chisato: And while she makes it appear simple, the knowledge necessary to do that is truly remarkable.
Aya: Yeah. To teach something, you have to understand it on a much deeper level than the average person, don't you?
Eve: In other words...! Extremely knowledgeable and incredibly kind, Maya-san is an amazing person!
Maya: Ahhh! Fine, I understand now! I will never forget what you have said here today, so may we please end the conversation~?!
Hina: Haha, her face is looking as red as a strawberry.
Eve: Maya-san, if you ever again find yourself in a place of doubt, please let us know!
Eve: Because I'll be there to remind you of just how spectacular you are!
Hina: You're so lucky, Maya-chan!
Maya: Ngh... I'm happy you feel that way, but... this has made me more embarrassed than anything! No more, I beg of you~!


<Thinking of Others>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Record Shop]

Marina: Hm? Isn't that Eve-chan over there? Hey, Eve-chan~!
Eve: {{userName}}-san, Marina-san! Two hard workers, out and about! Are you out to do some shopping?
Marina: We're searching for songs you can play in a store, actually. Apparently, there are some new releases that have been all the buzz lately.
Eve: How interesting! The songs played at CiRCLE are all very wonderful, so I would be happy if you shared your recommendations with me sometime!
Marina: No problem at all! Feel free to ask us anytime. So, what are you here to buy, Eve-chan?
Eve: This item right here!
Marina: A magazine? The latest edition, too. Is there a special article that you're interested in?
Eve: A hidden gem buried within! Maya-san has a column published on these very pages!
Marina: Wow, I had no idea! Maya-chan is quite talented, isn't she?
Eve: Yes, she is! This terrific column is loaded with her knowledge, her passion, and her confusion!
Marina: I can understand knowledge and passion, but... what do you mean by confusion?
Eve: When Maya-san was tasked with writing this column, it caused her a good deal of grief.
Eve: According to Chisato-san and Hina-san, her troubles originated from comparing herself to her image of an ideal idol...
Marina: Not living up to one's own expectations... Sounds like a difficult issue to deal with.
Eve: It does...
Marina: Eve-chan, is there something else concerning Maya-chan that's bothering you?
Eve: Yes, there is, actually.
Eve: Although this is very embarrassing to admit... I was unable to be of any help to her.
Eve: Maya-san, who is a very important member of the group, was suffering all alone... and I could not even comprehend the reason why.
Eve: It was extremely bothersome and frustrating.
Eve: We decided that, as a group, the best solution was to simply watch over her. And that is exactly what we did.
Eve: If I had only been able to better comprehend her distress, however, I feel as though the distance between us wouldn't have felt quite so large.
Marina: Now I see~. You really do love your group members, don't you, Eve-chan?
Marina: Because we weren't involved in the situation, this may be inappropriate to say, but... I personally believe your intentions toward Maya-chan were felt in full.
Eve: Marina-san... And {{userName}}-san, as well... Thank you both very much!
Eve: Yes. I cannot afford to be discouraged by such a thing!
Eve: I will continue expanding my horizons and become a person that can be useful to Maya-san in the future!
Marina: Great! That's the spirit, Eve-chan! We'll help in any way that we can, so please, don't hesitate to call on us if you have any issues.
Eve: Understood! Having you both there for me is very reassuring!
Eve: And I will not falter on my path towards true bushido! I hope we can continue working together into the future!
