673_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Right in Half!

<The Action Scene I Desire>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Movie Set]

Eve: Hiyah! Hiyah! Control your breathing... Yaaah~!
Hina: Hey there, Eve-chan~! What are you up to?
Eve: I am tempering both my mind and manner through kendo exercises! Have you already finished your scenes?
Hina: Yep, and with no retakes~! They gave me a break, so I came to look for you!
Eve: As amazing as always, Hina-san...! I must try to reach your level!
Hina: You seem pretty pumped up, Eve-chan~.
Eve: But of course! Today, we are filming my action scene against the government agents!
Hina: Awesome! Good luck, Eve-chan~!
Eve: Y-you are also in that scene, Hina-san! I am counting on your support!
Hina: Oh, that's the scene you meant! Was that today?
Eve: Yes, actually... You seem to be taking all of this in stride.
Eve: I always feel nervous when the cameras are on me... And there are times when I completely forget my lines...
Eve: However, I am determined to put on a successful action scene!
Hina: Oh, so that's why you're waving that thing around!
Eve: Precisely! I can feel a calming sensation wash over me with every swing of my sword.
Eve: Would you care to join me?
Hina: Sure, sounds like fun! Let me have a go!
Eve: Please feel free to this one!
Hina: All right, here goes! Hiyah! How's that?
Eve: H-Hina-san! This is a wooden sword, not a baseball bat!
Eve: Please allow me to teach you the proper gripping technique.
Hina: Whoa, you have to hold it a certain way, too? Wouldn't it be better if everyone held it the way they liked?
Eve: A flawed grip leads to a wavering heart! In kendo, form is key!
Hina: Uhm, I don't get it, but whatever! All right, so how do I hold this thing?
Eve: Okay, make sure your hands are not too close together... Ah, and make about one finger's worth of space here.
Eve: And you must not squeeze the sword too tightly. Twist your wrists slightly, as if performing a wringing motion, and hold it like that.
Hina: Is this right?
Eve: Now, keep your back straight...
Eve: Well done! Excellent posture, Hina-san!
Hina: Say, this way is much easier! And now I'll just copy what you did... Hyah!
Eve: Incredible, Hina-san! I can sense your inner bushido!
Hina: Hahaha, this is pretty fun! I wish I could do an action scene, too~.
Eve: Fufu, I have no doubt that it would be a marvelous performance!
Eve: ... Oh, the agent actors have arrived! Let us join them!
(Black cut)
Hina: Wow, so that's what a real action scene looks like.
Eve: You must pay attention to not only yourself and the other actors but also the positioning of the cameras.
Eve: It was my first time, as well, and I have learned so much!
Hina: It's neat how different shouts are used to signal different ways to dodge. There was one for moving backward and another for going to the right, wasn't there?
Eve: They said that is not what is normally done. However, to help me remember what to do, they have provided me this accommodation.
Eve: Which will hopefully result in a well-made scene!
Hina: Hmmm, action scenes are great. Hearing all this has me wanting to do one, too!
Hina: ... Ah! I think they've started filming. Let's go, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes, now to reap the rewards of my hard work! I will show everyone my inner bushido!
Hina: Wow! So cool! That's the spirit, Eve-chan!
Hina: I'm just hoping I can use all that stuff you taught me earlier~!
Eve: Fufu, please do if you have the chance! Now, let us make this a scene to remember!


<Of the Same Pot>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE - Café]

Marina: Hello, Eve-chan. You look so serious. What are you reading?
Eve: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello! I am trying to study up on cooking techniques!
Marina: Oh, so it's a cookbook then. Why the sudden interest?
Eve: Before answering that question... I must first bring up the topic of movies.
Marina: Movies...? Oh, do you mean the one that Pastel＊Palettes is starring in?
Marina: I was floored when I heard about that! I'm so happy for you all! Congratulations!
Eve: Fufu, thank you very much!
Eve: Though I have appeared on television before, this was my film debut, so I was petrified.
Eve: The atmosphere on set was different from filming for television too. It was actually kind of refreshing...
Marina: Whoa, I didn't know there was such a difference. It's hard for us to imagine since we've never been on TV...
Marina: So, how was it?
Eve: There were times when I was nervous, but... I was able to ease into it and had a lot of fun!
Eve: A lot of the scenes were filmed outside, so they provided food for us as well!
Marina: Wow, on-site kitchens... I've heard about that, but I wasn't sure if it was true.
Eve: Huge pots filled with curry and pork stew... It was so very delicious!
Eve: Enjoying it with everyone may have had something to do with how well it tasted!
Marina: Fufu, there's no better spice than a good atmosphere.
Eve: We couldn't just let them feed us though. So Pastel＊Palettes pitched in and made food for everyone else too!
Marina: Wow, really?
Eve: Being waited on constantly would be unsightly, so we tried returning the favor. Well, it was only one time, though.
Marina: No, even that is very admirable. What kind of food did you make?
Eve: Curry! The service staff showed us how to prepare it!
Marina: A big pot of curry made by Pastel＊Palettes... I'm sure the film crew loved it, didn't they?
Eve: Yes, everyone seemed to enjoy it very much. They ate our entire stock in a flash!
Marina: Fufu, with Pastel＊Palettes making it, I'm not surprised. I know I'd like to try some.
Eve: In that case, we can cook a fresh pot during one of CiRCLE's event!
Eve: It should be much more delicious than what we made before.
Eve: Learning new recipes and cooking techniques is why I am reading this book, after all!
Marina: Ah, so it all goes back to that book. Mhm, I think I might just take you up on that offer.
Eve: Yes, by all means! I will do my best to make sure everyone leaves with a smile on their face!
