798_Eve Wakamiya_R4 My Dream Stage

Gacha phrase: Aya-san, you are pursuing the path of the idol!

<The Joy of Connecting>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Concert Hall]

Eve: Wow... So this is what the stage looks like from the back seats!
Hina: Even though we're far away, it's still really pretty, isn't it?! The lights are all sparkly and stuff!
Maya: The audio setup for this auditorium is really nice, and the staff are all very skilled. It's perfect!
Chisato: They've customized all of the stage equipment to match Pastel＊Palettes as well. I expect it'll look even better during the actual concert.
Aya: This is where the fans sit when they come to see us! It's sort of exciting when you stand here thinking about it, isn't it?
Eve: Yes, it is! I want everybody who comes to enjoy our music!
Maya: Since they came just to see us, we should leave them entertained and satisfied~!
Hina: Everyone's real fired up, huh~? Well, as long as I have fun, I'll be good~.
Aya: Hey, everyone. These seats are so far away from the stage. How do you think we can get our feelings across to the fans sitting here?
Hina: With our music, I guess. Oh, and your MCing!
Maya: There is such a thing as crowd work too. Although, that's not something we can realistically do for everyone...
Aya: Yeah, you're right~. Hmm, anything else?
Chisato: ... This is just a thought, but even from this far away, do you think they could tell if we wave our hands at them?
Eve: Well... I am sure they can tell that we are waving, but I think making them realize that we are waving at them will be difficult.
Hina: Then let's give it a try! I'll stand on stage and wave at you guys! Come on, Maya-chan!
Maya: Huh?! Me too!? H-Hina-san, please wait~!
Chisato: Running in here is dangerous, you tw- They can't hear me anymore, can they?
Aya: Wow, they're getting smaller and smaller. This is farther away than I thought~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina: We've arrived~! Maya-chan, are you okay?
Maya: Huff, huff, huff... Y-yeah... Somehow... Hina-san... You're really fast...
Hina: Ehehe, thanks! Hey, everyone~! Can you see us~? Come on, Maya-chan, you wave too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Look! Hina-san is waving her hand! Hina-san~! We can see you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Oh, Eve-san is waving back! We can see you, too~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Maya-chan~! Wow, even this far away, you can still tell they're looking at us!
Chisato: I suppose you could say we've made a connection. Just by waving at each other, it feels like the distance between us has shrunk considerably.
Aya: The seats will be darker during the concert, so it'll be harder for us to see them... But if we look their way and wave our hands, I think we can still create that connection!
Eve: We must make sure we connect with each and every fan! Regardless of distance, we will reach their hearts!
Chisato: Looking at things from the audience's view is important, isn't it? Thank you for reminding me, Aya-chan.
Hina: Hey, we're back~! Wow, the audience section really is huge, huh~?  I could use a drink of water after all that running.
Maya: Huff... Huff... Forget the water... I need oxygen...
Hina: So, how was it? Could you see us?
Eve: Yes! When I waved back, I was very happy to see you start waving even harder!
Eve: It really showed me that you were actually looking at us! Even though you were so far away, it felt like you were still very close!
Maya: S-same here... When you all started waving back, it felt like there was... some sort of connection!
Eve: Even from so far away, our feelings can still reach others! I cannot wait to share this joy with all the people coming today!
Hina: Aha, that's the spirit! If we can share a connection with everyone in this hall, I bet it'd be even more boppin'♪ than ever!
Chisato: With this hall full of fans, I'm sure the atmosphere will be quite the sight.
Aya: Sniff...
Eve: Aya-san!? What is wrong?
Aya: When I thought about how we're able to perform in such a large hall now... My eyes just started watering... Sob...
Hina: Aya-chan's getting all emotional! The show hasn't even started yet~.
Chisato: Here, use my handkerchief. Well, if we consider what our debut was like, we've certainly come a long way, haven't we?
Maya: You're absolutely right. Looking at the stage we're about to perform on, I can't believe we almost disbanded.
Eve: I am sure that if any one of us was missing, we would not have made it here.
Eve: That is why I am so happy to be with you all today!
Aya: Me too, Eve-chan~! I'm so proud of all the work we've done~!
Hina: Ooh, look at those two hug! Group hug~!
Maya: Chisato-san, let's join too!
Chisato: Ah... Oh, alright. I understand getting emotional and all, but remember, we still have a long way to go.
Aya: Ah... That's right! We can still do better! We'll shine even brighter, and reach even more people with our shows!
Maya: We're going to give the perfect performance someday, right? With all of us together, I'm sure we can do it!
Hina: Yeah! And when we do, I bet we'll be able to see all sorts of stuff we've never seen before!
Eve: A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step! I am confident that we can reach anybody with our music, no matter the distance!
Eve: So for the sake of our dreams, we shall give it our all today!
Aya, Hina, Chisato & Maya: Yeah!  Right! Yes!
Eve: That is the spirit! Let us prepare for the show! Pastel＊Palettes, move out!


<Those Looking for The Path>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Eve: Hmhmm, hmm~♪
Eve: Ah, {{userName}}-san! How are you today?
Eve: Yes, work just finished, so I am on my way back home.
Eve: Am I in a good mood? Yes, I am! Please, listen to this! Something very good happened to me today!
Eve: I had a modeling job, and it was a very nice location. I had a lot of fun.
Eve: I felt very motivated today, and I feel like the shoot went very well.
Eve: And it is all thanks to the staff. They are always very considerate and take good care of me.
Eve: It was not just today, either. I think all of my photo shoots are like that.
Eve: The fact that I was able to realize that today must mean that I'm more relaxed at work than before.
Eve: That is because I have grown as a person? Fufu, thank you.
Eve: But I am sure that it is because of Pastel＊Palettes that I am able to think that way.
Eve: As we spend more time together, I feel that my world has been steadily expanding!
Eve: Outside of work, I have been able to go to many places, talk about many things, and laugh together with everyone.
Eve: I think that those experiences have helped me grow, and that warms my heart.
Eve: Even if it is a solo job, I am not alone... Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is there, supporting me...
Eve: I respect everyone very much. In fact, just yesterday, Aya-san taught me something very valuable!
Eve: When I was doing my special close-up on Aya-san, we spent some time just chatting with each other.
Eve: Aya-san truly is a hard worker. She is a warrior that is constantly self-evaluating herself!
Eve: After witnessing Aya-san single-mindedly work so hard towards her goals, she has given me the courage to continue my path to mastering bushido!
Eve: For me, it is the path of bushido. For Aya-san, it is the path of the idol.
Eve: We are both pursuers of our own paths! I'm glad to have such a companion...
Eve: I am still very far away from the ideal bushido that I envision in my head, but I think that I am slowly getting closer.
Eve: I also want to give more and more people courage as well, together with Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Fufu, {{userName}}-san, have I given you some of my courage, too?
Eve: I am happy to hear that! I will keep working hard with the rest of my beloved Pastel＊Palettes! Let's bushido~!
