936_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Joy Bursting Forth

<Lawyer Wakamiya & Officer Aoba>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: And that was when the lawyer made her declaration.
Eve: She proclaimed, "I will prove that you are innocent!"
Tsugumi: Hahaha, that scene was cool! I liked it too.
Tsugumi: You know, it sounds like you've taken a liking to that character.
Eve: Of course! Watching the drama Chisato-san and Aya-san appeared in reminded me of how cool a lawyer's job is!
Eve: Dispensing justice upon evildoers... Much like the samurai of historical plays!
Tsugumi: You're right, I guess they are kind of similar!
Eve: Lawyers really do carry the bushido spirit with them as they perform their duties... How moving!
Tsugumi: And the suits they wear make them look even cooler!
Eve: Yes! Very much so!
Tsugumi: Ah, welcome~!
Moca: The Moca-chan Express is pulling in~. I've come bearing the manga I promised you~.
Tsugumi: Ah, thanks, Moca-chan! Sorry for making you come all the way here.
Moca: No problem, it gave me an excuse to come and treat my sweet tooth. Load me up with pancakes, please~.
Tsugumi: Roger that~. I'll go get them ready.
Moca: By the way... What's with that sparkle in your eyes, Eve-chin~?
Eve: I was discussing a drama with Tsugumi-san earlier, and the topic turned to how cool the lawyer was.
Moca: Do you mean that one drama with Chisato-san and Aya-san?
Tsugumi: Oh yeah, you said that you saw it too!
Moca: Yup, sure did. Chisato-san was the perfect little sister~. And Aya-san was... the perfect Aya-san~.
Eve: I know! The plot was very interesting, and those two gave wonderful performances!
Eve: And the main lawyer character herself was like a true samurai!
Moca: Oho~, so if you were gonna play a role, would it be the lawyer?
Eve: Yes, of course! There are so many scenes I would love to try!
Eve: Like those scenes where they get a flash of inspiration from speaking with witnesses...
Eve: Or when they confidently shout "Objection!" in the courtroom!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan is rather tall and slender, so I think she's a natural fit for the cool lawyer role!
Eve: Thank you very much! What sort of role would you like to portray, Tsugumi-san?
Tsugumi: As for me... I'd like to be the younger sister like Chisato-san.
Moca: Oh. That means you'd be Eve-chin's little sis~.
Tsugumi: Hahaha, I guess so! Performing with her does sound like fun.
Eve: Tsugumi-san would fit the role of the hardworking yet adorable little sister perfectly!
Moca: In that case, I'd like to be the detective~.
Moca: Patrolling manga cafes with a sweet bean bun in one hand and a glass of milk in the other~.
Tsugumi: I think you just want to read manga and chow down on bread...
Moca: How rude~. I can't believe you see me in such a light~.
Tsugumi: But there wasn't even a character like that in the show.
Moca: Ah, you got me~.
Eve: But if it did exist, then you would be the perfect choice, Moca-san! That is a role that only you could fill!
Moca: Hehehe~, I know, right~?
Eve: And as a detective, that would make you my ally! We can solve the mystery together!
Moca: Hooray~.
Tsugumi: Hahaha, I can totally see that.
Moca: Actually, the manga I'm lending you is about a lawyer.
Eve: Wow, I would love to read it, as well!
Moca: Okay, I'll let you have it after Tsugu~.
Eve: Thank you very much! I cannot wait to see what kind of story it is!


<The Warrior's Reward>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Riverside]

Eve: ...
Marina: Hello, Eve-chan!
Eve: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello! Are you still working?
Marina: Yeah, we had a meeting with the other live houses.
Marina: What are you doing out here, Eve-chan? You looked pretty deep in thought...
Eve: I was thinking back on the drama Aya-san and Chisato-san appeared in. There was a scene where they walked along a river like this one.
Eve: Did you happen to watch it?
Marina: Yup, of course we did! You're talking about the scene where they're walking home from school, right? This path does sort of resemble that one!
Eve: I knew it!
Marina: The scene where they're talking didn't feel any different from how they normally are.
Eve: I felt the same way! Chisato-san had a more childish air about her, but the way she spoke with Aya-san felt so natural...
Eve: Such a spectacular performance was the result of the extraordinary effort they put in.
Marina: I would say so~. Acting so naturally isn't easy by any means.
Eve: They both underwent a lot of training and really examined their role in preparation for their auditions.
Eve: Had it been me, I would have been too worried about the idea of only one of us passing.
Eve: Instead, they focused on helping each other succeed! Those two truly are remarkable!
Marina: Wow, so that's what happened. Sounds like they both gave it their all.
Eve: Instead of succumbing to pressure, they worked together to succeed, and this was their reward! They truly have the hearts of samurai!
Marina: I don't doubt it, but I'm sure a big part of it was all the help and hard work that you and the others put in for their sake, right?
Eve: Hehehe... Chisato-san actually said the same thing when the results were announced. She said she couldn't have done it without our help. It was a very touching moment.
Eve: And I intend to continue supporting my fellow Pastel＊Palettes members in everything that they do!
Eve: Moreover, I will embrace my inner bushido spirit and overcome any obstacle before me, no matter the difficulty!
Marina: Right on! That's the spirit! Chisato-chan and Aya-chan were both pretty cool, but so are you, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you very much! I will continue to do my best!
