971_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Umbrella Friends

Gacha phrase: I think that your words made me think the way I do now!

<This, That, and All of the Above>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hydrangea Park]

Eve: Thank you very much for today!
Eve: I got to see beautiful hydrangeas and even gained insight into zanshin. It was a truly perfect day!
Saya: I hope your next practice goes well. I'm glad you feel better.
Himari: Today was a great day for me too~! I took so many pretty photos! Which ones should I upload~?
Chisato: We took so many that it's hard to choose. Perhaps I should post one on the Pastel＊Palettes social media page.
Kanon: How about this picture then? I like how the hydrangeas are glistening from the raindrops.
Chisato: Thank you. I think I'll go with your pick then, Kanon.
Eve: Kanon-san! I took lots of photos, too. Can you pick the best one?
Kanon: Fue~, you too, Eve-chan? This is a lot of responsibility...
Eve: Please!
Kanon: Okay then... What about this one? The one with the snail on the hydrangea leaf.
Eve: I see! Yes, it is very cute! Then I shall put this photo-
Saya: Ah, wait. I think this picture of the hydrangea pond that looks like stained glass is nice too.
Saya: I bet you can't take a photo like this anywhere else.
Eve: Yes, you are right! It is hard to overlook this one...!
Himari: What about this picture of Saya's hydrangea buns? That's pretty adorable too.
Himari: I think that photo is my number one pick~.
Eve: I know what you mean! Sigh~... All the photos are so nice. I cannot decide...
Chisato: Fufu, Eve-chan, you don't need to limit yourself to just one.
Chisato: If there are memories you’d like to share, you can upload as many as you want.
Eve: I see... You are right, Chisato-san! Then I shall upload all the ones I like!
Eve: Hmm... This one, this one... and then~...
Chisato: There's no need to rush, fufufu.
Chisato: … It's a good thing we prepared for the rain. Thanks to that, we had an enjoyable outing.
Kanon: Yes, I'm so glad I wore these rain boots. I'd been wanting to try them out for a while.
Eve: Ah! That reminds me!
Kanon: Oh? What’s wrong?
Eve: Kanon-san, your rain boots are so stylish! May I take a photo of them as well?
Eve: I want to show them off to everyone!
Kanon: Huh...? These? If you really want to...
Eve: And Himari-san, please let me take a picture of your umbrella! I want everyone to see it!
Himari: M-my umbrella?! It's just your average umbrella, though. Are you sure?
Eve: Absolutely!
Eve: First, Kanon-san, please step over here! Himari-san, I'll be with you in a minute!
(Black cut)
Eve: Thank you for your cooperation, everyone! Now I have all these great photos!
Eve: I am going to upload them to the Pastel＊Palettes page, so please take a look!
Saya: Oh, hey, Eve. If it's okay, I'd like you to post this photo as well.
Eve: Hm? Which one?
Saya: I'll send it to you now.
Saya: You looked so excited taking everyone's photos, so I took one of you.
Saya: I'd like everyone to see that you're smiling once again.
Eve: Saya-san...
Saya: Hagumi and O-Tae were also worried about you, you know. I'm sure they'd love to see your happy face.
Eve: Yes! Thank you, Saya-san!
Eve: In that case, I shall upload this photo as well! Fufufu...


<My Special Flower>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Riverside]

Eve: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Hello, Eve-chan. What are you doing here?
Eve: I had some time before my lessons, so I was taking a walk. That is when I spotted these hydrangeas.
Marina: Fufu, their beauty certainly is eye-catching.
Eve: It is! The colorful flowers at the nearby hydrangea park were in full bloom as well!
Marina: Oh~, I haven't been there. Did you go for a shoot?
Eve: No, I went for fun with Chisato-san, Saya-san, Kanon-san and Himari-san!
Marina: Now that sounds like quite the lively group. I bet it was fun.
Eve: Yes! I had a great time!
Eve: Actually, I was having some trouble with my club activities, so they took me there to help take my mind off of things.
Eve: At first, I could not get my worries out of my head, but as I started enjoying my time with everyone, I felt much better!
Marina: I know what you mean~. The more you try to forget your problems, the more you think about them~.
Eve: Yes. They pop up when you least expect it.
Eve: However, thanks to my friends and the hydrangeas, I was able to solve my problem!
Marina: Thanks to the hydrangeas, huh...? Fufu. Then I guess hydrangeas must be a special flower for you now.
Eve: Yes! I have come to love them!
Eve: Ah, did you two know this?
Eve: The hydrangea's color changes depending on the type of soil it is planted in!  Kanon-san told me about it!
Marina: Wow~, that's interesting! I had no idea.
Eve: That is why the soil is just as important as the flower itself!
Eve: So just as the roots grow deep into the soil, I want to grow in my club activities and my work! I shall devote myself to them every day!
Eve: And then, I hope to bloom just like a beautiful flower.
Marina: If anyone can do it, it's you, Eve-chan!
Eve: Ehehe, thank you. Well, my lessons are starting soon, so I need to-... Ah!
Marina: What is it?
Eve: Look! This hydrangea is in the shape of a heart. The shape and color are both so pretty...!
Marina: Oh, so it is! How cute!
Eve: Even the hydrangeas are cheering me on!
