1208_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Samurai Zombie

<Pastel＊Palettes Goes Worldwide?!>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Eve: "Please come back to Saga anytime. We are waiting for you!"... Fufu, I would love to...!
Maya & Hina: Good morning~!
Eve: Oh, good morning, you two!
Maya: You're early, Eve-san. What's with the computer? Wait, are you...?
Eve: Yes. I am checking my radio show's email. I thought it would be nice to take a look before our lessons begin.
Hina: Oooh, lemme see! Hmm, what do we have here...?
Hina: "The Gabai Gabai Festival concert was the best! I had so much fun! Please come back to Saga soon!"
Maya: This one says... "This was my first time watching Pastel＊Palettes, and I was touched by how you managed to overcome so many problems. You've got a new fan!"
Hina: Wooow, there's so many messages from people in Saga here♪
Eve: Yes, there are! They all sent us emails about the Gabai Gabai Festival.
Maya: Jeez~, I was panicking at the time, but seeing all these people telling us they loved it anyway makes me really happy.
Eve: Yes! It feels extra special! There are many other comments, too... Ah, Hina-san, Maya-san, look at this!
Maya: Hmmm... Oh. This is from REO-REO, huh?
Hina: Hm~? Who's that? Do you know them?
Eve: Ah, REO-REO is PAREO-san. She is a regular Bushi-star!
Maya & Hina: Bushi-star?
Hina: What's that? What's Bushi-star supposed to mean?
Eve: Ah, I am sorry. It is what I call the listeners of my radio show "All Day＊Bushido."
Maya: Huh~. That's a good way to make your listeners feel special. And it really helps make your show feel popular, too!
Hina: Yeah~! And? What's PAREO-chan... uh, "REO-REO" got to say?
Eve: It is very long, as always! Um...
PAREO: "Great job playing at the Saga Gabai Gabai Festival! I was sooo looking forward to Pastel＊Palettes' first adventure outside of Tokyo!"
PAREO: "I was totally ready to follow you all to Saga, but I had something I needed to take care of here that I absolutely positively couldn't miss... It was so heartbreaking to realize I couldn't go..."
Maya: RAS did have a show scheduled, didn't they?
PAREO: "Though it really sucks that I couldn't see you, just the thought of Eve-chan and the rest of Pastel＊Palettes doing their best under the same sky as me filled me with motivation."
PAREO: "You are all like a good-luck charm for my heart. Wherever you may be, I always think of you as right by my side...!"
Eve: Under the same sky... PAREO-san's passionate message... makes me very happy.
Maya: Yeah. That's really inspiring to read!
Eve: I understand what you mean. Whenever I read our fans' messages, they fill me with energy like a battery being recharged!
Eve: And when I read them, it makes me think about how there are so many different ways our fans support us.
Eve: There were people who came all the way to Saga to see us at the Gabai Gabai Festival.
Eve: And, like REO-REO, there are people who support us through messages like these.
Eve: No matter where they are or how they do it, their warmth and encouragement feels the same.
Eve: That is why I do not want to perform only for the sake of the people who we can see in front of us...
Eve: But for all of our fans who share the same sky as we do!
Hina: Right! Ohhh, now I'm in the mood to play a show~♪
Maya: Yeah, me too!
Hina: Hey, Eve-chan. It looks like there's still more to REO-REO's message.
PAREO: "Regardless, I'll definitely be there at your next show! Whether it be Saga, New York, or the other end of the Earth, I will be there! I'm so excited to see you play again♪”
Eve: ”The other end of the Earth..." Does that mean... Should Pastel＊Palettes go worldwide?!
Hina: Ahaha♪ I like that! I wanna play on the other side of the world~!
Maya: Ahaha... The other side of the world from Japan, huh...? Would that be Brazil?
Hina: Gosh, Maya-chan. The antipode of Japan would be the Atlantic Ocean, right in the middle of the water~!
Hina: But that's not what I meant! How about the South Pole?! Or Mt. Everest! I wanna play somewhere super cool!
Maya: Th-the South Pole? Ahaha... I wonder if anyone would actually come.
Eve: Yes... It is just as REO-REO says! Pastel＊Palettes will travel the world!
Eve: We cannot claim to be unrivaled if we stick to Japan! After we conquer Japan, we will move onto the rest of the world!
Hina: Ohhh! That's the spirit, Eve-chan! Go, go, go, go, go!
Maya: Hina-san... Did Tatsumi-san rub off on you?
Eve: Maya-san, Hina-san! Let us begin our lessons! Forward!


<I Must Get Stronger>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Riverside]

Marina: Mmm~, the weather is so nice today~. Still, I don't think we had to get up this early just to pick up some new equipment.
Eve: Oh! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Good morning!
Marina: Good morning, Eve-chan. Are you out for a run?
Eve: Yes. I have kendo practice after this, so I thought it would be a good idea to jog a little beforehand.
Marina: Wow~, look at you, all fired up. Is there a match coming up soon?
Eve: No, there is not. But something happened a few days ago that made me realize I must reapply myself to strengthen my bushido.
Eve: It happened in Saga when we went there for work...
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Aya-chan. Sounds like it was just one problem after another, huh?
Eve: Yes. As soon as we landed in Saga, we had to work while facing many different obstacles.
Eve: Even so, I thought that we would be fine. I was certain we would be able to do our jobs properly.
Eve: But then a certain man told us... "We were dead."
Marina: Dead?! Wh-what do you mean?
Eve: Oh, I am sorry! I did not mean to surprise you...!
Eve: I think he meant we were so focused on trying to deal with our problems that we could not do our jobs properly. We were not Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Basically, Pastel＊Palettes' identity was dead.
Marina: Ah, that's what you meant. I wasn't expecting such language from you, so I was so surprised~.
Eve: I agree. When I heard him speak at the time, I called him very impolite! But that was simply an emotional reaction... In reality, it was just as he said.
Eve: However, after hearing those words, we were re-energized. We overcame our problems and were able to perform a proper Pastel＊Palettes show!
Marina: I see. Although that's an awfully blunt way of putting it, he still managed to encourage you all into rising to the occasion.
Eve: Yes, exactly. At that time, I had not realized that our sense of identity as Pastel＊Palettes had died.
Eve: A true walker of the path of bushido would have realized their own faults immediately.
Marina: I-I see. Bushido's really something, huh?
Eve: Thanks to that incident, I learned I still have a long way to go. Bushido is about holding fast to one's values, but without a strong foundation for those values, it is all for nothing.
Eve: Which is why I am out here running! To strengthen and polish my bushido spirit! I must refresh myself!
Marina: Sounds like you learned something really important. Good luck! I'll always be cheering you on, Eve-chan.
Eve: Okay! I will continue polishing my bushido and growing stronger so that one day I can become a real samurai!
Marina: Fufu, well, you're certainly motivated, at least. Just remember to stay hydrated, okay?
Eve: Yes! Thank you for your concern! I will head to practice now!
Eve: See you later, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
