1210_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Hina-san! Everyone! Thank you very much!

<Hydrangea Fairy>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Eve-chan! Happy birthday!
Eve: Hina-san! Everyone! Thank you very much!
Aya: We all chose a present that we thought would suit you. Can I put it in your hair for you?
Eve: Please do! I cannot wait!
Maya: Wow, Eve-san, you look like a fairy! That looks really good on you!
Chisato: It's a hair accessory styled after hydrangea flowers. I recalled how, when we went to the hydrangea park, you said the flowers were like Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: We thought it would be nice if you could wear something that reminded you of your lovely memory.
Eve: Everyone...!
Hina: Ahaha, it's one of Eve-chan's hugs of affection!
Eve: You all thought of me when you chose it... That makes me feel so very happy!
Maya: Next time, I'd like for all five of us to go see the hydrangeas you all saw.
Eve: Yes! We must definitely go!
Aya: Hey, let's take a picture of Eve-chan and her hydrangeas to post on social media! I'm sure our fans will help celebrate her too.
Chisato: Right. It would be a shame if we were the only ones that could see her when she's this pretty.
Aya: Okay, Eve-chan, here we go! Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Cheerful Outing>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Eve Wakamiya)

[Downtown]

Eve: Where should I go today? I can take a look at all of the stores, or I can relax in the park~.
Saya: Ah, Eve! Hello! Do you have work soon?
Eve: Hello, Saya-san! I have the day off today, so I was thinking of going on an outing!
Saya: Fufu. You're smiling a lot more than usual. Did something happen?
Eve: Ehehe... Actually, the other members of Pastel＊Palettes  celebrated my birthday the other day, and that made me so happy...!
Eve: I got a present from all of them, and we took pictures, so it was a very lovely birthday!
Saya: I see~. So that's why you're so cheerful! Say, would it be okay for me to see those pictures too?
Eve: Of course! Umm... Ah, here's one! It's of me trying on the hair ornament they gave me.
Saya: Wow, that is super cute! Is it a hydrangea design?
Eve: Yes! The others chose it because they thought it would suit me.
Saya: Fufu, you have to hand it to them for picking out the perfect gift for you! You look like a fairy!
Eve: Thank you very much! Maya-san said the same thing.
Eve: It made me so very happy that lately I always wear this hair ornament when I go to work.
Eve: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes has been busy lately, so there  have not been many chances for us all to be together...
Eve: But when I wear this hair ornament, it makes me feel like we are all working together.
Saya: I know how that feels~. Whenever I wear items people have given me, it makes me feel like they're right by my side.
Saya: I imagine you always using the gift they chose makes them happy too.
Eve: Fufu, in that case, I am happy to do it!
Saya: Hydrangeas, huh~? Doesn't that remind you of the time we all went to that hydrangea park?
Eve: It does! It seems that Chisato-san and the others chose hydrangeas because they remembered that. I was so very moved!
Eve: That place helped me realize something important, so it is special to me.
Eve: That is why, if any of the other members from Pastel＊Palettes  are ever troubled, I would like to take them to that park, just as you all did for me.
Saya: Nice! They'd be able to refresh themselves, so I think that's a great idea!
Saya: ... Ah, I know. I just finished baking some hydrangea melon bread. If it's alright with you, why don't you take some?
Eve: What?! Would that be okay?
Saya: Yeah! It's a little late, but think of it as a birthday present!
Eve: Wow, thank you very much! I am so very happy to have my birthday celebrated by so many people!
