1324_Eve Wakamiya_R4 The Great Idol Chase

Gacha phrase: That is right. We are secretly following her!

<Steps That Add Up>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Chisato: Once I bring these documents to the teacher, I suppose I will be able to go home...
Chisato: I didn't think much of the task when I accepted it, but it took longer than I had expected.
???: Men~!
Chisato: Oh...? That voice just now...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Pant... Pant... Thank you very much!
Chisato: Working hard on your club activities, I see, Eve-chan.
Eve: Chisato-san! Did you come to watch our practice?
Chisato: Yes. Your voice echoed out into the hallway, so I got curious and came to have a peek.
Chisato: You seem extremely motivated. Do you have a match coming up soon?
Eve: No, it is always like this in kendo club! Whether we have a match planned or not, our practice is always done with all our strength.
Chisato: You're always this enthusiastic? That's amazing... Although I do hear that practice for our school's kendo club is quite tough.
Eve: Yes, I suppose we do have quite a lot of things to do.
Eve: In addition to practicing with bamboo swords, we also always do strength training and basic training.
Eve: Occasionally, there are even days where we do endurance training the whole time!
Chisato: So you'll run for your entire club practice...?!
Eve: Yes! It feels good to run while shouting out words of encouragement to everyone else!
Eve: However, we run many laps around the school, so partway through, I run out of breath and my voice becomes quieter...
Chisato: I believe that is quite normal, Eve-chan.
Eve: No, it is because I am inexperienced!
Eve: The senior club members encourage all of us in loud voices from the beginning to the end.
Eve: I must devote my full strength to my daily diligence so that I can be like them in the future!
Chisato: You aren't lazy no matter what you are doing... That is very you, Eve-chan.
Chisato: I suppose that is why you can do so many things at once.
Chisato: You have three different clubs, our activities for Pastel＊Palettes, your individual assignments, and a part-time job... If you think about it normally, you might grow lax in at least one of those.
Eve: I could never do something so wasteful! I am doing them all because I enjoy each activity!
Eve: In particular, I am in the kendo club to train my mind and body, so there would be no point in doing it lazily.
Chisato: Oh my, was that the reason?
Eve: Yes. If I train myself daily in accordance with bushido, that will become strength that I can use to protect the people important to me.
Eve: On the other hand, if I am negligent in my training, I may not be able to do anything when necessary and end up regretting it...
Eve: I do not want that to happen! If the people important to me are in trouble, I absolutely want to help them.
Eve: Ah, I will of course be careful not to jump to conclusions like I did the other day with Aya-san...!
Chisato: Fufu. I know you won't, so it's okay, Eve-chan.
Chisato: Also, I know firsthand how important it is to be prepared for critical moments.
Chisato: I am made painfully aware of that during each of my auditions.
Eve: Oh, auditions...! You certainly have a point!
Eve: For model work, you must practice your walking and study posing daily so that you are prepared for whenever an audition comes.
Chisato: It's the same for dramas. When a call for an audition comes in, it is already too late to get flustered.
Chisato: Perhaps hasty preparation doesn't mesh well with either work or bushido.
Eve: I think that's it!
Eve: That is why I must continue my daily diligence as I aim for the peaks of bushido and the entertainment industry.
Chisato: I wasn't intending to say something that grandiose...
Eve: Ah... I am sorry, Chisato-san. It is about time that we have to clean up, so I will excuse myself here.
Chisato: Not at all. I'm sorry to have held you up at the end of your club meeting. Good luck with cleanup.
Eve: Thank you very much! I will do my absolute best!


<The Essence of Period Dramas>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Thanks for your hard work, {{userName}}-san. Why don't we take a break? ... Huh? I wonder if that's Eve-chan over there.
Marina: Hello, Eve-chan. Are you off from work today?
Eve: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello!
Eve: Actually, I will be having a preparatory meeting for my radio program after this, but I had some time, so I came for some tea!
Marina: I see. Glad to know you're working hard! Speaking of which, I listened to one of your previous radio broadcasts.
Eve: Thank you very much. I am so happy to hear that! Which broadcast did you listen to?
Marina: Let me see~. It was the one where you talked about period dramas. You know, like "The Lone Swordsman".
Marina: I've never really been all that interested in period dramas until now, but hearing you talk about them was really entertaining.
Eve: I myself had a lot of fun talking about them during that broadcast!
Marina: Fufu. You seemed to have so much fun talking about it, I actually tried watching "The Lone Swordsman". It's pretty interesting.
Eve: I am glad to hear that! Having someone praise my favorite work makes me so happy!
Eve: I previously talked about the fourteenth episode, but I recommend the thirty-seventh episode as well!
Eve: That episode is brimming with the merits of human empathy, and the protagonist's actions during the final scene were particularly-
Eve: Oops, I should stop! I was almost about to spoil the episode!
Marina: Fufu. It must be good for you to say that much. Now I'm curious to see what happens in that episode too~.
Eve: The thirty-seventh episode is also available on streaming websites, so please do watch it when you have the time.
Marina: Thanks, I'll give it a watch the next chance I get! I have to say though, you really do like "The Lone Swordsman", don't you, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes, I love it! But it is not just that show. I like all period dramas.
Eve: That is because when all is said and done, period dramas are packed with bushido! I also like the aspect of poetic justice.
Marina: Poetic justice is where good people are saved and evil people are punished... right?
Eve: Yes, exactly!
Eve: It is saddening for me to see good people meet with misfortune, even if it is in a drama.
Eve: But in period dramas, the protagonist will always help people like that!
Marina: That's true. There are a lot of works that have happy endings.
Eve: Yes!  I truly do wish for people that do good deeds and work hard to be rewarded.
Eve: After joining Pastel＊Palettes and watching the other members every day, I think that more and more.
Marina: Mhm. All of you in Pastel＊Palettes are always doing your very best, after all.
Marina: We'll keep cheering you on from the sidelines!
Eve: Thank you very much! We shall devote ourselves daily so that we live up to your support!
