1389_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Take the Test Seriously

<How to Enjoy History>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Hagumi: Hmm, umm... Ah, Hina-chan-sensei taught me about this yesterday!
Eve: Hagumi-san, how is your studying going?
Hagumi: Ah, Eve-chin! It's going pretty good!
Hagumi: Thanks to Hina-chan-sensei, I kinda like studying now!
Eve: Is that so?! That is great. I was wondering how you had been doing ever since we talked about it.
Eve: I was the one who suggested studying together, but I could not meet with you after school. I am sorry...
Hagumi: It's cool. Don't worry about it! You were busy with work! And you have club activities and your part-time job too.
Hagumi: I was just really happy that you even said we should study together!
Eve: Hagumi-san... Thank you...!
Eve: But since I was the one who suggested it, I will at least study with you when I can!
Hagumi: Whoa, really? Thanks, Eve-chin! That really makes me wanna study!
Eve: By the way, what were you studying just now?
Hagumi: Um, history! Ah, Eve-chin, call out some different years from the textbook.
Hagumi: I'll try to guess what happened during that year!
Eve: You would like me to say the years? Okay! So...
Eve: Question one! In 1853, who came to Japan on the black ships?
Hagumi: Ah! Hina-chan-sensei taught me that one yesterday! Umm, lemme think~...
Hagumi: Umm, umm... Mr. Whale?
Eve: You are close! One reason the person came was for whales...
Eve: I will give you a small hint. Their name starts with "P"!
Hagumi: Uhh... P... P... Pero-san...?
Eve: Err, you almost have it!
Hagumi: Peron-san!
Eve: Incorrect! You are just a little off!
Eve: The answer is... Perry-san!
Hagumi: Ah, that's the guy! Perry-san!
Eve: You were close. Just a little more, and you would have had it!
Hagumi: Oh no~! I'll get it right for sure next time~!
Eve: By the way, Perry-san is the person who came here from America to ask Japan to open its borders.
Eve: The Americans wanted Japan to open up for many reasons, but it is said that one was to procure resources for whaling.
Hagumi: Whaling? Resources?
Hagumi: I don't really get it, but Perry-san sure did sail from a long way away to get here!
Eve: Yes, he did. I believe it took him around seven months.
Hagumi: It took that long, huh~? Ah... If it took that much time, I wonder if Perry-san ever got sad.
Hagumi: Adventures are super fun, but if I had to spend seven months at sea, I'd miss my family and Hello, Happy World!...
Eve: That is true... I am sure that Perry-san felt many things...
Eve: But I believe that Perry-san had his own unwavering bushido spirit.
Hagumi: Unwavering bushido spirit?
Eve: Yes. For example, even if he was lonely or worried, he was determined to reach his destination. I think he must have felt a great sense of purpose.
Eve: If he did not, I do not think he would have been able to sail from so far away to come to Japan.
Hagumi: Maybe you're right...! I bet Perry-san had some special help too.
Hagumi: I kinda feel like knowing how historical people felt can make studying about 'em more fun!
Eve: It can! But if you only memorize the dates and years, you may not be able to remember the people well...
Eve: We can feel closer to a person by thinking about what kind of bushido spirit they had at that time.
Eve: If you can do that, it makes watching period dramas when those people were alive much more interesting!
Hagumi: I bet! Eve-chin, thank you~! I like studying history a bit more now!
Eve: Fufu. I am just happy I could help a little!
Hagumi: All right, I'm gonna study history even harder~!
Hagumi: Ah! Hey, Eve-chin?! Once I know a bunch more about famous people in history, I wanna watch one of your favorite period dramas with you!
Eve: Of course! I know so many good period dramas that it may be hard for me to choose one.
Hagumi: Then we can watch all the ones you like! I think it'd be really fun to watch them with you!
Eve: Hagumi-san...! Yes, I would love to do that! I am very excited to watch period dramas with you!
Hagumi: Me too! Eve-chin, ask me the next question! I'll answer right away!
Eve: Okay! Here is... your second question!


<Things I Did Not Know>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Residential Area - Back Alley]

Marina: Phew~, we've finished our shopping, so how about we take a break when we get back to CiRCLE?
Marina: Hrm? Is that... Hey~, Eve-chan.
Eve: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi, Eve-chan. Are those... sweets you're holding? The wrapping is so nice.
Eve: Yes. I made ginger cookies. I wanted to congratulate Hagumi-san for finishing her special classes with a present!
Marina: Oh, really? What were the classes for?
Eve: Hagumi-san didn't pass her makeup test, so our teacher was helping her study with extra classes after school.
Marina: Oh, I see. Special classes must've been tough for Hagumi-chan.
Eve: Hagumi-san is actually being very positive about them.
Eve: Before taking the makeup test, she really hated studying. But then Hina-san tutored her for the test, and now she likes studying.
Marina: Oh, yeah? Hagumi-chan really does look like she's been enjoying studying recently.
Eve: Yes, she has been! Hagumi-san seemed really happy studying for the makeup test.
Eve: Hina-san thought of many interesting ways to teach Hagumi-san so she would enjoy learning.
Eve: Thanks to that, Hagumi-san likes studying a little more than she used to.
Marina: That's great. Overcoming things you're not good at is one of the most important things to do when you're learning something.
Eve: Yes. And most of all, I am happy that this has made Hina-san and Hagumi-san even better friends.
Marina: Fufu. That's just wonderful.
Eve: Yes, it is! Hina-san is like Hagumi-san's big sister. She tried many fun ways to help Hagumi-san learn. It was so nice to see them together.
Eve: Even with Pastel＊Palettes, I have never seen Hina-san like that before. I was able to see a different side of her.
Marina: Yeah. Now that I think about it, I might've had the impression that Hina-chan was more likely to be the one asking things of others.
Marina: You think you know someone well when you've known them for a long time, but in reality, there may be sides to them that you haven't seen yet.
Eve: Yes, that is true. I am very happy to see new things that I did not know about.
Eve: To consider another person's perspective and teach them accordingly... When she is helping Hagumi-san study, I feel a strong bushido spirit within her!
Marina: Uh-huh. If you don't think about things from the other person's perspective, it's hard to teach them in a way they can easily understand.
Marina: Ah, sorry! I'm holding you up. You're going to Hagumi-chan's place, right?
Eve: No, it is fine! Thank you for talking with me.
Eve: I will take my leave now, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Yeah, see you. Be careful.
