1412_Eve Wakamiya_R4 For a Friend's Convictions

Gacha phrase: We have accepted your sentiment!

<So That I Do Not Lose>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Staff: ... Now then, let's end the meeting here. We'll be counting on you for next week's location shoot!
Aya: Please leave it to us!
Hina: Mm~, we're finally done. This shoot sounds like it'll be fun.
Aya: Mhm! Introducing snow sculptures at a snow festival isn't something you get to experience very often~.
Eve: I am looking forward to seeing what kind of sculptures the participants make!
Aya: We'll have to get the script memorized by the day of the event.
Hina: Aya-chan, it'd be great if you don't stammer your words during the actual event, huh?
Aya: Ngh... I-I'll do my best. More importantly! What are the two of you doing after this?
Hina: We've got rehearsal for our concert in the evening, right? Are Chisato-chan and Maya-chan heading straight there after their assignment?
Aya: Yeah, that's right! Do you want to head there first and practice with just the three of us? There are some parts that I want to go over.
Hina: Hmm. I'd like to take a little break before that, though.
Aya: Ah, good point. Our meeting was pretty long, wasn't it?
Hina: So, why don't we go to Tsugu-chan's place? Then after that, the three of us can start rehearsing!
Aya: Okay, sure! Eve-chan, do you have time?
Eve: I am sorry. I am glad you invited me, but there is somewhere I would like to go...
Eve: Would it be alright if I meet up with you when you start practicing?
Hina: You have somewhere you wanna go? Where?
Eve: Ryuseido! I am thinking of looking at the armor to charge up my bushido!
Hina: Ah, you mean the armor we all went to see last time?
Aya: That was nice~. I remember being surprised because the armor was a lot more impressive than I'd imagined.
Eve: Yes! That is why I always visit Ryuseido before we have an important event!
Aya: I see~. Our new song this time around is different than previous Pastel＊Palettes songs.
Aya: I totally understand why you'd want to motivate yourself more than ever.
Eve: Thank you very much! But that is not the only reason.
Eve: I also feel that... I cannot lose to Maya-san.
Hina: ...? What do you mean?
Eve: Her drive towards the new song has an intensity to it.
Eve: In order to accept her bushido, I must display a level of bushido that does not lose to hers.
Eve: All of us in Pastel＊Palettes must combine our strength to perfect the new song, and yet...
Eve: If I am swallowed up by Maya-san's bushido, I will not be able to do that...
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: That is why I will charge up my bushido, and work together with her and the rest of you to show that we can play the new song perfectly!
Aya: Yeah, you're right... All of us together are Pastel＊Palettes, after all. I don't want to lose to Maya-chan either!
Aya: Eve-chan, would it be okay if I went with you to see the armor? We've got to charge our bushido before the concert!
Eve: Of course! Let's go together!
Hina: Ahaha, the two of you look like you're going off to a duel.
Hina: Nice, nice! That sounds like fun, so I'll tag along. I can go out for tea any time.
Aya: In that case, let's go right away! I'm kind of feeling fired up right now!
Eve: That is proof that you are already brimming with bushido!
Aya: I see... So this is bushido!
Eve: Once you see the armor, that bushido will swell even more!
Eve: Now then, let us be on our way!
Aya & Hina: Yeah!


<To See Her Smile>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew... We finally managed to reach a good stopping place with organizing those documents.
Marina: What do you want to drink, {{userName}}-san? We'll need a good breather so that we can slug through the rest!
Eve: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Eve-chan! Hi. Here to visit?
Eve: Yes! I had an errand nearby, so I decided to come and see the two of you!
Marina: How nice of you to say that~. Ah, by the way, we heard your new song.
Marina: It had a different feel from your previous ones. You switched songs right before your concert, right?
Marina: Maya-chan mentioned how she made what she thought was a somewhat selfish request.
Eve: It was not selfish at all...
Eve: Her overwhelming desire to play the song was obvious at the time.
Eve: Of course, the rest of us were also excited about getting to play a song that was so unlike our usual ones, but...
Eve: We thought it was just as important for her to stay true to her desire to play it.
Marina: Well, being unable to go through with something you really want to do can lead to regrets that last forever.
Eve: Exactly! That is why I am so glad we were able to perform the new song at our last concert.
Eve: I still cannot forget Maya-san's smile on stage after we finished playing it.
Marina: I see, I see. It was probably an unforgettable experience for her too.
Marina: Not only was she able to make her wish come true, she even had everybody's support...
Marina: I'm sure it made her very happy.
Eve: Fufu... I hope so.
Marina: All this talk is making me want to listen to your new song again.
Marina: ... Oops, are you okay on time? We've been at it for a while.
Eve: ... ! I did not realize. I must go to the agency right away...!
Marina: Ah, you have work after this? Sorry to have held you up.
Eve: No, no. I should be the one thanking you both for listening to everything I had to say!
Eve: Now then, please excuse me!
Marina: All right, see you.
