1466_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Please Leave It to Me!

<Using Every Spare Moment>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Filming Studio]

Aya: How about something like this? Should we take more shots of different poses?
Staff: Nope, that's perfect! That wraps up today's shoot! Thanks for your patience!
Aya: Good job, everyone~!
Chisato: We've all been given the thumbs up. Let's return to the dressing room.
Maya: Yes, I'd like to confirm our schedules for the coming days. Oh? Where's Eve-san...?
Eve: ...
Hina: Ah, she's standing over there. Perhaps she's concentrating her mind on something.
Maya: It sure looks that way... I'll go fetch her!
Maya: Eve-san, the photoshoot has ended...
Eve: ...
Maya: (Why is she moving her fingers... as if she's playing the keyboard? Wait, is she mentally rehearsing for the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!?)
Maya: (Fufu, Eve-san sure is a hard worker.)
Eve: ... Ah, Maya-san! Is the photoshoot over?
Maya: Yes. Let's go back to the dressing room.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Eve: I think I have time tomorrow between our meeting and the recording session to help assist with the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! preparations!
Maya: Me too!  We can't stay for very long, but let's do our best to help out as much as we can.
Aya: Hmm, I don't think Chisato-chan and I can make it...
Chisato: No, we have a full day of shooting on location tomorrow, unfortunately... How about you, Hina-chan?
Hina: Umm, I've also got a shoot and an interview to do. But I'll try and coordinate it somehow. I'd love to go, even if it's just for a little while♪
Eve: I know how you feel, Hina-san! I was thinking back to the Girls Band Party recently and it made me feel kind of nostalgic.
Maya: Come to think of it, that was the event that allowed us to get to know the other bands, wasn't it?
Eve: Yes! I still treasure the T-shirts I made with Lisa-san and the others.
Eve: This time, we have the opportunity to become friendly with Morfonica and RAS too. I can hardly wait!
Maya: Huhehe, I feel exactly the same way. I understand the urge to rehearse the performance in your mind, Eve-san.
Eve: Huh? Maya-san, how did you know I was...?
Maya: Ah, I happened to see it earlier. There was a very clear imaginary keyboard under your hands.
Eve: I did not realize you were watching.
Chisato: Well, every moment we have counts right now, no matter how small.
Eve: Yes. We have so little time to physically practice with our instruments that I want to fill every spare moment.
Aya: Uh-huh. You need to be diligent when it comes to stuff like this! Maybe I'll give it a try too~♪
Chisato: Yes. Let us all follow Eve-chan's good example and each find our own time to practice.
Eve: I-it is nothing, really! I am simply doing what I need to, just as you did before, Chisato-san.
Aya: Just as Chisato-chan did? What are you referring to again?
Hina: Ahh, I think she's talking about the first Girls Band Party. Chisato-chan was late on the day because of a last-minute job, remember? That's gotta be it, right?
Chisato: Back then... the other bands kindly changed the order they took to the stage for me. I really inconvenienced everybody...
Hina: Well, at least you made it. And our performance went off without a hitch, so it all worked out in the end, right?
Eve: Yes! Not to mention, you were cool, calm, and collected as you stood on that stage, Chisato-san. You showed me what it is to be a professional. You inspired me!
Eve: And because we practice so tirelessly every day, when it came to the concert, our performance went smoothly.
Eve: That is why I wish to perfect my playing so that I am always prepared, no matter what happens!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan, you speak too highly of me. I only did what any professional would do...
Eve: Nonetheless, I was impressed by you in that moment, Chisato-san!
Chisato: I see. That day certainly was challenging, but I'm happy to hear that, Eve-chan.
Aya: Listening to Eve-chan's story is giving me even more motivation~! I've got to practice even harder!
Eve: Yes! Let us all do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Eve: (We have forty-five minutes... until we have to leave the agency. I cannot waste this precious practice time...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Ah, nice to see you, Eve-chan! Good morning!
Eve: Aya-san?! You are all here too...! What are you doing here so early in the morning?
Hina: Ahaha, we could ask you the same thing. I came here to practice and found Aya-chan and the others already rehearsing!
Aya: Just a little session before work! I was expecting to practice alone, so I'm happy you all came~!
Maya: Yes, after our discussion yesterday, I decided to practice as much as possible. Even if it's only for one extra second.
Chisato: Fufu, it seems we were all thinking the same thing.
Eve: We were...!
Maya: Well then, shall we play the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! song?
Eve: Yes! Let us push ourselves to the limit!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<This Energy Comes from Bushido>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Phew~, talk about another busy day~. We should go home and get some rest so we're not too tired tomorrow.
Marina: Oh? Isn't that Eve-chan sitting on that bench over there? Hello!
Eve: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Nice to see you!
Marina: How are you? Hey, is that a script you're reading?
Eve: Yes! I am on my way to record All Day＊Bushido, so I was double-checking today's content!
Eve: I will be promoting the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!, so please listen if you have the time!
Marina: Then I'll definitely listen! Thanks, Eve-chan!
Eve: It is my pleasure! I cannot participate very much in the event preparations, so I will contribute where I can!
Marina: Fufu. I'm glad you feel that way. I appreciate it.
Marina: You're always so full of energy. I admire you, Eve-chan~.
Eve: Huh? Really?
Marina: Yes, of course~! The truth is, we were feeling a little burnt out from all the work involved in the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! preparations...
Marina: Whereas you have school, club activities, and part-time work commitments, and yet you still manage to do so much for this event.
Marina: That's why I think you're amazing.
Eve: Not at all. I am simply doing what I need to do!
Eve: I dedicate my heart and soul to my duties. That is my bushido spirit!
Eve: And above all, I am really looking forward to this event, so I want to give it my all!
Eve: When I think about performing on the same stage with everyone, I cannot control my excitement!
Marina: Fufu, knowing you feel that way makes me so happy I accepted your help.
Marina: You've re-energized me, Eve-chan~. We need to take a leaf out of your book, and do our best!
Eve: Yes! Let us apply ourselves together!
Eve: Ah, is that the time already? My apologies, I must get going...
Marina: Sorry for keeping you. Good luck with your recording! I'm looking forward to the broadcast!
Eve: Thank you! Well then, if you will excuse me. I will visit you later to assist with event preparations!
