1521_Eve Wakamiya_R2 Blessings Bundled

<Infectious Feelings>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Hello!
Tsukushi: Welcome to- Oh, Eve-senpai! What are those for?!
Tsugumi: Wow, what giant bouquets...! But, Eve-chan, isn't it your day off today?
Eve: I'm here because I wanted to give these flowers to you both! So, here you go!
Tsugumi: Wow, they're beautiful... Thank you, Eve-chan!
Tsukushi: Thank you so much! But why flowers all of a sudden?
Eve: I got them earlier today. I was just at a wedding party of one of our variety program staff members.
Eve: As we were leaving, the staff from the venue gave out the flowers from the party. That's how I got these bouquets.
Tsukushi: You went to a wedding party?! That sounds so lovely and gorgeous. How nice...
Tsugumi: Fufu. Seeing these bouquets makes me think of your wedding ceremony, Eve-chan.
Tsukushi: What? Eve-senpai's wedding?! Wait, are you married?!
Tsugumi: Ah, sorry, sorry! That was a weird way of putting it. She didn't actually have a wedding ceremony...
Eve: I did some work for a wedding magazine. I wore a wedding dress and did a photo shoot.
Tsukushi: Th-that's what you meant~. You scared me there~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Sorry about that.
Tsugumi: I also attended that photo shoot as one of Eve-chan's bridesmaids. Kasumi-chan, Arisa-chan, and Ran-chan were all there too.
Tsukushi: A bridesmaid is someone who stays with the bride and supports her, right? That must mean everyone wore pretty dresses.
Tsukushi: I wish I could've seen you two all dressed up..!
Eve: I have some pictures on my phone, actually. The ones we took after the photo shoot... Ah, here they are!
Tsukushi: Wow, everyone looks so beautiful! What nice smiles. I can tell you all had a fun time doing the photo shoot!
Tsukushi: I must say, you really look like a bride in that wedding dress, Eve-senpai... How wonderful...
Eve: Fufu, thank you very much. It's an absolute honor to hear that as a model.
Eve: But the real bride I saw today was very lovely, too. Her smile was bright and sparkly, and she radiated happiness all around her...
Tsugumi: Fufu. It must've spread to you because you look so happy right now.
Eve: Ehehe, is that so? I guess happiness is something infectious that you can pass on to others.
Eve: The stars of the day, the bride and the groom, relayed their happiness to everyone at the party...
Eve: And I, of course, became filled with happiness myself! So I was hoping to share some of this with the two of you...
Tsugumi: That's why you brought us the bouquets!
Tsukushi: Eve-senpai...!
Tsukushi: Thank you so much for the flowers! I'll make sure to put them up nicely at home! Fufu. My sisters are going to be delighted~!
Tsugumi: Then I'll keep my flowers in the shop. I hope this feeling of happiness can spread to the customers, too.
Eve: Yes! That would be wonderful!
Tsugumi: That's right, Eve-chan. Do you have time right now?  We're about to go on break soon, but would you like to have tea together?
Eve: Would that be okay?
Tsukushi: Of course! We even have seasonal fruit tarts today. I bet they'd taste even better if we ate them together!
Eve: Thank you so much! Please allow me to join you.
Tsugumi: In that case, Tsukushi-chan, could I ask you to prepare three sets of tea and fruit tarts?
Tsukushi: Sure! I'll get on it right away!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan, I'd love to hear more about the wedding party while we're having tea.
Eve: Of course. I would love to share, as it was a wonderful and memorable time for me!


<Symbol of Joy>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Downtown]

Eve: Hmm... I guess I should go with white? But the pink roses are lovely too...
Marina: Hello, Eve-chan!
Eve: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: You're really focused on looking at those flowers. Are you picking some out for the flower arrangement club?
Eve: Oh, no, this isn't for club activities. I haven't made a bouquet in a long time and was thinking of making one.
Marina: I see. Did something happen to spark this desire?
Eve: Actually, we were invited to the wedding party of our variety program director.
Marina: Ahh, I heard about that from Aya-chan. It sounded like a fabulous party.
Eve: Yes! It was indeed wonderful.
Eve: The dress was gorgeous, and the venue was beautiful. But the bride's bouquet left a deep impression on me, as it looked like it represented happiness.
Marina: I see~. So that's why you want to make a bouquet. That reminds me, you've made bouquets at a job before, haven't you?
Eve: Yes! I was hoping to make use of the experience I gained from that job to make one.
Eve: We performed at the wedding as the entertainment, and everyone, including the bride and the groom, was delighted...
Eve: I hope our song felt like a gift of flowers for the special couple. That would make me very happy.
Marina: I'm sure your song was like a bunch of beautiful flowers to them.
Eve: I feel so blessed to have been able to celebrate their wedding with them in an atmosphere filled with happiness!
Eve: I want to make a bouquet that represents what I felt during that party.
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure it'll turn out lovely. Have fun making it!
Eve: Yes! Anyway, I will take my leave now. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you very much for listening to me.
