1533_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Don't worry, I will show you how! Let us do this together!

<5 Birthday Samurai>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Eve: Thank you for celebrating my birthday on my radio show today! The decorations in the radio booth were so nice~!
Chisato: I'm glad you liked them. We talked to the staff and decided to make Japanese-style decorations.
Aya: Eve-chan, you've been making origami in the dressing room a lot lately. You even mentioned it on air, so we thought we'd decorate with different kinds of origami~☆
Eve: That is right! I like this rabbit so much that I brought it back with me.
Hina: Ahaha~, isn't that the cat you made, Aya-chan? It looked way funnier when you first started making it! And that's one of the better ones you made too♪
Aya: Hey, Hina-chan...! If Eve-chan likes it, then who cares if it's a cat or a rabbit or whatever~!
Maya: Ahaha... You said you were even sending origami in your letters to Hanne-san, right?
Eve: Yes! She was very happy when she received the crane I made for her! Ever since then, I have been making many kinds of origami!
Aya: I think I might be getting into origami too~. It was really hard for me to make that cat you're holding, but I was so happy when I was finally finished!
Eve: That is how it makes you feel! I am happy you understand how fun origami is. Talking about it has made me want to make some with everyone...!
Eve: Um... There they are! Why don't we make something with these?
Hina: Wow~! There are so many different kinds~! I'm gonna make an alien with this sparkly paper♪
Eve: I really like that origami paper! You can see different colors depending on which angle you look at it from!
Aya: Maybe I'll try doing a cat again~. I'll make sure it doesn't come out looking like a rabbit this time! Eve-chan, what are you going to make~?
Eve: A warrior!
Chisato: You can make something like that with origami paper? You're amazing...!
Eve: Why don't we all make warriors together?
Hina: Ah! Hey, I just had a super boppin'~ idea♪ Why don't we all make warriors and have a paper sumo fight?
Maya: That sounds like a great idea! We even have an empty cake box we could use!
Eve: Wow~! This sounds fun! Let's use each of our signature colors and make Pastel＊Palettes warriors!
Aya: I like that! Alright, I'm going to make a cool, strong warrior~!
Chisato: It sounds difficult, but I guess I'll try making one too...
Eve: Don't worry, I will show you how! Let us do this together!


<Origami Is Like Band>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Phew~, I'm going to work hard again today too~!
Tsukushi: Good morning, Eve-senpai! Hrm...? What are you doing?
Eve: I am making origami! It is almost time for the Tanabata Festival, and I have been chosen to decorate the shop with origami! Why don't you make some with me?
Tsukushi: Okay! That sounds fun~! I'll go get Tsugumi-senpai too!
Eve: Her mother asked her to do some shopping, so why don't we get started first?
Eve: Please use any of the origami paper here!
Tsukushi: Okay! I often make origami with my sisters, so I'm pretty good at it! You've been making them a lot recently, haven't you?
Eve: Yes, I have! I started making them as gifts to send to friends in Finland, but then I became obsessed! The other day, I made origami warriors with my band!
Tsukushi: Origami warriors?! You can make something like that?
Eve: Yes, it is actually quite simple! Look, here is a picture of the five warriors we made!
Tsukushi: Oh, wow~! They're wonderful~! The warrior in the middle kind of looks like a rabbit!
Eve: Fufu, it is cute. This is the warrior that Aya-san made. The maedate are sticking straight up, so it looks like a rabbit.
Tsukushi: Where are the maedate...?
Eve: They are the horn-looking pieces on the front top part of the helmet! They look like rabbit ears.
Tsukushi: Oh, okay! Even though they are all warriors, each one looks unique!
Eve: Making origami is a lot of fun because even if you are trying the same kind of origami, the angles you fold the paper at will make little changes to your finished piece.
Eve: And if there is origami you have a hard time making in the beginning, you will eventually be able to make it better the more you try it!
Eve: I think maybe one of the charms of origami is that you can realize how skilled you are!
Tsukushi: I feel like the same goes for band practice too!
Eve: Fufu, yes, you may be right!
Tsukushi: I guess everything takes practice! How can I help you decorate for the Tanabata Festival?
Eve: I am going to make Hikoboshi now, so please make Orihime.
Tsukushi: I'm on it! Hey, I'll learn how to make this, and then maybe I'll teach my sisters.
Eve: I am sure that would make them happy!
