1597_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Butterfly Tea Party

Gacha phrase: There's no such thing as being too late to start something.

<A Fortuneteller is Born☆>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Wow, this butterfly hair clip is so cute~! What do they call this color... lapis lazuli?
Maya: This tea set is also really nice! I like how it's both simple and refined.
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. Kanon helped me pick them out.
Eve: My recommendation is this stuffed rabbit doll! There were more than I could count at the shop, so I could not help but buy one!
Hina: Morning~! ... What're you all doing?
Eve: Hina-san! Good morning!
Aya: Right now, we're taking a look at all the souvenirs that Eve-chan and Chisato-chan brought back from the theme park they went to!
Eve: We have enough for you too, so please pick one!
Hina: Oh, really~?! Thanks, you two~. How was the park?
Chisato: It had quite the atmosphere. It had cobblestone pavement, brick houses, and all sorts of the like.
Eve: Yes! There were also people with cat ears, and a blonde-haired maid with fangs!
Hina: Whoa~, sounds pretty weird. I wanna check it out sometime, too~.
Eve: It was a lot of fun! We also took lots of pictures, so we will show you them later!
Eve: Not only that, they had a limited-time fortunetelling event going on, so I had my fortune told!
Aya: Huh? Fortunetelling?! Oooh, I'm so jealous~.
Hina: But fortunetelling's actually all just them telling you really vague stuff that applies to everyone, right~? So are they actually reading the future~?
Chisato: Hina-chan... You caused a lot of problems for that fortuneteller who showed up on All Fun and Games the other day, too...
Maya: Well, there's actually a lot of people who do make predictions that come true, so I'm sure they're not just wild guesses.
Aya: So? How did your fortunetelling go?!
Eve: It was amazing! The fortuneteller got Chisato-san and Kaoru-san's relationship perfectly! Completely!
Chisato: Yes. It was quite strange... She seemed very sure of herself.
Eve: That person... She read my fortune, along with Kaoru-san and Kanon-san's.
Eve: She said that the beliefs that I hold true would bear fruit, and that I would be given the chance to have my voice heard by many more people.
Eve: And would you believe it? After that, I was told that "All Day＊Bushido" would be getting a one-hour special broadcast!
Hina: Huh! That does sound like she got it right. I wonder how she does it~? That's so weird~.
Eve: Yes, it is very weird! And the fortuneteller was so mysterious and cool...
Eve: I could not help myself from buying a fortunetelling book!
All: "Real☆Fortunetelling For Beginners" ...?
Eve: This book holds the guidelines for fortunetelling and directions on how to actually do it!
Maya: Whoa~... The cover's got a really mystic feel to it, huh? Could I take a look?
Chisato: It says here what fortunetelling is actually all about, I see. This certainly does look real, I suppose.
Hina: There's directions in here for using the leftover tea leaves in the bottoms of teacups to read fortunes. It's kinda funny how they can turn anything into fortunetelling~.
Chisato: Palm reading, horoscopes... These all do look easy enough for beginners to do.
Eve: The fortuneteller at the theme park had a beautiful crystal ball!
Aya: There's all sorts of ways to do fortunetelling, huh? I'm getting kind of excited!
Hina: Oh, I've got an idea! Hey, Eve-chan, read our fortunes for us!
Eve: R-right now?!
Hina: Yeah! You can pick something easy, come on~!
Maya: H-Hina-san, you can't suddenly ask her like that.
Eve: ... No, I will do it! I am still a beginner, but there is no better path to improvement than actual experience! I will read your fortunes!
Hina: That's our Eve-chan for you! So reliable~!
Eve: Well then... I will start with Aya-san!
Aya: Huh?! M-Me...? Oh, I'm getting a little nervous...
Eve: Stare~...
Aya: E-Eve-chan...? If you stare at me that hard, I'm going to start feeling a little embarrassed...
Eve: Hmph?! Aya-san...! This is...!
Aya: Wh-What?! Why are you frowning like that? Did you see something bad, or...?
Eve: Here is what I see! You will bring happiness to all the people around you with your dazzling smile!
Aya: ... Huh?
Chisato: Fufu. Well, she certainly isn't wrong.
Eve: This book says to say the first thing that pops into your head! And when I looked at Aya-san, that is the first thing that I thought of!
Eve: Next is Maya-san! Stare~... Maya-san, you... will be deeply appreciated by all the staff because of how quick-thinking and helpful you are!
Eve: Chisato-san, you... Stare~... You will do an amazing job as a detective's assistant in a drama!
Hina: What about me, Eve-chan~?
Eve: Hina-san will... Stare~... You will say something funny on TV and make the whole studio laugh!
Hina: Ahaha, that's what I always do, though~. That's not a fortune!
Eve: That is the first thing that I thought of! Besides, just because you all think that those things may be normal, they are absolutely not to be taken for granted!
Hina: Taken for granted...? What do you mean?
Eve: It is because of how hard we work every day that things are going so well for us!
Eve: So the reason why you all have such wonderful futures ahead of you is because you worked so hard to make them happen!
Maya: Eve-san...! You're right, predicting the future is still in the end, predicting. Our futures are the results of our actions, after all.
Chisato: Fufu. That's a wonderful way of thinking about it.
Aya: Yeah! Instead of just waiting for a fortune to happen, we work hard to make that future come true... That feels just like something idols would do!
Aya: Alright... Then last, I'll read your fortune, Eve-chan!
Eve: You will, for me...?
Aya: Yup! You did such a good job for me, after all!
Aya: Let's see here~... Eve-chan, your energy and honesty will encourage everyone to think more positively! ... How's that?
Eve: Aya-san...! I am so happy!
Maya: True, we're always realizing things thanks to Eve-san's straightforwardness.
Chisato: Fufu. Good for you, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes! Thank you so much, everyone!


<How to Make a Good Future Happen>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Eve: Hmmm... If the card is revealed upside down, the meaning of the card is reversed...
Marina: Hey, Eve-chan. What sort of book is that you're reading?
Eve: Marina-san! Hello! This is a book about fortunetelling!
Marina: "Real☆Fortunetelling For Beginners"...? Fufu, sounds interesting.
Marina: But why the sudden interest now?
Eve: Well, actually... The other day, Kanon-san, Kaoru-san, Chisato-san and I went to a theme park that has recently become popular!
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Kanon-chan the other day. You got your fortunes told, right?
Eve: Yes! Not only that, but the same thing happened on All Fun and Games before, so I became curious... That is why I bought this book.
Eve: My fortune from the theme park was amazing! It said something very nice was going to happen to me in the future, and it came true!
Marina: Wow, that is amazing. What's the nice thing that happened?
Eve: My radio show "All Day＊Bushido" has been scheduled for a one-hour special broadcast!
Marina: Oh, wow! Congratulations, Eve-chan! Good for you.
Eve: Yes! Thank you very much! Still, fortunetelling is very mysterious...
Marina: Fufu, it is, isn't it? The idea of being able to see into the future... Something that no one should know.
Eve: Right! Now, after reading this book and learning about fortunetelling...
Eve: I try to do divinations and read people's fortunes every day, and sometimes, I see very bad things.
Eve: And when I'm feeling down, seeing those sorts of results especially makes me worry...
Marina: I totally know what you mean. When I read my daily fortune and it's something bad, it sticks with me a little.
Eve: Me too! But I realized that if all you do is believe in the result without trying to do anything about it, there is no way a good future could possibly happen.
Marina: That's true. At times like that, it's important to perk up and push through.
Eve: Yes! I feel the same way when I get a good result, too though.
Eve: If all you do is believe that something good will happen and stop working hard, then there is no way that good fortune will come true!
Eve: The future is the result of your actions, not any sort of fortunetelling!
Marina: That's a good point. In the end, it all comes down to you.
Eve: Exactly! Which is why from now on, I will work even harder than ever before so that I can forge my own good future!
Marina: Fufu, that's the spirit. It makes me want to give it my all every day, too.
Eve: Thank you very much! Let us both do our best together!
