1656_Eve Wakamiya_R4 Hug and Squeeze

Gacha phrase: I will... see you off. Please let me do that.

<The Secret of the Planner>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Tae: Look, I made a video of Oddie and my other rabbits playing with stuffed animals. This is Danjuro clucking happily!
Hagumi: Oh wow, that's sooo cute~! I can't tell which is the stuffed animal~!
Eve: Fufu, me neither. You sound very happy in the video too!
Eve: Ah, excuse me, it is my phone. It looks like someone from my agency sent me a message...
Eve: (Yesterday's canceled photo shoot has been rescheduled. I should write this in my planner before I forget.)
Eve: (... Fufu. Oh, that's right. I taped the photo booth picture with everyone in my planner. That day was so much fun.)
Hagumi: Hey, Eve-chin, did something good happen?
Eve: ...? Something good?
Tae: I was thinking the same thing! You're smiling.
Tae: Is the secret hidden in that planner? Wait, I'm going to guess what it is.
Eve: Fufu, what could it be?
Tae: Hmm~... Ah! You have a picture of a Hamburg steak in there!
Hagumi: O-Tae, that's amazing~! You're like a detective!
Tae: Booyah! What do you think?
Hagumi: Well~... Eve-chin was just writing something in her planner, so...
Hagumi: I know! I think she was writing when there's a bargain sale downtown!
Tae: ...! Hagumi, you're a genius.
Tae: Eve, we've figured it out. The answer is a bargain sale!
Eve: Fufu♪ I am sorry, but it is not a picture of a Hamburg steak or a note about a bargain sale.
Hagumi: Huh? Really?! Well then~, what could it be...? Give us a hint!
Tae: We can't ask for hints, Hagumi. If we don't guess it on our own, then we won't be able to call ourselves detectives.
Hagumi: Ah, that's right! If it's not a picture of a Hamburg steak or a note about a bargain sale, then... it's a croquette sticker!
Tae: Ah! It could be a Yamabuki Bakery point card! Or a drawing of Oddie!
Eve: Fu fu fu, the answer is...
Tae & Hagumi: The answer is...?
Eve: This undeniably eye-catching photo booth picture~!
Tae & Hagumi: Ohhh~!
Eve: I was looking at this as I was checking my schedule.
Eve: It is a special photo booth picture of when Pastel＊Palettes was out together!
Tae: Wow, that's nice. Everyone's smiles are sparkling.
Hagumi: It's super wonderful! You guys look like you're all having a great time~.
Eve: Thank you! We took this after doing many fun things together, so I think we naturally looked very happy.
Tae: Poppin'Party took one before too, but ours looked totally different. Yours looks like a poster.
Hagumi: That's sooo nice~. I wanna take some photo booth pictures too~!
Tae: We should. Let's go take some pictures together.
Eve & Hagumi: I would love to! Yeah, let's go!
Tae: Well, there's no time like the present, so should we go today? If yes, we can go right now!
Hagumi: Let's do it~, let's do it~! I'm free to go!
Eve: That sounds nice! I do not have any plans today, so I can go too.
Hagumi: The last time we took pictures, we made bunny ears so we looked like Oddie. What should we do this time?
Tae: I'm doing this. Tada~, I'm a rice ball!
Tae: Just put your hands above your head and make a round rice ball. You can even make corners to make a triangle rice ball.
Hagumi: Oh wow! The round one looks cute, but I'm gonna do a triangle rice ball!
Eve: Both of your poses are very nice! They're like the hyorogan rations that ninjas eat!
Hagumi: Hyoro...? I don't know what that is, but it sounds cool! What kinda pose are you gonna do?
Eve: Well... Ah, what if I did this?
Tae: Whoa~! That's a ninja pose, isn't it?
Eve: Yes! I am posing as a shinobi ninja hiding in the shadows. Nin-nin♪
Hagumi: Nin-nin♪ Ahaha, I like your pose too. I feel like I've become a shinobi!
Eve: You really do have the qualities of a shinobi! Maybe you were one in a past life!
Tae: ... Fufufu.
Eve: Tae-san? What is wrong?
Tae: You are making the same face you made when you were looking at your planner.
Eve: Ah... I am excited to take photo booth pictures with everyone...
Hagumi: Taking photo booth pictures is amazing, isn't it? It can make anybody smile!
Tae: It sure can! Let's all smile big for our photo booth pictures!
Eve: Yes. We should hurry and go!


<Spirit of the Fading Sakura>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Our bellies are nice and full now, so let's work hard for the rest of our shift.
Eve: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Marina: Ah, Eve-chan. Hi there.
Eve: Are you shopping?
Marina: No, we're on our way back from lunch. Are you headed somewhere?
Eve: I just finished work for my agency, so now I am going to a shrine! After that, I have my part-time job!
Marina: Wow~, you sound pretty busy! But why are you going to a shrine? Are you doing something there?
Eve: When I have time, I go pray for Aya-san and the others to do well on their college entrance exams.
Marina: They must be extremely busy now preparing for their exams. They have to study every day, but I hope they don't push themselves too hard.
Eve: They look at their exam prep books even when we have breaks during work. They are amazing. They are working very hard!
Eve: When I saw them from behind working toward their goal, I wondered if there was something I could do to help.
Eve: I want to show my support, even if it is in a small way. So I visit a shrine between agency work and my part-time job, but I cannot go as often as I would like...
Eve: I want to support them as much as I possibly can!
Marina: That's such a wonderful idea. I bet what you're doing is giving strength to the others.
Eve: Fufu, that would make me happy!
Eve: But before I could understand my feelings well, I caused trouble for the others...
Marina: What do you mean? Did something happen?
Eve: The other day, we all went out together. I was having a wonderful time, but...
Eve: I felt sad at the thought of our time together ending, so I spoke selfishly and started crying.
Marina: Gotcha. Are you still feeling sad?
Eve: I would be lying if I said I was not... But Hina-san taught me something.
Eve: She said that people should bloom with all their hearts and then gracefully fade away!
Eve: It means to live fully in the moment like the sakura blossoms do.
Eve: I realized that even if I am sad or hurting, those moments are important memories with the others.
Eve: So I think I should do my very best to accept what is happening now and try to live without any regrets.
Eve: That day, I placed the others in a difficult situation, but now I am okay!
Marina: I see... That saying really touches the soul. Thank you for the wonderful expression.
Eve: You are welcome! I cannot be a crybaby forever! I will continue to practice daily diligence!
Marina: Knowing you're doing well makes me feel good too.
Eve: Fufu, I am happy to hear that. Ah, I am sorry for talking so long.
Marina: No, I'm glad we could chat. We're rooting for all of you!
Eve: Thank you! Goodbye!
