1666_Eve Wakamiya_R3 Luck for Those Who Come

<Even after the New Year’s>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Eve: Happy New Year! Dear viewers, can you tell where we are right now?
Hina: Eve-chan and I are at a shrine to pay our first visit for the new year.
Eve: Hina-san! Let us go and draw omikuji right away!
Hina: Okay!
Staff: ... And cut! We're good!
Staff: The next filming location is crowded, so we'll be waiting for a little bit until it calms down. Hina-san. Eve-san. You both can take a break during that time.
Hina: Yippee! I'm gonna buy some grilled chicken from one of the stalls~. What're you gonna do, Eve-chan?
Eve: I was thinking of offering a prayer for a successful examination at the front shrine, but... it is also crowded.
Hina: Does that mean you have a test coming up?
Eve: Oh, no! I am praying for you and the others who will be taking a college entrance exam! I want to do whatever I can to support all of you!
Hina: I see~. Ah, hey, hey. Eve-chan, look at this~.
Eve: Your bag? ... Ah! The charm we gave you is attached to it!
Hina: I've also got some other items you previously gave me on it! Looking at it makes me feel kinda boppin'♪
Hina: Aya-chan and Maya-chan also said that seeing their charms gives them energy.
Eve: Wow, that makes me so happy!
Hina: Also, the video of the fireworks! My sister liked it a lot!
Eve: She did?
Hina: Yup. She was watching it and smiling during her study breaks. Although it seemed like she was trying to hide it.
Eve: I see. I hope we were at least somewhat helpful...
Hina: You were, you were! When the others talk about the charms you gave us, they all look like they enjoy them.
Hina: Aya-chan's always reading exam study guides with a gloomy expression, but she smiles when she talks about the charms!
Hina: It's like, you guys really are something special!
Eve: Oh, no. I am still ordinary! It is Tae-san and Hagumi-san that are the special ones!
Hina: Ahaha. Is that so?
Eve: Yes! The two of them are truly incredible!
Eve: I would never have been able to think of joyous power on my own.
Hina: I see. So those two were the ones who started talking about it...
Eve: Is something the matter?
Hina: Nope. Keep going, keep going! I wanna hear more about how fantastic O-Tae-chan and Hagumi-chan are!
Eve: In addition to that~... They were also the ones to realize that it would be joyous if Michelle-san bit us!
Eve: Also, I just learned the other day that they have croquettes and Hamburg steaks in their osechi dishes!
Hina: Ahahaha! So you've got two people like that in your class.
Hina: I bet that must make every day feel so boppin'♪ Say, why don't the three of you transfer to Haneoka?
Eve: What?! I-I do not know about transferring schools...!
Hina: Aww, but you said before that you'd do anything.
Eve: B-but... Ohh~...!
Hina: Pft... Ahaha! I'm kidding, I'm kidding!
Eve: O-oh, so that was a joke... Thank goodness.
Hina: If we could be together for at least one more year, I might've seriously asked you for that, but graduation is coming soon.
Eve: Graduation...
Hina: Huh? Did that bum you out?
Eve: N-no! I am fine.
Eve: Speaking of which, you said you were going to buy grilled chicken. I will go with you, so let us eat some together!
Hina: Hmm...
Hina: Yah!
Eve: Eek! Hina-san, what is the matter? You suddenly hugged me.
Hina: I'm sharing my energy with you! You and the others gave me so much over New Year's that I've got loads to spare!
Hina: So you get a squeeze~!
Eve: Y-you mustn't do that! This is your energy, so I shall return it! Squeeze~!
Hina: Ahaha! Eve-chan, you're hugging me too tight!
Staff: Hina-san, Eve-san. We'll be moving sites now.
Hina: Okay~! Well then, why don't we get going?!
Eve: Understood. Let us do our best for the remainder of the filming!
Eve: ... Um, Hina-san! Once we have finished, would you like to look at the stalls for a bit longer on our way home? It would not have to be for very long...
Hina: Nice idea! Since we're here, let's make a little side trip before we go home!
Eve: Okay!


<Everyone’s Good-Luck Source>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Shrine - Front]

Eve: ...
Marina: Huh? That person over there... Is that Eve-chan?
(Black cut)
Eve: ... Phew. That should be perfect. It is about time that I get going.
Marina: Eve-chan!
Eve: Ah... Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Happy New Year!
Marina: Happy New Year to you too. I look forward to another year with you.
Eve: As do I!
Marina: By the way, Eve-chan. You had a really serious look on your face while you were praying. Would it be okay to ask what you were praying for?
Eve: Yes, I was praying for the success of everyone studying for their college entrance exams!
Marina: Right. You said you were rooting for them, didn't you? When I was in high school, I gave my seniors charms for that too~.
Eve: Wow, that is wonderful!
Eve: The other day, I gave a second charm to Aya-san and the others that will be taking college entrance exams!
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Tae-chan. They were charms filled with joyous power, right?
Marina: I heard you did a lot of lucky activities.
Eve: That is right! We did everything we could think of so we could cheer for everyone's success in their exams!
Eve: It was entirely thanks to Tae-san and Hagumi-san... as well as Ako-san and Rokka-san!
Eve: I would not have been able to gather that much joyous power on my own.
Marina: Fufu. I'm glad you made such a lovely memory this early in the new year.
Eve: Yes! I also learned about new good-luck charms I did not know about before, so my New Year's was very satisfying!
Marina: Wow~, you learned about some new charms, huh...? What kind of charms were they?
Eve: Croquettes and Hamburg steaks!
Marina: Huh? Croquettes and... Hamburg steaks?
Eve: Apparently, they are lucky because when you eat them, they make you happy.
Eve: I have once again learned one more thing about Japan. I hope I remember to prepare croquettes and Hamburg steaks for New Year's next year.
Marina: R-right. Sure...
Eve: Well then, it is almost time for my lesson, so I shall excuse myself!
Marina: Ah, so you'll be seeing the other girls in Pastel＊Palettes? I'd love it if you told them I'm rooting for their success  in their exams.
Eve: Thank you very much. I am sure they will be happy to hear that! Well, I will be going!
Marina: See you. Good luck with your lessons!
Marina: ... Croquettes and Hamburg steaks... Rather than being good-luck charms, those are just Hagumi-chan and Tae-chan's favorite foods, right?
Marina: But eating your favorite food does make you happy, and doing that might make you think you'll have a year of good things...
Marina: Fufu. Why don't we have our favorite foods for lunch today?
