1736_Eve Wakamiya_R5 Flower amid the Sublime

Gacha phrase: I, too, hope I can someday become like that!

<A Japanese Beauty Pt. 1>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wisteria Park]

Eve: Maya-san, Chisato-san, welcome back from the photo shoot! Please have some water!
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan. I believe I will.
Maya: So will I. Thank you...! Phew. Wearing a kimono for a photo shoot takes some getting used to, doesn't it?
Chisato: Quite. A kimono isn't exactly something I wear regularly, so they make being back in my regular clothes so much more comfortable than usual.
Chisato: Now that we're done, that just leaves your shoot, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes...! The staff are getting everything ready now. I cannot wait to see what kind of kimono I will be wearing!
Maya: I don't blame you! The staff clearly put a lot of thought into the wonderful kimono we got to wear.
Chisato: Yes. They even helped us put on our kimono and styled our hair with such great care...
Eve: Just recalling the photo shoot is enough to make me sigh... Both of you were the perfect image of a traditional Japanese beauty...
Maya: A-a Japanese beauty?! Ahaha... Chisato-san, certainly, but I wouldn't exactly consider myself to be one~.
Eve: You are though! A traditional Japanese beauty is a person with both inner and outer beauty...
Eve: Not only did both of you look beautiful, but the beauty of your spirit shined through as well... You truly do embody the ideal!
Eve: I, too, hope I can someday become like that!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you, Eve-chan. However, while our beautiful kimono obviously played a part... I think the location of the shoot may have also magnified the effect.
Maya: True...! The wisteria trellises really are beautiful...
Eve: Yes...! I am so moved that we get to do a photo shoot here!
Eve: The beams of sunlight that shine through each time the breeze causes the wisterias to dance make for such a magical sight!
Maya: In my case, the wisterias make me think of pale violet curtains because of the way they hang like Japanese blinds.
Chisato: I can see that. It's definitely no surprise that this location is being featured at the start of a travel magazine.
Eve: I know! We must make sure our photos turn out nice so that people will want to come and visit!
Chisato: You seem to have no shortage of enthusiasm, Eve-chan.
Eve: Of course! I have been looking forward to this photo shoot ever since the date was finalized... That's why I studied a lot!
Maya: You studied...? What exactly did you study?
Eve: Kimono!
Eve: Since we would be wearing kimono during the shoot, I watched videos to research beautiful ways of standing and walking... and even proper finger placement!
Eve: I also practiced various poses while recalling what things had been like during the summer festival where all of us wore yukata!
Chisato: Fufu. I can't wait to see the results of your hard work then.
Maya: Oh, it looks like your kimono is ready, Eve-san. You're being called over by the staff.
Eve: Thank you for letting me know, Maya-san! I will be on my way then!
(Black cut)
Staff: Wakamiya-san's on-site~!
Eve: I-I look forward to working with all of you...!
Maya: Wow...! Eve-san looks so beautiful. The kimono suits her perfectly.
Chisato: Quite... I can see why she's a model.
Maya: ...
Maya: ... B-but...
Chisato: Yes... She's acting a little strange.
Photographer: Alright, could you look up at the wisterias from there?
Eve: O-okay! Like... this?
Photographer: Hmm~... Eve-san, can you try relaxing a bit more? And give us a smile too!
Eve: S-smile, okay...!
Photographer: Alright... Please sit on that bench over there!
Eve: ...
Photographer: Eve-san?
Eve: ...! I-I'm sorry!
Maya: Eve-san isn't her usual self... She's distracted and seems a little pale...
Chisato: Yes... Her kimono belt might be too tight...
Maya: It could be... But if it is, why isn't she saying anything?
Maya: She's usually capable of bringing up issues like that...
Chisato: ...
Chisato: Pardon the intrusion. Do you mind pausing the shoot for a moment?
Chisato: There's something I would like to discuss with Eve-chan.
Eve: Chisato-san...?


<A Japanese Beauty Pt. 2>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wisteria Park]

Eve: U-um, Chisato-san...! What is it that you would like to talk about...?
Chisato: Don't worry, Eve-chan. We're not going to scold you or anything.
Maya: Yes. We just noticed that you seem to be acting funny... and thought maybe we should talk.
Eve: B-but... the photo shoot is being put on hold because of me... I have to get back...
Chisato: True. However... first, you'll have to tell us how you're really feeling.
Eve: ...!
Maya: Eve-san, I might be wrong... but is your kimono belt too tight?
Maya: It's just that you're not yourself...
Eve: Ngh... It looks like there's no hiding it from the two of you...
Eve: It is as you say, Maya-san... The tightness of my belt... has been making it difficult to focus on the photo shoot...
Chisato: I suspected as much...
Eve: You noticed, too, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Yes, although it was largely because you were making it rather obvious.
Chisato: There's something I don't understand though... Normally, you would talk to the staff or us immediately, but you didn't... What stopped you today...?
Eve: Um...
Eve: ... I did not want to ruin this image of a traditional Japanese beauty...
Maya: Ruin...? What do you mean?
Eve: For the sake of today's photo shoot... I studied a great deal about kimono and etiquette...
Eve: Maybe that was why... but when the staff dressed me in my kimono and did my hair, it felt like they were more invested than usual.
Eve: I could tell how determined they were... to take beautiful and amazing photographs... and express what a traditional Japanese beauty is...
Eve: If I were to loosen this belt over my personal discomfort... I felt it would ruin their efforts...
Maya: Eve-san...
Chisato: So that's why you chose to endure everything and went through with the shoot earlier...
Maya: It was all the result of your strong desire to make this shoot a success...
Maya: May I ask you something, though, Eve-san?
Maya: Is your definition of a traditional Japanese beauty something that only applies to a kimono or outward appearances...?
Eve: ...?
Maya: Don't you think it should maybe apply to you yourself?
Eve: Me...
Chisato: It's as Maya-chan said. Remember what you told us earlier, Eve-chan.
Chisato: A traditional Japanese beauty is a person with both inner and outer beauty...
Chisato: Right now, you're wearing a beautiful kimono, and your hair has been made to look nice.
Chisato: But if you're suffering inside...
Eve: ...!
Eve: That's right... I had forgotten...
Eve: A traditional Japanese beauty isn't just about outward beauty.
Eve: And yet, that's what I let myself become preoccupied with... I've been enduring this discomfort and trying to be dishonest to everyone.
Eve: That goes against my bushido. It can hardly be called inner beauty.
Eve: I am a warrior, first and foremost, not a traditional Japanese beauty! And as a warrior... I wish to dedicate myself fully!
Eve: Chisato-san, Maya-san... Thank you very much!
Eve: You have helped me come to my senses!
Maya: It was nothing. We just want to see you at your most beautiful.
Chisato: The staff are professionals. I'm sure they'll be able to help you.
Eve: Yes...! I'm going to go and talk to them about my kimono belt!
(Black cut)

[Wisteria Park]

Eve: Everyone... I apologize for the trouble I have caused!
Eve: As you can see, with your assistance, I have come back at full strength!
Eve: Please allow me to try again!
Maya: I hope things go well for Eve-san this time.
Chisato: Fufu, there's no need to worry. Just look...
Chisato: She's such a lovely traditional Japanese beauty.
