1911_Eve Wakamiya_R5 Resolute Beliefs

Gacha phrase: ー I still can't accept it!

<Behind the Close-Up Documentary>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Practice studio]

Aya: (I got here a bit earlier today, so I'll practice on my own first)
Aya: (Huh? Eve-chan is already in. What is she doing…?)
Eve: Eve Wakamiya-san. What do you think about the task this time?
Eve: Hmm… I think it's definitely a higher hurdle than the previous, but… I'll definitely surmount this challenge with the spirit of Bushido!
Eve: The spirit of Bushido… How interesting. Could you tell us more about that?
Eve: Yes! To me, the spirit of Bushido is…
Aya: G- Good work on the practice~ Eve-chan, what are you doing?
Eve: A- Aya-san! Good work too! I was just rehearsing for the documentary!
Aya: Rehearsing for… the documentary?..
Eve: Yes! The film crew has been quietly filming during our practices so as to not disturb our concentration.
Eve: In turn, he asks various questions during our breaks, to draw out the charm of Pastel✽Palettes.
Aya: Hmm… That's true.
Eve: But when I'm asked questions suddenly, I can't get my thoughts together, and I'll be lost for words… I felt bad about that.
Eve: So I'm imagining the film crew asking me questions, and practicing my answers!
Aya: I see~…! So you were just pretending to be the film crew.
Aya: But during the last time Eve-chan was getting interviewed, I thought you did okay in answering.
Eve: You're not wrong that I was able to do it to a certain extent. But I want to do even better, since I'm given this chance!
Eve: If I can appeal even better during the documentary segment, that would help the watchers know even more about Pastel✽Palettes and me!
Eve: If people think that Pastel✽Palettes are wonderful idols, it might be the reason they start to support us!
Aya: … That's right! Eve-chan, you nailed it!
Aya: I also want everyone to know more about Pastel✽Palettes, and support us!
Aya: We have to do everything we can to advance through TIS!
Aya: Hey Eve-chan, is it okay if I join you in practice?
Eve: Of course! Let's do our best together!
Aya: Then, I'll play the role of the cameraman, okay? Since I interrupted your practice earlier.
Eve: Then I shall take you up on your kind offer! Let's have a fair match!
Aya: Mm! "Erm… So, Eve Wakamiya-san, could you please explain the spirit of Bushido in more detail?"
Eve: Yes. Bushido consists of the values of righteousness, courage, benevolence, respect, sincerity, honor, and loyalty. Among all these, I personally focus on respect and sincerity.
Eve: Respect means to care about the feelings of others, being considerate and polite.
Eve: "Sincerity" is exactly as it says, to mean and do what you say! A samurai never goes back on their word!
Eve: And thus, Bushido is the very spirit that us idols embody!
Aya: Aaand cut! Eve-chan, that was amazing!
Eve: Woah! Really?
Aya: Yep! It got a bit complicated in the middle so I couldn't really understand, but your burning passion really came through~!
Eve: Thank you very much! Then, it's now my turn to play the role of the film crew.
Eve: Ahem! "Okay Aya Maruyama-san, please tell us what you're paying particular attention to in this next task.
Aya: Y- Yes. Uhm, uhh… What I'm paying particular attention to is~… Ah! I wanted the audience to learn more about Pastel✽Palettes, so I tried to answer the interview as cheerfully, energetically and clearly as I could!
Aya: … Hold on no, this is what I wanted to keep in mind while filming the documentary!
Aya: Ugh~~ Sorry Eve-chan! Let's pause for a bit…
Eve: Alright, cut!
Aya: Sigh~~ I couldn't answer the question at all… The nerves got to me in the end.
Eve: Aya-san, we've only just begun practicing. Let's work on it together until we master it!
Aya: Eh? Is that really okay…?
Eve: Of course! We are comrades in spirit! This is all for the sake of Pastel✽Palettes!
Eve: Let's practice until we get it right, and gather more fans through the documentary segment!
Aya: Eve-chan… Thank you! I'll do my best!
Hina: Good morning~ Both of you are pretty early huh. Whatcha up to?
Eve: Hina-san! Aya-san and I were just practicing for the documentary segments!
Aya: We thought that if we could answer the interview questions well in the documentary segment, we could convey our charm better. Ah, why don't you join us, Hina-chan?
Hina: Practicing for the documentary?
Hina: But the documentary film crew isn't coming today, no?
Eve & Aya: … Huh?
Hina: The schedule didn't work out right? Didn't they tell us last lesson that they wanted us to just use the fixed camera for our rehearsal today?
Eve & Aya: No way~~!!
Aya: We- We even practiced for it and all…
Eve: Aya-san, there's no need to be so down! This practice is not a waste at all!
Eve: Our efforts will definitely be rewarded!
Aya: Yes yes! That's right!
Hina: Ahahaha! So you two were practicing for the documentary segment? That's amazing, Eve-chan and Aya-chan.
Hina: But yanno, it's supposed to be a documentary. If you script it all, wouldn't it become unlike one?
Eve: Oh…! W- When you put it like that…!
Hina: Besides, you two are the most interesting as you already are. Just doing it as you are is the best.
Hina: Oh, but maybe filming a documentary segment about you two practicing for one might have been nice. Woulda been amazing actually!
Aya: Jeez~~ Hina-chan~~!
Hina: Well, the practice won't go to waste right? I'll look forward to you two showing me your skills in the future documentary segments♪
Eve: Yes! No matter what, I'll do my best to show everyone what's great about Pastel✽Palettes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Putting My Feelings into Writing>

(Character: Eve Wakamiya)

[Shopping street]

Marina: We should have bought everything we need… Oh!
Marina: Right, I'd almost forgotten I brought along an envelope to post. Hmm, there should be a postbox around here?..
Eve: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Oh, Eve-chan! Hello!
Eve: You seem to be troubled, are you looking for something?
Marina: Well we're not that troubled, but I was just looking for a postbox…
Eve: If that's the case, allow me to show you the way! Over here!
Marina: Really? That'd be a great help~
(Black cut)
Marina: All done. Thank you, Eve-chan.
Eve: No need at all, it was just a trifle. Was that a business letter?
Marina: Yep. Just a thank you letter to the staff at the live house who helped us out. When I tried to express my thanks, it ended up being quite lengthy, ahaha.
Eve: A letter expressing gratitude…! How wonderful!
Eve: Lately, I too wrote a letter to someone who I wanted to hear my honest feelings.
Eve: In the end, we managed to talk in person, so perhaps there was no need for a letter…
Eve: But I still felt that writing a letter was truly a great thing.
Marina: I get that~ If you just want to convey something, just email or a message gets the job done, but handwritten letters have their own charm.
Eve: Yes. As I write, my own thoughts become more organized… It become clear for me just what I really think and feel, and just what I want the other party to understand.
Marina: By the way, I've also heard that writing letters can help relieve stress.
Marina: If you're confused, or filled with worries, it may be good to write yourself a letter.
Eve: A letter to oneself…! What a great idea!
Eve: As we approach the third round of TIS from here on out, things may get more intense…
Eve: If I can't organize my thoughts, or am lost about something, I think I'll try writing it down!
Marina: Yep, I think that's great. The third round may be tough, but do your best!
Marina: If writing a letter doesn't relieve your stress for you, be sure to let us know, alright?
Eve: Thank you very much! If it comes to that, please allow me to share my burdens with you!
Eve: Ah, my apologies. I had only intended to show you to the postbox, but it became quite the conversation… Thank you for hearing me out.
Eve: I'll see you again at CiRCLE!
