event279-02 Chapter 1: Hop On the Train

Reward time begins! A long yet fleeting after-school break is about to start—!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Train]

Himari: Eh, wasn’t the one with “sub” supposed to mean “put on standby”!?
Tsugumi: I think the answer is "to substitute."
Ran: Yeah, yeah. What Himari’s talking about is how Tomoe remembers it.
Himari: Jeez~, Tomoe tricked me~!
Tomoe: Wait, that was my fault...!?
Moca: Hey hey, first we’re eating lunch, right~? I’m super hungry~.
Himari: Yup, that’s the plan! We’ll go to the RiNG café first, then head toward the shopping center.
Tomoe: The top floor of the shopping center had the observatory, right? I’m really looking forward to that.
Ran: I kinda want to go there around sunset.
Tomoe: Yeah, same here. Watching the sunset feels like the perfect way to polish off today.
Ran: Polish off? That makes it sound like we’re eating ramen...
Tomoe: Huh? It does?
Himari: Yeah, nobody says "polish off" when talking about sunsets.
Moca: Tomo-chin’s overflowing with ramen love~.
Tsugumi: Oh yeah. If we’re going to the observatory at sunset, then we’ll have time to hit lots of shops beforehand, right?
Himari: Totally! There’s so many stores I want to check out. Did you guys see any you’re interested in?
Ran: Not really. I don’t go anywhere besides RiNG, so I’m not sure.
Moca: I’m all about going with the flow, not planning ahead~.
Himari: Jeez~, I knew you'd say that, so I sent you a bunch of videos ahead of time~!
Tomoe: Haha, but that’s just how we always do things. I bet we’re gonna end up making tons of side trips again today.
Ran: Just like we did on Inoshima.
Moca: We’ve been like that since we were little~. Like that time we sent letters to Santa~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you’re right. Oh, next stop’s ours. Let’s get ready to get off.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Whoa~, it’s crowded!
Tsugumi: Yeah, we need to stick together. Umm... to get to RiNG from here...
Ran: Wasn’t it that exit over there?
Moca: Ah...! Look, Benjamin-kun’s standing up!
Tomoe: ...What the heck is that?
Moca: That character on the panel. It’s a hippo, but it wants to fly, so it's wearing a bird costume~.
Himari: Oh, I know that one! That dance of his pops up a lot in ads on social media!
Moca: He’s just so earnest and adorable~. And isn’t it funny how you can stick your face in his mouth~?
Ran: Himari, you’d totally suit something like this.
Himari: I wanna try! Moca, let’s do it together!
Moca: If it’s for Benjamin-kun, I guess I gotta~.
Tsugumi: It’s rare for Moca-chan to be this eager...! You really like him that much?
Himari: ...Like this? Well? Does it look good?
Tomoe: Ahaha, you two look great! Hold up, I’m taking a picture.
Moca: Yearning for the blue sky~ I wish I could fly so high~♪
Himari: Flap to the right, flap to the left♪ ...Cute dance, right?
Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahahaha...
Tsugumi: H-Himari-chan, you guys look so cute...!
Ran: What is that...!?
Himari: What was it again? A travel agency commercial or something like that?
Moca: Forget boring ol’ human stuff~. The important thing is that Benjamin-kun’s dream comes true~.
Tomoe: Haha, my stomach hurts...! Moca, Himari, do it one more time.
Himari: Sure, but what about the photo~?
Tomoe: I’ll take it, I’ll take it—I'll snap it at the end of the song.
Moca: Geez, I'm gonna bill you for this, ya know~. Well then, here’s our encore~.
Moca: Yearning for the blue sky~ I wish I could fly so high~♪
Himari: Flap to the right, flap to the left♪
Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahahaha...
Himari: Come on, Tomoe, quit laughing and take the picture~.
Tomoe: Hahaha... actually, I’ve been filming this whole time.
Himari: Eh~~, I was posing for a photo!
Moca: I’m totally satisfied now that I got to be Benjamin-kun~.
Himari: Moca, this is where you’re supposed to get mad together with me!
Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahahaha!
