event279-06 Chapter 5: You All, Through My Eyes

They arrive at the observatory. As Tomoe films once again, Moca has something to say...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: —Okay, everyone? Don’t look yet!
Moca: Okay~, I’m looking down properly.
Tomoe: If we all wanna see the sunset at the same time, this plan’s the way to go.
Himari: Okay, on three, we’ll all look up. One, two, three...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Observation Deck in Tokyo]

All: Wow...!
Tomoe: It’s beautiful~...!
Ran: Yeah... On Inoshima, the ocean and sky were all glowing orange, but today, the sunset feels so close...
Tsugumi: This plan was definitely a good idea. Nice going, Himari-chan.
Himari: Fufu, well, I am the leader of Afterglow, after all.
Tomoe: ...Oh, right.
(Background change)
Moca: ...Wow~, looks great on camera~.
(Background change)
Tomoe: ...And now, Moca bathed in the sunset glow.
Moca: Hey~, you’ve gotta run that through the agency first~.
Tomoe: Don’t be so uptight. As long as I capture you as a stunning beauty, right?
Moca: If you get it, then fine~.
Moca: Wait, are you feeling like a photographer today, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Huh? ...Yeah, I guess so.
Moca: That’s rare~. You’re usually the type to burn it into your memory instead of snapping pics~.
Tomoe: Yeah, I wonder why, too. It’s been a while since we all hung out, and that’s definitely fun, but still...
Moca: Maybe that’s exactly why you wanted to take pictures~?
Moca: Like, instead of hazy memories, you wanted to leave something tangible~.
Tomoe: Ah... yeah, maybe. Afternoons like this aren’t a given, y’know.
Moca: ...Yeah, totally~...
Tomoe: Hey, check out my photo folder. Never taken this many pics in one day before.
Moca: Whoa, they’re all from today... Hm~? What’s this one?
Tomoe: Ah, that’s probably when we were running earlier. It’s all blurry and just shows our feet.
Tomoe: There’s failed crane game shots, everyone’s backs as we moved around, candid smiles not meant for the camera... all kinds of stuff.
Tomoe: Pretty awesome, huh? Feels like it really captures the same as always for us.
Moca: I see~... So you wanted to capture the same as always, huh, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Ah... yeah, I guess it’s something like that.
Moca: I get it, Tomo-chin. I really do.
Moca: Because we’ve learned that being together isn’t something to take for granted~.
Tomoe: ...Yeah. Just for today, it’s totally fine!
Himari: What’re you two talking about?
Moca: Just looking at all the funny stuff Tomo-chin took. Look, this one’s all blurry~.
Ran: Fufu, you can’t even tell what’s in it.
Himari: Hey, did you see that just now? We were laughing so hard—our faces were hilarious.
Tsugumi: But it really shows just how much fun we were having.
Tsugumi: Fufu, so this is what the same as always looks like for us, huh.
Himari: Yeah... It’s been a while since we had something like this~.
Moca: Bit early to be getting nostalgic~. Our carefree after-school hangouts are still gonna keep going~.
Tomoe: Yep, Moca’s right.
Tomoe: We laugh over the silliest things, sometimes even forget what we were laughing about, but that’s the same as always for us.
Tomoe: That kind of Afterglow is what I love.
Himari & Tsugumi: Tomoe... Tomoe-chan...
Moca: Ran~, no comment on this emotional talk~?
Ran: No, I was thinking the exact same thing as Tomoe.
Ran: ...Hey. Let’s make this into a song.
Ran: Afterglow is like our diary. I wanna capture today in a song.
Tomoe: ...! That’s a great idea!
Tsugumi: Yeah, I love it. Let’s start brainstorming while looking through Tomoe-chan’s photo folder!
Himari: This is gonna be chaos to turn into a song~!
Moca: That’s just part of the same as always for us~.
Ran: Right. Should we move somewhere else?
Tsugumi: There’s a spot to sit over there.
Himari: Then let’s go there and throw out some ideas!
Tomoe: Hey, I’ve got a suggestion too.
Moca: What is it, what is it~?
Tomoe: Actually, there’s something I’ve been wanting to try—
