event59-02 Chapter 1: The Stagehand's Spirit

Aya accompanies Maya on an errand for the Theater Club. The props are all set, but what about the costumes...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Shopping Mall]

Maya: Let's see... I think we've pretty much got all the props, right? All we have to buy now is... Hmm...
Aya: By the way, Maya-chan... I know virtually nothing about theater, so this might be a weird question, but... Do you take care of gathering the props every time?
Maya: It actually depends. When a lot of props are required, we get experts to help. But when we don't need many, sometimes we have the performers bring them in.
Maya: This time we're smack in the middle, so I thought I'd just do it myself.
Aya: Oh~, is that so? I thought your job was just to take care of the stage lighting.
Maya: I originally was the lightning technician, but somewhere along the way, I ended up becoming the stage director.
Aya: A stage director...?
Maya: Yeah, there's always one for the Pastel＊Palettes performances too! It's the person who gives directions to the other staff members.
Aya: ... Oh! I know who you're talking about now. It's the person who's always crazy busy, right?
Maya: That’s right! The stage director has to take care of everything behind the scenes, so it's a really busy job.
Aya: If that's the case, my role will be supporting you however I can, right?
Maya: Yes, please. Thank you in advance, Aya-san!
Aya: Okay, I'll do my best! Let's see... Today we are buying all the props we need and having a set-design meeting? Oh, and we have to decide on the costumes!
Aya: That's quite a lot to do... It must be really tough for one person to take care of all of that...
Maya: Well, it's certainly rough, but that's why it's so much fun. I particularly like this type of behind-the-scenes work.
(Black cut)
Maya: Alright then! I think we're okay on props. Next on the list are costumes.
Aya: I believe I wrote a note about them somewhere! ... Ah, here it is! Let's see, the first one we'll need is the prince one? And after that is...
Maya: For the most part, we have costumes from past plays that we can fix up and use. The one we need to think about is the one in the last scene where the main character wears-
Aya: A dress... right?
Maya: Yeah. The dress I have in mind for this scene is slightly different than the ones we have in storage... So, I've been racking my brain trying to figure out what to do.
Aya: Uhm, Maya-chan... Can I ask you a really basic question?
Maya: Why, of course!
Aya: Kaoru-san will be coming out in both a prince costume and a dress, right? My question is... is the main character for this play a guy? ... Or is it a girl?
Maya: Well, you see, the main character is actually a girl. However, she lives as a man and dresses the part. That's why she'll appear in a prince's costume first, and then at the end, she'll wear a dress.
Aya: Oh~, so that's how the play works! I finally get it now!
Maya: That's why in the last scene when she comes out to do her monologue, I was hoping she could wear a dress that's gorgeous and refined... But we can't afford something like that.
Aya: Oh! What about trying a store that sells party goods? They should have dresses there that aren't too expensive...
Maya: Yeah, but in those cases, you get what you pay for. I'm sorry to say this but those kinds of costumes just end up looking cheap on stage.
Aya: Oh, is that so...? Then what should we do...?
Maya: Well, the answer is rather simple! If we can't buy one, we'll just have to make one ourselves!
Aya: What?! We're gonna make the dress ourselves?!
Maya: That's how a stagehand would think! I'm not sure if it'll be feasible or not, but let's go check out the fabric store for now!
(Black cut)

[Shopping Mall - Fabrics And Crafts Store]

Yukina: I see. So, this is where you buy all the fabric for the Roselia outfits, huh?
Rinko: Y-yes... They have a wide range of fabrics here... and other materials, too... I can pretty much get everything I need...
Yukina: So, let's say you're making an outfit. About how much cloth is usually required?
Rinko: That will depend... on the design... Let's see, the outfits I made last time required... about three meters of light-blue cloth... per dress.
Yukina: That must make creating outfits for five people rather challenging, huh?
Rinko: ... Well, Ako-chan is always... there to help me... And I've always enjoyed... this type of work anyway... It's challenging... but also... fun...
Yukina: Challenging, but also fun... That's certainly a fitting answer for you.
Rinko: Uh-uhm... Yukina-san, I'm sincerely happy ...you're trying to get to know us as band members a little better...
Yukina: It is what's required to get Roselia to the top. That is all there is to it really...
Rinko: Unfortunately, I'm not so good at explaining things... Though, I know I can talk about various things once I'm making the outfits... I'm terribly sorry...
Yukina: Fufu... If it is alright with you, would you spend a little more time with me?
Rinko: O-of course...
Maya: Hey... isn't that... Minato-san and Shirokane-san over there?!
Yukina: Yamato-san? What are you doing in a place like this?
Maya: Well, you see, there's a performance coming up for the theater club, so Aya-san and I are making preparations for it.
Rinko: Maruyama-san, too...?
Aya: Yup, I'm here as Maya-chan's assistant!
Aya: How about you? What are you two doing here?
Yukina: I'm having Rinko explain to me the process of making our outfits. What's important to me right now is getting to know the other band members...
Aya: Roselia's outfits are seriously out of this world! They're so gorgeous and refined... Oh!
Aya: Maya-chan! The dress from the last scene!
Maya: Y-yes! I just got the same idea too!
Yukina: What is going on? You two seem rather animated...?
Maya: Uhh, excuse me, Shirokane-san! There's a favor I'd like to ask of you!
Rinko: A-a favor...?
Maya: P-please make our stage costumes with us!!
Aya: This is a favor from me too, Rinko-chan!
Rinko: ... Huh? St-stage... costumes...? Wh-what... are you talking about?
Yukina: We would like more information, if that's okay with you.
