event59-06 Chapter 5: The Stage We Built

Rinko offers to improve the costumes, and she is dead set on following through. How will Maya react to Rinko's enthusiasm...?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Rinko Shirokane)

[Day Before Performance - After The Last Rehearsal]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Okay... Outfits in the box, check. Toolbox... check! Oh, and those are... in this paper bag! Good! Everything is ready to go for tomorrow's prep.
Maya: ... Huh? I think I hear footsteps in the hallway... I wonder if someone forgot something...
Rinko: E-excuse me...
Maya: Whoa, Shirokane-san? What's wrong? Didn't you head home with Aya-san and Minato-san?
Rinko: ... I'm really sorry... It's just that I wanted to refine the prince costume a little more...
Maya: Huh? The prince costume? But we went with your first design. I thought you were done altering it...
Rinko: But after seeing Seta-san's practice performance...I thought of something...
Rinko: I want to make an adjustment... for the performance... So, is it okay... if I borrow the costume?
Maya: You want to alter it now?! But wouldn't that mean you might have to pull an all-nighter?
Rinko: Please... It's something... I really want to do...
Rinko: I'm the costume designer... for this show...
Maya: Shirokane-san...
Rinko: S-so... I really want to see this through to the end... I don't want to leave anything... unfinished...
Maya: Yeah, I get that. You... No, not just you, but also Aya-san and Minato-san, too. You're all a part of this performance.
Maya: Alright...! Can I leave it to you then?
Rinko: Y-yes...
Maya: Okay, if I can have you bring it to the dressing room backstage by tomorrow afternoon that would be great!
Maya: Huhehe. I really hope you enjoy tomorrow's performance! In fact, I reserved the best seats in the house for all of you!
Rinko: A-about that actually...
Rinko: I-if it's not too much of a bother... I'd like to... help out backstage tomorrow... too...
Maya: ... Huh?
Rinko: Yukina-san and Maruyama-san... mentioned it, as well... We want to... fulfill our roles as stagehands... to the very end...
Maya: But it's the load-in tomorrow. Besides, it'll be a really early day for us, and it's all physical labor. If any of you get hurt, it'll hinder your band's performances...
Rinko: ...
Maya: ... Oh! 'Load-in' is theater terminology for the process of-
Rinko: Moving the set and props, and setting up the lighting... right?
Maya: Ah, yes... That's... well, that's exactly it...
Rinko: I guess... I naturally picked up the terminology... from working behind the scenes...
Maya: ...?!
Kaoru: Fufu, if our little kittens have so kindly requested... We have not even a single reason to decline, Maya.
Maya: Whoa, Kaoru-san?!  You're still here?!
Kaoru: I was executing the final preparations and caught you two talking.
Kaoru: We could always use more help with the installation process, no? Not even a single reason to decline. Am I right?
Maya: Y-yeah, but... if someone gets hurt, it's going to cause a problem for their band...
Kaoru: Fufu, leave your worries aside. I trust that our brilliant stage director is not a fool who would put her staff in harm's way.
Maya: K-Kaoru-san...
Rinko: U-uhm... I would... like to see for myself... what kind of world gets created... and the stage we envisioned.
Rinko: I've been... looking forward to this... the whole time...
Rinko: P-please... Let us fulfill our behind-the-scenes roles... right to the very end...Please...
Kaoru: Fufu, It is... but that.
Maya: Hmm, I see. You're right...
Maya: Kaoru-san, there's a paper bag next to your feet. Can you take a look inside of it?
Kaoru: A paper bag... Ahh, you mean this very thing here? The contents are... the performance programs.
Maya: I was a little late in ordering them, but they finally came today. I've included everyone's name under the staff section of the program. Please, go ahead and read it.
Rinko: Huh...? "Costumes: Rinko Shirokane, Yukina Minato"... "Assistant Stage Director: Aya Maruyama"...
Maya: The plan was to pass it out to all of you as a surprise tomorrow...
Maya: I wanted to do it as a special thanks to you all.
Maya: You're all part of the staff for this performance. So it only makes sense for you to come for the installation part, too. Uhm...So, what I'm saying is-
Maya: Please come tomorrow and be prepared to work hard!
Rinko: Y-yes, I'll do my best.
Maya: Uhm, Shirokane-san. I know saying this might be a little weird now, but I'm really glad that we asked you to design Kaoru-san's red dress!
Maya: All our performances up until now, we've only ever altered past costumes. This is the first time we've been able to be picky about what we wanted in an outfit.
Kaoru: Yes, as Maya said, all your costumes are nothing but astounding.  Each one is elaborate and exquisite, not to mention unequivocally fleeting.
Rinko: ...
Maya: That sort of intuition is a bit out of my reach. Perhaps because I'm rigid or more analytical...
Maya: I'm only good at trying to improve on things that already exist.
Maya: But seeing people like you two, who can create something out of nothing, is absolutely admirable to me.
Kaoru: Fufu, so that's how it is. I was right indeed, Maya. You have admired me all along...
Maya: In other words... It is but that...
Rinko: B-but... there would be no production without someone like you, Yamato-san...
Maya: Huhehe. Just hearing you say that has gotten me all fired up!
Maya: And with that, I'm counting on you guys for the load-in tomorrow! I'll contact Aya-san and Minato-san to let them know.
Kaoru: And we shall need you for the strike as well, Rinko.
Maya: Oh, when we say 'strike', it means-
Rinko: Striking the set... as in disassembling the stage... right? Fufufu...
Maya: Ahahaha. Just as I expected, you're all set with these theater terms!
