event59-01 Opening: The Stagehand's Job

To learn more about the stagehand's duties, Aya visits the Theater Club at Haneoka Girls' Academy...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Here, Aya-san. This way.
Aya: S-sorry to intrude~... I feel kinda nervous being at someone else's school.
Maya: Hahaha, you don't have to be. We got permission from the teachers ahead of time.
Aya: I'm sorry you had to go through all that trouble.
Maya: Not at all! I'm just glad to know that you have an interest in theater, so it was no problem in the slightest.
Aya: Yeah, but... your club's official performances are really big events, no? I wonder if the other members will get upset because I'm not a regular member of the club.
Maya: Rest assured, that won't happen! In fact, when Chisato-san made a guest appearance for one of our plays before, everyone was ecstatic.
Aya: Ah, speaking of Chisato-chan, she performed for your school's Culture Festival, right? She was in, let me think-
Maya: It was Romeo and Juliet. Chisato-san and Kaoru-san played the lead roles, and it's still the talk of the school even now!
Aya: Oh, wow...  Chisato-chan is seriously amazing.
Maya: But anyway, I was really surprised to hear that you're interested in learning about the backstage roles. I mean, you're more the type that sparkles on stage.
Aya: S-sparkle? Now, you're just exaggerating~.
Aya: Whenever we're on-site, the staff members are always bustling around, right? Seeing them made me realize that I'm lacking in that ability to bustle.
Maya: A bustling-around Aya-san, huh? But I feel like that wouldn't even be you anymore...
Aya: Wh-what do you mean by that...?
Maya: N-nothing! I didn't mean anything by it! But you're right! The people who work backstage feel like true artisans. I really admire their craft as well!
Kaoru: Did I hear someone say, 'admire'? Fufu, this conversation must be about none other than yours truly!
Maya: Ah, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Maya, I had no idea you held me in such high esteem. It must have been an arduous task for you to keep your feelings at bay. For causing you such pain and anguish, I am truly sorry, Maya.
Maya: Uhh, no... That wasn't what we were talking about. Aya-san, come over here.
Kaoru: Oh? I was wondering who this was. It's the little kitten from Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: H-hello, Kaoru-san! I'll be a part of your club for a while.
Kaoru: Ah, now it's transparent. I have a firm grasp of the situation. This little kitten has also admired me from afar... In other words-
Maya: Nope, not that either! Anyway, won't you let me explain?
(Black cut)
Kaoru: I see. The fog has dissipated and the sky is once again clear.  Aya wants to learn about what goes on backstage, so she's here to help out with the club's next performance.
Maya: Yes, that's correct!
Kaoru: One can only ascertain the true beauty of theater by getting involved. Together, we shall create a truly magnificent stage.
Aya: Th-thanks, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Fufu. With this, our next performance is destined to be a success. Many spectators will be flocking to our show to see you perform!
Maya: U-uhm... I'm just going to put this out there, but... Aya-san is not going to be an actor. She's here as part of the stage crew, okay?
Kaoru: I am fully aware, of course. Aya, we shall start with some vocal exercises.
Aya: Huh...? V-vocal exercises...? I wonder if she really knows what's going on...
Maya: A-as you can see, she becomes very serious when it comes to acting! It'll probably be fine.
Kaoru: Ah, yes, Maya. I have consulted with our club president and we may have found our script for the next performance.
Kaoru: We'll also need to hear the opinions of the other club members, so can you be a dear and make copies of the script for everyone? Don't forget a copy for this little kitten here, of course.
Maya: Yes, you got it! Which Shakespearean play are we doing this time...? ... Wait, what?!
Aya: What's wrong, Maya-chan?
Maya: This script... isn't Shakespeare!
Kaoru: Well, during our big clean-up day, I came across this script. As soon as I opened it, I become completely captivated by its story.
Kaoru: It's far from perfect, but each and every line has such raw intensity. Just recalling them now has me feeling... fleeting!
Kaoru: I went to the ends of the earth to find out it was written by a graduate of this school. I just got word we have permission to perform it.
Maya: What?! You went to such great lengths for that?!
Kaoru: I told the president that we shall use this script as an experiment for the club. My unyielding love for Shakespeare still stands, but there are exceptions for all matter of things.
Maya: To think this script would have Kaoru-san singing its praises... Let's see, it's called..."Odyssey Across The Starry Sky"？
Aya: I wonder what the story is about~.
Kaoru: A journey to different stars. Encounters with different people. With them, inevitable partings. Thus, our protagonist discovers the true meaning to her existence. Oh, such a fleeting tale.
Maya: Ohh, that sounds like it has a nice feel to it!
Kaoru: In the last scene, the protagonist gives a monologue that is... the very definition of fleeting.
Aya: I don't know much about theater, but from the sound of it, it'll be a really interesting story!
Maya: As interesting as the story may be, we as stagehands need to make sure we work hard too!
Maya: The character will be traveling to different stars. Not only will we have to prepare the lights and the stage but we will also need to be extra particular about the costumes and props!
Kaoru: Maya takes care of all the backstage work. Maya, we leave it in your capable hands as usual.
Maya: You got it! Aya-san, I'll be needing your help, too!
Aya: Of course, Maya-chan! Make sure to teach me everything there is to know about being a stagehand!
Maya: Let's make this show a success!
Aya & Maya: Yeah~!
