event59-07 Ending: Dress Rehearsal and...

The day of the show is finally here, and the stage everyone made together is finally ready...!

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[Theater Club - Day Of The Performance]

[Performance Venue]

Maya: Excuse me, Aya-san! Can you bring me the hammer?!
Aya: Yup! Just a second! I'll bring it right over!
Maya: Oh, Minato-san! Please fold over those blackout curtains by your feet. Otherwise, people might trip over them.
Yukina: Perhaps I should put them over to the side?
Maya: Yes, that would be great!
Kaoru: Maya, I have a free hand right now. Can I be of service to you?
Maya: Hmm. For you, Kaoru-san... Oh, yes! It's about time we assemble the flats, could you help with that?
Kaoru: You ask but a simple task of me, Maya. You can trust that I will assemble the flats in a charming fashion.
Maya: I-it doesn't need to be charming... Please just go with the floor plan.
Kaoru: Fufu, what an incorruptible stage director we have.
Aya: Maya-chan! Here's the hammer you asked for! What should I do next?
Maya: Right, your next job... would be to hand over the lanterns to that crew member on the stepladder. Oh! There are strip lights stage right, so be careful!
Aya: Uhh, the strip lights are these on the floor used to light up the stage? And lanterns are lighting units adapted for stage use... Okay, got it!
Kaoru: Yukina. We must brace the flats for support.  Can you be a dear and pass me some jacks?
Yukina: The jacks are the triangular frames over here... Is that correct?
Kaoru: Fufu, it would appear the song princess of Roselia is now considerably acquainted with theater terminology.
Maya: Yeah, it certainly seems like everyone's using theater expressions quite naturally, huh?!
Aya: Maya-chan. We're part of the stage crew~! Of course we'd be able to do that much!
Maya: Ahaha, you're right!
Rinko: Uhm... Sorry to interrupt, Yamato-san...
Maya: Oh, Shirokane-san! How is it? How's the prince costume coming along...?
Rinko: Well... about that... I was hoping that you and Seta-san... would give it a final check...
Maya: A final check...?! That would mean it's done, right?! Great job! Thanks for your hard work! Kaoru-san, come over here so you can give the costume a final check!
Kaoru: Fufu. Ah, the costume so meticulously adjusted by Rinko. I have unyielding faith that it'll be nothing but magnificent.
Rinko: I-I'm not really sure...
Maya: But you only started working on it after you came back to get it yesterday...Did you work on it... all night?
Rinko: I got a little bit of sleep... at dawn this morning... There were just certain details... I wanted to make perfect...
Rinko: And so... here it is... the costume...
Maya: Whoa...!
Rinko: Well, the main character... is a girl... but she appears as a male at first...
Rinko: So... I was hoping the costume would strengthen the character's masculinity.
Maya: I see! That's why you added this armband! It certainly makes the character look much more courageous!
Kaoru: Moreover, I notice you've adorned the chest with the symbol of a lion. The design elevates the nobility of the character... Now, it looks like the protagonist has the strength of a powerful feline.
Kaoru: This is the very prince costume I have been yearning for. Ahh, and this fleetingness. It's all I've ever desired!
Rinko: I-I'm glad you find it... fleeting enough...
Maya: Say, Shirokane-san... you've not only nailed all the stage terms but you've somehow managed to understand Kaoru-san-speak, too...
Rinko: N-now that you mention it... I suppose you're right... Fufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Maya, the actors have finished getting into wardrobe. Shall we get the crew ready and start the dress rehearsal?
Maya: Yes, absolutely! Oh, a dress rehearsal is-
Rinko: The final rehearsal... before the live performance...
Aya & Yukina: Obviously! Obviously.
Maya: Ahahaha, you're right. Trying to explain it was foolish of me! Alright, let's get this show on the road! Break a leg!
All: Break a leg!
Maya: Actors, in your places, please!
Kaoru: That's my cue, my little kittens. It pains me that we must be separated, but alas, the green room is where I must go.
Rinko: S-Seta-san... B-break... a leg...
Kaoru: I shall. Much appreciated... All of you have toiled long and hard for this play. I shall deliver an outstanding performance worthy of your efforts.
Maya: Backstage crew, in your places! Lighting and sound teams! Preset the stage so it's ready for the audience to enter.
Aya: Wow! The whole mood of this place just changed! It feels like the actual performance is about to start!
Yukina: And we were the ones who created this stage.
Rinko: This is the very view that I've wanted to see... I've been waiting all along... just to see this...
Rinko: It's... so very... fleeting.
Aya: Yup. You're right... It's totally fleeting, I think!
Yukina: Yes. Fleeting, indeed.
Maya: Huhehe. It really is... fleeting...
Maya: Looks like we're ready to go! Lightboard operator... Fade to black!
(Black cut)
