event59-04 Chapter 3: On the Same Wavelength?

Kaoru absolutely loves her new dress, and her conversations with Rinko start to go more smoothly...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Aya: Rinko-chan, I think it's perfect! Have faith in yourself! They're gonna love it for sure!
Rinko: I... really hope that's the case...
Yukina: I also think the intricacy of the design is typical of your work.
Rinko: Th-thank you... very much...
Maya: Hey, everyone! Sorry to have kept you all waiting! We had an actors' meeting and it ran a bit late.
Kaoru: Please know how sorrowful it was for me to have left you all alone, my dear kittens. I can only imagine how lifeless and dull the room must have been without me.
Rinko: ... The... dress... design... is...
Kaoru: Oh, I am filled with anticipation to gaze upon the fleeting design you've created. However, before that...
Kaoru: Allow me to recite a poem to express my deepest appreciation, dearest Rinko.
Rinko: A-a poem...?
Kaoru: Oh, Rinko, If you were to be compared, a fleeting lily you'd be. My heart-
Maya: K-Kaoru-san! Let's leave the poem until later! I'm dying to see Shirokane-san's design!
Maya: Shirokane-san, please show it to us!
Rinko: I-I'm not sure... if it'll meet your expectations... but here is the design... I came up with...
Maya: Whoa~! This is...!! Th-this is even better than I was expecting! It's amazing!! What do you think, Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Fleeting... and brimming with passion... This is everything I've dreamed of in a dress. The very dress I had envisioned!
Aya: Right, right?! And take a look at the design of the bust! It's gorgeous!
Maya: Are these... flowers?
Rinko: The theme of the play is... meeting and parting... So I thought flowers would be appropriate to represent that sentiment...
Kaoru: For flowers bloom, then they fade away... It is but that, am I correct?
Rinko: Y-yes...
Yukina: I think the high slit of the dress is a nice touch. It'll certainly show off a more elegant figure.
Rinko: Th-that's because... Seta-san can make... anything look good...
Maya: Practically speaking, the slit allows for freedom of movement on stage! It's great! More than great! This dress is fantastic!
Maya: Oh, if we want to make the red of the dress stand out even more... Maybe we should make the backdrop more subdued.
Kaoru: I shall make sure the acting plan will complement the high slit. Without a doubt, this slit design will make the stage shine!
Maya: In that case, how do you feel about this? We can try elevating the stage a little higher! That way, we can make the thigh-high slit stand out even more!
Maya: Let me make a rough floor plan of the set!
Kaoru: Ahh, Rinko. My gratitude can no longer be expressed by a mere poem. Yes, that's it! Will you be so kind as to dance with me?
Rinko: ... D-dance...?
Maya: It's done! What do you think? We'll raise the right side of the stage by three steps! And we can easily do this by using platforms and step units!
Kaoru: Ahh, what a glorious stage it shall be!
Aya: Uhm, Maya-chan... I think platforms are pretty self-explanatory,  but what are step units?
Maya: Step units are movable steps. They can help the actors get on a platform that has been adjusted for height.
Aya: Oh, I see! Let me take note of this...
Rinko: Uhm... I was sort of thinking...
Maya: What is it, Shirokane-san?
Rinko: How do you feel about having Seta-san do the monologue in the last scene on top of this...?
Maya: Doing the monologue on top of- ... O-ohh~! That would be an excellent idea!!
Kaoru: Fufu, I was thinking of the exact same thing.  Rinko, it seems that we are rather... compatible.
Rinko: You and I are... c-compatible?
Aya: I-I don't think so... What about you, Maya-chan?
Maya: I'm not really sure... I mean, I can't deny it completely, though. They're both cut out to be great artists.
Kaoru: Ah, yes, Maya. If we're doing the monologue on here, then I believe the lighting shall be affected...
Maya: You're certainly right! I'll have to work on changing the light plot again.
Maya: Ohh~, I think we're gonna have ourselves a fantastic stage! And it's all thanks to Shirokane-san's dress design! Thank you so much very much!
Aya: Theater is so fascinating! We started off talking about the dress design, and then we went into deciding on the stage construction and lighting!
Yukina: You get an image of one thing, and then it inspires other aspects... Similar to band performances.
Maya: You're right about that! Theater isn't always just about the actors. The world that's presented is brought together by what happens behind the scenes!
Kaoru: Oh, but theater is not about the performers or the stage crew, either. You're forgetting the most important aspect...
Rinko: I-is it... the audience...?
Kaoru: Fufu. It is but that.
Aya: Wow, maybe you two are compatible...
Kaoru: Rinko... I have witnessed your incredible talent firsthand. Now, I have but one request to ask of you... Will you oblige?
Rinko: Y-yes...
Kaoru: I must confess, the prince outfit I'll be wearing first does not exactly fit the image I desire...
Kaoru: It will be the first impression the audience has of my character. I am hoping it could be more... fleeting.
Rinko: F-fleeting...? I-I believe I understand... I will try to make it more... fleeting...
