event59-05 Chapter 4: Set Building Day

Today's the day the girls build the set pieces. As everyone goes about their duties, they notice a change in Rinko...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[Set-Construction Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Aya: Maya-chan~! We should put the wood over here, right?
Maya: Ah, Aya-san! You should always wear heavy-duty gloves when handling lumber! It would horrible if you got hurt!
Aya: Ah, right! Sorry about that! ... Hmm? Where were the gloves again?
Maya: Oh, let's have you do something else then... Can you lay down some newspaper on the floor? We'll need it for some other work.
Aya: Got it! Let's see, the newspapers are...
Rinko: Yukina-san... It's easier to cut with the fabric scissors... if you... keep the bottom blade... touching the table...
Yukina: The bottom blade... Keep it on the table? You mean like this...?
Rinko: Yes... Also, you never want... to close the points of the scissors all the way... Cut with the middle of the blade...
Yukina: Cutting fabric is harder than it looks.
Rinko: Once you get used to it... it becomes quite easy...
Yukina: Even just making one outfit takes a lot of work.  I had no idea...
Rinko: Ako-chan and I... always have a good time working on them... Plus... it's all for the success of Roselia...
Yukina: Can I help out as well next time you make outfits?
Rinko: Yes...! O-of course you can!
Maya: Great job, you two! Is there anything you need? If there is, I'd be more than happy bring it over...
Rinko: W-we're fine... Thank you... for asking...
Maya: We ended up asking you to adjust the other costumes for the play, too. I apologize for all the extra work we gave you.
Rinko: No, it's okay because... Yukina-san and Maruyama-san are here... And so are... all the other club members...
Maya: Right now, the actors are having a meeting. But they'll be done soon, and Kaoru-san and the others will join us!
Rinko: O-okay... Thank you for letting us know...
Yukina: Fufu... Rinko, it seems like you're not that scared of Seta-san anymore.
Rinko: Ohh... Yeah... I guess you're right...
Aya: Hey, Maya-chan! Look over here♪ This space is fully covered with newspaper!
Maya: Ohhh, every inch of it, too! I knew you'd do a great job with that, Aya-san!
Aya: Wow, really?! Any other places that need newspaper laid down?!
Maya: Aha, hahaha... I think we're okay on newspaper for now.
Aya: If you need more, just say the word!
Maya: I-I sure will...! Oh, by the way, Shirokane-san, Kaoru-san mentioned altering the prince costume before. How is that coming along...?
Rinko: I'm still working on that... I made a preliminary design... but I felt there's still something missing...
Maya: If it's too much, don't worry about it. I can figure something out.
Rinko: O-okay...
Aya: Same goes for you, Maya-chan? You're juggling classes, prep for the play and our band practices... You have to make sure you fit some breaks into your schedule, too.
Maya: Haha. Thank you very much, Aya-san. But I'm fine, really! Having so much work to do is fun!
Aya: So much work... is fun...?
Kaoru: As Shakespeare once wrote,  "The labor we delight in physics pain."
Maya: Whoa, Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Fufu, such magnificent insight, befitting of the most admirable writer.
Rinko: I too... identify with that sentiment... I mean... it makes me happy... if I'm able to support those who shine on stage... from behind the scenes...
Rinko: It feels... very similar to when I perform... with Roselia...
Maya: Ohh! I am exactly that way, too! I feel the same when I perform with Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: Wait, what do you mean by that? When you're performing with the band, aren't you two on stage?
Maya: Well, yeah, we are... But what we're talking about is a mood, like a feeling?
Aya: Huh? I don't really get it. Can you explain?
Maya: Hahaha. It's fine that you don't get it.
Maya: Anyway, the actors are done with their meeting. We should begin the building process!
Aya: Okay!
Maya: We'll work on top of the newspaper so we don't get the floor dirty!
Aya: The newspaper that I laid down!
Kaoru: Most impressive, Aya. It is the finest job of laying down newspaper I've ever had the pleasure of seeing.
Aya: You're being too kind. You're gonna make me blush... But now I feel like I should roll up my sleeves and work even harder!
Maya: Oh, Shirokane-san and Minato-san, please go ahead and continue with the costume arrangements.
Rinko: O-okay... We will...
Aya: Hey, Maya-chan... For this piece, I just need to hammer in the nails here, right?
Maya: Oh! Aya-san, you don't have to use a hammer! It'd be terrible if you got hurt by the claw! In fact, can I get you to paint it, please?
Aya: Uhm... I follow the painting part,  but huh? The 'claw'...? What's that...?
Yukina: Perhaps it refers to that? The very thing that you are holding in your hand...
Aya: The hammer?! ... Oh, I see! The two sharply curved parts must be the 'claws'!
Maya: Hey, you guys got it right! The claw hammer is the most common hammer we use in stagecraft! The curved claw is used for ripping out nails.
Aya: Wow, sweet! We're all nailing our roles as stagehands! Okay... "The claw hammer... a common tool used by the shop crew"...
Maya: Alright, everyone, let's work on getting these tasks done!
