event59-03 Chapter 2: A Fleeting Dress of Passion

Rinko and Yukina agree to help make the costumes. What kind of dress does Kaoru have in mind...?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Hello, everyone. Thank you very much for gathering here today. For all of you in attendance-
Aya: M-Maya-chan! It sounds like you're about to give a long speech!
Maya: S-sorry about that...! I'm just nervous seeing faces I don't normally see at the theater club...!
Kaoru: Yukina. Rinko. You must have come here for the sake of seeing me. Please accept my warmest welcome.
Rinko: ...
Yukina: I assure you we are not here for that reason...
Maya: Actually, Minato-san and Shirokane-san are going to help us with making the costumes!
Kaoru: Ahhh, I see.  How very fleeting, the both of you.
Aya: Yukina-chan! Rinko-chan! Let's all do our best!
Rinko: I-I... look forward... to working... with you...
Yukina: I'll try not to be a burden.
Maya: There's no way you'd be a burden! I'm just really thankful the both of you are willing to help us out!
Yukina: This is the perfect opportunity for me since I wanted to see how Rinko makes our outfits anyway.
Rinko: I... also wanted to talk more to Yukina-san about making clothes...
Kaoru: Fufu, in other words... To know others is to know thyself... What a profound way of thinking.
Yukina: And what exactly... is that supposed to mean?
Kaoru: It means... To know others... is what it means to know... thyself. That is all.
Maya: K-Kaoru-san... All you did was say it a little slower...
Rinko: ...
Rinko: (Seta-san sure is... scary...)
Maya: Sh-Shirokane-san, you don't have to be so petrified of Kaoru-san! She's pretty much always like this. You'll get used to it eventually.
Rinko: O-okay...
Maya: Anyway! Did you have a chance to read the script I handed you yesterday?
Yukina: To my understanding... the story is about a character who travels to different stars.
Maya: That's more than enough if you got that much! What about you, Shirokane-san?
Rinko: The story goes beyond... the encounters between people... It also delves into the meeting and parting with entire worlds... I was deeply moved.
Maya: Y-you read it that thoroughly?! You're completely correct! The main character grapples with making difficult life choices that are quite thought-provoking!
Kaoru: The story is an abundance of emotions. You'll witness the protagonist endure an array of difficulties, hurdles, and struggles.
Maya: Uhm, can I point out that... difficulties, hurdles, and struggles are pretty much synonyms of each other...
Kaoru: But anyway, it's not every day we get to work on such a fantastic piece together.
Kaoru: Yukina... And you, Rinko... Perhaps your threads of fate are tied with ours.
Rinko: ...
Rinko: (Just as I thought... So... scary...!)
Maya: Okay, we will split the stage into three large sections representing three different stars. And we'll set up the followspots in three different ways.
Aya: What... are 'followspots'?
Maya: Oh, followspots are lighting instruments that project a bright beam onto a performance area. The followspot can really change the whole atmosphere of the stage.
Aya: I see! Ah, I should write this down! Uhm... "Followspots"...
Maya: When it comes to stage design, it's better to have an abstract idea rather than a concrete one.
Maya: We'll need to make around ten long rectangular boxes which can be used as chairs or tables depending on the scene.
Kaoru: I see. I shall begin planning as well.
Maya: Great. Let's aim to do our shop-crew stuff on the weekend after next. All actors are expected to help out on that day, so please be there!
Yukina: Yamato-san, what exactly is this 'shop-crew' thing you speak of?
Maya: Oh, right, I'm sorry! Shop crews are the people who construct and assemble set pieces for a performance, but here, everyone does that together.
Maya: Are there any other questions?
Rinko: Uhm, excuse me...
Maya: Ah, yes. Shirokane-san. What is it?
Rinko: Well, it's just that... I'll be designing the dress... So if possible, I'd like to know what kind of image... Seta-san would like...
Maya: Good point! Kaoru-san, what do you have in mind for the dress in the last scene?
Kaoru: A dress befitting me... Well, it is of utmost importance that the dress be... fleeting.
Rinko: F-fleeting...?
Kaoru: A transient gown that looks like it would vanish at any moment... into thin air.
Rinko: A-a transient gown... that looks like ... it would vanish'...?
Maya: Uhh, let's use some lace and put frills on the dress.
Kaoru: And also... passion! The main character will be brimming with emotion as she aims for new encounters... And she'll need a dress with... passion.
Rinko: ... P-passion...
Maya: ... Red, please.
Kaoru: That is all that I ask of you.
Maya: To summarize... We would like a red dress with lace and beautiful frills.
Aya: You're able to translate all of that...
Maya: I guess I've known Kaoru-san for a long time now. Anyway, Shirokane-san. That's the type of dress we're going for!
Rinko: U-understood...
