event214-05 Chapter 4: Emergency Training Camp!

Roselia demonstrates incredible focus. That reason is...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Studio]

Yukina: ... Stop.
Yukina: The last four songs aren't meshing. I'd like to rethink the order of the songs one more time.
Lisa: Hmm. Considering the momentum leading up to the last song, this song order is closer to the image we want~.
Sayo: However, the momentum coming to an end here is concerning. In which case...
Ako: Ah, what about if when this song ends, we use the drums to connect it right away?! Maybe something like this...
Yukina: ... Yes, that might work. Let's give it a try. We'll start right before the last hook of the previous song.
All: Okay!
Yukina: And Rinko. About the end of the previous song...
Harumi: E-everyone, why don't you take a break for a while? You've been playing non-stop for hours now...!
Lisa: Thanks, Harumi-san. But we're okay☆
Harumi: B-but...!
Ako: Really, we're fine! We've just got one more push until it all takes shape! Right, Yukina-san?
Yukina: Yes. I'd like to continue until we reach a good stopping point.
Yukina: Once we decide on the song order, all we will have to do is play it through from the top.
Harumi: What do you mean that's all...!? Won't that mean going through an entire concert's worth of song-
Yukina: Alright. Here we go once more.
(Black cut)
All: Pant... Pant... Pant...
Yukina: Now... we should be able to play it completely... Let's... take a break...
All: Sigh~...
Lisa: Actually, I'd already reached my limit...
Rinko: My vision... went dark at the end...
Sayo: That does not surprise me. It is already eight o'clock, after all... At the very least, we should have something to eat...
Ako: B-but... we don't have anything to eat... And I don't have the strength left to go out and buy something~...
Harumi: Everyone~!! I've brought you some goodies~!
Ako: H-Harumi-san~...!!
Lisa: Now that's what I call nice timing~...!
Harumi: For the time being, I bought anything that caught my eye. What would you like? I have sports drinks, tea, coffee, onigiri, sandwiches, and sweet snacks. Oh, also...!
Ako: It's an oasis... An oasis in the middle of the desert...!
Harumi: If there's anything else you might need, please let me know! After all, breakfast is the most important meal of the day!
Sayo: Thank you very much... Hm? Breakfast...?
Ako: Wait... When you said eight, did you mean eight in the morning?! Does that mean we pulled an all-nighter?!
Harumi: Ohh, you scared me a little when you actually played the entire time~...! You have incredible focus and resolve. But please go home and rest properly today. Promise me!
Lisa: Harumi-san, you've been here this whole time, right? We're really sorry to have made you stick with us...!
Yukina: ... How long has it been since we pushed ourselves this far?
Sayo: That is a good question... But I doubt we've ever gone to this level...
Yukina: True... However, it is fun.
Ako: I know what you mean! The image of the concert came surging forth like fwoosh, and it felt like my arms kept getting lighter!
Rinko: Every time our parts came together, we thought of... so many things we wanted to try... and then practice again... That repetition... was kind of fun...
Lisa: I get that~. It was kinda like my hands wouldn't stop playing.
Yukina: To think that the sun would set without us knowing and then rise without us realizing it...
Yukina: We all are hopelessly in love with music.
Sayo: ... Yes. I would have to agree.
Lisa: Yeah. If that weren't the case, we wouldn't try something this reckles-
Ako: Ah...
Lisa: Ahaha! Ako, what's with your timing?!
Ako: I'm sorry~! It was such a great conversation, so I was holding it back! I kept telling my stomach, "Don't growl, don't growl!"
Rinko: Fufu... Let's have breakfast together...
Sayo: Eating here would be improper. We should move to a table outside of the studio.
Ako: Okay~! ... Wh-whoa!
Lisa: Whoa there, Ako. Are you okay?
Ako: Y-yeah...! My legs felt kinda weak~.
Yukina: If this is causing you to fall over, the concert might be out of your...
Ako: Yukina-san? Is something wrong?
Yukina: ... My knees are wobbling, and I can't stand.
Ako & Yukina: ... Pft.
All: Ahahahahaha! Fufufu...
Ako: Hey! Yukina-san, you're not one to talk~!
Yukina: I thought that I was fine.
Lisa: Whoa. Hey, look in the mirror! Don't we look pretty ragged?
Ako: Ahahaha, you're right! We've even got dark circles under our eyes! We look super lame~!
Rinko: We really do look terrible... Fufufu.
Sayo: While it was inevitable, I think this may have been pushing it...
Lisa: I'd be too embarrassed to walk outside like this~!
Yukina: Fufufu... There will be days like this. As long as we continue to practice music.
