event214-01 Opening: To Roselia

On the last day of the tour, how do Roselia's fans and the other bands see them?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Chiyu Tamade)

Yukina: (... I can hear cheering from far away.)
Yukina: (I can hear the voices calling us.)
Yukina: (Having completely taken in the regrets of that day and all the hardships until now, today, we get up on stage.)
???: ...Yukina-san... Yukina-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Concert Hall Entrance]

Kasumi: It's here~! It's the final day of Roselia's nationwide tour!
Tae: Wow! There are already so many people!
Rimi: The excitement is kind of amazing.
Saya: Yeah. It's like you can feel everyone's anticipation for the concert in the air...
Fan: ... Hey, did you hear? They performed PASSIONATE ANTHEM in Fukuoka.
Fan: Aw~, I wanted to hear it! Think they'll also play it today?
Fan: One of the fans who's been following the tour said their set list has been the same since Fukuoka. So they're bound to play it again today!
Tae: I wanna hear PASSIONATE ANTHEM too!
Kasumi: Me too, me too! I can't wait for the start of the concert~!
Arisa: I know how you feel, but calm down! For now, we have to find our meeting place with the others...
Kasumi: That's right! Umm, if I remember correctly, it's next to guest reception, right?
Kokoro: Kasumi! Over here!
Kasumi: Ah, Kokoron!
Ran: Everyone from the other bands is already here. You guys in Poppin'Party are the last ones.
Arisa: Urk. Seriously...?
LAYER (Rei): It's not like you're late, so it's okay.
Aya: Mhm. All of us in Pastel＊Palettes just got here.
Mashiro: U-um, Kasumi-san... H-hello!
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan, hiya! ... Huh? Why are you hiding behind Toko-chan?
Toko: I don't really get why, but for the past few minutes, she's been saying, "Everyone's so radiant~. I'm nervous~. My stomach hurts~."
Mashiro: W-well, with so many amazing people here, it feels like I'm the only one who's out of place...
Kasumi: That's not true! I'm looking forward to seeing Roselia's concert with you!
Mashiro: K-Kasumi-san...!
LAYER (Rei): It's the final day of their nationwide tour. I wonder what kind of concert it'll be.
Aya: Even music magazines had really high anticipation for it. Social media has been abuzz about a usually harsh magazine praising it.
Ran: Ahh, you mean that one magazine... What they wrote more or less acknowledged Roselia's true abilities, bu-
CHU² (Chiyu): That was a tedious article that lined up superficialities. It couldn't keep up with how Roselia's music changed since the tour started or anything else concrete.
CHU² (Chiyu): For example, the settings for the Fukuoka show focused on the weight of their sound. And the recent Nagoya show had a balance-minded sound production...
Mashiro: Wow... So you've been going to see them that much...
Ran: Sounds like you must really like them...
CHU² (Chiyu): N-no! I only went to keep an eye on the enemy as RAS's producer!! Don't get the wrong idea!!
Mashiro: Eek... Sh-she's so scary...
LAYER (Rei): I'm sorry. She's just being a little stubborn...!
Kasumi: By the way, Ran-chan. You and the others had a joint concert with Roselia, right? I wish I could've gone to see it~.
Ran: That concert was something we settled on last minute...
Moca: Ran picked a fight with them~. What happened was intense, and it was like we duked it out until one of us collapsed~.
Ran: Hey, Moca. Quit filling everyone's heads with nonsense.
LOCK (Rokka): But it really was an amazing concert! Roselia and Afterglow's music collided, and there was a genuine heat there...
Ran: Honestly, I think Roselia had their hottest concert ever that day.
Ran: It was like they took control of the space in no time and thrust their music into us.
CHU² (Chiyu): And they do it so nonchalantly, which gets me fed up.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm certain today's concert will be no different. They'll captivate everyone watching with the power of their overwhelming music.
LAYER (Rei): I have a hunch that no matter what we might picture, Roselia's music will easily go beyond our imaginations.
Kasumi: Whoa~. I wonder what kind of music it'll be~...! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
???: ...Yukina-san... Yukina-san!
(Background change)
Yukina: ...
Ako: It's time. C'mon, let's go!
Yukina: ... Right.
(White cut)
