event214-02 Chapter 1: A Budding Feeling

Roselia discusses what the best concert to conclude their tour should be like.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Yukina: ... That covers the lessons we learned from our previous concert. Next, let us discuss the tour's final show.
Ako: Whoa~. So we've only got one show left in our nationwide tour, huh?
Lisa: It went by in the blink of an eye~. We were just saying the other day how it was the first day of our tour~.
Sayo: Ending the tour at the location it started seems as though it will be rather emotional.
Rinko: But I'm sure... it will be a completely different concert... than the first day...
Ako: Right! We went through a super power-up during our tour, so let's make our final concert super legendary~!
Sayo: ... Speaking of which. Harumi-san, did you not mention you have something to discuss with us before the final performance of our tour?
Harumi: I did! I'll get right to it... Ahem. So, some reps from the label you girls belong to will be coming to see the final day of the concert tour!
Ako: From the label...? Are they supposed to be different from the agency staff?
Sayo: Udagawa-san. We met with the label representatives prior to our debut, remember?
Harumi: At the time, you met various people in addition to preparing for your major debut concert, so it's no wonder you don't remember. I'll explain everything once more!
Harumi: Put simply, the label is behind the planning and creation of albums!
Harumi: For example, say Roselia makes an album. If you think of them as your partner who works with you to create the direction of the music, you'll be fine!
Ako: Okay~!
Lisa: If people from the label are coming to see us... does that mean we're making a new album?
Ako: A new album?! Yay~! I'm super-duper excited!
Harumi: Ah, um... That hasn't been officially decided yet. According to the label reps, they apparently want to judge it based on the results of the tour's final performance...
Sayo: I see... If we do not produce a good result, that may also affect our activities following the tour.
Rinko: I hope... we can put on an amazing concert for our last performance... Not only for the future... but because it's the tour's culmination...
Yukina: The tour's culmination... Quite right.
Lisa: I wanna make it a concert that'll showcase what touring the whole country has done for Roselia's skills.
Ako: And I wanna make it a triumphant return concert that's super duper cool!
Ako: Something that'll make the entire venue go bam after we go boom!
Ako: Just picturing it has me really fired up! Why don't we start practicing right away after this meeting ends?!
Lisa: Nope! We all decided we wouldn't practice after today's meeting, remember? We have to rest when we can.
Ako: Oh yeah~. Ehehe, I suddenly got in the mood to perform.
Sayo: Today, let's focus on our discussion for the final performance as planned. We can now see the direction of the concert, so shall we discuss the set list?
Rinko: Right... If we're showing the tour's culmination... wouldn't it be best to leave the set list as it is...?
Lisa: Good point. Having the same set list would make it easier to show everyone that it's the culmination. So I think I'm with Rinko on this.
Sayo: As am I. Let us adhere to what Roselia is as we make the concert our crowning glory.
Lisa: Yeah! A lot happened during our nationwide tour, but let's end it our way... In true Roselia fashion!
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ... Yukina? Is there something bothering you?
Yukina: ... No... I have the feeling that something is missing.
Sayo: And by that, you mean...?
Yukina: You say we must be Roselia when we make the concert our crowning glory... But is that really all we need to do?
Yukina: I do not intend to neglect what we have continued during the tour.
Yukina: However, throughout the tour, it has felt like our concerts have been trying to change. I do not wish to ignore that either.
Rinko: I think... I somewhat understand...
Rinko: Until now, we've... focused on performing our music in the best way possible...
Rinko: But right now... we're looking at the people to whom we'll deliver our music... We're having concerts with fans that will view and enjoy them in different ways...
Yukina: Yes. That is exactly why not one of our concerts has been the same. I can't describe it very well, but I want to cherish this feeling.
Yukina: There is most certainly something new between ourselves and the audience. It's still small and ambiguous... Yes, it's almost like a seed.
Yukina: This seed we found during the tour has grown from us facing our audience and is on the verge of budding...
Yukina: That is why I want to face our audience even more.
Yukina: To find out what this seed is, I want to try having a concert that feels like we are speaking to the audience... One that is like we are having a conversation with each other.
Ako: A concert that's like a conversation...?
Sayo: Does that mean... we won't make it a concert that adheres to what Roselia is?
Yukina: It does not. However, what I want to do does not change.
Sayo: In that case, instead of making a decision based solely on the sentiment of "wanting" to do it, I believe we should give a bit more careful consideration to the matter.
Sayo: If we are to attempt something, we will need an adequate reason. After all, this concert involves many staff members and will affect Roselia's future.
Lisa: Yeah, I agree that it'd be pretty difficult. Especially when we're really trying to bring our tour to a successful end in Roselia fashion this time.
Yukina: ...
Ako: Um, I wanna try out a concert that's like a conversation with our audience! I think it'd be really important for us right now!
Ako: I can't explain it very well, but if we can make the "seed" Yukina-san's talking about bloom, I bet it'll turn into a super duper pretty flower!
Ako: Instead of giving up because it's hard, why don't we try it?!
Yukina: Ako...
Yukina: Thank you. But what Sayo and the others say is also correct.
Yukina: We can fulfill our professional responsibilities by doing what needs to be done. And what we need to do this time is bring the tour to a successful conclusion...
Yukina: ... Let's set aside this discussion for now. I would like everyone to please consider whether our set list should be improved before the next rehearsal.
Lisa: Okay! Then let's call it quits for today.
Ako: ... Okay~...
(Black cut)
