event214-04 Chapter 3: Accelerating Heartbeat

Yukina runs into Kasumi, who is excited about the show, and asks her a question.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: Ako and Kasumi! It's rare to see the two of you together!
Kasumi: We ran into each other while I was on an errand, and we were talking about how Aa-chan is at school and about your tour!
Ako: And then I told her how we'd invite everyone from Girls Band Party to the last day of the tour. Yukina-san, let's show them how cool we are!
Yukina: Yes. We will make it a concert that won't betray expectations.
Kasumi: Wow~. I'm really looking forward to it!
Yukina: ... Toyama-san. Have you ever been at a loss for what kind of concert you should put on?
Kasumi: Huh? What kind of concert...? Hrm~... I don't think so!
Lisa: Huh? You haven't? Not even once?
Kasumi: Nope!
Yukina: That's just like you, Toyama-san. No matter what, none of you ever have any doubts.
Kasumi: Oh no, that's not true! There are lots of times when we have doubts or worries. But I don't think we've ever thought about what kind of concert we "should" have.
Kasumi: I think the times we worry are when we have a concert we want to do but don't know how we can do it...
Yukina: You don't think about what you "should" do but what you "want" to do...
Yukina: What did you do when there was a type of concert you wanted to do but didn't know the method for?
Kasumi: Hrmmm... We did everything that we thought of!
Kasumi: When we tried a livestreamed concert, it was really hard figuring out what we had to do to deliver the concert's energy to the other side of the screen.
Kasumi: Since we didn't know the answer, we tried everything we could think of as many times as it took... That refusal to give up is what let us do the concert we "wanted" to do!
Lisa: Wow~, you guys are amazing. You can charge ahead like that when you don't know the right answer.
Kasumi: Ehehe~. Do you think so~? But doesn't everyone have the same reason for doing their best?
Kasumi: It's because that way is better... It's because they believe things will be more sparkly and heart-pounding that way!
Lisa & Yukina & Ako: ...!
Kasumi: Ah, my mom's saying she can't make dinner...! I'm sorry. I know we're in the middle of talking, but I...
Yukina: Yes, of course. I'm sorry to have held you up. Also... thank you.
Kasumi: Sure! Well, I'll be looking forward to the concert!
Lisa: Because things will be sparkling and heart-pounding, huh...?
Yukina: Poppin'Party simply follows their hearts as they throw all their energy at music.
Ako: It's the same way for Roselia! The cool Roselia I know is just like that!
Ako: Yukina-san, Lisa-nee! Let's have a sparkling and heart-pounding concert too!!
Lisa: What? You want us to be sparkling and heart-pounding...?
Ako: Well, maybe not that, but it'd be a concert that we can trust will show people what Roselia is all about!
Ako: I have no idea what tactics or items we need. But using everything we have and attempting something with all our might suits Roselia the best!
Ako: If we're serious, a lot of our staff should support us. It'd be to the point that they'll be a super strong buff!
Lisa: A strong buff... huh?
Lisa: Yeah... Everything just kinda clicked. I'd say we've caught sight of our choice. Wouldn't you, Yukina?
Yukina: Lisa... Ako...
Yukina: (I am surrounded by people who believe in the potential of music and tackle it head-on.)
Yukina: (It's not about whether they can or can't do something. They almost recklessly give everything they have for what they believe in...)
Yukina: (It was the same for that girl for who this near-burning setting sun would be so fitting.)
Yukina: ... Fufufu.
Ako: Yukina-san...?
Yukina: I can finally see how I truly feel... No. Perhaps it would be correct to say I've broken through my doubts.
Ako: Then you mean...!
Yukina: We are going to be busy from now on, you two.
Lisa & Ako: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: Touting a new goal... and accomplishing it... is just what Roselia represents... Now that I think about it, that's true...
Sayo: I may have been fleeing from this new challenge by using my responsibility as a professional as a shield...
Yukina: It was the same for me. I was only thinking of bringing this tour to a pretty end.
Yukina: "We should make the concert our crowning glory. That's what we have to do..." That is how I was restricting myself.
Yukina: But looking back, this tour was not always pretty.
Rinko: Yes, you're right... We also had a concert... that we regretted... Since that day... we've continued to make every effort we can...
Sayo: Correct. We were desperate to gain something. This is precisely why we also accepted the request for a joint concert under an unreasonable schedule...
Yukina: I do not want to end this tour... with it just being pretty.
Yukina: Rather than a sensible Roselia that fits within a framework of a successful conclusion, I want to be a Roselia that chooses challenge and risks everything.
Sayo: ... That is likely what it means to "carve out" a path where none exists.
Sayo: After hearing what you just said, I have resolved myself. After all, if we only think of what we might lose, we cannot move forward.
Rinko: Right... I also want to wager... on Roselia's newest challenge...
Lisa: Then it's settled!
Ako: Let's do it, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Everyone... Thank you.
Sayo: It is too early to thank us. We have a mountain of things to do.
Lisa: We'll also be changing our set list, so we'll have to give it a run-through before we bring it up to the staff... Whoa, we don't have very much time, do we...?
Sayo: We must choose our set list by tomorrow and bring it to the meeting. Otherwise, we will not make it in time. We will have to be prepared to stay the night in the studio.
Ako: A Roselia emergency training camp?! That's kinda cool...!
Yukina: This isn't the time for that. Barring meals and sleep, all our time from now until the day of the concert will be spent preparing. Everyone... I hope you're ready.
All: Yes! Yeah!
