event214-03 Chapter 2: White Clover

Roselia has failed to reach a consensus. Yukina and Lisa see something...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Yay~!! We cleared the limited quest! Rin-rin, you and I really are the strongest duo ever~!
Rinko: Amazing... To think we'd clear the quest this quickly...
Ako: It must be because we super leveled during the last main quest~.
Rinko: That's true too, but... your determination was different than normal... You were ready to use... all the items and skills you could...
Ako: Well, of course! After all, I was dead set on clearing it today!
Rinko: Fufu... Those feelings are important, aren't they...?
Ako: Yeah... If only our concert would go this way too.
Rinko: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: We went pro after joining the agency, but I can't help but wonder if we really need to change that much.
Ako: We use all our items and skills to take on challenges with everything we've got. That's what Roselia's all about, right?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Not getting to do the concert we "want" to just because a whole bunch of people are involved... makes me feel a little weird.
Ako: Harumi-san, all the staff members... and even the people at the label aren't a debuff.
Ako: They're supposed to be a super-duper strong buff that helps us.
Rinko: Ako-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: I wanna try having a concert that feels like we're talking with our audience.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Lisa: We said we'd use the same set list as last time, but we're having trouble deciding~. Plus, I do feel like changing things up for the encore...
Lisa: The desire to end the tour in Roselia fashion is getting jumbled with the desire to show off our development.
Lisa: So I wonder what kind of concert we should ultimately put on...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ... Ahem. By the way, what do you think, Yukina?
Yukina: ... Hm? Did you say something?
Lisa: Ohh~, I knew you weren't listening just now!
Yukina: I'm sorry. I was thinking about the final performance.
Lisa: And that's just what I was talking about.
Lisa: ... I guess you'd really like to have a "concert where we have a conversation with the audience," huh?
Yukina: ... Yes, I do "want" that.
Yukina: However, I also believe it's perfectly reasonable for you and the others to insist that we avoid making this attempt for the final performance of our tour.
Lisa: Yeah, about that. I'm also actually feeling a little unsure.
Yukina: You are?
Lisa: Yeah. That's why I don't think I can confidently say, "Let's stick with our current set list!"
Lisa: I know in my head what we need to do as pros. But the more I think about it, I can't help but wonder if it's okay to ignore the "seed" you mentioned...
Yukina: ...
???: Lalala~♪ Lala~♪
Lisa: Hm? Is that a child's voice...?
Yukina: ... What a joyful singing voice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Child 1: Wow~! Hey, hey, sing it again! Sing it one more time!
Child 2: Let's sing together this time! Here we go. One, two, three!
Child 1 & 2: Lalala~♪ Lala~♪
Lisa: Fufu, they're so cute~. That's a nice melody. What song do you think it is?
Yukina: Who knows... It might be a song they created themselves.
Lisa: Ahaha, you might be right! Maybe they'll start a band in the future too.
Lisa: ... Say, do you think we also looked like they do?
Yukina: What do you mean...?
Lisa: Remember? The time me, you, and your dad had that session.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Yukina's Dad: Yukina, do you like songs?
Yukina: Yes! I love them!
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Yukina: ... We might have.
Lisa: Whenever we had a session, it would always get dark out in no time at all~.
Lisa: And even when your dad would say we should go home, we wouldn't listen and just told him, "After we finish this song."
Yukina: Yes. We repeated that countless times.
Lisa: Ahaha. It was pretty bad how many times we got to sing just by saying "After we finish this one!" But we were just that crazy about it.
Lisa: ... I know we were talking about complicated stuff earlier, but our reason for playing music hasn't changed.
Lisa: We began in this park, started a band, and played in Future World Fes... Then we debuted under a major label and went on a nationwide tour...
Lisa: I do get the feeling that we've come a long way. But when all's said and done, our reason hasn't changed.
Yukina: Lisa...
Kasumi: Huh? Isn't that Yukina-senpai over there?!
Ako: Ah, you're right! Lisa-nee's with her! Hey~, Yukina-san! Lisa-nee!
Yukina: Ako and Toyama-san...
