event214-06 Chapter 5: From Roselia

On the day of their show, Roselia makes a vow and heads to the stage...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[The Day Of The Nationwide Tour's Final Show]

Yukina: ...♪
Staff: ... Okay, thank you. Is there anything about the sound that you would like to have adjusted?
Yukina: It is fine. Please keep it as is.
Yukina: Next, before we move on to the full rehearsal... Rinko, if you please.
Rinko: Alright...
Sayo & Lisa: ...
Ako: ...
Yukina: (It's obvious what we must do today. That is to focus on all the sounds and voices in the venue.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: And to finish it, I'll just add on this accessory... Okay. It's done...
Ako: Thanks, Rin-rin!
Sayo: ... Imai-san? You have been looking restless for the past few minutes.
Ako: Lisa-nee, are you feeling nervous...?
Lisa: Huh? Wh-why would I... Yeah, actually, I am.
Lisa: I can't believe this~. I'd just recently stopped getting nervous before concerts too~...
Sayo: Are you alright?
Lisa: ... Yeah, I'm fine. If I take some deep breaths, I'll calm down a little. And I'm sure that once all five of us get on stage...
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (My heart is calm. I hear no unnecessary sounds. There is pitch-black silence.)
Yukina: (This seed we found as we carved out a path where none exists... We will make it bloom into a precious flower with the you of today as we sing of this day.)
Yukina: (I want to know the name of that flower.)
Yukina: (... I can hear cheering from far away.)
Yukina: (I can hear the voices calling us.)
Yukina: (Having completely taken in the regrets of that day and all the hardships until now, today, we get up on stage.)
Yukina: (That's why I want you to show me. Show me the flowers as they begin to open and the scenery that lies beyond...)
Ako: ...Yukina-san... Yukina-san!
Ako: It's time. C'mon, let's go!
Yukina: ... Right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Staff: All members of Roselia are here!
Staff: We're also ready over here! Everyone, we're glad to be working with you again today!
Ako: Yeah, so are we!
Lisa: Breathe in... And out... Okay.
Yukina: Lisa... Are you ready?
Lisa: Yup. I'm good to go.
Harumi: Everyone... It's finally time for the last performance of your nationwide tour. Starting it here and making your way back seems kind of moving...
Sayo: Harumi-san, the concert is yet to come. Please watch every moment of our performance today.
Harumi: I will...! I trust that you'll definitely be able to put on the greatest performance!
Rinko: Thank you very much... It will be very reassuring... to have you watching over us...
Yukina: ... The five of us are what complete Roselia. However, the five of us alone cannot carve out the path that lies ahead.
Yukina: I trust everyone knows... what Roselia must do today.
All: Yes! Yeah!
Yukina: ... Let's go.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Good evening. We are Roselia.
Yukina: Tonight is certain to be a special night. And all of you are coming with us.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?!
Ran: Minato-san called out to the audience...
CHU² (Chiyu): (Something's going on... This isn't like Yukina Minato.)
CHU² (Chiyu): (You've always been a band that kept composed expressions and would never look at anyone but yourselves. And yet...)
Audience Member: Yeah~!!
Audience Member: Roselia~!!
Toko: Oh my gosh, what is this?! They reached the greatest excitement in the universe in seconds!
Mashiro: There's such a crystal-clear fire in her voice as she sings... It's like the venue is ablaze in blue flames...!
Hina: Sis, you're really grooving today! You're totally boppidy bop boppin'♪
Himari: Incredible... I feel like I'll be blown away by the music!
Tsugumi: But what is this? It feels completely different compared to the music they thrust into us that one day...!
Tomoe: ... Haha, I'll be damned. If this is the performance they're putting on, then I'll also have to...!
Kasumi: Wow... Wow, wow! I've never seen a Roselia concert like this...!
Kasumi: The venue is sparkling, and I'm filled with an absolutely heart-pounding feeling!
Kasumi: I wonder how far I can go with this music...!!
