event05-02 Chapter 1: Let's Go Stargazing!

The three girls plan on going stargazing, but Tsugumi realizes something...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: C'mon~! We have to hurry~! Today's the last day to register~!
Ran: If you're in such a rush, why don't you find someone else to invite? We have to head to the studio.
Kasumi: There's no time to find someone else~! It's the last day!
Kasumi: If you guys leave now, I'll have to go all by myself...
Kasumi: I want to look at the sparkling starlit sky together! Please!
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, this is a pretty good opportunity. We should do it! And look how hard Kasumi-chan is trying to get us to go...
Tsugumi: Not to mention, going to new places might give you inspiration.
Tsugumi: You could get an idea for our next song.
Kasumi: Yeah! Most definitely! You'll be able to write a sparkling, heart-pounding song!
Tsugumi: Oh, we might even get to see a shooting star! With the stargazing tour being at the top of a mountain and all.
Kasumi: Just imagining it makes me wish I was there already~! Ran-chan, come see the stars!
Tsugumi: Come on, Ran-chan. We should go!
Ran: Tsugumi, always Tsugurific...
Kasumi: Ah... Is it because you're not a fan of being in the mountains? Yeah~, there are lots of bugs, and it can be dark and scary. I get it.
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it... Ran-chan, when we were kids and we went camping, you did say you were afraid of the dark.
Ran: Huh?! Wh- what are you talking about, Tsugumi?!
Tsugumi: But we've grown a lot since then... And we'll be in a group, so it should be fine!
Kasumi: Should be fine.
Ran: I-I never said anything about being afraid of the dark!
Kasumi: Okay, so let's go.
Ran: ... Ugh! Fine, I'll go.
Tsugumi: Yay~! Thank you, Ran-chan.
Kasumi: Ran-chan~!!
Ran: S-stop! I said get off...!
Ran: I'm only going because it might help me write a new song, nothing more, okay?
Kasumi: Yeah! That's fine with me! Yay~, stargazing♪
Tsugumi: Okay, so you said there wasn't a lot of time, but where do you have to go to register?
Kasumi: That's right! Uhh... The poster said I should go to the downtown union office.
Ran: We have to get to rehearsal, so can you take care of it, Kasumi?
Kasumi: No problem! Leave it to me.
Kasumi: Alright, I'm gonna go register right away! I'll let you know all the details after! See ya~!
Tsugumi: This is gonna be so much fun. Maybe I'll buy a book of constellations♪
Ran: Could be a good idea.
Tsugumi: Uhm... Ran-chan.
Ran: Hm?
Tsugumi: Sorry I was being so pushy... If you really are afraid of the dark, I'll help you overcome that fear.
Ran: N-no! I said I'm fine!
