event05-03 Chapter 2: The Leaders of a New Star!

In another part of town, Hina and Kokoro talk of plans to find a new star and move to outer space.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Ah, Kokoro-chan! You came!
Kokoro: Yep! I wouldn't miss a day with the astronomy club!
Hina: Okay. Why don't we get started then?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hina: Phew, thank goodness you're a part of the astronomy club. I would've have been all alone otherwise.
Kokoro: Yeah, there's only one person in the club at both of our schools.
Hina: Mhm. They call it "The Sweethearts Club" at my school, so no one ever wants to stop by.
Kokoro: We didn't even have an astronomy club. But then...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kokoro: Hmm, is there really nothing fun to do...? I've been looking all day, but I haven't found anything.
Kokoro: Huh...? You can see the stars so clearly here. There's nothing in the way, and they're so pretty!
Teacher: Who's there?!
Kokoro: Hey, sensei! The stars look so nice up here. You wanna look at them together?
Teacher: Tsurumaki-san...? What are you doing here?
Kokoro: Those people over there let me through. Don't worry about that. C'mon, let's look at the stars!
Teacher: (... Normally, this might call for disciplinary action, but... If I punish the daughter of the Tsurumaki family, I'll never work in any town again...!)
Teacher: T-Tsurumaki-san... You're in the astronomy club, that's right! S-sorry to bother you. Wow, you work so late, admirable!
Kokoro: Astronomy club? I'm not in the astronomy club!
Teacher: O-oh, really? Are you sure? Alright, then we'll just have to make one!! Hah, hahaha~!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kokoro: So sensei created the club for me. Isn't that sweet?
Hina: Hahaha. That would only happen to you! That reminds me, didn't they find a new star recently? I'd love to find one for myself~
Hina: And then, I can name it whatever I want~. Hinantares! Or something!
Kokoro: That's great! I want to name one, too!
Hina: And then, and then~... I'll move~. And I'll be that star's queen!
Kokoro: Awesome. I've been given the right to name a star, but I've never imagined being a queen of a star before!
Hina: What? You can do that? Really?!
Kokoro: Yeah, I got it from my father as a birthday present once.
Hina: Wow~!! I always knew you were interesting!!
Hina: I already love learning about other people, but your life is super duper special! I could hear about it all day!!
Kokoro: Special? You think so?
Hina: Super duper~! You're one of a kind.
Kokoro: Hina, you were saying you wanted to be the queen of a star, right? Why don't we go on a search for a new star?
Hina: Definitely!! What a great idea, that sounds like so much fun! ... How do we do that?
Kokoro: Oh, right... Well, first we have to find a place where the stars will be easy to see.
Hina: Like on a mountain? The air is so clean, and the sky is really clear...
Kokoro: Oh, I have a vacation home that would be good for that! Why don't we try going there?!
Hina: Okay~...! is what I would like to say, but Pastel*Palettes and I still have stuff to do, and I need to pack if I want to go to the mountains.
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, my band also has a show coming up soon.
Hina: Hey, what about the end of the month? I think there's supposed to be a meteor shower!
Kokoro: Yeah! That'd be a sight like we've never seen before!
Hina: I can't wait! I'll have to start thinking of a name for the star!
Kokoro: And if you become a queen, you'll also need a name for your country!
Hina: You're right! Ahh! I can't take it, Kokoro-chan! This excitement is killing me!!
