event05-04 Chapter 3: A Surprising Encounter

The stargazing tour has started. Hina and Kokoro appear after hearing Kasumi's guitar.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

[Mountainside]

Kasumi: Wow~! Everything's so green! And the air is so clean~, I just wanna keep breathing it! Inhale... Exhale... Inhale... Exhale...
Tsugumi: I didn't know there was a place where you could enjoy nature like this just two hours away.
Kasumi: There's nothing blocking our view, so I think we'll be able to see a whole lot of stars!
Ran: Tsugumi, Kasumi. The tour guides already went ahead. Stop playing around so we can catch up.
Tsugumi: Ah, Ran-chan, wait~!
Kasumi: A two-day stargazing tour... Ohh~! This is gonna be so much fun!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

Kasumi: Ah~, I couldn't eat another bite! Dinner was so good!
Tsugumi: Yeah, really good! Those sautéed mountain vegetables were delicious!
Ran: I wasn't expecting a lot because it didn't cost much... But this tour has been going pretty well.
Kasumi: And the place we stayed at was beautiful, too! At this rate, the starry night sky is gonna be amazing!
Ran: Not that the two have anything to do with each other...
Tsugumi: But I know what you mean, Kasumi-chan! Even now, we can see the stars so clearly.
Kasumi: And more will come out as it gets later!
Ran: So it probably would've been fine if we stayed inside for a little longer. Why'd we have to come outside?
Kasumi: What~? After coming all the way here, don't you want to be outside? This is the walk before the stargazing. Gotta walk!
Ran: If we're going for a walk... why'd you bring your guitar?
Kasumi: Just because!
Tsugumi: Haha, just because...
Kasumi: A walk in the night forest might make you excited to play, right?
Ran: No, I don't think so.
Kasumi: Yes! It would! I already wanna jam with the stars!
Kasumi: C'mon, Ran-chan, Tsugu! Let's sing!
Kasumi: La~!!
Ran: K-Kasumi, quiet down. And put your guitar away.
？？？: Hm?? Kasumi?! And Ran?!
Kokoro: I thought I heard the sound of a guitar... Wow! What a coincidence seeing you guys here!
Tsugumi: Kokoro-chan?! And... Hina-senpai?!
Hina: Oh, Tsugu-chan. You're here with Kasumi-chan and Ran-chan too. What're you all doing here?
Kasumi: We're here to see the stars on this tour!
Hina: We're looking for stars too~. Right, Kokoro-chan?!
Kokoro: Yeah! We're looking for a star people could live on! And then, Hina and I will become the queens of that star!
Tsugumi: A-a star people could live on...? Queens...?
Ran: ... This is insane...
Kasumi: Whoa~, that sounds awesome~!! I wanna help!
Hina: Come join us! I'm sure we can find one while stargazing.
Ran: Sounds more like a wild goose chase...
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan, it'll be okay.
Kokoro: But it doesn't seem like there are too many stars out yet.
Hina: We're planning on staying at Kokoro-chan's vacation home on top of this mountain. You guys should come too!
Kasumi: I wanna go! Thanks for the invite, guys!
