event05-07 Ending: Uncontrollable Excitement

The return trip home. After a late night, the girls find themselves dozing off during the ride... or so it seems...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

[Tsurumaki Vehicle]

Kasumi: Whoa~! We can have an amazing car like this bring us back to our cottage?!
Kokoro: Yeah. This way, we should be able to get there in no time! No time at all!
Hina: The place you guys were staying is pretty far from the vacation home.
Tsugumi: I didn't even realize because we were so busy talking, but I guess we did walk a long way...
Ran: It's a good thing this car is here to take us. The late night is starting to catch up with me.
Tsugumi: Yeah, I'm feeling sleepy too... Yawn...
Kasumi: What?! How?! I'm completely awake!
Kasumi: With all those beautiful stars we saw?! Everywhere you looked, star, star, star! Not to mention, even shooting stars!
Kasumi: I'm way too excited to sleep!
Ran: Yeah, it was exciting... But if you're sleepy, you're sleepy.
Kasumi: Don't say that~... Hina-san, you'll stay up with me, right?!
Hina: Hmm,  I don't think I can. My eyes started closing as soon as we stepped into the car.
Kasumi: Aww~, don't go to sleep! Let's talk about the stars~!
Hina: Sounds great, but my brain's not really working, so I don't know how long I can do that...
Kasumi: Oh, that reminds me. Were you able to find a star that people can live on?
Kokoro: Ah...! I was so distracted by the shooting stars, I completely forgot!
Hina: There were so many stars in the sky that there has to be at least one we could live on. And with that said... Nighty-night~.
Kasumi: Aww... Hina-san~...
Kasumi: That's right! I still have Kokoron! Kokoron, let's talk about the sta-...
Kokoro: Zzz...
Kasumi: But she was just awake!
Ran: Kasumi, you should try to get some shut-eye too. Alright, then. Good night. I can't keep my eyes open for another second.
Tsugumi: Zzz... Zzz... Zzz...
Kasumi: Everyone fell asleep...
Kasumi: But I just can't! There's no way I could after seeing that starlit sky...!
Kasumi: The beat of the stars I heard that day really wasn't just a dream!
Kasumi: It was because of that night that every time I look at the stars, I get this thrilling, heart-pounding feeling!
Kasumi: Ahh~! I'm so pumped! I can't hold it in anymore! Time to play my guitar!!
Kasumi: Even strumming the strings of Random Star looks like more fun than ever!! And it's all because of that glittering sky~!
Kasumi: Totally awesome! I wanna see it again~!
Ran: Kasumi, pipe down... Sigh, just when I was starting to fall asleep.
Tsugumi: Mmm~...
Kokoro: Zzz...
Ran: I can't believe Kokoro is still sleeping after all of that...
Hina: Haha, Kasumi. You might be a little too excited.
Hina: But you know, maybe it's a good thing that you can think of anything as being so fun.
Kasumi: Exactly! Isn't it a wonderful way to see things?!
Kasumi: Which is why~ we must sing sing sing~!!
Tsugumi: Haha... Kasumi-chan, you have so much energy.
Hina: And even so, Kokoro-chan is still out. That's amazing. How could she still be asleep?
Kasumi: Okay, why don't I perform a lullaby with Random Star for her?! Then she'll dream about the stars!
Kasumi: All together! Go to sleep~♪ Go to slee-!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran, Tsugumi & Hina: That's enough! All right already~!!
