event05-05 Chapter 4: Why I Watch the Stars

The girls find themselves at Kokoro's vacation home. Kasumi tells the story of why she came to see the stars.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

[Tsurumaki Cottage]

Kasumi: Yawn...
Kasumi: Mmm... I'm so sleepy...
Ran: You're the one who said we should come on this stargazing tour...
Hina: Just a little longer, and you'll be able to see a meteor shower. C'mon, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: I'll... do my... best...
Tsugumi: I feel it, too...
Ran: Tsugumi, you didn't come all this way so you could fall asleep before you see the stars, did you?
Tsugumi: I know, but... Okay, I'll try... Ran-chan, you're not tired?
Ran: I stay up late on a regular day either way, so... No, I'm not.
Hina: Me too! At night, my mind is sharp. It's easier to do things.
Kokoro: Yawn... I'm ready to sleep too. Is it time yet? Maybe we can just rest our eyes for a little bit.
Hina: You might miss the meteor shower while you're sleeping. Fight it, Kokoro-chan! Fight it!
Kokoro: Okay, how about you tell an interesting story? Maybe that'll wake us up.
Hina: A story to wake you up? Hm, like a scary story?
Tsugumi: I-I think... I'll pass...
Kasumi: I know! I'll play my guitar!
Ran: What? Hey, wai-
Kasumi: La~...!
Tsugumi: Ahh! Hey, I think that worked!
Kokoro: Nice! I'm wide awake!
Kokoro: ~♪ ~♪
Kasumi: ~♪ ~♪
Ran: Kokoro! Kasumi! You can't play instruments at this time! You'll disturb the housekeepers...!
Kasumi: Oh, right. S-sorry...
Tsugumi: I'm sorry too. I got overexcited...
Kasumi: Uhh, uhm... Okay, I'll tell you all the story of when I heard the beating of the stars!
Kokoro: Beating of the stars? That sounds interesting! I'm all ears!
Kasumi: So when I was a kid, I once heard the beating of the stars with my own ears. I came on this stargazing tour so I could hear it again...
Kasumi: I went camping in the woods with my family... and that's when I heard it. The sound of the stars!
Kasumi: The woods were really dark, kinda like now, and my younger sister and I were walking... And on a hill just outside of the area, bam...!
Kasumi: Stars everywhere, sparkling and heart-pounding! They were so shiny and gave off this sound. Inside, I could feel excitement building...
Kasumi: And now, I'm here so that I can have that heart-pounding sensation once more.
Kasumi: Ahh, now what do I do...?! Just thinking about it makes me want to sing again! There's no way I can sleep now!
Ran: Wow. You really are full of energy.
Kokoro: What a beautiful story! Let's all listen to the beat of the stars together!
Kasumi: That beating. I call it my "sound of the beginning..." When I heard it, I got the feeling that something was gonna happen.
Ran: The feeling that something is gonna happen... Hmm.
Ran: It's not the same as the beating of the stars, but... The first time I plucked the strings of my guitar, I got the same feeling.
Ran: The sound, the touch... I could feel my heart pounding... I could feel something deep inside me heating up.
Kasumi: Yeah! That's it! That's the feeling I got when I heard the beating of the stars!
Kasumi: I know today you'll be able to hear it too!
Ran: Yeah. I get the sense that I will.
Hina: The feeling that something is going to happen? That sounds super fun!
Tsugumi: Yeah. A story with a dream... I don't feel sleepy at all after hearing it, Kasumi-chan. I can't sleep until I hear the stars myself.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! No laying our heads down until we can look up at a starlit night sky!
Ran: ... Just hope you don't get tired from being  too excited.
Kokoro: How long do we have left? An hour? There's no way we'd fall asleep before then!
Kasumi: Yeah! No worries! We won't fall asleep! I mean, there's no way I could now anyway!
Ran: Guys, you're all way over the top. Are you sure?
Hina: Ran-chan, don't worry so much. Everyone's wide awake. They'll be fine.
Ran: I sure hope so...
Kokoro: Kasumi! Tsugumi! Let's tell even more stories and kick this sleepiness to the curb!
Kasumi: Yeah!
