event24-03 Chapter 2: First-Rate Hospitality

After hearing what's on Eve's mind, Chisato and the others offer to help with Hanne's welcome party.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: I want to make things right with Hanne. I want to talk to her... and apologize.
Chisato: So that's how you really feel deep down. Thanks, Eve-chan.
Eve: What...? You're not going to get angry?
Maya: Angry? Why would any of us be angry?
Eve: But I... I lied...  I hid that fact... and I wasn't able to be honest with everyone about it...
Eve: A warrior would have to fall on their sword for this...
Tsugumi: You're really kind and honest to yourself, Eve-chan. There's no way we'd get angry at you. I'm happy that you shared your feelings with us. Thank you.
Eve: Tsugumi-san...!
Kanon: If there's anything I can do to make this easier for you, I want to help, Eve-chan...!
Eve: I'm so sorry to make everyone worry...
Tae: Why are you apologizing? You don't need to apologize to us.
Tae: People worry about you because you are important to them. So... I think it's best to say thanks to the people that care about you...
Tsugumi: Yeah! I agree! That was really good, O-Tae-chan!
Eve: Th-thank you so much...! Aww... I'm so... happy...!
Chisato: You don't have time to be crying, Eve-chan. You have a friend in Finland that's worried about you. You have to tell her the feelings you just shared with us.
Eve: Y-yes! You're right!
Chisato: If it's okay, could we help you welcome your friend to Japan? She's coming all the way here, we should make sure she leaves with wonderful memories.
Eve: Really?! In that case...!
Maya: I'll help too!
Kanon: I-I'll do what I can as well!
Tsugumi: I'll help too, of course!
Tae: I think we should have a rabbit party. We could bury ourselves in rabbits and share our food with them. The menu would mainly be carrots.
Eve: Thank you so much, everyone! I'm so happy! Oh, but...
Eve: I don't think the rabbit party will work...
Tae: ... Huh? It won't? Why not?
Eve: Rabbits are cute, but... umm... how do I put it...?
Tae: You don't like carrots, Eve?
Eve: Umm...
Tsugumi: D-does anyone have any other ideas? H-how about you, Kanon-san?!
Kanon: M-me? I, umm... How about a tea party where we can look at jellyfish floating through the water...?
Chisato: That sounds like a party you would enjoy, Kanon. Doing the things you like is important, but I think it's also important to think of what our guest would enjoy most.
Eve: What our guest would enjoy...?
Maya: Thinking about how to welcome them in a way that would make them the happiest.
Maya: The best approach would probably be to find something that aligns with what Eve-san wants to do, and what would make her friend happy.
Eve: Hmm... Something that would make Hanne happy, and something that I want to do...
Eve: Oh, I know! How about a Japanese-style home party?
Eve: Hanne loves Japan as much as I do, and she studies Japanese too!
Tsugumi: Oh! I think Hanne-chan would probably like that!
Kanon: Yeah! I'm sure we can make it into a really lovely party if we work together.
Maya: Time to put the skills I've learned behind the scenes to good use!
Eve: Thank you so much, everyone...! I think I can welcome Hanne to Japan now!
Tae: It's a shame we can't have a rabbit party, but... it's okay.
Tae: Like we said, you're an important friend of ours, Eve.
Eve: Tae-san...! Aww, I'm so happy!
Maya: You're crying and smiling all at once, Eve-san. Here's some tissues.
Eve: I'm sorry, I'm just so happy...!
Kanon: Let's make this work, Eve-chan.
Chisato: A Japanese welcoming... There's a variety of ways we could do this. Is there anything particular you'd like to do, Eve-chan?
Eve: Let's see... I'd like to show her the beauty of Bushido! I want her to see a sword battle... and to eat Japanese food, not to mention...
Chisato: Fufu, it seems you have a lot of things in mind.
Eve: Aww, there's too many things to mention...!
Maya: Ahaha, that's our Eve. Why don't you try writing them all down and organizing your ideas?
Eve: I will! Once they are organized, I'll let everyone know!
