event24-04 Chapter 3: Party Full of Smiles

Eve spends time thinking of what kind of party to have. What will happen when she shares her ideas with Chisato and the others.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Eve's Room]

Eve: Okay! It's time to research how Japanese people welcome people.
Eve: I was told that a sword battle or an archery display would be dangerous... I have to find some ideas that are safer...
Eve: With the help of this book that I borrowed from the library, I am sure I will be able to come up with some good ideas. Okay then...
Eve: Hmm, what's this...? To welcome someone is the act of approaching with a considerate heart...?
Eve: This is exactly as Chisato-san and Maya-san said. The true heart of Japan!
Eve: I will treat Hanne with the same heart, and apologize to her... I will make sure she was glad that she came to Japan.
Eve: I hope I can find some good ideas to do that...
Eve: Hmm... Oh... Origami!
Eve: That's it! It's a thing that's very unique to Japan, and it makes a good present too! I am sure she will like it!
Eve: If we're going to make origami... it has to be this!
Eve: Umm... I fold it here...? Another fold over here... and then I cut this part to open it up...
Eve: Oh, this looks like something else now... Th-this is so difficult...
Eve: I will practice hard so that I can make Hanne happy!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Thank you for coming today, everyone! Oh, Himari-san and the other members of Poppin' Party are here too!
Kasumi: O-Tae told us what's going on! We wanna help out!
Arisa: Honestly... I'm just here as a chaperone for Kasumi. But if there's anything I can do to help, just let me know.
Himari: Eve-chan, let's make this a great welcoming~! Tsugu told me what's going on, so I just had to come too~♪
Eve: Everyone... I'm so happy!
Chisato: So, Eve-chan. Have you worked out what kind of party you would like to have for your friend?
Eve: Yes! I thought of lots of things, but... please take a look at what I put together!
Saya: Let's see... It says "Home Party Proposal" on the cover...
Himari: Did you do all this, Eve-chan...?!
Eve: Yes! ... Which is why I am a little sleepy today... ehehe.
Rimi: Wow~. It covers everything from food to interior decorations.
Eve: I wanted everyone to know what kind of things I wanted to do so, so...
Tae: Huh? I can't find anything about rabbits in here...
Maya: Tae-san... I believe we decided not to go with that idea...
Kasumi: Okay~! So we just have to organize all the stuff that's written in here, right?!
Saya: With this many people it shouldn't take too long.
Chisato: Eve-chan, it would probably be easiest if you gave us individual basic instructions as to what you'd like us to do.
Eve: Okay! In that case, let's start with this... oomph.
Kanon: ... Huh? Are those... origami? Wh-why do you have so many?
Eve: I made them last night for practice!
Eve: This is a crane... and this one here is a cherry blossom!
Kasumi: Wow! This is amazing! You made all these by yourself?!
Eve: I was practicing at first, but then I just started having so much fun and before I knew it I made so many...
Maya: So we're going to decorate the party with the cranes and cherry blossoms! It's a very Japanese kind of theme. I'm sure Hanne-san will like it!
Eve: I made lots of them last night, but there's still not enough, so I'd like everyone to help me make more.
Kasumi: Of course! Okay, let's do some origami!
Eve: I actually got the idea for the cherry blossom origami when I was thinking about the Sakura party that we had!
Eve: That day was so much fun, and everything was so beautiful.
Eve: I just want to show even a little part of it to Hanne!
Rimi: ... Yeah! The cherry blossoms were really pretty, huh? I'll do my best to help too...!
Kasumi: Arisa~~! I was trying to fold a crane, but somehow it turned into a duck~!
Arisa: The neck's so short! You didn't even fold it properly! How on earth did you mess this up?! ... Ugh, seriously, are you actually gonna be able to do this?!
Kasumi: Of course! I'll just power through it!
Arisa: As if that's gonna work! You can't power through everything, you know?!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, why don't we put the finished origami in this bag?
Himari: Got it! I'm gonna make so many~!
Eve: Fufu... I had fun when I was practicing on my own last night, but it's even more fun making them with everyone as a group♪
Chisato: Even things that aren't particularly special ending up feeling fun when you're with friends♪
Eve: That's right! I really think so too!
Eve: I think it's going to be a really good party, thanks to everyone! I can't wait♪
