event24-07 Ending: Lots of Compassion

Eve is back in the spirit of things and the party has ended. Eve shares what she felt...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Eve's Residence - Living Room]

Himari: Phew, we talked so much today! That was so much fun~!
Tsugumi: Yeah! It was really fun hearing the stories about Eve-chan at Hanasakigawa too.
Hanne: Eve, you've joined so many clubs at school. And they're all things related to Japanese culture!
Eve: That's right! It is all for the sake of mastering bushido!
Hanne: Bushido...?
Eve: Bushido is the way of the warrior in Japan! It defines their mentality and way of thinking!
Eve: A warrior is disciplined in their beliefs, full of compassion, and has a lovely mentality!
Hanne: You want to be like one of these warriors, Eve?
Eve: That's right! That's why I felt like I had lost the right to be a warrior when I lied to you...
Eve: But thanks to the support of everyone here, I was able to open my heart and regain my bushido!
Arisa: This sounds kind of right, but kind of wrong all at the same time... Oh well, as long as Eve is happy.
Himari: Ahaha, that's true.
Maya: Eve-san really does talk about bushido a lot. She always tells us about it during breaks at rehearsals.
Chisato: That's true... I feel like I've learned some things about bushido now, thanks to Eve-chan.
Eve: I am so glad to hear that!
Chisato: ... Whether or not that information is accurate is a different story, mind you.
(Black cut)
Rimi: We talked for such a long time, huh?
Eve: You're going to stay here tonight, right Hanne?
Hanne: Yeah, I think I will.
Eve: Thank you so much for today, everyone! It turned out to be a really fun day.
Kasumi: Same here! We had so much fun! Thanks, Eve-chan!
Saya: It all worked out, Eve.
Arisa: Okay. Now all that's left is to clean up before we go home. Kasumi, don't even think about leaving.
Kasumi: I-I know, jeez~!
Eve: It's okay! I'll do it! You've already done so much for me today...
Chisato: What are you talking about? We chose to help you because we wanted to, you know? We're going to do everything, which includes the cleaning.
Hanne: I'll help too!
Eve: Even you too, Hanne?! You're my guest, I can't ask you to...
Hanne: You organized such a lovely party for me and it was really fun meeting your Japanese friends. I want to do something to show my appreciation towards them.
Eve: Hanne...! Thank you!
Himari: Okay, then let's do the clean up together! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Arisa: H-hoh~...?
Saya: Kasumi, have you finished up over there?
Kasumi: Yep! All done!
Tsugumi: Hanne-chan, could you help me take out the trash?
Hanne: Of course! Leave it to me!
Maya: Eve-san, about the outfit you wore today... Uh, Eve-san?
Eve: ... Ah! Maya-san! What is it?
Maya: I was thinking that I'd like to take the outfit you used to the dry cleaners afterwards. Were you thinking about something, Eve-san?
Eve: I was just thinking about today. It was really fun...
Eve: Everyone even helped with the cleaning up... and seeing Hanne spending time with everyone made me feel that I have lots of really lovely friends.
Eve: Hanne, Maya-san, and everyone else... I'm so proud to call every single one of you my friends! I love you!
Maya: Eve-san... Fuhehe, I'm happy you think of us that way.
Eve: Kindness from ones friends... This is called compassion, isn't it? I felt so much compassion today!
Maya: Ahaha, that's a very Eve-san way of putting it!
Eve: I... feel like I took another step towards being a warrior today. I think that with friends like this, I'll be able to take even more steps in the future.
Maya: U-uh, yeah... I suppose you probably will.
Eve: Maya-san! I hope you always be there for me! I want you to watch over me as I become a warrior!
Maya: Ahaha... Of course, I'll always be right here!
Eve: Thank you so much! Okay Maya-san, let's hug!
Maya: Hue~?! U-um, I think this hugging thing is a bit too embarrassing for me~!
