event24-02 Chapter 1: A Failed Warrior

Feeling down about having lied to Hanne, Eve's unable to focus on work, but...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: (*sigh*... I couldn't talk to everyone about how I lied to Hanne...)
Eve: (I thought I could tell Kasumi-san and the others about it at school, but I couldn't bring myself to do it...)
Tsugumi: Eve-chan. Could you clear that table for me?
Eve: Oh...! Oh no! I forgot I was still working.
Eve: Of course! I'll do it right away!
Tsugumi: Oh, Eve-chan, we have a customer! Welcome!
Eve: O-okay! Welcome...
Maya: Oh, Eve-san! You're working today.
Eve: Chisato-san, Maya-san! Kanon-san and Tae-san are with you too? What a surprise.
Tae: I mentioned to Chisato-senpai that I wanted to talk to Maya-san some time because she knows so much about musical instruments, and now here we are.
Maya: That's right! After seeing how Tae-san takes care of her guitar, I had a feeling that we would have a lot to talk about.
Eve: Oh, I see. That means you are kindred spirits!
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose that's one way of putting it.
Eve: How lovely! Okay, you can use this table over here!
(Black cut)
Eve: Thank you for waiting! Cake sets for four!
Kanon: Wow...! Everything looks so good. I'm glad I chose cake. Thanks for your advice, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: You're the only one kind enough to say that, Kanon. These two are...
Maya: No doubt about it! That sharp sound is sublime!
Tae: I totally know what you mean. That sharp, piercing kind of sound...
Chisato: Um, may I interrupt for a moment? Why don't we all eat our cakes since they are right in front of us, Maya-chan, Tae-chan?
Maya: Oh! I'm sorry, Chisato-san... We got a little carried away... huhehe.
Kanon: It's easy to get carried away when you talk about something you like, huh? I understand the feeling.
Tae: Maya-san knows so much about musical instruments, it's hard to stop talking.
Chisato: It's easy talk forever about the things we love. It's the same for you when it comes to period dramas, right, Eve-chan?
Eve: ...
Chisato: ... Hm? Eve-chan? You're staring into space.
Eve: ... Ah! I'm sorry! I was thinking about something else and didn't hear a word you said!
Maya: Eve-san... Is something the matter? You don't seem like your usual self...
Tae: That reminds me, something didn't seem right yesterday either.
Eve: O-oh, it's nothing, really!
Chisato: Did something happen, Eve-chan? You can talk to us.
Kanon: If there's something troubling you, don't be afraid to ask us about it. We might be able to help you.
Eve: Chisato-san... Kanon-san...
Tsugumi: I feel the same way too. You always help out here at the cafe... I want to help you too if I can.
Eve: Ts-Tsugumi-san...
Eve: (If I run away from this, I'll truly be a failure as a warrior...)
Eve: (Everyone here is really important to me. That's why I need to tell them...)
Eve: (I... don't want to fail as a warrior...!)
Eve: To tell the truth, I... I lied to one of my friends...!
Chisato: Lied? What do you mean?
Eve: I... I lied to my friend Hanne, who is coming to visit Japan from Finland soon...
Tsugumi: When you say you lied, Eve-chan... What did you lie about?
Eve: Hanne always worries so much about me and my life in Japan. I wanted to put her at ease, so not long after I got here I...
Eve: I said that I'd made lots of friends... and that I was doing really well here.
Eve: But the truth is I barely had any friends at the time...
Eve: The Way of Bushido says that one musn't lie, but... I did.
Kanon: ... Eve-chan. Is that what's been bothering you?
Eve: I wanted to talk about it, but every time I had the chance I started to feel scared...
Kanon: I see...
Maya: Eve-san, you lied to Hanne-san because you didn't want her to worry. I'm sure she'll understand.
Eve: I wonder... Do you really think she'll forgive me for lying...?
Maya: I think she will! So try not to punish yourself so much...
Chisato: But we don’t really know anything about Hanne-chan. I don't think we're in a position to make such an assertion.
Maya: Ugh, that's a good point...
Chisato: Eve-chan, have you thought about what you'd like to do about this?
Eve: I... I...
