event24-06 Chapter 5: Valuable Friends

Hanne has seen through Eve's lie. Having learned that, what will Eve do...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Eve's Residence - Living Room]

Eve: Umm...
Eve: Ugh...
Kasumi: Eve-chan! You can do it!
Himari: Eve-chan!
Eve: Kasumi-san, Himari-san...!
Eve: Hanne, I... I'm sorry!
Hanne: Huh?! E-eve...?!
Eve: I... lied to you about something, Hanne. I said that I had made lots of friends.
Eve: But when I first arrived in Japan, I could barely speak any Japanese, and the truth is I didn't really make any friends.
Eve: I didn't want to make you worry, so I... I lied to you.
Eve: I'm sorry, Hanne... I...
Hanne: Eve...
Maya: It's not that E-Eve-san wanted to lie to you, umm... She did it for you...! ... Oh, I'm sorry I'm being assertive!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan is really thoughtful of her friends! You know that, right Hanne-chan? So, umm...
Eve: Maya-san, Tsugumi-san...!
Hanne: I know how thoughtful Eve is of her friends. I also knew that Eve was lying about something.
Eve: Huh...?!
Hanne: Eve, your voice cracks whenever you're feeling or guilty or trying to hide something. I guess it happens because you're such an honest person.
Hanne: That's how I knew when you told me that you had made lots of friends just after you arrived in Japan. I also knew it was because you didn't want me to worry...
Eve: I'm so sorry... Hanne...
Hanne: I was a little worried if you'd made friends until I arrived today. But now I know I can rest easy!
Hanne: I can see that you have lots of lovely friends who support you and help you!
Rimi: That's right! Everyone here is a friend of Eve-chan's!
Saya: Yeah, that's right.
Eve: Yes! Thank you so much, everyone!
Eve: Hanne. I want to apologize for lying to you. But there's nothing to worry about now. As you said, I have lots of special friends!
Hanne: Eve, thank you for opening up to me.
Eve: Aww, Hanne~!
Arisa: Uh oh, she's finally opened up the water works.
Himari: Aww, that was so touching, I think I'm gonna cry too~!
Chisato: Eve-chan, you must feel glad that you could open up to your friend like that. We're happy for you.
Eve: Chisato-san~!! Thank you~!!
Chisato: Kya! Hey, Eve-chan...! You're crushing me...!
Hanne: Fufu. You love your hugs, don't you Eve?
Eve: Yes! Hugs are a symbol of affection! Let's have one more huh, Hanne!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan seems to be enjoying herself. I guess she's back to normal now.
Saya: Yeah! What a relief.
Hanne: Everyone, tell me more about Eve! I want to know what everyone does in Japan, and...
Hanne: I want to know what it is you like about Eve!
Arisa: Wh-what we... like?!
Kasumi: Heh heh~, no being shy, Arisa~! We have to tell Hanne absolutely everything!
Arisa: Sh-shut up! Argh, fine, I guess I don't have a choice!
Eve: Ehehe, I love you, Arisa-san!
Himari: I want to hear about how Eve-chan was back in Finland too, Hanne-chan!
Hanne: Of course! We have lots of memories we can share!
Kasumi: Okay! I'll go first and tell you about Eve-chan! This story is from when we had a Sakura party...
