event110-05 Chapter 4: The Batting Cage Stage

The game has begun, and the girls are doing well, thanks to their practice. Akari, on the other hand...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Riverside Field]

Hagumi: Let's have a good game!
Kaoru & Misaki & Kanon & Kokoro: Okay!
Hagumi: Alrighty! We're on defense first! Kano-chan-senpai, all ready?
Kanon: Yeah...! Especially after all that practice!
Hagumi: That's right! I know you can catch anything I throw at you!
Hagumi: And the same goes for the rest of you! You've got this! You've all worked really hard! Okay... Let's do this!
(Black cut)

[Top of the First]

Kanon: (I've got this... I managed to catch Hagumi-chan's pitches yesterday.)
Kanon: (Plus, from here, I can see everyone... It's kind of comforting, as if I'm on stage.)
Hagumi: ... Hah!
Kanon: ...!
Track Judge: Strike!
Kanon: ... Wow, I actually caught it... I caught it, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Yeah! Nice catch, Kano-chan-senpai!
Akari: ... Wow...!
Kanon: Ehehe... Thanks! Alright, Hagumi-chan! Let's keep going!
Hagumi: Okay! Let's show them what Hello, Happy World! is made of!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Yah!
Kanon: ... Ah, there's a hit...!
Hagumi: Kokoron! It's coming to you!
Kokoro: Got it! Mister Ball, where are you going?
Kokoro: Hmmm... Here!
Misaki: Oh, she caught it.
Kokoro: I did it! Thanks for the tip, Mister Ball!
(Black cut)

[Bottom of the First]

Hagumi: Kokoron! That was a great catch back there!
Kokoro: Thanks, Hagumi! You know, I think I actually heard Mister Ball's voice! It was telling me, "I'm gonna fall there!"
Kokoro: I'm sure that’s why I was able to catch it!
Kaoru: Our little-ball kitten has finally opened its heart, I see. Ah, how fleeting...!
Kanon: Fufu. Kokoro-chan, I'm glad you and Mister Ball could finally become friends. You threw the ball nice and straight after that, too.
Kokoro: I did! But Kanon, your catching was wonderful! You managed to catch Hagumi's pitches even though they were flying at you so fast!
Kanon: Ehehe... Maybe I've become friends with Mister Ball, too.
Misaki: Seriously though, out of all of us, Kanon-san's definitely improved the most.
Kaoru: Indubitably. We must make sure we aren't left behind. Well then, I believe it is my turn to step up to the plate.
Hagumi: Okay! Go get 'em, Kaoru-kun! Let's start things off with a leadoff home run!
Kokoro: Kaoru! You've got this! Happy! Lucky! Smile!
Kokoro & Hagumi: Yay!!
Misaki: Ahh, the other team looks so shocked... But yeah, of course they'd be... Everyone is at first...
(Black cut)
Track Judge: Strike! Out!
Kanon: Ah, that was so close...
Kokoro: Yeah! I'm sure she'll get them next time, though! Kaoru's swings looked so cool, after all!
Hagumi: But the other team's pitcher really is amazing! Those pitches look even faster than they did last time! Right, Akari?
Akari: Y-yeah... Ah, I'm up next.
Hagumi: Okay! Don't worry, you can do this!
Akari: Yeah...
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Akari! Go get 'em!
Kanon: Go, Akari-chan!
Track Judge: Strike! Out!
Kokoro: Oh... But those were some fantastic swings! She'll definitely get them next time!
Kaoru: Indeed... Though it's somewhat vexing that we can do nothing for her but watch.
Hagumi: Hmm...
Misaki: What's wrong, Hagumi?
Hagumi: I don't know, it feels like Akari's swings today seem a little smaller than usual. You see, during practice, she puts her whole body into it and makes nice, big swings.
Kanon: Maybe she's nervous. She did say that she's never been able to get a hit off that pitcher...
Kaoru: That's certainly within the realm of possibility. It came to me when I stood in the batter's box. Standing there... It felt very much like being on stage.
Kaoru: When all eyes are on you, the tenseness from staring down your opponent, the pressure of wanting to put forth results... Akari is like an actress who cannot properly assume her role.
Hagumi: What can I do? I can't leave Akari like this. She must be suffering so much!
Kaoru: The audience's voice does nothing to help a wavering actress. All it may lead to is causing her more strain... I believe there to be a better way that we can support her.
Hagumi: What is it? I'll do whatever it takes for Akari!
Kaoru: In my humble opinion, what's best for an actress is for the audience to create a warm, welcoming atmosphere. To let her know that they're enjoying themselves.
Kaoru: If we can do that, I'm sure that Akari can return to her former glory.
Hagumi: Okay, got it! Then I'll have as much fun as I can!
Misaki: (Have as much fun as we can...)
