event110-02 Chapter 1: Let's Play Softball!

Hello, Happy World! is joining the game, so they need to get practicing...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside Field]

Hagumi: Attention, everyone! You know that game that we all thought was going to get canceled? Well, some helpers have arrived!
Kokoro: Hi! We're Hello, Happy World! Let's make sure this game is full of wonderrific smiles!
Akari: You're all going to play with us...? So that means... the game is back on, right?!
Kaoru: Exactly. We pledge to you our humble assistance, my sweet kittens of Sky Stars. Ah, how they twinkle in the sky... What a spectacular team name.
Hagumi: Isn't it?! I really like our team name, too! And this uniform! It's so cool! I'm so glad that we had enough extras around for you all!
Kokoro: Yeah! These uniforms would be great to wear at our next show!
Kanon: Fufu, it really does make you feel part of a team when everyone wears the same outfit, huh?
Misaki: I know what you mean. I guess you could say it's kind of like our concert clothes in that sense.
Hagumi: Right! I was so happy when I first got this uniform!
Hagumi: Oh, yeah! Before we start practice, I've gotta explain all the rules to you, first!
Kanon: Thanks, Hagumi-chan. That'd help a lot.
Hagumi: No problem! So first, you take this ball, and you throw it! Like whoosh! And then you take the bat, and go bam! And then...
Kanon: "Whoosh"...? "Bam"...?
Misaki: Haha... Maybe it'd be better if I did the explaining. I think I know the basics, at least...
Kanon: Y-yeah... Then maybe I'll have Misaki-chan teach me. Thanks, Misaki-chan.
Hagumi: Thanks, Mii-kun!
Kokoro: Hagumi, I wanna get to playing already! Even if I don't know the rules, I know it'll be a lot of fun!
Hagumi: You know what, you're right! You gotta dive in headfirst and see how it feels!
Kaoru: To paraphrase ancient wordsmiths of old, "The heavens only help those who help themselves"... Or something to that effect.
Hagumi: Yeah, that! I learned the rules as I went, too! Alright, then before we play, we've gotta decide what positions you're playing!
Hagumi: Hmm, so what we're missing right now is... center field, right field, second base, and... the catcher!
Kokoro: Wow! Those all sound amazing!
Misaki: Yeah, Kokoro probably didn't understand any of that, I'm pretty sure.
Hagumi: Okay, I've decided! First, our center fielder will be~... badudududum... Tada! Kaoru-kun! You've got long arms and legs, so I think outfield would be a great match for you!
Kaoru: Fufu. So in other words, I've been picked for my beauty.
Hagumi: Next up is right field... Badudududum...
Misaki: Ha-Hagumi, about that drumroll? I bet it'd be tough to keep it up for all of our positions, so you don't have to bother, really.
Hagumi: Really? Then I'll just do it normally! Right field's gonna be Kokoron! You're really good at sports, and you're super fast!
Kokoro: Of course! I love running!
Hagumi: Second base is going to be Mii-kun! The second baseman's gotta support everyone, so it fits you perfectly!
Misaki: Well, if it's support you need, I guess I might be good at it.
Kanon: So all that's left is the catcher... Which means, me?
Misaki: K-Kanon-san?!
Hagumi: Yeah! The catcher and the pitcher are a combo, you see! And since you, Kano-chan-senpai, and I are both part of the rhythm section of our band, it's gotta be you!
Kanon: I see... I'll do my best!
Misaki: I-Is this really gonna be okay...?
(Black cut)
Akari: Kanon-chan, I'm gonna throw it now! There!
Kanon: Wah, wah... Ah! Fueee, I missed again...
Akari: Are you bad at catch?
Kanon: Y-yeah... Looks like it. When the ball comes at me, I suddenly panic and everything goes white...
Kanon: But I can't stay like this forever. Akari-chan, one more time, please!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Here it comes, Hagumi! Yah!
Hagumi: ... Whoa! There we go! That was incredible, Kokoron. That throw curved so much!
Kokoro: It did! And that was a nice catch, Hagumi! Playing catch is really fun, isn't it?!
Hagumi: I know, right?! I love playing catch, too! C'mon, Kokoron! Throw it to me again! Nice and straight this time!
Kokoro: Got it! Leave it to me! Yay!
Hagumi: Wow! It curved again!
Kokoro: Incredible! Our friend Mister Ball must really like curving!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Hah!
Misaki: Oh... Kaoru-san, you're pretty good at hitting. You look like the real deal.
Kaoru: My thanks, Misaki. It seems I've found a hidden talent where I least expected it.
Kaoru: There's just... one thing. Something that the current me lacks, I feel.
Misaki: ... Is it fleetingness?
Kaoru: M-Misaki...?! You... can you read my mind?!
Misaki: No, but I did have a feeling...
Kaoru: Fufu. Even when it comes to the sport of softball, one mustn't forget the essence of fleetingness. How are you faring, Misaki?
Misaki: It's a struggle. Looks like softball bats and tennis rackets really aren't anything alike.
Kaoru: A fair point. Then I have a proposal. Why don't you try wielding the bat one-handed? Perhaps then, it might feel more akin to a racket when you swing it.
Misaki: No way, I'd have to have gorilla arms to be able to do that...
Misaki: (Sigh... With how things are looking, are we really going to be able to play a proper game...?)
