event110-01 Opening: Why Don't We Join?

Hagumi's softball team is working hard for their next practice game.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Misaki: Sigh... These long sessions in the studio on our days off really tire me out...
Hagumi: Really? I'm having a lot of fun! I get to spend more time with all of you, after all!
Kokoro: Me too! Kaoru's new guitar arrangement for her fleetingness theme song was fantabulous!
Kaoru: My thanks, Kokoro. Today, I envisioned the sight of snow bidding us farewell as spring approaches.
Misaki: And I'm saying that us having to play along with that is why I'm tired...
Kanon: Ahaha... But I do think it's about time that we write a new song. We should try and come up with something before practice tomorrow!
Hagumi: Right! I'm gonna be working super-duper extra hard tomorrow! Not just in the studio, but at softball practice, too!
Akari: ... Ah, Hagumi-chan! You guys!
Hagumi: Hey, it's Akari! What's with the uniform? We weren't supposed to have practice today.
Akari: I was practicing my swing. I really wanna get a hit in our next game!
Kokoro: Wow, that's wonderful, Akari! You're such a hard worker!
Hagumi: Yeah, I think so, too!
Kanon: Do you guys have a game coming up soon?
Hagumi: Yeah, in two weeks! It's just a practice game, but our opponents are super good! They've got a pitcher with a crazy arm!
Akari: Last time, I couldn't get a single hit all game... That's why this time, I'm gonna make sure things are different!
Hagumi: Yup! I know you've got this, Akari!
Kokoro: I think so too! Think about how much you've practiced. There's no way you won't get a hit!
Akari: You really think so?! Yay!
Kaoru: Fufu. Hard work always bears fruit, as they say.
Misaki: We're all cheering for you, too.
Kokoro: Misaki, that's it! What if we actually went to the game and cheered for her in person?!
Hagumi: That's a great idea, Kokoron! If you all came to see the game, I feel like I'd be extra motivated to do my best!
Akari: I'd like it if you were all there, too! Can you really come?
Kaoru: Of course, my little kitten. There isn't a person in the world who could come up with a reason to keep me from fulfilling a request such as this.
Misaki: Well... If it's really okay for us to come, then yeah, I'd like to go, too.
Kanon: Me, too! I'll do my best to cheer you two on from the sidelines.
Akari: Yaaay!
Hagumi: Isn't this great, Akari?! Let's make sure we play our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Studio]

Hagumi: Morning...
Misaki: C'mon, Hagumi, you're late... Whoa, what's up? What happened to all that pep from yesterday?
Kanon: Are you okay, Hagumi-chan? Do you not feel well?
Hagumi: No, I'm all good. It's just, there's kind of a problem...
Hagumi: Our practice match... It might get canceled...
Kokoro & Kaoru & Kanon & Misaki: ...?!
Kaoru: Hagumi... Please, enlighten us. What do you mean?
Hagumi: It looks like our manager got the date wrong for our match. The match isn't scheduled for the week after next week, just... Next week...
Hagumi: There's a lot of kids that have plans already for that day, and even our manager can't come, so we're short on members...
Misaki: I see... And Akari was looking forward to it so much, too. That really sucks...
Hagumi: Yeah... Sorry, everyone. Even though you all agreed to come and cheer us on...
Kanon: So there's really nothing you can do...? If you don't have enough players, then can't you just look for more, or...
Kokoro: Oh, then why don't we join?
Misaki: No no, there's no way we could-
Hagumi: Kokoron, that's it! I didn't think of that!
Misaki: Huh?
Hagumi: That's it! It's not like it's a tournament match or anything, so it should be totally fine if you all helped out!
Kaoru: A wonderful proposition. If that be the case, then it would be my pleasure to lend a hand.
Misaki: Huh? What? Oh no, Kanon-san, I've got a really bad feeling about this.
Kanon: Y-yeah... But... I do want to help, I think. It would feel awful if the match got canceled now, wouldn't it?
Misaki: Ka-Kanon-san, not you too... Ah, fine! I get it! I get! ... Count me in.
Hagumi: Yaaay! Thanks, everyone! With your help, we should be able to have enough players to play!
Hagumi: Wow! Wow! Gosh, I'm so excited now! I can't believe I get to play softball with all of you! It's like I'm dreaming!
Kokoro: I'm looking forward to this, too! Oh, Misaki! Why don't you call Michelle and ask her to join us?
Misaki: What?! Michelle?! No no no, no way, there's no way... Oh, that's right! You know, I just remembered, I think Michelle said that she's already completely booked on that day. Yeah.
Hagumi: Huh. Well, I guess there's nothing we can do about that.
Misaki: B-but seriously, what are we actually gonna do? None of us have any softball experience.
Kokoro: Then all we have to do is get some! Right, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Yeah! Kokoron's right! All you have to do is join in on our team's practices!
Misaki: Uhhh... Is that really okay...?
Hagumi: Of course! We've actually got practice today anyway, so I'll ask our manager then!
Hagumi: Now that you all have a chance to play, I want you all to learn to love softball, too!
Misaki: Ah... This sense of things spiraling out of control... It's the same as always...
Kaoru: From music to softball... Fufu. Today certainly seems like it will be quite the busy one.
