event110-04 Chapter 3: Hitting a Cool Shot

Practice has paid off, and the girls have improved. Akari continues to work hard on her own.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Batting Cages]

Kokoro: Hey, Mister Ball! How are you feeling today? I'm feeling great!
Kokoro & Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: I see. It seems our little-ball kitten might be quite the shrinking violet.
Kokoro: Yeah. I haven't heard its voice even once.
Kaoru: But see here, Kokoro. I've realized something quite important. To deepen your bonds with another, first you must make sure they understand who you are.
Kokoro: True! That's super important! You're right! Thanks for the tip, Kaoru!
Kaoru: The pleasure was all mine. This is all for the sake of the practice game, after all.
Kokoro: Then let's get started right away with self-introductions! I'll go first!
Kokoro: Hello, Mister Ball! My name is Kokoro Tsurumaki! I'm the singer in a band called Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: In softball, I play right field! My favorite things are everyone's smiles! Smiles are super-duper splenderific!
Kokoro: I really want to become friends with you! Once we're friends, let's smile and play softball together!
Kaoru: Ah, Kokoro... Such a blindingly bright self-introduction... How fleeting...!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai! Here it comes~! Yah!
Kanon: Wah, wah, wah...! ... Huh? Where'd the ball go...?
Misaki: In your glove! It's in your glove!
Kanon: Huh? ... Ah.
Kanon: I... caught it? I actually... caught the ball?
Hagumi: You did it! Congrats, Kano-chan-senpai!
Misaki: Yeah, nice catch!
Kanon: Ehehe, thanks.
Kokoro: Amazing, Kanon! That was a very kind catch! I bet you Mister Ball is super happy right now!
Kaoru: Ah, to think I would be able to witness such a wondrous sight... Well then, I believe it's time we hoist Kanon into the air for a celebratory cheer.
Hagumi: Ooo, that sounds fun! I wanna do the thing where they go, "Hip hip, hooray!" and toss the person in the air!
Misaki: Ahaha, you're all acting as if we won already.
Kanon: You don't have to bother with lifting me up... But thanks, everyone. I do feel a little more confident about myself now.
Hagumi: Of course! You've been trying so hard, Kano-chan-senpai! Alright then, let's try imagining we're playing an actual game!
Kanon: O-okay! I'll do my best, Hagumi-chan!
Kokoro: I'll do my besty best, too! Mister Ball, now that we're done with self-introductions, I'll sing you a song!
Kaoru: Sweat pouring down our brows. Smiles bursting forth unbidden... Ah! What beauty! There is no doubt in my mind that countless more gems await me in our match tomorrow.
Misaki: Well, I was pretty worried at first, but... Kaoru-san, Kanon-san, Kokoro, too... Everyone feels like they've gotten to a good spot.
Misaki: (With where we're at now, maybe the game will actually go well.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Hagumi: I'm so hungry! Your tummy always feels so empty after a good workout, doesn't it?
Kokoro: I'm kind of in the mood for a croquette! Maybe it's because the sky is croquette colored!
Hagumi: You're right! The sky's a nice, golden brown as far as the eye can see! ... Oh? Over there, is that...? Hey!
Akari: Ah, Hagumi-chan! Hey, guys!
Hagumi: You're still doing practice swings?
Akari: Yeah!
Kokoro: Wow, Akari! You really are a hard worker!
Kanon: But it's getting pretty dark out... Akari-chan, don't you think it's about time you head home?
Kaoru: I agree. It's dangerous for a young woman such as yourself to be out alone at this time of day.
Hagumi: They're right! It's good that you're working hard, but you can't push yourself too much!
Akari: B-but... if you're all coming to help out with our game, I want to show off for you guys.
Hagumi: Show off?
Akari: Yeah. Tomorrow, I wanna get a hit against that ace pitcher and look really cool just like you, Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: Oh yeah, you couldn't hit any of their pitches last time, right?
Hagumi: You don't need to worry about that! I know that you've got it in you. I'm sure of it!
Akari: ... Really?
Hagumi: Really really! So get lots of rest today. That way, you can give it your all tomorrow!
Kokoro: Yeah! And we'll be with you! It's definitely going to be a great game!
Akari: ... Okay! Thanks, everyone!
Hagumi: Alright, guys! Let's give it our all tomorrow!
Kokoro & Kaoru & Misaki & Kanon: Yeah!
