event110-03 Chapter 2: Another Serving of Practice

Headed back from practice, Kokoro takes the others somewhere to play more softball...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Akari, no more practice today, okay? It's late already! Make sure you go straight home! Understood?
Akari: Okay~!
Misaki: Akari's really full of energy, huh...? Look how far she's run already.
Hagumi: Thanks for coming to practice today, everyone! I had so much fun! How about you all?
Kokoro: It was great! I had a fun-tastic time! It felt like practice was over before I knew it!
Kaoru: It certainly is a strange phenomenon, isn't it? How times of mirth and merriment always seem to end in an instant.
Kanon: Yeah. Time really flies when you're having fun giving it your all, huh?
Misaki: Well, there's still a lot of things I'm worried about. If only we could have practiced a little more...
Kokoro: Good idea! I'm still in the mood for some softball, too!
Hagumi: Oh, oh, me too! Hearing how much fun everyone had has gotten me all fired up again!
Misaki: What? Wait, hold on, I was just talking hypothetically, you know? Plus, the baseball field's closed now, anyway.
Kokoro: Is that so? Then I know a great place! Let's practice there!
Misaki: Huh? Is there another place to play softball around here?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Batting Cages]

Misaki: Batting cages... I never thought the day would come that I'd end up having to come here again...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Hah! .... Hah!
Misaki: You know, Kaoru-san, I feel like you're actually just good at this.
Kaoru: Tell me, Misaki. Which swing did you feel was most fleeting?
Misaki: Uh... Sorry. They both looked the same to me...
Kaoru: I envisioned different scenery in my head as I took each swing. During the first swing, I saw a vivid, crimson sunset. During the second, the twinkling, starry night sky.
Misaki: I don't really think that's something I can tell just from looking at you... Besides, I don't even know what a fleeting swing is supposed to look like in the first place...
Kaoru: Hm. A fleeting swing is basically, a swing that makes both the batter and the onlooker... fleeting.
Misaki: So you're not sure either, I take it.
Kaoru: How are you faring, Misaki? If yours truly should suffice, I will lend you what strength I can.
Misaki: Hmm, I guess I'm still having trouble with batting.
Kaoru: Oh, my. From what I recall Hagumi telling me, you managed a magnificent hit the last time you were here, though.
Misaki: Ah, that did happen, huh? But that was just a fluke. I've still got no real experience, and it's not turning out to be that easy.
Kaoru: Be that as it may, you still managed to hit the ball, fluke or not. I'm sure that's proof enough that talent resides within you.
Kaoru: How about it? Would you grace me with the honor of witnessing one of your swings?
Misaki: Sure, I guess... But seriously though, I've got no idea what I'm doing.
Kaoru: Even so, I believe that there might be fleetingness that can be observed from my outside perspective. Now then, ready your bat.
Misaki: ... Like this?
Kaoru: Yes, good. Could you keep that stance and take a few swings for me?
Misaki: Sure. ... Hah, yah!
Kaoru: ... Ah!!
Misaki: Hm? What? What's wrong?!
Kaoru: Forgive me... The sight of you, throwing all the strength you can muster into those swings... The fleetingness of it struck me dizzy.
Misaki: ... Huh. I see...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Kanon! I'm gonna throw the ball now! Yah!
Kanon: Wah, wah... Huh?! Where'd it go?!
Hagumi: Ahh! That was really close, Kano-chan-senpai! That was a hard one to catch, wasn't it?
Kanon: Y-yeah... Kokoro-chan's throws are incredible. I couldn't even keep my eyes on the ball.
Kokoro: I've figured it out! I knew it, Mister Ball really likes curving more than going straight!
Hagumi: That must be it! I bet this is what they call a magic ball!
Kokoro: Magic ball...? Mister Ball, is your real name Magic Ball?
Kanon: I don't think that's quite what she meant...
Kokoro: Hmm... Looks like you're right. Its name can't be Magic Ball since it's not answering.
Kokoro: Hey Mister Ball, why won't you talk to me?
Kanon: Um... Kokoro-chan, do you want to talk with the ball?
Kokoro: Yeah! I want to talk with it and make friends! I bet that if I can make friends with Mister Ball, then softball will be even more fun!
Kokoro: I mean, Mister Ball is amazing when it curves. But I bet that it'd be just as fantastic if it didn't curve!
Hagumi: You're right! And it could tell you where it's going to land and stuff, too!
Kanon: Fufu, that'd help me out a lot too, if it could...
Kokoro: Then you should try talking to Mister Ball too!
Kanon: What?! M-me?!
Hagumi: Nice, Kokoron! A catcher that could talk to the ball would be the best catcher in the world!
Kokoro: C'mon, Kanon! Try starting with a greeting! Ready, go!
Kanon: G-good evening...?
Kokoro & Hagumi: ...
Kokoro: Do you think Mister Ball's all tuckered out and asleep?
Hagumi: Ah, maybe. We did practice with it all day today.
Kokoro: Then what it needs is a nice lullaby instead! Kanon, could you sing it something?
Kanon: Fueee... Misaki-chan, what am I supposed to do~...?
