event110-07 Ending: Akari's Follow-Through

Akari feels defeated, but Hagumi tells her she'll hit the ball for sure. How does she know, though...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Bottom of the Seventh]

Akari: ... No, I can't.
Hagumi & Kokoro & Kanon & Misaki: ...?!
Akari: There's no way I can do it.
Hagumi: That's not true! What's wrong, Akari?!
Akari: I don't know how anymore. Even though I practiced so hard, and everyone complimented me so much... I thought I totally could do it this game.
Akari: But that pitcher's gotten better too. And so I started worrying, and I stopped being able to swing as well.
Kanon: Akari-chan...
Hagumi: I see... So you lost your "I can do it!" attitude, huh?
Akari: My 'I can do it!' attitude...?
Hagumi: That's right. But you just need to be brave and find that attitude again!
Akari: B-but... How...?
Hagumi: You've gotta believe in yourself! And keep cheering yourself on. Tell yourself, "Go, me!"
Akari: ... I can't do that... How can I, when I haven't even gotten a single hit...?
Hagumi: It's not that you can't get a hit! It's that you just can't get a hit right now!
Hagumi: But the Akari that I know definitely can! I'm sure of it!
Akari: Does that mean... I'm not useless...?
Hagumi: Yeah! Plus, you practiced your swing so much! So there's no way you haven't gotten better!
Hagumi: I mean, everyone in Hello, Happy World! got better too, right? That's because we all practiced a bunch!
Akari: ... You really think I can get a hit?
Hagumi: Of course I do! Akari, from the moment you started practicing, you already had all the courage you needed. You've put in the effort! All you need to do now is give it everything you've got!
Kokoro: She's right! It takes a lot of courage to be able to tell yourself, "I'm gonna get a hit this time!" As long as you've got that courage, there's nothing you can't do!
Akari: Courage... Yeah. Everyone's given me... courage.
Kanon: All of us believe that you can do it, Akari-chan. But if you want to believe in yourself, you're the one who's going to have to make that happen.
Misaki: Yeah. It's fun to give it everything you've got, and I'm sure you'll look really cool doing it. I mean, look over at Kaoru-san, she's put her hand on her chest and... Actually, I have no idea what she's doing.
Akari: Everyone... You're right. You were all so cool! I wanna get a hit! No, I'll definitely get a hit!
Akari: And then I'll be super cool, too!
Hagumi: Yeah! That's the spirit, Akari!
Akari: Thanks! Everyone, I'm going up to bat, okay?!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Akari! We're all cheering for you!
Misaki: Take a deep breath and relax!
Kanon: You can do it!
Misaki: ... Now all that's left is to wait and see, huh.
Hagumi: Yeah... But I'm sure Akari can do it now! I am her captain. I know!
Hagumi: Akari! Go! Give it everything you've got!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the Match]

Misaki: Man... We gave it our best shot... But we still lost.
Kanon: Yeah... But I think it was a good game. We only lost three to four! It was really close.
Kokoro: Right! I had so much fun! Plus, I was able to make friends with Mister Ball!
Kaoru: Without a doubt, it was a game positively overflowing with fleetingness. What say we add softball to the list of our band's activities?
Kokoro: That's a great idea! If we need batting cages, we can always use mine!
Kanon: Ahaha... Our list of activities just keeps getting longer and longer.
Hagumi: Hey, everyone! Sorry for the wait!
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi. Hey, Akari. What did the other team say?
Hagumi: They said they had a lot of fun! And that they'd like to play us again sometime! ... Everyone, you really did great today!
Hagumi: We may have lost, but I had tons of fun! It must've been because I got to see all the cool things you guys were doing!
Hagumi: Being able to play my favorite sport with my favorite people... I'm so happy right now! Thanks, everyone!
Kokoro: We should be thanking you! Thanks for teaching us about how fun softball can be, Hagumi!
Kanon: Yeah, thanks! I was really worried at first, but I'm glad that I did my best in the end.
Misaki: Seriously, everyone really improved so much. Kaoru-san's bunt was a bit of a surprise, though.
Kaoru: Fufu, surprising the audience is an actress's true goal, you know.
Akari: ... U-um, Hagumi-chan, everyone... I want to say thanks, too. You all helped me out, again.
Hagumi: No, we didn't help you, Akari! You did your best out there! And you got a hit! That's all!
Hagumi: You were super cool out there, Akari!
Akari: ... Yeah!
Hagumi: Oh, that's right! We've gotta have an after-party! I totally forgot!
Kanon: An after-party...?
Hagumi: Yeah! We always go out to a restaurant to eat and chat after our games!
Kokoro: Ooh, I like that! I was just starting to feel a little hungry! Oh, and I'd like to play a show, too! I thought of a great melody!
Hagumi: That's Kokoron for you! Let's make a new song, then!
Kaoru: What a charmingly irresistible proposition. There's no doubt in my mind this tune shall be absolutely bursting at the seams with fleetingness.
Akari: Ooh, ooh! I wanna see everyone play!
Kanon: Wait... What?! We're playing a show?! Today...?
Misaki: Sigh... Well, setting aside the show and the song for now, I agree to the food idea. I'm pretty hungry, too.
Hagumi: Okay! Then it's settled! Everyone, let's head to the restaurant! Let's go~!
