event01-02 Chapter 1: What is a Sakura Party?

An unexpected gathering of Hanasakigawa's freshmen. Kasumi's plan blossoms...!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Arisa: C'mon, Kasumi... Let's go home already.  If we keep hanging around with these weirdos, people will think we're one of them...
Kasumi: Really~? Do we have to go~?!  We never meet up like this...
Kasumi: ...Oh! I know!
Arisa: (W-wait a sec. The way she said that... I've got a super bad feeling about this...)
Kasumi: Hey, everyone! We don't usually bump into each other like this, so why don't we have a sakura party together!
Arisa: (I knew it~!)
Kasumi: Is everyone available next Sunday?
Hagumi: Ooh, nice idea, Kaa-kun! I'm free that day! You are too, right Kokoron?
Kokoro: Me and Misaki will come!
Misaki: Do I get a say in this...? Oh well, I don't actually mind.
Eve: I'd love to have a sakura party with everyone! I always wanted to do it before I even came to Japan!
Kasumi: What about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Of course! We don't get many chances to do things like this!
Saya: Exactly. You'll come too, right O-Tae?
Tae: I'll bring bamboo shoots mixed with rice. I can't wait~.
Kasumi: Okay, so everyone's in... Cool! Okay, we'd better decide the time and stuff like that.
Kokoro: Let's decide the teams first. If we know our teams, we can plan our strategy in advance!
Misaki: Kokoro... We don't need to make teams for a sakura party.
Kokoro: Okay, so it's a solo event! Got it! I'm gonna aim for first place!
Misaki: How many times do I have to tell you?! There aren't any winners or losers in a sakura party!
Rimi: Sakura parties are about sitting under the cherry trees and looking at the blossoms while eating and chatting, you know?
Kokoro: That's all? I can't really imagine it being like that. What about you, Misaki?
Misaki: That's the only way I can imagine it.
Arisa: (Gimme a break... A sakura party with all these weirdos... I can't do it... I don't even wanna do it!)
Arisa: U-um, Kasumi. I didn't give you an answer before... about if I'll come or not.
Kasumi: Huh? You can't make it to the sakura party?
Arisa: L-look, just come over here for a sec.
Arisa: Are you seriously saying you wanna have a sakura party with this lot?
Kasumi: Of course! It's gonna be so much fun!
Arisa: You've gotta be kidding me. These guys are a few clowns short of a circus! One of them wants to cut petals in two, and another thinks this is going to be some of sakura snowball battle...
Arisa: I really don't think I'll be able to get along with these weirdos...
Kasumi: That's why we're gonna have a party! Trust me, after a bit of chatting and looking at the blossoms, you'll be friends before you know it!
Arisa: Argh, what a pain in the neck. The party is gonna be on Sunday, right? Sooo u-uh, about that. Sunday, hmm.
Kasumi: Do you have plans or something on Sunday?
Arisa: Well, I wouldn't call it plans, just... you know?
Kokoro: Ooh! I just had a great idea!
Hagumi: Wh-what is it, Kokoron?! If you say you had a good idea, then it has to be something amazing!
Hagumi: Hey~! Everyone, listen to Kokoron! ... Okay, go ahead!
Kokoro: There are sakura trees in my garden! If you like, we can have the party at my house! Everyone's welcome to come!
Hagumi: W-wow, Kokoron... That's an amazing idea~!
Misaki: Exaggerate much? All she did was invite some people over.
Saya: Sitting on the veranda and looking at the sakura tree in the garden... I like the sound of that♪
Hagumi: Non non non, Saya. That's just totally non non non.
Saya: ... Non non non? Wh-what does that even mean?
Hagumi: Kokoron's garden is so amazing you'll fall over when you see it! I wouldn't be surprised if it has tons of sakura trees!
Rimi: Tons of sakura trees... What kind of garden is it?
Hagumi: You'll just have to wait and see!
Kasumi: Wow~, I can't wait! Okay, so the sakura party is gonna be at Kokoron's place then!
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: ... Oh. What about you, Arisa? We're all going to go to Kokoron's place... I wanna have a sakura party, and I'm super curious about Kokoron's house.
Kasumi: I wonder what's so special about it. Don't you wanna see it too, Arisa?
Kasumi: Ahh, but you're busy on Sunday, aren't you...?
Arisa: ... Nah, I'm free. Turns out I had the wrong day, so I'll... uh, go too.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~! That means everyone's going!
Arisa: (O-of course I wanna see her place! Tons of sakura trees? What kind of house has tons of any tree?!)
Arisa: (A-and besides, if everyone is going that means... I'm the only one who isn't.)
Kasumi: Ahaha! I'm already so excited about it!
Kokoro: I am too! I can't wait for Sunday!
