event01-05 Chapter 4: Are They Onto Me?!

Everyone says a little bit about themselves while Arisa's bemusement continues. Can she hold it together...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Kasumi: So I think everyone knows that we all play in bands, but we don't really know anything else about each other, do we?
Kasumi: What do you guys get up to?!
Kasumi: For me these days the thing I'm devoted to is the band!
Kokoro: That's great! You're devoted to something, I like it! I think we're going to become good friends! I have something I'm devoted too as well!
Kasumi: You're pretty famous at school, huh? Everyone says you're like a ball of curiosity that wears a uniform and does backflips!
Kokoro: Oh, really? I didn't know that.
Rimi: I always thought you were full of curiosity and like to challenge new things, but... what is it that you're devoted to now?
Kokoro: That's true, I do a lot of different things, but... that's all to put smiles on people's faces! I guess you could say I'm devoted to smiles!
Kokoro: Our band makes music, sings songs and performs to make everyone all over the world smile!
Kasumi: Ooh~, I see! That's just like us!
Arisa: (Making music, singing songs and performing... That's exactly the same as us! It's what a band does, isn't it?!  Why is Kasumi being like that?!)
Hagumi: Besides the band, I play softball! I had a match just yesterday!
Kokoro: Oh, that reminds me, Hagumi! There's something I wanted to tell you!
Hagumi: Huh?! What is it?!
Kokoro: Remember you were complaining about how they are no batting cages for softball?
Hagumi: Yeah! There's lots of batting cages for baseball everywhere, but it's really hard to find ones that are just for softball.
Kokoro: Well, I told that to the people in the suits and they built one! It's in the back of the garden. Let's try it out later!
Arisa: (What?! They built a batting cage, just like that?! This is ridiculous!)
Hagumi: Thanks, Kokoron~! I'm so glad I talked to you about it! Just goes to show that friends are the best thing in the world!
Arisa: (Why doesn't anyone saying anything?! C'mon, Saya...!)
Saya: A-ahaha... Everything in this house is on a different level, huh...?
Arisa: (She's just given up and now she's weirded out...!)
Kasumi: Okay, you're next... Saya!
Saya: M-me?!
Kokoro: Thanks for the smiley buns! Did you make them yourself?
Arisa: (Stop calling them that...)
Saya: Well, about the smiley buns...
Arisa: (Saya! If you go and call them smiley buns then it's gonna be official! Do you really want that?!)
Saya: I baked them myself, actually...
Saya: I always help out at the shop, but I never actually bake anything... But since we're having a party today, I decided to give it a try.
Kasumi: It's like you're always at the bakery, huh?
Kokoro: Oh, I see. What exactly do you do when you help out?
Saya: Hmm, I serve customers, open and close the bakery... I do other stuff like cleaning the ovens, too.
Misaki: Just hearing that list makes me want to take a break. That's impressive, Yamabuki-san. I could never do all that.
Saya: Ahaha, thanks. It sounds kinda tough, but a lot of it is pretty easy once you get used to it.
Kokoro: No, it's amazing that you help out every day! If you need some extra help I can send out some people in suits!
Saya: Huh? You don't have to do that! I actually really enjoy helping out at the shop, anyway.
Kokoro: Really? Well, if you ever need help let me know!
Saya: ... S-sure. Thanks.
Kasumi: Okay, let's hear about Rimi-rin next!
Rimi: ... Uh, I-I... used to live in Kansai until recently... I only just came here...
Kokoro: You lived in Kansai?! So, that means you moved here?! That's amazing! I've always wanted to move house! I'm envious!
Arisa: (I'm pretty sure this mansion is way more envy-inspiring!)
Misaki: ...
Arisa: (...?! Sh-she's looking at me again! C'mon me... Control your urges...!
Tae: My hobby besides the band is...
Arisa: (O-Tae?! When did you get back!)
Tae: ...
Tae: ... The guitar.
Arisa: (What's with that dramatic pause?! And then she just says the guitar? That's part of a band!)
Arisa: (Ahh, but then again she can play it on her own, so... Ugh, why am I even thinking deeply about something O-Tae says?!)
Misaki: ... My situation is rather complicated, so I think I'll steer away from the band topic. Everything else about me is extremely normal.
Kasumi: Okay, all we have left is... Eve-chan and Arisa! Could you go first, Eve-chan?
Eve: Um, I came to Japan just recently... I've always wanted to have a sakura party like this!
Arisa: (Parties on a scale like this don't happen every day...)
Misaki: This sakura party is quite unique, mind you. It's probably not a good idea to think this is the standard in Japan.
Misaki: ... Don't you agree, Ichigaya-san?
Arisa: Huh?! A-ahaha~. I suppose it's not often that we get to enjoy a sakura party in such a nice big garden~! I-it's so lovely here~!
Arisa: (Argh... Okusawa-san is totally on to me and my need to say something...!)
Eve: Oh, and bushido! I think bushido is really special!
Kokoro: Bushido? That reminds me, we have this sword called something or other, that was used by some person!
Arisa: (Wow, so much information!)
Eve: Wh-what was the sword called, and who was it used by?
Kokoro: Hmm, what was it? Anyway, it's a sword with a complicated name and it was owned by a person with a name that's complicated!
Eve: If it's okay, would I be able to see that sword?
Kokoro: I don't think it would be very fun to look at a sword with such a complicated name! Why don't we have a sword fight or something instead?
Arisa: (Wh-what... is going on with this conversation...? It barely makes sense... Man, it's not every day you get a conversation with so many holes in it.)
Kasumi: Okay, the only person left is... Arisa! Lucky last!
Arisa: U-umm, I... uh...
