event01-06 Chapter 5: Japanese Beauty Personified

Kasumi notices that Arisa is not being her usual self, as she becomes the new topic of conversation...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Kasumi: You've been kinda quiet today, Arisa.
Kasumi: Are you okay? You're not unwell, are you?
Arisa: ... I-I'm fine.
Saya: You do look kinda pale... not to mention tired.
Arisa: I-I'm okay, really.
Arisa: (Guys, I'm dying over here! Don't you have any idea how long I've been shooting down this ridiculous conversation inside my head?!)
Kasumi: Really? That's a relief! Okay, it's your turn to say something! Arisa is so interesting everyone~! This is gonna be great!
Arisa: (K-Kasumi, you moron! You're the worst M.C. ever! Why up the bar for me like this?!)
Arisa: (... Oh well, guess I'll just go with harmless and simple. If I say something boring, the conversation should naturally move on, anyway...)
Arisa: Uh... besides playing in the band, I like to do... bonsai. That's all.
Eve: Really?! You're into bonsai?! That's amazing! I've always been interested in trying it!
Arisa: (Y-you're not supposed to take the bait!)
Eve: You're so lovely, Arisa-san! I think bonsai is a wonderful hobby!
Eve: You're refined, cheerful, but not outspoken... You're the definition of Japanese beauty!
Kokoro: Speaking of bonsai, we used to have a tree here! I think someone told me it was a 400-year-old pine or something!
Eve: I-it's 400 years old?! I would love to see it!
Kokoro: Hmm, I wonder where it went...?
Eve: 400 years ago is the beginning of the Edo period! Which means that bonsai tree lived with the samurai! This is so amazing~!
Arisa: (... Phew. I'm glad I'm no longer the topic of conversation... I can't deny I'm curious about this 400-year-old pine though...)
Kokoro: I remember now! I felt sorry for it being stuck in such a tiny pot, so I replanted it somewhere over there!
Arisa: Wha.. ?! If you do that, it'll...
Arisa: (Oh man, I almost let loose... Argh... I don't think I can take this anymore...!)
Misaki: ... Fufufufu.
Arisa: ?!
Kasumi: Wh-what's up, Misaki-chan? Did something funny happen?
Misaki: ... Oh, it's nothing. I was just thinking that Ichigaya-san is just so... reserved.
Kasumi: No way! She's usually a lot more interesting than this! She's actually really sarcastic too! Isn't that right, Arisa?
Arisa: Oh, Kasumi~! I-I'd never dream of being sarcastic~!
Arisa: (I'm gonna get you for this, Kasumi~!)
Kasumi: Ooh! Arisa's house is really cool, too! I mean it's not as amazing as Kokoron's place, but it has a basement! A basement, guys!
Kokoro: Really? That's amazing! My house doesn't have a basement! I'm so curious! I wanna see it!
Arisa: O-oh no, it's nothing special... My family has been running a simple pawnshop business for some time...
Eve: Your family runs a pawnshop...?! That means you have lots of antiques and that kind of thing, doesn't it?! I would love to see them!
Hagumi: That basement is where you guys practice, isn't it? I wanna go there sometime!
Arisa: Uh, yeah... I mean, it's spacious and it keeps the sound in, so...
Eve: Arisa-san, tell us more about yourself!
Arisa: A-about me...?
Kasumi: Arisa actually has super good grades at school too!
Arisa: ... D-don't say that in front of everyone. I-it's embarrassing...
Kasumi: The fact that I'm playing in a band now is all thanks to Arisa, too! If she hadn't given me my guitar, this wouldn't be happening!
Hagumi: Wow, really?! That's so nice~!
Arisa: Th-that's because you came into my house without permission and introduced yourself to my grandma...
Kasumi: The whole reason I ended up at Arisa's house in the first place was because there were these star stickers on the street...
Rimi: Kasumi-chan is doing her best to tell everyone about why she likes Arisa-chan, huh?
Saya: Ahaha, she sure is. But I guess it wouldn't be fair for us to keep Arisa all to ourselves, right?
Rimi: Yeah, you're right.
Kasumi: ... That's what happened, right?!
Kokoro: That's wonderful! Your band was brought together through Arisa's star stickers!
Kokoro: It's destiny! If our band is guided by people's smiles, then your band is guided by star stickers!
Arisa: (... What's with that ridiculous way she summed it up?! Who even puts stickers and smiles in the same group?!)
Kokoro: Hagumi! We should do the same! Let's build a basement! I think we should be practicing in a basement too!
Hagumi: Yep! I was just gonna say the same thing!
Arisa: (What?! That's the conclusion you came to?! How does that even happen?!)
Misaki: I can't help but wonder... How does that conversation end up with that conclusion?
Arisa: Huh?! Wh-why are you asking me?
Misaki: Oh, c'mon, you were totally thinking the same thing just now, right?
Arisa: ... Me? N-never...
Arisa: (... I hate this sakura party...)
Kasumi: Okay, now that we've all gotten to know each other, let's party!
Kokoro & Hagumi: Yeah~!
Rimi & Saya: Yeah~!
Tae & Eve: Yeah~!
Arisa & Misaki: ...
