event01-07 Ending: Farewell, Japanese Beauty

The sakura party is coming to a close. Will Arisa be able to contain herself right to the end...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Kasumi: The sakura party was so much fun, wasn't it?
Kasumi: It was actually my first time to have this kind of party. I had no idea it'd be so much fun!
Hagumi: I'm so full~! I can't eat another bite~.
Kokoro: I wanna keep going! We're only just getting started!
Saya: I'm sorry, Kokoro. We'd love to stay too, but we've got school tomorrow so we need to get going.
Kokoro: Then let's continue the sakura party at school tomorrow!
Hagumi: Sounds good!
Arisa: (... I don't even have the energy to comment anymore.)
Eve: Today was truly so much fun! Thank you for inviting me!
Eve: I'm so happy that I could finally have a sakura party! Sitting under these trees felt so mysteriously comfortable. It was so easy to chat so much with everyone today!
Hagumi: Right~? It was awesome talking to everyone! Let's have another sakura party next month with the same Hanasakigawa group!
Arisa: (Next month...?)
Misaki: Umm~... Won't the flowers be gone by next month?
Arisa: ... Th-that's true. Ohohoho.
Kasumi: But you know, I'm really happy to have so many friends at the same school that are into music, even if we're in different bands!
Saya: I hope we can have a fun, friendly rivalry.
Tae: ... The bamboo shoots with rice was so good♪
Arisa: (Right now, really?! That's what you choose to say when everyone is wrapping up?!)
Rimi: ... I know everyone wants to stay, but... shall we get going?
Kokoro: If you want to stay, then we should just keep going! Sakura party, round two!
Arisa: (... In the end, the only thing running through your head is fighting, isn't it?)
Kasumi: Okay! Why don't we do this instead?!
Arisa: (Here we go! That tone she uses when she has an idea! I've got another super bad feeling about this!)
Kasumi: Why don't we have another party somewhere else?
Hagumi: Nice idea! But where though? Where should we do it?!
Kasumi: How about... the embankment near Hanasakigawa? The sakura are pretty there.
Rimi: Oh! What about the CiRCLE cafe?
Saya: We might be a nuisance if we're too noisy there.
Rimi: O-oh, right...
Hagumi: Actually, didn't you say just before that A-chan's basement keeps the sound in?!
Arisa: Gah...!
Kokoro: Good memory! I want to see the basement too, so it's two birds with one stone!
Kasumi: I like it! Let's go with Arisa's place!
Arisa: ...
Eve: I want to see all the antiques♪ Perhaps there's even a famous samurai's suit of armor...
Kasumi: Oh, why don't we go on a treasure hunt at Arisa's place then?! It'll be so much fun!
Kokoro: What a wonderful idea! You're so smart, Kasumi!
Arisa: ...
Hagumi: I'm not gonna miss this! So when should we do it?
Arisa: You guys...
Arisa: Why the hell aren't you asking me first?! A treasure hunt in my basement, really?! You're not just gonna be noisy, but you wanna mess my place up too?! And what happened to the sakura?! You can't even see them from the basement!
Arisa: Somebody say something about this stupid idea! It doesn't even make sense! Argh!
Eve & Misaki: ...
Kasumi & Tae: ...
Rimi & Saya: ...
Kokoro & Hagumi: ...
Eve: ...A-Arisa... san...?
Arisa: ... Oops.
Kasumi: You're good old Arisa again!
Arisa: ... Umm, I'd prefer it if... we didn't go to... my place... Ohohoho...
Misaki: ... Ichigaya-san. Just give in to the dark side.
Arisa: Argh, screw this! There's no point hiding it anymore! I'm gonna let loose! I've been holding this in all day!
Arisa: First of all, Kasumi! That sakura cheer! Why the hell did you jump on board like that?! You're not a lemming!
Arisa: And then there's the people in the black suits. I'm surprised you just accepted the whole thing in the blink of an eye! You didn't think it was even just a little bit strange?! You have no idea how hard I worked to stay quiet!
Arisa: And I'm just getting started...!
Eve: Wh-what's happening? I think Arisa-san has been possessed by a demon!
Rimi: ... No, this is just the real Arisa-chan.
Eve: Oh... so everything else up until now was just a disguise!
Eve: I guess that means the sakura were so great that even Arisa-san had to show her true self!
Arisa: Argh, now you're pushing it! I can't take this any more~!
