14_Saya Yamabuki_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

Kasumi: Hmhmhmm~♪
Saya: Kasumi, you seem to be enjoying yourself.
Kasumi: Costume making is fun! It really puts me in a good mood♪
Saya: This is also my first time making stage outfits.
Saya: I do have experience with fixing loose threads and stitching buttons, though.
Kasumi: Wow! If you can do that, then this should be a breeze. Just, bam, bam! Right?
Saya: Uhh, I don't know if it's that easy...
Kasumi: Are you sure? You can do it if you try! ... And, done!
Kasumi: Tada! What do you think? Did I do it right?
Saya: Hmm, let's see...
Saya: ... The lace is a little bunched up around the chest area, isn't it?
Kasumi: ... So it's no good, then?
Saya: Yeah, something like this kinda stands out.
Kasumi: Hmm... Yeah... This is hard.
Saya: Don't worry, it's okay. This just needs a small fix, and it'll be all better.
Saya: Let's start with the part that's most noticeable.
Kasumi: Saya, teach me~!
Saya: Okay, so... When you're sewing, you want to get a firm hold of the cloth, and pull it this way.
Kasumi: Like this?
Saya: Not like that. In the opposite direction.
Kasumi: This way?
Saya: No, no, the other way. Let me show you first.
Kasumi: Hehe. Yes, please.
Saya: Make sure you're watching~.
Saya: You push down on this side, and then you sew like this...
Saya: Look. Good, right?
Kasumi: Whoa! That's amazing, Saya!
Saya: It's nothing really. As for this pleat part... Just like that! How's this?
Kasumi: Wow! It's even cuter than before!
Saya: I did a little rearranging.
Kasumi: It looks really good!
Saya: Haha, I'm glad♪
Kasumi: Saya, you sure know how to sew.
Kasumi: You put the needle through and whoosh! You're done before anyone even notices...
Kasumi: Kinda like a magician!
Saya: You're exaggerating.
Kasumi: It's true, though~!
Saya: Thank you♪
Saya: Okay, we have to finish the rest. Think you can do it now?
Kasumi: Ah! Uhm... I was just so fascinated that I forgot I was supposed to be learning...
Saya: Kasumi~!
Kasumi: S-sorry, sorry!
Saya: You have to pay attention.
Saya: I'll do it once more slowly, so make sure you're actually watching this time.
Kasumi: Got it!
Kasumi: ... You know how to sew, and you help around the house...
Kasumi: Saya, you'd be a great wife!
Saya: Wife? That's a pretty far jump from magician.
Kasumi: May you live happily ever after! Saya...!
Saya: Kasumi, it's too soon!


<Filming Drum Practice>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: {{userName}}-san! Hello. What's up?
Saya: Huh? You recorded a video of our practice session for us today? Wow. Thank you so much...!
Saya: I think this is the first time we've ever been recorded. It'll be great to look at our practice objectively. Thanks!
Saya: We never do this, so I think I'll show my brother and sister later... Oh, and my mom too.
Saya: Thank you so much for doing this. Do you mind if I take a look at it now?
Saya: ... Wow, this video makes me look so cool...! I kinda like it...
Saya: Huh? It's not just because of the video?
Saya: Ahaha, you're the only one who says anything nice like that, {{userName}}-san.
Saya: I'm really happy we have footage of the five of us playing.
Saya: I used to play the drums when I was in junior high school, but some things happened and I had this phase where I stopped playing...
Saya: It's so much fun being able to play in a band with Kasumi and the other girls.
Saya: I'll take good care of the video you recorded for us.
Saya: If you don't mind, can we ask you to record us again sometime, {{userName}}-san?
Saya: ... Anytime? Really? I'm so happy to hear that!
Saya: I tell the girls that you recorded a video for us. I'm sure they'll all be really happy.
Saya: I think we're really lucky to have you looking after us, {{userName}}-san.
Saya: Oh, I know! I'll bring you something from my bakery as thanks! Maybe some buns?
Saya: I don't wanna brag or anything, but Yamabuki Bakery's buns are pretty good, you know?
Saya: There's no need to feel bad. You're always helping us out, after all!
Saya: We'll play a big concert someday, and make you proud! It'll be something to look forward to, trust me!
