15_Saya Yamabuki_R3 Important Moment

Gacha phrase: We should all cherish these moments.

<Saya & The Night Owls>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

Rimi: Haa...
Kasumi: H-haa~
Saya: Ah! You caught her yawn.
Kasumi: Ah! I did!
Rimi: Hehe, they say yawns are contagious when you have a good relationship.
Saya: Oh, really? Did you two get enough sleep?
Kasumi: Maybe not~. I was practicing my guitar.
Kasumi: There's one part I can't seem to get.
Saya: You sure are putting a lot of effort into practicing.
Saya: What about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Uhh... I was up late reading a book...
Saya: What book?
Rimi: It's a horror novel that just came out.
Rimi: It's really interesting! I just couldn't stop reading. I had to know what happened next!
Saya: Aha. I know the feeling.
Saya: But you guys should get sleep or else your skin will start to dry.
Kasumi: No! Not my skin!
Rimi: W-we can't let that happen! Let's try to sleep early.
Saya: You two must be evening people.
Saya: That time we stayed at Arisa's house, you guys were also full of energy during the night.
Kasumi: I sleep! But when I'm having a good time, I can stay awake!
Rimi: That day was so fun, I couldn't fall asleep.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! I become full of energy!
Kasumi: I couldn't even sleep the day before!
Saya: Kind of like how my little brother gets the day before a trip.
Kasumi: So excited he can't sleep, right?!
Kasumi: Hey, weren't you awake with us too, Saya?!
Rimi: You did stay up to talk with us.
Saya: Haha, was I up late?
Saya: Well, normally that's not the case.
Kasumi: Really?
Saya: Yeah, because I have to help out with the store.
Rimi: Oh, yeah. Bread shops open pretty early...
Saya: Exactly. So, I go right to sleep at night.
Saya: But it was a long time since I was able to do something like that... Maybe I got a little too crazy.
Kasumi: That's fine. You should go even more crazy~!
Saya: Kasumi, you're usually a bit over the top.
Kasumi: What~?!
Rimi: Hehe. But Kasumi-chan is right.
Rimi: Normally, you're very calm and put together...
Rimi: So if you have a little fun once in a while, it should be okay, right?
Saya: I guess you're right... Hehe.
Kasumi: What happened?
Saya: I was just thinking... I'm happy to have joined a band with friends who can really go nuts and enjoy themselves.
Kasumi: ...
Rimi: ...
Saya: ... What? Say something.
Kasumi: ... Well... It's just...
Rimi: ... This is a bit... awkward… maybe.
Saya: What?! Hey, stop it!
Saya: You're making me feel embarrassed!


<Bandmate Bonds>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: Welcome~... Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Saya: Thanks for always coming by. What can I get you today?
Saya: What do I recommend? Let's see...
Saya: How about the sausage rolls? We just baked them.
Saya: Oh, you've made up your mind? Okay, that's 340 yen for two.
Saya: Here's 60 yen in change.
Saya: ... Hm? What's that? You spoke to Natsuki and Fumika?
Saya: I see~. They're both really funny, right?
Saya: Have you ever seen one of CHisPA's shows?
Saya: Oh, that's too bad. They're really cool on stage, and they have a lot of presence~!
Saya: Natsuki and Fumika have always been really talented, but they're getting even better these days.
Saya: They must be putting in some serious practice time, huh? I can't let them get too far ahead~!
Saya: That's right, their new drummer is really skilled too.
Saya: The band has a bit of a different image compared to when I was a member. They're so cool now!
Saya: You should check them out. I guarantee you'll become a fan!
Saya: ... Ah, sorry, I'm getting carried away, huh? Ahaha.
Saya: But seriously, that's just how awesome they are.
Saya: Ah, but Poppin' Party is working just as hard, you know?
Saya: We practice every day... and we've improved so much since we first began.
Saya: We even had a band camp to prepare for our show.
Saya: The camp was so much fun~.
Saya: All the girls went and stayed the night at Arisa's house.
Saya: We stayed up late throwing pillows at each other, and chatted about everything... I guess this kinda thing is called girl's talk? Fufu.
Saya: A pajama party? ... Nah, it was more like a school trip.
Saya: Huh? What's with that look?
Saya: You're thinking that we just played about the whole time, aren't you? Don't worry, we didn't forget to practice.
Saya: We had a big session in Arisa's basement.
Saya: Even Kasumi was really focused when we practiced.
Saya: Rimi-rin put even more into it than she usually does. I was impressed.
Saya: But O-Tae was the toughest! She goes over a part or a song again and again until she's satisfied.
Saya: In the end Arisa ran out of energy.
Saya: I'll literally drop dead if I play any more! I think were her exact words. Ahaha!
Saya: It was pretty intense. I was completely worn out by the end of it.
Saya: I have to admit it was pretty fun though.
Saya: Everyone practiced so hard, but we fooled around sometimes too...
Saya: I'm really happy that I'm in a band with a group of girls who can do that kinda thing.
Saya: It just feels so "high school", you know?
Saya: Natsuki and the others seem to have a good thing going with CHisPA too. I'm really relieved.
Saya: Relieved... might be a strange way to put it...
Saya: But they're just such a good band. Of course things would go well, right?
Saya: Creating a stronger bond with the band through our music. I think this is lovely.
Saya: Actually, not just the band. I hope we can make good friendships with other people too.
Saya: ... Like you.
Saya: Yeah. It'd make me really happy to become better friends with you in the future. I hope you'll be around.
Saya: ... I've held you up for far too long, haven't I?
Saya: I just can't stop once I get started talking about the band. Sorry!
Saya: You enjoyed it? Really? I can talk about this kind of thing any time, if you like.
Saya: As long as you buy some bread while you're here... Just kidding!
Saya: Thanks again for coming by♪
Saya: See ya.
