117_Saya Yamabuki_R3 Buns For Luck

Gacha phrase: Rimi-rin really likes Yuri-senpai, doesn't she?

<Good To Work Together>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Saya: Okay, so I've got the flour. Is this everything?
Saya: Ah...
Saya: I'm getting kinda hungry. Maybe I can make a quick stop.
Saya: I'm sure mom will understand.
Saya: ... Huh? Those two sitting there. Is that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: And that's when Kasumi...
Rimi: Ahaha... That must have been hard on you.
Saya: Hey guys, how's it going?
Arisa: Oh, Saya. Hey.
Rimi: Good afternoon, Saya-chan.
Saya: It's kinda rare to see just you guys hanging out, isn't it?
Arisa: We just happened to run into each other a little earlier.
Rimi: And we've just been sitting here talking.
Saya: I see. Mind if I join you?
Rimi: Of course not. You can sit here.
Saya: Okay, thanks.
Rimi: Oh, that reminds me. Saya-chan.
Saya: Hm? What's up?
Rimi: Thanks again for all of your help with the birthday concert. I couldn't have done it without you!
Rimi: You too, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: I mean, you were working so hard, so... Yeah.
Rimi: It was thanks to you all that I could make a decent song! And the pastries were tasty, too♪
Saya: The "Go-Go Bread." Pretty good, wasn't it?
Rimi: Yeah, it was delicious! Oh, so it was called Go-Go Bread.
Arisa: Not sure it really needed a name, though...
Saya: Hehe. But hey, we definitely made the right choice, seeing how it made you so happy.
Rimi: Also... Well...
Saya: Hm? Was something wrong with the bread?
Rimi: Actually, the chocolate cornet was so fresh... It filled my heart with so much joy.
Arisa: I think you're just too obsessed with them...
Saya: Ahaha, probably.
Rimi: When I think about it now... That might have been the best chocolate cornet I've ever had.
Arisa: It was that good?!
Rimi: Maybe because it was made with love from the four of you.
Saya: Ahaha, I'm happy to hear that.
Saya: I hope next time we can make pastries with the five of us.
Arisa: The five of us making pastries... That doesn't seem like it has anything to do with a band.
Saya: ... How about we have a baking club?
Arisa: A band will be fine...
Rimi: Haha, I feel like I've heard this conversation before.
Saya: But you know, I think it's fun to do things unrelated to music as a group, too.
Rimi: Mhm. Yeah. More than just baking, I think I'd like it if we could all do things together.
Rimi: I know I decided to make the song for my sister all on my own, but being by myself... for all that time...
Saya: Rimi-rin, did you miss us?
Rimi: Ehehe. Yeah, I think so.
Saya: That's because it can't be Poppin'Party without the five of us. It's nice to hear you felt that way. Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Why are you asking me?! I guess... I would agree with Saya...
Rimi: It was because you all were there for me that I could write that song. I don't think of it as something I created by myself.
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: So thank you!
Saya: Hehe. Let's keep helping each other out, okay? ... Whether it's band related or not.
Rimi: Hehe. Yeah! I'll do what I can, Saya-chan! Arisa-chan!


<Unsung Hero>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Saya: Hey, how's it going? Are you planning on shopping?
Saya: Me? I don't have any rehearsal or work today, so I'm just out for a stroll.
Saya: Ahaha, I guess you could say I have nothing to do.
Saya: I could take this time to tell you about something that happened recently. Do you have a minute?
Saya: Haha, thanks.
Saya: So the other day, we played together with Glitter*Green at their birthday concert.
Saya: Yep. Glitter*Green's Yuri-senpai is also Rimi-rin's older sister! Of course, you would know.
Saya: So the birthday concert was for Yuri-senpai.
Saya: Out of nowhere, Rimi-rin got a call asking if Poppin'Party wanted to join the performance. We thought about it pretty hard...
Saya: We were determined and gave it our all. I think we decided we would do it because of how passionate Rimi-rin was.
Saya: She said she wanted to write a new song for her sister's birthday. And with only a week she created the entire thing...
Saya: She's amazing, isn't she? She holed herself up in the studio every day and worked as hard as she could.
Saya: No, no. The only one who put in any real work was Rimi-rin! All we did was give her a little bit of support...
Saya: Ahaha, you're exaggerating.
Saya: ... I mean, I'm happy to hear the compliment, but I guess you could say I'm not really convinced...
Saya: It might just be that the time went by so fast, I can't even be sure what we did.
Saya: So maybe, just maybe, bit by bit I'll start to think, "oh, we really did a good job!" Ahaha.
Saya: You think it was a valuable experience even if we are unsure about what we did?
Saya: Yeah, you're right. It definitely was. Completing a song within a week and being able to perform with Glitter*Green...
Saya: It was not only worthwhile for Rimi-rin. We should all be able to get something out of that.
Saya: I think we probably did some growing during that short period of time. ... And we might actually realize it when the time comes.
Saya: Hm? Oh, what song did we play?
Saya: You want to hear it, too? Hehe, it's a really good song~.
Saya: Yeah~... There might be a day when we play it again.
Saya: You know, Kasumi didn't write the lyrics this time.
Saya: Rimi-rin did that part too!
Saya: She felt like she just had to write the lyrics for this song. It's easy to understand why. The song was for her sister after all.
Saya: She had a pretty hard time... She was so worried about picking the right words...
Saya: Not to mention, there wasn't much time, you know? So there's was also a lot of pressure.
Saya: When we saw she was struggling, Arisa, Kasumi and I started talking about what we might be able to do...
Saya: We ended up delivering some pastries to her: her beloved chocolate cornets and Go-Go Bread. Home-made by us!
Saya: Go-Go Bread is a bunch of pastries we made to spell out "go Rimi."
Saya: She was all by herself, so... While all we could do was watch over her, even if we could give her a little bit of a push, we were happy.
Saya: Don't you just want to support people when they're doing their best?
Saya: Ahaha, I've been told so many times that a supportive person is a good fit for the drums.
Saya: Hearing you say it too makes me feel like I have no choice but to keep working hard.
Saya: I hope you'll keep cheering me on! I can't do it without you!
Saya: ... Just kidding~♪ Ahaha.
