171_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Evening Primping

Gacha phrase: The fireworks... They're so beautiful...

<Saya-sensei's Classroom>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

[Saya's Room]

Kasumi: Sorry to take up your time, Saya. I know you're busy.
Saya: No. It's no problem at all.
Kasumi: Awesome. You messaged me at the perfect time! If you hadn't, I definitely would have been late to the fireworks festival!
Kasumi: So, this... is the paraphernalia in question...
Saya: Fufu... Paraphernalia? Don't call it that~. You know it's just a yukata, right?
Kasumi: Ehehe, I just wanted to say the phrase.
Kasumi: Alright, Saya-sensei! Teach me the way of the yukata! I have no idea how to put this thing on... Every time I try, I end up looking like a zashiki-warashi.
Saya: Fufu, a zashiki-warashi...? Oh, I think I see it now!
Kasumi: O-Tae said it the other day, but you just can't go see fireworks without wearing a yukata, right?
Kasumi: So I really want to wear one, and I even had my mom pick one out at the store for me, but...
Kasumi: I never imagined it would be so hard to put on...
Saya: It is quite difficult if you're not used to it.
Kasumi: But you can do it all by yourself, right? Where did you learn?! I wanna learn how to do it too!
Saya: I wanted to be able to dress my little sister in a yukata, so I took a couple of classes.
Kasumi: Classes, huh...? So that must mean you're like... a pro!
Saya: D-don't get your hopes up. I really only learned a little bit...
Kasumi: Saya-sensei, you are now... Saya the Professional! Teach me how to put it on~!
Saya: Fufu... Okay, okay, you got it. Alright, why don't we put ours on at the same time? You can do exactly as I do.
Kasumi: Yes, please!
(Black cut)
Saya: First of all, you want to keep your back straight.
Kasumi: Like this?
Saya: No need to have your legs that far apart. You can keep the space between them a little shorter than shoulder-width length.
Kasumi: So... like this?
Saya: Mhm, that's good. Then, of course, you're gonna want to put your arms through the sleeves of the yukata.
Kasumi: Uhh... Like this, right...?
Saya: Make sure your back stays straight. After that...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: N-no good... When I do it, things start getting all bunched up...
Saya: And you were doing so well.
Kasumi: I-I'm sorry, Saya. I just couldn't focus all the way through to the end...
Saya: Can't really blame you. It's your first time. And there's a lot more to putting on a yukata than you would expect.
Kasumi: But, but... Saya, you did it all in one shot. No mistakes. That's amazing!
Kasumi: You know, that's just like you! And a yukata is so fitting for you!
Saya: Y-yeah? Fufu, thanks♪
Kasumi: You're so lucky~. I wanna look that good in one too~.
Saya: Okay. I'll put yours on for you.
Kasumi: Really? Yay~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Alright, now for the waistband. And... pull!
Kasumi: Ngh! C-can't breathe...
Saya: Should be okay now, I think.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Yep, all done! Here, take a look.
Kasumi: Wow wow wow! Looks great! This is exactly what I was trying to do...!
Saya: Putting on a yukata makes it feel like you're a completely different person.
Kasumi: When I saw a zashiki-warashi in the mirror earlier, I didn't know what I was gonna do... Ehehe, I'm glad I had your help.
Saya: I kinda wanted to see you as a zashiki-warashi though...
Kasumi: Woo! Woo! Now I'm really fired up~. Thank you so much, Saya! Time for a day of fireworks and fun fun fun!
Saya: Yeah!
Kasumi: Now! To the event we go~!


<Which Accessory?>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Shopping Mall]

Saya: Hmm~... Maybe this one...
Saya: But since it's for Kasumi, this color might be better...
Saya: Mmm~, how do I choose~?
Saya: ... Ah! {{userName}}-san! Hey! Are you shopping too?
Saya: ... Hm? I was just picking out a hair accessory.
Saya: At first, I was looking at Japanese-style accessories, but... I got so distracted by everything else...
Saya: And it's not for me. I wanted to get something for Kasumi, so I've probably been worrying about what I should get for way too long...
Saya: Actually, the other day, we went to watch fireworks together, as Poppin'Party.
Saya: Kasumi said she couldn't put on her yukata, so I helped her out.
Saya: Yeah, I'd say I can basically get a yukata on.
Saya: Oh, but it's not like, professional, or anything. I guess I just naturally learned from dressing my little sister up...
Saya: ... I-it's really not that big of a deal~. There are a lot of people who know how to put on a yukata.
Saya: Then, so it would match better with her yukata, I took some time to style her hair as well...
Saya: Of course! I had a lot of fun. And it made Kasumi really happy.
Saya: You know, Kasumi looks pretty good in a yukata.
Saya: She was saying that she looked like a zashiki-warashi when she put it on herself, but when it's put on the right way, it suits her surprisingly well.
Saya: That's not the face of belief, is it?
Saya: I mean, sure she takes these huge steps when she walks, making the whole thing a little awkward in a way...
Saya: But if she's just being normal, she kinda looks like a high-class princess.
Saya: ... I-I'm being serious!
Saya: ... Okay then. Tomorrow when we put on our yukata, I'll take a picture.
Saya: Yep, Kasumi and I are gonna meet up tomorrow.
Saya: She said she wanted to learn how to put a yukata on, so we're gonna give it another shot.
Saya: And since we're already gonna be doing that, I figured I'd find a suitable hair accessory for her...
Saya: But I just can't decide... {{userName}}-san, can I ask your opinion?
Saya: Right now, it's between... this hairpin and this ribbon.
Saya: Which do you think is better? I just don't know...
Saya: At first, I was sure the pin would be best, but...
Saya: Yeah! Exactly! You have a good eye!
Saya: I knew this red ribbon with the star-shaped charm would be really cute.
Saya: So I should get this ribbon... right?
Saya: ... Ahh, I don't know~. What should I do...?
Saya: Hmm~...
Saya: ... This one... No, this one... Maybe...
Saya: ... I've decided. I'm gonna get this ribbon!
Saya: After all, you can't think of Kasumi without thinking of stars!
Saya: ... And speaking of that, when she saw the star-shaped fireworks, her face was filled with glee!
Saya: And every time she puts on her yukata and wears this ribbon, maybe she'll remember that day.
Saya: Mhm, I think this will make her really happy!
Saya: I can't wait to see her face.
Saya: ... Hm? Wait... But there are no more festivals for the rest of the year... They've all passed, right...?
Saya: When will she wear it, then...?
Saya: Ah! It is Kasumi, so maybe she'll want to have a show where we wear yukata, no?
Saya: Performing in a yukata...
Saya: ... Fufufu, sounds like fun!
Saya: I guess I'll be fixing those long strides of hers to prepare her for the show!
