286_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Merry Surprise!

Gacha phrase: Man, Arisa~... You've come a long way!

<Do You Believe in Santa?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After The Christmas Party]

[Walking Home]

Saya: The Christmas party was really fun, huh?
Kasumi: Yeah! It kind of felt like we just summed up the whole year! It was nothing but fun! Right, Arisa?
Arisa: ... Yeah, I guess it was fun.
Rimi: This is all because you suggested we have a Christmas party, Arisa. Thanks!
Arisa: Hey, I wasn't actually trying to suggest anything, I just...
Tae: You're face is red, Arisa. Redder than a reindeer's nose.
Arisa: Stop making weird comparisons!
Saya: Ahaha. Don't you think there's something about the colors and the feeling of Christmas that just makes it unconditionally fun?
Kasumi: Totally! It's like I can't resist it at all! It's always been that way ever since I was a kid!
Saya: I was the same.
Saya: ... Hey, speaking of which, how long did everyone believe in Santa Claus for?
Arisa: ... Okay, so this is one thing I seriously just don't get. You guys actually thought Santa Claus was real when you were kids? I'm surprised...
Kasumi: ... Huh? You didn't believe in Santa Claus when you were little, Arisa?
Arisa: Nope, not at all...
Rimi: What? Really...? So you didn't get presents or anything from Santa?
Arisa: Nah, I just asked my grandma to buy me stuff for Christmas.
Saya: You haven't really changed since then...
Rimi: I think when I was in about the third grade of elementary school, my sister and I decided we just had to see Santa, so we got into bed and pretended to be asleep.
Kasumi: Wow! In the same bed?! That's so cute!
Rimi: We heard the door open, and our dad came in really carefully and placed presents next to our pillows...
Saya: You saw it all...
Rimi: My sister said that in the morning we had to tell our dad that Santa gave us presents...
Saya: Yuri-senpai is so mature~.
Saya: How about you, O-Tae? How long did you believe in Santa Claus for?
Tae: ... Huh? But Santa is real. I saw lots of them Downtown.
Arisa: Those are just people wearing costumes, you know?!
Kasumi: I think he's real too though!
Arisa: I knew it!
Kasumi: I had this big fight with a boy in elementary school that said Santa isn't real!
Arisa: You were the same old Kasumi, even back in elementary school, huh? ... You haven't changed.
Kasumi: Like I know there might not be a Santa Claus who comes along on a sleigh and all, but... I still think Santa is a thing!
Arisa: That makes zero sense.
Kasumi: C'mon, guys! Everyone had so much fun at the party today, right? Everyone was happy!
Kasumi: I bet the fun we had today was a present from Santa Claus!
Arisa: Excuse me?! How'd you reach that ridiculous conclusion?!
Saya: ... Ahh, I get it. You might be right.
Arisa: ... Don't tell me you're on board with this too, Saya.
Saya: I... honestly never imagined that the girls from CHiSPA would come to the party.
Saya: I was truly happy at the party, seeing them there was the best present I could've wished for.
Saya: If there wasn't a Santa, I don't think that could've even happened.
Kasumi: ... Hm? Wait, does that mean...? Oh, you guys!!
Saya: Wh-what is it, Kasumi?!
Kasumi: It was Arisa who invited CHiSPA to the show! That means Arisa is your Santa Claus, Saya!
Arisa: Wh-what?! How the hell does that work?!
Saya: But Kasumi might be right! Man~, Arisa was my Santa Claus all along!
Kasumi: See! Santa Claus is an actual thing!
Arisa: I don't even have a beard!
Tae: Ari-Santa Claus.
Kasumi: Nice one, O-Tae!
Rimi: Fufufu, I get it now. Arisa-chan is Santa Claus. I have to tell my sister!
Arisa: Don't you dare! This is getting out of hand!
Saya: ... Hm? Oh... it's snowing.
Kasumi: Oh wow, it is! It's snowing, you guys~!
Saya: It's so pretty...
Kasumi: Being able to share this with you guys... This is the best Christmas present ever!
Saya: Yeah, I think so too. Thanks for today, everyone.
Saya: Merry Christmas...


<Everyone Loves Us>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Saya: Oh, {{userName}}-san, hello. That's a big bag you have there. Doing some shopping?
Saya: I'm helping with the post-Christmas clean-up here Downtown.
Saya: As soon as we take down the Christmas decorations, the new years decorations go straight up~.
Saya: One year passes so quickly, doesn't it?
Saya: Oh, by the way, thank you for letting us use CiRCLE the other day!
Saya: Yeah! We had such a good time! Everyone really enjoyed it!
Saya: ... But you know, I think it might have been me who was the happiest that day.
Saya: ... Huh? Oh, so what happened was Arisa secretly invited the members of my old band to our show!
Saya: I was actually thinking that I wanted to invite them, but it was harder to find the courage to do it than I thought it would be.
Saya: I honestly never even imagined that Kasumi and Arisa would make it happen.
Saya: I mean, it's Arisa, you know?! How could I not be surprised?!
Saya: I really learned something through all this. Arisa is actually really kind.
Saya: She's always groaning about how this friendship stuff makes her skin crawl, but deep down she's really considerate of her friends...
Saya: I've been at the same school as Arisa since middle school, but I didn’t think we'd ever end up being this close!
Saya: Everyone in CHiSPA was saying they were so surprised to see what Arisa was really like too!
Saya: Natsu even went on about how she wished her and Arisa had become friends sooner.
Saya: But there's no such thing as being too late when it comes to making friends, right?
Saya: I really hope that Natsu and the others and everyone in Poppin' Party get closer in the future.
Saya: ... Oh, before I forget! We're giving these to everyone who came to the show or helped out with it...
Saya: We haven't given one to you yet, right {{userName}}-san?
Saya: Umm... these are part of the decorations we used on stage the other day.
Saya: There's only a few left since we already gave them to everyone else...
Saya: Take one as well if you like, {{userName}}-san.
Saya: You've helped us time and time again, after all!
Saya: ... Sure! Take any one you like!
Saya: ... I see, you went for the Santa. I had a feeling you would.
Saya: Oh, yes, we all took one home for ourselves too.
Saya: ... I chose this one. I have it on my bag everyday now.
Saya: It's a star ornament.
Saya: I'm not sure why but I just unconsciously went for this one.
Saya: I really wasn't thinking about it all, but I ended up with a star.
Saya: It was at that moment that I realized Poppin' Party is really special to me now.
Saya: On the way home we all showed each other the ornaments we chose.
Saya: And it turns out we all chose ones shaped like stars!
Saya: Like it's a coincidence, but at the same time it kind of isn't...
Saya: And knowing that everyone loves Poppin' Party just as much as I do really makes me happy.
Saya: ... Oh, I'm sorry! I'm kind of talking your ears off, aren't I?
Saya: I guess I just wanted to tell someone... or maybe even boast about it a little...?
Saya: That's just how I feel right now!
Saya: Oh! I just realized! I hadn't given one of our ornaments to the owner at CiRCLE yet!
Saya: Would you mind giving her one for us, {{userName}}-san?
Saya: Umm... We've actually decided which one we want to give her.
Saya: This one. It has the Poppin' Party logo on it!
Saya: ... Huh? You want to know why the owner is getting a special one...?
Saya: Well, that's because naturally we want to have a Christmas show at CiRCLE again next year, so...
Saya: Ah, anyway, I was in the middle of cleaning up, I should get back to it!
Saya: Thanks again for everything you did for us!
