341_Saya Yamabuki_R2 Poppin' Colors!

<Making Pajamas>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Hmhmm~♪ Hmhmm, hmhmhmm~♪
Saya: Hm? Looks like you're in a great mood today, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Ehehe~! And do you know why, Saya?
Saya: Of course! You're humming while you stare at our new outfits. You like them that much?
Kasumi: Yeah! They're so super duper cute~!
Saya: I think so too!
Saya: I guess you can say it matches the Poppin'Party vibe? The way it pops with excitement, maybe?
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! Exactly! They've got that 'pop' going, and they got the 'pin' part too! Not to mention the 'party' feeling! Don't you agree?!
Saya: I-I don't really get what you mean, but I'm definitely in love with them.
Saya: I showed it off to my little brother and sister the other day without thinking. They were like, "I'm so jealous~," and "I wanna wear one too~!"
Kasumi: That makes sense! I mean, our outfits are just that cute! Of course everyone wants to wear them~
Kasumi: ... Ah! Let's make one for each of them! They'll be tiny, kid versions!
Saya: Huh? Uhm, well... It works for me since I'm only wearing it on stage, but they'll probably think they can wear it anywhere.
Saya: And it's too colorful, so if they decide they want to go to school like that, we might end up with a real problem on our hands...
Kasumi: O-oh yeah... Now that I think about it, that makes sense... It's not really good for everyday wear...
Kasumi: ... Ah, how about this?
Saya: Hm? How about what?
Kasumi: What if we made them pajamas using the same color scheme as our outfits?
Kasumi: You only ever wear pajamas in the house, so flashy colors are fine, right? What do you think?
Saya: Pajamas, huh...? Yeah, that could work!
Kasumi: Alright! Then let's get making them right away! Ah, but I don't know what their sizes are...
Saya: How about I bring a pair of their pajamas with me next time? You can make them based on that.
Kasumi: Okay! Then I'll get all the materials ready before then! Let's make some pajamas!
Saya: ... Hm? Wait, Kasumi, aren't you bad at sewing?
Kasumi: Ngh...
Saya: I remember when we made knapsacks in class, you had a really hard time. You almost broke the sewing machine too, right?
Kasumi: Nghhh...
Kasumi: ... B-but it'll be fine! If we ask the others to help, I'm sure we can make something awesome together!
Saya: Yeah, that's true. But for you to go that far for those two... Sorry you have to do so much extra work...
Kasumi: No way! Think about it! Jun-jun and Saa-nan are pretty much members of Poppin'Party!
Saya: I-I don't know about that...
Kasumi: Oh! And while we're at it, we should make some for Arisa's grandma too!
Saya: Huh? Arisa's... grandma?!
Kasumi: Yeah! She's like a member of Poppin'Party too! She'll love it!
Saya: I feel like Arisa's just going to get mad and say something like "What do you think you're doing making my grandma wear something like this?!"
Kasumi: No way! She'll love it too! I mean, the outfit is so cute! How could she possibly get mad?!
Saya: A-are you sure...?
Kasumi: Alrighty, it's decided! Let's make some pajamas!


<Souvenir Picture Plates>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Saya: Ah, good afternoon, {{userName}}-san.
Saya: ... Me? I'm just coming back from the photo studio downtown.
Saya: ... Yeah, I had one I really liked, so I decided to get it printed.
Saya: ... Yup! Well, you see, we actually just finished our new costumes!
Saya: And when we tried them on, we decided to take a picture together holding our instruments! And that photo turned out really well!
Saya: I just got so excited! I mean, it was a pretty good photo.
Saya: And don't you think they turn out better when you get them printed at a studio as opposed to doing it yourself?
Saya: This one's really special, so I knew I had to get it done professionally...
Saya: If you ever have a photo you really like, you should definitely get it printed at a studio!
Saya: ... Ah, that's right! Can you keep this a secret from the other Poppin'Party members?
Saya: ... Uh-huh. I had these printed and framed in secret.
Saya: I had five made, and I want to give them to everyone as a surprise...
Saya: ... Oh, of course! No problem. I can show you mine right now.
Saya: ... Check it out! Isn't this so cute?!
Saya: I liked having it on my phone, but now that it's in a frame, I can decorate my room with it!
Saya: And that makes it feel just a bit more special, doesn't it?
Saya: ... Oh, I just remembered! I actually have a few more pictures I really like... Maybe I should get those framed too...
Saya: Sorry, {{userName}}-san, but I have to go back to the photo studio...!
Saya: I'll see you later!
