595_Saya Yamabuki_R2 Decoration

<Secret to Chocolate Cornets>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Rimi: What?! You're not making chocolate cornets for Valentine's Day?
Saya: Yeah, I thought I'd try making normal chocolates this year. Helping Aya-senpai with hers made me want to give it a try myself.
Rimi: Ooo... But that means I won't get to eat your delicious cornets on Valentine's Day...
Saya: D-don't be sad. You can always buy them from our bakery, remember?
Saya: If it's that big of a deal, I'll have my dad make you some another time.
Rimi: Really?
Saya: Yes, I promise!
Rimi: Ehehe... Thanks, Saya-chan. Sorry if I scared you, I was just so shocked...
Saya: You really like those chocolate cornets, huh? Oh yeah, by the way, what are you making for Valentine's Day?
Rimi: I haven't decided ye-... Ah, that's it!
Rimi: I just had an idea! Why don't I make the chocolate cornets this year?!
Saya: Oh~, that sounds great! Ah, hold on, chocolate cornets are kind of tricky, you know.
Rimi: Are they? Do you have any tips or tricks to making them?
Saya: Tricks, huh? Hmm... My dad always says you have to make sure the dough doesn't get too tough, or else you won't be able to roll it up.
Rimi: Is that so...? Ah! I should take notes! Let's see...
Saya: Other than that, if you want the right shape in the end, make sure you leave a little space when you wrap the dough around the mold...
Rimi: I see... Leave a little space... There!
Saya: Fufu, you're so serious about this.
Rimi: Of course I am! It's for chocolate cornets, after all!
Saya: ... Ah, that reminds me~. There's one more important technique we use. Do you want to hear it?
Rimi: Absolutely! Tell me!
Saya: Fufufu. You see, you have to... sing to the dough!
Rimi: Sing?
Saya: Yup. You know how plants grow better when you play music for them, right? It's the same idea, and it makes the dough extra tasty.
Rimi: R-really?
Saya: Yup, we do it all the time.
Rimi: Wow~, so that's what makes them so delicious! What kind of song do you sing?
Saya: Uhm... Well, when we're making chocolate cornets, we sing "Choco! Chocolate! Cornet~! Chocolate cornet~♪"
Rimi: Choco! Chocolate! Cornet~! Chocolate cornet~...?
Saya: You've got it! It fills your pastries with love!
Rimi: Choco! Chocolate! Cornet~! Chocolate cornet~♪
Saya: You're really good at this!
Rimi: Choco! Chocolate! Cornet~! Chocolate cornet~♪
Saya: That's the spirit! Your chocolate cornets will turn out amazing now!
Rimi: Yeah! I'm sure they will! Thank you so much, Saya-chan!
Saya: No problem at all. Ah, by the way, about the singing-
Rimi: Okay, if I want to make a test batch tomorrow, I need to go buy the ingredients on my way home... Alright, then I better hurry up and get going. See you later, Saya-chan!
Saya: Ah, Rimi-rin...
Rimi: Bye-bye!
Saya: She sure was in a hurry... Just as I was about to tell her I was kidding too. I wonder if I could still catch up to her now...


<Chocolate Cornet Song>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Choco! Chocolate! Cornet~! Chocolate cornet~♪
Saya: Huh...?! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, where'd you hear that song?!
Marina: Hey, Saya-chan. Rimi-chan taught it to us~.
Saya: Ooo~... What did she tell you?
Marina: Well, she said if you sing that song, your chocolate cornets will come out extra tasty! She seemed pretty excited about it too.
Saya: Sigh... So she's telling everyone else now too, huh? Ah, just to let you know, that was a joke! Although I'm sure you've figured that out by now.
Saya: Rimi-rin said she was going to make chocolate cornets for Valentine's Day this year, so in the beginning, I was just giving her tips.
Saya: But when I saw how serious she looked... I thought I'd tease her a little bit.
Saya: I was planning on telling her it was a joke right away, but I never got to. Then I totally forgot about it...
Marina: So how were her chocolate cornets?
Saya: They were really good! I'm sure she made a ton of test batches...
Saya: And on Valentine's Day, she started telling me how it was thanks to me that her cornets came out so tasty!
Saya: Looking into such innocent eyes, I knew it was too late to tell her it was a joke.
Marina: Ahaha... Yeah. Well, regardless of what did it, she still managed to make some delicious pastries, so no harm done, right?
Saya: I suppose so... You could call it a truth born from lies, in a way.
Marina: Exactly! Singing might just have an effect on cooking after all.
Saya: Fufu, yeah right~.  Although... that would be pretty cool! Like a miracle born of Rimi-rin's love of chocolate cornets.
Saya: Maybe I'll give singing a shot next time I make them myself. I'll make sure to bring you two some so you can try them.
Marina: Sounds good! I'm looking forward to it!
