599_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Poster Girl

Gacha phrase: Hehe. We're assembling all the downtown members!

<Regular Customers>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Welcome to our bakery~!
Moca: Hey, Saya~.
Saya: Ah, Moca. How are you? Are you here to buy something?
Moca: Of course. I'm a regular here, aren't I~?
Saya: You certainly are one of our best customers~. Thanks for your patronage!
Moca: No problemo~. Your buns are just so tasty~. Plus I get to collect points for my card, making this the best bakery ever~.
Saya: Fufu, well, thank you very much! So what can I get you today?
Moca: Fufu~. It's about time for "that" to be ready, right~? You know the one.
Saya: ... Gotcha. Fufu. Well, why don't you take your time and look around for now?
Moca: Okey-dokey, will do~. I'm sure you're gonna be plenty busy soon anyway~.
Saya: ... Ah, yeah, it's about that time again. You really are a regular here. You even know when we get bus-
Saya: Ah, welcome to the bakery~!
Moca: Oh~. Speaking of which, here they come~.
Saya: Welcome! ... Ah, hello, ma'am! Will you be getting the usual today? A nice bread loaf cut into eight slices, right?
Audience Member A: You know me so well, Saya-chan.
Saya: Fufu, it's nothing special. You're always coming here, after all!
Saya: Thank you again for choosing our bakery!
Saya: How may I help you...? Ah, I'm sorry, the croissants aren't quite ready yet!
Saya: Would you mind waiting for just a little while? I'm sure they'll be out soon... My apologies.
Saya: Fufu, I'm sorry. I'll be sure to give you a little extra something for making you wait!
Audience Member B: Hello. Ah, are you running the front end today, Saya-chan?
Saya: Welcome... Ah, did you call in your order earlier? Here you go, one loaf of bread cut into ten slices!
Saya: Thank you for coming! We hope to see you again!
Moca: Oho~.
(Black cut)
Saya: ... Phew. The rush is finally over.
Moca: Hmm~... That certainly exceeded my expectations~.
Saya: Is something wrong, Moca?
Moca: No, I was just admiring your skills~. You surprised even the Great Moca-chan~.
Saya: Where'd that come from?
Moca: Come on~. Talking to all those customers and doing all that work at the same time isn't something just anybody can do~.
Saya: ... Hmm~, are you sure about that? I get the feeling it's pretty common.
Moca: No way~, that'd be impossible, at least for me~.
Saya: Well, I've been helping out around the bakery since I was little. I probably just got used to it.
Moca: You even knew what some people were going to buy. Do you have all your customers memorized~?
Saya: Ahaha, no way, I could never do that~. I suppose I do try to remember our regular customers though.
Saya: That being said, most of our customers are from around here, so I naturally end up memorizing faces.
Moca: Even so, I still think it's pretty neat~. You're amazing, Saya~.
Saya: It's not that big of a deal, really! You sure are giving a lot of compliments today, aren't you?
Saya: But wait, Moca, don't you recognize the regulars at the convenience store you work at?
Moca: Hmm~... I guess so. Although we don't really chat with our customers like you do here.
Moca: Even if I do know what they plan on getting, it's not like we talk to them.
Saya: Ah, that makes sense. It's normal for us to talk to our customers, but convenience stores don't really do that sort of thing.
Saya: Our customers are all from the downtown area, so we naturally end up talking.
Moca: Yup, a local business with strong roots in the community... Doesn't that sound like something you'd see downtown?
Saya: Fufu! Yeah, that's true!
Moca: ... Alright, now it's time for a Moca-chan Quiz~! Guess correctly and you'll win one Moca-chan Point~!
Saya: That came out of nowhere... So what's the question?
Moca: What does your loyal customer Moca-chan plan on buying today~?
Saya: Fufu, that's easy!
Saya: This! Our brioche buns, fresh out of the oven! You were waiting for these, right?
Moca: Oho~, that is correct! That's Saya for you! You win one Moca-chan Point~.
Saya: Fufu, thanks!
Saya: You're one of our precious regulars too. Of course I'd know.
Moca: Hmm~, when you say it like that, I just want to come here even more~. No fair, Saya~.
Saya: Fufu, well, I can't wait to see you again!


<Downtown Intuition>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Saya: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon!
Saya: No kidding, what a coincidence~. Are you here to buy some croquettes too?
Saya: ... Ah, gotcha. You were a little hungry and figured you'd buy some croquettes for everyone at CiRCLE while you were at it, huh?
Saya: Great, then you're in luck. Your timing couldn't be more perfect!
Saya: Fufu. What I mean is~...
Saya: Fresh croquettes are just coming out of the fryer right about now.
Saya: Ah, you don't believe me? Are you sure? My intuition's usually spot on.
Saya: Ah, look! Here come the fresh croquettes! Just like I said.
Saya: I really know my stuff? Fufu, thank you!
Saya: I've lived here my whole life, so I have a good idea of when the croquettes are fresh.
Saya: But because of that, whenever I have to watch the bakery during those times, I get really hungry... But I think all the girls living around here experience that.
Saya: When everyone who lives downtown got together, Hagumi was just naturally drawn to the smell of our freshly baked bread.
Saya: Speaking of Hagumi, my intuition was actually off today.
Saya: I thought she would be working for sure~...
Saya: Ah, no, it's not like the days she helps out are set in stone.
Saya: I can just kind of tell when Hagumi's at her family's store...
Saya: Fufu! You're right, it's probably a feeling you only have when you live here!
Saya: Although it was wrong today. That's too bad.
Saya: That's true, I suppose I could ask Hagumi for her schedule...
Saya: But doesn't it feel great when your intuition's correct? That's probably why I come by without asking.
Saya: ... Do I have any other intuitions to share?
Saya: Hmm~... Ah!
Saya: Actually, Yamabuki Bakery's going to be having a sale soon!
Saya: Our most popular products sell out really fast, so it's best to get there early!
Saya: Oh, and... Today's recommendation is chocolate cornets!
Saya: I'm just trying to sell you bread...? Fufu! You got me~!
Saya: Ah, but it is true we're doing a sale, so why not grab some bread to have with your croquettes?
