616_Saya Yamabuki_R3 Memory Lane

<Surprise for Kasumi>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1-A]

Hagumi: Hey! Hey, Saya~!
Eve: Do you have a moment to spare?
Saya: Yeah, sure. What are you guys up to?
Hagumi: Do you remember when Kaa-kun mentioned us doing something together before we changed classes?
Eve: Everyone in class discussed the issue, and we have decided to go sing karaoke together!
Saya: Ooo, karaoke~. That sounds nice. Kasumi is going to love that.
Hagumi: I know, right? Kaa-kun is crazy about karaoke!
Eve: What a relief! I am glad to hear that you approve, Saya-san. We can now properly express our gratitude to Kasumi-san!
Saya: Gratitude? For what, exactly?
Eve: For taking on the job of first-year representative for our closing ceremony, of course!
Hagumi: You have no idea how happy I am that Kaa-kun is the one doing it!
Hagumi: That's why we discussed the best way to show our thanks to her!
Saya: Now I get it. That sounds like a wonderful idea! Let's find a day that suits everyone and make it happen!
Saya: Kasumi is going to be over the moon when she hears this! I'd better hurry and tell her...
Eve: Ah! Please wait, Saya-san!
Saya: Huh? What's wrong?
Hagumi: Actually... we'd like to keep this a secret from Kaa-kun. As a surprise!
Saya: Huh? A surprise?
Hagumi: Right now, she's busy thinking about her First-Year Representative's Speech, yeah?
Saya: Uh-huh. I think it's giving her quite a bit of trouble... But knowing Kasumi, she'll figure something out by the time of the ceremony!
Eve: Yes, I agree!
Saya: As it stands, though, she'll likely need a little more time before it's done...
Hagumi: That's why we can't tell her about the karaoke plans, or she won't be able to focus on her speech.
Saya: Ah, you've got a point there...
Hagumi: Right?! So we thought it should be a surprise!
Eve: Moreover, having such a splendid reward await her is certain to fill her with joy.
Saya: Wow, you guys really do have Kasumi all figured out~.
Hagumi: So yeah, we'd like for you to keep it a secret from her for now.
Saya: Fufufu, roger that.
Hagumi: But there's still the problem of finding out her schedule so we can get everyone on the same page... and I'm not sure if we can pull that off.
Saya: You guys do struggle with keeping secrets.
Eve: Precisely! And that is where you come in, Saya-san!
Saya: I see. If that's all there is, then just leave it to me♪
Saya: All I need to do is get the scoop on her schedule without her realizing what's up, correct?
Eve: Yes, if you would!
Hagumi: Alright~! It'll be smooth sailing with Saya on board! I knew we could count on her~.
Eve: We leave it in your capable hands!
Saya: Oh, stop~. We're in the same grade, you know.
Eve: Being in this class has been such a wonderful experience! I have made many new friends, and this past year was so exciting that it simply flew by!
Hagumi: Same here~! The whole class got along great! We have so many awesome memories together!
Saya: I feel exactly the same way. It really is going to be sad when we finally have to change classes.
Saya: Ah, but... at the same time, I'm as equally excited about my new class. Even if we're separated, we'll still be friends.
Hagumi: Yep! No matter what class we're in, we'll always be pals, forever and ever~!
Eve: Agreed! From now until the end of time!
Saya: Of course! Friends have to stick together!
Saya: Alright, I'll contact you once I've managed to figure out Kasumi's schedule.
Saya: ... Going to karaoke as the final farewell of the school year. Fufu, how exciting.


<Strong Memories>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Saya-chan!
Saya: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Are you both working today?
Marina: You guessed it. I take it that you're heading somewhere?
Saya: I'm on my way to Arisa's basement. Everyone in Poppin'Party is getting together to write a song.
Marina: Oh, will this be a new one?
Saya: Of course♪
Marina: Wow, that sounds exciting~.
Saya: Here's what happened. Kasumi gave the First-Year Representative's Speech at our closing ceremony the other day. Every word of it was amazing!
Marina: Someone filled me in on that! About how it was a beautiful speech that moved the whole audience.
Saya: Hearing Kasumi's message reminded me of all the accomplishments we've had. I came so close to crying.
Saya: Kind of strange when you consider that there are still two more years for us to spend together.
Marina: Doesn't that imply that the time you spent together was fulfilling? Wow, I wish I could've been there.
Saya: If you had been, I'm sure the two of you would have been in tears as well.
Marina: Hearing that kind of response only makes me want to hear it even more~. Don't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Saya: Okay, I'll let Kasumi know that you both wanted to hear her speech!
Saya: Now that we've had our closing ceremony, it really does feel like our first year flew by~.
Saya: Looking back, we made a lot of new memories... Each and every one of them an exciting experience...
Saya: Kasumi made one final remark at the end of her speech: that she wants to make those memories into a song.
Marina: How interesting! So that's why you'll be making one today.
Saya: Fufufu. That's exactly right.
Marina: A song crammed full of moving words and precious memories... I can't wait to hear how it'll turn out.
Saya: Me, neither! I'm sure it'll be a really beautiful piece of music since we're making it together!
Marina: Yeah, I bet! I'm looking forward to it!
Saya: Ah, I apologize for having talked for this long... Okay, I better go.
Marina: Good luck with your song! Tell everyone that we wish them the best.
Saya: I will!
Saya: Hope you'll be expecting big things from our second-year selves and this new song!
