771_Saya Yamabuki_R4 My Sister the Witch

Gacha phrase: ... Makes sense to me. It is Halloween, after all!

<Extraordinary Curtain Call>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Saya: Th-there's still ten minutes before we're supposed to meet...
Saya: I was so excited for the Halloween Parade, I came a little too early...
Little Girl: Ah! A witch!
Saya: A-ahaha... Hello...
Saya: Man... It's kind of embarrassing to wait by yourself dressed up like this...
Saya: But it's probably too crowded to change into my costume at the parade...
Saya: Hm~ I hope someone comes soon~...
Rimi: Saya-chan♪ You're here already. You came pretty early.
Saya: Oh, Rimi-rin! Yay~! I've been waiting for you!
Rimi: Huh? What happened? Your face is bright red, Saya-chan.
Saya: That's because, well, it was embarrassing waiting here in costume all by myself... People kept giving me weird looks...
Arisa: I get it. I get exactly what you mean, Saya...
Saya: A-Arisa? When did you get here?
Arisa: It was so embarrassing walking around in this costume, I basically hid in the shadows the whole way here.
Rimi: Aw, but Arisa-chan, you're so cute as Little Red Riding Hood! You shouldn't be embarrassed about it~.
Arisa: Really though, I know I'm contradicting myself here, but isn't it too early in the day for this level of festivities?
Rimi: I don't think so... You know, you look like you stepped out of a storybook.
Arisa: E-enough about me. Saya, you're a witch, right?
Saya: Yeah... What do you think?
Rimi: You look adorable, Saya-chan~! And quite mature. You caught me by surprise.
Saya: Hehe, thanks, Rimi-rin. That makes me feel a little better.
Saya: And your nurse costume, Rimi-rin, it really suits you~. Pink was a good choice after all.
Rimi: Yeah, it's all thanks to the advice you all gave me. I'm really grateful.
Arisa: Now we just have to wait for Kasumi and O-Tae...
Saya: Hm? Isn't that them over there?
Rimi: Oh, you're right... Um, it looks like they're hopping around?
Arisa: W-what are those two up to...?
Tae: Hi guys. Kasumi and I came on the same train.
Kasumi: Morning! Today is finally here~! I can't wait for the parade~! Let's have fun guys! Woo!
Arisa: K-Kasumi. You're way too excited! Everyone else is calm you know.
Kasumi: That's because today is the long-awaited Halloween Parade! Of course I'm excited~.
Saya: Is that why you were jumping around before?
Kasumi: Ah, that was different. Rabbits and jiangshi both hop around, so we hopped around too.
Tae: We were being realistic!
Kasumi: Yeah, realistic!
Saya: I see, so that's what it was~, fufufu.
Rimi: Both your costumes are really cute! I get why you're feeling so excited~.
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! Okay, let's go! I wanna get there early since we're going to all this effort in the first place!
Arisa: Riding the train in this...? Could this get any more embarrassing...?
Saya: I might have to agree... Hey, Kasumi? Was the train crowded before?
Kasumi: Yeah, there might've been more families than usual. I guess because it's Halloween?
Tae: Quite a few kids talked to us.
Arisa: I see...
Saya: Oh well... It'll be okay now that we're all together. I'm actually starting to feel excited.
Rimi: Fufufu, that's the spirit, Saya-chan! Let's have fun today!
Saya: Yeah! That includes you, Arisa! Let's really enjoy ourselves~♪ Hehehe.
Arisa: Saya... It's like a switch was flipped in your head or something...
Saya: Alright, guys! To the parade!
All: Yeah!


<Next Year Will Be Even Better>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Welcome to Yamabuki Bakery.
Marina: Hello, Saya-chan.
Saya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Saya: Aren't you supposed to be at work around this time?
Marina: We came to buy some snacks. What bread do you recommend?
Saya: Hmm, how about our seasonal specialties? Pumpkin bread and ghost bread. One has pumpkin and red-bean paste inside, and the other has cream.
Marina: Halloween bread! Pumpkin and red bean together is so rare! And this ghost one... Fufu, it's cute.
Marina: Are you okay with these, {{userName}}-san? Okay then, two of each please, Saya-chan.
Saya: Sure! I'll wrap them up for you.
Saya: By the way, Poppin'Party all went to the Halloween Parade the other day.
Marina: Oh, is that a fairly popular event?
Saya: Yes, it is! We wore costumes and walked in the parade! We took photos and did a performance on stage too.
Marina: Sounds like it was a lot of fun! What kind of costume did you wear, Saya-chan?
Saya: Oh, I was a witch. But it was a little embarrassing walking around the city beforehand, since you stand out so much...
Saya: But once the parade began and everyone was in costume, I didn't care anymore, so I had a really good time.
Marina: I see. I wish I could've seen you in your witch costume.
Saya: Ah, I have some photos! Um... Here they are, take a look!
Marina: Was this taken... at your house, Saya-chan? It's all the members of Poppin'Party... Oh, and your little brother and sister. Everyone's so adorable.
Saya: After the parade, they all stopped by my house. We brought a lot of candy home, so my brother and sister were really happy.
Saya: They kept saying they wanted to dress up too, so we gave them our hats and accessories to take photos with.
Marina: That's nice. I'm sure your brother and sister had a good Halloween too then.
Saya: I hope so. Seeing them both so happy made me want to take them along next year.
Saya: I'm sure Kasumi would watch over them, so it'd be fine.
Marina: Kasumi-chan does seem like she'd be good with them~.
Saya: Kasumi always puts all her energy into playing with them, so I'm sure they'd love it.
Marina: By the sound of it, next year's Halloween will be even better then.
Saya: Yeah! This year was great, but I'm looking forward even more to next year!
Saya: ... Ah, a customer. Welcome to Yamabuki Bakery!
Marina: Sorry, I shouldn't have talked to you while you were working.
Saya: No, I'm glad you did. Here's your pumpkin bread and your ghost bread, two of each. Sorry for the wait.
