979_Saya Yamabuki_R3 A Familiar Figure

Gacha phrase: Come on, Arisa~. You're not the only one here, you know. We're all a part of this.

<Top Photographer, Top Model>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Joint Sports Festival - Patrolling]

[Athletic Field - Hallway]

Rimi: Saya-chan, we're going to grab some drinks.
Saya: Okay~. Then Arisa and I will head back to the committee room.
Kasumi: Are you sure you'll be okay without us, Arisa? Won't you be lonely?
Tae: I'll send you a video of Oddie. Take a look if you start to miss us.
Arisa: Yeah, sure, thanks for that. Hurry up and get out of here.
Kasumi: Okay, we're off~!
Saya: Fufu, we should get going too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Joint Sports Festival Committee Room]

Arisa: We're back~... Hm?
Saya: No one is here.
Arisa: Looks like everyone has stepped out. We might as well take a break until they get back.
Saya: Sure, that works for me.
Arisa: Phew~. Whether it's in the stands or out on the field, people are really going at it today.
Saya: I know~. It's hard trying to keep up with all the photo opportunities.
Saya: No matter the event, everyone is seriously giving it their all.
Arisa: Well, as long as everyone is energized, I'm glad. It feels like our hard work wasn't pointless, you know...?
Arisa: Getting lost in the crowds and patrolling the competition areas were worth it.
Saya: Fufufu, for sure.
Arisa: Sigh, but I'm still beat~.
Arisa: ... Hey, what do you think you're doing with that camera?!
Saya: Hm? Well, this was a picture-perfect moment.
Arisa: Collapsing into the desk isn't what I'd call 'picture-perfect'.
Saya: That's not true. It's proof of how seriously you're taking your duties as a committee member.
Saya: And as the photographer, I couldn't possibly let such a scene go unrecorded.
Arisa: I-is that right...?
Saya: Uh-huh. Here, check out the picture I took.
Arisa: You're right... It does have a weird charm to it...
Saya: See~? Now, let's get another shot in!
Arisa: S-seriously?
Saya: Yes, seriously. Alright, get ready~. Just act like you were before.
Arisa: Huh? Huh? S-so, like this?
Saya: Hmmm, that's a little awkward~. I feel like that tired expression from before had a bit more of a satisfied look to it.
Arisa: ... H-how's this?
Saya: Ohhh, nice~. That's it, alright. Now just stand still~.
Saya: Okay, for the next one~... try facing the entrance, but then casually look this way.
Arisa: S-sure. How's this?
Saya: Nailed it~. Next, put your hand on your hip, then stick out your right foot...
Arisa: ... Hey, I'm starting to feel like a puppet under your control...
Saya: Nah, it's all in your head. Come on, keep going.
(Black cut)
Saya: Focus your eyes a bit more on the vase~... There. Just like that~.
Kasumi: We're back~! Hm...? Arisa, what are you doing?
Arisa: K-Kasumi?! Nothing, I was, uh...
Tae: Saya, were you doing something with Arisa?
Saya: Fufu, maybe. Putting that aside, would you three like your picture taken?
Kasumi: You know it~! Rimi-rin, O-Tae, get in here~.
Rimi: Fufu, Kasumi-chan, you're crushing me~.
Arisa: Thanks, Saya. You really saved me.
Saya: Fufu, consider it a reward for the nice shots you gave me.
Kasumi: Saya, hurry up~!
Saya: Coming~! Okay, get ready~. First, we'll go with~...


<A Record of Helpers>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Saya: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Saya: Are you taking a break? I just got done with some shopping.
Saya: There was a sale at the supermarket. Can't afford to miss out on that~.
Saya: Ah, so you heard about the joint sports festival, huh?
Saya: Yes, that's right~. We ran into some trouble along the way, but it ended up being a ton of fun.
Saya: Here... Let me show you some photos from the event!
Saya: Fufu, thank you very much. Yes, I did take these myself~.
Saya: I was in charge of photography on top of being a member of the festival committee. Juggling both wasn't easy, but it was totally worth it.
Saya: I was also able to focus on getting some good shots of my fellow committee members.
Saya: I mean, making sure things run smoothly is key to the success of big events like that, right?
Saya: That became all the more clear to me the other day. So I wanted to show everyone how hard the committee worked to make the event a success, even if it's just a little.
Saya: True~... Most of my pictures were of the staff helping out the players, preparing for the competition, and other on-the-job shots like that.
Saya: Although I did manage to sneak in a few pictures of us on break or when we were acting as referees... Fufu.
Saya: It's nothing. I just realized how many different kinds of pictures I took.
Saya: Some of the people noticed they were having their picture taken, but most of them just smiled...
Saya: Ah, Arisa didn't seem to like having her picture taken, though...
Saya: She took her duties very seriously, so a lot of my photos are actually of her.
Saya: When she saw that, she said that she didn't like the idea of others seeing her photo.
Saya: I don't see why she's so shy~. Nothing is cooler than seeing someone giving it their all for others.
Saya: Don't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Saya: ... Ah, my apologies. Here I am chatting away your entire break.
Saya: Thank you so much for taking the time to listen to my story.
Saya: I should be going now. Good luck with the rest of your work.
