1112_Saya Yamabuki_R2 White Chocolate Cornet

<Test of Endurance>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Thank you very much~!
Saya: The chocolate goods are selling really well. Maybe it's because we're nearing Valentine's Day. I better tell Dad later.
Saya: Umm, next up is... Oh, yeah. I better arrange that bread that just finished baking.
Saya: Fufu, usually at this hour, she comes to vis-
Moca: ... Oh. Heya, Saya~.
Saya: Ah, right on time. Welcome, Moca.
Moca: Oh? Did you know I was coming~?
Saya: Of course! You always come just as a batch of bread has finished baking.
Moca: Well, a Yamabuki Bakery enthusiast like me needs to know these things~.
Saya: Fufu, what are you talking about? Does that mean you know what was baked as well?
Moca: Indubitably~. Judging by the time and the aroma... It's gotta be melon buns~.
Saya: That's amazing, Moca! Spot on!
Moca: Heh heh heh~. At any rate, it smells great~.
Saya: Ahaha, the aroma is the best part of bread hot from the oven~.
Moca: The outside of the bun is crunchy and the inside is fluffy~. With a single bite, the sweetness spreads through your whole mouth~... Ah, I'm getting hungry just imagining it~.
Saya: ...
Saya: (After listening to Moca talk, even I'm starting to crave a melon bun...)
Saya: (... No, I'm not allowed to eat one. I'm giving up sweet things right now. I better be careful.)
Moca: Well then, I'll have these, please~.
Saya: Certainly...! Ah.
Saya: (A melon bun, apple Danish, red bean donut, and a cinnamon roll... What's more, underneath I see the Valentine's Day special...)
Moca: This limited Valentine's Day chocolate cornet is really yummy, don't you think?
Moca: The regular chocolate cornets are delicious, but these limited ones are somehow even richer~.
Moca: This chocolate cream in particular is so intensely concentrated that it almost bounces back when you touch it~. Yet it's not too sweet either~.
Moca: The bread that carries the cream is moist and chewy, and goes perfectly with the filling~.
Saya: (... Moca's review is making my stomach growl~...)
Saya: Ahaha, thank you. Dad was saying he's really proud of them.
Moca: Boy~, this exquisite balance can only be achieved by a true master of the craft~.
Saya: Fufu... I'll ring up the items then.
Saya: Great, you gave me the exact change. Thanks as always.
Moca: Thank you very much~. Fufu~, I'm looking forward to eating this~.
Saya: Phew... That was dangerous. Hearing Moca talk about pastries has made me want one.
Saya: Though, now that I think about it, this bakery is full of temptation...
Saya: (Ah... Drat. These pastries are even harder to ignore now...)
Saya: ...
Saya: I-I think I'll go and drink a glass of water to take my mind off of them~.
Saya: Yeah, that's a great idea. It's important to take breaks, after all.
Saya: ... Ah, a customer. Welcome~. Oh, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Yo. You're working again today, Saya?
Saya: You know it~. Ah, by the way, Moca was just here.
Tomoe: Just missed her, huh? That's a shame.
Tomoe: Oh well. Now, what should I buy today~?
Saya: Fufu, please take your time.
Tomoe: Hmm... Got it! I'll go with this!
Saya: Huh? A special limited chocolate cornet? You don't usually choose sweet things.
Tomoe: Yeah, but the other day Moca was wolfing down this chocolate cornet with the biggest grin on her face. Figured it'd be nice to eat this kinda thing every once in a while.
Tomoe: I've been feeling restless since the middle of class~. And now I finally get to try it.
Saya: (How lucky~... I wanna eat one too... No, I can't.)
Tomoe: Ah, I'll take one of these freshly baked melon buns as well.
Saya: (P-please stop~...!)


<A Different Kind of Experience>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Welcome.
Marina: Hello, Saya-chan. I see you're working hard again today!
Saya: Thank you. Are you two working at the moment?
Marina: We're on break right now. I could smell the nice aroma of freshly baked bread and decided to drop by.
Marina: Now that I'm here, I think I'll buy something to take with me... Ah! This white chocolate cornet looks delicious!
Saya: Really? That bread is actually my idea.
Saya: I originally made them for the Poppin'Party Valentine's party, but after Dad tried them, he decided to sell them in-store.
Marina: Oh, you don't say!
Marina: That reminds me, you avoided sweets as a band for this year's Valentine's Day, right?
Saya: Yeah, we did~. There were so many temptations, especially when I was here at the bakery... It was real tough holding back.
Marina: I can't imagine how hard it was being surrounded by these yummy-looking baked goods every day.
Saya: Well, we kept encouraging each other and somehow got through it.
Saya: In return for our effort, the chocolate we finally ate tasted exceptional.
Marina: Fufu, what a great Valentine's Day!
Saya: Yes! Because we resisted eating sweets this year, I got to experience a Valentine's party with a twist.
Saya: It's interesting how a small change can turn a normal event into something extra special.
Saya: I realized I could do the same thing in other situations. Like during concerts, or when I'm thinking up a new bakery item, or even when I'm taking photos with my camera!
Marina: Fufu, you might be onto something!
Saya: Ah, pardon me. I'm starting to ramble! At this rate, the bread that was just baked will get cold.
Marina: It's okay. Thanks for sharing your fun story! Well then, I'll take one of these white chocolate cornets.
Saya: Thank you very much! Then I'll wrap it up right away. If you don't mind, I'd love to hear your thoughts on it next time!
