1141_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Exciting Moments

Gacha phrase: Hey, as long as we're at it, why don't we take a group photo here?

<A Special Picture>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Poppin'Party: Cheers~!
Saya: Our concert was so intense today~!
Kasumi: Yeah! I was so happy, it felt like everyone onstage and in the crowd were on the same wavelength!
Rimi: My heart was racing so much~! There were people who came to see us for the first time, too.
Tae: And they all looked like they were having fun. I wonder if they were invited by some of our regulars.
Saya: Ah, I wondered that too! It'd be nice if that were the case.
Arisa: It'd be pretty amazing if our fans managed to connect with each other through our shows...
Kasumi: Right?! That's what "CiRCLING" is all about!
Arisa: Well, setting that aside for now... Kasumi!
Kasumi: Hm? What's up?
Arisa: When we were doing our encore, you dragged out the final part of "Double Rainbow" for way too long!
Arisa: Do you know how hard it is to match you when you do that? Really hard!
Kasumi: Ehehe~, I'm sorry. The fans were getting so into it~...
Rimi: Fufu. I thought you were going to finish it with that jump, but then you suddenly started running around and playing some more.
Rimi: I was surprised, but it was a lot of fun.
Tae: I thought so, too! Hopping around like that was great! I definitely broke my record.
Kasumi & Tae: Right?!
Arisa: Whoa, what record are we talking about here...? I mean, you were jumping around a lot, though.
Saya: Well, the fans seemed to like it. If we got to show them what a Poppin'Party show is, then don't you think that's a good thing?
Arisa: I-I guess...
Kasumi: At the time, all I could think was that I didn't want this moment to end! I didn't want to let it end!
Saya: I know how you feel. Even if I'm completely beat from drumming too much, I still want those moments to last forever.
Tae: Me too. But I think it's only because things end that we can look forward to next time.
Arisa: Whoa... O-Tae, you say some really good stuff every now and then, huh? If only you could've said it while we were onstage...
Tae: Got it, I'll start the show with that next time!
Arisa: No no no, why?! That's obviously a line you save for the end, right?!
Kasumi: Oh yeah! When we brought up the introduction corner during our show, everyone in the crowd was saying they saw it, right?!
Saya: Yeah! I heard people saying they left comments, too~. I wonder what they wrote.
Kasumi: Me too! Alright everyone, let's go take a look!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Wow~! Look at all the comments!
Rimi: Some people even drew little pictures of us! They're so cute~!
Tae: Ah, someone drew Oddie, too! And they got his back legs down perfect...!
Arisa: Huh... I was wondering if we were getting too full of ourselves with something like this, but it looks like everyone liked it, huh?
Kasumi: Marina-san said that the exhibition space was super packed! It feels so sparkling and heart-pounding when I see how many people left comments for us!
Tae: Yeah! I'm so glad we decided to do this!
Kasumi: Oh, that's right...! Hey, Saya, can we get to eating that bread we set out?
Saya: The exhibition's all over anyway, so it should be fine, but... Just hold on a second. Inside this paper bag we had on display... Ta-dah!
Rimi: It's bread~! I thought that bag was empty. Was it really full of bread this whole time?
Arisa: They're shaped pretty... uniquely, don't you think? ... Huh? Wait, this bread looks like a "G"... And this one looks like an "O"...
Kasumi: Oh, I figured it out! This is like the bread we made for Rimi-rin before!
Saya: That's right! If you line them all up... There~! I call it, ”Good Work Bread!"
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi & Arisa: Good Work Bread!
Saya: Arisa, you mentioned Go-Go Bread when we were talking about what to do for this corner, right? I figured as long as we were doing this, I might as well take the chance to make these.
Rimi: Wow, thank you! This reminds me of the birthday concert we did for Sis.
Saya: Ahaha, but I was the one doing the baking this time, so I'm betting the other bread probably tastes better.
Saya: Still, after hearing how much our bread means to you guys, I tried extra hard this time.
Kasumi: Saya~! Thank you! This brings back so many memories!
Tae: I want in on this hug too! Saya, thanks so much!
Saya: Whoa, ahaha! I'm gonna trip if you both come at me at once~!
Arisa: Even though you were already busy preparing for this corner, you still found time to bake us bread, too...
Arisa: Then again, I guess that's Saya for you, huh?
Rimi: Thank you, Saya-chan!
Saya: Fufu, you're welcome! Seeing all of your happy faces makes it all worth it.
Tae: You know, looking at Saya's bread, her pictures, and all this stuff here, the memories just keep coming and coming.
Arisa: Of course they do, that's why we've got all these items here in this intro corner.
Rimi: They're all special to us as Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Right! And we'll keep finding more things that are special to us together!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Okay!  Right!
Tae: Oh yeah, didn't we say we were going to take a group picture in front of this after our show?
Saya: We did, didn't we? Alright, we can use my camera.
Rimi: Ah, hold on a second! What if we all hold up the Good Work Bread for the picture?
Kasumi: I like that! Nice idea, Rimi-rin!
Arisa: Alright, got your bread, everyone? Okay, we're good, Saya.
Saya: Fufu, alright, here we go! Say cheese!
(White cut)


<Circle of Warmth>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Marina: Hi there, Saya-chan!
Saya: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, welcome! Are you here to pick up some lunch?
Marina: Yeah. We were just talking about how we were in the mood for your bread today.
Saya: Fufu, thank you very much. All the buns on that rack over there are freshly baked, by the way. I'd recommend any one of them.
Marina: Oh, nice! They all look so good~! Ah, the smell of bread fresh out of the oven is making me even hungrier~.
Marina: Oh yeah, Saya-chan. Good job with your show the other day! It felt like you were all moving as one, It was great!
Saya: Thanks! I'm sure everyone will be happy to hear that!
Marina: The show went over really well, but that introduction corner was super popular, too.
Marina: I saw a bunch of your fans all chatting with each other. It was an amazing success.
Saya: We were really surprised too! There were so many comments written in our comments corner.
Saya: They were all so nice. Reading them all was really encouraging.
Marina: That's proof of how much your fans love Poppin'Party!
Saya: Fufu, I'm so happy~. We've got the poster with all those comments on them hanging up in Arisa's basement now.
Saya: Every time I glance at it while we're practicing, I can't help but start smiling.
Saya: Even Arisa has been staring at it, too. I can see there's a smile in her eyes.
Marina: Fufu, that sounds like quite the heartwarming scene~.
Saya: Oh yeah, Marina-san,  {{userName}}-san, you two left comments too, right?
Marina: Oh, could you tell? We tried our best not to stand out much, considering we're staff and all.
Saya: "Thank you for always putting on wonderful shows for us! We're so happy to have been able to meet Poppin'Party!"
Marina: Y-you didn't have to memorize it, you know~!
Saya: Fufu, there's no way any of us could possibly forget. It was a really special moment for us when we saw what you two had written.
Saya: So we're all really fired up to make our next show even better than this one.
Marina: Oh, I'm looking forward to that~. You've got our hopes up, now!
Saya: We'll make sure we don't disappoint! ... Oh, sorry, I shouldn't be talking your ears off like this. You're here for lunch, after all.
Marina: Fufu, now that you've mentioned it, I suddenly feel really hungry again.
Marina: What should I get today~? The croquettes sound good, but I've got to get a chocolate cornet too~!
Saya: Take all the time you need. No matter what you get, it's sure to perk you right back up!
