1188_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Ah, yeah! Thanks, you guys!

<Sparkling Stars on My Wrist>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

All: Happy Birthday~!
Saya: Thanks! There's even cake and snacks... And so much too. This is a gorgeous party.
Kasumi: Fufu, I know, right~? But that's not all~.
Tae: Close your eyes and give me your arm, Saya.
Saya: Hmm? L-like this...?
Arisa: ... Alright, you can open your eyes now.
Saya: Wow, this is so cute~! It's a belt bracelet! And its got stars too!
Rimi: We actually all have bracelets just like that one. Let's wear them during our next concert!
Tae: Since it's a bracelet, you won't have to worry about it flying off when you're playing the drums.
Arisa: Don't tell me that was your reason for wanting to pick it...
Kasumi: Let's take a picture to celebrate the addition of another matching item! Oh, and we also need to take a picture when we do the concert!
Tae: Wait, Kasumi. We have to take a photo of the birthday girl first.
Saya: Matching bracelets with everyone... Fufufu.
Rimi: ...? Saya-chan, are you ready for your picture~?
Saya: Ah, yeah! Thanks, you guys!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Poppin'Party Bragging>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Saya: Phew~, now all I have to do is polish this window... Hmm?
Tomoe: Hey, Saya. Helping out at the bakery again?
Saya: Ah, Tomoe~. It's supposed to be my day off, but I couldn't resist.
Tomoe: You're such a hard worker~... Oh, that's an awesome bracelet you've got!
Saya: Oh, this? Fufu, it's the birthday present I got from my band. Everyone else has one too.
Saya: We talked about wearing them during our next concert, but I just couldn't wait to put mine on.
Tomoe: Matching bracelets, huh? Cool! Looks good on you too.
Saya: Fufu, thanks. We also have matching wristbands, but I'm still trying to figure out how to combine them~.
Saya: Since it's this kind of bracelet, I'm thinking maybe I could wear it on top of the wristband.
Tomoe: There you go again with your Poppin'Party bragging~.
Saya: Hey~, it's nothing like that.
Saya: Birthdays are kinda embarrassing when you're in the middle of one, but they fill you with so much joy when you look back at them.
Saya: I find myself replaying the things everyone did for me, and it makes me realize how much thought they put into all the preparing for my sake~.
Tomoe: I know what you mean. It makes you feel all warm inside.
Saya: Exactly. Wearing this bracelet reminds me of my birthday.
Saya: And it also brings back all the joy I felt that day and all the love I have for my band.
Saya: ... Oh, wait. Did that sound like more Poppin'Party bragging?
Tomoe: Yeah, totally.
Saya & Tomoe: Pfft... Ahaha!
Tomoe: I'm glad for you that you had such a great birthday!
Saya: Thanks, Tomoe! It really was the greatest birthday ever!
