1214_Saya Yamabuki_R2 Pleasant Vacation

<A Special Photo>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Fufu. Moca and Kokoro's poses in this picture were great~. I got a good shot of the sea too...
Moca: Yo~. Hey, am I the first one here~?
Saya: Ah, hi, Moca. Kokoro and the others should be here soon.
Moca: Oh, are those pictures from when we went out? Boy, you sure took a lot~.
Saya: I got some pretty good pictures. Let me know if you see any you want.
Kokoro: Saya~! We're here to see the pictures!
Rimi: Ah, Moca-chan. You were here already.
Sayo: Hello, Yamabuki-san.
Saya: Ah, hey girls!
Kokoro: Wow! There are so many great pictures! And the scenery you wanted to see was... this one!
Moca: Whoa~, it's beautiful~. You know, this might be better than the one in the photo book~.
Saya: Fufu. That's because we're all in it. This picture means a lot to me.
Rimi: When you look at these pictures, it makes you remember our adventure.
Sayo: It was thanks to Tsurumaki-san and Aoba-san that we were able to find that place.
Saya: It really was. We were walking around that mountain when, out of nowhere, Kokoro grabbed Moca and just took off... I didn't know what was going on.
Moca: Ah~, I don't think I've ever run so fast in my life~.
Kokoro: Ah, look here! The seagull is in the picture too! Thank you so much for helping us back there, seagull!
Rimi: Fufu. I hope someday you have a chance to thank them in person.
Rimi: This picture is when we were having lunch. The tunnel we came through to get here was so much fun.
Kokoro: You said it! It was super cool! It was so dark in there! I wanna go again!
Sayo: I-I think once was more than enough for me...
Moca: You know... We're all smiling in every picture Saya took of us~.
Rimi: Whenever Saya-chan pointed the camera at us, we just started smiling.
Sayo: Yes, you're right. We all look happy in every picture.
Kokoro: Amazing! Saya's a genius at making people smile!
Saya: You all are too much~. I just happened to get these pictures when you were smiling. That's all.
Saya: ... But it's really nice looking at these pictures with everyone and remembering all the things we did together.
Saya: I'm so happy we could make so many fun new memories. Thanks, girls.
Moca: It was nothing~.
Moca: Other than this spot, were there more places that you wanted to take pictures of?
Saya: Hmm, well~... I did see some gentian flowers in another photo book. They were really pretty.
Saya: It seems like that place was used in the manga that Moca said she likes. I think it has a chocolate store that Rimi-rin would like too.
Saya: There's supposed to be an amusement park nearby, so if Kokoro came, she'd have fun too. And at the next station over, I saw something Sayo-senpai might-
Saya: ... Ah, I guess I was just assuming all of you would go.
Moca: That sounds good to me. We should all go~.
Kokoro: Yeah! That trip sounds super fun!
Rimi: Yeah, I'd like to go somewhere with everyone again.
Sayo: I would like that too. Next time, I'll thoroughly plan our trip so Yamabuki-san can relax and enjoy taking pictures.
Saya: Girls...!
Saya: Thank you! Let's definitely go somewhere together again!
(White cut)


<Reason for Happiness>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Marina: Since we've finished shopping, I guess we should head back to CiRCLE. But with the weather this nice, it makes you want to go somewhere, doesn't it?
Marina: Huh? That girl walking over there is... Hey~, Saya-chan.
Saya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hi! Today's weather is really nice, isn't it?
Marina: Hi. You seem to be in good spirits today.
Saya: Fufu. Can you tell? I went on a little trip with a few of the girls recently. I'm happy because everyone really likes the pictures I took.
Marina: Ah, I heard about that trip from Kokoro-chan. You all had a really good time, didn't you?
Saya: Oh, it was incredible! The sunflower field we were looking for was so beautiful. When I close my eyes, I can still see it.
Saya: When I was worrying about whether to go or not, Moca, Kokoro, and Rimi-rin insisted we all go together. That made me so happy.
Marina: Yeah, it really helps when you have someone to push you to do things. How was the trip?
Saya: Well, when we were out there, we unexpectedly ran into Sayo-senpai, and she was a great help. I don't usually ask people for help like that, so it was kind of nice.
Saya: We went through this really scary tunnel, and Rimi-rin got really excited about it.
Saya: Rimi-rin and I both fell asleep on the train ride home. I think it was because we both had so much fun that day...
Marina: Fufu. It's unlike you to fall asleep. That just shows how much fun you had.
Saya: Maybe. I was just so overwhelmed with emotions when we were finally able to find the place I was looking for...
Saya: More than anything, though, I was just so glad everyone said that we should go and that we were able to see that place together.
Saya: More than taking a picture of that place, what I really wanted was to take a picture of us there.
Marina: Yeah! That sounds like something you'd want to do. You've got a wonderful hobby there.
Saya: I'm happy to hear that. I love taking pictures with Poppin'Party, but I want to capture fun moments with members of the other bands too.
Marina: Sounds good to me! When you get some new pictures, be sure to show us too.
Saya: I definitely will. Ah, sorry. I've just been going on and on about my stuff while you're working.
Marina: It's cool. We enjoyed hearing about your trip. Come tell us about the next one you go on, okay?
Saya: I will! Thanks for listening!
