1279_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Feelings in a Bottle

Gacha phrase: So maybe I was actually looking forward to this the most.

<Homework Extermination!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi, Rimi, Tae & Arisa: Huh, the beach?!
Saya: Yeah. Someone I know downtown runs a bed and breakfast near the sea.
Saya: Apparently they have a room open right now... So why don't we all go there this weekend?
Kasumi: Yes, yes! I wanna go to the beach with Poppin'Party~!
Rimi: I also... might like to go.
Tae: I wanna eat shaved ice at the beach! Lemon flavor would be nice. What about you, Arisa?
Arisa: Yeah, I don't mind going to the beach, but... Kasumi, didn't you say you haven't finished your summer homework yet?
Tae: She did too. Weren't you worrying about it when we all went to the music store the other day?
Rimi: Now that you mention it... I think I heard that too.
Kasumi: H-Huhhh~? D-did I...?
Arisa: Oi, oi, you've only got a few days until the end of the summer break, you know? Will you finish it on time if we go on a trip?
Kasumi: Hngh, well...
Saya: Hmm~...
Saya: There must be an easier way... Ah, I know.
Saya: Hey, Rimi-rin, O-Tae, have you two finished your homework?
Rimi: Yes. I finished mine last week.
Tae: I finished mine the other day.
Arisa: I see. So everyone except Kasumi has finished...
Saya: Then how about we do this?
Saya: We all help Kasumi finish her homework before the weekend. That way, we can all go to the beach.
Rimi: Wow, that is a great idea! Let's do it together.
Tae: I like it too! I'll help you do your homework, Kasumi!
Kasumi: Saya~! Rimi-rin~! O-Tae~! Thank you, everyone~!
Saya: So, Arisa? That'd be okay, right?
Arisa: Well, I guess... As long as you finish your homework before we go...
Kasumi: Okay! I will definitely finish it! Thank you, Arisa~!
Saya: Fufu, lucky you, Kasumi.
Arisa: Seriously... you're so soft on her, Saya...
Saya: Oh well. I'm sure the end goal of going to the beach will help her get through her homework faster.
Saya: Ah, that's right. If we're going to the beach, we'll have to prepare a lot of things.
Rimi: Yeah. We have to prepare things for staying the night. I wonder where I put my overnight bag.
Tae: If we're going to the beach, we'll need swimsuits too. And we have to take swim rings. I think I have one in my closet...
Rimi: Maybe I will buy a new swimsuit...
Kasumi: Ohh~! Good idea, Rimi-rin~! Maybe I'll buy a new one too then~♪
Arisa: Alright, alright, but first, do your homework. This'll all be for nothing if you don't finish it by this weekend.
Kasumi: Ngh... I'll do my best...!
Saya: Umm, I think I have a picnic blanket we can lay out on the sand at my house... Right, we have to look up the train schedule too.
Arisa: Ahh, I can do that.
Saya: You sure, Arisa?
Arisa: Yeah. And if we're gonna go, we might as well look up some information about the area, right? I'll look up maps and such online.
Saya: Thanks, Arisa. That would be a big help.
Arisa: It's nothing. Oh, we should also get some sunscreen and insect repellant. What else...?
Tae: Arisa, let's take a watermelon with us!
Arisa: You really like splitting watermelons, don't you, O-Tae?
Arisa: More importantly, wouldn't a beach ball be better? That way, everyone can play with it. And it's easier to carry.
Saya: Ohh~, nice thinking, Arisa. What a good idea.
Rimi: You are very thoughtful, Arisa-chan.
Kasumi: What~? So you are looking forward to this trip then, Arisa~?!
Arisa: N-not really...!
Saya: Fufu, anyway, let's work together to get Kasumi's homework done by this weekend so we can all go to the beach together!
Kasumi, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Yeah!
Saya: (Fufu, a beach vacation. I can't wait.)


<Photographing With Your Heart>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Saya: Fufu... Everyone looks like they're having fun in every photo.
Marina: Oh, Saya-chan. Hello. You look like you're enjoying yourself.
Saya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Actually, I was looking back at the photos we took the other day.
Marina: Huh, what kind of photos did you take?
Saya: A little while ago, all of Poppin'Party went on a trip together. The photos are from that time...
Marina: Show me, show me~... Ah! You all look like you're having so much fun. Fufu, you took so many.
Saya: We stayed there overnight, so I ended up taking a lot of photos. And everyone was so full of smiles, I couldn't help myself.
Marina: Everyone does look really happy in these~. Ah, this photo. You're all jumping in the sand dunes.
Saya: Yeah. Kasumi was like, "let's take a jumping photo!" ... So we took that.
Saya: We couldn't quite get the timing right and had to retake it a few times. Fufu, we got a few funny photos because of that.
Marina: I see, so it's the fruit of your efforts then. Tell me, what's with this photo where Arisa-chan looks like she's yelling?
Saya: This was from when we stayed up late at night playing games and Arisa got mad at us. She ended up joining us in the end, though.
Marina: I see. Fufu, they all look like so much fun~... Hm? In this photo, are you all riding an inflatable orca?
Saya: Yeah. We all got on its back and tried to paddle out to a giant rock, but... we flipped over into the sea halfway there.
Saya: We laughed about it though. Fufu... We really look like we're enjoying ourselves in every photo.
Marina: But hearing you talk about them, I feel like you were the one who had the most fun, Saya-chan.
Saya: Huh, you think so?
Marina: When you were talking, you kept looking at each and every photo like it was a precious treasure.
Saya: A treasure...? I suppose they are.
Saya: I guess that, whenever I go out with my family, I always want Jun and Sana to enjoy themselves.
Saya: I like doing this, of course. It makes me really happy to see them having fun.
Saya: But when I'm with Poppin'Party, I can honestly go after whatever I think is fun...
Saya: Meeting everyone in Poppin'Party and experiencing all sorts of joy with them might have made me realize this about myself.
Saya: It might've made me realize that I too like to have some excitement.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. Being able to thoroughly enjoy whatever you find fun is very important.
Marina: And I think experiencing things that you can only experience now with girls the same age as you is one of life's greatest treasures. Especially at your age, Saya-chan.
Saya: Yes... My memories with Kasumi and Poppin'Party are some of my greatest treasures.
Saya: I hope I can keep pursuing the things that excite me with all of Poppin'Party.
Marina: Yeah! I'm sure you girls will have lots of fun times together!
