1349_Saya Yamabuki_R3 Cheerful Cornet

<Celebrate With Cornets>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Hagumi: Good evening!
Saya: Welcome, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Wow! There's a boatload of chocolate cornets! Are they on special today?
Saya: No, these aren't for sale. I baked them to give to Rimi-rin as a present.
Hagumi: A present? Is Rimi-rin celebrating something?
Saya: Yep. So...
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Wowee~! The Poppin'Party members are taking turns to emcee? Boy, I wish I could try that!
Saya: Ah, that's a good idea. I think children would love your emceeing, Hagumi.
Hagumi: And I bet if Kaoru-kun emceed, the fans would go wild!
Saya: I'm sure Michelle could work the crowd by sharing some behind-the-scenes stories about Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: And although Kano-chan-senpai would probably be nervous, I know she'd say a lot anyway!
Saya: Fufu, Kanon-senpai always tries her best. She doesn't usually speak very much on stage, so there are bound to be lots of people who want to see her emcee.
Hagumi: Uh-huh! That being said, Rimi-rin sure is awesome for working to get better at something she struggles with~.
Saya: Yeah. Though, apparently, she's still not happy with her emcee skills.
Hagumi: Huh? Really?
Saya: She was watching a video of herself emceeing earlier and started agonizing over it...
Hagumi: Oh... Maybe she noticed something that was bugging her.
Saya: Hmm... She's improved a lot since she started practicing, though...
Hagumi: I think Rimi-rin should emcee in her own style. In a way that's cute, kind, and like a chocolate cornet!
Saya: Ahaha, yeah, you're right. It might be better for Rimi-rin to focus on being herself.
Hagumi: Does this mean she's still practicing in Aa-chan's basement?
Saya: No... She claimed she wanted to practice a phrase from our new song and went home early. I think she wants to avoid causing us trouble.
Hagumi: What?! Well, maybe I should go see her. I wanna cheer her up!
Saya: Hm... That thought crossed my mind as well... But I don't think it's necessary.
Hagumi: How come...?
Saya: I'm certain Rimi-rin has got what it takes to be an emcee she can be proud of at tomorrow's concert.
Saya: Rimi-rin has faced many dilemmas up until now but she's managed to overcome them every time. I've seen what she's capable of and that's why I'm able to trust her and be patient.
Saya: Not to mention, Kasumi went over there already to share some advice. I'm sure Kasumi will give Rimi-rin the encouragement she needs.
Hagumi: I see... Yeah, if Kaa-kun's there, it'll definitely be okay!
Saya: Yep. So I wanted to do what I could to help and decided to make all these chocolate cornets.
Saya: I'm going to bring them out after the show tomorrow to celebrate Rimi-rin's successful emceeing.
Hagumi: Do what you can... Yeah, that's the ticket!
Hagumi: I went through something similar once with Hello, Happy World! and in the end, I just did what I could and it all worked out!
Hagumi: I bet Rimi-rin will do great! And Kaa-kun will give good advice too!
Saya: Yep. In times like these, it's best to believe in them and sit back.
Hagumi: Well then, I'm gonna make a mountain of croquettes for Rimi-rin! You can give 'em to her with the chocolate cornets after the concert tomorrow!
Hagumi: Tell Rimi-rin it's a congratulations gift for all her hard work!
Saya: Sure. Thanks, Hagumi. I'm sure Rimi-rin would be happy.
Hagumi: Okay! I'm gonna tell my dad and we'll fill a giant bag with croquettes!
Saya: A giant bagful? Fufu, I doubt Rimi-rin can eat that much.
Hagumi: Don't worry! Croquettes are yummy no matter how many you eat!
Hagumi: Ah, but if Rimi-rin can't finish 'em by herself, please share 'em with all of Poppin'Party!
Saya: Thank you, Hagumi! That's sure to make everyone happy!


<Starting Small>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Saya: Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. I've booked Studio C. Can I head in yet?
Marina: Saya-chan, hello. You're here for solo practice, right? The room just opened up, so you're free to go in.
Marina: Ah, by the way, Saya-chan, the recent Poppin'Party concerts were a real hit with the audience. Changing the emcee for every show was a fresh idea.
Saya: Really? Fufu, I'm happy to hear that.
Marina: You and the others hadn't had the chance to emcee before, so both the new guests and the old fans alike seemed to really enjoy it.
Saya: It felt fresh for me too. Plus, it was fun hearing the others emcee for a change.
Saya: Rimi-rin's self-introduction in particular... really touched my heart.
Marina: Yeah! That self-introduction was a hot topic among the crowd. I almost teared up when I heard it.
Saya: Rimi-rin worked really hard in the lead-up to the show. I'm so happy she was able to connect with everyone.
Marina: I heard Rimi-chan did all kinds of emcee practice.
Saya: Yep. At first, she was training in secret, but Kasumi convinced her to let us help, and so she listened to our advice while trying different drills.
Marina: What kind of advice did you give her, Saya-chan?
Saya: I suggested she record a video of herself so she can review her technique. I do it sometimes for my drumming.
Saya: I told her if she analyses the video of herself speaking, it might help her improve faster.
Marina: Interesting. That's a great idea.
Saya: Rimi-rin also did vocal exercises in the park with O-Tae and read through her script with Arisa over and over again...
Saya: She really did give it everything she had.
Marina: I see. Perhaps Rimi-chan was able to do such a fabulous job emceeing because she put all of your ideas to good use.
Saya: Yeah, she took our different tips on board and conquered her problem. Seeing Rimi-rin grow like that... made her look really dependable.
Marina: Yes. Proactively getting feedback from others to improve your shortcomings isn't as easy as it looks.
Saya: I couldn't agree with you more. That's why I felt inspired to do the same.
Saya: I decided to practice a certain drum phrase I've been having trouble with.
Marina: I see. So that's why you're here practicing by yourself.
Saya: Yes. I'm going to start by identifying the issues with my playing so I can work on fixing them.
Saya: It might not be a big deal... but bit by bit, I want to overcome my weaknesses.
Saya: That way, my drumming will improve... and hopefully, I can then help my bandmates perform even more freely on stage.
Marina: Good point. A talented drummer gives their band a sense of stability.
Marina: Ah, but don't forget to enjoy yourself too, okay, Saya-chan?
Saya: Don't worry, I won't! Poppin'Party is all about sparkling together!
Marina: Fufu, good luck. I can't wait to see Poppin'Party sparkle even more!
