1369_Saya Yamabuki_R3 Hilarious Story

<The Mind of a Helper>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[The Day of the Hanasakigawa Community Festival]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Sports Field]

(White cut)
Saya: Yep, looks good♪
Saya: (... I was never able to meet up with Tomoe after all that. I hope she was able to clear up that misunderstanding with Rinko-senpai...)
Saya: (But Tomoe's a "hero," huh...? Fufu. That does sound a bit embarrassing, but it'd be okay for her to be more confident.)
Kasumi: Ah~! We found Saya~!
Saya: Kasumi, Rimi-rin! You came!
Kasumi: Yeah! We came to cheer on you and Arisa!
Rimi: Saya-chan, good job today. Here are some sweets as thanks for your hard work, so please have some if you'd like.
Saya: Wow~, thanks! I'll eat them with Arisa. Ah, I know. Since the two of you are here, let me take your photo!
Kasumi: Woo! Take a bunch~! Yay!
Rimi: Y-yay...!
(White cut)
Saya: Yep, those are some great smiles, you two. Thanks.
Rimi: Saya-chan, aren't you tired? Being photographer means it's your job to take photos of the entire event, right? That seems hard...
Saya: No, I'm okay. Arisa and Rinko-senpai are managing the event, so they're busy, but I'm just taking photos. Which is fun.
Rimi: I see. Well that's good~. If the photographer is having fun, I'm sure the people that get their photo taken will have fun too.
Kasumi: Right! It was fun when you took our photo before!
Kasumi: If you think about it that way, your camera must be loaded with fun moments from today's event! Whoa~! That's kind of incredible!
Saya: Fufu, you might be right.
Newspaper Student: Ah~, here you are, Yamabuki-san! When the newspaper club makes its event article, we'd like to use the photos you took as well... Would that be okay?
Saya: Of course. I think I took a lot of good photos, so by all means!
Hanasakigawa Student: Yamabuki-san~! Sorry, but could you help out with the bazaar a little after lunch?
Saya: Okay. I was just thinking about going to take some photos in the afternoon, so I'll help out while I'm at it.
Hanasakigawa Student: Thanks! You're a major help~! Alright, see you later!
Rimi & Kasumi: ...
Saya: Hm? What's wrong, you two?
Kasumi: ... Saya, you're amazing! You're not just taking pictures! It's like... you're a hard worker~!
Saya: Huh?! I am? Isn't this much pretty standard?
Little Girl: Ngh...! Mommy~...
Rimi: Huh? I wonder what's up with that girl. Think she's lost?
Saya: Yeah, probably. I'll go over to talk to her.
Saya: What's the matter? Did you get separated from your mom?
Little Girl: Sniff, sniff... Ngh... Yeah.
Saya: I see. Well, you're okay now. Because I'm here with you.
Saya: Let's go look for your mom together. Here, let's hold hands.
Saya: Ah, sorry. The two of you should go enjoy the event. I'll go and ask for a lost child announcement to be made.
Kasumi: That's okay! We'll go with you!
Rimi: Yeah! We came to cheer you on, after all.
Saya: Thanks, you two. Well then, let's all go together. I know! Hey, do you like to sing?
Little Girl: ... Yeah... I do...
Saya: Well then, how about we all sing something as we go?
Kasumi: Whoa~, nice! Let's all sing a song that will make things fun! I wonder what song would be good. Ah, hey, do you know this song?
(Black cut)
Saya: I'm glad that girl was able to meet her mom so soon. Thanks, you two~.
Kasumi: Saya... You're so cool!
Saya: Huh? What brings that on so suddenly?
Kasumi: I mean, you helped her without any hesitation! Right, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: Yeah! You were really cool when you started talking to that crying girl~.
Kasumi: Mhm! And that's not all! You handled that work from those newspaper club members so quickly!
Saya: Huh? I just did what was natural, so it was nothing major.
Kasumi: It was! You're not just a hard worker... You're the secret hero of the Hanasakigawa Community Festival!
Saya: I-I think that's a bit of an exaggeration...
Saya: (Ah, could Tomoe have felt this way too...? Ahaha... This really is a bit much...)
Kasumi: Sometimes she's a photographer, and sometimes she's a bakery poster girl. But in reality... she's the hero of the Hanasakigawa Community Festival! It's Saya Yamabuki!
Rimi: Yeah. You're a hero, Saya-chan.
Saya: Come on, you guys. I'm really not~.


<By Revealing the Truth>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Fufu, Arisa's expression here really is great~.
Marina: Hello, Saya-chan.
Saya: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Welcome!
Marina: You seem to be having a lot of fun. What photos were you looking at?
Saya: Recently, there was an event at Hanasakigawa, and these are the photos I took then. They all came out fairly good, I'm so glad.
Marina: Really~? Can I take a look too?
Saya: Of course. Ah, I recommend this photo right here.
Marina: Wow, Tomoe-chan has such a nice smile!
Saya: Yeah. We took this photo right before going home after cleanup for the event ended.
Saya: Ako and Rinko-senpai have such wonderful smiles too... Seeing them even makes me smile.
Marina: Mhm, the photo really shows that they enjoyed the event.
Saya: Right. The food from the booths was really good, and everyone was really impressed by the orchestra performance after seeing it in person...
Saya: ... Ah, but it might've been fairly hard for Tomoe and Rinko-senpai until partway through...
Marina: Oh really?
Saya: Yes. It seems that, until recently, Tomoe had quite the wrong idea about Rinko-senpai.
Saya: Ako's way of speaking was a bit over the top, so Tomoe pictured Rinko-senpai like some passionate protagonist of a battle manga.
Saya: When I heard about that, I was a little surprised... but then I thought that Tomoe had never really seen Rinko-senpai acting as student council president.
Marina: When people are at different schools, they have no idea how the other normally spends their time at school.
Marina: So were the two of them able to clear up the misunderstanding after that?
Saya: Yes. It seems like they've completely cleared things up. It made me realize that misunderstandings like this will be cleared up if you talk it out properly.
Marina: I see. I'm glad everything ended all right.
Saya: So am I. But it made me think that misunderstandings like that really can happen to anyone.
Saya: At times like that, I hope I can show my true self properly and respect the person in front of me like Tomoe and Rinko-senpai did.
Marina: Mhm, that's a lovely mindset to have.
Saya: Ah! I'm sorry, Marina-san. You came to buy some bread and I dragged you into a long conversation.
Marina: That's okay. If anything, it was fun for me to hear about that. If you take any more nice photos, I'd love it if you told me about them.
Saya: Sure. I'll make sure to tell you, so please come and visit!
