1489_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Bel Canto at Dawn

Gacha phrase: Guess we didn't have to look far for that brand new feeling, huh...?

<Morning Road, the Two of Us>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[Riverside]

Tae: Ah~, playing the guitar on the morning school field sure felt great.
Saya: You seriously surprised me. I had no idea where you were taking me so suddenly.
Tae: But didn't it feel nice for you too?
Saya: I won't deny I enjoyed it quite a bit, and I even got an image of the lyrics... I have a good feeling about how the song'll turn out now.
Tae: Can't wait to have everyone give it a listen.
Saya: All right, we should probably head back to change into our school uniforms.
Tae: Yeah. We did leave our bags and textbooks at home.
Saya: Ahaha... But I have to say, this all feels really new because I've never walked here this early in the morning.
Tae: Even though I come here for a run, it's the same for me. I'm usually not walking.
Saya: Ah, look at the way the river's glittering.
Tae: It's reflecting the sunlight. Hey! Do you think that's a fish over there?
Saya: A fish? Where?
Tae: Over there that way... See the glint?
Saya: You're right. Wow, it just jumped! Fufu, that was so pretty.
Saya: ... Hm? That girl who went by us goes to our school, doesn't she?
Tae: She had a shoe bag, so she's probably on one of the sports teams.
Saya: It's likely for morning practice then. I had no idea they practiced this early.
Saya: Fufu, even though this is the usual route we take to school, all these new things we're seeing make it feel like a completely different city.
Tae: Yeah, it feels kinda weird.
Saya: It does... Watching the sunrise is something I've always done through the bakery window, you know...?
Saya: I had no idea the world could become so different just by taking a tiny step outside.
Saya: So thanks for making it such a special morning.
Tae: I wanna thank you too. I do come here for a morning run sometimes, but spending time with you like this is a lot of fun.
Saya: Yeah. And walking here together might be why we've made so many new discoveries.
Saya: Ah, look at that flowerbed over there!
Tae: Hm? The flowerbed?
Saya: See the rock that's a part of it? Doesn't it resemble a rabbit?
Tae: Oh~, you're right! It looks just like Oddie!
Tae: Wow, Saya! You spotted something that looks like a rabbit before I did!
Saya: Fufu, it's probably also thanks to you.
Tae: But you just showed me something new, so it's my turn to say thanks!
Saya: You're welcome then.
Saya: ... Ah.
Tae: What is it?
Saya: I think I just came up with some new lyrics.
Saya: Adding them to the ones I thought of on the field should make the song even better!
Tae: Really?!
Saya: Yeah. They just suddenly popped into my head...
Saya: It really is like you said. Inspiration can come to you out of nowhere.
Tae: Right? They come and go as they please though, so you have to be ready to grab them when they do appear out of the blue asking to be your friend.
Saya: I need to hurry back home and finish up the song!
Tae: Let's race to your place then!
Saya: Ah, wait...! Fufu, wait for me~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<By Touching the Brightness>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Saya: Fufu, this photo turned out really well. Everyone's got such great looks on their faces.
Marina: Hi, Saya-chan. You seem to be having a good time. What're you looking at?
Saya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. I'm looking at a photo from this show we did with CHiSPA the other day.
Marina: Wow, you guys performed together?! How'd that happen?
Saya: Well, they asked us to write a song for them, and it was kind of their way of saying thanks.
Marina: I see. By the way, Poppin'Party's never written a song for another band, right?
Saya: Yeah, it was our first time, and I even got to work on the lyrics. It was a great experience.
Marina: Writing lyrics, huh? How'd everything go?
Saya: A lot happened along the way... but O-Tae was there, so it was pretty fun.
Saya: When I saw her composing, I could tell how much she loved music, so I didn't want to make any compromises either.
Marina: Fufu, Tae-chan's always so sincere when it comes to music.
Saya: She really is. We even went to school together to see the sunrise to help us with our song.
Marina: The sunrise?
Saya: Yeah. I'm usually helping out at the bakery at that hour, but she dragged me off to school that day.
Saya: The slight chill in the air, the quiet, empty school building... Even though I was so used to seeing it every day, it somehow felt brand new.
Marina: I see. Maybe that familiarity is what made the differences even more noticeable.
Saya: Anyway, I watched O-Tae as she played her heart out on that field with the morning sun shining down on her... And I realized just how free she was.
Saya: Nothing was holding her back. She was just playing the way she wanted to... It was almost like she was frolicking with the music.
Saya: She was shining so brightly, and this feeling that something new was about to be born kept growing and growing.
Saya: And as I watched the scene before me, this image of the lyrics started taking shape inside me.
Marina: Huh... Sounds like you got some pretty major inspiration for the lyrics from Tae-chan then.
Marina: I have to say, though, she's probably about the only person who'd come up with the idea of playing the guitar on a school field at dawn.
Saya: Definitely. I certainly never would've thought of it on my own. But I also realized something.
Saya: That sense of freedom I felt might not be something limited to just O-Tae.
Marina: Care to explain?
Saya: Going there was her unique idea for sure, but...
Saya: I feel like what I got to see that day is something anybody can see. It just requires looking at things from a different perspective from what you're used to.
Saya: Fufu, not that that realization makes me any less grateful to O-Tae for giving me the opportunity to see that, of course.
Marina: I see. I guess you could say your wonderful discovery is the result of you experiencing something a little different from what's usual for you.
Saya: Absolutely. And I have a feeling knowing the importance of different perspectives should help with our band activities, so I'll make sure I never forget.
Marina: Good idea. I can't wait to see what you and the rest of the girls are going to accomplish!
Saya: Me neither, but we'll do our best!
