1513_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Let's come up with some fun and delicious new bread~!

<New Bread after School>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Hey, let's do our special tradition~!
Tae: That special tradition, right? Fufu, okay.
Saya: What special tradition...?
Kasumi: Ta-da~! Time to trade parts of our lunches~!
Arisa: You could've just said that to begin with.
Rimi: Fufu, even though we do it all the time, it's a little more exciting this way.
Kasumi: Okay, Saya, since it's your birthday, you get to go first♪ Ah! You have cheese in your lunch again today!
Saya: Lately, I've really been into string cheese... I hadn't had any for a while, but then I ate some with my brother and sister, and now I can't stop eating it~.
Saya: You know, I just love how you can peel it. There's something so satisfying about peeling those perfectly long, thin strips off, you know?
Kasumi: Totally~♪ I really like how the pieces come right off!
Saya: Fufu, it's addicting, right~? I was thinking maybe I could make a new type of bread like that.
Kasumi: Oh. Ah! What if when you picked off a piece of it, there was a different filling inside?
Tae: The first piece you pull off could be chocolate bread... The next, cheese bread... And the third piece, melon bread!
Saya: It might be a little hard to make bread with both cheese and chocolate inside... But other flavors could work!
Rimi: That kind of bread sounds like it would be really fun to eat.
Kasumi: I think if we made it together, it would be even more fun~!
Arisa: We can't do that today! We've got Saya's birthday party, remember?
Kasumi: I know, but~... Saya, what if we made some special birthday bread?
Saya: Fufu, sure. We can make bread at my birthday party, okay? Let's come up with some fun and delicious new bread~!
Kasumi: Yay~! There's so much for us to do~! I can't wait for school to end~!


<Zoo Bread of Smiles>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Saya: I think I'm really early today. Maybe I'm the first one in class~.
Kokoro: Oh, Saya! G'morning~!
Saya: Morning~, Kokoro. You're here early today.
Kokoro: Yep. I was chasing after the little birdies that woke me up, and before I knew it, I was at school!
Kokoro: I bet the birds came to wake me up so I wouldn't be late for school!
Saya: You were running after birds this morning? You must be tired.
Kokoro: By the way, your birthday was recently, right? Happy birthday! Rimi told me your birthday party was sooo much fun!
Saya: Thanks. My birthday party was a ton of fun. We ate cake, and I got presents, and... Oh, we made bread too.
Kokoro: You all made bread at your birthday party? That's so nice!
Saya: Lately, I just can't stop eating string cheese... When I told the others I'd been thinking of making a new type of bread like it, they said they wanted to make it together.
Kokoro: What's string cheese? Never heard of that before, but I like the name! It kinda makes me wanna smile!
Saya: R-really? It's cheese like this. Do you know it?
Kokoro: Oh, stick cheese!
Saya: It looks like a stick, but when you pull on it... See? You can peel a nice long thin piece of it.
Kokoro: Wow! Did you use magic or something just now, Saya?
Saya: Fufufu, I don't think it was magic~. The trick to getting a nice piece is to peel slowly, so you don't tear the cheese.
Kokoro: You're amazing! I wanna try too!
Saya: Fufufu, great. I brought a bunch with me. Would you like one?
Kokoro: Thanks, Saya! Mmm~, it's so much fun!
Kokoro: A bread like this cheese sounds exciting! I wanna eat it right now!
Saya: I'm working hard to create one now. I hope you'll try it when it comes out.
Saya: I'm thinking of making a bread that has chocolate, cheese, and jam in it. I wonder what other kinds of fillings could be good~.
Kokoro: Well~, I'd be super happy if giraffes and elephants came out!
Saya: Giraffes and elephants, huh~...? Maybe I could make that work if I put animal cookies in the bread!
Kokoro: And I'd be surprised if I saw Michelle come out too!
Saya: Yeah, that sounds really fun! It'd be a bread with zoo animals inside!
Kokoro: Zoo animal bread! That's great! People would definitely smile if they ate bread like that!
Saya: Fufu, that would be nice. Okay, I'm going to try to make some bread like that!
Kokoro: I just love your smile right now! Zoo animal bread is amazing! It even makes the person making it smile!
Kokoro: Mmm~, I've gotta go tell the rest of Hello, Happy World!
Saya: Ah, she's gone... Fufu, she sure has a lot of energy in the morning~.
