1540_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Waving at the Sun

Gacha phrase: The morning glories are blooming...

<Morning Glories... Pt. 1>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Yamabuki Bakery - Entrance]

Saya: ... Ah.
Saya: The morning glories are blooming...
Saya: (Jun and Sana will probably make a fuss about not getting to see them. I know, I'll take some pictures.)
Saya: Mmm~...! Alright, I should go help out at the bakery...
Saya: Oh, Mom?! Did you hear me talking to myself?
Saya: ... Really? I don't have to help today?
Saya: Ah, okay... I guess I'll go somewhere then.
(Black cut)

[Downtown]

Saya: ... I know what she said, but...
Saya: (It's not like I have band practice, either, so I was planning to help instead... What to do now...)
Saya: (Even though I stepped out because staying home seemed like a waste, I can't think of anywhere to go...)
Saya: Hmm...
???: Ah, Saya-chan! Good morning!
Saya: Morning, Tsugu. About to open the café?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm. It's a day off, so a lot of customers come over for our breakfast.
Saya: Breakfast, huh...? I did eat already, but morning coffee could be nice. It's not something I do all that often, either.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Then I guess I should be saying "Welcome to Hazawa Coffee!"
Tsugumi: Please have a seat right here. I take it you want the coffee blend? I'll have it ready for you right away.
Saya: Yup, thanks. I was having trouble figuring out what to do, so I'm really glad you said hi.
Tsugumi: Oh, by the way, what were you up to just now?
Saya: Hm?
Tsugumi: You're usually busy with band practice or helping out at your place when it's your day off.
Tsugumi: Although, now that I think about it, I am pretty guilty of those things too.
Saya: Ahaha... You know me too well. I was going to do the latter, but my mom said there's no need to today.
Saya: She said I should take a break because I've been helping out too much. I was thinking about what to do when you happened to say hi.
Tsugumi: I see...
Tsugumi: Fufu, I know what you're going through. Unannounced free time can be a bit of a headache.
Saya: Tell me about it. When I know beforehand, it's easy enough to make other plans, but when it's a surprise...
Saya: And being told I'm supposed to rest doesn't make it any easier...
Tsugumi: Definitely. I also occasionally get told to take time off because I've worked too much, but doing nothing is just so difficult.
Tsugumi: Free days can sometimes make me even more tired because I end up trying way too hard to figure out what to do...
Saya: I know, right?
Tsugumi: Fufu, we might actually be pretty similar.
Saya: Ahaha, yeah... But even though I'm like this, they let me be.
Tsugumi: They?
Saya: My bandmates. I'm not really the type to bring up things I want to do, so I tend to just go along with everyone else's plans.
Saya: They all still accept me though. Not only that, but when I do find something I want to do, they give me their full support.
Saya: ... That's what makes being with them so comfortable.
Tsugumi: I see...
Tsugumi: ... Yes, I think I know the feeling.
Saya: Ah, looks like somebody's doing some reminiscing~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, mm-hmm!
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa-
Tsugumi: Ah, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Hi~! Oh, Saya! Hi to you too~!
Saya: Morning, Hagumi. Energetic as always, I see.
Hagumi: Yup! I'm gonna hang out with Kokoron and everyone, but I left the house too early 'cause I'm so excited!
Hagumi: That's why I came over to chat with Tsugu. I didn't expect to also run into you, though, Saya. Lucky me!
Hagumi: So, what were you two talking about? Tell me, tell me!
Saya & Tsugumi: ...
Saya: We were just saying there are all kinds of people out there.
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm, and also how that's what makes being with others so fun.


<Morning Glories... Pt. 2>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Hagumi: ... And that was when Kano-chan-senpai...
Saya: Oh, interesting...
Hagumi: And then Michelle...!
Saya: Huh, so what happened next?
Saya: ... Ahaha. Hello, Happy World! really never has a dull moment.
Hagumi: Yeah! It's always so fun with everyone! And I've still got a bunch of stuff I want to tell you about~!
Hagumi: ... Oh, but I've been doing all the talking this whole time, haven't I...?
Saya: Hm? It's okay, I don't mind...
Hagumi: Thanks for listening to all my stories, Saya!
Saya: ... Anytime.
Saya: That said, I should thank you for putting me in such a good mood. I've been so preoccupied this morning with trying to figure out what to do today.
Saya: Ah, I should thank Tsugu as well.
Hagumi: You're wondering what to do...?
Saya: Uh-huh. My plan of helping out at the bakery fell through, so I found myself coming this way while thinking about things to do.
Saya: That's when Tsugu said hi, and I stopped by for coffee.
Hagumi: Oh... okay...
Saya: ... I'm guessing you don't have that problem because you always have so much you want to do.
Hagumi: Yeah! That's why it always gets dark before I know it.
Saya: Fufu, looks like I was right.
Hagumi: Hmm... Oh, I know! If you can't find something you want to do, you just have to go looking!
Saya: Go looking?
Hagumi: Yeah! If you go to where there's fun stuff, I'm sure you'll find something fun!
Hagumi: Maybe that's why you came here to where Tsugu is.
Saya: Why I came here...
Saya: Huh, that could be it.
Hagumi: I'm sure it is!
Saya: Looks like I've stayed a bit too long though. It's getting pretty crowded.
Hagumi: Oh, wow! Maybe these are the late breakfast people and the lunch people.
Hagumi: Ah, it's almost time to meet up with everyone!
Saya: Let's go then. I still need to figure out what to do now though.
Hagumi: Why don't you just invite O-Tae and everyone?
Saya: Uh, me invite them? I don't know. I'm not really good at that.
Hagumi: But once you start having a good time together, I'm sure you'll be glad you did!
Saya: Y-you think so...?
Hagumi: Yeah! You should totally go find some fun stuff!
Hagumi: Ah, Tsugu! That was super yummy! And good luck with helping out~!
Hagumi: I'll be going now! Bye!
Saya: Okay, take care.
Saya: Hmm~...
Saya: (Yeah... If I try messaging everyone, I'll probably get stuck trying to figure out what to write and end up not sending anything...)
Saya: ... Alright.
Saya: ... Ah, Kasumi? Yeah, it's me.
Saya: ... The morning glories at my place were blooming...
Saya: ... So, I was wondering, if you happen to be free today...
(White cut)
(Background change)
