1673_Saya Yamabuki_R4 The Blue Sky That Day

Gacha phrase: How can I not?! We're family!

<The Magic of Celebration>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: It's done~!
Arisa: The lyrics turned out pretty nice, huh?
Rimi: Fufufu, they've become super good now.
Tae: I like this part. It feels like having a whole bunch of lights to pick from and managing to find the one that's perfect for you!
Saya: Me too. That's one of my favorites. It kind of makes me want to move forward.
Rimi: You really are incredible, though, Kasumi-chan. You managed to take our words and put them together to create a song.
Kasumi: Ehehe~. It wasn't just me though. We did it together! Right, Saya?
Saya: Yeah! This wouldn't have been possible without everyone's words!
Kasumi: Alright~, let's celebrate then!
Saya: Nice, a celebration for finishing the lyrics!
Kasumi: That's part of it~... but it's more of a celebration for you figuring out what you plan to do after graduation, Saya!
Saya: Seriously?! For me?
Arisa: Technically, it's to celebrate you submitting your future plans sheet.
Saya: I really appreciate it... but are you guys sure?
Rimi: Of course. We're all really happy you've decided what you want to do after graduating. It's such a relief that you managed to take a new step forward.
Tae: Yeah, Saya, so don't feel bad.
Saya: ... Alright. In that case, I guess I'm down.
Kasumi: Great! I brought a whole bunch of snacks just for today~!
Arisa: There's some more over here too~. I stocked up because I figured we'd eat during basement practice.
Rimi: Wow! Chocolate, chips, cookies, and even gummies! They all look super good!
Saya: They sure do. Are we going to be able to finish all of this though?
Tae: I know we can! There's nothing we can't do!
Arisa: Talk about wasting such an inspiring statement on eating snacks... Anyway, I'm gonna go grab the drinks.
Saya: Thanks, Arisa. Want a hand?
Kasumi: Er, no! Not you, Saya!
Saya: Uh, why?
Kasumi: B-because~... um~... you know~...
Rimi: Uh... because this celebration is for you. We want you to relax.
Tae: Mm-hmm. You're today's star, after all, Saya.
Arisa: Exactly. And it's not like it's a big deal. I can bring the drinks on my own.
Saya: Well, since you all insist... I guess I will sit back and relax. Thanks, fufu.
Tae: Saya, allow me to cast a celebratory spell on you before Arisa comes back.
Kasumi: A-a celebratory spell?! I wonder what that's going to be like~! Can't wait to find out~!
Tae: Once you fall under this spell, something that brings happiness will happen to you. O-Tae the Sorceress is never wrong.
Tae: You are getting sleepy... very sleepy~.
Rimi: Fufufu, this seems more like hypnosis than magic.
Saya: Ahaha, yeah. I think I actually am getting sleepy though.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Yawn~... Me too~...
Tae: I think I've fallen under my own spell...
Arisa: Hey, stay awake, you two.
Kasumi: Arisa, Arisa! Did you get everything?
Arisa: Yeah. Let me put them down here.
Saya: Hey, O-Tae, how long is the spell supposed to keep me asleep? Sounds like Arisa's back already~...
Tae: ... You've slept long enough! Three, two, one... Arise, Saya.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Wow! There's all this stuff on the table...!
Kasumi: Ta-dah~! Cakes for the celebration~!
Saya: Layer cake, chocolate cake... and cheesecake too...! What's with all of this?!
Rimi: We went to buy them before you showed up.
Kasumi: We thought you'd be way, way happier if there was cake~!
Arisa: Although it did mean I had to sweat bullets 'cause Kasumi looked like she could accidentally blow our secret at any moment.
Kasumi: What~?! But I didn't reveal anything!
Arisa: You were all shifty-eyed when Saya offered to help get the drinks...
Kasumi: Ehehe~, I was~?
Saya: Fufu. So that's why all of you seemed nervous earlier.
Saya: Thanks so much for this though! I really appreciate it!
Kasumi: Yay~! Our surprise worked~☆ Let's start celebrating then!
Arisa: Yeah. Saya, go right ahead and pick your cake first.
Saya: Oh, are you sure? But...
Rimi: Pick whichever one you like.
Tae: Yeah, you're today's star. Pick the one you want the most.
Saya: Alright! Then... I'll go with this one!


<The Most Exciting Path>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Residential Area]

Saya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi. Shopping today?
Marina: Hi, Saya-chan. Mm-hmm, we're on our way back from a shopping run.
Marina: You seem to be in a good mood today. Did something nice happen?
Saya: Fufu, is it that obvious? I'm actually on my way to Arisa's basement. I'm looking forward to finally getting some really good practice in.
Marina: I see. I can see why you'd be so excited then. Have you been busy lately?
Saya: No, it's just been hard to find the time to get together for practice lately because of parent-teacher-student conferences at school.
Marina: Oh, conferences. It must be a tough time now because you're all on your way to becoming third-years.
Saya: Yes. And actually... until just recently, I totally had my hands full trying to figure out what I wanted to do after graduating.
Marina: I see. Well, it's completely understandable. It's an important decision that affects your future.
Saya: In my case, since I had my family situation to consider, I had a lot to think about...
Saya: The other day, I finally told my dad my decision, but that ended with me storming out of the house.
Marina: Really? Were you okay?
Saya: Well... We had a bit of a fight.
Saya: I happened to bump into Rimi, who was on her way home from cram school, and I ended up spending the night at her place.
Marina: At least you had company. Being alone in that kind of situation can make you feel like you've got nowhere to turn to.
Saya: That's exactly why I was so grateful to Rimi-rin. She was so nice to me too.
Saya: There was also this time when I was alone at the park trying to figure things out, and she got worried and called. All the kindness she showed me helped a lot.
Marina: I'd imagine. It's great to have people who are willing to be there for you.
Saya: It really is. Everyone else in the band was looking out for me too...
Saya: They even wrote me some lyrics.
Saya: Although the lyrics were incomplete, I could tell just how much everyone cared about me...
Saya: All these memories of our time together in the band and how they helped me develop a positive outlook just came flooding back to me.
Saya: Looking back at the last two years made me think that the time had come for me to be the one to take a step forward.
Saya: And that's how I was able to arrive at the decision to tell my dad how I felt even though I didn't have a clear picture yet.
Marina: I see. Sounds like everyone's feelings ended up lending you a lot of support.
Saya: For sure. Once I told my dad how I felt, I was able to see clearly and think more positively.
Saya: I realized that the first step toward my own future was to be honest and talk about the giant mess of thoughts I'd been wrestling with alone.
Marina: It sounds like that one step you took is going to be very significant for you going forward.
Saya: That said, all I've done is decide to continue my education. I still have no clue what I want to do...
Saya: But I'm going to try to be more honest with myself from now on and step out of my little corner and see what else the rest of this huge world has to offer.
Saya: Even if the paths before me are so dark that I can't see ahead, I'm hoping I can trial-and-error my way toward the path that excites me the most.
Marina: Fufufu. I hope you can continue treasuring that feeling.
Saya: Ah, it's almost time for practice. I should go... Thank you for listening!
