1729_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Helping Create Sound

Gacha phrase: I'm so glad I worked up the courage to take that first step.

<Changing Sound, Unchanging Sound>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Maya Yamato)

Saya: Phew... How was my playing just now, Maya-san?
Maya: Very nice! Your rhythm was more accurate than before too.
Saya: Thank you very much! I'm so glad I decided to come to you for advice.
Saya: I really appreciate you helping me with my solo practice despite being so busy, by the way!
Maya: No problem! I happened to want to get some practice on my own anyway, so don't worry!
Maya: Besides, watching another person play can be quite informative, and you being such a quick study keeps me on my toes!
Saya: Fufu, hearing you say that gives me confidence. Our new song this time contains a lot of difficult phrases, so I've been wanting to get a good grip on them.
Maya: I see... By the way, Yamabuki-san, your sound seems to have changed somewhat.
Saya: Oh, it has?
Maya: Yes, it feels more assertive than before.
Maya: It's always had excellent stability, but now, there's this energy to it. It's like it wants to move forward.
Maya: Have you had a change of heart maybe? Instruments like drums that produce sound from the performer as is have a tendency to be impacted by a performer's emotions.
Saya: Maya-san, you really are incredible.
Saya: You see... I've been enjoying each day so much ever since I started working part-time.
Maya: Oh~, your job at RiNG! Nice~. Getting to work while being surrounded by equipment and music must be fun.
Saya: Exactly! I get to learn so many things I never knew, like better drum mic placement setups.
Saya: But most of all, I feel like my world is expanding because I get to meet people who are involved with music in so many different ways.
Maya: True. I imagine there are a lot of new discoveries to be made when you're helping people make music instead of making music yourself.
Saya: Yeah. I feel like I get to absorb new values and perspectives at work every day.
Saya: Before starting out, I was nervous and unsure if I could do a good job, but now I'm really glad I started working at RiNG.
Maya: Fufu, it looks like your sound will continue changing even more then.
Saya: By the way, Maya-san, your sound also seems to have changed a bit.
Maya: Really?
Saya: It seems more mature. Calm but powerful at the same time... Like it's more dependable now.
Saya: Have you had a change of heart yourself maybe?
Maya: Hmm... Well, my environment has changed now that I'm a college student, and my bandmates are also a constant source of stimulation.
Maya: Hina-san's stories are fascinating as always, and so are Aya-san's and Chisato-san's since they go to Yotsuba. I'm surprised by just how different colleges can be.
Saya: Hearing stories about college from you and everyone else is really exciting for me too.
Maya: Huhehe... Well, that makes sharing them worthwhile. I really enjoy hearing about how things are as third-years for all of you as well.
Maya: I heard from Eve-san that Ichigaya-san is working very hard as the vice president.
Saya: She definitely is. She's so focused on getting everything ready for the student assembly at the end of the week.
Maya: I can just see her doing her best to make it a good assembly.
Saya: As for Rimi-rin, she's studying until late because of cram school... And O-Tae's getting to learn how to do repairs at the music shop, so she's always excited to go to work.
Maya: Huh~, instrument repairs! Nice!
Maya: Knowing more about repairing also naturally helps you produce better sounds too. I can't wait to see how Tae-san's guitar will sound going forward.
Saya: Kasumi also seems to enjoy working at RiNG... Fufu, I have to keep reminding her to check her shift schedule because she sometimes goes to work too early.
Maya: Now sounds like a very fulfilling time for Poppin'Party!
Saya: It really is. Although, it has meant we don't get to spend as much time as before getting together for practice.
Saya: I actually find my thoughts drifting to us whenever I'm on my way home after work, lying in bed, and even when I'm alone.
Saya: Being unable to see each other as much now makes me realize how lucky we used to be, and from now on, I feel I should make the most of the time we do get together.
Maya: Becoming busy does make the time you get to spend with everyone precious.
Saya: Yeah, but being busy like this is also what makes me realize again just how much I care about our band...
Saya: And no matter what happens or how much things change, that feeling will always remain.
Maya: I'd say you're right. Despite all the new changes to my life, Pastel＊Palettes remains just as dear to me as it always has.
Saya: I want to be able to cherish both the things that are changing and the things that have stayed the same...
Maya: Yes. The experiences we have are what make our sound evolve... And bringing those sounds together to form music, is what a band does! That's why it's so fun!
Maya: Let's both keep doing our best!
Saya: Of course!
Saya: ... Oh, looks like it's almost time to leave the studio...
Maya: Yes... Time really does fly when you're having fun.
Saya: ... Um, Maya-san! If it's okay with you, do you think I can ask for a bit of an extension?
Saya: I want our first show at RiNG to be a success no matter what, so I'd like to learn more from you...
Maya: Sure! I'll gladly stick around if you think I'll be useful!
Saya: Thank you so much! So, about this next phrase...


<Forward, Further Forward>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Residential Area]

Saya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi!
Marina: Heya, Saya-chan. I take it school just ended.
Saya: Mm-hmm. I'm on my way to work now.
Marina: So, have you gotten used to working at RiNG?
Saya: I initially felt a bit lost, but I'm starting to be given more responsibilities now.
Marina: Ririko-san was really praising you. She said you're a quick study and good with customers.
Saya: Fufu, I'm glad helping out at home turned out to be at least somewhat useful.
Marina: You know, when I first heard you were going to work at a live house, I was pretty surprised.
Saya: Well, I was a nervous wreck on day one because I'd only ever helped out at our bakery.
Saya: Once I actually started working, though, everything turned out to be so exciting...
Saya: I always discover something new at work. It kind of makes me feel like I'm getting to see a new side of myself.
Marina: Nice! Work can be stimulating in a lot of ways because it lets you experience a different world from that of school.
Saya: Yeah! It feels like I'm starting to see things that I couldn't before. That feeling of broadening my horizons is so exciting!
Saya: I'm really glad I gathered up the courage to take that first step...
Marina: Fufufu, that might be why the sound from your drums during the show the other day felt so lively.
Saya: Really?
Marina: Uh-huh. Just listening was invigorating.
Saya: Thanks so much! I had a good feeling about the show, so it means a lot to hear that from you.
Marina: You also sounded more assertive, like there was this force inside you wanting to go forward. I've got a good feeling about your next show now!
Saya: I couldn't calm down after that show... so I ended up telling Kasumi and everyone that I wanted to do another one immediately.
Marina: Oh~, you were on fire!
Saya: Yeah! That's why we've already scheduled a show at RiNG, even though it won't be for a while.
Marina: I see. But you know...
Saya: ...?
Marina: It's kind of going to be lonely if you girls start doing all your concerts at RiNG~. Right, {{userName}}-san?
Saya: Oh, don't worry. We still plan to perform a lot at CiRCLE too! It's a live house that has a truly special place in our hearts, after all!
Marina: Fufu, thanks. Don't worry about it though. For a band, it's best to play when and where you want.
Saya: No, but we really do love CiRCLE, so... We'll be sure to find a good day to do a show, and when we do, I hope we can count on your help!
Marina: Sure! You're welcome anytime. Oh, sorry for keeping you from work.
Saya: It's alright. It was actually nice to have both of you listen! Anyway, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you again at CiRCLE!
Marina: Yeah! Good luck with work. We'll be wishing you the best!
