1752_Saya Yamabuki_R5 This Might Look Cute♪

Gacha phrase: The answer is~... "Shut Away in Summer"!

<Feelings and Accessories Pt. 1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Accessory Shop]

Saya: ... Ah, these hair clips are cute. Hmm~, they're shaped like stars. These are nice~.
Saya: I think Kasumi has some like this. I thought they were really cute when I saw her wearing them~.
Saya: They looked so good on her then. I think everybody in Poppin'Party was wearing hair clips for a while after that... Fufu.
Saya: Ah, these scrunchies over here are cute too. I don't have any with this kind of design. Maybe I'll get one.
Saya: ... But before I do, I'll see how I look with this in the mirror.
Saya: ... Fufu, I think this might look cute on me.
Saya: Now, I'll try that hair clip too... Yeah, I like how I look with these~.
Saya: Maybe I'll try some other hair clips and scrunchies together too...
???: Stare~...
Saya: This scrunchie is nice too. But maybe it's a little too grownup-looking...
???: Stare~...
Saya: A scrunchie with these colors might actually look good on m- Hrm?
Saya: (It kind of feels like somebody's looking at me...)
Saya: K-Kasumi and Rimi-rin?!
Kasumi: Hiya~, Saya!
Rimi: I didn't think we'd run into you here.
Saya: If you knew it was me, you should've said something.
Kasumi: You looked like you were having fun, so we didn't wanna interrupt.
Rimi: The star hair clip looked really nice on you.
Saya: Huh?
Kasumi: You said it might look cute on you, but it looked suuuper cute on you~!
Saya: ...!
Saya: S-so you saw that, huh? Ahaha, I can't believe you were watching me...
Rimi: Fufufu. I love the accessories you're wearing today.
Kasumi: You have so many cute accessories!
Saya: Ah, yeah... I like hair accessories. Whenever I find a cute one, I want to get it right away.
Kasumi: I know what you mean~! If you have a bunch of different ones, then you have fun looking nice every day!
Rimi: I think, "What kind of accessory is Saya-chan wearing today?" Maybe that's the first thing I look for when I see you.
Kasumi: Get out! Rimi-rin, I do that too~! It's fun because you can tell how Saya's feeling by the hair accessories she's wearing~!
Saya: What?! You guys check that?
Rimi: When you're all fired up, you wear accessories like your red ribbon.
Kasumi: When you're happy, you wear yellow and orange accessories!
Rimi: That's right. When you're worried about something, you wear accessories with simple designs and softer, cooler colors.
Saya: No way~. I had no idea. But now that you mention it, maybe you're right...
Saya: When you talk about things about me that even I haven't noticed... it's a little embarrassing.
Rimi: Fufu, that's because we pay close attention to what you do.
Rimi: A while back, there was a scrunchie that Kasumi-chan said looked nice on you... I remember you used to wear that a lot.
Kasumi: Huh? Really?!
Saya: Well~, that's because, umm...
Kasumi: Awww~! Saya~!
Saya: Ahh...! What's wrong, Kasumi?
Kasumi: You know~! I didn't think you'd do something so nice just because of little ol' me~!
Saya: Argh~, you scared me giving me a hug like that.
Saya: That scrunchie was already one of my favorites...
Saya: But I was happy when you told me you liked it. So, I, uh... guess I wore it for a while...
Rimi: It's nice when someone compliments something you like to wear.
Kasumi: Since we're here, maybe I'll look for something at this shop that I'd really like too~.
Saya: Ah, okay... That'd be nice. This shop has a lot of great accessories. It might just be the perfect place to look for hair accessories.
Kasumi: Then, why don't the three of us look around? Ah! Maybe you could pick something out for me♪
Rimi: I think I'd like you to choose something that'd look nice on me too.
Saya: Fufu, no problem. Okay, let's see what we can find.


<Feelings and Accessories Pt. 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Accessory Shop]

Saya: I've narrowed it down to two hair accessories that I like, but I'm not sure which one to get...
Kasumi: Show us, show us~.
Saya: This is the first one. It's a pink scrunchie... I think the star pattern on it is a nice touch.
Saya: The other one is this hair tie with a ribbon on it. It has a blue and yellow polka dot pattern, so I feel like I could wear it with my everyday clothes.
Saya: What do you think?
Rimi: Wow, both are wonderful. If it were me, I'd get the pink... Hmm~, but the one with the polka dots is cute too.
Kasumi: The scrunchie is... kinda "Poppin' Shuffle"-ish!
Saya: Huh?
Kasumi: See?! The stars look like they're sparkling so happily!
Saya: Oh~, now that you say it... I guess the way the stars are popping out here is kind of like that song's hook.
Saya: Fufu, if we're comparing them to songs... then the hair tie might be kind of like "Girl's Code."
Rimi: Girl's Code...?
Kasumi: Ah! I get it! It's like how the night sky was that time! The yellow dots are the moon!
Saya: Bingo. Before we made "Girls Code," we all went to the mall, remember?
Saya: I thought it looked like the sky when we were leaving that time. The way we all felt the moment the seasons changed has really stuck with me.
Rimi: I remember that too. O-Tae looked up at the moon with her camera and said, "Say 'cheese'."
Saya: Fufu, choosing accessories by what song they remind of us is fun too. It kind of changes how I feel about the ones I think are nice.
Saya: Like this scrunchy for example.
Kasumi: Whoa! That's cute! The lamé in it is so sparkly!
Saya: Now, here's a question for you two. What song does this make you think of?
Rimi: Umm~, what could it be? Is it "Star Beat!"?
Kasumi: Hmm~, or could it be... "Sparkling Dreaming ~ Sing Girls ~"?
Saya: The answer is~... "Shut Away in Summer"!
Kasumi & Rimi: Oh~!
Saya: It's because that song is full of memories from when we all went to the beach together.
Saya: I feel like this scrunchie sparkles like the night sky did there.
Saya: The way it reflected off the water, you couldn't tell where the sea ended and the sky began. So many stars were shining in the darkness...
Saya: ... When I thought about that, I even remembered how excited we were the day before our trip.
Kasumi: Saya...!
Rimi: I bet wearing that scrunchie would make you think of that starry night.
Saya: To have accessories that remind us of those feelings like this... would be kind of nice, wouldn't it?
Rimi: Hearing you say that makes me want an accessory that's like "Shut Away in Summer" too.
Kasumi: You do? I was thinking the same thing!
Saya: Fufufu. We could all get one of these scrunchies and match.
Rimi: That's a great idea! Let's buy one for O-Tae-chan and Arisa-chan too.
Kasumi: Yeah, we should do that~♪ You know, I kinda wanna drink some ramune now!
Saya: Ahaha, why don't we get some after we finish shopping?
Kasumi: So, have you guys decided what else you're gonna buy?
Kasumi: I'm gonna get these "Tokimeki Experience!" earrings!
Saya: Ah, they're so cute and sparkly. They have lots of stars on them. They look like something you'd like. How about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Well, I was thinking of getting these hairpins that are like "Live Beyond!!"
Saya: Oh wow~, those are nice too. I think the pink lamé on those would look good on you!
Kasumi: How about you, Saya? Which one of those hair accessories are you gonna get?
Saya: Well...
Rimi: Saya-chan...?
Saya: After thinking about them like our songs, I'm starting to feel like getting some other accessories too...
Saya: Like a headband that's like "Double Rainbow" and a hair tie like "Home Street"...
Saya: I was trying to narrow things down, but now I want even more accessories. It's so hard to choose~.
