1773_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Bagful of Enjoyment

Gacha phrase: I wanted to keep playing with you guys forever.

<Saya's Now>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Rimi: And there Kasumi-chan goes. It must be tough to still have work to do.
Tae: Yeah. But she's having lots of fun.
Arisa: Still, she's being too rowdy. I know it's the culture festival and all, but she keeps getting caught up in the atmosphere.
Tae: I get why she'd be excited, though.
Saya: Yeah... She's been running around everywhere just for today, after all.
Saya: Everything is sparkling... It's impossible to not wanna take it all in.
Arisa: Well, I guess so.
Natsuki: Oh, there they are. Hey~.
Rimi: Hello, Natsuki-chan.
Saya: Wait, where are Mayu and the others? They're not with you?
Natsuki: They're by the bonfire. They said they'd come here after buying some food from the stalls.
Saya: Fufu, Poppin'Party and CHiSPA are together. We could have a little party.
Natsuki: Sounds great~! Oh, I should've bought more snacks then~.
Saya: Don't worry, I knew something like this would happen... Ta-da!
Tae: You've got snacks! So many of them, too...! Saya, why do you have these?
Saya: There were so many tasty-looking snacks at the stalls, so I couldn't help but buy them.
Arisa: Even Saya got swept up in the festival's atmosphere...
Saya: Fufu. It's okay! There's enough for all of us, you know?
Rimi: We should leave some for Kasumi-chan too.
Natsuki: Hmm? Speaking of which, Toyama-san isn't here, huh?
Tae: She still has some work to do.
Natsuki: I see~. It must be busy being the head organizer.
Saya: But thanks to Kasumi and everyone else's hard work, the culture festival was so much fun.
Natsuki: Yeah! Shout and Live Your Youth was super exciting!
Arisa: I had to do student council work at the time, so I missed it. I should've made the effort to see it...
Natsuki: Really? That's a bummer!
Rimi: Fufu, Saya-chan's shouting was amazing, wasn't it?
Arisa: Hearing you say that makes me wish I saw it even more. Did someone take a video...? Wait, I guess that's not allowed unless it's a show.
Tae: Then, wanna shout now?
Arisa: We'll stand out too much if we do that now, right...?
Natsuki: Everyone's busy with the bonfire, and music is playing, so I don't think anyone will hear us.
Arisa: I guess you're right...
Tae: First up, Tae Hanazono. I will shout!
Arisa: Wait, hey...!
Tae: My breakfast for tomorrow is... Hamburg steak!
Natsuki: Hanazono-san, your voice is nice and loud~.
Arisa: Hang on, what was that about?
Tae: My mom sent me a text just now saying we'll have Hamburg steak sandwiches for breakfast tomorrow. Okay, Arisa, it's your turn.
Arisa: Me?! ... That was too sudden. I don't even know what to say...
Saya: Then I'll go first.
Natsuki: Ooh, do it, do it~!
Saya: ... I love you all~!
Arisa: Hey... I can't believe you shouted something so embarrassing...
Natsuki: Ahaha! Saya, you're the best~! What a fitting end to the culture festival. I got to hear an amazing shout.
Rimi: It's very you, Saya-chan. That was great.
Tae: Mhm. We feel the same way too. Right, Arisa? Let's shout together!
Arisa: What?! Why'd it come down to that?!
Saya: Hey, look. The bonfire is about to end.
Rimi: Oh yeah... It's kind of sad that it'll be over soon.
Tae: Mhm. I don't want it to end yet.
Saya: ... Hey, wanna go somewhere and celebrate? Kasumi and the others should finish work soon. We can ask the other CHiSPA members too.
Rimi: Wow~! That sounds like fun~!
Tae: Good idea. Then let's gather at Arisa's basement!
Arisa: At my place?! ... Fine~. I'll let my grandma know.
Saya: Thanks, Arisa!
Rimi: Do we need more snacks or juice?
Tae: Let's drop by the convenience store and buy lots of stuff!
Arisa: ... Don't buy so much that we can't finish it all...
Saya: Fufu, let's keep having lots of fun, guys!
Tae & Rimi & Arisa & Natsuki: Yeah~!
Natsuki: Saya.
Saya: Hmm? What is it?
Natsuki: I'm happy for you.
Saya: ... Me too!


<Culture Festival All Out>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Residential Area]

Saya: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Saya: Are you headed to work? I'm on my way home from shopping.
Saya: We finished eating the stash of snacks in Arisa's basement, so I bought some new ones.
Saya: I ended up buying a lot... We had a culture festival wrap-up party the other day.
Saya: Yeah, it was so much fun!
Saya: Preparing for a festival like that one is as fun as the actual event. I got to have a good time with everyone in my class while getting things ready...
Saya: I took a lot of pictures and even joined an event where I shouted from the roof... It really felt like a proper culture festival. I enjoyed it fully.
Saya: And we did a show at the gym, of course!
Saya: It turned out amazing. I wish you could've seen it.
Saya: Yes! The culture festival and Poppin'Party's show were a success thanks to everyone.
Saya: During the culture festivals we've had so far, something would always happen, so we weren't able to let loose and have fun.
Saya: I thought everyone would be worried about it... but that wasn't the case at all.
Saya: I was surprised to see everyone genuinely having fun from the bottom of their hearts.
Saya: I could especially see it in all of Poppin'Party, from how we sounded to seeing their expressions while playing.
Saya: Kasumi zoomed around more excitedly than usual, and Rimi-rin sounded so happy while emceeing...
Saya: Arisa's fingers moved so airily that it blew me away, and O-Tae was playing the guitar a tad too fast.
Saya: I probably played my drums louder than usual. Fufu.
Saya: Looking back, it was an unforgettable show!
Saya: I think it was too simple, though... It was just so much fun. That's all, really. But nothing else would make me happier.
Saya: So I'll treasure these feelings that I'm feeling now, and try not to be caught up in my worries from now on. I'll keep moving forward while fully enjoying those moments.
Saya: Yeah! I'm all fired up!
Saya: {{userName}}-san. Look forward to the next show, okay?
Saya: It'll be a show so amazing that you'll enjoy the present!
Saya: Oh, I'm sorry for holding you up. I should go too.
Saya: See you again at CiRCLE. Good luck with your work!
