1797_Saya Yamabuki_R5 On the Bustling Bridge

Gacha phrase: Gotta pay attention to the answer that lies up ahead when you're unsure and thinking "but."

<The Saya Photo Gallery>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kasumi: Saya, hurry up and let us see!
Saya: Easy there, the pictures aren't going anywhere.
Arisa: Stop leaving us hanging already... They're in that envelope anyway, right?
Tae: I can't wait to see our Osaka photos~.
Rimi: Looking back at a trip is always so exciting together~.
Saya: Fufu, yeah. Alright, laying them out on the table.
Kasumi: Wow~! There are so many!
Arisa: Like, seriously~. I have no idea how you managed to take all these.
Kasumi: Oh, it's a photo of O-Tae buying juice at the station!
Tae: The Osaka mixed fruit juice was so thick and yummy~. I couldn't stop myself from getting seconds.
Arisa: Nearly causing us to miss our train...
Saya: Ahaha... Ah, here's one of Rimi-rin and her grandmother.
Kasumi: Ohh~, this is such a nice picture! Rimi-rin's grandma was a really fun person, wasn't she?
Arisa: I was a bit surprised at first, though, 'cause I expected someone gentle like Rimi.
Tae: She really was energetic and fun. I hope we get to meet her again.
Rimi: She said all of you are welcome to stay over the next time you're in Osaka.
Kasumi: I'm so going for sure!
Tae: Oh, found one of you, Kasumi. You're doing the same pose as the guy in the famous sign.
Saya: That sign does show up on TV a lot, doesn't it? I remember how excited you were~, Kasumi.
Arisa: A bit much, I might add.
Saya: Fufu. I wouldn't be so quick to point fingers, Arisa. When we were on the bullet train heading to Osaka, you were pretty excited yourself.
Saya: I'm sure I even photographed some proof. Here we go. You beaming after beating Kasumi at Old Maid.
Kasumi: Ohh~! You look so happy, Arisa!
Arisa: Gah~! Cut it out~! When did you take that photo anyway?!
Arisa: Fine! If that's how you wanna play, Saya, I'm finding an embarrassing photo of you!
Arisa: ... Wait a sec. You're hardly in any of them~.
Rimi: Oh... It must be because you were taking pictures the whole time...
Tae: Even with this many, there are so few with you in them.
Saya: Ahaha... I was just so into taking pictures of Osaka and you guys that I forgot to take ones of myself, actually.
Arisa: ... I had a feeling this would happen. After all, there are hardly any pictures of you whenever we go on trips.
Arisa: So I, uh... took some... of you and...
Kasumi: Don't worry, Saya! I took lots of photos of you!
Arisa: Huh?! You, too, Kasumi?!
Rimi: Both of you took photos? So did I, actually...
Tae: I guess that means all four of us did then.
Saya: You as well, O-Tae...? All of you took pictures of me?
Arisa: Looks that way. I guess we were all thinking the same thing.
Kasumi: Why don't we all show our Saya photos then?
Kasumi: Here's one that I took... Look! It's Rimi-rin teaching Saya how to speak Kansai style!
Arisa: How's anyone supposed to know without an explanation? It just looks like the two of them are talking.
Tae: My favorite is this one. It's Saya eating a deep-fried skewer. She looks just like a rabbit nibbling on a carrot. What about yours, Arisa?
Arisa: Hmm~... I'd have to go with this one where Kasumi and Saya are trying on leopard-print outfits. Saya really seemed to enjoy the experience.
Rimi: Fufu, Saya-chan looks like she's having so much fun in every photo.
Rimi: Mine is Saya-chan learning how to grill okonomiyaki from my grandmother. Her expression is super serious.
Saya: ... You guys all took so many photos of me.
Kasumi: Ehehe, because you're always taking so many photos of us!
Tae: It's just so sad for you to be the only one missing from our photos.
Rimi: If we put all our photos together, I wonder how many Saya-chan ones we'll have.
Arisa: No idea... but the way things are looking, it'll probably be more than the rest of us.
Saya: It might be... I'm kind of really touched.
Saya: Hey, do you think you guys could send me the image files?
Kasumi: Sure! Oh, let's just set up a group album in chat!
Tae: Good thinking. That way, we'll always be able to look back at this trip.
Arisa: Okay, I'll upload all the ones I took so that we can look at them anytime.
Kasumi: Photos really are so nice, aren't they, Saya? They give you sparkling, heart-pounding feelings even after a trip!
Saya: They really are! Thanks so much, guys.


<Watching Her Grow>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Station Entrance]

Saya: Oh, hi, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Saya-chan, hey. On your way home from work at RiNG?
Saya: Yeah. I asked for extra shifts since it's summer break.
Saya: Oh, by the way, did you already get the cake from Osaka?
Marina: Uh-huh, Rimi-chan brought it, and the entire staff already tried it too. It was really delicious!
Saya: Great~. Rimi-rin was the one who recommended the cheesecake.
Saya: She's apparently been eating it a lot since she was little, and she said it was so good that we should get some for you and the entire CiRCLE staff.
Marina: Oh, I see! Well, could you let her know that we all enjoyed it then?
Saya: Sure! I'll tell her during practice tomorrow.
Marina: Thanks. By the way, how was Osaka for you?
Saya: I had a blast! Rimi-rin took us to so many places.
Saya: We got to go to this park she used to swing by, visit the kind of great shops that only the locals know about, and so much more.
Marina: I see. Checking out the major tourist destinations is nice and all, but doing what you girls did sounds fun too.
Saya: It was. Getting to hear Rimi-rin's stories about when she lived there also made each location so much more memorable.
Saya: When we were at her grandmother's place, we even got to see pictures of when Rimi-rin was little.
Saya: There were pictures of Rimi-rin carrying a randoseru backpack, Rimi-rin's middle school entrance ceremony... and old pictures of Yuri-senpai too.
Saya: Even the festival venue turned out to be a special place for Rimi-rin and Yuri-senpai...
Saya: Yuri-senpai performed her very first concert there, and that's where we got to perform.
Marina: Really? That's quite a coincidence.
Saya: I know, right? Apparently, seeing Yuri-senpai's show back then is what made Rimi-rin fall in love with bands.
Marina: Interesting. Was Rimi-chan nervous?
Saya: Probably, but her main emotion seemed to be joy.
Saya: While emceeing, she mentioned how she never thought she'd end up getting up on stage and how she'd become a little stronger compared to when she lived in Osaka.
Saya: You should've seen the look on Rimi-rin's face after the show. It was so sunny.
Marina: Fufu, I see. It sounds like she gained something from the show.
Saya: Yeah, and I think the experience will give her courage down the line.
Saya: Oh... Sorry, I've been going on forever, haven't I? I should probably head home.
Marina: Okay, thanks for the chat.
Saya: Thanks for listening! I hope we can talk again.
