1861_Saya Yamabuki_R4 Devoted Escort

Gacha phrase: I know you must be scared, but stay strong...!

<Cavity Prevention Task Force>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Welcome to Yamabuki Bakery!
Rimi: Hi, Saya-chan.
Saya: Oh, Rimi-rin. I had a feeling you'd show up right around now.
Rimi: You did? How come?
Saya: Because the chocolate cornets just came out of the oven.
Rimi: Ehehe, thanks for letting me know they were just baked. Mmm~, I love this freshly baked smell~.
Saya: Fufu, must be their way of thanking you for coming to get them when they're at their tastiest.
Saya: Oh, by the way, O-Tae also came by for some chocolate cornets the other day.
Saya: She said she was going to eat as many sweet things as she wanted, now that her cavity was gone... She really seemed to be looking forward to it.
Rimi: Fufu, maybe she was rewarding herself. After all, it took a lot for her to fight against her fear and go to the dentist.
Saya: Yeah. I have to say, though, I never expected dentists of all things to be her Achilles' heel.
Rimi: Hmm, even now, O-Tae-chan can be a bit of a mystery...
Rimi: She might still have a lot more secrets that we don't know about.
Saya: Uh, whatever they may be, I hope they don't cause her to go through what she did~. I'm sure all of us can do without what happened.
Saya: ... Like you said, though, it certainly is possible.
Rimi: Also, I don't know if she has any other secrets, but she could end up getting another cavity too...
Saya: Huh, that one's probably more likely, actually...
Saya: She decided to go the dentist this time around thanks to Kasumi, but...
Rimi: Yes, there's no guarantee that everything will work out next time too...
Saya: It'd be nice if we could figure out a way to get O-Tae to go to the dentist~...
Rimi: ... Oh, what about something like this?
Rimi: So, I feel like O-Tae-chan's problem is that her image of dentists is excessively negative.
Rimi: My idea is to reduce those negative feelings by regularly exposing her to things that make dentists seem more approachable.
Rimi: For example, maybe making a song will help.
Saya: Like a dentists aren't scary song?
Rimi: Exactly. We can use the kind of melodies that she likes and make it something fun that we can all sing together...
Rimi: I'm hoping that singing the song enough times will eventually make her less afraid.
Saya: Hmm, I feel like the problem with that approach is that just hearing the word dentist might already be enough to scare her~...
Rimi: Oh, right... That does make my song idea difficult.
Saya: Reducing the negative feelings she has is a good approach though...
Saya: What about something like this...?
Saya: She was able to go to the dentist, despite being afraid last time, right?
Saya: What if we used that to show her that dentists are something she can handle?
Rimi: By telling her that she has nothing to be afraid of since she was already able to go once?
Saya: Yeah. Every now and then, we could bring it up and praise her for being brave and going.
Saya: Having that message repeated often enough might make her believe that she doesn't have to be afraid anymore...
Rimi: ...
Saya: At least, that's what I hope will happen...
Saya: Actually, never mind. It sounded better in my head.
Rimi: Yes, just like my idea, I think she's going to become scared the moment she hears the word dentist.
Saya: Yeah~.
Saya & Rimi: Sigh~...
Saya: Well, if O-Tae gets another cavity, I guess all of us will just have to try and figure something out again.
Saya: It might not amount to much... but knowing there are people who care and are trying to help might make her feel better at least.
Rimi: That's true...! We can just figure something out again!
Saya: For now, though, our best option is probably preventing O-Tae from getting cavities in the first place.
Saya: I'll try coming up with food to bring that also helps do that.
Rimi: Then I'll look into snacks that might help.
Saya: Alright, I guess we're now O-Tae's cavity control task force!
Rimi: Yes! Let's do what we can~!


<What I Still Don't Know>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Riverside]

Marina: ... So yeah, once we get back to CiRCLE, could you start getting things ready for the concert?
Marina: Aside from that, the other things that need doing today are... Hm? Now, that looks like a familiar face...
Saya: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hey, Saya-chan. Poppin'Party getting together for practice?
Saya: Yeah, in the usual basement.
Marina: I see. Hope you all have fun. By the way, what's with the bag that you seem to be carrying so carefully...?
Saya: Just some munchies for practice.
Marina: That's not the usual Yamabuki Bakery bag though... I take it this means it's not bread from your place for once.
Saya: Fufu. You've seen through everything.
Saya: I got some chocolate and cookies for today instead. They're bunny-shaped and really cute.
Marina: Interesting~. Bunny-shaped snacks, huh? Sounds like something Tae-chan will enjoy.
Saya: That's the idea, actually. This special set is something I put together because she's been dying to have snacks like these for a while.
Marina: Oh, okay. She had a bit of a rough time because of a cavity, didn't she?
Saya: Things definitely got ugly... She hated the dentist so much that she absolutely refused to go see one.
Marina: Fufu, right. We heard about that from Tae-chan and Kasumi-chan.
Marina: Can't say I blame her~. Having to go see a dentist can be a bit nerve-racking.
Saya: While very true... leaving the tooth untreated would've been a bad idea, so...
Saya: We did our best to convince her to go and tried to come up with ways to help her overcome her fear... It wasn't easy, that's for sure.
Saya: Today's actually the first time we're all getting together for practice since her tooth got fixed. That's why I went with something special and different to celebrate.
Marina: Hence the cookies and chocolate, huh?
Saya: Yep. It would be nice if they could bring O-Tae joy.
Marina: You got them because you were thinking of her. I don't see why they wouldn't.
Saya: Fufu, I hope you're right.
Saya: I have to say though... I never expected O-Tae to be that afraid of the dentist.
Marina: Yeah, she's not exactly the jittery type, and I don't think I've ever seen her be afraid of anything.
Saya: It's funny how there can still be so much that you don't know about someone, even after spending all that time together and being friends for so long,
Marina: Well, that just means you have that many more new things about them to discover.
Marina: Depending on how you look at it, you now have a lot to look forward to, wouldn't you say?
Saya: Kasumi also said that, actually.
Saya: I honestly do like the idea of getting to know everyone even better, but...
Saya: Kasumi and O-Tae can be unpredictable, so I am kind of afraid of finding out.
Marina: Ahaha, I can see why you'd be a bit nervous.
Saya: Anyway, I should get going now. Thanks so much for the chat. Bye!
