2000_Saya Yamabuki_R5 Feeling the Pulse of the Future

Gacha phrase: If it's a promise with my friends... with Kasumi,  I feel like I can believe in it.

<A Kaleidoscope of Excitement>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Yeah... now that everyone’s shared their thoughts, I think it’s time we decide what kind of design to go with for the Flower Bloom Rock Festival poster.
Rimi: If we put all our ideas together... it sounded like something exciting and cool, right?
Kasumi & Tae: Yeah!
Kasumi: I want the poster to really show how exciting the festival is to many people!
Tae: And I want it be cool, too. Like, something that makes people want to look it up just from seeing it.
Arisa: Easier said than done, though...
Saya: Well, when it comes to actually making it, yeah. But if we all brainstorm together, we’ll definitely come up with something great.
Arisa: That’s the reason we’re meeting right now. But “cool”... What exactly does that even look like?
Kasumi: Let me borrow a pen and some paper! What if we try something like this?
Kasumi: Like someone playing guitar all cool and—huh? Wait a sec... Something feels off... Is this even what a guitar looks like?
Arisa: That’s supposed to be a guitar?! I thought it was a starfish!
Kasumi: No way! It’s a Random Star~!
Arisa: Random Star...? So that’s supposed to be you playing it, huh?! Don’t draw yourself on the festival poster!
Kasumi: It’s fine! I’ll draw you too, Arisa! And of course, I’ll draw Rimi-rin, Saya, and O-Tae too!
Arisa: That’s not the point!
Tae: Hmm... Drawing people might be tricky. But I think something like this illustration could look nice.
Rimi: Um... is that a rabbit?
Tae: Yeah!  It's easier to draw. Plus, if there’s a rabbit, everyone will totally want to come to the festival!
Arisa: No, there aren’t gonna be any rabbits at the festival!
Saya: ...I mean, there’s only so much we can do drawing it ourselves, right?
Rimi: Yeah, it’s not like any of us are especially good at art.
Saya: Then maybe we should ask someone else for help?
Saya: It’s nice to do it ourselves for that handmade feel... but if we want it to look cool, it might be better to ask someone who’s good at it.
Saya: The art club said they wanted to help, so maybe we could talk to them about the poster?
Kasumi: Ooh, that sounds great! Making it together feels way more like a real festival!
Rimi: Ah, but we’ll need to clearly tell them what kind of image we’re going for, or they won’t know where to start.
Arisa: Yeah, just saying "a fun and cool poster" isn’t enough—they won’t know what to do with that.
Arisa: We’ll have to explain the theme of the festival, or what kind of event it is.
Tae: What kind of festival...
Rimi: Hmm...
Kasumi: It is something sparkling, heart-pounding or super fun. There’s so much I want to say, but the most important thing is...
Saya: I think we should make it clear that it’s a festival held in our town.
Tae & Rimi: ...!
Saya: The reason we decided to hold a festival was because of that one in Osaka, right?
Saya: We worked together with the people in town to make it held. Even folks who don’t usually come to live houses had fun at the festival.
Saya: The whole town felt united through music... That kind of festival really inspired us, and we wanted to create something like that too.
Saya: In that case, maybe we should include something that represents the town in the poster.
Kasumi: That’s it, Saya~!
Arisa: Lots of people from the town are helping out with the festival. A poster that really shows that would be great.
Tae: How do we show that the whole town is working together on it?
Saya: Hmm... Oh!
Rimi: Saya-chan, what is it?
Saya: Hey, think we could use something like this? Would you take a look?
Kasumi: Saya’s camera? Let’s see~
Kasumi: Ah, that’s Hanasakigawa! This park is where we had our cherry blossom picnic, right?
Tae: This one’s our usual walk to school when the cherry blossoms were in full bloom. There are also shots of the downtown and the station. So many different scenes.
Saya: The town’s scenery changes little by little, so I thought I’d take photos to preserve it.
Rimi: That’s so like you, Saya-chan.
Rimi: Maybe it’s because you took them, but the love you have for this town really comes through in your photos.
Saya: Hehe, thanks, Rimi-rin.
Arisa: Hey... what if we used these?
Saya: Huh?
Arisa: I don’t think there’s anything else we have that could show off the charm of our town better than these.
Arisa: What if we ask the art club the poster based on these photos?
Kasumi: That’s such a great idea~~!
Rimi: Thanks to Saya-chan’s photos, I think the poster will turn out amazing.
Saya: Ahaha... You’re making me blush a little, but I’m glad the photos I’d been taking are finally useful.
Kasumi: Alright then, let’s all choose which photo we want to use~~!
Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Yeah~!


<A Faint Light of the Future>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[RiNG Café]

Marina: Hmm, looks like we’ve wrapped everything up, so how about we take a quick break before heading back to CiRCLE?
Marina: What are you ordering, {{userName}}? As for me...
Saya: Welcome, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Oh, Saya-chan. You're working at RiNG today.
Saya: Yes. Are you here for a meeting?
Marina: Yeah. Actually, Ririko and I were just talking about the Flower Bloom Rock Festival a little while ago. How’s the preparation going?
Saya: There’s still a lot to do, but more and more people from the community—and even from our school—have been pitching in to help.
Saya: Thanks to that, things are going well so far.
Saya: And we really appreciate all the support we’ve gotten from you too.
Marina: If there’s ever anything we can do, just say the word. It’s great seeing the girls’ band scene getting so energized.
Marina: There are even some girls who said Poppin’Party inspired them to try doing something themselves.
Saya: Really?
Marina: Yeah. When the girls’ band scene gets more and more lively, it makes the future feel exciting.
Saya: An exciting future...
Marina: Hmm? Something on your mind?
Saya: It’s just... phrases like “a bright future” or “something wonderful waiting ahead”—I’m not really the kind of person who can easily get behind those ideas.
Saya: I’ve just been realizing that about myself lately...
Saya: Like, is there really such a convenient future waiting for us? What if it turns out nothing like what I imagined? I can’t help thinking that way.
Saya: I do understand that believing in a positive future might help bring one about, and I wish I could be more like that...
Marina: I get that. It’s totally normal to feel unsure when the path ahead isn’t clear.
Marina: But I really don’t think you need to worry so much about it.
Saya: Huh?
Marina: What you can truly rely on is different for everyone, right?
Marina: If you're feeling unsure, I think it just means you're seriously thinking about the future.
Marina: So maybe it's fine if you just find something you can believe in, something that feels right to you, and hold on to that.
Saya: Marina-san... Yeah, I think you're right.
Marina: Huh? “You think I’m right”... Wait, that face—you’ve already found it, haven’t you?
Saya: Yes. A lot’s happened lately... and I think I’ve come to understand myself a little better.
Saya: What I truly value, and what I’m able to put my faith in...
Saya: Oh! Right, I haven’t even taken your order yet, have I?
Marina: Oh, you’re right! Sorry, I got carried away talking.
Saya: Not at all—I really enjoy chatting with you, Marina-san. Thanks for listening.
Saya: Now then, if you’re ready, I’ll take your order!
