2118_Saya Yamabuki_R5 In Search of New Year's Cheer

Gacha phrase: Would you be willing to model for my contest photos...!?

<A Joyful New Year>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Happy New Year~~!!! everyone~~!!!
Arisa: Yeah yeah, happy new year.
Rimi: Fufu, happy new year, Kasumi-chan. You're full of energy already.
Kasumi: Well, it is the new year! Don’t you just feel like doing something big?
Tae: I get you, Kasumi. It's that celebratory power.
Saya: Fufu, the start of a new year really makes you feel refreshed. So, how did everyone spend their New Year’s?
Arisa: I just chilled with my grandma watching TV. If I had to say, I guess I put a little extra care into trimming the bonsai.
Tae: I lazed around at home with Oddie, and ate tons of hamburger patties from the osechi.
Rimi: Fufu, lots of hamburgers, huh? I had a nice long chat with my sis. We did a video call and she showed me what the New Year’s was like over there.
Kasumi: I see! Video calls are great since you can see each other’s faces. I had some relatives visit, so we played hanetsuki and karuta together!
Kasumi: And I saw Saya too! When we were with Hagu!
Saya: Fufu, yeah, we did. You were as full of energy as ever, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Oh yeah! What happened with that photo contest!? Are the results out yet?
Tae: Ah, the one we talked about in the group chat, right? I was wondering about that too.
Saya: Ahaha, not just yet. But thanks to Rinko-senpai, I think I got a great photo.
Arisa: I was shocked when I read the message. You used Rinko-senpai as the model, right?
Saya: Yeah. I was surprised too when she said yes.
Rimi: But it really was such a lovely photo. Her smile was so soft.
Saya: Fufu, we owe that to Hagumi’s family croquettes.
Arisa: Croquettes? What do you mean by that...?
Kasumi: If it's that photo, it’s gotta win the grand prize! I can't wait for the results~.
Rimi: Fufu, Kasumi-chan sounds more excited than Saya-chan.
Arisa: Oh, that reminds me...
Tae: What is it, Arisa?
Arisa: Well, it's not croquettes, but my grandma was saying we should have some oshiruko after practice.
Rimi: Huh? There's oshiruko!?
Arisa: Yeah. It’s New Year’s, so she made some.
Saya: Really? Then I’ll gladly accept.
Kasumi: Sweet treats after practice are always the best! I’m looking forward to it~!
Tae: Having oshiruko waiting for us after practice—now that’s something to thank the New Year and grandma for.
Tae: Three cheers for New Year’s!
Kasumi: Three cheers for New Year’s and grandma!
Rimi: Three cheers!
Arisa: Even Rimi... Oh well. I’ll let grandma know later.
Kasumi: New Year’s really is full of great things! You get otoshidama too!
Saya: Ahaha, true, getting otoshidama is the best. Have you all decided how to spend it?
Rimi: Not yet, I haven't...
Arisa: I don’t really have anything I want right now, so I’ll just save it.
Tae: I might get a new guitar amp. I’m thinking of going to the music store to see if they have anything good.
Kasumi: Ah, I wanna go with you! Can I come along when you go shopping, O-Tae!?
Tae: Of course. Let’s all go together.
Rimi: Wow, sounds great. Maybe I’ll buy something too.
Arisa: Seriously, our New Year’s schedules are filling up fast...
Saya: Fufu, isn’t that a good thing?
Arisa: Well, yeah. So, what are you planning to spend yours on, Saya?
Saya: I’m thinking of getting a new camera lens.
Kasumi: A new lens? Did your current one break?
Saya: Not exactly. My camera lets me swap out lenses, so I wanted to try something different.
Saya: Just changing the lens can totally change how the photos look.
Rimi: Wow~, that’s so cool~!
Arisa: You’re really hooked on photography again, huh?
Saya: Yeah. I used to take pictures mostly to capture memories... but now I just really enjoy taking photos.
Kasumi: Oh! Then if Saya becomes a pro photographer, and Rimi-rin becomes a film director...
Kasumi: And if the rest of us get creative jobs too... we could be this amazing group of artists in the future...!?
Arisa: You’re always jumping to stuff like that...
Saya: Ahaha. I don’t know about going pro, but I do want to get better at photography.
Tae: Then practice with me lots. Peace sign.
Saya: Geez, O-Tae... But hey, maybe I’ll take you up on that.
Kasumi: Ah~, no fair~! Take some of me too~!
Saya: Alright, alright. Arisa and Rimi-rin, get in here too.
Arisa: Ugh, fine...
Rimi: Let's make sure to get one with you in it later too, Saya.
Saya: Yeah. Thanks. Okay everyone, scooch in a little closer~.
Saya: Ready~? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Joining the Contest>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Marina: Lunch was so good. Want to head back to CiRCLE now?
Marina: ...Hm? What is it? Why’d you suddenly stop? Got something to do at the photo shop?
Marina: Wow, there’s a photo of Rinko-chan in the window! ...Oh~ it was entered in a contest?
Saya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Hi, Saya-chan. We were just looking at Rinko-chan’s photo. Apparently, it was entered in a contest...
Saya: Ah, I actually took that photo.
Marina: Really? You did?
Saya: Yeah. The photo shop held a contest, and all the pictures in the window are entries.
Marina: You’re right. Now that I look closer, they all have the photographer’s name on them.
Marina: Come to think of it, photography’s your hobby, isn’t it, Saya-chan?
Saya: Yeah. It’s really just a hobby, so I figured I didn’t need to enter any contests...
Saya: But since my New Year’s resolution is “to be brave and take on the things I want to try,” I decided to go for it and submit something.
Marina: Wow, that’s lovely. The photo’s beautiful—it really captures the festive spirit of the New Year.
Saya: Thank you so much! It was hard getting the shot just right, and it ended up taking the whole day, but I think it was worth it.
Marina: The whole day? That must’ve been tough.
Saya: Yeah, I was totally wiped out when I got home. ...But it wasn’t all bad.
Saya: I got a photo I was proud of, and I became closer with Rinko-senpai!
Marina: Huh, really? I thought you and Rinko-chan had already talked quite a bit?
Saya: We had, but we’d never really spent time just the two of us... I’d mostly just heard stories about her from Arisa.
Saya: Arisa would always say things like, “Rinko-senpai works super hard as the student council secretary,” or “She’ll always help you if you’re in trouble.”
Saya: So I’ve always thought Rinko-senpai was a really wonderful senpai.
Saya: And since I’d been wanting to talk to her more, I’m really glad I took the chance and asked her to be my model this time.
Marina: I see. That kind of sounds like it fits your New Year’s resolution too, doesn’t it?
Saya: Now that you mention it, it really does. Fufufu.
Saya: Ah, excuse me. I’ve got a shift at the shop, so I should get going.
Marina: Sure. CiRCLE’s back to regular hours too, so stop by anytime.
Saya: Thank you! I’m looking forward to this year too.
Marina: Same to you, Saya-chan.
