event157-07 Ending: Our Promise

The entire band now knows Nanami's secret. With their ties even stronger than before, they take a step forward...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Morning~! Sorry for being late!
Tsukushi: What do you mean sorry~? We agreed to have band practice at one, didn't we?!
Toko: Yeah~, well, I had this meeting with a designer friend, and I lost track of time.
Nanami: Was it about the new TOKO t-shirt?
Toko: Yeah~! I've never had such a big hit, so I'm thinking of following it up with another killer product.
Mashiro: It's been a few days, but people are still talking about the t-shirt with Nanami-chan's painting.
Rui: That appears to be the case. Several of my classmates have been discussing it as well.
Tsukushi: So, what are you planning to make next?
Toko: Fu, fu, fu... Guess what~? I'm gonna go with a t-shirt with my own sketch~!
Tsukushi: Uhh, your sketch?
Mashiro: Wait... Do you mean the one in the photo you showed us?
Toko: Yeah! The art class sketch assignment!
Toko: I figure if I wanna outdo Nanami's picture, I need to use my own sketch because it's the only one that's just as artsy.
Tsukushi: I can't tell if you're trying to compete with her or help her!
Nanami: It should be interesting to see what the shirt will be like, right, Rui-rui?
Rui: Enough talk about that. Are all of you ready for practice?
Tsukushi: Ah! I'll get ready right now...!
Toko: Haha, look at who just got scolded~.
Tsukushi: You're not ready yet either!
Nanami: Fufu... Oh, by the way, I ran into a friend from middle school the other day.
Nanami: I was out shopping when I saw them, so I said hello.
Toko: Interesing. What did you talk about?
Nanami: We talked about how we've been. It was just normal chit-chat.
Nanami: They've apparently been coming to our concerts, and they're coming to the next one too.
Tsukushi: I see. I guess we need to make sure we do a good job then!
Nanami: Yeah! I'm going to go all out for our next one~.
Nanami: That's the normal thing to do, after all, right?
Mashiro: You going all out... I can't even imagine what that will be like.
Nanami: Don't worry~. It'll be perfectly normal~.
Tsukushi: Make sure you don't overdo it, okay? Remember, music is about harmony! Right, Rui-san?
Rui: Indeed. Please make sure you do not disrupt the harmony.
Nanami: Yes, ma'am. Thank you for your order~.
Toko: Oh~, sounds like you've gotten used to your job. You totally sounded like a server!
Nanami: Right~?
Mashiro: ... Hm?
Rui: What is it, Kurata-san?
Mashiro: It's nothing really, but I just noticed a white canvas that isn't usually there.
Rui: You are right. This is my first time seeing one here.
Nanami: Oh, that's mine~. I got it because I feel like painting. It's been a while since I've wanted to.
Nanami: I haven't decided at all what to draw, but I can't wait to fill the white canvas with colors.
Nanami: I don't think I've been this excited about painting since I was in middle school.
Tsukushi: Wow, I can't wait to see what you're going to paint!
Mashiro: Could you show us once you're done?
Nanami: Of course. Ah, but don't tell anyone else, okay~?
Mashiro: Fufu, Morfonica's secret, right?
Nanami: Yeah!
(White cut)
Tsukushi: Let's start practicing then!
Toko: Alright~, I'm good to go now! What about you, Nanami?
Nanami: Of course, I am~!
(White cut)
