event157-02 Chapter 1: Everyone's Thoughts

Toko enthusiastically talks to Mashiro and Tsukushi about how good her painting is. What is Nanami up to in the meantime?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Lisa Imai, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Café]

Toko: You totally won't believe how awesome my sketch turned out! See? Just look at this photo!
Toko: Doesn't it just blow your mind? Especially this bronze statue! It's like it's inspired by god, isn't it?
Tsukushi: Seriously~, do you have any idea how many times you've brought it up? That assignment is all you've been talking about.
Toko: You just don't get it, do you, Fusuke~? True art compels you to keep talking about it! You get what I mean, right, Shiro?
Mashiro: U-um... I guess so... maybe...
Tsukushi: Anyway, enough about the sketch! Let's talk about something else.
Toko: Boo~, Nanami let me talk about it as much as I wanted~.
Toko: You should've seen the way her eyes shined! I bet she was zapped when she saw it!
Mashiro: Zapped?
Toko: You know, like when you feel like you've been struck by lightning.
Tsukushi: I see... Ah, what was Nanami-chan's drawing like, by the way? I bet it must have been quite good.
Toko: Actually, it was kinda all squiggly. It looked like the konnyaku noodles in my grandma's stewed dishes...
Toko: Mind you, I kind of liked it, but if I had to choose between good or bad, I'd have to go with not so good.
Mashiro: I didn't expect that. I was sure it would've been amazing.
Tsukushi: Me too. I mean, she did make those accessories that looked good enough to be sold at a store...
Tsukushi: Hey, don't you think she can be a bit... different?
Toko: Different?
Tsukushi: What I mean is, she sometimes does things that really surprise us...
Tsukushi: Like that time she took the violin sheet music and rearranged it for our band. And the exams where she got the exact average score for every subject.
Mashiro: Yes, I've never seen anything like that. I know she said it was all just a coincidence, but...
Toko: Yeah, those were some real miracles. I'm glad I was there when it happened!
Tsukushi: She sometimes does things that clearly aren't normal, but she herself doesn't realize... That's what I mean by different.
Toko: Probably just luck? She did say anybody could've rearranged the music and made the accessories with a little research!
Toko: She must've found some websites with some great explanations. I so wish I had that kind of luck~.
Tsukushi: I-I'm not so sure that's it...
Toko: Ah, you guys heard? Today's Nanami's big restaurant day.
Tsukushi: Really, it's today?! Wow~, I hope everything goes well!
Mashiro: She's so amazing. If I were in her place, I know I wouldn't be able to.
Toko: Hey, hey! Don't you wanna know how she's doing?
Tsukushi: I do, I do! I'm really curious!
Toko: Looks like it's decided then! Let's invite Rui and go check out how she's doing~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: The air's so cool~. I can finally feel the life returning to me~. I don't think I'd be able to make it through summer if AC had never been invented~.
Arisa: That sounds like a bit of an exaggeration... Not that I don't understand what you mean.
Nanami: Welcome to our restaurant~. Ah, Lisa-senpai, Arisa-senpai!
Lisa: Huh? Nanami?
Arisa: That uniform... Are you working here?
Nanami: Yes, I just started working part-time today!
Nanami: Let me show you to your table. Please follow me~.
(Black cut)
Nanami: Have you decided what you would like to order?
Arisa: Ohhh, you sound like a proper server.
Nanami: Ehehe, thank you so much~.
Lisa: I think I'll have an iced latte~.
Arisa: Could I have the same thing?
Lisa: For dessert... I can't decide between parfait and cake~.
Nanami: In that case, may I suggest the half-and-half set? You get to order half-sized servings of two desserts of your choice.
Lisa: I had no idea this place had something like that now! What a life-saver~☆
Nanami: We also have some new additions to the menu starting today, so please take a look at them as well.
Nanami: The mango tart on page six, row two, and the hyuganatsu cake on page eight, row three are particularly popular among the staff.
Arisa: Whoa. They're exactly where you said they would be... I'm surprised you remembered even though it's only your first day.
Nanami: Before starting my shift, I made sure to memorize the pages and locations of every single item.
Arisa: O-oh... I see your memory is as good as ever.
Lisa: Ahaha... Well, I think I'll have the half-and-half set that you recommended.
Arisa: I'd like that too...
Nanami: Thank you for ordering~. I'll be back with your order soon.
