event157-01 Opening: A Certain Assignment

Nanami and Toko are working on their sketch assignments and show each other their work...

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Nanami: ... There. I think this should do it for the sketch assignment.
Toko: Nanami~!
Toko: You are so, so, so, so totally not gonna believe this! I just created the greatest... masterpiece... ever...!
Nanami: Ahhh~, T-Toko-chan, stop shaking me~. You're making me dizzy~. Calm down~.
Toko: Whatever, just take a look at this! My sketch turned out insanely good!
Toko: Like, doesn't the school building look amazing? I've always known it, but I'm such a genius~.
Nanami: Oh~, such bold brush strokes. And yet, the colors are so delicate... Mmm, I like it!
Nanami: I especially like the coloration of the roof. I'm guessing it took quite a bit of work to come up with the faint hue~.
Toko: That's what you'd think, right? But I just mixed a bit of this color with a bit of that one, and I got it in one shot!
Toko: Seriously~, I sometimes even surprise myself with how talented I am~.
Toko: Also, what I really like about this sketch is the bronze statue of yours truly! What do ya think? Pretty awesome, right?
Nanami: A statue of yourself...? I'm pretty sure we don't have one in the courtyard...
Toko: Everyone knows I'm gonna make it big in the future, so it's only a matter of time before there's one.
Toko: That's why I added a glimpse of the future!
Nanami: I see~. Fufu, such ambition, Toko-chan.
Toko: What about you? What did you draw? Show me, show me!
Nanami: Uh... M-mine isn't really worth seeing~.
Toko: Aw~, c'mon, you can show me! Just a peek! Please?
Nanami: Oh, alright~. Just a little, though, okay?
Nanami: Here... Take a look.
Toko: Huh? Is this really supposed to be your sketch...? The shapes are all so squiggly, and the schoolhouse wall is kinda deformed.
Nanami: Ahaha... Well, it's just so hard, you know?
Toko: And... this flower bed? What's the white blob?
Nanami: Gardenias. See, over there. They're so beautiful, aren't they~?
Toko: Interesting... Everything's so squiggly, but the more I look at it, the more I think your sketch has a certain charm to it!
Toko: Yeah, it actually doesn't seem all that bad! Well~, it's nowhere near as good as mine, though!
Nanami: Fufu, thanks. You're too kind~.
Toko: ... I know! The sketches aren't even due till tomorrow, right?
Toko: And since I'm actually free after school for once, I can give you some drawing tips to help you do better!
Nanami: Thanks. I really appreciate it, but I've got plans...
Nanami: It's the day. You know, the restaurant...
Toko: The restaurant...? Ah~, that day!
Toko: Whoa~, it's finally happening, huh? Great! Good luck~!
Nanami: Thanks.
Toko: Oh, lunch break! Let's head back to class~.
Nanami: Go on without me. I still have to clean up~.
Toko: Gotcha~! Later then~.
Rui: Hiromachi-san?
Nanami: Ah, Rui-rui. Good day.
Rui: Good day. Those art supplies... Did you just finish art class?
Nanami: Mm-hmm. We had a sketch assignment. Are you coming from class?
Rui: ...
Nanami: Wh-what are you staring at? Is there something weird?
Rui: That sketch... Is it your work?
Nanami: Hm? Y-yes... Ahaha, it looks terrible, doesn't it?
Rui: Indeed, it does. The outlines are very poorly defined. At first glance, one might even assume it to be the scribblings of a child.
Rui: Yet when it comes to the composition, relative positions of objects, and distances, the accuracy displayed is most impressive.
Rui: Despite displaying a solid understanding of the fundamental principles of drawing, you purposely ruined your own work in order to feign incompetence... That would be my conclusion.
Nanami: O-oh~, come on~. You're just overthinking~.
Rui: And you expect me to believe that?
Rui: I still cannot understand why you would deliberately forsake your own talent.
Rui: After all, it is only normal for those with talent to garner attention.
Nanami: ...
Rui: ... Perhaps I have pried too much. Good day.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: ... It's because I'll end up all alone.
Nanami: ... I should get back to class too...
(Black cut)
