event157-06 Chapter 5: Still Afraid

The response to the shirt made by Toko is overwhelmingly positive! But Rui's surprising statement brings about an unexpected turn of events...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Following Day]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Nanami~! You are so not gonna believe this!
Nanami: Toko-chan? You're actually early for band practice...
Toko: I know, but whatever... Look at this! Just look at how much everyone's talking on social media about the t-shirt!
Nanami: Really...?
Nanami: ... "The picture on the back of the new TOKO shirt looks really chic." "Wow! The picture is so fascinating!" "The picture and design are so cute! I love it!"
Nanami: I can't believe this... There are so many comments...
Toko: Told ya you wouldn't believe it! It's been getting likes ever since I made the post yesterday!
Nanami: But... why are so many people...?
Toko: It's obvious! It's 'cause they like your painting!
Toko: See? I said I have a good eye, didn't I? I immediately saw its potential~.
Nanami: ...
Toko: Man~, I freak myself out by how much talent I've got. It's like I'm becoming an even greater genius.
Nanami: Yeah... You really are amazing~.
Toko: I know, right~? But so are you! You're the one who painted it, after all!
Nanami: Ahaha, thanks~.
Toko: Hey, hey! Since everyone's talking about it, why don't we just tell them it was you?
Toko: I bet you'd become super popular if we pull a big reveal now!
Nanami: No... I don't want people to know. I'm still afraid of what might happen again.
Nanami: I don't want Shiro-chan and the others to treat me differently.
Toko: You think they'd do that...? Hm, I doubt it~.
Toko: But okay. If you wanna keep it a secret, I'll go along. I got everyone to see your picture and talk about my t-shirt, so it's totally two birds with one stone for me anyway~.
Nanami: Fufu... Thanks.
Nanami: Having a shared secret feels like such an ordinary high school thing to do~.
Tsukushi: Good morning~. Oh, you two are early.
Mashiro: I saw what's going on online, Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: I did too. Everyone's talking about the picture.
Mashiro: Did you take a look at Toko-chan's social media account, Rui-san?
Rui: I have not, but I am not surprised people are talking about the picture.
Rui: After all, Hiromachi-san received the grand prize for it at an art competition. Given such an accomplishment, it is only natural that it receive the recognition that it deserves.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Huh?!
Nanami: ...!
Toko: Wait... You knew, Rui...?
Rui: There was an article in the school newspaper when we were in middle school. It mentioned that Hiromachi-san had become the youngest winner of the art competition's grand prize.
Tsukushi: I-I had no idea. So it was Nanami-chan who drew it...
Mashiro: The youngest winner... of the grand prize...
Nanami: (Ah... This feeling... It's happening again... just like it did in middle school...)
(Background change)
(Background change)
(Background change)
(Background change)
Nanami: (... My chest... it hurts...)
Tsukushi & Mashiro: W-wow~! You drew that?!
Tsukushi: I can't believe you drew such an incredible picture, Nanami-chan! You're amazing!
Mashiro: I've been looking at it ever since Toko-chan gave me the t-shirt.
Tsukushi: Fufu, we both love your work.
Nanami: Tsu-chan... Shiro-chan...
Toko: Haha, I knew you guys wouldn't let me down!
Toko: See, Nanami? I told ya the same thing wouldn't happen again.
Nanami: (She's right... They didn't reject me...)
Nanami: (I know that not everyone would react the same way... But Shiro-chan, Tsu-chan, Rui-rui, and Toko-chan... They're not treating me any differently...)
Toko: Well, now that you guys know, listen up! Don't tell anyone she drew it, okay~?
Tsukushi: Hm? Why? It's such an incredible picture.
Nanami: Sorry~, I don't really want people to find out about it.
Nanami: Could we just keep it among ourselves?
Tsukushi: Okay...! Since that's how you feel, I won't tell anyone.
Mashiro: I won't either.
Rui: I see no reason not to agree with your request.
Nanami: Thanks, guys~. Fufu, it's kind of nice to have a shared secret with so many people.
Toko: Oh, then why don't we share the secret with everyone at school?
Nanami: It won't be a secret anymore if you do that~.
Toko: True~.
Nanami: Fufufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
