event157-04 Chapter 3: I Just Want to Be ”Ordinary”

Nanami recalls a past traumatic experience. When Toko sees that, how will she react...?

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Right around when I entered middle school, I painted that picture.
Nanami: Mama was the one who suggested I submit it to an art competition...
Toko: Interesting, a competition, huh? How'd it go? I bet it did crazy well!
Nanami: I don't know if it did that good, but it did get the grand prize...
Toko: I knew it! When you get to my level, you know even before asking~.
Nanami: ... You really do like that picture, don't you?
Toko: No kidding! I wish I could hang it up in my room!
Nanami: I see... Thanks. My friends in middle school also praised me.
Nanami: But the more they praised me, the more it felt like they drifted away from me.
Toko: What do you mean?
Nanami: Everyone started to tiptoe around me.
Nanami: It felt like they were trying not to get in my way...
Nanami: They said things... "You can do anything. You're so lucky."
Nanami: "Normal people wouldn't be able to do that."
Nanami: I know I was probably just being overly sensitive, but it still hurt...
Nanami: My heart felt like it was being squeezed...
Nanami: And before I knew it... I was always alone.
Nanami: That's why I hid this painting.
Nanami: Seeing it brings back those painful memories... And it'll make you guys leave me too.
Toko: Huh~... I really do like it, though.
Toko: If I could draw something like this, I'd post it online and show it off to the whole world!
Nanami: ... You're so incredible. I envy you...
Toko: I don't blame ya~. I am who I am~, after all~.
Nanami: Fufu... Maybe if I were like you, I might've been able to display it somewhere.
Toko: You should then. It's perfectly normal to want to.
Nanami: Oh... It is, huh? Trying to be normal is always so hard.
Nanami: I've never really understood what being normal is like... I've always wondered about it.
Toko: Don't you think you're just overthinking things? You normally wouldn't think about what normal is.
Nanami: Do you think that's why all my friends left me...?
Toko: Hmm~, I don't think friends would do that, don't you?
Toko: Are you sure it wasn't you who drifted away from them?
Nanami: ...
Toko: Err~... My bad. Forget I said that. I went too far.
Toko: Anyway, I'm not gonna leave you.
Nanami: You won't...?
Toko: Yeah, I totally won't! Look me in the eye.
Nanami: Your eyes...
Nanami: They're very big.
Toko: Seriously? The size of my eyes...?
Toko: In any case, I'd say leaving this picture hidden is a huge waste! It deserves to be seen by more people!
Nanami: ... But...
Toko: Ah! How about this, then?
Toko: I just had this super awesome idea! I am such a genuis~.
Nanami: What's this great idea of yours...?
Toko: Come closer. The idea is we take this picture and~... Whisper, whisper.
Nanami: What?! But if we do that...
Toko: It's an awesome idea, isn't it? This is gonna be so great~.
Nanami: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
