event157-05 Chapter 4: Will It Really Be Okay?

Toko has a brilliant idea. She has the band gather at a restaurant, however...

(Character: Lisa Imai, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Restaurant]

Nanami: Welcome to our restaurant... Ah, Toko-chan! You came~.
Toko: Whoa, nice~! You really are working!
Nanami: What about Shiro-chan and the others? Aren't all of you supposed to be here together?
Toko: Well~, I couldn't wait to see how you're doing at work, so I came ahead.
Toko: And I also just had to show you this!
Nanami: That's a pretty big bag... What's in it?
Toko: Fu fu fu, you wanna know~...?
Toko: Ta-dah~! It's the new t-shirts I designed~!
Nanami: ...! Are those...?
Toko: Hey, what's with that reaction? This is the part where you're supposed to be cheering.
Toko: Look! I'd say I did a pretty good job of copying your painting onto the shirts, right?
Nanami: You actually made the t-shirts... Are you sure this was a good idea?
Nanami: I can't imagine there'd be people who would want something like this...
Toko: Trust me, there are a ton! I bet everyone's gonna be talking about these shirts as soon as I post about it online~.
Nanami: I don't know... But if you're okay with it, I guess...
Nanami: Ah, just making sure, but about that picture being by me...
Toko: Don't worry, I know! I won't tell anyone!
Toko: You know me. I always keep my promises. And everyone knows my lips are as tight as the strings of my grandma's kinchaku bags.
Nanami: I have no idea how tight that is... but please don't break your promise, okay?
Toko: I gotta say~, it was a good idea even for me~. I just happened to be having trouble deciding what new item to release for my brand. This was totally two birds with one stone.
Nanami: (I wonder if it'll really work out...)
Tsukushi: Ah, Toko-chan, you're here already.
Toko: You guys are late~. And you're the ones who are always telling me to arrive on time. Sheesh~.
Tsukushi: W-we're not late! You're just early!
Nanami: Fufu... Hi, welcome to our restaurant.
Nanami: Allow me to show you to your table. This way, please~.
(Black cut)
Nanami: Thank you for your order. That will be two orange juices, one iced tea, and one tropical juice. Will that be all?
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Ohhh~.
Tsukushi: You seem so grown-up!
Mashiro: That's a cute uniform. It looks so good on you.
Nanami: It does? Ehehe...
Rui: The two of you will inconvenience the establishment if you keep her here any longer.
Mashiro: Ah, right... I'm sorry.
Nanami: It's okay. Thank you for your order~. I'll be back with it shortly.
Tsukushi: ... Working part-time, huh~?
Toko: What, what? You interested in working too, Fusuke?
Tsukushi: Maybe a little... Nanami-chan looked so grown-up and sophisticated.
Rui: Kirigaya-san, you should place that bag by the window. Kurata-san is having trouble finding space to sit because of it.
Toko: Ah, my bad! There you go... Come on over, Shiro!
Mashiro: Thank you. That was a really huge bag, by the way. Were you doing some shopping?
Toko: Actually~, there's something inside that I wanna show you all~.
Lisa: Hm? Oh, hey, Toko!
Tsukushi: Ah, Lisa-senpai, hello!
Lisa: Heya~☆ What's going on? Is this some kind of Morfonica tea party?
Toko: Something like that. Are you on your own, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Mm-hmm. I'm supposed to have band practice, but I left home early by mistake, so I'm trying to kill some time.
Toko: In that case, why don't you join us?
Lisa: Um, are you sure? I wouldn't want to intrude...
Tsukushi: You wouldn't be intruding at all! Please join us if you'd like!
Lisa: Well, I guess I could stick around until practice☆ So, what is it that you're so eager to show me?
Toko: Fufufu, are you ready~...? Ta-dah! It's my brand's latest item!
Lisa: Latest item? That t-shirt? Interesting... It looks like it would feel like it's just the right size, and the colors are really cute!
Toko: That's not all~. The real selling point of this shirt is... the back print!
Mashiro: ...?!
Rui: ... This picture...
Lisa: Wow! It's so stylish! Is it an oil painting? It has that artistic feel to it!
Toko: You noticed how artsy it is, huh? Your eye is as good as ever, Lisa-san~!
Tsukushi: It's a lovely picture... I could look at it forever.
Lisa: The embroidery around it is nice, too~. It really goes well with the painting.
Toko: Right~? I wanted to add a little something extra, so I made the embroidery look like a picture frame.
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: It's such a mystical and beautiful painting.
Mashiro: I had this image of waiting for the sun to rise while looking forward to tomorrow...
Lisa: Waiting for the sun to rise, huh...? I can see that. It does feel very hopeful.
Lisa: No wonder you're Morfonica's songwriter☆ Not everyone can come up with such an image.
Mashiro: I-it's nothing really...
Nanami: Thank you for waiting. Here is your or- Lisa-senpai?
Lisa: Heya~☆ Hope you don't mind me crashing the Morfonica tea party~.
Nanami: You're always welcome~... Wait, that t-shirt...
Tsukushi: It's the new item for Toko-chan's brand. Look at this painting! Don't you think it's amazing?
Nanami: Um...
Toko: Aww~, all that praise made me so happy~. Alright, then... I'm giving each of you one of these shirts!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Really?!
Toko: Actually, that was my plan all along. That's why I brought a lot of samples. There's enough for Roselia too, Lisa-san!
Lisa: Gee, thanks~! I bet Yukina and the others will also love it. I'll be sure to wear it!
Nanami: (Everyone likes it a lot... Toko-chan was right...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
