event254-06 Chapter 5: Conclusion

Things she wants to do. People she wants to be with. After thinking it through, Arisa finds her answer.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ichigaya Residence - Arisa's Room]

Arisa: Finally home~~... That meeting went on forever...
Arisa: The festival paperwork isn’t done yet either... And on top of that, I still need to fill this out...
Arisa: Sigh... Career planning survey... What should I even write?
Arisa: ...Maybe Yotsuba Girls University after all.
Arisa: The Yotsuba Girls band members looked like they were having so much fun... I guess I just want Poppin'Party to stay like that.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Teacher: Ichigaya-san, make sure to think carefully about the future you want to pursue.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Arisa: ...I *am* thinking about it seriously...
Arisa's Grandmother: Arisa, you're back? Why are you sitting here in the dark? There's some snacks—want some?
Arisa: Ah, yeah...
Arisa's Grandmother: Arisa, isn't this the snack you used to like? There’s enough for everyone in Poppin'Party,  so make sure to share it with them next time they come over.
Arisa: Sure. Hey, Grandma...
Arisa's Grandmother: What is it?
Arisa: ...Ah, never mind! Thanks for the snacks.
Arisa's Grandmother: Hehe, What’s going on? You’re acting funny, Arisa.
Arisa: (If I told her I might get a recommendation for Keiho,  Grandma would definitely be happy...)
Arisa: (The whole reason I even applied for student council was because  I thought it’d lead to opportunities like this...)
Arisa: (When I went for the campus tour, the atmosphere was amazing, and considering my academic abilities... choosing Keiho really seems like the right decision...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kasumi: Yeah! Let’s create the best song together!
Arisa, Tae, Saya & Rimi: Yeah!!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Arisa: But... what if I end up being the only one going to Keiho...? That would be...
Arisa: I don't want that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few minutes later]

Arisa: ...Alright, I think I’ve gathered all the contact information for the food trucks and vendors.
Arisa: Now the tricky part... figuring out how to fit all these vendors onto the flyers...
Rimi: Good evening, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Huh? What's up, Rimi? Weren’t you supposed to be at cram school today?
Rimi: Yeah, I’m just on my way back. I thought you might be working on some of the paperwork, Arisa-chan. Oh, here’s something for you.
Arisa: Choco cornet... Thanks, Rimi.
Rimi: Are you working on the flyers? Let me help out too.
Arisa: Really? Wow... Honestly, that’d be a huge help.
Rimi: I’m glad! I was hoping I could lend you a hand. You’re already super busy with the student council, and now you’re in charge of the flyers and the website too.
Arisa: But even if you say that, everyone else is just as busy, right?
Arisa: And besides... just the other day, I told everyone, 'If we’re going to work on a new song, stick to the schedule,' all high and mighty—so I can't just turn around and ask for help now.
Rimi: It wasn't high and mighty at all. Thanks to what you said, Arisa-chan, I felt like I really had to take things seriously.
Rimi: And didn’t Kasumi-chan say this the other day?
Rimi: No matter how hard things get, we’ve always been able to overcome them together.'
Rimi: That’s why I think we should face this festival together too and get through it as a team.
Arisa: Rimi... thanks. Then, could you organize this table for me?
Rimi: Yeah, got it. Haha... but you know, Kasumi-chan back then was so cool, wasn’t she?
Arisa: ...Not that I’d ever say this to her face, but Kasumi’s words have this strange way of giving you energy, don’t they?
Rimi: I totally get that...! It’s like I’ve gotten courage from Kasumi-chan myself, you know?
Arisa: Like when she said, 'No matter what happens, Poppin'Party is still Poppin'Party. The five of us will definitely be okay!'
Arisa: It made me feel like there’s really nothing we can’t do, like I could believe it from the bottom of my heart...
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Arisa: I felt like... I was really happy I joined Poppin'Party, you know? At that moment, I really thought so...
Rimi: If you told Kasumi-chan that, she’d be super happy to hear it.
Arisa: Yeah, like I’d ever say that. I’m taking that one to my grave.
Rimi: (No matter what happens, Poppin'Party is still Poppin'Party. So... even if we’re apart, maybe Poppin'Party can still stay Poppin'Party.)
Rimi: (No, that’s not it. Even if we’re apart, I want to stay as Poppin'Party. I want to stay friends. If that’s how I feel, then I need to muster the courage and tell everyone.)
Rimi: (I have to tell them what I really want to do. I’ve got to start by saying it...!)
Rimi: I’ve made my decision...!
Arisa: W-What’s up, Rimi... Why the sudden energy?
Rimi: Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you. Well... I’ll tell you more about it next time.
Arisa: Huh? Alright. Well then, let’s wrap this up quick and grab some chocolate coronets.
Rimi: Yeah...! I’ll do my best!
Arisa: (“No matter what happens, Poppin'Party is still Poppin'Party”... huh.)
Arisa: (...That’s right. Poppin’Party has to stay together, no matter what.)
Arisa: (...Alright. In that case, I’ll—)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: (“First choice: Yotsuba Women’s University”)
(Black cut)
