event254-04 Chapter 3: What should we do!?

Poppin'Party's excitement grows for the rock festival. In the midst of it, Kasumi makes a suggestion...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[1 Hour Later]

[Park]

Rimi: So this park is going to be the stage, huh... Looking at it again, it’s actually pretty spacious.
Arisa: For now, it’s still just the usual park, though.
Saya: Let’s see... according to the stage layout plan the community revitalization department chief made for us...
Kasumi: Let me take a look... oh, there’ll be a big stage over there, and another one over here...
Arisa: Looks like the spot we’re in right now is where the audience seating will be.
Kasumi: This is where tons and tons of people will come, right? They’ll stop and listen like this, won’t they?
Tae: Not just that. Since it’s a festival, people can enjoy the music while eating food or drinking juice.
Kasumi: Wowww! O-Tae, that sounds absolutely amazing...!!
Rimi: Getting to wander around the stages while eating a chocolate cornet— that’s such a luxury, isn’t it?
Saya: And since it’s outdoors, the sound will echo so far... It’ll feel amazing to perform here!
Kasumi: That’s it! Since it’s outdoors, why don’t we do something special with the stage effects?
Arisa: Special? Like what?
Kasumi: Like... releasing tons of balloons! It’s outdoors, so it would look absolutely beautiful.
Tae: Great idea! Then let’s also set off some fireworks with a big boom! And maybe some flames shooting up with a whoosh!
Kasumi: Whoa, that’s awesome! Let’s definitely do it!
Arisa: Hey, hey, hold on a second. That’s obviously impossible. We need to think more realistically here.
Saya: Well, sure, maybe some of it’s a bit unrealistic... but like Kasumi said earlier, isn’t it important to just say what we want to do first? We want to make a festival that everyone will love!
Arisa: Hmm... yeah, you’re right. Deciding something’s impossible from the start isn’t great either...
Arisa: Alright then! Let’s all come up with things we’d like to try at the festival!
Kasumi: Me, me, meeee!! There’s something I absolutely want to do!!
Saya: Oh? What is it?
Kasumi: I want to make a new song!
Arisa: Called it... I totally knew you were going to say that.
Kasumi: But it’s a festival! And I want to turn this excited, heart-pounding feeling I have right now into a song~~!
Arisa: I’ve said it before, but everyone’s already super busy as it is. We’ve got to handle running the festival, preparing for it, and practicing as a band too. Even so... you’re really going to do this?
Saya: The schedule we’re juggling right now is already pretty intense. If we add even more to it... Hehe, it’s definitely going to be really rewarding, though.
Arisa: ‘Rewarding’ doesn’t even begin to cover it. This is going to be the hardest thing we’ve ever done—it’s guaranteed.
Kasumi: But... but let’s do it! We’ve tackled so many tough things before, and we’ve always made it through by working together!
Kasumi: No matter what happens, Poppin'Party is Poppin'Party. With the five of us, we’ll be fine! As long as we’re together, we can do anything. That’s what Poppin’Party is all about!
Arisa, Rimi, Saya & Tae: ...Kasumi. ...Kasumi-chan.
Rimi: Me too. I know it’s going to be a lot of work, but... I really want to do a new song.
Arisa: Rimi...
Rimi: I want to create a new song filled with everything we feel about this festival. What do you all think?
Tae: I feel the same way. Let’s make a new song.
Saya: You can't ignore that feeling of wanting to do something. Let’s just go for it and aim high!
Arisa: ...Well, I figured it’d come to this. Alright, let’s do it! But make sure to pay extra attention to your schedule and take care of your health, got it?
Kasumi: Yeah! Let’s create the best song ever, together!
Arisa, Tae, Saya & Rimi: Yeah!!
Arisa: Alright, let’s wrap up the site inspection here and head back soon.
Saya: Yeah, the sun’s starting to set. We can go over the details at our next practice session.
Kasumi: Hey, hey, Rimirin! How about this melody for the new song? Fuhn fuh fuh fuh fuuuuhn~♪ Something like that!
Rimi: Wow, that sounds great! What if we connect it like this instead?
Saya: Wait, you two are already working on it?! Haha, you’re so full of energy!
Kasumi: Saya, Saya! What kind of melody do you think would be good?
Saya: Huh, me? Hmm, let’s see—
Tae: The new song feels like it’s going to turn out great.
Arisa: Hey, hey, isn’t it a bit early to say that? But... whenever we get this hyped up, we always manage to make a great song.
Tae: Yeah, I’m really looking forward to it.
Arisa: You know, I was just thinking... Kasumi’s really leveled up, hasn’t she?
Arisa: She was already amazing, but now her ‘sparkling heart-pounding power’ has grown even more. And her ability to bring people together has really gone up, too.
Tae: Yeah, but I think Arisa’s powered up just as much as Kasumi.
Arisa: What? Me? I haven’t changed at all.
Tae: You don’t realize it? I honestly think you’re the one who’s changed the most, Arisa.
Arisa: I’ve just gotten used to going along with Kasumi’s antics, that’s all. I haven’t really changed.
Arisa: Come on, you don’t think Kasumi’s going to stay the same even in university? She’s totally going to be that hyper, restless college student.
Tae: Yeah, I think so too. But...
Arisa: But?
Tae: Kasumi, you, and me... Even when we’re in college, even when we’re adults, even when we’re old grannies—I think we’ll still be just like this.
Tae: Poppin'Party is Poppin'Party no matter what happens.
Arisa: ...O-Tae. You’re really good at saying embarrassing stuff so casually.
Tae: Embarrassing? What’s embarrassing?
Arisa: Ah, never mind. If you don’t get it, forget it. Seriously, O-Tae, it’s so annoying how you’re completely unaware of it...
Arisa: Wait, are we seriously gonna keep doing band stuff even when we’re old grannies?! That’d be way too tough physically.
Tae: True. Then we better start building up our stamina for old age, huh?
Arisa: No way! How much are you planning ahead if you’re talking about old age already?!
Tae: For the sake of Granny Poppin’Party, let’s go jogging together, Arisa!
Arisa: No way in hell! ...Haha, geez. You’re seriously always jumping the gun.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
