event218-02 Chapter 1: Signs of Gradual Change

Ran and Moca go home together the same as always, but everyone else seems busy.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Moca: Ran~, let's go home together~.
Ran: Sure... Wait, where's everyone else?
Moca: Oh, you haven't heard~? Tsugu has student council, obviously. Tomo-chin has dance club, and Hii-chan went home ahead to do her cram school assignments.
Ran: I see.
Moca: Incidentally, yours truly happens to be totally available~.
Ran: Your point?
Moca: Wanna get some practice at the studio done, just the two of us~? This is me asking you out on a date, by the way~.
Ran: A date...? You could've just asked like a normal person, but whatever, sure.
Moca: Yay~. Let me book us a studio then~. Ahaha, it's gonna be just you and me in the whole wide world~.
Ran: ... Sigh~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Ako: Sis, that dance step just now during the chorus part where you raised your leg all straight midway was super-duper cool!
Tomoe: Ahaha, I tried doing a bit of improv.
Student A: Way to go, Captain! People are going to love our club's introduction for sure!
Tomoe: You're giving me way too much credit. Still, let's all work together to make our intro cool!
Ako: Yeah! Oh, I just remembered! There's a part with that dance that I'm kinda worried about... Could you teach me?
Student B: I could use some teaching too!
Student C: Ah, same here!
Tomoe: Hahaha, sure thing. How about we do some morning practice tomorrow? It's been a while.
Ako: That sounds great~! You really are so cool, Sis...!
Ako: I'm gonna become an upperclassman like you! And when some first-years join after our club intro, I'm gonna teach them lots of stuff the same way you do~!
Tomoe: Nice, I'm sure they'll appreciate it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Himari: Uh, -zu, -zara, -zu, -zari, -zu, -nu, -zara... -ne... Wait, no, it's -zu, -zara, -zu, -zari, -zu, -nu... -zaru...? Or was it -zare?
Himari: Everything's so similar that I'm starting to have trouble telling which one's which! What are the -zu form conjugations again?
Rimi: Oh, the memorization technique our cram school instructor just taught us... I think it's... -zu, -zara, -zu, -zari, -zu, -nu, -zaru, -ne, -zare, -zare.
Himari: That's the one! It has to be -zu, -zara, -zu, -zari, -zu, -nu, -zaru, -ne, -zare, -zare!
Rimi: When it comes to classical literature conjugations, there's so much to memorize, isn't there...?
Himari: Tell me about it~. Stuff like upper monograde conjugations and upper bigrade conjugations are so confusing that my brain just loses it.
Rimi: But conjugation problems are pretty much guaranteed to show up, so we do need to be able to solve them.
Himari: Ugh~, I can't wait to be freed from studying~! Hey, hey, what do you want to do once you're in college?
Rimi: Hmm~, I think I might want to broaden my horizons. You?
Himari: Fufu, there are so many things I wanna do~.
Himari: I wanna take all kinds of classes, and I wanna try joining a club too! Oh, and I wanna try out every dessert at the cafeteria! Also, I wanna work on my fashion, and~...
Rimi: Fufufu, it sounds like you really do have a lot of things you want to do. Maybe thinking about them will help you work on your cram school assignments.
Himari: True! Let's do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: ... Interesting.
Ran: I think I can get more ideas than I expected from this exhibit catalog. Like this way of using empty space... I've never really thought of doing it like that.
Ran: Oh, it's the guys...
Tomoe: "Himari, you figure out what to say for the club intro?"
Himari: "I couldn't because I had cram school~! I'll do it tomorrow!"
Moca: "Hii-chan, that English assignment is also due tomorrow~."
Himari: "Thanks for the reminder! You're a real lifesaver~, Moca!"
Ran: Oops... I forgot about that one too...
Tsugumi: "The student council finished getting everything ready for the new student club introductions! Himari-chan, Tomoe-chan, it's up to you now!"
Ran: Everyone really feels like they're third-years...
Moca: "Ohh~, look at how busy you all are~. Living the third-year life, are we?"
Moca: "Meanwhile, I went on a date with Ran today~"
Ran: ...?! What a load of nonsense...
Ran: "Moca... shut up."
Ran: ... We're already third-years, huh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
