event218-06 Chapter 5: Past Dreams, Present Day

After the club introductions, Himari is approached by a new student.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Tsugumi: Himari-chan, Tomoe-chan, those were some great club introductions! People really enjoyed them!
Himari: Enjoy them they did, but~...! Sigh...
Moca: No need to beat yourself up even if you missed your serve three times in a row and the rallies ended because of you...
Himari: Moca~! Stop rubbing it in, will you~?!
Ran: You could hear people cheering for you, so you probably made an impression at least.
Tomoe: Yeah! Everyone in the gym came together as one the moment of that last serve!
Himari: But I got it perfectly when I rehearsed! That's what I wanted to show~.
Tsugumi: Fufufu, I think everyone felt your passion though. I'm sure you'll be able to make up for it once the club trial periods start next week!
Himari: Sigh~... I really wanted our club intro to be the sort that gets people talking about how cool it was~...
New Student A: P-pardon me... You're the vice-captain of the tennis club, aren't you? The one who did the club introduction earlier...
Himari: Oh, yeah. That would be me... I guess...
New Student B: We're interested in joining the tennis club... but do you accept people who are new?
Himari: ... Huh?! O-of course we do...
New Student A: Phew~. We were just saying we wanted to play with upperclassmen like you guys! The tennis club's recruitment pitch earlier made it seem really fun!
Himari: Really~? Thank goodness some people out there felt that way~.
Himari: I'll, like, make sure to teach you properly, starting with the basics, so you've got nothing to worry about!
New Student B: Okay! Thank you very much! We'll go and submit our sign-up sheets later then!
Moca: Oh~, looks like the club intro's paying off already~.
Himari: I am seriously relieved~. I was so worried about what would happen if we didn't get any new students because of me... Sob~... Sniff...
Ran: ... Huh? It's not something worth crying over, is it...?
Tomoe: Actually, being up there really is nerve-racking. I totally get where Himari's coming from.
Himari: Tomoe~.
Tomoe: Everyone in the dance club was also pretty nervous while we were in the wings.
Dance Club Member: U-um, Tomoe-senpai...
Tomoe: Hey, what's up! Our dance turned out pretty good, don't you think? I feel like we managed to showcase what makes our club the place to be!
Dance Club Member: B-but... I lost my balance during the big finish of our closer... We all practiced, and I messed it up... I'm so sorry...
Tomoe: Don't worry about it. At least now you know just how difficult that part is. It means you'll be extra-conscious of it, right?
Tomoe: Everyone messes up anyway. As long as you can learn from it, it's totally fine!
Tomoe: Say, how about we go over that part during practice today?
Dance Club Member: Alright! Thank you very much! I'll be going now!
Tomoe: Ahaha, glad to see you're feeling better.
Tsugumi: I can see why you're the captain, Tomoe-chan.
Himari: That felt new. Your captain's side isn't something we usually get to see.
Moca: Yeah~. You were like some kind of enthusiastic superhero~.
Moca: Just look at how beloved you've become~. And to think you were feared by your underclassmen when you first became a second-year~. You've grown so much~.
Ran: Whose perspective is that supposed to be from?
Tomoe: Ahaha... Superhero, huh...?
Ran: That made you that happy?
Tomoe: Nah, I'm not happy or anything. I was just thinking that what we said when we were kids is turning out to be pretty true.
Himari: Huh? What do you mean...?
Tomoe: Remember what we were talking about last time? You know, about when we were little and the things we said we wanted to become when we grew up.
Tsugumi: Oh, I see! In that case, I think it's also come true for you, Himari-chan. You're a cute and popular princess!
Himari: Wait, really...?
Tsugumi: I'm sure of it. Those first-years earlier probably wanted to join the tennis club because of that charm of yours.
Himari: When you put it that way, I kinda feel really flattered...!
Moca: Maybe we've actually become the things we said we wanted to become back then~.
Ran: Back then...
Himari: Tsugu said she wanted to become a magician... right? How do you explain that?
Tomoe: The way she quickly resolves everyone's problems is kinda like magic, you could maybe say.
Tsugumi: R-really?
Moca: Yeah, and I'm always correctly guessing what you guys are thinking, just like a detective~.
Tomoe: That one feels a bit forced...
Himari: Then what about Ran? Wait, I don't think we actually heard what you said you wanted to become...
Ran: It's not important. I still haven't recalled what I said anyway.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: I-I want to...
Ran: ...
(Black cut)
