event218-03 Chapter 2: Supportive President

A student comes to the student council room, and Tsugumi offers some advice.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Masuki Sato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: These papers are due today... and these pamphlets-
Ran: Tsugumi, finished organizing the files.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Ran-chan! You're a huge help.
Ran: No problem. It's not like I have any real plans for today...
Library Committee Member: Um~, excuse me, President. I'm on the student library committee, and there's something I'd like to discuss...
Tsugumi: Oh, sure! What is it?
Library Committee Member: Reading Week started last week, but not many students are using the library, so we're trying to build more interest...
Tsugumi: I noticed the posters you made and the work you were doing to spread awareness... So that's what they were for.
Tsugumi: Maybe a different approach is what's needed to get more people to participate though.
Ran: How about a lunchtime broadcast? Seta-san's segment is gone now, and a lot of people seem to miss it.
Tsugumi: Good point! A schoolwide announcement just might work!
Tsugumi: Oh, I know! Maybe you could try introducing some interesting books while you're advertising!
Library Committee Member: Introduce books...?
Tsugumi: A brief summary should do. It might also be nice to introduce other books by the same author.
Library Committee Member: We can do that?! If we do, people will probably be a whole lot more interested!
Tsugumi: You'll have to talk to the broadcasting committee, but I think it's completely fine.
Tsugumi: After all, school is a place that exists for us! We should do what we think is best.
Tsugumi: Also, I'll make sure the student council spreads the word about Reading Week!
Ran: I'll tell our classmates about it as well.
Library Committee Member: Thank you very much! I'll take it up with the broadcasting committee!
Tsugumi: Great! Come anytime if you need help, okay?
Tsugumi: ... Phew~. That was rather sudden and unexpected... Do you think I was able to give proper advice?
Ran: ... That was really something.
Tsugumi: Hm?
Ran: I thought the advice you gave was great.
Tsugumi: Y-you think...? I just really wanted to do what I could to help since they came all the way to talk about it.
Tsugumi: Besides, I only came up with what I did because of your suggestion.
Ran: I didn't really do anything...
Tsugumi: Thanks for always helping me, Ran-chan! I need to work harder as Haneoka's student council president!
Ran: You already are. Whenever you're not around, Tomoe's always going on about how worried she is that you might collapse again.
Tsugumi: Ahahaha, that won't happen...! Oh, by the way, Tomoe-chan said she has her part-time job today, didn't she?
Ran: Yeah. She spent the whole time during recess pretending to drain noodles just so she could look cool doing it.
Tsugumi: She looked so serious, didn't she? What do you think about paying a visit to observe her research results?
Ran: Fufu, sounds like fun. I bet she'll be surprised when we show up.
Tsugumi: I'll text Himari-chan and Moca-chan then!
Tsugumi: "Emergency! Meet at six in front of Galaxy Ramen!" There.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy Ramen]

Tomoe: I'll wash the pots now while I still can.
MASKING (Masuki): Cool, thanks!
Tomoe: Welcome to Gal-... Huh?! You guys?!
Moca: Tomo-chin's surprised~. Fufu, surprise successful~.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh! Welcome to Galaxy Ramen! Looks like the whole gang's here!
Himari: Ehehe~! We've come to visit!
Tomoe: Wish you'd let me know you were coming~. I seriously freaked out~.
Ran: Wouldn't be much of a surprise if we had.
Tsugumi: Fufu, actually, we came up with the idea pretty suddenly.
Himari: I've been wondering what was up because the message said "Emergency!" This kind of emergency, though, is welcome anytime♪
MASKING (Masuki): You guys have been standin' long enough. Go ahead and make yourselves comfortable. So, what'll it be?
Tsugumi: By the way, Tomoe-chan, what's your recommendation?
Tomoe: Lemme think~. You can't go wrong no matter what you order, but... For a first... I say go with the Special Ramen!
Ran: Alright, I'll have that then.
Moca: Me too~.
Himari & Tsugumi: So will I!
Tomoe: Alright~! We've got an order of four Special Ramens!
MASKING (Masuki): Comin' right up!
Himari: Hey, hey, Masuki. What's Tomoe like during work?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Durin' work? Let's see...
Moca: She doesn't use your disposable chopsticks to drum away on the bowls, does she~?
Tomoe: I'd never do that!
MASKING (Masuki): Tomoe's like... the savior of Galaxy Ramen! Ain't that right, Boss?
Booth Worker: For real. Couldn't be happier to have Tomoe-chan aboard! She's a quick study and works fast!
Tomoe: B-Boss...! Think that's really enough!
MASKING (Masuki): Also, most importantly...
MASKING (Masuki): She's cool, right? So her popularity with the customers is also-
Tomoe: Stop it, please~! Masuki, Boss, I think you've answered the question! There's really no need to go further.
Ran: Huh~. Looks like you're pulling your weight, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: You're already so highly trusted! You really are amazing!
Himari: Yeah! Maybe you were born to work at a ramen place!
Tomoe: Seriously~, guys, cut it out, will you~?!
Moca: Your face is looking kind of red there~, Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: I-it's cause of the steam, that's all!
MASKING (Masuki): Hahaha. Here ya go, four Special Ramens!
Himari: Wow~, this looks so good~!
MASKING (Masuki): It is good. Try not to let it knock your socks off.
Moca: Oh~, how can I not have high expectations after hearing that one~? Alright, then...
Ran, Himari, Moca & Tsugumi: Let's eat~!
