event218-05 Chapter 4: Where It’s the Same as Always

Afterglow is practicing at CiRCLE, and Himari is in especially high spirits.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Himari: Mmm~! Wasn't that performance just awesome?! What did you guys think of that arrangement I threw in?!
Tomoe: That was some seriously good stuff! Especially that buildup of energy right before the chorus!
Tsugumi: Definitely! Now I feel like doing some arranging too.
Ran: Your sound today had a bounce to it for sure, Himari.
Moca: Hii-chan, were you in a good mood, by any chance~? Something nice happen maybe?
Himari: Fufu, I've been waiting for you to ask! You see~, I did some rehearsing for the club intro, and it went absolutely perfectly!
Moca: Huh, absolutely perfectly~? Pretty bold statement you're making there~.
Himari: When the new students see that move of mine, they'll all want to join the tennis club~.
Tsugumi: Such confidence...!
Himari: I do happen to have a clip of when I was rehearsing... Wanna see?
Himari: Oh, wait~. This sort of thing probably feels more amazing when you get to see it live~.
Himari: ... Yeah, think you should see it live! Now you have something to look forward to!
Tomoe: Way to go! Looking forward to it, tennis club vice-captain!
Ran: By the way, how's the dance club's intro coming along? Last time, you were saying something about doing a handstand...
Tomoe: That one's been scrapped for obvious reasons. We've decided to have everyone in the club dance in formations instead.
Tomoe: Think our club intro will shape up to be pretty sharp and cool, so you all be there, alright?
Tsugumi: Fufufu. It looks like the club introductions will be exciting!
Moca: You club types seem to have your hands full now that you're third-years~. Ran and I shall root for you from the sidelines~.
Ran: Well, dedicating yourself to club stuff is all fine and good, but make sure to give band practice the same dedication.
Ran: The third round of the GBT is coming up soon, after all.
Tomoe: Don't worry! I know we're trying to forge our legend!
Tomoe: It's not like I had that one-on-one after work yesterday with Masuki for no reason!
Himari: I'm not slacking off either! I'm always practicing on my own after finishing my cram school assignments!
Tsugumi: Let's all do our best for the GBT!
Moca: It sure looks like we're all taking steps to prepare for our future~.
Himari: Alright then~! Onward we go! This one's to our future~...
Moca: Hii-chan, don't expect a hey, hey, hoh~.
Himari: C'mon~! Did you have to stop me before I even started~?!
All: Hahahaha...
Tomoe: I gotta say... I'm real glad all five of us got to end up in the same class again.
Tsugumi: Me too. I'm so relieved as well. At least here, time is still the same as always...
Ran: The same as always, huh...
Tsugumi: Because going up a grade brought a lot of changes to our environment. Part of me feels like I need to hurry up and adjust to all these new things...
Tsugumi: It makes it feel like time is moving too quickly... Of course, trying to adjust is still important.
Tsugumi: But at least our time together is still the same as always.
Tsugumi: I was just thinking about just how much I love these moments.
Himari: So do I! I love times like these where all five of us get to be together! Even when we grow up, let's always keep being Afterglow!
Tomoe: For sure. We'll always be Afterglow!
Himari: Yeah! Afterglow is eternal, after all!
Ran: Eternal, huh...
Moca: The greatest band shall perform the greatest show, and in doing so, become eternal~... A legend~.
Tomoe: Ohh~! Sounds pretty sweet!
Tsugumi: I can feel just how motivated we all are...! Do you think we should maybe ask for a bit of an extension to keep using this studio?
Himari: Yeah! Lemme go ask!
Moca: Oh... There she goes. Nobody can leap to action as quickly as Hii-chan~.
Ran: Yeah. Once she's back, let's go over that song again we were just working on.
