event218-01 Opening: New School Term

Ran and the girls are now third-years. All is not well for Tomoe, however.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Park]

Tsugumi: What should we play today?
Himari: Let's play house! I'll be the mommy! Who do you wanna be, Ran-chan?
Ran: A-anything's okay...
Moca: Then I wanna be a baker~♪ Welcome to my bakery~.
Himari: Moca-chan, you're always the baker! Okay, Tomoe-chan, you get to be the big sister, and Tsugumi-chan, you-
Tomoe: No way~! I wanna be a superhero! That's what I'm gonna be when I'm big.
Himari: But we're playing house~. There aren't any superheroes!
Tomoe: I don't care! I wanna be a superhero!
Himari: Then I wanna be a princess!
Tsugumi: I want to be a magician! I'll fly in the sky and use magic!
Moca: I'll be a detective~.
Moca: What about you, Ran-chan~?
Ran: I-I want to...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Ran: Morning.
Moca: Yawn~. Morning~, Ran. So, did you end up using the wrong shoe locker~?
Ran: Of course not. Although, for a second, I did almost go to our second-year classroom...
Moca: Ahaha, I don't blame you~. Tomo-chin said she actually went~.
Tomoe: It's like a habit, you know? Say, didn't we all make that mistake back when we became second-years?
Tsugumi: Fufufu, we sure did. We went to the next classroom to get Ran-chan even though she was in our class.
Moca: If history's repeating itself, maybe Ran and Tomo-chin will be viewed as scary upperclassmen again~.
Tomoe: I seriously hope not~. I've gotta do club intros for the new students...
Tomoe: If every single one of them in the gym freaks out, and we don't get any new recruits, I'll never be able to look anyone in the eye as captain.
Tsugumi: I-I don't think you'll have to worry about that happening...
Moca: Well, you are the face of the dance club now, Tomo-chin~.
Ran: The club intros are next week, aren't they?
Tomoe: Thing is~, I still haven't decided what to do yet.
Tomoe: Unless I want a disaster on my hands, I really need to start thinking seriously. All I know is that I want it to be something cool, but that's it really...
Ran: You just have to inform everyone what you do as a club, right? Can't you just stick to a normal introduction?
Tomoe: Technically, yeah... But it's better to have some more oomph to make an impression, you know?
Tomoe: I mean, I do want people to say our dance club's the coolest!
Tsugumi: All of Haneoka's clubs will be taking part, after all. A way to stand out~... Hmm~.
Tomoe: Guess I'll just have to talk while doing a handstand on stage...!
Moca: Nice, a Tomo-chin's Strange and Fantastical Circus Act.
Ran: It'll make an impression, alright, but it won't be cool. Not to mention, it's got absolutely nothing to do with dance.
Tsugumi: Fufu, as the organizers of the event, the student council is available for backup, so you're welcome to come to us if you have trouble.
Tomoe: Thanks, Tsugu!
Ran: Well, I'm sure you'll manage since you still have time.
Moca: Exactly. Besides, Hii-chan's also likely to say she can't decide and come begging for help~.
Himari: Hey, morning~! What're you all talking about?
Tsugumi: We were just talking about next week's new student club introductions.
Himari: Oh... about that~...
Tsugumi: ...? What is it?
Himari: You see... I'm having trouble deciding what to say for the club intro~. I so can't say anything weird since I'm the vice-captain... I could really use some help, guys!
Ran: ... Whoa, Moca.
Moca: Fu, fu, fu~. I see through everything~.
Himari: Huh?! What's this all about?!
Ran: Nothing... Don't worry about it.
Tomoe: Himari... I'm in the same boat, actually. Let's brainstorm together!
Himari: Tomoe~! Thanks so much~!
