event218-07 Ending: A Dream Remembered

Afterglow sets their sights on the photo contest and GBT next.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

[The Next Day - After School]

Ran: Yawn~...
Moca: Still sleepy~, Ran? I bet you were up late last night~.
Ran: I wasn't trying to... I just ended up going to bed late because I was reading over a flower arrangement exhibit catalog.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, don't push yourself too hard, okay?
Ran: Right back at you, Tsugumi. Preparing for that photo contest is a lot of work, isn't it?
Tsugumi: Ahahaha, sort of, I guess. Everyone seems glad we get to do it again this year though. Compared to last year, we have twice the number of submissions!
Moca: Oh~, nice~.
Tomoe: Looks like all that effort you put into making sure the contest didn't get canceled paid off, huh, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm! And thanks!
Himari: Once it's over, it'll finally be time to get serious about practicing for the third round of the GBT!
Tomoe: Seriously~, we've got, like, no time to rest 'cause of all these events! Sure feels like third-year spring, alright!
Himari: I want us to do even more things to make this year fulfilling since it's our last year as high schoolers~!
Himari: Each thing we do can become a part of Afterglow's legend!
Ran: Himari... keep it down, will you? It's embarrassing...
Himari: We've been on a roll lately, so if we keep this up, maybe we can even win the GBT!
Tsugumi: Fufufu. All the more reason for us to practice hard.
Tomoe: Alright~! I'm gonna play the drums like crazy~!
Moca: Seeing as we're all raring to go, how about we write a new song~?
Himari: Moca, nice idea! We totally should!
Tsugumi: That sounds good to me! Ran-chan, what do you think?
Ran: Sure... I'm cool with that.
Himari: Okay then, we all need to come up with tons of phrases before our next practice session!
Moca: When's the next one again~?
Tomoe: Wait, I thought we were going to start practicing from today.
Tsugumi: Actually, we won't start studio practice until tomorrow.
Ran: Sorry, this one's on me. I can't make it today. There's something I just have to do.
Moca: Can't be helped then~. Let's work hard starting tomorrow~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Living Room]

Ran: ...
Ran: (These exhibit catalogs I borrowed from the library are a goldmine of ideas...)
Ran: (I never knew you could use materials like these in flower arrangement...)
Ran: ... I'd like to try making a large piece like this.
Ran: (Fufu, if my first-year self saw me now, I bet she'd be surprised.)
Ran: (Even if I told her, I doubt she'd believe just how serious I am about flower arrangement...)
Ran: (... Now that I'm a third-year, I find it's not bad to spend time like this.)
Ran: (It's thanks to all those times and moments up to this point that I can feel this way now...)
Ran: (That's why I want to give the GBT my all, and I want our show to be our greatest yet.)
Ran: (I really do feel this way.)
Ran: (... Just as strongly, though, I want to expand my repertoire for flower arrangement...)
Ran: (... And when the next exam for promotion to instructor comes around, I'll make absolutely sure I...)
Ran: ... Oh yeah. Back then, I said...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: I-I want to...
Ran: ... become a flower arranger...
(Black cut)
