event218-04 Chapter 3: Spring Night One-on-One

Tomoe and MASKING have a heart-to-heart about their bands after work.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Masuki Sato)

[Convenience Store - Entrance]

Tomoe: Man~, I seriously freaked out when everyone showed up.
MASKING (Masuki): Those are some good friends you've got.
Tomoe: It was embarrassing. Like having your parents watching how you're doing in class on parents' day... but I guess I don't mind every now and then.
MASKING (Masuki): A so-called "not bad," huh?
Tomoe: Ahaha, in Ran-speak, yeah.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, you guys already go through the second round of the GBT?
Tomoe: Uh-huh! Might be a bit more before we play against you guys. Oh boy~! Can't wait to have a drum-off against you at the GBT, Masuki!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, same here. I'm gonna go full throttle on the big stage!
Tomoe: I guess being a Contest Crusher teaches you how to talk the talk.
MASKING (Masuki): Right? We ain't seen our share of scuffles for nothin'.
Tomoe: Well, we're still winning the tournament though~.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What makes you think you can beat us?
Tomoe: Because we're determined to kick off our legend by winning the GBT!
MASKING (Masuki): Ahaha, legend, huh? You sure think big.
Tomoe: The bigger the better with goals, right?
MASKING (Masuki): True. Then, for me, it's "Change the world."
MASKING (Masuki): Changin' the world with our music... That was the goal CHU² raised when she formed RAS, and it's my goal too.
MASKING (Masuki): To be honest, it's not like I believed in it a hundred percent from the start, but playin' as RAS's drummer made me think maybe I could with those guys...
MASKING (Masuki): You know... band's pretty amazin', huh?
Tomoe: Heh, that's just stating the obvious. Of course it is!
MASKING (Masuki): You still got time, Tomoe?
Tomoe: ...? Uh, I do, but...
MASKING (Masuki): You wanna play the drums a bit at Galaxy?
Tomoe: I like the sound of that! Count me in!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: Me and Masuki talked about all sorts of stuff after work yesterday. Then we duked it out one-on-one! That was a good one, alright~!
Himari: Wait, you duked it out?!
Moca: Ah, to be young again~. So, by the river~? Or was it a shrine~?
Tomoe: Huh...? Oh! No, no, that's not what I meant by duke it out! I meant play the drums at Galaxy against each other!
Himari: Oh~, I thought you meant you two had a fight!
Tomoe: Why would we ever do something so dangerous?
Ran: This is the two of you we're talking about. It really wouldn't be a surprise.
Himari: In any case, it sounds like you guys had one of those teenage moments, don't you think?
Himari: Two guys having a heart-to-heart at a convenience store at night! Exchanging manly handshakes...! It's the kind of stuff the main character of a delinquent manga does!
Moca: Knowing you, Tomo-chin, I'm betting you both talked about your dreams while you were at it~.
Ran: No doubt about it.
Tomoe: ...?!
Moca: That was a sign of guilt if I ever saw one~. Did you end up saying you wanted to be a superhero just like you did back when we were little~?
Tomoe: No way! We're high school third-years now!
Moca: I think it's pretty important to hold on to that childhood side of yourself though~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. We did talk about that when we were little, didn't we? About what we wanted to become.
Himari: We did...? I don't really remember... I wonder what I said at the time...
Moca: Hii-chan, I think you said you wanted to run a cake shop so you could eat cake every day~.
Ran: That does sound like something you'd say.
Himari: Hmm~, now that you mention it, I guess I maybe did say something like that~...
Tsugumi: I have a feeling you said you wanted to be a princess, Himari-chan.
Himari: Ah, that's probably it!
Himari: I remember wanting to be like the kind of cute and popular princesses that showed up in anime!
Tomoe: Ahahahaha, you never change, huh~, Himari.
Himari: I do too~. By the way, do you remember what you said back then, Moca?
Moca: I think... I probably said detective~. That was my number one favorite job at the time~. What about you~, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: I don't remember clearly... but I feel like I went through a phase where I said I wanted to become a magician.
Tomoe: Ohh! That does sound kinda familiar! Think it was something about wanting to use magic to help people!
Ran: You know, I'm surprised you guys remember so clearly.
Himari: You're the last one left, Ran! What did you say?
Ran: I...
Ran: (... Hm?)
Ran: (What did I say back then...?)
