event182-03 Chapter 2: Detective Moca: The Owner Search

What they've found appears to be important. Tsugumi makes a suggestion.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Forest Park - Pond]

Moca: Did someone drop this album?
Tsugumi: Looking inside... there are a lot of instant camera photos.
Himari: These are the kind of photos you can take and print on the spot! They're so retro and cute~♪
Ran: The girls in the photos have the same school uniforms as us. Does that mean the person who dropped this is from Haneoka?
Tomoe: I haven't seen any of these girls around. What year are they in?
Ran: Their neckties are beige, so they're in the year above us.
Tomoe: Ah, right.
Moca: Our school's pretty big, after all~. I'm sure there are a lot of upperclassmen we don't know.
Tomoe: Some photos were taken at school, but a lot of them are sakura party ones. Are these from this park?
Himari: Ahaha, the picture of them fooling around in front of the bronze statue is great. They're all doing the same pose as the statue.
Tomoe: Haha, you're right. They're all smiling and having fun. This is a great pic.
Moca: Mhm, it's totally oozing adolescence~.
Tsugumi: Yeah. You can tell that they're enjoying their high school life, and that they love their friends...
Tsugumi: ...
Ran: Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: Um, I think I'd like to find the girl who dropped this and return it to her... What do you think?
Moca: I know how you feel, but isn't it pretty likely she already went home~?
Tomoe: You've got a point. These pictures look like they were taken during the daytime, after all.
Tsugumi: B-but she still might be here!
Tsugumi: This album has to be really important. I'm sure she must be desperately looking for it right now. That's why... I want to return it to her.
Moca, Himari, Tomoe & Ran: ...
Himari: Tsugu~! Aw~, you're so kind!
Tomoe: Can't really argue when Tsugu insists this much. Plus, if it's an important album, we'll want to give it back right away.
Moca: Welp, shall we give it a Tsugurific try~?
Ran: Sure, let's all search together.
Tsugumi: ... Thanks, you guys!
Himari: If we can't find her, let's try talking to Lisa-senpai tomorrow! She knows a lot of people, so she might know this girl.
Himari: Okay~. Let's find the owner of this album~! Hey, hey...
Tsugumi & Himari: Hoh!
Himari: Tsugu...! Thank you~! You guys, Tsugu said "hoh" with me! C'mon, guys, say it with us!
Moca: Maybe next time~.
Ran: So, where do we start searching?
Tsugumi: Ah, right... This park is pretty big, so searching randomly will just tire us out. Ngh~, sorry. I didn't think this through that far.
Tomoe: No prob, it's cool. Let's come up with a plan together.
Moca: In that case~, why don't we search the spots shown in the pictures? They say the culprit always returns to the scene of the crime.
Ran: She's not a criminal.
Himari: Ah, but you might have a point! When we went looking for Tomoe's earrings, we searched all the places she went that day!
Tomoe: That's right...! We might find the girl who dropped this while we're looking!
Moca: That's what I meant~. Thanks for the assist, Hii-chan.
Himari: Ehehe~. Well, I'm a pro when it comes to looking for lost items. Just leave it to me.
Moca: Except this time, we're looking for the owner of the lost item~.
Himari: Aw~, just when I was feeling good~! Don't tease me like that~.
Tsugumi: Okay, let's try heading to this bronze statue first!
Moca: Okay, my assistants~. Follow the Great Detective Moca-chan~.
