event182-02 Chapter 1: Food Rather than Flowers

After enjoying the stalls, the girls find something on the ground by a tree.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Forest Park]

Ran: Himari, is the place you wanted to go...
Tsugumi: A food truck? They've got a flag advertising sakura crepes made specially for the season.
Moca: Hii-chan, you think about food way too much~.
Tomoe: Himari, did you seriously bring us here because you wanted to eat this...?
Himari: N-no~! I really was hoping to come here with all of you~!
Himari: Plus, look, they're sakura crepes that are only available during this season! Aren't they just so cute?
Tsugumi: She's right. They're topped with salt-pickled sakura, so they're fit for spring. There are strawberries, red bean paste, and mochi in them too. They sound so good!
Tomoe: Ohh! There're a bunch of food stalls over that way too! They've got takoyaki, yakisoba, and buttered baked potatoes!
Moca: Hrm, since it's come to this... we have to eat everything~. Tomo-chin! Hii-chan! Let's go!
Tomoe & Himari: Yeah! Okay!
Ran: Aw man... There's no stopping them now.
Tsugumi: Right. Let's get something we like to eat too.
Ran: Yeah, okay.
(Black cut)
Moca: Mmm~♪ Buttered baked potatoes are the best~. Hey, Hii-chan. Gimme a bite of your crepe.
Himari: Seriously~? Fine... but just one bite, okay?
Moca: I know, I know. It'll only be one bite. Ah~. Munch, munch~.
Himari: Ahh! Hey, Moca, that was too much~! Aw~, there's only a little bit left~.
Moca: Ehehe, thanks for sharing~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, Himari-chan, you can have some of my mini castellas. Here you go.
Himari: Huh, really?! Thank you, Tsugu~!
Tomoe: C'mon, Himari. If you eat that much, there won't be enough for her.
Tsugumi: It's okay, Tomoe-chan. I'm full already.
Tomoe: You sure? Here, you can have a bite of my grilled squid.
Moca: I'll give you a bite of my food too~. Here, say ah~.
Tsugumi: Huh?! Th-thanks, you two. Um~... Which one should I have first?
Himari: I'll share too! You can have some of my crepe as thanks! There's not much left though. Here you go.
Tsugumi: H-hold on, you guys. You can't just give me your food all at once... I-I'll eat them one at a time.
Ran: ... What is this? Feeding time?
Moca: C'mon, open up~.
Himari: Hurry, hurry~♪
Tsugumi: Ohh~, you guys are teasing me, aren't you~?!
Ran: I'll share some of my takoyaki with you too. Here... have some.
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan, now you're doing it?! I'm happy you're all sharing with me, but I can't eat this much at once~!
Ran: Pft... Ahaha, sorry, sorry. It was just kinda funny...
Tsugumi: Ohh~! Ran-chan, you're laughing too much!
All: Fufu...! Ahaha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Forest Park - Pond]

Himari: Whoa~, the pond is so pretty~! It's full of flower petals~!
Tsugumi: Yeah. The sakura petals are floating on the water... It's like an entire carpet of sakura blossoms.
Ran: I heard those are called flower rafts.
Tomoe: Wow~, you're pretty knowledgeable, Ran. I've seen them in photobooks before, but seeing them in person has a different impact. It's super pretty.
Himari: Mhm, it would look super great in a photo~. Lemme take a selfie with it as a keepsake♪ Ah! This pic might win the photo contest!
Tomoe: The deadline's over already.
Himari: Ah, I see. That's too bad...
Moca: Why not apply next year? You might do better than you think~.
Tsugumi: Next year... huh?
Moca: ...? What's wrong, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: The thing is... this might be the last year for the Haneoka Photo Contest.
Himari: What?! Really?!
Tsugumi: Yeah. Y'know how it's held every year before our tests? Some teachers have been calling for its removal in recent years because students aren't able to focus.
Himari: I see~. I know what they mean by us not being able to focus when there's a fun event going on, but~...
Tsugumi: Still, thanks to Hina-senpai's authority as the student council president, we got a lot of endorsement and managed to secure the contest for this year.
Tomoe: Ahh... I can more or less picture her persuading the teachers.
Moca: She'd probably say something like, "It's better when everyone feels boppin'~♪"
Tsugumi: Fufu. She really was amazing. Just a few words from her totally changed the mood in the staff room, and the conversation quickly went in a good direction...
Tsugumi: But if someone like her doesn't show up next year, I think it might be kind of impossible. That's why this might be the last year.
Himari: I see... And I really liked that event too~. What a shame.
Tomoe: Well, Haneoka has a lot of events, after all.
Tsugumi: Yeah... There's nothing I can do about it. I'll just have to work harder for the other events!
Moca: Yep, that might be best... Achoo!
Himari: Moca, are you okay?
Moca: Yep. It might be spring, but it sure gets chilly at night~.
Ran: Should we start heading home?
Tsugumi: Yeah, right... Huh?
Moca: What's wrong, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: There's something on the ground near the roots of that sakura tree... Here, look.
Moca: Is that~... an album?
