event182-07 Ending: Toward Spring, Skirts Swaying

Next day. Tsugumi heads to school, eyes shining like spring sunlight.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Morning]

[Hazawa Residence - Tsugumi's Room]

Tsugumi: My uniform is alright, and I've got my things! Okay... I'll be going now~!
Tsugumi's Mother: Tsugumi, do you have your bento lunch~?
Tsugumi: I don't need one today~! Wait, did you make me one? I told you yesterday you didn't have to~.
Tsugumi's Mother: Well, I already made it, so take it with you. I put in your favorites.
Tsugumi: Okay~. Thank you. See you later, then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Tsugumi: Brr, mornings are still a little cold~.
Moca: Yawn, morning~, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Ah, morning, Moca-chan. Fufu, you seem tired.
Moca: What~? Really? Thanks to seeing the sakura last night, I slept like a baby~. It's the sleepy sakura theory~.
Tsugumi: Yesterday really was fun though.
Moca: You could say that~.
Tsugumi: Hey, Moca-chan...
Moca: What~?
Tsugumi: I thought about what you told me yesterday the whole night.
Tsugumi: I thought that I was suited for supporting people rather than standing at the head of a group and leading it.
Moca: Okay.
Tsugumi: But I realized that it's important to be decisive and lead the charge when I have something I want to protect, regardless of whether I'm suited for it.
Tsugumi: That's why I'm going to ask everyone to reconsider canceling the Haneoka Photo Contest at today's meeting.
Tsugumi: Ah, I won't be able to do things like Hina-senpai, of course. What I'm saying is, I'll take the lead in my own way...
Moca: Okay. Do things the way you want~.
Tsugumi: Yeah... I will. Thanks, Moca-chan.
Himari: Tsugu, Moca! Morning~!
Tomoe: What are the two of you talking about here in front of the shoe lockers?
Moca: Hm~? We were just saying how meeting that alumna lady last night was deep like a manga~.
Moca: "The five girls had no idea that their encounter would later lead to another fateful encounter...!"
Ran: You've gotta be kidding me.
Moca: Ohh~, you just don't get it, Ran~. If this was a manga, situations like that would be good foreshadowing, y'know?
Ran: This isn't a manga, though. It's real life.
Tsugumi: Actually, if there was a manga like that, I'd like to read it. Why don't you try drawing it, Moca-chan?
Moca: Ohh~, is this the beginning of the Great Moca-chan-sensei's life of book royalties~?
Himari: Not at this rate! You weren't even able to finish your manga last time.
Moca: Heh heh heh~. The Moca-chan you see now is already set to be a best-selling author~.
Tsugumi: Yeah. I'm sure you'll write some great lines.
Tsugumi: Ah, the bell's ringing.
Ran: By the way, Moca, aren't you on class duty today?
Tomoe: Wait, seriously? C'mon, Moca, you've gotta hurry!
Moca: What~? It's a little late to be rushing now~. I'm gonna head there at my own pace~. Plus, we're not supposed to run in the hallways~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. That's right, Moca-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (I adore Haneoka. I love how everyone spends their time at this school with smiles on their faces.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (I want the fun events, the things that benefit others, and the traditions handed down from previous generations to continue on like this forever.)
Tsugumi: (So... I have to do what I can.)
Tsugumi: Pardon me.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (It's not about whether or not I'm suited for something. I have to head towards the future.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
