event182-01 Opening: Beneath the Sakura at Night

Afterglow comes to see the sakura at night. How will things be without the sun?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Forest Park]

Tsugumi: Wow... The flowers are in full bloom. How pretty...!
Tomoe: Yeah. Now this is what I call an amazing view!
Himari: You said it~! It's so enchanting! The last time we had a look, only half of the flowers seemed to be blooming.
Moca: Sakura blossoms at night are pretty chic~.
Ran: Yeah. They've got a different charm than during the day... They're not bad.
Himari: Ah, hey! Let's eat our snacks on that bench over there.
Tomoe: Nice, let's do it. Oh man~, I'm glad there was a convenience store nearby.
Moca: Hey, can I open the chocolates~? Can't forget about the potato chips, marshmallows, and cookies either~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... We sure bought a lot now that I look at it all. But we're having a sakura party, so let's open all of them.
Moca: Yay, woohoo! It's a free-for-all~♪
Ran: That doesn't mean what you think it means.
Himari: Does everyone have some juice? Let's make a toast~!
Ran: Okay, but what are we toasting?
Moca: Hm~, how about our friendship~?
Ran: Whoa. I'm amazed you can actually say that with a straight face.
Tomoe: Ahaha. Well~, friendship is fine, but since we're here, why don't we toast to these sakura?
Himari: Good idea, Tomoe! Well then, here's to nighttime sakura!
All: Cheers~!
Moca: Oh man~, the sakura are so elegant when they flutter down~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Moca-chan, you've got a petal on your head.
Moca: I do~? Ran~, look, look~. It's me, the sakura fairy, Moca-chan~!
Ran: Yeah, yeah. I'll get it for you, so hold still.
Tomoe: Yoh! Hoh! Tah!
Himari: Hey, Tomoe, what're you doing? Are you practicing your punches?
Tomoe: Hm? Just thought I'd try catching the falling petals~. Yoh...! Oh, I got one~! Check it out!
Tsugumi: Whoa, Tomoe-chan, that's amazing!
Ran: You're such a kid... jumping around like that.
Tomoe: Hrm. This is pretty hard, y'know? Well~, I bet it'd be impossible for you, Ran.
Ran: What? Even I can do that.
Tomoe: Are you sure~? I don't think you'll be able to break my speed record for catching petals all that easily~.
Ran: I've done something like this with Hagumi before. I'll show you what I can do.
Moca: Ooh, Ran's all fired up for nothing~.
Tsugumi: I want to give it a try too! If I can catch one, I'd like to make it into a pressed flower.
Tomoe: Alright~, let's compete to see who can get one the fastest! Ready? Go!
Tsugumi: Aim carefully and~... Yah! Huh?! This might be harder than I thought...!
Ran: Yah...! Ah...! I almost had it...!
Tomoe: Heheh~, didn't I tell you~?
Tsugumi: Ah, I think I get it...! If I match the rhythm of its fall and catch it gently... I got it! I got one, Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Ohh~, way to go, Tsugu!
Himari: Fufu, I'm glad to see you having fun, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: Huh?
Himari: I mean, you've been busy lately, right? That's why I was hoping we could all go somewhere and have a breather!
Ran: I was wondering what was going on when you suddenly suggested taking the train on our way home...
Tomoe: Ahaha. Still, that was a nice idea, Himari!
Moca: Hii-chan, your ideas sure do come in handy sometimes~.
Himari: Ehehe~, I know, right? Hey, the "sometimes" is so uncalled for~!
Tsugumi: Thanks, Himari-chan.
Tomoe: Speaking of which, the Haneoka Photo Contest is next week, right? Are you done prepping for it?
Tsugumi: No, not yet. Hina-senpai had last-minute idol work come in today, so we took the day off. We have to work on preparations again after school tomorrow.
Moca: Wowzers~, you're really such a hard worker~.
Ran: Tsugumi, don't push yourself too much.
Tsugumi: I'm okay. Thanks, Ran-chan. It's true that I've been busy...
Tsugumi: But I'm also really looking forward to the next event.
Himari: I know what you mean~! I look forward to the photo contest every year! The hallways get decorated with everyone's photos, and just seeing them is so exciting!
Tomoe: Yeah. The contest's "school life" theme is great too. It's like, you get to see how everyone else sees the school~.
Tsugumi: I can tell how much everyone is looking forward to it, so the preparation for the event feels worth it. It encourages me to do my best!
Ran: That's our vice president. You're so motivated.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Yeah, I really am! I love everything about Haneoka, including the student council!
Tsugumi: Even if I can't take the lead like Hina-senpai, I can still help support others.
Tsugumi: I guess that's why having projects like this puts me in such high spirits... I think student council duties that support the entire school are rewarding and fun.
Moca: Mhm. The most important thing is that you're having fun~.
Tomoe: You said it. Hey, since we're here, wanna walk around the park?
Himari: Ah, in that case, there's somewhere I wanna go! Let's all go together!
Tsugumi: Is it inside the park? Is there some special area?
Himari: Heh heh heh~. That's a surprise for when we get there~♪
Moca: Well, I can pretty much imagine what it is~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Okay, let's go for a walk and take a look.
