event182-05 Chapter 4: The Owner's Identity

The girls finally manage to find the owner. It's someone unexpected...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Forest Park - Hilltop]

Tsugumi: Ah, um... You're the owner of this album... right?
lady: Yes, that's right. I dropped it, so I was searching for it~. Thanks for picking it up for me!
Tsugumi: Please don't mention it... But, um, I'm certain that there were Haneoka students in the photos...
Moca: You obviously don't look like a high school student~.
Tomoe: Moca! You're being rude!
lady: Ahaha, you're right. I graduated about ten years ago, so I guess that makes me a full-grown adult, huh? Here, look at this picture. That's me. See the resemblance?
Himari: Ah, she's right... We're sorry! We thought for sure this belonged to a current Haneoka student...
Moca: Guess the truth wasn't what we were expecting. What a surprising turn of events~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... We just came to the wrong conclusion.
Tomoe: The photos were from an instant camera, so we assumed they were taken today.
Ran: Right. With that in mind, it isn't weird for the sakura tree to be withering. That photo was from ten years ago, after all.
lady: My friends and I had sakura parties at this park a lot in high school. So we all decided to do it again today for the first time in ages.
Himari: Wow~, really?! How nice~. That kind of sounds like a class reunion~.
lady: Since we were getting together, I brought photos from high school to remind them of the good ol' days... But I accidentally left them behind after showing them off~.
Moca: Oof~, that's pretty careless~.
lady: Ahaha. Still, I'm happy that some Haneoka girls found it for me. I've gotta say, those uniforms are so nostalgic~! Ah, say. Do you know the rumor about the piano ghost?
Ran: Huh? Were the seven mysteries around that long ago?
lady: I guess that means they're still around even now! We heard about them from our upperclassmen too! I can't believe they're still getting passed down~.
Himari: I guess you could say that. Or rather...
Tomoe: It's more like we experienced them for ourselves.
Tsugumi: We really had a terrible time of it. Not just with the piano ghost, but when we were counting the stairs too...
lady: Wow~! Do you know all of the seven mysteries? Even the seventh one...? The ghost of a student...
Moca: You betcha~. We know all about it. Right, guys~?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... We got trapped in the gymnasium once. And then...
Tomoe: I guess you could say the ghost helped us out... Or they were toying with us...
Himari: Tomoe~! Let's stop talking about that story~! Just remembering it gives me the creeps~!
Moca: Right. They say that when you talk about ghosts, it draws them to you, after all~.
Himari: C'mon~! Quit it already~!
Ran: Moca, don't make me get angry.
Moca: Eek~, you're such a grump, Ran~!
lady: Fufufu, all of you are so close~. I think my friends and I were always together too back in the day. Makes me want to go back to my high school days~.
Tsugumi: Um... We're sorry for looking through your album without asking, but you had so many good photos... We could tell you enjoyed life at Haneoka.
Tomoe: The sakura party pics were good, but I kinda liked the one shot taken in a classroom where you were all just casually chatting.
Moca: Mhm. If you had submitted them to the photo contest, you might've been a favorite to win~.
lady: Huh?! The Haneoka Photo Contest is still going on?! We started that event when I was on the student council!
Tsugumi: What?! Really?!
Himari: That's incredible~! Our girl here is on the student council! She's the vice president!
lady: Wow, I never thought I'd get to meet the current vice president. Haneoka's student council is tough, isn't it?
Tsugumi: Yes. But it's also just as fun and rewarding.
lady: I see. Three years of high school goes by really fast, so we started that contest hoping to leave behind our precious moments and memories in some form.
lady: Isn't Haneoka's free school spirit just great? I'm so happy that it's still continuing like that. I really loved that school.
Moca: I get the feeling that it's a lot freer because of Hina-senpai~.
Tomoe: You mean thanks to her, right?
Moca: Ah, right~.
Himari: Hey, you two~. It's rude to talk about Hina-senpai like that. Right, Tsugu-
Tsugumi: ...
Himari: Tsugu?! Why are you crying?
Ran: Did something happen?
Tsugumi: Ah, sorry. The tears just kinda came out on their own. It's fine. I'm not crying because I'm sad...
Tsugumi: I was just so happy, it felt like my heart was racing. When I realized I feel the same as an upperclassman from ten years ago, I was so amazed...
Tsugumi: I love Haneoka too.
lady: Right. Make sure to treasure that feeling. It'd make me so happy if you could pass it on to the future generation too.
Tsugumi: U-um... About the photo contest... The thing is...
Tsugumi: Actually... never mind. I'll do my best for the event!
Moca: ...
