event182-06 Chapter 5: Chasing After, But...

On the way home, Moca slowly begins to share her thoughts.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Riverside]

Tomoe: Dang~, it's gotten pretty late.
Himari: But that lady was really happy, so that's great! Right~, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I'm relieved we were able to return her precious album.
Ran: I never would've thought the owner would be an alumna.
Moca: And what's more, her being a student council member from way back in the day was a shocking twist~.
Tomoe: Haha, I guess coincidences like this really do happen. Well, we got to enjoy our fill of the night sakura, so I had fun.
Himari: Mhm! The illuminated sakura were so pretty~! Ah, hey. Starting next year, let's go see the sakura during the day and night!
Ran: I'll pass.
Himari: Aw~, c'mon~! It'll definitely be fun~!
Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe: What's wrong, Tsugu? You're spacing out.
Tsugumi: Ah, it's nothing! Sorry. I just had something on my mind...
Himari: What is it?
Tsugumi: I wasn't able to tell that lady that this might be the last year for the photo contest...
Himari: Ah~... But there was nothing you could do about it, right? If you had told her, I'm sure she would've been disappointed.
Tomoe: Yeah, I think so too. Plus, that's for next year, so we don't know what'll happen, right? I don't think you need to worry about it that much.
Tsugumi: R-right.
Ran: Tsugumi, you're too serious. You shouldn't overthink things.
Himari: That's right. It's not your fault the contest's getting canceled! Well, I'll be splitting off here! Bye-bye, you guys~♪
Tomoe: See ya tomorrow.
Moca: Bye-bye~.
Ran: Moca? Your place is this way, right? Aren't you gonna go home?
Moca: Your pal Moca-chan was thinking of stopping by Yamabuki Bakery on her way home~. Buns taste levels better after doing good deeds, after all~.
Ran: You sure you aren't eating too much lately? You're gonna gain weight.
Moca: I'm not like Hii-chan, so don't you worry~. See you tomorrow. G'night, Ran.
Ran: Yeah, night.
Tsugumi: Good night, Ran-chan.
Moca: ...
Tsugumi: Moca-chan? If you don't hurry, the bakery's gonna close.
Moca: Hey, Tsugu. Are you really okay with the photo contest ending~?
Tsugumi: Huh...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... So you saw right through me, huh?
Moca: You betcha~.
Tsugumi: That's just like you.
Tsugumi: Yeah... I actually want to keep it going. But the matter's pretty much been decided.
Moca: I see.
Tsugumi: Yeah...
Moca: Don't you wanna say something like Hina-senpai would?
Moca: Like, "Let's call off calling off the contest next year." There might be someone that'll help you out.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I think she was able to pull that off because she is who she is...
Moca: Remember how there was a withering sakura tree at the top of that hill?
Tsugumi: Huh? Yeah, I do.
Moca: We saw how weak it had gotten and we were all, "It might not be able to bloom next year~. Boohoo~!" Right?
Moca: But, y'know, I think that depends on what happens now~. If that tree thinks it's impossible and gives up now, it won't be able to bloom when the time comes.
Moca: So I was thinking I'd like to tell that tree, "Don't give up~!"
Tsugumi: B-but... I'm not cut out to lead everyone like that...
(White cut)
Moca: ”Let's give it a try first."
Tsugumi: ...!
Moca: Ehehe... That's the kind of person you are, right~? I really like that part of you~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan...
Moca: You say that you're chasing after all of us, but in a sense, you're the one that's running at the head of our group.
Moca: You help out at home, you're the student council vice president, and you give guidance to your juniors at your part-time job... None of us can do all of that.
Moca: Aren't you already aware of how amazing you are?
(White cut)
Tsugumi: ...
Moca: Ahh, Yamabuki Bakery actually is gonna close~. Well, see you later~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan.
Moca: Hm~?
Tsugumi: ... Never mind, it's nothing. Thanks. Good night.
Moca: Yeah. G'night, Tsugu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
