event182-04 Chapter 3: Flower-Viewing Deductions

The group begins to search for the owner. Detective Moca to the rescue...!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Forest Park - Bronze Statue]

Himari: Ah, hey, isn't this it? Look, this bronze statue is the same as the one in the photos!
Tsugumi: You're right. Let's see, are there any Haneoka girls around here...? There are plenty of people looking at the flowers, but I don't see any Haneoka students.
Tomoe: I guess that means this spot is a bust~. Where do we search next? What else was in the photos?
Moca: Tsk, tsk, tsk~. That way of thinking is too soft, Tomo-chin. It's softer than Yamabuki Bakery's melon bread... Hmm. Or maybe their chocolate coronets. Or honey buns.
Ran: Never mind how soft it is. What are you trying to say?
Moca: At times like this, what's important is getting in touch with how the album owner feels.
Tsugumi: What do you mean?
Moca: Seeing this statue, she'd think, "That's the same color as a chocolate Danish..." right? In that case, she'd naturally want to go to a bakery, wouldn't she~?
Himari: That's only if we were talking about you!
Tomoe: Anyway, what you're trying to say is that, if we understand how the owner feels, we'll know where she went, right?
Moca: Ding ding ding! Good answer, Tomo-chin~! Now then, how about we all do the same pose?
Tomoe: The same pose...? You mean the one the girls are doing in this photo?
Moca: Yup, yup. The cool superhero team pose with their fingers pointing in the air. C'mon, line up like the picture.
Ran: What? No way.
Moca: Aw~. But then we won't know how the album owner feels~. Are you okay with not knowing where she went~?
Ran: That's...! Fine... But I'm only doing it for a second.
Moca: Okay~. Now then, are you ready, guys? Three, two, one, pose☆
Tsugumi, Himari, Tomoe & Ran: (Th-this is so embarrassing...!)
Moca: Nice, nice~! Okay, you can stop now!
Ran: That was so embarrassing...
Tsugumi: So, Moca-chan! Did you figure out where the album owner went?
Moca: Nope, I have no clue~.
Himari: Agh~, I knew it! I figured that's all this was! You were just enjoying yourself~.
Moca: Ahaha~, sorry, sorry. The Great Detective Moca-chan's playful mood got the better of her~.
Ran: Some great detective. You just like seeing us get riled up.
Tomoe: Ahaha... Well, what about this photo? I think this one is probably up on the hill over there.
Tsugumi: You're probably right. Let's try heading there next.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hill Staircase]

Himari: Ngh... How far do these stairs go~? This is way too harsh~.
Tsugumi: Hang in there, Himari-chan! There's only a little bit left.
Tomoe: C'mon, you guys are so slow~! Hurry up~! Ran, you seem to be alright.
Ran: More or less. I can handle this much.
Tomoe: Haha, fair enough. Hm~, high places feel awesome~. I'm gonna go on ahead and check out the hilltop.
Ran: Ah, I'll go with you.
Himari: Tomoe gets like this a lot when it's spring, doesn't she? It's like she's oddly hyper.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you might have a point. I wonder if it's because she was born in the spring. Ah, it looks like the two of them reached the top already. They're waving at us.
Tsugumi: That's just what I'd expect from them. They're always running on ahead. It's pretty hard chasing after them.
Moca: Y'know~, just because someone is running way ahead, that doesn't mean they're the most amazing, right?
Tsugumi: Huh? What does that-
Himari: My legs are so sore~! I can't go any further~!
Moca: Hii-chan, we're almost there. Just think of this as part of your diet and keep at it~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Forest Park - Hilltop]

Himari: W-we're here~. Ohh~, those stairs were too long~.
Tomoe: Oh, you're finally here. Good job, Himari.
Tsugumi: Wow, amazing... There's a huge sakura tree.
Tomoe: But it's starting to wither. All the other sakura trees are in full bloom, but this one has barely bloomed at all.
Moca: It looks kinda down.
Ran: It seems fairly weak... I think it's probably on its last legs, so it might be hard for it to bloom next year.
Tsugumi: I see. That's a shame for such an impressive sakura tree...
Himari: Huh? Hey, isn't this sakura tree the one in the photo?
Tsugumi: What?
Himari: Look, compare it with the photo. Check out the other trees and the location of the fence. See? It's this sakura tree, right?
Moca: Come on now, Hii-chan. Look closer at this tree. It's so miserable.
Ran: Yeah. They do look similar, but the sakura tree in the picture is in full bloom. This is the wrong tree.
Himari: I-I see. Now that you mention it, you're right.
Moca: What's wrong, Hii-chan? Are you so tired from the stairs that you're seeing things~?
Himari: Ugh~, that's not it~! But I wonder why I thought it was this tree.
???: Um, sorry to suddenly come up to you all like this, but that album you have there...!
Tsugumi: Y-yes. We found it in this park. We're looking for the person who dropped it...
???: So that's why~! That album is mine! Thanks for picking it up for me!
Moca, Himari, Tomoe & Ran: ...?!
Tsugumi: Huh? Y-you're the one who dropped this...?!
