event250-03 Chapter 2: Freshly Brewed Coffee

Soyo skillfully makes coffee for her mother. Watching Soyo, Tomori...

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Nagasaki Residence - Living Room]

Soyo: Here you go, towels. I left some out for you all, so you can use them as you like.
Anon: Thank you, Soyorin~. It's very helpful~.
Rana: Soft and fluffy. It feels good.
Anon: Hmm~, it's true. Soyorin's towels feel so good!
Tomori: ... Smells good.
Soyo: I wonder if it's the fabric softener. I recently got a new one, and I like it a lot.
Anon: Wow. What are you using? Maybe, I'll try something with the same scent.
Soyo: Meaning we'll end up having the same scent? If so, I won't tell you.
Taki: I can understand that.
Anon: Rikki, you're being a jerk!?
Soyo: If it's just the towel, I can tell you where it's from.
Anon: Well the towels are definitely soft and comfortable~...
Soyo's Mom: Hey, Soyo~. Where did you put that delicious coffee I bought the other day?
Soyo: Ah..! I'm sure... I put it on the right shelf in the kitchen.
Soyo's Mom: Oh, right side... Mom was looking for it on the left side.
Soyo: If it's coffee, I'll make it.
Soyo: Do you guys want something to drink too? It's better to drink something hot to warm you up.
Taki: Haa…
Anon: Well, then... Do you have any cocoa?
Soyo: Yes, I do.
Anon: Then I'll have some cocoa. I'll help you make the drinks. Come on, Rikki! You do it all the time, don't you?
Taki: I do. But why are you in charge?
(Black cut)
Soyo: Then, Tomori-chan, can you fill the cups with hot water?
Tomori: Yeah...!
Soyo: You don't have to be very precise. The hot water is just to warm up the cups.
Anon: Wow~. Soyorin, you even do that.
Taki: That's how I do it all the time, too.
Soyo's Mom: That's how Soyo always makes hot drinks for me. It's so soothing to my tired body.
Soyo: Mom, you're always so busy with work... I just wanted to give you a little relief.
Soyo's Mom: I'm sorry I'm always so busy. I don't get to spend much time at home.
Soyo: No problem. Thank you for always working so hard.
Soyo: Here you go, Mom's coffee is ready. Do you want some snacks?
Soyo's Mom: No, I'm okay with just coffee. Thank you. Then, I'm going back to work. Sorry to bother you~.
Taki: ... Where's my coffee?
Soyo: There's still hot water in the pot. You can make your own.
Rana: She's back to normal.
Anon: Fufu...! Even Rana-chan notices Soyorin's change of attitude!
Soyo: Shut up.
Anon: But it must be hard for you, your mom seems so busy. Do you always take care of the household chores?
Soyo: We divide the roles between us so that she can focus on her work. I don't want to put an unnecessary burden on her.
Taki: Is that why you are such a role model child in front of your mother?
Soyo: ...Why don't you drink your coffee quickly before it gets cold?
Tomori: …
(Black cut)
Tomori: The rain hasn't stopped at all.
Taki: With this downpour, we won't be able to go home for a while. Hmm... Stray Cat? Why are you taking out your guitar?
Soyo: Rana-chan, could you please not play the guitar now? You'll disturb my mother.
Rana: I'm bored.
Anon: It's true, there's a limit to how long we can wait for the rain to stop like this. Soyorin, do you have anything to pass the time? A game, maybe?
Soyo: No.
Anon: Huh~ Even though it's such a big place?  Hey, why don't we all take some videos to post on social media? There's a dance video I've been watching a lot lately~
Soyo: Stop it.
Anon: I wonder if there's anything we can do to pass the time... Oh, I remember!
Anon: I just remembered I have something good~.
Rana: ?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
