event250-07 Ending: Because It Doesn't Seem To Stop

The three of them return from shopping. It looks like the rain is not going to stop for a while--.

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Nagasaki Residence - Living Room]

Anon: We're back!
Tomori: Welcome back.
Anon: Wow, there were so many people. I wonder if they all live here? I'm really jealous~.
Taki: I got you two something to drink, too.
Tomori: Milk tea. Thank you.
Soyo: Is this herbal tea? Thank you.
Tomori: Matcha drink for you, Rana-chan?
Rana: Matcha latte. It's sweet.
Taki: You're already drinking it.
Rana: It's almost gone.
Taki: That's the biggest size, right?　When did you...
Anon: Tada, look at mine! Isn't it cute?
Soyo: It's got pink whip on it. What's that?
Anon: A chocolate drink only available during Valentine's Day!
Tomori: Ah...!
Anon: It's a chocolate drink with cranberry-flavored whipped cream on top. The marshmallow topping is cute, right?
Soyo: ... Looks sweet.
Anon: Yes, it's sweet and delicious~! This time of year, they come out with cute drinks like this. I can't take my eyes off them~.
Tomori: Soyo-chan...!
Soyo: What's up?
Tomori: You guessed what Anochan's drink was...!
Soyo: It's no big deal. Anon-chan seems to like that kind of thing.
Anon: Hey, what are you two whispering about?
Soyo: It's nothing. We're just talking about how simple you are, Anon-chan.
Anon: Really!? Even Tomorin thinks that way? That's terrible!
Tomori: I-it's not that...! That's not what I meant... Soyo-chan...!
Taki: Soyo, don't tease Tomori.
Soyo: That wasn't my intention. But Anon-chan is simple-minded. Isn't that true?
Taki: Well, yes.
Anon: Haah!? I'm not simple at all!... I mean, while we were out shopping, what were Soyorin and Tomorin doing?
Soyo: Hmm, what did we do...? Did we do something, Tomori-chan?
Tomori: Maybe we didn't do anything...
Anon: So you two were just zoning out together?
Soyo: Well, something like that?
Taki: Did Soyo say anything to you, Tomori?
Soyo: Didn't you hear what I just said?
Tomori: Yeah. More importantly, I learned that Soyo-chan had beautiful colors.
Taki: ...!? So you two were doing something?
Soyo: We really weren't doing anything.
Anon: I'm getting curious too... You two were doing something, weren't you?
Soyo: What should we do, Tomori-chan? Will you tell them?
Tomori: Um, well... what should I do?
Taki: (... I'm too curious.)
Anon: That seems suspicious~. Well then, I'll just take my time here until you two talk.
Taki: I'll do the same.
Soyo: Hey, this is my house. Can you not just decide that on your own?
Anon: Well then, I'll ask permission from Soyo's mom first.
Soyo: ... Anon-chan.
Anon: Come on~, I'm just kidding! But it looks like it won't stop raining yet, so can't you let us stay a little longer?
Anon: I bought some baked goods and other things from the café, so I was hoping we could continue taking shelter from the rain while eating them.
Soyo: ... Guess that can't be helped.
Soyo: As I've been telling you, you can stay only until the rain stops, okay?
Anon: Well then, I'll take your word for it and relax here a little more!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
