event250-01 Opening: Winter Rain

The five girls see a live show at a nearby live house. On their way back home, it suddenly starts to rain…

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Downtown]

Anon: Mmm, the live show just now was a lot of fun! We saw something great~.
Tomori: Yeah...!
Anon: I especially liked the second band. We have to thank Ririko-san for giving us the tickets.
Taki: But when she stopped me on my way home from practice, I thought something was wrong.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

[A Few Hours Ago]

Ririko: Taki-cha~n! I have a little favor to ask you.
Taki: What is it?
Ririko: I got tickets to a live show from a live house I'm in contact with, but I'm a little bit busy and don't think I can go.
Ririko: How about you go with your friends, Taki-chan? I'll talk to the people at the live house.
Taki: That's fine. When is this live show?
Ririko: Actually... It's today~.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Soyo: I never expected we'd be going to a live show out of the blue.
Anon: Well, it was good that all five of us were free.
Anon: And the live house was nice and clean. There are so many stylish places around here after all.
Taki: It's so crowded and annoying. The live show is over, let's go home.
Anon: Eh, don't you guys want to go and see some more of this area~?
Soyo: There's nothing interesting around here.
Anon: I see. Soyorin's house is around here. You could at least show us around.
Rana: It's likely to rain.
Tomori: Rana-chan?
Rana: Rain. Looks like it's going to rain.
Taki: A stray cat's hunch?
Anon: ... Well, it's really starting to rain, isn't it?
Tomori: Rana-chan, that's amazing...!
Rana: Umm.
Taki: The rain is getting harder and harder!
Anon: Oh no, our instruments are getting wet...! We have to find a place to shelter from the rain... Ah.
Soyo: What?
Anon: Soyorin's house is near here, right?
Soyo: That's right, but...?
Anon: Let us take shelter from the rain for a while! It would be a disaster if our instruments get wet!
Soyo: ... It's okay if you want to take shelter from the rain in the lobby. But not at my home.
Anon: Eh--, you mean only in the lobby? Not at Soyorin's house?
Soyo: Only in the lobby. Come on, let's go, your instruments are going to get wet.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Apartment - Lobby]

Anon: Haaah~, thank God…
Taki: Tomori, are you okay? Are you feeling cold?
Tomori: No, I'm okay.
Taki: I see. That's good.
Anon: By the way, was it forecast to rain today? I had no idea~.
Taki: I think the forecast said it would rain lightly in the evening.
Anon: Light rain? This?
Taki: Shut up. Don't shoot the messenger.
Rana: It won't stop for a while.
Taki: It feels like that. In fact, it's getting stronger and stronger.
Tomori: ... Sniff.
Taki: Are you okay?
Tomori: A little cold, maybe...
Taki: ... Soyo.
Soyo: ... What?
Anon: Soyorin, Soyorin~.
Soyo: So what?
Anon: It's raining hard, and we're waiting for you to say something.
Anon: Come take shelter from the rain at my home. Something like that~.
Soyo: Are you really saying that?
Anon: If we just stand here like this, we're going to look suspicious...
Taki: If we don't do something, Tomori will catch a cold.
Tomori: ... Sniff... Well... I'll be okay.
Soyo: ... Fine. I'll have you leave as soon as the rain stops.
Anon: That's right, that's exactly the way it should be! Soyorin, I knew you'd get it~
Soyo: I have a bad feeling about this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
