event250-06 Chapter 5: I Hate The Rain

On a rainy day-- Soyo and Tomori remember that day.

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Apartment - Lobby]

Anon: Is this the cafe Soyorin mentioned? There are so many people here~.
Anon: I wonder if all the people who live here come here. I mean, I'm so jealous there's a café in the apartment~.
Taki: ...
Anon: Rikki?
Taki: I was wondering if it was a good idea to leave Tomori and Soyo alone in the house.
Anon: That's true, I can't imagine Soyorin and Tomorin together.
Anon: What do they talk about? It's not like they're playing cards... What do you think they're doing?
Taki: I don't know. How would I know?
Anon: Well, we'll find out when we get back from buying drinks quickly! Now then, what should we buy? Rana-chan, I guess you'll go with matcha flavor after all?
Rana: Of course.
Taki: （... This rain.)
Taki: （I wonder if the two of them remember the same thing.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nagasaki Residence - Living Room]

Tomori: Anochan and the others are taking a while.
Soyo: Yeah.
Tomori: Maybe, they're lost?
Soyo: It's a store within the apartment complex, and there are directions there. I don't think they'll get lost.
Tomori: I see... What do you think they're going to buy?
Soyo: I don't know.
Tomori: Rana-chan would pick matcha flavor after all, right? Oh, Anochan said she's into milk tea lately.
Soyo: ... I see.
Tomori: Yeah...
Soyo: …
Tomori: …
Soyo: (The rain is so loud.)
Soyo: (... I hate it. I can't help remembering that day.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sakiko: I came here today because I have something to say.
Sakiko: ... I'm going to quit CRYCHIC.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Soyo: (It was raining heavily that day too. We were shocked by the suddenness of it, and our voices gradually became more distant...)
Soyo: (Only the sound of the rain was so loud...)
Soyo: I hate it…
Tomori: The rain isn't stopping.
Soyo: …
Tomori: Do you like rain, Soyo-chan?
Soyo: I hate it.
Tomori: I don't like it ...either.
Soyo: Tomori-chan...
Tomori: Do you think one day... we'll come to like rainy days?
Soyo: I don't know. I don't feel like it yet myself.
Tomori: Do you think you'll ever want to like it some day?
Soyo: I don't know.
Soyo: But...
Soyo: Anyway, right now I'm just hoping that this rain will stop.
Tomori: Yeah. Same. I'm... the same as Soyo-chan.
Tomori: ... Well, I'm glad to know that you don't like the rain either.
Tomori: Today, I met many different versions of Soyo-chan. The Soyo-chan who loves her mom, the Soyo-chan who is good at playing cards... The Soyo-chan who hates rainy days.
Tomori: They're all versions of Soyo-chan I've met for the first time.
Tomori: ... No, I feel like I've known Soyo-chan who hates rainy days for a long time.
Soyo: (I'm sure Tomori-chan remembers that day too...)
Tomori: You said earlier that you like beautiful colors.
Tomori: I'm sure every version of Soyo-chan has clear and beautiful colors. So I don't think they'll become murky even when mixed together.
Soyo: ... How can you say that?
Tomori: ... Because I thought none of the Soyo-chans was a lie, they were all the real Soyo-chan.
Soyo: Is that so?
Soyo: ... Earlier, you told me I was good at playing cards and it was amazing.
Tomori: Yeah.
Soyo: That's not amazing at all. It's not like I can read someone's mind. Because I don't even know what they're going to buy at the café.
Soyo: (If I could read minds, that day would never have come...)
Tomori: ... What do you think they'll buy?
Soyo: I don't know. Wouldn't Anon-chan just buy a seasonal limited drink or something?
Tomori: I see.
Soyo: What are you laughing at?
Tomori: No, it's just... Fufufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
