event250-05 Chapter 4: Many Different Colors

Anon, Taki, and Rana go out for shopping. Soyo and Tomori are left alone in the room...?

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Nagasaki Residence - Living Room]

Taki: I won...!
Taki: I beat Soyo...!
Soyo: Yes. Congratulations.
Anon: Rikki, good for you~.
Taki: … Anon, you're kind of pissing me off.
Anon: But I'm so tired after so many games of Concentration~.
Soyo: Taki-chan, you're getting too worked up.
Taki: No I'm not... Ah....
Anon: Looks like you're getting really hungry. Rikki, maybe you went too hard at Concentration.
Taki: It's not like that. It's just that we went to practice and saw a live show today, and now we're here at Soyo's house and I haven't eaten anything this whole time, so…
Rana: Me neither.
Soyo: If you're hungry, there's a cafe in the apartment. Why don't you go there?
Anon: Amazing! There's a café in this apartment!?
Taki: Well, I'll go there. Stray Cat, you said you're hungry, too. Are you coming along?
Rana: I'm going.
Anon: I'm going too! I'm curious to see what kind of stores are in there!
Soyo: Don't make too much noise.
Anon: Jeez, I know! I'll get you two something too.
Tomori: Yeah. Thank you.
Anon: Well, we're off then!
Soyo: ... Sigh.
Soyo: (It's finally quiet...)
Soyo: (Why did it end up like this...)
Tomori: ...
Soyo: ... Tomori-chan.
Tomori: Y-Yes?
Soyo: What's wrong?
Tomori: Nothing...
Soyo: It's definitely not nothing, right?
Tomori: Well...
Tomori: Soyo-chan, you're amazing...
Soyo: What's that?
Tomori: That you're so good at playing cards.
Soyo: I thought it was something major...
Soyo: Like I said before, it's not that I'm strong. It's just that everyone else is too easy to understand.
Tomori: I see...
Tomori: ... Oh! There's one more thing, that makes you amazing, Soyo-chan.
Soyo: One more thing?
Tomori: Your mom.
Soyo: …
Tomori: You're very kind to your mom. I think it's great.
Soyo: What do you mean?
Tomori: The Soyo-chan who does everything so as to not burden her mom... and the Soyo-chan who played cards with us... Today, I felt like I met two different Soyo-chans.
Tomori: Both of them are Soyo-chan.
Tomori: There are so many different versions of Soyo-chan. I like that.
Tomori: There are many different versions of you inside yourself. They overlap and become various colors... That's what it feels like to be a human being.
Tomori: I like that kind of Soyo-chan.
Soyo: …
Soyo: If so many different colors overlap... I'm sure the colors would end up being very murky.
Soyo: I like more beautiful colors.
Tomori: Is that so…
Soyo: (Having different attitudes towards different people, is what makes someone human...?)
Soyo: (Tomori-chan, you always say things like this. Don't you ever think about how I would feel if you told me something like this?)
Soyo: (If this is the case, maybe I should have gone shopping with Anon-chan and the others.)
Soyo: What the heck, really…
(Black cut)
(Background change)
