event66-01 Opening: Idol?

Maya worries about her lack of confidence as an idol. Just then, a new job comes in...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Idol Agency]

Maya: Thank you for coming all this way. I look forward to speaking with you again!
Maya: ... Sigh~. I'll never get used to doing these interviews by myself.
Maya: I try to answer like an idol, but I'm still not sure what that actually means... And worst of all, I'm pretty sure my "huhehe" chuckle slipped out more than a couple of times.
Maya: I can't keep laughing that way. I'll have to be more careful next time.
Maya: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Maya: Ahaha... I guess I'm a little confused about what an idol is.
Maya: As well as whether I can really call myself one.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Maya: (Is it okay for me to even consider myself an idol in the first place?)
Maya: (By continuing to work with Pastel＊Palettes, I really did think I would find the answer to that question... But I wonder if I'm making enough progress.)
Maya: Am I... really okay like this?
Staff: Good work today, Maya-san. And good timing, as well! Do you have a moment to spare?
Maya: Huh?! Yes, of course!
(Black cut)
Maya: My own column?! In more than one issue?! And for "IDOL x IDOL"?!
Maya: Isn't that an extremely popular idol magazine?! Why would they choose someone like me...?
Staff: Maya-san, do you remember the small column you contributed to "Drums!" magazine a while back?
Staff: Your article was met with a lot of praise, and it even caught the eye of an editor from "IDOL x IDOL." They contacted us in hopes that you would write something for them next!
Maya: Wh-what?! But "Drums!" focuses specifically on drumming, and I'm fairly certain what I wrote for them was so specialized that it only appealed to hardcore enthusiasts...
Staff: That's why it received such great reviews. Providing content that matched the theme of the magazine is what was so appealing.
Maya: I-is that how it works?
Staff: Absolutely!
Staff: Of course, you would be the one writing the column, so we believe you should be the one to make the final decision.
Staff: We are prepared to decline their offer if that is what you wish... How would you like to proceed?
Maya: So it's my call to make...
Maya: (Being published in an idol magazine obviously means that the article I write will need to be one befitting an idol.)
Maya: (Honestly, I don't feel confident in my ability to do that, but this kind of offer doesn't come along every day...)
Maya: (Taking on opportunities like these might be what finally gives me the confidence to consider myself a true idol. I'm sure of it! I need to try whatever I can!)
Maya: If they're happy with having me on board... then I will give it my all!
Staff: That's great to hear! We'll bring over the necessary documents right away!
Staff: The content of the article can be anything of your choosing. We would like to receive your first piece by the day after tomorrow!
Maya: Okay, that shouldn't be a pr- The day after tomorrow?!
Staff: Oh, I suppose I forgot to mention that there was a slight misunderstanding during our initial correspondence with the client, so the deadline for the first article will be rather tight!
Staff: We do apologize, but please have it ready by then!
Maya: Sorry, but there is no way I can finish it by then!
Staff: I'm sure you can come up with something!
Maya: Urgh... Talk about unrealistic.
Maya: ... May I ask what we can do if the article isn't written in time?
Staff: The only other option we have is to fill that section of the magazine with photos of you. We're fairly certain that we have some saved from past photoshoots.
Staff: The publishers don't want to waste any printing space, so the entire section would essentially be filled to the brim with photo collages.
Maya: Photo collages?! An entire page with my face plastered everywhere?!
Staff: A full two-page spread, to be precise.
Maya: What~?! That's even worse!!
Maya: Two pages of me for everyone to see... No way! I absolutely refuse!
Maya: I can't let that happen! I will definitely finish the article on time!
