event66-04 Chapter 3: Indecisive

Feeling the difference between her and her bandmates, Maya feels even worse than before...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Filming]

[Filming Studio]

Aya: All done~! Good work, everyone!
Eve: Aya-san, you were an excellent host! Thank you very much!
Hina: Even if she did flub her lines more than usual~.
Aya: Don't say that~! I'll get it right next time! You'll see!
Chisato: Yes, if there even is a next time...
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan, not you, too...!
Eve: Fufufu.
Hina: Moving on, that psychology test from earlier was really interesting!
Hina: All of the results feel like they kind of make sense. Makes you want to try taking more, doesn't it?
Eve: Whether they are persuasive or shocking, I think it would be fun to see the results.
Hina: Yeah, exactly! Sure, I don't believe everything they say, but I think they're interesting to read because there's always a chance they're right.
Maya: That's true. I imagine there would be a decent number of results that are surprisingly accurate.
Maya: (Indecisive... Yeah, I think that's a fair description of myself at the moment.)
Maya: (Aya-san trudges forward against all odds. Hina-san and Eve-san live life at their own pace. And Chisato-san always knows what's best because of how observant she is.)
Maya: (Compared to them, I'm-)
Aya: Maya-chan... Have you been feeling sick?
Hina: You noticed it, too? I've actually been worried about her this entire time~.
Maya: Huh? N-no, it's nothing...
Chisato: Come to think of it, Maya-chan, you've seemed... not quite distracted... I think "on edge" would be a more accurate description.
Chisato: You were often at a loss for words. It wasn't the same Maya-chan that we're used to.
Hina: That's right. Even with the conversations you usually get in on, you just sat back and didn't say anything. You went right along with everything.
Eve: Perhaps you are feeling unwell but do not realize it! It would be best for you to prioritize your health and leave early to get some rest!
Maya: No, I...
Maya: (What in the world am I doing?)
Maya: (I endeavored to change my perspective on things, but all I've learned today is how utterly different I am from everyone else and that I'm nowhere close to being who I need to be.)
Maya: (Now I've made everyone worry about me, and I'm still as indecisive as ever, both as my usual geeky self and as an idol...)
Eve: Maya-san...? Uh, are you okay?
Maya: Ah... I apologize.
Maya: I think you were right about me not feeling well. I'll be heading home early today, if you don't mind.
Maya: Thanks... See you all later.
Aya: O-okay. Take care...
Eve: Will Maya-san be alright?
Hina: Why wouldn't she be? Besides, I doubt anything is physically wrong with her.
Chisato: But you saw how bizarre she was acting. Hina-chan... Do you know something that we don't?
Hina: Uh, maybe? It's only a hunch, and I'm not sure how accurate it is~.
Aya: Tell us, Hina-chan! About that hunch of yours...!
Hina: Oh boy, this is a toughie~. Then again, it's not like I was told to keep it a secret.
Hina: So yeah, Maya-chan is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Maya: Being an idol...
Maya: (For me, that means being a person whose conviction shines brightly enough to bring courage to others.)
Maya: (And yet, here I am stuck in between two roles without being either. At this rate, I'll only end up being...)
Maya: A failure... as an idol...
