event66-07 Ending: Huhehe

The members of Pastel＊Palettes gather around to watch Maya's video program...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Idol Agency]

Hina: Hey, do you think this computer will do the job?
Aya: Yeah, one of the staff members set it up for us and said that all we need to do is start it up and hit the play button!
Chisato: The footage has already been streamed, so we can watch it at any time, correct? Shall we begin then?
Eve: Yes, let's! Huh? Wait, Maya-san isn't-
Maya: Ah, very sorry! I'm here now!
Hina: I saw you curled up over there mumbling to yourself. Have you gotten yourself worked up over something again~?
Maya: Yes... I've once again started to worry about my column.
Maya: My next article is supposed to be about effects pedals, but there are so many good ones that I can't decide which to recommend.
Maya: They all have strong points depending on how you use them, and if I include all of the information, I won't be able to get into any of the finer details. What a conundrum...
Hina: Jeez, is that all~?
Eve: Yes, I am glad that it is nothing more than that!
Maya: What do you mean, 'Is that all'? ... What has you two acting so giddy~?
Hina: Who knows~? Try asking Eve-chan♪
Eve: Who knows~? I haven't a clue!
Chisato: Alright, Hina-chan. You too, Eve-chan. I think that's more than enough teasing for now. We're about to start the video.
Aya: Did you guys hear that they decided to reshoot the bonus content? It was apparently changed into promotional material for "DolDol."
Hina: Aw, are you serious? I won't get to hear Aya-chan stumble over her lines again. What a letdown~.
Aya: That's supposed to be a good thing!
All: Hahaha!
Chisato: Huh...? Aya-chan, isn't this the video for the bonus content?
Aya: Wow, you're right! Hang on, I'll jump over to the main page!
Hina: No~! Leave it, leave it! Let's just watch this part first!
Aya: B-but-
Eve: Oh, it's starting. Fufu, I'm so excited!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Now for some extra goodies!
Maya: Hello to all you loyal viewers watching! This is Maya Yamato of Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: I would like to make an announcement. As of last month's issue, I've begun writing my own column in "IDOL x IDOL"! This is my very first time being in an idol magazine!
Maya: I may come off as overenthusiastic as usual in the articles, and they may not seem very idol like, but because of that, they are stuffed with love and useful information! Huhehe...!
Maya: For those who are interested, as well as those of you who are on the fence, please give it a read!
Maya: In addition to my content, each page of the magazine is chock-full of the hottest idol snapshots, fashion tips, and much more! Pick up a copy and see for yourself!
Maya: This is Maya Yamato, lead drummer of Pastel＊Palettes, bidding you thanks for watching the extras!
Maya: And for those itching to see more bloopers from Aya-san, don't worry, we've got more than enough footage for you.
Maya: That's all from me! This has been Maya Yamato, signing off until next time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina: Feels like it's been a while since we heard Maya-chan's "huhehe" laugh~.
Aya: That's definitely the Maya-chan that I like the most. It's like, "Hey, there's the girl I know~!"
Eve: I feel the same way! Her unique laugh is one of her most charming points!
Maya: Thank you very much.
Maya: ... For the longest time, I was taking it upon myself to define what it means to be an idol.
Maya: This is what an idol has to do. You can't be regarded as an idol without that. Thoughts like those made me lose sight of who I am, and I wasn't giving anything in particular my best effort.
Maya: But the image I had was someone else's vision of an idol. One that completely differs from Maya Yamato's.
Maya: If I can be a total geek with a funny laugh and still give courage to others, then there's no need for me to go out of my way and change myself.
Maya: Deep down, I now believe that to be the truth!
Eve: Exactly! Maya-san, you are at your loveliest when you are being yourself!
Maya: Huhehe, thank you very much!
Maya: Though I'm still a novice, I will continue giving my utmost effort. And so, I... uhm... Everyone, please continue being there for me!
Eve: I have a lot to learn myself, but I hope to continue working with you as well!
Chisato: I'll be counting on you more than ever, Maya-chan.
Hina: Aw yeah. Now this is a boppin' scene♪
Aya: Ngh, I... can feel the tears coming. I'm so happy for you, Maya-chan...! And we'll keep moving forward! Together!
Maya: You guys... Yes, we will! Thank you so much!
Maya: Huhehe...♪
