event66-02 Chapter 1: Being Myself

Maya frets over what to write in her column. The others advise her to be herself, but...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: (It wasn't easy, but I somehow managed to finish writing that article.)
Maya: (My self-introduction also served as an explanation of the types of equipment that I use as usual, but it doesn't feel suited to an idol magazine...)
Maya: The problem now is where to go from here~. Sigh~...
Aya: What's the matter, Maya-chan? I could hear you sighing. That area's already been cleaned, you know.
Maya: Ah, Aya-san! Sorry about that! I just have something on my mind.
Aya: What is it? Ah, do you mean your next magazine column?!
Aya: I heard all about it from the staff, Maya-chan! You're going to be writing pieces for "DolDol," right?!
Maya: For what...? Ah, you must mean "IDOL x IDOL!"
Aya: Mhm, that's the one! Getting into "DolDol" is pretty impressive!
Maya: Hahaha... It feels too good to be true, even now.
Maya: I'm still bewildered as to why they chose me of all people. Seems like a wasted opportunity...
Hina: What'cha talking about~? Is Maya-chan being too negative again~?
Maya: Hina-san!
Hina: The staff filled me in on everything too~. You should feel more proud about getting an offer like that, especially since they're the ones who approached you~.
Maya: You have a point... but a part of me is concerned that I'm in way over my head here.
Maya: By some miracle, I was able to finish the first piece, but I'm at a complete loss to where to begin with the second one.
Aya: Are you saying you're considering writing something totally different from before?
Maya: More like deciding whether the type of content needs to be changed or not.
Maya: With the deadline looming right around the corner, my first article wound up being something only enthusiasts would read. So I thought that the next article would need to be more refined.
Maya: And now I'm back at square one, but... I still feel like I don't understand what content would be appropriate for an idol magazine...
Hina: Why not just go with whatever~?
Hina: It's already being written by an idol, so I don't think there's such a thing as 'appropriate' content~.
Maya: Wh-when you put it that way, it feels like there's no point in writing the column in the first place...
Aya: Hahaha... When it comes to idol magazines, the ones I typically read have info on stuff like recommended goods or recently read books.
Maya: That's not a bad idea. However, my answers are almost certain to naturally trail off into themes like musical equipment or instruments.
Aya: Oh, I see! Hmmm... But I think that's what suits you best~.
Aya: Those topics show off the everyday Maya-chan and would be the perfect kind of content!
Maya: ... Are you sure about that...?
Aya: ...? Maya-chan?
Maya: Uh, n-never mind! It's nothing! Thank you very much for your advice!
Maya: There's still time before my next deadline, so I'll try to think on it a little bit more!
Aya: Okay! And if there's any way I can help, don't hesitate to ask!
Hina: No telling how much help she could actually be, though~.
Aya: H-Hina-chan~!
Maya: Hahaha. Your consideration is more than enough. Thank you very much, both of you!
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Sigh~. This is going nowhere~.
Maya: I'm sorry, Eve-san. Here you are helping me choose ideas for my column, and all I can do is let out meaningless sighs.
Eve: No, please think nothing of it!
Eve: However, I am puzzled as to what is wrong with your selections. Any of them would prove to be a wonderful column piece.
Eve: This one, which gives insight into how your days off are spent doing maintenance and restoration work on musical equipment, is especially interesting and would make for a pleasant read...
Maya: True, it does work as a fairly concise depiction of how things are.
Maya: It's lacking in anything that would be appropriate for an idol, though. Readers who purchase "IDOL x IDOL" wouldn't be pleased with a column about that.
Eve: Not appropriate for an idol?
Maya: Correct. Also, this piece... simply doesn't feel right. It doesn't matter whether I write about equipment or not... Something seems off...
Maya: (Yeah, my gut says that something is wrong. I can't put my finger on what though. I'll need to figure that out if I'm to make any progress...!)
