event66-06 Chapter 5: What an Idol Is

Maya confides in Eve about her worries. Despite agreeing to let Maya figure out the answer on her own, can Eve really stay silent...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Agency]

Maya: Hmmm...
Eve: Good morning, Maya-san! You're looking somewhat long in the face today.
Maya: Eve-san. Good morning. Sorry, I know it's a little early to be sighing and groaning...
Eve: No, please do not mind me! But something seems amiss...
Maya: So to speak. It's embarrassing to admit, but I'm worrying about my column, as usual.
Maya: No matter how many drafts I write, I can't come up with anything that I feel is suitable for an idol magazine.
Eve: Suitable for an idol magazine...
Maya: I did so much thinking, hoping I could come up with something good, but I couldn't. I might have done too much thinking, actually...
Maya: Eve-san. Am I... fit to be called an idol?
Eve: Huh...?
Maya: I've been thinking about it long and hard recently, and I'm just lacking compared to everyone else.
Maya: I say to myself that I need to be more like an idol, but then I still show my geeky nature by writing pieces like my first column, and I still go "huhehe."
Maya: Coming up short the way I do... I'm not qualified to be an idol, and continuing to call myself one is inexcusable. Haha, I'm pathetic, aren't I?
Maya: ... Ah, sorry! My rambling took a rather dark turn.
Eve: ... Maya-san. May I ask you one thing?
Maya: ...? Of course. What is it?
Eve: What is so wrong about an idol laughing the way that you do?
Maya: What?
Eve: That question has been on my mind for some time. I simply cannot understand why it's inappropriate.
Maya: That would be because... it's not becoming of an idol.
Eve: Not becoming of an idol, you say? Then what is, pray tell? Does having a "huhehe" laugh disqualify one from being an idol?
Maya: N-no, no! The concept of an idol isn't as shallow as that!
Maya: It's something much more stable... It is to be a person whose conviction shines brightly enough to bring courage to others.
Eve: I see. If that is true, then you are a perfect example of such an idol!
Maya: That's... Hearing those words makes me very happy.
Maya: However, I don't feel the same way about myself. Not only am I a geek, but I'm also one who doesn't have the guts to stand up for that side of herself.
Maya: Despite being fully aware of that, I still can't do anything about it. I'm always coming up short, and there's no way someone like that can inspire courage.
Eve: That is far from the truth! You're an excellent idol, Maya-san!
Maya: Sorry, but... I just don't feel it! I need proof that I can see... Something I can verify with my own eyes... I know that's selfish for me to ask for, but I just-!
Hina: If proof is what you're after, then here it is.
Maya: H-Hina-san?! Aya-san and Chisato-san, too! When did you all get here...?
Hina: You were so lost in your own world that you probably didn't notice us~. Putting that aside... Here, Maya-chan. For you.
Maya: What are these...?
Aya: Fan letters addressed to you. Apparently, these were delivered to the editing department instead of the idol agency. We picked them up a little while ago.
Maya: I... I see. Thank you very much, but right now, I-
Hina: Go on, read what's inside!
Maya: Huh?
Hina: Didn't you just say you want proof that you can see?
Chisato: To be honest, we had agreed not to speak up on this matter. However, this is surely something that you need to see.
Maya: Something I need to see...
Maya: "Greetings, Maya-chan. When I heard that you were writing a column for 'DolDol', I went and bought my very first copy. I must confess that you've inspired me to pick up drumming!"
Maya: "So, I was absolutely thrilled when I saw your article about recommended equipment for beginners! I hope to someday get good enough to play a session with you!"
Maya: "Hello! I've been a fan since the deserted-island special! I respect how calm and knowledgeable you are. And the escape-room show was awesome! Please do another!"
Maya: These... letters...
Hina: "It's amazing that you challenge yourself, like when you were reporting on New Year's and when you wrote that column. You always help put me in a good mood! Huhehe♪"
Aya: "As someone who is easily influenced by others, I really admire how readily you can come out and say what you like. I love you, Maya-chan! You'll always have my support!"
Aya: ... See, Maya-chan? You've always, always been an idol! From the very beginning!
Maya: An idol... from the very beginning...
Maya: ...! Uhn... Ngh...
Hina: Uh-oh, Aya-chan went and made her cry~!
Eve: Fufu. We are all equally responsible for that, Hina-san! We feel exactly the same as Aya-san does, after all! Isn't that so, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Yes. Eve-chan is right.
Maya: I've... always thought that the idea of me being an idol was laughable.
Maya: Being so excitable over my favorite hobbies, failing to rid myself of my laugh... I thought I could never hope to match how dazzling the rest of you are.
Maya: I believed that someone like me could never be an idol and that it wasn't right for me to claim that I am one.
Maya: Which is why I went to such lengths to behave like an idol, but I couldn't even do that right...
Maya: But... but there actually are people who can look at me... and believe that I'm confident in what I enjoy... Some of them even say they admire me...
Maya: I can't shine as brightly as the rest of you, but do you think... it really is acceptable for me to consider myself an idol...?
Hina: Sure, go right ahead.
Maya: Huh?! That easily...?!
Chisato: The need for doubting such a clear and obvious fact has long since passed.
Aya: Maya-chan, we've been in your debt countless times! Helping with both lessons and performances, not to mention the deserted-island special... The list goes on!
Eve: She is right! So please, stop thinking that you are unworthy of being an idol!
Eve: Pastel＊Palettes could not survive without you, Maya-san. And that is no lie!
Maya: A-a 'clear and obvious' fact, huh? ... I had no idea...
Maya: It never even dawned on me. I suppose I really do have a long way to go!
