event66-03 Chapter 2: Straying from the Path

Maya resolves to seal away any un-idol-like behavior of hers. Will it work...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Variety Show - Before Filming]

[Filming Studio]

Maya: Yawn... I wracked my brain all night thinking about what to say.
Maya: (But I've been able to organize my thoughts thanks to that. I should start with comparing the others' behavior to my own to help re-educate myself on what it is to be an idol.)
Maya: (And that "huhehe" laugh is strictly off-limits. My goal is to gain new insight while also pruning my bad habits. If I can manage that much, I'm sure it'll work out...!)
(Black cut)

[Variety Show - During Filming]

Aya: Hello, and welcome to another episode of the online broadcast, "All Fun and Games"~!
Aya: We, Pastel＊Palettes, are here to help you enjoy episode five of this thrilling variety show!
Aya: And without further ado, allow me to introduce myself! Your host for today will be none other than yours truly: the fluffy and pink, always bubbly Aya Maruyama!
Chisato: Fufu. How nice that you got through it without incident this time, Aya-chan.
Hina: You were tripping over your own name during rehearsals~.
Aya: Hey~! I told you to keep that a secret~!
Aya: Ughhh~... W-well, there you have it. We hope that you'll stay tuned for more excitement and fun!
Eve: We have all manner of content planned for you today, including an exceptionally difficult quiz segment about instruments, equipment and concerts...!
Hina: Uh-oh, sounds tough~. But with Maya-chan here, we shouldn't have any trouble.
Maya: Ah, that's not true. I'm not sure how useful I can be...
Hina: Come again? Where's that boppin' "I wonder what kind of questions will be asked" response that you always give? Is everything alright~?
Maya: I-is that how I am? Huhehe... Er, I mean... Hahaha.
Hina: ...? Maya-chan is being a weirdo. Oh well. Okay, Aya-chan, take it over to our first segment, please~.
Aya: Roger that! Our first segment for today is...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Chisato: And our next segment is a little psychology test.
Hina: Oh boy, what kind?
Hina: "You are trapped in a small room, and in the center of it is a single button. By pressing it, you will be freed, but the method for freeing you is not revealed beforehand."
Hina: "Would you press the button? If you would, how much time passes before you actually do it?"
Eve: There is more information here. "Also, you are notified in advance that pressing the button will in no way cause you any harm."
Maya: In other words, it's a button with an unknown function. Though not harmful, the unknown consequences of pressing it are scary.
Hina: You really think so~? If it's not dangerous, then why not simply press it right away?
Chisato: We'll put Hina-chan down as being in the "push it immediately" group. Aya-chan... also seems like she'd do it without a second thought.
Aya: Hey, how did you know?!
Hina: Doesn't she seem like the type to push it even before knowing that it's not dangerous?
Aya: I totally wouldn't! ... Probably...
Chisato: Not a very convincing response.
Chisato: As for myself, I believe I would push the button after considering the possible outcomes. Although it states that there is no risk, it's best to remain vigilant.
Eve: Going over possibilities is definitely an important step!
Eve: I, too, would likely contemplate my decision. After all, pressing the button may summon ninja warriors with whom we would need to engage in combat!
Chisato: A ninja invasion would definitely fall under the category of hazardous...
Aya: Hahaha. Sounds like everyone would eventually end up pressing it. How about you, Maya-chan?
Maya: I'm... not sure what I would do.
Maya: Press it... Don't press it... A part of me would want to, but being confronted with that question makes me unsure...
Chisato: You have to decide on one or the other though.
Maya: I understand that, but... Hmm...
Hina: If you can't decide, then why don't we put you down as not pushing it for now?
Aya: Maya-chan will be placed in the "doesn't push" group, then... And with that, let's view the long-awaited results!
Aya: Here it is! Today's psychology test was a measure of how prone one is to "wandering astray"!
Maya: ... 'Wandering astray'?
Aya: "Those unwilling to press the button have to deal with issues before they get to the 'wandering' stage. You're already wondering what the meaning of 'astray' truly is, aren't you?"
Aya: "You must be especially wary of your inability to make a decision, as that indecisive nature may invite grave misfortune in your future!"
Maya: ...!
Eve: This is for Chisato-san and myself: "Moderate sense of caution leads to a moderate level of wandering. Because you cut no corners, you must beware of overworking."
Chisato: These descriptions really don't pull their punches, do they?
Aya: Hahaha... And finally, the result for me and Hina-chan.
Aya: "Those who immediately push the button are easily led astray. However...! You tend not to believe you are wandering after making your own decisions."
Aya: "Your quick decision-making ability allows you to somehow reach your goals more often than not. You're the type to think that enthusiasm is everything and all's well that ends well."
Hina: Whoa now. We all know Aya-chan is like that, but not me, right?
Aya: It definitely includes you!
All: Hahaha!
Maya: Hahaha... haha...
Maya: (So I'm indecisive?)
