event66-05 Chapter 4: Prepared to Change

Aya, Eve, Hina, and Chisato are worried about a troubled Maya. Is there anything they can do...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Filming Studio]

Eve: She is unsure if she is... truly an idol?
Hina: Pretty much, yeah. That's what Maya-chan said, anyway.
Hina: Going on about how she's not even sure what an idol actually is. And whether or not she qualifies as one.
Aya: ...!
Hina: She's probably been keeping that bottled up inside all this time.
Hina: I told her that she can just find her answer by sticking with Pastel＊Palettes, so I assumed that was the end of that... but it looks like I was wrong.
Chisato: I knew that she has been lacking in self-confidence for a long time, but this...
Aya: So that's where Maya-chan's mind has been wandering. Do you think there's anything we can do to help?
Chisato: This may be disappointing to hear, but I don't think there is.
Eve: There must be a way!
Chisato: I wish to assist her as much as any of you. However, this isn't the time for us to be offering our advice or a helping hand.
Chisato: By trying to advise her, it'll lead to her feeling the need to meet our expectations. Nothing will change.
Hina: Yeah, Maya-chan is the type of person to do that~.
Chisato: Right, which is why we should instead watch over her. When the time comes and she needs us, we'll be there for her.
Aya: I see... You're right, Chisato-chan. We should go with that plan.
Aya: Sitting on the sidelines won't be easy, but it's for Maya-chan's sake. Our job now is to watch over her!
Hina & Chisato: Will do~. Agreed.
Eve: Hmm~...
Hina: What's bugging you, Eve-chan? That's the face of someone who isn't convinced.
Eve: No, I do not disagree, per se... but there is something which I still do not understand.
Aya: What might that be?
Eve: Why exactly is Maya-san confused in the first place?
Eve: She is a key element of Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: She doesn't only perform, and whether we're filming on a deserted island or taking our usual lessons, her vast knowledge in various areas is essential to us.
Eve: Both the staff and our fans are fully aware of those aspects of her... so what could she be so concerned about?
Aya: Well...
Chisato: This is merely a guess on my part, but... Maya-chan's ideals are likely on a much higher level than the one she currently considers herself to be on.
Chisato: Due to not living up to her own expectations, she likely feels that she is failing. I'd wager that is at least part of the problem.
Chisato: (And I know exactly what brought her to this point...)
Hina: Yeah. Maya-chan is the kind to keep expectations of herself way too high, and she winds up thinking she's not good enough when comparing herself to them.
Eve: Then we should be sharing our thoughts with her...!
Aya: Nuh-uh. I don't think that's the right move.
Eve: It's not? Why can't we say anything?
Aya: It's hard to put into words, but... coming out of nowhere and saying that her ideals are too high to reach wouldn't be something that she'd accept.
Aya: Maya-chan will first need to reach a point where she's ready to accept that kind of remark...
Eve: In other words... mental preparation?
Aya: Yeah, that's it! Being mentally prepared!
Chisato: Well said, Aya-chan. You, too, are cut from that same cloth, I believe.
Hina: Hahaha. I'd sure say so. They're both as stubborn as can be~.
Aya: H-how about leaving me out of it?!
Aya: In short, we should hold back from saying or doing anything until Maya-chan is ready! Right, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Yes, that's correct. Painful as it may be... we should place our trust in Maya-chan.
Eve: ... Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Returning Home]

[Maya's Room]

Maya: What am I going to do about my column...?
Maya: (Indecisive or not, I need to properly finish the work I've been given. I'll read over the previous article again, and from there...)
Maya: ...
Maya: Ahaha, skimming through this a second time makes it obvious how geeky I sound. Almost every line is about equipment this and equipment that.
Maya: (I managed to blend my self-introduction with my explanation of various types of equipment. I think that's pretty interesting.)
Maya: (But that thought goes to show just how much of a stereotypical geek I am.)
Maya: Maybe I should just dig in my heels and stick to what I know best...
Maya: Maybe that will be enough to give courage to someone out there...
Maya: Sigh...
