event108-02 Chapter 1: Let the Hobby Hunt Begin!

Saya and Moca meet to discuss new hobbies when someone shows up to lend a hand...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Saya: Sorry for the wait! I brought sneakers and a jersey, just like you asked!
Saya: I've also got a drink, a towel, and... Hm? Moca, I see that you have a camera.
Moca: Oh, this~? I borrowed this from my dearest mother to better record the path you take~.
Saya: There you go again, saying stuff I don't understand~.
Moca: Fufufu~. So, how's it going~? Have you found a new hobby yet?
Saya: Not even close. I tried looking online, but there were so many interesting ideas that I couldn't decide.
Saya: So then, I figured I should decide on a good genre to start with, but you know what? Nothing really called out to me...
Moca: Mhm~. I thought that might happen... which is why I invited a special guest to the show~.
Moca: Come on out, Minato-san~.
Yukina: ...
Saya: Yukina-senpai?! What are you doing here?!
Moca: Calm down, Saya~. I told you there would be a guest~.
Yukina: Aoba-san. I came here because you said that you "needed help with something."
Yukina: But to be quite honest, I have no idea what is going on here. Care to explain?
Moca: Oh, I guess it did go down like that~.
Saya: Moca...
Saya: Um, I must apologize. This is all because of me. You see...
(Black cut)
Yukina: Someone to assist in finding a new hobby... Okay, now I finally understand the goal of this meeting.
Yukina: But why me? I have nothing I would consider a hobby, so I do not see how I am qualified to help.
Moca: Ohhh, well said, Minato-san. That is the reason you were summoned here~.
Yukina: ...? What do you mean?
Moca: When you mentioned not having any hobbies, a light bulb went off in my head~.
Moca: Hobbies are things we consider fun while doing them~.
Moca: And I figured that by sharing that fun with other people, it can give you a chance to try out many different activities~.
Yukina: Which is why you called me...?
Moca: Not only that, but this will give Minato-san a chance to find a hobby to call her own as well~.
Yukina: ... I see where you are coming from. You should have told me that from the beginning.
Moca: Hehehe, my bad~.
Yukina: Very well. Aoba-san, Yamabuki-san. Let me assist you in your hobby search.
Saya: Thank you so much! Ah, but I'm the only one looking for a...
Moca: Hey now, don't sweat the minor details~. Let's get out there and start looking~.
Saya: Wait, where exactly are we going?
Moca: You'll know when we get there~.
Saya: Huh~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Outside]

Kokoro: Welcome, I've been expecting you!
Saya: You were...? Really?
Moca: Allow me to formally introduce our newest member~. Another helping hand for today's challenge, Kokoro Tsurumaki-sensei~.
Kokoro: Let's make sure to have a lot of fun today!
Hagumi: Ta-da~! I'm here too!
Kaoru: I cannot ignore the cries of little kittens in need. Allow me to assist your efforts.
Maya: Having heard everything from Kaoru-san, I also wish to offer my services if I can help in any way! I look forward to working with you today!
Yukina: This has become quite the serious affair...
Kokoro: Oh? If it isn't Yukina! Have you also decided to help Saya?
Kokoro: Lovely! I'm excited beyond words! Let's begin searching for hobbies right away!
Yukina: ... Wait, Tsurumaki-san. Why are you holding my hand? This is all for Yamabuki-san, not me.
Kokoro: Well, we're all in this together, so I see nothing wrong with holding hands. Alright, let's head out!
Saya: Kokoro has already taken control...
Saya: And Yukina-senpai looks completely confused. What a mess~...
Hagumi: Saya, aren't you coming~?! Hurry up~!
Kokoro: We will not stop for anything!
Saya: Fufu. Thanks, everyone. Please, go easy on me.
