event108-03 Chapter 2: Kokoro and Maya's Hobby Class

The girls find a number of tools in Kokoro's garden. Saya begins testing them out.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Garden]

Kokoro: My recommendations are right over here!
Saya: A lot of colorful pins... Wait, are these juggling clubs?
Kokoro: Yes! And that's not all, of course!
Moca: Hula hoops, a trampoline. Not to mention kendama. She has everything you can think of~.
Kokoro: Everything you see here is not only incredibly fun to play with, but they're also the perfect goods for making people smile!
Kokoro: After speaking with Moca, these were the first things that came to mind, Saya!
Saya: Fufu. Thank you, Kokoro. But do you think I'm cut out for juggling? I've played with hula hoops and kendama before, but...
Kokoro: Of course you are! I guarantee it!
Saya: I don't know why you're so sure... but then again, juggling is something that I could eventually show or even teach my siblings...
Saya: Sure, sounds good to me.
Maya: There is plenty to work with here, so it may be best to try each item and see which feels best.
Kaoru: A series of trials. Let us begin, then.
Saya: Okay! Alright, here goes~...!
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Maya: Minato-san, the taketonbo is simply a matter of spinning the instrument. A simple spin is all it needs to fly. First, take it in your hands like this...
Yukina: A spin is all it needs to fly... Like this?
Kokoro: Ooo~! This is so much fun, Saya! Let's try the trampoline next!
Saya: Okay~. Ah, wait a minute. It looks like Moca and Hagumi's hula-hoop contest is finally over.
Hagumi: Wow~! Moca-chi is the winner~! And the new hula-hoop champion~!
Moca: Hooray, victory is mine.
Hagumi: Moca-chi, you brought a camera, right?! Take a picture with me! And let me have your autograph!
Kokoro: How lovely! I want a picture for myself!
Saya: Here, let me take them. We'll start with Hagumi's first. Say cheese!
Saya: ... Hey, all we're doing is goofing around!
Moca: Oh, so you finally noticed~.
Saya: You could have filled me in earlier~!
Maya: O-oh well. It was fun, and I believe it served as an excellent warm-up!
Maya: Having said that... Ahem. Allow me to introduce my recommendations next! Please direct your attention here!
Yukina: Is that an... electronics kit...?
Maya: Yes! Kits like this one are readily available nowadays, allowing anyone to easily create their own authentic items!
Maya: It can easily become an obsession, a nice change of pace while growing completely immersed in one's work... I find it to be a very deep and rewarding hobby!
Maya: Especially because the things you create can actually be used afterward.
Saya: We can make a radio exactly like this one? Wow, that's interesting.
Saya: I feel like I've dabbled in this "soldering" before during a lesson... I wonder if this is something I can do...
Maya: Don't worry! I will be here to help you every step of the way!
Yukina: Although I have my doubts... I suppose it is worth a try.
Saya: Agreed. Okay, Maya-san. We're in your hands.
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Saya: I... I did it...!
Yukina: I believe I am finished, as well.
Maya: Wow! Very impressive!
Maya: You've both done an amazing job! Especially this part of your radio, Yamabuki-san! It is very difficult to apply properly, yet you did it all the same!
Saya: Really? Thank you so much!
Maya: Now, let's test them and see if they can receive transmissions. We'll start with Yamabuki-san's first.
Saya: O-okay!
Maya: Here goes~...
Moca: Gulp...
Maya: Oh...? Ohhh....? Ohhh~! It works! Transmission received, Yamabuki-san!
Saya: I... I don't believe it~!
Hagumi: I can hear something from Minato-san's too! That's so cool!
Kokoro: This calls for a commemorative photo! Like the one of Moca!
Hagumi: Count me in~! Come on, guys! Saya too! Smile, everyone~!
Yukina: L-like this?
Kokoro: Perfect, Yukina! Another wonderful memory!
Kaoru: At last, my turn has come. Follow me, won't you?
Moca: Okay~. Let's go, Saya~.
Saya: Sure thing! Ah... Hey, Moca, let me borrow your camera.
Saya: (My radio came out a lot better than I expected, so I'd like a special picture of that too. Line it up with Yukina-senpai's, and... okay. Perfect!)
Saya: (I bet everyone will be so surprised. Fufu, I can't wait.)
Saya: (Alright, time to have some more fun!)
