event108-01 Opening: A New Hobby

Kasumi is extra excited at lunchtime. It seems she has a new hobby...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Look, Arisa! I have fried chicken in my lunch box today! I bet you're jealous!
Arisa: Yeah, good for you. Now if you'll excuse me.
Kasumi: Awww, Arisa! Don't ignore me~!
Rimi: Fufu. Kasumi-chan, you're even more energetic than usual.
Saya: She's been hyped up all day, come to think of it.
Tae: Did something good happen, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Huh?! Wow, guys! Can't hide anything from you...!
Kasumi: Actually, I started a new hobby recently~!
Rimi: A new hobby?
Kasumi: Yep! Aa-chan and I made our own kitchen garden together! It's so much fun!
Tae: A kitchen garden. That does sound interesting.
Saya: I heard those take a lot of time and effort to maintain. What have you grown so far?
Kasumi: Hehehe~. We've got parsley, lettuce... and leeks too~! You know, those tiny ones!
Arisa: Diving in headfirst, I see. Don't forget to water them.
Kasumi: I wouldn't do that~! They get plenty of love every day~!
Saya: I don't think the plants you went with need too much special care...
Saya: But wow, a new hobby. O-Tae and Rimi-rin, didn't you two also start your own lately?
Tae: Uh-huh. I've been making clothes for Oddie and the rest of the rabbits. They have a whole wardrobe now. Here, I've got pictures.
Arisa: Whoa, let me see... Uh, all you made are aprons!
Rimi: Himari-chan asked if I wanted to start a blog with her. Well, it's less of a blog and more of us giving opinions on sweets we've eaten...
Rimi: And what's really exciting is when people leave comments with their recommended shops.
Arisa: Those kinds of comments are a great way to learn new things~.
Arisa: I, uh... have something too. So I already post pictures of my bonsai online or whatever, but... I've been thinking about maybe... entering them into a competition.
Kasumi: That's so cool~! You had better tell us the results, Arisa!
Arisa: If I go through with it! And that's a big if! So don't get your hopes up!
Saya: Yeah, uh-huh. We got it.
Saya: Anyway, it looks like everyone has been dabbling in new stuff lately. Nice~.
Arisa: What about you, Saya? Anything new on your end?
Saya: Hmmm... Not really. When I went out the other day, all I did was browse hair accessories like I always do.
Tae: Oh, what did you buy?
Saya: Some really cute ones, I'll have you know! They had so many colors and styles that it was hard to choose...
Saya: (Wow, I'm jealous... Everyone has, like, this fresh new glow. A new hobby, huh~...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: Hello~.
Saya: Ah, Moca. Welcome. It's not often that you stop by at this hour.
Moca: Fufufu~. I made plans to go borrow some manga from Hii-chan later~. So I came here to pick up a few goodies~.
Saya: You guys sure do love your manga.
Moca: That we do~. We started out with trading manga back and forth, but then we moved on to novels and photo albums~.
Moca: I wasn't interested in that kind of stuff at first, but then I got hooked pretty fast~. I mean, there are so many new things to discover out there~.
Moca: And now, I have many new places to explore and new activities to try but not enough time for it all~. Boohoo~.
Saya: Fufu, that does sound pretty exciting.
Moca: Uh-huh~. Tons of fun~. It even kind of changed how I look at manga when I read it.
Moca: Those times I couldn't understand why a character felt a certain way all feel so clear to me now~. The same old manga are now twice... no, thrice as nice~.
Saya: That much better? Wow, that does sound cool.
Saya: To tell the truth, I've been thinking of maybe finding my own new hobby.
Saya: ... Not that I know where to start, mind you. I just thought it'd make for a nice change.
Moca: Ohhh~. Saya making a rare comment...?
Moca: Very well, Moca-chan shall lend a hand~. I'll help you find that new hobby you crave~.
Saya: Huh?! No, I couldn't ask that of you!
Saya: I appreciate the offer, but aren't you already pretty busy with your band and part-time job?
Moca: No problem~. I see it as a kind of amusing treasure hunt~.
Moca: That settles it, then~. Let's get out there and find you a hobby most deep and profound~!
