event108-05 Chapter 4: Let's Go Rock Climbing!

Chisato and Aya offer to help, and Chisato suggests a certain sport...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Moca: And now, let's introduce our next helper~.
Chisato: Hello.
Aya: Moca-chan told us everything! Together, we'll find the perfect hobby!
Saya: Chisato-senpai, Aya-senpai! Thank you so much!
Chisato: Did everyone bring athletic wear to change into?
Yukina: Yes. I brought my own, as instructed.
Saya: If we need these kinds of clothes, then... are we going to be playing sports today?
Chisato: Correct. I would like to introduce you to the sport of bouldering.
Yukina: Bouldering?
Moca: ... Which means we'll be climbing that wall thing, right?
Aya: Today is actually my first time too! Chisato-chan was taught by one of the instructors here, right?
Chisato: Indeed. Bouldering was recommended to me as a good method of training as it helps increase physical strength, as well as improve one's sense of balance and decision-making skills.
Chisato: Moreover, the indispensable sense of accomplishment needed to persevere is yet another bonus.
Chisato: Obstacles that were impossible only a day prior can be literally overcome. If the realization of hard work and ingenuity is what you seek, then look no further than the hobby that is bouldering.
Moca: I see~. All of those things would stick with you, huh...?
Saya: Yeah, it sounds like it would be worth the effort!
Chisato: I am glad that you see it that way. Alright, I say we get started then.
Aya: Sure! Fufu, how exciting~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Bouldering Gym]

Aya: Man... I'm exhausted~!
Aya: Ugh... This is way harder than I thought... My arms nearly gave out as soon as I started climbing... In the end, I barely got anywhere at all~!
Chisato: Fufu. Welcome back, Aya-chan. Your tumble was refined and graceful indeed.
Aya: Jeez, stop teasing me, Chisato-chan~!
Yukina: Yes, it was much more difficult than I anticipated. All the more reason to consider it worthwhile training, though.
Moca: Right on~. If we got used to this, those super long concerts would feel like nothing at all~.
Yukina: ...! True... It may even help with strengthening my singing.
Saya: I may be new to this whole bouldering thing, but being able to share our thoughts and experiences like this is a lot of fun too!
Saya: The way everyone is trying their best to reach the top, how we'd panic when we were about to fall, and not to mention all the great photos we took.
Chisato: Oh my. I would very much like to see those. I imagine the funniest ones involve Aya-chan in some way.
Aya: Th-that's not true~!
Saya: Hahaha!
Moca: Oh, Saya. What do you think of bouldering~?
Saya: I liked it! I've always been an active person, so I think it suits me~.
Saya: The real issue is whether or not I can physically keep it up or not.
Chisato: That... is one factor to consider, yes.
Moca: Ah, that makes sense~.
Yukina: Taking it up casually may be difficult, as it would involve coming to the gym regularly.
Saya: You make a good point. And I get the feeling it would eat into my allowance... I can see myself doing it from time to time, though.
Chisato: That sounds reasonable.
Chisato: A more casual hobby may ultimately be the best option... Hmmm... Do you have any ideas, Aya-chan?
Aya: Sigh~...
Chisato: Aya-chan?
Aya: Hm? Ah, what? Sorry. I was so tired that I spaced out...!
Saya: Fufu, I say we've earned a little rest.
Saya: Having experienced so much new stuff, I think this is a good place for me to stop and think things over.
Moca: Works for me~.
Chisato: Aya-chan, I swear... Thank you for coming, Saya-chan.
Chisato: If we're stopping now, why don't we go to that nearby cafe? Their pancakes are especially delicious.
Saya: Pancakes sound great! My stomach is already making a racket.
Chisato: Fufu. Okay, let's head out.
