event108-07 Ending: Commemorative Photo

Saya takes a picture of everyone and explains why she chose photography.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato)

[Café]

Saya: Aya-senpai, can you move a little closer...? Yeah, just like that!
Saya: Okay, here goes~.
Moca: Cheese~.
Yukina: ... Are you satisfied with the photo?
Saya: It's perfect, thanks to you all!
Chisato: Excellent. So, why did you decide on photography? Especially after all of the exciting activities you tried...
Saya: I'm kind of surprised myself, honestly. But looking at those photos from earlier is what really made it click.
Saya: I really like discovering and trying new things, but what I love more than anything is sharing those good times with my friends.
Aya: Sharing good times...? Ah, I get it!
Aya: Photos can be good for that, but actually chatting about things afterward with friends... just like we're doing right now is the special thing that Saya-chan needs!
Chisato: It was under her very nose, you could say.
Yukina: Yes, I would appear so.
Yukina: It is a wonder that we did not notice it sooner. Every photograph that she took focuses less on the activities themselves and more on the joyous expressions of those participating.
Aya: This one, and that one too... You're right! They're all full of smiling faces!
Moca: Fufufu. So you finally noticed~.
Moca: It was I, Moca-chan, who foresaw this and brought the camera along~.
Aya: Huh?! Moca-chan, that's amazing...!
Saya: Hahaha... I get the feeling she's just joking.
Moca: Tehehe~. Saya is still oblivious~. The great Moca-chan sees and knows all~.
Saya: Yeah, yeah. Thanks, Moca.
Moca: You're welcome~.
Chisato: Fufu. Well, I say we spend the day helping Saya-chan enjoy her new hobby.
Aya: Nice idea! Especially after how long it took to find! Let's take a lot more photos to celebrate!
Yukina: Agreed. However, I worry that we may somehow inconvenience the café.
Chisato: We can ask for permission, of course. Let's tell them it's our friend's special anniversary.
Saya: Thank you so much! Okay everyone, line up over there...
Moca: Hold that thought~. Saya, you've been behind the lens this whole time, so we don't have a single photo with you in it~.
Moca: It's your special day, so go on and get in there~. We'll be taking the next one with a timer shot~.
Moca: Let's see, I think this is the right button~...
Aya: Saya-chan, can you share these pictures with me later? To help me remember today.
Saya: Sure, of course! I'll send them along with the ones we took while bouldering.
Moca: I'd like them too, Saya~.
Saya: Alright, alright... Wait, this is your camera, Moca.
Moca: Oh, how about that~.
Yukina: My goodness...
Saya: Hahahahaha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: Time to dig in. Let's eat~.
Kasumi: ... Sigh~.
Saya: What's wrong, Kasumi? You seem a little down today.
Kasumi: Ngh... You won't believe what happened...
Kasumi: Aa-chan and I were in the garden, and she freaked out on me when I gave the plants too much water~! She said, "You're on time-out from the garden!"
Arisa: Well, you brought that upon yourself.
Kasumi: Huh~?! Arisa, how could you~?! After all the hard work I put in~!
Rimi: She's been like this all day.
Arisa: Meanwhile, Saya seems to be in pretty high spirits.
Tae: Did something good happen, Saya?
Saya: Ah, was it that obvious? Fufu.
Saya: Actually... I've got something to show you all!
Tae: To show us...? On your phone?
Kasumi: Wow, what is it?! Let me see!
Arisa: Stop pushing, idiot!
Rimi: I'd like to see, Saya-chan...!
Saya: C-calm down, you guys. Just give me a second.
Saya: These are photos I took the other day. Moca dropped by to help me out with...
(Black cut)
