event108-06 Chapter 5: Memories in the Camera

Even after trying out various hobbies, none of them feel right for Saya...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato)

[Café]

Saya: Mmm, these pancakes are great~! What a nice little café.
Moca: The croissants are amazing too~. So good~.
Chisato: Fufu, I am glad to hear it.
Aya: Sugar is just what I need after all that exercise~.
Yukina: Maruyama-san, I imagine you must be especially tired with how relentless you were from the beginning.
Chisato: She never thinks to pace herself. I consider it one of her good qualities, though.
Aya: ... Should I take that as a compliment or what?
Saya: Fufu, by all means.
Saya: But yeah... I feel like I should apologize. Everyone stuck around to help me out, but I still can't decide on anything.
Saya: Everything we've done has been fun, but I feel like there should still be something out there that is perfect for me.
Aya: It's just one of those things. It'll come along when you least expect it, I think.
Chisato: I agree...
Chisato: Say, Saya-chan. It may be strange to ask this now, but... why are you searching for a new hobby?
Saya: Huh?
Yukina: I have not heard her reason either, come to think of it.
Saya: Ah, um... I guess you could say I was inspired.
Saya: When I was hanging out with Poppin'Party the other day, everyone began sharing their new hobbies.
Saya: Kasumi took up gardening, and the others also had new pursuits based on their previous interests.
Saya: They all seemed so excited, almost radiant even... I think a part of me envied that.
Moca: Ah... I get what you mean~. The people you hang around the most somehow shine the brightest at times~.
Saya: So I decided to challenge myself and try something new... but now that I think about it, forcing the issue probably wasn't such a good idea.
Saya: There's no way a new hobby would just fall into my lap, so it might be better to take some to think it over for a while~...
Yukina: ... I don't believe that to be true.
Saya: Huh?
Yukina: Having been spurred on by others, now is arguably the best time to search for a new activity.
Yukina: It is important to take advantage of that inspiration and let it flow through you.
Saya: Let the inspiration... flow through me...
Aya: Uh-huh. I think so too!
Aya: You'll find something! All you need is, um... um... I-I don't know~!
Chisato: Goodness, Aya-chan. Calm down.
Chisato: The reason we came to this café was to consider the issue logically, so why not take this opportunity to look back on what you've done?
Chisato: There is no sense in giving up before doing that, yes?
Moca: Right, right. I've got to agree with that one~.
Moca: A trip to the past could be a great way to find what you need~! This calls for... ta-da~. My trusty camera~.
Saya: Right, the camera! Alright, let's plug in the charger, and...
Aya: Camera...? Wait, is that the same one from before?
Yukina: Yes. They have been taking countless pictures, actually.
Aya: For real?! Let me see...! Wow, there's Kokoro-chan.
Yukina: This is from when Tsurumaki-san was teaching Yamabuki-san how to juggle.
Chisato: That does look like fun. Oh, and Maya-chan was with you.
Moca: Yep~. Maya-senpai taught us how to build electronics, actually.
Aya: Ah, so you made those radios yourselves, then! Whoa, you did a great job!
Chisato: I heard Kaoru was present as well... Ah, yes. Ballroom dancing...
Saya: Kaoru-san taught us all sorts of new dance steps. The only one I was able to get down was the waltz... but it was a lot of fun!
Chisato: I would say it was worth it, then.
Aya: Ah, there's another page! And it's filled with photos too.
Moca: These are all group photos from after the stuff we tried. Oh, and some landscape shots too.
Saya: Hahaha, do you think I took too many? Holding a camera just makes you want to take photos.
Saya: Taking photos in and of itself is fun, but I think looking back on all those good times is also exciting.
Saya: That's why we have so many albums back at home. I can't wait to talk about what happened with Kokoro and the others, not to mention Poppin'Party...
Saya: ... Ah!
