event108-04 Chapter 3: Fleeting Ballroom Dance Lessons

Kaoru recommends ballroom dancing, and the girls try it out despite their lack of experience.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kaoru: Welcome, my little kittens.
Kaoru: My recommendation is none other than ballroom dancing!
Moca: Ballroom dancing! Ohhh~! What mature tastes~.
Kaoru: Fufu... Indeed. Ballroom dancing is surprisingly difficult to undertake, however.
Kaoru: A beautiful dance requires one to have mastery over their entire being, from their fingertips down to their toes. It is an opportunity to simultaneously exercise the body and refine the soul.
Kaoru: A truly fleeting hobby that engages both the physical and the mental...!
Saya: That makes sense. I assumed it was more relaxed and free-flowing.
Kaoru: That would be true for the type of dancing done at parties. I was referring to the realm of professionals.
Kaoru: A grand opportunity awaits. I hope you will find enjoyment in both styles.
Yukina: But are we not lacking in those with ballroom dancing experience?
Yukina: The number of able instructors present is fairly obvious, I believe.
Kokoro: No need to worry! I will be your teacher, Yukina!
Kokoro: And if we still need more help, the suit people can step in at any time!
Maya: The idea of dancing like this has me pretty nervous.
Moca: I hear that~.
Hagumi: I'm ready for anything! Let's do this thing, Kaoru-kun~!
Kaoru: Fufu. Very well, then let us begin.
Saya: One, two, three. One, two, three...
Kaoru: Perfect. The rhythm of the waltz has begun to flow through you.
Saya: It feels like I might trip over myself sometimes, though.
Kaoru: Fufu. Fear not, for all beginners experience this.
Kaoru: Nevertheless, it has been quite a while since we last danced like this, Saya-chan... Not since you were tasked with modeling as a newlywed, yes?
Saya: I didn't dance back then, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Oh, is that so?
Saya: Hahaha. Don't you remember? It's hard to forget a tough day like that.
Kaoru: My memory must be clouded with the overwhelming beauty to which I was exposed.
Saya: Now you've lost me... Fufu.
Kaoru: Fufu...
Kokoro: Kaoru and Saya look like they're having a wonderful time! How lovely~!
Kokoro: Looking from the sidelines is no fun. We should join in as well! Moca!
Moca: Oh dear, I've been selected~.
Saya: Come on, Moca. Give it a try. It's pretty fun once you get started.
Moca: I get all that~, but I'm still a mere novice, so I don't- Whoa?!
Kokoro: Dancing is easy, Moca. Just let your body be free! Right, Kaoru?!
Kaoru: Quite. Surrender both body and soul to your partner in a fleeting fellowship.
Moca: Interesting~. Free, fleeting, and deep~?
Saya: Fufu, that sounds about right! Just watch me, Moca. Move your feet like this... One, two, three...
(Black cut)
Moca: That concludes the lesson~.
Moca: Oh boy, this sure was an eventful day~. We tried out many different things, so... were you able to find a hobby to call your own~?
Saya: Good question. They were all a lot of fun, but I feel like nothing really stuck out to me as a hobby I would want to pick up.
Moca: I see~. Maybe we should try something else in that case~.
Saya: ... Huh? Are you sure you don't mind?
Moca: If it's for you, Saya, I don't mind~.
Saya: Uh, what about you, Yukina-senpai...?
Yukina: Allow me to continue, as well. I plan to see this through to its conclusion.
Yukina: The question is where to proceed from here. It may be best to once again invite someone to assist us...
Moca: You let ol' Moca-chan handle all that~. It may take a little time to set up, so let's hold off until a later date~.
Saya: Sorry for all of the trouble. I appreciate it. Moca, everyone else... Thank you very much.
Kokoro: And thank you, Saya! I had so much fun today~!
Kokoro: And once you've found that perfect hobby, be sure to teach it to me! And in return, I'll share even more of my exciting ideas! Wouldn't that be lovely?
Saya: Hahaha, okay~! It's a deal!
Kokoro: Wonderful! I look forward to it!
