41_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R1 Hanasakigawa Dimension

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: Camera, all set! Okay~. Here we go~.
Kokoro: Heyya~! I'm Kokoro! Singer for Hello, Happy World! How are you?
Kokoro: If you're well, then that's awesome! If you're not, oh no!
Kokoro: Whichever you are, you're about to join me on my search for something fun!
Kokoro: Huh? What? I should probably explain what "something fun" is?
Kokoro: Well, of course, we're gonna figure that out together! That's also the reason we made this band!
Kokoro: Hello, Happy World! Making the world smile!!
Kokoro: I mean, everyone smiles when they're having fun, right? I love smiles!
Kokoro: If we find something fun together, we can all have a good time. Then, you will all smile, and I will smile too!
Kokoro: See, look! What a good feeling!
Kokoro: But it's not enough! We need more! More smiling! What should we do?
Kokoro: When you're always looking for fun, finding something new is a toughie.
Kokoro: But we'll definitely find something together, so everything will be a-okay!


<Words Creating Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: Hey~! Yoo-hoo~!
Kokoro: Where are you going? I'm about to go to the studio! The whole band is going to be there, so I'm really excited~.
Kokoro: We have to practice hard if we want our next show to be a success.
Kokoro: Ehehe, I'm full of energy even after school. I've been looking forward to practice today all day long!
Kokoro: Of course I'm a little tired, but... we have band practice, so now I have a hundred times as much energy!
Kokoro: The band is the thing I can pour the most energy into.
Kokoro: I've never felt tired doing anything connected to the band. Not once!
Kokoro: Whether it's practice, or doing a performance, I'm always full of energy!
Kokoro: Everyone in the band works really hard together, and the fans support us with their smiles. Those are the kinds of things that give me power!
Kokoro: Your support does too, of course!
Kokoro: I'm really happy that you always talk to us before our performances start.
Kokoro: It makes me know that someone is looking out for us.
Kokoro: So... thanks!
Kokoro: You're surprised that I said it so suddenly? I always wanted to thank you!
Kokoro: Ever since the first day you talked to us at the live house...
Kokoro: And now I finally got to say it~! I'm glad!
Kokoro: Thanks is a special word that makes the person who hears it, and the person who says it smile.
Kokoro: I always wanted to say it to you, but I could never find the right timing.
Kokoro: But these things shouldn't be put off, should they? It just doesn't feel right.
Kokoro: ... So, I think I'll say it anytime I want to now! Thanks!
