43_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 Invincible Hero

Gacha phrase: Everyone in the world is a hero!

<A Worrier>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: Kokoro. What are your thoughts about our band members?
Kokoro: My thoughts? I love everyone.
Misaki: Aha... Just as I thought. Okay, is there anyone else you love?
Kokoro: Actually, I love everyone I've ever met!
Misaki: ... That's what I thought you'd say... Hmm, what to do. This is tough.
Kokoro: Huh? Are you worried about something?
Misaki: So earlier, you know the live house that asked us to perform? They reached out to us again, and-
Kokoro: Awesome!! Let's do it!!
Misaki: Well, yeah. About that. First, they want us to answer a few interview questions for the free newspaper.
Misaki: Specifically, the naïve and innocent, yet mysterious singer, Kokoro-chan!... is who they want to talk to.
Kokoro: Oh, then you can tell them that Hello, Happy World! is making the world sm-
Misaki: I wrote that already. This part is more so like, what you think when you look at us...
Misaki: Like, how you would introduce the group. Think you can do that?
Kokoro: Introductions for our members?
Misaki: Rather than just being about you, I think it'd be better if we had a little bit about each of us. If you can't do it, I'll just write whatever.
Kokoro: I can! Uhh...
Kokoro: So, Kaoru... Usually I have no idea what she's saying, but it seems like she's enjoying herself, and I think that's most important.
Misaki: Kaoru-san thinks you are the one who knows her best though?!
Kokoro: I don't think it's really about whether the words get through to people. If you use words you really like, I think it's easier to relax.
Kokoro: That's why when she's unsure of what to say, she takes famous lines from someone else and tries to approach others that way.
Kokoro: If you really think about it, she's a bit shy.
Misaki: ... Ahh.
Kokoro: But on the other hand, the bravest member of Hello, Happy World! is Kanon.
Misaki: Huh? Even though she's always like ahh~, and fue~?
Kokoro: It's because she's always afraid that she's used to the feeling, and then when it's time, she's surprisingly strong.
Kokoro: She was all, "fue~, fue~" when I first played with her, too. But on the drums, she was totally fine. And she has a strong sense of responsibility.
Misaki: Now that you mention it, there have been times when I've relied on her. But I just thought it was because she's my senpai...
Kokoro: The one most like a girl is Hagumi.
Misaki: Mhm~. I can see that! She likes things that are cute like Michelle, and she really cares about how she looks.
Kokoro: But she doesn't think that that's a good fit for her, so she acts like a boy. She's cute when she's just being herself. What a shame.
Misaki: Wow~. You pay a lot of attention to the people around you. I wouldn't have expected that. Hey, what about me?
Kokoro: ...
Kokoro: Uhh…Sorry, who are you...?
Misaki: Hey, c'mon. I'm sure everyone else is bored of this already.
Kokoro: Who's everyone else?
Misaki: Ugh, stop it. Tell me what you think of Michelle's friend.
Kokoro: ...
Misaki: After all this time, you have no thoughts?
Kokoro: Michelle is Hello, Happy World!'s guardian angel! When she's around, we're unstoppable.
Misaki: Hey, don't change the subject!
Kokoro: Hmm. Michelle's friend. You're... kinda scary when you're angry.
Misaki: Are you thinking of something that you know will make me upset?
Kokoro: It's just... you... always worry. You're always unhappy with how things turn out, but if by chance you're not, you hide your true feelings.
Kokoro: You're always like, "I don't really care," or "this probably won't work."
Kokoro: Even when it's actually something you really like. I just wish you would say it, but you're always so negative.
Kokoro: It's hard to describe, but... it's weird. Things get sort of tight right here, and I have to find something fun fast and get that happy feeling back.
Kokoro: And maybe that's why I forget so quickly when something has to do with you!
Misaki: ...
Misaki: Ahh. I see. Okay, what do you think about yourself?
Kokoro: Me? Same as always! I search for enjoyment, I love smiles and I only do fun things...
Kokoro: But now that I'm thinking about it, I feel like recently I've been talking to people a lot.
Misaki: Does that mean before the band came together, you didn't really talk to people?
Kokoro: I definitely asked everyone I met to join in on the fun with me.
Kokoro: I love talking to people! You never know when something exciting will happen!
Kokoro: But like, specifically doing that, or planning to do this, and all of the talks, and you getting angry at me now and then...
Kokoro: I think this is my first time for stuff like that.
Kokoro: That's why I'm sure that with our band, we can make the world smile!
Misaki: Hmm. I see.
Misaki: I'm kinda annoyed, being such a negative Nancy and all, but at least this seems like it'll be a good article.
Kokoro: Really? That's great!


<Power Of Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪
Kokoro: ... Huh? Oh, {{userName}}!
Kokoro: What a surprise to see you here! Are you taking a walk?
Kokoro: ... Me? I'm about to go to practice!
Kokoro: Misaki booked the studio for us today, so we're going to practice there!
Kokoro: I want to do more things than just play music...
Kokoro: But Misaki says we need to get the music right first!
Kokoro: ... Oh, I know! We must have bumped into each other for a reason! Let's walk to the studio together!
Kokoro: ... Huh? You can't go? You've got something on your mind...?
Kokoro: Hmm, I see.
Kokoro: One of the girls working at the live house made a mistake, and now she's feeling down about it.
Kokoro: I don't really know what feeling down means exactly...
Kokoro: But I do know that it means she can't smile!
Kokoro: That's serious! How is she supposed to have fun?
Kokoro: Sometimes people forget their smile, and I think she's one of them!
Kokoro: But in that case, what are you doing here?
Kokoro: You have an important job to do!
Kokoro: Go to her, and help her find her smile again!
Kokoro: You can think about "how" later!
Kokoro: It's such a waste for her not to use her smile, you know?
Kokoro: Smiles are the greatest thing in the world. Forgetting something like that…
Kokoro: It's just such a waste!
Kokoro: I want all the people like that to remember their smiles again!
Kokoro: You want her to remember her smile too, right?
Kokoro: In that case, there's only one thing we can do! Let's go to her, right now!
Kokoro: ... Huh? That's nice of me to say, but we shouldn't? Why not?
Kokoro: Because we don't know if it will help her...?
Kokoro: Hmm...
Kokoro: I don't really know what you mean by that...
Kokoro: We haven't even tried yet.
Kokoro: Whether it'll work, or be a failure...
Kokoro: There's no way to tell unless we try!
Kokoro: Which means that if we try, it might work. I think it'll definitely work!
Kokoro: That reminds me, I met someone a long time ago who said the same thing. That it's impossible to make everyone smile.
Kokoro: But I don't think it is!
Kokoro: If someone has forgotten their smile, the others around them just have to help them remember!
Kokoro: I think everyone has the power to make someone smile.
Kokoro: So that's why when a person forgets their smile, someone around them just needs to help them remember.
Kokoro: And if the people around them have forgotten their smiles too, then someone around those people just has to help them.
Kokoro: If we all keep doing that, everyone will end up smiling again!
Kokoro: So if there's someone that you want to smile again...
Kokoro: You need to stop worrying, and starting smiling yourself!
Kokoro: Come on, I said smile!
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!!
Kokoro: One more time!
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!!
Kokoro: Nice smile! It makes me want to smile too!
Kokoro: From today onwards, you're a hero that will make someone smile!
Kokoro: You feel like you can do it? You've always had it in you. That's how amazing you are!
Kokoro: Okay, let's go see the girl who is feeling depressed!
Kokoro: I'm going too, of course! I'll let the others know right now!
Kokoro: Practice... can wait!
Kokoro: The real thing is more important than practice, isn't it?
Kokoro: Actually going and making people smile is much more important than practicing it!
Kokoro: Okay, let's run to the girl's place!
