111_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Maritime Detective

Gacha phrase: Thief! You give Kanon back to me!

<Scouting The Phantom Thief>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Ah, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Oh, it's Kanon and... Misaki!
Misaki: Is it just me or was there a pause before you said my name...?
Kokoro: It's just your imagination! Don't worry about it, I only forgot for a split second!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, how many times have you met Misaki-chan now? It's about time you remembered her name~...
Kokoro: Okay, I've got it now! Anyway, I wanted to talk to you, Kanon. It's about the cruise.
Kokoro: You were kidnapped by the thief, right? I talked to the staff on the ship, but... no one had any idea who it was.
Kokoro: They told me that they didn't let any suspicious people on the ship that day.
Kanon: Ahaha, I see.
Misaki: What would you do if you found out the identity of the thief?
Kokoro: I'd offer her a position, of course!
Kanon: A position...? D-do you mean... in the band...?
Misaki: Ahh... I think I remember Kokoro saying something like that when the thief first appeared...
Kokoro: I thought of this the first time I saw the thief! It'd be so much fun if she was a member of our band!
Kokoro: She took Kanon in the blink of an eye, and disappeared in a flash! Chasing after her was really exciting too! That's why I thought I should ask her to join!
Kokoro: Is that strange?
Kanon: I-it's not strange... at all. R-right, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Uh, yeah, sure, why not?
Kokoro: Hey, Kanon, do you have any idea who the thief was? You talked to her when she kidnapped you, right?
Kanon: U-umm... I guess so, but only a little..
Kokoro: Do you know where she lives? Or what she does when she's not being a thief? Anything?
Kanon: W-we didn't talk about things like that. I don't think a thief wants to talk about their private life...
Kokoro: Anything will do! What can you remember?
Misaki: Give her a break, Kokoro. She doesn't know anything.
Misaki: And besides, even she did join us, what instrument would she play?
Kokoro: Instrument?
Misaki: You want her to join the band right? We already have guitarist, a bassist, and a drummer.
Kokoro: I didn't think about that.
Misaki: We already have a full band. I don't think anything good is going to come from adding another person.
Kokoro: But I think our shows would be even more fun with the thief performing too! You agree, don't you Kanon?
Kanon: Uh, I-I...
Misaki: It's not an issue of fun or not fun, it's about whether we need more people in the band or not.
Misaki: Even if she said yes, there's no instrument for her to play, you know?
Kokoro: In that case, she doesn't have to play anything!
Misaki: Umm?
Kokoro: She can have the position of performer! Or second vocalist!
Kokoro: She could do tricks, or dance while we are playing our songs! What do you think? Doesn't it sound lovely?
Kokoro: It's so exciting just imagining it! It's decided then! She can be our performer!
Kanon: I-I'm not sure it's a good idea... Umm, the stage at the live house is kind of small...
Misaki: She'd probably just get in the way.
Kanon: A-and besides, we don't know if she wants to join us or not...
Misaki: She is a thief, after all. Why would she want to do something that puts her in the spotlight like that.
Kokoro: Really? She kidnapped Kanon, and disappeared in a puff of smoke. I think she likes to stand out!
Misaki: Ugh... you've got me there...
Kokoro: I'm sure she'd join us if we asked her!
Kokoro: Let's go talk to the staff on the ship one more time! Maybe the thief came back again!
Kanon: Huh?! We're going on the ship again?
Kokoro: That's right! Come on, let's go!
Misaki: The thief has always been in the band, mind you.
Misaki: ... She can't hear me.
Kanon: Is the thief... Kaoru-san?
Misaki: Oh, you realized too? Kokoro seems to be completely oblivious.
Kanon: Ah, I knew it! Her voice sounded familiar, and I thought it was strange that she called me her little kitten when she let me go.
Kanon: I wonder if Kokoro-chan really plans to and ask more questions...
Kokoro: What are you doing? The thief might be on the ship at this very moment!
Kokoro: Come on, let's hurry!
Kanon: Umm... wh-what should we do, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Well... I guess we'll just have to follow her.
Kanon: I-I thought you say that...
Kanon: Wait up, Kokoro-chan~!
Misaki: *sigh*... How are we gonna make her let this go? Oh well, I'd better catch up to them.


<One Heart>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: Oh, {{userName}}. Fancy meeting you here!
Kokoro: ... You think I'm more smiley than usual today? That's because I am! Something really good happened, and I can't wait to talk about it!
Kokoro: Just the other day, I went on a cruise with the other members of the band!
Kokoro: Why a cruise? I'm not sure, but it doesn't matter!
Kokoro: A thief appeared on the ship! I was so surprised! I've been on lots of ships, but that's never happened before.
Kokoro: And Kanon got kidnapped, too!
Kokoro: Don't tell anyone, but I was a little envious.
Kokoro: Being kidnapped isn't something you can experience every day!
Kokoro: We all worked together and played lots of games against the thief, and we were able to get Kanon back!
Kokoro: What kind of games do you think we played? Since it's hard to imagine, I'll tell you!
Kokoro: Hagumi played the first game! It was roulette at the casino!
Kokoro: It was a test of luck with only two options to choose from, but Hagumi lost! I think that she tried really hard though! It was so close!
Kokoro: I played the next game! We had to find an item that was fleeting...
Kokoro: The mask I chose wasn't quite right it seems...
Kokoro: The thief just couldn't see how fleeting it was! These things happen, I guess!
Kokoro: The next game was played by... hmm, I don't remember! Anyway, she had to confess her love to Kanon!
Kokoro: It  was... terrible!
Kokoro: We couldn't win that game either, but in the end we cornered the thief!
Kokoro: I stepped out onto the terrace of the ship, and said "hold it right there!"
Kokoro: The way I handled it was really cool! I wish you could have seen it too!
Kokoro: Kaoru was the only one who wasn't there. It's a shame she missed it!
Kokoro: The last game we played was a quiz, and I got the answer right. Then the thief gave Kanon back to us, and disappeared!
Kokoro: I feel like our team work has gotten better thanks to what happened on the ship.
Kokoro: Rehearsals go really well now, we don't even need signals to stay in time!
Kokoro: ... That reminds me, I feel closer to Michelle now too, even though she wasn't on the ship. I wonder why.
Kokoro: ... Oh, I see! Our hearts became one, which means Michelle's did too!
Kokoro: We are always in each others hearts, after all!
Kokoro: I hope Michelle will be there next time we have an exciting experience like that!
Kokoro: Speaking of Michelle, we got a souvenir mask for her, and I gave it to Misaki.
Kokoro: Do you think she liked it? I'll have to ask Misaki next time I see her!
Kokoro: I wonder what kind of exciting things will happen to us next. Just thinking about it makes me happy!
Kokoro: Someone might appear suddenly and do something interesting again!
Kokoro: I wonder what will happen if it's a pirate next time!
Kokoro: I'm sure we'll be okay! If we work together, we can overcome anything!
Kokoro: You think so too, don't you?!
Kokoro: ... Oh, I know! Why don't you come on the cruise with us next time? It'll be an exciting experience!
Kokoro: Actually, not just you... I want everyone in the world to come! If we all go on a cruise together and have an exciting time, I'm sure everyone will become friends!
Kokoro: We're going to need a really big ship!
Kokoro: First I want to take everyone from school!
Kokoro: After that, everyone who comes to see our performances! We'll invite them to a show on the high seas that will make them smile!
Kokoro: And then we'll keep taking on more and more passengers! I think I'll call the ship the "HHW Smile"!
Kokoro: By the time the HHW Smile has gone around the world, everyone in the world will be smiling!
Kokoro: Doesn't it sound lovely? Just thinking about it makes me feel so excited!
Kokoro: I can't just sit here and wait for it to happen! I'd better start preparing the ship!
Kokoro: All aboard the HHW Smile!
Kokoro: That includes you too!!
