228_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 A Happy Revolution!

<Kokoro's Writing Method>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Okay, we've organized our next performance. Now it's time to write our new song!
Kanon: We agreed on the performance so suddenly, but this is sudden too, Kokoro-chan.
Misaki: If we're going to write a new song, we're going to have to get stuck into it immediately to have it ready in time.
Kokoro: Then let's get to it. There's no need to save fun things for later!
Kanon: I guess we'll just start with the lyrics? Are we going to do it in the same way we always do, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yeah. Kokoro is like a never-ending found of ideas, so we'll just put them all together.
Kanon: Aww, I'm never any help when we do this... I can't imagine how hard this would be without you, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: I don't want to imagine that either. The song would probably end up as some chaotic mess of words and melodies...
Kokoro: First lets think of what kind of song we want to write! Oh, Kaoru said she wanted to write a fleeting song, so let's go with that!
Misaki: Hold up, we can't play a fleeting song for my classmates. And besides, I think we should take our time to write something like that when Kaoru-san is here with us!
Kokoro: Really? But your classmates might really want to hear a fleeting song, you know?
Misaki: Trust me, they're not the kind of girls that want to hear a fleeting song...
Kanon: I-in that case, what do you think about making the message you want to tell your classmates into the lyrics?
Kokoro: Kanon is right! So, what do you want to tell them, Misaki?
Misaki: Hrm, in really basic words... I just want to tell them their world is bigger than they think, I guess.
Kokoro: A bigger world... That's great! I like it!
Kokoro: I'm starting to visualize it!
Kanon: I think Kokoro-chan is extra excited today.
Misaki: Yeah. Now all we have to do is just believe in Kokoro and do our best... to translate her ideas!
Kokoro: Happy happy happy~, hm-hmm... I think we should go with a fun melody!
Misaki: Here it comes, Kanon-san. Kokoro's super-lyric-creation time!
Kanon: O-okay... I'll try to be strong!
Kokoro: Hm-hmm~, happy happy, world...!
Kokoro: Misaki, I'll draw my ideas as pictures. That'll make it easier to understand!
Misaki: Is that a starfish? Or a reindeer...? This picture is just making it more complicated.
Kanon: Aww... I'm more confused than usual...
Misaki: The starfish is curled up into the shape of a star...? But if it's already shaped like a star, why does it have to curl up?!
Kokoro: Oh, I know! If I combine this happy and the happy over here... There... smile, happy!
Kanon: Wh-wh-whaaat...? Misaki-chan... I don't know what's going on...
Misaki: It's okay, Kanon-san. It's not like I have any idea either.
Misaki: But even if we don't understand, we've gotta grasp onto Kokoro's ideas and somehow make a song...!
Kanon: You've never been this motivated before, Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: If these tiny stars all come together and connect, they make a smile!
Misaki: Stars... Do you mean, the band? We can connect smiles... Maybe?
Kokoro: No, Misaki. Something more wonderful than that! People come together and make a pyramid!
Kanon: A-a pyramid...? Wh-where on earth is this going...?
Misaki: She's trying to say that it'll be more fun with more people... I think.
Kanon: You're so smart, Misaki-chan! I never would've worked it out...
Kokoro: And then when the triangle revolution happens... See! ... Mon mon, yay~!
Kanon: Triangle? Revolution? Mon mon? Ugh... my head...
Misaki: Ahh, don't stress yourself out, Kanon-san. I'll find a way to handle the rest!
Misaki: (I want my classmates to hear our new song. We have to get this done...!)
Misaki: ... You can do better than this, Kokoro. Keep going!
Kokoro: Of course! The next is happy, happy! Hmm~♪ World! ... Hm-hm! ... Let's go... mon mon!
(Black cut)
Misaki: I've got it! So basically it's... Happy, happy, happy world! Let's go, mon mon!
Kokoro: That's right! You're great, Misaki! This song is going to be nothing but wonderful!
Kanon: F-fufu...! ... Misaki-chan... Fufufu...
Misaki: Ah...! I just got so into it I...
Misaki: ... I'm gonna take a break!
Kokoro: Already? I still have so many things I want to write down!
Kokoro: I'm going to write some lyrics that make the world smile even more!
Misaki: Kokoro, you have way too much energy... Let me take a break. I need some time to get my head around things.
Kokoro: Oh. In that case, I'll practice that last phrase we wrote! Happy, happy, happy world! Let's go... mon mon!
Misaki: Hey, could you not say that right now...!
Kanon: A-ahaha~.


<They Seem like Good Friends>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: Oh! {{userName}}!
Kokoro: What a surprise to see you here! I feel like something fun is going to happen today!
Kokoro: Me...? I'm on my way home from school.
Kokoro: I was just walking with my classmates. Recently, they often come up and talk to me.
Kokoro: It's so much fun talking to people that I'd never really spoken to before!
Kokoro: School is full of so many fun things. There's lots of fun, smiley people like Kasumi and Eve too!
Kokoro: Other fun things? Hmm... outside of school, it's the band! Kanon, Hagumi, Kaoru, Michelle, and Misaki. I always smile when I'm with them!
Kokoro: I guess it's what they call the magic power of a band? I'm not sure what it is, but I like it!
Kokoro: Kanon and the others don't just play music, they always think about ways to put smiles on peoples' faces!
Kokoro: Michelle only comes to rehearsals occasionally, but I'm sure she is always watching.
Kokoro: And we always have Misaki when Michelle can't be there.
Kokoro: Oh, that reminds me. The classmates I was just talking to came to see our performance the other day!
Kokoro: I was so happy that lots of different people came to see us!
Kokoro: My classmates said they like our band now after hearing us play!
Kokoro: And not only our classmates, but all the other people who came to see us had big smiles on their faces too!
Kokoro: If we helped people remember to smile again, then that's great too!
Kokoro: Spreading smiles, I guess? I think it's wonderful!
Kokoro: The performance the other day was actually Misaki's idea.
Kokoro: Misaki always supports Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: She usually does more stuff about organizing our ideas, instead of actually coming up with them.
Kokoro: But Misaki had a serious look on her face and said she wanted to perform. Did something happen?
Kokoro: When I heard her say it, I thought it was a really good thing! Don't you agree?
Kokoro: Misaki said she wanted to do it. There's no reason to say no.
Kokoro: And besides, if we said no, Misaki might stop smiling. We can't have that.
Kokoro: That's why we decided to have a performance. We also came up with a new song too.
Kokoro: At first, we were thinking of writing Kaoru's fleeting theme song, but Misaki said there was something she wanted to tell to her classmates.
Kokoro: After hearing that, we decided to make that our song!
Kokoro: The thing she wanted to tell them was... that there's many ways to think! In other words, it's a song that makes people smile!
Kokoro: We played it during our performance and it was great!
Kokoro: The audience smiled happily!
Kokoro: Which means we have to thank Misaki for saying she wanted us to perform.
Kokoro: And not just for that either. Misaki always organizes where we play next.
Kokoro: Negotiating and things like that are difficult for me. Misaki always takes the lead and does those things for us.
Kokoro: There's still more. Misaki always makes sure to let Michelle know what we're doing too!
Kokoro: She always works hard behind the scenes for us.
Kokoro: In the beginning, I thought she was just Michelle's friend, but it's different now!
Kokoro: Misaki is Misaki, and she's important to Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: Anyway, there's something I've always wondered about. Misaki and Michelle sound really similar... don't you think?
Kokoro: Right? They also say the same thing sometimes... "In moderation," I think...?
Kokoro: Michelle knows things that we told Misaki, and Misaki knows about what happens on stage... I wonder why that is.
Kokoro: It's almost like they are connected... Even though they have such different shapes!
Kokoro: Oh...! Could it be that...!
Kokoro: They're really good friends?!
Kokoro: I thought Misaki was good friends with Kanon, but she must be good friends with Michelle too!
Kokoro: As a member of the band, I'm happy they are close!
Kokoro: Oh, I was only planning on having a quick chat, but I end up talking about all the fun things that happened.
Kokoro: When you asked me about the fun things, I remember everything that made me smile!
Kokoro: Listening to this is fun for you too? That's wonderful!
Kokoro: Oh, I know! Let's go search for something that's even more fun! Right now, course!
Kokoro: Okay, come on! Let's go!
