284_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 Poppin' & After

<Michelle Cookies>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Living Room]

Kokoro: Lisa! These cookies you baked are super~ duper yummy!
Lisa: Really? That's good! I was nervous, considering how unfamiliar I was with the kitchen.
Lisa: It's really fancy, and it has a bunch of utensils and appliances I've never seen...
Lisa: I'm glad they come out okay. You taught me your lyric-writing method. I wouldn't want my token of appreciation to be a failure☆
Misaki: You made them so quickly and easily... But you were nervous?
Lisa: I'm telling you, with a kitchen like that, you'd get nervous! Thanks for letting me use it, Kokoro♪
Kokoro: I'm the one who should be thankful! For making me such yummy cookies!
Kokoro: You're amazing, Lisa! A cookie-making genius!
Lisa: N-no way~. That's taking it too far~!
Kokoro: It's too bad Kasumi and Arisa already left. They didn't get a chance to try these!
Misaki: Can't really do anything about that. They had practice to get to.
Kokoro: Misaki, don't be afraid to stuff your face! Look, the cookies are looking at you like they want to be eaten.
Misaki: Ah... Alright. I'll have one then... Mhm, these are pretty good. These might be the crispiest cookies I've ever had...
Kokoro: Right?! They're out of this world!
Misaki: Kokoro, why do you seem pleased with yourself?
Misaki: Lisa, you're a pretty good baker. Do you do it often?
Lisa: I wouldn't say that, but I do make treats sometimes to bring to Roselia rehearsal☆
Lisa: I don't know... if I'm necessarily a good baker, but the other band members enjoy eating them, and because of that, I have been doing it a lot more often.
Lisa: Maybe because of that, I've been getting better and better.
Misaki: I see. So the stoic members of Roselia can't get enough of Lisa-san's cookies, huh?
Lisa: Ahaha, no way~!
Kokoro: Your band eats cookies together?! That's great!
Kokoro: Misaki! Let's make Michelle cookies!!
Misaki: Again, with the best of ideas...
Lisa: Michelle is... that bear? Right? Wah~, those would be so adorable!
Kokoro: Of course! They'd be colorful and cute just like the real thing!!
Kokoro: We'll give you some when we finish them too! You can look forward to it!
Misaki: ... But Kokoro... Do you know how to make cookies?
Kokoro: I've never made any! What are cookies even made of in the first place?
Lisa: What?! You don't know that either?!
Misaki: Sigh... I knew it... Let me guess—you've never baked treats before?
Kokoro: Nope, not even once! That's why we'll learn now!
Lisa: Well, I guess cookies are relatively simple to make...
Kokoro: I know! Since Lisa is here, why don't we ask her?! Lisa, what do we have to do to make a cookie?
Lisa: Huh?! F-first you decide on a shape... You make the dough, you cut the shape out, and then you bake them! That's all!
Kokoro: Oh? So it's not that hard! But will they become colorful Michelles just by doing that?
Lisa: If you wanna make them colorful, you'll need icing~. There's a trick to getting it right, but it's really fun~♪
Kokoro: Amazing! Lisa, you know everything!
Lisa: Ahaha, no I don't~.
Kokoro: I want to make Michelle cookies so big, they might even reach this ceiling!
Lisa: Fufu, that'd be great☆ Alright, why don't we get everyone together and make cookies next time♪


<What Lyrics Made Me Realize!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Kokoro: Looks like Kaoru and Hagumi aren't here yet! Yay! I'm first!
Kokoro: ... Oh? Morning, {{userName}}-san!
Kokoro: I was just having a race with Hagumi and the others to see who could make it to the studio the fastest!
Kokoro: After I woke up, I got a message from Hagumi. I run here in a hurry, and I was number one!
Kokoro: Lalaaa~♪ Message, out of the blue~♪ Blue sea, I cross it too~♪ And I take all my feelings and stuff them into an empty bottle!
Kokoro: Just now? I was just singing whatever came to mind!
Kokoro: And guess what! Misaki will take it, and make it into lyrics! She takes my words and makes them even more wonderful! Isn't that amazing?
Kokoro: You're making such a surprised face! Like the one Lisa made that one time!
Kokoro: Yep! The other day, Lisa came over to my house! It seems she wanted to know how we write our lyrics!
Kokoro: We told her about how Misaki, Kanon and I all help to make the songs for Hello, Happy World! And it blew her mind!
Kokoro: Speaking of that, Kasumi was there with us too, but she said how she writes her lyrics is totally different!
Kokoro: Also, Lisa said that Ran, Yukina and the rest of us all have different ways of doing it! Isn't that wonderful?! Everyone does it their own way!
Kokoro: ... Maybe that's why songs throughout the world are so different...
Kokoro: Now what?! I just realized something incredible! If you change the person writing the lyrics, you get a different type of song!!
Kokoro: Now I want Kaoru and Hagumi to write song lyrics too! It'd be really exciting to see what they come up with!
Kokoro: Ah, looks like someone else is here! I'm sure it's a Hello, Happy World member!
Kokoro: Whoever it is, I'm gonna tell them about my idea!
Kokoro: Okay, I have to get to practice! I can't wait to share what we just talked about with everyone!
