300_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 I'm a Penguin Too!

<First Time on the Train>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara)

[Station]

Kokoro: This is a station, right?!
Kanon: M-mhm... So this really is your first time at a station, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Yep. I've never ridden a train before!
Kanon: Ahaha... That's kind of hard to believe...
Kokoro: Really? Are you saying that trains are that popular?
Kanon: Hmmm, I'm not sure if I'd put it that way...
Kokoro: Kanon! Let's get on a train already!
Kanon: Ah, hold on. Before you get on the train, you have to pass through one of these gates.
Kokoro: So I just have to get past this, right? Alright, then I'm gonna try to jump over it!
Kanon: K-Kokoro-chan, not like that!
Kanon: To pass through the gate, you have to buy a ticket or tap your card.
Kokoro: Amazing! Kanon, it's like you know everything!
Kanon: N-not really... I think that you might be a special case...
Kanon: So, Kokoro-chan. I have a card like this one... You don't have one, do you...?
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, the suit people gave me something, and I think it might just be one of those cards!
Kanon: C-could you show me?
Kokoro: Of course! Here you go, Kanon! It's this!
Kanon: Uhm... I think this will be okay. If you tap the ticket machine with this, you should be able to get on the train.
Kokoro: Got it. I'll be able to ride trains too, right?! What a wonderful day!
Kanon: W-wow, you're so happy about this...
Kokoro: Alright, Kanon! Let's get to it! Mind showing me how it's done?
Kanon: I don't think there's much to be "done," but... you just take your card and tap it on this part of the machine.
Kanon: I'm going to do it now, so make sure you're looking.
Kanon: You put your card like this...
Kanon: ... See? And now that I've passed through the gate, all I have to do is get on the train.
Kokoro: You're like a sorceress! All you did was put your card there and the gates flew open!
Kanon: Th-that is how the machine works...
Kanon: Okay now, Kokoro-chan. Can you try to do it like I did?
Kokoro: It's finally my turn! I'm gonna do it just like you!
Kanon: It's the circle part of the machine. You just have to tap your card there.
Kokoro: Gotcha, Kanon! ... Yah!
Kokoro: Look, look! Whoa! The gates opened!
Kanon: Congratulations, Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: Hm? Kanon, could you look at this? Something appeared on this screen-looking thing!
Kanon: Ah, that tells you how much money is left on your card. So if you wanna know, you just look here, and-
Kanon: ... Wait, what?!
Kokoro: Kanon! Hurry, let's get on a train! Where do we go next?
Kanon: The screen says... "Tsurumaki" on it...
Kanon: (I-is that really... possible?)


<Make the Animals Smile>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Kokoro: Hello there, little kitty! Whatcha doin', daydreaming in a place like this?
Kokoro: ... Wow, what a big yawn! Are you bored?
Kokoro: Alright, then I'll tell you about something fun! Tell me your favorite kind of story, please!
Kokoro: Ah, if it isn't {{userName}}!
Kokoro: Are you here to talk with this little one by any chance?
Kokoro: Who's "this little one"? This little one! Obviously, I'm talking about this kitty that's spacing out over here!
Kokoro: I thought I would make it smile, so I started talking to it!
Kokoro: ... Why am I doing this? I'll tell you why!
Kokoro: The other day, Kanon made a penguin smile!
Kokoro: Isn't that amazing? Think about it! She made an animal smile!
Kokoro: That's why I thought I'd make animals smile too!
Kokoro: Don't you think it'd be great if we could put smiles on not only human faces, but animal faces too?
Kokoro: Going forward, Hello, Happy World! will aim to make all living creatures smile! I'm happy that Kanon helped us come up with this new goal!
Kokoro: Fufu, so you'll be giving your support too, right?! Thanks!
Kokoro: Alright! First, to make this little kitty smile!
Kokoro: ... Huh? It's gone... Before I could put a smile on its face. I wonder where it went.
Kokoro: ... Hm? It took off while we were talking?
Kokoro: Making friends with animals like Kanon is pretty hard...
Kokoro: But I just started, so I'm not gonna give up.
Kokoro: Okay, instead of that kitty... Ah! There's an ant over here! I'm gonna make you smile!
