302_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 New Year's is Full of Fun

Gacha phrase: We'll fly kites so you can smile too!

<Going on an Adventure!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Ako: I never imagined we'd run into you guys on New Years day~!
Kokoro: Yeah! I was surprised too!
Ako: Let's make this a fun year~!
Kokoro: Of course~! Okay, then let's go find something fun to do!
Ako: Nice~! Rin-rin, come search with us!
Rinko: U-uh... umm....
Ako: Oh, that's right! You haven't really talked to Rin-rin before, have you Kokoro?
Kokoro: I haven't! I want us to become good friends, Rinko!
Rinko: S-sure... me too...
Misaki: (Rinko-senpai is clearly getting overwhelmed by Kokoro...)
Kokoro: You two are really close, aren't you? What kind of things do you usually do together?
Ako: Heh heh heh, Rin-rin and I always go on adventures!
Kokoro: Adventures?! That sounds really exciting! I want to go too!
Ako: Really?! I can't wait for have an extra party member!
Misaki: Umm... I'm pretty sure this is a different kind of adventure to what you're imagining, Kokoro...
Kokoro: Really? But I want to hear more about it!
Ako: Of course! Just the other day, the two of us slayed a monster~!
Kokoro: I've never seen a monster before!  Where can I go to see them?
Ako: The place we went last time was some ancient ruins I think!
Kokoro: I'm so envious that you've been to a place like that before!
Ako: Yeah! There was lots of traps in there! Rin-rin and I even had to run away from a rolling boulder~!
Kokoro: What a dangerous place! The two of you didn't get hurt?
Ako: Nope! We go through it without taking any damage~! And then, when we got to the deepest part of the ruins...
Kokoro: You found the monster!
Ako: That's right~! It was like, really strong too! It was a dragon... something!
Kokoro: You've met a dragon before too!
Ako: Yeah, we've fought lots of dragon-type monsters before!
Kokoro: Wow! That's amazing!
Ako: But this one was really strong, so we took tons of damage fighting against it~.
Ako: Well, it was okay in the end since we had stacks of healing potions.
Kokoro: I didn't know such a thing existed! Where do you buy them?!
Ako: Huh? You can get them at any old item shop!
Kokoro: I see! I'll have to go find some next time!
Ako: So anyway, we were in a bit of a pinch, but then Rin-rin cast her most powerful lightning bolt spell and took it down~!
Ako: You were so on top of things, Rin-rin~!
Rinko: Th-that's not true... It only worked... because of your support...
Kokoro: Rinko! You can use magic? That's amazing!
Ako: That's right! Rin-rin is a mage, after all!
Kokoro: I see! I never imagined that there might be a mage so close by!
Kokoro: ... Oh! Rinko, could you show me your magic?
Rinko: U-umm... I can't do it here... I have to be at home...
Kokoro: Oh, of course! You might hit someone with it here!
Misaki: That's not what she meant... I swear that's not what she meant...
Kokoro: What other magic can you use? I want to know all about it!
Ako: Umm... Oh! Rin-rin can make stars rain from the sky, or summon a whirlwind of fire!
Kokoro: Wow, that's incredible! Can you do it right now?
Ako: She just said she can't~!
Kokoro: Oh, that's right! That'd be even more dangerous!
Kokoro: Your adventures are amazing! I want to hear more about them, Ako!
Ako: Well...
Rinko: U-um... Okusawa-san...
Misaki: Rinko-senpai... You realized, didn't you...?
Rinko: I-is it possible that... Tsurumaki-san... doesn't realize that it's a game...?
Misaki: Yeah... I'm positive she has no idea whatsoever...
Rinko: I-I thought so...
Rinko: Sh-should we... explain it to her...?
Misaki: I doubt she's get it even if you tried. Besides, she seems to be enjoying herself, so it should be okay...
Kokoro: What are you two talking about?! Did you just see her magic?! Show me too!


<Homemade Omikuji>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Cafe]

Kokoro: Happy New Year, {{userName}}, Marina! Let's make this a happy year!
Marina: Happy New Year to you too, Kokoro-chan.
Marina: How did you spend your New Year, Kokoro-chan? A trip overseas or something like that?
Kokoro: Nope! This time I went to a shrine without making any stops in other countries!
Marina: Ohh, who did you go with? The other girls from the band?
Kokoro: I went with Misaki!
Kokoro: I wanted everyone to go together, but none of our plans matched!
Kokoro: So many people go to a shrine on New Years day, don't they? It was so exciting!
Kokoro: We ran into some of the girls from other bands too! Ako, Rinko, Maya, and Eve were there so we went in together!
Kokoro: By the way, have you two ever drawn a fortune slip before? I did it for the first time this year!
Kokoro: The result of my fortune slip? I got a great fortune!
Kokoro: Everyone said it was the best one to get!
Kokoro: Eve got great misfortune. Everyone was worried for her because apparently, it's not very good.
Kokoro: But there wasn't anything to worry about. Lot's of things happened around Eve, so being with her was really fun!
Kokoro: Whether it's great fortune or misfortune, exciting things can happen! Fortune slips are wonderful!
Marina: It's quite like you to say that, Kokoro-chan. Mind you, I think you're right. It all boils down to how you look at it when it comes to fortune slips.
Kokoro: So because all these things made me think that fortune slips are really wonderful, I decided to make some of my own!
Marina: You made some yourself, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: That's right! {{userName}}, Marina, draw one!
Marina: Fufufu, after hearing everything you told me, I feel like I'm going to draw great misfortune~...
Kokoro: You're so clever! All of my fortune slips are great misfortunes!
Kokoro: I mean, great misfortune makes so many fun things happen!
Kokoro: I want looots of exciting things to happen to everyone I know! Quick, draw one!
Kokoro: See, you got a great misfortune! I'm sure something exciting will happen now! Read what it says!
Marina: Let's see... "You can ride an elephant or a giraffe at the zoo" ...?
Marina: Fufu, there's even a picture to go with it. What does yours say, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: You will be able to eat lots of delicious food. Lucky you, {{userName}}-san!
Kokoro: The two of you look so happy! I'm glad the fortune slips are already having an effect!
Kokoro: I knew great misfortune would put a smile on your face! I have to go share my fortune slips with everyone else!
