348_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 The Magic of Smiles

<Magician of Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki - Residence]

Kokoro: Alrighty, time to begin the decide-on-our-new-costumes meeting!
Misaki: ... No one's here but me and you, Kokoro. What can you really do, though? It's not like this was planned or anything...
Kokoro: The others said they would come once they're free. We're gonna think of ideas before they get here!
Misaki: I guess it's fine for just us two to be here if that's all we're doing. Then we can decide as a group later.
Kokoro: Yeah, you took the words right out of my mouth! Now, let's get those ideas flowing already!
Misaki: And with so little time to think... Are you trying to tell me that you already have a type of outfit you want us to wear?
Kokoro: Yep, I'd like something fun!
Misaki: ... I don't mean something abstract. I was asking about an actual idea, something with details... Wait, this is Kokoro I'm dealing with. Why do I even bother...?
Misaki: Alright, Kokoro, why don't you tell me what you think is fun? We can narrow it down from there.
Kokoro: Hm? We don't need to know what I find fun. We need to know what we all think is fun.
Kokoro: Something that will make everyone smile... That kind of fun! So, Misaki, I need you to tell me every single thing that comes to mind for you. And I'll tell you what I think.
Misaki: I'm not sure I can answer when you put me on the spot like this... Hmm~, I can't really come up with anything.
Misaki: Hey, uhm, not that I think this will help me, but what do you find fun, Kokoro?
Kokoro: I like taking a nap while the sun shines on me. I like drawing pictures while I eat sweets. That's the kind of stuff I find fun!
Misaki: That's surprisingly tame... I mean, that could be fun too, but... those would be pretty hard to make into outfits. I think we'd be better off with something simpler.
Misaki: You know, like amusement parks, festivals. Wouldn't it be easier to come up with a design if the image we use is something more obvious?
Kokoro: Amusement parks...?! Festivals...?! Great, that sounds fun!
Misaki: No, those were just examples. Is there anything else?
Kokoro: There are lots! Like magic. Just watching it gets your heart racing, doesn't it?
Kokoro: That's it! Magic! We can become magicians and cast a spell on everyone to make them smile forever!
Misaki: (No we can't because magicians don't actually use magic. It's just a show.)
Kokoro: Wonderful! If we all did magic, I'm sure we could make the entire world smile.
Kokoro: We were able to make all those kids at the hospital smile, right? So if we did some of that magic and did a musical performance in front of even more people, there'd be lots and lots of smiles!
Misaki: No one would know whether we're actually a band or a group of magicians.
Kokoro: Anything is fine! As long as we can make the world smile.
Kokoro: Let's do something even more amazing this time! How about we make Michelle levitate? That'd be fun!
Misaki: Yeah, if you're just watching...!
Kokoro: I'm sure Michelle would wanna do it! Think about it! You get to fly! How could that not be fun?!
Misaki: Uhm, alright. Then why don't you do the flying...?
Kokoro: You know, that might not be a bad idea! Okey-dokey, let's make our new outfits magic themed!
Misaki: What?! Just like that?!
Kokoro: Yeah! Magic is fun, after all! That means the outfits will be too.
Misaki: Wait wait wait... Fine, I'll admit that it's fun. But you're jumping the gun here. We have to hear what everyone else thinks first.
Kokoro: But of course. There'd be no point if the others didn't think it was fun too.
Kokoro: I'm pretty sure Kaoru, Hagumi and Kanon are going to agree though! Remember when we did magic the last time? Everyone looked like they were having a blast!
Misaki: (That's 'cause the suits did a whole lot of heavy lifting...)
Misaki: (If we end up with magical outfits, they're gonna have their work cut out for them, yet again.)
Misaki: (While I feel for them though... it's not a bad idea, to be honest. It's way easier to understand than some other off-the-wall theme.)
Kokoro: So, Misaki? Magic outfits. What do you think?
Misaki: I think it sounds alright. It's pretty easy to picture, too.
Kokoro: Great! Oh, we need to hear Michelle's opinion too. I can't wait to have everyone together for our meeting!
Misaki: What? I just gave you Michelle's opinion... Whatever. That's fine.
Misaki: Excited to see how these new outfits turn out, aren't you, Kokoro?


<A Smile Called a Smile>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Hm~, hmhmm~. Hm~, hmhmm~. Hmm~, today we had yet another fun performance!
Marina: Ah, Kokoro-chan. Great job out there. That was an amazing show! Especially the magic part!
Kokoro: Oh, you two were watching too, then! I practiced my magic a whole bunch for today, so I'm glad you came to see it.
Marina: It was even better than some professionals! Even {{userName}}-san's eyes were glued to the stage.
Kokoro: Was there a moment that was your favorite?
Marina: I'd like to just say every moment, but if I had to choose, I'd go with the one that used the giant cards. That one was fun to watch.
Kokoro: Misaki was actually the one who came up with that one. You know how card tricks have to be done by hand? That means the people behind you can't see, right?
Kokoro: Those people are just gonna be wondering what you're doing, and that's no fun.
Kokoro: So she said we can use big cards, and then everyone in the venue would be able to see it, and that means they'd all be smiling.
Marina: I see. You girls really thought this through. How come you were doing magic tricks though? Does that have something to do with the outfits you were wearing today?
Kokoro: Our new outfits are magic themed!
Kokoro: We'll all become magicians and cast a spell on everyone who watches us, so that they'll always be smiling.
Kokoro: I think lots of things are completely wasted when they don't come with a smile!
Kokoro: Think about it! A greeting with a smile and a greeting without a smile is kinda different, right?
Kokoro: If you're smiling, the next person can smile. If they're smiling, then it's the other way around. That's what I believe.
Kokoro: And so we put one on our faces, and we cast a spell that will do the same for everyone else. Then all the people around us will be smiling, and it'll spread, faster and faster, right?
Kokoro: That's why we have to become magicians! That's how we can use the make-people-smile spell!
Marina: That sounds like a Kokoro-chan way of looking at things. And we just naturally ended up smiling while we were watching. It could be that we're already under your control.
Kokoro: I bet! Just look! You and you! Both of you have had an absolutely wonderful smile on your face the whole time!
Kokoro: I'm gonna go cast some more magic spells so that the smiles won't wear off!
