400_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 Here We Go, Guys!

<An Extravagant Celebration?>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Luxury Hotel - Lounge]

Kokoro: That concert we had was a big success! And the suit people prepared a party for us to celebrate today! Let's have some fun!
Kaoru: I see. I'd say this venue certainly is appropriate as a place for us to celebrate.
Hagumi: I can't believe we get to have a party somewhere so amazing! Aren't you glad we worked so hard, Mii-kun?!
Misaki: No no, this isn't normal. No matter how hard we work, we shouldn't be able to party in a place like this. It's not like we're some international stars of something...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan really does things on another level... She was saying that the whole place is reserved for just the five of us...
Misaki: It's pretty unsettling to think we're the only ones around with all this space.
Kokoro: You guys, you can order whatever you want! The cook said they'll make anything!
Hagumi: Okay, I'll have croquettes!
Misaki: St-stop! You're really gonna get croquettes here? Can't you get as many as you want on a normal day?
Hagumi: But I really love croquettes!
Misaki: At least look at the menu.
Kanon: Yeah. They say they'll make anything, but it has to be hard to make something that's not even written there.
Kokoro: That's not true. The cooks here can make anything, no matter what it is.
Kaoru: Hm, that certainly is assuring. Chef! Could you provide me with something fleeting?
Misaki: Headaches... You're gonna give them all headaches! What the heck is fleeting supposed to mean for food?
Kokoro: Good question... Ah! I think fugashi sounds fleeting!
Kaoru: Then it shall be. I'll have one fugashi.
Misaki: Fugashi?! You want them to make that here?!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan... What should we do...?
Misaki: Uhhh... Why don't we just take a look at the menu first?
Kanon: It's this one covered in leather, right...? Ah, l-look at this, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Ngh... Is this... French? Oh man... I can't even read what it says...
Kanon: N-now what...? There's no way to tell what we should order. No hints, nothing...
Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon, are you two still thinking? Let's order already so we can get this party started.
Misaki: Y-yeah, we're trying... Wait, have you told them what you want already, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Yep! I ordered earlier! The only ones left are you and Kanon.
Kokoro: Ah! That reminds me that Michelle hasn't ordered yet either!
Hagumi: Oh yeah~! She's pretty late, isn't she? I wonder if she's actually coming...
Misaki: Uhhh~... M-Michelle said that she might come later.
Hagumi: Really?! Yay~!
Kaoru: Hagumi, your love for Michelle is quite strong. You know, this is an elusive bear we speak of. She might descend from the chandelier at this very moment.
Misaki: (Nope, nope, and nope...)
Kokoro: That means we have to order something she might like!
Hagumi: Mhm, let's do it! Oh, but what does Michelle like? Mii-kun, any idea?
Misaki: Hmm~... Not sure. Not even I know that much...
Kaoru: Michelle is a bear, is she not...? So... salmon?
Hagumi: Ah, you always have the answer, Kaoru-kun! I think you're right! We even have a table ornament in my living room of a bear with a salmon in its mouth!
Kokoro: Okay then! We'll order the salmon for Michelle!
Hagumi: I bet she'll love it. Right, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Yeah~... Sure... Why not?
Kokoro: Now, we just need Misaki and Kanon's order and we can get this party started!
Kanon: Uhhh, uhm~... Okay, I'll have this one. The first item, at the top, please!
Misaki: I'll have the same...
Misaki: ... Uhm, Kokoro. Just wanted to know... What did you order?
Kokoro: I got ramune! You know, the soda-flavored candy!
Kaoru: Oh? I hadn't realized that that's what you ordered. As wonderful of a choice as I'd expect from you, Kokoro.
Hagumi: Ramune? Awesome! Can I have one too?!
Kokoro: Of course! Let's all have some!
Misaki: Seriously... Croquettes, fugashi, ramune... and salmon...
Misaki: ... Is there really a reason we needed to come to this hotel?
Kokoro: Everyone's ordered their food now! Time to start the celebration party!


<Kokoro's Look-Alike>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Kokoro: Ah! If it isn't {{userName}}!
Kokoro: You have such great timing! There was something I wanted to ask you!
Kokoro: Have you seen anyone that reminds you of me, by any chance?
Kokoro: Yep! Someone who looks like me. Like a clone!
Kokoro: I'm right in the middle of looking for someone who fits that description!
Kokoro: And I thought since they look like me, they would obviously be in the park! So here I am!
Kokoro: Huh? Why am I looking?
Kokoro: Well~, I heard that someone who looks exactly like Misaki came to our last show!
Kokoro: I didn't see her, but Hagumi and the others said they did!
Kokoro: After hearing that, I wanted to meet a clone of my own.
Kokoro: {{userName}}, have you ever met someone who looks like you?
Kokoro: I'm pretty sure they say that we all have a bunch of look-alikes around the world.
Kokoro: And still, I haven't met anyone who looks like me. Not once!
Kokoro: Now I really wanna meet them!
Kokoro: Yeah, of course I know what we'd do if we found each other!
Kokoro: I have the greatest plan for us.
Kokoro: This other person and I will take the stage and perform together!
Kokoro: They do look like me, right? So they must be thinking the same thing—that they want to put on a show with me!
Kokoro: Exactly right! The person who knows the most about someone who looks like me... is me!
Kokoro: Ah! Maybe I should also look for everyone else's look-alike too!
Kokoro: We've already found Misaki's, so now we need Hagumi's, Kaoru's, Kanon's and Michelle's!
Kokoro: I know if we all performed as a group, we'd put on the most wonderful show!
Kokoro: I wish we could all come together already! I'm starting to feel like I might burst from excitement!
Kokoro: Alrighty, I'll keep looking for my look-alike! You, {{userName}}, can look for Michelle's, okay?!
Kokoro: Yep! I'm sure she's out there somewhere!
Kokoro: If you ever run into someone that looks like any of us, can you let them know that I want to meet them?
Kokoro: And if I see anyone who looks like you, then I'll let them know that you want to meet them too!
Kokoro: Also, I'd love for you and your look-alike to come to a show by us and our look-alikes, okay?!
Kokoro: Alrighty then, I'm counting on you!
