423_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 I Love Fluffy Mascots!

<I Wanna Be Friends!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

[Downtown]

Kanon: The marathon's finally started...!
Kaoru: Indeed it has. Let us follow Michelle by car. We can cheer her on as she runs.
Kanon: G-good idea. Ready, Kokoro-chan? ... Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I've made up my mind! I want to join this Fluffy Mascot Competition too!
Kanon: What? Th-there's no way you can do that. You can't just join now...
Kokoro: Hm? Why not? The marathon only just started!
Kanon: This is the Fluffy Mascot Competition, so you'd need to be wearing a costume...
Kokoro: A costume? What do you mean?
Kokoro: I don't really understand, but if Michelle and Marie can compete, then so can I!
Kokoro: I want to run with Michelle, Marie, and all the other fluffy mascots and become better friends with them!
Kaoru: Yesterday's enemies become today's allies. A truly magnificent philosophy, my dear Kokoro! Ahh~... So fleeting...!
Kanon: (Kaoru-san too... Wh-what should I do...?)
Kanon: (If only Misaki-chan was here... No, I can't think that way. Right now, I'm the only one who can stop Kokoro-chan...)
Kanon: U-uhm, Kokoro-chan! This competition is-
Kaoru: ... Kokoro, while I admire such fleeting ideas, this time I must unfortunately disagree.
Kanon: ...?! K-Kaoru-san...?! Kaoru-san is... trying to stop Kokoro-chan?!
Kaoru: Through combat, our bond with our fellow man does indeed grow stronger. However, did we not promise Michelle?
Kaoru: We told her we would watch over her until the bitter end...!
Kanon: (... D-did we really say that...?)
Kokoro: ...? Did we...? Well, if you say we did, then we must have!
Kokoro: You're absolutely right, Kaoru! We have to keep our promise to our friend!
Kaoru: Ah~, these feelings of friendship, so fleeting...! Kokoro. Let us cheer on our beloved Michelle with all of our might...!
Kokoro: You got it, Kaoru! I'll just have to participate next year!
Kokoro: Mmm~! I can't wait! I'll get to see Michelle, Marie... and all sorts of fun, fluffy mascots!
Kanon: Huh?! Kokoro-chan, are you serious?
Kokoro: Of course I am! Do you want to join me, Kanon? I'm sure we'll have a great time!
Kaoru: This is no time to chat amongst ourselves. We must depart quickly.
Kaoru: Look yonder. Michelle and Marie have already pulled so far ahead. We must hurry, lest we lose them.
Kanon: Y-you're right...! We have to get going...!
Kokoro: Okay! Everyone, into the car!
Kaoru: Ah~! Let us fly... to our beloved Michelle's side!
Kanon: Y-yeah...
Kanon: (Kokoro-chan looks like she's having fun. She really wants to make friends with all the mascots...)
Kanon: (S-still... I know she's Kokoro, but... she can't possibly participate in this competition... Can she?)
Kokoro: Kanon~? What's taking so long~?
Kaoru: Quickly, my little kitten. Our chariot awaits.
Kanon: F-fue... W-wait for me~...!


<Where Fluffy Mascots Live>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Hmm~, hmhmhmm~♪ What kind of excitement will today bring?
Kokoro: Hm? If it isn't {{userName}}!
Kokoro: You were out running errands, right? ... Me? I'm out here looking for something fun!
Kokoro: Hm~? What is it? You look really happy... Did you remember something fun?
Kokoro: Ah! The Fluffy Mascot Competition! That was a really great day, wasn't it?! Michelle was a huge hit! I was so happy for her!
Kokoro: However... I didn't get to put a jet engine on Michelle like I wanted to.
Kokoro: If she had jets on her back, I bet it would have been even more entertaining! There would have been so many smiles...
Kokoro: Oh well, no use thinking about it now. Besides, I need to focus on preparing for next year!
Kokoro: Hm? What's that? Are we competing again next year...? Of course we are! We had such a super time after all!
Kokoro: If we start getting ready now, then next year's competition's gotta be better than this year's.
Kokoro: And this time, we'll definitely have jet engines... No, wait. What about a rocket?
Kokoro: We'll shoot Michelle up, up, up into space! Oh~, just thinking about it makes me so excited!
Kokoro: We'll have enough fun to make up for not using the jet engines this year! You should look forward to it, {{userName}}!
Kokoro: ... Ah! There's one more thing I didn't get to do this year!
Kokoro: I didn't make friends with Marie or any of the other mascots.
Kokoro: I have so many questions for them... What do they do every day? Where do they live?
Kokoro: Once I find that out, I want to visit them. We'll play all sorts of games together!
Kokoro: I wonder if any mascots are out and about today. Guess I better go look!
Kokoro: {{userName}}! If you see any mascots, make sure to let me know! Bye~!! Ehe!
