460_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 Rendezvous of Smiles

<The Next Star>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! I've got a super-fantastic story for you today!
Misaki: Huh? Wh-where'd you come from...? We haven't even said "good morning" yet...
Kokoro: I gave a puppet show to a bunch of kids yesterday! It was a story about the adventures of a little penguin that traveled around the world! The children absolutely positively loved-
Misaki: Wh-whoa, back up for a second there! This is way too much information and energy to start the morning with!
Kokoro: Misaki, you can make dolls, right? You've made them before, haven't you?
Misaki: Are you talking about the felt ones?
Kokoro: Yeah, those thingies!
Misaki: Sure, I guess you could say I'm pretty good at it.
Kokoro: Perfect! Okay, I'll have you make the puppets then, Misaki!
Misaki: Puppets?! What do you mean?! What the heck is going on...?
Kokoro: I decided I want to give another show at the culture center! And I need you to make me some puppets!
Kokoro: I used their puppets yesterday, but if I had more puppets, I could tell even better stories!
Misaki: I suppose that makes sense...
Kokoro: And the children are really looking forward to a new story!
Misaki: (Sigh... Who could refuse after hearing that? No one wants to disappoint a bunch of kids...)
Misaki: Argh, okay, fine. I'll make some puppets for you... So what characters do you want?
Kokoro: The story has already been chosen, so you and I just have to figure out what kind of puppets we need!
Misaki: Oh~, are you doing a fairy tale or something?
Kokoro: Nope. I made it up myself. And the main character of this story is... Michelle!
Misaki: Huh...? Michelle is your main character...?
Kokoro: That's right! One day, Michelle goes for a walk in the woods, and there... she meets a witch.
Kokoro: Then, the old witch curses Michelle, and she turns into a human girl!
Misaki: ... Huh? Michelle turns into a human...?  Don't you have it backward?
Kokoro: Backward? What do you mean?
Misaki: Ah, sorry, nevermind. It's nothing. Please continue...
Kokoro: Well, in order to find a way to break the spell on her, the human Michelle leaves the forest and goes on an adventure!
Misaki: ... Wow~.
Kokoro: And at the end of her journey, she finds us, Hello, Happy World! After listening to our performance, she starts smiling!
Kokoro: And that smile breaks the witch's curse, turning the human Michelle back into a bear!
Kokoro: What do you think? Isn't it a great story?!
Misaki: I'd say it's more ironic than anything else...
Kokoro: So for puppets, we'll need Michelle and the witch for sure. And in the middle of the story, I want to have a dragon, so we'll need that too! And then-
Misaki: Wait a second~. You just said dragon like it was nothing, but that's gonna be pretty hard, you know.
Kokoro: But anything's possible for you, Misaki! Oh, I'd also like wolves too! The whole pack is going to gang up on Michelle!
Misaki: Wow~... The whole pack, huh? So it's not just one then...
Kokoro: I'm going to the culture center next week, so we should get started right away!
Misaki: Next week?! No way, that's impossible!
Kokoro: We'll never know until we try! Come on, Misaki! We can do it!
Misaki: Sigh... I only just got to school, and I'm already drained...
Kokoro: Mmm~! We'll create all sorts of wonderful puppets and make all those children smile!


<Puppets in Concert!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Hello! Can we hold a puppet show here at CiRCLE? I really want to!
Marina: S-straight to the point as always, huh, Kokoro-chan...? Why do you want to do a puppet show?
Kokoro: I did one at the culture center the other day! Everyone loved it, so I want to do another one so even more people can see it!
Marina: Oh, so that's it! Hmm... Well, we're a live house, so I don't know...
Kokoro: Ah, then how about we make the puppet show a part of our concert?
Marina: Ahaha... You mean having a puppet show instead of an MC...? Yeah, I think that'd be okay.
Kokoro: Ah, how about this?! We could combine our concert and a puppet show to make a musical!
Kokoro: Having puppets dance around the stage while we play music would be oodles and oodles of fun!
Marina: A musical with puppets, huh...? Yeah, that would be pretty interesting.
Marina: Ah, wait. Who's going to operate the puppets? Won't you all be too busy performing?
Kokoro: You're right! Maybe I should have Misaki do it then!
Marina: Th-that'd be pretty difficult, wouldn't it? Misaki-chan's only one person after all. She can't move a large group of puppets at once.
Kokoro: Okay, then can you help us?!
Marina: Huh?! Y-you mean us?!
Marina: I've never done a puppet show before... Have you, {{userName}}-san?
Kokoro: Who cares if you've never done it before? If you start practicing now, you'll get the hang of it!
Kokoro: Alright, I'll bring our puppets to our next practice! I can't wait!
Marina: ... We don't have a choice here, do we?
Kokoro: Then it's settled! We'll work hard, and we'll make everyone smile!
