475_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R2 Race Me, Fishies!

<The Sharks are My Friends!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Studio]

Kokoro: Okay, gather around! I've brought some souvenirs for everyone!
Misaki: Oh, that's right. Kokoro and Hagumi went to the beach, didn't they? I'm guessing that's where the gifts are from.
Hagumi: Bingo! And we had a ton of fun! Okay, this one is from me~!
Kanon: Ah, cookies! And they're shaped like cute little fish.
Kaoru: Indeed. How difficult it would be to consume something so very fleeting. Thank you, Hagumi.
Kokoro: And this is from me!
Misaki: ... Okay, you've lost me with this T-shirt.  "Make like a watermelon and split"...?
Kokoro: Isn't it great?! There's more where that came from!
Misaki: "Live or die by the rind"... Th-there's nobody brave enough to wear these in public...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, what... is with these T-shirts, anyway...?
Kokoro: They were selling them at the watermelon-splitting event! What better way to commemorate our exciting trip!
Kaoru: Few things are better on a hot summer day than a delectable watermelon. Kokoro, were you the one who fell the fruit?
Kokoro: Nope, Arisa did! And she did it perfectly! Twice!
Hagumi: She sure did! I saw it myself! Oh, oh! And we played beach volleyball, went swimming...
Hagumi: Oh! Did I tell you how I swam with the cute fishies?! They were everywhere~!
Kokoro: We had hundreds of pretty pals to swim with us! I had never seen so many in one place!
Kokoro: The sea is such a wonderful place to spend a day with friends! It was a day well spent!
Kaoru: Fufu, a joyous outing, to be certain. Hearing the tale of your maritime merriment sends my heart racing.
Kokoro: It's still such a shame that we weren't able to mingle with any sharks!
Misaki: Sh-sharks?!
Kanon: K-Kokoro-chan, you... want to see a shark?! Up close?!
Kokoro: Absolutely! They seem so playful! Unfortunately, they were too shy to come out this time.
Kaoru: While the denizens of the deep possess a unique charm, sharks make for hazardous company. The notion of an injured Kokoro is...
Hagumi: I know, right?!  Kokoron was all like, "Oh hey, a fin!" And she kept swimming closer and closer!
Kokoro: It just ended up being a piece of wood in the end! Can you believe that? I thought I was gonna get to play with a shark!
Hagumi: You should be glad it wasn't one! I know I am! My body just froze up, I was so terrified!
Kokoro: There's no reason to make such a fuss, everyone! Sharks are very gentle creatures!
Kokoro: I once swam with a shark, I'll have you know! A huge one! It was very friendly, and we played around together! We became pretty close, too!
Hagumi: ... F-for real? You weren't even a little frightened?
Kokoro: Not a bit! What is there to be scared of?
Hagumi: Kokoron wouldn't just make stuff up, so I believe her! Oh boy, I wanna make some sharky friends, too!
Kokoro: How splendid, Hagumi! A playful soul such as yourself would have no problem!
Misaki: Hagumi, cool your jets, alright?!
Kanon: ... Uhm, Misaki-chan? The 'shark' that Kokoro-chan swam with... Y-you don't think it was maybe... a whale shark?
Misaki: Whale shark?
Kanon: Y-yeah, they're native to warm coastal waters and are slow, harmless swimmers. Knowing Kokoro-chan, I think she may have really been with one out near the southern islands...
Misaki: Finding one out in the wild and swimming with it is a bit far-fetched, even for Kokoro...
Misaki: Those islands you just mentioned... Is that perhaps the same Happy Happy Island we went to before?
Kokoro: Indeed, Misaki! One and the same! My shark friend lives there!
Hagumi: So what you're saying is, if we go back to Happy Happy Island, I get to hang out with sharks all day?!
Kokoro: Absolutely! Let's all go together! What do you say?!
Kaoru: Ah, an enticing proposal. Our last thrilling island adventure was a fleeting one. Nevertheless, the location would make for a magnificent and classy vacation spot as well.
Kanon: Hehe, I'd be so happy to go back again. Don't you think so, too, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Well... I guess it wouldn't be so bad, yeah. I mean, it is a rather beautiful locale.
Kokoro: Glad to hear you're all on board! Next summer can't come quickly enough!


<Yellow Watermelon Flavor>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Well, if it isn't {{userName}} and Marina! Great weather we're having on this fine day, wouldn't you say?!
Marina: Hehe, you're right! Are you out shopping today, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: Yes, I've come to buy a watermelon!
Marina: Oh, how nice! The one we had at the beach sure was tasty, wasn't it?
Kokoro: It was! And eating it with our hands somehow made it even more delicious! Who would've thought!
Kokoro: I was discussing it with Hagumi, and she told me that this area sells many interesting varieties of watermelon, so I came to see for myself!
Marina: What did she mean by 'interesting', I wonder. Like those square watermelon?
Kokoro: Hah, that does sound amusing! The one I heard about is supposedly a melon that is yellow on the inside!
Kokoro: It's hard to imagine how such a thing would taste! Have you ever had one, Marina?
Marina: No, I've never had the chance. How about you, {{userName}}-san?
Kokoro: Neither of you have! This riddle has got me all hyped up!
Kokoro: Since it's yellow, maybe it tastes sour like a lemon! Or perhaps it's banana flavored?
Marina: You've got me excited to try some, haha! Now I'm itching to unravel this fruity mystery, too!
Kokoro: ... Here's a thought! Since we have our very own judge with us, why don't we hold another contest right here and now?! Then, we can enjoy the watermelon together!
Kokoro: First, we must find a large stick! Can't split a melon without one! {{userName}}, can you help me? There must be one around here somewhere!
Marina: Wh-whoa, Kokoro-chan! Let's back up a bit! Why don't we just take it back to CiRCLE and share it without smashing it all over the pavement?
Kokoro: Why would we do that? We have a judge and a watermelon all conveniently gathered in one spot! It's perfect!!
Marina: B-but I think your fellow band members would be very happy if they were invited, too, wouldn't you say? That sounds like a much better way to enjoy such a rare fruit.
Kokoro: Hmmm... You may be on to something there, Marina!  And nobody should be denied a chance to see the yellow watermelon with their own eyes!
Kokoro: {{userName}}, Marina! Let's buy enough to share with everyone and bring the whole batch to CiRCLE!
