611_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 One-Coin Smile

<Step on the White Block>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Hagumi: Wow, amazing~! Look, everyone! The entire park is lit up in white lights!
Kaoru: For such a fleeting production to be had from a mere amusement park doused in radiant white... The miracles of light never cease to amaze.
Kanon: It's so pretty... I like the liveliness that a mix of colors can bring, but having everything blanketed in pure white like this sort of creates a magical feeling.
Misaki: When I heard that we were coming to Hanasakigawa Smile Land, I wondered what the deal was... but it all makes sense now.
Kokoro: Exactly! It is White Day, after all! I wanted to thank you all for the times you've made me smile by helping bring out smiles of your own!
Misaki: Huh? Are you saying that all these lights were set up just so you could show us this sight?
Kokoro: That's right! I simply asked the suit people, and they went right to work!
Misaki: ... I know this is what they always do, but I really do feel for them.
Kokoro: Even the owner of the park was happy to see all the patrons' smiling faces!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan is right. The customers all seem to be having a good time.
Hagumi: Of course they are! Look at how sparkly everything is!
Kaoru: It is the fleetingness of these gorgeous spectacles that captures the hearts of one and all.
Kokoro: It's not only us who are smiling. It's every single person here... This is the best!
Misaki: Well, the parkgoers do seem to be enjoying themselves, so... I guess it's alright.
Kanon: I agree. It really feels like today's trip was worth it, if only to see this.
Kokoro: There's more to our White Day than this light show!
Kokoro: There are bound to be plenty of other exciting white surprises that we haven't found yet hiding all around the park!
Kokoro: All we have to do is go and search for them together!
Hagumi: Awesome! That's a great idea, Kokoron! Exciting white surprises... Oh boy, I can't wait to see what we find!
Kaoru: Yes, I am also in favor of Kokoro's proposal. For an amusement park, a land already overflowing with excitement, to contain even more thrilling white delights... Ahhh, how fleeting~.
Misaki: Why am I not surprised...? I figured we'd get swept up in another one of Kokoro's wacky schemes.
Misaki: And since no one else has bothered to chime in, I'd like to point out that White Day isn't about celebrating things that are white.
Kokoro: But it's White Day! There's nothing wrong with the way we're planning to celebrate it!
Kokoro: The most important thing is that everyone has a smile on their face.
Misaki: I swear... She never budges...
Kanon: That's one of her best traits, though. Come on, Misaki-chan. We can all enjoy Kokoro-chan's White Day together.
Misaki: You're right. It wouldn't sit right with me if I were to rain on everyone's parade after coming all this way.
Misaki: Alright, where should we look first? It's already dark, so we don't have time to aimlessly wander about.
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Look, a merry-go-round! I spy an exciting white surprise over there!
Kaoru: White horses. How amusing. Their dignified, galloping figures are a sight to behold.
Hagumi: It's like they came straight out of a picture book with the way they sparkle from all the white lights! I say we go for a ride!
Misaki: Slow down! No running when there are other customers here!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: It's true that attractions make for amusing sport, but how do these white items tickle your fancy?
Kokoro: Steamy meat buns and warm milk! Two more white items that are sure to make people smile!
Kanon: Warm food and drinks do sound nice on a cold day... but I'm not so sure about combining those two things...
Hagumi: You won't know until you try! Yum, don't mind if I do! Om nom!
Misaki: The soppy meat juices and the milk's mild flavor make for a...  pairing that's beyond words...
Kokoro: All these flavors mixed in together feel like there's a party going on in my mouth!
Kaoru: Yes, perhaps this could be considered fun, in its own unique way...
Misaki: Fun enough to give your face a cramp, I see...
Hagumi: You don't like it? They're both pretty yummy to me~.
Kanon: Hagumi-chan, be careful... You gave yourself a bit of a milk mustache.
Hagumi: Huh?! I did?!
Kokoro: Not bad! Maybe I'd look good with one, too!
Misaki: Don't give yourself one on purpose... Here, Hagumi. Use my handkerchief.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Look, look! The blocks under our feet! There are white ones mixed in too! There was more white stuff hiding here all along!
Hagumi: Starting here, let's try stepping on only the white blocks. Who wants to play?
Kokoro: What a fun idea! Maybe we can all do it!
Misaki: Come on, we're not kids anymore...
Kaoru: Fufu, I shall use this opportunity to showcase my thespian upbringing through a demonstration of fleeting footwork.
Kanon: Here goes... Jump! Wow, this is harder than I thought.
Misaki: Wha- Kanon-san... Not you, too... Well, if you can't beat 'em... Jump! We can't be too rowdy though. Not unless we wanna annoy everyone else here~.
Kokoro: Our White Day is far from over! Keep an eye out for all those fun white surprises, everyone!


<Things that Are White>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: I'm glad you're both here! Can you help me with something?
Marina: Is something wrong, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I'm looking for something that's fun but is also white. Does anything come to mind?
Marina: Something fun and white? ... Ah, you're looking for fun things again! Hang on, let me think for a moment.
Kokoro: Feel free to join in, {{userName}}! If we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll think of something wonderful!
Marina: Something white, something white... Well, there are white animals... or white sweets... Would those work?
Kokoro: By white animals, do you mean like polar bears?! I've also heard of white tigers and white whales!
Kokoro: As for sweets, I think ones made with milk might be white! Cake topped with fresh cream also sounds lovely! What else?
Marina: U-uhhh... Other white things... White vehicles? White... uhm... White noise...?
Kokoro: You're right, airplanes and boats do come in white! Those could work!
Kokoro: Is white noise some special type of noise? It has a fun, happy sound to it!
Marina: Ah! How about white lights? Illumination events are something that children, the elderly, and people of all ages can enjoy!
Kokoro: Yes, everyone really did enjoy the white lights! But I've already done that.
Marina: You did? An illumination event?
Kokoro: Yes! A very exciting white illumination was held at Hanasakigawa Smile Land just the other day!
Kokoro: Everyone had such lovely smiles on their faces! Ako and Tsugumi's eyes were practically sparkling!
Kokoro: Even Tae and Chisato, who are normally quiet, were smiling and laughing away when they saw that glowing white scene!
Kokoro: That's why I want to think of many more things that will make everyone bubble with excitement!
Marina: Speaking of white landscapes... How about a snowy mountaintop? Skiing, snowboarding, snowball fights! All of those seem like fun activities!
Kokoro: Snowy mountains! Marina, that's terrific! Of all the places nature has to offer, those have the best white scenery of all!
Kokoro: Yeah, I can already picture it! Celebrating the next White Day on a snowy mountaintop sounds great!
Kokoro: I have to hurry and think of more and more things that can be done in the mountains!
Kokoro: Thank you, Marina! {{userName}}! Do look forward to next year's White Day!
Marina: Wait, why are you talking about White Day...? And she's already gone...
Marina: So that's what this whole white-item brainstorm was all about.
Marina: ... Wait. She seemed pretty excited about that mountain idea. She isn't... thinking of buying an actual mountain, is she?
Marina: Hahaha, no way~... Then again, this is Kokoro-chan we're talking about...
Marina: Well, I guess all we can do for now is look forward to the next White Day...
