624_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Welcome, One and All!

Gacha phrase: So I welcome things that are different! Come on in!

<All are Welcome! Part 1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato)

[Studio]

Kokoro: Hmmhmhm♪ Hmhmhmm~♪ ... There, perfect! What a fun-tastic melody!
Kasumi: Yeah, it's so sparkly! We did it! We finally have our song! Yippee~!
Kokoro & Kasumi: Yay~♪
Ran: It's too early to celebrate. We only finished one chorus. We still need the intro and interludes.
Yukina: Agreed. We also need to decide on the arrangement and lyric. What's more-
Aya: Calm down, you two. Why don't we take a short break? This is as good a place as any to stop for a while.
Kasumi: Yeah, we deserve it! We've been stuck inside this studio for hours! I'm so thirsty~.
Kokoro: Should we get drinks? I want orange juice!
Kasumi: That sounds amazing! I want something bubbly~. Like soda!
Aya: Fufu, alright, then I'll have a milk tea. What about you, Ran-chan?
Ran: Huh? Uhhh... Coffee's fine.
Yukina: Water for me.
Kokoro: You sure like water, don't you, Yukina? Where can I get the tastiest water?
Yukina: The water from that vending machine is just fine.
Ran: Water, huh...? Even your beverage of choice is stoic.
Yukina: Breaks are for rehydrating, no? That makes water the best choice. Besides, our time in the studio is limited. Going out for drinks should be the least of our concerns.
Yukina: I don't plan on taking a very long break either. We must continue to search for our ideal sound. Think of all the places we could improve this song.
Ran: That's exactly what I was going to say. I don't plan on lazing around either.
Aya: Uhm, okay, then a small break it is. I'll go get our drinks.
Kasumi: I'll come with you!
(Black cut)
Aya: Thanks for waiting... Huh?
Yukina: ... We should add a riff to the intro and interlude. If we want to leave an impression, we should surprise our audience with a technical phrase.
Ran: But that doesn't fit with the song. We should go with something simple but intense.
Yukina: ... I have no problem with a simple song. However, I refuse to make a low-effort song.
Ran: No one's saying that. But songwriting isn't just about making every single part of the song overly complicated.
Yukina & Ran: ...
Kokoro: I'm not sure what's going on, but you two are amazing! You must be super-duper stoked to make this song!
Kasumi: Kokoron, what's going on?
Kokoro: They're making music! It looks like these two would rather do that than take a break.
Kasumi: Everything was going so well. Why would they start fighting now?! What should we do, Aya-senpai?
Aya: Uhm... Calm down, you tw-
Kokoro: Kasumi, Aya, why are you trying to stop them?
Kasumi: Why...? Fighting is bad, and we need to keep writing our song.
Kokoro: But they are writing our song, aren't they? Nothing's stopped at all.
Aya: That's true, but...
Kokoro: It'd be a waste to stop them now! See, look at them.
Yukina & Ran: ...
Kasumi: That looks like the start of a fight to me...
Kokoro: Is it really though? I guess they have stopped talking. Now they're just staring at each other.
Aya: That means they're fighting~!! We have to stop-
Kokoro: Why? Neither of them are saying anything wrong. Why should we stop them if they're not making any mistakes?
Yukina & Ran: ... What...?
Kokoro: Yukina's got a wonderful idea! We should surprise everyone listening! Like a jack-in-the-box! Doesn't that sound fun?
Kokoro: I like what Ran's saying too! Something simple, but intense. Kinda like hot chocolate! A nice, sweet flavor♪
Yukina & Ran: ...
Kasumi: Ah, they stopped...
Yukina & Ran: That's not what I'm trying to say! That's not what I meant!
Yukina: Surprising our audience should be nothing like some toy. We can't just surprise them for the sake of it. There has to be some sort of emotion behind the impact!
Ran: There's nothing 'sweet' about the image I'm going for. If I had to pick one, I'd say it's more bitter!
Kokoro: Oh, am I wrong? Then please, tell me more!
Yukina & Ran: I told you... I told you!
Aya: Aaah, they're getting mad!
Kokoro: Why are you two so far away? Come on, we should be talking all together!
Aya: What should we do, Kasumi-chan...?
Kasumi: If we can't beat them... We'll just have to join them!
Kasumi: I know, I know~! I wanna do a sparkly, glittery song!
Aya: What?! Not you too, Kasumi-chan! What's gonna happen now...?


<All are Welcome! Part 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato)

[Studio]

Kokoro: Fufu... Now I get it! It's like a waterfall of fireworks, right?!
Yukina & Ran: You don't get it at all. You don't get it at all...!
Yukina: Yes, I want a shred guitar in our song, but that's nothing like the nonsense you're saying.
Kasumi: But I really like Kokoron's image! It's so sparkly and bombastic!
Ran: Sigh... That's right. You're like that too, aren't you, Kasumi...?
Kasumi: L-like what?
Ran: ... That.
Aya: Oooh... We're really all over the place now... What should I do~?!
Kokoro: Oh, you don't seem like you're having fun, Aya. You look like you forgot your umbrella on a rainy day. What's wrong? It's sunny outside, you know.
Aya: I'm not sad because I forgot my umbrella, I just don't know how to enter this conversation...
Kokoro: That's easy! All you have to do is say what's on your mind.
Kokoro: You already have your own stupend-erific song inside of you, right? Then just tell me what it sounds like! It's fun!
Kasumi: She's right. I was nervous at first, but now that I'm just saying what's on my mind, I'm starting to enjoy it!
Aya: My own song, huh...? But if my version is different, we're just going to get more confused.
Aya: Then it'll be even harder to bring our ideas together. Besides, I don't know if what I say is going to make sense.
Kokoro: It doesn't have to! We just need to know what you're thinking!
Kokoro: If we don't include your ideas, we can't call this our song, right?
Kokoro: We need you, Aya. Without you, 'we' can't be 'us'!
Ran: There she goes again, saying stuff that barely makes sense... Still, she's right.
Ran: Tell us what's on your mind, Aya-san. This is a song the five of us are writing together for the five bands. And as you can see, we're kind of at a loss without you.
Aya: Ran-chan... But it really will be completely different from what you guys are saying. Is that alright?
Kokoro: You're so funny, Aya. Of course it's going to be different!  That's what makes it so much fun!
Aya: Really?
Kokoro: Yup. Everyone loves having fun, but everyone's also got a different idea of what fun is, right?
Kokoro: So that means when we're all together, We all get to discover brand new ways to have fun!
Kokoro: So I welcome things that are different! As long as it makes people happy, then the more the merrier! Come on in!
Yukina: ... "Come on in," huh...? How very like you, Tsurumaki-san.
Yukina: ... She's right. Just like you have all listened to me, I... We must listen to you, Maruyama-san. Go ahead.
Ran: That being said, we haven't done much besides fighting, have we?
Yukina: Isn't that just our way of writing music?
Kasumi: Oho~, you two really are rockstars!
Kokoro: Ah, so that's what rockstars are like! I had no idea!
Yukina: ... Alright, Maruyama-san. Let us begin.
Aya: Fufu... Thanks guys! Sorry if I made you worry.
Aya: Alright. I'll be sure to let my feelings be known.
Kokoro: Now there's the smile I'm looking for, Aya! Now that we're on the same track again, why don't we shout out our cheer?!
Aya: Uhm...
Yukina: I'll pass.
Kokoro: But it's fun!
Yukina: ...
Kasumi: I'll do it, Kokoron! Ready... Go!
Kokoro & Kasumi: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Yay!
Ran: Now that that's over with... Go ahead, Aya-san.
Aya: Fufu. Thanks.  Well, I was thinking...
Aya: We're making this song for the Girls Band Party event, right? We definitely need to show off each band's sound, but it's still a party. We need something to get the audience pumped up.
Aya: For example, we could add in a cheer, or have a part in the song where we sing with everyone at the event!
Kasumi: That's a great idea! We should get everyone excited to be there!
Yukina: Cheers...? Singing with the audience...?
Ran: That's definitely the kind of perspective I'd expect from an idol. Still...
Yukina: The melody would have to be simple if we want people to sing along. I can't have that.
Ran: That pop, cutesy image doesn't really fit our band. We need something intense and deep.
Aya: R-right. Of course! Our song will incorporate all of our strong points!
Kokoro: That's it! Now we're really having fun! This is how we write music! Come on in, Aya!
