749_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Rhythm of Smiles

Gacha phrase: Yay! Ta~maya~!

<The Ideal Houseboat>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Misaki, Hagumi! Good morning! The weather is lovely today!
Hagumi: Hey, it's Kokoron~! Good morning~!
Misaki: How can you two be this energetic so early in the day...? Come on, we need to get to the studio.
Hagumi: Okay~!
Kokoro: Yesterday was so much fun, wasn't it?! Spending time at the festival and writing haiku together was fantastic!
Kokoro: I love summer vacation now more than ever!
Hagumi: Me too, me too!
Hagumi: After I went home, I showed Dad the haiku I wrote, and he really loved it! He said "Nice goin', Hagumi!" Hehehe.
Kokoro: Wonderful! The haiku you wrote was very beautiful, after all!
Misaki: You guys did pretty well writing so many haiku. And here I was struggling with mine...
Kokoro: It was definitely a lot of fun! Doesn't it feel like haiku write themselves when you're just putting your excitement into words?
Misaki: It can be tough trying to remember all those rules though, like the five-seven-five pattern and the seasonal words...
Kokoro: That pleasure boat is what left the biggest impression on me!
Hagumi: I had a blast on that thing! The fireworks looked so much bigger and prettier from the river~.
Kokoro: Yes, they did!
Kokoro: As for myself, I am much more interested in the boat itself.
Misaki: In the boat...? What do you mean?
Kokoro: The one we rode had a karaoke set and yakiniku grill, remember?
Kokoro: With a little ingenuity, I imagine that many more additions could be made to the ship!
Hagumi: Wow, now there is an idea, Kokoron!
Misaki: I don't really see where this is going... What did you have in mind?
Kokoro: Let's see~... For example...
Kokoro: Oh, I know! The hull could be redesigned to resemble Michelle! The Michelle Pleasure Cruise!
Kokoro: Every part of the interior would be remodeled after Michelle! Fun to ride and look at!
Hagumi: That sounds super cute! I'd love to ride something like that!
Misaki: A giant Michelle floating along the river... Wouldn't that look like a giant otter or something? Jeez...
Kokoro: Oh my, an enormous otter-like Michelle does sound lovely, doesn't it?
Misaki: Well, it would definitely be the talk of the town.
Kokoro: As for other changes~... Yes, several tanks filled with jellyfish to help make it look like an aquarium!
Kokoro: So we could watch jellyfish swim while inside Michelle! Kanon would be sure to enjoy that!
Hagumi: While we're at it, let's set up a croquette shop too!
Hagumi: Then we could snack on croquettes while watching the jellyfish and fireworks! All those cute animals and exciting sounds... with a full tummy to boot! Now that would be awesome!
Kokoro: A floating croquette shop! What a lovely idea! We would have no shortage of customers.
Kokoro: Of course, the remodeling would not end there. And while we eat our croquettes and watch the adorable sea creatures... we can continue writing haiku!
Kokoro: What a lovely pleasure boat that would be! The haiku we write there would be amazing!
Misaki: Heh, so it all goes back to haiku, then.
Kokoro: How about you, Misaki? What would you like to see added to the boat?
Misaki: Huh? Me? Hold on, I can't come up with anything on the fly like that...
Kokoro: Okay, we can wait to discuss it with Kanon and Kaoru!
Hagumi: Sure! It would be a boat for all of us, after all. We can't make it without everyone's approval!
Kokoro: Exactly. We can come up with more ideas after practice today!
Misaki: So now our band activities have devolved into pleasure boat construction, huh? Then again... I guess it does sound kind of fun, so maybe I'll play along.
Misaki: Sigh... Alright. But you two had better give it your all during rehearsal! Got it?
Hagumi: Okay~!
Kokoro: Of course! Mmm~! This is going to be so exciting.
Kokoro: I have another idea! Hagumi, Misaki! Let's have a race to the studio!
Misaki: Huh?! What for...?
Kokoro: Here we go! Ready, set... we're off!
Hagumi: I won't lose to you~!
Misaki: Hey, wait up! Jeez... There is no stopping her...


<I Can't Wait!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Hm, hm, hm~♪ La, la, la, laaa~♪
Marina: Hello, Kokoro-chan. You seem to be in a good mood.
Kokoro: Oh, Marina and {{userName}}! Are you taking a walk as well?
Marina: We're doing a bit of shopping, but you're out on a walk, I take it. Searching for more fun things around town?
Kokoro: No, I'm on a different mission today! You see, I had a super fun time the other day... and thinking back on it makes me so happy that I have to get up and move!
Marina: So excited that you can't sit still, huh? I think I get where you're coming from.
Marina: May I ask what could have gotten you so hyped up?
Kokoro: Of course!
Kokoro: It all started with our summer vacation homework.
Kokoro: One of our assignments was to write a haiku. I knew that it was something we had to do, but we were having a little trouble.
Kokoro: Then, Kanon gave us some lovely advice! She suggested that some beautiful scenery might somehow inspire us!
Kokoro: So we decided to attend the upcoming fireworks festival!
Marina: I see. The fireworks were to help spark some ideas for the haiku.
Kokoro: Yes! But we also did other things like visit the stands and ride a pleasure boat! It was such a wonderful experience!
Marina: Wow, a pleasure boat! That sounds like a blast!
Kokoro: It was absolutely incredible!
Kokoro: The scenery took on a new perspective when viewed from a boat. Even everyday sights and sounds left a completely new impression!
Marina: Interesting~... I can see how even a little distance could shed new light on familiar things.
Kokoro: Exactly. It was all so surprising for me!
Kokoro: The fireworks seemed even bigger and more beautiful from the river!
Kokoro: I wish you could have been there to see it!
Marina: Fufu, sounds like you had a good time.
Kokoro: We did! I hope to do it all over again with the band next year!
Kokoro: Next year... Yes, of course! You two and the other bands should come along with us!
Marina: You want us to go?
Kokoro: Of course! Having everyone there to enjoy the fun will make the fireworks feel even more amazing!
Marina: A fireworks get-together... That does sound like a lively evening for sure!
Kokoro: Doesn't it?! I'm already looking forward to it! The wait is almost unbearable!
Kokoro: Mmm~! Just thinking about it has me excited!
Kokoro: Next year cannot come soon enough. This is going to be positively incredible...!
