809_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 For A Special Night

<Perfect Prep!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Riverside]

Kokoro: Only a few days until the Christmas party! I'm abso-positively bursting with excitement!
Hagumi: Me too, Kokoron! I'm checking my calendar every day before bed to see how many days are left!
Hagumi: Our practices for the new song are going great, too. Do you think Santa will like it?
Kokoro: Yes, I'm sure we'll be able to bring a smile to his face!
Hagumi: Thank goodness♪It's getting harder and harder to wait for the party. I wish it was here already!
Kokoro: Ah, Hagumi, this is terrible! We forgot something important!
Hagumi: Wh-what is it, Kokoron?! What did we forget...?!
Kokoro: We're going to have a bunch of croquettes for Santa, but what about his reindeer? How many carrots should we prepare?
Hagumi: Oh, that's right! I completely forgot! I'm sorry, reindeer!
Hagumi: Um, uh~... In the picture books, Santa gets pulled around by a whole bunch of reindeer in his sleigh, right?
Kokoro: Right! It definitely wasn't just one or two! He's got to travel all around the world, so I'm sure there must be lots of reindeer!
Hagumi: In that case, we should make sure we prepare a bunch of carrots, too!
Hagumi: Yeah, if they get hungry while delivering presents, it'll be bad for Santa and all the kids!
Kokoro: You're right! Then I'll have the suits prepare the carrots for us!
Hagumi: Don't worry about the croquettes! Daddy said he'd make a whole bunch of them for us!
Kokoro: Fantastic! Good job, Hagumi's dad!
Hagumi: Ehehe~, and he said we can eat all the leftovers that Santa can't finish!
Kokoro: That's great! Then we can eat oodles and oodles of them!
Hagumi: Yeah! Still, it's a good thing you remembered the reindeer~. Is there anything else we're forgetting?
Kokoro: I don't think so! We already wrote our letters to Santa, so I think we're all set now!
Hagumi: That's right, our letters! I wonder if they actually got to Santa~.
Hagumi: What did you write, Kokoron? I wrote, "We're having a party at Kokoron's house, so come visit!"
Hagumi: And I told him all about Hello, Happy World! and how you're all super fun. I said we should all talk a bunch at the party!
Kokoro: That’s what I wrote, too! I also drew a map to my house! Santa can't come to the party if he gets lost, right?
Hagumi: Oh, you're right! I wrote the time and place, but I forgot about a map!
Hagumi: Good job, Kokoron! Now there's no way Santa could get lost!
Kokoro: I wonder if Santa's reading our letters right now...
Hagumi: I bet he is! I wrote my name super big on mine!
Hagumi: Santa gets letters from kids all over the world, right? I bet his mailbox gets super full, so I wrote my name extra large to stand out!
Kokoro: That's amazing, Hagumi! Then there's no need to worry!
Hagumi: Santa really is amazing, huh? I mean, he's reading letters from people all over the world.
Hagumi: He must know a bunch of languages! That's so cool!
Hagumi: You know, there is one thing that I always thought was strange about Santa, though.
Kokoro: Oh, what's that?
Hagumi: Santa enters our houses through the chimney, right?
Hagumi: I don't have a chimney in my house... How does Santa get in?
Kokoro: That's obvious! It's because Santa has mysterious powers!
Kokoro: He can do anything!
Hagumi: I see! Mysterious powers, huh~? Thanks, Kokoron! That makes a lot of sense~.
Hagumi: Then the reason his reindeer can fly must be...
Kokoro: Yup, it's all thanks to Santa! With his powers, even flying is possible!
Hagumi: Right~? I think so too! Wow, Santa's powers really are amazing, huh~?
Kokoro: Fufufu, they really are! His mysterious powers are just that, mysterious!
Hagumi: Alright, let's ask Santa about his powers when he comes to the party♪
Hagumi: Now I'm looking forward to the party even more!
Kokoro: Me too, Hagumi! Let's make this the best Christmas ever!


<Looking Forward to Next Year>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: {{userName}}, hello! Are you on your way somewhere?
Kokoro: I see, you're doing an errand for Marina! I'm on my way to hang out with everyone in Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: We're going to the mall to go shopping! I wonder what sort of fun things are going to happen today! I'm so excited!
Kokoro: Oh, right! Hello, Happy World! did a Christmas party!
Kokoro: I was super-duper excited then, too! I wish you could have come.
Kokoro: Ah, I see, you were busy with work. How fantast-erific! Working on Christmas means you're just like Santa!
Kokoro: Hey, {{userName}}, have you ever met Santa?
Kokoro: Fufufu! You know, he actually came to see our Christmas concert!
Kokoro: No, I wasn't able to meet him. It looks like he just popped in for a bit during work... Which is a shame.
Kokoro: But Hagumi met him!
Kokoro: It looks like Santa couldn't figure out how to get to my house, so he got lost along the way.
Kokoro: Hagumi went to go look for him, and when she found him, she said they were able to talk about a whole bunch of stuff!
Kokoro: I wonder why Santa got lost, though.
Kokoro: I sent him a map to my house along with my letter.
Kokoro: Oh, I bet you he didn't have time to properly look at the map! That must be it!
Kokoro: Santa is awfully busy on Christmas. I guess I can't blame him.
Kokoro: Next year, I'll make sure to make oodles of time to talk with him to make up for this year!
Kokoro: He should know how to get to my house now that Hagumi's shown him.
Kokoro: I wonder what we'll talk about next year.
Kokoro: Mmm~, it's so much fun just thinking about it!
Kokoro: Yes! Of course! We're definitely going to keep doing these Christmas concerts!
Kokoro: I mean, it's Christmas, after all! Christmas is such a special day!
Kokoro: On that day, everyone smiles! Wouldn't it be great if every day was Christmas?
Kokoro: Ah. But then Santa would be so busy that he might not be able to smile anymore.
Kokoro: What about once a month? If I can see him next year, I'll have to ask!
Kokoro: Fufufu. You should look forward to our next Christmas concert! I bet you'll be able to meet Santa!
Kokoro: Of course, I hope you like our concert, too! We'll bring smiles to everyone's faces!
Kokoro: I need to talk to Misaki about next year's Christmas as quickly as possible!
Kokoro: Alrighty then, I'm going to get going! See you at CiRCLE!
