837_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Dance, Dragon!

Gacha phrase: Everything I've experienced with you all here is precious to me!

<Fun Sharing>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Kokoro: Good morning, everyone! The rays from Mister Sun feel nice again today!
Rimi: Oh, Kokoro-chan. Good morning.
Saya: Morning, Kokoro. In as good of a mood as always, I see.
Kokoro: Rimi, Saya! Perfect! I have something I wanna give you two!
Kokoro: Here you go!
Saya: These are... hair accessories?
Rimi: Wow, they're so cute!
Kokoro: I bought one for Kasumi, Tae, and Arisa as well! And they all match, of course!
Rimi: Wow, you bought one for all of us?! That's so nice of you! Thank you, Kokoro-chan.
Rimi: This seems somewhat sudden... What's the occasion?
Kokoro: The other day, Lisa, Hina, Moca, Misaki, and I went to China Town! These are the souvenirs I got for you!
Kokoro: They were having an event where you could put on traditional Chinese outfits and take photos. That's where I bought these!
Saya: Oh! Well, thank you, Kokoro. I'll be sure to take care of it.
Rimi: I will too! Ehehe... I have to let my sister know about this lovely souvenir I just received.
Kokoro: I'm happy you like it!
Saya: You know, putting on those traditional outfits and taking pictures sounds kinda like fun.
Rimi: Yeah. I wish I could have seen those pictures~.
Kokoro: You can! I have them here! Look!
Rimi: Whoa! You took this many?!
Kokoro: I wanted you guys to see them, so I brought them all with me!
Rimi: Wow~...! They're all so wonderful.
Rimi: I can tell how much fun you're all having from your smiles.
Saya: Yep. And you all look so good in your outfits.
Saya: They're all really colorful. And this one... I feel like I'm looking at a shot from a movie.
Kokoro: That one... was Hina's idea! Even the cameraman said it could be put on a poster.
Kokoro: Misaki was a big fan of that picture too. I actually think this one is pretty great as well!
Saya: Oh~? ... Wait, ahaha! What are you guys doing?!
Saya: Why is Moca doing such a weird pose? This other picture looked so normal, too!
Rimi: Fufu, yeah.
Rimi: Oh, look, Saya-chan. This accessory looks like the ones Kokoro-chan bought for us.
Kokoro: Lisa was the one who picked that one out! It goes very well with the outfit, doesn't it?
Saya: Yeah! Of course Lisa-san would have the fashion sense to make that choice.
Saya: I gotta say, you guys look like you're enjoying yourself in every single one. Maybe we should invite the rest of Poppin'Party to go sometime soon.
Rimi: I think that's a great idea! I'm sure Kasumi-chan would really like that!
Rimi: Oh, look at this one, Saya-chan. This picture is lovely too! Misaki-chan seems a little embarrassed, but her expression is nice...
Misaki: Yawn~... Morning~. Sorry to intrude.
Saya: Oh, speak of the devil.
Rimi: Good morning, Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: Morning, Misaki! Not often do you come to our classroom in the morning!
Misaki: Don't give me that. You're the one who borrowed my textbook and went home without giving it back.
Misaki: C'mon, Kokoro. I need it... Hold on, what are you all looking at?
Saya: The pictures you guys took when you went to China Town. Kokoro was showing them to Rimi-rin and me.
Saya: I'm so jealous. All of these are wonderfu-
Misaki: What?! Hey!! Kokoro! You can't just go around showing those!
Kokoro: Oh, you don't need to be so shy about it. You're very cute in all of the pictures!
Misaki: So? That's not the issue here!
Kokoro: It's not? Then what is?
Misaki: Well, it's just... I wasn't mentally prepared. You know, I gotta be ready for people to see that...!
Saya: Sure, I understand where you're coming from. It'd be nice to know beforehand. But there's nothing you can do now, we've already seen them.
Rimi: Mhm. Besides, you're so adorable in these, Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: See! You heard them! It's fine! Why don't you look at them with us?!
Misaki: ... Ugh~, fine! Whatever! Before we get to that though, give me back my textbook!
Kokoro: Look, this one is awesome. Misaki's winking at the camera!!
Misaki: H-hey, cut it out! I was not winking!!


<Smiles Spread Like This>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Marina: Oh, Kokoro-chan! Hey there.
Kokoro: Hey, it's Marina and {{userName}}! You two have come at the perfect time! Here, these are for you!
Marina: Uhhh, are these... meat buns?
Kokoro: Yep, they are! I bought them at Lisa's convenience store! You guys can have them if you want!
Marina: Fufu, I see! Well, if you insist! Thank you! ... Mmm, that's good!
Kokoro: Isn't it?! The ones we had in China Town were yummy, but the convenience-store ones are great too!
Marina: China Town? You went recently?
Kokoro: Yep! Moca, Lisa, Misaki, Hina, and I just went the other day!
Kokoro: We went on a food tour, took part in a dragon dance, and took pictures with traditional Chinese outfits!
Marina: Wow, you girls sure did a lot! I'm sure you were happy to get all of that stuff done, huh?
Kokoro: Yep, it was so much fun! The thing that made me the happiest, though, was learning about how lovely everyone is!
Marina: What do you mean?
Kokoro: Well, the whole plan started because everyone wanted to show Lisa around China Town!
Kokoro: Moca is the one that came up with the idea, but when we heard more about why she wanted to do that, it turned out...
Kokoro: She came up with that idea so that she could help Lisa have fun! Isn't that a spectacular reason?
Marina: So she wanted Lisa-chan to enjoy herself... Yeah, I would call that spectacular.
Kokoro: Right?! I was totally moved!
Kokoro: But she's not the only spectacular one.
Kokoro: Everyone knew how kind Moca was being when they heard her idea, and they did their best to help her! So they're super sweet too!
Kokoro: Everyone worked together to come up with a plan for Lisa to have the best day she could!
Marina: Fufu... I see! With all that effort going into it, I'm sure Lisa-chan had herself an amazing time!
Kokoro: Yeah, she was happy to make such a precious memory!
Kokoro: And I bet she could tell what everyone else was feeling!
Marina: Mhm! You can always tell when others are trying so hard to be kind to you! Isn't that right, {{userName}}-san?
Kokoro: So you agree! I'm happy to hear you both say that!
Kokoro: I think when we see others smile, we end up smiling too!
Kokoro: Then, our smile makes someone else smile. And that's how they spread far and wide!
Kokoro: Kinda like how you and {{userName}} showed me beautiful smiles just now!
Marina: Ahaha... It's a bit embarrassing having someone say that directly to you, but... I think that's a terrific mindset!
Marina: And we know you're trying to spread those smiles around the world. We're here to support you!
Kokoro: Marina, {{userName}}, thank you! I'm gonna keep this going and get more smiles out there!
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!
