997_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Underwater Wonderland

Gacha phrase: ... Huh? There's something shiny over there. What is it?

<Summer in Full Swing! Part 1>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro & Hagumi: Summer vacation~! Summer vacation is here~!
Kaoru: Let us have a stupendous summer together!
Misaki: Ah, yeah, yeah. You're so energetic. I'm exhausted after that long end-of-term ceremony, not to mention all the stuff I had to carry...
Kanon: It is also very hot today~.
Misaki: It's a relief we only had to be there until noon...
Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon, why do you two look so tired?
Misaki: Why? Because we are tired, Kokoro-san.
Kokoro: Oh, right! Then let's do something to get you both smiling!
Kaoru: Enjoying summer to the utmost... adorns one's face with a smile. It is but that.
Misaki: Well, I guess you're right. Summer is finally here, so we'd better have some fun with it.
Hagumi: You know, in the summer, I usually play softball, and catch bugs, and go to the pool, and eat croquettes!
Kanon: Going to a summer festival or a fireworks display might also be nice. There are lots of fun things we can do in the summer~.
Misaki: We also have lots of homework to do...
Kaoru: Misaki, you promised not to say anything so boorish.
Misaki: You say that, Kaoru-san, but aren't you the type that always leaves your homework until the last minute...?
Kokoro: Okay! In that case, let's go to Happy Happy Island!
Misaki: What do you mean, "in that case"? In what case would that idea make sense?!
Kanon: Happy Happy Island is the island in the south where your family has a villa, isn't it?
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah, where we all went on a treasure hunt! We fell down a pitfall and found a dinosaur fossil! That was fun!
Kaoru: I am in agreement with you. I predict that, on Happy Happy Island, I will encounter a fleetingness I am yet to know.
Hagumi: Me too! I wanna have a good time with everyone!
Kanon: I would like to go there again too. It's a very lovely island.
Misaki: Well, Kokoro's suggestions are always a bit out there. I'm prepared for it, though.
Misaki: So, when will we go?
Kokoro: Today!
Misaki & Kanon: Today?!
Kokoro: Yeah! It's on my mind now!
Kokoro: Let's go already, guys! Misaki, tell Michelle to come too!
Misaki: Huh?! Already...? Seriously~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: I'm telling you, this is too sudden!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happy Happy Island]

Kokoro: We're here!
Hagumi: Wow! The sea!
Kaoru: The wind caressing my hair, the glistening white sand dunes, and the sun illuminating my skin... It's as if they were all celebrating my arrival.
Misaki: Ahh, we ended up coming. Private jets are so fast...
Kanon: Yeah... But I didn't think we'd come in uniform.
Hagumi: Michelle's working, right~? That's too bad, I thought we could all hang out together~.
Kaoru: Do not fret, Hagumi. We must simply procure a souvenir that will convey our enjoyment to her.
Hagumi: Oh! Then we better have all the fun we can, or else it won't be a very good souvenir!
Kokoro: That's right! We have to have enough fun for Michelle too!
Kokoro: So, let's do this~! Here we go!
Hagumi: Ah, it's cold! Woohoo~! Yay!
Kaoru: Ahh...! I, Kaoru Seta, have water trickling down me... How breathtaking!
Kanon: Fufu, everyone sure is full of energy.
Misaki: Yeah, we haven't even changed yet and they're in the water already. Don't blame me if you catch colds- Ah!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan...!
Misaki: H-hey, Kokoro~! I'm all wet!
Kokoro: Fufu! Misaki, Kanon, come join us!
Misaki: Well, if that's the game you want to play, sure. But I don't know if you'll like it!
Misaki: You two! Come back here!
Hagumi: Ahh! Mii-kun's coming! Kokoron, run!
Kokoro: Misaki, come and get me!
Kanon: You can do it, Misaki-chan~!
Misaki: Kokoro! Hagumi! Don't run away from me!


<Summer in Full Swing! Part 2>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happy Happy Island]

Misaki: Huff... Puff... That's enough! I'm tired~!
Kaoru: We thoroughly enjoyed ourselves... and lost track of time... How fleeting... Huff... Puff...
Hagumi: Ahaha, Mii-kun and Kaoru-kun are fleeting away.
Kokoro: Hagumi! There's lots of Michelle-colored seashells over here!
Hagumi: Really?! Show me, show me!
Kanon: Kaoru-san, Misaki-chan, are you all right? Here, I got you some water.
Kaoru: Ahh, Kanon... my savior... I gratefully accept.
Misaki: Ahh~, that's better~... Sorry, Kanon-san, you must be tired too.
Kanon: No, it's fine. Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan sure do have a lot of energy~.
Misaki: Those two have unbelievable stamina...
Kokoro: Hey, Hagumi. Do you think Michelle would like this seashell?
Hagumi: I bet she would! I mean, it's so pretty. She might even break into a happy dance.
Kokoro: Well, it is a super nice shell! I'd dance along with her!
(White cut)
Kokoro: ... Huh? There's something shiny over there. What is it?
Hagumi: What's wrong, Kokoron? Is there something in the sea?
Kokoro: Hmm... Ah!
Kokoro: I'll be right back!
Hagumi: Huh? Kokoron, wait! I'll come with you!
Kanon: Ah, they both went swimming!
Misaki: They really are so carefree. But with an ocean as beautiful as this, I can see why they'd want to swim in it.
Kaoru: Fufu... During their journey, they may find the little mermaid who lives at the Palace of the Dragon King.
Misaki: I don't think that's how the story goes, Kaoru-san.
Kokoro: Everybody! We're back!
Misaki: Ah, that was unexpectedly quick.
Kanon: Welcome back, you two. How was the water?
Hagumi: It was fun! There were lots of fish!
Misaki: Ahh, you're soaking wet.
Kaoru: Did you discover the Palace of the Dragon King?
Hagumi: I don't know about that, but Kokoron found something!
Kokoro: Yeah! Look at this!
Misaki: A blue stone...? Wait, is that a gem?! It's so big!
Kanon: It is about the size of your palm... I'm no expert, but that looks a bit like a sapphire~...
Misaki: It's not just raw ore, so someone must have polished it... Huh, so did someone drop it? But who? Ugh, this is getting complicated!
Hagumi: It's pretty~! Just looking at it makes my eyes feel sparkly~!
Kaoru: Yes, it is unbelievably gorgeous... I feel as if I am going to be consumed by its transparent luminescence.
Kokoro: Fufu! I know, right? It was so beautiful, I just had to show you all.
Kanon: I was a little startled... but thank you for showing us, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: You're welcome!
Hagumi: What're you gonna do with it? Put it in your room?
Kokoro: Nope, I won't do that!
Misaki: I didn't think you would. It might be valuable enough to donate to a museum or something-
Kokoro: I'm gonna do this!
Misaki & Kanon: What?!
Kaoru: And there it goes.
Hagumi: Nice throw!
Misaki: H-hey! Why'd you throw it into the sea?! That could have been a really valuable gemstone!
Kokoro: Oh, but it might be some fishy's treasure! I'd feel bad if we just took it!
Kaoru: Heh, I see. One must not steal the treasures of the ocean. You truly are our princess.
Misaki: This isn't a fairytale, so why would a fish have treasure...?
Misaki: Well, whatever. Let's not make a big deal out of this.
Kanon: Fufu, but thanks to Kokoro-chan, we've made a good memory.
Hagumi: And we can still make many, many more, Kano-chan-senpai! After all, summer's only just begun!
Misaki: Ah, you're right about that. We only just had our end-of-term ceremony today.
Kokoro: Starting tomorrow, let's have loads of fun, play lots of shows, and have a summer full of smiles!
Kanon, Hagumi, Misaki & Kaoru: Okay! Yeah!
(White cut)
