1061_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Smile Witch

Gacha phrase: We can use the magic of smiles!

<About Witches>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kokoro: ...♪
Kanon: Ah, Kokoro-chan... What are you doing with this mountain of books?
Kokoro: Well, if it isn't Kanon! I'm glad I ran into you! Do some research with me!
Kanon: Research? What are you researching...?
Kokoro: Witches, of course!
Kokoro: I borrowed these from the library! They're all about witches!
Kanon: "Baby Witch Goes to Preschool", "The World's Happiest Apprentice Witch"...
Kanon: Oh, wow. They really are all stories about witches...!
Kokoro: Remember how we helped out at that witch's shop the other day? I've been thinking about it ever since!
Kokoro: And I thought that there might be other witches living around here!
Kanon: What?! I... I'm not too sure about that...
Kokoro: I wanna meet all kinds of witches! These books are gonna help me do that!
Kokoro: I'm gonna study all about witches and then search for them! Mmm~! I can't wait!
Kokoro: But where should I do my research...? I know, let's do it at my house! Let's go, Kanon!
Kanon: Huh?! R-right now...? Fue~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Living Room]

Misaki: Seriously... Kanon-san, in times like this, you really should just say no.
Kanon: Sorry, Misaki-chan. Kokoro-chan looked like she was having so much fun, so I just couldn't...
Kaoru: I think that's perfectly fine. We may even find a genuine witch.
Hagumi: That's right, Mi-kun! Let's work together and find some witches!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah, alright. I knew you'd say that.
Misaki: I don't mind studying up on witches, but let's do it after we finish our snacks. We don't want to get the books dirty.
Kokoro: Of course! Now, let's begin!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Hmm... There's not much written in this one.
Kanon: The same goes for this book... I guess there aren't many books that clearly outline the characteristics of witches.
Kaoru: Unfortunately, this book did not yield any new leads either. What about you, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Hmm, well~... Ah! There's lots of stuff in this book!
Kokoro: Fantastic job, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Ehehe. I'll read it out loud, okay? Ummm...
Hagumi: "Witches need magical orbs to do magic." "Witches each have their own fairy."
Hagumi: It also says that if you expose a witch for what they are, they will turn into a frog...! Look, there's even a picture!
Kanon: Huh...? This frog...
Kokoro: Oh, what a cute frog!
Kokoro: It's kind of strange, but I feel like I've seen this frog somewhere before.
Hagumi: You too, Kokoron?! I was thinking the same thing!
Hagumi: I think I've seen this squishy frog somewhere before.
Kaoru: As have I. This is quite vexing, as I cannot remember where.
Kanon: This frog... It looks just like the one on that decorative strap in the store...!
Kanon: The old woman said she made her goods to look just like the real thing... which means she...
Kokoro: Oh, Kanon, what's wrong?
Kanon: Huh? O-oh! It's nothing!
Kokoro: Are you sure? Well, if you say you're fine, then I won't push it!
Kokoro: Okay, everybody, there are still some books left! Let's find some more clues!
Kokoro: ... But where exactly did I see that frog?
Kokoro: It's such a cool-looking frog. It's a shame I can't remember.
Kanon: Ah... Ahaha... It couldn't be...


<Wherever, Whoever!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Hello~! Marina, {{userName}}!
Marina: Hi, Kokoro-chan. You seem especially bubbly today.
Kokoro: Oh, but I'm always bright and bubbly!
Kokoro: You are right, though. Something very good happened recently, so I might be a little peppier than usual!
Marina: What happened?
Kokoro: The other day, I helped out at a witch's store!
Marina: A witch...? Do you mean MAHO DO?
Marina: I heard a little about it from Misaki-chan and the others. MAHO DO sells good luck charms, right?
Kokoro: Yeah, that's right! They have so many cute items!
Kokoro: The goods are all made by the witch, but we helped out too!
Marina: Wait, you helped make them as well?
Marina: I thought good luck charms required something special... Don't you need to use magic to make them...?
Kokoro: Magic is pretty easy to get the hang of, though.
Marina: What...?!
Kokoro: You just have to make a wish while you're making them!
Kokoro: Like, "I wish for you to have lots of fun times," or "I wish for you to see beautiful starry skies"!
Kokoro: Then, somehow, the products turn into good luck charms!
Marina: I see. So for you, putting your heart into something is the same as magic?
Marina: In that case, I feel like I might be able to do magic too.
Kokoro: Oh, but you're always using magic, Marina!
Marina: Huh? I am?
Kokoro: After all, I'm always in a good mood after I talk to you.
Kokoro: So you must be using the magic of smiles, don't you think?
Marina: The magic of smiles...
Kokoro: It's a wonderful type of magic that anyone can use!
Marina: Now that you've said it so confidently, I'm starting to believe in it.
Marina: I guess I'd better use lots of that magic today too!
Kokoro: Yes! Let's use lots of magic and make the whole world smile!
Kokoro: Happiness! Happy magical♪
