1114_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Smiles Connect Us All

Gacha phrase: Until this connection goes all around the world and back again, we will connect the world with smiles!

<A Letter from Across the Sea>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro: Everyone's here, right?! Then let's start the Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Okay~! Yes.
Kokoro: What should we do today? Tell me what you guys wanna do!
Hagumi: Me first! I wanna do the Smile Patrol! We could pick up trash around the station entrance and water the flowerbeds!
Kaoru: Fufu, that does sound like it would be a riveting time. As for me... Well, how does performing in another country again sound?
Kaoru: There are droves of little kittens across the ocean, begging to have smiles spread across their faces... I would be overjoyed if we could perform again as we did at the Millenary Festival.
Kokoro: Those are some super-duper fantast-erific ideas, you two! Let's do them both!
Kanon: B-both of them?! Are we going to go overseas right now then?!
Misaki: No way. The Smile Patrol is one thing, but a concert is way too sudden. Especially an overseas one...
Misaki: Besides, I actually want to stay in Japan and relax for a while...
Kokoro: I've got an idea! We can just do the Smile Patrol in the country we're gonna perform in! I'm sure it'll be an even more exciting patrol than usual!
Misaki: Well, I guess it was just wishful thinking on my part.
Kokoro: Let's go around the world and put on a show each time we make someone smile!
Hagumi: Great idea, Kokoron! That way, we can spread smiles all around the world!
Kaoru: Fufu, so essentially... a future where the entire world is smiling is no longer such a distant dream.
Misaki: Wait, we're going to perform each time we make someone smile? We won't be able to keep up! You guys are just as wild as ever...
Kanon: Ahaha... But I feel like everything we've done up until now has been a bit exhausting...
Misaki: When you put it like that... Yeah... Even our trip to Happinelle the other day was rough...
Kokoro: Happinelle...? That's right! This morning, the suit people brought me a letter from Nicolina!
Hagumi: Huh? Really?! I wanna see it!
Kokoro: Of course! Let's all read it together!
Kokoro: Where did I- Ah, here it is! This is the letter from Nicolina!
Hagumi: Woohoo, a letter from Nico-rin! I wonder how she's doing~.
Kaoru: Surely she was unable to contain herself at the memory of my fleetingness and thus sent us this letter.
Kokoro: I wonder what she wrote. I can't wait!
Misaki: You mean you haven't read it yet, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Nope! It'd be a waste to keep a nice letter like this to myself!
Kokoro: Okay, I'm gonna open it now! Yay!
Kokoro: Wow! There are oodles and oodles of photos of Nicolina smiling inside!
Kanon: Wow, Nicolina-san looks like she's having so much fun in all of these pictures.
Misaki: Ah, there's a message here too. What does it say...?
Misaki: It says... "Thank you for everything you did during the Millenary Festival. I would like to introduce my friends, so I have enclosed some photos. Thanks to you, I am not even slightly lonely now."
Hagumi: Ah! Look, look at this photo! Nico-rin is eating croquettes with her friends!
Kaoru: These are the folks that Nicolina conversed with at the festival. Her courage resulted in a budding friendship... Ahh, how fleeting.
Kanon: In this photo... I think they're having a picnic. They're eating packed lunches in a meadow.
Misaki: I'm glad everything worked out for Nicolina-san.
Kanon: Me too!
Kokoro: Mm~, this is wonderful! Our smiles reached Nicolina!
Kokoro: And now Nicolina's smiles are reaching us!
Kokoro: When I look at these photos and this letter, I feel like the sun is shining in my chest! I can't help but smile!
Kokoro: ...! I know! Let's write a letter today to send to Nicolina!
Misaki: Ohh... That's quite an appropriate suggestion coming from you, Kokoro.
Misaki: What happened to going overseas and doing the Smile Patrol?
Kokoro: Well, I just thought it'd be a waste to keep the smiles Nicolina has given us all to ourselves.
Kokoro: So let's share them with our friends!
Kokoro: Like Poppin'Party, Roselia... and so many others!
Kokoro: We can share the smiles Nicolina sent us with our friends, and then take photos of them to send back to her!
Hagumi: Great idea, Kokoron! I'm in!
Kaoru: As am I. Let's make it a fleeting letter filled with our own unique fleetingness.
Misaki: Photos with everyone... I wonder how long that'll take...
Kanon: Do you think we'll be able to take them all today...?
Misaki: I hope so...
Misaki: Anyway, let's contact everyone before we go. We don't want to trouble anyone by turning up so suddenly...
Kokoro: Now, let's go! It's time!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Okay!
Misaki: Ah- Wait...! Listen to people when they're talking to you~!
Kanon: Fufu, should we get going too then, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Sigh. I suppose. They'd probably come up with another strange idea if we left them be...
Misaki: Kokoro, Hagumi, Kaoru-san, wait up~!


<“Special” Is Always Close By>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Alright, shall we get to work then? First, we have to clean out the front. Could you-
Kokoro: Marina, {{userName}}! Hi!
Marina: Ah, Kokoro-chan! What's up? I didn't think you had a booking for the studio today.
Kokoro: I saw you two over here, so I came to say hi! I'm hanging out with Hello, Happy World! today!
Kokoro: First, we're gonna go to the mall. Then we'll go to a big park and a restaurant!
Kokoro: I wonder what wonder-tastic things are waiting for us. Mmm~, I'm so excited!
Marina: Fufu. I'm sure anything you do will be fun if you're there, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Yeah, of course! Anything I do with Hello, Happy World! makes me smile!
Kokoro: I learned that when we went to Happinelle!
Marina: Happinelle?
Kokoro: It's Smiley Nick's country! He invited us to play at their national festival.
Marina: I see, a national festival... Huh? You played a concert in another country?!
Marina: A national festival sounds like it's... k-kind of large-scale...
Kokoro: Yeah, it was huge!
Kokoro: And get this, after the festival, I was thinking about living in Happinelle.
Marina: What? How did that happen?
Kokoro: It was because of Nicolina, a friend we made in Happinelle. She was gonna be all alone once we went back to Japan.
Kokoro: So I thought if I stayed with her, she'd be able to smile since she wouldn't be lonely.
Kokoro: But I gave up on that idea in the end. You see, I couldn't really think of fun stuff to do anymore.
Kokoro: Every time I tried to think of something fun, I'd just think of things I do with Hello, Happy World! I felt really strange deep down inside.
Kokoro: And that's when I realized it. I can't smile without them.
Marina: So you mean... you would have been lonely without the others too?
Kokoro: Hmm... I wonder if that strange feeling was loneliness. I don't really know...
Kokoro: But I've been able to think of loads of fun stuff since I came back to Japan with everyone!
Kokoro: When you're with special people like that, so many fun things happen!
Marina: Special?
Kokoro: I think fun is something that's made between people. Up until now, I thought it didn't really matter who I made it with.
Kokoro: But when you're with your special people, the fun you have is even more special. And my special people are Hello, Happy World!
Marina: Even from my perspective, I think you girls are a special group of friends. I'm glad I've had the chance to meet people like you.
Kokoro: Yeah! But everyone in the world has their own special people!
Kokoro: I'm sure they just don't realize that they're right in front of their eyes. Just like I didn't.
Kokoro: So, just like Kanon and the others did for me, I wanna help everybody in the whole world realize who their special people are!
Kokoro: It's such a waste for people to not know the source of their happiness!
Kokoro: And, of course, I'll do this with Hello, Happy World! Together with my special people, I'll make the world smile!
Marina: If it's you girls, I feel like you really will.
Marina: ... Oh, we've been talking for quite a while now. Sorry, you said you had plans to meet the others.
Kokoro: No, I had fun talking to you guys! Bye now! See you next time!
