1203_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 When You Hatch

Gacha phrase: I wonder if triceratops like to run?

<Let's Go! Dinosaur Trip!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kanon: Ah, everyone is already here. Sorry, I got a little lost...
Kaoru: It is nothing to fret over. We have only just arrived.
Misaki: Kokoro suddenly called us in, but... we weren't supposed to have a Hello, Happy World! meeting today, right?
Hagumi: She said to come because she has big news!  I wonder what it is. I'm so excited~!
Misaki: I can't help but be worried...
Kokoro: Everyone~! ... Oh? Everyone's already here!
Kanon: Ah, Kokoro-chan...! Is there something going on today?
Kokoro: I'm going to go meet a dinosaur! And all of you are invited to come along!
Misaki: Ahh, are we going to the museum again? You really liked it, didn't you, Kokoro?
Kanon: Or are we going to go visit the dinosaur egg at Ryuseido?
Kokoro: No, today we're going to meet a real dinosaur! A real, living and breathing dinosaur!
Kanon, Hagumi, Kaoru & Misaki: Huh?!
Kokoro: Yesterday, there was a dinosaur on TV. It was a living dinosaur that was swimming in a lake!
Kokoro: So let's go meet it and be friends!
Misaki: Ahh, was this that program that aired at dinner time? I saw that too. It was a feature on unidentified animals, right?
Misaki: But the footage of that dinosaur was fairly low quality, so isn't it just one of those altered images? It can't be real.
Kokoro: Oh my. Why are you making up your mind that it's not real when you don't know if it is or not?
Misaki: Well, I mean, you have a point there, but...
Kaoru: Unfortunately, I did not view that program. What kind of dinosaur was shown?
Kokoro: I think it was a dinosaur known as a plesiosaur. Its neck was longer than a giraffe's!
Kaoru: Well now... That sounds to be quite an admirable looking dinosaur.
Misaki: Haha... I guess it really is no use trying to talk to the three dummies...
Kanon: Fufu. But it might be nice to dream a little...
Hagumi: Wait, Kaoru-kun, Kokoron! That's not a dinosaur!
Misaki & Kanon: Huh?!
Kanon: Wh-what's wrong, Hagumi-chan...?!
Misaki: I can't believe Hagumi would say something so realistic... Did she eat something funny?!
Hagumi: A plesiosaur isn't a dinosaur. It's a big reptile! I read that in a field guide on the topic!
Misaki: Ah, that's what she meant...
Kanon: Fue... That startled me~...
Kokoro: That's right. You're so well-informed, Hagumi! Now then, let's go meet the big reptilian plesiosaur!
Misaki: Wait, didn't the TV program say that the video was filmed at a lake in some country in Northern Europe?
Misaki: That's not a distance that we can travel so easily.
Kokoro: Oh my, in that case, it's not a problem... Look, here it comes!
Misaki: ... Hm? I can hear something from outside.
Kanon: Outside the window... Is that a helicopter?!
Misaki: W-wait, hold on. Are you planning on taking that?! Right now?!
Kokoro: Yes! It's big enough to fit all of us, so there's no problem!
Hagumi: Whoa, I wanna ride in the helicopter! Let's go!
Kaoru: I-I see. It will be a voyage by helicopter... A situation such as this brings to mind so many fleeting phrases...
Misaki: Kaoru-san, there's no need to push yourself.
Kanon: B-but can we get to Northern Europe in a helicopter...? I think it's pretty far...
Kokoro: If a helicopter won't work, we can just change to a jet on the way there! Now then, let's go meet the plesiosaur right away~!
Hagumi: Yay, I hope we actually get to meet it~!
Kaoru: Fufu, the both of you are such spirited princesses.
Misaki: W-wait a second! Stop!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan, for the time being, we should chase after everyone...
Misaki: Right... Argh~, they really are such a handful!
Kokoro: Fufufu. Just wait for us, Mr. Plesiosaur!


<Searching for Friends>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Marina and {{userName}}! Hello! Are you doing well?!
Marina: Fufu, yes, we are. You also seem to be doing well, Kokoro-chan.
Marina: Umm... It doesn't look like you have a reservation for today. Is this a walk-in?
Kokoro: Oh no, I came because I have something I want to ask the both of you! Tell me, have either of you seen a dinosaur?
Marina: A dinosaur, huh~? I think I've seen fossils at the museum when I was a child.
Marina: Would you say it's the same for you, {{userName}}-san?
Kokoro: I see. What about a living dinosaur?
Kokoro: I would very much like to meet a living and breathing dinosaur!
Marina: A l-living one?
Kokoro: Yes! That is why I've recently been searching for dinosaurs in nearby mountains and rivers.
Kokoro: But I can't seem to find any. Do you suppose there aren't any in this area?
Marina: Yes, I think it might be a little difficult to find one...
Kokoro: Oh, really? Then I'll just have to search a little farther!
Marina: What will you do after you find one, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I want to be friends with it!
Kokoro: And then I'll introduce it to everyone else. Dinosaurs are popular, aren't they?
Marina: Right. Even at museums, the dinosaur exhibit area is really popular.
Kokoro: Yes, it is! I'm sure everyone would smile if they got to play with a dinosaur!
Kokoro: We would be smiling and so would the dinosaur... Just imagining it is fun-tastic!
Marina: What games would you play with it?
Kokoro: Maybe tag. I don't know what a dinosaur would find fun, so I'll have to ask!
Kokoro: If I can become friends with a dinosaur, I'll introduce it to the both of you as well!
Marina: Fufu, I'm looking forward to it.
Kokoro: Well then, I'll be off to search for dinosaurs again!
Marina: Okay, be careful out there.
Kokoro: Thank you! Hmm, I wonder where I should go next.
Marina: You said you already searched nearby, right?
Kokoro: Yes. I've already checked the mountains and rivers I can travel to by helicopter~...
Kokoro: I know! I should search across the ocean next! Well then, I will see the both of you later!
Marina: Across the ocean... Does she mean overseas?! W-wait, Kokoro-chan!
Marina: She already left... Hm, I have to hand it to her. She really does operate on a different level...
