1212_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Sunset Discovery

Gacha phrase: ... So this is what's important to you.

<Doing It Like Others Do>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kokoro: Hmmhmhmm~♪ The weather today is so nice. I feel like something wonderful is going to happen!
Kokoro: Huh? Is that...?!
Misaki: Phew~. Glad there weren't too many people in the shop~.
Kokoro: Misaki~! What are you up to?
Misaki: Ah, Kokoro. It's just how it looks. I was out buying bread for lunch.
Kokoro: Really?! What kinda bread did you get?
Misaki: Hm? Just a melon bun.
Kokoro: Melon bun?! That's stupendous! I'm gonna get some too!
Misaki: Really? You're going to go buy something from the school store for lunch? You don't usually do that.
Kokoro: Hey, you're right. I'm getting really excited to go now! I better buy some quick!
Misaki: Okay. You don't have to run. There are still some left. I'll see you at band practice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Misaki: Ah~, this breeze feels good...
Misaki: (This time of the year, it's cooler outside than it is in the classroom. There's shade, and you can feel the wind blowing through the air.)
Misaki: (And around here, there aren't many people, so it's nice and quiet.)
Misaki: (This place is perfect for relaxing alone, but...)
Kokoro: All done! That was sooo scrumptious!
Misaki: (At some point, Kokoro had to come sit next to me...)
Misaki: Jeez... If you wanted to eat lunch together, why didn't you just say so? You left me in the hallway, remember?
Kokoro: It's okay! I found you right away, didn't I?! We were able to eat melon buns together, so I'm super happy.
Misaki: That's not it. You should've said something when you found me. It took me a while to notice you were here.
Misaki: You're always so talkative when you come by. Why are you so quiet today?
Kokoro: Huh? I didn't say anything to you? I was so busy trying to copy how you were acting that I must've just forgotten to.
Misaki: What? Are you copying me...?
Kokoro: Yeah! I walked just like you. Whatever you did, I did the exact same thing!
Misaki: You're playing some weird games again... What are you up to?
Kokoro: Well, the thing is, something fantast-erific happened during our last day off!
Kokoro: Moca, a few others and I went with Saya to find a place she was looking for! And while we were looking...!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: That's when Moca told me how to become friends with a seagull! She said to try acting like the seagull and wait quietly!
Kokoro: When I tried doing what she said, the seagull really took us to the spot we were looking for! Saya was so happy!
Misaki: Hmm~. Some of that was a little hard to follow... Anyway, it sounds like everything went well in the end...
Misaki: So does that have something to do with why you were copying what I was doing?
Kokoro: Yeah! The whole experience made me realize something!
Kokoro: When I'm with someone, if I try acting like they do, I can find things I couldn't have found being myself! Don't you think that's incredible?
Kokoro: So that's why I thought I'd try doing things like you today!
Kokoro: Thanks to that, I found out how tasty melon buns are! Isn't that just amazing?
Misaki: Oh~, okay. I get it. A little.
Misaki: When you try standing in another person's shoes, you definitely see things differently. Like how that person thinks and feels.
Kokoro: That's it! Since we were just eating melon buns together, I know what you're thinking!
Misaki: Whoa. Really? Alright, what am I thinking?
Kokoro: You're thinking about how badly you wanna take a nap right now!
Kokoro: Because after you eat, you get sleepy! And if you just sit still there, your eyelids are gonna get even heavier!
Misaki: Ahaha. Well, I wouldn't say it's so bad that I want to take a nap, but you're not too far off.
Misaki: Copying what people do might be a pretty handy tool.
Misaki: (Maybe one day I'll be able to know what Kokoro's thinkin-...)
Misaki: (Nah, that's probably impossible.)
Kokoro: ... Zzz...
Misaki: Huh? Hey, what's wrong? Why are you leaning on me...?
Kokoro: Zzz... Zzz...
Misaki: ... You fell asleep?! That quickly?! Hey, Kokoro?
Misaki: ... She's out like a light.
Misaki: ... Oh well. It's just for lunchtime...
Misaki: I guess I'll stay here and relax too...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki & Kokoro: ...
(Black cut)


<The Secret to More Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Hey, it's Marina and {{userName}}! It's really nice meeting you two here!
Marina: Hi, Kokoro-chan. That paper bag... Did you go to Yamabuki Bakery?
Kokoro: Yeah! The bread at Saya's shop is super yummy!
Marina: It is. We go to Yamabuki Bakery a lot too.
Kokoro: Something really fun happened the last time I went to buy bread!
Marina: Something fun? What was it?
Kokoro: Saya, myself, and some other girls all decided to go looking for this place that Saya wanted to take pictures of!
Kokoro: It was me, Moca, Saya, Rimi, and Sayo! We all got to see this super-duper pretty scenery!
Marina: Oh, really?! How nice.
Kokoro: Yep! Going someplace new was so much fun!
Kokoro: We had no idea what was gonna happen! Doesn't that sound exciting?
Marina: It does. It's really important to be adventurous like that.
Marina: Sometimes you can find things you'd never thought you would. What was your trip like?
Kokoro: I had an absolute blast! And I found out something amazing too!
Kokoro: When I'm with somebody and I try thinking and acting like them, I can see things in ways I've never seen before!
Marina: Think and act like someone else?
Kokoro: Yeah! Just like I've got my own way of doing things, I'm pretty sure that everybody else has got their own way too.
Kokoro: So the more I learn about how other people do things, the more people I can make smile! That's what Moca taught me!
Marina: Wow...! I think you might have learned something really special.
Kokoro: I totally think so! Now when I eat bread from Saya's shop, I think about when we all went out together.
Kokoro: Every time I think about that, it makes me feel sooo happy!
Marina: Fufu. I think you might like Yamabuki Bakery's bread more now than you did before.
Marina: Yamabuki Bakery's bread really is good. Maybe I'll stop by there on the way home.
Kokoro: You definitely should! I'm sure you two will start smiling if you fill your tummy with lots of bread!
Kokoro: Huh? It's this time already? Hello, Happy World! has band stuff today, so I better get going!
Marina: Okay! We should get going too. Have fun with your band.
