1303_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Find Your Voice!

Gacha phrase: Let's open this circus with a bang!

<The Fun World of Today>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Mmm...! This pumpkin pie is super-duper sweet and yummy!
Kokoro: If I give these as gifts, I'm sure Kanon would be happy...! Huh? Over there is...
Kokoro: Wow, incredible! It's a humongous jack-o'-lantern!
Kokoro: I know! I should hand out flyers for tonight's circus to the people looking at it!
Kokoro: Hey, Hagumi, Michelle, Kaoru. I bet they'll think the circus looks fun as well... Huh?
Kokoro: ...? That's weird. They've all disappeared. I wonder if they're playing hide-and-seek.
Ako: Ah, hi, Kokoro! Happy Halloween!
Kokoro: Oh! Happy Halloween, Ako! You're in good spirits!
Ako: Uh-huh! It's Halloween, after all! I can feel the power of darkness, uh... surging... from every corner!
Ako: More importantly, your Halloween costume is really, really, really cool! It's sophisticated, dark, and... you look like a character from a video game!
Kokoro: Yes! I adore this costume too! Kanon and Misaki made it for me!
Ako: Seriously? Those two are so talented! So what's the costume for anyway?
Kokoro: The circus! Hello, Happy World! is gonna wear these and perform at the circus!
Ako: The circus! I got a flyer for that just now!
Kokoro: Oh, we're actually the ones who made those flyers! I'd love for you to come see the show, Ako!
Kokoro: I guarantee you'll have so much fun that you'll grin from ear to ear!
Ako: Whoa~! I can't miss that! Umm, tonight at a tent in the forest... Okay! Got it!
Ako: I'll invite my friends and we'll all go together!
Kokoro: Sounds great! If you guys come, the circus performers will have even bigger smiles!
Ako: Yeah...! Wait. The circus show isn't until tonight, right? Why are you wearing the outfit already, Kokoro?
Kokoro: To show it off in the lead-up to the show! Fun stuff is even more fun when shared with everyone, right?
Kokoro: So I want lots and lots of people to come to the circus!
Ako: I see! I guess you're right! Ah, then I've got a good idea for you!
Ako: Basically...
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Michelle (Misaki): Ah, Kaoru-san! Hagumi-chan! Have you found Kokoro-chan yet?!
Kaoru: Alas... She did not venture into the back alleys.
Hagumi: I peeked inside the shops around here, and she wasn't in any of those either~!
Michelle (Misaki): I see... Well, it's Kokoro-chan we're talking about, so she probably won't be in an obvious place...
Michelle (Misaki): Ugh, jeez, I should've kept a closer eye on her...!
Hagumi: Don't worry, Michelle! I'm sure we'll find Kokoron in no time!
Kaoru: Indeed, it's just as Hagumi says. Try as you might, one cannot conceal a shining sun.
Michelle (Misaki): That's all well and good but... Huh?
Hagumi: What is that lively music? It's coming from over there!
Michelle (Misaki): Err... It looks like... a costume parade. I think it's the Halloween event's main draw- Huh...?!
Kaoru: ... My, my, my. Who could have expected she'd orchestrate such a dramatic reunion?
Kokoro: Hey, everyone! A magnifi-tastic circus show is on tonight!
Kokoro: The show will amaze you, astound you, and give you a smile that's second to none! So please come and watch it!
Michelle (Misaki): K-Kokoro-chan?! Why are you at the head of the parade?!
Kokoro: Oh, Michelle! And Hagumi and Kaoru too! I found you guys! Looks like I won our game of hide-and-seek!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? Hide-and-seek...?! Ah, forget it, I don't need to know. More importantly, why are you in the parade, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: Ako told me about it! If I advertise the circus during the parade, then many more people will know about it, right?
Hagumi: I see! That's genius, Kokoron! I'll join you!
Hagumi: The circus will be held in a tent in the forest! We'll be performing too, so come watch us, everyone!
Kaoru: Greetings, little kitten who wanders that path over yonder. May I introduce you to a dazzling festivity this evening...?
Kaoru: If you come along, I promise you'll have the time of your life.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Man, I've gotta give props to how quickly you two jump on board.
Kokoro: Let's go, Michelle! You're coming with us! You can't just stand around during a parade!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? Wha- Wait a second! I never said I'd join...
Michelle (Misaki): I know how to hand out flyers, but I don't really get what I'm supposed to do in a parade...
Kokoro: There aren't any rules! Just do whatever you think is fun, Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): Um, that doesn't help...
Kokoro: As long as we're having a good time, people will feel the joy of the circus.
Kokoro: Besides, take a look around!
Michelle (Misaki): ...? Why...? We're surrounded by people in costumes. What about it...?
Kokoro: Do you see how cheery everyone is? We need to show people just how much happier the circus will make them!
Kokoro: After all, everybody loves fun stuff!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Haha. What kind of theory is that? Although... I guess you're not wrong.
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san is still hard at work right now, so we need to make sure it's a sellout crowd for her sake as well.
Michelle (Misaki): I'm a bear that will grin and bear it. Okay, it's showtime.
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's go, Michelle! Ready, set...
Michelle & Kokoro: Everybody! Please come to the circus tonight!  Everyone! Come along to the circus tonight!


<The Shining World of Tomorrow>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Forest]

Kokoro: La la la la♪
Kokoro: Oh? Isn't that...? Hello, {{userName}}!
Kokoro: Fancy seeing you here! Are you out for a walk as well?
Kokoro: Is that so? I'm taking a walk and looking for something fun!
Kokoro: Did you know the circus came to this forest the other day?
Kokoro: This forest I thought I knew sparkled and shined in a way I'd never seen before...
Kokoro: I had no idea this area could transform into such a fun place!
Kokoro: So I figured if I explored this forest again, I might find more fun stuff!
Kokoro: Oh! You came to watch the circus too? Wasn't it fanta-bulous?!
Kokoro: They had a flying trapeze and escape magic! It was so suspenseful and exciting that I couldn't even blink!
Kokoro: Of course, playing the concert was fun too! We gave everyone big beautiful smiles!
Kokoro: Fufu, I'll let you in on a secret. Hello, Happy World! lent the circus a hand. We became friends with the ringmaster...
Kokoro: Hagumi and I made flyers and handed them out to lots of people, and Misaki and Kanon made us stupend-erific costumes!
Kokoro: On the day of the event, Kaoru drew in a huge crowd! Thanks to everyone's efforts, lots of people came to watch the circus!
Kokoro: That made the circus performers happy, and they put on the ultimate show. It was an absolutely magnificent evening.
Kokoro: At that moment, this place I'd seen a million times before turned into a scene from a dream!
Kokoro: The circus is truly amazing to transform our surroundings into a place like that!
Kokoro: I bet there's still mountains of potential for fun just lying around in the world!
Kokoro: Here, there, and everywhere!
Kokoro: It would be a waste not to discover that potential, right? So I'm going to find it all!
Kokoro: That way, I can smile with my friends over and over again.
Kokoro: Fufu, of course that includes Misaki, Hagumi, Kanon, Kaoru, and Michelle! But outside of my bandmates, I also want to smile with...
Kokoro: My fellow girls band friends, Marina, and even you!
Kokoro: Together with all of you, I know I'll find lots of fun!
Kokoro: So let's continue to uncover lots more fun together!
Kokoro: Yep, it's a promise!
Kokoro: Well then, I have to get going! I'm really glad I came to the forest today!
Kokoro: Because I found exactly what I was looking for! Chatting with you was super fun!
