1397_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 Eyes That See the Truth

Gacha phrase: The Happy Detectives are now in business!

<Next GAME>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Small Room]

Kokoro: ... Fufu, this is turning out nice! But I bet it'll be more fun if I make it a bit more colorful!
Hagumi: This part goes like this... And this part... There!
Hagumi: Look, look, Kokoron! I finished drawing what I'd look like if I were a phantom thief!
Kokoro: Wow, that was quick! Can I see what Phantom Thief Hagumin looks like?
Hagumi: Sure! My costume's gonna be~... a catsuit! The phantom thief's friend in the movie I saw before was wearing one, and they looked super cool!
Hagumi: I'm gonna sneak in through the ceiling and go straight for the treasure!
Kokoro: Nice! That sounds perfect for you!
Hagumi: Ehehe! And when I jump down from a high place, I'm gonna do a landing pose like this!
Hagumi: And then I'll say, "I have come tonight to free the jewel from its prison."
Kokoro: Oh~, that sounds like something cool the Happy Thief would do! I like it a lot!
Kokoro: ... Hm? You drew some other costumes in your notebook too.
Hagumi: I really like the classic phantom thief look with the top hat and tuxedo, so I also drew that version!
Kokoro: You're so right! You can't have a phantom thief without a top hat and tuxedo...! I know! Why not just wear both?!
Hagumi: On top of my catsuit?
Kokoro: Yeah! When you show up before the detective, you'll be in your tuxedo, but you switch to your catsuit when you make your smooth getaway!
Hagumi: Oh~! That sounds ultra cool! Okay, I'm wearing both!
Hagumi: Hey, hey, what about you? What's Phantom Thief Kokoron's costume gonna be?
Kokoro: This!
Hagumi: Wow~! Your costume has wings!
Kokoro: Yes! Phantom Thief Kokoron can fly through the sky!
Hagumi: Oh~! Flying through the sky?! That's so cool!
Kokoro: But that's not all. She uses special magic to appear anywhere she wants.
Hagumi: Anywhere?! Oh, oh, then does that mean she can even enter a room with lots of locks and walls that are this thick?!
Kokoro: Of course! And it'll be super easy for her! It won't matter where the treasure is! She'll find it instantly!
Hagumi: ... Wait. If she can go anywhere she wants, when'll she fly?
Kokoro: When she wants to fly with her partner! Her partner's a birdie!
Hagumi: Oh, okay! Flying does sound really fun!
Hagumi: She could even use her magic to sneak inside, then once she has the treasure, she can fly away!
Kokoro: That sounds nice too! Hey, how will Phantom Thief Hagumin move around?
Hagumi: Hmm~... Ah! Helicopter. She can fly just like Phantom Thief Kokoron! There's gonna be this rope that sticks out of it that she holds on to!
Kokoro: Then we should fly through the sky together!
Hagumi: That sounds like so much fun! I wonder what kind of phantom thieves Kano-chan-senpai and Mii-kun would be like.
Kokoro: Let's figure out what Kanon's going to be like then!
Hagumi: Um~... Oh, I know! She comes out of the ocean! And she can use penguins to break in and out even when something's surrounded!
Kokoro: Wow, that sounds so nice! I'm sure Kanon would love working with penguins!
Hagumi: Hooray~! Okay, now let's figure out what Mii-kun's gonna be like!
Kokoro: You do that, I'll work on Michelle! Fufu, once we have ideas for everyone, we can form our very own phantom thief troupe! I'm so excited!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Okay~, Kaoru-kun's done too! Now that we're done with everyone, we have to decide what to do for the Hello, Happy World! Phantom Thieves debut concert!
Kokoro: Oh~! I'm sure it'll be such a fun concert!
Misaki: Ah, there you are. It's almost time to head back, you two. Start getting ready.
Hagumi: Aw~, already? Oh well, at least we figured everything out in time!
Misaki: Figured what out?
Kokoro: The Hello, Happy World! Phantom Thieves debut concert! Let's go, Misaki! I'll tell you all about it!
Misaki: What the heck is the Hello, Happy World! Phantom Thieves...?


<Look Afar, Nearby You>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Kokoro: Oh, {{userName}}! Hi!
Kokoro: Not there, over here!
Kokoro: Hold on. I'm coming to you right now!
Kokoro: I'm surprised to see you here. Are you out for a walk?
Kokoro: I was up on the slide!
Kokoro: Why? Because it's the highest place here.
Kokoro: I thought being high up would let me understand more what it feels like to be a phantom thief!
Kokoro: The phantom thief, of course! The hero that can appear from anywhere to steal treasure! In the stories, they always show up from high places, right?
Kokoro: We actually got a message before from the Happy Phantom Thief saying they were going to steal something precious.
Kokoro: Yeah! It was a challenge to the Happy Detectives! That's why we went to this castle called Castle Vollmond and faced the Happy Thief.
Kokoro: We were very close to catching her, but she got away. She was just like some kind of magician!
Kokoro: That's why I've been climbing up to high places. So that I'll understand the Happy Thief better, and be able to catch her the next time.
Kokoro: I've learned so much. First, high places feel really nice!
Kokoro: And second, being above lets you see lots of stuff. Like how I spotted you earlier!
Kokoro: ... Oh, this must be one of the reasons why phantom thieves like being high up!
Kokoro: But you know... I think no matter where they are, they always see more things!
Kokoro: Yeah, it means the view they have might be different from ours! You know, like maybe a bird's-eye view...
Kokoro: And it lets them see more of the world, and people so far away that the rest of us can't see!
Kokoro: No wonder we lost to the Happy Thief at the castle!
Kokoro: Do you think I'd be able to make even more people smile if I had the eyes of a phantom thief? I mean, the Happy Thief made us smile!
Kokoro: I'm gonna work hard so that I can see more things and see further away!
Kokoro: And someday, I'm gonna have eyes just like a phantom thief and make everyone smile!
Kokoro: Thanks! Oh, you have to go somewhere? Let's talk again some other time then!
Kokoro: Hey, we should look at the view together next time from the highest place there is! I'm sure it'll feel very nice!
