1508_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Our Memories +1

Gacha phrase: So let's make lots more memories together!

<Lots of Treasures>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Kokoro: Hm-hmm~♪
Moca: Huh, Kokoro-chan. What're you doing here~?
Kokoro: Oh, Moca! I wasn't expecting to see you.
Kokoro: I'm taking a walk. There's no telling what sort of fun things I don't even know about are waiting out there, after all!
Moca: I see, I see. Still the tireless seeker of "fun," are we~?
Moca: So, find anything~?
Kokoro: You bet! Some of the trees here have started growing leaves, and I found this new sparrow nest...
Kokoro: And, well... Fufu. Even if nothing happens, this park is full of fun anyway!
Moca: Even if nothing happens? Care to explain~?
Kokoro: Walking around places lets me think back to the fun things that have happened there... Just doing that fills me with fun.
Kokoro: Take this bench. Just the other day, I had croquettes with the rest of the band.
Kokoro: They were the usual yummy croquettes from Hagumi's store, but eating them with everyone made them taste way better!
Moca: Oh, I totally get that. Buns are always good, but they become even more delicious with company~.
Kokoro: Exactly! But Misaki wasn't there when we did, so I want to eat with her next time.
Kokoro: Other than that, I've got lots more memories of this park. Not just about my band, but other bands as well...
Kokoro: That's why all I have to do is walk around, and I get to have tons of fun!
Moca: ... Ah. Looks like you have yourself a treasure chest of memories~.
Kokoro: Right! That's exactly it! This park is my treasure chest full of memories!
Moca: I see, I see... But you're not the only one though~.
Kokoro: Hm?
Moca: I've made lots of memories here, too, memories I know I'm never going to forget for the rest of my life...
Moca: That's why this park is a really special place to me as well~.
Moca: You said that just walking around here is fun, right? Well... it might be the same for me~.
Kokoro: So we feel the same way! Fufu, I'd really like to hear about your memories.
Moca: Hmm... We'll see~...
Kid: C'mon, hurry up! We're gonna run outta time to play!
Kid: W-wait~!
Moca: ... You know, I don't think we're the only ones who find this place special~.
Kokoro: That's so true! It's full of memories made by all sorts of people.
Kokoro: And not just here. School, downtown, CiRCLE...
Kokoro: Even places I've never been to are going to be special to someone, aren't they?
Moca: ... Uh-huh, I'd say so~.
Kokoro: Hehe. Now I'm even more excited about going to new places.
Kokoro: I get to think about the fun memories that have been made there, and...
Kokoro: I get to look forward to the fun memories I'm going to make there with everyone!
Moca: Huh~. Thinking about it that way does make things more exciting~.
Kokoro: Right? Fufu, and now I have another new memory of this park!
Moca: Oh?
Kokoro: A fun memory of talking about memories with you. That's one more precious memory made here!
Moca: A fun memory about making fun memories... Ahaha, I get it now~.
Kokoro: Having fun again just by thinking about fun memories... Isn't that wonderful?!
Kokoro: Thanks, Moca. Meeting you here today is why I've been able to have so much fun.
Moca: Aw shucks, I didn't do nothin'~.
Kokoro: Let's both keep making fun memories! Lots and lots of them!


<With You and with Everyone>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Residential Area]

Kokoro: Oh, hello, {{userName}}! The weather's really nice today, isn't it?
Kokoro: Sorry, did I scare you? It's just that I happened to spot you during my walk.
Kokoro: What are you doing here?
Kokoro: I see. Nothing important, huh? Then how about going for a walk with me?
Kokoro: Fufu! Then it's settled! Let's go!
Kokoro: Yeah, I've been walking since this morning. Where am I going? Nowhere, really.
Kokoro: ... Oh, is it that surprising?
Kokoro: I love looking for fun things as I go around town.
Kokoro: I mean, if you find something fun, you get to have fun, too, right?
Kokoro: Like chasing a bird you've never seen before or playing with a sunbathing cat.
Kokoro: Plus, it can lead to meeting people you never would have met otherwise. Just like how we got to meet.
Kokoro: See? Even just walking around can lead to all sorts of fun stuff!
Kokoro: But it's even better when you're with someone else.
Kokoro: Because being together makes everything even more and more fun!
Kokoro: How is it for you?
Kokoro: ... Fufu, I see! So we're the same way!
Kokoro: You know, I felt something similar the other day when I watched the sunset with Michelle.
Kokoro: The one I saw with her looked sooo much prettier!
Kokoro: Sunsets are always pretty, but it looked way, waaay prettier that time!
Kokoro: Hehe. It must've been because Michelle was there.
Kokoro: Talking about this is suddenly making me really want to see my Hello, Happy World! friends. I'm going to go see them now!
Kokoro: ... Thanks for talking with me, {{userName}}!
