1606_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Magical Crafts

Gacha phrase: Then, what do you have fun doing, Hagumi?

<Like Flying in the Sky>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Kokoro: ...
Kokoro: ... Fufu.
Hagumi: Whoa~! It's Kokoron! Hi there~!
Kokoro: Oh! Hagumi! What a wonderful coincidence meeting you here!
Hagumi: Yeah, a wonderful coincidence!
Hagumi: What're you doing? You look like you're having a lot of fun...
Kokoro: Well, you see... Look at this!
Hagumi: ... A video camera?
Kokoro: Exactly! After watching our Hello, Happy Channel video back, I got in the mood to film something.
Kokoro: So the suits gave me a camera that I've been using to record interesting things around the park!
Kokoro: This camera's amazing, you know! It records things really well, and I was told it's really sturdy!
Hagumi: Does that mean it'd be okay if you dropped it?
Kokoro: No, even better. It won't break even if you drop it from a super high place, or into the water!
Hagumi: Wow, that's amazing! Sounds like Hello, Happy World!'s got another trusty member on our team!
Kokoro: That's right! ... Oh, that's it! Hagumi, please watch what I've recorded so far!
Hagumi: Yay, I wanna see! Show me, show me!
Kokoro: Hm, let me find the play button... here!
Hagumi: Ah! It's a cat! It was under that bench over there, huh?
Kokoro: It was sleeping, so I quietly snuck up and recorded it. It woke up just a little bit ago and left, but I figured that as long as I got it on video, anyone would be able to see later.
Kokoro: After that, there's... Look at this cloud. Doesn't it look like Michelle?
Hagumi: It does! It's a Michelle cloud! I bet it'd look even more like Michelle if you added color to it, don't you think?!
Kokoro: My! Good idea, Hagumi! Adding color to clouds... That sounds like a lot of fun!
Kokoro: I've also got... This is a flower bud from that flower bed. It looks like it's probably going to bloom tomorrow, right?
Hagumi: Yeah~. Ah, then while you're at it, why don't you try and catch it actually blooming, too?
Kokoro: Oh! That's another wonderful idea! That'd make lots of people happy for sure!
Kokoro: Actually, as long as you're here, why don't you try recording something too, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Huh? Really?
Kokoro: Yup! If it's you, I know you'll be able to catch something really nice!
Hagumi: Hmmm... Well... If that's the case, then... Oh, I've got it!
Hagumi: Hey, Kokoron, come here. How does this sound...?
Kokoro: ... Fufu! What a fantastic idea! I'm in! And with this camera, I'm sure we can do it, too.
Hagumi: Okay! Then let's give it a shot!
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's try it out right away!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Hagumi, are you ready~?
Hagumi: All set~!
Kokoro: Okay, here I go... Yah!
Hagumi: ... Hup!
Kokoro: Nice catch! Great job, Hagumi!
Hagumi: How was that? Do you think the camera got it?
Kokoro: I'm sure it did. Let's take a look!
Kokoro & Hagumi: ... Whoa...
Kokoro: This is incredible! It's almost as if we're flying in the sky.
Hagumi: Yeah. We may not be able to actually fly yet, but... doing this, we can sort of experience how it feels, huh?
Kokoro: Yup. But we were only able to do that thanks to you, Hagumi. Even with the camera, this wasn't something I could have done by myself.
Hagumi: ... I guess you're right. Ehehe.
Kokoro: I'd love to keep working together to see things we can't on our own together, wouldn't you? The sky, the ocean, or even bigger things than that...
Hagumi: Yeah! And next time, instead of just the two of us... I want Kaoru-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, Mii-kun, and Michelle to all be here with us, too!
Kokoro: Yes. With the six of us together, I know there's so much in this world we'll be able see!


<Fun Discovery Adventure!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew~... All this shopping's beginning to get a bit too much for us to carry, huh?
Marina: Maybe we should head back to CiRCLE now... Huh? Isn't that Kokoro-chan over there?
Marina: She's alone, too... What is she doing? Let's go say hi.
Marina: Hey there, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Oh! Marina, {{userName}}! Hi!
Marina: What are you up to today? It looks like you're... recording something...?
Kokoro: I'm exploring downtown!
Marina: Exploring... downtown...? Oh, is this for a new Hello, Happy Channel video?
Kokoro: Oh, you've seen our channel?
Marina: With {{userName}}-san here, yeah. We had a lot of fun watching.
Kokoro: Fufu, thanks! I'm glad that you got to have fun with us!
Kokoro: Today, I'm here downtown looking for fun things.
Marina: Looking for fun, huh... Huh? I feel like you've done this before already...
Kokoro: I have! I know that there's all sorts of fun things here!
Kokoro: But there's still lots of people out there that don't, right?
Kokoro: That's why I thought it'd be nice if I could show everyone how much fun downtown is with this camera!
Marina: I see. It's true a lot more people would probably learn how nice this area is if you did a stream about it.
Kokoro: Right? And that's not all.
Kokoro: After I started exploring here looking for things to introduce, I found even more fun things I never knew about before!
Marina: Fufu, I can see that happening, yeah. You can learn to appreciate all sorts of things more deeply when you try and introduce them to others.
Kokoro: Exactly! Something like that happened when we were filming our show, too.
Kokoro: The idea at the beginning was to do lots of fun things so that our viewers could have fun watching us, but...
Kokoro: As we were shooting, I ended up seeing all sorts of different sides to my friends I'd never seen before!
Marina: So by trying something new, you got to learn more about your friends, too, huh? Fufu, that's wonderful.
Kokoro: That's it! You're exactly right, Marina!
Kokoro: Which is why I want to keep on trying all sorts of new things!
Kokoro: I know there's got to be lots more fun things out there I don't know about yet!
Marina: Fufu, you're probably right. You'll probably find all sorts of fun things that I don't know, either. It's kind of exciting to think about, actually.
Kokoro: Once I find something new, I'll take a video and put it on the Hello, Happy Channel!
Kokoro: Alright, I'm gonna get back to shooting! Hit "record," and... back to the search!
