1662_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R3 To the Light...

<Have a nice trip!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta)

[Shopping Mall]

Kokoro: Oh! Kaoru!
Kaoru: Greetings, Kokoro. What a pleasant coincidence that we should meet here.
Kokoro: I'm really happy, too! I was out on a walk looking for fun things, and I already found one right away! You!
Kaoru: A great bard once said thus... "One should walk the path of life with joy in every step." In essence, it is... but that.
Kokoro: Right! Looking for fun things is lots of fun!
Kokoro: Are you out shopping today, Kaoru? What did you buy?
Kaoru: Something so bright, so blinding, so absolutely fleeting... It is, but this.
Kokoro: Oh! You bought a book! And everyone's smiling on the cover! What sort of book is it?
Kaoru: Fufu... Kokoro, my dear friend. This is a book full of dazzling fleetingness... A guidebook to Broadway.
Kokoro: Broadway! That's the place with lots of plays, right?
Kokoro: Are you planning on going to see some, Kaoru?
Kaoru: No... Rather than that, I was actually considering going to Broadway to do some studying, you see.
Kaoru: I was hoping to travel there, to the place celebrated around the world as the pinnacle of theater, so that I might not just study acting, but the art of playwriting as well.
Kaoru: Not only that, I wish to grow as an actress... Which is why I have made up my mind to visit this veritable mecca of thespian talent.
Kaoru: That does mean I shall unfortunately be forced to part with you and the others for a period of time, however... And for that, I must profusely apologize. It pains me to leave you.
Kokoro: Don't worry, I won't be lonely at all!
Kaoru: Oh...?
Kokoro: If you're going to Broadway, that means you're going to be able to bring smiles to lots of people there, right?
Kaoru: Indeed, it is just as you say. For that purpose, I have made the choice of a lifetime.
Kokoro: That's amazing, isn't it?! I'm behind you all the way. Nothing's more important than your own smile, after all.
Kokoro: Besides, I already know that no matter how far away you go, you'll always come back to us.
Kaoru: ... Thank you, Kokoro. Your kindness is like a balmy spring day, bathing my heart in its warmth.
Kaoru: I must admit, however... I clearly must train my mental fortitude.
Kaoru: Just imagining having to spend time apart from Hello, Happy World! and the rest of my little kittens is enough to make my chest feel ready to burst from loneliness.
Kokoro: Really? Then why don't we all go to Broadway together?
Kokoro: That way, you won't feel lonely anymore, and I bet taking a walk together with everyone around there would be lots of fun!
Kaoru: What a fearsomely tempting suggestion... but let us save that for another time.
Kaoru: Making everyone else adjust their schedules to mine would be terribly uncouth.
Kokoro: Oh, okay. If you say so, then sure. We'll all go for a trip together some other time.
Kaoru: Yes... And I shall use the sorrow I feel in my heart now as an impetus to soar to ever greater heights as an actress. That, I swear to you.
Kokoro: I know you can do it!
Kokoro: And I bet once you come back, you'll be a super duper amazing actress that'll bring smiles to everyone around!
Kokoro: Including us, of course!
Kaoru: That is certainly my intent.
Kaoru: I am glad I was able to speak with you, Kokoro. Perhaps it was fate which deigned to bring us here together today.
Kokoro: Oh, I bet! If that's what you think, then that's what it's got to be.
Kaoru: Yes... The moment I purchased this guidebook, you appeared before me ready to give me the push forward I so desperately needed...
Kaoru: Now, thanks to you, my determination has been steeled.
Kokoro: Huh? But weren't you the one who decided to study abroad so you can bring more smiles to people in the first place? I didn't do anything.
Kaoru: Fufu, I see... Kokoro, you truly are fleeting.
Kaoru: Wait for me, my adorable little kittens.
Kaoru: In one week I shall return, more fleeting than ever before. I promise that to you!
Kokoro: Okay, Kaoru! It's a promise!


<The circle spreads>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kokoro: Marina~! {{userName}}~!
Marina: Kokoro-chan! What's up? Do you need something from us?
Kokoro: I do! I wanted to talk to you two!
Marina: I see. You've got nice timing. We just got back from doing some shopping.
Kokoro: Oh, wow! It must be fate!
Marina: Fufu, maybe it is.
Marina: That's right, I saw some news about Princess Nicolina on TV the other day. She's the princess of that kingdom that you visited before, right?
Kokoro: Right! I was so happy to see her again!
Marina: See her...? Wait, what?! You met Princess Nicolina here in Japan?!
Kokoro: Of course we did! She's our friend, after all! You'd want to meet your friend if they came to visit, wouldn't you?
Marina: Well yeah, I would, but... I'm surprised you actually managed to see her. It sounded like she was awfully busy...
Kokoro: Yeah. She managed to free up the entire day before she went home for us though, so we all went to play at an amusement park!
Kokoro: We all decorated the whole park just for her and had a party! Then, at the end, we played a concert, too!
Marina: Wow, that's so nice! Using an entire amusement park for your party, though... Wow...
Marina: I'm sure Princess Nicolina must have loved it, didn't she?
Kokoro: She did! She gave us the biggest, most wonderful smile ever!
Kokoro: But you know... Fufu. She wasn't the only one smiling.
Marina: Are you saying you brought smiles to other people, too?
Kokoro: Yeah! Kanon, Misaki, Kaoru, Hagumi, everyone there had big, bright smiles on their faces!
Kokoro: It sounded like there was something bothering Kanon while we were having fun at the park, but...
Kokoro: After our concert, she was all smiles again!
Kokoro: So thanks to all our hard work trying to bring a smile to Nicolina's face, we all ended up with big smiles on our own faces, too! I was so happy!
Marina: Fufu, you've got a great smile on your face right now, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Oh, my! You're right! Fufufu, thanks, Marina!
Marina: So everyone ended up happy in the end, huh...? It's like a great big circle of happiness.
Kokoro: Exactly! One great big happy circle of happiness!
Kokoro: Doing something to make someone else happy, and finding your own happiness along the way... That's so amazing, isn't it?!
Marina: Yeah, it is. I'm sure Princess Nicolina was able to take all those smiles you gave her and spread the circle of happiness to her own kingdom, too.
Kokoro: Right! I know she did!
Kokoro: And the circle of happiness will keep on growing and growing, until everyone in the whole wide world will have big, happy smiles on their faces!
