1758_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 International Friend

Gacha phrase: Oh! Is that you, Charley?!

<Rain Always Brings Fun>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Misaki: Ugh~. It sure is pouring today. Even with an umbrella, my bag's soaked...
Kanon: Are you okay, Misaki-chan? Go ahead and use this towel if you'd like.
Misaki: Oh, Kanon-san. Thank you.
Kanon: You're welcome. Just now, I almost would've slipped and fallen myself if it hadn't been for Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Fufu... It pleases me greatly that I was able to come to your rescue, Kanon. After all, it is my duty to safeguard my sweet little kittens.
Kokoro: You were so cool just now, Kaoru!
Hagumi: Yeah! The moment Kano-chan-senpai went like slip, you were like catch!
Kaoru: On a rainy day, it is best to avoid puddles. As Shakespeare himself did once say, "More haste, less speed."
Misaki: That's not Shakespeare...
Hagumi: You know, it was sunny during Charirin's welcome concert, but it's lately been raining a lot, don't you think...?
Misaki: It is the rainy season, after all. Of course, the humidity that comes with it doesn't make it any easier to feel motivated to do anything~.
Hagumi: What I don't like about the rain is being unable to go outside for softball practice~.
Kokoro: Oh? There are so many fun things on rainy days though! Like... the sound of people walking in the rain!
Kokoro: The splashing water turns into such happy and exciting music.
Kokoro: Hearing it makes me want to jump up and down with the rain!
Kaoru: Music performed by the rain... Ah, how fleeting... It further deepens my love of rainy days.
Kanon: Fufu, I actually kind of like rainy days quite a bit too. The flowers and trees just seem so much more alive.
Kanon: That time I went to the hydrangea park on a rainy day with Chisato-chan, Eve-chan, and everyone, there were colorful hydrangeas everywhere...
Kanon: It was so magical. I felt like I'd wandered into a picture book.
Misaki: Looking at hydrangeas in the rain does sound nice. The whole thing has a certain sublime charm.
Kanon: Mm-hmm. Even the smells and sounds of the rain are really relaxing.
Misaki: Oh yeah... True. Now that you mention it, I do like listening to the sound of the rain when I'm making stuffed animals.
Kokoro: See, rain is fun, isn't it? But there's something else that makes rainy days even better!
Hagumi: Really?! There is?!
Kokoro: Yeah! You get to meet such wonderful friends!
Kaoru: Is that so...? And what are these fleeting little kittens which you speak of?
Kokoro: Froggies and snails, of course!
Kokoro: You don't usually get to see them, but they all come out to have fun on rainy days!
Hagumi: That's so true! They do seem to enjoy the rain!
Hagumi: I guess rainy days are a lot more fun than I thought!
Kokoro: Yeah! The froggies, snails, and even the flowers must be happily singing a rain song right now!
Kaoru: Ah... I feel as though I can hear a fleeting round being sung to the melody of the rain...
Hagumi: Mmm~! I'm starting to feel like going outside!
Kokoro: Oh, I know! Let's go to the hydrangea park!
Misaki: Huh? Now?
Kokoro: Yeah! I want to see that nice scenery together that Kanon talked about!
Misaki: Well, I get you, but...
Kokoro: I'm sure we'll also get to meet even more of our rainy-day friends if we go together!
Kanon: True. There are things we might miss while walking alone that we'll notice when we're together.
Misaki: I dunno... Isn't the hydrangea park supposed to be pretty far away...?
Kokoro: That just means more chances of finding fun things! Alright, everyone! Get ready! We're going before the rain stops!
Hagumi: Yay~! I'm so excited.
Misaki: Sheesh... Guess we're going.
Kanon: Fufu, I have a feeling things will look different because I'll be with all of you instead.
Misaki: Kanon-san, it's so obvious you're looking forward to this too... Well, as long as this doesn't become a regular thing, I suppose I can live with it.
Kaoru: Once we are all ready, let us begin marching to the rain's melody.
Hagumi: Okay, I'm ready! What about you guys, Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai?
Misaki: Yeah, sure, I'm good to go~.
Kokoro: Alright then, let's go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<When Worlds Come Together>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Kokoro: Hm-hmhm-hm~♪ Oh, Marina! {{userName}}!
Marina: Hi, Kokoro-chan. You're in a good mood. Something nice happen?
Kokoro: I've been looking for things that make rainy days fun!
Marina: Fun?
Kokoro: Yeah! Look at these flowers! Don't they look so refreshed after taking a shower in the rain?
Kokoro: And if you take a close look between them... See! There's a froggie using the leaves as a roof!
Marina: Fufu, oh wow... That's kind of cute.
Kokoro: Ah! It let out a tiny croak! It must be saying hi to you, Marina-san! See, this is fun, isn't it?
Marina: Fufu, yeah!
Kokoro: Mmm~! I need to share this fun with Charley!
Marina: Charley...? Wait, is this your childhood friend? We heard a bit about her from Hagumi-chan and Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: Oh, okay! We did a rice ball parade with her and then a rice ball show, you know!
Marina: A rice ball... show...?
Kokoro: Yeah! We wanted to tell everyone about these yummy rice balls, so first we did a parade and then a show! We made Charley smile a whole lot!
Marina: I see. Fufu, I can tell it must've been a really fun day. I'm glad your childhood friend had a good time as well.
Kokoro: Me too! I'm going to show her more nice things about Japan and this city!
Kokoro: I also want her to learn even more about Misaki, Hagumi, Kanon, Kaoru, and Michelle, too, of course!
Marina: Fufu, sounds great. Let us know if there's anything we can do to help.
Kokoro: Thanks, Marina, {{userName}}!
Kokoro: When Charley met everyone and smiled, it made me so happy.
Kokoro: It felt like the start of something new and showed me that our circle of happiness could maybe get way bigger!
Marina: Right. It's nice when your different groups of friends become friends with each other. Getting to learn lots of things you never knew is exciting too.
Kokoro: Yeah, that's it! If friends keep becoming friends, then the whole wide world will become friends!
Marina: Fufu, that's such a lovely way of looking at things.
Kokoro: I know, right?! Okay, for today's Hello, Happy World! meeting, I'm going to try to think up ways to make the entire world friends!
Kokoro: Marina, {{userName}}, tell me if you come up with any ideas, okay? I'll be looking forward to hearing them!
