1791_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R5 Summer Treasure

Gacha phrase: Mmm~! The water feels so cold and nice!

<A Message Left>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Rocky Area]

Kokoro: Hmm~... She really isn't here. The cave should be nearby, though.
Hagumi: Oh! Found you, Kokoron! Guys~! This way~!
Misaki: Ahh, I knew you'd be here.
Kokoro: Oh, what's wrong, everyone?
Kaoru: We were searching for you, little kitten. Your bed was empty when we awoke this morning.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, were you looking for Happi-chan?
Kokoro: Yeah! We just became friends with her, after all. I wanna talk to her about lots and lots of fun things!
Kaoru: Why, as do I. It would be excellent if we could at least give her a greeting before we depart... Did you find her, Kokoro?
Kokoro: No, she wasn't here. Maybe she went out somewhere.
Kanon: Umm... She might be resting at home. Exploring with us yesterday probably made her tired.
Kanon: So I think we can see her again once she feels better.
Misaki: ... Yeah. When we come and hang out on Happy Happy Island again, you know? She'll probably approach us next time.
Kokoro: Alright! I'll talk to Happi another time, then!
Hagumi: I wanna swim with Happi someday! And have food with her at the villa!
Kokoro: Wonderful! Let's do that!
Kokoro: I wanna invite Happi over!
Misaki: Do you mean... to your house?
Kokoro: Yeah! I just think it'll be soo much fun if Happi comes to my place!
Hagumi: Whoa! Good idea! I think it'll be fun too!
Kokoro: Of course, I want her to come to school with us and watch our shows. And introduce her to Michelle, too!
Hagumi: Then I'll make croquettes with Happi! And we can play softball together!
Kaoru: Magnificent. What fleeting ideas the both of you have.
Kaoru: Well then, I shall ride with Happi-chan on my noble steed. Beyond the horizon, we shall venture~!
Misaki: Haha... There's no stopping them at this rate.
Kanon: Fufu. Everyone loves Happi-chan after all.
Misaki: Well, I understand wanting to make a friend happy and have fun with them.
Misaki: But the cave is gone, and it looks like Happi-chan... went home, you know? There's no point in being here. Let's go back to the villa.
Misaki: We're going home tomorrow, so we've gotta start packing, right?
Hagumi: Ngh~... But... but... is it really okay for us to go back like this?
Hagumi: Won't Happi be sad tomorrow when she realizes we left...?
Kanon: I see... Then why don't we write her a letter?
Kokoro: A letter?
Kanon: Mhm. If we put the letter for her in a bottle and leave it near where the cave entrance was, she might read it one day.
Kokoro: That's it! Great idea, Kanon! Let's go back to the villa and write a letter!
Misaki: But then...
Hagumi: What's wrong, Mii-kun?
Kaoru: Misaki, if you are unsure of what to write, I shall do my best to assist you. Let us craft a message so beautiful it shall be engraved in her heart.
Misaki: Oh... It's not about that.
Kanon: Do you not like letters, Misaki-chan...?
Misaki: No. I think they're fine.
Misaki: It's just... What if Happi-chan doesn't notice the letter and never reads it...? Then...
Kanon: Oh... I see. You thought Kokoro-chan and the others might get disappointed, huh?
Kaoru: Ahh, Misaki...! What a kind little kitten you are.
Kokoro: Oh, I'll be fine. I won't feel let down.
Kokoro: We can keep writing letters until she reads them, and we can come here to see her as many times as we need.
Misaki: It's not that easy...
Misaki: No, you're right. For you, it is that simple.
Kokoro: But I'm soo happy you thought about how we'd feel! Thanks, Misaki!
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! You really are soo kind, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Oh, come on. You wanna write a letter, right? Let's get back to the villa.
Kokoro: Yeah, we can write it together.
Kokoro: We've gotta let Happi know we're super glad to be her friend!
(Black cut)


<Super Big Secret Discovery>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kokoro: Hmm~... Not here either.
Marina: Oh? Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: Marina! {{userName}}! Hello!
Marina: Hi there. You're always so energetic. Why were you looking around?
Kokoro: I'm looking for Charley! Did you see her?
Marina: Charley... Oh, do you mean your childhood friend Charlotte?
Marina: Sorry, we didn't see her. Did anything happen?
Kokoro: There's something I wanna tell Charley immediately! It was just stupend-erific!
Marina: Fufu. If you say that, then it must've been really fun!
Kokoro: Wow, Marina! That's exactly it!
Kokoro: The other day, I went to Happy Happy Island with Misaki-chan and the others to swim in the ocean. It was super fun, so I wanna invite Charley too!
Marina: Wow, how nice! Hanging out with everyone is always a great time.
Marina: Has Charlotte been to Happy Happy Island before?
Kokoro: I'm not sure. We went on lots of adventures together, so I don't remember.
Kokoro: It'll still be fun even if it's not her first time! There's so many places on the island we haven't explored yet, and lots of wonderful hidden treasures too!
Marina: Mhm. You guys discovered the fossil of a new dinosaur species, after all.
Kokoro: Yes! We found something amazing the other day too. Actuall- Oh!
Marina: Kokoro-chan? What's wrong?
Kokoro: I can't tell you about it. Misaki told us to keep it a secret.
Kokoro: I'm sorry, Marina and {{userName}}. I can't tell you what we found on our adventure.
Marina: Really? I'm not sure what happened, but you don't have to apologize. There has to be a reason you can't say it.
Marina: Anyway, it's clear that you had a lot of fun on Happy Happy Island!
Kokoro: Yep, it was an amazing memory!
Kokoro: Oh yeah! The both of you should come to the island next time too. Exploring with everyone will be so much fun!
Marina: Thank you. It'd be nice to go one day.
Kokoro: You're always welcome. I can't wait!
Kokoro: I'll go and look for Charley then. See you two soon!
Marina: Mhm, see you! ... I can't believe Kokoro-chan has a secret she's keeping. I wonder what it is.
Marina: Maybe they made a historical discovery worth being written about in textbooks! ... Who are we kidding? That can't be it. Fufufu.
(Black cut)
