1889_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R5 It's Like a Dream

Gacha phrase: Rurururu~♪ Ranran...♪

<Have a Wonderful Dream Pt. 1>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio]

Hagumi: Good morning, everyone!!
Kokoro: Good morning, Hagumi!
Kaoru: Good morning. Hearing Hagumi's energetic greeting truly fills one with hope for another beautiful day ahead.
Hagumi: Ehehe, really? I'm glad!
Misaki: Yawn…
Kanon: Oh? Misaki-chan, did you not sleep well?
Kokoro: Misaki does look very sleepy. She looks all fluffy and comfortable.
Misaki: I wish it was that kind of comfortable sleepiness…
Kaoru: What ails your troubled sleep? Could it be, that you saw a frightening dream?
Misaki: Oh, you got that half right.
Hagumi: Mii-kun, did you have a nightmare? Are you okay?
Misaki: Hmm, rather than a nightmare… This morning, I think I had a strange dream. But I can't exactly remember just what it was about.
Misaki: All I remember is that I sure had a weird dream. Maybe that's why I still feel a bit tired.
Kanon: When you have a strange dream, your body does feel kind of heavy from the moment you wake up. And then you spend the whole day feeling dazed…
Misaki: Yes yes, exactly like that.
Kaoru: That is worrying. I wish that you may see pleasant dreams tonight, at least…
Hagumi: Hagumi knows of a way to have pleasant dreams!
Misaki: Really? At this point I'd take any advice I can get.
Hagumi: You just gotta look at fun images, or read fun books before you sleep! If you do that, the contents will appear in your dreams!
Hagumi: My brother said so, so it must be true!
Kanon: I've heard that sleeping with a picture of a beautiful landscape under your pillow might work too.
Misaki: I see… It sounds simple enough, so I might give it a try.
Kaoru: If that's the case Misaki, would you like to try sleeping with my picture under your pillow?
Misaki: I'll pretend I didn't hear that.
Kokoro: I know how to have fun dreams too!
Kanon: What's your method?
Kokoro: And that's…
Kokoro: I go to sleep while wishing to have happy dreams full of smiles!
Kokoro: Doing that definitely lets you have fun dreams.
Misaki: Well, how to say, it certainly does sound very much like you…
Kanon: It does feel very much like Kokoro to not have to rely on photos or books.
Misaki: Well, Kokoro doesn't seem like she has dreams with negative contents, so maybe it is as simple as having the mindset that you're going to have a fun dream.
Kokoro: That's right! I only ever have fun dreams!
Kokoro: Also, everyone from Hello Happy always appears in my dreams! So the fun dreams get even more fun!
Kaoru: Such an honor, to be a guest of Kokoro's dreams each and every day.
Hagumi: I'm glad too! So are we performing in your dreams every night?
Kokoro: Yeah, we do perform a lot of live shows. We also fly through the sky and go on adventures.
Hagumi: Sounds fun~! I also want to see Kokoron's dream!
Kokoro: Yes, it's extremely fun! It's so fun I wish everyone here could see them with me!
Kokoro: … Hmm? If that's the case, would the members in my dreams meet the ones here right now?
Hagumi: There'll be two of us~!? What would happen then~!?
Kaoru: Us who dwell within Kokoro's dreams, huh… Dream people… truly fleeting…! Ahh, this truly is the meaning of fleeting!
Misaki: Sounds like everyone's having fun…
Misaki: I guess I'll just try all the methods everyone's taught me earlier…
Kanon: Yes, maybe give that a try first?
Misaki: Yeah, I'll give it a shot. I wish I could have fun dreams simply by wishing for them just like Kokoro, but I think that might be beyond me.
Kanon: Hehe, that's fine. There's also things like relaxing aromas and bath salts, so I'll send you some recommendations over text later.
Misaki: Kanon-san, that'd be a great help! With all that, I'm definitely going to do my best to have a good dream.
Hagumi: With all this excitement, I feel like we can really have a fun performance!
Kaoru: Ah, me too.
Kokoro: You two are the best, Hagumi, Kaoru! Now let's get started with practice!
Misaki: Well, guess I got to put that aside and focus on practice for now.
Kanon: Hehe, that's right. Shall we begin?


<Have a Wonderful Dream Pt. 2>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Several Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: We're coming in! Kokoron, we're here!
Kanon: Huh? It looks like she's not here yet.
Kaoru: She's usually out here greeting us with the full force of the sun in her smile, what could be the matter?
Kanon: Could something be wrong? It's rare for Kokoro-chan to be late to a Hello Happy meeting.
Misaki: She also isn't the type to oversleep.
Hagumi: I'm a bit worried~ Why don't we all go look for her in her room?
Kanon: Yeah. We should go ask the housekeepers about her too.
Misaki: I hope nothing's wrong…
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Hagumi: Kokoron, are you there~?
Kokoro: Hmm, hmm….♪
Misaki: Kokoro, I'm opening the door, okay?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Tralala~♪ Falala...♪
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, you were in your room all along… What are you doing?
Kokoro: …? Oh...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Why's everyone gathered here?
Misaki: What do you mean why? We were supposed to have a meeting about our live show today.
Kokoro: Oh no, it's already that time?!
Kaoru: As long as Kokoro is alright, all is at ease. That aside, you seemed to be having a lot of fun sketching.
Misaki: What were you sketching?
Kokoro: Misaki, you said you wanted to see some fun dreams, right? So I'm sketching the fun dreams I saw so you can see them!
Hagumi: Woah… We're soaring in the pink sky~! With wings on our backs!
Kanon: Is this picture a sketch of us having a tea party with animals? There's a rabbit and a fox, and even Pen-chan.
Kaoru: Misaki, with these sketches of such wondrous dreams, surely you too shall dream of such visions?
Misaki: It does feel that way. Thank you, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Misaki, are there any that you like in particular?
Misaki: Hmm, let's see… Oh, maybe this one? Is that us doing a live show with colorful monsters? Looks fun.
Kokoro: Oh, that's not a dream that I saw.
Misaki: Huh? Then what's that?
Kokoro: That's an idea I'd like to try out for our live show!
Misaki: Hold up, an idea? This?
Kokoro: While sketching all the dreams I had, I got all excited and ideas for our live shows just started popping up!
Kokoro: So I also started sketching out any live show ideas that came to mind!
Kaoru: I see. Kokoro's ideas are truly as fascinating as dreams, fun and unbound by convention.
Kokoro: I got more excited as I drew, and ended up losing track of time.
Misaki: Kokoro.
Kokoro: What's the matter?
Misaki: This one, performing while crossing a rainbow, was that a dream?
Kokoro: Yep, that's right!
Misaki: Then what about this one, performing with giant monsters and ghosts?
Kokoro: That's something I want to try! I'm sure the smiles on monsters and ghosts would look amazing too. Don't you want to try seeing that?
Misaki: And this one with the marshmallow drums and chocolate guitars and stuff, this one was a dream, right?
Kokoro: That's one I want to try too! A musical instrument made out of candy would surely make such a sweet and happy sound!
Misaki: It's amazing, I can't even begin to tell what's a dream or an idea for a live show…
Kanon: Hehe… They all seem like dreams, but also seem like something we could see in our actual live shows, how marvelous.
Hagumi: Hagumi wants to try playing on a candy instrument too! What should a bass guitar taste like?
Kaoru: My guitar would surely have a rich sweetness with a hint of bitterness… Such a truly fleeting taste.
Kokoro: My microphone would be an ice cream! Sweet and crunchy!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, how about the DJ set that Michelle would be using?
Misaki: We're really gonna put a taste to it? And Kanon-san, surely not you too?
Kanon: I thought a microphone in the shape of an ice cream was kind of cute.
Misaki: Well that might be true… Marshmallow drums also seem like they would put out a cute sound.
Kokoro: That’s right! It'd be a fun sound like poyo~n! And the cymbals gotta be pancakes!
Kokoro: And so the stage would be something like a huge plate?
Kaoru: Oh, that sounds fun…! And us performers, would appear as though we were pastry chefs.
Kokoro: We could make the stage look like a tin full of sweets too! Hmm, what kind of live show should we do? I'm all excited thinking about it!
Misaki: … Can't stop you when you get like this. Well, we were supposed to have a meeting about the live show today, so let's think about how much of that we can make reality.
Kanon: Yes! Let's do that! I'll start collating everyone's ideas in my notebook.
Kokoro: Hey everyone, what do you think about a live show like this?
Kokoro: We'll have a jack-in-the-box full of sweets, and we'll burst flying out of it! There'll be a delicious marshmallow drum set, a sweet guitar, and…
(White cut)
(Background change)
