2022_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R5 Hearts in Harmony

Gacha phrase: This heavy feeling... It was how you felt, wasn’t it?

<What Charley Likes>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Everyone’s here, right? Time for a Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Misaki: Yeah yeah. I’m guessing this is about that thing.
Kokoro: That’s right! We’re all going to think about how to spend summer break with Charley!
Hagumi: Ooh, that sounds fun! I’m super excited~!
Kaoru: Ah, such a fleeting yet beautiful suggestion... Let us all bring a smile to Charlotte-chan’s face.
Kokoro: Alright, let’s start tossing out ideas!
Kanon: Um, how about... a day trip somewhere? I bet that would be really fun.
Misaki: Oh, I like that. It’s very summery too.
Misaki: Since she came all the way to Japan, it’d be nice to show Misono-san some famous spots.
Kokoro: Those are both wonderful ideas! In that case, I’ll...
Kokoro: Got it! Misaki, give me your pen!
Misaki: Here you go.
Kanon: Whoa, the whiteboard’s already filling up with drawings!
Kokoro: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪
Misaki: A ferris wheel, a roller coaster... I see where this is going.
Hagumi: Ooh! I think spinning teacups would be fun too!
Kokoro: Great idea! Let’s keep drawing out whatever fun things come to mind!
Kaoru: Hmm... Then I’ll draw a merry-go-round. The beautiful view from atop a wooden horse is sure to become a cherished memory for Charlotte-chan.
Misaki: Yeah yeah, so basically we’re going to an amusement park, right?
Kanon: Fufu, Kokoro-chan’s drawings look more joyful than usual.
Kokoro: ...?
Misaki: What’s up, Kokoro? You suddenly stopped drawing.
Kokoro: I wonder if Charley even likes amusement parks?
Misaki: Oh...
Kanon: That’s true. She might prefer somewhere calm and relaxing.
Kokoro: In that case... how about this?
Hagumi: Ooh, it’s like... floaty, then zip~! And at the end it’s all sparkly!
Misaki: I see... So we all go swimming at the beach, eat shaved ice, and watch the sunset together.
Kokoro: Exactly! That beach trip we all took together was so much fun! I just know Charley will love it too!
Hagumi: ...! Hey, Kokoron, what if Chari-rin doesn’t like the beach either!?
Kokoro: Hmm... You’ve got a point. In that case—
(Black cut)
Misaki: We’ve drawn up a bunch of stuff already... So let’s wrap today’s meeting by saying we’ll ask Misono-san what she wants to do.
Kokoro: We came up with so many fun ideas!
Kanon: Ahaha... Though by the end, I couldn’t even tell what we were drawing anymore...
Misaki: Well, I jotted down everything I could make sense of. I’d say we got something useful out of it.
Kaoru: Yeah. I’m sure one of those ideas will be just right for Charlotte-chan.
Hagumi: I wonder which one Chari-rin will like best? I can’t wait to find out, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Me too! Let’s go ask her right now!
Misaki: Whoa whoa, it’s already late—ask her tomorrow. Still... Kokoro, you’ve changed.
Kokoro: Changed? You think so?
Misaki: Yeah. The old you would’ve just assumed that if you think something’s fun, then Misono-san would too.
Misaki: But today, it felt like you were really thinking about her feelings.
Kokoro: Of course I was!
Kokoro: I made Charley feel lonely for so long... so now I want to share as much fun with her as I can!
Misaki: Kinda forceful, but hey, that’s still a big step for you.
Kanon: Fufu, I hope Charlotte-chan gets to have the best summer break ever.
Kokoro: Me too! ...Ah, I just came up with another idea!
Hagumi: Huh? What is it, Kokoron?
Kaoru: Fufu... Your ideas never stop, do they? Allow me to add a touch of elegance to this one as well.
Misaki: Ugh... I really thought the meeting was over...
Kanon: Misaki-chan. Why don’t we keep thinking a little longer too?
Misaki: You too, Kanon-san...? Geez, you’re all impossible...
Kokoro: Fufu... Let’s make this the brightest, happiest summer break ever!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Still Chasing Smiles Today>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kokoro: Hello, Marina! {{userName}}!
Marina: Hi, Kokoro-chan. What brings you here today?
Kokoro: I just went to greet the kindergarten where we'll be performing our next live! I handed the teacher a list of songs we'll be playing.
Kokoro: For this live, we picked songs that’ll bring tons and tons of smiles to everyone!
Marina: Wow, that sounds great. I'm sure it'll be a really fun concert.
Kokoro: Thank you, Marina!
Kokoro: Oh, that's right. Before our next Hello, Happy World! meeting, I need to figure out how we can make the kids at the kindergarten smile even more!
Kokoro: Marina, {{userName}}, do you have any good ideas?
Marina: Hmm... If the setlist’s already decided, maybe think of ways to make the show more exciting?
Kokoro: Ways to make it more exciting... Hmm...
Kokoro: I’ve got it! What if we invite everyone up on stage to sing Hello, Happy World! songs with us?
Kokoro: We could prepare toy instruments and let any kids who want to join in play along too!
Marina: That sounds awesome! I bet the kids would love it!
Marina: Come to think of it, didn’t you and the others do a live show at school recently? I heard that one was a big success too.
Kokoro: It was such a fun live! Everyone was smiling, and I even made up with Charley.
Marina: That's wonderful. I'm glad you two made up.
Kokoro: Yeah! I thought long and hard about how to make up with Charley.
Kokoro: When I asked Misaki and the others, they knew all sorts of ways to patch things up. They were amazing!
Marina: I see, so you ended up learning a lot from it. What did you end up doing, Kokoro?
Kokoro: At first, I tried copying what everyone else did and tried the same thing with Charley. But she said that wasn’t right.
Kokoro: So I thought a lot about Charley.
Kokoro: I wondered why she couldn’t smile... Why she was upset... I really thought about it.
Marina: I see... So what did you figure out?
Kokoro: At first it was all fuzzy... But I knew that fuzzy feeling, and then I realized something.
Kokoro: Charley must have been feeling lonely.
Kokoro: So I told her I was sorry for making her feel that way.
Kokoro: And from now on, I'm going to play with her a whole bunch so she never feels lonely again!
Kokoro: I want to go all sorts of places with her over summer break! Festivals, Happy Happy Island, patrols... I just know she’ll smile!
Marina: Fufu. Sounds like it's going to be a fun summer.
Kokoro: Mmmmmmmm~! Just talking about it is making me feel all antsy! I'm gonna go ask Charley to hang out right now!
Marina: Have fun! Tell Charlotte-chan I said hi!
