2086_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R5 Fast Friends!

Gacha phrase: Fufu, I think we’ll get along wonderfully!

<Handmade Aquarium>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Let’s build an aquarium!!
Misaki: ...Huh?
Hagumi: Kokoron, you’re building an aquarium!? Where, where!?
Kokoro: Of course, right here at my house! That way, we can all play at the aquarium anytime we want!
Kaoru: As expected of Kokoro, what a fleetingly bold proposal.
Misaki: Wait, wait! What are you even saying all of a sudden!?
Kanon: So this is what you wanted to talk about in today’s Hello, Happy World! meeting.
Kokoro: Yes! Helping out at the aquarium with everyone the other day was so much fun! I’ve grown to love aquariums even more!
Kokoro: That’s why we should build a Hello, Happy World! Aquarium too, and make tons of people smile!
Kanon: The Hello, Happy World! Aquarium...!
Misaki: Sigh... you know, it really was a lot of fun, but you saw it too on the backroom tour, right? Just how hard it is to care for and manage all the animals.
Misaki: It’s not just fun—you have to think about their health and a lot of other things.
Kokoro: Then let’s all think together about how to make it happen!
Hagumi: Yeah! I think it’ll be really tough, just like Mii-kun says...
Hagumi: But if there was an aquarium at Kokoron’s house, it would be super fun!
Kaoru: Ah, yes. Just like those little kitten-like aquarium staff, I’m sure you’ll be able to deepen your bond with the fish.
Misaki: Ah, that experience totally fired her up... At this rate, things might get out of hand, so could you say something to her too, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Um... would there be jellyfish at the Hello, Happy World! Aquarium?
Misaki: ...Huh?
Kokoro: Of course! The Hello, Happy World! Aquarium will have every kind of sea creature from all around the world!
Kanon: That means I could see all sorts of jellyfish anytime...
Kanon: And we could do the kind of work experience like before whenever we want...
Misaki: K-Kanon-san, not you too...!
Kokoro: Mmm~~~! I’m so excited now! Let’s go to the ocean right away and ask the fish to come to the Hello, Happy World! Aquarium!
Misaki: W-Wait! Um... right, how about we start with some image training?
Kokoro & Hagumi: Image training?
(Black cut)
Kokoro: ...Done!
Kanon: Wow, amazing. You’re really good at folding dolphins, Kokoro-chan.
Kanon: I made one too. How does it look?
Kokoro: Oh, your dolphin is pink, Kanon! It’s so lovely!
Hagumi: Yeah! Both dolphins are super cute!
Kaoru: Are these dolphins based on the ones you worked with at the show?
Kokoro: Yes! Look, Pippi’s big jump!
Kanon: Fufu, and Kyu-chan is great at swimming fast~.
Misaki: Fufufu, just moving these origami pieces reminds me of the show.
Hagumi: Look, look! I finished mine too!
Kokoro: What did you make?
Hagumi: It’s a tuna! I used shiny silver paper to make it look realistic!
Misaki: A tuna? Was there a tuna at that aquarium?
Hagumi: Nope! That’s why I wanted to invite one to the Hello, Happy World! Aquarium!
Kaoru: I see, you’re so kind, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Ehehe. What did you make, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Behold! Here’s mine.
Kanon: Ah, a clownfish...!
Hagumi: You said before that you really like them!
Kaoru: Yes, their adorable orange and white stripes, their expressive faces, and their delicate way of life completely captivate me.
Kokoro: Alright, Misaki, you’re up last!
Misaki: I made a shark. When I saw it swimming gracefully in the big tank, it really stuck with me.
Kokoro: Wonderful! I’m happy you brought along such a cool friend too!
Kokoro: Alright, let’s put everyone into the tank!
Hagumi: Wow, a huge sheet of paper! We’re using this as the aquarium tank, huh?
Kaoru: Ah, I see... we’ll place all of our folded friends here...
Kokoro: Ta-da! Done! This is our Hello, Happy World! Aquarium!
Misaki: Two dolphins, a tuna, a clownfish, and a shark... Ahaha, what a wild tank.
Kanon: But it looks like so much fun.
Kaoru: Yes, it’s a lively aquarium, very fitting for Hello, Happy World!.
Kanon: Now I want to add Pen-chan too.
Hagumi: I want to invite the Burmese star tortoise too!
Misaki: Why not? We still have plenty of origami paper left.
Kokoro: Yes! Let’s invite more and more friends and complete our very own Hello, Happy World! Aquarium!


<Dream Aquarium Live!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Riverside]

Marina: Let’s see... that should be everything for the supplies. Glad we got it all.
Kokoro: Little fishies~♪ Little fishies♪ Where are you~?
Marina: Huh? Isn’t that Kokoro-chan over there?
Marina: Kokoro-chan! Don’t lean over the river like that, it’s dangerous.
Kokoro: Oh, Marina! {{userName}}! Perfect timing, let’s go look for the fish together!
Marina: Fish? You’re looking for fish?
Kokoro: Yes! After we went to the aquarium with everyone from Hello, Happy World!, I saw so many kinds of fish! So I thought there might be some here too.
Marina: Hmm, but I don’t think there are that many fish in this river.
Kokoro: Oh, really? That’s a shame.
Marina: Fufu. You must have had so much fun at the aquarium if you’re that eager to see more fish.
Kokoro: I did! The backroom tour, the job experience—it was all amazing!
Marina: I heard a bit about it from Kanon-chan too, but you got to be a dolphin show trainer, right?
Kokoro: Yes! Performing in front of a huge audience was so much fun!
Marina: That’s impressive! Weren’t there moments when the dolphins didn’t listen?
Kokoro: Not at all. I used to play with dolphins all the time on Happy Happy Island, so I became friends with Pippi, my partner, right away!
Marina: You played with dolphins since you were little... that’s so like you, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: But it was my first time performing tricks in front of a crowd and having them jump so high.
Marina: Fufu, I bet it was really exciting~.
Kokoro: Yes! Everyone who watched the show was smiling and clapping so much!
Kokoro: Together with Kanon, Pippi, and Kyu, we made so many people smile, and that made me really happy!
Marina: Fufu, I see. I’m glad you had such a wonderful experience.
Kokoro: So I thought of something! I want to do a Hello, Happy World! live together with our friends at the aquarium! That way, we can make even more people smile!
Marina: Eh!? You mean... like doing a live show while putting on a dolphin show at the same time?
Kokoro: Not just dolphins. The penguins could march along to our songs, and the jellyfish could dance in circles...
Kokoro: If we could perform with all our aquarium friends, it would be so much fun!
Marina: Ahaha, just hearing you say it makes me excited too. I feel like you all might actually pull it off somehow.
Kokoro: When the time comes, you have to come watch us too, Marina!
Kokoro: Now that it’s settled, I’ll bring it up in today’s Hello, Happy World! meeting! See you later, Marina, {{userName}}.
Marina: Yeah, see you, Kokoro-chan!
Marina: Fufu. A live show with the aquarium animals... with Hello, Happy World!, they really might pull it off someday.
