2352_Kokoro Tsurumaki_R4 Requests Pouring In!

Skill name: Wishes and Wild Dreams!
Gacha phrase: Incredible! The wonderful ideas just keep coming!

<Our Very Own Prince>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Kaoru: Great work, everyone. That was a fleeting yet fulfilling rehearsal.
Kaoru: At this rate, we should be able to deliver the ultimate show to all the little kittens who visit Kaoru Seta Land...!
Kanon: All right, let's take a break soon. We've still got other things we need to prepare, after all.
Hagumi: ...
Kaoru: Hagumi? Is something on your mind?
Hagumi: Um, Kaoru-kun... Was Hagumi's acting just now really okay?
Kaoru: Ah, of course. It was a wonderfully fleeting performance.
Hagumi: Oh... Yeah, if Kaoru-kun says so, then it's fine!
Hagumi: All right! Hagumi's gonna go get some fresh air! That'll clear my head up, right?!
Michelle (Misaki): This is already outside, though~... And she's gone.
Kaoru: Hmm... In that case, perhaps I'll cool down a bit as well. Excuse me.
Kanon: Do you think Hagumi-chan will be okay...? I'm a little worried.
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah...
Kokoro: Hmmm...
Michelle (Misaki): Kokoro-chan, you've been thinking really hard this whole time... Are you worried about Hagumi-chan?
Kokoro: That's right. I've been worrying about it forever.
Kokoro: After all, when it comes to the scenes where we use magic, I think everyone's smiles would be even bigger if we actually had explosions, or flew around the sky!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh?! That?!
Michelle (Misaki): I-I mean, changing the play's staging this late is gonna be pretty hard, isn't it~?
Kokoro: Is it? You won't know until you try!
Michelle (Misaki): No, no, no, no, no...
Michelle (Misaki): (If I agree with Kokoro here... Just imagining what might happen is terrifying...)
Kokoro: It's a play set in a world where magic exists. I want to show everyone the most wonderful magic ever!
Michelle (Misaki): Magical effects are important, but~ Michelle's worried about Hagumi, too~.
Kokoro: Oh? What are you worried about?
Kanon: Um... Hagumi-chan seemed like something was bothering her earlier, and... didn't it feel like she couldn't really focus on practice?
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, she got stuck on her lines a few times and the play came to a stop.
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, yeah. It looked like the princess's lines were tough for her~.
Michelle (Misaki): So, um... I was thinking maybe Hagumi-chan feels like the princess role just doesn't suit her~...
Kokoro: Is that so? Hagumi is suuuper cute. I'm sure she'd be perfect as a princess!
Michelle (Misaki): Michelle thinks so too~! But Hagumi-chan seemed a little thrown off by having to say cute lines...
Kokoro: It'll be fine! If Hagumi runs into trouble, Kaoru will help her.
Kokoro: After all, Kaoru's the prince!
Michelle (Misaki): I mean, sure, but still~...
Kokoro: And even if Kaoru can't help, then I'll save them both!
Kokoro: And if I can't, then Kanon and Michelle... And Misaki will help too, so it'll be fine!
Michelle (Misaki): Kokoro-chan...
Kanon: ...Fufu. If Kokoro-chan says so, I'm sure it'll be okay!
Michelle (Misaki): ...Yeah. Kokoro-chan might be right.
Kokoro: Right? So I still think the magic scene should be even more~ flashy!
Michelle (Misaki): Back to that again?!
Kokoro: I'm gonna go talk to Kaoru and the people in black too! I'll tell them we should make the play's magic even more~ flashy!
Michelle (Misaki): ...There she goes. Geez...
Michelle (Misaki): ...Huh? Wait a second.
Kanon: What's wrong, Misaki-chan?
Michelle (Misaki): In the play, the one getting hit by all that magic... is mainly the villain, Michelle, right...?
Kanon: Ah... then at this rate, Michelle might end up exploding... or having to fly through the air...?
Michelle (Misaki): Th-this is bad...! Kokoro-cha~n! Wait up~!


<The Kaoru Seta World Plan>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Park]

Marina: The meeting with Ririko-san went smoothly. You helped a ton by sharing your ideas too.
Kokoro: Hmm... Something still feels off. Why is that...?
Marina: Huh, Kokoro-chan? What are you doing out here?
Kokoro: Oh! It's Marina and the others! Hello! Are you out for a walk?
Marina: Nope. I just had something to do at RiNG. We're heading back now. What about you? You were staring at the slide...
Kokoro: The slide at Kaoru Seta Land we played on the other day was so much fun, I wanted to feel that excitement again!
Kokoro: So I started by going down the slide at this park.
Marina: Oh, I heard about that from Hagumi-chan and the others. You made it for Kaoru-san's fans, right?
Marina: I heard there were a bunch of attractions, but there was a slide too?
Kokoro: It wasn't just any slide! While you're going down, no matter where you look, you can see Kaoru's face. It's a special slide!
Marina: Kaoru-san everywhere, huh. Those fans must've been thrilled~
Kokoro: They were! Everyone who came out of the slide had the biggest smiles.
Kokoro: I had so much fun too, I went down it again and again!
Kokoro: The slide at this park is fun too... but it feels kind of different.
Kokoro: I feel like I was even more excited when I went down the one at Kaoru Seta Land. It's the same kind of slide, so why is that?
Marina: Hmm... I think not having any pictures of Kaoru-san might be part of it too, but...
Marina: Maybe it was extra fun because everyone worked so hard to build the Seta Kaoru Land slide together.
Kokoro: ! That's gotta be it! Marina, what a wonderful idea!
Kokoro: Then that means once Seta Kaoru World is finished, it'll be even moooore fun!
Marina: Seta Kaoru World...?
Kokoro: A place where Kaoru fans all over the world can have fun!
Kokoro: We're talking with everyone in Hello, Happy World! right now about building something bigger and more fun than Seta Kaoru Land!
Marina: All over the world, huh... Hello, Happy World! really thinks big.
Kokoro: Fufu, what kind of place should it be? Something even more wonderful and more fun than Seta Kaoru Land... A place that makes everyone smile even more!
Kokoro: I know! What if we show Kaoru's movies in a dome, so people can watch them anytime, all day long?!
Marina: Fufu, that does sound like fun.
Kokoro: Right? I need to talk it over with Kaoru and the others right away. Marina, {{userName}}, see you again!
Marina: Huh, Kokoro-chan...? ...She's gone.
Marina: But... when Kokoro-chan says it, somehow it feels like it could really happen. Funny, isn't it?
Marina: ...All right. Let's take a page out of Kokoro-chan's book and do our best this afternoon with lots of energy!
