event136-02 Chapter 1: Tomoe Getting Interviewed?!

Tomoe receives a request for an interview. Tsugumi can't contain her excitement.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato)

[The Next Day - Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Himari: Okay, we're gonna go and buy some drinks!
Tomoe: Got it. Me and Tsugu will head up to the roof then.
Himari: See you later~!
Maya: Ah, Udagawa-san! I'm glad I didn't miss you.
Tomoe: Maya-senpai?
Maya: I have something I want to talk to you about, but do you have time?
Tomoe: To me? Yeah, now's fine...
Maya: So, I actually talked about Afterglow in a magazine interview that came out recently, and-
Tomoe: Ah, you mean "Melody Musix"? I just saw it yesterday!
Tomoe: You praised us a whole lot, so... Thank you!
Maya: If you've already seen it, then that makes this so much easier!
Maya: Yesterday, somebody from Melody Musix contacted me saying they wanted to interview you.
Tomoe: Huh, an interview...?
Tomoe: Whaaat~?!
Tsugumi: M-Maya-senpai, what is this about?
Maya: You know how I talked about Girl Jam and Udagawa-san in my interview?
Maya: Well, it seems like someone at the magazine took an interest in my story about Udagawa-san.
Tomoe: F-for real...?
Maya: And so they said they want to feature Udagawa-san in their column where they introduce band members of up-and-coming girl bands.
Maya: It's a very popular column among their readers.
Tsugumi: I know that column! I always read it. Wait...
Tsugumi: Is Tomoe-chan going to be in that column...? Wow, that's amazing!
Tomoe: But that person didn't actually see me perform, did they? So then why...?
Maya: No, apparently the person who decided to interview you actually saw you play at Girl Jam.
Maya: They said they could feel your passion through your performance, and that they were entranced by the sight of you.
Maya: And they also said they haven't seen a drummer as intense as you in a while!
Tomoe: Y-you sure they weren't just exaggerating...?
Maya: Not at all! After all, I was also one of the people hypnotized by your enthusiasm.
Maya: I watched you stir up your bandmates with your fiery, aggressive performance...
Maya: They say that the drummer is the backbone of the band, but during that performance, you were all that and more!
Tomoe: M-Maya-senpai, could you keep it down? Everybody's looking at us...
Tsugumi: That's right! Tomoe-chan's drumming is really incredible!
Tomoe: Ts-Tsugu?!
Tsugumi: It's like the sound of your drums pushes us forward and raises our spirits...
Tsugumi: Then I really get into playing and start thinking, "I want to sound even better," and, "I want everyone in the audience to hear our music!"
Maya: I could tell~. At Girl Jam, all of your faces were positively glowing!
Tsugumi: Yes! Thanks to Tomoe-chan, we always enjoy ourselves when we play!
Tomoe: O-okay! I get it, so keep your voices down... Everybody's looking at us...!
Tsugumi: Huh...? Ah.
Tsugumi: S-sorry. I got a little carried away after hearing what Maya-senpai had to say...
Maya: I got a bit overexcited too. Sorry...
Maya: So, Udagawa-san... what will you do about the interview?
Tomoe: I honestly have no idea. Hmm~...
Maya: It is a bit difficult to make a decision on the spot. I understand that. I'll tell them you need a little time to think about it.
Maya: Here... This is the business card of the person from Melody Musix. Once you've decided on your answer, send them an email.
Tomoe: Thank you. Sorry I'm being a bit indecisive.
Maya: It was so sudden, so it's only natural. Please think it over before you decide.
Maya: Anyhow, I'd better get going. Thank you for taking the time to hear me out!
