event136-05 Chapter 4: I'm So Uncool...

CHU² observes the interview and shares her shocking opinion.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chiyu Tamade)

[Interview - Break Time]

[Inner City Live House]

Tomoe: Phew. I'm pooped~.
Ran: It's going well, Tomoe. Keep it up.
Himari: Oh~, Tomoe~. I can't believe you're answering so smoothly~.
Moca: I knew you could do it if you put your mind to it, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, thanks. So far, so good.
Tsugumi: ...
Ran: Tsugumi? What's wrong?
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah. No, it's nothing!
Tsugumi: Actually, I was thinking of going to buy a drink, but would you like one, Tomoe-chan?
Tomoe: Ah. Then I'll come with you. I wanna get some fresh air.
Himari: We'll be waiting here!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Outside the Live House]

Tomoe: Mm~, this breeze feels good~.
Tomoe: The heat was up a bit too high in the studio~. It made my mind go blank halfway through. I wasn't sure what to do.
Tsugumi: (I wonder what felt so strange during the interview before...? I can't stop thinking about it...)
Tomoe: You know, you really saved me, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: ... Huh? How?
Tomoe: You gave me your copies of Melody Musix! Thanks to that, the interview's going great!
Tomoe: I read a bunch of people's interviews, and I realized there's lots of ways to explain how the audience becomes one with your music.
Tomoe: It really helped!
Tsugumi: So that's why you were using words you don't normally use.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, it's you two...
Tomoe: Ah, CHU²!
CHU² (Chiyu): What are you doing out here? What about your interview?
Tomoe: We're on a break right now. How 'bout you?
CHU² (Chiyu): My appointment has ended.
CHU² (Chiyu): We had the most superb discourse. That live house has some good personnel.
Tomoe: Right. Ah, if you've got time, come watch the rest of my interview. My break's almost over anyway.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm fine. There's no merit in listening to such a boring interview.
Tomoe: Huh...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Am I wrong? Nothing you said in there were your own words.
Tomoe: My own words...? What're you talking about? I said every single one of 'em!
CHU² (Chiyu): The drummer is the unsung hero of the band.
Tomoe: Hm?
CHU² (Chiyu): A steady rhythm is what makes a performance come to life. "The enthusiasm created by our music spread throughout the whole venue."
CHU² (Chiyu): I have read all of these phrases in past interviews with Melody Musix.
Tsugumi: ...!
Tomoe: Huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): It is not a bad thing to study up for an interview.
CHU² (Chiyu): But any words you borrow will, of course, be fake. They do not hold enough vigor to touch the hearts of readers.
Tsugumi: ... I see. So that's what that feeling was...
Tomoe: Tsugu...?
Tsugumi: Sorry, Tomoe-chan... To tell you the truth, I felt like something was off that whole time.
Tsugumi: During your interview, it sounded like you were borrowing someone else's words...
Tsugumi: Even though you were the one speaking them, it's like I was hearing someone else say them...
Tomoe: N-no way...
Tsugumi: I'm so sorry... It must be because I told you to look at what other people had said in their interviews... So it's not your fault, Tomoe-chan...
Tomoe: I see... So I've been using someone else's words all this time...
Tomoe: That's so uncool of me...
CHU² (Chiyu): Afterglow's performance at Girl Jam was splendid.
Tomoe: Huh... You saw it?
CHU² (Chiyu): A performance at an event as big as Girl Jam? Of course I checked it out.
CHU² (Chiyu): I could feel the audience's excitement through the screen. I felt my chest swell as I imagined... how far this band could go.
CHU² (Chiyu): And yet... one of the band members can't even answer interview questions in her own words...
CHU² (Chiyu): It seems like that performance was a one-time-only miracle. I can't believe I couldn't see through such a facade.
Tomoe: ...! A facade? Are you talking about us...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. Who else would I be referring to?
Tomoe: D-don't mess with me! Afterglow is not fake! Take it back...!
Tomoe: You can say what you want about me... but I'll never forgive you for making fun of Afterglow!
CHU² (Chiyu): That is fine. I don't particularly need your forgiveness.
CHU² (Chiyu): Anyhow, I must be taking my leave. Farewell.
Tomoe: W-wait... Argh!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
(Black cut)
