event136-04 Chapter 3: A Surprise Visitor

Tomoe prepares herself for the interview. Her answers go smoothly, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chiyu Tamade)

[The Weekend - Day of the Interview]

[Inner City Live House]

Himari: Hngh~, I'm so nervous~.
Moca: Hii-chan, keep it down~. I know you haven't had breakfast yet, but you're being too noisy~.
Himari: I ate breakfast!
Ran: You know, I thought this the other day, but why are you nervous, Himari?
Ran: Tomoe's the one being interviewed. We're just here to watch.
Himari: I know, but I can't help it~.
Tsugumi: Our friend is the one being interviewed, so I know how you feel. I've been feeling a bit restless too.
Tomoe: On the other hand, I feel fine. Probably cause you're doing all the worrying for me, Himari.
Ran: I guess you could say that watching others panic calms the mind.
Moca: Way to go, leader. You're so inspiring~.
Himari: That didn't sound like a compliment at all!
Moca: But I wonder why they're interviewing you at a live house, Tomo-chin~. I didn't expect them to choose a place like this.
Tomoe: Well, they said something about taking a photo of me on the drums, so maybe that's why?
Tomoe: But man, the Melody Musix person sure is taking their time. It's almost time for us to meet, but I don't se- Oh?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! It's you guys...
Tsugumi: CHU²-chan! What are you doing here?
CHU² (Chiyu): I have an appointment. RAS plans on doing a solo show here next month.
Ran: You're not doing it at dub?
CHU² (Chiyu): We don't always have to perform at dub. We will play anywhere that is suitable for RAS.
CHU² (Chiyu): And what are you all doing here?
Himari: We're here for an interview!
CHU² (Chiyu): An interview?
Himari: Yeah! It's for a column in this music magazine called Melody Musix.
CHU² (Chiyu): Melody Musix... I've seen it before. So they're gonna feature you in the magazine...
Tsugumi: Ah, but Tomoe-chan is the only one being interviewed! It's not an Afterglow interview.
Himari: Isn't that amazing~? Our Tomoe was chosen out of everyone else~!
Moca: Our drummer is our pride and joy~. Aren't you, Tomo-chin~?
Tomoe: You two, cut it out~. You're embarrassing me~.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I'll come observe your interview later.
Ran: Huh? You will?
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't worry, I have no intention of interrupting. I'll see you then.
Himari: Observe your interview...? What's up with her?
Ran: Who knows? Maybe she's just interested?
Interviewer: My apologies for being late. You are Tomoe Udagawa, yes? I am here on behalf of Melody Musix...
Tomoe: Ah, thank you for inviting me today!
Interviewer: Thank you for agreeing to the interview. Now, let's head to the studio. This way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Interviewer: Now, I'd like to begin the interview.
Interviewer: Udagawa-san, you are the drummer of Afterglow. As a drummer, is there anything you are particular about when you perform?
Tomoe: Something I'm particular about...? Let's see~. Well, the drummer is like the unsung hero of a band, right?
Tomoe: So, first, I've gotta be conscious of whether my band members can feel comfortable playing with me!
Interviewer: And what exactly do you mean by this...?
Tomoe: Hmm, well, keeping the rhythm and stuff for starters~. After all, a steady rhythm is what makes a performance come to life! Also...
Himari: Wow, wow! Tomoe's answers are perfect.
Ran: It's going well. Not bad, Tomoe.
Moca: So she was prepared, after all~. Good, good.
Tsugumi: (Just as everyone said, it is going well... but why do I have this strange feeling...?)
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
Tsugumi: O-oh, CHU²-chan? When did you get here...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Just now. I'm taking a quick break from my appointment, I came by to observe.
Himari: CHU²-chan, you've come at a good time~! Tomoe's interview has just begun!
Interviewer: The other day, I watched footage of your performance at Girl Jam. The audience really loved Afterglow's performance.
Tomoe: Thank you!
Interviewer: I felt a certain passion from your drums that appeals to the heart, Udagawa-san. But how did you feel when you stood up on that stage?
Tomoe: Well, you see~... I was thinking, "man, the power of music is impressive~."
Interviewer: In what way?
Tomoe: I could distinctly feel the enthusiasm created by our music spread throughout the whole venue.
Tomoe: I won't ever forget the sensation of the audience merging with our music.
Himari: Oh, Tomoe, you're doing so well~!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I see.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll return to my appointment. Farewell, then.
Himari: Huh, already?! You should stay a little longer~.
Moca: That really was so sudden~.
Ran: Ah. It looks like Tomoe's about to take a break.
Moca: Now, let's go meet Tomo-chin~.
Tsugumi: ...
