event136-01 Opening: A Fever That Won't Break

Still pumped up from their Girl Jam performance, Tomoe and the others work hard in practice.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Tomoe: Wait... Didn't we sound way better than before?!
Himari: You thought so too, Tomoe? That's what I thought! This time was way better.
Moca: Wow~, to think we've improved this much... We're geniuses~.
Tsugumi: I'm not too sure about that, but I feel like we are one step closer to achieving the perfect performance!
Ran: Same here. What should we play next?
Tomoe: What haven't we practiced today...? "ONE OF US"?
Himari: Ah, wait a minute. Shouldn't we take a break soon?
Tsugumi: That's right... We've been in the studio for two hours, but we haven't taken one yet.
Moca: Okay, so, break time~?
Tomoe: I wanna keep going for a bit. It'd kinda be a waste to stop now~.
Ran: I agree with Tomoe. We're all in good form today. I want to sing a little more.
Moca: No objections from me.
Tsugumi: Then how about we take a break after "ONE OF US"?
Tomoe: Yeah, sounds good! Here we go. One, two, three!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Break Time]

Himari: Phew~, I'm exhausted~.
Tsugumi: You sounded good, Himari-chan. Here, have some juice.
Himari: Thanks, Tsugu~. ... Ahh~, that's better~!
Himari: I never thought we'd keep going and do three more songs after "ONE OF US"~.
Moca: Tomo-chin kept on going every time we tried to take a break~.
Tomoe: My bad, my bad. Once I started playing, I couldn't stop.
Ran: You've been practicing a lot lately, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: You were even practicing on your own yesterday before band practice, weren't you?
Himari: Yeah~. You're so fired up~!
Tomoe: I can't explain it very well, but ever since Girl Jam, I just can't sit still~.
Tomoe: When I practice, it's like I just lose control of myself...
Tsugumi: I think I know what you mean. Girl Jam was really something.
Tsugumi: The cheers were sparse at first, but then they got louder and louder, and the audience got more and more excited...
Tomoe: Yeah, yeah! It was like watching the audience becoming one with our sound!
Tomoe: When I think back to Girl Jam, this feeling wells up inside me~. It's like, "I wanna play drums!"
Himari: Even so, practicing for more than two hours is overdoing it~.
Tomoe: Yeah... Sorry about that. I'll be more careful next time.
Tsugumi: Ah, that reminds me... Here it is!
Ran: Tsugumi, what's that magazine?
Tsugumi: It's a music magazine called "Melody Musix." I buy it every month, but there's something I want you to look at on this page...
Himari: Where, where~? ... Ah, it's Pastel＊Palettes! It says here they're this month's cover story!
Moca: Ah, the special feature~. Pastel＊Palettes sure have gained momentum recently~.
Ran: Ah... Here. Maya-san is talking about us.
Tomoe: She is! She was asked, "What's something memorable you've seen recently?" And she said Afterglow!
Himari: "There's a girl band called Afterglow, and their performance at Girl Jam was just incredible!" Wow!
Moca: Ohh~. I can't believe Maya-senpai talked about Girl Jam in a magazine~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! That's why I wanted to show it to you all!
Tomoe: Maya-senpai even came to our classroom the day after Girl Jam to tell us what she thought, remember?!
Himari: I remember! She was so excited.
Ran: It was a little embarrassing how everyone started looking at us though.
Moca: She raved on and on about Tomo-chin~.
Ran: Tomoe, didn't you go bright red when she said she respected you as a fellow drummer?
Tomoe: What was I supposed to do? I didn't think she was gonna say something so intense.
Himari: Ah, look, look! Maya-senpai even mentioned Tomoe in her interview!
Moca: "You don't hear passionate drumming like that very often! I was mesmerized by Afterglow's enthusiastic drummer!"
Ran: Huh. Well, that's nice.
Tomoe: D-don't read it out loud!
Tsugumi: I'm so glad she enjoyed our performance that much!
Ran: Yeah. It gives us some incentive for our next show too.
Himari: There have been a lot of good comments about us on social media since Girl Jam, so I feel like things might be going our way...!
Tomoe: We better ride this wave then! Let's get back to practice!
Tsugmi & Himari: Yeah~!
