event136-06 Chapter 5: Our Pride

Tomoe regathers her thoughts and returns to the interview. What does she say...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: Whaaat~?! CHU²-chan really said that to Tomoe~?!
Tsugumi: Yeah...
Moca: Well~, that was a bit extreme~.
Himari: A-and what about Tomoe...? Where is she right now?
Tsugumi: She said she needed to cool off, so she's still outside... She was quite angry, after all.
Ran: I can see how she would be after being told something like that.
Tsugumi: ... When it was just the two of us, Tomoe-chan said something to me.
Himari: What did she say...?
Tsugumi: She said she's sorry for making Afterglow look bad...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: Wh-what?! But you didn't do anything wrong...!
Tomoe: No, I did. Because of me, you all-...
Tomoe: Sorry. I need to cool off. Go back without me.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Moca: ... It really got to her, huh? Tomo-chin looks tough, but she's actually pretty easily influenced~.
Himari: She didn't even do anything wrong though...
Ran: There's no use in us getting upset over it. Let's think about what we can do for Tomoe right now.
Moca: Should I ask the person from Melody Musix to extend the break?
Ran: Yeah... I don't imagine it would go too well if she went back to the interview now.
Ran: Anyhow, let's bring it up when Tomoe gets ba-
Tomoe: I'm so sorry! Didn't mean to keep you waiting!
Himari & Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan! Tomoe!
Tomoe: Now, let's continue with the interview! What were we talking about again?
Interviewer: We were discussing Girl Jam. Let us continue...
Himari: ... Ah! The interview's started already?!
Moca: And who would've thought that Tomo-chin would initiate it...? What an unexpected development~.
Ran: Wait, doesn't Tomoe seem a little too eager?
Himari: You don't think... she's feeling desperate, do you?!
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan...
Interviewer: I'm repeating myself here, but your performance at Girl Jam was just excellent.
Interviewer: What kind of meaning did that show have for Afterglow?
Tomoe: Let's see~, hmmm~... Well, Girl Jam is in the past now.
Interviewer: Huh? In the past?
Tomoe: Past achievements tend to hang around inside your head, don't they?
Tomoe: Then you end up trying to chase after them... Even I was doing that just now.
Tomoe: But if you keep doing that, then I don't think you'll ever do better than you did in that moment.
Himari: H-huh? She's actually answering...?
Tsugumi: Y-yeah... And it feels kind of different from before. Her eyes are almost sparkling...
Tomoe: Sure, we gave Girl Jam our all, but that wasn't the end for us. We've gotta keep moving forward if we wanna put on shows even better than that one!
Tomoe: Or else, one day, we really will just become a facade of a band, and then we won't be able to reach our goal of putting on the ultimate show!
Interviewer: The ultimate show? What does Afterglow consider that to entail...?
Tomoe: Honestly, we're not even too sure about that yet... but I think not knowing is okay.
Tomoe: It's like a big serving of ramen! If you keep eating, it'll start disappearing, and eventually you'll get to the bottom of your bowl!
Interviewer: I-I see... So may I ask what brought about this goal, then?
Tomoe: It was Roselia's performance at Future World Fes. That made us feel pretty envious.
Tomoe: Our desire to put on a show as good as that just grew stronger and stronger...
Tomoe: And so we decided to do it, just like Roselia did!
Interviewer: So you mean... Afterglow is aiming to be like Roselia?
Tomoe: No, we aren't aiming to be like anybody else. Ah, but we do have rivals.
Interviewer: Which bands are you referring to?
Tomoe: All the girl bands of the world!
Ran, Tsugumi, Moca & Himari: ...!
Interviewer: All of them...?!
Tomoe: Our music is the coolest... That's what we're proud of, and that's why we're in this band.
Tomoe: No one can tell us any different. And if someone did, no matter who they might be, I'd have to fight 'em!
Interviewer: F-fight...?
Tomoe: Ah, oops~. I mean fight them with music! Like playing against them to set them straight!
Tomoe: Afterglow won't run or hide. We'll step up to the challenge anytime. We'll let everyone know what we're capable of!
Interviewer: A-ahaha... That almost sounded like a declaration of war to all the girl bands of the world.
Tomoe: A declaration of war! I love it!
Tomoe: We're gonna paint our rival bands in the colors of Afterglow, and make everybody recognize our music! How's that sound?!
Interviewer: I'm not sure how to respond to that...
Tomoe: What~? Come on, answer me properly~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Tomoe-chan has become the interviewer now.
Moca: You sure said it, Tomo-chin~.
Himari: Ugh~, after saying something like that, everyone is gonna look at us weirdly again~.
Tsugumi: But that was exhilarating! Tomoe-chan's words were so passionate...!
Ran: Make everybody recognize the music of Afterglow, huh? Nice. Not bad at all.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan really is so cool~.
(White cut)
