event136-07 Ending: Resolute Sunset

On the way home from the interview, the sunset lights the group's path.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After the Interview]

[Station Entrance]

Tomoe: Mm~, it's finally over! That actually went by pretty quickly~.
Himari: Ugh~, I can't believe you answered so recklessly~. The interviewer was at a loss halfway through, you know?
Moca: The next issue of Melody Musix comes out next month, right? I can't wait to see what people say about it online~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, my bad. I just kinda lost it.
Tomoe: I'm guessing you heard from Tsugu, but I made Afterglow look bad, right?
Tomoe: That really got to me. It was all my fault, and it's not fair to you guys...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Tomoe: CHU² called my interview boring.
Tomoe: She said I was trying to be someone I'm not... So I thought I'd just say everything in my own words instead.
Tomoe: So I said all of my feelings that were welling up inside me. It didn't matter if they didn't make sense, as long as I got them out.
Ran: It worked out though, didn't it? I think you did the right thing.
Moca: Ahaha, you've gotta be yourself, Tomo-chin~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! You were so cool! My heart is still pounding... It's like I'm full of energy!
Moca: Oh~, you've flicked Tsugu's Tsugurific Switch~.
Himari: What will you do if some other band reads your interview and actually wants to battle us?
Tomoe: Why, we'll accept, of course! It's pretty uncool to take back something once you've said it.
Ran: Right... I feel like we'd have no choice since Tomoe declared war like that.
Himari: Exactly~... But I guess that can't be helped. Tomoe's interview even got me all excited!
Tsugumi: Fufu, it seems we're going to be quite busy!
Tomoe: Yeah! Maybe battling it out with our pride on the line will become another "same as always" type of thing for us!
Moca: Ooh, that sounds like something cool you'd see in a manga~. Are we going to become experienced warriors~?
Moca: I can totally see it~. Hii-chan would hurl away any enemies standing in our way with a loud thud~.
Himari: I would not do that~!
Ran: Well, whoever we may face, all we need to do is play our music. That part won't change... right?
Tomoe: Yeah! And then we'll eventually get to do our ultimate show!
Tsugumi: Yeah!
Himari: Ooh~! I'm getting kinda fired up~!
Tsugumi: Me too! I want to put on a show right now!
Moca: Oh~, Tsugu's Tsugurific Switch was just turned up a notch~.
Ran: You say that, Moca, but you're getting pretty into this, aren't you?
Moca: Indubitably~. The Legend of Moca is about to begin~.
Himari: Ah! Look at that building!
Tsugumi: Whoa, it's beautiful~. It's like the city is being painted by the sunset...
Ran: We always see this view, but it feels kind of special today.
Moca: Well, we are called Afterglow, so maybe this is some sort of message to us~.
Tomoe: Ah, maybe it's something like this? "Just like this city, we'll paint the world in the colors of Afterglow."
Tsugumi, Moca, Ran & Himari: ...
Tomoe: A-at least gimme some sorta reaction!
Himari: But what are we even supposed to say to that...?
Ran: Hey, you said something like that in the interview too. Do you like that phrase? Honestly, it's a little cheesy.
Tomoe: It is not! I'm telling you, it's cool!
Tsugumi: I-I think it sounded good! It sums up what we are trying to do quite nicely!
Tomoe: Yeah, exactly! I knew you'd get it, Tsugu!
Himari: I guess if you put it like that... I'm starting to feel like it's a really impressive phrase.
Tomoe: Right~? Ah, then how's this? "We'll paint the world in the our own colors!"
Tomoe: Don't you think that's even cooler?
Ran: Yeah, yeah. sure.
Moca: Hey, more importantly, I'm hungry~.
Himari: In that case, let's eat something together before we go home!
Tomoe: I want ramen~. We haven't gone out for ramen together in ages!
Moca: Agreed! And I want to stop by Yamabuki Bakery afterwards.
Himari: I wanna go to the convenience store! Rimi told me they have some new seasonal sweets~♪
Ran: Wait, are we going to have bread and sweets after ramen?
Tsugumi: I better tell Mom I won't be needing dinner tonight.
Tomoe: Alright~, let's go!
