event239-05 Chapter 4: Declaration of War

Afterglow takes action to demonstrate their resolve to their rivals...!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Ran: ... I want to invite all the remaining bands scheduled to play in the GBT to the round we're playing in next.
Ran: We can use that show to get everyone in the GBT to notice us and see just how determined we are.
Tomoe: Good thinking... We can't play against every band, but we can get them to listen to our music.
Himari: I think we can easily talk to the bands that are in our block because we're all playing on the same day! ... But the problem is...
Tsugumi: RAS, right? They're not in our block, so they're scheduled for a different day.
Ran: Then, we can go give them tickets together.
Moca: Does that mean we're declaring war~?
Ran: We are. This'll be a challenge from us.
Ran: I don't care if they ignore us, because they're the ones who are going to be sorry if they count us out.
Moca: Ooh~, them's sound like fighting words~.
Tomoe: Ran's right. Let's tell them know how we feel. If they're serious about music, then I'm sure they'll come listen.
Tsugumi: Okay then, I'll message Rokka-chan now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Himari: I'm kind of nervous about giving RAS tickets.
Tsugumi: We've only just messaged Rokka-chan. Let's stay calm until the day we go to see them.
Tomoe: Well, we're going that way. See you tomorrow.
Himari & Tsugumi: See you!
Ran: See you tomorrow.
Ran: ... Moca? Why'd you stop?
Moca: Well~, I was just thinking about how big today's sunset is.
Ran: Ah... It really is. Yesterday's sunset was pretty too.
Moca: Where'd you see it from yesterday?
Ran: I think I was... on a street near downtown. I was on my way home from my flower-arrangement meeting.
Ran: You saw it from the roof with Tomoe and Tsugumi, right?
Moca: That's right~. Jealous, aren't you~?
Ran: Nah, I'll just catch a sunset with everyone next time.
Moca: Yeah, I guess so~. I'd really like the five of us to see one on the roof again~.
Moca: I love sunsets no matter where I see them, but the ones we see from the rooftop are special~.
Ran: They are. That spot holds a ton of memories for us.
Moca: But the rooftop didn't start off so special to us. Maybe it got that way because we spend so much time there~.
Ran: ... At first, it was just a place where I went to get away from things.
Ran: Then you came, and then Tomoe and the others... That's when the roof became our spot.
Ran: It became a special place for us because that's where our "same as always" grew.
Moca: Yep, the roof became something special and precious to us all~.
Ran: It did. We've had so many important talks on that roof.
Ran: ...
Ran: ... Hey, Moca. Let's play our guitars on the roof next time.
Moca: Nice~. It's been a while, but do you wanna battle it out and see who's the coolest~?
Ran: Fufu, we could... but all I wanted to do was just play with you.
Ran: I think it's more our style to play our guitars and speak through our music than for us to try talking about difficult things...
Moca: ...
Moca: Right, right~. That's because you're in love with the sound I make on my guitar~.
Ran: Excuse me? I never said anything like that.
Moca: What~? But you're Afterglow's talented producer, and you told me I was a guitarist with limitless potential, remember~?
Ran: You know I didn't say it like that. Anyway, what I'm trying to say is-
Moca: Sorry, sorry. I know what you mean.
Ran: Sigh~... That part of you really never changes.
Moca: Ehehe~, thanks~.
Ran: That wasn't a compliment.
Ran: Well, anyway... I'm so glad... I started playing guitar.
Moca: What makes you say that all of a sudden?
Ran: You said the same about yourself, but I didn't start playing guitar for any special reason either.
Moca: Oh~, you mean how you said if you were just singing, your hands would feel too free~?
Ran: Yeah. That's why I started playing, but now I'm happy I did.
Ran: Because I can play guitar with you...
Moca: Ran...
Ran: I think you and I play the same instrument exactly because we see things differently.
Ran: We don't try to match our sounds. Our own sounds stand out, bounce off each other, and form a song.
Ran: And when that happens, I fall in love with the sounds we make.
Moca: (Even now, I still don't know what, if anything, I can see through my own lenses.)
Moca: (But this much I do know, the love that Ran and I share for Afterglow hasn't changed one bit.)
Moca: (And if that's true, then...)
Moca: ... I think we really are gonna have to battle it out to see who's the coolest next time~.
Ran: Okay... You really like doing that that much, huh?
Moca: Well~... maybe this time will be different. It won't be a competition~.
Moca: Anyway~, it's a promise, okay? We'll play our guitars together on the roof next time~.
Ran: Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
