event239-03 Chapter 2: True Feelings

Moca repeats Ran's words and expresses regret over her decision.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Aoba Residence - Moca's Room]

Moca: ... Sigh~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: I just feel that as we get older, Afterglow might not be a part of our same as always anymore...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: (I should've told her that's not gonna happen.)
Moca: (But I couldn't say something like that when I have no idea what'll happen in the future or even how our feelings about the band might change.)
Moca: (... Still, though, maybe I should've said it anyway.)
Moca: I could've made a joke so she wouldn't worry. Told her she just had a bad dream, and then we could've laughed it off...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: ... Instead of something that might happen years from now, this is the time to be talking about the GBT. We need to focus on what's right in front of us.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: (... But maybe it was already too late to change how she felt. I wonder if there was anything I could've done before Ran got like this.)
Moca: ... Where did I mess up?
Moca: (I've been right by Ran's side, but I still missed something so important...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Ran, I'm going to stop trying to catch up to you.
Moca: I'll start viewing life through my own lenses, then. If I can manage that, it'll be best for you, the others... and myself.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: (But what exactly have I been seeing through my own lenses?)
Moca: (Something has felt off for a while, but so far, I haven't been able to do anything about it...)
Moca: (So maybe I shouldn't have said I'd stop trying to catch up to Ran back then.)
Moca: (If I had seen what Ran was seeing, we could've shared our fears and maybe imagined a fun future together.)
Moca: ... I wish I had kept... chasing after her...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: ... All right, I pretty much know what I want to say.
Moca: Excuse me~. Hrm~? Is the student council president still here working all by her lonesome~? Maybe she's in need of my help~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan. I was just thinking of my speech for the next school assembly.
Moca: Oh~. Did you come up with a speech that's gonna bring all the students and teachers to tears?
Tsugumi: None of the students or teachers are going to cry... but I've organized most of my thoughts. All that's left now is to practice it.
Tsugumi: How about you? Did you have to stay late for something?
Moca: Nope~... I came because I wanted to see you~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, thanks. Lately, I haven't been able to see everyone as much at school after classes have finished like this.
Moca: I miss seeing everyone too~... I wonder if we'll only see each other a few times a year after we get older~.
Tsugumi: Huh...? I'm not sure, but I don't think things will change.
Moca: Then I wonder if we'll still be playing in a band when we're old ladies. A grandma rock band could actually be kinda cool~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan...?
Moca: ... You know, don't you? Ran is trying to end the band.
Tsugumi: Huh...? How did you...
Moca: Well~, I just kinda figured it out. But I guess the biggest clue was the last show we played for the GBT~.
Moca: Before and after the show, you looked really worried about something, and Ran looked sad.
Tsugumi: ... You're amazing. You always know what's going on.
Moca: ... Nah~, not at all.
Moca: If I had really been paying attention, things wouldn't have gotten like this.
Tsugumi: That's not true. You are paying attention. That's why you came to talk to me now, right?
Tsugumi: I was too scared to bring this up with any of you. I felt like talking about it would make it real somehow.
Moca: Tsugu...
Tsugumi: That's why I only talked to Ran-chan. I wanted to know what she was thinking... and now I know I can't see things the way she does.
Moca: ... You talked to her about it?
Tsugumi: Yeah... I told her I wanted to keep playing in the band even after we've gotten older.
Tsugumi: And that I want us to make our dream come true just as badly as she does. I'm determined to make that happen.
Tsugumi: But I couldn't take it if Afterglow broke up.
Moca: ... I see~... You were honest with her.
Tsugumi: How about you...? Do you want the band to keep going?
Moca: ... Yeah... but I feel like it's not such an easy thing to say.
Moca: Even though I don't know what's gonna happen down the line, I told Ran I thought Afterglow would be together forever, and that made her uncomfortable.
Tsugumi: But that's how you really feel, right? That means you were honest with her, weren't you?
Moca: Well~... it was more like I was avoiding it.
Tsugumi: R-really?
Moca: Yeah~... that's how it felt. I just kinda said that without thinking, then Ran froze up, and that was it.
Moca: It's like... I couldn't really look her in the eye after that.
Tsugumi: I kind of know what you mean. I was scared to look too.
Tsugumi: When I thought I might have hurt one of my dearest childhood friends by being honest with them, my voice, my legs, everything started trembling...
Tsugumi: ... It's because she's so important to me that I don't want to hurt her, and I don't want to be hurt by her either.
Moca: (But even still, you told her how you really feel. I need to do the same, but...)
Tsugumi: Ah, it's Tomoe-chan... Hrm? This is a picture of...
Moca: The sunset from the roof?
Tomoe: "Today's sunset is freakin' gorgeous!"
