event239-01 Opening: The Sound That Scorches Us

Afterglow is gearing up for the GBT, but everyone else's attention is on RAS...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Moca: (Somehow, inside... I always knew this could happen...)
Moca: (Afterglow might break up one day, and if it does... what will I do?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Moca: Huh? Ran, you're already here~.
Moca: Since you're the first one in the studio, does that mean you're pumped to practice today too~?
Ran: ...
Moca: Ran~? Hey, it breaks my heart when you ignore me~.
Ran: Ahh! You scared me... Don't sneak up and grab my shoulder like that.
Moca: I said hi first~. You were laser-focused on those chords you were playing. Are you working on a new song?
Ran: Nah, I was just trying to tweak this arrangement. It feels like this part loses a lot of momentum.
Moca: Really~? I think it sounds fine~.
Ran: It needs to go way harder. The last time we practiced, I felt like this part could be even better.
Moca: ... Wow~, you've been so fired up lately~.
Ran: We all have. We're serious about winning the GBT.
Tomoe: Yo~. You guys are already here.
Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting. We'll get set up right away so we can start practicing.
Himari: Before we do that, I'd like everyone's attention~! Check out this article!
Moca: What's it about~? ... "Exclusive Interview with RAISE A SUILEN: Get to Know Today's Hottest Girl Band"...?
Ran: This is a pretty famous music site.
Himari: Yes, and this article is at the very top! Everybody's talking about it on social media.
Himari: There have been a lot of GBT posts mentioning RAS too, and with this big interview dropping now... It's like RAS is all people are talking about.
Moca: There are even comments on the video for RAS's show saying RAS is gonna win the GBT for sure~.
Tomoe: Masuki talks about what's goin' on with RAS, and she said they got scouted by a major music agency recently.
Tomoe: They said no, but then the agency tried to mess with RAS... It sounds like they were a real pain, but I feel like that kind of stuff happens only 'cause RAS is so good.
Tomoe: It's like they're in a totally different league than us, and that made me jealous.
Tsugumi: I see... To professionals in the music industry, RAS is a band that's not only talented but popular too.
Himari: That's right. And if we're going to win the GBT, those are the kinds of bands we are going to have to beat.
Tomoe: We've gotta do something about all this RAS hype.
Tomoe: The bands still in the tournament, the audience, all people are thinkin' about is RAS. And I'm sure RAS is lookin' to win too.
Tomoe: If we can't show people that we're here too, then we're gonna lose, and that'll be it.
Ran: Show people we're here too... You're right.
Ran: For us to win the next round and every round after that, doing "our best" just isn't going to be enough anymore.
Ran: I feel like we'll have to play at a level so intense that people won't be able to stop thinking about us.
Tomoe: Yeah, I think you're right. We've gotta do something that screams, "Look at us!" and grabs the attention of all the competing bands, the audience, everybody!
Moca: I see~. So does this mean our leader saw this coming, and now she's gonna share her ultimate secret plan for doing that~?
Himari: Well... let's think of something together!
Moca: And that's our Hii-chan for ya~.
Himari: I knew you were going to say that~! But none of us can come up with an idea right away, right?
Tsugumi: No, this isn't going to be easy. What can we do that would grab everyone's attention?
Ran: ... Let's up our time together and practice more so we can think of something.
Moca: Okay, but aren't you the busiest out of all of us~? Your assistant instructor exam is coming up quick, and you've usually got tons to do until the weekend.
Ran: I'll go through all my plans again and make changes. Right now, I want to give everything I've got to the band.
Moca: ... Okay~...
Himari: Let's rework our schedules too and make more time to meet up!
Tomoe: Right on! ... This ate up a lot of time. Sorry, guys. C'mon, let's get busy.
(Black cut)
Moca: (Ran's playing... with so much energy again today.)
Ran: ...♪
Moca: (We've been playing harder and harder ever since the GBT began... It feels like our music could light the air on fire now.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, I'm sorry! Everyone, I'm sorry...! Sniff... But I won't worry anymore.
Tsugumi: Next time... The next time we play, I'm going to go at full speed too! I'll keep up with everyone all the way!
Ran: ... Good. Because I'm not going to stop.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: (Ran keeps saying our music needs to go harder, and she wants to give her all to the band right now...)
Moca: (It's almost like she's trying to give so much of herself to the band that once the GBT is over, she won't have anything left to give...)
Moca: Ah...
Ran: ... Moca? Guys, stop.
Tomoe: ... What's wrong?
Moca: My bad, my bad~. My strings snapped~. I wonder if I've brought some extra ones~.
Himari: It would take a while to put new strings on, so why don't you go borrow a guitar?
Moca: Great idea, Hii-chan~. I'll go run to the reception~.
Moca: (... I'm having some weird thoughts.)
Moca: (But... I think I'm probably right.)
Moca: (Once the GBT is over, I'm pretty sure Ran is planning to end the band.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
