event239-07 Ending: Clashing Sounds

After the quarterfinals, Ran reflects on Moca's sound and makes a decision.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato, Chiyu Tamade)

[Live House - Lobby]

Tomoe: ... Ah, there they are! CHU², guys!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, great job. Thanks for the tickets.
Himari: No, thank you for coming to watch us even though you were busy!
LAYER (Rei): You all played a good show... We got your message loud and clear.
CHU² (Chiyu): But... do you really think you can beat us with a performance like that?
CHU² (Chiyu): It was solely carried by momentum, with two selfish, out of control guitarists. This show was an even more reckless, emotional mess than the one with Roselia.
CHU² (Chiyu): You'll probably beat today's other band, but that's it. You're still nowhere near as good as us.
CHU² (Chiyu): Can't you see you don't stand a chance against us?
Ran: Yeah, but we're still going to try to beat you.
Moca: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I see.
CHU² (Chiyu): Everyone, we're leaving. Now, all that's left is for our music to speak for itself.
LAYER (Rei): Yep. I'm looking forward to the finals.
Host: ... The voting results are in! Would the competing bands please come on stage!
Ran: ... Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Tomoe: Sigh~, I'm beat~! My arms are already sore.
Tsugumi: Me too. I'm so tired I can barely stand.
Himari: But pushing ourselves that hard is what got so many more votes, right? We crushed the other band, just crushed them!
Moca: Hii-chan, calm down~. Afterglow's fight is far from over~.
Himari: Hey, what got into you and Ran today?! You two played totally different arrangements than the ones we've been practicing... It was like you two were fighting on stage.
Ran: That was... Moca's fault. Since she played guitar like that, I had to step up too.
Moca: Seems like I lit a fire in your heart~.
Tomoe: ... Jeez... Somehow, we got through that show today, but next time, let the rest of us know beforehand if you're gonna pull a stunt like that. You scared us.
Moca: Ehehe, my bad~.
Tsugumi: ... But the way you two played was so cool.
Himari: Yeah, it was like your sounds were overflowing with such intense emotions! Thanks to that we won, so let's celebrate!
Tomoe: That's right! Why don't we have toast?! I'll grab us some drinks.
Himari: Great idea. Let's go to the vending machine. What does everyone want?
Tsugumi: I'll go too. Ran-chan, Moca-chan, what would you like?
Ran: Could I get some hot green tea?
Moca: I'll have hot cocoa~.
Tsugumi: Okay~, we'll be right back.
Ran & Moca: ...
Moca: ... Did my declaration of war surprise you~?
Ran: Of course, it did. Out of nowhere, you said we should have a fight, and then you played like that.
Ran: But your sound... your honesty cut really deep.
Moca: ... It did~...?
Ran: ... Don't make that face. You're the one who started the fight.
Moca: Hmph... You're the one who started it.
Ran: No, I di- ... Yeah, I totally did... Anyway, I'm glad this happened.
Ran: You're not good at talking about yourself or arguing, so the things you wanted to fight about... you said them through your music, and they really got to me.
Moca: ... Did they hurt?
Ran: Yeah.
Ran: But since you were completely honest with me, it made me realize I had to stop keeping my feelings from you and the others.
Moca: ... I see~. Then, let me say this...
Moca: Even if you burn yourself out, I'll always play guitar for Afterglow.
Ran: Moca...
Moca: I love Afterglow five hundred times more than anyone thinks I do.
Moca: That's why I won't let this band end. I'll never stop protecting the thing I care about the most.
Moca: What will you do?
Ran: ...
Ran: I'll protect Afterglow too. In my own way.
Tomoe: We got drinks~... Huh? What's with you two?
Himari: Why are you facing each other like that... Were you talking about something serious?
Ran: I'm sorry, Tsugumi. I think I'm going to have to face this now, after all.
Tsugumi: ... Huh...?
Ran: Tsugumi, guys, I've been keeping something from you, but I can't do that anymore.
Himari: Huh...? Wh-what's wrong? You're kind of scaring me.
Moca: (Somehow, inside... I always knew this could happen...)
Tomoe: ... So, somethin' did happen, didn't it?
Ran: I need to tell you all something.
Moca: (Afterglow might break up one day, and if it does... what will I do?)
Himari: Tell us... what...?
Ran: How I've been feeling about the band for a while.
Moca: (I'll... be honest about my feelings even if I'm afraid. Even if it means getting hurt or hurting the others.)
Moca: (From now on, I'm not gonna look away from what I see. I'm not gonna miss a sunset no matter what color it is.)
Moca: (I won't doubt the decisions I make any longer.)
Ran: I... want us to play the ultimate show and forge our legend while we're still in high school.
Ran: I want to achieve all the dreams the five of us dreamed of together... and after that, let's end Afterglow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
