event239-02 Chapter 1: I Never Thought It Could End

Moca senses something from Ran and summons the courage to ask about it...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Ran: ... Moca, I'm seriously going to leave you behind if you don't pick up the pace.
Moca: But we know you wouldn't really do that~. You're too kind~.
Ran: We're going to be late for real. Is something up with you?
Moca: Hmm~... Not really~.
Ran: Well... I hope that's true...
Moca: ...
Ran: Moca... if you need to talk, I'm here.
Moca: ... Okay... Well~... I might be wrong, but...
Moca: ... Are you quitting the band after the GBT?
Ran: ...
Moca: ... I-It's just the way you've been pushing yourself lately. It makes me think there won't be any Ran left after the GBT~.
Moca: Your red highlight has been glowing so bright that I think it's gonna burn out and turn gray like ash~...
Ran: ... Well... I just think that's how hard I've got to go.
Moca: ... So I was right~...
Moca: You wanna play a show that pushes you past your limit... and then it's bye-bye band?
Ran: It's like... I want to give everything I possibly can because, right now, all of us can still keep giving one hundred and ten percent to Afterglow.
Ran: We've got a pretty vague dream, you know? We want to "play the ultimate show" and "forge our legend"...
Ran: But winning the GBT is a clear goal. So, with the little time we've got left now, I think we can work our hardest together and do everything we possibly can to reach that goal.
Ran: Even now, it's hard for us to schedule time together. But once we go to college, and then get real jobs, I'm sure the band's going to be an even smaller part of our lives.
Ran: I just feel that as we get older, Afterglow might not be a part of our same as always anymore...
Moca: ...
Ran: And if that's going to happen, then I want to play the ultimate show and forge our legend now before Afterglow slips away from us.
Ran: So while I can still play with this much intensity... I want us to reach those dreams, and then end the band.
Moca: ... I see~...
Moca: I used to think Afterglow would be together forever~...
Ran: ... Me too.
Moca: Ah, umm~... Sorry, I didn't mean it like that. It's real grown-up of you to be thinking about the future~. My my~, kids grow up fast. I couldn't be more proud~.
Ran: ... Moca, listen...
Moca: Ah, we really are gonna be late~. Guess we better get to homeroom.
Moca: Sorry for asking weird stuff first thing in the morning.
Ran: No, I'm the one who should-
Moca: Wow~, big girl talks really are exhausting, aren't they? I'm gonna have to down some buns before first period~.
Ran: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Break Time]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Tomoe: So, I've been thinkin' we should throw a concert where we play off against bands still in the GBT.
Ran, Moca, Himari & Tsugumi: ...
Ran: ... Wait, what?
Tomoe: Ah, well, it's about how we can get everybody to notice us! I've been thinkin' about it ever since we had that practice.
Moca: You really need to fill in the gaps~.
Himari: So, are you saying we should invite an audience to a show where we play against each of the remaining bands in the GBT?
Ran: That sounds nearly impossible to pull off, though, right~...?
Tomoe: Yeah, it does~. But I think a show is the best way to get people to see who we are and what we can do...
Moca: Hey, any chance you had a drum session with Massu yesterday~?
Tomoe: Huh? How'd you know?
Moca: You kinda got that glow to you like you became best buds with a rival after duking it out on the riverside as the sun set~.
Himari: I know what you mean. You're always even more fired up than usual after a session with Masuki.
Ran: A session? I thought they were duking it out?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Every time I hear that, it sends a shiver down my spine.
Tomoe: Nah, nah~. It's just after I play the drums with Masuki, I feel like I wanna try everything I can.
Tomoe: She's already a beast, but she keeps tryin' new stuff and uppin' her game so fast... It's like there's no limit to how good she can get.
Tomoe: Seeing her gets me so freakin' pumped. And since we play in a band too, we should be able to improve like that!
Ran: Right, we can still be so much better.
Himari: We can! Hasn't it felt like there's no limit to what we can do either since we entered the GBT?
Himari: If we win this tournament and become even more famous, we really might play a concert at the Budokan someday!
Tsugumi: It's been a while since we talked about that.
Himari: Hey, you were the one who said it first, remember~?
Tsugumi: I know. It just feels like that was a long time ago.
Ran: ... Instead of something that might happen years from now, this is the time to be talking about the GBT. We need to focus on what's right in front of us.
Tomoe: We've had this kind of talk before. I think it was back when we were talkin' about goin' pro or not, wasn't it?
Moca: ... Ah...
Himari: Oh yeah, we did! That's when Ran was like, "All I want is for the five of us to be in our band"... Right?
Tomoe: Ahaha, your Ran impression is way off~.
Moca: (Back then, Ran was trying so hard to focus on what was right in front of us so she wouldn't have to think about what might lie ahead.)
Moca: (If she didn't think about the future, she wouldn't have to worry about it.)
Moca: (I wonder if that's what she's doing now too.)
Moca: (She doesn't want to think about a future where we have less and less time for Afterglow to the point where it's no longer the thing that holds us together...)
Ran: Anyway, about our next practice, I think I can make some time the day after tomorrow...
Moca: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
