event239-04 Chapter 3: Under the Same Sunset

Moca and Tsugumi head to the roof. Tomoe is already there under the setting sun.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi: Ah, there she is. Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Huh? Tsugu! Moca! You guys were still here?
Moca: Well, yeah~. Boy~, somebody's acting like a big softy, isn't she~?
Tomoe: Zip it, you. There's nothing wrong with that, right?
Tsugumi: You had club today, didn't you? You must be tired.
Tomoe: I am. I was about to go home, but when I saw this sunset, it felt like it'd be a waste not to check it out.
Moca: ... It's been a while since I've come up to the roof after school~...
Tsugumi: Me too... I haven't watched the sunset in a while either.
Tomoe: Hey, you guys are acting like big softies too.
Moca: You're the one who started it~.
Tomoe: Haha. Yeah, I guess I did.
Tomoe: You really can see the most beautiful sunsets from here. It would've been great to see this with everyone!
Tomoe: But even if we can't, we won't miss it as long as one of us notices it, right?
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan... So that's why you sent us the picture in the group chat.
Moca: I see~. So you sent it with the itsy-bitsy hope that we all might be able to watch it together, huh~?
Tomoe: No, that's not why I, um...
Tsugumi: I'm so happy you were thinking of us!
Moca: You messaged us all about something like this before too~.
Tomoe: Huh? Did I...? Oh~, are you talkin' about that one time? When I sent that "SOS!" message?!
Tsugumi: I remember that! We all rushed to meet you, and then you were like, "I wanted us to see this pretty sunset together."
Tomoe: But back then, I just had to talk to you guys, and that was the best way I could think of gettin' everyone together.
Tsugumi: That was the time when we couldn't understand what Ran-chan's lyrics meant.
Tomoe: Yep, we were all struggling. We said some regretful stuff to Ran too...
Tomoe: I was scared. It felt like we were losin' each other.
Tomoe: I thought maybe things were changing, and I was gonna lose what mattered most to me.
Moca: ... I'm really glad that didn't happen back then.
Tomoe: Me too. We got this far together because we spoke from the heart when we were havin' a hard time.
Moca: ...
Tsugumi: I still remember what you said that day.
Tsugumi: You were afraid of change, so you were going to protect the things that needed to stay the same.
Tsugumi: You weren't only honest about how scared you were but how determined you were to keep us together too.
Tsugumi: You were so matter of fact about everything, and it was so cool.
Tomoe: All of us were. We were scared, but we were cool too.
Tomoe: Bein' honest with someone means lettin' them know the things you feel the most insecure about, right?
Tomoe: You can totally get hurt, but I could do it because it was for you guys... my best friends.
Moca: (It's important to be honest about your feelings even if you get hurt... Could I do something like that?)
Moca: (Maybe... I'm running away from how Ran is really feeling and from how I'm really feeling...)
Moca: (I wonder if I'm more worried about not getting hurt than trying to see things through my own lenses...)
Moca: (If I don't hurt others, then they won't hurt me. I was hoping things would work out somehow... I'm such...)
Moca: (... A coward.)
Moca: ... Wow~, Tomo-chin, you're so cool today~. Tsugu, you too. Everybody in the band shines so brightly~.
Tomoe: Huh? ... Why are you rubbin' your eyes? Do they hurt?
Moca: Yep... The halo that just appeared over your head was blinding~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan... Would you like to use my handkerchief? You don't have to hold back your-
Moca: I'm fine, I'm fine~. I just wanna keep looking at this pretty sunset~.
Tsugumi: ... We really should've seen this all together. I wish Ran-chan and Himari-chan were here.
Tomoe: But they can see it. That's why I sent the picture.
Tomoe: Even if we can't see it together in the same place, the sunset is-
Tsugumi: ... Ah, it's a message from Ran-chan and Himari-chan!
Moca: They both sent pictures of the sunset too...
Tomoe: Ahaha, you gotta love that timin'!
Tsugumi: Ran-chan took a picture on the way home from her flower-arrangement meeting. Maybe Himari-chan's is from a window at her cram school.
Tomoe: ... We're not gonna change. We'll always love the sunset and think it's beautiful. We'll feel the same about it no matter where we see it from.
Moca: ... Whether it's from here or somewhere else...
Tomoe: Yep, the things we like won't change even if we see them from different places. What we think is beautiful will always be beautiful to us.
Tomoe: How we do things will change, but we know what shouldn't change, and that's good enough for me.
Moca: ... I see... I guess that's true~...
Moca: (Ran, me, all of us, we love Afterglow so much.)
Moca: (How I see Afterglow and how the others see it is the same. It's something precious.)
Moca: Maybe for now, knowing that is enough~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
