event76-07 Ending: Awkward Duo

As the student-council room is dyed by the rays of the sunset, what will the two girls say to each other...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Arisa: Rinko-senpai, your story wasn't the least bit boring.
Arisa: I was just so absorbed in what you were saying... So impressed that I couldn't think of anything to say.
Rinko: Y-you don't need to flatter me...
Arisa: Honestly, if it had been me, I don't think I would've taken on the role of student-council president.
Arisa: I'm the type who, well... actively avoids doing anything difficult. I suppose I try to cover for my weaknesses by focusing on my strengths.
Arisa: Which is why I think it's so impressive how you... approach your problems head-on, Rinko-senpai.
Rinko: In that case... you are also quite impressive yourself... Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Huh?! Why in the world would you think that?!
Rinko: We handle our issues differently, yes... but the way you 'cover for your weaknesses with your strengths'... is an admirable way of making progress...
Rinko: When I fail at one thing... it carries over... into everything else I do... so I don't think I could ever accomplish what you have...
Rinko: For me, all I can do... is attempt to overcome each problem... one at a time... until I get the desired result...
Arisa: I guess this means... we're both awkward in our own way, huh?
Rinko: I think... that you are absolutely right.
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... I still have to disagree... about being impressive...
Rinko: Even now, I get terrified and freeze up... Unless I'm pulled along by people who take action... such as Ako-chan or Toyama-san... it's rare for me to have any initiative of my own.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai... To be fair, Kasumi has way more energy than any one person needs.
Rinko: Fufu... And even once I get going... I have people like Hikawa-san and Matsubara-san supporting me...
Rinko: Unless I have someone there with me... someone like you, Ichigaya-san... to help me along... I can't help feeling the need to run away...
Arisa: S-someone like me?!
Rinko: Yes. What happened earlier... is a good example... I never could have handled all those inquires... on my own...
Rinko: And then, I saw you in need of assistance... and just knew I had to act... That's the only reason I managed to pull through.
Rinko: Had I gone it alone... I definitely would have panicked... and that would have been the end of it...
Arisa: I-I suppose that's true... When you see someone who is freaking out more than you are, it can have a calming effect. It helps you keep a clear head or whatnot.
Arisa: ... Wait, did I really look that bad?! Ugh, how lame of me...
Rinko: Th-that wasn't what I meant...!
Arisa: Ah, excuse me! Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that you did...!
Rinko: ... Look at us... We're acting rather silly, I think...
Arisa: That we are. Saying all sorts of weird stuff to each other.
Rinko: Fufu...
Rinko: The reason I can work so hard... is because of everyone who's there for me.
Rinko: I should apologize... for being such a sorry president who relies on others. But at the same time... I want to say thank you.
Rinko: I will endeavor to become a reliable student-council president... no matter how long it takes. So I hope that we can... continue working together.
Arisa: Huh?! Th-there's no need to be so apologetic...!
Arisa: I feel like... I should be the one saying that, Rinko-senpai.
Arisa: Just look at how I acted, freaking out when things got rough, pretending to have my act together while running around in a panic... I still can't get over my overwhelming shyness.
Rinko: Shyness? Ichigaya-san, are you... a shy person?
Arisa: Absolutely! That's why I act so weird and turn into a nervous wreck around you all during student-council meetings and activities!
Arisa: And I don't think that's going to change any time soon... but even so, I want to offer you my full support in whatever way possible.
Arisa: Please rest assured that I will try my hardest... And that I would also love for us to continue working together!
Arisa: Ah, crap! The papers!
Rinko: ... D-don't worry. If we clean them up quickly, there shouldn't be... Ah! I-I'm so sorry. I got flustered... and spilled even more papers...!
Arisa: L-let's focus on cleaning this up for now!
Rinko: Good idea...!
Arisa: Sigh~... We started anew by immediately messing things up.
Rinko: Becoming a reliable president... might be a pipe dream... at this rate...
Arisa: And I'm light years away from giving any kind of reliable support.
Rinko: ... Fufu.
Rinko: Ichigaya-san. Let's... keep working toward our goals. Together.
Arisa: Alright. And it looks like our first task is paper collection.
Rinko: Apparently so... Fufu.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Rinko: Ichigaya-san. Good timing... I was actually... on my way to your classroom...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai? What's wrong?
Rinko: Regarding the upcoming volunteer clean-up function... The assigned locations for each grade level... have been changed... so I was hoping to have these sheets handed out...
Arisa: Ah, thanks for letting me know. I can take care of the ones for the second-year students.
Rinko: You don't mind? Thank you very much...
Arisa: Something like this is no trouble at all. Thank you very much for bringing the materials.
Rinko: You're welcome. Okay, I'd better be going...
Kasumi: Ooo~! Arisa, Miss Reliable~!
Misaki: She certainly is~. Oh boy, what a happy ending~.
Arisa: St-stop making a big deal out of it!
Arisa: Ugh, and wipe those dumb grins off your faces~!
