event76-06 Chapter 5: Me and My Reason

The two girls can catch their breath now that the student-council work is done. And at some point, their nervousness had already subsided...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Arisa: It's finally over...
Rinko: Yes...
Arisa: The work kept piling up more and more to the point where we couldn't even finish organizing those documents.
Arisa: I never expected it to get that hectic. Being part of the student council sure isn't easy...
Arisa: You know, Rinko-senpai, I can't believe you agreed to be the student-council president. Isn't it hard to do all this while also juggling your duties with Roselia?
Rinko: It's quite challenging, to be honest.
Rinko: But... you see, I...
Rinko: ... Ichigaya-san, why did you initially join the student council?
Arisa: Me?! I just, you know... I thought that joining the student council would look good on my academic record.
Arisa: Not the most altruistic of motives, I suppose. How about you...?
Rinko: I became the president... in order to... overcome my fears.
Rinko: Being in front of large crowds... or people I don't know well... makes me nervous... to the point where my mind goes completely blank...
Rinko: I want to change that part of myself... so I decided to take on the role of... student-council president.
Arisa: Overcoming fears. Wow, you really threw yourself in at the deep end.
Rinko: Fufu, yes. However... were I to take the easy route... I would always feel tempted to give up...
Rinko: That being said... I have other reasons for the decision that I made.
Arisa: Other reasons?
Rinko: Yes. Saying them out loud is somewhat embarrassing, but...
Rinko: If I could somehow... improve the lives of our fellow students... through my efforts... That's what was going through my head... when I accepted the role.
Arisa: The lives of our fellow students. That's pretty admirable.
Rinko: Not really...
Rinko: I also... did this for myself, in a way.
Arisa: For yourself?
Rinko: Correct. While it's true that I'm bad with crowds... I am also... equally terrible at getting myself to try new things...
Rinko: Despite that, I've received... encouragement from so many people... that I continue to be motivated... to step out of my comfort zone.
Rinko: Going to the beach, trying out club activities... Attending the piano recital I was running from for so long...
Arisa: Ah, I remember that competition! You received a lot of recognition for how well you performed.
Rinko: ... Y-yes. I never expected it to carry all the way over to school... It was kind of embarrassing...
Rinko: And so... with each successful attempt... I would decide to challenge myself further... To take one more step forward...
Rinko: Well... It'd be more accurate... to say that... I've come to want to take another step forward...
Rinko: And I believe that next step this time around... was becoming student-council president...
Arisa: So challenging yourself with that position... was your next step forward...
Rinko: Yes. A rather small step... unfortunately.
Rinko: Not to mention that... I'm still not certain... if it will be a misstep... or not...
Rinko: It's possible I may be taking the longest route possible as well...
Arisa: ...
Rinko: Had this been my past self... those thoughts would have discouraged me...  to the point of giving up...
Rinko: I would pity myself, thinking about how I'm causing trouble for others and not accomplishing anything... Rather than allow that, I thought it would be better to do nothing at all...
Arisa: But... you don't think that anymore, do you?
Rinko: I do not.
Rinko: It's strange. Now... that feeling of having moved a step forward makes me happier than anything else.
Rinko: Should I fail... I would be a little shaken up, of course. But in that case... I would simply need to take another step forward...
Rinko: One step after another... until I've learned to walk... That's how I move forward... That... is how I think now.
Rinko: Ah... M-my apologies. I've been rambling on for far too long...! I'm sure that... you didn't want to hear such a boring story.
Arisa: It wasn't boring!
Arisa: It wasn't... in any way whatsoever!
Rinko: ... Ichigaya-san...
