event76-01 Opening: Nervousness

Unfamiliar with being part of the student council, Arisa finds herself nervous. Rinko seems to be feeling the same way...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: ... Alright. This should be all the results our class submitted for the survey from the other day.
Arisa: They'll need to be tallied and filed away after school. Up next is reviewing the next meeting's documents... Nah, look at this jumbled mess. It'd be best to organize them first.
Arisa: The student council sure is a lot of work... Sigh.
Misaki: Wow, that's a big sigh.
Misaki: Are those the surveys from the other day? So the student council is in charge of counting them, huh?
Arisa: We're the ones who came up with it, so yeah. Apparently, the idea is to hold an identical survey at both the beginning and end of a school year and compare the results.
Misaki: Whoa. That sounds like a handful.
Arisa: Yeah. Well, all the actual work will be done as a group, so it's not that big of a deal...
Arisa: Honestly, the real problem is... how freaking nervous I get whenever I'm there.
Arisa: All these unfamiliar tasks. Having to keep up appearances. And don't get me started on the tense atmosphere... Sigh...
Misaki: The student-council room does seem like it'd be a stressful place to be, yeah.
Arisa: Right? Ugh, I wish I could adjust to it all more quickly.
Misaki: Hahaha. You can do it, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Laughing from the sidelines, huh...?
Misaki: No, no~. That was not my intention whatsoever~.
Arisa: Yeah, right. Get outta here with that.
(Black cut)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

2nd Year Council Member: Ms. President, would it be alright if we tally the survey votes without holding an actual meeting?
Rinko: Y-yes... That should be fine.
2nd Year Council Member: What a relief~! I was a little worried because the meeting materials haven't been prepared yet. Oh, but they'll definitely be ready by next week!
Rinko: Understood... Uhm... K-keep up the good work...
2nd Year Council Member: Huh?
Rinko: Ah, uhm...! Keep up the good work.
2nd Year Council Member: I will! See you later!
Rinko: ... Sigh...
Rinko: (Not again... I lost my nerve and went quiet... A student-council president... shouldn't act like that...)
Rinko: I need to... get my act together... But how...? Sigh...
Sayo: You sound fairly frustrated.
Kanon: Is something on your mind?
Rinko: Hikawa-san! And Matsubara-san...
Kanon: Sorry for bothering you, but I've been worried about you, Rinko-chan. You've been sighing a lot lately.
Sayo: Now that you mention it, that's true. In the student-council room, especially.
Rinko: I-I know... Yes, you're both right...
Rinko: In order to overcome my fear... of interacting with people... I took on the role of student-council president... But it's just not going very well...
Rinko: Even during our entrance ceremony... I got really flustered... And my heart starts racing... whenever I'm in the council room...
Sayo: Which is what spurred you to search for a solution.
Kanon: A way to stop being nervous. Hmmm... Easing into it would be the best option, wouldn't it?
Sayo: True. However, coming up with an actual method to do so is the truly difficult part.
Sayo: Holding a social gathering is one method of approach, but due to Shirokane-san's nature, I fear that such an event would have the opposite effect.
Kanon: Yeah, probably. The large number of members in the student council would only make it more stressful.
Kanon: Hmmm... Why not start small and build your way up?
Rinko: Build my way up...?
Kanon: Mhm. At first, you can try interacting with only one or two people. Once you've grown comfortable with that, you can gradually increase the crowd size.
Kanon: It'll take a while, but you'll be able to work on it at your own pace.
Sayo: I do believe you may have stumbled upon the perfect remedy for her.
Rinko: B-but... suddenly being alone... with another person...
Sayo: If that has you concerned, why not choose someone with whom you are already familiar and ask them to assist you?
Sayo: That will allow you to adjust slowly, and worse comes to worst, they will be privy to your intentions and can lend you a hand.
Rinko: ... Okay. I think... I can handle something like that...
Kanon: Really? That's great to hear.
Sayo: Now for candidate selection. This first step is important and should be treated with care.
Rinko: U-uh... I would like to... speak with Ichigaya-san first... if possible.
Kanon: Arisa-chan? Ah, you're both in the student council, so that makes sense.
Sayo: The fact that they both play the keyboard makes it even more appropriate.
Kanon: Oh! In that case, I have a great idea!
Rinko & Sayo: You do...?
Kanon: Yeah! Okay, so during our next lunch break...
