event76-02 Chapter 1: A Peaceful Lunch

Kanon suggests having lunch together, so Arisa and Rinko join, but...?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kanon: It's nice and warm outside today. Perfect weather, I'd say.
Sayo: Indeed. Eating lunch outside on occasion is quite nice.
Misaki: You said it, Sayo-senpai~... Hey, hold the phone!
Misaki: Kanon-san... Sayo-senpai. Could someone please fill me in on what's going on?
Misaki: I did what you asked and invited Ichigaya-san out here because you seemed to have something planned.
Sayo: Shirokane-san is trying to overcoming her fears. The first step is creating a closer relationship with Ichigaya-san. Relatively speaking, they share many common points of interest.
Kanon: They play the same instrument, and since they interact regularly with one another, we figured she won't be so nervous.
Sayo: Creating a scenario that promotes success is vital.
Misaki: Alright, I think I get it now.
Misaki: Ichigaya-san herself mentioned how she gets nervous due to not knowing her fellow council members, so this could be good for both of them...
Rinko & Arisa: ...
Rinko: I-Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Y-yes...?
Rinko: Say... Th-the weather is quite nice today.
Arisa: It sure is...
Rinko & Arisa: ...
Misaki: Those two are nervous beyond belief.
Kanon: H-huh...?
Rinko: (What should I do...? We can usually talk more easily than this... but when I think about not getting nervous... it has the opposite effect...)
Rinko: (This is my chance to change all that though... so I have to try...!)
Rinko: Th-this lovely weather... has me curious... Ichigaya-san... What... are your hobbies...?
Arisa: Huh? My hobbies?!
Arisa: Ah, well... I like to surf the Internet, I guess?
Rinko: Web browsing...? Uhm... do you perhaps... play any online games...?
Arisa: No, I'm not really into video games...
Rinko: Ah... I see...
Rinko & Arisa: ...
Kanon: They're nervous wrecks.
Sayo: I think they've become too conscious of the scenario. The student-council room provides a more natural setting for them to interact.
Misaki: But meeting outside of that and having lunch together probably feels too out of the ordinary.
Sayo: Most likely. And being placed under observation like this is only exasperating the issue.
Sayo: Having fewer people present would have likely been a better choice... In any case, something should be done to help remedy the situation.
Kanon: Fueee, what should we do...? Uhhh, let's see...
Kanon: Uhhh... H-how about your hobbies, Rinko-chan? You've always got your nose buried in books. You like reading, don't you?
Rinko: Ah... yes. I think... I'm an avid reader. I recently finished this book here...
Misaki: "A Flowery Wonderland"? The cover is pretty cute.
Arisa: Ah, I've read that one!
Arisa: I originally picked it up because it was trending online, but it turned out to be really interesting. It was a beautiful read, and the psychological elements had me completely hooked.
Rinko: Y-yes... I agree. The author's word choice is very unique...
Rinko: A sequel was released recently... and it was equally wonderful... I would highly recommend it, if you're interested...
Rinko: And if this book suits your tastes... then I think you would also enjoy another one called "A Dance In Time"...! The tone is somewhat dark, but the characters are very charming...
Rinko: Ah... p-pardon me... I just like so many books...
Arisa: It's okay... I was caught off guard. That's all. Thank you so much.
Arisa: Uhm... would you be willing to share more of your book recommendations with me?
Rinko: O-of course...!
Sayo: ... That seemed to have improved the situation.
Misaki: Phew, that's a relief. At least it wasn't pointless for us to have been here. Good thinking, Kanon-san.
Kanon: I-it was nothing. I'm just glad it worked out.
Kanon: Arisa-chan and Rinko-chan both look like they're having fun now. Maybe this is what'll help them get over their nervousness.
Sayo: Indeed. I believe that is well within the realm of possibility.
Misaki: Looks that way. Ichigaya-san, Rinko-senpai. Good luck~.
