event82-04 Chapter 3: Zombie Movie Marathon!

As Misaki and the others watch zombie movies together, they start to understand the fun of horror movies...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[???]

Misaki: ... Oh, no! We're at a dead end...!
Rimi: M-Misaki-chan, they're coming...!
???: Aaahhh...!
Rimi: I-is there anything around here we can use to fend them off...?
Misaki: We're not in a movie...
Rimi: Ooh, but we have to... We have to find something...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Come on, you two! You can make it...!
Kokoro: This is awful! The zombies are about to catch them!
Kasumi: Instead of searching for a weapon, they need to get out of there fast!
Misaki: No, they can't. The way out is blocked...
Kasumi: Still~... Misaki-chan, are you not scared?
Misaki: Hmm? ... Not really...
Kokoro: Misaki! Zombie!
Misaki: Ah...!
Kokoro: Your face looked super shocked just now!
Misaki: That's because you yelled out of nowhere...!
Rimi: Fufu. This sense of exhilaration is so much fun!
Kokoro: I feel like it'd be fun to be a zombie, just to see how surprised people look when they see you!
Misaki: Don't say such ominous things.
Kokoro: Oh, but then we can both become zombies, Misaki! We can scare everyone! It'll be so much fun!
Misaki: You know...
Kasumi: Actually... If I had to choose between running away or becoming a zombie, being a zombie might be better...
Misaki: Now Toyama-san has been infected, too.
Kasumi: Th-think about it... becoming a zombie means nothing else in the world would be scary anymore...
Kasumi: B-but it would suck if everyone turned into zombies~! Rimi-rin, don't ever become a zombie, okay?!
Misaki: Why are you assuming you're going to become a zombie?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... Ahaha, don't worry. I won't become a zombie.
Kasumi: Really? Y-you promise?!
Rimi: Yup, I promise. I mean, if I turned into a zombie, I couldn't be in a band with you anymore, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~...
Rimi: We couldn't hang out and have fun like this either. And I wouldn't be able to eat chocolate cornets!
Misaki: That's your reason for not wanting to become a zombie?
Kokoro: ... Hey, Misaki. Do you think we'd still be able to continue Hello, Happy World! if I became a zombie?
Misaki: Uhm, I think it'd be pretty tough~.
Kokoro: Is that so? Okay, then no becoming a zombie for me... I'll just pretend to be a zombie and play around!
Misaki: I would appreciate that.
Kasumi: That's right, guys! Make sure you all run away from the zombies, okay?
Rimi: Yes, if a zombie apocalypse broke out, we all need to get home safe and sound.
Misaki: ... Well, in that case, we should watch the movie carefully to prepare.
Rimi: Yeah... Is everyone ready to continue?
Kasumi: Oh, it looks like the two of them are safe... What a relief~.
Misaki: And they found a good weapon in just the right spot too.
Kokoro: Those two are so lucky!
Rimi: I wouldn't be so quick to call them lucky. This is just the beginning...
