event82-02 Chapter 1: Zombies A to Z

During recess, Rimi shows the others a zombie manga and tells them more about the genre.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[???]

Rimi: Huff... Puff... What should we do...? What can we do...?!
Misaki: Calm down. Huff... We asked Toyama-san to watch our bags, and now we don't have our phones with us to call for help...
Rimi: That's right, Kasumi-chan...! I wonder if she and Kokoro-chan are all right...
Misaki: ... They're fine. I'm sure they evacuated somewhere.
Rimi: They must have... right?
Misaki: Yeah...  That's why we need to focus on ourselves instead. We need to find a way to get out of here safely...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Classroom 2-A]

Kokoro: ... What? That's it? But what happens to the two of them?!
Rimi: Well, you'll find out in the next book here...
Misaki: Hey, now. We should put away the manga and eat lunch.
Kasumi: I agree! I've barely taken a bite~.
Rimi: You're right. Kokoro-chan, let's continue later.
Kokoro: Okay, got it. So these are the types of stories you like, Rimi!
Kokoro: I don't really get it, though. All the characters in this book are often troubled or crying. Wouldn't the story be more fun if everyone had smiles on?
Rimi: Uhm... You mean like being chased by grinning zombies?
Kokoro: Yeah! Imagine it. A chase scene full of smiles!
Kasumi: That's even more terrifying~!
Misaki: Haha... I know what you mean though. Peaceful stories just match your character better, Rimi.
Rimi: You think so?
Kasumi: Yes! Or at least something cuter like "The Adventures of the Little Chocolate Cornet!"
Rimi: Ahaha, I might want to see that too~. Still, there's just a type of excitement that only horror can bring.
Kokoro: Is that so?
Rimi: Yup! With horror, you're always wondering what will happen next. Doesn't that just make your heart pound away?
Kokoro: Yeah! My heart was totally pounding earlier! I couldn't wait to find out what happens next!
Rimi: I also like to imagine what I would do if I were in the same situation.
Kasumi: Really~?! I'm sure I'd just be scared stiff~.
Rimi: Right, I'm sure in reality, I'd be the same way, but... if I'm just imagining it, perhaps I'd be able to do something.
Rimi: I can pretend that I'm like the main character of a horror story, able to work up the courage to overcome any obstacles that come my way.
Misaki: Huh... But aren't some horror series kind of grotesque?
Rimi: Yeah, I'm not good at handling that kind of horror. I can't stand anything that's overly gory or too cruel... I feel bad for the characters in the story...
Rimi: Maybe that's why I prefer paranormal horror with ghosts, curses, or haunted places.
Kasumi: Those are frightening too, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: It's okay, Kasumi-chan! This one doesn't get that gross!
Kasumi: That means it does a little bit, though!
Misaki: That reminds me. You did say the action scenes were awesome in this series, didn't you?
Rimi: Yeah! They can totally make your heart skip a beat~.
Kokoro: I get it now! In other words, when you watch horror films, you get the same exhilarating feeling you do when you go into a haunted house or ride a roller coaster!
Rimi: Yeah!
Kokoro: Then that does sound like a lot of fun!
Kasumi: Rimi-rin and Kokoron are getting excited... I'm not sure I can relate at all.
Misaki: Toyama-san, it's okay. To be honest, I'm not that fond of horror myself.
Kasumi: Really? You get scared too, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Well... I wouldn't go that far. I mean the plot devices are usually the same in all horror stories, right?
Misaki: It's so cliché how the people always end up running into a dead end, or drop the item they need. But somehow they conveniently find a weapon that can save their lives.
Misaki: When that happens, I just start thinking, "there's no way that would happen," and end up not being able to focus on the movie anymore...
Rimi: You'll be fine this time, Misaki-chan! The story in this series is really well-thought-out.
Misaki: Yeah, yeah. You told me already. I said I'm looking forward to it.
Kasumi: Wait, does that mean I'm the only one who can't handle horror in this group?
Kokoro: Kasumi! Look at this! This scene is amazing!
Kasumi: Wah~!
Misaki: Kokoro, we said to save the manga for later! Lunchtime's almost over. We gotta hurry up and eat.
Kokoro: Oh my, it's that late already? We better hurry!
Kasumi: Ugh~... I'm so grossed out... I don't know if I can eat anymore...
