event82-07 Ending: Exit the Zombies...?

With everything over, Rimi and the others return to their normal lives. That is, until Misaki notices something...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall - General Goods Store]

Rimi: Aya-senpai... I'm so sorry!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya & Chisato: You've been pranked!
Rimi & Misaki: ... Huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: Rimi-rin! Misaki-chan! Are you okay?!
Rimi: Y-yeah... That was terrifying, though...
Misaki: And what do you mean we've been pranked...?
Chisato: Sorry, you two. We got you tangled up in our recording.
Chisato: As part of a promotion for the Bio Panic 3 movie, they had people dress up as zombies and scare customers who had just finished watching the movie...
Chisato: I never thought you two would be the targets of our prank... I'm sorry we scared you.
Rimi: N-no, It's fine! Phew~... I'm so glad it was just a prank.
Misaki: You already knew all about this, right, Shirasagi-senpai? That's why you told us to go straight home afterward.
Chisato: There's that, and-
Aya: Rimi-chan, Misaki-chan! Sorry we scared you.
Kasumi: Wah! You scared me!
Misaki: Aya-senpai, both your makeup and acting skills are too realistic...
Aya: Huh, really? You think I did a good job acting like a zombie?
Rimi: I was convinced you were the real thing~.
Aya: Really?! Chisato-chan, did you hear that? I did it!
Misaki: Hiding the fact that Aya-senpai was also at the mall was part of the prank too, huh?
Chisato: Yes. I'm terribly sorry we gave you such a fright. Rest assured that you're safe now. Anyway, we should get back to work.
Aya: Later, guys~!
Rimi & Misaki: ... Phew~.
Kasumi: Good job, you guys~! How was that zombie prank?
Rimi: I'm tired from all the running we did~. Although, thinking back on it now... it was kind of fun.
Misaki: How can you say that? It was nothing but terrifying.
Rimi: Yeah, it was... But because of the encouragement you gave me, I felt safe, even when we were running away.
Misaki: No, when push came to shove, you were much tougher than me. Like when Aya-senpai came charging at us as a zombie.
Misaki: I, on the other hand, was seriously ready to give up...
Rimi: I was only able to keep going all because of the promise I made with you, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Me?
Rimi: You said you didn't want me to turn into a zombie, so I fought tooth and nail to make it out alive.
Kasumi: Awww, Rimi-rin~... I'm so glad you're safe~! Hugs!
Misaki: Haha... I'm just relieved it was all a prank. Anyway, should we head ho- Wait. Where's Kokoro?
Kasumi: Uhm... About that...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: Well, we still haven't found her. She's not reading our messages or picking up the phone... I'm sorry, guys.
Kasumi: It's fine... I am a little worried though. After we split up from you two, she said she was going to take a look around and I haven't seen her since...
Rimi: I wonder if she went home already. There was that evacuation announcement, and Chisato-senpai did tell us to go straight home.
Misaki: I hope that's the case... Anyway, I'll call her house later.
Kasumi: ... Hey, look over there. Isn't that Kokoron?
Kokoro: ...
Misaki: Hmm? Oh, you're right. Hey, Kokoro~! Can you at least reply to our messages?
Kokoro: ...
Rimi: Say, is it just me or is Kokoro-chan acting a little strange?
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro.... Are you pretending to be a zombie? The prank's over. They told us all about it already...
Kasumi: Eek...!
Kokoro: ... Graaahh!
Rimi, Misaki & Kasumi: Ahhh~!
(Black cut)
