event82-05 Chapter 4: The Incident

The girls arrive at the theater and see the new zombie movie. After the show ends, an incident occurs, and the real horror begins...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

[Movie Release Day]

Rimi: Ohh~... I can't believe how excited I am~. We should hurry to the theater!
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's go see the zombies!
Misaki: Ahaha. Relax, Rimi. Even if we rushed there, the movie's not gonna start any sooner.
Rimi: Yeah, I know... Ehehe.
Kasumi: Sigh~. I hope this movie won't be scary... Maybe the zombies are super nice in this one~.
Misaki: Uh, I sincerely doubt that...
Rimi: Alright, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: I never thought the next time I'd come to this movie theater, it would be to watch a zombie movie...
Rimi: I know what you mean~. I never thought I'd be able to come see a zombie movie with all my friends~.
Misaki: You two are talking about very different things there...
Kokoro: Oh?. Hey, is that...?
Misaki: Hmm? What's wrong?
Chisato: ... Oh, it's you.
Rimi: Chisato-senpai! Hello. What a coincidence, running into you here.
Chisato: Y-yes... Are you all doing some shopping?
Rimi: Nope, we're here to watch a movie! Bio Panic 3!
Chisato: ... I-is that so?
Kokoro: Hey, Chisato, are you here with Aya?
Chisato: ...! Aya-chan? No, I'm not with her.
Kasumi: What about you, Chisato-senpai? Are you here shopping?
Chisato: No, I just had something I need to do. More importantly...
Chisato: I'll get right to the point... If you're going to see that movie... you should definitely head straight home after you watch it.
Rimi: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Rimi: Chisato-senpai was acting kind of strange.
Kasumi: She said we should head straight home after the movie... I wonder why she'd say something like that.
Misaki: Does that mean... she doesn't want us to loiter? Is Shirasagi-senpai the type to say that?
Rimi & Kasumi: Hmmm...
Kokoro: Why do you guys look so confused? It looks like they're letting people in!
Rimi: R-right. There's nothing we can do about it now. Shall we go in?
(Black cut)

[After The Movie]

Rimi: Phew~... That was so good~...! That last scene with the escape from that horde of zombies was incredible!
Misaki: Yeah, it was pretty interesting. Certainly a gripping movie.
Kasumi: A little too gripping if you ask me! I'm exhausted just from how fast my heart was pounding.
Kokoro: Zombies sure are awesome! They can surprised people just by appearing! They're so much fun!
Rimi: Fufu, looks like everyone had a good time~. Oh, Kasumi-chan, can you watch my stuff for a second?
Kasumi: Yeah, sure!
Misaki: Ah, mine, too. I'll be back.
(Black cut)
Rimi: Misaki-chan, thanks for waiting.
Misaki: Now let's head back to where everyone else is...
Rimi: Wh-what's happening?!
Announcer: Attention, everyone. There has been an emergency in the theater. For your safety, we ask that you evacuate the premises immediately.
Misaki: Evacuate...? Everything looks normal to me.
Rimi: Yeah... Maybe we should head back to where Kasumi-chan and Kokoro-chan are...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Rimi: They're not here... I guess they've both evacuated already.
Misaki: It would seem so. The power's been shut off... We should make our way out too. Huh? That's...
Rimi: Aya-senpai...?
Aya: ... Aaah.
Misaki: What...?
