event82-03 Chapter 2: Zombie Movie Essentials

The girls decide to hold a zombie movie marathon at Rimi's house. But first, they'll need to buy some snacks downtown.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[???]

Misaki: Phew... Did we get rid of them...?
Rimi: I can't see them chasing us anymore...
Misaki: I think we can rest here. We're both exhausted from all that running.
Rimi: Yes... And there's plenty of food here in case the situation gets worse and we have to barricade ourselves in here!
Misaki: Haha, I take it that's knowledge from watching zombie movies?
Rimi: Yes, exactly. People get holed up in a place like this... Then they start to slowly run out of food, which leads to fighting within the group.
Misaki: Rimi, is that something you should be saying right now?
Rimi: Ah... I-I'm sorry.
Misaki: Haha, it's fine. It was a good distraction.
???: Raugh...!
Rimi & Misaki: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Raugh...!
Kasumi: Kokoron, you're scaring me~!
Misaki: Guys, you can play zombie all you want, but you gotta stop running around.
Rimi: Fufu. I'm so glad you two are enjoying zombies so much.
Misaki: No, I don't think Toyama-san's- Ah, whatever. Anyway, is there anything else we should buy?
Rimi: We have snacks and drinks, so I think we should be fine. I probably have stuff at home too.
Kokoro: Do we have any popcorn? We can't watch a movie without popcorn!
Misaki: Yeah, we bought some of the caramel-flavored stuff.
Kokoro: Excellent! Alright, let's head to Rimi's house! I'm dying to watch those zombie movies!
Rimi: Okay! We'll start with the first one. It's a real rush, right from the start~. It takes place in an old western house...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin sure is excited for this... I've never prepped for a movie before~.
Misaki: Say, Toyama-san, is Rimi always this enthusiastic?
Kasumi: Huh? She's usually more on the quiet side... Oh, but she does get fired up when she eats chocolate cornets!
Misaki: Haha... So zombies are on the same level as chocolate cornets.
Kasumi: When it comes to things she likes, Rimi-rin might be more passionate than anyone else in Poppin'Party!
Misaki: I see. That's a little unexpected. She gives off a more quiet vibe.
Kasumi: I'd say she normally is, but when she needs to, she'll give us just the push we need!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, did you call for me?
Kasumi: We were just talking about how awesome you are! Remember when we wrote that song to liven up the downtown area? It was you who got everyone to do it!
Rimi: Y-you're exaggerating now. Besides, that song was only possible thanks to everyone's efforts. All I did was express an interest in doing it.
Misaki: But it's not easy to come forth and say you want to do something. You end up feeling responsible because of it. The fact you were able to do so despite that is really impressive.
Rimi: I don't know about that... But if that's the case, aren't you even more impressive, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Me? Why's that?
Rimi: You fulfill a lot of different roles in Hello, Happy World!, right? Not only do you write the songs, you also coordinate the band and everything...
Misaki: Yeah, but... I'm just kinda going with the flow. Besides, Kanon-san helps me out a lot.
Kokoro: I second that. Misaki's amazing!
Misaki: Ah... you don't have to chime in, too.
Kokoro: Even though Misaki doesn't come up on stage with us, she's a valuable member of Hello, Happy World!
Rimi: See, Misaki-chan? Even Kokoro-chan says you're amazing!
Misaki: Alright... enough about me! C'mon now. We're done shopping, so let's make our way to Rimi's.
Rimi: Fufu. Okay!
