event309-01 Opening: expectation

Poppin'Party having a fun chat in the basement, same as always. Rimi, steadily preparing for her study abroad, is...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: And then, in the end, it was a happy ending, and it was seriously amazing.
Kasumi: Ooh~! Sounds fun~! I wanna see that movie too~!
Tae: Yeah, everyone should totally go watch it.
Arisa: No, no, no, hold on a sec...
Arisa: I've been listening to your thoughts this whole time, and I still have no clue what kind of movie it was...
Saya: Me neither... Um, by the way, what genre is it?
Tae: Genre? Hmm, I'm not really sure, but it was amazing no matter what!
Tae: Near the end, this huge bunch of rabbits all came rushing in, and then they all did a tap dance together. That part was the best...!
Arisa: A dance...? What's that supposed to mean... Is it an Indian movie...?
Saya: I can tell it was amazing, but everything else isn't coming across at all...
Tae: Hmm... If I had to compare it, it's like thinking you're eating a hamburger steak, but it turns out it's a cheese-stuffed one.
Arisa: ...?
Tae: Maybe this is better. Like, it starts raining and you think, "Oh no, I forgot my umbrella!" But then you realize you actually brought it.
Arisa: I-I don't get it...
Tae: Then I'll try playing it on guitar. Heave-ho...
Tae: Hmm-hmm~♪
Tae: ...So? That was easy to understand, right?
Kasumi: Oooh~! I get it now~!!
Arisa: I kinda... get it, but I kinda... don't... Saya, do you get it?
Saya: Hmm... Well, a little bit... maybe?
Tae: Huh, that's weird. I thought you'd all get what I meant.
Arisa: No, I bet Rimi wouldn't get it either...
Arisa: Anyway, where's Rimi? Isn't she here yet?
Kasumi: I wanna hurry up and practice together~!
Saya: I think she said she was going to see our homeroom teacher.
Kasumi: Huh? Did Rimi-rin do something bad?
Tae: Like she got caught eating a chocolate cornet during class?
Arisa: Why are you assuming she did something wrong?
Saya: Ahaha. She didn't do anything bad.
Saya: Apparently there's a study abroad fair for high school students this weekend. She went to tell the teacher she's going.
Kasumi: Ooh~! Rimi-rin, that's amazing~!
Arisa: I see... So Rimi's really getting started...
Kasumi: Now I'm getting all nervous too!
Arisa: You're not the one going abroad.
Kasumi: But~! I don't know, it makes me just as nervous like it's my own thing!
Rimi: Huff... huff...! Sorry, I kept you waiting!
Kasumi: Oh, Rimi-rin's here! Rimi-ri~n, I heard from Saya~!
Rimi: Huh...? You heard... what...?
Kasumi: That you're going to a study abroad fair! We were all talking about how awesome that is~!
Rimi: Oh, yeah. It's true.
Tae: What's a study abroad fair like? What do you do there?
Rimi: Um, like... talking to instructors about studying abroad, and meeting other kids our age...
Rimi: And listening to people who've actually studied abroad... It's basically an event to help you picture it all more clearly.
Arisa: Huh~. Didn't know they had stuff like that.
Saya: Rimi-rin, you really have been looking into all kinds of things.
Rimi: There’s still so much I don’t know, so I wanna come to places like this and learn more.
Tae: That’s nice. Rimi, you’re sparkling.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! Rimi-rin’s been studying tons of English lately, so maybe the other kids will say how awesome you are!
Rimi: I-I don’t think that’ll happen...
Saya: Your test scores have been going up more and more, too. What did your homeroom teacher say?
Rimi: That it’ll definitely help my future self, so I should take this chance to really learn as much as I can.
Tae: That’s amazing, Rimi. Listening to you makes me want to play guitar.
Arisa: Then we should start practicing soon. Everyone’s here.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! All right, let’s practice our hearts out~!
Saya, Tae, Arisa & Rimi: Oh~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
