event309-04 Chapter 3: session!

Poppin'Party gets to work on the party. Time to put together a present to cheer Rimi up!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Okay, so the surprise party is set for this Sunday~... And we can do it in Arisa's basement, right?
Arisa: Yeah. I talked to Grandma already. She said we can stay over that day.
Tae: Yay! Then I’ll bring my sleepover stuff, too.
Kasumi: Nice! Let’s have a pillow fight, too!
Arisa: That's taking it too far! And you're kinda missing the point here!
Saya: fufu, but I was shocked when Kasumi first said we should throw a party.
Arisa: Yeah... She said we should get presents and cheer Rimi-rin up.
Arisa: But, well... Maybe this is about all we can do right now.
Saya: Yeah. Rimi-rin’s probably thinking really hard about it, and stressing out.
Kasumi: So, what’d everyone get? Me~... An assortment of sweets Rimi-rin said she liked before!
Arisa: Oh, from that candy shop? Yeah, Rimi’ll probably love it.
Kasumi: Right~?! What about you, Arisa?
Arisa: Me... I’m thinking I’ll play something with a projector.
Tae: A projector?
Arisa: You know, when we had that party at my place for the first anniversary of passing the audition at SPACE?
Arisa: I borrowed it from Maya-san back then, so I was thinking about asking again this time.
Kasumi: Ooh~! Nice~! So what're you gonna play?
Arisa: I figured a movie Rimi likes. Like that horror one we all watched together...
Kasumi: Ugh... We're watching that again...?
Arisa: Ah... Maybe I'll just play some music videos instead. The ones Rimi said she likes. What about you, Saya?
Saya: I think I'll bake some special chocolate cornets.
Saya: I’ll make them extra huge, like a size we can’t sell at the shop, and stuff them so full of chocolate it spills out!
Kasumi: Ooh~! Rimi-rin is totally gonna love that!
Saya: fufu, I hope so. So, O-Tae, what about you?
Tae: I think I'll let her pet Oddie all she wants.
Kasumi: Nice! If she gets to pet that fluffy fur, I'm sure Rimi-rin will be super relaxed~! Great idea, O-Tae!
Tae: Mmm... but I feel like there might be something else, too.
Arisa: You haven't decided yet? I think it's a pretty good idea, though.
Tae: Since it's a special occasion, I might get her favorite steak set meal as takeout and bring it to her.
Arisa: Oh, the one from the shopping mall food court? Yeah, that really is Rimi's favorite.
Kasumi: Oh, I love that too! Ahh, now I really want to eat it! Wanna go right now?!
Saya: Kasumi~? You didn't forget you've got a shift at RiNG after this~?
Kasumi: R-right, I did~! Oh no, I gotta get going soon!
Arisa: Ah, me too... I've got the student council's regular meeting! Okay, let's continue in the group chat!
Kasumi: Roger that! See you later!
Tae: Yeah, bye-bye~
Tae: ...All right, then. Time for me to get the present ready.
Tae: ...Hmm. But is Oddie and steak really okay?
Tae: Feels like there has to be something else Rimi would like even more...
Tae: Hmm... In that case, maybe I'll just ask Rimi directly.
Rimi: Pant... pant...!
Tae: ...Huh? Rimi?
Tae: Heeey, Rimi. Wanna head home togeth-
Tae: ...Huh? Where's she going...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
