event309-03 Chapter 2: strategy!

What can we do for Rimi when she's feeling down? Tae and Kasumi come up with a game plan.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Music Store]

Tae: Now to attach the control plate... Then all I have to do is tighten the screws...
Tae: All right, repair complete. Now to hook it up to the amp...
Tae: Yeah, that sounds good. Fufu, good girl.
Manager: Tae-chan, you're getting really good at this~!
Tae: Oh, Boss. Thanks for your hard work.
Manager: Thanks for the repair. You finished it up real nice.
Tae: Yes. It's all thanks to everything you've taught me, Boss. And this guitar's the same model as mine, so I pretty much know all its quirks.
Manager: I see~. Yeah, that setup really shows you know this girl's characteristics.
Manager: But, for example, if you raise the action on the third string just a little... Like this~...
Tae: Whoa...! I didn't know she could make a sound like that.
Manager: Even if you think "this is how it is," there are still plenty of sounds you can bring out. Instruments really are deep, huh~? All right, I'll leave the rest to you~.
Tae: Huh... That's really interesting.
Tae: Oh, welcome~.
Kasumi: Excuse me for intruding!
Tae: Oh, Kasumi. What's up? Shopping?
Kasumi: Yeah! I came to buy some picks!
Tae: Perfect timing. The kind you use just came in... Huh?
Tae: But they sell those at RiNG too, right?
Kasumi: Ehehe, well, yeah, but~
Kasumi: Actually, I was walking along when I suddenly had a really great idea, so I came right over to see you, O-Tae!
Tae: A really great idea?
Kasumi: Rimi-rin seemed kinda down yesterday, right?
Kasumi: She tried to act the same as always so we wouldn't worry, but... she still seemed pretty bummed out...
Tae: Yeah... Rimi wasn't her usual self. It's not like her to get that down.
Kasumi: Yeah...
Kasumi: But I could tell something was really bothering her.
Tae: I see. If Rimi's struggling, I want to help.
Kasumi: Right?! So I thought about it. Like, is there anything we can do?
Kasumi: And then it hit me!
Kasumi: Let's throw a party! All of us!
Tae: A party?
Kasumi: Yeah! If we eat Rimi-rin's favorite stuff, do what she loves, and laugh together, I bet those gloomy feelings will just blow away!
Kasumi: So let's all bring something that'll help Rimi-rin feel better, and throw her a surprise party!
Tae: Sounds great! A surprise party to cheer Rimi up!
Tae: Let's do it, all of us! I'm sure it'll get Rimi sparkling, heart-pounding again.
Kasumi: Right?! Then I'll go tell Arisa and Saya too!
Tae: Yeah, thanks.
Kasumi: Ehehe, I'm getting excited! Okay, I'm off to work! I'll message you later~!
Tae: Yeah, bye-bye.
Tae: Something that'll make Rimi happy... Hmm, what should I bring...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: ...Sigh.
Rimi: Nope... I still can't decide anything...
Rimi: Even if I read the pamphlets from the study abroad fair, or the personal stories I found online...
Rimi: In the end, I still don't know what kind of job would suit me... Or what I even want to be...
Rimi: And anyway... Can something I decide in a panic at my desk like this really be called a goal...?
Rimi: I want to start running... but I can't find a destination... or a compass...
Rimi: At this rate... I feel like nothing will change... even if I study abroad...
Rimi: How does everyone find it... their own personal goal...?
Rimi: Sis... Oh, right... Maybe I should ask her for advice...
Rimi: ...No. I can't...
Rimi: This is something I have to think through... without running away...
Rimi: If I don't... then nothing will ever change...
Rimi: What should I do...? Ugh...
Rimi: ...Ah.
Rimi: Oh no... I knocked over the picture frame...
Rimi: ...A photo we took onstage at the Flower Bloom Rock Festival...
Rimi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: You got that sparkling, heart-pounding feeling about studying abroad, right, Rimi?
Tae: I want you to cherish the sparkling, heart-pounding feeling you're having right now, Rimi.
Tae: If you don't believe in it, you'll definitely regret it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Yeah. As we each connect with different people, we find all kinds of sparkling, heart-pounding moments.
Arisa: And I was thinking... if those all come together again at a festival like this, we might see an even more amazing view than today.
Arisa: I realized... I wanna see that kind of view too.
Saya: ...Yeah. I'll find it. My own sparkling, heart-pounding moments.
Kasumi: Let's see it together. The sparkling, heart-pounding moments of the future... Together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: You're right... I don't have time to stop here.
Rimi: What I can do right now is...
Rimi: ...Yeah. For now, I'll just give it a shot!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
