1_Kasumi Toyama_R1 Reckless!

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

Kasumi: My name is Kasumi Toyama, and I'm 16 years old! My band's name is Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: We have Rimi-rin on the bass, Saya on the drums, Arisa on the keyboard, and O-Tae on the guitar.
Kasumi: And me? I am a guitarist and lead singer!
Kasumi: You know, when I was younger I used to look up at the night sky, and I could hear the beating of the stars.
Kasumi: I thought, "I want to have that sparkling and heart-pounding feeling one day!" I felt that way for a long time.
Kasumi: Then, the first live show I ever saw was so sparkling.
Kasumi: And I thought to myself, "I want to be in a band too!"
Kasumi: Which is why I enjoy being a part of Poppin'Party so much!
Kasumi: Then I can be all like bwoww! With Random Star, my red hot guitar.
Kasumi: We'd love for you all to come and see our performance!
Kasumi: Hope you'll always support me and Poppin'Party!


<What I Like!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

Kasumi: Hm-hm-hmm~♪
Kasumi: Huh? Is that who I think it is...? Hey~! Excuse me~!
Kasumi: Ooh! I knew it was you, {{userName}}-san!
Kasumi: You're carrying so much stuff... Do you have a show to prepare for today?
Kasumi: You're always working so hard! Oh, you think my guitar must be heavy too?
Kasumi: Heh heh heh. Don't underestimate the great Kasumi Toyama! This is nothing!
Kasumi: My favorite thing is the guitar, my hobby is the guitar, and my secret talent is the guitar too!
Kasumi: I only just started playing recently, but it's really fun! It makes my heart pound every day!
Kasumi: Arisa, Rimi-rin, O-Tae, Saya and me are all working really hard to get ready for our next show!
Kasumi: That's right, I'm on my way to Arisa's house now to practice.
Kasumi: Did you know that Arisa has a warehouse?
Kasumi: And in the basement there's these huge speakers!
Kasumi: It's really spacious in there too~.
Kasumi: I always practice there with my friends.
Kasumi: Oh, and Arisa's grandma always cooks really delicious food for us-... Oh, no!
Kasumi: I promised Arisa I'd hurry to her place!
Kasumi: I'd better go! Practice calls my name!
Kasumi: Let's make our next show a great success!
Kasumi: I'll do anything to help out, so just let me know what I can do.
Kasumi: Okay, see ya~!
