101_Kasumi Toyama_R3 Sakura Party

<Sakura Party Round 2?!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Saya: *sigh* It's such a beautiful day today.
Kasumi: Yeah! The clear blue sky! The floating clouds! Don't days like this make you feel excited?!
Arisa: I've never seen you anything but excited.
Kasumi: Really? I'm never excited during class, you know?
Arisa: That's a completely different issue.
Saya: Well, I guess I know what you mean though, Kasumi. It was the same kind of weather when we had that sakura party. You were so full of beans that day.
Kasumi: I wasn't the only one! Everyone was having a great time! Right. Arisa?
Arisa: ... That party is nothing but a bunch of bad memories for me.
Kasumi: Huh? Why? You were bubbly towards the end!
Arisa: That's not called being bubbly! That was me losing it!
Saya: Ahaha... Kokoro's place sure was something though. It felt like there was sakura as far as the eye can see.
Arisa: True, it was pretty amazing... Who would've thought she lived in a place that stupidly big... That garden was ridiculous, too.
Kasumi: Your voice filled that garden at the end of the day, huh?
Arisa: Hey! Don’t bring that up ever again!
Saya: Fufu, Eve-chan looked so puzzled, didn't she?
Kasumi: She totally did!
Arisa: *sigh* She probably thinks I'm actually possessed now...! This is all your fault for saying we should have a party...!
Kasumi: There you go again~. You say that, but you're kinda grinning. Deep down you enjoyed it, right? Just be honest with yourself~.
Arisa: Don't be stupid! I hated it! I want to forget it ever happened!
Kasumi: Okay, okay, if you say so.
Saya: You know, I always wanted to do a sakura party like that. Everyone bringing something to eat and drink, don't you think it's kinda like what adults do?
Kasumi: I totally know what you mean! Sakura parties are such a grown-up's thing to do!
Arisa: You think so...? I think that sakura party we had the other day was more like an elementary school excursion than anything else.
Arisa: Look, if it were really an adult's sakura party we-
Kasumi: Oh~, speaking of sakura and all that, I totally wanna do something with everyone again!
Arisa: Hey, pay attention!
Kasumi: Where should we go next? Oh! We should ask Kokoron as well!
Arisa: Hell. No! Don't do it! Anything but her! She's a walking disaster!
Kasumi: Hey~, Arisa, that's a bit mean.
Arisa: Look, I've never seen anyone who makes as little sense as she does, okay?
Kasumi: What? But she's really nice! She invited us to her house!
Arisa: I know she did... But that's not the problem, you know?
Kasumi: Hrm~... I don't really get it~.
Arisa: I wasn't expecting you to... Like I'm happy and all that you got along super well with everyone, but Eve totally has the wrong idea about the way we do sakura parties now...
Arisa: That other girl... I forget her name, she's in Hello, Happy World! The one with the croquettes. I feel like I've seen her at school before.
Saya: Hagumi? She's in the same class as us.
Arisa: Yeah, that's her! The first time we ran into her she was tossing flower petals around.
Saya: Yeah... I think she said something about getting a point for every petal that hits...
Kasumi: ... Ooh! I just had a good idea!
Arisa: K-Kasumi! Stop right there! I know where you're going with this!
Kasumi: That sakura thing Hagumi and Kokoron were doing... Why don't we try it out and see if it's fun or not?
Saya: Umm, try what out...?
Kasumi: You're wide open, Saya! Hyah!
Saya: Eek! H-hey, Kasumi! C-cut it out...!
Kasumi: Yay~! I got the first point!
Saya: Grr... You little cheater~.
Saya: You're going down...! Hyah!
Kasumi: Whoa! That was close! But you missed! Kasumi Toyama still has the lead!
Saya: Grr! I'm so not losing to you!
Arisa: ... Weren't you guys saying something about adults and sakura a moment ago? Honestly, you guys are more immature than a bunch of elementary-
Arisa: ... *cough* Kasumi! Watch where you're throwing stuff!
Kasumi: Yay~! Gotcha! You lose, Arisa!
Arisa: Y-you little... Don't get all uppity just because you hit a target that wasn't moving!
Arisa: Screw this! I'm so gonna get you for that!
Arisa: Here I come! You're gonna regret this~!


<Sakura Isn't Bad>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

Kasumi: Oh! {{userName}}-san! There's something I wanted to tell you about! You're not gonna believe it!
Kasumi: I had a sakura party with all my friends the other day! It was sooo much fun~!
Kasumi: You're wondering if I went with the rest of the band? Heh heh heh. You could say that~.
Kasumi: It wasn't just our band, but all the other first grade girls from Hanasakigawa who are in bands too!
Kasumi: Isn't that amazing?! Kokoron invited us to her house to have the party, and...
Kasumi: Her place was sooo big! The garden was huge and it was full of sakura trees! It was so amazing~...
Kasumi: Everyone brought different things for us to eat too! It was like the most perfect sakura party ever!
Kasumi: I'm not really good at cooking, so I just bought some snacks for everyone. Ehehe…
Kasumi: But the things that everyone brought were so delicious!
Kasumi: Saya's buns, and Eve-chan's cookies! Eating under the sakura trees made everything taste a million times better.
Kasumi: I'm really surprised that so many people were able to come though...
Kasumi: Don't you think it's amazing? It's a total miracle~♪
Kasumi: I mean, we were all able to gather at that one place, at that one time! That kinda thing doesn't usually happen. It never happens!
Kasumi: I'm still amazed by it even now!
Kasumi: ... I was surprised Arisa came too~. She said she had plans, but maybe she canceled them so that she could come?
Kasumi: But she was really nervous at first, and she barely said a thing.
Kasumi: She was so quiet that I was worried she wasn't feeling well or something.
Kasumi: The way she was acting, don't they call that a wolf in sheep's clothing? Oh, Arisa~. Fufu.
Kasumi: But she seemed to really enjoy it by the end. She told everyone about her house and stuff.
Kasumi: She even invited everyone over!
Kasumi: ... Huh? No, it's true~! I know it's kinda hard to believe...
Kasumi: ... No! I'm not making it up! She said it herself, I promise!
Kasumi: Who would've thought Arisa would say something like that, right? It must've been the sakura power.
Kasumi: Sakura power? Hrm, it's kinda hard to put into words...
Kasumi: You've never felt it before, {{userName}}?
Kasumi: That thing that happens when you're under the sakura trees. Like, how you just naturally feel closer to everyone. Do you know what I mean?
Kasumi: You get that excited feeling, and just wanna do something! I'm sure everyone's felt it before.
Kasumi: We talked about so many things and laughed a lot too! I've got a feeling we're gonna become really close friends!
Kasumi: We talked about other stuff like we like too, not just the band
Kasumi: We really got to know each other!
Kasumi: I got to talk a lot to the girls from other bands too... I feel like my world's gotten kinda bigger~.
Kasumi: {{userName}}-san, don't you think I'm kinda more mature now? Like I've got this worldly kinda aura?
Kasumi: ... No? Oh, that's weird. I totally thought I did. Oh well.
Kasumi: I hope we can have a sakura party again next year~.
Kasumi: ... Oh, but before that, I wanna enjoy the moon festival, and see the pretty leaves in fall! There's too many things I wanna do! I can't choose!
Kasumi: Huh? ... Why not just do all of them? You're right! I should just do everything I wanna do! That means will have lots of chances to get closer too...
Kasumi: I bet my worldly aura will be even stronger then~! Fufufu~.
Kasumi: I'm gonna tell everyone right away! I can't believe I didn't think of this myself!
Kasumi: Thanks, {{userName}}!
Kasumi: If I get the chance, I wanna go out with some people from the upper grades too♪
Kasumi: Oh, would you like to join us?
Kasumi: Let me know if you wanna come!
