119_Kasumi Toyama_R2 First Fan

<Conveying Feelings>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono)

Kasumi: Hm~! It's been a while since I've had the day off. Where should I go?
Tae: Huh? Kasumi?
Kasumi: Hm? Ah! O-Tae!
Tae: What are you doing here?
Kasumi: I thought I should do something since we have a break today! What about you?
Tae: Just taking a walk while I think about a few things.
Kasumi: Like what?
Tae: Like the birthday show. ...That day was pretty fun, wasn't it?
Kasumi: Yeah! It was awesome! And there was that one week leading up to it. That was a super tight schedule.
Tae: Yeah. It wasn't easy, but it was part of the fun, too.
Kasumi: But Rimi-rin had it even harder than the rest of us. Not only did she create the song, but she wrote the lyrics, too!
Tae: It seemed like you were gonna write the lyrics for a moment there. Not even a second thought.
Kasumi: Heh, ehehe... Arisa got pretty mad at me for that.
Kasumi: Hey, but imagine being able to write the words of a song while thinking about someone else. Isn't that lovely?
Tae: That's definitely the way to put your feelings into a song if there is any.
Kasumi: Yeah! That's why while I was singing, I was also thinking about all of Rimi-rin's love for her sister. I wanted Yuri-senpai to feel it.
Tae: Yep. And it worked. I'm sure it got through to her. No question about it.
Kasumi: Really?! Thanks!
Kasumi: For us to be able to take Rimi-rin's feelings... and send them to her sister through our playing...
Kasumi: It feels like we're all connected through our music... and I love it!
Tae: It's more than just music. We're united by pastries, too.
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Tae: Our care package to Rimi... of the snacks we made for her.
Kasumi: Ohh, the Go-Go Bread. Yeah, I was thinking, "you can do it, Rimi," while we were making those.
Tae: I think Rimi knew exactly how we felt when she saw the Go-Go Bread.
Kasumi: Mhm! Yeah. ...I see. It's not only our music!
Kasumi: What a beautiful thing. Making a present for someone, full of love.
Tae: Present... huh?
Tae: ... Maybe I should write a song... for U-chan.
Kasumi: Huh?! Who is... U-chan...?!
Tae: One of my rabbits.
Kasumi: Ahaha. I should have known. You should do it! Your feelings will definitely get across to U-chan!
Tae: Yeah. You're right. ...Alright, I'll give it a try.
Kasumi: Okay! I'll join you! The song and the lyrics will be written by-
Tae: Me... Right?
Kasumi: Right...!
Kasumi: Alrighty! And with that, it's time for a sleepover! To Arisa's house!
Tae: ... Is that how this works?
Kasumi: Uhm... I'm not sure, but it'll be fine! Let's just head over there!
Tae: Won't she get upset?
Kasumi: No, no! Don't worry about it! Even Arisa wouldn't want to miss out on everything we've been talking about.
Kasumi: It's decided, so let's go~! O-Tae, c'mon~! Hurry~!


<You Can Do It Rimi-rin!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

Kasumi: Hmhmhm~, hmm~♪
Kasumi: ... Huh? Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Kasumi: Hello~! Do you have a day off today?
Kasumi: You do?! I do too, so I've been looking at instruments~.
Kasumi: At the birthday concert, Yuri-senpai was using a really cute pick. I think one of those would be nice!
Kasumi: Uh huh, yeah! We played in a birthday show recently!
Kasumi: For who...? Rimi-rin's older sister, Yuri-senpai!
Kasumi: And the song we played was completely new~. Heh heh, isn't that amazing?
Kasumi: It was super awesome. And guess what! Rimi-rin wrote the music and the lyrics!
Kasumi: Because it was a song for her sister, she wanted to be the one to put it together. And she was actually able to do it.
Kasumi: We wanted to help her since she was working so hard on writing the lyrics, so we baked some pastries for her.
Kasumi: Yeah, we made them together at Saya's house!
Kasumi: When the smell of fresh bread started coming from the stove, I'm not sure why, but it made me really excited~.
Kasumi: Of course, Rimi-rin is amazing, but so is the rest of the group.
Kasumi: To be able to finish a song and perform it with just a week's time.
Kasumi: It's so great to be able to pull off something like that with the band.
Kasumi: Just another moment to make me feel like I want us all to keep doing our best!
