333_Kasumi Toyama_R4 On to the Greatest Stage!

Gacha phrase: Hey! Why don't we all get into a huddle then?!

<Making Flyers Together>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Sigh, still no sign of the others~. There's no way we can start rehearsal with just the two of us.
Arisa: Forget about them. You just came too early... You realize there's still another hour until we start, right?
Kasumi: But we're gonna be practicing a brand new song for this event! Of course I wanted to get an early start!
Arisa: You're still an hour ahead of schedule. Everyone else has stuff that they need to take care of!
Kasumi: Alrighty, so what should we do until they get here?
Arisa: Don't you have something you have to do? All you've been doing recently is attending review sessions. Shouldn't you maybe study some vocab-
Kasumi: Arisa! Didn't you promise you wouldn't talk about that?!
Arisa: I promised no such thing!
Kasumi: Right now, I want to focus on the event~. I want to do something that will help us prepare for that!
Arisa: Still, 'something that will help us prepare' is pretty much just practicing our new song, right?
Kasumi: I don't know~. I wanna help out with other things too~... There's gotta be something~...
Kasumi: ... Ah! I know! I just came up with an awesome idea!
Arisa: There it is~, along with an all-too-familiar sensation. I've got a really bad feeling about this...!
Kasumi: No~! I swear, this is a great idea! We're gonna be at an event with lots and lots of people, so we should make flyers that we can use to let everyone know who we are!
Kasumi: You remember? Someone said during the Girls Band Party that we can't let adults do things like this for us.
Kasumi: Right?! So while we wait for the others to show up, let's design a flyer!
Arisa: ... Geez. Alright, alright. Fine, whatever...
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Let's see~... We definitely need to put the title of the song, right? Also, a short introduction for everyone... Ah, and I have to put everyone's birthday on it too~...
Arisa: Well~? How is the flyer coming along? I brought some juice for you~.
Kasumi: Thanks! I think it's coming along great! Take a look!
Arisa: ... What do we have here~? Wait, this is too much! Don't you think it looks a little too chaotic?!
Kasumi: Y-you think so...?
Arisa: Not to mention the writing here is so small! You'd need a magnifying glass to have a chance at reading this!
Kasumi: Well, what was I supposed to do?! There are so many things I wanna put on it!
Arisa: Who could understand this map of how to get to CiRCLE from the station anyway?! It's like a kid was drawing a treasure map...
Kasumi: Stop yelling at me~! If you know so much, why don't you make a flyer then~?!
Arisa: ... Guess I have to now. Alright, let me go get something first...
Kasumi: Huh? What's that?
Arisa: My computer... Gimme a sec' while I go get it.
Kasumi: Y-your computer...?!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Wow, wow wow! You're typing super fast!  Th-that's amazing! Too amazing, Arisa...
Kasumi: Arisa... You're really awesome...
Arisa: There's no reason to be so impressed, you know! These days, pretty much anyone can use a computer!
Kasumi: That's not true! I can only use my phone! I challenged myself to learn how to use a computer once, and it just made no sense. It ended up being a total failure~.
Arisa: Kn-know something... You don't have to be so dramatic about it, with your challenges and failures and whatever.
Kasumi: But it was so hard... Ah, I get it! You're probably better at this sort of thing because you can play the keyboard!
Arisa: That has nothing to do with it! I have to say, you came a really long way with the guitar considering that mindset.
Kasumi: The guitar is completely different!
Kasumi: When you play it, sounds come out, and the way you use your fingers is not even close to the same!
Arisa: Stop getting all worked up! These are things you just have to get used to. Computers, keyboards, whatever it is, you just keep on playing around with it, and at some point, you get used to using it.
Kasumi: Is that what it is...? Alright... Let me try! Let me use the computer!
Arisa: ... I mean, sure, why not? Here, give it a shot.
Kasumi: O-okay...? Wh-where should I start...?
Arisa: Doesn't really matter... Why don't you try typing "Kasumi Toyama"? Your own name. How about that?
Kasumi: ... Huh? I-isn't this already kinda hard?
Arisa: It's your own name! This is basic stuff!
Kasumi: O-okay, Arisa! Alright... Here I go!
Arisa: D-do you really need to prepare yourself that much?
Kasumi: ... L-let's see... "Kasumi Toyama," so... "K," right? "K" is... Uhm...
Kasumi: ... Hey, Arisa, so... when I press the button, for some reason it shows up in lowercase instead of uppercase... What's that about...?
Arisa: I-I have to explain that...? Wait, that means we could be here all day and the flyers wouldn't get done!
Arisa: Gimme the computer! I'll teach you how to use it later!
Arisa: Look, we want to put a picture of Poppin'Party on this part of the flyer, right?! You take this, go like this, and...
Kasumi: Whoa! There's a picture on the screen now! ... What?! The color of the letters changed! Wow~! They changed shape too~!
Kasumi: Arisa! You really are amazing! No way~! Now you have symbols too!
Arisa: Ughhh! Put a sock in it, will you?!


<Poppin'Party Merch>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Ah! {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Kasumi: ... Hm? Of course I'm energetic as always. And I don't feel cold at all...
Kasumi: ... Ah! That reminds me! There's something I wanted to ask you.
Kasumi: While we're both here, let's talk a little!
Kasumi: Wahoo! Thanks~!
Kasumi: So, the thing I wanted to talk about... I had been wondering for a while why you weren't at the event the other day.
Kasumi: ... Ah! So that's why! Not much of a choice when you have other work to take care of.
Kasumi: Mhm! As expected, the event was a huge success! Ah, but I'm sure you heard all about it from Marina-san, right?
Kasumi: Ehehe~. Yeah~, that performance was non-stop excitement, and everyone was so into it!
Kasumi: And we ended up handing out every single flyer that CiRCLE made for us!
Kasumi: Yep! It was pretty tough with the number of flyers we had, but there were also a lot of people to make up for it, so we were able to pull it off somehow!
Kasumi: But you know, if you were there, we might have been able to hand them out a lot faster.
Kasumi: ... Ah, that's right. You were busy doing something else! Can't really do anything about that. Sorry, sorry!
Kasumi: Ah! There's more! On our way home, Marina-san gave us all a t-shirt and a towel with a Poppin'Party logo on it!
Kasumi: I'm sure you know about those too, right? Aren't they so cool?
Kasumi: I hung it up, right in my room~!
Kasumi: And my mom and dad were so happy! They were saying "Let's make it a family treasure" and stuff like that!
Kasumi: I bet you helped Marina-san prepare those, right?
Kasumi: Thank you so much!
Kasumi: I couldn't believe you guys were preparing such cool towels and t-shirts in secret. I really had no idea~.
Kasumi: ... Hm? Wait, that shirt you're wearing under your jacket...
Kasumi: ... Ah! I knew it! It is! It's the Poppin'Party t-shirt, right?!
Kasumi: So you like it too...! Wow, that's music to my ears~.
Kasumi: But... if you're wearing a jacket, then no one can see the Poppin'Party logo...
Kasumi: C'mon! Take it off so that everyone else can see!
Kasumi: ... What? It's not even that cold!
Kasumi: Oh, come on~, that was such a fake sneeze~.
Kasumi: ... Ahahaha! Yeah! That's so much better~.
Kasumi: Ah... Ah... Achoo...! Ahahaha... I-I guess it might be a tiny bit cold...
Kasumi: Ehehe... Sorry~... Maybe it actually was better for you to be wearing your jacket...
Kasumi: I know! What if you wear one of the t-shirts over your jacket?! That would be perfect!
