338_Kasumi Toyama_R2 Poppin' Colors!

<New Outfits and Their Sentiments>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Hey~, Arisa~. What should we do for our new stage outfits? A sparkling look is best, right? Or maybe a cool, stylish design is better?
Kasumi: Ah~, but I really wanna do a cute look!
Arisa: Okay, sounds fine to me...
Kasumi: Oh! And it has to be something that people will look at and immediately think, "Yup, that's so Poppin'Party!"
Arisa: Uh-huh, agreed...
Kasumi: We should use a really bright color as the main color, right? What about adding super frilly frills too? Well, what do you think?!
Arisa: If you think it's a good idea, then it's cool with me...
Kasumi: Arisa~! C'mon! Think about it! What should we do~?
Arisa: I-I don't really care either way, though. We can just do whatever you wanna do!
Kasumi: But these are the costumes everyone will be wearing! We all need to take this seriously!
Arisa: ... You? Doing something 'seriously'...? Yeah, okay...
Kasumi: That's what I'm doing right now, isn't it...?!  Oh! And I was thinking, what if we add everyone's favorite things to our outfits?
Arisa: Huh? F-favorite things? Like what?
Kasumi: What~? Well, I like stars, right? Saya likes ribbons, Rimi-rin likes chocolate cornets, O-Tae likes rabbits!
Kasumi: And Arisa, you like bonsai!
Arisa: What the-?! What the heck would that even look like?! I can't even imagine that!
Kasumi: Hm~, yeah. What would it be like? We could do a bonsai pattern, or use bonsai colors...  Or we could make your costume bonsai shaped...
Kasumi: Oh! How about wearing a bonsai on your head?!
Arisa: No way! No one would get it!
Kasumi: Okay, how about a bonsai pattern then?
Arisa: That's just as bad...! Look, let's just forget the bonsai thing!
Kasumi: Okay, so what else do you like?
Arisa: ... How about instead of making separate costumes, why don't we just have the same design for everyone?
Kasumi: Ah, I knew it, Arisa! In other words, you want to match with everyone, right?!
Arisa: Huh?! N-no, that's not... That's not what I meant!
Arisa: I just think it will be easier designing one costume instead of five, that's all...
Kasumi: Alright, then it's decided!
Kasumi: Ehehe, all of us wearing matching outfits really gets me going!
Arisa: Y-yeah, I guess...
Kasumi: And by wearing matching outfits, it feels like our hearts are one. Either way, it gets me really excited!
Arisa: ...
Arisa: ... Ugh. When you say it like that, I guess I really do have to help, don't I...?
Kasumi: Arisa?
Arisa: Alright, Let's start with the color scheme. We also have to think about the design, pattern, and what accessories we'll be wearing...
Arisa: You wanted to use bright colors, something very Poppin'Party, right? Then we should go for a colorful design as well.
Kasumi: Yeah! Let's do it!
Arisa: Ah, we should make something that shows our growth as a band too. It can't just be cutesy.
Kasumi: Yes, exactly! Wow~! I was thinking the same things!
Arisa: Well, you're pretty easy to read, so...
Kasumi: You think? I feel like it's something only you can do...
Arisa: N-no way! A-alright, c'mon! You need to take this seriously too...!


<Lifelong Treasure>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kasumi: Ehehe~♪ This is so cute~!
Kasumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san! How long were you standing there?! What? You saw me smiling to myself?! Say something sooner next time~!
Kasumi: I was grinning at this picture!
Kasumi: Ta-da~!! Look, look! Poppin'Party's new outfits are ready to go!
Kasumi: I know, right?! They're so cute~!
Kasumi: I'm getting hyped up just looking at them~! Don't you feel it too?
Kasumi: Ehehe, I can't wait to wear these for a concert! Argh~, I wanna wear them right now~!
Kasumi: With these costumes, our performances are sure to have a totally new feel to them!
Kasumi: We all worked together to design these outfits... And then to be able to wear them on stage...
Kasumi: I'm sure it'll be something I always remember~♪
Kasumi: Mhm! Of course, my last outfit is something I cherish and love! It's like I have another treasure to hold on to now!
Kasumi: How do I put this~? It's like, ever since we started this band, my treasure trove has been getting bigger and bigger.
Kasumi: My old outfits, my guitar Random Star, all of the songs we've performed...
Kasumi: And all the friends I've made are all so precious to me...
Kasumi: Oh! But my most precious treasures are definitely the members of Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: It really is a miracle that we were all able to meet each other!
Kasumi: Ah! Of course, I feel the same about meeting you and Marina-san!
Kasumi: And with all the things we're going to see and do from now on, my treasure trove's going to get even bigger! My hearts pounding with excitement!
Kasumi: So, to keep going down this road, I, Kasumi Toyama, will work harder and harder! Harder than ever before~!
