402_Kasumi Toyama_R3 Performing with Everyone

Gacha phrase: I had a ton of fun at today's show.

<Poppin'Party's Celebration!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Alright, finally... Let's have a toast to a job well done at this last performance~! Ready?!
All: Cheers!
Kasumi: Guys, I bought lots of candy! I'll spread them out here! Eat up!
Arisa: Wow, you sure went all out.
Saya: I brought bread like I always do. Have as much as you want.
Rimi: Yay! You can't have a Poppin'Party celebration without Saya-chan's bread.
Tae: I have butter. Would you like some?
Rimi: Mhm! Thank you, O-Tae-chan!
Arisa: O-Tae... You actually brought butter...? And of course, Rimi's using it like it's no big deal...
Kasumi: Wasn't that performance so exciting?! I couldn't even sleep when I finally got home.
Arisa: Except, you actually did fall asleep while texting us...
Saya: Speaking of that, what were you trying to say in that last message when you wrote, "Next time, we"?
Kasumi: I think I sent that by mistake when I was falling asleep... Even I don't know what I meant.
Arisa: More importantly, Kasumi, you need to learn some self-control so you can pace yourself.
Kasumi: Huh? Why's that?
Arisa: Think about it. We're only gonna have more songs from here on out. Our shows might become longer.
Arisa: I know always giving it your all is one of your strengths, but you realize your body isn't gonna hold out, right?
Kasumi: A-Arisa... You're that worried about me...?!
Arisa: N-no! That's not what I'm saying!
Kasumi: Thank you, Arisa! I love you~!
Arisa: G-get off of me! I'm just thinking about how bad it would be if you passed out on stage in the middle of a show...!
Tae: Isn't that the same thing as being worried about her?
Arisa: Are you even listening?!
Rimi: Actually, Arisa-chan might be right. Sure, we wouldn't want to give less than our 100 percent, but you may also need to pace yourself.
Saya: Mhm! I couldn't agree more. After all, we're gonna need you to sing even more songs in the future than you do now.
Kasumi: Oh... Yeah, you're right. Okay! I'll do my best to pace myself. I'll have self-control! No need to worry anymore, Arisa!
Arisa: ... O-okay.
Kasumi: Alrighty, I am starving. I think it's candy time~.
Arisa: Ah, hold on. My grandma told me earlier that we can order pizza.
Kasumi: R-really?!
Arisa: She said it's her treat.
Kasumi: Thanks, Grandma Ichigaya! Wahoo~, pizza~!
Saya: Ahaha. Pizza does always liven up the party~. Should we all decide on some toppings?
Tae: I like whatever has tomatoes on it! And bacon! Also...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, you're really into this... I think I'd like mushrooms on mine...
Arisa: Can't forget about avocado. It goes really well together with cheese, you know.
Kasumi: I want bacon and salami, of course. A-also, teriyaki chicken and ham!
Arisa: Could you order any more meat?!
Saya: Alright, I'll take all of your orders and call the store.
Kasumi: Thank you, Saya~!
Kasumi: Ahh~... Just thinking about pizza makes me so much hungrier... We can just have a tiny bit of candy while we wait for it to get here~.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Arisa: Here it is, the pizza you've all been waiting for~.
Tae: Wow, it smells so good!
Rimi: It does~! Here's everyone's plate and hand towel.
Saya: Thank you, Rimi-rin. Now, to put it in the middle of the table, and~...! Voilà!
Arisa: Ohh~! Look at that melty cheese... It looks so good~... Hey, Kasumi! Come join us...!
Kasumi: O-okay...
Arisa: Hm? What's wrong? Why do you seem so down...?
Rimi: She said she ate too much candy and now she's full...
Kasumi: I'm definitely still eating... J-just give me a moment...!
Arisa: Didn't we just tell you to learn some self-control?!


<Pacing Practice>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ah! {{userName}}-san, hey~!
Kasumi: Huh? Me? I was running!
Kasumi: No no no! This isn't marathon practice or anything like that! It's band related!
Kasumi: Oh, no question. It could be a good way to build stamina, but I'm doing this to practice something even more important.
Kasumi: Uhhh, you know how we had a concert the other day? So after that, we wanted to do something to celebrate, but I used up all my energy during the performance and ended up not being able to go.
Kasumi: That's when Arisa told me I should learn to pace myself...
Kasumi: And she's right about that since the number of songs I'll have to sing at each show could go up.
Kasumi: That's why I'm training now!
Kasumi: You know, it's really hard though~. I didn't think it would be so tough...
Kasumi: It's like I try, but then I can't remember what's happening in the moment, or something like that...
Kasumi: Mhm! I definitely plan to give every performance my all, but if I don't take things a little at a time, I could be totally wiped out by the end of our shows.
Kasumi: And if that happens, I'll be disappointing all the people who actually made the effort to come see us perform.
Kasumi: Have I looked up ways to practice this? Of course!
Kasumi: They said you should start off by trying to run long distances if you want to learn to pace yourself.
Kasumi: Right! And that's why I'm out running today.
Kasumi: Yep! It may only be little by little, but I feel like it's paying off!
Kasumi: And I was feeling really good today, so I ran even farther than usual.
Kasumi: I can go for much longer than I could before!
Kasumi: And all of this is thanks to what Arisa said~.
Kasumi: ... Oh, today? We're gonna be having band rehearsal later!
Kasumi: Exactly! We're all gonna meet in Arisa's basement.
Kasumi: Hehe~♪ I hope they're ready to see the fruits of my labor~.
Kasumi: Ahh~, I'm glad I got in some good training again today...
Kasumi: Yawn~...
Kasumi: ... Huh? I think I might be sleepy after all that exercise...
Kasumi: Yawn~.
Kasumi: How weird... I'm so ready to pass out...
Kasumi: But I've been training to pace myself...
Kasumi: No, I can't... Wait, why? {{userName}}-san, why is this happening? Why am I so sleepy...?
(Black cut)
