577_Kasumi Toyama_R4 We Did It?!

Gacha phrase: Happy New Year, everybody!!

<All Together Next Year>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE Stage - New Year's Party]

Rimi: Kasumi-chan, why don't you take a break? You haven't had a chance to eat yet, right?
Kasumi: Wow~! Did you grab all this food for me? Thank you~!
Rimi: Ever since the talent show ended, you've been busy talking with everyone.
Saya: We thought you might be getting hungry.
Kasumi: Thank you~! Ah, now that I think about it, my stomach does feel a bit grumbly... I better have a bite to eat!
Kasumi: ... Mmm~♪This is so good!  You brought me all my favorites too!
Tae: Arisa was extra careful picking out dishes for you.
Arisa: What the-?! O-Tae! I-I was not...
Kasumi: Is this the rolled egg Lisa-san made? It's so tasty!
Saya: Isn't it? The texture is so light and fluffy, just like a professional.
Kasumi: Ah, isn't this the fried chicken you brought, Arisa? Mmm, it's delicious!
Arisa: Th-that's because my grandma made it...
Rimi: Would you like some ozoni? Marina-san brought some, and it's very good.
Kasumi: Really?! Yeah, I'd love some! Thanks, Rimi-rin! Wow♪ Look at all the mochi!
Saya: Isn't it nice watching Kasumi's face light up when she's eating something tasty?
Rimi: It sure is! She always has such a big smile on her face!
Saya: Considering how hard you worked today, I think you've earned the right to eat whatever you want.
Kasumi: Ehehe~! Yay~!
Rimi: Today's talent show really was amazing though. Your magic act was great!
Kasumi: Thanks Rimi-rin! It's too bad we screwed up at the end though~.
Kasumi: And it would have been fun to see you, Saya, and Arisa do something too. Do you have any secret talents?
Rimi: M-me...? I don't know.
Tae: What about eating buns blindfolded?
Rimi: Like what Moca-chan did? I suppose if it was only chocolate cornets, I might be able to do that...
Saya: That was really something, wasn't it~? What a pleasant surprise.
Kasumi: Hey, what about you, Arisa? Do you have any hidden talents?
Arisa: M-me?! Not really. Besides, I'm fine with just watching...
Kasumi: What~?! But that sounds so boring~. Come on, there must be something!
Tae: What about identifying bonsai?
Arisa: Wh-what exactly would I be identifying?!
Kasumi: You could look at the tree and then... maybe try to guess its age?
Arisa: That's so dull! People don't want to see that! No one would know the answer anyway!
Saya: Fufu...! I don't know, it's so artistic, so it might actually be a nice addition to the show.
Kasumi: Ah, what if next year, Poppin'Party entered the talent show?!
Rimi: You mean doing something together? I suppose that would be fun... But what would we do?
Tae: Why don't we all impersonate rabbits?
Saya: All of us... doing that...
Arisa: I think I just saw my life flash before my eyes...
Kasumi: There must be something we could do~. A talent that represents all of us...
Tae: Well, wouldn't that be... our band?
Arisa: Everyone already knows about that, though.
Kasumi: Ooo... You're right... Ah, then we'll just have to find something we can all do before the party next year!
Kasumi: If we work hard to put together an act, I'm sure our bond as a band would get stronger too! Doesn't that sound great?
Arisa: Y-you know... I will never understand how you can say such embarrassing things...
Tae: Ah, Arisa's blushing.
Arisa: I-I am not!
Saya: Fufufu... Alright, why not?! Sounds like we're in for a fun year!
Rimi: Yeah. I can't wait.
Kasumi: Alright! Now to start this year off with a cheer! Ready... Set... Go!
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!


<Forming a Duet?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Hmhmm~♪ Another day of practice, practice~♪
Kasumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Marina: Hey, Kasumi-chan. Does Poppin'Party have practice after this? Looks like you're the first one here.
Kasumi: Yup! After all the fun we had at our New Year's party, I'm extra excited for our rehearsal today!
Kasumi: Oh yeah, thanks again for letting us have it here, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Kasumi: The only reason we could throw such a fun party was because you let us use the studio and helped us get everything ready!
Marina: We're the ones who should be thanking you. That party went off without a hitch because of all your hard work. We had nothing to do with it.
Marina: I would never have thought to hold a talent show here.
Kasumi: I just figured it'd be nice to have some sort of event to celebrate the new year!
Kasumi: I had such a blast when we did our joint concert, so I really wanted to do something like that again!
Marina: So that's how it happened... Leave it to a high-schooler to come up with such a creative idea~.
Kasumi: And everyone's performances were so good! I wish the owner and {{userName}}-san could have been there to see it...
Marina: Don't worry about that. I already showed them the video I took.
Kasumi: Wow, you did?!
Marina: The owner was really impressed by your magic tricks.
Marina: {{userName}}-san here seemed to enjoy them too.
Kasumi: That's great! Thank you so much!
Kasumi: We just couldn't get it right during our practices, so I'm glad our final performance turned out so well!
Kasumi: That is, aside from the very end...
Marina: I mean, I thought it was fine.
Kasumi: But you know what? With everything that happened, I feel like I got closer to Aya-senpai!
Kasumi: We were constantly messaging each other!
Kasumi: Ah, and guess what! We even made plans to go to karaoke together!
Marina: That does sound like fun~. If only I could join you.
Kasumi: Of course you can! We'd love to have you!
Marina: Fufufu. Sorry, I was just kidding. Ah, why don't you and Aya-chan perform a duet at next year's talent show?
Kasumi: That's a great idea! Aya-senpai and I better get practicing!
Kasumi: In that case... I better send her a message right away!
Kasumi: Alright, see you later, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
