686_Kasumi Toyama_R4 As Love Rains Down

Gacha phrase: Ehehe~♪ What do you think? I came all dressed up~!

<Does it Suit Me?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Toyama Residence - Kasumi's Room]

Kasumi: Here we go... Nnngh~! H-huh? What's going on...?
Asuka: Hey Sis, are you ready yet~? Arisa-san's already here, you know~.
Kasumi: J-just a minute! All I need to do is get this dress zipped up~!
Kasumi: I didn't have this problem when I tried it on, so why now...? Hngh... Nnngh~! Ah, I got it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi: Hey, Aa-chan, how do I look? Does everything look okay?
Asuka: Yep, looks good to me. You look completely different from your usual self.
Kasumi: Thank goodness. Ehehe... Huh? Wait, what do you mean by that?
Arisa: Hey~, what's taking so long? We're gonna be late... Huh? You look ready to me.
Kasumi: Arisa, that dress is so cute! It looks so, so, so good on you!
Arisa: Wh-where did that come from...? We bought these dresses together. You've seen this dress before!
Kasumi: I thought it looked good back then too, but it looks even better today! What do you think, Aa-chan?
Asuka: It really does look great. It's the perfect blend of cute and sophisticated!
Arisa: Th-thanks...
Kasumi: Hey... Why didn't you compliment me like that...?
Arisa: You're just imagining thi-... Forget it! We don't have time! We can't be late today, so let's go!
Kasumi: Ah, right! I'll be back later~!
Asuka: See you then. Arisa-san, take care of Sis for me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Wedding Hall - Outside]

Tsugumi: Ah, there they are! Hey~! We're over here~!
Kasumi: Tsugu~! Ran-chan! Huff, puff... Are we late?
Ran: You're fine. They're still setting up.
Kasumi: Huh? Really? We only just made it in time, so I thought for sure it had already started~.
Arisa: We could have taken our time getting here if you hadn't had so many problems with your dress...
Ran: Filming hasn't even started and you two already look tired.
Kasumi: Ah~, Ran-chan!
Ran: Wh-what?
Kasumi: You're wearing a dress! It's so different from your usual style. You look like an actress in a movie!
Ran: Wha-... That's how everyone looks wearing a dress...
Kasumi: That's not true! You look so... Fancy! Fancy and sparkly~!
Tsugumi: She's always had great posture, and she really is graceful, so dresses like this look great on her.
Ran: Come on, cut it out... This doesn't suit me at all... Tsugumi's the one who looks good in clothes like this.
Kasumi: She's right, Tsugu, they really do suit you~. Pretty dresses like these just scream "Tsugu"!
Tsugumi: Ehehe... You really think so...? I'm not used to wearing them, so it's actually a little embarrassing...
Kasumi: Well, I think you both look great! You think so too, right, Arisa?!
Arisa: Huh? Uh, y-yeah... You look great...
Kasumi: Huh? Is something wrong? Does your tummy hurt?
Arisa: No! It's just... I don't know... I'm not used to talking about cute stuff like this... I don't know what to say...
Ran: I think I get it... There are times when I don't know how to react when Himari gets excited.
Tsugumi: Fufu, Himari-chan sure does love to talk about cute things, doesn't she?
Ran: Anyway, don't worry too much about it. We still have a wedding to film after this, so there's no use in wearing yourself out now.
Arisa: I guess you're right... Thanks.
Ran: By the way, you three went to buy your dresses together, right?
Tsugumi: I didn't think I could pick out the right thing by myself... Thanks to everyone's help though, I found a nice dress, so I'm glad I went with other people.
Arisa: There's no way Kasumi would have picked out the right thing on her own.
Kasumi: Huh?! That's not true~! I can go shopping all by myself...
Arisa: Weren't you the one who picked out that dress with the huge star on it?
Kasumi: But it was so cute~!
Tsugumi: That wouldn't have worked... You would have stood out more than the bride.
Arisa: And didn't you go into one of those expensive shops, only to come running out...?
Kasumi: Yeah... Those price tags made my heart jump.
Ran: Fufu... I can imagine. Well, you all found dresses that suit you, so I guess it was worth it.
Kasumi: Yeah, for sure! And your dress looks great too, Ran-chan. It's cute, but cool... I wonder if it would look the same on me.
Arisa: I don't know about that. You and Ran-chan are pretty different...
Kasumi: Hey~! I'm sure if I tried really, really hard, I could look as cool as Ran-chan...
Arisa: Nope, impossible...
Kasumi: ... Yeah, impossible.
Tsugumi: Ah, it looks like everyone's starting to gather! This is it, everyone!
Kasumi: Yeah! Together we're gonna make this the best wedding Eve-chan's ever had!


<One More Wedding>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ah, hey there, {{userName}}-san!
Kasumi: Oh! I know this is kinda sudden, but are you planning on having a wedding anytime soon?
Kasumi: It could even be a small party! As long as the guests get to dress up!
Kasumi: ... Ah, I suppose asking something like that would raise a lot of questions, wouldn't it? Ahaha...
Kasumi: You see, I bought a fancy dress recently, and I really want to wear it again.
Kasumi: It'd be a shame to waste such a pretty dress after all. I only got to wear it when we were filming that commercial.
Kasumi: Ah, did you hear? I was in a commercial with Eve-chan! I've officially made my TV debut!
Kasumi: Eve-chan was the bride, and Arisa, Tsugu, Ran-chan and I were the bridesmaids!
Kasumi: I was a little nervous during filming, but it was so much fun! Eve-chan was so beautiful in that wedding dress too...
Kasumi: Watching her from the sidelines as a bridesmaid was so heart-pounding, and I really want to experience that feeling again!
Kasumi: I don't really have that many opportunities to wear a dress though. Most students just wear their uniforms to events.
Kasumi: Which is why I was so happy to buy a dress for the commercial!
Kasumi: And that's why I'm asking if you have any special events coming up? So? Anything you want to tell me about?
Kasumi: Awww, I see... I suppose I can't expect much on such short notice.
Kasumi: Ah, I've got it! If there aren't any weddings coming up, I can just make my own!
Kasumi: What about a wedding-themed concert? Poppin'Party and I could wear dresses and decorate the stage like a wedding hall! Doesn't that sound like fun?
Kasumi: We could all walk down the aisle to the sounds of bells, and then... we grab our guitars instead of rings!
Kasumi: And then, and then! Instead of singing hymns, we could have the audience sing along to our songs... Yeah, that would be great!
Kasumi: I need to talk to my bandmates about it right away! ... Wait, I wonder if everyone has a dress.
Kasumi: Arisa has one for sure, since we bought ours together... Oh well, I guess we could always go shopping!
Kasumi: If we ever have a wedding themed concert, I hope you stop by, {{userName}}-san!
Kasumi: Ah, but don't forget to dress formally! Getting to wear something different is the entire point!
Kasumi: I'll be sure to send you an invitation, so be on the look out!
Kasumi: Okay, see you at the studio~!
