717_Kasumi Toyama_R3 Living but Dead

Gacha phrase: Rimi-rin, don't ever become a zombie, okay?!

<Behind-the-Scene Spoilers>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Kokoro: What a stupend-erific movie that was! I didn't think zombie movies would be so much fun! It went above and beyond my expectations!
Kasumi: R-really?! It was way more terrifying than I thought it'd be. I was more or less fine when we were watching movies at Rimi-rin's house.
Kokoro: That's because the sound and the big screen makes it more impactful, right?
Kasumi: That's probably it. When a zombie would pop up, I couldn't help but cover my eyes~!
Kokoro: Wasn't it just the best? After today's movie, I like zombies even more!
Kokoro: Earlier, I saw a zombie movie exhibition going on! Once those two are back, let's go check it out!
Kasumi: An exhibition, huh? Well, I'm watching their bags, so you can go ahead first, Kokoron.
Kasumi: We'll join you once they're back!
Kokoro: You will? Okay, I'll head over then!
Kasumi: Kokoron sure enjoyed that movie a lot... Well, I thought the movie itself was interesting...
Kasumi: It's just that the zombies were too realistic... Even though I know it's all fake, it was still scary... I bet I'll have nightmares about zombies tonight...
Kasumi: Huh? ... What's that...? It doesn't sound like the bell they ring when a movie's about to start...
Theater Announcement: Attention, everyone. There has been an emergency in the theater. For everyone's safety, we ask that you evacuate the premises immediately.
Kasumi: A-an emergency?! What does that mean?! Did a fire break out or something?!
Kasumi: Everyone here is in a panic... I-I should probably get out of here, too...
Kasumi: B-but Rimi-rin and Misaki-chan aren't back yet... And Kokoron went to check out that zombie exhibition...
Staff: We ask that you remain calm and make your way out slowly!
Kasumi: I guess I should follow the staff's instructions for now...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: I evacuated just like the staff told us to... But those three are still nowhere to be found...
Kasumi: I also have everyone's bags, so they might be looking for me inside...
Kasumi: Wasn't there a scene like this in the movie we just watched...? Even though that one person escaped the danger, they went back in for the sake of their friend...
Kasumi: What should I do...? It could be dangerous inside, but I can still make it if I go now...
Kasumi: ... That settles it! I can't just leave the others behind!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Kasumi: Huff, puff... I ran all the way back, but I still can't find them...
Kasumi: There were tons of people earlier... but now, it's like a ghost town...
Misaki: Rimi! Over here!
Rimi: Why... Why did it turn out like this...?
Kasumi: I finally found them! But, wait. Why are they in such a hurry...? Plus they're making their way to the food court, not the exit...
Kasumi: It's as if they're being chased by something... What? No way...
Aya: Grah!!
Kasumi: I-s that... Aya-senpai? She looks exactly like the zombies that were in the movie...
Kasumi: And it's not just Aya-senpai... There's a whole horde of zombies... Is this what they meant by an emergency?!
Kasumi: The zombies are all heading to the food court... They're chasing after Rimi-rin and Misaki-chan! I-I gotta do something to help them...
Kasumi: Should I head back outside and get help? ... No, there's not enough time for that! I know, I'll call for help on my phone...
Kasumi: Then... Ohh... What should I do after that?! What can I do?!
???: What are you doing over there?
Kasumi: Eeek! Th-they found me...  D-don't eat my brain...!
Chisato: Calm down, Kasumi-chan. It's me.
Kasumi: Huh...? Chisato-senpai?
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Kasumi: What?! You're filming a zombie prank?!
Chisato: Yes. That's why I told you guys to go straight home after the movie. I apologize for not being able to explain earlier.
Kasumi: So that means Rimi-rin and Misaki-chan aren't in any danger! And Aya-senpai didn't become a zombie or anything, right?!
Chisato: Yes, don't worry. Once she catches up with them, we'll hold up a sign saying they were pranked.
Kasumi: That's a relief... Ahaha. Now that I know everyone's safe, my knees are giving way...
Chisato: They already started filming, so we can't go outside now. My apologies, but do you mind staying here? You can watch the whole process.
Kasumi: Okay, sounds good. That actually works out better for me. I can barely move right now...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, Misaki-chan... I can't do anything for you guys right now, but please do whatever you can to stay alive...


<New Kind of Heart-Pounding>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Riverside]

Kasumi: Eeek!
Kasumi: O-oh, it's just you, {{userName}}-san... Ahaha. Sorry I let out such a loud scream...
Kasumi: I've been watching a bunch of horror movies with Rimi-rin and the others lately, so I've just been extra jumpy~.
Kasumi: Somehow, everywhere I go seems a little scary now...
Kasumi: If there's even the slightest bit of darkness on the streets at night, I start wondering if there's something lurking in that darkness...
Kasumi: Or if there's a sound coming from where I can't see, I completely freak out...
Kasumi: All this because I watched a few movies...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin watches horror movies alone all the time! Can you believe it?
Kasumi: I'm happy that Rimi-rin has a wonderful time with horror... I just don't think it's for me...
Kasumi: Misaki-chan and Kokoron did say they enjoyed seeing my reactions though.
Kasumi: I guess I might have cause a bit of a ruckus... But I don't think my reactions were that interesting.
Kasumi: Ahh, my heart just wouldn't stop pounding... I know I say I love heart-pounding things, but this is completely different.
Kasumi: What I want is the kind of heart-pounding that's like, pow! Bright and sparkling!
Kasumi: That's completely different from the heart-pounding you get from watching horror, right? It's all dark and creepy. Just thinking about it makes my heart want to jump out of my chest!
Kasumi: I don't think my body can take any more than this~.
Kasumi: I think I'll stay away from horror for a while! I've had enough...
Kasumi: I mean, why do ghosts and zombies even have to jump out like that in scary movies?
Kasumi: Nothing's going on and then suddenly- Bam! They just come out of nowhere and scare everyone.
Kasumi: Couldn't they just come out slowly and give us a warning? Then that would at least give us a chance to prepare...
Kasumi: Oh right! From now on, if you're going to appear in front of me, you better give me a warning beforehand, {{userName}}-san.
Kasumi: That way, I'll know you're there and won't freak out.
Kasumi: That's a promise, okay? If not, I really think my heart will jump out of my chest!
Kasumi: Phew... I think after talking to you, I've calmed down a bit.
Kasumi: I feel like I can make it home in one piece now. Thanks for chatting with me!
Kasumi: I'll see you at the studio, then! Bye, bye!
Kasumi: Eeek! A ghost?!
Kasumi: ... Huh? O-oh, it's just a plastic bag...
Kasumi: Geez! Say something if you're gonna come out like that!
