832_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Memories from Back Then

Gacha phrase: ... Thanks to you, I've come to love toys even more.

<Because Kasumi Is There>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Residential Area]

Kasumi: C'mon, everyone~! Hurry up!
Arisa: I told you, stop running! We've got stuff to carry here!
Kasumi: But look at all these toys we've got! We've gotta get them to the kids at the community center as soon as possible!
Tae: I bet they've all been looking forward to today.
Saya: Even so, it'd be bad if anyone tripped. Kasumi, O-Tae, slow down. There's no need to rush.
Rimi: We have toys here that have just gotten fixed too, after all.
Kasumi: That's right! Roger that! I bet the kids are all gonna be so happy! This is gonna be so much fun~.
Saya: Still, we really did collect a lot, didn't we? This isn't even all of it.
Rimi: Right? I was so surprised we were able to gather so many from just donations.
Kasumi: It's all thanks to the student council and the people at the toy hospital's help! I'm glad we gave it a shot!
Arisa: We set up donation boxes at the toy hospital and the museum, too, right? There are probably even more toys waiting for us to collect.
Kasumi: Yeah! I knew it, anyone who loves their toys must be a good person!
Rimi: Fufufu. I'm sure that's part of it, but I think there was another reason that everyone cooperated with us.
Rimi: You're one of the reasons everyone was so willing to help us, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Huh? Me? Hm~...? What do you mean?
Saya: I guess you could say that when you make a move, everyone else wants to as well. At the very least, you make them want to help. Right?
Rimi: Yeah! Kasumi-chan, when we see you giving it your all, it makes us want to pitch in, too.
Arisa: True, I've seen that happen more times than I can count now.
Tae: It's definitely a talent of yours.
Kasumi: Y-you think so~? Fufu~, thanks, everyone♪
Kasumi: But we're not done yet! We've only just started!
Kasumi: There's still more to donate after the rest of the toys get fixed! Let's keep this pace going!
Arisa: Hopefully these toys find someone that'll play with them. It'd be a shame if they didn't after all the hard work we put in.
Rimi: You know, when I brought my toys to donate, I felt kind of sad... What about everyone else?
Saya: I did too. You know you're not going to play with them anymore, but you've still got all those memories you made with them.
Arisa: You're definitely gonna feel a little lonely when you're letting something go.
Kasumi: Still, instead of sitting in your storage boxes, I'm sure the toys are much happier having kids who will actually play with them!
Tae: I get the same feeling when I look at my old guitar I don't use anymore. Toys and instruments shouldn't just sit around.
Kasumi: Yeah, that's what I mean! I knew you'd understand, O-Tae!
Kasumi: I'm just glad we can pass on the fun we had with these toys to a new generation!
Rimi: And I'm sure that your kindness got through to these toys too!
Tae: They're saying, "Leave it to us, we'll make sure these kids have boatloads of fun!"
Saya: Huh? The toys are saying that?
Tae: I can sense their words.
Kasumi: Yeah, I think I can too!
Saya: Fufufu. Well, if you two say so.
Rimi: Hey, Kasumi-chan... I know I said it as a joke before, but...
Rimi: I think that sound we first heard in Arisa-chan's basement really might have come from that drummer bunny.
Kasumi: Again with that~? C'mon, Rimi-rin, I told you to stop~!
Rimi: Don't you think the bunny appeared because it saw that there was someone who would take good care of it?
Rimi: Remember what Saya-chan said? You draw people to you.
Saya: Fufufu, I get it~. So you're saying that she managed to draw this toy to her as well.
Tae: Ah. In that case, Random Star's gonna start moving any day now.
Kasumi: What?!
Arisa: True, the two of you are stuck together like glue, and you really do take good care of it.
Kasumi: You're all the same with your instruments too, though! Maybe all of our instruments will start moving~.
Rimi: Fufufu. You know, that kind of sounds like fun.
Kasumi: Ah, that's right!
Arisa: Hm? What? Did you think of something else now?
Kasumi: What if we stop by the downtown area to see if they're willing to help? We might be able to get even more toys that way!
Saya: Downtown, huh~? I like that idea!
Rimi: The older residents might have old toys they're willing to donate too.
Tae: Now that sounds interesting!
Arisa: It also sounds like something they'd like to help with. Yeah, let's give it a shot!
Kasumi: Then we should stop by after we get these toys delivered!
All: Okay!


<Expanding Toy Box>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Hello, Kasumi-chan. Are you on your way home?
Kasumi: Yes! Um, have you two seen the thing sitting near the entrance to this shopping district?
Marina: Huh? Was there something there? I didn't see anything...
Kasumi: Hm~... It must not stand out enough... We actually put a toy collection box over there.
Marina: Wow, you did?
Kasumi: We recently tested out our collection box at school and got a whole bunch of toys! Then we donated them to kids living in the area!
Kasumi: Everyone seemed really happy, so we decided to give it a shot around here, too!
Marina: That's a fantastic plan you've thought up, Kasumi-chan. You're a real go-getter. Don't you agree,  {{userName}}-san?
Kasumi: Ehehe, you're making me blush.
Kasumi: We went to the community center and got to see the kids playing with all the toys we donated too!
Kasumi: It was really nice seeing kids play with the toys I used to play with all the time~!
Marina: I totally know that feeling.
Marina: It's hard to throw away toys that you really liked when you were a kid, isn't it? I bet it feels much better to see a new generation play with them.
Marina: I'll have to look around my place for old toys as well.
Kasumi: Oh, please do!
Kasumi: When I looked, I found a bunch of old toys sitting in the back of my closet!
Marina: Right? All sorts of stuff ends up back there, from old photo albums to doodles you made when you were young~.
Kasumi: Yes, exactly! It was like a flood of childhood memories suddenly came back to me! Even Aa-chan was getting excited!
Kasumi: We kept reminiscing while we were fixing some of the broken ones, and it made the toys feel even more special to us!
Marina: Fufufu, I'm sure the toys appreciate all the love you give them, too.
Kasumi: You think so? I hope that's true!
Kasumi: They're super important toys to me, so I'd like it if their new owners took good care of them, too.
Kasumi: Ah!
Marina: Whoa, what's wrong?
Kasumi: Don't you think we could say those toys are "CiRCLING?"
Marina: Fufu, I suppose you could.
Kasumi: Then, would it be okay if we put a collection box over at CiRCLE, too?
Marina: That's a great idea! I'll make sure to ask the owner!
Kasumi: Yay! Thank you so much!
