939_Kasumi Toyama_R4 At Long Last!

Gacha phrase: I'm having so much fun playing at the dome!

<Our Future Awaits>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Alright! Time for another great practice!
Kasumi: ... But before that, there's something I wanna give everyone!
Arisa: You've got something for us?
Kasumi: Umm... Here's a hair accessory for Saya! A guitar pick for O-Tae! There's a towel for Arisa! And a tote bag for Rimi-rin!
Saya: Wow. How cute! Where did you get this?
Arisa: What's going on? ... Wait, aren't these goods sold at that Sparkle Dome show?
Kasumi: Bingo! That's absolutely right, Arisa!
Kasumi: I went with Yukina-senpai, Ran-chan, Aya-senpai, and Kokoron. The five of us saw the show together~!
Kasumi: I wanted to invite everyone, but it all happened so fast... So I got you souvenirs instead! I put a lot of thought into these~!
Arisa: Oh, gotcha. Thanks.
Tae: I'm going to start using my gift in today's practice.
Saya: Me too... Ah, the event's logo is on mine. You know, these kinds of goods make for nice keepsakes.
Rimi: Fufu. They do. Thank you, Kasumi-chan. I'll take good care of this.
Kasumi: Ehehe. I'm glad you like them~!
Tae: How was the show? I bet the dome was huge, wasn't it?
Kasumi: It was ginormous~! And the show was awesome!
Kasumi: A big stage lit up under sparkling lights... Every time a band played music, you could feel the air tremble. Oh~, it was so freaking cool!
Kasumi: The minute they started performing, your whole body would shake from their intensity...
Kasumi: I had goosebumps the whole time I was watching! Just talking about it now gives me chills!
Saya: It sounds incredible. Just hearing you talk about it shows me how excited you were.
Kasumi: Yeah!
Kasumi: I want Poppin'Party to give a show like that! It doesn't have to be at a dome either! Ah, but I wanna play at a dome too!
Rimi: Fufu, that's just like you to want it all instead of settling for one thing.
Arisa: Poppin'Party playing at a dome... Don't you think we're getting a little too ahead of ourselves?
Tae: Huh? Really? I think the five of us could definitely do it.
Kasumi: O-Tae! I'm so glad you agree! We could, couldn't we?!
Arisa: That's easy to say, but... what proof do you have that we could actually pull it off?
Tae: I don't have any.
Arisa: You don't?!
Tae: I don't, but that's okay. I just know we can do it.
Saya: I feel the same as O-Tae. I think we could play at a dome and give the kind of performance that makes people tremble with excitement when they remember it.
Rimi: Huh? Saya-chan, you think so too?
Saya: I can't really explain it, but I have a feeling that we could do it.
Saya: I'm surprised that I feel this way... I'm like O-Tae, I don't have any proof.
Arisa: If Saya says we can, then I think we might actually have a chance...
Rimi: I'm still not completely convinced... But I love playing with everyone, so I want to give it our best shot...
Rimi: So someday, the five of us will definitely play in a dome!
Kasumi: You guys... Yeah! We can do it! We can do anything!
Kasumi: Our bond has already gotten us through so much together!
Arisa: Our bond, huh...? You really do like to exaggerate everything...
Kasumi: One day we're gonna do it! We're gonna play a dome show!
Arisa: Yeah, but first we need to practice, don't we?
Saya: That's right. Even if we go in with everything we have, we'll look silly if our performance falls flat.
Tae: I'm ready to practice. The pick Kasumi gave me feels good. I know I'm going to play great today.
Rimi: M-me too... I'm going to work hard so I can keep up with everybody!
Kasumi: Alrighty, now I'm pumped up~! Let's throw ourselves into this practice~!
Kasumi: Dome show, here we come!


<Unending Intense Dreams>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Residential Area]

Kasumi: Ah. {{userName}}-san, Marina-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi, Kasumi-chan. Out for a walk?
Kasumi: No, I'm going shopping! Are you getting stuff for CiRCLE?
Marina: No, we're on our way to see a show today. A band we know invited us.
Kasumi: Really? What's the band called?
Marina: It's this one. The band's name is on the tickets here.
Kasumi: Let me see... Hey! We saw this band too!
Marina: Really? Where?
Kasumi: At Sparkle Dome! They were at Girls Band Expo!
Marina: Oh~, that's right. There was an event at that dome recently, wasn't there? We wanted to go, but we had to work~. How was it?
Kasumi: It was so cool! They killed it. The audience loved them.
Kasumi: The other bands were good too. I got to hear a lot of really unique songs that I wouldn't normally hear!
Kasumi: And there was some great merch at the event too~. I picked up a towel, a hat, and a wristband♪
Marina: Fufu, sounds like you had a good time.
Kasumi: I did! Every band took the stage and gave sparkling, heart-pounding shows! Ah~, it was so awesome.
Kasumi: Domes are totally different from live houses. They're so freaking big.
Kasumi: The stage was really far away, so the band members looked smaller than they do at a live house. But I still felt close to everything!
Kasumi: You could really feel the presence of every band! They felt so... big. You know what I mean...?
Marina: Yeah. It doesn't matter how far away you are. You still feel them.
Kasumi: Right! That's exactly how it was!
Kasumi: I bet every band was pumped up and wanted every single audience member to experience their music.
Kasumi: I sucked up all that energy, and now I'm hyped to play even more!
Kasumi: I wanna put on a show full of energy like that and give the audience a dose of sparkling, heart-pounding music~!
Marina: You definitely seem more excited than usual.
Marina: In that case, do you want me to see when you can play your next show later?
Kasumi: Yeah! That'd be great! Once we have a date, the band is gonna have to get ready with some practice!
Kasumi: I wanna redo our set list and try some stuff I saw at Girls Band Expo. Like having silver streamers fall from the ceiling! Or maybe-
Marina: Ahaha... Wanting to do new things is good, but I don't think silver streamers are going to fly at CiRCLE.
Kasumi: Huh? Really? I'll just think of something else then!
Kasumi: I'm so ready to make this happen!
