976_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Treasure Finder

Gacha phrase: Let us know if you need help with anything!

<The Party's Just Starting!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After-Party]

Kasumi: Mmm, concerts are so much fun~!
Arisa: Phew, I'm glad we managed to get through both the afternoon and evening shows~.
Rimi: Here, Arisa-chan. Drink up.
Arisa: Oh, thanks... Ahhh, that hits the spot~.
Saya: I'm glad the after-party show was as exciting as the afternoon one.
Tae: Both Ran's and Yukina-senpai's groups had me absolutely trembling.
Rimi: And the crowd was all smiles with Hello, Happy World!
Kasumi: I'm so, so happy we could put on such an awesome concert with everyone~. Cheers to the sports festival~!
Tae: Cheers~!
Arisa: You guys are way too pumped, I swear...
Kasumi: Come on, those concerts were so much fun~. Sigh, I wish we could have kept playing~... Do you think we can, Arisa?
Arisa: Of course not! Besides, aren't you gonna have a look around? The after-party will be over soon.
Saya: They do have a lot of stands set up~.
Kasumi: Ah, that's right! Yeah, I wanna check them out~!
Tae: Rimi, they're selling chocolate cookies over there.
Rimi: Then I'm coming too~!
Arisa: Alright, let's walk around, then.
Kasumi: Yay~! Then let's hurry!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Ahhh, I'm stuffed~. I couldn't eat another bite~.
Rimi: Fufu, same here~. I think I had a little too much.
Tae: I've got room for more. Enough for ten more helpings of yakisoba.
Arisa: That's too much no matter how you look at it!
Kasumi: Hm? What's going on over there?
Saya: Are they... setting up for the folk dance?
Kasumi: You're right! Hey! Why don't we go join in once they're set up?!
Tae: I'm down!
Saya: Alright, let's wait here, then.
Arisa: If they're setting up the folk dance, I guess that means the after-party will be over soon~. This day really flew by.
Rimi: Fufufu, there was a lot going on.
Arisa: No kidding~. The power went out, then it came back on, and we had to adjust the schedule during all that.
Saya: The events kept getting bigger and bigger in scale, too. Doing a competition in the city streets was a first for me~.
Arisa: Yeah, like the scavenger hunt. Keeping track of all the stuff people had to go out and borrow from around town was a major hassle.
Kasumi: Everyone seemed like they were having a great time!
Tae: It wasn't just the scavenger hunt either. The other competitions were also filled with smiles.
Arisa: And the closing ceremony was wild too~. Especially when they were calculating the scores.
Saya: Yeah, totally! Every school got some intense applause when it was their turn.
Rimi: I was so moved~.
Kasumi: I'm with you there! That wave of applause came crashing over me like no other~.
Kasumi: Here's what I think! That amazing closing ceremony, all the fun we're having at the after-party...
Kasumi: It's all because we got through that power outage together!
Kasumi: We all worked together to keep the festival alive... Which is why we're having such a blast now!
Arisa: That makes sense. If we'd done nothing, things wouldn't have ended up the way they did.
Rimi: I'd say this has been a very rewarding day~.
Saya: Fufufu, one that we'll likely never forget.
Tae: I want to have an even bigger blast.
Kasumi: Same~! Let's keep the fun rolling for as long as we can, guys!
Arisa: Oh, it looks like the folk dance is starting.
Kasumi: You're right! Let's go strut our stuff~!
Arisa: Hey, don't pull me~!
Tae: Right behind you! Rimi, Saya? Are you coming?
Rimi: You bet!
Saya: Okay~. I'll handle the photos~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Here we go, Arisa~. Hm? Do we start on the right foot? Or was it the left?
Arisa: Whoa, don't just stop like that...! S-Saya! Don't point that camera at me~!
(Black cut)


<Our Supernatural Power>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Residential Area]

Marina: That takes care of all the shopping~. I didn't expect it to take so long, though.
Marina: Let's relax over a cup of tea when we get back.
Kasumi: Marina-san~! {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Kasumi-chan! Hello. You're in a good mood today~.
Marina: Oh, I heard the news~. There was a big sports festival the other day, right?
Kasumi: Ah, the joint sports festival!
Marina: Yeah, I think that's the one. Haneoka, Tsukinomori, and a bunch of other schools got together for it, right?
Kasumi: Right! The stadium was jam-packed with people!
Kasumi: It was such an awesome day~. I wish it could be held every year instead of once every three~.
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you had fun.
Kasumi: It was a blast from start to finish! Then again, there were a lot of rough patches to get through.
Marina: There were?
Kasumi: Yeah, like~... the power going out across the entire stadium.
Marina: There was a power outage?!
Kasumi: A bolt of lightning totally wrecked the electrical system. I was on pins and needles when it happened~. All that hype built up during the event was gone in a flash...
Marina: I know how that feels, Kasumi-chan~. Having an interruption at any kind of event tends to kill the energy. That goes for concerts as well.
Kasumi: You said it~. Which is exactly why we put on a show during the down time!
Marina: What kind of a show?
Kasumi: Kokoron and Misaki-chan juggled while riding unicycles. Ako, Tomoe-chan, Lisa-san, and Hagu did a dance number... Ah, and Poppin'Party held a concert!
Marina: Ohhh, it sounds like you all combined your powers to help.
Kasumi: And that's not all! Maya-san and some others were behind the scenes helping us put on the best show possible!
Kasumi: We were all working together to make the sports festival extra fun!
Marina: Everyone coming together, huh~? Yeah, when that happens, it can result in something really special.
Marina: You all have this mysterious ability to bring so many people together... Fufu, it's almost like a supernatural power.
Kasumi: True! It was amazing to see it all worked out. I guess we did use some kind of supernatural power!
Marina: I wish I could've been there to see you guys use your powers~.
Kasumi: And I wish I could've shown you~. I'll just have to tell you more about what happened at the festival!
Marina: Fufufu, I appreciate it.
Marina: Ah, a message from the owner.
Kasumi: Ah, sorry for chatting so much!
Marina: No, it was my fault too. Can we finish this conversation some other time?
Kasumi: Of course! We'll all stop by CiRCLE next time. Good luck with the rest of your work! Bye-bye~!
