1045_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Sweets Time

Gacha phrase: Down the hatch you go~! ... Mmm~! This is so yummy~!

<Let's Visit Them All>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Mmm~, this is what I live for~!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, how many cakes have you had? I heard you had one at Kaoru-san's café too...
Kasumi: Umm... Just three!
Arisa: What do you mean 'just three'?! Don't you mean you've already had three?! I get that they were good, but that's too much cake!
Saya: I kinda understand, though~. The cakes that Massu helped out with really are good. It's like they were made by a real chef!
Tae: Mmhmm. This rabbit on top of the cake is so cute too... I could look at it forever.
Kasumi: It is adorable, isn't it?! That rabbit and these monsters are all homemade apparently!
Tae: Wow! Maybe I should have Massu make me her student as well.
LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~... I can't believe Poppin'Party is here in my classroom...
LOCK (Rokka): Umm, thank you very much for coming today! I'm so happy I've been able to spend time with all of you!
Saya: Fufu, it's not such a big deal. And thank you for these delicious cakes and drinks!
Rimi: I love this tea's aroma. The floating orange and purple flowers are so cute.
LOCK (Rokka): Ehehe. We wanted everyone to enjoy the Halloween atmosphere, so we worked really hard to come up with ideas!
Arisa: By the way, I heard Kasumi dragged you all over school in the morning. Hope it wasn't too much trouble.
Kasumi: It wasn't any trouble, right, LOCK~?
LOCK (Rokka): It wasn't! Kasumi-senpai was always finding fun and wonderful things to show me! I enjoyed every single moment with her!
Kasumi: LOCK~!
Saya: Kasumi's a real master when it comes to finding fun things to do, huh?
Arisa: Master is... a bit of an exaggeration...
Tae: Hey, Kasumi. What did you find?
Kasumi: A whole bunch of stuff, like yummy food, people dressed in costumes, and music! All of it was so sparkling and heart-pounding!
Rimi: Fufu, that sounds like you, Kasumi-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): The decoration on the ceiling that you pointed out was also very nice, Kasumi-senpai!
Kasumi: Ah~! Yeah, that witch decoration was so cute, wasn't it?
Kasumi: Oh yeah! The balloon art was fun too!
Tae: I see~. What did you make, Kasumi?
Kasumi: We tried to make a pumpkin, but it ended up looking like a peeled mandarin orange~.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, after Kasumi-senpai pointed that out, it was all I could see...!
Tae: You're so lucky~. I wish I could've seen the flying witch and made a balloon orange.
Arisa: There's no need to replicate Kasumi's failure!
Saya: Why don't we go now? We still have time. Doing that'll let us check out all kinds of other places too.
Rimi: That's true. We still haven't checked the stalls outside either.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! Please take this then! I got it earlier from one of the customers!
Arisa: Hm? A stall coupon?
Saya: Oh, nice! You can get yakisoba for half price!
Kasumi: Ooh! Yakisoba! You can't have a festival without yakisoba~! And don't forget the takoyaki~, candied apples~, and also cotton candy!
Arisa: Sheesh... You gonna eat even more after downing three cakes?
Tae: Don't worry, Arisa! Today's the Halloween festival.
Kasumi & Tae: Yeah~♪
Arisa: That's not a proper reason at all...
Rimi: Thank you for the coupon, LOCK-chan. But maybe you could... you know?
LOCK (Rokka): Hm?
Kasumi: Yeah! You should come with us!
LOCK (Rokka): What?! M-me?!
LOCK (Rokka): Umm... Won't I just get in your way...?
Tae: Of course not. I want to eat yakisoba with you, LOCK.
Arisa: I don't see what the big deal is. You've got breaks between shifts at the café, right?
Kasumi: C'mon, LOCK~. Let's go together~.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much, everyone!
Rimi: Fufu, it looks like it's decided then! Let's all go once it's LOCK-chan's break.
Saya: Hey, why don't we go check out that witch decoration and take a photo first?
Tae: We should go and do balloon modeling later too!
Kasumi: Agreed~! We'll do them all~! Right, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes!
LOCK & Kasumi: Fufufu!


<Unstoppable Excitement>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Riverside]

Kasumi: Marina-san~! {{userName}}-san~! Hi there!
Marina: Hi, Kasumi-chan. You have a lot of bags today. What's inside?
Kasumi: These are snacks, and these are drinks! We're doing a Halloween party in Arisa's basement today!
Marina: A Halloween party, huh~? Nice. Sounds like fun!
Kasumi: I still can't forget the excitement I felt at Haneoka's Halloween festival!
Marina: Oh~, a Halloween festival~? What was it like?
Kasumi: It was so much fun!
Kasumi: LOCK's class did a Halloween café that was incredible! The classroom was filled with so many Halloween decorations, and the cakes that Massu taught them to make were so yummy!
Kasumi: They looked cute and had such adorable names that I wanted to eat all of them!
Marina: I see~, I wish I could've had some.
Kasumi: And after that, I went around the school with LOCK, Massu, and Ako!
Kasumi: We ran into Ran-chan, Yukina-senpai, and so many other people!  Everyone had such nice costumes! The whole school was filled with this sparkling and heart-pounding feeling!
Kasumi: And that's why we felt like doing a Halloween party of our own!
Marina: Ahaha, so that's why~. That certainly sounds like something Poppin'Party would decide to do!
Marina: So what are you doing at the party?
Kasumi: Well, we're gonna eat snacks and play music together~.
Kasumi: Ah, while wearing Halloween costumes, of course!
Marina: Nice! Sounds like it'll be a real blast!
Kasumi: Right? Oh yeah! We've also got a special guest!
Marina: A special guest?
Kasumi: We invited LOCK! We want her to be the one to enjoy our Halloween this time!
Marina: I had a feeling it'd be her~! I'm sure she'll enjoy her time with all of you.
Kasumi: We also invited some others, so I think this party is going to get pretty lively~.
Kasumi: Ah, why don't both of you join us?
Marina: Are you sure?
Kasumi: Of course! I'm sure everyone would be glad to have you!
Marina: Thank you! We'll think about it.
Kasumi: Okay. You're welcome to drop by anytime!
