1097_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Reaching For Brilliance

Gacha phrase: Of course I give it my all~. It'd be a waste if I didn't!

<Give It Your All! Part One>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi: Aa-chan~! Look at this~!
Asuka: You just walked in the door, what is it?! ... Oh, a magazine? That's quite a famous music magazine too. I always see it in bookstores.
Kasumi: Yeah! Poppin'Party were featured in their girl band issue~. Umm~, what page was it...? Here it is!
Asuka: Where, where...? Whoa, that's quite a big picture...
Kasumi: Fufuuun~, it's awesome, right~? I was so happy, I thought I might even buy ten copies of it!
Asuka: You don't need that many copies... Ah, your interview is here too.
Kasumi: Wah, you found it~♪ Shall I read it out loud for you?
Asuka: No, I can read it myself... Sis, is your whole interview about the sweets you ate in the dressing room?
Kasumi: Well the dressing room was so much fun~. Rimi-rin brought us special treats to eat that day~.
Kasumi: Apparently Yuri-senpai sent them to her from overseas! I took a photo of them... Ah, this one!
Kasumi: Aren't they amazing?! The edges were kinda chocolatey, and the middle was like castella! Anyway, they were super sweet!
Asuka: It's a music magazine, so you should've talked more about music. Wasn't the journalist a bit put out?
Kasumi: Not at all, we got all excited over the sweets together!
Asuka: So they went along with it then... This venue looks quite big, but what show was this?
Kasumi: Look, it's the one I gave you a ticket for that time, remember? That show!
Asuka: Ahh, something else came up, so I couldn't go... Whoa, you're smiling a lot in this photo.
Kasumi: Oh, that one~. I think that's from when I started laughing cause I made eye contact with O-Tae during the show. Probably.
Kasumi: And I think this is when we were talking to the audience. Arisa and I did impressions of a school teacher!
Asuka: So that's why Arisa-san is pulling that face...
Asuka: Sigh... Don't you get nervous? Singing in front of huge crowds like this...
Kasumi: I get nervous! But my excitement is bigger than my nerves!
Kasumi: I always feel like that during a show. That's why I can't wait for our next one!
Kasumi: We've been practicing to put on a show even better than this one~. Next weekend, we're gonna practice intensely from morning till night!
Asuka: ... You always give it your all, don't you?
Kasumi: Of course I give it my all~. It'd be a waste if I didn't! Whether it's a rehearsal or a show, I always give it my all!
Kasumi: ... Ah, and even right now!
Asuka: ... Sigh~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: ... So that's what happened~.
Saya: I see~. So you told Asuka-chan about that?
Rimi: The reason you give it your all~...
Kasumi: Yeah~. I only thought about it because Aa-chan asked me, but I didn't really know why~.
Arisa: Wait, isn't the answer obvious? You're Kasumi, that's why you always give it your all.
Kasumi: Arisa...?
Tae: Oh~, nice one, Arisa. You like that part of Kasumi, don't you?
Arisa: N-not particularly!
Saya: Fufu. But I get it... It might be harder than you'd think to put your reason for working so hard into words.
Rimi: Y-yes. To us, all of our shows are special, but...
Kasumi: Ngh, you're right~... I couldn't explain it to Aa-chan properly yesterday, so I've been feeling kind of uneasy~.
Arisa: ... Well, I guess it might be hard to explain. I never understood that feeling until I stood on the stage either.
Tae: It's easy.
Kasumi: Huh?
Tae: You just need to get her to come and watch one of our shows.
Saya: But hasn't Asuka-chan come to quite a lot of our shows?
Tae: Yeah. She has come to them before, which is why I think she'll be able to understand.
Kasumi: I see! She just has to compare the last show of ours that she saw with our next one!
Rimi: Wah, that's it! That way, she will surely understand what you are trying to tell her, Kasumi-chan.
Arisa: Sounds alright to me. We'll be there giving it our all alongside Kasumi anyway.
Kasumi: Th-thanks, everybody~! I swear, I'm gonna really try my best! I really will~! Okay, Arisa?!
Arisa: Wh-why're you looking at me like that?!
Saya: Fufu. Then let's go and give our next show our all!
Kasumi: I'm kinda fired up~. Let's do this~. Ready?!
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!
(Black cut)


<Give It Your All! Part Two>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Aa-chan! Over here, over here!
Asuka: Ah, there you are. Is it okay for you to be out here right before the show?
Kasumi: It's totally fine! I've still got time anyway!
Kasumi: But thanks so much for coming today! I'm gonna do my best, okay?!
Asuka: That's no surprise coming from you... Fufu.
Kasumi: I know, I'll tell you where you'll be able to see the stage best! I'll be standing in the middle, so probably-
Asuka: It's fine! I've seen your shows many times before.
Asuka: Ah, but... something kind of feels a bit different today than it did last time.
Kasumi: Ah~, maybe it's because the bands today are a bit "cooler" than usual! The people who have come to watch are way different too!
Asuka: You're right...
Kasumi: And it also started a little earlier last time, didn't it? And, look, the venue is totally different!
Asuka: Right, the last show I saw was at Galaxy, wasn't it...?
Kasumi: That's right!
Saya: Kasumi, we're heading to the waiting room now.
Kasumi: Ah! Sorry~. Thanks, Saya! Okay, Aa-chan, I'll see you again after the show!
Asuka: Yeah, see you then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: Hello! We are~...
All: Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: I hope you all enjoy our show today! Now, for our first song-
Asuka: (This song... I've heard it before at a previous show, but... I wonder why it sounds different from how it did then...)
Asuka: (It sounded strong and fun that time, but today I can hear other sounds too, not just my sister's voice...)
Asuka: (... Is it because the people around me are trying hard to listen to their performance?)
Asuka: ...!
Asuka: (I get it... Sis is trying to sing it so I can hear it properly.)
Asuka: (And I... might be listening to her sing because I want to know why she is always giving it her all.)
(White cut)
Kasumi: Pant... Pant... Did you all enjoy our performance?!
Kasumi: Thank you very much for listening!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show]

Arisa: Kasumi, I see Asuka-chan!
Kasumi: Huh, where, where?!
Tae: Look, over there at the counter. She just got a drink.
Kasumi: You're right! Oiii, Aa-chan~!
Asuka: Sis... And all of Poppin'Party. Good show today. You were very cool!
Rimi: Wah, I am happy to hear that~.
Saya: Thanks for coming to watch us, Asuka-chan.
Kasumi: Aa-chan, did you have fun today?
Asuka: Yeah... And I think I understood a little why you're always giving it your all.
Kasumi: Really?!
Asuka: I'd heard that song before, but it felt completely different today... I felt like I had to listen with everything I had, or it would be a waste.
Asuka: Shows can be completely different each time. They're really quite special, aren't they?
Kasumi: Yeah! No matter how many times you play a song, it sounds different at every show!
Asuka: That's why you treasure and give your all to every single show, right?
Kasumi: Aa-chaaan~! That's it exactly~!
Asuka: Whoa, don't hug me so suddenly like that! Everyone's looking!
Kasumi: Well everything I wanted to say got across to you, so I'm so happy!
Kasumi: None of our shows are ever the same, so I... No, we, always want to do our best to put on a sparkling, heart-pounding show!
Arisa: I can't believe she's saying such cheesy stuff to a family member...
Saya: Ahaha. That might also be Kasumi giving it her all.
Asuka: I saw you do it again today. You had that sparkling smile on your face like you did in that magazine... Just like you always do.
Kasumi: Ehehe... Thanks, Aa-chan!
Asuka: Anyway, I'm going to go home now. You're having a party after this, right?
Kasumi: Yeah! Ah, tell Mom I won't be needing dinner tonight!
Asuka: Yeah, yeah, see you later... I'll come and watch you again sometime.
Kasumi: You have to! You really, reaaally have to~! Promise me!
Asuka: Yeah, yeah, I've got it...
Kasumi: Okay, then pinky promise me! Make a pinky promise with your sister!
Asuka: Ugh~, I'm already in high school, you know~...
Kasumi: So what~? Let's do it, Aa-chan~.
