1222_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Thanks~! I really appreciate it~!

<Celebrating Toy♪>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Studio]

Rimi: Here we go. Kasumi-chan...
All: Happy birthday!
Saya: This is a present from all of us!
Kasumi: Thank you! I'm so happy~! Hey, can I open it?
Arisa: It's your present, so isn't it okay for you to open it when you want to...?
Kasumi: Then I'll open it now! Wow! How cute! It's a tin bear!
Tae: Kasumi, try turning the spring on the bear's back.
Kasumi: Okay! Got it! I just turn this here and...
Kasumi: Whoa! Look, look! This cutie's playing the xylophone!
Saya: We all went to a retro toy store and chose this.
Rimi: There were so many cute toys in the store, we had trouble choosing something you would like. That's when Arisa-chan chose the bear, saying you would like it.
Arisa: Hey! Rimi, you don't need to tell her that!
Kasumi: Huh?! Really?! Ngh~, Arisa~! You really know me so well!
Arisa: Hey, come on now! Get off me~!
Saya: Fufu, it's great that she liked it. Come on, Kasumi. I'll take a picture of you, so turn this way.
Kasumi: Okay~!
Saya: Mhm, that's a great smile♪ Okay, I'll take the photo now... Say cheese♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Special Guest?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Arisa~, thanks for that present you gave me the other day!
Arisa: Q-quit it with that already...! How many times are you gonna thank me for it...?
Kasumi: But it made me really happy! I like it a lot~!
Kasumi: It made me so happy, and I even brought it with me to practice today! See?
Arisa: You really did... More importantly, aren't things like this supposed to be used as room decorations?
Kasumi: Aw, really? It makes me happy every time I see it, so I have it with me every day!
Arisa: So it wasn't just today... Well, as long as you like it.
Kasumi: Fufufu, this cutie makes a really nice sound! Take a listen!
Arisa: Yeah, yeah... Oh, you're right. It kinda feels like I could get hooked on it.
Kasumi: Yeah, really~! It's the same phrase, but no matter how many times I hear it, I never get sick of it. I just end up listening to it over and over again~...
Kasumi: Ah, I've got it! I thought of something good! Why don't we try playing along with the sounds it makes?!
Arisa: You mean like a jam session?
Kasumi: Yeah! Exactly! C'mon, let's give it a try!
Arisa: Fine, fine. We can once the others are here.
Kasumi: Ah, in fact, why don't we do that at a concert as well?!
Arisa: No, I think that would definitely be pushing it.
Kasumi: Aw~, it would definitely liven things up though~! I know! I'll ask the others about it too!
