1280_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Enjoy☆Summer Break

Gacha phrase: Now, let's all get changed and go to the beach~!

<A Heart Full of Memories>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Bed And Breakfast]

Arisa: Souvenirs, parasol, torch... Okay, I've got everything. Oiii, has anyone forgotten anything?
Kasumi: W-wait a second~! I can't close my bag~!
Arisa: Huh? That's why I told you not to buy so many souvenirs. Your bag is bursting.
Tae: Kasumi, I'll hold your bag down from the other side.
Kasumi: Thanks, O-Tae~! One, two...!
Kasumi: Yaaay! It closed!
Rimi: That was close, Kasumi-chan.
Saya: I finished closing all the windows, guys.
Arisa: Alright. So we're all ready to go?
Kasumi: Yup.
Tae: I'm ready too!
Arisa: Then let's check out and get going. The ferry leaves at... Hmm...
Kasumi: What's wrong, Arisa? Why are you pulling that face while looking at the time?
Arisa: ... We still have a bit of time until our ferry leaves.
Kasumi: Really?! Then I wanna go to the beach!
Arisa: The beach? Haven't you been there enough?
Kasumi: Well, maybe~. But I wanna see it one last time!
Kasumi: What do you all think? Don't you wanna go to the beach?
Tae: I do! I want to check and see if Hanazono Land is still there.
Rimi: I... am a little reluctant to go home without seeing it one more time.
Saya: Yeah. Me too... I want to go to that beach again. One last time.
Arisa: ... Ugh, fine then.
Arisa: Okay, let's go there before we head home.
Kasumi: Okay! Let's go to the beach, everybody!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach]

Kasumi: Wah~, this breeze is so nice~!
Rimi: The skies are clear, and it's morning, so there aren't many people around.
Tae: Yeah. We'll probably be able to see right out to the horizon.
Kasumi: This trip kinda flew by, didn't it~?
Tae: Ah, the rabbit rock! Remember when we all rode out to it on Panda?
Arisa: Uh, no, we flipped over into the water halfway there.
Saya: It was pretty hard getting all the air out of that inflatable orca. Even when we all pressed our weight against it, it wouldn't budge.
Tae: Poor Panda just got smaller and smaller... But it kind of felt like a game, so it was fun.
Kasumi: And, and, it was fun telling each other our secrets at night~!
Saya: Fufu, we even got to hear about Arisa's love for Poppin'Party.
Arisa: S-stop bringing that up! ... And, you know, because you all fell asleep after we played cards, it was really hard cleaning them up.
Tae: We played a word game while cleaning them up, didn't we? And then we couldn’t find the last card.
Arisa: In the end, I found it underneath Kasumi.
Tae: Then we both went to sleep after that- Ah, that reminds me. You were talking in your sleep, Arisa.
Arisa: Huh?!
Kasumi: What?! What kind of things did she say? Tell me, tell me~!
Tae: Yeah, well, she was talking about CiRCLE-
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... It's almost time to go.
Rimi: Yes. We sure did have our fill of fun.
Saya: Yeah... This was a really enjoyable vacation.
Arisa: Okay. Now, let's go to the ferry-
Kasumi: Yodel-lay-hee-hoo~!
Arisa: Ahhh! K-Kasumi, why are you yelling?
Kasumi: Ehehe. I realized I hadn't yodeled yet!
Arisa: Uh, but isn't that... what you usually do on a mountain...?
Kasumi: Who cares~! Let's all do it! It feels so good! Come on, together!
Arisa: Huh? I'm not doing something like-
Saya: Yodel-lay-hee-hoo!
Arisa: S-Saya?
Saya: Fufu, you're right. That felt good~. I don't normally yell that loud, so it's actually pretty fun♪
Kasumi: Right~?!
Tae: I'll do it too! Yodel-lay-hee-hoo!
Rimi: Y-yodel-lay-hee-hoo...!
Kasumi: Come on, you too, Arisa! Let's all do it!
Arisa: ... Ugh, fine then.
Kasumi: Okay, here we go! Ready, go!
Kasumi, Arisa, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Yodel-lay-hee-hoo!
(White cut)


<Music That Brings Back Memories>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Hi there! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! I came to say hello!
Marina: Hello, Kasumi-chan. Oh, did something good happen?
Kasumi: Yes! Actually, all of Poppin'Party went on a vacation together the other day!
Marina: That's right. Didn't you stay at a bed and breakfast near the sea? I heard it was a lot of fun.
Kasumi: Ehehe, that's right! And I discovered something really great during this trip!
Marina: Oh! What did you discover?
Kasumi: Fufufu~. You won't believe it! I realized that, just like with photos and such, memories can also be left behind in non-material ways!
Marina: Non-material ways...? What do you mean?
Kasumi: Well, this trip was super duper fun!
Kasumi: We explored a ferry, ate yakisoba at the beach, and stayed up all night in a bed and breakfast...
Kasumi: It was really all so exciting!
Marina: Fufu. Just hearing you talk about it is getting me excited.
Kasumi: We heard so many sounds while hanging out together. The ferry horn, the wind chimes, and the waves in the night sea...
Kasumi: And the sound of the marbles inside ramune bottles...
Kasumi: Someday, when we hear these sounds that we heard together again, we'll be able to think back to how we felt and what we saw in those moments... It's like a sound time capsule!
Marina: A sound time capsule, huh? That sounds quite nice!
Kasumi: Yeah! It's filled with each and every sound that we heard together on our trip!
Kasumi: That's when I had my realization. That our music might be somebody else's time capsule!
Marina: Somebody else's time capsule?
Kasumi: The people who come to our shows might hear our music again someday and remember how they felt in that moment!
Kasumi: Don't you think that's really wonderful?! That's what sound time capsules are all about!
Marina: Yeah, yeah. That's why you have to always give your very best performance.
Kasumi: I think so too! Ooh~! I have to do my best at our next show!
Kasumi: Ah, Arisa sent me a message! Let's see~, "we're waiting for you in the basement..." Ah, I forgot that I have practice with everyone!
Kasumi: Marina-san, I'll come back some other time! Thank you for listening to what I had to say!
Marina: Sure. See you. Have a good practice.
