1348_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Studying Together

Gacha phrase: Ah... I've got it! When I emcee, I always-

<Till Now, From Now>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Hmm, "the" is written here, so the next word should be...
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, maybe you should look it up in the dictionary?
Kasumi: Ah, you're right! Umm, the dictionary, dictionary~...!
Rimi: Don't worry. Just relax and take it slow.
Kasumi: O-okay...!
Rimi: Why did you suddenly ask me to help you study, anyway, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Well, watching you go through emcee training inspired me to overcome my own weaknesses.
Kasumi: I didn't do very well in the English quiz the other day, so I wanted to prepare for my next lesson.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...! Well, I'm no expert either, but I'm happy to work on this with you.
Kasumi: Yeah! Alrighty! First, I'm gonna complete this worksheet~!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Ohh~, this is tough~. There are too many words to memorize and I'm lost~.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, are you okay? Shall we take a little break?
Kasumi: I-it's fine...! I swore to give it my all...!
Rimi: ... Okay. Let's take it one step at a time.
Kasumi: Agh! Another word I don't know... Ohh, I'm looking through this dictionary so much my head's starting to spin~...
Rimi: English is hard, isn't it? There are so many things to remember in class that sometimes I feel like I can't keep up.
Rimi: However, if you stay calm and remember each word one by one, it will be okay.
Rimi: Think back to when you started learning the guitar. It's not as if you remembered every single chord right away, right?
Kasumi: True! As I played, they gradually stuck in my head and my fingers got used to the movement...
Rimi: Exactly. You don't need to remember it all at once. Pick the easiest words and memorize them slowly but surely.
Kasumi: Interesting. So it's the same as the guitar...! When I think about it that way, it feels achievable...!
Kasumi: Alrighty! I'm going to get better at English bit by bit, just like the guitar!
Rimi: Fufu, let's do our best!
Rimi: Ah, that reminds me, Kasumi-chan... You're good at making friends with people from foreign countries, aren't you?
Kasumi: Uh-huh. We get along just by using gestures somehow~.
Rimi: That one time I panicked when those foreigners tried talking to me, you came to my rescue. I think you said...
Kasumi: Hello! I'm Kasumi, and I play the guitar~!
Rimi: Fufu, yes, that was it! How nostalgic~.
Kasumi: Ahaha! I'll say! It sure is~!
Kasumi: Ah~. Hey, Rimi-rin. Do you remember when I invited you to join the band?
Rimi: Yes. I was deciding what juice I wanted to buy when you called out to me...
Kasumi: I got so excited after recognizing you from the Glitter*Green concert, I couldn't help but rush over... I really am glad… that I reached out to you.
Rimi: That day at SPACE, you and the others were singing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star...
Rimi: I'm here with you now, Kasumi-chan, because I was able to gather my courage and get up on stage.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... Thank you very much... for giving me strength back then.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...
Kasumi: Ehehe, it's kinda embarrassing hearing you say it like that~! Likewise, thank you for being in this band with me, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Fufu, you're right. Being thanked is a little embarrassing.
Kasumi: At any rate, challenging myself to face my weakness in studying English is the reason we started reliving this old memory.
Rimi: Yes! That's a good way of looking at it!
Kasumi: Alrighty! Let's put this energy into studying~!
Rimi: Yes, we can do it!
(Black cut)
Arisa: Sorry I'm late, guys. My Student Council work went overtime an- Huh?
Rimi: Zzz... Zzz...
Kasumi: Mumble, mumble...
Arisa: Jeez... You'll catch a cold like that. Now, where'd I put the blankets?
Kasumi: Zzz... Rimi-rin... This is a song... together...
Rimi: Mumble... I'm okay... Let's go...
Arisa: Good grief, what are they dreaming about?
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<With Fire in My Heart>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Hello! Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Are any bands performing this weekend?
Marina: Hello, Kasumi-chan. This weekend? Let me check... Yep, there are concerts scheduled on both Saturday and Sunday.
Marina: Ah, did you want to hold a Poppin'Party show?
Kasumi: No. I mean, of course, I'm always up for performing. But I actually wanted to watch some other bands' shows and learn what they do!
Marina: Ohh~, that's great! Watching different bands is inspiring, isn't it?
Kasumi: Yeah! I wanna watch a ton of shows and absorb everything I can so I can make Poppin'Party concerts even better!
Marina: You're more motivated than usual, Kasumi-chan. What brought this about?
Kasumi: When I watched Rimi-rin emcee the other day, I wanted to give it my all as well!
Marina: Rimi-chan's emceeing, huh? You guys completely captivated the audience when you took turns emceeing in your recent shows.
Kasumi: Really? Yay~!
Marina: I was moved by Rimi-chan's self-introduction in particular~.
Kasumi: Right? When I listened to Rimi-rin speaking right next to me, I felt something hot rush up from deep within my chest, like woosh~!
Kasumi: I really felt Rimi-rin's love for Poppin'Party from every single one of her words! It felt euphoric!
Marina: Uh-huh, I felt it too. Rimi-chan treasures everyone in Poppin'Party.
Kasumi: Yeah! And not just Rimi-rin, but Arisa, O-Tae, and Saya... Everything they said when emceeing was overflowing with emotions towards Poppin'Party.
Kasumi: I felt blessed to be surrounded by these members... and to be in such a joyful band.
Kasumi: I know it should be obvious because we're together all the time, but it's nothing short of a miracle!
Marina: You're right. Having band members in your life who respect each other is quite a precious thing.
Kasumi: Yep! So I wanna look after this miracle and help it grow.
Kasumi: I wanna be the kind of vocalist... that can live up to the expectations of my bandmates... and help them sparkle even more!
Marina: Fufu, Rimi-chan's passion lit a fire in your heart, Kasumi-chan. As a band, that's the best way you can be.
Kasumi: Yes! I'm gonna work even harder to pump up Poppin'Party's shows!
Kasumi: My goal is to put on concerts that everyone can enjoy... Both for the fans who've supported us this far, and for the new fans yet to come!
Marina: Great! I'll be looking forward to it!
Kasumi: Thank you very much! Just watch, Marina-san. Poppin'Party will be even more sparkling and heart-pounding!
