1382_Kasumi Toyama_R2 Sparkling New Year

<Winter Break Plans>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Kasumi: ... I'm done~! Arisa, I finished grouping these papers by grade~!
Arisa: Hm~? Thanks, I'm almost done too...
Kasumi: What are you doing? Want help?!
Arisa: Nah, I'm good. These are committee survey results.
Arisa: You have to check what each committee wrote, group together similar responses, and organize them into tables... Not exactly your thing, right?
Kasumi: Er... Y-yeah...
Arisa: Appreciate the offer though. These also have to be done in a hurry because they're for next week's student assembly.
Kasumi: Okay... Then I'll cheer for you instead so that you can work fast!
Kasumi: Go, go, Arisa~! You can do it, you can do it, Arisa~!
Arisa: I get what you're trying to do with the cheering, but maybe tone it down a bit...? It's gonna bother Rinko-senpai, you know?
Rinko: Fufu... You're always so lively, Toyama-san...
Kasumi: Ehehe! Thanks, Rinko-senpai! Is there anything I can do to help you?!
Rinko: Thank you for the offer... but I'm almost finished as well...
Kasumi: Alright! Then is it okay if I wait until Arisa's done?
Rinko: Yes... Of course...
Kasumi: Thank you so much!
Kasumi: Time sure flies, doesn't it? Winter break's going to start after next week's student assembly.
Kasumi: Oh, yeah! Arisa, let's do something fun during the break~!
Arisa: Hey... Stop tugging, will you? I told you I'm working on putting the results together, didn't I?
Kasumi: S-sorry~. Oh, but there's something I just have to tell you about!
Kasumi: I found this super fun thing to do the other day! Let's sing together lots and lots and have lots and lots of fun~!
Kasumi: I bet you and I singing our favorite songs together will be a great way to share the fun with O-Tae and everyone!
Arisa: (Sing together...? Ah, she probably means karaoke or something.)
Arisa: (Kasumi sure loves karaoke. Still saying it's super fun even after all those times...)
Arisa: (And why does she keep wanting to do duets with me...? Wait a sec... These documents...)
Arisa: (Changing how everything's organized might make it easier to see...)
Kasumi: Arisa~? Are you listening~?
Arisa: Hm? Yeah... I'm listening.
Arisa: Well, I guess I don't see any harm in doing it.
Kasumi: Really?! You're okay with it?!
Arisa: ...? Uh, yeah? But check first with Saya and everyone, okay? They've probably got their own plans too.
Kasumi: True... I'm sure it'll be more fun if we're all together! I'll message them!
Arisa: Huh? Were you seriously planning on going without them?
Arisa: (... Ugh! This part's off by a line... Sigh, time to start fixing.)
Arisa: (I should focus a bit more. It's not like I've got that much time to reorganize everything if I'm changing the entire layout...)
Kasumi: Oh, I just remembered we have to hand in an application form! I'll just jot down your name for you, okay?
Arisa: ... Uh-huh, thanks.
Kasumi: Alright~... Arisa... Ichigaya... There! Everything's good to go! I'm gonna go hand it in then!
Arisa: Sure...
Rinko: ...
Rinko: Um, Ichigaya-san... Are you really going to participate in the singing contest...?
Arisa: Sorry, I don't quite follow.
Rinko: Th-the piece of paper that Toyama-san signed for you... It was an application... for the downtown singing contest...
Arisa: Downtown... contest...
Rinko: Y-yes, downtown... contest...
Arisa: ... What?
Arisa: Ahhh~?! Wh-what do you mean?!
Rinko: I'm sorry, I assumed you knew when you were replying...
Arisa: N-not really... I actually wasn't paying much attention. Oh great... Wh-why did she have to bring up something so big like that in the middle of all of this?!
Arisa: ... Uh-oh! I gotta stop her or else she'll hand in the application...!
Arisa: Rinko-senpai!
Rinko: Y-yes...?
Arisa: I have to go and drag Kasumi back! Please just go home without me!
Rinko: O-okay...
Arisa: Thank you! Anyway, I have to run!
Arisa: Kasumiii~!!


<Practicing with Arisa>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kasumi: Phew~, time for a mini-break~!
Kasumi: Ah! Hi, {{userName}}-san! Oh, you've been cleaning outside?
Kasumi: We came to practice and also offer our New Year's greetings~! I'm in the middle of my break right now!
Kasumi: It sure gets dark fast during winter, huh~?
Kasumi: Oh, did you know you can see the stars better this time of the year because the air's dry?
Kasumi: ... Ah! I just found the first star of the night~!
Kasumi: Over there...! See it? Fufu, I have a feeling something great's going to happen now~♪
Kasumi: ... Huh? You saw the New Year's singing contest?!
Kasumi: Then does that mean you saw my duet with Arisa? We were pretty awesome, weren't we?!
Kasumi: Ehehe, thanks!
Kasumi: We went to karaoke, sang in the basement, and practiced a whole lot for the contest~.
Kasumi: Arisa was so embarrassed when we sang while we had the rest of the band act as our audience~.
Kasumi: Oh, Arisa's grandma even sang with us when we were practicing in the basement!
Kasumi: Of course, I had a ton of fun during the contest!
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan's group was super cute, and Kokoron suddenly joining Michelle and Marie was a huge surprise!
Kasumi: You should've entered the contest too~. It would've been nice to hear you sing a song~.
Kasumi: Oh! There's something that's been on my mind ever since the contest ended.
Kasumi: Don't you think it would've been so much more fun if all the contestants and the audience sang together at the end~?
Kasumi: Right? You think so too, don't you?
Kasumi: Just imagining it is making me excited! Hmm~, I'm gonna go and share my idea with everyone!
Kasumi: Ah, I know it's kind of late, but Happy New Year~!
