1401_Kasumi Toyama_R2 Enjoy Merienda♪

<Fun Spreads>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rinko: ... Um, these documents... go in this box... and these files...
Kasumi: Rinko-senpai~!
Rinko: T-Toyama-san...? Do you... need something?
Kasumi: I have a question. What kind of chocolates does Sayo-senpai like?!
Rinko: Ch-chocolates...? I'm a little confused...
(Black cut)
Rinko: So... You would like to give Hikawa-san something containing chocolate as a way of thanking her for teaching you how to make a roll cake...?
Kasumi: Yeah! That's why me and Misaki-chan are looking into the kinds of chocolate stuff that Sayo-senpai and Tsugu like!
Rinko: I see... But... in that case, wouldn't it be better to ask them directly...?
Kasumi: It would, but I'm thinking a surprise will make them happier, so I don't want them to know what's coming!
Rinko: I think I understand the situation now...
Rinko: Okay... If you think I can help... I will do my best.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks a bunch!
Rinko: It's all right... Let me think... Chocolate snacks that Hikawa-san likes...
Rinko: Ah... The other day, Imai-san brought some chocolate cookies she baked...
Rinko: And Hikawa-san seemed to like them. Her expression... was softer than usual...
Kasumi: Okay~! Let me write that down... Seemed to enjoy eating chocolate cookies...
Kasumi: What else makes her look happy when she eats?! Could you tell me about the kinds of snacks she likes? Like the feel and flavor!
Rinko: What else...? Um... there was the time we went to a restaurant after practice...
Rinko: And she said something about their latte being easy to drink because it wasn't too sweet...
Kasumi: Then it might be better to go with something that isn't too sweet! Anything else?!
Rinko: Hmm... Let's see...
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: ... All right, this should do it! Thanks so much! It looks like we'll be able to get Sayo-senpai something yummy now!
Rinko: I'm very glad... I hope Hikawa-san likes whatever you get her...
Kasumi: Me too! Your information's been super helpful! And Sayo-senpai helped make it an amazing Valentine's Day!
Kasumi: When I gave my bandmates the chocolate roll cake I baked, they were so happy.
Kasumi: And when I told Aa-chan about it, she asked me how I made it, so we got to make one at home together~...!  It was so much fun~.
Rinko: Fufu... I see...
Kasumi: I love it when happy or fun feelings spread and connect.
Kasumi: It's like the feelings last forever because they keep finding people to connect to!
Kasumi: So now I'm hoping this fun feeling can also make its way to Sayo-senpai~!
Rinko: Fufu... You have a very lovely way... of thinking...
Rinko: Always striving to do what you think will bring others happiness...
Rinko: I am certain Hikawa-san will appreciate what you do... and I hope your surprise works...
Kasumi: Me too! You gave me lots of information to work with, so I'm gonna do my best!
Misaki: Ah, there you are. Hey~, Toyama-san~. I managed to get us an appointment with Uehara-san~. She said she has time now.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~! Thanks, Misaki-chan!
Kasumi: Let's go interview her right away! We need to find out what Tsugu likes!
Kasumi: Thanks for all the information, Rinko-senpai! Let's go, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Huh? W-wait, stop tugging me...! And slow down~! There's no need to rush~!
Rinko: Fufu... Good luck.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Giving Back!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: Hi, Kasumi-chan. Somebody's really cheerful. Something good happen?
Kasumi: Yeah! I had a great Valentine's Day, thanks to Sayo-senpai and Tsugu!
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from them. You girls made a chocolate roll cake from that novel, right?
Marina: I hope it wasn't too difficult. It seems like it'd be quite the challenge.
Kasumi: Actually, it was super fun~! Sayo-senpai helped me with all the hard parts I didn't get.
Kasumi: And she said I just have to do the important stuff properly, so that took off a lot of the pressure~.
Marina: I see. Both of them do seem like the type who would be good at teaching people.
Kasumi: Yeah! Thanks to them, I learned how to do everything from start to finish!
Kasumi: And I even got to see my band and Aa-chan smile... It was a really fun Valentine's Day!
Marina: Ah, I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.
Kasumi: Yeah! That's why me and Misaki-chan decided we're gonna thank Sayo-senpai and Tsugu by making them some stuff with chocolate!
Marina: That's great. I'm sure they'll love it.
Kasumi: I know, right? I'm so ready to make them some yummy chocolate goodies~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
