1475_Kasumi Toyama_R5 Bonds and Gifts

<Bonds and Gifts>

Anime story


<LIVE to LIVE!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[After a Concert]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Kasumi: Mmm~! These cream puffs are so airy and good!
Tae: The rice balls are also pretty nice, Kasumi. Here, this one's got jerky inside.
Kasumi: Ooh~! Thanks, O-Tae~! Nom, nom...
Arisa: If you're gonna eat, how about sticking to one thing at a time...? And be more careful. You've got cream around your lips.
Kasumi: I can't help it! I'm starving after all that singing! Want some, too, Arisa?
Arisa: Hey, I get it, alright? No need to shove those things in my face...! Jeez, how do you have so much energy right after a show anyway...?
Rimi: I kind of understand though. I'm hungrier than usual myself because a lot of today's songs were so upbeat.
Saya: Fufu, well, bread's also a part of our collection of edible gifts, so have as much as you want. There are chocolate cornets, of course!
Rimi: Wow! Thanks, Saya-chan!
Saya: You're welcome. And what do you think you're doing, Kasumi~? Before you start eating that, you need to finish eating what you have first~.
Kasumi: Oops, you saw that...?! Okay~...
Rimi: Mmm~! I had no idea chocolate cornets after the concert could taste so delicious and make me this happy. I wonder how come...
Kasumi: Nom, nom... Gulp! Probably 'cause it was the best show ever!
Kasumi: Everyone's sparkling eyes and glow sticks made it look like there was a sea of stars... I just wanted to jump right in so bad!
Arisa: That's the third time you've said that... Not that I don't get where you're coming from.
Kasumi: I know~... But I still wanna keep saying it!
Tae: Mm-hmm. I can also still feel the sensation and excitement I felt when I was on the guitar.
Rimi: Everyone just looked so happy... I felt really touched.
Saya: I know what you mean. Smiling people, crying people, amazed people... The different reactions each time keeps things fresh.
Rimi: Fufu, and then there are those times when I see friends in the crowd. It makes me even more excited.
Kasumi: Oh~, I so get that one~! Like, today, LOCK and Mashiro-chan were there too!
Rimi: Fufu, they were waving their hands so much, weren't they? Seeing them makes me want to try even harder because they always look like they're having such fun~.
Kasumi: Seriously, looking back is making me want to do a show again... Wait a sec! How about we do one in Arisa's basement?!
Arisa: Now~?! You out of your mind...?
Saya: Yeah, a full-blown show's probably a bit much, don't you think...?
Kasumi: Oh, alright~. Ah~, but I still wanna get together and play, at least~!
Tae: Same. I want to play the guitar some more!
Rimi: ... Then why don't we get together for practice tomorrow? We don't have school, and we could do it after we've gone over the things we could've done better today.
Arisa: W-well, I guess...
Kasumi: Yay~! See you all tomorrow at Arisa's basement then~! Don't forget, okay?
Arisa: Man, Kasumi... You sure know how to get what you want, just like a little sister or something...
Rimi: Fufu, if I had a little sister, I wonder if she'd be like Kasumi-chan too.
Kasumi: Aw~. You're gonna make me blush if you keep saying such nice things~.
Arisa: That wasn't a compliment.
Kasumi: ...?
Tae: What is it, Kasumi?
Kasumi: You guys hear voices...?
???: Wh-what should we do...? Should we knock...?
???: But wouldn't we be causing trouble if we show up suddenly...?
Kasumi: Lemme go take a quick look!
LOCK & Mashiro: Ah, Kasumi-senpai...! Ah, Kasumi-san...!
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan! LOCK! What're you guys doing here?!
LOCK (Rokka): W-we're sorry, we didn't mean to intrude or anything...!
Kasumi: You're not intruding, I'm actually glad you came! Guys, we've got company~!
Saya: Hey there, you two! Thanks for coming to our concert today.
Kasumi: Yeah! I saw you from on stage!
Mashiro: Th-thank you very much for waving back. It made us really happy...!
Kasumi: You guys came all the way here after school, though, didn't you? Are you okay? Not tired or anything?
LOCK (Rokka): No, I'd never be tired! I'm actually worried this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling will make it impossible to sleep!
Mashiro: M-me too...! I got lots of energy from you...!
Kasumi: Really?! That's great~! Now you've given us a ton of energy as well.
Kasumi: We're so lucky to have first-years like you who show us so much support, you know? Let's all keep having sparkling, heart-pounding feelings together!
LOCK & Mashiro: Kasumi-senpai...! Kasumi-san...!
LOCK (Rokka): U-um, well...
Kasumi: ...? What is it, you two?
LOCK (Rokka): Mashiro-chan, ready...?
Mashiro: Y-yes...! Here it goes~...!
LOCK & Mashiro: W-we'd like you to have this...!
Kasumi: Whoa?! What's this...?!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much for such a wonderful show!
Mashiro: We tried really hard to pick something nice, so if you'd like, please enjoy eating this together...!
Kasumi: Aw~, LOCK, Mashiro-chan~...! No fair, you can't just surprise us like this~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Ah, Kasumi-san...!
LOCK (Rokka): Kasumi-senpai, that's too much squeezing...!
Kasumi: I'm so lucky to have first-years like you guys~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Looks like you can act the part of an upperclassman as well, huh? And to think you were making a fuss about doing another concert just now...
Saya: Fufu, it does feel a bit weird since she acts like a little sister in front of us, but I guess that's part of her charm.
Kasumi: ... Ah! I know! I just had a really great idea!
Arisa: What is it this time...?
Kasumi: We're going to play music together in Arisa's basement tomorrow... You two wanna come too?! Let's do a basement show together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
