1490_Kasumi Toyama_R3 Handmade Wishing Stars

<Wishes Sewn in the Afternoon>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: How many times do I have to tell you you're supposed to blind stitch there?
Kasumi: Ah, right! So the needle goes through here and...
Arisa: Wait, wait, you already did that part! Put the needle through this hole here.
Kasumi: Huh? What hole...? Wh-where...?
Arisa: Sheesh... Here, give it to me a bit. Watch, all right? This is how you do it...
Kasumi: Whoa~! That was just like it's done in the textbook!
Arisa: Seriously, it's not hard. Anyway, this is your assignment, so you take it from here, okay?
Kasumi: All right! I just have to copy what you did~. Like this~... Then the needle... Hm...? Where'd the stitch go...?
Arisa: ... Your thread's come out of the needle.
Kasumi: What?! When did that happen?
Arisa: Sigh~... You're so hopeless when it comes to sewing~.
Kasumi: Ehehe... Ah, I know! Why don't we take a short break and go check on Saya and O-Tae? They're probably in your basement!
Arisa: No. And that'd be a lot more than a short break.
Kasumi: Aw~, but~... Thinking about them working on the song makes me wonder how things are coming along~.
Arisa: Everything's gonna be fine. We're talking O-Tae and Saya. They'll come up with a good song for sure, all right?
Arisa: And before you start worrying about other people, start focusing on the assignment right in front of you!
Arisa: Think about it. The faster you finish, the faster you'll be able to go give them a hand.
Kasumi: I-I know, but~...
Arisa: Now move those hands. And focus!
Kasumi: Okay~...
Kasumi: ... By the way. Thanks.
Arisa: Huh? For what?
Kasumi: For doing this with me even though you're busy with your student council stuff.
Arisa: ... Well, I can work on these papers anywhere, and god knows you're never finishing that assignment without someone babysitting you.
Kasumi: You really do know me so well~!
Arisa: It's not exactly something to sound so proud of. Come on, focus. Your thread's gonna come out of the needle again.
Kasumi: Oops...! You're right~. That was a close one...
Arisa: ... Jeez. All right, I'll be working over here, so just ask as soon as you have any questions.
Kasumi: Okay! Thanks!
Kasumi: ...
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Hey, hey, do you think this'll be enough cotton stuffing?
Arisa: ... What the heck are you making?!
Kasumi: I'm using the extra cloth to make some star charms. Five of them, of course!
Arisa: You don't have time to fool around!
Kasumi: Aw~, but~...
Kasumi: O-Tae, Saya, and Rimi-rin are all working super hard, so I wanna give them something~.
Kasumi: And don't you think having matching charms will help us think of each other and make us feel extra motivated?
Kasumi: ... So can I?
Arisa: ... Oh, fine~.
Arisa: C'mon, I'll give you a hand. Let's get this out of the way quickly so that you can finish your assignment, all right?
Kasumi: Okay! Thanks, Arisa!
Kasumi: So I want to add some string to this part of the star to make them like keychains...
Arisa: If that's what you're going for, then you just have to make some space here, shove the thread in... and sew it together like this...
Kasumi: So, like this and this~...?
Arisa: Ah, wait. Might as well do a backstitch so that it becomes sturdier.
Kasumi: Hey, how'd you do that just now?!
Arisa: Calm down. Pay close attention, all right~...?
(White cut)
(Background change)


<What Outfit Would Go With It?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Hi, Kasumi-chan. On your way somewhere?
Kasumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi! I'm going to go hang out with the rest of the band!
Marina: Nice. Ah, that's a cute star charm hanging from your bag, by the way. Is it handmade?
Kasumi: Yeah, all of us have one. I made them while working on my home ec assignment!
Marina: Fufu, I see. Say, I heard from Saya-chan that you girls wrote a song for CHiSPA.
Kasumi: We did! I wanted to help too, but I had to work on an assignment~...
Marina: That's too bad. Must've been a bit frustrating for you.
Kasumi: It really was! And thinking about how badly I wanted to hurry and go help made it hard to focus on it.
Kasumi: But then Arisa said the faster I finish, the faster I can go help, and I realized she was so right.
Kasumi: Thanks to her, I managed to make it before the due date!
Marina: Fufu, that's good. So, how'd the song by Saya-chan and Tae-chan turn out?
Kasumi: Super amazing~!
Kasumi: The words were filled with Saya's warmth, and O-Tae's melody really surprised me with this totally new way of playing the guitar...
Kasumi: It was Poppin'Party, but it also wasn't. It felt like a completely new kind of song!
Marina: I see. Maybe the song turned out the way it did because they worked on it together.
Kasumi: I think so too! And arranging their song was also lots of fun!
Kasumi: It was so exciting to think about things like what phrase to use to make the melody shine more or how to write the intro to make the lyrics more relatable...
Kasumi: It was like that feeling you get when you're dressing someone really cute in a really cute outfit!
Marina: Fufu, and that was a really cute metaphor. You obviously enjoyed working on the arrangement.
Kasumi: I totally did! Writing a song for another band is what reminded me of how fun arranging can be, so I'm really glad we agreed to do it!
Kasumi: If we ever get the chance to write for another band, I'd love to try again~. Hopefully, we'll even be able to do a show together, just like we did with CHiSPA!
Marina: I'm sure you'll get another opportunity.
Marina: Fufu, you know, listening to you talk about the CHiSPA song makes me want to hear it.
Kasumi: It's seriously great! I really recommend checking out their shows!
Kasumi: Ah, I'm gonna be late! Sorry, Marina-san, gotta run! Bye!
Marina: All right, see you. Take care.
