1544_Kasumi Toyama_R3 Look What I Found!

<Closer to the Sky than Before>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Classroom 2E]

Kasumi: O-Tae, you there~?
Hagumi: Huh? Kaa-kun! O-Tae's at the teacher's office right now!
Kasumi: Oh. I wanted to talk to her about something that has to do with our upcoming practice session.
Hagumi: She's just handing a notebook to the teacher. I'm sure she'll be back soon!
Kasumi: I see! I guess I'll wait for her here then.
Hagumi: Good idea! You can chat with me while you wait!
Kasumi: Thanks, Hagu! Say...
Hagumi: Hm? What is it, Kaa-kun? Is there something on my face?
Kasumi: No, it's not that... I wanted to ask, Hagu, have I changed much since I was little?
Hagumi: Since you were little? Why are you suddenly asking?
Kasumi: The other day, I got to hear about when Arisa was little, and I realized that she's changed in some ways but stayed the same in others.
Kasumi: That got me thinking... What about me~?
Hagumi: How you've changed from back then... Hmm... Oh!
Kasumi: Did you think of something?!
Hagumi: You're taller than you used to be!
Kasumi: Th-that's so true! I can reach all sorts of places I couldn't before!
Hagumi: I've grown taller too. It lets me catch balls that are higher up~.
Kasumi: Oh! Hagu, you remember that time when we were small when we tried to buy a drink from a vending machine...?
Hagumi: I do! We wanted an orange juice to share! But we couldn't quite reach the button...
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! So you jumped up and pressed it~.
Hagumi: Right! But because I was jumping, I pressed the one for a different drink...
Kasumi: And we ended up with a soda instead! I remember being surprised it was all fizzy and stuff, but it was tasty~!
Hagumi: That sure brings back memories! Now we don't have to jump or reach up to get drinks!
Kasumi: If you think about it that way, we sure have changed a lot. We can even use kanji characters to write our names!
Hagumi: Oh yeah! Back then, we could only use hiragana! Though my name is supposed to be in hiragana anyway!
Hagumi: Ah, I know! Kaa-kun, you can also ride a bike now without any help!
Kasumi: You're right! I don't even need training wheels to ride without any trouble!
Kasumi: Also... We used to only know how to add and subtract, but now we can multiply and divide!
Hagumi: Even though we had so much trouble learning the multiplication table at first!
Hagumi: This is amazing! We've changed a whole lot from back then!
Kasumi: Yeah...! Uh, wait a minute... That's not what I was going for.
Hagumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Kasumi: I wasn't asking about stuff like getting taller or riding a bike. I meant more like my atmosphere or aura~.
Hagumi: Atmosphere or aura?
Kasumi: You know, something like becoming more dependable or mature!
Hagumi: ...? Oh! I know!
Hagumi: You've always been sparkly, but you're even more sparkly now!
Kasumi: Sparkly...
Kasumi: Really?!
Hagumi: Yeah! You were that way back then, but it's like you're a whole lot brighter now.
Hagumi: At shows, whenever we meet at school, when you come by to buy our croquettes... You sparkle differently each time, but you always look like you're having fun!
Kasumi: Ehehe... Sparkling, huh? Oh, but the same goes for you, Hagu. You totally sparkle more now too!
Hagumi: Really?! Huh! I guess we've both become sparklier without even realizing it!
Hagumi: I wonder if that means we'll sparkle even more the older we get.
Kasumi: Yup! I bet we will! Let's make sure we keep sparkling even more~!


<Very, Very Thankful!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, finally done for now. Ah, isn't that Kasumi-chan over there?
Kasumi: The chorus part... Hmm...
Marina: Looks like she's concentrating really hard. Let's let her be so that we don't disturb her.
Kasumi: ... Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: Hey, Kasumi-chan. Sorry, we probably distracted you from what you're working on, didn't we?
Kasumi: Not at all! Not to mention, having people to talk to might give me some nice ideas for the lyrics!
Marina: Oh, writing a song, huh? Is it a new one for the upcoming show?
Kasumi: Bingo! But I have a bit of writer's block...
Marina: I see. That's a tough spot to be in...
Kasumi: Yeah, it hasn't been easy~. I have so many feelings I want to write about, but I can't come up with the right words.
Marina: I know what you mean. It's difficult to put feelings into words. I wish we could help...
Kasumi: Ehehe, thanks. Oh right! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san...
Kasumi: Thank you so much for everything!
Marina: You're welcome... Wait, why are you suddenly thanking us?
Kasumi: Thinking about the new song just made me want to show my gratitude!
Marina: Gratitude...?
Kasumi: So you see, Arisa's grandma will be coming to watch that show of ours.
Marina: We heard from Arisa-chan. I bet you're so happy she's coming.
Kasumi: Absolutely! And since she'll to be there, we thought it'd be nice to perform a new song for her.
Kasumi: I've been writing about all the feelings I got to see that Arisa usually doesn't express, like the gratitude she always has toward her grandma.
Kasumi: And that's what got me thinking that I only got to where I am because of everyone's help and support.
Kasumi: The gratitude I felt toward all those people overwhelmed me so much that I just had to thank both of you directly!
Marina: Oh, so that's what the earlier thank you was for. But you know what? Those are our words too. Thanks for everything, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: What?! Have I even ever done anything to deserve that?!
Marina: There's so much! You and the rest of the Poppin'Party girls always give us so much energy, and you all put on such super fun shows.
Kasumi: Okay, so I guess the three of us feel the same way then...
Kasumi: I was already feeling good before, but I feel even way better now... And you know what? I've got tons of phrases I want to include in our song too!
Marina: Fufu, I'm glad we were able to help. Looking forward to hearing that new song at the next show.
Kasumi: Great! I'll do my best to make it something that can express a whole bunch of thanks!
