1580_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Great idea! Let's do a show now!

<What You Desire the Most Now>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Okay, let's do the next question!
Arisa: You seriously want to keep going...? Can't we stop now? We've done a ton of questions already. What we should do is cut the birthday cake...
Rimi: Huh?! Can't we do just a little more? I'd like to know what the next one is...
Tae: Let's go for it. I want to keep doing this until the sun comes up.
Saya: I don't know about going until tomorrow morning, but we can definitely do it a bit longer! Alright, everybody, here we go.
Saya: "You find a notebook on the side of the street. What is written inside of it?"
Arisa: Would you even look inside a notebook you found on the ground?
Rimi: You can't think about, Arisa-chan. For psychological tests, you have to say the first thing that comes to mind!
Tae: Umm... I'd pick up the notebook, open it, and... Ah! I can see it!
Tae: It's a drawing of rabbits dancing around a bonfire!
Arisa: That drawing sounds way too detailed... What kind of ritual is that, anyway?
Saya: Hmm~, there could be a picture... But maybe I'd see a recipe for a new kind of bun.
Rimi: I think... I'd like to see a poem. One so fleeting it makes your head spin...!
Saya: We'd all know whose notebook that belonged to. How about you, Arisa?
Arisa: This isn't ending until everybody answers, is it...? Well~, I'd see lyrics for a new song. They'd be the best lyrics ever and bring down the house at our next show.
Kasumi: Lyrics, huh~? That would be nice too~! For me...
Kasumi: It'd be a photo from one of our shows! A moment in time when we and the audience were sparkling!
Arisa: You're supposed to say something that is "written" in the notebook!
Kasumi: When I opened the notebook, the photo was in between the pages! Alright, Saya, what are our answers supposed to tell us?
Saya: Well... It says that your answer to this psychological test question is the thing you most want right now.
Rimi: Fufu, I guess it shouldn't come as a surprise that the thing Kasumi-chan wants to do most now is play a show.
Tae: Then, let's play right now. It's Kasumi's b'day, so let's give her what she wants the most.
Kasumi: O-Tae~! Great idea! Let's do a show now!
Arisa: Ugh~, you guys are killing me! Why do we have to do that right now?! Enough already! I'm cutting the birthday cake!


<Singing Transcends Stars>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rokka Asahi)

[Galaxy]

Kasumi: Hello~! LOCK, are you here~?
LOCK (Rokka): Hrm?! Kasumi-senpai, you're really early. There's still a lot of time before the rehearsal for today's show...
Kasumi: Well~... Ta-da~! Let's do this together!
LOCK (Rokka): "Understanding The Real You! The Complete Psychological Test Book"... Huh? You want to do a psychological test right now?
LOCK (Rokka): And the title says you'll understand the "real" you...! I-I'm not ready for that!
Kasumi: That's okay! I'm not ready either!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, you're not afraid to just go for it...! By the way, what kind of things will these tests tell me about myself?
Kasumi: Dunno! I'm doing this test question for the first time too~.
Kasumi: Psychological tests are kinda exciting! It's like you're gonna discover a part of yourself that you didn't even know existed.
LOCK (Rokka): A part of yourself that you don't know existed... That does sound a little interesting.
Kasumi: Right? But instead of doing it alone, it's even more fun doing it with friends.
Kasumi: That's why we should do it!
LOCK (Rokka): ...! Okay, let's take the test!
Kasumi: Umm, the question says...
Kasumi: "An alien appeared before you. You did something that made them smile. What did you do?"
LOCK (Rokka): A-an alien...?! What on earth could you do to make them smile the first time you meet...?!
Kasumi: An alien, huh~...? I'd wanna ask them what planet they came from~.
Kasumi: And wouldn't you wanna ask what kinda food they eat? I wonder if they like music~. I bet it'd be fun to sing with them~!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, you're just going along with it...
Kasumi: Huh? Is that weird?
LOCK (Rokka): I don't mean it like that. It's just, um, you're really opened-minded...
Kasumi: That's because I wanna be friends with them. They're an alien, for goodness sake!
Kasumi: So I guess I'd sing with them and we'd smile together~. What would you do, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): I would... Umm... Maybe I'd eat some tasty yams with them...
Kasumi: Alrighty, now let's look at what our answers are supposed to mean! This psychological test tells you...
Kasumi: What you'd do to get along with someone new! Your answer is totally you, LOCK! People smile when they eat yummy food together.
LOCK (Rokka): Your answer is so you too! I guess even if we're from different planets, singing together could help us become friends.
Kasumi: Being from different planets... Something about that sounds so sparkling and heart-pounding!
Kasumi: LOCK, today I'm gonna sing so loud that my voice will be heard throughout the universe!
LOCK (Rokka): Kasumi-senpai...! I can't wait to hear that!
