1622_Kasumi Toyama_R4 To a Brand New Sky

Gacha phrase: This room's musically sacred!

<∞ Clubs Club>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: So then, Tomoe panicked and ran back to get her bag...
Tsugumi: Fufu, I see.
Kasumi: Hello~!
Tsugumi & Himari: Ah, Kasumi-chan! Oh, Kasumi!
Tsukushi: Welcome! May I take your order?
Kasumi: Uh~, I'll have an orange juice, then! Oh, and while I'm at it, I might as well get some chocolate cake, too~♪
Tsukushi: Coming right up! Tsugumi-senpai, you can take it easy and chat if you want. There aren't any other customers right now, so let me handle it.
Tsugumi: Oh wow, thanks, Tsukushi-chan. I guess I'll do just that, then.
Tsukushi: Okay! I'll be right back with your order.
Kasumi: Tsukushi-chan looks like she's gotten used to working here, huh~?
Tsugumi: Yeah. She's already memorized all the regulars' usual orders.
Kasumi: Wooow~! Tsukushi-chan, you're amazing!
Tsukushi: Yes~? Did you call?!
Tsugumi: It's nothing, Tsukushi-chan!
Himari: Gosh though, you're in a good mood today, Kasumi. Did something good happen?
Kasumi: You bet! Yesterday, Poppin'Party went to check out a college campus festival!
Himari: A campus festival?! That sounds like so much fun~! I wish I could have gone! So? How was it?!
Kasumi: It was really, reeeally cool! The buildings were all huge, the campus was gigantic, and... everyone looked super grown-up!
Tsugumi: Grown-up...? Well, college students don't need to wear uniforms or have their hair any specific way, I suppose.
Himari: I'm so jealous~. I wish I could go to school in normal clothes, too.
Tsugumi: I feel like I'd end up worrying too much about what I'd want to wear. Oh yeah, did you check out any of the clubs?
Himari: I wanna hear about that, too~! How were they? Were there any that looked fun?
Kasumi: Yup! There was this open space where they all had booths set up, and they were selling food and amps and stuff... Oh, and the Light Music Club put on an outdoor concert...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: ... And no matter which club it was, all the members looked like they were sparkling really bright!
Himari: Huh~! That sounds like so much fun~! Gosh, I really wish I could've gone, too~.
Tsugumi: I can't believe colleges have that many different clubs. That's kind of a surprise.
Himari: If there's that many awesome clubs to join though, I bet picking one would be really hard~.
Kasumi: Right~? Oh yeah, I just remembered something else! You can make your own club if you want, too!
Himari: Really? Oooh, that means you could make a club with your friends about something you all like, right? That'd be so great!
Kasumi: What kind of club would you make?!
Himari: Hm~... Well~... Ah! What about an All-You-Can-Eat Sweets Club?
Himari: Everyone brings their own food to share, and anyone can have anything, anytime!
Kasumi: Oh, that's good! I like that a lot~! I wonder what sort of sweets I'd bring~.
Tsugumi: That's not really any different from what Afterglow does now though, is it...?
Himari: Oh, you're right. Hm~... Then...?
Kasumi: How about a Karaoke Lovers Club?!
Tsugumi: Karaoke Lovers Club?
Kasumi: Everyone gets together and goes out to sing karaoke together! ... Gasp! Or, we could put karaoke equipment in the club room and make it a 24/7 karaoke place! How's that?!
Himari: That's a great idea! We've got to do it!
Tsugumi: Using the clubroom for karaoke... I wonder if the college would recognize that as a club activity...
Tsukushi: Sorry for the wait! Here's your orange juice and chocolate cake.
Kasumi: Thanks, Tsukushi-chan~!
Kasumi: Oh, that's it! Tsukushi-chan, what sort of club would you want to make?
Tsukushi: C-club...?
Tsugumi: We were talking about how you're allowed to make your own clubs in college, so we were thinking of what sort of clubs we'd want to make.
Tsukushi: I-I see... Um~... If it were me... Maybe a cooking club...?
Tsukushi: We could all make sweets together and taste test them, or come up with new menus... If it were a club like that, it'd come in handy for my job here, too...
Kasumi: Tsukushi-chan... You're amazing...!
Himari: Yeah. Being able to come up an idea that'd connect to your job here... You might be more grown-up than me...!
Tsugumi: Fufu, Hazawa Coffee's proud to have her on the team.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai...!
Kasumi: Man, just talking about making clubs like this is enough to get me dreaming big~!
Himari: Yeah, it's actually a lot of fun!
Kasumi: Ah, I've got it! How about we make a new club for ourselves right now?!
Himari: Good idea! Then let's say this is the first meeting of the "Thinking of Fun Club Ideas Club!"
Kasumi: And the first members are me, Himari-chan, Tsugu, and Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Huh?! Me too?!
Kasumi: Of course! ... Oh, shoot, I've got to get to Arisa's basement. Practice is about to start!
Himari: I've actually got some shopping I've got to take care of, too! Alright, let's meet back here next week to present our new club ideas, everyone!
Kasumi: Yeah! Thanks for the food, Tsugu! Tsukushi-chan!
Himari: Bye bye~!
Tsugumi: No problem. Take care~!
Tsugumi: Alright. Let's get this table cleaned up, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: O-okay...!
Tsukushi: (O-oh, no... Next week... I've got to come up with a bunch of fun club ideas by next week...)


<Taste of Warmth>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Riverside]

Marina: Gosh, I'm hungry~. What should we do for lunch?
Kasumi: Hmhmhmm~♪ Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi there, Kasumi-chan. You look like you're in a good mood. Going somewhere?
Kasumi: Yup! Poppin'Party's going to meet at O-Tae's old coworker's place to thank her!
Marina: Tae-chan's old coworker...?
Kasumi: From back when O-Tae was working part-time at SPACE. She helped us out a lot during the Rocking Star Festival...! The other day, she invited us to her college for a festival!
Marina: I see. How was it? Did you have fun?
Kasumi: Oh man, you bet we did! The buildings and the grounds were all sooo big, and there were all these really fun people... Everything felt so new!
Kasumi: The Light Music Club was especially super cool~! They had all sorts of equipment lying around that they said had been used for a really, really long time!
Marina: Wow, that's amazing. Equipment usually wears out after a few years, so they must have taken really good care of it all.
Kasumi: Yeah, exactly! When the club president was talking about using their stuff, they had this super kind, gentle look on their face. I could totally tell they really cared!
Marina: Fufu, I see. Judging from the way you describe them, it sounds like they've got a lot of love for their gear.
Kasumi: The clubroom felt nice, warm, and inviting, too...
Marina: If the club members are all that nice to their equipment, I bet you that comes through in the space they hang out in, too. How was their concert, though?
Kasumi: There were all sorts of bands playing genres I'd never heard of before, and they were all so unique, so the crowd was going wild!
Kasumi: And at the end, when everyone came back onstage and hugged Pres together, seeing that... it made me feel all nice and fuzzy on the inside.
Marina: Sounds like that concert meant a lot to the club, huh?
Kasumi: Yeah, it did! Pres and some others were retiring from the club that day, so everyone was tossing them up in the air, and I saw some people even crying and begging them not to quit...
Kasumi: Seeing how much Pres meant to all those people made me start to tear up, too.
Marina: I'm sure they must have done a lot for the club up until now. That's why everyone loves them.
Kasumi: I agree! They were so nice, they even let us play in their concert!
Kasumi: They taught us how to use the all the equipment they had, and before we went onstage they said, "Everyone here's a friend. So go out there and have fun!" Which made me so happy...
Marina: Fufu. Sounds like you had an amazing experience with a great group of college students, huh?
Kasumi: Yeah! I did!
Kasumi: Ah, Arisa's texting me. "We're all in the basement waiting for you..."
Kasumi: Oh no, I'm gonna be late! Okay, I've gotta go, Marina-san!
Marina: Sure. Take care and have fun!
