1703_Kasumi Toyama_R5 Now Working Part-Time!

Gacha phrase: Doesn't it feel like... we're totally high school third-years now?!

<Wanna Rehearse?>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Mmm~! I'm in heaven~! All these breads from your place taste amazing, Saya-chan.
Saya: Fufufu, glad to have the approval of one of our regulars~! The ones I brought are actually all new, and I could use the feedback, so keep eating away, guys!
Kasumi: ...
Tae: Kasumi, aren't you going to eat? If you're not, I'm helping myself to yours.
Kasumi: Ahh! No, don't, O-Tae~!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, you seem restless... Are you okay?
Arisa: I bet she's just thinking about tomorrow's part-time gig again.
Kasumi: Bingo~, Arisa! My heart's been pounding since yesterday~!
Arisa: Yesterday? Feels like it's been that way for a while. Pretty sure you said the same thing last week...
Saya: I totally get you though~. I'm excited too.
Saya: Until now, helping out at the bakery meant being surrounded by family and regulars.
Saya: The idea of working with people I don't know makes me feel like I'll be leaping into a new world. I'm really looking forward to it!
Kasumi: Yeah! I knew you'd feel the same way, too, Saya~! I so can't wait for tomorrow~!
Kasumi: I wonder what we'll be doing~.
Tae: Alright, then. Let's do it. Let's rehearse for tomorrow.
Rimi: ... Rehearse? You mean for work?
Tae: Mm-hmm! I have the most work experience, after all!
Kasumi: Thanks so much~, O-Tae! I'm good to go!
Arisa: Great, looks like more of their shenanigans are about to begin...
Saya: Fufufu, seems harmless enough. Not to mention, kind of fun too.
Tae: Okay, I'll be a customer. Kasumi, you can be a RiNG part-timer!
Kasumi: Okay! I'll do my best!
Tae: Ready?
Tae: ... So this is RiNG~. I wonder what it's like.
Kasumi: Hi there~! Welcome to RiNG! Thanks so much for coming today, O-Tae... I mean ma'am. I'll do my absolute best to assist you!
Tae: Sorry, so, this is my first time here...
Kasumi: I see! Well, thank you! It's actually your lucky day! All the studios are currently available! Oh! Let me tell you about our studios!
Arisa: You're saying way too much at once...
Tae: I was wondering... Which studio do you think I'll enjoy playing in the most?
Kasumi: Hmm~, I'd have to say the big one~! Standing in the middle and just rocking out on your guitar is a blast~!
Kasumi: Oh... I know what I recommended, and I still do, but I'm sure you'll be able to have fun no matter what studio you choose!
Arisa: ... Sounds like you failed to answer the customer's question.
Tae: That was perfect, Kasumi!
Arisa: It was?!
Tae: Based on how you interact with customers, I'm sure they'll be able to have a great time using the studios.
Kasumi: Aw~, thanks, O-Tae~!
Kasumi: Hey, hey! Arisa, what did you think of my attempt?
Arisa: Too many issues, if you ask me... You just completely did your own thing and left the customer behind.
Kasumi: I did~?! Oh great~...
Rimi: But when it's your first time using a studio, you tend to feel nervous, so I think dealing with an employee who's cheerful toward you might help you relax a bit.
Saya: Yeah. I think your energy would be contagious, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Yay~!
Arisa: You two are way too soft on her.
Saya: And you worry too much, Arisa. If you're that worried, want to go to RiNG tomorrow to check on Kasumi?
Arisa: N-no thanks.
Kasumi: I'll do my best and be sure to nail it, Arisa!
Arisa: ... Just try not to let your enthusiasm go overboard and end up causing trouble for the people around you.
Kasumi: Yeah!
Tae: Your turn now, Saya. Time for Job Roleplay: Booking Studios~!
Saya: Ahaha, didn't think I'd get to practice too. Alright, I'll take you up on your offer then. Thanks, O-Tae!
Kasumi: Oh, then the rest of us will all be customers too!
Arisa: Huh?! Even me?!
Kasumi: Alright, here we go~! Let's start~☆


<Looking Up at a New Spark>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: This should be all the equipment you need. Just in case, though, I threw in some extra cables!
Kasumi: Thanks so much, Marina-san! Sorry for the sudden request to borrow equipment.
Marina: No problem! When you just open up shop, things can be pretty unpredictable.
Marina: Don't worry about returning everything until things settle down either.
Kasumi: Okay, thanks~! I'll let Ririko-san know!
Marina: Looks like you've gotten the hang of working at the studio! So, how's work treating you?
Kasumi: There's a lot to memorize, but it's super fun! Having you come by has been a huge help, too, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Nice. Glad to hear it! Thanks for everything, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: I've been hearing good things about you and Kasumi-chan from Ririko-san, by the way. They said you're both reliable hard workers.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~!
Marina: It's supposed to be your first time doing real part-time work, though, isn't it, Kasumi-chan? That makes what you're doing all the more impressive~.
Kasumi: No, no, not at all~. It's thanks to my coworkers! They're all so nice and teach me so much!
Kasumi: Besides, I really enjoy getting to talk with the customers about music and instruments!
Marina: I know what you mean~. I enjoy talking to you and the rest of the girls too.
Marina: Hearing you say you'll be back again always makes me so happy and gives me energy.
Kasumi: I can totally understand that feeling now! Oh, I also enjoy looking at the sky after work...
Kasumi: The stars I saw from RiNG on my first day of work were so pretty.
Kasumi: They made me feel like I'd get to encounter so many new things that would make me feel sparkling and heart-pounding in ways I've never felt before...
Kasumi: Just the idea of what's waiting for me out there made me so excited!
Marina: I see. Well, I hope you do get all those sparkling, heart-pounding feelings you're looking forward to.
Kasumi: Thanks!
Marina: I'll be wishing you the best, Kasumi-chan! If you ever have work problems, feel free to come talk to me, okay?
Kasumi: Thank you so much...! Ahh! The time! Ririko-san might be worried! I should head back!
Kasumi: Bye, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san...
Kasumi: See you around both here and at RiNG!
