1769_Kasumi Toyama_R5 The Committee’s Job

Gacha phrase: Alright~! I'm gonna make it a fun culture festival for sure~!

<My Sister the Committee Leader>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Asuka: I'm home~.
Kasumi: For this section... Hmm~...
Asuka: Sis? What's with the pile of documents?
Kasumi: Oh, Aa-chan! Welcome back~.
Kasumi: You see, I became the head organizer of the culture festival committee for the next culture festival! These documents are paperwork and applications and stuff!
Asuka: Wait, really? You're the head organizer... Is this year's festival gonna be okay...?
Kasumi: C'mon, of course it will!
Kasumi: But to be honest, I was a bit shocked. It's a lot more work than I expected, you know?
Kasumi: I've gotta make sure the documents are good, either stamp or not stamp them, confirm stuff with lots of different people... My brain's gonna explode~!
Asuka: Ahaha. It's not limited to the culture festival, but that's what being a head organizer is like, huh?
Asuka: Want me to help with anything?
Kasumi: Thank you, but don't worry! It's my responsibility, after all!
Asuka: Okay. Do your best, then.
Asuka: Still, I can't believe you're the head organizer. Now that you're a third-year, even someone like you can be depended on by others~.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'll make it a super fun culture festival, so look forward to it!
Asuka: M-mhm... I didn't think you'd take what I said so seriously. Wasn't expecting that.
Asuka: (... That just shows how determined she is. I don't wanna bother her, so I'll leave her alone.)
Kasumi: Umm, the application forms to use the gym are this one and this one an- Huh? There should be one from the Theater Club... Oh, found it.
Kasumi: I'll need this document together with these ones when giving it to the teacher. And these ar- What? There's so many documents without stamps!
Kasumi: I've gotta return them and have them stamped. That means I can't do anything about these ones, so they're for later...
Asuka: I'm... gonna have some hot cocoa.
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Ugh~...
Asuka: ... Oh, this band's new release is already out. I'll buy it later.
Kasumi: ... Aa-chan, what are you drinking?
Asuka: Hot cocoa.
Kasumi: Oh~... Hot cocoa, huh~? That's so nice~...
Asuka: ... Wanna drink some too?
Kasumi: I... do, but maybe later. If I take a break now, I feel like I'll keep being lazy after.
Asuka: Okay, got it. Do your best with the paperwork.
Kasumi: Yeah...
Kasumi: ...
Kasumi: Hey, Aa-chan. Is that hot cocoa... yummy?
Asuka: Of course.
Kasumi: It's the one on those commercials lately, right? It's supposed to be super rich, but not too sweet!
Asuka: Sigh... Why don't you just give up and take a break for a little?
Kasumi: What?! I-I can't! I'm not even halfway done!
Asuka: You'll be less efficient if you don't take breaks sometimes, you know?
Kasumi: Ngh~... Th-then... just for a little bit...!
Asuka: Here you go. It's hot, so be careful.
Kasumi: Thank you~! ... Mmm~, having hot cocoa made by you makes me feel so relaxed~.
Asuka: You're giving me too much credit.
Asuka: Anyway, you seem like you're having a hard time. What are you worried about?
Kasumi: Well, for this year's culture festival, my class is gonna do a café. So I was thinking about what to have on the menu.
Kasumi: Of course, everyone in class will suggest ideas, but I'm the head organizer of the committee, after all! I wanna suggest something that'll blow everyone away!
Asuka: I don't think it's necessarily your job to do that...
Kasumi: But still! I wanna suggest something~!
Asuka: Hmm~... Then what about chocolate roll cakes? Like the one we made on Valentine's Day.
Asuka: They're not that common, and they're good enough to serve in a café at a culture festival, right?
Kasumi: Chocolate roll cakes... That's it! That's it, Aa-chan!
Kasumi: Those roll cakes taste amazing, and they look cute too. Everyone will be happy for sure! That's my Aa-chan! You're so reliable~!
Asuka: I-I get it already. Stop hugging me. Jeez, you're so dramatic, Sis.
Kasumi: Alright~! I'm gonna suggest it to the class tomorrow! If we go with roll cakes, then we'll call them "Aa-chan's Eureka Tea Set", okay?!
Asuka: Don't. It's embarrassing.
Kasumi: C'mon~, it's a good name~.
Asuka: Anyway, you've still got work to do, right? Do them after you finish your drink.
Kasumi: Mhm! Thanks, Aa-chan!
Kasumi: Alright~, I'll do my best until the end~!


<Endless After-Party>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Hi there, Kasumi-chan. Are you going out today?
Kasumi: Yup! I'm going to a candy store!
Kasumi: I'll be having a culture festival wrap-up party with Poppin'Party, so I've gotta buy lots of snacks!
Marina: Oh, right. Hanasakigawa had a culture festival the other day. How was it?
Kasumi: It was super fun!
Kasumi: I was the head organizer of the culture festival committee, and it was a blast! I got to experience a lot of things. It was the best!
Marina: That's great! I'm glad you had fun~. What did you do as the head organizer?
Kasumi: Umm, I checked what all the stalls and activities were about, ordered equipment... I also patrolled the school, and if there was anyone in trouble I helped them out!
Kasumi: Basically, I was talking to lots of people and had so much to do every day, but it was all so much fun. I think I was laughing the whole time!
Marina: That's amazing~. It sounds like you enjoyed the culture festival from the preparation to the real thing!
Kasumi: Ehehe... But... there was something I struggled with.
Kasumi: Not only does the head organizer have to talk to people, but they also have to read and organize a ton of documents. And that's not my thing~...
Kasumi: No matter how hard I tried, I wasn't making progress! I didn't know what to do. But everyone helped me, so I got it done in the end!
Marina: You worked hard~. Good job, head organizer!
Kasumi: Ehehe. It's thanks to everyone's help!
Kasumi: Especially Eve-chan. She helped me out so, soo much!
Kasumi: She'd always cheer me on by saying, "Let's do our best to make this culture festival fun for everyone!" and "You and I are as one!"
Kasumi: Even though she's busier than me because of her clubs and idol work, she manages her time and works hard. Seeing that made me realize I shouldn't be complaining.
Kasumi: So the reason I pushed through until the end is because of Eve-chan!
Marina: Fufu, I see. This year's culture festival must be really inspiring for you, then.
Marina: Since you had a lot of fun, aren't you sad that it ended, though?
Kasumi: Just a bit. But talking to everyone made the sadness disappear!
Kasumi: Even if the culture festival is over, the days I spend with my friends will continue. I feel like it'll be as fun... No, even more fun than the festival.
Kasumi: When I realized that, all the sadness just went away! I knew I had to chase after the sparkling and heart-pounding feelings in front of me!
Marina: I'm sure there are a lot of fun things ahead! Starting with the culture festival wrap-up party, of course.
Kasumi: Yup! There's gotta be something heart-pounding waiting for me today~!
Kasumi: Oh, shoot! It's almost time for me to meet up with everyone! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you around at CiRCLE!
Marina: Okay, see you soon! Have lots of fun!
