1858_Kasumi Toyama_R5 Head Dentist Toyama

Gacha phrase: Whirrr~, zzzzt...

<Miraculous Surprise>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Hm-hmhm-hm~♪ O-Tae, O-Tae, come, come, hurry come, O-Tae~♪
Arisa: What kind of a song is that? You sure are in a good mood today.
Kasumi: How can I not be? It's gonna be our first time practicing here since O-Tae's tooth got better!
Arisa: All she did was go to the dentist, you know?
Kasumi: I know, but I'm just so glad she's happy again!
Arisa: ... Well, I get you. Seeing O-Tae lose it like that was a first for me too.
Kasumi: Hey, Arisa, Arisa. Look. I brought something~.
Arisa: Oh~, the paper bag. I was wondering what it was for. I figured you were up to something. So, what's inside?
Kasumi: Let me show you~... Ta-dah~!
Kasumi: Bunny-shaped cookies and bunny chocolates! Aren't they cute~?!
Kasumi: I put together this special surprise to celebrate O-Tae's recovery!
Arisa: Huh...?
Kasumi: I mean, she did say she wanted to feast on chocolates and cookies once her cavity was gone~.
Kasumi: What do you think? Do you think she'll like them?
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Arisa?
Arisa: Sigh~, you've gotta be kidding me... You too...?
Kasumi: Hm? What do you mean you too...?
Arisa: Even though the dentist scared her, O-Tae still toughed it out... so I thought I'd get her something nice...
Kasumi: Wait, you were thinking that too?
Kasumi: You should've said so~!
Kasumi: Now that she's getting two surprises, I bet she's going to be twice as happy!
Arisa: About that...
Arisa: I also got bunny cookies and chocolate...
Kasumi: Seriously?! These are the exact same ones I got!
Arisa: Considering all the chocolates and cookies that are out there, I can't believe this happened...
Kasumi: It has to be 'cause we're on the same wavelength~! Isn't this awesome, Arisa?!
Arisa: N-not another word, okay...?
Rimi: I'm sorry for being late~!
Kasumi: Oh, it's Rimi-rin! Heya~, Rimi-rin♪
Rimi: Is O-Tae-chan here already?
Kasumi: Nuh-uh, not yet. She should be soon, though, I think!
Rimi: Great, I'm so glad I made it before her.
Rimi: You see, I got her a surprise gift. It's these bunny-shaped cookies and chocolates...
Kasumi & Arisa: ...!
Rimi: What's the matter, you two?
Rimi: ... W-wait... The snacks on the table... Don't tell me we all got the same ones...
Arisa: Sigh~, we did. That's the one I got.
Kasumi: And this one's mine~!
Rimi: The same chocolates and cookies from the same store too...!
Kasumi: We're so amazing! We all think the same way~!
Rimi: Fufu. It's like a miracle of sorts.
Kasumi: Yeah! And it was our bond as band members that made it happen!
Arisa: So much for lightning never striking the same place twice. We made it happen three times~.
Kasumi & Arisa & Rimi: Fufufufu.
Kasumi & Arisa & Rimi: ...
Arisa: Hold on. Isn't this a bit much?!
Kasumi & Rimi: Now that you mention it...!
Rimi: O-Tae-chan probably won't mind eating the same snacks, but~...
Kasumi: If she eats this much, she might get a cavity again...!
Arisa: They've all got short expiration dates too. She might force herself to eat them all...
Kasumi & Arisa & Rimi: ...
Rimi: ... Uh-oh.
Kasumi: What is it, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: You don't think Saya-chan went and got surprise snacks, too, do you...?
Arisa: Th-this is Saya we're talking about. It'll probably be bread as usual, not bunny snacks...
Kasumi: But Saya's kind of late today. Normally, she'd be here already.
Rimi: Could it be because she's swinging by a store...?
Kasumi & Arisa & Rimi: ...
Arisa: N-nah, of course not~. No way.
Rimi: R-right~.
Kasumi: Ahaha...


<If Poppin'Party Is There>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Main Street]

Kasumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san~! Hey~!
Marina: Hey, Kasumi-chan. Going out somewhere?
Kasumi: Sort of... I'm on my way to RiNG! Work!
Marina: Talk about perfect timing. We happen to be heading there too. For a meeting, in our case!
Marina: Since we'll be there, it might be fun to see you in action~.
Kasumi: You're both going to be watching me...?! I'll try to do extra well at work then!
Marina: Oh, by the way, we ran into Tae-chan the other day. There was a bit of a situation caused by her cavity, huh?
Kasumi: Well, O-Tae basically refused to go and have it treated because she was so afraid of the dentist~.
Marina: I never really took her to be the type to be scared of dentists, honestly.
Kasumi: Hmm... I knew where she was coming from, though, because I don't like dentists either.
Kasumi: That's why I wanted to help and encourage her all the more...
Kasumi: At the same time, though, I knew that being told to go to a place she was afraid of and didn't like had to be upsetting...
Kasumi: So when I thought about what was best for her, I ended up being unable to decide what to do.
Marina: Rimi-chan said you were the reason that Tae-chan decided to go in the end though.
Marina: Maybe the fact that you were able to see things from her side is what ultimately convinced her.
Kasumi: Y-you think...? It'd be nice if that were the case, ehehe...!
Kasumi: Oh, but it's not really right to say O-Tae found the courage to go to the dentist just because of me. It was a group effort!
Kasumi: Everyone tried to figure something out, and the concern they showed couldn't have been greater if they had been in O-Tae's place instead!
Marina: So it was a group effort, huh? That does sound like you girls.
Kasumi: No matter how scary something is, I feel like we can overcome it by coming together!
Marina: True. It's hard to find something more reassuring than friends that you know you can count on.
Marina: By the way, Kasumi-chan... is there anything that scares you so much that you'd need outside help?
Kasumi: Huh? Scares me...?
Kasumi: Um~, well~...
Kasumi: Gh-ghosts...?
Marina: Ahaha, that's so cute.
Kasumi: It's not funny, Marina-san~! Ghosts are really scary!
Marina: Sorry, sorry. You're right. They are pretty scary.
Kasumi: Exactly, but as long as I've got everyone, I won't let anything stop me, not even ghosts!
Kasumi: ... Probably, anyway.
