2051_Kasumi Toyama_R5 Toward Our New Future

Gacha phrase: ...Right now, I’m feeling super excited.

<Toward a Shining Future>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Here, I brought today’s snacks!
Kasumi: Wow! Look at all those choco coronets again! Rimi-rin, which one do you want!?
Rimi: Fufu, then I think I’ll go with this one.
Tae: I’ll take this one.
Kasumi: Come on, Arisa, pick your favorite before they’re all gone!
Arisa: ......
Kasumi: Arisa, what’s wrong? Oh, did you want this choco coronet?
Arisa: No, that’s not it...
Arisa: It just feels strange how everything’s back to normal, like yesterday didn’t even happen.
Saya: I get that feeling. Lately, all we’ve talked about was the Flower Bloom Rock Festival.
Rimi: It ended in the blink of an eye, and now it feels like a dream.
Kasumi: But it was like a dream come true! Right, O-Tae?
Tae: Yeah, but it wasn’t a dream. We’ve got proof, after all.
Arisa: Proof?
Tae: On my way to the basement today, someone I didn’t know stopped me. They said the Flower Bloom Rock Festival was a lot of fun.
Saya: A regular at the shop told me the same thing. Said they hope we do it again.
Rimi: I was walking through downtown, and someone came up to me too. I was embarrassed, but so happy~.
Kasumi: Me too! Me too!
Arisa: ...Geez, swallow before you talk.
Kasumi: But... munch munch...
Saya: Here, Kasumi, have some tea.
Kasumi: Thanks, Saya~... gulp gulp...
Arisa: Still... you really did a good job, Kasumi. Even though you’re always like this, you pulled off the Flower Bloom Rock Festival just fine.
Kasumi: ...Pwah! What do you mean “even though I’m always like this”!?
Saya: Fufu, it’s kinda amazing when you think about it. Kasumi’s ideas are always so big and out of the blue, and we’re like, “Can we even do this?” but...
Saya: We always pull it off somehow.
Rimi: Yeah. Since Kasumi-chan always gives it her all, it makes us want to try our best too.
Tae: Can’t let Kasumi outdo us, after all.
Kasumi: Ehehe~ don’t praise me too much~.
Arisa: Well, just stop springing these ideas on us out of nowhere, okay?
Kasumi: But the Flower Bloom Rock Festival only worked because of everyone! Poppin'Party, the other bands, the neighborhood association, and all the people who came to the fest!
Kasumi: It was a success thanks to everyone! It wouldn’t have worked if even one person had been missing.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...
Tae: Yeah, totally.
Saya: So, what did that person say to you earlier, Kasumi?
Kasumi: The Flower Bloom Rock Festival got such great reception that the guy from downtown and the section chief at city hall both said they’d love to see it happen again!
Arisa: Whoa, we could definitely feel the excitement, but hearing that really makes it hit home...
Kasumi: So of course I told them, “We’ll do it again!”
Saya & Rimi: Ehh~~!?
Arisa: You can’t just say “We’ll do it again!” That’s the kind of thing you’re supposed to keep vague...
Tae: Nice, let’s do it. Next month maybe?
Kasumi: Next month!?
Saya: Yeah no, next month’s a bit much...
Rimi: Preparations were super intense this time too.
Arisa: Come on, even the folks from downtown and city hall didn’t think we meant next month!
Kasumi: Wait, really!?
Tae: But if they do want us to do it again, shouldn’t we get started soon?
Kasumi: Exactly! So let’s file the park rental request again...
Arisa: Hold it! Don’t just start moving ahead with this~!
Arisa: Ugh, seriously!? Of all people, why’d you say that to someone who might actually go through with it~!?
Rimi: Still, even if next month’s not possible, I’d love to do something fun again someday. Something fun like the Flower Bloom Rock Festival.
Saya: We will. I’m sure Kasumi’s already got her next idea brewing.
Kasumi: Leave it to me! I already have one! Something that’ll get everyone sparkling, heart-pounding, and having fun!
Arisa: Y-You already have one...!?
Kasumi: Yup! Ah, I even wrote down a list of ideas in my notebook! Let’s see~...
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Sights I’ve Never Seen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Thank you very much~!
Marina: It feels like we've had more customers since the last festival... Oh, you thought so too?
Marina: Welcome... Oh, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Marina: Hello. What brings you here today? Reserving a practice slot?
Kasumi: Nope! I came to thank you properly for the Flower Bloom Rock Festival!
Kasumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you sooo much!
Marina: Fufu, no need to go out of your way. But actually, we were just talking about the Flower Bloom Rock Festival.
Kasumi: Wow, really!? Did you and the others enjoy it too?
Marina: Of course! I got to watch the stage and check out the food area too.
Kasumi: That's great to hear~! I had such an amazing time too!
Kasumi: There were families, older folks, all kinds of people there, and they were all having so much fun...
Kasumi: It really made me feel like music can make everyone’s hearts sparkle and bring them close together!
Marina: You’re the ones who made that happen, Kasumi-chan and all of Poppin'Party.
Marina: Watching you all work so hard made us here at CiRCLE feel like we can't fall behind either.
Marina: You feel the same way, right?
Kasumi: Wow, does that mean CiRCLE is planning some kind of new event too!?
Marina: Ahaha, we haven’t decided on anything specific yet. But we’re thinking it would be nice to do something.
Kasumi: I see...!
Kasumi: ...So that’s how it spreads...
Marina: Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Actually... during the festival, Mashiro-chan and LOCK said this event might be the start of something new.
Kasumi: And hearing you talk about a new event just reminded me of that!
Marina: Fufu, your sparkling, heart-pounding is spreading more and more to everyone.
Kasumi: That’s something really amazing, isn’t it!?
Kasumi: Everyone’s sparkling, heart-pounding feelings are connecting with people I don’t even know... and it’s growing bigger and bigger...!
Kasumi: Oh no...! I’m so excited for the future I don’t think I can stay still!!
Marina: Yeah yeah, just imagining it gets you all fired up, right?
Kasumi: Yes! And if there's ever a time when you need us for your event, we’ll be there in a flash!
Marina: Same goes for us. If it’s for you and your band, we’ll always come running too.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thank you so much!
Kasumi: Let’s keep spreading this sparkling, heart-pounding circle together from here on!
