2122_Kasumi Toyama_R4 Bright Start to the Year

Gacha phrase: Sounds great! I’ll cheer you on!

<Soaking in First Shrine Visit!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Hagumi: Kaa-kun! Over here, over here~~!
Kasumi: Hagu~~! Sorry to keep you waiting! Happy New Year!
Hagumi: Happy New Year~~!! Let’s make it another great one!
Kasumi: Same to you, let’s have an awesome year!
Hagumi: Ehehe. I’m really glad I could come to the shrine with you today~.
Hagumi: I’ve got something to help out with at home after this, so I can’t stay too long...
Kasumi: Oh yeah? What kind of thing do you have to help with?
Hagumi: Downtown's holding a New Year’s event during the first three days, and I’m helping out!
Hagumi: I’m in charge of delivering the croquettes my dad fries to the folks getting the event ready~!
Kasumi: Got it~. That’s an important mission.
Kasumi: I’ve got a family gathering to go to later too, so it’ll be a short visit—but let’s make the most of it!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Kasumi: Look at all the food stalls~! What should we eat!?
Hagumi: Hmm~~, everything looks so good~...! I can’t decide~...
Kasumi: How about we both say what we want to eat at the same time, and if it’s the same, that’s what we get?
Hagumi: Wait... just one thing?
Kasumi: Yup, just one!
Hagumi: Okay! Now what should I pick~...
Kasumi: I’ve gotta pick too... hmm...
Kasumi: ...Alright, I’ve got mine!
Hagumi: Me too!
Kasumi: Okay, let’s say it together! One, two...!
Kasumi & Hagumi: Mizuame! Anko mochi!
Hagumi: Whoa, Kaa-kun, mizuame is a great choice! I love the mandarin orange flavor!
Kasumi: It’s so good, right?♪ But I also really wanna eat anko mochi! It’s not New Year’s without mochi!
Hagumi: Hmm, they’re both so good, but we didn’t match. What should we do?
Kasumi: Okay, I’ve decided! I want both, so let’s just eat both!
Hagumi: !! That’s the best idea ever, Kaa-kun~~!!
Kasumi: Ehehe. There’s a mochi stall over there—let’s start with the anko mochi!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let’s eat, let’s eat!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Sigh~, that anko mochi was so good~.
Kasumi: The mochi was super chewy, and when I bit in, the sweet red bean flavor just spread in my mouth... it made me feel all warm and happy inside~.
Kasumi: And it’s all thanks to you picking anko mochi, Hagu~! Thanks!
Hagumi: Ehehe, no, thank you! The mizuame was reeeally sweet and yummy too!
Hagumi: And thanks to you winning rock-paper-scissors, we got a second mandarin mizuame!
Kasumi: Ehehe, getting lucky on New Year’s is a good sign, right?
Hagumi: Yup! I think this year’s gonna be full of happiness!
Kasumi: Alright then, let’s go make our shrine wishes now.
Hagumi: Yeah. What are you gonna wish for, Kaa-kun?
Kasumi: Hmm, let’s see~... I hope Poppin'Party has another fun year playing together as a band!
Kasumi: Also, I wanna get good grades on my tests, stay healthy, avoid getting hurt, and ...
Kasumi: I hope I can spend lots and lots of time playing with Hagu again this year!
Hagumi: Kaa-kun...! Ehehe, that makes me so happy~.
Hagumi: Then I’ll make that wish too! I’ll wish to play with Kaa-kun lots and lots again!
Kasumi: Yay~! If we both wish for it, we’re definitely gonna have tons of fun this year!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Kasumi: Alright, let’s get pumped and make our wishes~! C’mon Hagu, let’s go~!
Hagumi: Ah! Wait up, Kaa-kun~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Sparked by Inspiration!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Happy New Year~!
Marina: Ah, Happy New Year, Kasumi-chan. Did you have a reservation today? Just give me a sec.
Kasumi: Nope! I didn’t make one, but I just really wanted to play guitar!
Marina: Fufu, I see. The studio in the back is free, so feel free to use it. We’re still tidying up, so it’ll be a few more minutes.
Kasumi: Yay, awesome~♪
Marina: You’re really full of energy today. Is it because it’s the New Year?
Kasumi: That’s part of it, but mostly I’ve just been itching to do something...!
Marina: ? Did something happen?
Kasumi: Actually, on New Year’s I bumped into Saya and Rinko-senpai at the shrine.
Kasumi: Saya was really pumped about entering a photo of Rinko-senpai—she used her as the model!
Marina: Oh, yeah—I heard about that too. That photo’s on display at the photo shop in the shopping district, right?
Marina: I was really impressed—Saya-chan’s amazing.
Kasumi: Right?! And seeing Saya doing something she really wanted to do, she looked so sparkly!
Kasumi: It reminded me of when Rimi-rin made that horror movie for a contest—she was sparkling so brightly then too...
Marina: So Kasumi-chan, they inspired you, huh?
Kasumi: Yup! Just thinking about the two of them got me all excited—I couldn’t sit still, so I rushed over to CiRCLE!
Marina: Fufu, sounds like you’re overflowing with energy.
Marina: This might be the perfect time to try something new. It is the start of a new year, after all.
Kasumi: Wow, that does sound good! Hmm... but what should I do? This is tough~.
Marina: Maybe something you can do with friends would be easier to get into. Like photography or something.
Kasumi: Photography, huh~... Maybe I’ll stop by and ask Saya for tips on the way home from CiRCLE. Oh! Bonsai could be fun too!
Kasumi: But if I’m trying something, I’d want it to be something all of Poppin'Party could do together!
Marina: Something all of Popipa could do together, huh...
Kasumi: Hmm~~...
Kasumi: ...Band?
Marina: You’re already doing that.
Kasumi: Ehehe, true!
Marina: Fufu. It might be fun to look for something new with everyone.
Kasumi: Totally! I’ll talk to them about it next time!
Marina: ...Oh, looks like they’ve finished cleaning up the back studio. Thanks for waiting, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Thank you so much!
Kasumi: Oh right—Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Let’s have an amazing year together!
Marina: Same to you, Kasumi-chan. Looking forward to it.
