2303_Kasumi Toyama_R4 The Most Special Present!

Gacha phrase: Then I'll go first!

<For the Greatest Party Ever>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Kasumi: Waa~!! Look, look! There are sooo many balloons!
Kasumi: Party supplies are so exciting, no matter how many times I come here!
Arisa: Don't make such a racket in the store. Honestly, you're like a kid right before Christmas.
Tae: But I get it. It kinda puts you in a fun mood.
Kasumi: Right, right?! It feels like parties start during the prep, too!
Saya: Let's make it a fun party that Rimi-rin will love.
Saya: So, what kind of decorations are we going with this time?
Kasumi: I wanna put up lots and lots of balloons~!
Tae: I'm in. Sparkly lights and garlands would be nice too.
Saya: Yeah, that sounds like it'd turn out really cute.
Tae: Once we decorate the basement, no one can beat us.
Arisa: Only the basement, huh.
Saya: Ahaha. But you're not wrong... When it comes to decorating Arisa's basement, we might be pro-level by now.
Arisa: True... Oh, they've got aromatherapy too. Wouldn't something like this be good?
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! Having a nice smell would be great! I wonder what kinds they have~
Tae: How about this one? Chocolate aroma.
Saya: Huh, they make stuff like that? I thought it was only flower or fruit scents.
Kasumi: Arisa~, wouldn't this make Rimi-rin happy?
Arisa: I dunno about making the whole basement smell like chocolate... Though, if it's Rimi, she'd probably love it...
Kasumi: All right, aroma decided!
Kasumi: Oh, right! What about a message board?!
Tae: A message board?
Kasumi: Yeah! If we all write messages for Rimi-rin, I think it'll really get our feelings across!
Arisa: If it's a size we can carry into the basement, sure.
Saya: Oh, then how about writing messages on a garland and decorating with it?
Saya: That way it's easy to carry, and it's cute as a decoration, too.
Tae: That's a great idea.
Arisa: Rimi can take it home easily afterward, too. Might be perfect.
Kasumi: I'm in favor, too!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Balloons~ and aroma~ and garlands and party poppers~...
Kasumi: Yeah, perfect! Now let's also use some of the stuff we've used at past basement shows!
Tae: I'm glad we found such a cute garland.
Saya: I was kinda surprised there were bun-shaped balloons, too~
Saya: Okay, then... let's all take it home for now and think about what to do for a present.
Arisa: When Kasumi suddenly suggested throwing a party, I was worried we wouldn't make it in time... but it looks like it's coming together.
Kasumi: Ehehe, sorry for springing it on you~!
Arisa: You springing things on us is the same as always.
Kasumi: Tehehe...
Saya: This time, too, once you decided to do it, you called us right away. You went at it with so much energy.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin didn't seem like herself, so I wanted to do something.
Kasumi: I kept thinking, "What can I do?" and then... I couldn't sit still anymore.
Saya: Fufu, I get how you feel. She's been working so hard, you just want to help out, you know?
Kasumi: Yeah. I did think about talking to her directly, but...
Kasumi: More than that, I want all of Poppin'Party to have tons of fun together, and make it a day that makes Rimi-rin's heart sparkle again and again.
Kasumi: I just want her to smile with us first.
Tae: Me too. I wanna help Rimi in a way that feels like us.
Arisa: Yeah.
Saya: Right. I hope we can give her a little push with fun memories.
Saya: And I think it'll be a special time for us, too.
Kasumi: Totally! Let's make it the best surprise party ever, one we can all enjoy!
All: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Song Right By Your Side>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hi, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Whoa, that's a ton of stuff! Were you out shopping?
Marina: Yeah, we were running pretty low on supplies. Were you out too, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Yup! I went to check out party goods today!
Marina: Party goods...? Fufu, do you have a party coming up?
Kasumi: The party's already over! Actually, the other day, we threw Rimi-rin a surprise party!
Kasumi: When we went looking for decorations, there were so many different things, it got me all excited!
Kasumi: So today, even though I didn't have any real plans, I still went to go look at the goods!
Marina: I see. It's fun just browsing that kind of stuff, too.
Kasumi: Exactly! At the party, we put up a balloon shaped like a bun, and Rimi-rin was so happy!
Marina: They have stuff like that?! Oh yeah, and at that party, I heard everyone gave her a song as a present?
Kasumi: That's right! It's super sparkling, heart-pounding... like, the most special song ever!
Marina: If I remember right, Tae-chan wrote the lyrics, didn't she?
Kasumi: She did! O-Tae said she wanted to do it herself, and it turned into a song packed with her feelings, all squeezed in tight~!
Marina: Rimi-chan was talking about it like she was really happy. She said she could feel how everyone meant it.
Kasumi: So that's how it was...! Hehe, I'm so glad.
Kasumi: I actually wanted to surprise Rimi-rin and play it without telling her, but she said she wanted to perform with us too...
Kasumi: Thanks to that, I think it turned into an even more~ fun memory!
Marina: fufu, that's wonderful. I'm sure the whole memory ended up being a gift that made her happy, too.
Kasumi: Hehe. Someday, if Rimi-rin gets down or starts feeling lonely while she's studying abroad, I hope she listens to that song and feels better!
Kasumi: We put everything we had into it, with O-Tae's lyrics and our performance, to say, "You're not alone," and "We'll always be together."
Marina: fufu, I'm sure it came across to Rimi-chan loud and clear.
Kasumi: Yeah! I think so too!
Kasumi: ...Ah, sorry! You were carrying all those bags, and I got you stuck talking!
Marina: No, don't worry about it! Thanks for telling me something so important.
Kasumi: Hehe, thank you! See you later~!
