event191-02 Chapter 1: Seaside Coincidence

Himari gets her wish. As the girls are having fun, they spot something...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Beach]

Himari: We're at the beach~!
Moca: Yodel-ay-hee-hoo~.
Ran: You say that in the mountains.
Tsugumi: Summer vacation hasn't started yet, so there are fewer people than I expected. This should be a nice day!
Tomoe: Hey, did you get a load of that beach hut earlier? They were serving some seriously high-quality ramen. Way better than your average beach hut.
Moca: Tomo-chin stays the same wherever she goes.
Tsugumi: Fufu, we can all take a look at the beach hut later.
Himari: Uh-huh! Let's do that! Hey, look! They're selling fireworks over there! Can we get some~? Nothing screams summer like fireworks...
Ran: Request denied. How long are you planning on staying here, anyway?
Himari: I knew it... I knew you'd refuse...
Ran: In any case, shouldn't we discuss this stuff after finding a place to sit?
Tomoe: Oh, there's an open spot over here. It's a sweet spot with parasols and everything!
Tomoe: Alright... Guys, drop your bags, and let's jump into the ocean!
Himari: Wait! Before we dive in... Ta-dah! Check this out~! Chisato-san recommended me this super-strong sunscreen to use today!
Himari: It's waterproof, so it won't come off when we're swimming.
Himari: Put your bags down and line up in front of me! I'll rub some onto all of your backs♪
Tsugumi: Thanks, Himari-chan. I'm ready... Th-that tickles~.
Himari: If you don't slather it on now, you'll regret it later... All done, Tsugu. You're next, Tomoe~! Apply it to your face by yourself, okay~...? Hold out your hand.
Tomoe: Huh?! Himari~, don't you think this is a bit too much?
Himari: Is it?
Tsugumi: It says you only need a pearl-sized amount for your face...
Tomoe: Pearls aren't this huge. This is more like a ping-pong ball.
Himari: It's fine! There's no harm in wearing extra! Go ahead and rub it in.
Tomoe: ... Like this?
Moca: Ahahaha. Tomo-chin, your face is as white as a kabuki actor~.
Tomoe: I told you it was too much!
Ran, Himari, Tsugumi & Moca: Ahahahaha.
(Black cut)
Himari: Ahaha~! It's cold!
Tsugumi: It feels great, doesn't it?
Tomoe: Perfect weather for a day at the beach!
Moca: Get ready, Ran~... Take that.
Ran: Ugh, stop it! If that's how it's gonna be, Moca... Then right back at you!
Tomoe: Whoa! That looks fun! Lemme get in on this!
Himari: T-Tomoe~! You splashed water all over my face! Ohh~, it tastes salty~.
Tomoe: Ahahaha! There's more where that came from~! Soi, soi, soi, soi, soi, soi-ya~!
Himari: S-stop it, Tomoe! That's too intense! Time out, time out...!
(Black cut)
Lisa: It's a good thing our work finished early! Bringing my swimsuit just in case was the right call~☆
Rinko: We planned to come... only if we had the time... So to have this much flexibility is a nice surprise.
Ako: Woohoo! Let's go all out today~!
Sayo: Udagawa-san, be careful not to get too carried away.
Yukina: I cannot believe we're really here...
Lisa: Yukina~, just accept it already. You're the one who said we could come here if our meeting finished early.
Yukina: Yes, but... I was not expecting it to finish this early.
Lisa: That just means it went smoothly. So what's the problem?
Yukina: I don't want to go into the ocean, that's all.
Lisa: C'mon, don't say that~. You brought your swimsuit, right?
Yukina: I did. You would not stop nagging me, so...
Lisa: Ahaha, then it's fine♪ Ahh~, the sea breeze feels so nice~. We've been cooped up in the studio lately, so I'm loving this sense of freedom☆
Sayo: That's true. Not to mention, it isn't as crowded as I'd feared... Oh? Isn't that...
Ako: Huh? What is it, Sayo-san?
Sayo: Over there by the water's edge. Isn't that-
Ako: Ahhh! It's Sis and the others!
Rinko: It's the Afterglow members... What a coincidence... running into them in a place like this...
Lisa: Y-you're right! Hey, Ran~! Moca~!
Ran: Huh? Did you hear something?
Ako: Guys~! Yoo-hoo!
Himari: Huh~?! What are you guys doing here?!
Ako: We had a meeting at a live house nearby! It finished early, so we came to hang out at the beach!
Moca: Whoa~, talk about a twist of fate.
Tsugumi: Fufufu, yes, a coincidence like this feels like something straight out of a movie!
Tomoe: Totally! Never expected to see Roselia at the beach!
Himari: I know, right...♪ Hey, since we're all here, why don't we spend the day together?
Lisa: Ohh~, great idea, Himari! You took the words right outta my mouth~! I was just about to suggest the same thing! What do you guys think?
Yukina: I don't mind, but... How do you feel, Mitake-san?
Ran: F-fine by me.
Lisa: Alright! Then it's a deal☆ Miracles like this don't happen every day! Let's make the most of it~☆
Himari & Ako: Yeah!
