event191-01 Opening: A Summer Tradition

The scorching sun. Himari invites everyone to go to the beach, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Residential Area]

Moca: It's sooo hottt~.
Ran: Do you have to keep saying that? You're making it worse.
Tsugumi: We're almost at CiRCLE, so hang in there!
Moca: Despite everyone's encouragement, my fate was to melt away... The end.
Tomoe: Moca~, don't you dare melt~!
Ran: Guys, you're stifling me here. Quit it already.
Tsugumi: I saw on the news this morning that it's forecast to get even hotter. Anything hotter than this will be tough to bear...
Himari: ...! Times like these call for... the beach! We absolutely have to go to the beach~!
Moca: There is it. Hii-chan's invitation to take a dip in the ocean~.
Tomoe: Hahaha. You know summer's begun when Himari starts inviting us to the beach!
Moca: It's that time of the year already, huh~?
Himari: Hey! Stop referring to it like it's some seasonal tradition~!
Ran: Pass. I think I've said this before, but beach trips aren't my thing.
Himari: You're always so quick to say no. Help me persuade her, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Fufufu, okay. We're about to arrive at CiRCLE, though, so how about we continue this conversation during our practice break?
Moca: Will Hii-chan be granted her wish to go to the beach~? What does destiny have in store...?
Himari: Gosh~! I'll convince you. Just you wait and see!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Himari: Back to our conversation about the beach from earlier...
Moca: You were thinking about that all throughout practice, weren't you, Hii-chan?
Himari: I was focused on practicing, thank you very much~!
Tsugumi: Now, now... Let's listen to what Himari-chan has to say.
Himari: You're my only ally, Tsugu~!
Himari: Anyway, when it's this hot every day, isn't it normal to wanna pour water over yourself or play around in it~?
Himari: That's where the beach comes in! It'll make all your desires come true! The slick sprays of water! The dazzling summer sun! Riding a float while gazing at the horizon!
Himari: ... You're starting to get the urge to go to the beach! Right?!
Ran: Nope.
Himari: Whaaat~?
Moca: I don't really fancy sitting under the dazzling summer sun~.
Moca: On hot days, it's better to sit quietly inside an air-conditioned room.
Himari: But it's summertime! It's our chance to enjoy the hot weather!
Himari: Besides, all we've got planned this summer are band practice and concerts! Is that really all there is to being a high school girl? That's just sad!
Moca: What does this have to do with being a high school girl~?
Moca: ... Huh? Sorry, I'm getting a phone call. I'll be right back~.
Himari: Gosh, Moca, you always do everything at your own pace~. Tsugu~, back me up here~!
Tsugumi: I... don't think it's a sad life for a high school girl...
Tsugumi: However, I do want to go to the beach with you all. We couldn't join the last time you invited us.
Tomoe: Yeah, I'm down. I wanna see the sunset with everyone again.
Himari: Tsugu~, Tomoe~! So I can count you two in. Now all I need is for you guys to say yes, Ran, Moca...
Ran: I'm not going.
Himari: Why not~?!
Moca: I'm back~. So? Did Hii-chan manage to persuade you guys~?
Tomoe: Nah, Ran's a tough nut to crack.
Ran: If you wanna go that badly, just go without me and Moca.
Himari: Then there's no point! I want us all to go together-
Moca: If you're that insistent...
Himari: ... Huh?
Moca: Looks like I've got no choice. Guess I'll join you at the beach-.
Ran, Tsugumi, Himari & Tomoe: Whaaat?!
Himari: A-are you serious? This is the beach we're talking about! The beach! With the dazzling summer sun!
Moca: I know, I know. Oh? Did you want me to turn down your invitation instead?
Himari: O-of course not!
Moca: In that case, count me in~.
Tsugumi: That's one down... What about you, Ran-chan?
Ran: I...
Moca: ... Hey, Ran. This summer of ours, it only exists right now.
Moca: When our summer as second-years comes to an end, there won't be another one like it.
Himari: Moca...! What an insightful thing to say! That's it! That's exactly what I was trying to tell you all!
Tomoe: What's gotten into you, Moca? You're like a different person all of a sudden...
Moca: Not at all~... I was simply moved by the passionate cries of Hii-chan's soul.
Himari: Moca~, thank you~! Now we're just waiting on you, Ran! Give in, already!
Ran: Sigh~... Fine. If you really want me to go that badly.
Himari: Yippee! Then it's decided! Let's decide on a date that suits us all later!
Himari: When we reach the beach, first, we need to change into cute swimsuits. Then we'll build sandcastles, play in the water, and take lots of cute pictures! After that...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, that's one big to-do list.
Himari: Sure is~! I wanna eat a ton of yummy food at a beach hut, too~! And finally, at the end of the day, I wanna shout at the sunset together!
Tomoe: Haha, they did that in a television series, recently, right?
Ran: Okay, that's enough about the beach. Let's continue practicing...
