event191-05 Chapter 4: Seaside Barbecue

Everyone is enjoying the BBQ, but Ran is bothered by something...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Beach]

Lisa: Okay, everyone~, lunch is served!
All: Let's dig in!
Lisa: We've got a ton of meat, so eat up~☆
Sayo: Let me know if anybody requires more plates. There are extra over here.
Ako: Look, look, Rin-rin! There's a mountain of seafood too! Shrimp, scallops, and turban shells! I'm really feeling the beach vibes!
Rinko: Having a barbecue under the bright blue sky like this... is so picturesque...
Moca: If you want a drink, they're handing them out at the counter over there~.
Tsugumi: Hey, Himari-chan! You can even make your own soft-serve ice cream! Let's try it later.
Himari: Wow, and there are unlimited toppings...! What the? Is this some kind of dream world?
Yukina: Excuse me. Those bell peppers are going to burn if you keep cooking them...
Tsugumi: Ah, would you like me to get them for you?
Yukina: No... That is not what I meant...
Lisa: Ahaha, Yukina hates bell peppers~.
Yukina: Lisa...
Ran: Really? You don't like bell peppers, Minato-san? That's kind of... childish.
Yukina: I-I do not dislike them. I would just never choose to eat them, that's all.
Ran: That's called not liking them...
Tomoe: Huh? But you can't stand green peas, right, Ran?
Ran: H-hey, Tomoe! You don't need to share that.
All: Ahahahaha.
Himari: Still, we're so lucky~. I can't believe we got in without a reservation!
Lisa: I know, right?! There just happened to be a cancellation, so they had space for us...
Lisa: We were so surprised. Weren't we, Moca?
Moca: We're on a lucky streak~.
Ran: Enough of that. I think we've all figured it out.
Moca: Huh? What... are you talking about~?
Ran: You can stop pretending this is all one big coincidence.
Moca: Oh~? I haven't the faintest idea what you mean~.
Ran: You planned this all out with Lisa-san from the start, didn't you?
Moca: Ohh... Interesting... Would you like to chime in, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Aha, hahaha... Was it that obvious?
Ran: Of course it was. There's no way there'd be this many coincidences in a row.
Ran: We just happened to bump into Roselia at the beach, and there happened to be a barbecue facility there where ten people cancelled their booking... Does that sound possible?
Lisa: I guess not... Well, it sounds like the jig is up. The truth is, Moca agreed to help me plan this entire day.
Sayo: I knew it... I suspected the same thing. Hazawa-san and I were discussing it when building the castle earlier.
Tsugumi: When Sayo-san suggested it, I didn't believe it at first. But once I thought about it, it did explain a lot...
Ran: You two are really bad at keeping secrets. You kept chalking everything up to luck and coincidence, fufufu...
Lisa: What~? I thought we hid it pretty well~. Ako and Tomoe were in on it too, you know.
Rinko: Ako-chan... Is that true...?.
Ako: Uh-huh~! I didn't know all the details, but it was still super hard keeping it a secret from you guys~!
Tomoe: Yeah, I was nervous I'd accidentally let it slip~.
Lisa: My bad~. But if I didn't let you both in on the plan, you might've talked about it at home and worked it out.
Himari: Umm~, I have a question~... What's going on? I don't understand what's happening.
Ran: The point is Moca and Lisa-san arranged for Afterglow and Roselia to meet at the beach today.
Himari: What~?!
Ran: I mean, you're the only one who hasn't worked it out already. We're all aware of it.
Himari: Huh? Really?! All of you?! You're kidding right?!
Yukina: ... Could you explain it one more time?
Ran: Ah... Maybe not all of us.
(Black cut)
Moca: ... And so, Lisa-san and I came up with this game plan~. And we all lived happily ever after~.
Himari: Ohh~, so that's what happened~. And to think I was happy because I thought you'd grown to love the beach~.
Yukina: I finally understand... That explains why you were acting a little strange, Lisa.
Lisa: Huh? Was I acting weird?
Yukina: Yes. I got the impression you were a little lost in your thoughts.
Lisa: Really...? I didn't even realize...
Sayo: But why did you go to such great lengths? You could have just told us all directly...
Lisa: Well, if I suggested that Afterglow and Roselia go to the beach together, Yukina and Ran probably wouldn't have agreed to come, right?
Ran & Yukina: Well...
Lisa: I really, really, really wanted to make special memories with you all...
Lisa: After all, it's our last summer as high schoolers...
Yukina: Our last... summer.
Lisa: Next year, Yukina, Sayo, Rinko, and I won't be in high school anymore.
Lisa: I suddenly felt sad when I thought about how we'll never have this time as high school students ever again.
Lisa: So I got Moca to help me arrange this group trip...
Lisa: I wanted to create an extra special memory of our last summer as high schoolers.
Ran & Yukina: Lisa... Lisa-san...
Himari, Tomoe, Tsugumi, Sayo, Ako & Rinko: ...
Lisa: ... Oh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to be a downer! Forget everything I just said! Let's enjoy the barbecue, guys!
Moca: Sounds good to me~. Let's stuff our faces~. Bring on the meat.
