event127-06 Chapter 5: Simple and Pure

Roselia looks back on their time at Future World Fes. What did they all feel that day...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Childhood]

[Park]

Yukina: What song do you want to sing next?
Lisa: Umm, a long song!
Yukina: Are you sure?
Lisa: Yeah! That way I'll be able to hear you sing more!
Yukina: Okay! Then I'll sing a whole bunch!
Yukina's Dad: Haha, you two sure have a lot of energy.
Yukina: That's because I love singing, and I get to do a lot of it! I'm so happy.
Lisa: And I love Yukina-chan's singing! It just makes me smile!
Yukina's Dad: ... Yes, being able to do something you enjoy is a wonderful thing.
Yukina: Yeah, it really is!
Yukina: Did you know happiness feels warm?
Lisa: It does? Wow!
Yukina: Yeah. And when I feel warm, I can sing even better!
Yukina: Do you think I can sing like you, Daddy?
Yukina's Dad: Of course. Do you remember what I said? You can go as far as you want as long as you love music and singing.
Yukina: Oh yeah. I remember.
Yukina: ... I love music so much!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Present Day]

[Restaurant]

Lisa: ... Ahaha, now that brings back memories~!
Lisa: But you're right... That was why you were able to smile like you used at the fes, wasn't it?
Yukina: ... What about you, Lisa? No... What about the rest of you? I want to hear what all of you felt that day.
Lisa: Me? Hmm, what I felt on stage, huh~? I remember thinking the moment was both over in a flash and lasted forever.
Lisa: Probably because I had a lot of fun... I wanted to continue sharing that same view with you guys...
Lisa: I might've also wanted to remember every last second up there.
Ako: Yeah! I had fun too~! I think I was smiling the whole time!
Ako: It felt like the whole audience responded to my drumming and was only thinking of us!
Ako: I wanted to shout, "These are the people I love! This is Roselia!"
Rinko: Fufu... I think I understand... what you mean...
Rinko: My time on that stage was precious to me... because I love Roselia's music...
Rinko: I didn't want to betray something I cared for deeply... That's why I gave every note I played my full attention...
Sayo: ... The intensity I felt was mixed with an even stronger sense of pride than usual.
Sayo: But that pride was only possible because of all of my experiences and this band.
Sayo: I was so glad I decided to play the guitar with Roselia.
Yukina: ... Fufu.
Lisa: Hm? What was that for?
Yukina: It's just that all of you have been basically saying the same thing.
Sayo: ... We would not have been able to stand with you on that stage otherwise.
Rinko: Roselia is Roselia... because of all five of us.
Ako: Yeah! You said the same thing too, Yukina-san!
Yukina: I didn't say it was a bad thing.
Ako: Yeah, but still~!
Lisa: Ahaha! ... Looks like we've figured it out, huh?
Sayo: Yes... Since we all feel the same way, this must be the answer.
Rinko: It's so simple... but also so easy to forget...
Ako: I've never forgotten! And I won't ever forget either!
Yukina: I... had drifted away from this feeling until we performed at the fes.
Yukina: But being on that stage with all of you helped me remember once again...
Yukina: This pure and simple feeling shared by everyone who loves music...
Yukina: It will surely show us the way to go even higher.
All: ...!
Yukina: ... Anyway, we don't have much time until the concert. Our music is at the professional level...
Yukina: So together with this precious intensity, we will leave our mark.
