event127-01 Opening: Those Close to the Top

Despite getting an invitation from a music agency, Yukina's response is not what they want to hear...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Yukina: ... I'm sorry. We cannot accept your offer.
Music Agent: B-but why...? Our agency will be able to help Roselia succeed as a pro-
Yukina: That's not it. We're not refusing because of any issues with your agency.
Yukina: It's just... We haven't decided what we'd like to do going forward. No, it would be more accurate to say we've been unable to decide...
Yukina: We want to choose our own path. That is why we must refuse... We're sorry.
Music Agent: I see... I understand. Thank you very much for your time. If you'll excuse me.
Lisa: ... Yukina~! Thanks for taking care of that!
Ako: I was a bit worried when the time came for you to give your answer...
Yukina: Why? We talked about this beforehand, so you knew I wouldn't accept, didn't you?
Ako: I know, but still~...
Rinko: We've been receiving... so many offers... lately...
Sayo: Yes, this has been our second one this week alone... Many agencies have been scouting us ever since Future World Fes.
Ako: Do you think it's because of how good we did?
Sayo: Most likely. It felt like our best performance yet, and it seems we were not the only ones who thought so.
Ako: Yay~! That means we're as cool as a professional band, right?
Lisa: Well, one thing's for sure; people think we are~☆
Lisa: I feel kinda bad for saying no all the time, though.
Yukina: ... We need to walk the path that will take us higher, and I'm not sure becoming professionals is that path.
Yukina: We took a giant step forward at the fes, but that's why we must choose our next step carefully.
Rinko: Yes... There is no need... to rush... But this does... make me wonder...
Rinko: What does it mean... to be a professional...?
Lisa: Uhh~... That'd be someone that belongs to an agency and does lots of shows at big venues and stuff...?
Ako: Hmm... Maybe they're someone that's always thinking about music?
Ako: Like, "I don't have time to sleep, I'm gonna practice all night~!" ... Or something like that!
Sayo: ...? Isn't that normal?
Yukina: Yes... Dedicating everything to climbing ever higher is perfectly normal.
Lisa: Well, they're called professionals, so I'm sure they practice a lot more than us.
Rinko: There's a reason... they're closer... to the top...
Ako: Oh~. Guess that makes sense 'cause pros give amazing performances.
Ako: I've been checking out videos online, and I found tons of cool pros!
Ako: Like this person!
Rinko: Is this a concert... from Future World Fes...?
Sayo: It looks like one of the musicians who was invited to the fes, not someone like us who had to compete to participate.
Sayo: I believe she is Mira-san...
Yukina: She signed up under her own name... It looks like she's a solo musician.
Lisa: Huh~... Hm? I think I know this song. I've heard it playing at work!
Rinko: I think she performs... all over the country...
Lisa: Ah, so she's the real deal, huh?
Ako: Yeah! I've even seen her on TV! The way she plays the guitar and sings is so cool~!
Sayo: I can see that... Her performance is incredible.
Sayo: There is something that draws you in... Some kind of intensity... That is what I feel from her performance.
Yukina: Yes. It feels like the intensity we felt at the fes...
Lisa: Intensity, huh...? Y'know, that feeling really was something special.
Rinko: Yes... It helped us take our performance... to the next level... I had never felt... something like that... before...
Sayo: That intensity we felt on that stage showed us a glimpse of the way to the top.
Sayo: I am certain it is something we saw only because of our unflinching dedication to music.
Ako: I think so too! I just know it's something we shouldn't ever forget!
Yukina: ... I also believe that intensity will lead us to greater heights...
Yukina: If professional musicians are truly closer to the top than us...
Yukina: Then she... no, not just her, but all professionals... might know what that intensity is.
Lisa: ... Well, as Rinko said, it's not like we need to rush or anything. Let's take our time looking for the path that's right for us!
Lisa: And before we can do that, we still have today's practice to work on!
Rinko: You're right... We need to practice... so that... that intensity... becomes ours...
Ako: Yeah! The flames of hell... shall be mine!
Yukina: ...
Sayo: Minato-san? It is almost time. Let's go to the studio.
Yukina: ... You're right, we should get going.
Yukina: (The world of professionals... The place where my father used to belong.)
Yukina: (I never thought about it... No, I tried not to think about it.)
Yukina: (But I'm not like I used to be. I'm singing for my own sake now.)
Yukina: (Maybe now... Maybe now that I've started walking on my own two feet as Yukina Minato, I can face it...)
