event61-03 Chapter 2: A Deep Sigh

The girls start working on a song, but it's proving difficult. Rimi, stuck in a creative slump, lets out a deep sigh.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Sigh~. It's no use~. I can't think of a single good idea~.
Rimi: Writing a song that lends itself to a fun-filled walk through the downtown area sounds simple enough, but it's actually surprisingly tough... Now what am I going to do~...?
Rimi: Maybe I'll find a helpful hint or two in that book I bought... Hmmm, I think it was on that one page...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Rimi: (Even looking through that book didn't help me come up with anything...)
Rimi: ... Sigh~.
Rimi: (Moaning and groaning won't get me anywhere... And I'm still at a complete loss as to where to begin...)
Rimi: It wouldn't hurt to listen to some songs that I like to help unwind. Pretty sure I have some tracks from Glitter*Green on my phone...
Rimi: (Sis and her band probably wouldn't have an ounce of trouble composing some sort of masterpiece...)
Rimi: (Then again, maybe that's not true...?)
Rimi: Ohhh~...
Rimi: (What would Sis do in a situation like this...?)
Rimi: (What would Sis do...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Hahaha! O-Tae, that's a good one! We definitely have to add that to the lyrics!
Tae: How about you, Arisa? What do you like about downtown?
Arisa: Me~? I've never really given it much thought.
Kasumi: Aw~. Well, this is your chance. Come on, writing lyrics is really fun!
Kasumi: Help us think~.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan seems to be making good progress on her lyrics...
Rimi: Sigh~...
Saya: Rimi-rin... That... was a pretty big sigh...
Rimi: Y-you heard that?
Saya: In a slump?
Rimi: Y-yeah... I think so, anyway...
Saya: Anything I can do to help? If so, don't hesitate to ask, okay?
Rimi: Thank you, Saya-chan. Just hearing that is very reassuring.
Saya: There's no deadline breathing down our necks this time, so I say we take it slow without worrying too much. No sense in getting flustered, right?
Rimi: Y-yeah. You're right!
Kasumi: Hey~! Saya, Rimi-rin! O-Tae, Arisa and I talked it over. We're heading downtown! Come on!
Tae: Kasumi said she wanted to try finding some other inspiration for the song.
Kasumi: Taking in the atmosphere there would do us good, I say. It'd help give shape to the song's image.
Rimi: Oh, I'd like to join! Saya-chan, let's go!
Saya: Hahaha... I guess for me, it wouldn't just be "going," it'd be "going home," huh?
Rimi: Good point... Fufufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Ahhh, downtown really is the best~! Oh, it's the bookstore lady!  Hello~!
Kasumi: Hm? Are those croquettes from Hagu's house that I smell? Maybe they're about to put out a fresh batch. I'm gonna go take a look~!
Arisa: ... There she goes. And we just got here...
Rimi: Kasumi-chan knows so many people around here. She made sure to greet all of the shopkeepers.
Saya: I'd say that's a talent of hers.
Arisa: Every trip here with Kasumi ends up like this. And because of her, I'm always being greeted by everyone...
Arisa: Ugh, what a pain~.
Tae: You look plenty happy to me, Arisa.
Arisa: Can it!
Rimi: That's how things wind up when going out with Kasumi-chan. She strikes up a conversation with whoever catches her eye. It's like she has the time of her life just by being here.
Saya: I can definitely see that. And we have her to thank for Arisa becoming the target of everyone's greetings, don't we?
Arisa: I think you mean "blame"...
Kasumi: Listen up, everyone~! Hagu's dad said he'll let us try their newest croquette! We'd better hurry!
Tae: Right behind you!
Arisa: K-Kasumi...! Don't yank my arm off!
Rimi: (Kasumi-chan is able to find so many exciting things here... But I...)
Rimi: (And the song I wrote yesterday ended up sounding like a  Glitter*Green track...)
Rimi: (I feel like I've somehow forgotten... what a Poppin'Party song should be like...)
Rimi: Sigh~...
Saya: Aren't you coming, Rimi-rin? Maybe a yummy croquette will do the trick... Yeah?
Rimi: Y-yeah...
