event61-06 Chapter 5: Song for Me

A ray of light shines through Rimi's worries. The type of song she should be making is...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Mmm, I knew downtown would be amazing in the evening! Check it out, the bread at Saya's place is on sale!
Saya: Yep, because it's about time to close up shop.
Man: Hey, Saya-chan. Came with all your friends today, did you?
Kasumi: Oh! Good evening, sir!
Man: Hahaha, as lively as ever I see~. I'm already starting to feel that young energy. By the way, I wanted to talk to you about the downtown song...
Rimi: U-uhm, actually...! About that...
(Black cut)
Rimi: I am so very sorry...! I begged you to let me compose it, and here I am with nothing to show.
Man: No, I should apologize for making you feel like it was such a big responsibility. Please know, I don't expect hordes of people to flock to the district simply because we wrote a song about it.
Man: So no need to think so hard about it, okay? The most important thing is that we continue with our efforts. If we do, I'm sure the downtown area will grow slowly but surely.
Rimi: (Grow... slowly but surely...?)
Rimi: ...?! T-that's it...!!!
Kasumi: Wh-what is, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: I think I finally found what I was looking for!!
Arisa: And... what might that be?
Rimi: The theme! The one I want to use for the song!
Saya: I-it came to you?!
Rimi: Yeah! Hopefully, I can piece everything together now!
Tae: That's wonderful, Rimi! Congrats! It'll be a big hit, no doubt!
Arisa: Let's not get ahead of ourselves, okay? Better yet, stop putting so much pressure on her!
Saya: Fufufu, Arisa isn't wrong. But I for one... am expecting the absolute best from you.
Arisa: W-well, yeah. So am I, obviously...
Rimi: No problem! I want that level of expectation!
Rimi: (What I actually need to make is...)
Rimi: (A rally song aimed at myself...!!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Kasumi-chan? I'd like to add one more note here, but would that interfere with the lyrics?
Kasumi: In that spot, huh...? Let's have a look-see~.
Rimi: Without that one note, it won't feel complete. It's rude of me to ask this of you, but if the lyrics wind up being out of synch, could you possibly revise them?
Kasumi: Not a problem~! I'll think it over!
Rimi: Uhm, do you have a minute, O-Tae-chan? It's about this chord here. I was considering changing it to G7, but... what do you think?
Tae: I think that could work... Here, I'll try playing it. Ready when you are.
Rimi: Okay, go for it.
Saya: There it is~. Rimi-rin's picky side...
Arisa: I believe "stubborn as a mule" is more accurate.
Saya: Makes you wonder if that's also a gift from Yuri-senpai, right?
Arisa: Huh? Yuri-senpai? Why exactly are you bringing her up?
Saya: Fufufu. That would be~... a secret.
Arisa: Saya, you jerk! Now I'm all interested!
Saya: Oops, almost forgot! Rimi-rin, I brought some chocolate cornets~!
Rimi: Really~?! Yay~! Thanks so much, Saya-chan!
Rimi: ... But my hands are a bit tied at the moment, so could you put them down over there?!
Saya: ... What? Rimi-rin is... suppressing her chocolate cravings...
Arisa: N-no way... We're witnessing the birth of the next great mainstream sensation...
Saya: No doubt about that... Fufufufu.
