event61-05 Chapter 4: So Much Influence

Rimi continues to try to avoid Yuri's influence. But Saya has something to tell her...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Rimi: Saya-chan... What should I do?
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: Ever since I was a kid, I've always looked up to my sister, and she has influenced me in so many ways.
Rimi: If she liked a song, then so did I. She played an instrument, and so did I.
Rimi: But I can't continue on like this, I thought...
Rimi: I knew I couldn't keep relying on her...
Rimi: But the more I thought about that, the larger of a presence she became in my mind. Even this time, I ended up relying on her band's music...
Rimi: How do I make a song that isn't influenced by Glitter*Green... By Sis?
Saya: So it's because of Yuri-senpai...
Kasumi: Hey, Saya! Rimi-rin! The three of us were talking, and we want to go downtown one more time. Care to join us?
Kasumi: Isn't the atmosphere there completely different in the evening?! That'll definitely help Rimi-rin visualize something great! What do you think? Good idea, isn't it?
Tae: Arisa is the one who suggested it.
Kasumi: She's a sharp one, for sure~! What an awesome idea~.
Arisa: I-it was just a spur of the moment thing!
Kasumi: Well?! Come with us!
Tae: Not to mention that Hagumi's family should be frying up a fresh batch of croquettes right about now! I'm going on ahead! Not a moment to spare!
Arisa: O-Tae! S-slow down!
Kasumi: O-Tae, Arisa! Wait!!
Saya: Watch where you're running, you three~! Fufufu...!
Saya: I'd say Arisa has changed quite a bit, wouldn't you? This is the same person who once said that talking about friendship is gross...
Rimi: You think that's because of Kasumi-chan?
Saya: No, we have more than Kasumi to thank. I believe it was a combination of everyone's influence.
Rimi: Everyone's... influence...?
Saya: Poppin'Party, everyone who took part in Girls Band Party, everyone at CiRCLE, the people from the downtown area, and so many more. We've all helped shape the Arisa we know today.
Rimi: ... Huh?
Saya: Rimi-rin... Having an effect on others isn't such a bad thing, you know? Is trying to undo Yuri-senpai's influence on you really a burden you need to bear?
Rimi: Saya-chan...
Saya: I really love the person Arisa has become. Compassionate and always thinking of her friends while also being adorably bashful...
Saya: And what molded her into that precious individual are the people around her.
Saya: Isn't it fine that way? People are constantly being influenced by their surroundings. Arisa, myself, and you...
Saya: That's why I feel it's unnecessary to reject all those influences you've carried with you until now... Wouldn't you say so?
Rimi: ...
Rimi: I-I'm really, really scared... If I were to lose everything I've gained from Sis, all I'd be left with is a feeling of... emptiness...
Rimi: I've... been constantly worrying... Who am I...? If I lost my sister, would I be able to do anything at all...?
Rimi: Losing myself in that painful thought, growing more and more uneasy with myself...
Rimi: And so... So that's why I...
Saya: Mhm, I understand. I really do, Rimi-rin.
Saya: It's precisely because of Yuri-senpai that you've been able to become who you are now.
Saya: And that's the Rimi-rin that I love so, so much.
Rimi: ...!
Rimi: Ah, sorry... The tears just keep coming...
Rimi: Oh no, oh no... They... won't stop...
Saya: It'll be okay, Rimi-rin... Don't cry~.
Rimi: I can't just turn it off~.
Saya: Th-that's true. And we shouldn't force it...
Kasumi: Hey~! Saya, Rimi-rin~! What's the holdup~?! Downtown is waitin' for us~!
Saya: W-we know! Give us a minute~! ... Here, Rimi-rin, use my handkerchief.
Rimi: O-okay... Thanks...
Saya: Fufufu. Maybe we should head out now.
Rimi: ... Yeah.
