event61-04 Chapter 3: Why I'm Sighing

The reason behind Rimi's writer's block seems to have something to do with her complicated feelings toward her sister Yuri.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Heads up, I brought some juice. And we had snacks, so I snagged some of those, as well.
Kasumi: Thanks, Arisa!
Saya: We're all ready, then. Arisa, you sit, too. Okay, all present and accounted for, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: So, uhm... I'll start off by saying that the downtown rally song is still a work in progress. But I wanted to hear your opinions on how it sounds.
Tae: I'm excited to hear it.
Kasumi: The lyrics are coming along nicely, so maybe we can go over those after we hear the track itself?
Rimi: Yes, please. Okay, then... Here goes.
(Black cut)
Rimi: ... How was it?
All: ...
Tae: That was... not good.
Saya: O-O-Tae...?!
Tae: This is nothing like what Rimi normally composes. It sounds awkward. Something's... off.
Kasumi: W-well...! I think the tempo during the hook was pretty good~! If you build upon that, the song could turn out well!
Saya: Y-yeah. I didn't hate it either. It's heading in a decent direction!
Rimi: ...
Tae: Do you two actually mean that? I much prefer her usual style.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Rimi: Arisa-chan? ... I'd like to hear what you have to say.
Arisa: I...
Arisa: If I had to choose sides, I'd be with O-Tae... I guess.
Arisa: It's not a bad song or anything. But... it's like... there's no cohesiveness. Like it lacks a foundation...
Rimi: I thought you might say that.
Arisa: S-sorry if I'm being harsh. If you had asked the old me, those things wouldn't have been an issue. But that's how I feel, after coming this far.
Kasumi: B-but-!
Rimi: It's fine, Kasumi-chan! We can leave it at that. I know exactly why they said what they did.
Rimi: Trust me, I know...
Saya: Rimi-rin...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverside]

Kasumi: Hey, Rimi-rin! You've gotta see this! Today's sunset is really pretty!
Kasumi: Being worried just happens sometimes! Putting a smile on that face will help draw out those great ideas of yours!
Rimi: Y-yeah... Thanks...
Arisa: Forcing yourself to be happy is silly, in my opinion. What good can possibly come from that?
Rimi: Arisa-chan...
Tae: Arisa, you've been worried about Rimi this whole time, haven't you?
Arisa: D-don't put words in my mouth...! L-like I said, don't force yourself to feel a certain way. Stay calm. Don't rush it.
Rimi: Let it happen... naturally. Okay, got it, Arisa-chan.
(Black cut)
Rimi: This is awful... I made everyone worry about me... Sigh~...
Saya: Rimi-rin, your sighs are getting heavier and heavier...
Rimi: Ah... There I go again. All this huffing and puffing is going to blow away my chances at happiness... I need to get a grip...
Saya: Look at it this way. If it gets chased off that easily, can it really be called happiness?
Rimi: ... Huh?
Saya: When you want to sigh, you should let out as many as you please. Arisa said the same thing. Forcing yourself to feel a certain way isn't healthy.
Rimi: Saya-chan...
Rimi: Yeah. You're right... I knew pushing myself too much was a bad idea... Trying to rush things is what got me in this mess to begin with.
Saya: Hm? What do you mean?
Rimi: S-so, what happened is... I couldn't come up with a single idea for the downtown song, which stressed me out. And that's when the thought hit me...
Rimi: I thought, "What would Sis do?"
Saya: ... What would Yuri-senpai do?
Rimi: Which led to every phrase that came to mind being muddled up with Glitter*Green's style...
Rimi: What we need is a sound that's exclusive to Poppin'Party, but everything I churn out is a Glitter*Green imitation...
Rimi: So, I focused on making a piece that was as different from theirs as possible... And ended up with... that...
Saya: Now I get it... That's why you've been in such a slump lately...
Rimi: Sigh~...
