event61-02 Chapter 1: Our Anthem's Direction

Poppin'Party has been asked to create an anthem for the downtown area. They hold a meeting to decide on a theme...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tae: Downtown Rally Song?
Rimi: Yeah. They said it's to help liven up the district.
Kasumi: Making a song like that sounds like loads of fun! I say we give it a shot!
Rimi: What do you think, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Sure, why not? Kasumi really likes the downtown area, right?
Kasumi: Because it's so exciting! Can you blame me?
Saya: Before I forget, Kasumi, the man from the community center wanted you to know that talking to you always brightens up his day.
Kasumi: Aw, that's great~. I'll make an effort to stop by more often!
Tae: So, what kind of song will it be? Have you decided on a theme?
Rimi: Uhmmm... I haven't come up with anything yet.
Arisa: Having trouble deciding?
Rimi: Yeah... To be honest, I'm... drawing a blank...
Kasumi: All sorts of unique-sounding jingles are played over the speakers at the supermarket. Maybe go with something like that?
Saya: Now that you mention it, I suppose a downtown rally song would have that sort of feel to it.
Tae: Say, that reminds me...
Arisa: What is it, O-Tae? Did you come up with something?
Tae: You know how when you hop in the bath and catch yourself humming along with all those catchy store jingles? What's up with that, anyway?
Arisa: How should I know?!
Rimi: No, I totally get what you mean. Like when a song gets stuck in your head, and you can't help but hear it all the time.
Kasumi: So, maybe we head in that direction? And we make a song that introduces all the downtown shops! Doesn't that sound like a fun one?
Arisa: Mehhh. Can I be honest here? Am I the only one who thinks that sounds, well... uncool?
Kasumi: You think so? I happen to like that sort of thing.
Tae: I don't dislike it, myself. It has a nice, heartwarming feel.
Arisa: Yeah, but if that's what we're aiming for, then what exactly do we bring to the table?
Rimi: ... Huh?
Arisa: What I mean is, any song we make should be a song that only we can make.
Saya: I think I'm going to side with Arisa on this one. The man from the community center himself said that it should be a song that young people would enjoy.
Rimi: Actually, yeah. He did mention that.
Tae: In that case, how about one with intense guitar play? Something akin to old-school rock and roll?
Kasumi: Nice! Good thinking, O-Tae! It'd be unexpected and, above all, really cool!
Saya: Going down that path might alienate some of the older folk who aren't familiar with that kind of music.
Kasumi: Ah, you're right. I hadn't considered that~.
Tae: In that case... Enka?
Kasumi: Ah, enka would be a surefire hit with the elderly!
Arisa: C-come on now, Kasumi! Try to take this a bit more seriously!
Kasumi: I-I am being serious... more or less...
Saya: Let's pause and go over what we've covered so far! First, we need to appeal to a younger audience, right? And next would be...
Rimi: A song that only we can make...
Kasumi: Hmmm~... That's a pretty big hurdle to jump.
Rimi: Yeah, which is why nothing comes to mind...
Kasumi: But there's something to be gained from doing this! Having a song we made play downtown would make walking around even more fun!
Rimi: Walking...? Fun...?
Kasumi: Taking a stroll there is a blast in and of itself, right? It gets your heart all bubbly. Saya, you know what I mean?
Saya: I've been living there since I was a kid, so I don't think that's ever actually crossed my mind...
Kasumi: Ah, that makes sense. The reason why I go there so often is because of how enjoyable it is to walk through.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... I think you nailed it...
Kasumi: ...?
Rimi: A song that makes people look forward to walking through the downtown area. How's that for a theme?
Kasumi: Oh, that sounds perfect! I'm all for it~!
Saya: Yeah, I think it's a great idea! I'd love to help make everyone's walk through the district more enjoyable.
Tae: It'd make for a good performance as well.
Arisa: Guess that settles it, then.
Rimi: Mhm! Let's make it a song to remember!
