event61-07 Ending: As Long as I Have You All...

The song everyone made plays downtown. Smiles spread throughout the area.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: ... And that's what I came up with. How was it?
Kasumi: Wow~! It's great! No, spectacular! Hearing that has got me seriously pumped up!
Saya: All of the people downtown are sure to love it! You'd be hard-pressed to find another district that has a rally song as good as this one!
Tae: That settles it... I'm gonna start jogging, and I'll be listening to this song when I do it.
Kasumi: Oooh, nice idea~! That's premium running fuel right there!
Saya: Any thoughts, Arisa?
Arisa: I don't have much insight into the process, being an amateur myself, but... Rimi passed on chocolate coronets to compose this. No way it could've been a bad song.
Arisa: Actually... ... It's really, really good.
Rimi: Sigh~, I'm so glad to hear that~.
Saya: Fufufu, you're sighing a different tune than before.
Rimi: Receiving that sort of praise from everyone is like a huge weight off my shoulders... I think a sigh is appropriate for times like these as well.
Rimi: ... Ah. Saya-chan, you were right all along. I shouldn't be afraid to huff out as many sighs as I want.
Saya: Fufufu, that's the spirit.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Downtown]

Kasumi: I recognize this intro... It's really happening! They're playing our song downtown!
Saya: It's been running non-stop since this morning, from what I was told.
Rimi: Saya-chan's father was kind enough to take note of that for us.
Saya: He said the attendees at the downtown council meeting had one listen and were hooked. They're apparently looking forward to playing it long into the future.
Rimi: Oh wow, we have to be sure to go thank them later.
Tae: And pick up some chocolate cornets while we're there. They're on sale, after all.
Arisa: You guys see that? Looks like everyone's listening to our song.
Kasumi: She's right~! Check out that person! They're bobbing to the beat!
Hagumi: Ah! Kaa-kun, found you~!
Kasumi: Oh! Hagu!!
Hagumi: Okay, spill it! The song that's playing is a new Poppin'Party single, right?! It's awesome! Hearing it puts you in such a good mood!
Kasumi: You bet it is. Heh, heh~. What else would you expect from one of our songs?
Hagumi: My dad can't get enough of it! He said it makes work feel like a day off!
Man: Hahaha, and we have you all to thank for that. Your song has garnered a great reputation with all of downtown.
Saya: Oh! Hello, sir!
Man: All I've been hearing from the workers around here is how much of a positive influence your song has had on them. Their jobs are much more fun because of it.
Rimi: Our song is... influential?
Saya: Fufufu. Now you're the one having an effect on others, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: W-wow! Hehehe, to hear that someone like me is having an impact on others... makes me happy...
Man: Tasking you all with this job was definitely the right choice. I can't thank you enough.
Rimi: N-no, the pleasure was all mine! Thank you very much! I am very grateful for having been given this opportunity!
Rimi: And for the rest of you...
Kasumi: Hm? What do you mean, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Well, you see... I was only able to make this song with your help, everyone. Without you, this track wouldn't exist.
Arisa: Quit being so modest! Rimi, you worked harder than any of us.
Rimi: No. I was able to create it because of the influence everyone has had on me...
Rimi: I realized I am who I am because of that very influence... And that's what led me to compose this piece.
Rimi: I'll never be able to thank you enough for being there for me. Slowly but surely, I feel as though staying by your sides is what  will allow me to become the me that I have always wanted to be.
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: So, don't hold back on shaping who I am, okay?
Saya: O-of course! But this isn't a one-way street. You're helping shape who we are too!
Arisa: Rimi... What you just said was... really cool...
Tae: Arisa, why do you look like you're about to cry?
Arisa: I-I'm not, dummy!
Kasumi: R-Rimi-rin~! I... uhm... I just... wanna say...
Kasumi: I love you~!
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan! You're squishing me! Hahahaha!
(Black cut)
