event61-01 Opening: Downtown After the Festival

Rimi and Saya are chatting downtown when someone suddenly calls out to them...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[After School]

[Downtown]

Rimi: But yeah, the person sitting next to us on the train happened to be holding a guitar. So, Kasumi-chan suddenly started talking to them.
Saya: Hahaha! I can totally see that! That's Kasumi to a T!
Rimi: Then, they ended up exchanging their contact info. I couldn't believe it...
Saya: That's one thing she's always done well. Most people normally wouldn't talk to a stranger simply because they're also holding a guitar.
Rimi: The other day, Arisa-chan, Lisa-san and I were practicing how to hold a natural conversation but realized it's easy to start worrying about what to say... If only I could be more like Kasumi-chan~.
Saya: Do you mean striking up a conversation with someone who also has a bass?
Rimi: Ah, not quite... I'd like to be able to speak to different types of people... And to challenge myself to try new things...
？？？: Hey there, Saya-chan. It's been a while.
Saya: Ah, good afternoon, sir~.
Rimi: Hm? I feel like I've met him before...
Saya: You have. He's the kind man from the community center who helped explain the problem with the downtown festival to us.
Rimi: Oh, I remember now. G-good afternoon...
Man: I hope you're both doing well. Is that other young lady not with you today? The sparky go-getter...
Saya: Ah, you mean Kasumi. She's still at school right now.
Man: Is she now? That's a shame. Why, just the other day she stopped to speak with me while I was cleaning the storefront. That peppy demeanor of hers is contagious, indeed.
Saya: Fufu, I'll let her know you said that. I'm sure she'll be glad to hear it.
Rimi: E-excuse me, but... I wanted to thank you for being so helpful with everything regarding the festival.
Man: Hahaha, I should be thanking you. Ever since we held that festival, it seems as though people from all over have been taking notice of the downtown area.
Man: The reason we felt like we needed to pull it together and get things done was that you girls put in so much effort.
Saya: My father actually mentioned the same thing. He said the atmosphere downtown has improved a lot, and the number of people attending the meetings there has increased.
Man: Holding that festival was the start of a slow but steady shift toward a more proactive attitude from the locals. Everything seems to be moving in a very good direction.
Rimi: They're more proactive...?
Man: Earlier today, we held a meeting on how to further liven up the area, and many ideas were submitted. See for yourself.
Saya: Wow, look at how many there are! And they seem well thought out. The downtown stamp rally one sounds really interesting.
Rimi: Hey, this one's a good idea too. "Downtown Trivia Contest".
Saya: I'm guessing it would cover general knowledge of the district? If so, wouldn't Kasumi be a prime candidate to win?
Rimi: I'd say so... She knows an awful lot about the downtown area, doesn't she?
Man: Hahaha. It goes without saying, we can't make all of these ideas happen. The important thing, though, is how much thought is being put into the betterment of the district.
Saya: Uhm... what is this one about?
Rimi: "Downtown... Rally Song"?
Man: That one's about composing a musical piece and letting it play throughout the entire district. The cheerful atmosphere would put everyone in high spirits.
Saya: Ooo, I think that sounds great~.
Rimi: (Composing a song... about the downtown area?)
Rimi: ...
Saya: A downtown song~. Kind of makes you want to give it a try, right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: It does! P-pardon me, sir! Could you perhaps allow us to do it? Please, let us make the song for the downtown area!
Man: W-well, you wouldn't hear any objection from me. Just the opposite, in fact... However, I would feel guilty burdening you with such a thing.
Rimi: I love this town so much! I want to be able to help! Please!
Saya: I'd also like to pitch in! After all your help... It's the least we could do to repay you!
Man: Are you sure you wouldn't mind? If not, then I suppose I'll leave the task to you.
Rimi: Alright...! Yay~!
Rimi & Saya: Thank you very much!
Man: The song for the festival was amazing, so I have no doubt this one will be as well. What we want more than anything is for young people to enjoy what the downtown district has to offer.
Rimi: Y-yes, sir! Understood!
