event67-05 Chapter 4: After Dinner

The girls have finished their dinner at Kaoru's house. Now to enjoy themselves before bed.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After Dinner]

[Seta Residence - Kaoru's Room]

Kokoro: Dinner was so scrumptious, Kaoru!
Kanon: Your mother's really good at cooking. Even the presentation was perfect.
Kaoru: Fufu, it's because we have guests tonight. She made sure to make dinner extra special for the occasion.
Hagumi: Ah~, I'm so full~. I think I ate too much.
Kaoru: Why not lay down for a while? You need not restrain yourself amongst us.
Hagumi: But my dad told me I'll turn into a cow if I lay down after eating.
Kokoro: That sounds amazing! I want to be a cow! Once I change, you can all ride on my back!
Misaki: Yeah, I don't think that's meant to be taken literally. People don't just change into cows.
Kaoru: Fufu, if I were to become a cow, certainly my beauty would still captivate the hearts of all who saw me. Ah~, 'tis a crime to be as beautiful as I.
Misaki: I'm pretty sure a cow like that doesn't exist.
Kanon: Fufufu... Looks like you're back to your old self, Misaki-chan. Our conversations are much more lively now.
Misaki: ...?!
Kanon: Thank goodness. It's nice to have the old Hello, Happy World! back. I wouldn't want us any other way.
Kaoru: Fufu, the night is still young, my little kittens. Let us make the most of it.
Hagumi: Ah, that reminds me! I brought playing cards! Does anybody wanna play?!
Kokoro: I do!  I've been wanting to play Old Maid forever! Come on, Misaki, join us!
Misaki: Well... Alright, why not?
Kokoro: By the way, how do you play Old Maid? Can you teach me, Misaki?
Misaki: Haha... You don't even know the rules, huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Ah! This is from our parade at Smile Land! I've never seen this picture before!
Kaoru: That photograph was attached to a letter gifted to me by a fan.
Kaoru: Unfortunately, it's far too small to capture my true beauty, so I plan on having it made into a poster soon.
Misaki: You really love yourself, don't you?
Kaoru: Don't misunderstand me, my dear. I appreciate all living things.
Kokoro: Ah, this is Happy Happy Island, right?!
Kanon: What beautiful scenery. Every once in a while, I'll look back on this photo myself.
Hagumi: It really wasn't that long ago, but it all feels so nostalgic! All our adventures together are precious to me!
Kaoru: Indeed. We should thank the fates for allowing us to be born in the same era.
Misaki: I think you're being a bit dramatic.
Hagumi: Is she? I was thinking the same thing. What about you, Mii-kun? What do you think of Hello, Happy World!?
Misaki: Me...? Well... At first, I was at a complete loss.
Misaki: I mean, I'd never written music before, and Kokoro was a total mystery to me.
Kokoro: Your song was extra-especially wonderful though! It made everyone smile!
Misaki: Haha... Thanks.
Misaki: Actually... You know that book my parents threw out? It's the book I used to study music-making back then.
Hagumi: What?!
Misaki: Yeah~, I know I can get another one at the store, but, I don't know, I guess that book just held a lot of memories.
Kanon: So that's why you were upset...
Misaki: Still, I shouldn't have gotten as angry as I did. I said some really nasty stuff...
Misaki: This wouldn't have happened if I had just kept my things organized in the first place...
Misaki: Yeah, that was wrong of me.
Kokoro: If that book is so important to you, why don't we look for it?
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean? Come on, we have no idea where it could have gone. Think about this logically for a second.
Kokoro: Then we just have to think illogically! We'll help you find it tomorrow.
Misaki: I-I...
Kaoru: Fufu, why don't we revisit this topic again tomorrow? Shall we continue reminiscing about Hello, Happy World!? We have plenty to talk about.
Kanon: Yes, I agree. I'd love to talk about our adventures more.
Kaoru: Would you care to look at this photo? This is from our very first concert.
Kaoru: As always, I... am the star.
Kaoru: What else do we have here...? This is me wiping the sweat from my brow, and this is me tuning my guitar. This is me wielding a shield... All so fleeting.
Hagumi: Wow, you look really cool in all of these!
Kokoro: This is amazing! Show me more pictures, Kaoru!
Misaki: ...
