event67-01 Opening: Reflection

The girls have gathered to reflect after band practice, but Misaki seems a little gloomy...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Restaurant]

Kaoru: My apologies for the delay. I've left you quite thirsty, haven't I? Worry not, dear friends, for I have your drinks right here. They are filled to the brim with my love.
Hagumi: Yay~! Thanks Kaoru-kun!
Kanon: Now that Kaoru-san's back, should we get started?
Kokoro: Great idea! Are you ready, Misaki?
Misaki: Ah... We're going over today's practice, right? Yeah, I'm good to go.
Hagumi: Alright, can I start? I was really, really hungry all through practice today. I should have eaten more at lunch...
Kaoru: Ah~, my poor Hagumi... How you have suffered. Are you alright now?
Hagumi: Yup! I'm all better now that we've had our orders and dessert! Actually, I think I ate too much. My tummy hurts!
Kaoru: Y-your stomach hurts?! How dreadful! You should lie down at once!
Kanon: K-Kaoru-san... She can't just lay down in the middle of the restaurant...
Kaoru: But we can't simply leave her like this either.
Hagumi: Thanks, Kaoru-kun! You don't have to worry about me, though. I'll be okay!
Kaoru: Ah, Hagumi, your strength, your resilience. It's all so fleeting...
Kokoro: Now it's my turn! I actually did eat before practice. For lunch I had-
Kanon: W-wait a minute. Why are we talking about what we had for lunch? We're supposed to be discussing practice, right?
Kaoru: What ever is the matter, Kanon? Having a proper lunch is an absolute must.
Kanon: I-I know that, but... How do I put this? Misaki-chan, help me...
Misaki: ... Ah, sorry, I was thinking about something else. What are we talking about?
Kokoro: We're all sharing what we had for lunch today!
Misaki: Huh? Why are we doing that? Isn't this meeting supposed to be about practice...? Kanon-san, what's she talking about...?
Kanon: Th-that's what-
Misaki: ...!
Misaki: ...
Kanon: Hm? Misaki-chan, your phone's ringing.
Misaki: Ah, it's fine. It's just a call from home. I'm sure it'll stop eventually. Anyway, you were saying?
Kanon: B-but...
Hagumi: Hey, Mii-kun, your phone's still ringing. Don't you think you should pick it up?
Misaki: Y-yeah... Okay.  Sorry about this. Go on without me.
Misaki: Hello? ... Yeah, I'm with my bandmates... I told you I had practice today, remember?
All: ...
Hagumi: Hey... Don't you think Mii-kun's acting strange?
Kanon: I was wondering the same thing. She seemed a little down since practice...
Kaoru: Ah! Could it be? Perhaps she's fallen under the spell of my beauty.
Misaki: ... I told you! I don't want to talk about it!
All: ...?!
Hagumi: Wh-what's wrong, Mii-kun?
Misaki: H-haha... Sorry...  I wish you guys hadn't seen that...
Kanon: That was your family, wasn't it? Did something happen?
Misaki: Ah~, yeah, well...  I had a fight with my parents this morning...
Hagumi: Huh? Really? So you get in fights too.
Misaki: It's kinda embarrassing for a high schooler like me to still be bickering with my parents, but... Yeah...
Hagumi: What's wrong with that? My dad and I are always arguing about softball plays.
Hagumi: Sometimes if he keeps bugging me about it over and over, I'll snap at him when I shouldn't.
Kokoro: So you had a fight, Misaki? That's amazing! I've never gotten into an argument with anyone, ever!
Misaki: Wow~, not even once, huh...? You know, I should be surprised, but somehow, I'm not.
Kanon: I used to argue with my parents a lot too... Although we've been getting along recently.
Hagumi: But why were you fighting, Mii-kun? What happened?
Misaki: It's nothing worth talking about... I was cleaning my bookshelves and...
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... And that's the story.
Kanon: I see. So they accidently threw out a book of yours that's really important?
Misaki: Yeah~. I suppose it's partially my fault, seeing as I didn't tell them which books not to throw out...
Misaki: Still, when I realized what happened this morning, I just started yelling. Sigh~, I hate this feeling...
Kaoru: Yes, 'tis quite the pitiful story. A tragedy even. There are no other words to express this sorrowful turn of events.
Misaki: Uhm, it's not that big of a deal. That book was just special to me, so hearing that they threw it out was a shock.
Kaoru: That reminds me. Long ago, I played the part of a prince who lost everything due to a trivial misunderstanding.
Kaoru: Looking back on it now, it was an excellent performance, even for me. The audience showered me with applause...
Kaoru: It is... but that.
Misaki: Huh? That's what? You were just talking about yourself at the end there...
Kaoru: Fufu, now then, shall we move on to my thoughts about practice?
Kaoru: For me, today was a truly beautiful, especially fleeting day. For you see...
