event67-06 Chapter 5: A Fleeting Night

Misaki can't sleep. Suddenly, she hears Kaoru beside her...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seta Residence - Kaoru's Room]

Misaki: (What time is it? Everyone's out like a light... It's gotta be pretty late then...)
Misaki: (Sigh~. I can't sleep. I've got way too much on my mind...)
Misaki: (I wonder if Hagumi would let me borrow Monkey... She said it helps her sleep at night...)
Kaoru: Having trouble sleeping?
Misaki: Huh? Kaoru-san, what are you doing up?
Kaoru: As the great bard once said, "Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown."
Misaki: Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown... What's that mean?
Kaoru: Fufu, you're free to interpret my words however you see fit.
Kaoru: Ah yes, I must give you my thanks, dear Misaki.
Misaki: Huh? What for?
Kaoru: Your advice regarding my bedroom layout. I've decided to keep it as is.
Misaki: Ah, right. I forgot all about that.
Kaoru: Having someone to talk to truly was a marvelous help. You have my sincerest gratitude.
Misaki: Come on, I'm the one who should be saying that.
Kaoru: And yet, I've done nothing worthy of such words.
Misaki: Haha, sure you haven't, Kaoru-san.
Misaki: I was pretty awful to my parents today. I said a lot of stuff I shouldn't have, and refused to pick up the phone.
Misaki: And now I can't get all that stuff out of my head, and it's keeping me up...
Misaki: Do arguments use up calories? I feel so drained...
Kaoru: Ah, perhaps you've heard of this before.
Misaki: Huh? Heard what?
Kaoru: They say when a baby bird hatches, it comes to believe the first things it sees is its parents.
Misaki: Ah, yeah, I've heard about that before. I think they call it "imprinting." I feel like that's a pretty well-known fact.
Kaoru: I just happened upon it when I was reading the other day.
Kaoru: ... What an interesting fact.
Kaoru & Misaki: ...
Misaki: ... Wait. Is that it?
Kaoru: Indeed. The curtain has fallen on this exchange.
Misaki: But what was the point...? And wait, wouldn't a conversation like that usually develop into something more?
Misaki: Plus it seemed like you were headed in a pretty good direction there.
Kaoru: While that wasn't my initial intentions... Do you perhaps desire such a conversation?
Misaki: ... Huh?
Kaoru: If you do, I will keep talking with you, for as long as you like.
Misaki: Ha, haha...  I'll admit, I wasn't expecting you to say something like that.
Kaoru: Did I not mention this before? You're free to interpret my words however you see fit.
Misaki: Oh yeah...? However I see fit, huh...?
Kaoru: After all, success will follow for those in good spirits...
Kaoru: It is... but that.
Misaki: Sigh...
Misaki: I've known all along what I need to do. I need to apologize to my parents for being so rude to them...
Misaki: But I don't know... It just doesn't feel right.
Misaki: Good spirits, huh...? It might actually be that simple. Is that another Shakespeare quote?
Kaoru: On the contrary, that quote was... one of my own.
Misaki: What?! You came up with that...? Pfft. Haha, hahaha...
Misaki: I really thought that was a famous quote from something. Looks like you could be another great bard yourself.
Misaki: Phew~, with all these curveballs you keep throwing me, I just keep striking out...
Misaki: Still, that really clears things up for me. I get the feeling I'll be in good spirits before I know it.
Misaki: Thanks, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: I didn't do anything, my dear. I simply said what I wanted to say.
Misaki: And I just said what I wanted to say.
Kaoru: Ah, I just remembered another interesting tidbit. Would you like to hear it?
Misaki: Sure. Go ahead.
Kaoru: You see, a tadpole's gills...
