event67-03 Chapter 2: Kaoru's Room

Misaki comes to Kaoru's room. Suddenly, the other members contact them...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seta Residence - Kaoru's Room]

Kaoru: Here we are. Welcome to my humble abode.
Misaki: Wow~, this room's gorgeous. You even have potted plants. It's so grown up.
Kaoru: I'm glad you like it. By all means, make yourself at home.
Misaki: Now that I'm looking at it, I don't see any reason to rearrange everything. Personally, I kinda like it as is...
Kaoru: Is that so? In that case, I'll have to give it some more thought.
Kaoru: You'll find books on the shelf over there, and the TV remote is on the table. If you'd like to rest your eyes, feel free to make use of the sofa or bed.
Misaki: Ah, okay. Will do.
Misaki: What do you got for books...? Shakespeare, Nietzsche, Descartes... Look at all these different authors.
Misaki: Famous works of literature, history novels... You've got quite the selection. Huh? You even read these encyclopedias?
Kaoru: If you're looking for a recommendation, I'd have to go with Shakespeare. His words transcend time itself to touch our hearts.
Misaki: Haha, yeah, I don't think I could finish Shakespeare in one day...
Kaoru: Then you may stay here for as long as you desire. I'd be grateful for the company.
Misaki: Hm? You've got photos decorating the walls by this desk too.
Kaoru: Indeed, these are a record of my journey up to this point. A majority of these photos are of plays. I believe the prince role I mentioned should be... Ah, here it is.
Kaoru: This is the scene where, lost in the depths of despair, the prince falls to his knees, cursing his fate.
Kaoru: I can still remember the sobs coming from the audience... Well, what do you think?
Misaki: Huh? What do you mean? How am I supposed to answer that...?
Misaki: Ah, you've got pictures of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Of course. Our experiences as Hello, Happy World! are another part of my journey, are they not?
Misaki: This one is... from our first concert, right? And this is from our trip to Happy Happy Island. Ah, and... That's from the parade at the amusement park.
Kaoru: It feels as if it was only yesterday. The crowd went wild with every move I made.
Kaoru: Tragedy or comedy, I capture the hearts of all who witness my performance. That is what it means to be Kaoru Seta.
Misaki: Ah~, yeah, yeah.
Kaoru: I do have one regret about that parade, however. I don't have a single photo of you. How unfortunate.
Misaki: (Well~, you've got pictures of Michelle, so in reality...)
Misaki: ... Hm? Is this you in middle school?
Kaoru: Indeed it is. That was the first time I stood on stage. Now that I think about it, that was the moment I took my first steps down this path of mine. This was my starting point.
Misaki: Your starting point, huh...? Maybe if I had organized my stuff like this from the beginning, my parents and I wouldn't be fighting...
Misaki: ... Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to whine about myself. Just ignore that.
Kaoru: Misaki, is there anything you'd like to drink? I'll go bring us something to warm up. Could you be a dear and wait here for a few moments?
Misaki: Ah, yeah, thanks...
Misaki: Sigh~.
Misaki: She didn't even mention it. I'm really taking advantage of her kindness here, aren't I? I just keep messing up...
Misaki: Maybe I should go home... Has anybody tried to contact me from the house...
Misaki: (Guh... That's a lot of missed calls...)
Misaki: ... Ah. I've got messages from Hagumi and Kanon-san too...
Misaki: "Are you okay, Mii-kun?" "Misaki-chan, did you get home alright? I'm a little worried."
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (Taking advantage of Kaoru-san, causing everyone else to worry... I really am the worst...)
Misaki: I better reply to these... Let's see...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Pardon the wait, Misaki. I've brewed us some coffee. Come, this will warm you right up.
Misaki: U-uhm, Kaoru-san... Please don't get angry...
Kaoru: Me? Angry? What ever for?
Misaki: I got a message from both Kanon-san and Hagumi, so I told them I was at your house. Then that somehow turned into everyone coming here...
Kaoru: Oh my, what a pleasant surprise. They are more than welcome, of course.
Misaki: What's more, now they're talking about having a sleepover...
Kaoru: I see... It seems we have a fleeting night ahead of us.
Misaki: So you're okay with this? Kokoro's coming too, you know.
Kaoru: How long has it been since I've had someone stay the night here? I'm sure my parents will be thrilled.
Misaki: You really are open-minded, huh~?
Misaki: Well, as long as it's fine by you. I better let my parents know too...
Misaki: I'm going to go call them. I'll be right back.
