event67-02 Chapter 1: Déjà Vu

Misaki is feeling down after a fight with her parents. That's when Kaoru calls out to her...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After the Meeting]

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: Sorry about today...  I kinda brought down the mood, didn't I?
Kanon: No, not at all. More importantly, are you sure you're okay?
Hagumi: Cheer up, Mii-kun! If you don't feel like going home, how about coming to my house? We'll eat tons of croquettes to help you feel better!
Kokoro: Great idea! And I'll be coming along too, of course! If we have everyone together, you'll smile for sure!
Misaki: Ah~, That's okay. I'm fine.
Misaki: (Now I've made everyone worry... And I'm terrible with these kinds of situations...)
Kaoru: Ah~, Misaki...
Kaoru: If only you could have seen my performance that day. One doesn't get to experience a show like that very often, after all. The darkness of the prince's heart wa-
Misaki: Haha... Hahaha... So you're still going on about that, huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hour Later]

[Park]

Misaki: Sigh~. I made it sound like no big deal in front of everyone, but I really don't want to go home...
Misaki: I should have taken Hagumi up on her offer...
Misaki: Sigh~.
Kaoru: Fufu, such deep sighs. What ails you, my little kitten?
Misaki: Huh? Kaoru-san?! What are you doing here? I thought you went home.
Kaoru: I just happened to be strolling through the streets, contemplating a variety of subjects, when I heard the fleeting sighs of a little kitten.
Misaki: Oh, gotcha.
Misaki: Actually, hasn't this happened before? I'm getting some serious deja vu.
Kaoru: Really? I don't seem to recall.
Misaki: Haha. I figured you'd say that.
Kaoru: Ah, that reminds me, Misaki. May I ask you a question? It's regarding something I've been pondering for a while now.
Misaki: Sure, if I'll do. Just to let you know though, I'm not very knowledgeable about theater stuff.
Kaoru: It has nothing to do with theater. For you see...
Kaoru: I'm considering changing the layout of my room... What do you think? Should I?
Misaki: Huh? Your room? Where'd that come from?
Kaoru: Make no mistake, I have no qualms with my quarter's current arrangement. However, I thought perhaps a new layout could provide a pleasant breath of fresh air.
Kaoru: To move my bed, or to not move my bed... That is the question...
Misaki: Uhm, okay.
Kaoru: Perhaps you could provide some insight into my problem.
Misaki: Uhm~, I don't really know what your room looks like, though... Why not just do what feels right?
Kaoru: What feels right, huh? I see. How very... deep.
Misaki: No... There's nothing deep about it... Fufu.
Kaoru: Ah, there's that smile of yours. Well then, now that I've seen that, perhaps I shall head home.
Misaki: W-wait, Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: What is it, my dear?
Misaki: If it's alright with you... Could I maybe come to your place?
Kaoru: You wish to visit my home?
Misaki: I-I mean, you want to rearrange your room, right? I just wanted to see what it looks like...
Kaoru: I see. Then I'd be more than happy to have you.
Kaoru: However, there's nothing of note at my house. If that is alright with yo-
Kaoru: Oh dear! My apologies, Misaki. It seems I left out an incredibly important detail!
Misaki: Ah, it's fine if it won't work out. I just thought I'd ask.
Kaoru: No, you see, I stated before that there was nothing of importance at my house, but that was a grave mistake.
Kaoru: For you see, I have in my possession a picture of the crowd showering me with praise during my performance as the prince who lost it all. You simply must see it!
Misaki: (Jeez, it's just curveball after curveball with Kaoru-san...)
Misaki: O-okay... I can't wait~.
