event220-04 Chapter 3: A New Sound Encountered

Poppin'Party checks out RiNG's acoustics for the first time.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[RiNG - Stage]

Tae: Wow...! I had no idea the sound of a guitar could echo this clearly!
Kasumi: I know, right? I'm the one who always keeps this guitar amp squeaky clean, by the way~!
Rimi: I can tell from the sound that you take really good care of it, Kasumi-chan.
Tae: Ririko-san, RiNG's stage is great. It makes performing easy, and the way the sound echoes is so different. We'll be able to make our show something totally new, I think.
Ririko: Fufu, I'm glad to hear you feel that way~.
Arisa: Pant...! Pant...! S-sorry for being late!
Kasumi: Ah, you're here at last, Arisa~!
Arisa: My bad, student council work took longer than expected...! Gimme a sec to get things ready.
Tae: Your keyboard's already been set up, Arisa.
Arisa: Huh? Oh, it is...
Arisa: Whoa, the equalizer settings are perfect too... I had no idea you guys knew how I set up my sound...!
Kasumi: Why wouldn't we? Just how long do you think we've been together?
Arisa: ... I suppose so. Thanks.
Tae: Alright, let's try playing a song from the top then!
Saya: Sure! Ririko-san, we're ready now~!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Wow, wow, wow! Wow~!
Rimi: I know we haven't been able to practice much because we've been busy, but...
Saya: I never expected us to be in such perfect harmony...
Tae: We really rock, don't we? We can become one through our sound anytime.
Arisa: Yeah... You're so right!
Ririko: Okay then, is there anything you want adjusted that isn't sound-related?
Kasumi: Nope~! Everything else, from the lighting to the staging, is perfect!
Ririko: Got it! Guess that's it then. Let's do our best on the day of your concert!
Kasumi: We will! And thank you!
Kasumi: I really can't wait to do our show~!
Arisa: I know I had to leave the set list up to you guys, but I just wanna say that what you came up with is, like, great!
Kasumi: It is, isn't it?! We've never started off with a new song and closed with an instrumental before, so it feels so new, doesn't it?!
Arisa: For sure. I gotta say, though, I have no idea how you thought up something like this.
Kasumi: I dunno why, but it just came to me the other day while I was mopping the lobby!
Saya: Your eyes were literally sparkling when you told me you'd just gotten an amazing idea.
Tae: I'm guessing it's the constant exposure to music you get here.
Tae: Maybe helping other people with their music activated some kind of circuitry inside you that has to do with new sounds, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Huh...! That could be it...!
Kasumi: Mmm~! Now I really can't wait to do our show~!
Rimi: Um, hey, since it's going to be our first time performing here, why don't we all take turns emceeing when we do?
Saya: Nice idea~, let's do that!
Kasumi: I wonder what I should say~! Hey, hey, does five minutes for everyone sound good?!
Arisa: If we do that, our entire show's gonna be just us talking!
Saya: Fufu, how about we go over to Arisa's basement now and discuss plans then?
Kasumi: Agreed~! Let's grab some snacks and throw a party too!
Tae: Me like! It'll be our first RiNG show party!
Arisa: H-hey, you guys can't just decide that on your own...! Sheesh~. I guess we can get the snacks at a convenience store and-
Ririko: Sorry~, Saya-chan, Kasumi-chan, could I get a hand carrying this equipment?
Kasumi: Coming~! Sorry, we have to go and help a bit! You guys go ahead!
Saya: We'll catch up soon!
Rimi: Okay! Let's go then.
Arisa: S-sure...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Arisa: ... Ugh, it's cold~... The temperature's so low at night even though it's already spring.
Rimi: Are you okay, Arisa-chan? Would you like to borrow my jacket?
Arisa: Thanks, I'm good. I'd just started thinking things had gotten warmer too~...
Tae: Ah, look. That tree over there...
Arisa: Huh... Looks like the sakura blossoms are turning to leaves already.
Tae: It's hard to believe they were in full bloom when we came here to hang out the other day...
Rimi: The sakura season goes by faster than you expect, doesn't it?
Arisa: Yeah... Real fast.
Tae: Brings back memories.
Arisa & Rimi: Hm?
Tae: This is the park from back then. You know, when Kasumi lost the ability to sing...
Arisa: Oh yeah~... that time. It was right before our audition at SPACE.
Rimi: Yes. We all sang here together.
Arisa: ... So much has happened since then~.
Rimi: We've visited so many places and gotten up on so many stages...
Tae: I bet life's still got more in store though. For us.
Arisa: ... Yeah.
Arisa: (Whatever's in store... I hope the five of us can experience them together...)
Arisa: Achoo.
Rimi: Are you okay, Arisa-chan?
Tae: You might come down with something. We should probably go.
Rimi: Yes. Besides, if we keep making detours, Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan might arrive at the basement before we do.
Arisa: Yeah. Wouldn't want to mess around and be left in the dust by them.
