event220-06 Chapter 5: From Sakura to Leaves

On the way back from work, Kasumi and Saya pause to look at a sakura tree.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Walking Home]

Kasumi: Sigh~, it's really warm, isn't it~? I wonder what it is about spring evenings that can make you so excited~!
Saya: Tell me about it! There's that feeling of just wanting to get started... Ah, Kasumi, look at that tree.
Kasumi: Wow, it's so green and leafy now! The sakura that were there just the other day are gone!
Saya: It's only going to become greener as the temperature slowly rises... and then summer will be here.
Kasumi: Yeah...! You think by then we'll have learned to do more stuff at work?
Saya: Mm-hmm, for sure.
Saya: RiNG got a lot of customers again today, huh?
Kasumi: Yeah, and now I know even more people♪
Saya: Fufu, I noticed you were chatting in the lobby with that person from overseas. How'd you manage to get so close with them?
Kasumi: Body language, of course! They said they'll drop by again!
Saya: Ahaha, that does sound like something you'd be able to pull off.
Saya: You know... I've recently started understanding just a tiny bit how you can be so positive all the time.
Kasumi: What do you mean?
Saya: Before I started working at RiNG, I was actually a little nervous. But...
Saya: Once I took a step forward, I started taking more steps... Now, I feel like I can keep going forever.
Saya: And that makes me want to go even further... It's like the world is opening up before me, and that makes each day so exciting.
Saya: I'm so glad I worked up the courage to take that first step.
Kasumi: Saya...
Kasumi: Each day is so sparkling and heart-pounding for me, too, now that I'm a third-year...
Kasumi: Before going to bed at night, I find myself wondering what new thing will be waiting for me the next day, and it makes me so excited!
Kasumi: Between getting a job and making new friends... I feel like I'm going to get to see tons of things I've never seen before!
Saya: Yeah... I feel the same way.
Kasumi: Hey, Saya.
Saya: Hm?
Kasumi: No matter what, let's make our show the day after tomorrow amazing, okay?
Saya: Agreed!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: ... Alright, time for a breather... I'm gonna pour myself a hot cocoa. Want some, Okusawa-san?
Misaki: Sure, thanks~. Sorry to make you work overtime the day before your show, by the way.
Arisa: No problem. It's part of the job. Here you go. Careful, it's hot.
Misaki: Thanks... Sigh~, this is some good cocoa...
Arisa: So relaxing~...
Arisa: Now that we're more or less done preparing, how about we do a practice run of your speech for tomorrow?
Misaki: Ugh~... Getting traumatic flashbacks of that opening ceremony...
Arisa: You're still beating yourself up over that...? Don't worry, I'll back you up if something happens.
Arisa: ... Hm? A message from Kasumi...
Arisa: "Done with work! Let's do our best during the show tomorrow!" Looks like work's over for Kasumi and Saya.
Misaki: You sure you don't mind?
Arisa: Mind what?
Misaki: Being unable to meet everyone to go over the show that's right around the corner. If you want, you're welcome to leave now.
Arisa: What? I can't do that. I'm the vice president.
Arisa: Besides, I don't need to. We already rehearsed at RiNG ahead of time, and we'll go over the show in group chat.
Arisa: Plus, everything will be just fine since Kasumi and Saya have already planned everything out.
Misaki: Ooh~... Such trust.
Arisa: It's nothing like that.
Arisa: It's like we're all third-years now, and they've all started trying out new things, so I'm just focusing on what I should be doing.
Misaki: ... I see.
Misaki: I have to say, you Poppin'Party guys really are a tight-knit bunch~. Like being apart doesn't stop you from being connected heart to heart.
Arisa: ...
Misaki: ... Wait, did that end up being kinda corny maybe...? A-ahaha...
Arisa: N-nah. I was just thinking about how impressive the words of a student council president can be. Not like the rest of us, no sir.
Misaki: Oh, come on~. Cut it out, will you? Forget what I said, alright?
Arisa: Ahaha. Be like this, and you'll do just fine during the assembly.
Misaki: Well, anyway, once post-assembly cleanup is out of the way, I'll come see you guys with Kokoro and the rest of the gang.
Arisa: Great, I'm sure Kasumi and everyone will like that. You won't be disappointed either. We'll make it an amazing show.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Arisa's Room]

Arisa: Sigh~... Before going to bed, I suppose I should review what's happening when so I can keep the ball rolling tomorrow.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Misaki: I have to say, you Poppin'Party guys really are a tight-knit bunch~. Like being apart doesn't stop you from being connected heart to heart.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Arisa: ... What an obvious thing to say...
