event220-01 Opening: Performing at a New Place!

Kasumi and Saya arrive at the basement with big news.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Purr, purr-purr...
Rimi & Arisa: ...
Rimi: Oh...! Purple-chan?
Arisa: Got it! It's Danjuro, right?!
Tae: Nuh-uh, neither. That was Shiroppi.
Rimi: Ngh~, this game of trying to guess which of your rabbits purrs a certain way is so hard~.
Arisa: Argh~, how the heck are we supposed to know anyway?! And how much longer do we have to keep playing? We've been at it for half an hour at least.
Tae: Until Kasumi and Saya arrive, of course. Alright, another round.
Arisa: We're still playing? You've gotta be kidding me~.
Kasumi: We're here, guys~!
Saya: Sorry, got held up at work.
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan, Saya-chan! How did booking the live house go?
Kasumi: Fu, fu, fu~... We finally have ourselves our first show at RiNG~!
Tae: Yay~!
Arisa: Oh~, about time. That place has been fully booked for, like, forever.
Kasumi: There happened to be a time slot available, so I talked to Ririko-san and got her to squeeze us in~♪
Saya: That was a serious stroke of good luck.
Tae: So, when's it going to be?
Kasumi: Next week Friday! Late afternoon!
Saya: Seeing as we don't have many days until the show, we should make sure we prepare properly.
Rimi: I can't wait to get up on stage~! That last concert there had such pretty lighting~!
Saya: They've got a huge variety of lights. It'll give us lots of options when it comes to staging too!
Kasumi: Hey, I've become a lighting expert, you know~? Right, Saya?
Saya: Well, you always are taking lots of notes and talking about how you want to apply your knowledge to our concerts.
Arisa: Sure~. I bet your notes are a complete mess like your school notebooks.
Kasumi: N-nuh-uh! I take proper notes, don't I, Saya~?
Saya: There, there, you sure do, Kasumi.
Arisa: Must be tough for you, Saya. She even able to make it to work on time in the morning and stuff? I am, like, so worried~.
Kasumi: Arisa, you meanie~. Keep saying things like that, and I'm not gonna trade you my Japanese fried chicken during lunch anymore. Is that what you want?
Arisa: Totally fine with me~. You're the one who ends up wanting my rolled omelets more often anyway. Well? It's going to be no more omelets for you.
Kasumi: Wah~! Saya~! Arisa's being mean to me~!
Saya: There, there. Hey, Arisa, if you're so worried about Kasumi, why not just work at RiNG with us?
Arisa: Uh, n-no thanks. Not like I have the time anyway, especially not with next week's student council student assembly coming up.
Rimi: Wait a minute... Isn't the assembly and our concert on the same day actually...?
Kasumi: Oops, you're right! Sorry, Arisa, wanna try to reschedule now?
Arisa: Nah. It took forever to finally get ourselves that slot.
Arisa: Besides, the show's from late afternoon anyway. I should be able to make it just fine as long as I head straight to RiNG after assembly cleanup.
Saya: But you also have to prepare for the assembly... You'll end up so busy until our show...
Arisa: Don't worry, I'll manage.
Kasumi & Saya & Rimi & Tae: ...
Tae: Alright then, let's all help Arisa out!
Kasumi: That's it, O-Tae! We just have to split the load!
Arisa: Y-you guys sure about this...?
Saya: Of course. Try leaning on us for us for once, especially given the situation.
Rimi: If there's anything that looks like something even we can handle, then we'll do it.
Tae: All of us together make up Poppin'Party, remember?
Arisa: You guys...! Thanks, seriously... You all are such lifesavers!
Kasumi: Alright then~! Let's do our best to prepare for our first show at RiNG and help out Arisa with her student council stuff~!
Poppin'Party: Yeah~!
Arisa: (Our first show at RiNG... I'm kinda, no, really excited...! I bet lots of people will be seeing us for the first time... This is a show that definitely deserves all my energy!)
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi! About the show's set list...
Kasumi: Mmm~! I so can't wait~! Hey, Saya, what do you think our flyers should be like?
Saya: That's something we should probably talk to Ririko-san about first since RiNG is the one who'll be letting us leave them there.
Kasumi: Right! Let me text her now then!
Arisa: ... H-hey, a little attention, maybe?!
Kasumi: Oh, sorry~! Got carried away~...! We do need to figure out a set list first, for sure!
Arisa: N-no kidding... Sheesh~.
Arisa: But, well, I guess we can decide what to do with our flyer first. Let's stick to our usual style and make it an awesome one!
Kasumi: Yeah!
