event220-03 Chapter 2: My Sparkle, Your Sparkle

On the way back from work, Tae's manager asks her a question.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba)

[Residential Area]

Tae: Thanks for teaching me all kinds of stuff again, boss.
Music Store Manager: And thank you for sticking around to help close the store. I'm so lucky you decided to work at my branch~.
Tae: Why did you want me though?
Music Store Manager: I figured a new store could use someone experienced. Plus, we get along, and you've managed part-timers, so I'm hoping I can shoulder you with more responsibilities.
Tae: Sure, my shoulders are ready for anything you throw my way.
Tae: Besides, I really enjoy getting to learn all these new ways of repairing a guitar from you.
Music Store Manager: Fufu, you grow more attached when you can repair an instrument with your own hands, don't you?
Music Store Manager: I gotta say, though, you've become quite a bit better at playing the guitar lately.
Tae: Oh? Can't say I've really noticed.
Music Store Manager: Well, you were playing a bit during repairs today, so I know for a fact that you've gotten better.
Tae: Fufu, great.
Music Store Manager: Are you aiming to go pro in the future?
Tae: Pro? Hmm, it's not something I've really thought about. I do want to be able to keep playing the guitar forever though.
Music Store Manager: Wait, seriously? That's such a shame, given your talent.
Tae: Plenty of people are more skilled than me though.
Music Store Manager: Skilled, yes, but you're able to express your own sound... Not many people can do that.
Music Store Manager: Maybe younger people these days just aren't interested in going pro.
Tae: I don't really know about that, but I do know that having a good time playing the guitar is what I enjoy the most.
Music Store Manager: Fufu, makes sense. Oh yeah, I bet you'd like to learn some more repair techniques. I'll show you how to restore a guitar next time!
Tae: You will?! Yay~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: Hello, hello~.
Saya: Ah, Moca, hi there!
Moca: Oh~, Saya~. Hm? Isn't your mom supposed to be working today?
Saya: Work at RiNG ended early, so I wanted to help out. I dunno why, but I really enjoy interacting with customers these days.
Moca: Ooh~, on a roll, I see~. So, how are things at RiNG going?
Saya: I love it, alright!
Saya: We sometimes get people who just started or joined a band, you see.
Saya: And thinking about how they're in store for all the smiles and tears that come with being in a band makes me want to give them a hand.
Moca: I see, I see. Part-time work at a live house seems to suit you then.
Saya: Fufu, thanks. Oh yeah, we're doing a show at RiNG this Friday, so come on over if you want!
Moca: Ooh~, wouldn't want to miss it~. I have to say, it looks like we certainly can't afford to do any slacking off~.
Saya: So, how's it going? For Afterglow.
Moca: All fired and up, obviously~. It's full throttle all day every day preparing for the GBT~.
Saya: Now that you're all third-years, sounds like you all are doing great too.
Moca: Yup. Whether it's the student council or clubs, everyone's got something to be into~. Oh, Hii-chan said she enjoys going to cram school because Rimi-rin's there~.
Saya: Rimi-rin said something similar about how she's glad she has someone to talk to about current favorite sweets.
Moca: Ah~, how touching it is to think that even Hii-chan has grown up so much that she's at the point where she's thinking about what to do after graduating~.
Saya: Ahaha, your situation isn't exactly different, Moca.
Moca: Truer words have never been said~. By the way, you want to go off to college, right?
Saya: Mm-hmm. The thing is, though, I looked into it, and it turns out there are all kinds of departments out there, so I'm not sure what to pick.
Saya: That said, I do eventually want to come to a decision on my own!
Moca: Ooh~, you're all sparkly and stuff~.
Moca: We sure are third-years, alright~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Phew, now that I've finished my cram school assignments, maybe I'll take a quick break...
Rimi: ... "High School Study Abroad..."
Rimi: Everyone has such great-looking smiles in all the pictures... And the sky and the sea look so pretty...
Rimi: "Your life is guaranteed to never be the same after this experience!" "Now is the time to take a giant step forward!"
Rimi: It really does seem nice...
Rimi: (If I do study abroad... I wonder what kind of me I'll become...)
