event220-02 Chapter 1: My Plans, Your Plans

The band helps Arisa with the assembly. Things seem to be going well, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Homeroom Teacher: ... Alright. Lastly, about special recommendation exams...
Homeroom Teacher: While there's still time before you have to submit applications, anyone interested should start thinking about what you want to do after you graduate.
Homeroom Teacher: Okay, that's it for homeroom.
Kasumi: Phew~! Another day finally out of the way~!
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi, you were sleeping during sixth period's modern Japanese, weren't you?
Kasumi: Huh? N-no, I wasn't~...
Arisa: Whatever. I heard the quiet snoring from behind me.
Saya: Fufu, well, you worked hard during lunch carrying all those folding pipe chairs for the student assembly.
Kasumi: I know, right? It's not my fault I became sleepy after doing all that work!
Arisa: ... Sheesh~, Saya. There you go spoiling Kasumi again~, and I bet being together in the same class won't help one bit.
Saya: Don't you think it feels so different to have the three of us chatting like this in the same classroom though?
Kasumi: Yeah! Picking a group for school trips and stuff will probably be really fun too!
Kasumi: And with our desks being so close, I can ask right away whenever I don't understand something in class!
Arisa: At least make an effort to do things on your own, will you?
Kasumi: I know, I know~. Oh, by the way, want me to help out after school again today?
Arisa: Seriously? In that case, there are survey results that need tallying...
Saya: Kasumi~? You haven't forgotten we have work today, have you~?
Kasumi: Oops, right! Sorry, Arisa, looks like I can't help today~.
Arisa: No problem. Good luck with work, guys.
Kasumi: Thanks! Alright, let's go, Saya!
(White cut)
Kasumi: Think there'll be lots of people today~?
Saya: There were quite a few reservations.
Kasumi: Really?! Alright then~, I'm so ready to work extra hard again~!
Arisa: ...
Rimi: Arisa-chan.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Oh, Rimi. You done with homeroom too?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. I'll help you with your student council work since I don't have to go to cram school today.
Arisa: Thanks. Hm? Where's O-Tae, by the way?
Rimi: She said she had work right after and ran off as soon as homeroom ended.
Arisa: I see... Guess I shouldn't be surprised everyone's busy...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Alright, the survey results have been tallied up...
Arisa: Thanks, Rimi. We've managed to make some seriously good progress thanks to you!
Rimi: I didn't do that much. Helping out with the very survey that gets passed around each year was actually kind of exciting.
Misaki: I know what you mean. Never thought I'd end up personally tallying up the results though...
Arisa: Ahaha. Hang in there, President.
Misaki: Right back at you, Ichigaya-san. We are in the same boat. Seriously, though, Rimi, thanks so much.
Misaki: Poppin'Party doing things like organizing papers from past assemblies and posting notices on message boards has really helped preparations go smoothly.
Rimi: N-no, we haven't done that much...
Misaki: You have though. The other officers really appreciate it too. Since it's the start of the year, we've been busy enough to be desperate for any help we can get.
Rimi: I see... But I'm actually a bit glad I've gotten to help out like this... because I love Hanasakigawa.
Misaki: Fufu, Toyama-san said the same thing. Seems you Poppin'Party types love this school a whole lot~.
Rimi: Mm-hmm. The toy collection box... Making the pamphlet... We have lots of memories of this school.
Arisa: You wouldn't think it, but there are a surprising number of events here as well.
Misaki: It does mean being in a band and being president makes it tough to find time to study though~... Makes me realize again just how amazing Rinko-senpai was.
Arisa: Tell me about it~. She even managed to juggle being in a professional band while studying for entrance exams. She really is something~...
Misaki: Exams, huh? With experience as the secretary and the vice president, I imagine you'll get the recommendations you need to apply to some pretty prestigious schools.
Arisa: Yeah~... Well, back when I first signed up for the student council, that kinda was what I was hoping would happen, but...
Arisa: Anyway, first things first. We've got midterms to deal with.
Misaki: True~. By the way, Rimi, you seem to be taking cram school seriously, so I'm guessing your scores will be pretty good.
Arisa: I wouldn't be surprised~. She's also been focusing on English a whole bunch ever since she went to see Yuri-senpai during spring break.
Rimi: Y-yes, I have been working on my English a lot lately. Besides listening and writing, I've even been doing a tiny bit to improve my conversation skills...
Arisa & Misaki: Whoa~...
Rimi: Part of that is the trip, of course... but I felt it would be good to start putting in some studying until exam week comes around.
Misaki: You sure are amazing~, Rimi... Although I guess I should start worrying about exams myself.
Arisa: Well, we have a student assembly staring us in the face, so I say we focus on it for now.
Misaki: Good point.
Rimi: Okay then, what can I do next to help?
Misaki: Uh, could you take this and...
Arisa: (I guess Rimi's working hard too...)
