event26-01 Opening: Christmas Plans

Christmas spirit is in the air downtown. Seems like Arisa has something she'd like to do...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Mmm~! That was an awesome practice session today~!
Kasumi: Ooh! Look~! Downtown is covered in Christmas decorations~♪
Rimi: Wow, you're right! It looks so nice~. It's funny how it was just the usual old Downtown area until today!
Saya: Seeing all these decorations makes you feel like Christmas is actually just around the corner, huh?
Tae: It'd be perfect if we could smell roast chicken right now.
Arisa: All you think about is food, O-Tae.
Saya: That reminds me, I think we're putting up Christmas decorations in our shop tomorrow.
Kasumi: Ooh! That sounds fun! Are you guys gonna have a Christmas tree too!?
Saya: Of course.
Kasumi: Hey~! I wanna help with the decorations!
Saya: Really?! We're super busy getting ready for Christmas at the moment, so that'd probably make my dad's day!
Arisa: It's pretty tough having a shop Downtown, huh~?  We've got it easy since Christmas isn't a thing for us.
Kasumi: Huh? You don't put any Christmas decorations up in the Ryuseido?
Arisa: We don't do anything over the top like that. We're just a pawn shop. Christmas isn't our thing.
Arisa: I mean, even if we did do something, at most it'd be like my grandma wearing a Santa hat or something.
Rimi: ... Huh? Does your grandma dress up as Santa, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Hell no! She doesn't dress up as anything! I was just saying that if she actually did...
Tae: What? You dress up as Santa then, Arisa?
Arisa: Are you even listening?! How did you even come to that conclusion?!
Kasumi: Oh, that's too bad~. If Arisa dressed up as Santa I'd totally cancel my party with Aa-chan just to see Arisa instead.
Saya: Me too! I'd find a way to slip out of work and go see her, no doubt about it.
Arisa: ... Huh? So... you're doing a Christmas party at home, Kasumi...?
Kasumi: Yeah! That's right! It's our customary Toyama family Christmas Party!
Arisa: O-ohh... right, I see... And Saya, you have to help out at your shop...
Saya: Yeah. Most people think that it's the cake shops that are busy at Christmas, but it gets surprisingly crazy at bakeries too.
Saya: The baguettes we make for Christmas always sell really well.  It starts getting busy first thing in the morning.
Rimi: Yeah, the baguettes from your shop are really good~. Crispy on the outside, but fluffy on the inside.
Rimi: Oh, I might place an order for some for our Christmas party too. They're just the best for sandwiches!
Tae: I like smoked salmon sandwiches. Nothing beats that flavor, you know?
Arisa: Could you not randomly get excited like this? No one's talking about that!
Arisa: ... But, uh, you're having a party at home too, Rimi?
Rimi: Yeah, that's the plan!
Arisa: Ohhh, r-right... What about you, O-Tae?
Tae: We're not doing anything. We'll eat something nice and have some cake, that's all.
Arisa: ... Right, otherwise known as a Christmas Party.
Arisa: ... Okay, sure. I see... argh~.
Kasumi: Hm? What's the matter, Arisa? You're being weird.
Arisa: Oh~, nah, it's nothing...
Arisa: ... I was just kinda thinking that we might be having a uh, Christmas party or something.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Wait, Arisa. Are you saying you want to have a Christmas party with us?!
Arisa: Th-that's not what I meant!
Kasumi: No way, that's totally what you were trying to say! Am I right, Saya?
Saya: Yeah... Arisa, you were practically begging just now.
Arisa: H-hey! I-I was not! If you guys are all busy that's fine! I'll just have a party with my grandma!
Kasumi: Okay! Since Arisa has made it really clear she wants to have a party, let's do something for Christmas together! C'mon guys, what do you say?!
Arisa: Hey! I did not say that!
Rimi: Sure! Arisa-chan saying something like that is so rare it makes me happy! We have to do something!
Arisa: Stop misunderstanding me!
Saya: I'm going to be busy at the shop, but I'll find a way to make time!
Tae: Oh! Wait a second. I just realized something.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Wh-what is it, O-Tae? Is something wrong?
Tae: Who's going to prepare the turkey and the roast beef?
Arisa: She's in full Christmas mode!
Kasumi: ... Oh, I know! If we're gonna do something special, why don't we do a Christmas show instead of a party!
Arisa: A-a show?!
Kasumi: How about it?! Don't you guys wanna play a Christmas show?!
Arisa: Hmm... I see. That's not a bad idea.
Saya: Fufufu... Normally you'd be like "what?! That's way too out of the blue!" ... But you're being open with us today, huh Arisa?
Arisa: O-oh, shut it!
Kasumi: Nice! So we're all okay with it then?! A Poppin' Party show to finish off the year! Let's do it, guys!
