event26-04 Chapter 3: Invitations to the Show

On the way home from rehearsal, the girls run into Roselia. What happens when they invite Roselia to the Christmas show...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Walking Home]

Kasumi: The songs we're going to play at the Christmas show are starting to sound pretty good~!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, do you think you were kinda getting ahead of yourself with B melody today?
Kasumi: I knew it! I always get so into it at that part of the song~.
Tae: If you just focus on my melody at that part, you should be able to keep in time.
Kasumi: Thanks, O-Tae~.
Saya: But overall we're sounding pretty good, right? Let's keep this up.
Arisa: Well~, I guess the rest just depends on how Kasumi shapes up.
Kasumi: Arisa~, don't put pressure on me~.
Kasumi: ... Wait, why are you here when we're going home from practice at your place, Arisa?
Arisa: I-I said I wanted to go for a walk! ... You got a problem with that?
Tae: You feel lonely being by yourself, don't you?
Arisa: Huh?! I so do not!
Saya: Fufu, O-Tae. You shouldn't hit the nail on the head like that.
Arisa: Th-that's totally not what it is!
Rimi: Hm? Hey, look... Isn't that...?
Kasumi: Ohh, it's Roselia! It looks like they're all there!
(Black cut)
Yukina: In that case, let's schedule our next rehearsal for this Saturday.
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai~! Hello!
Yukina: Oh, Toyama-san. Fancy meeting you here.
Kasumi: Not just me, the whole band is here~!
Saya: Oh, hello. Are you on your way home from a practice session for Roselia?
Sayo: Yes. I assume Poppin' Party also just had rehearsal as well?
Kasumi: That's right! We decided we're gonna do a Christmas show! Everyone's practicing extra hard for it!
Ako: What?! A Christmas show~?!
Kasumi: You bet! We talked to Marina-san about it, and we ended being able to use CiRCLE for the show!
Ako: That's so cool~! It sounds really fun!
Kasumi: You guys should come too! It's gonna be at CiRCLE at about...
Rimi: U-um, Kasumi-chan, you're getting a bit ahead of yourself again... It's Christmas we're talking about. Everyone might have plans already.
Yukina & Sayo: ...
Yukina: Christmas plans...
Sayo: Umm...
Lisa: C'mon guys! It's a special occasion♪ Why don't we all go together?
Lisa: You wanna go, don't you Ako?
Ako: Yeah, absolutely! Let's go together, Rin-rin!
Ako: ... Ahh, but I guess you don't like going to places like that, right?
Rinko: ... Y-yeah, it's a little... scary, but... if everyone is going... I think I'll be okay...
Kasumi: Okay, then we're doing it! Make sure to come as a group you guys! It's Christmas! We're gonna have so much fun!
Kasumi: We're going to have a Christmas party after the show, so feel free to stick around for that as well!
Lisa: Ooh, you guys are having a party too! In that case, I might have to hit the kitchen and make some food for us~♪
Tae: Oh... the person I've been waiting for. Please make roast beef and a turkey.
Arisa: O-Tae... has that really been on your mind this whole time?!
Tae: But it's important...
Lisa: Ahaha! Sure thing! I can't guarantee how good it'll be, but I'll do it♪
Ako: Anything you cook is gonna be super delicious, Lisa-nee~! Oh! Is it okay if I invite my sister?!
Kasumi: Yeah! Of course! I'll contact the other girls from Afterglow!
Lisa: Ooh! In that case, why don't you bring Hina with you, Sayo?!
Sayo: ... What? Are you suggesting Hina and I go to the party together...?
Lisa: Why not? I'm sure it'll make her day if you're the one to invite her♪
Sayo: Th-that's true... I shall consider it...
Kasumi: We'll be waiting for you guys! Mmm~, now that Roselia is gonna be there, we're gonna have to practice even harder!
Yukina: Well then, Toyama-san. We look forward to your Christmas show.
Kasumi: Great~!
Kasumi: This is gonna be so much fun! Okay, I'm gonna invite all the other bands too!
Saya: Nice idea! It's a Christmas party, after all. Let's have a whole lot of fun with everyone!
Rimi: I agree! It wasn't just our own actions that made it possible for us to use CiRCLE, right?
Tae: It was everyone who was at the Girls Band Party.
Kasumi: Yeah! That's right! Okay, I'm gonna start writing my text right now! Umm... hmm... yeah, this should do...!
Kasumi: Hey, Arisa! Is this okay to send?!
Arisa: ... Not bad, all things considered.
Kasumi: Yes! I got the Arisa seal of approval! Ehehe...! This is so exciting! Do you think everyone will come?!
Saya: Don't worry, I'm sure they will!
Kasumi: Okay! Everyone who was at the Girls Band Party... One big text coming your way!
