event26-02 Chapter 1: A Secret Phone Call

On the spur of the moment, the girls decide to have a Christmas show. They can't seem to find a place to perform, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Fast Food Store]

Arisa: Hey, Kasumi. Where do you plan on having the Christmas show? Have you been thinking about it?
Kasumi: Oh! I hadn't even thought about it! Where do you guys think we should do it?
Saya: A safe option would be at school... I guess.
Rimi: I kind of think it might be hard to use the school though... It's not going to be a formal event, after all.
Tae: Then how about doing it Downtown?
Arisa: That's going to be even more difficult than the school, you know? We'd have to get permission and stuff from all kinds of places.
Rimi: That's true... This was kind of sudden, so it might be hard to find a place we can use.
Kasumi: Oh! I've got it! Why don't we talk to Kokoron about this?!
Kasumi: She's got those people in the black suits! Don't you think they'd be able to work something out for us?!
Arisa: That's true that they probably could sort it all out, but... are you really okay with that?
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Arisa: It's our Christmas show, you know? Are you gonna be happy with making it happen because we asked some mysterious super power to pull some strings for us?
Kasumi: When you put it that way, it sounds like a really bad idea...
Arisa: Right?! I'm telling you we've gotta do this on our own.
Rimi: Fufu. Arisa-chan, you're really getting into this.
Arisa: I-I am not! I didn't have any choice, Kasumi was being ridiculous!
Kasumi: Sorry~, my bad.
Saya: Okay, why don't we go to CiRCLE then?
Arisa: Don't bother. CiRCLE already has bookings for Christmas.
Kasumi: Whaaat?! Really?!
Arisa: Duh! People make bookings for Christmas shows like one year in advance.
Kasumi: Ahh, so that's not gonna work either... Saya, CiRCLE's a no go~...
Saya: I'm not expecting that we'll actually be able to use CiRCLE. I just think we should go there to talk to Marina-san.
Kasumi: What about?
Saya: I'm pretty sure Marina-san knows stuff about other live houses too, and I think she'll help us come up with better ideas that what we'd find on our own.
Kasumi: Oh! Right! That's a good point! I'm down!
Rimi: We did all that stuff for the Girls Band Party with Marina-san, so it'll be easy to talk to her about it.
Tae: I agree. This is a good idea.
Arisa: Well, I guess there's no point in just standing around wondering. Let's do as Saya says and try hitting CiRCLE.
Kasumi: Yeah! Okay, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Counter]

Kasumi: Hello! Marina-san, are you there~?
Marina: Oh, Kasumi-chan. Hello. You've got the whole band with you today. You guys really are great friends~.
Marina: So what can I do for you today?
Kasumi: Umm, there was something we wanted to ask you about...
Marina: I don't suppose that something is about... performing on Christmas day?
Kasumi: ... Huh? H-how'd you know?!
Marina: Actually, I got a call from someone yesterday asking about if they could perform here on Christmas. I thought this might've been about that.
Marina: ... Am I right, Arisa-chan? It was you who called me yesterday, wasn't it?
Kasumi: Huh? Arisa?! Did you call CiRCLE for us?!
Arisa: H-huh!? H-hey, Marina-san, what are you talking about...?! I-I... didn't make any phone calls!
Marina: Huh? R-really?!
Arisa: Oh, come on, Marina-san~. Aha, ahahaha... You know I'd never call you about something like that~, aha...
Marina: O-oh, sorry... The voice really sounded like yours, so I just assumed it was you.
Marina: Anyway, I told the girl who called yesterday that bookings for Christmas day fill up over one year in advance...
Kasumi: Oh... we thought you'd say that... Arisa was right.
Marina: But after getting that call, I decided to talk to the owner and see if we couldn't make use of an opening in the afternoon.
Kasumi: ... Huh? There's an opening in the afternoon?!
Marina: And the owner gave us the go ahead. She said you can use the place however you like, as long as it's for a mini show. For free of course too, since you've been a great help around here.
Kasumi: R-really?! Amazing! Th-this is amazing!
Saya: We have no problems with performing in the afternoon, right guys?
Rimi: None! Actually, if we're going to have a Christmas party after the show, the afternoon is perfect for us, right?
Tae: We did it, Kasumi! being able to do a Christmas show at CiRCLE is awesome!
Kasumi: Thank you so much, Marina-san! Oh, please thank the owner for us as well!
Marina: Okay, I'll be sure to tell her. You should probably thank the mystery girl who called us as well, right?
Kasumi: Oh! Yeah, you're right! I wonder who it was! Do you have any idea, Arisa? She sounds like you, so...
Arisa: Who knows...? I bet there's a lot of people with similar voices...!
Kasumi: Ahh, now that you mention it, I guess that's a good point. ... Thank you~, person who sounds like Arisa~! ... Okay, I thanked her.
Kasumi: Well, it's decided! We're doing a Christmas show at CiRCLE! It's a special day, so we have to make it the best show ever!
Rimi & Tae: Yeah~!
Saya: ... Fufufu, thanks, Arisa.
Arisa: Huh? Wh-what are you talking about?!
Saya: Nothing, I just wanted to say thanks. Don't mind me.
Arisa: I have no idea what you're talking about!
