event26-03 Chapter 2: The Game Plan

The girls discuss their plans for the performance, but they seem to be getting farther and farther from the topic at hand...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Okay, everyone's here! Let's start discussing our game plan!
Arisa: Uhh, Kasumi...? What do you mean by... game plan?
Kasumi: What else? We need a game plan to make our Christmas show the funnest show it can be.
Arisa: You can't just call anything a game plan, you know?
Kasumi: But I think we do need some kinda game plan to make the show more fun! Does anyone have any ideas~?
Saya: Umm... Since it's a Christmas show, how about we all wear Santa outfits?
Kasumi: Ooh! That sounds fun!
Arisa: Gah! As if I could go and do something embarrassing like that!
Rimi: True... I think it is kind of embarrassing too...
Kasumi: In that case, would a reindeer suit be okay?!
Arisa: Are you stupid!? That's even more embarrassing!
Tae: What about... a rabbit?
Arisa: What happened to Christmas?! You guys are going totally off course!
Kasumi: Arisa~, less complaints and more ideas~!
Kasumi: What would you be happy to dress up as, Arisa?
Arisa: Why is this turning into a cosplay event?!
Saya: Ahahaha... Arisa's on the ball today.
Arisa: Huh? In what way?
Saya: I mean that you just do a really good of making conversation more exciting.
Arisa: Could you not put it like that?! It's embarrassing! It's just called keeping it real!
Rimi: I think it's really amazing though. Most people can't come up with so many things to say.
Kasumi: Yeah! I totally agree!
Rimi: It's amazing how she can do it in a split second like that, isn't it? Arisa-chan's brain must work so fast~.
Tae: I mean, I don't even understand what she's talking about half the time.
Arisa: Whaddya mean, half the time?! That's a pretty shocking revelation to just casually put out there!
Tae: ... Ehe.
Rimi: See, that kind of thing. You're amazing...
Arisa: Q-quit it! Stop praising every little thing I do! It's embarrassing!
Rimi: I thought this ever since we had the sakura party.
Saya: Arisa was really amazing that day huh~.
Kasumi: She was so quiet in the beginning, and then suddenly she was in her element!
Arisa: You guys... could you stop talking about that~? Just gimme a break...
Kasumi: But you know! All the first year girls became better friends after that, don't you think?!
Saya: Yeah, without a doubt! Arisa made that sakura party so much fun!
Kasumi: You made a lot of new friends too, right Arisa?
Arisa: Y-yeah... I guess so... More like acquaintances than friends though.
Kasumi: There's she goes again, being all shy~.
Kasumi: We're all looking forward to another feisty round of you keeping it real at Christmas too, Arisa~♪
Saya: ... Oh, that's right! That's what we have to talk about!
Kasumi: ... Huh?
Saya: The whole reason we came here today was to discuss our Christmas show, right?
Kasumi: Oh, yeah! I totally forgot about it!
Rimi: Ahaha... We always get distracted like this.
Kasumi: But what can we do about it?  Arisa is just so funny!
Arisa: No matter how you think about it, there is no possible way it's my fault!
Kasumi: Okay! Let's gets back on track and try this again from the beginning! Can you do that, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yeah, of course.
Kasumi: O-Tae, you know what we're talking about now, right?
Tae: How to make our Christmas show more fun, right? Don't worry.
Kasumi: Arisa, try not to get off track!
Arisa: I'm telling you, it's not my fault...
Kasumi: Okay, let's try this again... It's time to discuss the big game plan for our Christmas show!
Arisa: Now it's a big game plan?!
