event26-05 Chapter 4: A Lot of Friends

After receiving support from many friends regarding the performance, Arisa thinks of an idea...!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Okay, there's just two days left until our Christmas show! Not much longer, guys! Let's keep working hard for this!
Saya: Yeah! Hey I told my dad about the party, and he said he'd make sandwiches for us!
Kasumi: Your dad's the best, Saya!
Tae: ... What? Is he going to make smoked salmon sandwiches too?
Saya: He sure will! Oh, and some chocolate cornets too!
Rimi: Yay~!
Hagumi: Ah! Kaa-kun! Thanks for the text yesterday! I'm totally gonna go see your Christmas show~!
Kasumi: Hagu~! Thanks! Hagu was the first one to respond last night, you guys!
Saya: She sure was quick. She responded the moment you sent the text.
Hagumi: I mean, it just sounds super fun! Is there anything I can do to help out? Just say the word!
Kasumi: Oh! What about Kokoron? She only responded with a flower stamp, but does that mean she's coming?
Hagumi: Yeah, Kokoron said she'll be there!
Kasumi: Oh, I'm glad to hear it~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Corridor]

Arisa: ... Urgh. Kasumi is practically bouncing around the room today. I can totally hear her voice from my classroom...
Arisa: (Kinda makes it hard to go in there when they're all excited like that...)
Arisa: (Whoa, someone else is talking to her now... How does she have so many friends...?)
Eve: Oh! Arisa-san!
Arisa: Uh... Eve. Aya-senpai and Shirasagi-senpai are with you too...
Eve: Why are you peaking into the classroom...? Do you need to talk to Kasumi-san? I can get her for you if you like.
Arisa: N-no! It's okay, everything's fine! Don't mind me!
Aya: By the way, Arisa-chan! I got the text from Kasumi-chan yesterday! We won't be able to make it, but I hope you guys have fun♪
Arisa: ... Huh? You can't make it?
Chisato: It's not just her. Pastel＊Palettes has work that day.
Arisa: Ahh, okay... I guess that can't be helped. I'll let Kasumi and the others know.
Aya: *sigh* I wanted to have fun with everyone~. I really wish we could make it~.
Eve: Aww~, I regret that we can't go...
Chisato: Listen... As an idol, having work on Christmas day is something we should all be most grateful for.
Chisato: I'm not entirely certain we should be regretting the fact that we cannot go to the Christmas show.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan... Yeah, you're right.
Chisato: Let's work just as hard as Poppin' Party will with their Christmas show.
Aya: Yeah! Of course!
Eve: I-I'm sorry, Chisato-san! That was a shameful thing for a warrior to say!
Chisato: Fufu. I think you mean as an idol, not a warrior. Well, Arisa-chan. I hope your Christmas show goes well.
Arisa: Th-thank you!
Arisa: ...
Arisa: (Oh man~... Shirasagi-senpai can be hard to read, but she's still amazing...)
Misaki: ... Ahh, I see. I guess that's the professional mentality thing...
Arisa: O-Okusawa-san?!
Misaki: Shirasagi-senpai is amazing huh~. Is it the whole pro thing? I'm always impressed.
Misaki: She can be kind of hard to read at times, but I don't think she's a bad person...
Arisa: W-were you... listening just now?
Misaki: Yeah, kinda. From about half way.
Misaki: I thought you might be thinking the same thing as me, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: W-well... I guess I was thinking the exact same thing, but like... can't you make an appearance like a normal person? Appearing outta the shadows like that is creepy!
Misaki: Sorry, my bad. You were already here, so I couldn't help it.
Misaki: Oh, by the way, I had something to tell you. Kaoru-san seems very motivated to see your Christmas show. I'm going to tag along too.
Arisa: Haha... I should've expected they'd be coming...
Misaki: Okay, I'm gonna get going... I'm guessing it's going to be a bit crazy, but... hang in there, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: ... Y-yeah, sure... I will. Thanks...
Arisa: ... I've made more friends too... I guess...
Kasumi: Oh! Arisa?!
Arisa: Gah...! K-Kasumi... Don't you appear suddenly like that either!
Kasumi: What are you doing out here? Just come into the classroom.
Arisa: ... Uh, Kasumi.
Arisa: We're gonna nail this show!
Kasumi: ... A-Arisa? ... Where'd that come from? You never say stuff like that...
Kasumi: Do you have a fever? Are you getting enough sleep?! You didn't eat something strange, did you?!
Arisa: I don't have a fever, I sleep well, and I haven't eaten anything remotely strange thank you very much!
Kasumi: Then what's the matter? You're not the usual old Arisa, so I'm starting to get worried.
Arisa: (There's no way in hell I can tell her I'm happy that so many people... no, friends,  are supporting us with this Christmas show thing...)
Arisa: (... Hm? ... Friends?)
Arisa: ... Ah! Th-that's it!
Arisa: Kasumi! I just thought of something incredibly good! Come here for a second!
Kasumi: Wh-what is it now?! There's definitely something wrong with you, Arisa~.
