event173-01 Opening: Unexpected Request

Himari visits Hazawa Coffee, but it seems Tsugumi has a problem...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Thank you for waiting. Here's the Earl Grey tea you ordered.
Chisato: Thank you, Tsukushi-chan. This looks like it should warm me up just perfectly. It was pretty cold outside.
Tsukushi: I'll leave the milk and sugar here~.
Chisato: Fufu, you certainly look like you've gotten the hang of work.
Tsukushi: I do?! Thank you very much!
Chisato: That was... energetic... You might want to consider bowing a little more gently.
Tsukushi: I-I'm very sorry!
Tsugumi: Ah, Tsukushi-chan! Could you go clear that table over there when you can?
Tsukushi: Of course! I'll take care of it! Please enjoy your stay, Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: Fufu, it seems you have yourself quite the dependable part-time help.
Tsugumi: She's a pure ball of energy, isn't she? But we are a café, so I hope she learns to temper some of that enthusiasm a bit.
Tsugumi: Just earlier, the woman who runs the fish shop was even trying to recruit her... Fufu.
Chisato: It might not be that bad of a fit for her.
Tsukushi: I don't have any plans of working there~! Ah, by the way, what do you intend to do about her request? You know, about the singing contest host...
Tsugumi: Hmm~, yes...
Chisato: Is there a problem?
Tsugumi: Not quite... Well, I know this has nothing to do with you, but basically...
(Black cut)
Chisato: So she's looking for someone to be the host for the downtown New Year's singing contest...
Tsugumi: The girl at the dry cleaner who does it every year isn't available because something came up suddenly...
Chisato: I see... You don't have any interest in volunteering, Tsukushi-chan? I think your enthusiasm makes you a perfect fit.
Tsukushi: Me?!
Tsugumi: The thought also crossed my mind, but we've been asked to help out backstage on the day of the contest.
Chisato: Oh. That would make things difficult.
Tsugumi: A lot of people apparently signed up for the contest, and everyone's probably really looking forward to it too...
Chisato: I wish I could help, but something like this would have to go through the agency... I'm very sorry.
Tsugumi: Oh, it's okay! I'm sorry I just sprung it on you.
Tsugumi: I'm trying to think if there's anybody that could be approached...
Himari: Tsugu~! Tsukushi-chan~! Heya~! I'm here for the limited-time special dessert~!
Himari: Ah, Chisato-san! I didn't know you were here too!
Chisato: Fufu. Hello, Himari-chan.
Himari: Hello~♪ So, what've you three been talking about? Ah, wait! Is it the new additions to the menu?!
Tsugumi: N-no. We were talking about the New Year's singing contest. You see...
(Black cut)
Himari: Hmm~. It's the one they do every year, isn't it? And they need an emcee, huh~?
Tsukushi: Being a host seems like something that would be very difficult. Whoever does it would have to be good at facilitating conversations...
Chisato: That's certainly important, but I would say what's even more essential is the ability to create an exciting and fun atmosphere.
Tsukushi: The woman from the fish shop did say something along those lines.
Tsukushi: They want someone cheerful who would look like they're enjoying it... Someone that can fill you with energy just by watching them...
Tsugumi: She also said it should be someone who smiles a lot...
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I think I figured out who might be a good fit...
Chisato: Fufu, I just did too... Himari-chan, why don't you try being the host?
Himari: Huh? What~?! Me?!
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm! You're always suggesting fun things for us to try out as a band!
Tsukushi: And you're also a bandleader, so you have plenty of experience as a facilitator.
Chisato: Those are both good points, but your ability to brighten the mood is what made me think you would be perfect.
Tsugumi: Most importantly though, when you smile, it always makes me feel like I'm having a good time!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, do you think you could do it? It would mean a lot for everyone downtown!
Himari: ...
Himari: When you put it that way, Tsugu, there's no way I can say no now, is there? Okay~... I'll do it! I'll be the emcee!
Tsugumi: Wow, thanks~! With you as the host, I just know it's going to be a great contest!
Himari: Alright then~! I'm going to do my absolute best!
Himari: ... But Chisato-san, could I ask for a small favor...?
Chisato: A favor? What is it?
Himari: Please teach me the secret to being an emcee!
Chisato: ... Um, the secret...?
Himari: I mean, you sometimes host All Fun and Games, right? You're so sophisticated, and I want to be able to emcee like you...!
Chisato: W-well... We do have a script, so I'm not sure there's a whole lot I'd be able to teach you...
Himari: But there has to be something, right~? Think of it as helping out a poor underclassman in need...!
Chisato: Sigh~... I suppose I have gotten myself quite involved already. I'll see what I can do.
Himari: Yay~! With your help, everything's going to be a piece of cake! Hehe~, my success is all but guaranteed!
Himari: Now that I have nothing to worry about, I feel so hungry! The cake's tempting, but I think I'll have the sweet bean porridge♪ Would you also like some, Chisato-san?
Chisato: N-no, thank you though...
Himari: Alright~! I'm going to nail this emcee thing~! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Chisato: I-I wonder if everything's going to be okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
