event173-06 Chapter 5: Contest on Fire

The contest goes well thanks to Himari, but Chisato gets up from her seat...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Downtown - Concert Stage]

Himari: T-talk about a surprise guest! But at least we all had fun singing together, right~?
Himari: Michelle, Marie, Kokoro, and all of you out there in the audience who sang along... Thank you!
Chisato: (That took some help from Michelle and Marie, but she managed somehow...!)
Himari: Now then, let's keep the ball rolling~! Ah, our next-
Kaoru: Happy New Year, my little kittens!
Tomoe: Hope you're all ready for some real excitement!
Audience: Squeal~!
Rimi: ... How fleeting.
Saya: Are you okay, Rimi-rin...? Your face is all red!
Kaoru: Fufu. My little kittens, the time has come to unveil this song that will surely satisfy your desires...
Tomoe: Thanks for the cheers and the opportunity to show you all what we've been working real hard on! Enjoy!
Himari: They're so gorgeous...!
Chisato: (Now isn't the time to be dreamy, Himari-chan! You need to keep the show moving, or there won't be enough time!)
Tomoe: The old downtown folks have really been digging your song intros, Himari. You've got one for us too, right?
Himari: Ah! O-oh, yeah...!
Himari: School princes by day, dependable musicians by night... Feast your eyes on this captivating duet! They'll express their fleeting, passionate feelings for you through song!
(Black cut)
Himari: Thank you, both of you! That was a wonderful, wonderful, wonderful performance!
Audience Member: Same goes for you~! You're doing great as host~! Keep it up~!
Himari: Th-thank you for your kind words~!
Chisato: (It's just as Tomoe-chan said. The audience reacts really well during Himari-chan's song introductions...)
Chisato: (If I had to describe it, it's like relaxing at home. This isn't the kind of atmosphere that I would be able to create as a host...)
Himari: Now then, here's our next contestant!
Ran's Dad: ... Hello.
Himari: Can you believe this~?! Please welcome the head of the Mitake School of Flowers, who happens to be Ran's father, and his students!
Himari: Are you feeling nervous? It'll be okay! Just relax~♪ You want to put on an amazing performance for your daughter, don't you?
Ran's Dad: Hrm... Y-yes, I suppose...
Chisato: (Fufu, look at her now. She was so nervous before the contest, but now she's the one helping people relax. I can tell how much she's enjoying being the host.)
Ran: I couldn't stop him...
Moca: You don't really mean that, do you~? I surmise that a part of you actually wants to root for him~.
Ran: Huh?! No way! Of course not!
Moca: Fu, fu, fu~.You cannot hide the truth from my eyes so easily~.
Himari: With his daughter's support, he blooms on stage! Steady as a peony, gorgeous as a moth orchid, together with his students, he sings with strength and elegance!
(Black cut)
Himari: Did you feel the love a father has for his daughter? I'm sure that performance earned him his daughter's "Not bad."
Ran: Himari... That was so not me...
Kanon: Ran-chan's father was amazing, wasn't he?
Chisato: Fufu, and so were the flower arranging performances by the students.
Himari: It's now time for our final contestant, a little girl who loves idols and dreams of becoming one herself someday!
Little Girl: I-I love P-Pastel＊Palettes, and I practice singing and dancing every day~! Th-thank you for letting me be here!
Himari: Do you have a favorite Pastel＊Palettes member?
Little Girl: Um~, everyone! But my favorite, favorite is Chisato-chan!
Kanon: Fufu, that's so cute.
Little Girl: I want to become like her!
Himari: Wow, what a nice dream! Thank you for sharing it with us! I hope you can give your best performance today~!
Himari: A small girl with a heart full of big dreams! Her love of Pastel＊Palettes, unstoppable! Are you ready to clap~? Let us witness this future idol's first performance♪
Chisato: ...
Kanon: Chisato-chan...? Where are you going?
Chisato: Fufu, there's something I need to take care of...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Himari: Thank you for agreeing to this, Chisato-san!
Chisato: No problem.
(White cut)
(Background change)
