event173-03 Chapter 2: Interview Time

Himari goes to interview the contestants, but all of them are rather colorful.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Shopping Mall - Karaoke Box]

Himari: Sorry for suddenly showing up in the middle of practice~.
Ako: It's okay! We already have our contest song down perfectly, so we were just singing some other ones!
LOCK (Rokka): Um, I'm a bit confused... What exactly is this interview about?
Ako: My sister told me Hii-chan's going to be the emcee for the singing contest! That's what this is for, right?
Himari: Yeah, exactly! Chisato-san told me interviewing the contestants would help me do a good job when I'm up there...
LOCK (Rokka): I see! So that's why you're also here too, Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: I couldn't say no when Himari-chan asked...
Himari: Anyway, is it alright if I begin the interview? Let's start with... you, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: ...?! O-okay...
Himari: What made you decide to sign up for the contest?
Mashiro: W-well... I... I actually said I didn't really want to... but LOCK-chan insisted, so...
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, I didn't! I only applied because you said it looked interesting...
Mashiro: I meant it might be interesting for us to go see together... I didn't say I wanted to be in it...
LOCK (Rokka): O-oh, really...? But the way the conversation was going, I just thought-
Ako: Stop it~! Time out, both of you! Does it really matter who said what?
Ako: At least for me, getting to be in the contest with these two has been super fun because we've been able to do karaoke and even practice dancing together for our song!
Himari: Oh~, you're also going to dance, huh? I can't wait to see what it's going to be like~!
Mashiro: We're only doing it because LOCK-chan said she wanted to...
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, I only suggested it because you said Kasumi-san might include a dance...
Ako: Guys~! Stop it already~! What's going on? You usually get along so well too!
Chisato: Fufufu. That was a very valuable piece of information, don't you think, Himari-chan?
Himari: ... Sorry?
Chisato: To me, it shows that entering the contest has brought them closer together.
Chisato: Information like that is something you should be able to take advantage of as the host.
Himari: Th-that's a very good point! It'd be a great conversation starter during the contest too!
Himari: I think I'm starting to get this!
Himari: Thanks, you three! I have a better idea now of how to emcee~!
Himari: Can't wait to see what all of you will do at the contest! Good luck!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence]

Himari: Here's our next stop!
Chisato: Isn't this... Arisa-chan's house?
Himari: Yes! Kasumi and Arisa are supposed to be practicing here, so I asked if I could interview them!
Chisato: They're in the singing contest too?
Himari: Mm-hmm! All the current contestants are on this list I received, and I made sure to memorize the whole thing since I'm the emcee♪
Himari: And I've never done interviews like these before, so I thought it'd be best to start with the people I already know, like Mashiro-chan and Kasumi.
Chisato: That's understandable. After all, it's important to get used to things. Anyway, let's go then, shall we?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Himari-chan, it feels so strange to have you and Chisato-senpai down here...
Himari: I know, right~? I feel like I'm infiltrating Poppin'Party's lair.
Arisa: Er, lair...?
Chisato: This is my first time here as well, but I have to say it's very nice. I imagine it's quite useful for practicing.
Kasumi: If you'd like, Pastel＊Palettes is welcome to use this place too! Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Why are you the one giving permission?!
Arisa: So, what exactly is this all about? Kasumi kind of explained, but I'm still a bit confused...
Himari: Well, I'm the emcee for the singing contest, so I'm going around today interviewing the contestants!
Arisa: Interesting~. You're emceeing, huh?
Himari: Yeah. So, do you mind if we get down to business? What made you two decide to participate in the contest?
Kasumi: What gave us the idea was this flyer I got downtown~. Right, Arisa?
Arisa: No, no. I wasn't the one who got the idea. As if I'd ever wanna be in something like a singing contest...
Chisato: That makes sense. I was a little surprised since you don't seem like the type to be in this kind of event, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: It definitely wasn't my idea! While I was working in the student council room, Kasumi just somehow got the wrong idea and went ahead with it...
Kasumi: That's totally not how it happened~. I asked you if you wanted to sing together, and you were all like, "Sure~, why not?"
Arisa: I thought you were talking about karaoke or something! How was I supposed to know it was a singing contest of all things?!
Kasumi: I showed you the flyer too~.
Arisa: I was in the middle of student council work! What makes you think I was able to get a proper look~?!
Himari: Sounds like a lot happened... Anyway, what do you plan on singing for the contest?
Kasumi: Well, there's this song we practiced at karaoke the other day, and we're thinking that one maybe~.
Arisa: Huh? That's not what you said yesterday. Didn't you say we were going with the one we sang in front of everyone when we were practicing in the basement?
Kasumi: Seriously~? I said that?
Arisa: You totally did!
Kasumi: Okay, then I take it back! Let's do the karaoke song! You're going to love our duet♪
Himari: Everyone in Poppin'Party always gets along so well, and you two just showed it... That was some great chemistry...
Chisato: Th-that's how it appeared to you...?
(Black cut)
