event173-05 Chapter 4: The Contest Begins!

The contest begins. How does Himari's emceeing appear to Chisato...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rokka Asahi)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Himari: Oh boy, the big moment's finally here~. I hope I can keep things going smoothly~. I'm used to concert anxiety, but this...
Himari: What if I stutter...? What if people are bored?! Ah~, I'm so worried~.
Chisato: Calm down, Himari-chan. Try taking deep breaths while opening and closing your hands.
Himari: Inhale~... Exhale~... Inhale~... Exhale~...
Himari: ... Like this?
Chisato: Well? Do you feel more relaxed now?
Himari: Ah... I do. I don't feel so nervous anymore.
Chisato: You've interviewed the contestants and prepared a lot for this day. I'm sure you'll do just fine. Believe in yourself.
Himari: Chisato-san... You're so nice...!
Himari: ... And yes, you're right! I'll be okay. I can do this! I took your advice and watched a ton of videos, so there's no reason this shouldn't go well!
Himari: I'm going to do everything I can to make this a fantastic singing contest that goes down in downtown history!
Chisato: Fufu, I'll be with the audience and wishing you the best.
Himari: O-oh, about that! I have a bit of a request actually...
Chisato: A request?
Himari: I'm not sure it's okay to ask you this, but...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Concert Stage]

Himari: Happy New Year, everyone~! I'm Himari Uehara, and I'll be your host! Do you know why I'm here today? I'm here to listen to all your wonderful singing!
Himari: The downtown singing contest is finally about to begin! Let's get those voices and bells echoing throughout the venue~!
Kanon: You must be so excited, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: Yes, th-that's certainly one way of putting it.
Chisato: (She's off to a good start. That energetic introduction likely gave the audience a good impression.)
Himari: But before we get started, I'd like to introduce one of our downtown shops! Take a look at this sweet bean porridge! Doesn't it look like an absolute delight~?
Himari: The sweet unmashed beans are perfect for the cold winter... And it even goes great with the shop's cakes!
Chisato: (She forgot to mention the shop!)
Himari: Ah! Um, as for the shop that serves this sweet bean porridge, that would be Hazawa Coffee~!
Himari: It may be a coffee place, but their tea's great too! Actually, that goes for all their offerings! I always wish I could order everything on their menu... Ehehehe♪
Chisato: (Even after that small blunder, I can tell the atmosphere is getting better and better...! Keep it up!)
Chisato: (... This reminds me of when Aya-chan first started doing variety shows. Fufu.)
Himari: Alright, it looks like our first contestants are ready! Let's give them a warm welcome!
Ako: I, Ako Udagawa, have risen forth from the dark depths of the abyss! Hi, everyone~!
LOCK (Rokka): M-m-m-my name is R-Rokka Asahi! I-I-I'll do my b-best to sing!
Mashiro: I-I'm Mashiro Kurata...
Toko: Shiro~! Show everyone your stuff~! The Morfonica cheering squad's ready to cheer for you~!
Mashiro: Ah?! Toko-chan?! Everyone?!
Nanami: I so can't wait to hear your lovely singing~♪
Rui: I still find it hard to believe that you are participating in this event...
Tsukushi: You'll be just fine, Mashiro-chan! You can do it!
Mashiro: O-oh great... Please stop... This is so embarrassing~...
Himari: Alright, I think it's about time we let our contestants sing~!
Himari: Their schools may be apart, but their hearts are together, brought closer by practicing for this contest. Let the New Year's hymn by the three pure maidens echo in harmony!
Chisato: (That was... interesting... It sounded like an enka music introduction...)
(Black cut)
Himari: Thank you very much! What an adorable trio we had the pleasure of listening to☆ Our next contestants are a duo!
Kasumi: Happy New Year~! I'm Kasumi Toyama! We're so happy to be here♪ We'll be singing a song that'll give you sparkling, heart-thumping feelings~!
Arisa: I-I'll do my best.
Kasumi: Arisa~, you don't need to be so nervous~! We practiced so much! It's going to be fine~! This is exactly the same as our usual concerts~☆
Arisa: It's totally not...
Tae: Kasumi~! Arisa~! Good luck~!
Arisa: K-keep it down, will you?!
Rimi: I'm so excited, Arisa-chan~!
Saya: My whole family's rooting for you two~!
Kasumi: Wow~! Thanks, guys~!
Himari: Just look at how energized our contestants are after those warm cheers!
Himari: Same class, same band, two hearts beating as one. The sparkling, heart-thumping feelings they bring, a perfect way to start the year! Hear the melody of their hearts!
Chisato: (Sh-she's doing it again... I feel like I'm watching an old music TV show... Did Himari-chan use what I think she did as a video reference...?)
(Black cut)
Himari: Thank you for that wonderful duet! I wish I could listen to it forever~...! Hm?
Himari: It looks like our special guests have arrived! It's everyone's favorite... Michelle and Marie!
Marie: We've come to see all of you~!
Michelle (Misaki): Hi~.
Mashiro: M-Michelle-san?! And Marie-san too...?! How is something so amazing even possible~?!
Kokoro: Mmm~, this looks like so much fun! Michelle, Marie, I wanna sing with both of you!
Himari: K-Kokoro?!
Chisato: (How is she going to deal with this unexpected turn of events?! She'll need all her skills as a host! Don't give up, Himari-chan...!)
Himari: ... I-I know! I bet it'll be so much fun to sing together☆ Alright~! I'm going to sing too♪ Start the music~!
(White cut)
