event173-02 Chapter 1: Learning the Secret of Emceeing!

Excited to host the contest, Himari tries to learn how to be a good emcee.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Filming Studio]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: What did you think of the All Fun and Games idol trainee special today, Aya-chan?
Aya: I can't believe I had to eat something so spicy~. My mouth's still on fire~!
Hina: Ahahaha, that face you made when you were trying not to show it, Aya-chan! Didn't she look just like a shrine lion-dog?
Maya: Huhehe, no comment on her face, but I am really glad you were the host today, Chisato-san~.
Eve: I agree! Anyone else would likely have been unable to handle such a large quantity of people!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you, you two. Well, that's it for today's All Fun and Games! See you again next time~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Sigh~, this is definitely the way to go~. She's so calm and intellectual. It's exactly the kind of emceeing I wanna do~.
Ran: Watching All Fun and Games again, Himari? Weren't you watching that the whole time during break?
Himari: I did get picked to emcee the New Year's singing contest, so I want to make absolutely sure it goes well!
Tsugumi: Thanks again for agreeing to do it, Himari-chan. The woman who runs the fish shop was really grateful.
Tomoe: Not just her. All the old folks downtown are real happy that the contest isn't gonna be canceled. They've been looking forward to it.
Moca: The fate of the downtown shopping district's profit margins next year will be determined by your emceeing, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Gee... Thanks for making me feel the pressure...
Himari: Oh, I know~! Maybe you could give me a hand, Moca? Please?
Moca: Not a chance~.
Himari: Aw~! Then, how about you, Ran?
Ran: You know the answer to that one. I'm not good at stuff like that...
Himari: Then Tomoe! If you do this for me, I swear I'll never ask you for another favor for the rest of my life~!
Tomoe: Er... I sorta have other plans...
Moca: Do you have any idea how many times you've played that card, Hii-chan~? You'd have to be reborn at least ten times for that one to work again~.
Himari: I mean, I know I said I'd do it, but I've been super stressed out since yesterday!
Himari: And after watching how Chisato-san does things in this video, I'm not sure I'd be able to do it like her~...
Tsugumi: The way she managed everything was pretty incredible. It was like she was somehow in full control of all those people...
Tomoe: Hey, didn't you say you'd be seeing Shirasagi-san after this and having her teach you the secret to emceeing or something?
Himari: I know, but~...
Moca: Ah, why don't you try copying her~? You know how they say trying to look the part is a good way to start out.
Himari: Wait, you mean like doing an impression?
Moca: Yeah, since you happen to be good at that stuff too.
Himari: O-okay~... Well, that's it for today's New Year's Singing Contest! See you again next time~♪
Moca: Oh~, I'd say you nailed the essential characteristics~. Looks good enough to me~.
Himari: Really?!
Tsugumi: I don't know. I feel like that's kind of missing the point.
Ran: Yeah. It's not gonna do you any good.
Moca: Ahahaha~. Your impressions are always so funny, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Hey, Moca~!
Tomoe: Anyway, you alright for time? Don't you have to go see Shirasagi-san?
Himari: Oh yeah! Wouldn't want to keep her waiting! Gotta go! See ya!
Moca: Ahaha~, no rest for the wicked, as they say~. So, what now for the rest of us?
Tomoe: Ah... I've got something I need to take care of...
Ran: Same here, actually. Sorry...
Moca: Is that so~...
Moca: You two wouldn't happen to be hiding something now, would you?
Tomoe & Ran: ...?!
Ran: N-no way... Of course not...
Tomoe: Y-yeah, Moca~. Whatever gave you that idea~? Hahaha...
Moca: Hmm~... If you say so~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Ah! You're already here, Chisato-san! I'm sorry I kept you waiting!
Chisato: Fufu, it's alright. I just came a little early out of habit.
Chisato: Anyhow, after what you said yesterday, I thought about what I keep in mind when I'm the host and summarized everything briefly.
Himari: Wow, thank you very much! So that makes this the secret to emceeing, right?!
Chisato: That's probably a bit of an exaggeration. Everything I've written down is really quite obvious.
Himari: Let's see~...
Himari: "Interview the participants beforehand." "Run simulations to account for various possibilities." "Don't try to do everything on your own."
Chisato: There's probably more, but I would say those three are the most important.
Himari: I see...
Himari: So if I do these things, I'll be able to emcee like you, right?!
Himari: Okay! I'll give it a try!
Himari: Uh~... By the way, about this interviewing bit... What exactly should I be doing...?
(Black cut)
