event173-04 Chapter 3: A Surprise Contestant

Himari is now used to interviews, but her next destination holds a surprise...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[The Next Day]

[Restaurant]

Himari: Ah~... I feel so nervous...
Chisato: Oh? Aren't you going to be interviewing people again that you already know? You looked like you'd gotten used to it yesterday...
Himari: Well, yes... It's just that this person is someone very special...
Chisato: Someone special...?
Kaoru: Greetings, my little kittens. I must apologize for the void in your hearts caused by my absence.
Chisato: Kaoru...? Oh... That explains everything...
Kaoru: How curious. I was aware that Himari-chan would be the master of ceremonies for the contest, but I did not expect your presence as well, Chisato.
Chisato: I'm just here to help Himari-chan, I'm not going to be a host. But I do intend to watch as part of the audience.
Kaoru: A pity. There are many who would relish the prospect of seeing you on stage.
Kaoru: Anyhow, shall we proceed with the interview? There is space for you as well, Tomoe-chan. Come, sit with us.
Himari: ... Huh? Tomoe? What are you doing here...?
Tomoe: Er, well... Turns out I'm gonna be in the contest too...
Himari: Seriously~?! You didn't say anything!
Tomoe: Seta-senpai was trying to recruit me at the time, but I wasn't exactly planning on saying yes, so, yeah...
Kaoru: Ever since our White Day performance together, I have wished for our paths to cross on stage once again.
Tomoe: She was pretty insistent... And after it hit me that I could maybe help bring some excitement downtown, I couldn't say no anymore...
Chisato: I can't believe you dragged Tomoe-chan into your shenanigans, Kaoru...
Kaoru: This decision was not purely mine. Dozens were the heartfelt letters from the little kittens pleading for our reunion on stage...
Himari: (Oh...  About ten of those probably came from me...)
Kaoru: Fufu, to think that we will begin the year by bringing smiles to the faces of so many little kittens... This will certainly be a most fleeting event.
Himari: Oh, yes! I'm sure it will be absolutely fleeting! I'll be praying for your success!
Chisato: ... Himari-chan, while it is important to listen carefully, are you sure you don't need to take notes?
Himari: Oops, s-sorry!
Kaoru: Incidentally, I heard rumors whispered in the wind that Michelle will also be partaking in the event.
Himari: Yes! She and Marie are going to be representing the downtown shopping district together!
Kaoru: We seem to have some most adorable rivals to contend with... My anticipation has grown considerably.
Tomoe: Since we're doing this, let's put on the best show we can and make everyone fight for it!
Kaoru: Indeed. We must ensure our performance is fleeting.
Chisato: ... I didn't expect those two to be working together. Anyhow, I believe there are no more acquaintances you need to interview, right?
Himari: I wish I could say yes... but there's actually one more contestant... I could really use the company! Is there any chance I can convince you to come~? Please!
Chisato: You seem to have gotten quite used to interviewing people though...
Himari: I know, but please! Let's just say the next one's going to be a bit complicated...
Chisato: Complicated...? I'm not sure what you mean by that, but I suppose I can go with you then.
Himari: Thank you, thank you, thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Living Room]

Himari: H-hello~...
Chisato: Ran-chan's home is definitely not one of the places I expected to set foot in. She seems like the type who would never join a singing contest.
Himari: You're not wrong about that. Ran isn't going to be in the contest, but...
Ran: Himari... I know you went to the trouble of coming all the way here, but could I ask you to leave?
Himari: Huh? But I'm trying to interview all the contestants...
Ran: And I'm trying to convince my dad to withdraw.
Chisato: Wait... Your father is the one who's going to be in the contest?
Ran: No, he won't! I'll make sure it doesn't happen! I wouldn't be able to live with the embarrassment.
Himari: Come on~, so what if he does? Everyone would love to see him be in the event!
Ran: And that's exactly why I'm not letting it happen! Moca's totally going to joke about it.
Himari: Aw~, can't you just let me talk to him a bit? It'd mean so much to me~.
Ran: I want to help you, I really do... But not this. I just can't. Sorry.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Himari: Oh well~. I didn't get to speak with Ran's dad, but at least I think I'm one step closer to being a great emcee, thanks to you~!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm glad to hear that.
Himari: I feel a lot more confident about this! I can probably interview the other contestants now! Thank you for everything!!
Chisato: Fufu, then I'll be looking forward to seeing how you do on the day of the contest.
Himari: Do you think I can emcee like you now?
Chisato: I don't see why you have to try to be like me when there are plenty of other good hosts. It might be worth looking for videos to see how others do things.
Chisato: You might even find someone that gives you clues for finding your own style.
Himari: Okay! I'll try searching once I get home!
Himari: Thank you so much for all your advice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Uehara Residence - Himari's Room]

Himari: Chisato-senpai recommended that I watch some videos, but... I'm not sure what would be good ones to watch~.
Himari: Hmm~... Let's start by doing a search for "greatest emcees..."
Himari: ...?!
Himari: Th-this is it...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
