event173-07 Ending: Himari, Master Emcee

The contest is a success. While in the dressing room, Himari has visitors...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Chisato: I would say the contest was a success. You did very well out there, Himari-chan.
Himari: I managed somehow~! I am so relieved that everyone seemed to have a great time!
Himari: And thank you so much for coming up on stage!
Chisato: Just so you know, it's not something I normally do. It was a special favor just for you. Fufu.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

[Downtown - Community Center]

Himari: O-oh, about that! I have a bit of a request, actually...
Chisato: A request?
Himari: I'm not sure it's okay to ask you this, but...
Himari: One of the contestants is a little girl who loves idols and practices Pastel＊Palettes songs and dances every day... She showed me, and she's very good.
Himari: You should've seen how her eyes lit up when she was telling me her dream is to become an idol like you, Chisato-san...
Himari: When I saw that, I just knew I had to help with her dream!
Chisato: ...
Himari: Is there any chance you could get up on stage with her? It would mean so much!
Chisato: Do you remember the tips on being a host that I gave you?
Himari: Hm? Yes, I do!
Himari: "Interview the participants beforehand." "Run simulations to account for various possibilities." "Don't try to do everything on your own."
Himari: Right?
Chisato: Fufu... Then I can't let you try to do everything on your now, can I?
Himari: ... Huh? Wait, that means...
Chisato: But it won't be her performance if I'm with her from the start. I think it would be better for me to appear partway through. What do you think?
Himari: Ohhh~! Thank you so much, Chisato-san!
Chisato: So, will you allow me to assist you in helping the little girl with her dream?
Himari: Yes! Of course! Thank you so much!
Chisato: (... This really isn't like me. Fufu, somebody seems to have rubbed off on me.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Himari: Did you see how happy she looked? She said she's going to become an idol for sure♪
Chisato: Fufu, I'll be looking forward to getting up on stage with her someday then.
Himari: When that day comes, I'm going to tell everyone I was the emcee for the contest where the two of you performed together for the first time☆
Himari: Ah~, I had such a blast today~!
Himari: So, do you think I was a skillful emcee like you?
Chisato: I wouldn't exactly say so... but I will say, I think you were a wonderful host.
Chisato: Although there were a few nail-biters. Fufu.
Himari: Really~? What parts made you nervous~?
Tomoe: Himari, Shirasagi-san, both of you were great out there!
Tsugumi: We brought you some snacks that the organizers want you to have~!
Moca: Accept these gifts with humility and grace~.
Ran: You didn't even buy them, Moca... Anyway, nice job, both of you.
Himari: Thanks~, guys~!
Chisato: Are you sure it's okay for me to have these? I was only on stage briefly.
Tsugumi: Absolutely! The woman that spoke to me really appreciated the fact that you got up on stage because it helped make the contest even more exciting!
Moca: Look, look, Hii-chan~. I managed to capture your best emceeing moments on camera~.
Himari: You took pictures, Moca~?! Thanks a bunch~! I love you~!
Himari: Let's see~... My face looks so weird in all of them! And my eyes are only half-open! Why did this have to happen~?!
Moca: At least you're smiling in all of them~.
Himari: I can't even post these to my socials because of the eyes~!
Tsugumi: Moca-chan~. Now be nice and show her the good photos, will you?
Chisato: Fufu. I can see you're very well-liked, Himari-chan.
Himari: D-do you really think so~?
Ran: Himari... Your emceeing wasn't half bad, you know?
Tomoe: Yeah! You showed everyone you've got what it takes to be our leader!
Tsugumi: The organizers loved it too! They said they're considering asking you to come back again next year~!
Chisato: And you were able to enjoy hosting and convey that feeling to the audience. That kind of wonderful hosting isn't something I would be able to replicate.
Himari: ...! Sniff...
Chisato: H-Himari-chan...?
Himari: I-I never expected... that kind of praise... I-I'm so glad I was able to give everything I had~! Sob~.
Moca: Oh~, look what you've done now, Chisato-san. You made Hii-chan cry~.
Chisato: I-I did?!
Himari: Sob~, thanks so much, everyone~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Well, that's it for today's New Year's Singing Contest! See you again next time~♪
(Black cut)
