event203-06 Chapter 5: The Last Battle Begins!

Morfonica tries to escape the castle, but they are discovered by the Demon Lord...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Demon Lord's Castle - Hall]

Mashiro: I wonder where we are. We've been all around this place, but there doesn't seem to be an exit.
Tsukushi: This is a big castle... How many rooms do you think it has?
Toko: Guys~, are we really gonna hightail it outta here? Personally, I'd like to get my revenge on that Demon Lord.
Rui: Now is not the time to fight. We should only do so after we have fully prepared for combat.
Nanami: Hmm... It doesn't look like there's a way out here either. Let's try the next room.
Demon Lord: You shall go no farther!
Tsukushi: ...! It found us! But how?! No one should've noticed us!
Nanami: Hmm... Maybe there's no reason. I wonder if coming to this room triggers an event~.
Demon Lord: You... How dare you loiter in my castle! Soldiers, seize them!
Mashiro: We have to leave no- Ah. They've blocked the exit...
Toko: Using your underlings is cheap. Fight fair!
Tsukushi: Rui-san, won't you be able to stop the soldiers if you use Argumentator?
Rui: I cannot. Once I use my skill, it is unavailable for a certain period.
Tsukushi: No...
Toko: Shiro, you got a good skill you could use?
Mashiro: Umm, umm... Ah, how about Ultrasonic Wave? Take this...!
Soldiers: Ugh, my ears...?!
Mashiro: Yay! It worked...
Nanami: Ahh, stop, stop! We're taking damage from the Ultrasonic Wave too~.
Mashiro: Huh~?!
Toko: Shiro, please~.
Mashiro: Ohh, I'm sorry. It's hard for me to choose skills... Great Nanny, come back to me~.
Rui: Futaba-san, maybe it would be good to use your Tsukushi Eye. I think you could stop them from attacking us.
Tsukushi: Ugh... I could, but... Oh, fine~!
Tsukushi: Everyone, look at me~!
Soldiers: ...! You have such a lovely expression! That troubled face of yours is truly art~!
Nanami: Wow~. One after another, they're throwing down their weapons and clapping! That's the Tsukushi Eye for you~.
Tsukushi: Sigh... I really didn't want to use it...
Soldiers: You are wonderful! Amazing! Faaantastic!
Demon Lord: Grrr... You idiots! What are you doing?
Soldiers: Quiet! We want to praise her! Get in our way, and we'll bop you one!
Nanami: Ah, they're having a falling out.
Toko: Now this is more like it! Let's defeat the Demon Lord together! Here~!
Soldiers: Y-yeahhh~! Defeat the Demon Lord~!
Nanami: Toko-chan, nice move! Thanks to your Enthusiast skill, the soldiers are even more thrilled to take down the Demon Lord.
Toko: I know, right~? This is just how I operate!
Rui: The tables have turned. Now the Demon Lord stands alone.
Tsukushi: Alright~, let's keep this up and beat them!
Demon Lord: You soldiers are fools to go against me... Don't get carried away~!
Mashiro: A-ahh!
Soldiers: ... Huh?! What are we doing...?
Tsukushi: They've gone back to normal! Wh-why?!
Great Nanny: Attention, the Demon Lord overpowered and canceled the effects of your skills.
Mashiro: What? They can do that?!
Demon Lord: I will extinguish anyone who points a weapon at me!!
Soldiers: Eeek! P-please forgive us~!
Nanami: Wait~! Fight with us~!
Demon Lord: You have scorned me! I shall never forgive you! After I've beaten you to a pulp, I shall lock you up in my dungeon for the rest of your lives!
Toko: This is bad. They seem really ticked off.
Rui: Although it was due to the effects of the skills, we were the reason their soldiers turned against them. Of course they are upset.
Tsukushi: That's true... But that's not an argument we can have calmly in a situation like this!
Nanami: Rui-rui, are you still unable to use Argumentator?
Rui: I have been able to use it since a moment ago, but it does not appear to have any effect.
Demon Lord: Huff, puff. I shall never ever forgive you.
Great Nanny: Attention, due to the state of excitement,  the Demon Lord's status is increasing greatly.
Great Nanny: I do not expect any of your party's skills to have any effect whatsoever.
Mashiro: Everyone... The Great Nanny says we can't defeat the Demon Lord with our skills...
Toko: G-great~...
Demon Lord: Now, come face me! After I destroy your confidence and bring you shame, I shall pound you into oblivion!
Mashiro: Eeeek~. What should we do~?!
