event203-03 Chapter 2: Enjoying The Goblin Town

The goblin village has prospered into a full-fledged town. While there, Mashiro's efforts have been remarkable.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Forest]

Tsukushi: Hmm~, it doesn't look like there are any over here. Mashiro-chan, how about over there?
Mashiro: There aren't any here either. Popokute herbs are supposed to be white flowers with purple-tipped petals, aren't they?
Tsukushi: Yeah... Rui-san said they can be used to make medicine.
Tsukushi: The goblins have been pretty tired recently, so she said she wanted to restore their strength with the medicine.
Mashiro: The goblins have been working hard building every day.
Tsukushi: So I thought we could go find some popokute herbs... But I don't see them anywhere~.
Tsukushi: Hrm? There's some meat under that tree.
Mashiro: Wow... It's bright red. What is that...?
Great Nanny: Attention, there is a patch of popokute herbs one hundred meters ahead of you.
Mashiro: One hundred meters in front of us? Tsukushi-chan, let's try going this way.
Tsukushi: Ah! Mashiro-chan, wait...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: We have one, two, three... six sacks! We did it! We got a ton!
Tsukushi: It's all thanks to you again for finding the area with the popokute herbs!
Mashiro: Fufu. We took a little too much, though. I think we're going to have a hard time carrying it all back...
Tsukushi: ...! A wolf monster?! Why is it so big...? It's almost twice as big as us.
Mashiro: Those fangs are incredible... If we got bit by those...
Great Nanny: Attention, a wolf monster's legs are its weakness. It is recommended that you bind their legs with your Thread skill.
Mashiro: That's the skill I got when I used Picky Eater earlier. I'll aim for the legs... Fire~!
Wolf Monster: Yelp!
Tsukushi: Wow~! You wound thread around the wolf monster's legs!
Mashiro: Phew, I'm glad that worked...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Goblin Town]

Tsukushi: Sorry to keep you waiting~. I put the popokute herbs in the storage area.
Mashiro: Thank you. Let's go tell Rui-san.
Goblin: The TOKO CAFÉ is open~! Everyone, please come in~!
Mashiro: Wow, the café busy again today too. There's such a long line in front of the shop.
Tsukushi: I wonder how long the wait is. It's probably about thirty minutes, don't you think?
Mashiro: Look. The knick-knack and the clothing shops both look busy too. That goblin is wearing clothes Toko-chan designed.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan's been designing items for many shops. I think she was having fun deciding a new café menu yesterday too.
Mashiro: Fufu, I never imagined we'd see the same shops from back home in another world~.
Tsukushi: I know, right? You must be really moved to see the town you worked so hard to help build.
Mashiro: I don't know if I worked that hard...
Tsukushi: But you kept the town safe when it was attacked by monsters.
Tsukushi: You're good at using skills too. I never knew you had talent like that.
Tsukushi: And aren't you the one who gathers the most materials for the town?
Tsukushi: I was amazed by how quickly you get things. It's almost like you know where the materials will be.
Mashiro: R-really?
Tsukushi: Yeah, you're doing so much!
Mashiro: (I've only been doing what the Great Nanny tells me...)
Mashiro: (I've tried many times to explain it to the others, but the timing is never right...)
Mashiro: (Everyone's been saying all these really nice things about me. I don't know if I could tell them the truth now...)
Mashiro: (... But I don't feel bad about them relying on me, so I'll keep doing what I'm doing...)
Nanami: Shiro-chan~, Tsu-chan~, over here~.
Tsukushi: Ah, Nanami-chan! Hi.
Nanami: Won't you stop by? Hiromachi's Touch of Spice is enjoying another great day of business~.
Tsukushi: You have such a wonderful stall. I never thought you'd open a shop.
Mashiro: I think at your shop you use your skill to make different foods spicy, don't you?
Nanami: That's right. My skill is Extreme Spicery. Spice up~!
Nanami: The goblins come every day. I'm happy so many of them like spicy things~.
Mashiro: Really? So goblins like spicy food. Hrm? What's that dish there...?
Nanami: I just knew you'd notice. You have an eye for the good stuff. This is my newest spicy creation, the Blazing Hot Tempura Rice Bowl.
Tsukushi: The rice and the tempura are bright red... Don't you think you overdid it just a little?
Nanami: This is normal~. The redder, the better. That's how spice lovers like it~.
Mashiro: It kind of looks like beef...
Goblin: Hi~! Would you make these fish spicy?
Nanami: Can do~. Just leave it to me~... Spice up!
Tsukushi: Whoa, it's getting redder and redder...
Mashiro: Just looking at it makes me queasy... I would definitely pass out if I ate something like that...
Nanami: Thanks for waiting. I've made it as spicy as I can~.
Goblin: Oh wow~, today's color looks good too! Thank you!
Nanami: Ah... Sorry, guys, but I need to pop out for a second. Would you watch the shop for me?
Tsukushi: Sure, see you.
Goblin: I'll be able to catch a lot of monsters again today with these~.
Goblin: If you set these in the woods, a monster will pass out after one bite. These are the perfect bait to use in a trap~.
Mashiro: Huh? So the goblin doesn't eat those...
Tsukushi: Hey, Mashiro-chan, maybe the bright red meat we saw in the forest was food Nanami-chan made spicy...
Mashiro: Ah...
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan said she was happy so many goblins liked spicy food.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Some things are better left unknown. Why don't we keep this between us?
Mashiro: Good idea.
Toko: ... So~, why are you so against it?!
Mashiro: That voice... Is that Toko-chan?
Tsukushi: She sounds kind of angry... Let's go!
Nanami: Thanks for watching the shop, guys~. Hey, where are you going? Wait~.
