event203-02 Chapter 1: On to Adventure in Another World

Mashiro loses sight of the others and wanders the forest when something strange happens to her body...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Forest]

Nanami: We successfully escaped the cave~. I'm glad we got out of there fairly quickly.
Tsukushi: It was mostly a straight path out. There weren't any steep parts either. Mashiro-chan, you seemed to have a little trouble, though...
Mashiro: Sorry for being so slow. I just can't move well in this body...
Rui: We should probably adjust our pace accordingly until you become accustomed to that form.
Toko: Hey, let's head over there! I've gotta feeling we're gonna find something fun thataway~.
Tsukushi: Shouldn't we make decisions like that a little more carefully? We have no idea what's out there...
Toko: But the dragon said we should have fun exploring, right? So we'll be fine! I saaay... we keep going~!
Tsukushi: Argh~, you're always doing whatever you want~.
Mashiro: Ah! Wait for me~...
(Black cut)
Mashiro: I-I got separated from the others. What am I going to do...?
Mashiro: They said they'd slow down for me, but... Ohh, I hate this body so much~.
???: Attention, you can transform from a slime into a humanoid. Would you like to execute that command?
Mashiro: Execute...?
(White cut)
Mashiro: Wow! I really transformed...
Great Nanny: Attention, I am a skill called the "Great Nanny." Skills are special abilities that the beings of this world possess.
Great Nanny: My function is to support you.
Mashiro: I didn't know about that... So, does that mean you'll help me?
Great Nanny: Attention, I can guide you to your friends. Would you like to execute that command?
Mashiro: Wow, you can do that too?! Okay, I guess I'll ask for your help.
Great Nanny: Attention, initiating guidance. Begin by proceeding north...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Desolate Village]

Great Nanny: Attention, you have reached your destination: a goblin village. Guidance complete.
Mashiro: The others are here? I only see huts...
Nanami: Ah, Shiro-chan, you finally made it~... Hrm? You look...
Toko: You're not a Slime anymore!
Mashiro: I, uh, had some help... from something called the Great Nanny...
Toko: Well, I'm just glad you're safe. I love your new look!
Mashiro: Huh? Th-thanks... By the way, what have you been doing here?
Tsukushi: We were talking to the goblins and decided to stay here for a little while.
Mashiro: I've seen goblins... in fantasy movies. They're the monsters with scary faces, right? I wonder if we'll be safe here...
Toko: Yeah, they've got some mean mugs, but they don't seem like bad guys.
Rui: I do not sense any malicious intent. If anything, they are quite friendly. They even invited us to eat with them.
Goblin: Everyone, the food is ready. The meat is well-roasted. Please enjoy it while it's hot.
Nanami: Oh wow~, the meat is served on leaves instead of plates. It feels like we're in another world.
Tsukushi: It looks like all they did was place a chunk over a fire...
Toko: But doesn't it look kinda like roast beef?
Mashiro: It does. This looks super good~. Are those stir-fried carrots over there?
Tsukushi: Ah, these carrots look good too.
Mashiro: Um, in that case, you can have my carrots if you like...
Toko: I can't believe you still dislike veggies even here. You really never change~. Since you can eat anything now, you should try some.
Mashiro: Well, if I'm going to eat something, I'd rather eat what I like...
Great Nanny: Attention, it is recommended that you consume the meat using your other skill: "Picky Eater."
Great Nanny: When you use it, you will be able to acquire the skills of the creatures in your meal.
Mashiro: Really? So I have a skill like that too. Um... I wonder if it's okay for me to touch the meat like this.
Nanami: Shiro-chan? What's wrong? You've been talking to yourself.
Mashiro: Huh? I have...?
Mashiro: (I've been doing what the Great Nanny tells me, but maybe the others can't hear it.)
Great Nanny: Attention, please consume the meat using Picky Eater.
Mashiro: Ah, okay. I'll touch the meat like this...
(White cut)
Great Nanny: Attention, as a result of using Picky Eater, you have acquired the skills that the snake and bat monster possessed.
Mashiro: Snake and bat... A-are you talking about the meat I just ate?!
Mashiro: You should've said that sooner! Ewww, I put weird meat in my mouth~...
Great Nanny: Attention, would you like to use your newly acquired skills? Please choose between "Poisonous Mist" and "Ultrasonic Wave."
Mashiro: You keep saying "attention" this and "attention" that... Is this right?
Tsukushi & Nanami & Toko: ...?!
Mashiro: The purple mist turned the food to mush...! This is very dangerous~.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan? What did you do...?
Mashiro: Ah, I used something called a "Skill." I think they're... special abilities the creatures in this world have.
Toko: Get out! I didn't know 'bout that...! That's so freaking cool.
Rui: When did you learn about skills?
Mashiro: Well-
Goblin: Ahaha, I like how lively you are. It's been a while since I've had such a fun meal.
Mashiro: Ah! Y-you startled me~...
Goblin: Actually, we've recently fled from a Demon Lord and started a village, but it's not going so well...
Goblin: Until now, we've only cut down forests to expand the Demon Lord's territory, so we don't know the first thing about building a village.
Goblin: I'm confident we could make anything if we knew what it should look like and had a guide... Sigh, and after we gained our freedom here in the Great Forest of Hakua.
Tsukushi: You all have been through a lot. If only there was something we could do to help...
Great Nanny: Attention, it is recommended that you use knowledge from your previous life to build the village.
Mashiro: We should create the village using what we know from our world...?
Toko: That's it! Shiro~, that's a killer idea~.
Toko: This village has literally got nothing in it. I've been thinking this whole time that it'd be nice to have some fun places here.
Toko: So let's make them! We could have places like a café, or a clothing store, or a knick-knack shop! Let's give the goblins an idea of what their village could look like.
Nanami: Ah, right. The goblins said they could make anything if they knew what it should look like and had someone show them what to do.
Toko: Exactly! So let's give them an idea of how things could be!
Tsukushi: I think that sounds great! If the village is nicer, then the goblins will be happy. It'll be like killing two birds with one stone!
Nanami: Shiro-chan, nice idea~.
Mashiro: Huh? I didn't do anything...
Mashiro: (All I did was repeat what the Great Nanny told me... I think there's been a misunderstanding.)
Toko: Alright, time to give this village a major upgrade~.
Tsukushi & Nanami: Yeah~!!
