event203-07 Ending: Adventure's End

Mashiro must fight the Demon Lord one-on-one. Tsukushi tries to help her, but...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Demon Lord's Castle - Hall]

Demon Lord: You, slime! I shall fight you first! Now, attack me!
Mashiro: M-me?! There's no way I can do that...! Guys, help m-
Demon Lord: If you won't strike, then I shall!
Mashiro: Ahhh~! I need a skill, I need a skill! Wh-which one should I-
Great Nanny: Attention, none of the skills you possess will affect the Demon Lord as they are now.
Mashiro: I-I know, but I'll be toast if I don't do anything... Umm, umm, for now I'll just use all my skills...!
Demon Lord: Hmph... That level of attack is laughable! Now it is my turn. Prepare yourself!
Mashiro: A-ahh...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, it's okay! Even if you can't do it alone, we can definitely do it if we work together!
Nanami: Yeah, together we're Morfonica~. Let's work as a team~.
Rui: But none of our skills have any effect, right?
Toko: Don't worry! We'll find a way!
Mashiro: Ohh~... Guys~...
Tsukushi: Hey~, no hugging-
(White cut)
Toko & Nanami: Fusuke disappeared! Tsu-chan is gone!
Nanami: Sh-Shiro-chan, what did you do...?
Mashiro: I-I think I absorbed her using Picky Eater... I activated all my skills a moment ago and forgot to stop them...
Toko: Shiro~.
Mashiro: I'm sorry~.
Demon Lord: Your magic power is increasing exponentially! Slime, what have you done?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Great Nanny: Attention, the ingestion of Tsukushi has resulted in a significant increase to all your stats, including magic power.
Great Nanny: Currently, there is little difference between your and the Demon Lord's stats.
Mashiro: The Picky Eater skill isn't only for getting new skills. I can also power up when I absorb a friend...!
Rui: Absorbing only Futaba-san made you powerful enough to upset the Demon Lord. So if you absorb all of us here...
Nanami: You might power up enough to beat the Demon King!
Mashiro: Huh?! There's no way I could absorb you all...!
Mashiro: And the Great Nanny won't help me either. I don't think I'll be able to fight well on my own...
Toko: Well, I feel like that might be true... But if we don't try, we're gonna lose anyway, right? And I hate losing, so let's do everything we can!
Rui: Right. I think that is our best option here.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, we're lending you our power~.
Mashiro: G-guys... Okay, thank you. Well, let's give this a shot...
(White cut)
(White cut)
Mashiro: Umm... Ah, I think I kind of feel... stronger.
Great Nanny: Attention, by absorbing Tsukushi, Toko, Nanami, and Rui, I have detected an enormous increase in your magic power.
Great Nanny: In addition, due to the transformative properties of Nanami's Extreme Spicery skill, the creation of a new skill is now possible.
Mashiro: Huh? What?
Great Nanny: Its transformative properties have altered Toko's passion-intensifying skill Enthusiast into a flame effect.
Great Nanny: The flame effect has paired with Tsukushi's field-dominating Tsukushi Eye skill and evolved into an explosive flame effect.
Great Nanny: This effect has been integrated with the manipulation effect of Rui's Argumentator skill, allowing you to control the explosive flame.
Great Nanny: Thus, the new skill "Dark Flame" has been acquired. It is available to use at any time.
Mashiro: Dark Flame...? Ahh! A black flame is coming out of my hand...!
Mashiro: It's getting bigger and bigger... Wh-what should I do~?!
Demon Lord: Impossible... You're nothing but a slime. How can you have that much magic...? S-stop! Stay away!
Great Nanny: Attention, you will experience damage if you continue this way. Point your hand toward the Demon Lord.
Mashiro: A-ahhh~!
(White cut)
Mashiro: H-hrm? The Demon Lord is gone...?
Great Nanny: Attention, the Demon Lord has been vanquished by the effects of Dark Flame.
Mashiro: So does that mean... we won?
(White cut)
Toko: Shiro, you did it!
Mashiro: ...! Guys!
Great Nanny: Attention, your body decided that it could not endure the enormous increase in magic power. It has rejected it and regurgitated what was ingested.
Toko: I was watching from inside you, Shiro. That flame was insane!
Nanami: We could hear the voice of the Great Nanny too. It was nice that all of our skills could combine~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, I feel like we won with the power of Morfonica!
Mashiro: Guys... Ohh, I was so scared~!
Rui: You are crying.
Tsukushi: Fufu. Jeez~, are you trying to absorb me again?
Mashiro: I won't do that~.
Goblins: We won't let the Demon Lord tell us what to do anymore! We will fight too~!
Goblins: Huh?! Why are you all here? Wait... Have you defeated the Demon Lord?!
Toko: You sure figured that out quick.
Rui: It is a character in a game. That is how it is programmed to be.
Village Leader: Oh my goodness~! You did it~! We are free from the rule of the Demon Lord~!
Tsukushi: Fufu. They're all crying. They must be so happy.
Nanami: All we did was try to escape. I'm glad they're free now.
Toko: Well, it's time for a party! Let's hurry back to the town!
Game Announcement: Thank you for playing the trial version of the VR game Special Fantasy.
Game Announcement: This is the end of the demo. Please purchase the full version of Special Fantasy to enjoy the rest of the game.
Toko: Whaaat? That's it? What about our party?
Rui: If you would like to do that, then you will need to purchase the full version. We should return.
Mashiro: Yeah, I guess we should.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Sigh~, that was fun! Great work, guys~.
Nanami: You seem pretty satisfied. I can tell even through the headphones~.
Mashiro: Fufu, that was really relaxing. I kind of feel like I went on a big adventure.
Toko: Right?! The environments were so freaking real-looking. It totally felt like I'd gone to another world!
Tsukushi: There were a lot of times too when we were talking with the game characters where I felt like I was having real conversations with them.
Rui: Kurata-san, how do you feel? Do you think you can write lyrics now?
Mashiro: Yes... A lot has happened, but I had many ideas while we were playing the game.
Mashiro: I think I can write now. Probably...
Tsukushi: Oh. Then, I'm excited for tomorrow's practice!
Nanami: Well, I guess we should end the voice chat now, huh?
Mashiro: Okay. See you tomorrow.
(White cut)
(Background change)
