event203-05 Chapter 4: The Demon Lord Army Attacks!

Toko and Rui's fight ends, and everything seems settled when the Demon Lord's army invades the town!

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Goblin Town]

Toko: Sigh~, that was awful. Your Tsukushi Eye was wicked strong.
Tsukushi: No more fighting, okay? It's not like I enjoy using it.
Mashiro: Rui-san, the popokute herbs are in the storage area.
Rui: You found some?
Tsukushi: Yes. You said they were necessary. We were only able to get them thanks to Mashiro-chan.
Tsukushi: She found where the popokute herbs were in the forest right away!
Rui: I see. With it, we can have the goblins continue to work as hard as they have been.
Rui: Kurata-san, you have been helpful in many ways in regard to building the town. Thank you.
Nanami: Wow~, Rui-rui is praising you~.
Mashiro: Fufu...
Toko: Hmm~, something seems kinda off~. You've been too reliable, Shiro...
Toko: And it's weird you're not relying on us either. I've got a feeling you're keeping us in the dark about something~.
Mashiro: W-well...
Goblin: Everyone, we're in grave danger! The Demon Lord is coming this way with their army! They must be planning to take us back!
Tsukushi: What?! That would be terrible...
Mashiro: Th-that's a lot of soldiers! They're lined up all the way out of town.
Demon Lord: Goblins, I have finally found you! Did you think you could escape me, a Demon Lord?!
Toko: Huh? Demon Lord...? That's a pig! And it's talking...!
Nanami: I think it's an orc. They're pig monsters, and they're supposedly as cruel as can be.
Demon Lord: ...! You're the monsters that have seduced the goblins! I heard that some oni, a demon, a dragonoid, and a slime were helping the goblins build a town!
Tsukushi: Seduced? We didn't do anything...
Demon Lord: I shall not allow you... to take my slaves! Feel the might of my magic~!
Toko: Huh...?
(White cut)
Mashiro: Toko-chan?! Sh-she's not moving... This can't be happening... Hang in there, Toko-chan!
Demon Lord: You all are next!
Mashiro: Ahh~! I-I need to use a skill...! Take this~, Water Cutter!
Tsukushi: I-it had no effect at all?! But your Water Cutter sliced through trees easily, no matter how big they were...
Demon Lord: Roar~!!
(White cut)
Mashiro: Ugh. H-hrm...? I can't move... And my eyes are getting blurry...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: ... ro-chan. Shiro-chan, wake up.
Mashiro: Mhn... H-hrm? Where am I...?
Nanami: Good morning~. Welcome to prison~.
Rui: It appears that we were brought to the Demon Lord's castle while we were unconscious.
Nanami: I wonder if that event was designed so we couldn't win. They say there are events in the game where you just can't beat the enemies.
Tsukushi: Oh... I was panicking when my health bar dropped to zero. I thought it was game over~.
Nanami: I read on social media that this VR game's selling point is its unpredictable turn of events. It seems like that's true.
Tsukushi: I knew it was a game where you're reincarnated into another world and can have adventures, but I wonder why each of us is a different character.
Nanami: I think it has something to do with the personality test at the beginning of the game. Remember? We were asked a lot of questions.
Rui: I am sure that personality test determines the most suitable character and skill.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it, Toko-chan's skill matches her personality. Maybe yours does too, Rui-san.
Toko: Your skill certainly has your name written all over it~.
Tsukushi: No, it doesn't! I don't want to be praised that much!
Mashiro: ... Then, does that make me slime-ish? But why...?
Toko: Dunno. But you got that amazing Picky Eater skill, so you're good. Being able to increase your skills is pretty sweet.
Mashiro: Yeah... Maybe you're right.
Mashiro: (Plus, I have the incredible Great Nanny skill too. Maybe the results of my personality test were good.)
Toko: Anyway, I'm super grateful Fusuke's dad got her the trial version of the game!
Toko: We started playing this just as a way to relax 'cause you were having trouble writing a new song, but, man, this game is really fun!
Rui: So, what should we do? It seems like the game is still going.
Toko: Of course we're gonna get our revenge! Just you wait, Demon Lord~.
Tsukushi: I've come this far, so I want to clear the game! But how do we get out of here...?
Nanami: Shiro-chan, do you have any ideas? Can you use your skills like before to get us out of here?
Mashiro: O-okay, leave it to me. I'll try something.
Tsukushi: Fufu, I'm glad we can count on you~.
Great Nanny: Attention, you must proceed on your own from here.
Mashiro: Huh?
Great Nanny: I am a skill designed to help those considered extreme novice players by the personality test to progress smoothly through the early stages of the game.
Great Nanny: The intention is to have players familiarize themselves with the controls at the beginning of the game. They are to proceed on their own from the mid-level stages.
Great Nanny: The Demon Lord's castle is a mid-level stage. Therefore, I can only provide minimal support from this point forward.
Mashiro: Th-that can't be?! Wait, Great Nanny! Don't leave me...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan? What's wrong?
Mashiro: Ugh... Th-the truth is...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: What~?! Everything you've done so far was because your Great Nanny skill told you what to do~?!
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry... I thought about telling you many times, but the timing was never good...
Toko: See~? I was right, wasn't I? Now this is the Shiro I know!
Toko: Babying her and saying what to do all the time totally feels like a Shiro skill~.
Rui: ... It appears we have been relying on you too much.
Nanami: Yeah... Shiro-chan, I'm sorry. It must've been hard to hear me say all those nice things about you. I feel awful about it~.
Mashiro: Ohh, it's actually worse hearing you speak like that...
Rui: ... Everyone, look there on the waist of the soldier guarding the prison cell. I think that is the key to our cell.
Rui: We might be able to escape from here if we can take that.
Mashiro: But how...? I think they're eating now. They're munching on something that looks delicious.
Tsukushi: ... Food. Ah, that's it! Nanami-chan, can you use Extreme Spicery to make that food super hot?
Nanami: Sure, I can do that... but what's the point? It'll only change the flavor a bit... Spice up~!
Soldier: Munch, munch, munch... Hrm?! Cough, cough! Wh-why is this so spicy?! Ughhh~!
Nanami: Huh? ... The soldier passed out and fell over. They're even foaming at the mouth...
Toko: Way to go, Fusuke! Nice thinking!
Tsukushi: Hmph! I remembered how the goblins use Nanami-chan's spicy food as traps to get rid of monsters.
Nanami: Th-they do...?
Tsukushi: Ah! U-uhh~...
Nanami: Ohh, I thought they were fellow spice lovers~.
Rui: And with that, the key is ours. We should go.
