event203-04 Chapter 3: These Are Our Skills

Toko and Rui argue over building the town when Toko suddenly activates her skill...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Goblin Town]

Toko: It's an absolute must~! I'm telling you, we should make a beauty salon!
Rui: I do not feel one is necessary.
Toko: Why don't you get it~? If we have a beauty salon, people can look stylish!
Rui: Goblins do not have hair.
Toko: Okay, but I would go a lot, so I think we should build one! Guys, don't you think so too?
Goblins: Yeah~!
Toko: See?! They wanna build one~
Rui: They are that way because you used your skill on them.
Mashiro: Th-this is becoming a big deal...
Nanami: Ahaha, they're at it again. Those two are such good friends~.
Mashiro: The goblins are getting really worked up. Maybe it's because...
Great Nanny: Attention, Toko's skill "Enthusiast" is active.
Great Nanny: The Enthusiast skill raises the motivation of those nearby. As a result, the goblin's motivation is increasing.
Mashiro: I knew it...
Tsukushi: Argh~, this is no time to be standing around! We have to stop those two asap!
Mashiro: But even if we ask them to stop, do you think they'd listen to us...?
Nanami: Good point~. Toko-chan's getting a little riled up too. Tsu-chan, I think this is where you step in.
Tsukushi: Me?
Nanami: Only your skill can stop them~.
Tsukushi: What? Use that? I was hoping I wouldn't have to...
Tsukushi: I know. How about you, Mashiro-chan? Do you have any skills you gained from using Picky Eater that'll end a quarrel?
Mashiro: I don't have any skills like that~.
Rui: At any rate, I have explained myself multiple times. Now is not the time to build places for leisure.
Rui: My first priority is to establish all the amenities of life. You are aware of that, are you not?
Toko: Then, why don't we build both? Problem solved, right?
Rui: Even if we work on different things simultaneously, it is highly likely we will only make partial progress on our tasks.
Rui: Work should be done on the highest priority tasks first. That is the golden rule of getting things done.
Toko: No, the goblins can do it! Right, guys? You can, can't you?
Goblins: ...
Toko: Hrm? Where's your cheer?
Goblin A: Everyone, let's get the town set up first. I think we should focus on that.
Goblin B: What should we build for the town?
Toko: Why are you siding with Rui- Ahhh~!
Toko: No fair using a skill! If you use that, everybody's going to do what you say!
Rui: That is precisely why I used "Argumentator." Talking to you any further would not help the situation.
Rui: It is hard to believe that I can make others do as I wish. It is an efficient skill.
Toko: That's such a dirty move! Real dirty!
Nanami: Rui-rui's Argumentator is as amazing as ever~. She stole the hearts of the goblins in a heartbeat.
Mashiro: But I wonder why can she make others do want she wants. The name of the skill doesn't seem to have much to do with its effect...
Nanami: Maybe people do what she wants because she makes a solid argument.
Toko: I'm not giving up! A beauty salon is deeefinitely getting built!
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan is getting fired up again...
Nanami: Tsu-chan, this might drag on for a while if you don't end it soon...
Tsukushi: Ugh~... Sigh, fine! I'll go stop them.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, Rui-san, goblins! Look at me!
Toko: What, Fusuke? I'm in the middle of som-
Tsukushi: Stare~.
Toko: Ugh! Crud! I locked eyes with her...!
Goblins: O-oh my~! You are wonderful~!
Toko: Ahh, my body won't listen to me! I'm clapping but I don't wanna...!
Rui: ... When this happens, we have no choice but to let our bodies act on their own until Futaba-san deactivates her skill.
Goblin A: Her beauty is dazzling...! She is a true goddess!
Goblin B: Ah, she just sighed! What a picturesque way to exhale!
Nanami: Well done~. Your "Tsukushi Eye" really is powerful.
Nanami: When someone makes eye contact with you, they have to compliment you no matter what they do. That's such a unique skill~.
Tsukushi: Thank you... But I don't like this skill very much.
Tsukushi: It doesn't feel good to hear people say nice things about you when you haven't done anything. It kind of makes me uncomfortable...
Nanami: W-well, thanks to you, the bickering has ended.
Tsukushi: I wonder if that's true...
Goblins: You are wonderful! Amazing! Faaantastic!
Tsukushi: Ohh~, stop praising me already~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
