event30-07 Ending: CiRCLE

After the show, Marina shares details about her past. How will Kasumi and the others react...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After The Show]

[Event Venue]

Kasumi: Marina-san, we finished~!
Marina: Welcome back! Nicely done, girls! You were so amazing out there!
Kasumi: We were?! Hooray~!
Kasumi: You know! The sound! I felt like it was going far far far~ away, up into the ceiling! I had goosebumps the whole time I was singing!
Saya: I totally get what you mean! That's a live house event for you! They put so much effort into the acoustics around here! You can tell!
Arisa: Th-that's for sure... It was pretty insane... Even my legs were shaking...
Rimi: Not to mention the number of people in the audience! I thought my heart was going to explode!
Marina: It sure didn't look like you were nervous though. Especially Tae-chan. You looked like you were smiling and having fun the whole time.
Tae: That's because I was! I just felt so happy about being able to perform on that stage!
Marina: And it was easy to tell that you were... Ah, I get it. Uh huh, so that's what it is...
Arisa: What happened, Marina-san? Looks like a lightbulb just went off in your head...
Marina: I was just thinking that maybe... the reason people enjoy themselves when listening to your music is that you five have the time of your life when you're playing.
Marina: Just as I always thought, music is... something that you need to enjoy! Thanks to you all, that fact was made clear to me, yet again.
Marina: Thank you!
Kasumi: Thank us?! We should be the ones thanking you! It was because of you that we were able to perform in such an amazing place!
Marina: ... So, I shared with you girls a little bit before, right? About my past and playing in a band?
Kasumi: Ah, yeah! I was so excited to hear about that!
Marina: It's been quite some time since we broke up, but we were pretty serious about wanting to become a professional band. We were a group of five girls, just like Poppin'Party.
Saya: Oh wow, interesting...
Marina: So we all gave it everything we had and practiced our hearts out... We even had a decent number of fans, and we played at several different live houses.
Marina: If we perform well, someone will discover our talent... All we need to do is perform well and we'll make the big leagues... We all truly believed that...
Marina: Think about it. You read all of those dreamlike stories, right? Interviews with famous musicians who were scouted while playing on the sidewalk... Things like that.
Marina: Fufu... Now that I think about it, we were all still pretty naive, huh? Thinking that one day the same thing could happen to us... We believed that for so long.
Kasumi: Marina-san...
Marina: But in the end, no one discovered us... No one came to talk to us...
Marina: And during that time, our band members drifted farther and farther apart... People no longer held on to the flyers for our shows...
Marina: Now I understand though. I know why things ended up that way. I mean, the very people who were putting on the show weren't even having fun... How could the people watching ever enjoy something like that?
Marina: I bet having someone discover you is amazing. So amazing, it'd practically have to be a miracle! I finally understood that... Once I was no longer in a band.
Marina: That's why I work at a live house. I want to create the chance for those kids who are serious about their music, and are eagerly hoping for their big break, to be discovered...
Marina: I want to make CiRCLE into a place where that sort of thing is possible...
Marina: That's why I think you girls were absolutely amazing today! You were able to pull off everything my band was never able to accomplish!
Marina: The spirit it takes to face anyone head on. The power to put people in a positive mood with your performances... I'm certain that you girls left an impression on someone today!
Kasumi: M-Marina-san... Thank you so much!
Marina: ... Ah, I-I'm sorry! Here I am putting a damper on the big moment you worked so hard for! That's why I said I didn't want to bore you with the details.
Kasumi: You didn't! I'm happy I got to hear that story! Thanks for sharing with us!
Arisa, Tae, Rimi & Saya: Thank you!
Marina: ... M-more importantly, the event is still not over, you know! You're gonna wanna save those tears for later!
Kasumi: ... Y-yeah, you're right! Got it! I'm not out of energy yet!
Marina: I imagine with how great your performance was, we'll be seeing a lot of visitors! I'm counting on you girls!
All: Okay!
Kasumi: ... Ah! If only we knew about this earlier! We could have waited until after the performance to hand out our flyers!
Arisa: Y-you can say that again... Hm? Were we completely out?
Saya: Yeah, we gave them all away...
Arisa: Aw man...
Marina: ... Fufu. In that case, it might be time for our trump card.
Kasumi: Huh? Trump card?
Marina: Under the table... Can you open that box?
Rimi: ... This one? You said this was your stuff, right?
Marina: Don't worry, just open it.
Rimi: O-okay... Hm? Is this...?
Marina: These are the Poppin'Party flyers I made for today's event!
Kasumi: Wah~! Look, look, Arisa! They're so cute!
Arisa: You can really tell this is the work of a pro...
Marina: Wait, really? I personally thought the flyers you all made were better, so I left these in the box...
Saya: Fufu... Marina-san, you're so sweet.
Marina: Hm? Why's that?
Saya: I'm guessing... that after you saw that we made our flyers by hand, you wanted to be considerate and hid these, right?
Marina: N-no! I really thought that yours were better, I swear...!
Tae: Okay then, Marina-san! I'm gonna go hand these out!
Tae: ... Ah, excuse me, miss! Do you have a moment? You just have to look at this flyer... You won't believe it...!
Kasumi: Ah, O-Tae~! I'm coming with you~! Wait for me~!
Saya: Fufufu... We can't let them show us up! Arisa! Rimi-rin! Come on!
Rimi: Mhm! I'm going to stop by a bunch of different booths this time!
Arisa: ... Sigh, no choice, I guess! Hey! Guys, wait up~!
Marina: Ahahaha. Go get 'em, Poppin'Party! Don't worry about what other people think! Just hand 'em all out!
