event30-04 Chapter 3: Enthusiastic O-Tae

Kasumi gets to distributing flyers right away. Seeing this, Tae gives her some advice...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Event Venue]

Kasumi: Hello~, everyone! Come on over~! The CiRCLE booth is this way~!
Kasumi: H-hey, you guys~! Over here~! This is the booth to see~!
Kasumi: ... No good. Even with all these people here, they just keep on walking right past us~... Hey, Arisa~! What do we do now~?!
Arisa: How should I know?!
Kasumi: C'mon, you should help bring people in too~!
Arisa: I-I have my job, over here... I have to be the salesperson! Th-they say you have to use the best person for each job, right?
Tae: Kasumi. In a place like this, addressing people as 'everyone' isn't gonna get you anywhere.
Kasumi: Huh? Really? Why's that?
Tae: If you do that while talking to a crowd of people, no one's gonna think you're talking to them, right? You have to look them right in the eye and talk to them directly.
Kasumi: Oh, I see. I never thought of it like that!
Kasumi: As expected, your experience is showing, O-Tae! I can really depend on you! Way more than I can depend on Arisa!
Arisa: Oh, shut up!
Tae: I'm gonna give it a go. Just watch me.
Kasumi: Ah, O-Tae? Where are you going?
Tae: ... Ah, excuse me, miss? Would you take a moment to look at this towel?
Rimi: O-Tae-chan is... even more energetic than Kasumi-chan, isn't she...?
Saya: Now that you mention it, she did say she wanted to take part in this event before. I guess she's even more enthusiastic because of that.
Tae: And this towel. You won't believe it. As you can see, it has our Poppin'Party logo on it. And I'm sure you're dying to know how much it is. Well~... Wow...!
Arisa: More like she's become the host of a shopping program! Are you sure that's okay?!
Marina: Ahahaha! Awesome~, Tae-chan! Keep up the good work!
Arisa: Seriously?!
Kasumi: I won't let O-Tae get the best of me!
Arisa: Whoa, now Kasumi's out there too!
Kasumi: Excuse me~! Do you have a moment?
Kasumi: Do you know the live house known as CiRCLE? They've been bringing together the most popular girl bands! If you'd like, please stop by our booth right over there!
Kasumi: Today we'll be performing for the event. Feel free to come check it out! Here's a flyer!
Kasumi: Ah! And you! Please, come support our show~!
Arisa: Sh-she's certainly getting a lot of flyers out, but... isn't she pushing them just a bit too hard?
Saya: Yeah, be too forceful and the attendees might feel like you're being rude...
Marina: No, I think that amount of energy is really good. I knew I had to have Kasumi-chan do that job!
Arisa: Marina-san... Don't you think you're a little too lenient with Kasumi?
Marina: No way. I think Poppin'Party's appeal is perfect for times like these.
Rimi: When you say 'times like these'... when exactly do you mean?
Marina: Well, it's like... How do I put this...?
Marina: Times when you want to plow straight ahead, no matter the situation or people involved... I suppose...
Arisa: Uhm... Is that supposed to be a compliment?
Marina: It is, it is a compliment! And a huge one, at that. At least in my opinion.
Arisa: I see...
Marina: So c'mon! Don't let Kasumi-chan and Tae-chan win! Go out there and get some people interested!
Marina: Forget about what you think you're supposed to do! Just do it!
Saya: ... Alright, shall we go then?! We can't let those two show us up, now can we?!
Rimi: Mhm, you're right! Arisa-chan, will you come with us?
Arisa: ... Whatever, fine... Alright, alright, I'm going...!
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Marina-san, we're back~! We handed out lots and lots of flyers while we were out there~!
Marina: Mhm, I was watching you girls! Nice job!
Tae: We got a lot done since so many people came to us.
Arisa: More importantly, Kasumi. You were yelling really loudly the whole time. Is your throat okay?
Kasumi: It's absolutely fine! ... Cough! Yep! Throat is A-OK!
Saya: Hey. It looks like they're about to start the performances on the main stage. Everyone seems to be moving that way.
Marina: Poppin'Party will be up first once they start with the afternoon slots. You still have a lot of time.
Marina: Since you're here, why don't you girls take a look around? You can check out the booths and the stage. I'll be okay on my own.
Kasumi: Wait, are you sure?!
Marina: Exchanging information with people from other live houses is another important aspect of taking part in this event. I'd say knock yourselves out.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks, Marina-san~!
Kasumi: So, you guys, which booth do you wanna go to?! There's one I'm really interested in! Let's go check it out! I'm pretty sure it was this way!
Saya: Ah, Kasumi! No running inside.
Kasumi: I'm not~! I'm power walking~!
Arisa: Man, that girl really is a ball of energy... Well, shall we go?
Saya, Rimi & Tae: Mhm!
