event30-01 Opening: A Request from Marina-san

Marina calls in the members of Poppin'Party to ask them for a favor...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Kasumi: Hello~!
Marina: Ah, welcome. I've been waiting.
Kasumi: Class just kept dragging on... Sorry, Marina-san!
Marina: It's no problem. Actually, I should be apologizing for calling you here on such short notice.
Kasumi: It's totally fine!
Marina: Hm? Where are the others?
Kasumi: I think they'll be here soon!
Saya: G-geez, Kasumi... I told you, you were running too fast...
Tae: ... Huff, huff, huff... We finally caught up...
Rimi: Huff, huff... Kasumi-chan, you took off as soon as we passed through the school gate. We had no idea what was happening.
Kasumi: But I had to since our meeting time with Marina-san was so close...! Wait... Where's Arisa?
Arisa: Huff, huff... Phew.
Arisa: K-Kasumi... You little-
Kasumi: Ah, Arisa's here! Arisa, you're late~!
Arisa: Y-you know I'm not a very good runner, and you sprint all the way here from school?! Without a break?! Are you trying to kill me?!
Kasumi: I just thought it wouldn't be fair to make Marina-san wait.
Arisa: Says the person who had a review session! We waited for you, you know!
Kasumi: Marina-san called us here~. We can't let her sit here waiting for us, can we?! She's always looking out for and taking care of us, isn't she?!
Arisa: Exactly, and if you didn't have to attend a review session, then we would have made it on time, as planned! Use your brain a little! This isn't how you're supposed to act!
Marina: Ufufu... Kasumi-chan is so full of energy, isn't she?
Arisa: Well, if you took that away, there'd be nothing left, so...
Kasumi: That's not true~! There'd be a lot left!
Arisa: Like what?
Kasumi: Uh-uhm... Like love? Or friendship... or something?
Arisa: What are you, a manga character?!
Saya: Fufufu... Anyway, Marina-san. Did something happen for you to call us here?
Arisa: Don't tell me. Kasumi did something wrong again... Is that it?
Kasumi: Huh?! What?! I didn't do anything~! I swear, Marina-san!
Marina: You can relax, I didn't call you here for anything like that.
Kasumi: Phew... Thank goodness~. C'mon, Arisa~. Don't scare me like that~!
Marina: Actually, I have a favor to ask all of you, as the members of Poppin'Party.
Kasumi: A... favor? A favor from Marina-san is a favor we'll do! Lay it on us!
Arisa: Hold your horses! A little too quick to be making promises, don't you think?! Actually listen to what she has to say first!
Marina: Ufufu. So there's an event where people from live houses around the country gather.
Marina: Each live house will get a booth where they will be selling items, and the representatives for each live house will get on stage and put on a performance...
Tae: Ah, I think I might know that event. I believe it was called something like, "Rocking Star Festival"...
Marina: Yeah, that's the one! So you do know it.
Tae: I took part in the event when I was working my part-time job at SPACE. We sold a lot of towels, t-shirts, things like that at our booth.
Marina: I see. So I don't have to explain everything. Basically, I was thinking that I wanted Poppin'Party to give me a hand during that event.
Kasumi: Got it! Of course we'll do it! Right, you guys?!
Saya: I'm pretty used to helping out with this kind of thing, having a family store and all. I think I'll be able to make things easier on you!
Marina: H-hold on a second! Certainly I'd like for you to help with the booth and sales and stuff, but the main thing I want you girls to do is something else.
Arisa: Huh? The main thing...? What... do you mean by that?
Marina: I was thinking that I'd like you all to be the representatives of CiRCLE and perform on stage at the event for me.
Kasumi: ... What? Us... A performance... At the event?!
Rimi: On top of that... you want us to represent CiRCLE...?!
Marina: Mhm. There are plenty of bands that put on shows at this live house, but I wanted Poppin'Party to be the one to perform this time around.
Saya: Wow... That's an even bigger responsibility than I thought...
Kasumi: U-us... Being the representatives of CiRCLE?! A-are you sure you want to choose us?
Marina: Absolutely! Honestly speaking, there are many bands who have higher quality performances than Poppin'Party, but there's something about your shows that just lifts the spirit.
Marina: So I thought we could have all those people in the audience listen to you perform and let them experience that liveliness for themselves!
Kasumi: Th-thank you so much! Hearing that makes me so happy!
Marina: So will you do it?
Tae: Yes! I want to perform there!
Saya: ... O-Tae?
Arisa: Y-you know... It's not that often O-Tae jumps on an opportunity so quickly.
Tae: When I took part in that event as a member of SPACE, I thought, "One day, I wanna play on that stage." That's how fun of a show it was.
Arisa: If O-Tae feels that strongly about it... I guess we can't say no...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, let's do our very best!
Saya: Which means you have your answer, doesn't it, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Mhm, looks like everyone's in agreement! Marina-san! We look forward to working with you~!
Marina: And I look forward to working with you girls too.
