event30-03 Chapter 2: A Surprise from Kasumi

It's the day of the event, and Kasumi and the others have prepared something in secret...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Event Day]

[Event Venue]

Marina: Alright, it's finally time for the festival. Girls, let's make this day a good one!
Kasumi: So, uhhh, Marina-san... Th-this... is where the event will take place?!
Marina: Surprised at how big the venue is?
Kasumi: Of course I am! A place this huge is definitely not what we had in mind... Isn't that right, you guys?
Arisa: Y-yeah... I was thinking something maybe the size of the downtown festival...
Tae: I knew, having been here before and all.
Arisa: Might wanna fill us in on important details like that earlier, you know!
Saya: So... What are we gonna do with the flyers? We already went through the trouble of making them...
Rimi: Yeah... The homemade feeling might stand out a bit too much in a place like this...
Marina: Wait, what's that? Are you saying that you girls made them yourselves?!
Kasumi: Back when we were preparing for the Girls Band Party, I'm pretty sure a certain someone told us that this is something we can't let adults do for us.
Saya: So we decided to do a little preparation on our own and tried making our own flyers, but... they kinda don't match the vibe of this place...
Marina: How did they come out? Can you show me?
Rimi: This is what we thought we'd use...
Marina: Whoa~, these are really good! You even have a quality photo, and with this colorful Poppin'Party logo, I think it's pretty cute!
Kasumi: You think so?!
Marina: Yep! In my opinion, you should absolutely distribute these! It's okay! Be confident!
Kasumi: O-okay! Got it!
Marina: Still, you were all doing this without me knowing, huh? That sure is nice to hear.
Saya: Kasumi's the one who said we should do it to surprise you... Isn't that right?
Kasumi: Ehehe~.
Marina: Not to mention, you made so many... This had to be a tough job.
Kasumi: We all met in Arisa's basement to make them! It was so much fun, like when we were preparing for the Culture Festival!
Tae: That makes sense since being with Kasumi is like having a Culture Festival every day.
Rimi: Wah~, I understand that feeling really well.
Arisa: Though, as a result, the culture festival girl herself has to attend review sessions every week.
Kasumi: Ungh...
Marina: Ufufu... Alright, then I supposed it's my turn to surprise you girls.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Surprise... us? You have something up your sleeve too?
Marina: Right here! These are the boxes you all were carrying... Mind taking a look inside?
Arisa: Pretty sure you said we'd be selling this stuff from the booth, right? Uh, yeah... A towel... A t-shirt... Hm?!
Saya: What's wrong, Arisa?
Arisa: L-look at this...!
Saya: ... Whoa! All of these have Poppin'Party logos on them! Check it out, Kasumi!
Kasumi: Wow...! You're right...!
Marina: Well? Surprised?
Kasumi: You bet! ... Wait! Does everything in here have our logo on it?!
Marina: Yep, of course. Poppin'Party is representing CiRCLE during this event, after all.
Marina: Once you all decided you would take part in the event, I secretly put in the request for the order.
Rimi: So that's how you did it...
Kasumi: Marina-san! I want these!
Tae: Me too!
Arisa: Aren't you two a little bit overeager?! These are for sale! There's no way you can just keep them!
Marina: No, it's okay. I got enough extras for all of you.
Arisa: A-are you serious?! Yes!
Saya: Fufufu... I must be imagining things. It looks like you were the most eager one out of all of us.
Arisa: Sh-shut up!
Marina: Ahahaha. You girls can look forward to all of your Poppin'Party merch later. I'll give them to you after the event.
All: Okay~!
Saya: ... Oh, Marina-san? There's still one more box left under the table though... What is it?
Marina: Ah! That's... just my stuff. It has nothing to do with the event. You can leave it there.
Saya: Okay, gotcha.
Marina: Alright, girls! Let's make it a day to remember!
