event30-05 Chapter 4: Using Our Music...

Kasumi and the others are walking around the venue visiting booths when they find a certain something in the trash...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Event Venue]

Kasumi: Wow~! You can just feel the energy coming from every booth!
Tae: There are more than the last time I came, and the number of attendees has increased too, so it feels much more lively than before.
Saya: I figured as much. The excitement in this place is through the roof.
Kasumi: We really have to be grateful to Marina-san for giving us the opportunity to perform in a place like this!
Arisa: All of the morning performances are almost over. We should have known we wouldn't be able to see all of the booths. There are just too many.
Kasumi: Awww, but we're already here~. I want to see all of them~.
Saya: We can leave the rest of the fun for later, after we perform, no?
Kasumi: Oh! You're right!
Rimi: You're really amazing though, Kasumi-chan. No matter which booth we go too, you get along with whoever's there right away...
Rimi: I should pay closer attention. I have to learn how to do that myself...
Saya: That might be part of what Marina-san meant when she said to forget about what we think we're supposed to do...
Kasumi: ... Huh? Wait... Who are you guys talking about?
Arisa: You! Marina-san just said this. You know, you really-
Kasumi: Oh, hey! There's a commemorative photo spot over there!
Arisa: That's exactly what she was talking about!
Kasumi: Wah~, it looks so fun! Let's go do that later, you guys!
Saya: I see. So they have a picture of a live house in the background, and it makes you look like you're in the middle of a performance.
Tae: Hm? They have someone wearing a costume over there...
Kasumi: You're right! Actually, from behind, doesn't it look like Michelle?! Hey~! Look this way~!
Arisa: Watch your hand, will you?! Stop waving all of those flyers around...! Just how many do you have anyway? Geez...
Kasumi: I had to get all of these! Every single booth we went to had such a lovely flyer! I wanted them all!
Arisa: That's still too many! You're starting to look like a magician! "Pick a card, any card"...
Kasumi: But to balance it out, we handed out a lot of our own flyers too!
Arisa: I mean, yeah... We did pass out pretty much all of ours.
Saya: We might have been better off making more. Who could've imagined that we would get through the entire stack of them before the morning was over?
Kasumi: Hehe~! That just means that they were that good, doesn't it?!
Rimi: I think so. It's a good thing we worked so hard to make them!
Announcer: The performances scheduled for the morning have now ended. We will have a one-hour intermission before continuing with the performances scheduled for the afternoon. Please look forward to it.
Kasumi: Wah! They said they've gone through all the morning slots!
Tae: Which means our turn is coming up soon!
Kasumi: Time went by kinda fast while we were checking out the booths!
Saya: Alright, why don't we go meet up with Marina-san? Uhm... Where was the CiRCLE booth again?
Arisa: I'm sure it was to the right after you enter, so... Over there, no?
Saya: Ah, before that, mind if I stop by the trash can? I wanna throw out this bottle.
Kasumi: Ah, Saya~, I'll go with you~!
Kasumi: Uhh, the trash can is...
Kasumi: ... Huh? Th-this... is...
Saya: Hm? Kasumi? What's wrong?
Arisa: Hello? Kasumi? Why are you dragging your feet? Hurry up, so we can meet up with Marina-san... Hm? Kasumi? What happened?
Kasumi: Look... Inside this trash can...
Saya: In here...? Ah!
Rimi: The flyers we made...
Kasumi: Wh-why...? Why would someone do something so mean?
Saya: ... Kasumi.
Kasumi: I mean, we poured our hearts into making these! And yet...!
Kasumi: And yet... we end up finding them in a place like this?! It's so messed up!
Saya: M-mhm. I understand how you feel, Kasumi. I do. But look how many people there are here... I'm sure some of them just wanted to lighten their load...
Kasumi: Still, it's like saying they don't care about who we are, right?
Kasumi: That's just cruel...
Tae: Hey, Kasumi... I get where you're coming from, but... you know this happens at live houses all the time, right? I worked part-time at one, so I know.
Kasumi: ... O-Tae?
Tae: You'd see the flyers of bands that people didn't know balled up and littered all over the place...
Tae: However, once those bands started becoming popular, those flyers would be gone in the blink of an eye. That's why...
Tae: We just have to make them take another look at us using our music. Let's make them regret ever throwing them out!
Kasumi: Use our music... to make them take another look...
Arisa: O-O-Tae... Sometimes, you have an incredibly sharp tongue...
Kasumi: ... Eheh. I see. Yeah. If they didn't want to know about us before, we just have to make them take another look...
Kasumi: ... Mhm. Let's take what's great about Poppin'Party... and share it with the world!
