event30-02 Chapter 1: A Guitar at Rest

Kasumi and the others are filled with excitement as they prepare for the event. What happens when they hear about what will be for sale the day of the event...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Kasumi: Ah~, only one more week until the event, huh~? I'm getting kinda nervous~.
Marina: Your song turned out well though, don't you think? You'll be fine. No need to worry.
Rimi: Phew~... It's such a relief to hear you say that, Marina-san.
Saya: I totally get that. It's like Marina-san's words have a certain weight to them.
Marina: Hey, cut it out~. My words have nothing of the sort!
Kasumi: Speaking of, Marina-san! You said we were going to be helping with sales at the booth during the event, right?
Marina: Mhm. It'd make a huge difference if you guys could lend a hand.
Marina: ... Ah, that's right! The merch we'll be selling is down in the basement in storage.
Marina: Sorry to bother you with this, but could you bring that stuff up here? It's in a cardboard box. One of the employees is going to come pick it up later in the day.
Saya: Merch...? You mean like stickers and badges, stuff like that?
Marina: There's that, towels, t-shirts... We've made a bunch of things in preparation for this event.
Kasumi: T-towels and t-shirts?! Awesome~!
Marina: I hate to ask, but do you mind?
Kasumi: Got it! To get to the basement storage, we pass by the stage, right?
Marina: That's right. Once you're in, you'll see the box on the right, toward the back. Thanks in advance!
Kasumi: Okay~! We'll be right back, then~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Circle - Basement Storage]

Arisa: Cough... Cough! Ngh, it's kinda dusty in here...
Saya: Pretty sure she said... you walk in, and it's to the right, toward the back...
Tae: Ah, maybe this is it? It has a note on it that says, "For Event."
Arisa: Nice. Alright, let's take it and get outta h-
Kasumi: Hey, hold on a sec'!
Arisa: What, Kasumi?! I'm not trying to spend my day surrounded by dust! Cough, cough!
Kasumi: But we never get to come here, right? We should try exploring a little bit!
Arisa: Exploring...? You really do have the brain of a manga character in there, don't you?
Kasumi: I know your basement is interesting and all, Arisa, but don't you think this place is too?! Look, like this wall! There are so many flyers and posters up!
Rimi: Wow, you're right! I guess these are all of the bands that have performed at CiRCLE up until now?
Saya: Seeing it like this makes you realize just how many there are...
Saya: You know... The fact that we're representing CiRCLE at this event could mean that we're also carrying, what one might call, its history on our shoulders.
Rimi: Yeah... It kind of makes you feel differently about things, doesn't it?
Tae: Hm? Guys, check this out. Someone left behind an electric guitar... And of all places, in here.
Arisa: Huh? Is it really strange that someone would put a guitar in storage here? CiRCLE does lend out instruments too.
Tae: That's not it. There are stickers on it and stuff. I think this is someone's personal guitar. It's pretty used, but it's also been well cared for.
Rimi: Yeah... It feels like someone really treasures it.
Kasumi: Maybe it was forgotten...? For now, let's just tell Marina-san.
Saya: Alright. Everyone, find something to carry.
Kasumi: Yeah~! Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Kasumi: Marina-san~! Where should we put this~?
Marina: Thank you. Let's see... Put it up against that wall so it doesn't get in the way.
Kasumi: Okay~, will do~! And~... there.
Marina: Pretty heavy, huh? You girls are life savers!
Kasumi: Hey hey, Marina-san! There was an electric guitar left in the basement. Did someone forget to take it with them by any chance?
Marina: Ah, you mean the one with the stickers on it?
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! That's the one!
Marina: That's... actually my guitar.
Kasumi: What?! Your guitar?!
Marina: That's right. I had it at home for the longest time, but no way I could hook it up to an amp and play it there, right?
Marina: That's why I brought it here and left it in storage. Occasionally, when I feel the need to rock, I get a few chords in.
Kasumi: You play guitar, which means... Don't tell me... You were in a band too, Marina-san?! If you don't mind, I wanna hear everything about it!
Tae: I would too.
Marina: ... Ahaha. Hey, there's no reason to bore you with the details. I'll share when the time comes.
Kasumi: Aww~! But I wanna know~!
Marina: Besides, it's not even that interesting.
Marina: ... Now! Let's prepare for the event!
Kasumi: ... Okay~. But you have to tell us one day~!
Marina: Ufufu. Understood. I will.
