event247-05 Chapter 4: The Most Important Place

Himari tries to talk to Ran so they can have lunch together on the rooftop.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy Class 3-A]

Himari: Hshs... Okay, Ran~!
Ran: Himari?
Himari: Do you have time after this? Why don't you have tea with me!?
Ran: ... I'm doing flower arrangement today, so I don't have time.
Himari: ... But not right away, right? I saw your schedule in the group message!
Ran: I'm not... I have to do some preparation first.
Himari: ... Okay, 30 minutes! No, 15 minutes is fine! Please...!
Ran: …
Himari: I really want to talk to Ran~! --Huh?
Himari: Ran, that mascot amulet you're wearing on your bag, isn't it frayed?
Ran: What? Oh, it is.
Himari: I'll fix it for you!
Himari: The place is~... my house. It takes less than 15 minutes. See?
Ran: ... Okay. Please.
Himari: Yay~! Then, let's go! Come on, hurry up!
Ran: Wait, don't push me...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Uehara Residence - Himari's Room]

Ran: I haven't been in Himari's room for a long time... Ah, I miss this donut cushion.
Ran: You bought it at a knick-knack store we all visited when we were in middle school, right?
Himari: Yeah! It's still my favorite. Here you go... the cushion. Feel free to sit on it.
Ran: Hmm, thanks.
Himari: Now I'm going to clean up the stuffed amulet. Thread the needle... Mmm-hmm♪
Ran: Why are you in such a good mood...?
Himari: Because you've been wearing this amulet so much it's frayed to this point.
Himari: By the way, before I knew it... you moved it from your instrument case to your school bag, didn't you?
Ran: Well...
Ran: So... I thought you had something to tell me, right?
Himari: Yeah. I have so much I want to talk about with you.
Himari: Ran, come back up to the rooftop.
Himari: I want us to have lunch together...
Ran: ----
Himari: We all are worried about Ran being alone-- Wait, what's wrong?
Ran: No, I... I thought you were talking about disbanding.
Himari: I'd like to talk about that too... but the fact that we're not spending time together anymore is more important.
Ran: Hmm... but I made Himari and everyone else sad by talking about disbanding.
Himari: That really doesn't matter... does it?
Himari: ... To be honest, when I heard about disbanding, I didn't understand it at all.
Himari: I never thought Ran would be thinking something like that, and my mind went blank…
Himari: I was so upset that I had no idea about what was going on. But…
Himari: When I thought about what Ran was trying to tell me, I thought you were amazing.
Ran: Amazing?
Himari: Ran, you want to leave the band because you want to focus more on flower arrangement, right?
Himari: I think that's a great determination.
Ran: ... No, it's not.
Himari: Is that so~? For me, it means working hard at cram school, right? But maybe that's a little different.
Himari: But... yeah. No matter what, I don't think I can leave the band…
Himari: After all, I can do my best because of the band.
Himari: Even if I am fighting my own battles, when I get back to the band, everyone else is there. When we all work together, we get so much power.
Himari: I feel like I can challenge just about anything. I think there are a lot of things I couldn't have done without the band.
Ran: ...I kind of understand. But I'm just scared that precious place of ours will crack and fade someday.
Himari: You said so. But I don't understand Ran's feelings.
Himari: For me, Afterglow will always be Afterglow…
Ran: Yeah, that's right. I'm sorry. I can't see the future that everyone else sees.
Himari: You don't have to apologize. I'm not trying to change Ran's mind.
Himari: I just wanted you to know how I feel today.
Himari: Ran, you told me how you felt, and I felt it would be unfair if I didn't tell you.
Himari: As a band member and as a friend, I always want to be honest with Ran.
Ran: Himari...
Himari: Ran, don't forget this. Even if the future we see is different…
Himari: As Ran's friend, I want to be a place and presence where you can always feel at ease, do your best in flower arrangement, and you can always come back to.
Ran: Yeah...
Himari: --Okay, it's done~! Here you go... the amulet is now beautiful.
Ran: Thanks. Well, I guess I should get going now.
Himari: I'll walk you to the front entrance -- Wait, hold up~!?
Ran: W-what, all of a sudden?
Himari: I'm not done talking yet! I called you here today to convince you to have lunch with us!
Ran: No, like I said before, that's…
Himari: No! I won't let you go until you say you're going to join us!
Ran: Isn't that too messed up...?
Himari: It doesn't matter if it's messed up! Just say you want to eat with us!
Himari: We all are waiting for Ran to come to the rooftop again.
Ran: … I see.
Himari: Really!?
Ran: Well, I really... wanted to eat with you all... but before that, I want to talk with you all one more time.
Ran: Actually, there's still something I wasn't able to tell you yet…
Ran: So I want to talk about it at the next band practice. Then let me decide about the rooftop thing…
Himari: ... Okay. Let's talk about it and get together on the rooftop again.
Ran: Yeah... I hope so.
