event247-06 Chapter 5: The Best Live Show

The day of the meeting between Ran and Tomoe. Tomoe enters the studio first and plays the drums, but...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Band Practice Day - Before Meeting Time]

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Tomoe: ... Hideous.
Tomoe: (What's with the performance just now? Ran, disbanding... so many things are spinning around in my head and I can't concentrate at all.)
Tomoe: (While the GBT semi-finals are coming up, what am I doing? Get a grip, me!)
Moca: Found you, Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: Moca?
Moca: You seem to have a lot of problems~. Did playing the drums not make you feel better?
Tomoe: ... I guess. Moca, did you come here to play the guitar too?
Moca: Yes, I did. I was thinking about what I could do, but I'm getting more and more confused~.
Moca: I wanted to change my mind before talking to Ran.
Tomoe: I've been thinking a lot about what our satisfactory answer would be.
Moca: I don't have a clue where to start. It's like being in a maze.
Moca: We and Ran both know that we want to give the best live show.
Tomoe: The closer we get to the goal, the closer Ran's feelings are to disbanding... right?
Moca: It's troubling, isn't it? The dream of Afterglow will be the trigger for the end of Afterglow.
Tomoe: I don't know how we should feel going on stage now.
Tomoe: “If we don't perform live at our best, we won't have to disband...” That thought came to my mind...
Tomoe: It's really a joke, isn't it?
Tomoe: Whether it's practice or a live show, we aim to be the best at all times. That's what Afterglow is all about, so what am I thinking?
Moca: ...Tomo-chin, do you feel a bit revived~?
Tomoe: Just a little bit. Nothing has changed in the current situation, but I think the one thing I can't change is my determination to never give up.
Tomoe: I'm not going to let Afterglow come to an end.
Moca: I knew you'd be so cool, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: What are you talking about? It's thanks to Moca for listening to my whiny story in the rain.
Tomoe: I'm going to keep struggling until I find the answer. I'll do whatever it takes to find it.
Tomoe: So, Moca. That ticket... Can I use it now?
Moca: That ticket? Ah... you mean the “I'm Available To Consult With You Anytime Ticket"?
Tomoe: I'm afraid I'll end up thinking too much if I'm alone, so I want to think about it with you.
Moca: …
Moca: Of course~. If Moca-chan and Tomo-chin team up, we've got a decisive advantage!
Tomoe: Yeah!
Moca: Okay, Tomo-chin. Can I tell you one thing~?
Moca: I don't know if this is a clue, I just had an idea.
Moca: That was the day when I was thinking about Afterglow so much that steam came out of my head.
Tomoe: It sounds like the beginning of a story...
Moca: I thought this was no good, so I hurriedly ate some bread, when a revelation came to me~.
Moca: What is the “best live show” in the first place? I wondered…
Tomoe: Wonder what... The best live show is the best live show, right?
Tomoe: It's a cool stage where all our feelings come together and the audience gets involved in our passionate live show.
Moca: Yeah, it's the stage we've "always" been on.
Tomoe: Yeah. If we continue to pursue that coolness, it will be the best live show someday--.
Tomoe: -- Huh? Isn't something strange? We've been performing on stages that we think are cool, right?
Tomoe: (What's this strange feeling? I can't say it well, but...)
Tomoe: (The goal I should have been able to see even if it was far away until now, suddenly seems blurry...)
Moca: Right? Once it doesn't feel right, It's always on your mind, isn't it?
Tomoe: … Moca. Isn't that the first thing we need to think about?
Tomoe: Even in this situation, the best live show was the only same view we could see…
Tomoe: If that view is wrong, Afterglow won't be able to go anywhere.
Moca: Yeah, we'll just get even more lost if we just run around aimlessly.
Moca: Also, did you know, Tomo-chin? The color of the sunset can change the weather for the next day.
Moca: Then, if the view of our best live show is different, then the future might change too.
Tomoe: -- Let's find out. What's the best? What's the legend?
Tomoe: What's the answer that satisfies us in our own way? --
(Black cut)
(Background change)
