event247-01 Opening: Same As Always, No More

The gap between Ran and Tomoe gradually widens over the disbanding of Afterglow...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Tomoe, Moca & Tsugumi: …
Himari: That was a good run, wasn't it? We didn't make a single mistake, and our music was in sync with each other!
Himari: I knew we would do great! With this, we can easily make it into the GBT semi-finals!
Tomoe: ... No, our music didn't have any feeling at all.
Moca: That's right. We were just playing according to the score.
Himari: Well, that's~...
Tomoe: Well, I was the worst. I'm sorry... I wasn't focused at all.
Ran: …
Tsugumi: W-Well, then let's practice. If we can't do it, we must keep trying until we can do it!
Himari: You said it, Tsugu! We still have time, let's do one more song!
Himari: All's well that ends well, right? Let's give a final performance to be called “This is truly Afterglow”!
Tomoe: ... I guess so. We don't have much time left before the semi-finals. We need to get as good as we can.
Moca: We even declared war on the band we're going to play against at the GBT. It would be embarrassing if we play in an uncool way.
Tsugumi: It seems like our show is getting a lot of attention on social media.
Tsugumi: In the GBT, you should keep an eye not only on RAS, but also on Afterglow.
Himari: We have to live up to their expectations! Okay, let's play that song again--.
Ran: ... Sorry. Is it okay if we just end here after all?
Ran: I have a flower arrangement gathering after this... I want to leave the studio with time to spare.
Himari: Oh... Now that you mention it, I saw that on your schedule in the group message.
Himari: Well, I guess that's it for today.
Tomoe: I thought we were going to devote as much time as possible to GBT.
Himari: Wait, Tomoe...!
Ran: Yes, that's the plan. But I don't want to cut corners in flower arrangement either...
Tomoe: …
Moca: Okay, okay, let's hurry up and clean up~. We'll be a nuisance for the next group otherwise.
Tsugumi: That's right. I'll pack up the cables.
Ran: ... Thanks. I'll go to the reception.
Himari: Tomoe~! Why did you talk like that~!
Tomoe: ... Sorry. Oh, God! What am I doing ...?
Tomoe: I didn't mean to say that…
Moca: It can't be helped. None of us has been able to sort out our own feelings since then--.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the GBT Final 8]

Ran: I... want us to play the ultimate show and forge our legend while we're still in high school.
Ran: I want to achieve all the dreams the five of us dreamed of together... and after that, let's end Afterglow.
Himari: Jeez... Stop joking. Ah, you're trying to tease me together with Moca, aren't you?
Himari: Too bad! You're not fooling me. Right, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan…
Himari: You should tell her too, Tomoe. No one believes that~.
Tomoe: ... Ran, you're serious, aren't you?
Himari: T-Tomoe…
Ran: I'm serious. I really want us to give it our all while we're still in high school, and put an end to Afterglow.
Ran: If we could give the best live show at GBT, win the championship, and become a legend... I'll have no regrets--.
Tomoe: !... Don't be ridiculous! I won't accept it! Don't try to make Afterglow a thing of the past on your own!
Himari: Tomoe…
Himari: Ran, why...? Why do you want to do that?
Ran: … We're so busy now that it's hard to even find time to practice, right?
Ran: Each of us is trying new things, and it's getting harder and harder to keep up with the band.
Ran: I think the more our world expands, the more new things we will encounter.
Ran: And... we'll have less and less time for the band.
Tomoe: That's impossible...!
Ran: Are you sure it won't happen? Actually, it's happening right now.
Tomoe: Ugh...!
Ran: I'm sure this is the last time we can devote all our energy to the band...
Ran: After that, Afterglow will just fade away. I don't want to see Afterglow like that.
Ran: Thus I want Afterglow to come to an end while shining brightly... That's what I thought.
Tomoe: ...Then we all should find a way to stop that from happening.
Tomoe: Don't say you can't have it both ways on your own! Don't assume the future we'll see...!
Ran: ---
Tomoe: Is this the last time we can devote all our energy? Will Afterglow just fade away?
Tomoe: No way! Afterglow will always be Afterglow.
Tomoe: There is no way that our special place will ever go away... No matter what happens, we can keep shining...
Moca: Tomo-chin…
Ran: I'm sorry... But I still don't think so.
Tomoe: Ugh... Just... Why...?
Himari: Sob... Sob...
Moca & Tsugumi: …
Ran: Anyway, I think Afterglow should break up. After we have the best live show at GBT and win the championship…
Ran: I'm sorry I didn't tell you before…
(White cut)
