event247-03 Chapter 2: May All Our Wishes Come True

Himari's words encourage Tomoe and friends. Tsugumi finds out Himari's hidden feelings...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Well then, I'll be off here. See you later.
Moca: Ah. I had a place to stop by. Tomo-chin, let's go together part of the way~.
Himari: See you both later! Bye!
Himari: Hmm~, maybe I'm kind of hungry.
Tsugumi: Then, do you want to stop by my place?
Tsugumi: We've recently introduced a new seasonal cake. It's a mille crepe cake filled with strawberries.
Tsugumi: It's been a hit with our customers, and many of them keep coming back.
Himari: Wow, it must be absolutely delicious!
Himari: Sweet and sour strawberry, sticky dough, and sweet whipped cream~...
Himari: Ugh, I'm getting more and more hungry~. But I'll hold out…
Tsugumi: Is it because you want to eat it with Ran-chan after all?
Himari: Yeah... I don't know if it'll work, but I'd make it a wish or something like that.
Tsugumi: I see... Himari-chan, can I make that wish too?
Tsugumi: If we do it together, it'll be twice as effective, right?
Himari: Tsugu... what a good girl~!
Tsugumi: That's not true. I always count on Himari-chan, so I just want to help you out even a little.
Himari: ? Did I do anything to make you count on me...?
Tsugumi: You did a lot. When I failed in the third round of GBT, you encouraged me by saying, "It's okay".
Tsugumi: Even just now, I was encouraged by your "It's okay".
Tsugumi: I know you must have been shocked to hear about disbanding... I should have been the one to support you.
Tsugumi: I want to support you too. But I can only do something like this.
Himari: No... it's enough.
Himari: … sniff.
Tsugumi: H-Himari-chan!?
Himari: Ahaha... I'm sorry. I feel relieved...
Himari: ... Actually, I'm not sure if we can get back to the relationship we had with Ran.
Himari: We've been watching the same Afterglow all this time, so I wonder what went wrong.
Himari: I wonder if we can really get through this.
Himari: I was just telling myself, "It's okay" to make my legs stop shaking, even if just a little.
Himari: Just a little to get me out of my cowardice.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan... When you talk to Ran-chan, do you want me to go with you?
Himari: Sniff... no. Tsugu and Moca were trying their best not to worry Tomoe and me.
Himari: Then it's my turn.
Himari: I have to face them properly. As a friend, as the leader of Afterglow.
Himari: And Tsugu's words gave me courage too. Thank you.
Tsugumi: …
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, can I ask you to wait a bit?
Himari: Eh? Yeah, okay, but...
Tsugumi: Thanks! I'll be right back...!
Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting! Here you go... Seasonal strawberry mille crepe cake.
Himari: What's the matter with this?
Tsugumi: This is the only thing I can do right now to cheer you up...
Tsugumi: But I want to help my precious childhood friend who always tries her best for her friends.
Tsugumi: I hope you'll eat it. If it's a present, then you won't be breaking your wish, right?
Himari: Tsugu…
Tsugumi: Even though your legs are shaking, Himari-chan keeps pulling us along. You're so strong!
Tsugumi: But don't try too hard on your own, okay?
Tsugumi: I'll be... No, we'll be right here with you.
Himari: Fufu... I never thought you'd tell me, "Don't try too hard."
Tsugumi: I guess you're right.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, "it's okay".
Himari: ! … Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
