event247-02 Chapter 1: It's Okay

What will happen to Afterglow? Tomoe and friends are feeling anxious, but Himari...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After Practice]

[Walking Home]

Moca: Man~, it's been raining a lot lately~.
Tsugumi: Yeah... It's unusual for this season, right? Is there a rainy season in winter?
Moca: When it's this cold, the delicate Moca-chan freezes~. Help me~, oh great goddess Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Haha... Then why don't we stop by a family restaurant? Maybe a hot drink will warm you up.
Moca: Sounds good~. I'll order hot cocoa. What do you want, Tomo-chin and Hii-chan?
Himari: I'm... No, I don't think so. Ran isn't here. I don't think it's right for the four of us to go there now.
Moca: ... I see. That's too bad.
Tomoe: Sorry... It's my fault. Ran left first because I said unnecessary things…
Moca: That's not true. Ran went home before us because she had a flower arrangement gathering.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan didn't say that to blame Ran-chan. We all know that.
Tsugumi: I'm the one to blame. I knew about the breakup and couldn't do anything about it. So, the atmosphere at practice got worse…
Moca: That makes it my fault too~. I noticed that something was wrong with Ran, but I pretended not to notice.
Tomoe: Ahaha... We're always apologizing, aren't we? I really don't know how it came to this.
Tomoe: I thought Afterglow was something that would never end.
Tomoe: Ah, of course we have no intention of ending it. But... when I heard about her talk about disbanding, I realized something again.
Tomoe: I realized that everything has to come to an end. That's why I--
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tomoe: Ah. We'll always be Afterglow from now on!
Himari: Yeah, yeah! Afterglow is forever!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tomoe: Maybe I was telling myself that it would never end, and it would go on forever...
Moca: Tomochin... You're thinking too much.
Tomoe: ... All that's left is "two more times".
Himari: Two more times...?
Tomoe: The semifinals and the finals of GBT…
Tomoe: Maybe those two times will be the end of Afterglow.
Himari: Eh…
Tomoe: It's short. I don't know if it's good or bad that I realized this at this time...
Tsugumi: Two more times…
Moca: …
Himari: You all…
Himari: ------------
Himari: It's okay.
Tsugumi: !
Himari: Afterglow will never end.
Himari: I'm not saying this to convince you. I'm just saying the obvious, because it's going to go on forever.
Himari: Don't give up. There must be our own answer.
Himari: Absolutely... It absolutely has to be there. Let's all find it together.
Tomoe: Himari...
Tsugumi: Yeah... It's not too late, right? It's not that we only have two chances, it's that we have as many as two chances.
Moca: Wow~, as expected from our Hima-leader, I'm grateful for your kind words~.
Himari: Also... I'll have to have a proper talk with Ran, too.
Himari: We haven't had lunch together since the day I heard about disbanding...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan stopped coming up to the rooftop... I think she feels responsible.
Himari: I should tell her that's not true.
Himari: I know we have different opinions, but... that's two entirely separate matters.
Himari: We're the best childhood friends and the best band, Afterglow.
Himari: We absolutely can't stop being together because of that! Don't you all want to have lunch with Ran?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I want all of us to get together with a smile on the roof again.
Moca: That's right!~. Everybody's gotta get together to listen to Moca-chan's bun talk~.
Tomoe: Me too... We ended up this way, but it's not like I wanted us to fall out with each other or anything like that.
Himari: Yeah, so leave it to me! I'll go talk to Ran.
Himari: I've heard about how Ran is feeling, but I haven't told her how I'm feeling yet.
Himari: Ran, wait for me~.
Moca: Wow~, I can feel Hii-chan's spirit so vividly~. It feels like the rain has gotten somewhat stronger...?
Moca: As expected of Hima-leader. It seems you've awakened to the power to control the weather~. Now the world belongs to Afterglow~.
Himari: That can't be true~! Come on~, Moca is a joker even at times like this.
Tsugumi: Fufufu…
(Black cut)
(Background change)
