event247-04 Chapter 3: One Of Many Skies

Looking up at the sunset, Tomoe realizes how special the scenery she took for granted is--

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: …
Moca: Tomo-chin, Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: …
Moca: Tomochin, watch out~
Tomoe: ... What?
Tomoe: Ah…
Moca: That's what I told you~ Ah, your shoes are soaking wet~
Moca: I can't believe you didn't notice such a big puddle. You must be too absent-minded~.
Tomoe: Ugh, what am I doing…?
Moca: What were you thinking about~?
Tomoe: ... About how much time we have left.
Moca: Only two more stages left? That's pretty serious, isn't it~?
Moca: In that remaining time, we need to find an answer that satisfies us in our own way.
Tomoe: Moca... do you think we'll find it?
Moca: I don't know... But we have to find it. What do you think, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Of course I feel the same way. But...
Tomoe: Time has flown since we formed Afterglow.
Tomoe: That's how I feel after 4 years, so I feel like two stages are just a blink of an eye.
Moca: Yeah... I'm sure it's just a blink of an eye. If you blink, it's already over.
Tomoe: …
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Hey, Moca?
Moca: Hmm? What?
Tomoe: We've seen a lot of skies together up till now, haven't we?
Tomoe: The sky on a sunny day, the sky on a rainy day, the sky on a cloudy day, the sky on a windy day.
Tomoe: I have many memories of each sky, but the best is the sunset. There is no better sky.
Tomoe: It was under that sky that Afterglow began.
Moca: It is also the origin of our band name.
Tomoe: No matter what time of day, when we looked up at the sky, there was the beautiful crimson color...
Tomoe: But maybe I was wrong.
Tomoe: The sky has sunny days, rainy days, cloudy days, windy days... the sunset is one of those skies.
Tomoe: That's why it was so special, it looked so dazzling and shining. I finally realized that.
Tomoe: It's too late for that, right? I wonder why I'm only realizing this now...
Moca: Hey, hey, Tomo-chin~. Are you free after this~?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: What? Oh, yeah, until my part-time job starts.
Moca: Then let's go to Yamabuki Bakery~.
Moca: Moca-chan feels lonely going alone so I'd be happy if you came with me.
Tomoe: Yamabuki Bakery, huh? I haven't been there recently.
Moca: Eating bread will refresh your head, and you'll feel refreshed~.
Moca: Maybe we'll even find our answers in our own way~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, that would be amazing. But... I think I'll pass. I'd rather think about it alone a bit more.
Moca: Eh~, even though we talked about so many things~?
Tomoe: That's true, but... I'm still having trouble sorting out my feelings.
Moca: Come on~, Tomo-chin's so stubborn~.
Moca: Guess it can't be helped~ Wait a minute~ Let's see... Ah, maybe this would work.
Tomoe: ?
Moca: Here you go…
Tomoe: “I'm Available To Consult With You Anytime Ticket”...? Is this a stamp card or something?
Moca: Moca-chan made it myself. It's for permanent use~.
Tomoe: Come to think of it, when I was little, I used to make my own stamp cards...
Tomoe: Moca... Thanks.
Moca: No problem~... I don't know what's going to happen in the future, but we'll figure it out together and try our best.
Tomoe: Yeah.
Moca: Well then, Moca-chan is headed this way~ Farewell~
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... It's not going to stop raining. The sunset should be spreading on the other side of those clouds by now.
Tomoe: (Afterglow is a place created for the five of us to be together. In that sense, it's served its purpose.)
Tomoe: (Even without Afterglow, we can still be together.)
Tomoe: (But -- I love the band. Before I knew it, I was hooked, practicing day in and day out...)
Tomoe: (When I noticed it, it was dazzling and shining like a “sunset”)
Tomoe: ... I'll think it over.
Tomoe: (There's no time to be depressed. If we don't want to lose it, we have to reach out for it.)
Tomoe: (To cherish our special things forever --.)
(White cut)
