event247-07 Ending: To Find The Real "Best"

The discussion about Afterglow begins. First to speak is Tomoe...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: It's about time for the studio, huh? ... I'll get ready.
Ran: (I have to tell them all properly...)
Ran: ("I don't want to see our Afterglow fade away" The true feelings that were hidden behind such a nice-looking reason--)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: Ran, you want to leave the band because you want to focus more on flower arrangement, right?
Himari: I think that's a great determination.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ran: （Himari, that's not true. I'm just not confident that I can manage both the band and flower arrangement.)
Ran: （Tomoe's words made me realize that --.)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Tomoe: Don't say you can't have it both ways on your own! Don't assume the future we'll see...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ran: (I want to become a flower arrangement artist. I've been more focused on flower arrangement than ever before.)
Ran: (That made it harder for me to spend time on the band...and I got scared.)
Ran: (Someday Afterglow would fade away little by little...)
(Background change)
Ran: (I just turned my eyes away from my own weakness. And I tried to apply that weakness to everyone else...)
Ran: ... I have to apologize.
Ran: （I want to take care of Afterglow. --That feeling will never change.)
Ran: （Right now, the only choice I have is to disband... to be the best and the strongest until the end.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Tomoe, Moca, Tsugumi & Ran: …
Himari: Okay, then, let's start the Afterglow meeting~!
Tomoe, Moca, Tsugumi & Ran: …
Himari: ? What's wrong? You're looking stunned.
Ran: No, I was surprised how you could start with such energy in this atmosphere.
Tomoe: Same as Ran. Himari, you're amazing.
Himari: I mean, there's no point in having a discussion together if we just keep silent, right?
Himari: We only have a limited amount of time in the studio, so we have to keep talking!
Tomoe: ... That's true. I agree.
Tomoe: Okay. Then can I start first, Ran?
Ran: ... Yeah.
Tomoe: I've been thinking a lot lately, which is out of character for me.
Tomoe: I've been so confused and depressed... I was really not cool.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Tomoe: But talking with Moca freed me of a lot of things.
Tomoe: Then, maybe I might have found a breakthrough.
Himari: A breakthrough?
Tomoe: Yeah, the key phrase is "The color of the sunset can change the weather for the next day"!
Ran: Well... What do you mean?
Moca: Tomo-chin, Tomo-chin. The sunset is just an example. You have to be more direct.
Tomoe: I-I see! Well, what I'm trying to say after all is that we need to find a goal!
Himari: A goal… isn't it to have the best live show?
Tomoe: That's right! But it's not enough as it is now. We need to find the real best live show!
Tsugumi: Well, um, the best live show is a goal, but... you mean, it's not the real goal as it is now, or...?
Himari: Say it so I can understand it better~!
Moca: We've always done a cool performance on any stage, right?
Tsugumi: Yes, we have. To reach the best live show someday, right...?
Moca: What Tomo-chin wants to say is, is that really true? I mean, if we keep playing cool, will we be able to have the best live show?
Ran: Is it not true?
Moca: Don't you think we've been playing cool for a long time? After the live show, we were satisfied with how good we felt.
Moca: I thought it was strange that we didn't have the best live show, even though we played so well that we were satisfied.
Ran: Ah...
Ran: Maybe to achieve the best live show, it's not enough to just play cool?
Tomoe: That's right, that's it! We've kept running without knowing what the best live show is!
Tsugumi: I see... We believed that if we're cool, we'll get there someday, but we didn't have a concrete idea of what kind of live show it would be.
Tomoe: So, why don't we seriously think about that first? What is the “best” performance for Afterglow?
Moca: Just like the weather changes the next day according to the color difference of the sunset, we might be able to change the future if we can figure it out~.
Tomoe: Yeah. If we can find the true "best," we may be able to find the answer in our own way.
Tomoe: Or rather, we must find it! I don't want to think about breaking up before we find the best.
Himari: I think that's great! If we can find the best and play the best, then there should be the best of us ahead!
Tsugumi: Yeah, I want us to become our best too. Let's think about it together!
Moca: Ran, how about you~?
Ran: Yeah... it's not bad, I think.
Tomoe: Ran...!
Himari: Yay~! It's been a while since I've heard "not bad"~!
Ran: Everyone... I have something to say to you too.
Ran: I'm sorry.
Ran: I was just trying to come up with a good reason to disband.
Ran: I just wanted us to get everything done in high school... I thought if we could do that, I could be proud that our band made it.
Tomoe, Himari, Moca & Tsugumi: …
Ran: But... I really wasn't. I just didn't have the confidence to balance the band and flower arrangement.
Ran: I was just messing you all around because of my weakness. I'm such a jerk…
Tomoe: Ran, that's enough. Thank you for talking to us.
Tomoe: Now that I know how you really feel, that's enough. I feel like we finally have the same view now.
Ran: Tomoe...
Tomoe: ... Well, I'm against disbanding! That's the only thing I can't change.
Ran: Yeah, me too... I feel bad for you all, but it doesn't change the fact that we have no choice but to disband.
Himari: I think we're both okay with that right now. If we can find the best, maybe we can find another way.
Tsugumi: Hey, everyone. Why don't we play with all our might for the first time in a while?
Moca: I agree~. We've been having frustrating practice lately.
Ran: Let's do it. I want to sing as much as I can. After that, let's find our "best"!
Ran: I don't know what will happen next... to become the new best and strongest Afterglow.
Ran: Let's prove it at GBT.
Tomoe, Himari, Moca & Tsugumi: Yeah.
(White cut)
(Background change)
