event209-05 Chapter 4: Bountiful Fortune for All!

The girls successfully gather joyous power, but something unexpected happens.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: The first sunrise of the year, white doves, Michelle, mochimaki, rallies of traditional Japanese badminton... We've experienced so many joyous things!
LOCK (Rokka): We experienced so much we might not be able to remember it all at once.
Tae: But thanks to that, I'm sure we've leveled up the charms' joyous power.
Tae: I've totally been able to feel it for some time.
Hagumi: Now that you mention it, you might be right... Hnghhh~...!
Hagumi: Yeah! I can feel it too!
Eve: This is certain to make everyone happy!
Eve: Let us hurry to deliver them with the bread from Saya-san and the croquettes from Hagumi-san!
Tae: Fufu. I wonder how our seniors will react.
Ako: Hey. Whose house are we visiting first to deliver the charms and presents?
Eve: Speaking of that, we may be a nuisance if we all visit each house together. So should we not split up into groups?
Ako: You might have a point... Rokka, let's go together!
LOCK (Rokka): Sure. I'm glad to be with you, Ako-chan.
Hagumi: Then why don't we go as a group of three?!
Tae: Yeah! Okay, Class 2E... Let's move out~!
Eve: Yeah~!
Ako: Wait, wait! We still haven't decided which houses each group is going to visit!
Tae: Ah, right. Then we'll go to~...
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? This sound... Is this festival music?
Hagumi: I bet it's the lion dance procession! It looks like they're coming from that street corner over there!
Tae: Yay! You guys, this is our chance to gather more power in the charms!
Eve: That is a good point! By having our heads bitten by Michelle-san and the dancing lions, we will have twice the amount of joy!
Tae: Yeah. I bet we'll exceed the limits of joyous power.
Hagumi: Wow~! We definitely have to have them bite our heads!
Ako: Ah, here it comes!
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what a massive procession... Are there more spectators than before?
Tae: The street is almost completely filled with people, and I can't see the dancing lions.
Hagumi: If I stand on my tiptoes, I might be able to... Hrmmm~... I can see the dancing lions' heads!
LOCK (Rokka): Doesn't it seem like the procession keeps getting closer? If we just stand in the street like this, we'll get swallowed up in the crowd of spectators!
Eve: Everyone, let us move to the edge of the road and let it pass by! Please hold hands with each other so we do not get separated!
Ako: O-okay, got it! Rokka, gimme your hand!
LOCK (Rokka): Eep, we're getting swallowed by the sea of people~!
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): Pant, pant... It finally passed us by... It took everything I had not to get swept away by the surging crowd~...
Ako: Rokka, are you okay?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah, it was because you and Eve-senpai held onto my hand... Were you okay, Ako-chan?
Ako: You held my hand, so I'm fine too!
Eve: Hagumi-san~! Tae-san~!
LOCK (Rokka): Eve-senpai...? Huh? Where are Tae-senpai and Hagumi-senpai...?
Eve: This is terrible! The two of them were swept away by the lion dance procession!
Ako & LOCK: What?!
Eve: I was holding hands with Hagumi-san, but I could not withstand the force of the procession and accidentally let go...
Eve: Ohh, Hagumi-san~! Tae-san~!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: O-Tae, are you okay?! You're not getting squished, right?!
Tae: Yeah, somehow...! But forget about me. Are the croquettes okay?
Hagumi: They're fine! I've been holding them in front of me to protect them!
Tae: Thank goodness. The bread's also fine for now. Whoa! I'm getting pushed from all over...!
Tae: So this is what a Hamburg steak feels like when it's being kneaded...!
Hagumi: O-Tae, you have to keep holding my hand! If we get separated, we'll probably never see each other again!
Tae: But if the two of us stay in the procession, we won't be able to deliver the charms, bread, and croquettes to our seniors.
Hagumi: O-Tae...?
Tae: Hagumi, with your reflexes, you should be able to get out of this crowd alone.
Tae: I'm entrusting Saya's sentiment-filled bread to you.
Hagumi: O-Tae, you can't let go of my hand! O-Tae!!
Tae: Hagumi... Deliver the charms... to our seniors...
Hagumi: O-Tae~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
