event209-07 Ending: Gifts for the New Year

With enough joyous power collected, the girls arrive at the Hikawa residence...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: Ahahahahahahaha! That's what happened after you split up with us at the shrine?! Ahahahahahaha!!
Sayo: Hina, you are laughing too much. Kitazawa-san and the others were being quite serio- Fufu.
Hina: You're laughing too~!
Sayo: Th-that was unintentional...
Hagumi: Ehehe, I'm glad it made you both so happy!
Eve: We were hoping to deliver the charms, bread, croquettes, and cheer to all of you, so this is wonderful!
Hina: Mhmm. That really charged us up! Thanks, you guys~!
Hagumi: Whoa! Hina-chan-sensei, you're hugging me too tight~!
Eve: Ufufu, what an exceptional hug!
Sayo: You have my thanks as well. Will you also be visiting the houses of Imai-san and the others?
Tae: Yes, that's the plan.
Sayo: I believe they will be quite thrilled. Imai-san seems to have reached an impasse today in particular.
Hagumi: Oh, really?! Then we should deliver her charm, bread, and croquettes right away!
Eve: We should be going now. Please do your best with your entrance exam studies!
Tae: We're rooting for you! We're really good at that, y'know.
Hagumi: If you ever feel anxious or low on energy, call us anytime!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Tae: Wow~, it's nighttime already. Handing out the charms sure took a lot of time.
Eve: But everyone was so delighted!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Hagumi: Ah, there's Ako-chin and Rokka! Hey~, over here~!
Tae: Were you able to give out the charms?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Everyone was surprised when we told them about their joyous power, but they looked so happy... I'm so glad we did all that we did today!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, is that...
Ako: It's the fireworks Hagumi said the downtown was gonna do~!
Hagumi: They're so pretty~...! It's just like you said, Eve-chin. It makes me feel kind of joyous!
Tae: Yeah. Do you think our seniors are watching them too?
Eve: Who knows...? They may still be working hard on their studying.
Hagumi: In that case, let's take a video of the fireworks and send it to them!
Ako: Awesome idea! Let's do it~!
Tae: Then I'll take it on my phone.
Ako: Are you getting a clean shot~? ... Wait. Tae, you've got it set to the front camera!
Tae: Huh?
Eve: She is right. All of us are displayed on the screen!
Hagumi: What about me? Am I showing up too?
LOCK (Rokka): If we don't hurry, the fireworks will end~!
Tae: Hold on, I need the other camera... I'll just press this button to switch it...
Tae: Okay, perfect!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank goodness~. Now we can film the fireworks.
Tae & Hagumi: ...
Eve: ... The next firework is not coming.
Ako: The firework a second ago might've been the last one...
LOCK (Rokka): What?! W-were you able to film the fireworks...?
Tae: Hmm~... Only a little bit. Let's just send it to our seniors for now. And send.
Ako: Are you sure? It was mostly just a video of all of us.
Hagumi: But it might tell them how much fun it is!
Tae: Agh~!
LOCK (Rokka): What is it now?!
Tae: We forgot something important... We didn't give them our New Year's greetings when we gave them their charms.
Hagumi: But we wished them a Happy New Year, right?
Eve: I know. You are talking about the other greeting we are meant to say!
Ako: If it's not "Happy New Year," then... Ahh~. Now that you mention it, we probably didn't say that!
Tae: Right? Let's take another video and send it to them.
Eve: That is a wonderful idea! Tae-san, please ready the front camera!
Tae: Leave it to me. I'm a pro at switching to that camera.
Tae: Okay, let's all go on three... One, two, three!
All: We look forward to another year with you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
