event209-01 Opening: New Year's Is Here~!

The girls of 2E meet at a shrine. Tae has an idea to cheer on the seniors.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Shrine]

Hagumi: Happy~...
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: New Year!!
Hagumi: Yay~! Hanging out with everyone in 2E on the New Year makes me so happy!
Hagumi: And even better, we're seeing the sunrise on New Year's Day together! This is super-duper nice~!
Tae: Hagumi, that's not the right word. You should say "joyous," not just "nice." After all, it's New Year's.
Hagumi: Gasp! Oh yeah! It should be "joyous!"
Eve: New Year's has many joyous things, after all. You are as impressive as always, Tae-san!
Tae: See? Look, everyone. That star over there is shining really brightly!
Hagumi: Wow! It's pretty and joyous!
Eve: Sniff, sniff... This smell... Everyone, I can smell something pleasantly fragrant from that stall over there!
Hagumi: You're right! It's the smell of dumplings grilling. How joyous~!
Tae: Shrines are incredible. They have lots of joyous things.
Hagumi: Mhm! But the shrine's joyous power's gonna be even more incredible this year~!
Eve: ...? What do you mean, Hagumi-san?
Hagumi: I heard that the downtown shop owners have a lot of joyful plans to liven up New Year's~!
Tae & Eve: Incredible~!
Hagumi: My dad was excited to be on the committee for the lion dance procession. He said they'll have a portable shrine, and the event will be really showy!
Hagumi: And also, this year there's even going to be a race to choose a lucky man and a lucky woman!
Tae: What're those?
Eve: People are chosen as lucky men or women when they win the fierce race held at the shrine. It is a popular event that many people participate in!
Hagumi: Wow, I see~. That's just what I'd expect from you, Eve-chin. You know so much about Japan!
Tae: Eve. Would you tell us more about Japan?
Eve: Of course! Okay. Ahem...
Eve: People chosen as lucky men or women receive lots of luck from spirits. And it is said they then share that luck with the people around them.
Hagumi: Does that mean... people who win the race can become super joyous?!
Eve: Yes! I am sure they will have many good things happen to them!
Tae: Y'know, when I drew a "great blessing" fortune long ago, my Hamburg steak at dinner was bigger than usual. If I became a lucky woman, would it get even bigger?
Eve: I am sure it would!
Hagumi: Then I wanna be a lucky woman! And then, I'll share a lot of good things with everyone! That'll make everyone smile.
Tae: Hagumi, you're a genius! I'll be a lucky woman too!
Eve: Then let us all participate in the race and aim to be lucky women!
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: Yeah~!
Announcer: Everyone, there are ten minutes left until sunrise. Please gather around the front shrine.
Tae: Ah. Sounds like it's almost time. Let's go, you guys.
Eve: Before we do, may I purchase some charms? I would like to give Aya-san and the others charms for academic achievement.
Hagumi: Huh? But Eve-chin. Didn't you say you gave charms to Aya-senpai and the others before?
Eve: I did.
Tae: I got it! You're giving them all one more charm to increase the power. Because those are joyous too.
Eve: That is right! Because I want to support everyone even more!
Hagumi: In that case, let's give charms to Kaoru-kun and the other people studying for their college entrance exams!
Tae: Agreed! Should we give about one hundred?
Eve: I think that is perfect! ... Ah! But would the shrine have that many charms on hand...?
Hagumi: G-good point~! What do we do~...? At this rate, we won't be able to cheer everyone on~...!
Tae: It's okay. There's a way to give a single charm as much joy as one hundred.
Eve: Is there really, Tae-san?!
Tae: Yup. After all, you can find lots of joyous things at a shrine.
Tae: Let's gather all the joy at the shrine and use that to level up the charms.
Hagumi & Eve: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Look, Rokka! It's the first sunrise of the year~!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, how pretty... Seeing it at a shrine feels somewhat solemn.
Ako: I think I felt a blast of joy just now!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu. It is New Year's Day, after all... Huh? Is that Tae-senpai in that group over there?
Ako: It is. She's with Eve and Hagumi! ... But what are the three of them doing?
LOCK (Rokka): Hmm~, they have charms raised above their heads... It looks like they're praying or performing a ritual...
(White cut)
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: ...!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-their expressions are so serious! They look so intense...!
Ako: For now, let's go talk to them. Hey~, Hagumi~!
Hagumi: Hnghhh~... Hm? Ah~, it's Ako-chin! And Rokka too! Yoohoo~!
Eve: Happy New Year to both of you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): Happy New Year to you too... Um, what were you doing just now? You all had complicated looks on your faces...
Tae: We were gathering joyous power from the sunrise to level up the joy of our charms.
Ako: Level up their joy...?
LOCK (Rokka): Tae-senpai, uh... What is joyous power?
Tae: LOCK. Ako. Do you two wanna cheer on our seniors studying for their college entrance exams?
Ako: Of course! I wanna support Rin-rin and the others!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I do too! All my seniors at Haneoka and everyone in the other bands are always so helpful to me...!
Hagumi: Then let's level up charms together!
Hagumi: Here's a charm! Hold it above your head so it's in the light of the first sunrise of the year~...
Ako: Um~... Like this?
Eve: Well done, you two! Now we must will the joyous power of the sunrise to gather in the charms!
Tae: Here we go~!
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: Hnghhh~...!
LOCK (Rokka): S-seriously, what's joyous power~?!
