event209-04 Chapter 3: Sources of Good Luck?

While eating osechi, the girls talk about the meanings of the various dishes...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Hagumi: Ta-dah~! We've got osechi dishes, ozoni soup, and freshly fried croquettes that are piping hot~!
Tae: Whoa, it all looks so good~! Let's eat!
Ako: Chomp... Mmm~! Hagumi, the mashed sweet potato with candied chestnuts is sweet and so delicious!
Tae: Nice. This is so joyous!
Hagumi: Ehehe. I helped make that!
LOCK (Rokka): Are these osechi all handmade?
Hagumi: Yeah. My mom starts making them in bits at the end of the year. She says not to eat any until they're packed in the tiered boxes, but waiting is always so hard...
Eve: They are all so very delicious. The black soybeans are wonderfully plump and joyous!
LOCK (Rokka): The simmered chicken and vegetables have such a rich flavor. They taste so good~.
Hagumi: Thanks! I'll tell my mom you said that later!
Hagumi: Then I'll have~... some sweet rolled omelets! I'm gonna eat a lot this year~!
Tae: Hagumi, do you like sweet rolled omelets?
Hagumi: Yeah! Plus, when I was a kid, my mom told me that eating them makes you smarter!
Ako: Sweet rolled omelets are more or less the same as regular rolled omelets. How do they make you smarter?
Hagumi: H-huh? Now that you mention it, I wonder why that is...
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sure it's because they are made with the wish that the people who eat them will become rich in knowledge.
Eve: Osechi are good-luck charms, and each one has its own meaning!
Hagumi: What~? I didn't know that! What about mashed sweet potato with candied chestnuts?!
LOCK (Rokka): If I remember correctly, that one's said to increase your luck with money because it's gold-colored...
Ako: Then what kind of meaning does this red and white sour dish have?
Eve: Those are pickled radish and carrot strips! They carry the meaning of wishing for harmony in your household.
Ako: Wow~, I see! They're sour, so I don't really like them, but I'll make sure to eat them from now on.
Tae: Then what meaning do Hamburg steaks have?
LOCK (Rokka): H-Hamburg steaks?! Umm~... You're talking about osechi, right...?
Tae: Yeah. An osechi Hamburg steak.
Hagumi: I wanna know the meaning croquettes have! Rokka, Eve-chin. What meaning do osechi croquettes have?
LOCK (Rokka): Hamburg steaks and croquettes might not be typical osechi...
Tae: But we have them in our osechi at home.
Tae: Eating Hamburg steaks gives you energy, so you should add them to yours starting next year.
Hagumi: Croquettes have soft and flaky potatoes, and eating them makes people happy, so wouldn't they be a joyous food too?!
Eve: That is a good point. Eating the foods you like over New Year's to be energetic and happy seems joyous!
Ako: I know what you mean~! I might ask my parents to add cake and cookies to our osechi next year.
LOCK (Rokka): Wouldn't it be better to have those as snacks instead...?
Tae: Speaking of which, do they eat osechi dishes in Finland?
Eve: We do not have a custom of eating osechi or any other specific food during New Year's.
Eve: However, we do set off fireworks to celebrate it.
Eve: Seeing fireworks with your friends on a cold New Year's Eve puts you in a joyous mood!
LOCK (Rokka): Winter fireworks, huh~? That's kind of lovely.
Hagumi: In that case, we might be able to see some tonight! I heard they're going to set some off for the downtown project!
Hagumi: Ah. But I think it was set for a pretty late hour... I'll ask my mom about the schedule later!
Eve: Wow, thank you very much!
Tae: Phew, I'm full and happy. Thanks for the food.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, thank you. Your family's osechi was very delicious!
Hagumi: Ehehe. Thanks! Well, let's get back to our journey to charge the charms!
Ako: How about we play some New Year's games next? You play them during New Year's, so I bet they're joyous!
Eve: Then what about traditional Japanese badminton?
Hagumi: That definitely has to be joyous~! I wanna do a lot of rallies!
Tae: Yeah. Let's go for a hundred rallies to gather plenty of power.
Hagumi: What else~...? Ah, meditating under a waterfall might be good! A TV program I saw once said it was good for mental concentration or something!
Hagumi: That has to be joyous, right?!
Tae: Yeah, it is!
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, it isn't~! I think that's probably not the point of meditating under a waterfall.
Hagumi: Really...?! Then I wonder what else there is.
Tae: Hmm~, something joyous... LOCK, can you think of anything?
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you're asking me?! Umm~... Something like mochimaki...?
Eve: I know that! That is the event where mochi is scattered from a tall place in a shrine, right?
Ako: I've seen that on TV~!
LOCK (Rokka): I heard the shrine in my hometown used to do it long ago... My grandpa said it was quite joyous because they would invite several performers.
Tae: If we're talking about performers...
Hagumi: We've got Eve-chin and Ako-chin!
Eve: Yes! We are both involved in the performing arts!
Hagumi: We've got some mochi in the house, so I think we can do that! Let's go to the kitchen right now and try it!
Tae: Yeah~!
Ako: Huh? Hey, their idea of mochimaki might be different than what I was thinking...!
LOCK (Rokka): It's different from my idea too~! Everyone, stop, stop~!
