event209-03 Chapter 2: To the Lion Dance Procession!

The girls set their eyes on the lion dance as their next source of joyous power.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Shrine]

LOCK (Rokka): Eeek~! Wh-why is it only me~?!
Ako: Huh?! There are so many doves crowding around Rokka!
Tae: LOCK, keep the doves there just like that!
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what?!
Hagumi: It's our chance to gather up more power!
Eve: Here we go, everyone!
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: Hnghhh~...!
LOCK (Rokka): P-please finish it quickly~!
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): Pant, pant... The doves kept closing in on me one after another... This'll probably show up in my nightmares...
Ako: They're gone now, so you're okay, Rokka!
Hagumi: Rokka, you were really popular among the doves! Thanks to you, we were able to gather a lot of power!
Eve: I am certain it was because Rokka-san's kind nature was conveyed to the doves! That is wonderful!
Tae: LOCK, you're so cool. I had no idea you're a dove whisperer.
LOCK (Rokka): N-no! I'm not a dove whisperer!
Tae: Huh? It's really lively across the way. I can even hear festival music.
Hagumi: Ah! The lion dance procession has started! Let's go, you guys!
(Black cut)
Ako: Wow~. There's a portable shrine and even people drumming taiko and playing flutes!
Eve: There are two lions, so this is a splendid procession!
LOCK (Rokka): But there are way too many spectators. There's a wall of people surrounding the lions.
LOCK (Rokka): Something tells me it would be impossible to push through that to have the lions bite us...
Eve: That is a good point. Once we enter that crowd of people, we may not be able to leave it again...!
Tae: Then let's have something just as joyous as the dancing lions bite our heads.
Ako: Something just as joyous as them...? Like what?
Hagumi: Hmm~... Ah, Michelle! We should have Michelle bite us!
Eve: Michelle-san does indeed make people smile, so we may be able to receive a lot of power from her!
Tae: Michelle is amazing. I want her to bite my head right now.
Hagumi: Okay~. Follow me, everyone! Michelle's helping out downtown today!
LOCK (Rokka): P-please wait a minute! Michelle-san will be startled if we all just show up~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Michelle (Misaki): Happy New Year~. Line up if you want to play the downtown lottery~.
Saya: Yamabuki Bakery's over-the-counter sales are this way! Why not try a sampler of our freshly baked bread~?
Michelle (Misaki): Phew~... I guess the customer traffic has settled down a little.
Saya: Fufu. Michelle's a fan favorite, so she's in high demand among lots of shops during New Year's. Thanks for your hard work.
Michelle (Misaki): Well, things are busy, but they're wonderfully peaceful. I hope this year will always be as calm as thi-
Hagumi: Hey~, Michelle~!!
Michelle (Misaki): At least that's what I was hoping for, but things won't go that easily, will they...? Haha...
Hagumi: Michelle, Happy New Year! Hey, would you bite my head?
Michelle (Misaki): Huh...? Your head...?!
Eve: Please do it for me too!
Tae: Me three. Here, Michelle... Gimme a good chomp.
Michelle (Misaki): Wait, what? I don't bite people~!
Hagumi: Michelle, hurry, hurry!
Michelle (Misaki): (Aww, man. They've got that sparkle in their eyes... I don't really get what's happening, but this will probably drag on if I don't humor them...)
Michelle (Misaki): Okay, Hagumi-chan~. Everyone, stick out your heads~...
Michelle (Misaki): Chomp~. Chomp, chomp~.
Tae, Eve & Hagumi: Ooh~.
Hagumi: Thanks, Michelle~!
Tae: I kinda feel like I'm filled with joyous power.
Eve: As do I! Let us transfer it to the charms right away!
Hagumi, Tae & Eve: Hnghhh~.
Michelle (Misaki): Ummm~... What is this?
LOCK (Rokka): Pant, pant, pant... Ahh, I was a step too late~...!
Saya: LOCK? What exactly is going on...?
(Black cut)
Saya: Ahahahaha! I see. You're on a journey to charge the charms with joyous power, huh~?
Michelle (Misaki): So I was a substitute for the lion dance...
Tae: No, you're not. You're Michelle.
Michelle (Misaki): Ahh, right. Thanks~, Tae-chan.
Saya: Hey, everyone. When you give our seniors the charms, would you give them this present from me too?
Saya: It's some bread from my family's shop... Here. I'd love it if they enjoyed it as a late-night snack.
Hagumi: Whoa, thanks! Eating your bread gives you a hundred times more energy. I'm sure it'll help everyone work hard on their studying!
Tae: It's freshly baked. It smells so good...
Eve: How joyous! I am actually feeling a little hungry.
Ako: I've been working hard to gather power too, so I haven't eaten anything since this morning~.
Hagumi: In that case, you all should come to my house! We've got a lot of osechi dishes, so my mom told me to bring my friends by!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh my. Would that really be alright?
Saya: It's fine, don't worry about it. That's just how Hagumi's house is.
LOCK (Rokka): Then I will accept the offer...
Hagumi: Yay~! My mom and the others will be so happy~!
