event209-02 Chapter 1: This Year’s Lucky Woman?

The Hikawas encounter the girls who are busy doing something with some charms.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Shrine]

Hina: Sis, the front shrine is this way!
Sayo: I know. I must say, there is a great deal of people here.
Hina: That's because it's a shrine on the New Year. Ah, look! A yakisoba stall! Once we visit the shrine, let's have some on our way home!
Sayo: I swear... you really do have it easy.
Hina: Hm? Ahh, are you talking about our entrance exam studies?
Sayo: Yes. I would very much prefer to head home right away...
Hina: Aya-chan and Maya-chan told me the same thing the other day. But I think it's fine to take a breather whenever you want.
Sayo: No one would go through any trouble if they were like you...
???: Whoooa~!!
Sayo: ...? What was that yell just now?
Hina: Since there's a crowd, doesn't it seem like something's going on? Let's go check it out!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Yay~! I came in first~!
Eve: Pant, pant...! Hagumi-san is incredible!
Tae: Pant, pant... I saw her back disappear into the distance in no time flat...!
Eve: This year's lucky woman is Hagumi-san!
Tae: Hagumi, do you have the charms?
Hagumi: Yeah. They're tucked into my obi! They crossed the goal with me, so I'm sure they've gathered joyous power from it!
Ako: Pant, pant... I finally reached the goal~...! Hagumi, you're so fast~...!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I didn't think I would be running this much on New Year's Day...
Hina: Huh? What're you all doing?
Hagumi: Hina-chan-sensei! Happy New Year!
Hina: Happy New Year to you too!
Ako: Sayo-san, you're here too! Are you both visiting the shrine?
Sayo: Yes. Our parents told me that I should at least take a moment's rest over New Year's.
Hina: I had a really hard time dragging her out with me! She kept asking for a few more minutes and wouldn't leave her desk.
Sayo: Ohh, don't embarrass me in public...!
Hina: Okay~. Anyway, it's not just my sister. Everyone's working hard on their studies! Aya-chan has a poster in her room that says, "Only thirty minutes of social media a day."
Ako: I think Lisa-nee said she was doing something like that... She said when she's studying, she places her phone far away.
Hagumi: Everyone really is trying their hardest... That's so impressive.
Eve: Let us charge the charms with more joyous power so we may show our support for them!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Sayo: ... Pardon me. What is joyous power...?
Tae: Joyous power is joyous power!
Sayo: ... No, that is not what I am asking...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! U-umm~. Joyous power is joyful energy... and apparently, good things will happen if you accumulate enough of it~...
Ako: We're gathering the power in the charms we're giving to everyone that'll take a college entrance exam!
Sayo: You're gathering it...?
Ako: Yeah! You accumulate it by doing joyous stuff!
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sorry. You must not know what we're talking about...
Sayo: Oh, no. I'm sorry Udagawa-san is causing you trouble...
Hina: Ako-chan, does that mean you believe in that power as well?
Ako: Hmm~. It feels superstitious, but I also think it would be great if it was real!
Ako: But most of all, I'm hoping to be of at least a little help to everyone studying for their entrance exams... I always see Sayo-san, Rin-rin, and Lisa-nee working so hard!
Hina: Ah, that reminds me. Yukina-chan said she passed her comprehensive selection admission, huh?
Ako: Yeah! She worked super-duper hard!
LOCK (Rokka): I'm always getting help from Maya-senpai and Kaoru-senpai... not to mention the others, so I hope to support them as much as I can...!
Sayo: Udagawa-san, Asahi-san...
Hina: ... Gasp! Am I gonna get a charm filled with joyous power too?
Ako: Of course! We'll make it extra special, so look forward to it!
Hina: Yay~! Thanks~!
Tae: Hey, I know. White doves often come to eat on the shrine's entry path. Why don't we show them to the charms?
Eve: Good idea! White doves are the symbol of peace, so they must be joyous!
Hagumi: Plus, they're cute! We're sure to gather a whole bunch of power from them!
LOCK (Rokka): Um~... The lion dance procession will be starting soon. Don't you want to go see it?
Tae: Can't we just see both? We'll make it if we hurry. Let's go!
Hagumi: Sayo-senpai. Hina-chan-sensei. Look forward to your charms!
Eve: We will deliver them to your house this evening!
LOCK (Rokka): P-please wait~! Hina-senpai, Sayo-senpai. We'll be excusing ourselves for now!
Hina: Okay. Bye-bye!
Sayo: That was almost like a storm...
Hina: I didn't understand a word of what they were saying, but that looked like fun. Maybe I should go with them.
Sayo: You are meant to decline in situations like this. There were parts that I did not understand, but I imagine they are doing something to support us.
Hina: Oh yeah. Well, they said they'll come by our house in the evening, so I'll just look forward to it until then!
