event45-04 Chapter 3: The Ghost's Objective

As they finish gathering information, Ran, Lisa and Maya discuss the rumors about the ghost...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Stairway]

Lisa: We got a lot more information than I thought we would!
Maya: Yeah. Why don't we share what we've learned so far?
Lisa: Okay, can I go first?
Lisa: I heard the ghost is female with long flowing hair.
Lisa: She's known to appear next to the well... Ah, and she wears a red, flower-shaped brooch over her heart. A really eerie figure.
Ran: Ah, I heard that too.
Ran: Apparently, she lets out a low moan that almost sounds like it's coming from the earth itself, as if she's crawling...
Maya: Oho, now we've got ourselves a description of the culprit!
Lisa: Still, now that we know what the ghost looks like, I can't help but imagine her...
Ran: I know what you mean...
Maya: J-just try not to think about it for now!
Maya: Okay, my turn, right? From what I've heard, it sounds like the ghost is in great pain, crying out that she's bleeding.
Lisa: She's in pain...? Wh-why? Did something happen to her?
Maya: Sorry, that's all I know...
Ran: And not knowing just makes it all the more terrifying...
Maya: Ah, and someone told me the story of the student who got pulled into the well.
Lisa & Ran: What?!
Maya: One night...
Maya: A student who stayed late happened to look out the window onto the school grounds. There, she saw the ghost, standing beside the well...
Lisa & Ran: ...!
Maya: She was so scared, she couldn't move. She couldn't even take her eyes off the ghost. Then, another figure appeared...
Maya: It was a student, although she was too far away to see what that student looked like. As if bewitched, the student drew closer and closer to the ghost...
Lisa: A-and then...?
Maya: The ghost grabbed her and dragged her into the well. There was a spine-chilling howl-
Lisa: Waaah~!! No more! No more!!
Ran: Whoa!!
Lisa: Come on, let's give up~!! Something's definitely up with that well!!
Lisa: That incident must be why they filled it up~! That has to be it~!
Maya: H-hold on! There's no way that actually happened! If there was an accident by the well, the teachers would have said something!
Ran: Lisa-san, your screaming really scared me there...
Lisa: S-sorry...!
Maya: Besides, these are all just rumors. Calm down.
Ran: But all the rumors are horrifying, making this feel all the more real...
Lisa: Y-yeah! Exactly! Come on, Maya! Let's quit while we're ahead! Please?
Maya: Sorry, but there's something that's bothering me...
Ran: Like what?
Maya: I get the feeling I've heard this ghost story before, but I can't remember where...
Ran: Th-that's pretty scary all on its own...
Theater Club Member: Ah, there she is! Maya-senpai~!
Lisa: ...? Do you know them, Maya?
Maya: Yeah, they're from the Theater Club. What is it? Are you looking for me?
Theater Club Member: Yeah. We're in charge of cleaning the Theater Club room, but we don't know what's okay to throw out and what's not...
Maya: Ah. So you need my help, is that it...?
Maya: Alright. We still have time before the break ends, so let's go. It shouldn't take long to pick out what we don't need.
Maya: Ah, sorry about this, guys. I'll head to the next place we're cleaning after I've finished helping them out.
Lisa: Ah, okay. Sounds good. See you later.
Ran: Alright, should we go find Seta-san and Hina-san?
Lisa: Y-yeah. Us two? Alone? I don't like the sound of that...
Ran: I can see why...
