event45-01 Opening: The Seven Mysteries of Haneoka

Ran, Lisa, Maya, Hina, and Kaoru have gathered for a school cleaning. They are then reminded of a certain rumor...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

School Intercom: Today is School Cleaning Day. Please meet up with your group and head to your designated areas to begin cleaning.
Ran: That's strange. I thought we were supposed to gather here...
Lisa: Ah, there she is! Hey~, Ran~!
Maya: We're meeting over here~!
Ran: Ah, thanks... Nice to see you again.
Lisa: Nice to see you too☆
Maya: Let's make this school as spotless as can be!
Lisa: We sure are lucky to be grouped with people we know, aren't we?
Maya: Yes, especially considering the school years were mixed as well!
Ran: Actually, I'm glad it turned out that way. It'd be awkward cleaning with a bunch of strangers...
Lisa: Ahaha, I can see that. More so if it was an upperclassman.
Maya: The other two in our group went to draw lots for our cleaning locations. Good thing they're people we know too, huh?
Ran: Huh? Oh, uhm, yeah...
Maya: Ah, speaking of which, here they come!
Hina: Sorry we're late~! The line to draw was super long~!
Kaoru: My apologies for the wait, my adorable little princesses. Were you lonely without my presence?
Ran: ...
Lisa: Hm? What's wrong?
Ran: Nothing really. I just can't believe I'm in the same group as those two. They're... something else...
Lisa: Ahaha, yeah. They get lost in their own world more than anyone at this school, no question.
Ran: (I'm the only first year here, and I know all these people... Were the lots really random? Looks like today's gonna be hard...)
Hina: Ehehe~. I sure am glad I'm in the same group as you, Kaoru-kun! I'm counting on you today~!
Kaoru: Fufu, not as happy as I, my dear. Today is sure to be rather entertaining.
Ran: ...? Are you two friends?
Hina: Yup, we sure are~! I love Kaoru-kun~!
Ran: Th-that's a bit much, isn't it...?
Lisa: For Hina, Kaoru is just a bundle of fun, isn't she~?
Hina: Of course! She's so interesting!
Hina: She's always so showy, and she says some really weird stuff~. Things are always boppin' when I'm with her~♪
Ran: Th-that's kind of mean, isn't it...?
Maya: Coming from Hina-san, I think it's a compliment.
Lisa: You guys have been close since we started second year, right?
Hina: Yup! That's right~! How did we start talking again? I can't remember.
Kaoru: Alas, neither can I... Surely it was fate that guided us to each other.
Hina: Wow! There! See? Another interesting comment by Kaoru-kun!
Ran: They look like they're having fun... I would never have thought they'd be friends, though.
Lisa: I'm in their class, so I suppose I'm used to it.
Maya: By the way, what area are we cleaning...?
Kaoru: Ah~, the heavens smile upon us. We received a truly marvelous placement.
Hina: In the morning, we'll be doing the space next to the school grounds. Then, once the afternoon rolls around, we're doing the roof!
Lisa: The space next to the school grounds...?
Maya: That area's really overgrown, isn't it? Lots of weeds.
Ran & Lisa: ...!
Kaoru: Such dejected expressions. What is it that troubles you so?
Lisa: I mean, that's where... the well is, isn't it?
Maya: The what?
Lisa: You know, the well! The one that's part of the seven mysteries of our school...
Ran: The one where if you look into it, you'll get pulled in, right? I heard about it from Moca...
Hina: Ahaha, you guys are such scaredy cats~!
Hina: That's just a rumor! I've been there before, and nothing happened~!
Maya: You go there a lot too, don't you, Kaoru-san? You've told me it's nice and quiet, making it perfect for rehearsing your roles.
Kaoru: Y-yes, that is correct. I've yet to witness anything suspicious. That being said, I had no idea such rumors existed...
Hina: See? Kaoru-kun agrees, there's nothing. It's gotta be safe!
Ran: Today might be the day something happens though..!
Maya: In any case, we still have to clean there...
Hina: We'll be fine~! Ghosts and ghouls don't come out during the day anyway!
Lisa: Y-yeah, let's hope so...
