event45-02 Chapter 1: A Ghost Would Be Interesting

Still thinking about the rumors, the girls finish cleaning. Then, looking at the well, they notice something...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Well]

Hina: Maya-chan~, we're done with the weeding over here~!
Maya: Great job. The lawn over there looks so much better. I'm almost done myself.
Maya: How's it going over there, you guys? Almost done?
Kaoru: Yes, this grass here now rivals that of the most elegant gardens.
Lisa: Yup, all done~. Now let's take these weeds we pulled and get out of here!
Ran: Y-yeah...! Let's hurry!
Maya: Wh-what's the rush...? Wait, why are you all standing in that corner?
Lisa: I-I really don't want to get too close to that well if I can help it...
Ran: Same. I'm not going over there...
Hina: You two are such cowards~.
Maya: I suppose the sunlight doesn't really reach here, so I can understand why you would feel so uneasy.
Maya: And you, Kaoru-san? I know why Lisa-san and Mitake-san are over there, but what about you?
Kaoru: I-I... think it's rather obvious, no? These two fair maidens are frightened, so I choose to stand by their side.
Lisa: So that's why you're so weirdly close to us...!
Ran: Thank you...
Kaoru: N-no need to thank me, my dear princesses...
Maya: Hm~, still, this is supposed to be the well, isn't it? Sure, it's a little old, but there's nothing special about it...
Hina: I told you, there's nothing to worry about~! Here, I'll show you. Let's see what happens when I look inside.
Lisa: Huh?! Wait, stop! Hina! Maya~!
Hina: Up we go... See? Nothing happened!
Maya: ...! The well... It's been filled in!
Lisa: Huh? What do you mean...?
Ran: She's right. This well's really shallow...
Kaoru: Ah, now I remember. This well was sealed up long ago, as a safety precaution.
Maya: It'd be really difficult to pull someone into this.
Hina: See? I told you so. It's too bad though. Having a ghost around would be pretty interesting~!
Lisa: No, it would not~!
Hina: What~? I'm sure it'd be tons of fun~! Isn't that right, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: B-but of course. What I wouldn't give to dance the waltz with one.
Maya: This is pretty strange though. Why would a well like this have such a scary rumor attached to it?
Ran: Now that you mention it, it is kind of weird...
Lisa: C-can we talk about something else~?! Don't you know ghosts come out when you talk about them?!
Lisa: It might not look like much, but this well must have some sort of secret! Maybe if you look into it when you're alone, it's not filled in!
Kaoru: C-calm yourself...!
Hina: Lisa-chi~, you really hate this spooky stuff, huh?
Maya: Does that mean you don't know anything more about this well?
Lisa: I-I mean, knowing too much sounds scary...
Maya: If you're scared, that's all the more reason to look into it.
Maya: Usually with rumors like this, if you do a little investigating, you'll find out they actually come from fairly harmless circumstances.
Lisa: R-really...?
Hina: Yeah, sounds good to me! It's almost lunchtime, so why don't we ask around?!
Ran: Huh? We're really gonna do this...?
Hina: If that makes it less scary, that's pretty boppin', don't you think♪
Kaoru: I agree that a proper investigation is in order. Seeing as I peruse this space for my practices, I'd like to know the truth...
Kaoru: A-Although, I'm not personally bothered by these rumors. Don't be silly. I'm just worried about the little kittens of the Theater Club who may be frightened.
Maya: Alright, then how about we split up and ask around?
Maya: I'll go with Lisa-san and Mitake-san. Hina-san, you'll go with Kaoru-san.
Hina: Okay~! Ehehe, this is just getting better and better~!
