event45-03 Chapter 2: Solve the Mystery of the Well!

In order to solve the mysteries surrounding the well, the five girls begin investigating...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Lunchtime]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Hina: Here we go~. Let's find out more about this curse~!
Kaoru: Yes, with our combined strength, the dark mysteries of the well are as good as solved.
Kaoru: As the great bard once said, "Present fears are less than horrible imaginings."
Hina: Aha! There it is! I was wondering when the great bard was gonna make his appearance! I could hardly wait!
Kaoru: Fufu, Hina, do you find my Shakespearean quotes that amusing?
Hina: Of course! No one else says that stuff, so it's super interesting!
Hina: Whenever I get to hear you quote him, I know it's gonna be a good day!
Kaoru: Seems I've brought happiness to yet another little kitten.
Kaoru: Indeed. The great bard's words are so deep, so fleeting... That feeling of satisfaction is only natural.
Hina: Still, his quotes can be pretty difficult sometimes, right?
Kaoru: As should be expected of such deep words. Not many other beings come close to matching the insight and emotions of Shakespeare.
Kaoru: Even if the meaning behind his words escapes you, you can still feel them within your heart, and that is good enough.
Hina: No, I totally understood what they mean. I just meant the wording.
Kaoru: ... Huh?
Hina: You're saying this cursed well business is all in everyone's heads, so if we find out the truth, it won't be scary anymore.
Hina: That's what you were referring to, right?
Kaoru: ...
Hina: Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Of course that was my intention. Oh, Shakespeare, such depth... How fleeting...
Schoolgirl: Oh! It's Kaoru-sama~!
Kaoru: Ah, greetings, my little kittens. What's this? It's lunchtime. Why are you still toiling away?
Schoolgirl: We haven't finished cleaning yet... We need to go somewhere else after lunch too, so we have to finish here soon...
Kaoru: Such sweethearts, slaving away like this... How very fleeting.
Kaoru: Please allow me to be of assistance. We'll be finished in a flash.
Hina: ...? What about the well, Kaoru-kun~?
Kaoru: I understand our mission is of the utmost importance. However, I cannot simply ignore a little kitten in need.
Kaoru: Besides, with my help, this cleaning will be before you know it. Now, witness me dance like the falling petals, dustpan in hand.
Hina: Petals...? Dustpan...?
Hina: That sounds so boppin'♪ I wanna see! I'll help too~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Meanwhile...]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Stairway]

Maya: Excuse me, do you have a moment? I was wondering if you could tell me more about the old well...
Lisa: Hey, do you know anything about that cursed well?
Ran: U-uhm...
Ran: ...
Lisa: ... Ran?
Ran: Ah, Lisa-san...
Lisa: Are you okay? Did you ask anyone yet?
Ran: I'm just having trouble calling out to people...
Lisa: I see. I only ask because I noticed a couple times where you'd try to talk to someone, only to give up.
Ran: Ngh...
Maya: You're pretty shy around strangers, aren't you, Mitake-san?
Ran: I wouldn't say I'm very good with them, no...
Lisa: Well, with stuff like this, it's all about your energy! Come on~!
Ran: H-huh...? W-wait...!
Lisa: Hey~! Do you have a minute? I've got something I wanted to ask you guys~!
Schoolgirl A: Oh, it's Lisa. What's up?
Lisa: Okay, Ran. Your turn. This is when you should ask.
Ran: H-here?! Now?!
Schoolgirl A: Ah! You're Ran-chan from Afterglow!
Ran: Huh? You know about Afterglow?
Schoolgirl A: Of course I do~! Your concert the other day was amazing~!
Schoolgirl B: The second-year students all talk about you guys. You know, about how there's a group of first years with a really cool band.
Schoolgirl C: So who writes your songs? Is it you, Ran-chan?
Ran: U-uhm... I-I... L-Lisa-san!
Lisa: Ahaha, you've got this, Ran! Good luck!
