446_Sayo Hikawa_R3 With the Rain

Gacha phrase: So I suppose you could say today feels fresh and new.

<With My Sister>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Hina: Sis~, are you in here~?
Sayo: Hina... How many times have I told you to knock before coming into my room?
Hina: Ehehe, sorry~. Huh? What are you doing?
Sayo: I'm just changing the desiccant I was using.
Sayo: Excessive moisture and dryness are the mortal enemies of electric guitars. You have to regulate humidity levels, and you can do that by putting a desiccant in your case to absorb moisture.
Hina: Ah! Maya-chan told me about that before, but when I went to buy some at Edogawa Music, I couldn't find any!
Sayo: They should be relatively easy to find... Are you sure you looked everywhere?
Hina: Y-yeah! I searched high and low, but they were nowhere to be seen~. Aww~... I wish I had some of those~.
Sayo: Yes, I highly recommend getting some as soon as possible. The music store sells them. You should go there now.
Hina: W-wait, what I mean is... could we go look together?
Sayo: Why do you need me? You're more than capable of doing it by yourself. They should be easy to find if you look hard enough.
Hina: B-but still...! I don't know which ones to get. Help me pick out the best one, Sis!
Hina: Please~? It's for my guitar~!
Sayo: ... Sigh, fine. Better to find one now than have you destroy your guitar.
Hina: So you'll come?! Yay~!!
Sayo: We're just going to Edogawa Music. It's not that big of a deal...
Hina: It is to me, though!
Hina: Hm~, hmhmm~♪ I get to hang out with my big sister. This is gonna be great~!
Sayo: Hello? Are you coming? If you don't want to go, that's fine with me...
Hina: Ah~! I'm coming! I'm coming!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Edogawa Music]

Hina: Okay! The hunt for a high-quality desiccant is on~!
Sayo: They can get expensive, you know...
Hina: W-well, then the hunt for decent-quality desiccant is on~!
Sayo: I don't know if I'd call it a hunt since they're right in front of you. See, these are them. Take these to the register.
Hina: Huh?! We found it already?! That was too fast~.
Sayo: Isn't that a good thing...? This is what you came here for, right?
Hina: Well, yeah, but still~! Ah, alright, Sis, which one of these do you think is better?
Sayo: It doesn't make that much of that difference. Just buy the one you like the best.
Hina: B-but, I want to know what you think...
Sayo: ... Fine, then how about this one? It's the same as mine.
Hina: ...!! Got it! Then this is the clear choice! Woohoo~! Now you and I match♪
Sayo: Sigh... You are so difficult sometimes... Fufu...
Hina: Wh-what? Why are you laughing, Sis?
Sayo: ... It's nothing. Since we're already here, should we look around for a little while?
Hina: C-can we?! Is that okay?!
Sayo: I don't have any plans today, so yes, it's fine. Is there anything you wanted to see?
Hina: Oh, oh! Actually, there's a guitar I've been meaning to show you over there!
Hina: Hurry, this way!
Sayo: Alright, I'm coming. Don't run in the store.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: Then you take this pack and put it in your case. I'll show you. Give me your case.
Hina: Ah! Th-that's okay! It sounds simple enough. I'll do it myself!
Sayo: Something wrong, Hina? It's not like you to refuse my help.
Hina: I-I mean... I can't let you do everything for me!
Sayo: Oh? Well, if that's how you feel, fine by me. Here you go. All you have to do is place it in your guitar case.
Hina: Will do~! Thank you♪
Hina: (I actually already have one in my case, but I really wanted to have the same one as Sis~.)
Sayo: ... Hm? Is something wrong?
Hina: Nope! Nothing at all!
Sayo: ... You are so strange, Hina.


<That's Just a Coincidence>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Sayo: Oh... Good afternoon, {{userName}}-san.
Sayo: I came here to get some materials needed for our next song. Are you here to restock on equipment?
Sayo: I see... Ah, that reminds me. Are you free right now? There's something I wanted to tell you about.
Sayo: No, you see... I recently went to a festival after some acquaintances invited me.
Sayo: Fufu, is it that surprising? Yes, well, I didn't plan on going at first.
Sayo: Ever since I was little, whenever I went to any sort of event, it would start raining.
Sayo: Initially, I thought if I did attend, it would only cause problems for everyone else, so I declined their invitation.
Sayo: However, something about Tsurumaki-san's energy got the better of me, and I eventually decided to go.
Sayo: And when I did, it started raining, as expected...
Sayo: But during everyone's taiko performance, the rain stopped, strangely enough.
Sayo: ... No. I don't think the taiko drums had anything to the weather.
Sayo: Besides, Okusawa-san told me the weather report said things were going to clear up.
Sayo: It was just a coincidence that the rain stopped then...
Sayo: Still, if that's the case, perhaps the same goes for all the times I thought I brought bad weather with me.
Sayo: What do you think, {{userName}}-san?
Sayo: Fufu, that makes sense. Having someone else say so is reassuring though. It really has just been bad timing all along.
Sayo: But even that realization alone made attending that festival worthwhile.
Sayo: To think that my actions would bring about the rain... It's possible that I was overestimating my own importance, in a way.
Sayo: Ah, that doesn't mean I hate rainy days. Quite the opposite, actually.
Sayo: They've provided me with so many memories.
Sayo: I feel like every time it rains, I discover something new about myself.
Sayo: I go through different experiences, and mature, little by little...
Sayo: And now, here I am. At least, that's how I see it.
Sayo: Fufu, maybe it's because the rain washes away all sorts of things.
Sayo: In fact, it's thanks to the rain that I'm even able to think this way in the first place.
Sayo: ... Or perhaps I'm just overthinking it?
Sayo: Well then, I should get going... Excuse me.
