549_Sayo Hikawa_R3 A Quietly Burning Fire

<Focusing on Our Strengths>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE- Lobby]

Moca: Ah, if it isn't Sayo-san~. Hello there~.
Sayo: Oh. Hello, Aoba-san.
Moca: Are you also planning on doing some solo practice~?
Sayo: Yes, that is my intention.
Sayo: When you say 'also'... Does that mean you plan to do the same, Aoba-san?
Moca: Wow, brilliant deduction~! You could very well be the protagonist of a detective manga~.
Sayo: I have never had the pleasure of reading such a thing, unfortunately, but any normal person should be able to read between those lines.
Moca: Uh-oh~. Would you like to borrow one from me~? I bought one recently that I highly recommend~. A whole thirteen detectives make an appearance~. How thrilling~!
Sayo: Thirteen, you say? That... does sound somewhat compelling, I must admit.
Sayo: While I appreciate the offer, I am afraid that I must decline for now. I have come up with several arrangement ideas for our new song, so I must solidify and bring them to fruition.
Moca: Wow~, stoic~. I must follow your example~.
Moca: Actually, I've been spending more time practicing than usual~.
Sayo: You have...? Any particular reason why?
Moca: To be honest, it's because of that joint concert we had with Roselia~.
Moca: Your guitar skills that day were, dare I admit, really rockin'~.
Moca: When you have a lot of skill up your sleeve, it allows for more possibilities~. You can perform and stay cool the whole time~.
Sayo: I personally believe that I have a lot of room for improvement... However, I am pleased to hear you say that. Thank you very much, Aoba-san.
Moca: It's easy to say when it's the truth~. As for me, I'm over here diving headfirst into secret training sessions, but it's not going so well~.
Sayo: ... I might have some advice regarding that. May I?
Moca: Of course, of course~. Or should I say... yes, please~.
Sayo: Please bear in mind that this is only my opinion, but I think you would be able to practice more easily with a partner.
Moca: Oh my~. What brings you to that conclusion?
Sayo: During our joint concert, Aoba-san, you immediately noticed any mistakes made by your fellow members and acted accordingly.
Sayo: In order to make those errors less transparent, you were skillfully able to ad-lib and bring about what I believe to be an exhilarating performance.
Moca: Oh~! To be praised by an expert such as yourself, Sayo-san, is enough to make me giddy~.
Sayo: I spend countless hours toiling away with private sessions in order to avoid making any mistakes while up on stage.
Sayo: You, however, excel in your ability to support, with superb precision, those teammates with whom you have spent much time with, fully comprehending their individual weaknesses.
Moca: I can't deny that I do somehow have an understanding of how everyone performs~.
Sayo: One technique you are proficient in is matching the sounds around you as you perform and helping them flourish.
Sayo: Though spending time training one's individual skill set is undeniably important, it may be beneficial to instead practice with a partner if you wish to sharpen your particular strong points.
Moca: Very interesting~. Now I understand what you meant~. If that's how it is, then... maybe I'd better call someone up and have them come over right away~.
Sayo: ... Aoba-san? Would you care to have me as your training partner for today?
Sayo: I do not wish to impose, of course.
Moca: You seriously wouldn't mind~? Hooray~.
Moca: Hm~, but are you sure you don't mind showing mercy to an enemy~? I'm a member of the rival band, after all~.
Sayo: Absolutely not. If you were to become more skilled as a result of my actions, then I simply must strive to follow those footsteps. It's as simple as that.
Sayo: Helping each other to reach new heights. Is that not the true meaning of being rivals?
Moca: Wow, Sayo-san~! That was really cool~! It's like something straight out of one of my oh-so-favorite battle manga.
Sayo: I cannot say whether this situation is similar to a manga. However, I can say that being able to assist one another as we aim for the top is what matters most, is it not?
Moca: You know, Sayo-san, I think you may actually be the hot-blooded type~.
Moca: Alright then, I'd be honored~. Teach me everything you can~.
Sayo: Of course. I look forward to playing with you.


<My Childish Self>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan. Hello. Can't remember the last time I bumped into you here~. Looking to buy something?
Sayo: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Yes, I'm here to stock up on guitar picks. How about yourselves?
Marina: We are... doing a bit of sales work, I suppose? These posters are for an upcoming event at CiRCLE, so we're gonna ask if they can be put up here.
Marina: Speaking of events, your joint concert with Afterglow was wonderful! Nice work!
Marina: Both bands were on fire that night, and you could really feel the energy bursting from the stage~! The fans were having the time of their lives!
Sayo: Indeed. Even from up on stage, their excitement was palpable.
Marina: I can imagine! No one can dispute that it was a major success!
Sayo: Agreed. When we had our initial clash with Mitake-san, I wasn't sure how things would develop... But we ultimately gained a lot from the experience.
Sayo: Not to imply that we had lost our way until now, but we must focus our energies and brace ourselves for any future competitions that may come our way.
Marina: Hm~... Sayo-chan, you're so mature.
Sayo: Me? Mature? I don't feel that's true...
Sayo: Before the performance took place, I bumped into Aoba-san by chance at the studio... and then, I... I went and provoked her.
Marina: Huh? You did that? That's not like you at all.
Sayo: Even I believe my actions were somewhat out of line.
Sayo: Nevertheless, I did so with the hope that Aoba-san would compete without pulling any punches.
Sayo: I wished to see a fighting spirit that almost certainly dwelled beneath her typical easygoing demeanor. To go head-to-head with that combative Aoba-san...
Marina: Now I understand. You intentionally fanned the flames to rouse her.
Sayo: That's right, though it was apparently unnecessary. Aoba-san herself was already committed to taking our competition seriously. She was just keeping it to herself.
Marina: No way! It's hard to imagine her being that way~.
Sayo: Fufu, please try asking her yourself the next time you meet.
Marina: You really think she'd come out and confess~?
Sayo: That... is a good point. I'm not sure, honestly.
Marina: But to be able to drive the calm and collected Sayo-chan to such lengths... That's proof of how intense your gig with Afterglow really was!
Marina: Recognizing each other and being stimulated into such a frenzy! Yep, that's the sort of relationship that puts the listener on the edge of their seat.
Marina: I get the feeling that Roselia and Afterglow will soon be showing the world just how different they are from before!
Sayo: We have every intention of doing so.
Sayo: How we continue evolving depends solely on us. And though many things may change, our goal of aiming for the top will not.
Sayo: Please look forward to the evolution of Roselia and Afterglow, as well as what we will bring to the stage in the future.
