608_Sayo Hikawa_R3 Taking on Something New

Gacha phrase: All we need to do now  is trust in Shirokane-san.

<A Small Challenge>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Lisa: Alright, let's get started!
Sayo: Indeed. Thank you for doing this.
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Lisa: Hmmm, I think it needs some more stirring.
Lisa: See how it's still a cream color? Try whipping it until it's pure white.
Sayo: Pure white. I see. Sigh... Accurately gauging color changes is a rather difficult part of cooking.
Lisa: Come to think of it, you do ask how white something needs to be pretty often~.
Lisa: You know something, though? I was really surprised you came and asked me to teach you how to bake a pound cake!
Lisa: What brought about this sudden interest in making one?
Sayo: That's... Well...
Sayo: If cookies are the only thing I can bake, any future gifts you and I give may end up being the same...
Sayo: So I thought... by increasing my repertoire of known recipes, I reduce the risk of that occurring... which will prevent causing disappointment among Shirokane-san and the others.
Lisa: Hahaha, I think you're overthinking it a bit much!
Sayo: I disagree. When it comes to gifts, I believe that seeking out even the smallest amount of joy from others is only natural.
Sayo: And I do have an additional reason for my actions.
Lisa: Oh, really? Like what?
Sayo: I'm not entirely positive that this is the case, but...
Sayo: It's very possible that I may have been inspired by Shirokane-san.
Lisa: Inspired? By Rinko? What do you mean?
Sayo: She has recently endeavored to stand up to her fears and tackle them head-on.
Sayo: Instead of being the kind to merely go with the flow as she used to be, she took the initiative in her struggle...
Sayo: Having witnessed that bravery, I, too, may have felt an urge to try something new, though my efforts are trivial in comparison to hers, of course.
Lisa: Which is why you'd like to learn how to make new types of sweets? Interesting~.
Lisa: Hahaha, okay. Now I get it! Rinko's drive has rubbed off on you, Sayo!
Sayo: I-is it really necessary to laugh that much?
Lisa: My bad, my bad! I'm just happy! That's all!
Lisa: And, by the way, I don't think of your new aspiration as trivial. It's really obvious to me that you're taking this very seriously!
Lisa: This is an admirable challenge on your part, so we'd better make sure the snacks come out extra tasty! Time to roll up those sleeves!
Sayo: Okay. I very much appreciate it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Later That Night]

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: ... Motivation may not have been lacking, but in the end, my treats came out slightly burnt.
Sayo: And they taste... a tad bitter. I followed the recipe exactly, so what could have happened?
Sayo: It may prove beneficial to read over and practice the recipe that Imai-san jotted down for me. To start, allow the ingredients to reach room temperature...
Sayo: (Thinking of it another way... cooking is similar to learning guitar. One by one, I'll do what I'm able, and slowly but surely, I'll improve.)
Sayo: (Was there perhaps a time when even Imai-san made a bitter pound cake like this one?)
Sayo: ... Phew. Very well, I will keep this in mind for next time. For now, however, I must begin guitar practice.
Sayo: I cannot allow myself to become too occupied with baking and neglect my rehearsals.
Sayo: (Playing guitar, baking... Everything will follow one principle. A slow but sure accumulation of doing things in my power.)
Sayo: (Without a doubt, this is the path to self-improvement that currently works best for me.)


<Expectations & Pressure>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Sayo: Which platform is my next train on? Hmmm... Oh?
Sayo: Good afternoon, {{userName}}-san.
Sayo: D-did I really startle you that much? You seemed to be in a bit of daze, so I just thought I'd say hello...
Sayo: ...? What's got you staring so intently...? Oh, this... is a poster from Shirokane-san's most recent piano competition.
Sayo: The fact that you're surprised must mean that you were unaware that Shirokane-san would be participating.
Sayo: I was there to witness her performance, and trust me when I say that it was magnificent. It was so close to perfection that it won first place.
Sayo: This is something that I did not know initially, but... Shirokane-san was apparently not too keen on competitions.
Sayo: An unfortunate mishap at a competition during her childhood left a bad taste in her mouth, and she avoided entering any future events from that day forth.
Sayo: Yes, I agree. It is a shame to think that such talent had gone without formal recognition for so long.
Sayo: However... I feel like I may understand what she was going through as a child.
Sayo: If your skills are discovered to be above average, others will certainly begin to expect more and more out of you. The better you do, the higher the expectations.
Sayo: In an attempt to meet those new standards, you might repeatedly endeavor to produce better results until it slowly reaches a point where that cycle becomes the new norm.
Sayo: People assume you will do well, as you always do. They expect your next performance to be just as good or better than the last. An overwhelming sense of pressure is created.
Sayo: Of course, no fault lies within the observer cheering you on. You should be happy if you're fortunate enough to have so many people think highly of you.
Sayo: Still... It's ironic, isn't it?
Sayo: As the desire to impress increases, the potential disappointment should you fail grows along with it. That doubt and worry begin to weigh heavier on your mind.
Sayo: On one hand, there's the joy of others expecting great things from you. On the other, there's the suffocating pressure. That sensation is, to a certain extent... not foreign to me.
Sayo: ... Yes, it's as you say.
Sayo: The ability to brush aside such issues despite the stress they bring is indeed remarkable. I completely agree with you there.
Sayo: Though I am unsure if Shirokane-san herself realizes it, she has grown a tad stronger.
Sayo: And the impact that strength is likely to have on Roselia's future ambitions will not be meager by any means.
Sayo: Whether through staging or the actual performances, I'm interested in seeing how our group will change.
Sayo: Indeed. We cannot allow ourselves to fall behind Shirokane-san.
Sayo: Do I mind... if you expect big things from us?
Sayo: Do you even have to ask? Please keep your expectations as high as you wish.
Sayo: And in order to deliver upon those wishes with our next performance, I need to head home to practice.
Sayo: I apologize for calling out to you earlier, and I hope to see you again at CiRCLE soon. I'll be off.
