709_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Our Promise

Gacha phrase: Fufu... That's right. You really scolded me back then.

<The Two of Us, Side by Side>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: ...
Sayo: This part feels a bit off. From how the melody flows, what follows should be more like-
Hina: Sis~!
Sayo: Hina?!
Sayo: ... How many times have I told you? Please knock before you enter my room.
Hina: Knock, knock. How about that?
Sayo: Knocking after you've already entered defeats the purpose. Seriously... Anyway, you needed something?
Hina: No? Not really!
Sayo: No? ... Then, why are you here?
Hina: I just wanted to see you, that's all. Oh yeah! You were practicing the guitar just now. Can I stay and watch?
Sayo: Hina, you know I'm preparing for a contest...
Hina: Yeah, I know! I'm really looking forward to it! You said I can come watch you, right?
Sayo: Hina... I did indeed say that, but that doesn't have anything to do with practice...
Hina: Awww, it's fine! Weren't you the one who said we need recapture the time we lost?
Hina: So, I wanna watch you practice!
Sayo: ... Just don't get in the way. Okay?
Hina: Yay~! You're the best, Sis!
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Sayo: ...
Hina: ...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: ... Hina. Perhaps it's strange for me to ask this, but is it fun just watching?
Hina: Absolutely. It's totally boppin'♪
Hina: How do I put it...? When you practice, you write down a bunch of notes on paper, and then you practice quietly and stuff. It's just so totally you♪
Sayo: That's the best way for me to do it.
Sayo: What do you usually do when you practice?
Hina: Hmmm. Nothing special.
Hina: I just hear something once and I pretty much get how to play it. I guess I don't really practice at all.
Sayo: ... That's right. I'm not sure why I asked.
Hina: Oh yeah!
Hina: Hey, Sis. Can I bring my guitar here, too?
Sayo: Your guitar...? Why?
Hina: I want to jam with you! Can I?
Sayo: ... Well, only if it's for a short while.
Hina: Yay~! Give me a second.
(Black cut)
Hina: I'm back! Here it is! Uhm...
Sayo: Don't just stand there, come sit over here.
Hina: Wait... I get to sit next to you?
Sayo: Why, of course. It'd be a hassle if you play standing over there.
Hina: Ehehe... Okay!
Sayo: ... Our guitars are gonna clash if we're this close.  Please consider the distance we need.
Hina: Okay~!
Sayo: We'll start from this phrase. One, two, three...
(Black cut)
Sayo: ... Phew. I suppose that covers it.
Hina: Yeah! That was super amazing just now!
Sayo: Sigh. I'm not getting any practice out of this. You're just playing however you want.
Hina: What? But aren't we having fun? It's totally boppity boppin'♪
Sayo: Why are you so overjoyed about this?
Hina: Because, we're playing guitar together, side by side.
Sayo: Ah...
Hina: You made me a promise that day.
Sayo: ... And promises are made to be kept.
Hina: Ehehe... Yup!
Sayo: (I had a completely different meaning back then when I said 'side by side'...)
Hina: Sis, let's jam together one more time!
Sayo: Very well. But don't go off the sheet music too much.
Hina: Okay! Let's do it!


<The Shape of Happiness>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: Sigh...
Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan! Hello. Are you heading to practice?
Sayo: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Yes. Rehearsal is about to begin.
Marina: I see, I see. Always the hard worker.
Marina: By the way, I couldn't help but notice you were sighing just now. Did something happen?
Sayo: Yes. Good things and bad things.
Sayo: You see, the other day, Imai-san showed us lyrics she'd been working on.
Sayo: They were wonderfully written. And... more than anything, I'm rather glad Imai-san was able to finish writing them all on her own.
Marina: And why is that?
Sayo: Well, up until the other day, she had a lot on her mind.
Sayo: I'm sure she was struggling with her way of doing things, how she thinks she fits into the band, and the way she deals with our music.
Sayo: Because of all of that, she started griping about how she wasn't fit to be a member of Roselia.
Sayo: I couldn't handle what she was saying anymore and made that very clear to her.
Sayo: But... now that I think back on it, I think my words may have been a little harsh.
Marina: I see. And that sigh you let out was because you were thinking you may have said too much?
Sayo: Correct... All of us in Roselia believe that Imai-san is an indispensable member of the band.
Sayo: But her words felt like a total betrayal of the faith we have in her.
Sayo: That made me really sad and frustrated... which led me to say some mean things.
Sayo: But it turns out I had nothing to worry about. Imai-san took my words in stride... and then she confronted her writing and finished the lyrics.
Marina: That's very kind of you, Sayo-chan. You really care about the members of the band.
Sayo: I wonder about that. I mean I had to reflect upon the fact that I couldn't control myself and uttered those harsh words.
Marina: You're able to get upset with others because you care so much... I think that's incredible and not something everyone can do.
Sayo: Well...  I mean... If that is true, I may have Hina to thank for that.
Sayo: Hina showed me what it's like to get angry at others by getting upset at me.
Sayo: Thinking back on it, I used to have a much more self-centered way of expressing myself to others.
Sayo: When a performance didn't go as planned or someone touched upon a private matter of mine, I used to be quick to anger and drive people away.
Sayo: Come to think of it now, it was not very nice of me.
Marina: But you're quite different now.
Sayo: I am. I don't usually get upset anymore about things concerning me.
Sayo: People sure can change.
Marina: Yup, that's right! I think that's a spectacular change.
Marina: And I think Roselia will be just fine. They have you, and you care so much about every single member.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Sayo: I still think what I can do for others is quite insignificant, but I will continue to value the importance of caring for others.
Sayo: People can change drastically just by trusting and relying on each other.
