793_Sayo Hikawa_R2 Foxes of Fall

<The Hikawa Sisters' Fall Plans>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence]

Sayo: ... And that is about everything. It was definitely an unusual way to spend the weekend.
Hina: That sounds like so much fun! I'm boppin' just listening to you talk about it♪
Hina: I wish I could've gone to look at the leaves with you too! First, I would've gone on the kayaks!
Sayo: Going kayaking first is a wise choice. They just happened to be free when we got there, but apparently, they get very crowded on the weekends.
Hina: Then we could eat lunch. Ah, and I wanna try the postcard workshop too! But I wanna go for a walk before that.
Sayo: A walk after lunch... And the workshop after that...
Sayo: I believe the afternoon workshop begins at two, so if we had lunch for an hour, that would leave us with thirty minutes for a walk...
Hina: Ah, and I wanna camp there! You can camp in that park, right?
Hina: I'll bring a telescope so we can watch the stars at night!
Sayo: Then, we'd have to stay the night. In that case, it may be better to do the workshop at a later time...
Hina: Huh...? Sis, what're you writing?
Sayo: What? An itinerary, of course. What else would I be writing?
Hina: An itinerary for what?
Sayo: For what? For a trip so we can go view the foliage. I tried planning it the way you wanted. How is this?
Hina: Huh...? Oh, Sis, are you really gonna go with me?!
Sayo: What? You were the one who said you wanted to go.
Sayo: More importantly, what do you think of this schedule? If there's anything you're unsure about, let me know soon and I can find a solution.
Hina: O-Oh, I see...! Whoa, thanks, Sis! I'll look at it now!
Hina: ... Yeah, this itinerary is perfect! I almost wanna go right now!
Sayo: It's impossible for us to go now. We wouldn't even get to the kayak area before it opens, and that's the first item on the itinerary.
Sayo: Besides, if we stay the night, we have to think about our schedules for the following day too, right?
Sayo: You have to confirm with your agency which days you have off. Once we've decided on the days, then we can iron out the other details.
Hina: What~?! We don't have to do that! Your schedule is more important anyway! I wanna go now!
Sayo: Hina... If you don't do this properly, we won't go at all, okay?
Hina: No~, I wanna go~! I'll ask them, I swear.
Sayo: Good. I'll talk to Mom and Dad.
Hina: ... Ehehe.
Sayo: ... What's the matter? Why are you making that face?
Hina: Because you'll really go with me if I can take a day off, right?! I'm so happy!
Hina: Oh, and we can have curry for dinner! We'll make it together!
Sayo: I see, then we'll have to borrow their kitchen. I think we'd better take parboiled vegetables as well.
Hina: Ah, I also wanna make a fire!
Hina: So we can eat curry, talk a bunch while stargazing, and then sleep! Then the next morning we can-
Sayo: My goodness, it's really one thing after another with you. But if you want to do any of these, first you have to take a day off.
Hina: I know, I know! Ehehe, I'll ask about it tomorrow!
Hina: Ah, Sis, you have to talk to everyone in Roselia about it tomorrow too! You have to!
Sayo: Don't put me in the same category as you. I've already messaged them.
Hina: Always on top of things, aren't you, Sis?! ... Ahh, I can't wait.
Sayo: ... Yes, I look forward to it as well.


<Unexpected Development>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Sayo: My, if it isn't {{userName}}-san. Hello there.
Sayo: Are you doing some shopping? Yes, I had a few things I needed to buy.
Sayo: ... {{userName}}-san, there's something on your shoulder.
Sayo: It appears to be a fallen leaf. I wonder if it fell from the trees by the entrance.
Sayo: Ah. That reminds me. The other day, I went to view the fall foliage with Minato-san and a few others.
Sayo: Yes, Kitazawa-san invited me. Ushigome-san and Mitake-san were also there.
Sayo: I had never really interacted much with Ushigome-san and Kitazawa-san, but I think we understood each other rather well by the end of the day.
Sayo: Kitazawa-san seems to enjoy everything she does, and I think we were influenced by her attitude.
Sayo: As for Ushigome-san, she is the type of person you need to look after. I couldn't help myself and ended up wanting to do things for her.
Sayo: I'm like a big sister? Fufu, perhaps I am.
Sayo: When Ushigome-san was taking videos to send to her sister, I kept telling her what her sister would be happy to see her doing, as if I somehow understood...
Sayo: Although it was a mistake to let Mitake-san see this side of me...
Sayo: Making hand-drawn postcards was also rather memorable. I'm not very good at drawing, so I was slightly worried in the beginning.
Sayo: But thanks to the instructor's guidance and Kitazawa-san, I was able to make one without getting too worked up about it.
Sayo: Who did I make it for? Minato-san and I discussed this, and we both decided to address them to our future selves.
Sayo: We also did a reed-pipe workshop and ate at the food stands. Overall, it was a very memorable experience.
Sayo: If that sort of thing interests you, you should go too, {{userName}}-san.
Sayo: If you go to places you normally wouldn't go, or with people you normally wouldn't go with, you might have some unexpected revelations.
Sayo: ... Sorry, I got far too engrossed in the conversation. I haven't finished my shopping yet, so I must go. Thank you very much for talking with me.
