804_Sayo Hikawa_R3 Friends in Crisis

<Easily Ignited>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: It's been a while since I've had a free day with nothing planned. I wonder what I should do today.
Sayo: I've done my guitar practice and homework already, and I finished my book last night. All that's left is... NFO?
Sayo: ...No, I can't. I've already spent the last few days thoroughly testing that collaboration equipment we received... I need to restrain myself.
Sayo: Which means... going back to guitar practice. Or perhaps I'll visit the library... Hm?
Sayo: A call from Udagawa-san? That's unusual.
Sayo: Hello?
Ako: Ah, Sayo-san! Um, do you have anything planned for today?
Sayo: No, not particularly.
Ako: Really?! Thank goodness~! Um, would you like to play NFO with us?
Ako: Rin-rin and I are going to do some material farming today. So I was thinking you might want to join us...
Sayo: Material farming... That means grinding quests, right?
Sayo: Thank you for the invite, but I think I'll pass this time.
Ako: Huh~?! Why~?!
Sayo: So I don't spend too much time on video games, of course. I tend to lose track of time when I start grinding...
Sayo: More importantly, Udagawa-san, you haven't been spending all of your free time playing NFO since we went to that theme park, have you?
Ako: Ack!
Sayo: Sigh. I knew it.
Sayo: I know how exciting it is to get new equipment. But even so, I cannot condone spending all of your time on video games.
Sayo: In order to fully enjoy your games, you must also apply yourself to your studies...
Ako: W-wait! I know all that, but...!
Ako: Today's a special occasion!
Sayo: Special? In what way?
Ako: The collab event with the theme park just started in-game, too!
Sayo: An in-game collaboration event... You don't mean they planned this as a secret surprise, do you?
Ako: That's exactly what it is~!
Ako: I just found out too. It looks like there's a special quest to hunt this giant white whale monster.
Ako: The whale's super strong, so I heard you need a lot of people to fight it... My guild on its own isn't anywhere near enough.
Sayo: B-but...
Ako: Please! Even just once would be enough...!
Sayo: ... I understand. But only for one hour, okay?
Ako: Okay! Thank you so much!
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

Ako: Hello! It's Ako! Sayo-san, are you busy right now?
Sayo: No, I'm free... Could it be you're still hunting that white whale?
Ako: Exactly! Would you like to come with?
Sayo: No... I'll pass this time.
Sayo: I've already collected all the materials from the white whale quest.
Ako: That's a shame... Oka- Wait, what!?
Ako: Sayo-san, you farmed everything you needed from the event already!? I'm not even halfway done yet!
Sayo: Y-yes. Well, I... got lucky! It just happened to only drop exactly what I wanted!
Sayo: So... Um... In any case, I'll pass for today. You take care not to play too much, Udagawa-san.
Ako: Okay~.
Sayo: Phew... I... might have gotten a bit carried away.
Sayo: This time, I mean it. No more games. For now.


<The Indirect Route>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew~, it's finally break time~... Oh? Is that Sayo-chan?
Marina: Hey~, Sayo-chan~.
Sayo: Marina-san. Oh, and {{userName}}-san as well. How are you?
Marina: We're doing fine, Sayo-chan. Did you just get done with practice?
Marina: Would you like to chat for a bit? We just started our break too.
Sayo: I see. Well, if it's just for a little while.
Marina: You know, lately, Roselia's been looking better than ever! Did you guys have a special training camp or something?
Sayo: No, nothing quite like that...
Sayo: If I had to name something, I suppose it would be the day we hung out together for fun.
Marina: For fun? Now that you mention it, I think you told me something like that before...
Sayo: Indeed I did. Udagawa-san invited us all to go to a theme park the other day.
Sayo: The park was hosting an event in collaboration with a game called NFO, and we all participated in it.
Marina: A collab event, huh~? Sounds fun.
Sayo: Yes, it was quite a lot of fun.
Sayo: Not only that... But I also learned a lot from the experience.
Marina: Like what?
Sayo: I think I was able to witness the importance of detours firsthand.
Sayo: The theme park's event involved clearing missions that we were assigned... They were all quite complex, with no hints provided whatsoever.
Sayo: So of course, we had to wander around the park looking for those hints ourselves... But we ended up taking many paths that had nothing to do with the mission.
Sayo: The first mission was a prime example of that.
Sayo: We needed to gather information from the townspeople, but over half of them offered nothing but idle banter.
Marina: Wow, that sounds rough.
Marina: During times like that, you start panicking without even realizing it, don't you? You start asking yourself if what you're doing is actually helping.
Sayo: Exactly. At first, all we did was panic, but gradually that began to change.
Sayo: Maybe it was because we saw each other panicking, but we all felt a responsibility to get ahold of ourselves.
Sayo: This event showed me that a shared sense of responsibility will gradually transform into a sense of group solidarity.
Marina: So you were able to realize that thanks to the detours you took while you were all panicking, huh...? That's incredible.
Marina: I think that's one of your strengths, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: It is...?
Marina: Yeah. I can't put it into words, but... It's like, the way you face your problems...
Marina: Those detours were able to teach you something because you personally wanted to learn.
Marina: And I don't think it's easy to keep up an attitude like that all the time.
Sayo: Is that... so?
Marina: Yeah! It's gotta be!
Sayo: Fufu. Well then, I'll make sure I never lose that desire.
Sayo: This time, the lesson came in the form of an event we participated in just for fun, but... in the future, Roselia as a band might end up taking a detour, as well.
Marina: I'm sure Roselia will be able to handle it.
Sayo: Yes, I think so too.
Sayo: Thank you very much for today. This talk allowed me to organize my thoughts.
Marina: Really? Thank goodness~! Don't feel like you ever need to hold back, okay? Just come to us whenever!
Marina: If you're fine with us, that is.
Sayo: Fufu... Of course. Then when the time comes, I'll be counting on you.
Sayo: Well then, see you later.
