848_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Biggest Supporter

Gacha phrase: Strongly, proudly, and forever...!

<Return to the Passion>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Sayo: (I've never felt such intensity before... It's strange. Even though a day has passed, I still feel so hot...)
Sayo: (We... actually played at Future World Fes...)
Ako: Huh? Hey~! Sayo-san!
Sayo: Udagawa-san...? I see Shirokane-san is with you as well. Hello.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... Hello...
Ako: Did you just end up here at the studio too?
Sayo: Huh...? Why am I at CiRCLE...?
Ako: Did you come here without realizing it...?!
Sayo: We have been coming here every day to practice. It must have been out of habit.
Ako: Ahaha, so you're just like us!
Sayo: So that's why the two of you are here.
Rinko: It's not just us... Yukina-san and Imai-san... are also here...
Ako: They said they'd take care of setup for us!
Sayo: Fufu, so we're all of the same mind, I see.
Ako: It makes sense. We're used to coming here every day, so it just feels weird sitting at home...
Rinko: I was the same... and then... Ako-chan invited me here...
Sayo: Don't you have to get back to NFO? I thought you were holding yourselves back from playing as much until the festival was over.
Ako: Before, I kept thinking, "Once we're done, it's NFO time~!" But now, I want to play music more than NFO.
Rinko: Me too... Before I knew it... all I could think about... was Roselia...
Ako: Even after logging in, I'd be thinking about our next practice or our next show.
Sayo: The way you sound now, I can hardly believe there once was a time when you were so hooked on games that you neglected practice.
Rinko: Fufu... That's true... Isn't that right, Ako-chan?
Ako: Ugh... They're both important to me, okay?!
Sayo: I'm a little jealous of you two, to be honest... I don't really have much in the way of hobbies. All I've ever done is play guitar.
Sayo: Although I suppose not knowing what to do anymore is what brought me here.
Sayo: Since we're still coming down from the rush of the festival, I've been wanting to capture that adrenaline for myself...
Sayo: Perhaps I want to be able to recreate that passion on stage at anytime, and that's the reason I came here today.
Rinko: I... would also like all of our shows... to feel like that...
Sayo: If only we could have captured that atmosphere in a bottle and taken it home.
Ako: Ahaha, that's a good idea, Sayo-san! I would've loved a bottle, too~!
Rinko: I'm sure that... Yukina-san and Imai-san also want... to remember that intensity...
Sayo: Yes, I'm sure all of us feel the same way right now.
Ako: There's no point in relaxing just because the festival's over, after all!
Sayo: We might still be riding the wave of exhilaration from the concert now... But in time, the memory of that moment will gradually fade.
Sayo: So in order to keep that memory clear and that feeling strong, I want to keep playing.
Ako: Ooh~! Sayo-san, you're so cool~!
Sayo: It was the first time I felt so emotionally charged during a show, after all. I don't want it to be my last.
Sayo: It would be nice if Roselia could perform like that all the time... No, that's how we should be.
Ako: You're right! And to do that, we need to practice!
Ako: But... I think taking a break here and there is still a good idea.
Ako: Sayo-san, it's been a while, but would you like to play some NFO with us tonight?
Sayo: If I recall correctly, some higher level quests were released, weren't they?
Ako: Yeah, so I was thinking I'd help you do some grinding. That way you could challenge those quests with us!
Rinko: Um... Yes... If you play with Ako-chan... I'm sure you'll reach... the required Rank 100... in no time.
Sayo: Fufu. Then could I ask for your help in raising my level?
Ako: Of course! Rin-rin, we're gonna make Sayo-san the toughest tank around!
Rinko: That's right... Ako-chan...
Sayo: It really has been a while though... I'm going to need some time to remember all the controls...
Sayo: Well, in any case, Udagawa-san, Shirokane-san, let's have a good time tonight.


<It All Begins Here>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Could I have a moment of your time?
Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan. What's up?
Sayo: I just wanted to report that our performance at Future World Fes was a success and express my thanks to you all.
Sayo: I doubt Roselia's achievements would have been possible without CiRCLE.
Sayo: To us, CiRCLE is like our home.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Marina: Sayo-chan... Fufu. You don't have to thank us so formally. I think you're scaring {{userName}}-san!
Sayo: I'm sorry, that wasn't my intent. Even so, my desire to express my gratitude is genuine.
Marina: Don't worry about it. CiRCLE exists to help and support bands like yours. It's not like we did anything special.
Marina: So feel free to keep coming to us for help, okay? That goes for me, {{userName}}-san, and everyone else working here.
Sayo: Yes. Thank you all so much.
Sayo: Nearly all of Roselia's music was born here, so... This place is really precious to us.
Sayo: Without CiRCLE, Marina-san, or {{userName}}-san... I don't think Roselia would have even existed.
Marina: Oh, Sayo-chan, you're just full of nice things to say today. I'm tearing up a little bit.
Marina: But like I said, this place exists to support you girls, so don't worry about us too much, okay~? Being thanked this much is kind of embarrassing!
Marina: This should be a casual place where you can relax. Somewhere you naturally come to, practice, and leave.
Sayo: If I hadn't performed on the stage here, Minato-san and I might never have formed a band together.
Sayo: To me... and to Roselia, this is the place where everything began.
Sayo: So even if you tell me that this should be a relaxing place, that doesn't change the fact that it's very precious to me.
Sayo: And it's not just me, either. I'm sure that to Minato-san, Imai-san, Udagawa-san, and Shirokane-san feel the same way...
Marina: Oh, Sayo-chan, you're always so serious. Thanks for thinking of CiRCLE that way.
Marina: I think you've made your feelings quite clear, so let's call things even, okay? It really is getting embarrassing.
Sayo: It's just... I really am thankful...
Sayo: I just want to tell you properly how I felt...
Marina: And you have, so that's enough~! Right, {{userName}}-san?
Sayo: There's no need to be so humble...
Marina: Really, it's fine. M-more importantly, why don't you tell us all about how Future World Fes went~?
Sayo: No, I'm still not satisfied yet. I must fully express the extent of my gratitude...
Marina: Like I said, you already have~!
