1014_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Inspiring Performance

Gacha phrase: ... Yes, you were. It was a very good concert.

<Delicious Challenge>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Phew~... Nothing like a little sugar when you're tired~... I'm super exhausted...
Sayo: This is what practice will be like for the next three days. You must be prepared.
Toko: Ooo... I know...
Sayo: It will not be easy, but we do not have much time until the day of your exam. We have no other option...
Toko: I'm so sorry about that! I didn't think I'd get the date wrong...
Sayo: What is done is done. There is no need for you to apologize.
Sayo: Just rest for now so that you can concentrate during practice.
Toko: Okay!
Toko: You know, this café's pretty nice! I like the design and atmosphere!
Sayo: Yes. I have heard many people come here even when they are not using the studios.
Toko: Well, I can see why! I'd come here too if I lived nearby!
Toko: ... Y'know, I just noticed you're drinking regular iced tea again, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Yes, I am. Is there a problem?
Toko: No, I'm just surprised you always get the same thing because there are so many other drinks here.
Sayo: And I have never seen you order the same item, Kirigaya-san. Do you have a particular reason for doing so?
Toko: Hmm, I wouldn't really say I do...
Toko: It's just that I don't come to CiRCLE that often, so I wanna try out different things.
Sayo: That is understandable. But once you have found something that is to your liking, do you not want to order it again?
Toko: Hmm... Yeah, the thought does cross my mind.
Toko: But I don't wanna miss out on something I might like even more, so I always end up getting something different.
Sayo: ... I see. That is a good point.
Toko: ... Oh yeah! Why don't you try ordering something else for once, Sayo-san?
Sayo: It may be worth trying. Learning the guitar from Seta-san the other day did open my eyes to new ways of thinking, after all...
Sayo: There may be new discoveries to be had by trying something new every once in a while.
Toko: Yeah! That's the spirit! Why don't you start out by ordering something different on the menu?
Sayo: Yes, I shall do so.
(Black cut)
Sayo: ...
Toko: Ah, Sayo-san! Welcome back! So, what did you get?!
Sayo: U-um... They were all sold out of drinks...
Toko: Huh? No way, you're lying..! You're even hiding something behind your back! C'mon, you can show me!
Sayo: ... Before I do, I must stress that I do not usually order something like this.
Toko: Okay, okay! I can't wait to see what you got!
Sayo: ... Here.
Toko: Wow! There's a bear cookie on it! I didn't know they served such cute drinks here!
Toko: There's so much cream too! I bet it'd get a lot of likes... Oh yeah, is it all right if I take a photo of it?
Sayo: Sure...
Toko: Hey, why are you backing away? You should be in the photo too! Here, hold it and smile!
Sayo: I-I can't!
Toko: Aww, oh well~... You know, I had no idea you'd pick something like this, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Th-that is because I did not know it would look like this! The menu just said "Special Chocolate Latte." I never would have ordered it if there had been a picture!
Toko: Ahaha, I didn't know you could freak out like that!
Toko: You're always so calm and collected during practice. I feel so lucky that I got to see this side of you!
Sayo: I have yet to discover anything new...
Toko: You never know. You might like it once you try some.
Sayo: ... Ah, it is delicious. The amount of sugar is just right too.
Toko: Oh~! See? Trying out new things is important!
Sayo: True... It is a bit embarrassing to purchase, but I would not mind having this again.
Toko: Ah, you should keep trying out new things, Sayo-san!
Sayo: ... Are you plotting something again?
Toko: No, no, of course not! Besides, you're the one who picked this drink, not me!
Sayo: Well... Yes...
Toko: I know! What about a makeover? You could get some new clothes!
Sayo: I do have a tendency to purchase similar clothing.
Toko: Why don't we go shopping together then? I can take you to some of my favorite stores!
Sayo: ... True, it may be interesting to do so once your concert is over.
Toko: Great! It's a deal! Ah, what about going now?!
Sayo: ... You're still not done with your exam.
Toko: Uhh, I know, I know! That was just a joke! A simple joke!
Toko: Going shopping with you after the concert has given me something to look forward to! I'm getting even more fired up now!
Sayo: Then that must mean you will be able to handle a tougher practice.
Toko: Wait, I don't think I can handle anything tougher! I doubt I'd make it out alive!
Sayo: ... Fufu, I was just joking too.


<Challenge the Teacher?!>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Sayo: Hello, Marina-san. Thank you for your help today.
Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan! Done with practice? Thanks for always using our studios.
Sayo: No, thank you. I especially owe you a great deal of thanks for accommodating us the other day.
Marina: The other day...?
Sayo: When we asked if we could book a studio for three consecutive days.
Marina: Oh, that day! I admit I was a bit surprised when Misaki-chan called~.
Sayo: I apologize for the trouble we caused...
Marina: Oh, it's totally fine! There was a cancellation, so we happened to have space anyway!
Marina: It's better to have someone use a studio than not, after all. All of you were helping Toko-chan practice the guitar, right?
Sayo: Yes... I was reluctant to do so at first, but in the end, it was a valuable experience.
Marina: People do say you can learn a lot from teaching others.
Sayo: Yes. Learning how other guitarists view their instrument was very helpful.
Marina: I see. Did anyone stand out in particular?
Sayo: Hmm... Seta-san was the most memorable.
Sayo: By teaching the guitar with her, I was able to gain insight into the professionalism with which she approaches the stage.
Sayo: Simply seeing the extraordinary lengths she goes to for the sake of the audience was an educational experience.
Marina: Fufu, learning how others think can certainly broaden your horizons!
Marina: So, how did Toko-chan's show go? You went to see it, right?
Sayo: I did. Her performance was incredible thanks to all of the practice she put in.
Marina: That's great! I guess all the teaching you guys did really paid off.
Sayo: No, it was her hard work that made it possible. We merely assisted her efforts.
Marina: Fufu, I see, I see. Oh yeah! Sayo-chan, what do you think about doing a guitar class?
Sayo: A guitar class... Would it be at CiRCLE?
Marina: Mmhmm! You'd be teaching band members without much guitar experience!
Sayo: ... I'm afraid that will be a little difficult at the moment.
Sayo: However, given what I experienced by helping Kirigaya-san practice, I would like to try teaching again someday.
Marina: Okay! I'll be looking forward to when that day comes then!
