1149_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Rainy Windowsill

Gacha phrase: Really now... I thought I told you I had an umbrella already.

<The Umbrella We Share Part 1>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: Yawn~... Morning~.
Sayo: Good morning. Oh, I did not notice the time. I should head out soon.
Hina: What? Isn't it a bit early? Do you have morning archery practice?
Sayo: No, as part of my disciplinary committee duties, I have to leave early to check everyone's appearance. I thought I told you.
Hina: You didn't~! You only told me about your plans for after school!
Hina: I was planning on leaving the house with you today~.
Sayo: It should not be an issue. After all, we will be going to CiRCLE together after school.
Hina: That's exactly why! We're going to be playing the song you wrote for me for Christmas!
Hina: It's gonna be so boppin'♪ I want the day to be off to a boppin' start and have the whole day be boppin' too♪
Sayo: Calm down, there is no need to be so excited.
Hina: We're gonna be meeting at CiRCLE once you're done with your student council stuff, right?
Sayo: Hina... You already asked me that yesterday and the day before... How many more times do you intend to ask? With your memory, you should be capable of remembering what I told you.
Hina: But I can't wait to play your song and to play it with you!
Sayo: We have played it together at home countless times already.
Hina: I know, but it's not the same as playing at a studio. Anyway, see you after school at CiRCLE, okay?
Sayo: Of course... Ah, I wonder if I should take an umbrella.
Hina: Why? The weather's so nice.
Sayo: Just in case, I will take a folding umbrella with me. Goodbye.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Sayo: Just as I thought, it has rained...
Rinko: The rain... isn't stopping... It's been like this since around first period...
Kanon: So much for our plans to have lunch out in the courtyard.
Chisato: It's a shame we'll be unable to go outside, but since we have to go to a different classroom later anyway, at least we will be able to relax during lunch.
Sayo: That is true. Let us eat.
Chisato: Yes.
Kanon: Wow, your lunch looks so nice, Sayo-chan. Did you make everything on your own?
Sayo: I did, but I only prepared the simple ones. The rest I simply placed inside...
Chisato: Your Japanese omelet is so perfectly shaped. It's like a reflection of who you are, fufu.
Rinko: You're having bread for lunch today... Matsubara-san...?
Kanon: Yes, I bought some this morning to go with the tea I made at home and brought with me. I thought bread would match the best.
Chisato: Were you able to avoid the rain?
Kanon: Mm-hmm, but just barely. It started pouring the moment I arrived at school.
Chisato: It was very sudden. And to think the sun was shining so brightly in the morning...
Sayo: ... I might be to blame.
Rinko: For the... rain...?
Sayo: It rains a lot whenever I am about to attempt something or have something important to do.
Chisato: I think you are being superstitious... But does this mean you have something important today?
Sayo: I plan to go to CiRCLE after school... with Hina.
Rinko: I see... So that's what you meant.
Kanon: Are the two of you going to be playing together?
Chisato: Hina-chan was very excited at the agency yesterday. Now I know why.
Sayo: That girl... I hope she did not cause you any trouble...
Chisato: Fufu, don't worry. The staff actually praised her for how much more lively than usual her music sounded.
Sayo: I-I see...
Rinko: I hope you will be able to finish... your disciplinary committee tasks after school ahead of schedule...
Sayo: Yes.


<The Umbrella We Share Part 2>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Sayo: School is out, but the rain still has not stopped.
Rinko: Yes... And it doesn't look like it will today either...
Rinko: Um... Would you like some help... with those papers...?
Sayo: Thank you, but I will be able to manage.
Sayo: (That said, this is a lot more than I expected...)
Sayo: ... Hmm? It is from Hina.
Hina: "The rain isn't stopping."
Hina: "Need an umbrella? Want me to bring you one?"
Sayo: "No, I have a folding umbrella. Wait in the lobby at CiRCLE. I will not be late, but it will be close."
Sayo: ... There.
Rinko: Are you sure... you will be able to make it in time...?
Sayo: Yes. I accounted for this possibility when I booked the time slot.
Rinko: But it's raining... Please let me help you...
Sayo: No, this is my work, and you have your own.
Rinko: I... see. Please don't hesitate to ask me if you need help, though...
Sayo: Fufu, thank you very much for the offer. You truly are Hanasakigawa's student council president...
Rinko: I didn't offer as president... I offered as your friend...
Sayo: Shirokane-san... Thank you.
(Black cut)
Sayo: Now I just need to approve this with this stamp and... Finally done...
Rinko: Thank you for the work... How are you doing on time...?
Sayo: I should be able to make it. If you will excuse me now.
???: Are you there, Sis~?
Sayo: What...? This voice...
Hina: I knew you'd still be here! Hiya, Rinko-chan!
Rinko: H-hello... Hina-san...
Sayo: Hina... What are you doing here?
Hina: I came to bring you an umbrella~.
Sayo: Really now... I thought I told you I had an umbrella already.
Hina: But it's raining really, really hard outside. You'll get wet with a folding one!
Sayo: Just look at you now, though. You are soaked...
Hina: I don't care. It's for you~! Here you go, your umbrella!
Sayo: ... Thank you, Hina.
Sayo: Ah, did you get permission to enter the school grounds?
Hina: Don't worry! I told someone who looked like a teacher that I came to deliver your umbrella!
Sayo: Someone who looked like a teacher...?
Rinko: ... Fufu.
Sayo: Ah...! Sh-Shirokane-san, I am sorry, we must go to CiRCLE or else we will be late. Goodbye...!
Hina: Bye, Rinko-chan~!
Rinko: Okay... See you...
Rinko: ... Sisters are so nice...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Sayo: You should have waited at CiRCLE. At this rate, we will both be late.
Hina: It'll be okay~! We can still make it in time if we run!
Sayo: H-Hina, stop pulling.
Hina: C'mon! Let's run all the way to CiRCLE~.
Sayo: This is the hallway. We must not run.
Hina: Oh, right... But we won't make it if we don't, won't we?
Sayo: We can run once we leave the school. For now, let us walk briskly.
Hina: Ahaha, nice idea! You're so smart! Briskly it is~!
Sayo: H-Hina, you are going too fast!
Hina: But we're gonna have less time to play if we don't hurry! C'mon, hurry up!
Sayo: I told you to not pull...! Hina...
Sayo: You're such a handful...
