1177_Sayo Hikawa_R2 If It's You

<A New Solution?>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: Phew... Shirokane-san's proposal today was positively superb.
Sayo: (Administrative work is time-consuming, and the sense of accomplishment it gives is minimal at best. Yet Shirokane-san still decided that we would all help...
Sayo: (If it had been me, I doubt that I could have made that decision.)
Hina: Sis, I'm home~.
Sayo: Hina, why didn't you knock?
Hina: Ah, sorry~. Hey now, what's up with you, Sis? You're in a good mood!
Sayo: Yes, I suppose something good did happen.
Hina: Huh~?! What, what~?! Tell me~.
Sayo: It wasn't anything substantial, but...
(Black cut)
Hina: Wow, so that's how the student council went today. That explains your good mood~.
Sayo: That reminds me, Hina. I'd like to ask you something.
Hina: Me?! Sure! What is it?
Sayo: If it had been you in that situation I mentioned, how would you have handled it?
Hina: Hm~... If it had been up to me~...
Hina: I would have scrapped the whole thing!
Sayo: ... Huh?
Hina: Organizing paperwork is boring, am I right? So I figure that I'd do away with all that and try something totally different~.
Sayo: You mean... changing the entire system from the ground up?
Hina: Uh-huh!
Hina: That way, you wouldn't even need to think about how to manage the situation! And everyone would be happier that way!
Sayo: I see... I thought it was an outlandish idea at first, but that does sound like a viable option...
Sayo: But how would you go about implementing that? By doing your work, paperwork will inevitably follow. And if you don't keep it organized, it will come back to bite you.
Hina: Huh? Then why not just remember it all?
Sayo: ... Huh?
Hina: Everyone should just remember their stuff. It's easy!
Sayo: Sigh... Hina, we wouldn't have this problem if everyone could do that...
Sayo: I thought you were onto something, but I was apparently mistaken.
Hina: Huh~?! But you were saying such nice things before~!
Sayo: It means nothing if only you can do it. A truly meaningful idea would be one that anyone could do.
Hina: Is that right~? Ah, why not record a video on a phone, then?
Hina: There'd be no need to write it out if it was saved as data, and that would mean less time on organizing!
Sayo: Viewing said footage each and every time would be equally slow. Wouldn't it be better to simply organize the paper documents and review those instead?
Hina: That's not true~. Data can be transferred more easily.
Sayo: And on whose smartphone would it be stored? And should the data be lost, it would be a huge problem for the one responsible.
Hina: Hmmm, what if you copied the data over to a school computer?
Sayo: ... I see. That way, the data could be viewed even if everyone was not present... Still, the amount of time that would-...
Hina: Forget about that for now, because I've got a story for you!
Hina: So yeah, the funniest thing happened today! Kaoru-kun was all like~...
Sayo: I swear... Save it until I go get something to drink.


<Sometimes, It's Okay!>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, I think we could use a break. Hm? I think that I spy... Sayo-chan over there.
Marina: She's looking at that menu board pretty hard. Hey, Sayo-chan~.
Sayo: ...! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello. Correct me if I'm wrong, but... were you having trouble deciding something?
Sayo: Yes... There are actually two items that I am torn over... and I have been completely unable to make a decision.
Marina: I see. Which two are you stuck on?
Sayo: The café au lait or the strawberry latte.
Sayo: ... You know, this is likely what Shirokane-san went through the other day.
Marina: Did something happen with Rinko-chan?
Sayo: Yes. During both the student council and band rehearsals, she was given the opportunity to make the deciding vote between two choices. And so, she found herself somewhat torn.
Marina: Hmmm, that does sound rough. Did she reach a decision?
Sayo: Yes, of course. In the end, she rejected both options.
Marina: Huh? What do you mean?
Sayo: With both the student council and our band, she ignored the two original choices and instead presented an idea of her own.
Marina: Oh, that's cool~! Way to go, Rinko-chan!
Sayo: Yes, I agree.
Sayo: I imagine that her choice was a direct result of the time spent exploring every avenue before reaching a decision.
Sayo: I felt that I could learn a lot from the attitude she took towards those issues.
Marina: Fufu, you might be right about Rinko-chan, but you're willingness to learn from others is also admirable, Sayo-chan.
Marina: Ah, but if you ever find yourself unable to make a decision, I think it can help to ask for advice.
Sayo: Ask for... advice?
Marina: Uh-huh. For example, if you still don't know which drink you want, then I recommend the recently revamped café au lait!
Marina: They reduced the amount of sugar in it, so it tastes even smoother now. Perfect for any upcoming rehearsals, don't you think?
Sayo: ... Fufu. Okay, I will order the café au lait. Thank you very much for your advice.
Marina: No problem. Alright, do your best at your rehearsal!
Sayo: I will. Thank you very much. Please have a good day.
