1213_Sayo Hikawa_R3 Nostalgic Moment

<Sharing a Summer Tradition>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa)

[Embankment]

Sayo: Hm? Is that... a candy store over there?
Kokoro: Hey, it is! Let's go!
Sayo: Ah, Tsurumaki-san? ... She's already left.
Moca: Oh~, there's a sign for shaved ice hanging from the front of the store.
Rimi: Shaved ice! Oh yeah, it's that time of the year. Seeing that sign makes me realize summer's here.
Saya: I know the feeling~. Since we found this place, why don't we go have some shaved ice?
Sayo: Someone at the store might know where the sunflower field is. Let's go.
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Mmm~! It's sweet and cold and super tasty!
Moca: Shaved ice by the sea just taste different~.
Rimi: Yeah, but no one at the store knows where the sunflower field is...
Sayo: True. Maybe it's a place that only a few people know about.
Moca: Oh well, we'll look for the sunflower field after we finish. For now, let's enjoy our shaved ice~.
Sayo: Yes, but... if we spend too much time here...
Kokoro: Ah~! Brain freeze!
Saya: Ahaha. That already happened to me~. Getting a brain freeze really makes it feel like summer's here.
Rimi: Fufu. I think I know what you mean.
Moca: Kokoro-chan, you should eat your shaved ice slowly~.
Kokoro: Really? I love just stuffing a huge spoonful in my mouth! ... Oh~! Brain freeze!
Rimi: ...
Sayo: ...? Ushigome-san, is there something wrong with my shaved ice?
Rimi: Huh? Ah, I'm sorry! My eyes wandered off... It's nothing.
Saya: Fufu. Could it be that you would like to eat some of Sayo-senpai's shaved ice?
Rimi: U-uhhh... When I'm eating with Poppin'Party, we usually share. I'm just used to doing things like that...
Sayo: Oh, I see...
Sayo: (... I had the same thought when we went to see the fall leaves before. When I see Ushigome-san, for some reason, I can't leave her be.)
Sayo: (I don't usually do this kind of thing, but...)
Sayo: If you like, I'll give you a scoop.
Rimi: What?! Really?! Wow...! I'll take you up on your offer...!
Rimi: Mmm~, that's sooo good~! Is this yellow syrup lemon flavor?
Sayo: Huh? Ummm... Yes, it's lemon flavor.
Rimi: I knew it! It's refreshing and really delicious!
Rimi: Hikawa-senpai, would you like some of mine? It's strawberry flavor. It's really good!
Sayo: N-no, I, uh...
Rimi: ...!
Sayo: ... Okay, I'll have a bite.
Sayo: Fufu. The strawberry flavor is good too.
Rimi: Really? I'm glad you like it~!
Sayo: (The flavors and colors of syrup added to shaved ice may seem different, but they all taste the same...)
Sayo: (But it might be a little mean if I said that now.)
Kokoro: Rimi~! Let's share too!
Rimi: Of course! Kokoro-chan, you have melon-flavored syrup, right? It looks really yummy~!
Saya: Fufu. Sayo-senpai, you seem kind of happy looking at those two.
Sayo: R-really...?
Saya: Yeah. You really are a big sister.
Sayo: Fufu... Maybe.
Sayo: Well... since we're finished with our break, how about we try finding the field again?
All: Okay~!


<Synergy of Stillness and Motion>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: Hi, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I have a reservation for Studio C.
Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan, hi. You're here for some self-practice today, right?
Sayo: Yes. The other day, I went out on a little trip, which was very relaxing. I thought I'd get back into the swing of things with some practice today.
Marina: I see. You really are disciplined.
Marina: Hey, I heard that you, Moca-chan, and a few other girls when to take pictures of a really nice area.
Sayo: Yes, we did. I had gone out to look for a lodge for my archery club's training camp. I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw Aoba-san and the others.
Sayo: I had no intentions of joining them... but it seemed as if Tsurumaki-san and the others had come all that way with no real plan...
Marina: Ahaha... I guess you couldn't just leave them on their own, could you?
Sayo: Correct. I was worried about them...
Sayo: I was familiar with the area to some extent and thought I might be able to help a little, so I joined their search.
Marina: Oh, gotcha. That was really kind of you.
Sayo: N-no, I wouldn't say that...
Marina: What happened? From what I've heard, you usually don't hang out with those girls.
Sayo: Yes... Until then, I don't think I had spent that much time with Aoba-san and Tsurumaki-san.
Sayo: Those two acted exactly how you think they would. Aoba-san was very relaxed, while Tsurumaki-san was carefree and excited.
Sayo: You could say that one was still and the other was in constant motion...
Marina: I see~. Moca-chan and Kokoro-chan both tend to do things at their own pace, but they're at exact opposite ends of the spectrum.
Sayo: That they are. But I think our search was aided by that difference many times.
Sayo: Because of their unique points of view, I think we were able to find things that we most likely wouldn't have without them.
Marina: Hmm, so them being total opposites actually made them a good team. They complemented each other perfectly.
Sayo: Yes. The reason we were able to find the place we were searching for was thanks to those two.
Sayo: Being able to see that sunflower field along the coast against a clear blue sky is something you can only see this time of year. It was a very special experience.
Sayo: It made me realize that instead of over planning and letting an opportunity pass you by, sometimes it may be more important to take a leap of faith without a concrete plan.
Marina: Yeah, I think it's good to enjoy yourself without any restraints sometimes. You just might discover something new.
Sayo: I agree. I learned many things on the trip.
