1218_Sayo Hikawa_R4 To Where I Dream Of

Gacha phrase: Surely today's decision will lead to a bright future...

<Forging Good Relationships>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[A Day Off]

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Hina: Ahh, this is a good magazine.
Hina: It's the popular girl band edition! There's a big article on the event you played at, Sis!
Hina: Ahaha, they called Yukina-chan the "Songstress of Blue Roses"!
Sayo: You have been talking about that all day. Couldn't you at least read it in your own room?
Hina: What, why?! It's my day off~, let's read it together~!
Sayo: Good grief. Fine.
Hina: Woohoo! Love you, Sis!
Hina: Look here! I found a little photo of you!
Sayo: It is awfully small... I'm surprised you found it.
Hina: Ehehe♪ Right~?
Hina: Ahh~, I wanted to play in this show too~.
Hina: I actually asked about it, but they told me it was impossible!
Sayo: Of course it would be, it was an event held by a different agency. Sigh... I feel bad for your staff.
Sayo: Do you get along with them? You're not making ridiculous demands, are you?
Hina: Huh? I don't do that! I get on super well with our staff!
Sayo: I cannot picture it...
Sayo: (Although, I haven't heard about Hina having issues with staff from either Maruyama-san or Shirasagi-san. So I suppose she must be doing fine...)
Sayo: (Perhaps she has her own methods when it comes to communicating...)
Sayo: (We still have not finished our discussions with the agency, so maybe I should ask her for some tips on how to forge good relationships with them.)
Sayo: ... By the way... Do you happen to have any tips on how to foster good relationships with the staff?
Hina: Tips? Uhh~, like what? I've never really thought about that...
Hina: Ahh, maybe I have one. Always tell each other what you really think!
Sayo: Tell each other what you really think... Is that it?
Hina: Yeah, that's it. I think the key word there is "each other."
Hina: There can be things that the agency wants you to do, and things that you do and don't wanna do, right?
Hina: If you talk about those things properly, it feels way more boppin'♪
Sayo: Is that so...?
Hina: Like, at first they told us to lip-synch~, and I remember they used to decide lots of things for us randomly.
Hina: But now we just say "no way" and they don't push it, so I think we've got a lot more freedom.
Sayo: I see. Perhaps you mean to build trust by discussing the desires each of you has.
Hina: Yeah, yeah! That's it!
Hina: Thanks to that, they don't even get mad anymore that I take detours into stores when we shoot on location.
Hina: They don't even say anything when I go off script now. Although Chisato-chan tells me off.
Sayo: Wait a minute. You do all of these things?
Hina: ...? Yeah, why?
Sayo: (I am quite sure those would cause a problem, so why has no one said anything...?)
Sayo: (But I suppose Shirasagi-san does tell her off...)
Hina: Ah, but they do say no sometimes.
Hina: Like I think they stopped me when I suggested we use a funny pic I took of Aya-chan as the cover of a bonus CD...
Hina: Or when I said we should put a huge trampoline on the stage and perform on that~...
Sayo: ... Sigh...
Hina: ...? What's wrong?
Sayo: What do you mean "what's wrong"?
Sayo: I thought I would ask you for tips, but you are not doing well at all.
Hina: Aren't I?
Sayo: In fact, it sounds like you cause so many problems that they have stopped addressing each one.
Sayo: I really do feel bad for your staff...
Sayo: Are you listening, Hina? The staff are trying their best so everything can go smoothly. So refrain from asking too much of them.
Sayo: And do not just assume something is okay because they do not stop you. You must realize that something is bad if Shirasagi-san is the one who has to tell you off.
Sayo: ... Hey, are you listening to me? I'm telling you this now, but you always-
Hina: Huhhh~?! Why are you lecturing me~?!


<At Her Side>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Sayo: Oh? Is that you... Marina-san? And {{userName}}-san too. Hello.
Marina: Sayo-chan! What a coincidence! Are you shopping on your own today?
Sayo: Yes, I am running low on guitar strings and picks...
Marina: I see! We also came to buy replacements for some old equipment.
Marina: Ah, but... Sayo-chan, didn't you just say the other day that stocking up on consumable parts was your first priority?
Sayo: I may have said that.
Sayo: I had not realized it, but I have gone through a lot of picks and strings lately...
Marina: You must be practicing really hard. You're so dedicated.
Marina: To think that you haven't let it all go to your head and are still practicing hard after the agency event...
Marina: I can see why such a big agency scouted Roselia.
Sayo: So you heard about that...?
Marina: Of course. Actually, lots of people have been talking about it.
Sayo: I-I see...
Sayo: We have not officially joined them yet. We are still at the talking stage right now.
Sayo: Now is the time to pull ourselves together, not let ourselves get carried away.
Marina: Fufu, you are very stoic.
Sayo: No, I am looking forward to what will happen next.
Sayo: Since we will be able to gain a great deal of experience after we debut...
Sayo: We should be able to take what we've developed so far, and develop it dozens of times over.
Sayo: Just as we have up until now, the five of us will continue to work together to face the music we create.
Sayo: If we can do that, then I am certain...
Marina: Certain of what?
Sayo: Ah, well, this is kind of personal, but...
Sayo: I think that then, I might be able to stand with pride on the same stage as Hina.
Marina: I see. I think that is a wonderful goal.
Marina: Maybe a day will come where you'll even perform together with Hina-chan.
Sayo: Yes, it very well may...
Sayo: But the most important thing here is that we use these precious experiences as our sustenance.
Sayo: And that we decide everything bit by bit and move forward...
Sayo: That is what I want to focus on right now.
Marina: Yeah, I'm cheering for you guys!
Marina: Let me know as soon as your debut is decided! We can celebrate it here at CiRCLE!
Sayo: Y-you do not have to go that far...
Sayo: But I will definitely come and tell you. We owe so much to everyone at CiRCLE, after all.
Sayo: I look forward to the day I can do so.
