1360_Sayo Hikawa_R3 Thoroughly Prepared

<Meticulous Gift Selection>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Sayo: ... Kirigaya-san recommended this train pass case. However, it's a little flashy...
Sayo: It does seem easy to use, though... It has potential. Okay, next I'll check for- Hrm?
Aya: Ah, it's Sayo-chan! Hi♪
Sayo: Maruyama-san, Matsubara-san, hello. Are you shopping together?
Kanon: Yes, Aya-chan and I are looking for a Christmas present for Chisato-chan. What are you shopping for, Sayo-chan?
Sayo: I'm looking for Christmas presents for my band members.
Aya: Really?! You looked so serious just now. Are you having a hard time choosing presents...?
Sayo: Well, I've thought a lot about potential gifts, but I can't make up my mind...
Aya: Oh~... What about getting them something they like?
Aya: I feel like it should be pretty easy to pick something out for Ako-chan.
Sayo: Well, the thing is... we're doing a Secret Santa.
Sayo: I don't know who my gift will go to, so I need to find a present that would be nice for every member...
Kanon: It's fun to exchange presents, but choosing them can be really tough.
Aya: I know exactly what you mean~. I wouldn't know what to do if I had to choose a gift that would fit everyone in Pastel＊Palettes...
Kanon: Sayo-chan, what kind of presents were you thinking of?
Sayo: I've... made a list of all the good gifts I have seen so far.
Aya: Really?! Show us!
Aya: Wow...! This notepad is filled with things...!
Kanon: No kidding...! Let's see... "A train pass case... Kirigaya-san suggested this. Imai-san would like it. Not sure about the others."
Aya: And... "Scented candles... They don't serve any practical use, but they're decorative..."
Aya: You've written down a "bath and body gift set," "hand lotion," and... The list just keeps going.
Sayo: I have found many gifts that would be okay, but none of them strike me as "the one"...
Kanon: I know that feeling. I always worry a lot when I have to decide on a present to get someone...
Kanon: I'm having the same problem choosing a present for Chisato-chan. That's why I asked Aya-chan to look with me.
Aya: I think she'd be happy no matter what you give her, but it's still hard to choose.
Kanon: It is. Maybe it's just me... but I always feel better making decisions when I have a little help.
Aya: Me too~! When someone likes your idea, then you know you've got a winner!
Sayo: I see. Having a second opinion can be a deciding factor. Maybe I should have asked someone to come with me.
Kanon: Ah, well... why don't we all look together, then?
Aya: Yeah, let's shop together!
Sayo: But you two are already looking for a present for someone... Is that okay?
Kanon: Of course~. If you don't mind, I'd be happy to help.
Kanon: Besides, the more people you have looking with you, the more feedback you can get.
Sayo: Thank you... Shall we get started, then?
Aya: Okay, which store should we start from?
Kanon: Well~, um, how about the general store? I usually go there to buy presents for my friends...
Aya: Nice! Let's go!
Sayo: Ah, wait a moment!
Kanon: ...? What is it, Sayo-chan?
Sayo: I think it would make choosing a present easier if I told you what kinds of things my band members like lately.
Sayo: I made note of it here. Would you read this before we begin looking?
Aya: Let's see... Th-this is pretty detailed!
Kanon: Fue, it's more than one page...!
Sayo: It's best to have as much information as possible when trying to choose a present that would please everybody.
Sayo: Ah, maybe it would help if I explained my notes to you. First is-
Kanon: N-no, that's alright...!
Aya: You do things so seriously, Sayo-chan~...!
Sayo: You think so...?


<Comparing Then and Now>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Sayo: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi.
Marina: Sayo-chan! Hi, are you shopping too?
Sayo: Yes. I thought I'd get strings and whatnot while I have a break in my schedule.
Marina: Right, right. Roselia has gone pro, so you all are pretty busy nowadays.
Sayo: We are... But personally, I think our busy schedules are the smallest things that have changed about us.
Sayo: If I had to say, I believe our biggest change has been in how we think.
Sayo: I've... noticed a clear change. Minato-san is a good example of this.
Marina: She is?
Sayo: Yes, it happened the other day during Roselia's Christmas party.
Sayo: We were at Imai-san's house making decorations and cooking...
Sayo: We also played Udagawa-san's board game... The party was very entertaining.
Marina: I bet it was. I can tell by the look in your eyes that you had fun~!
Sayo: Fufu. When I think back on when we first formed Roselia, I could barely believe what I saw at the party.
Sayo: ... When it was ending, Minato-san said that she'd come to learn more about each of us.
Sayo: And she said it wasn't that she was trying to, it happened naturally.
Marina: Wow~. Maybe spending so much time together made it easier for her to understand everyone.
Sayo: I think so. Even when we started preparing for the party, Minato-san was making suggestions with all of us in mind.
Sayo: However, I don't think Minato-san noticed what she was doing at the time.
Marina: Fufu. It must have come naturally.
Sayo: Maybe it's like climbing a mountain path. You only realize how far you've traveled once you stop to look back at where you began...
Marina: Mm-hmm, Roselia has come a long way.
Sayo: Yes, we've overcome many obstacles.
Sayo: ... However, when we were at the party, there was something about us that I felt hadn't changed.
Sayo: For example, just like at the party, whenever we've done things that weren't band-related... or even with our music...
Sayo: Udagawa-san has always been the one that helps us get our feelings across to one another...
Marina: Oh. I guess Ako-chan kind of brings everyone together, doesn't she?
Sayo: ... Fufu. Yes, you're absolutely right.
Sayo: She is like an unwavering light that is always guiding us forward. Because of her, we can walk the long path to the top...
Sayo: Udagawa-san is such an encouraging presence in our band.
Marina: I can tell. It sounds like you had a wonderful time at the Christmas party too!
Sayo: Yes, I had a great time.
