1398_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Early Spring Stroll

Gacha phrase: ... Would you perhaps like to go together then?

<Afterword of a Journey>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Train]

Tsugumi: That was a fun trip, wasn't it, Sayo-san?
Sayo: Yes. There were many beautiful sights, and it was quite relaxing.
Sayo: And... I think going to that town has helped improve my understanding of the story.
Tsugumi: Same here! I feel like I better understand the feelings of the two friends!
Tsugumi: ... Ah, look. The sea's so pretty!
Sayo: The way the sunset reflects off of the water is truly spectacular...
Tsugumi: Very... It would probably look even better from the beach...!
Sayo: ... Shall we get off and go look?
Tsugumi: Really?! Are you sure though? You'll get home late...
Sayo: Do not worry about me. I have intended to spend most of my time today over here anyway. Not to mention, I would like to take a closer look too.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san... In that case, I'd love to go!
Sayo: Fufu, then let us do so.
Tsugumi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Beach]

Tsugumi: The sea really is beautiful, isn't it?
Sayo: Quite. The air is so refreshing... And it is just us in this quiet place.
Tsugumi: The sound of the breeze and the waves feels nice... This is so soothing.
Tsugumi: ... Um, Sayo-san. Thank you very much, by the way.
Tsugumi: For putting up with everything I wanted to do today, that is.
Sayo: What do you mean? I did not feel like I had to put up with anything...
Tsugumi: It's probably one of those things the person forced to go along doesn't even notice, but I'm still really grateful.
Tsugumi: So, thank you. You made today amazing for me.
Sayo: You do not need to thank me. I simply did what I wanted to do, and our desires just so happened to match.
Sayo: Also, it is because of your suggestions that I enjoyed the trip as much as I did, so thank you.
Tsugumi: Fufufu... It makes me really happy to hear you say that.
Sayo: And I have to say, deviating from one's plans like this is not so bad.
Sayo: Sometimes, choosing the best available path at a given moment is more important than trying to stick to a path one has chosen beforehand...
Sayo: It is thanks to you, many others, and my experiences that I am capable of feeling this way.
Tsugumi: Oh, I completely get what you mean!
Sayo: Always be flexible. Because nothing is ever a waste.
Tsugumi: Be flexible... Um, in that case, could I maybe ask you to adapt to my request...?
Sayo: A request? What do you have in mind?
Tsugumi: I'd like to take a picture here. Of us.
Tsugumi: It's such a pretty ocean, so I want something that'll remind me of today...
Sayo: ... Are you sure that is all you would like?
Tsugumi: I am. We have a lot of pictures of the town, but not very many of us two together...
Tsugumi: So... do you think you'd be okay with that...?
Sayo: ... Fufu. Of course. Shall we then?
Tsugumi: Oh, wow! Thank you so much!
Tsugumi: All right, could you come next to me, and we can have the sea behind us? After all, we are at the beach, so I also want a picture of the water...
Sayo: Understood... Will this do?
Tsugumi: Um... Maybe a little closer... I can't get both of us to fit.
Sayo: O-okay... How about this?
Tsugumi: Perfect! I'm taking the picture. Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<By Spending Time Together>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hi, Sayo-chan. Here to practice on your own, right?
Sayo: Yes. I must make up for the time spent on my trip the other day.
Marina: Fufu, always so disciplined. Anyway, what's this about a trip?
Sayo: Hazawa-san and I went to the town that served as the setting for a novel we both like.
Sayo: Our purpose was to eat the chocolate roll cake served at a café there, but along the way, we were able to see many wonderful sights.
Marina: Huh~, that sounds great!
Sayo: Yes, the air was refreshing, and the town was very quiet... But despite how peaceful it was, the thought that it was where the story takes place filled me with excitement.
Marina: I see! Fufu, it must've been a lot of fun to feel like you were inside the story. So, how was the chocolate roll cake?
Sayo: Unfortunately, the café we intended to visit was temporarily closed on that day...
Marina: Oh, really? Sorry to hear that.
Sayo: It was a shame, yes... However, Hazawa-san suggested that we attempt to recreate the roll cake in the story on our own, and we did precisely that.
Marina: Interesting~, now that sounds really fun!
Sayo: It was. And rereading the story to figure out the recipe allowed me to deepen my understanding.
Sayo: However, what I gained the most from the experience was the fulfilling time we spent enjoying baking together.
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you managed to turn that bit of misfortune into something positive you'll look back at fondly.
Marina: I have to say though, Tsugumi-chan's suggestion to make the roll cake yourselves sounds a lot like something she would say.
Sayo: Yes, that positivity of hers is something I have a lot to learn from.
Sayo: But that is not all. There is her attentiveness. When there were plum blossoms that had started to bloom, she noticed them when most people would not have.
Sayo: And when we were making the roll cake, she told Toyama-san and the others that she enjoyed teaching them because they were enjoying themselves.
Sayo: She truly is very good at noticing the little changes in everyday life and discovering the good qualities in others...
Marina: Fufu...
Sayo: ...? Did I say something strange?
Marina: Oh, it's not that. It's just that you seemed to enjoy gushing about Tsugumi-chan's good qualities just now.
Sayo: I-I did...? I did not notice...
Marina: Maybe that side of her has rubbed off on you because of all the time you've spent together.
Sayo: Has it...? If it has, I certainly will not complain.
Marina: Well, I hope you and Tsugumi-chan get to keep spending time together and going places.
Sayo: I do as well. But a proper balance of work and play is necessary, so I will dedicate myself to practice today.
Marina: All right, good luck!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
