1477_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Please be careful you do not purchase too much.

<Overshopping Alert>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ako: Sayo-san! Is there anything you're into lately?
Sayo: Into...? May I ask why you would like to know?
Lisa: We're throwing a birthday party for you later, right? So, we figured it'd be nice to also include some things that you like while we're at it!
Rinko: Because... today is your day... Hikawa-san...
Yukina: Yes. There's no need to hold back.
Sayo: Let's see... If we're talking about recently...
Sayo: I am rather interested in hundred-yen shops.
Lisa: What?! Hundred-yen shops?! I never expected to hear that from you, of all people~.
Sayo: O-oh...? I find them fascinating because they offer so many useful items at very affordable prices.
Yukina: Such as?
Sayo: For example... this ring that's attached to the handle of this bag. Opening it up allows it to be used as a hook.
Sayo: I find it quite useful because I can hang my bag from tables and such instead of placing it on the floor.
Ako: Oh, wow! I thought it was just some kind of fancy accessory!
Sayo: Yes, it does have a very simple design that allows it to blend in and not stand out too much. Aside from that, there's also...
Lisa: H-hold it, Sayo! Maybe you can give us a hundred-yen shop tour instead, and we can look for stuff for the party at the same time... What do you think?
Rinko: I like the idea... I haven't been to one very often...
Sayo: Very well. Let's start walking then. However, there is something I must tell you...
Sayo: Please be careful you do not purchase too much.


<Self-Policing?!>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Toko: Whoa~! This is a really nice photo!
Sayo: Thank you very much. My bandmates went to a lot of trouble to entertain me.
Sayo: Because of their efforts, the birthday party was extremely memorable.
Toko: Huh~! I'm a bit surprised Roselia does stuff like that, actually.
Toko: You all seem more like the strict and uncompromising we-only-do-music type. Like how you were earlier, Sayo-san!
Sayo: ... Only because of the unnecessary arrangements you made to the assigned piece. You can expect more corrections after this break, by the way.
Toko: See~! You are strict and uncompromising~!
Sayo: Sigh... Regardless of how I am, there is more to the current Roselia than simple discipline.
Sayo: Playing in harmony requires that there be a certain level of rapport between each of us.
Toko: Huh~, interesting~. Well, now I know you guys actually do fun stuff!
Toko: Based on that photo you showed me, it looks like a lot of care and attention went to the food and decorations.
Sayo: Yes. The food was prepared by Imai-san, and the majority of the decorations came from a hundred-yen shop.
Toko: Oh~, hundred-yen shop! I've been to one of those too! They're totally insane, aren't they?
Sayo: I don't know about insane, but the price and quality of their items do make them invaluable.
Toko: I so know what you mean~! I wasn't even meaning to, but I ended up filling my basket. Fusuke got mad at me for that.
Sayo: ... Y-you were scolded?
Toko: Can you believe that~? She told me getting extra things we didn't need was wasteful.
Sayo: I-I see. Her argument is quite sound, though...
Toko: Yeah~, I know! But everything's just so tempting~!
Toko: Oh yeah! Idea, Sayo-san! Let's go to a hundred-yen shop after practice!
Toko: With you around, I'll have someone to stop me from buying stuff I don't need!
Sayo: ... I'm afraid I may not be much use there.
Toko: Huh? Why?
Sayo: ... I've also had the same experience of filling an entire basket.
Toko: Ahaha! So you're just like me~!
Toko: How about we keep an eye on each other then? That'll solve the problem! Pure genius!
Sayo: In that case, I suppose... No, I'm not sure it's wise to rely on you...
Toko: Trust me, you'll be in good hands! Alright, let's hurry and get this practice stuff out of the way!
Sayo: Sigh... Just so you're aware, I intend to be strict and uncompromising during practice.
