1499_Sayo Hikawa_R4 To the Old Capital

Gacha phrase: Shirasagi-san, I wanted to thank you.

<To Learn>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Sayo: These are the trending sightseeing spots... This temple looks like one Maruyama-san would like. And the tranquil atmosphere of this one might suit Shirokane-san.
Hina: Sis, you seem to be more boppin' than usual! What're you looking at?
Sayo: Hina. I'm doing a simple search for temples and shrines in Kyoto.
Hina: Right, your school trip! Hanasakigawa is going around this time, huh? How nice~. I wanna go to Kyoto, too~.
Sayo: Calm down, Hina. The whole purpose of a school trip is to learn. I'm not just going for fun, you know?
Hina: You say that, Sis, but look at how much you're looking forward to it~.
Hina: You've been looking up random recommended spots and delicious places to eat in Kyoto. Don't think I don't know!
Sayo: ...?! Wait, how did you figure that out...?!
Hina: It's so obvious~. Don't tell me you've been so into your research that you didn't even notice I was here.
Sayo: Th-there's no way...
Hina: Anyway, you're gonna have so much fun! I'm looking forward to the souvenirs, Sis!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Studio]

Lisa: Sayo and Rinko, you two will be going on your school trip soon, right? Where are you going again?
Rinko: We'll be going around... Kyoto and Osaka...
Lisa: Kyoto and Osaka?! That sounds nice~! I can expect some souvenirs, right?
Sayo: Yes, of course. You can look forward to them.
Lisa: Woohoo! That's Sayo for you!
Sayo: (With that said, the purpose of this trip is still to learn. I need to get myself together...!)
Yukina: Looks like the three of you are ready for practice.
Sayo: Minato-san and Udagawa-san, too. Good morning.
Ako: Good morning! I'll get ready right away!
Ako: Hmhmhmm~♪ ... Ah, that's right! Listen to this, Sayo-san~! My friend, Kyo, bought this new toe-
Sayo: Kyo...to ...?
Yukina: ... Sayo? What's wrong?
Sayo: N-nothing... Nothing at all! Anyway, Udagawa-san, what were you saying?
Ako: Oh, my friend from school told me she got this super cool toe ring!
Sayo: O-oh, I see. That's wonderful...
Sayo: Should we go to the accessories store to take a look sometime?
Lisa: Hey, that sounds great! Can I come, too? We could even go today. Looks like the weather is great in To-kyo to-day...
Rinko: Tomorrow might be better... since we just finished our new song... I should check... what the weather is like... in To-kyo to-morrow...
Sayo: To-kyo... to-morrow... Kyo... to...
Sayo: (Oh, no. I'm getting distracted when I hear anything that sounds even remotely like "Kyoto.")
Sayo: (... On that subject though, I wonder what kind of souvenirs Udagawa-san and the others would want.)
Sayo: (Even though I have an idea of where to go for meals, I haven't looked up dessert places... Also, I should do some research on souvenirs when I get back...)
Yukina: ... Sayo?
Sayo: ... O-oh, no!
Sayo: (I just told myself that I need to get it together, yet I immediately started thinking about Kyoto again... Exactly how excited am I for this trip...?!)
Lisa: Ahaha. Sayo, you're really looking forward to it, huh?
Sayo: Looking... forward...? You know what I'm thinking about? Is it really... written all over my face...?
Lisa: Ahaha! No, no!
Lisa: Actually, I was talking to Hina earlier, and she said, "Sis has been doing all sorts of searches for places to go in Kyoto!"
Ako: And that's why we had to...
Lisa: Right?
Sayo: D-did you guys... plan all those words on purpose...?
Yukina: Allow me to state that I was initially against it.
Lisa: Hey, that's not fair, Yukina~! It's not like you tried hard to stop us or anything!
Sayo: Minato-san, you too? ... My goodness.
Lisa: Ahaha, we're really sorry!
Lisa: But seriously, who wouldn't be excited about a school trip~?! You just focus on having fun while you're there, Sayo ☆
Ako: That's right! After all, you're going on a school trip. It'd be a total waste to not create a ton of fun memories!
Lisa: By. The. Way~. I have some amazing spots to recommend to you~! You see, I did all sorts of research yesterday...
Yukina: Please talk about that after practice.
Lisa: Okay~☆ I'll save that for later, then. I'll tell you where you can enjoy the best matcha desserts in Kyoto!
Sayo: Yes... Please do.
Sayo: (After practice... I should just be honest and tell Hina and all of Roselia how much I'm looking forward to the trip...)
Sayo: (Then I will get their recommendations... and when I come back, I can tell them about all the memories I made...)
Yukina: Alright, let's begin. Everyone ready?
Lisa, Ako & Rinko: Yeah! Okay~!
Sayo: (But for that to happen, I must first focus all my attention on being the guitarist of Roselia!)
Sayo: ... Yes...!


<Always With>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: Hello there, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Sayo-chan, hello! You must be here to practice on your own today.
Sayo: Yes, and also... here are some souvenirs from my school trip. I hope everyone can enjoy them.
Marina: Wow, thanks! I see, so you went on your school trip. Did you have a good time?
Sayo: Yes, the trip was very meaningful. The historical streets of Kyoto were impressive in and of themselves.
Sayo: Walking along them made me think about various things, such as the paths we've taken until now and the ones we will walk in the future.
Sayo: Besides that... going on a trip with my classmates was simply... a lot of fun.
Sayo: We enjoyed delicious meals at the hotel together and got scared telling horror stories to each other at night. Ordinary moments like those felt extremely pleasant...
Marina: Fufu. Those are some of the best parts of school trips... I must say, I think you've changed a bit, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: Yes... Perhaps you're right. I don't think I would have had the leeway to enjoy events like this in the past.
Sayo: However, this time, I enjoyed myself to my heart's content. I'm very delighted about this change.
Marina: Yes, absolutely! I'm in agreement with you.
Sayo: ... However... at the same time, it feels like my past self is still a part of me.
Sayo: During this school trip, I fully realized that the accumulation of experiences I have had made me who I am now.
Sayo: That means... I cannot exclude the existence of my past self, who was always in a rush and had a narrow view of the world.
Sayo: I need to accept and embrace her and let my past experiences guide me from here on out.
Marina: That's right... Just like you said, we are who we are because of our past.
Sayo: Even in the past, new places have existed in old districts. They emerged not by destroying the old but by making good use of it.
Sayo: What should be kept and what should be changed...? In the same way, I need to make these distinctions and decide.
Sayo: That goes for me...  and Roselia, too.
Marina: Yes. It sounds like you've got this! Sometimes you just need to stop and reflect on the past.
Sayo: Yes. I now firmly believe this is a necessary action in order to move in a positive direction into the future.
Sayo: After taking a good look back, we just need to decide which way to go and move forward.
Sayo: But for that to transpire, I must not forgo practicing regularly.
Marina: Fufu. That sounds just like you, Sayo-chan. It'd be nice if we could help you out, even if it's just a bit.
Sayo: Yes... I'll still require support from the two of you from here on.
Sayo: With that said, I'll be borrowing one of your studio rooms now.
Marina: Right! I'm so glad we got to hear about your school trip. Good luck with practice today!
