1582_Sayo Hikawa_R4 To Walk the Thorny Path

Gacha phrase: (In order to keep playing the guitar, what I have to do is...)

<To Continue Being Together>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Sayo: Let's take a break now. Minato-san, is there anything that you feel should be brought up?
Yukina: Hmm... Ako, during the middle, there was a part where your rhythm became slightly too fast.
Ako: Ah~, sorry! It's so hard to resist because of all the energy that builds up there...
Yukina: And Rinko, I want your music to be a little more assertive. As for you, Lisa, you need to be able to play each note here with greater care.
Lisa & Rinko: Got it~. Okay...
Yukina: ... That should be about it.
Sayo: ...? Excuse me, you have nothing to say to me?
Yukina: Not particularly.
Sayo: Oh... For example, I personally feel the beginning of the first verse...
Yukina: Yes, if I had to point out something, it would be that. However, I knew you were already aware.
Sayo: Th-thank you very much...
Ako: And here I thought you didn't say anything 'cause you felt Sayo-san played perfectly!
Lisa: I know what you mean. She really did play great.
Rinko: It was almost like a concert instead of practice because of how intense it felt...
Sayo: Well...
Yukina: Can I assume everything has been resolved?
Sayo: In a manner of speaking... although I wouldn't say resolved...
Sayo: That said... there is something I've discovered.
Rinko: Discovered...?
Sayo: Yes. I found what I need to overcome if I'm to keep playing the guitar.
Ako: Oh... That's a bit of a relief!
Sayo: Thank you. I know I made you worry as well, Udagawa-san.
Ako: It's okay! I'm just glad you're feeling better, at least!
Ako: You really were amazing today, though, Sayo-san! It was like a last boss's second form or something!
Yukina: ... Your examples are as confusing as ever, Ako.
Lisa: Ahaha... I think I get what you're trying to say though.
Rinko: Like breaking out of your shell... right...?
Ako: Exactly, Rin-rin.
Sayo: Saying I've broken out of my shell may not be entirely accurate. I don't believe I've reached that point yet.
Ako: Oh, really?
Sayo: I doubt I'll change to such a degree... until after I've stood on the same stage as Hina...
Sayo: Until after I've held my head high at her side...
Sayo: And that's precisely why, before that day comes...
Sayo: I hope to find an answer to the discovery I'm struggling with.
Ako: Sayo-san...
Sayo: I apologize, I know this is just a personal problem...
Lisa: Sayo~, you don't need to apologize for something like that.
Yukina: Agreed. All of us here understand that you're struggling with something that matters a great deal.
Yukina: And we also know just how seriously you take music.
Ako: Yeah! So don't say you're sorry!
Ako: After seeing you today, I feel like I need to practice even harder!
Rinko: Me too... I don't want to be left behind by you...
Sayo: Everyone...
Ako: Hey, hey, Yukina-san! I know it's a bit early, but maybe we can get back to practice!
Lisa: Oh~! Nice idea~☆
Sayo: Wait, we need to rest properly. Blindly practicing a lot won't do us any good.
Ako: Then how about we use the rest of our break to work on the set list?
Rinko: Harumi-san did ask us... to come up with one to share with her...
Ako: Yeah! It'd be great if we could make it so cool that it blows her and everyone else away!
Sayo: As I've been trying to say, adequate rest is...
Yukina: I don't mind. It is something I've been feeling the need to discuss sooner or later.
Ako: Yay~, thank you so much!
Sayo: I suppose there's nothing I can do...
Sayo: Very well. Since Minato-san agrees, let's work on our set list.
Ako: Fu, fu, fu~. Actually, I've already thought of a super cool one!
Lisa: Wait, you too? I kind of have some ideas myself...
Rinko: U-um... So do I...
Yukina: Same.
Lisa: The way this is going, don't tell me you also do, Sayo.
Sayo: As a matter of fact, I do. I've prepared three versions.
Lisa: Ahaha. Looks like we're all pretty motivated☆
Ako: Oh~, me first, me first! Um, we open with a bang with "BLACK SHOUT", and then~...
Rinko: H-hold on, Ako-chan... Let me write this down...
Yukina: Some of us certainly seem to have an overabundance of energy.
Sayo: Indeed...
Ako: Hey, Sayo-san!
Sayo: ...?
Ako: Let's do our best with our nationwide tour!
Sayo: Yes... of course.
Sayo: Not just with our tour, though, but with everything that lies beyond...
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Even the Weight of What I Bear>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Sayo: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Are you on your way home from work?
Marina: Evening, Sayo-chan. We were just talking about doing dinner together since we finished work early.
Marina: Were you practicing?
Sayo: No, I was just at the agency until now for a meeting to discuss our nationwide tour.
Marina: Oh. They're keeping you out pretty late.
Marina: So, already preparing for your big tour, huh? Is everything coming along smoothly?
Sayo: We're managing somehow, thanks to the staff. All the details that still need to be worked out have made it necessary to have a lot of meetings though.
Marina: I see. I guess this means you're having to focus on tour preparations instead of practice.
Sayo: Actually, no. I'm still practicing. I want to be able to make the most of each session when we are able to find time to practice together.
Sayo: After all, now that I've decided to pursue music as a professional, I feel constant improvement is necessary.
Sayo: It's also something that has to be done so that I can continue being Roselia's guitarist for the decades to come.
Marina: Wow, now that's dedication! I can really feel your resolve.
Sayo: ... I'm not sure it can be called resolve... but I finally see that that's what it means to be a professional.
Sayo: And what got me thinking about such a distant future for the first time was actually something relatively minor and everyday.
Marina: I see. Maybe going pro is showing you things you couldn't see before.
Sayo: That might be it.
Sayo: The reason I started playing the guitar... The meaning of having played until now... The stage I'm aiming for that I see my future self standing on...
Sayo: They're all connected to a single path because of the existence of someone inseparable from me.
Sayo: However... I can't keep relying on her.
Sayo: Until I become independent and capable of finding my own reasons, I'll never be able to make it to her side in the truest sense.
Sayo: As things are now, even if we were to stand together, we would be stuck there forever. I can't let that happen.
Sayo: Because even after reaching my goal of getting up on that stage, I want to keep playing as Roselia's guitarist.
Marina: Sayo-chan...
Marina: Your desire to treasure both your past and your future must be why you're struggling so hard.
Sayo: Yes... I know I may be overcomplicating the issue, but I just don't want to have it any other way...
Sayo: I can't stand the idea of not being able to treasure everything.
Marina: I see. I know it's not an easy problem, but you'll always have our support.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Sayo: Ah... I apologize for rambling for so long.
Marina: It's okay. Thanks for sharing something so important with us. It's already dark, so take care on your way back, okay?
Sayo: I will. See you again at CiRCLE.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
