1641_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Only the Moon Knows

Gacha phrase: (The next one is already taking place tomorrow. However...)

<Too Much Preparation?>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: Alarm clock, toothbrush... I should probably also bring some spare guitar strings, just in case...
Hina: Knock, knock~!
Sayo: Hina... You're supposed to wait for a reply before coming in.
Hina: Sorry~. Mom wants you to come. Dinner's going to be ready soon.
Hina: ... Hm? What are you preparing for?
Sayo: Our concerts outside of Tokyo.
Sayo: I might forget something if I prepare in a hurry the day before, so I thought it would be best to do so ahead of time.
Hina: Oh, your big tour's soon, huh...?
Sayo: ...? What's wrong?
Hina: Nothing. Why~?
Sayo: ...? Okay...
Sayo: ... How odd.
Hina: Hm? What is?
Sayo: The usual you would say something like "I'm going with you to Osaka!"
Hina: Hmm~, yeah~... But this is your super important, first-ever national tour!
Hina: I'm gonna be rooting for you from here with all my heart so that you can do your absolute best!
Sayo: Hina...
Sayo: In that case, I suppose I'll ask you to take care of the rooting.
Hina: Leave it to me~! By the way, you'll be performing in Osaka on Saturday and Sunday, right?
Sayo: Correct. Why...?
Hina: You seem to have a lot of stuff for just two days. It looks so heavy~.
Sayo: I-I do...? I've made an effort to pack only the essentials.
Hina: You don't really need two folding umbrellas, then, do you?
Sayo: Somebody might forget theirs. Especially Udagawa-san. She can be a little on the careless side...
Hina: Hm, okay... But I don't think you'll need this many handkerchiefs.
Hina: There'll be towels and stuff at the hotel... Ah, you even packed a hair dryer!
Sayo: H-Hina, stop pulling my things out.
Hina: Ah, and two guitar straps! And all these strings too!
Sayo: Just to be safe. We're going to unfamiliar territory. There's no telling what might happen.
Sayo: Also, since this will be our first time performing outside of Tokyo, we have to make sure the concerts go well.
Sayo: A little extra preparation is just what we need to ensure we can give our best performance.
Hina: Huh, okay~... Oh yeah! Aren't you going to bring a permanent marker?
Sayo: A permanent marker? What for?
Hina: Autographing~! Your fans over there might ask for one.
Sayo: I find that highly unlikely... Bringing my own marker seems like a bit much.
Hina: But there was this time the other day when Aya-chan got asked for an autograph, and her fan didn't have a felt tip pen~.
Hina: Both of them panicked so much, so it's not like it can't happen~!
Sayo: Only in rare instances... but perhaps it won't hurt to have one ready...
Hina: Totally~! Oh, and you'll need a lot more guitar picks as well.
Sayo: I will...? I already have so many though.
Hina: There might be people in the audience who'll ask you to throw your pick. You need to bring a lot more extras!
Sayo: That doesn't happen at our concerts.
Hina: You can never be too sure~... Come on, let's go buy some together.
Sayo: That's what you've been wanting to say this whole time, isn't it?
Hina: And what if I have? Come on~! It'll also let you do a final check to see if you need to get anything else.
Hina: Plus, I'll be there too, so maybe I'll remember things you're forgetting. Please? Let's go!
Sayo: ... Sigh. Fine. Can I ask you to come with me then?
Hina: Great~! Let's hurry up and finish dinner, and we can go after that!
Sayo: No, let's wait until tomorrow. It's already late. I'll try to figure out again what else I might need.
Hina: Really?! Then does that mean we get to spend all of tomorrow shopping together?!
Sayo: I still have to practice for the tour, and it's not like shopping will take that long.
Hina: Oh~... But at least we still get to go shopping together! I'm feeling boppin'♪
Sayo: You do know our purpose is business, not pleasure, right?
Hina: Of course~...! Hey, hey.
Sayo: Yes?
Hina: Was my advice helpful to you?
Sayo: ... It was.
Hina: Yay~! Okay, then from now on, I'll check your stuff with you before you go places on your tour!
Sayo: There you go again, letting it get to your head...
Sayo: (But... thank you, Hina...)


<Engrave to Advance>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Ah, Sayo-chan. Hi!
Sayo: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Are you purchasing supplies for CiRCLE?
Marina: Mm-hmm. We're replacing the shielded cables we rent out with new ones. I take it you're also shopping?
Sayo: Yes. I wore out my guitar strings during our performances in Osaka, so I've come to restock.
Marina: I see. Well, you did just come back recently. Congratulations on your shows, by the way. How were things over there?
Sayo: We didn't have time for sightseeing, but we were taken to an okonomiyaki restaurant.
Sayo: It was even more hectic than I expected over there though... We had quite the two days.
Marina: Sounds like you got the standard experience playing outside Tokyo then. Anyway, how'd the shows go?
Sayo: ... Hmm. Thankfully, the audience's reception was positive.
Sayo: However... for us, the results of our first day there ended up being rather regrettable.
Marina: Regrettable...?
Sayo: We failed to perform at what we would consider to be an acceptable level.
Sayo: During the concert on the first day of our tour, our fire and the audience's fire became one... The feeling of having created an even bigger fire was exhilarating.
Sayo: However, we became too dependent on that sensation.
Marina: Hmm, well, taking what worked for a past show and applying it to the next one tends to be pretty important...
Sayo: We still fully intend to continue learning from our past concerts. That said, what matters most is "today's" concert.
Sayo: Establishing a new best cannot be done simply by chasing after past successes... At the time, we had lost sight of something so obvious.
Sayo: Of course, it doesn't mean we can perfectly replicate a past concert, either. Or redo one, for that matter...
Marina: I see... Well, that is what makes shows both interesting and challenging.
Sayo: Yes. Our concert on that day helped me see that again.
Sayo: During the meeting after our first concert in Osaka, all of us were desperate to find ways to make up for that concert by doing well on our second concert.
Sayo: All of us except for Shirokane-san. She was the only one who was thinking about the feelings of the people who had come to our concert on that "today."
Marina: Thinking about your future audience is important, but that doesn't make the feelings of today's audience any less important.
Sayo: Yes. From now on, I hope to move forward without ever forgetting about that day's regrets.
Marina: Good. I know having to deal with a bitter memory like that isn't easy, but I'm sure you girls will be able to do it.
Marina: You have my support, so just let me know if there's anything I can do to help, okay?
Sayo: Thank you very much. Just talking to you has helped me make better sense of everything that happened.
Marina: Great. Oh, and sorry for keeping you from your shopping.
Sayo: No, I'm just as guilty. There's no need for an apology. See you again at CiRCLE.
