1693_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Graduation

Gacha phrase: Looking back... the past three years were full of blessed encounters.

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on graduating!
Kasumi: You always listen to me seriously when I talk about stuff, so I end up depending on you a lot. Ehehe.
Kasumi: So from now on, I'll treat my underclassmen the same way you treated me!
Arisa: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Arisa: I've gotten used to seeing you in the student council room, so knowing that you won't be there anymore makes me a little sad... No, more like really sad...
Arisa: From now on, we'll make sure to take care of the Hanasakigawa that you treasured so much. Please watch over us.
Rimi: Hikawa-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Rimi: When we went to see the fall leaves, you helped me take videos to send to Sis... It made me really happy.
Rimi: You are stern, but more than that, you're so kind... I love that about you. Even after you become a college student, please hang out with us again.
Tae: Hikawa-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Tae: The sound of your guitar playing is cool. It's as sharp as a sword. Lately, it feels like there's more color to it. A light, gentle color.
Tae: Next time, please tell me what you think my guitar sounds like!
Saya: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Saya: When we went looking for the sunflower field, you helped us even though you were busy... Thank you very much.
Saya: Just like you, I'll do my best to be someone who my underclassmen can rely on!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Sayo-san! Congrats on graduating!
Ako: I'm sad that you'll become a college student, but as the high school representative of Roselia from now on, I'll become cooler than before!
Ako: So don't worry and enjoy being in college! I'll catch up to you before you know it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Sayo-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Eve: You are always strict with yourself, kind toward others, and you stick to your beliefs... You represent what bushido is!
Eve: I hope you will let me continue to learn from your bushido at your side!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Misaki: I can't thank you enough for dealing with Kokoro and Hagumi at school. I really don't know how to thank you...
Misaki: From now on, Ichigaya-san and I will do our best to carry on the things you held dear.
Kokoro: Sayo! Congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: You'd always scold me whenever I ran in the hallway!
Kokoro: I recently found out it was so that I wouldn't hurt myself or the people around me. You really are so kind! Thanks!
Hagumi: Sayo-senpai! Congrats on your graduation!
Hagumi: I finally get why I can't bring an egg to school!
Hagumi: It's 'cause it has to go in a case so it doesn't break, just like how a guitar has to go in its case, too, right? So next time I bring one, I'll be sure it's in an egg case!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Do I still have to do this? ... Ugh, fine...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sayo, congrats on graduating.
CHU² (Chiyu): Your guitar playing will continue to evolve, probably more than you can ever imagine. Never lose sight of that desire to improve yourself that's always within you.
LAYER (Rei): Hikawa-san, congratulations on graduating.
LAYER (Rei): The way you always keep practicing your guitar inspires me a lot.
LAYER (Rei): But please don't push yourself too hard. Taking breaks is important too.
LOCK (Rokka): Sayo-senpai, congratulations on graduating!
LOCK (Rokka): Your string muting is so freaking cool! Please teach me next time!
PAREO (Reona): Sayo-san, congratulations on your graduation!
PAREO (Reona): I have had the pleasure of attending Roselia's concerts, and I have observed that your playing style has grown increasingly more carefree.
PAREO (Reona): Entering the professional music scene must be serving as a good influence... RAS may be on a different path, but I shall continue to support Roselia's further endeavors!
MASKING (Masuki): Sayo-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): When I'm at CiRCLE, sometimes I hear guitar sounds from the booth... Thinkin' about how you're also there motivates me to practice harder when I'm goin' solo.
MASKING (Masuki): I'm sure the professional scene ain't gonna be easy... but I know that you and the rest of Roselia can pave the way to a bright future, so keep doin' your best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on your graduation~.
Nanami: Thanks for always dropping by the restaurant with Roselia.
Nanami: I already have your order memorized, so from now on you can just say you want the "usual."
Tsukushi: Sayo-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: Thank you for always coming to Hazawa Coffee!
Tsukushi: I made a new dessert that you might like, so please drop by and have a taste!
Mashiro: Sayo-san, congratulations on graduating.
Mashiro: I heard from Ako-chan that you play NFO too.
Mashiro: I'm a little interested in it... so if you're willing, please teach me about the game.
Rui: Hikawa-san, congratulations on graduating.
Rui: I would like to express my gratitude for taking care of Kirigaya-san. Because of you, her guitar skills have improved.
Rui: Though she may continue to cause you trouble... I would appreciate it if you could continue offering her your strict guidance and encouragement.
Toko: Sayo-san~! Congrats on graduating~!
Toko: I'll practice the guitar even more and become better than you someday, so please keep teaching me~!
Toko: Oh, yeah! I'll be free tomorrow, so let's go shopping for some clothes together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Sayo-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Ran: I know I've probably said some pretty arrogant things to you... but, um, I've always thought your guitar playing is really cool.
Ran: Please keep going with that stoic mindset of yours.
Moca: Sayo-san~! Congrats~, you graduated~.
Moca: I realized something when we did the joint show together, Sayo-san. Your notes seem to have gotten even crisper~.
Moca: Did you change your effects pedal or something? I wanna try out different sounds, so let's go to the music store together~.
Tomoe: Sayo-san, congrats on your graduation!
Tomoe: We both have little sisters, so we got to talk a lot. Let's chat more about being big sisters!
Tomoe: Oh, yeah! If you're up for it, wanna try playing the taiko drums? I think it'd really suit you!
Himari: Sayo-san! Congratulations on graduating!
Himari: You're always so calm and cool~... As Afterglow, we'll keep improving so that we don't lose to Roselia!
Tsugumi: Sayo-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsugumi: How was high school life? ... Fufu, you don't have to tell me. I already know.
Tsugumi: I'll always be waiting for you with your favorite tea, so feel free to drop by the café anytime!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Though There Be Days Past>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Downtown]

Sayo: ... When I was here that time, I...
Sayo: Oh... {{userName}}-san, hello. I’m on my way home from buying a vase. I wanted to display the flowers I received during the graduation ceremony.
Sayo: ... Hmm? What was I looking at, you say? Actually, a while back in this very place, I wrote a tanzaku during the Star Festival.
Sayo: It's strange how differently I feel now about that moment compared to back then...
Sayo: At the time, Hina and I weren't very close...
Sayo: However, all those days I've spent with her have added up, and now... I even feel fondness for the slight pain that remains from my scars...
Sayo: ... The passage of time is a strange thing. I feel like it changes you slowly.
Sayo: No... Time is not the only reason. Band activities and my three years at Hanasakigawa are what changed me. At least, that's how I feel.
Sayo: The fact that I changed over the course of my three years of high school must mean the many people I met allowed my days to be fulfilling.
Sayo: I cannot thank Hanasakigawa enough... for giving me the place and opportunity to grow and mature.
Sayo: The school felt like it highly promoted freedom and prioritized the independence of its students.
Sayo: In other words, it can be said to have faith in its students...
Sayo: I am proud to have been a student there for three years.
Sayo: Of course, graduating is not only a goal but also a checkpoint...
Sayo: From now on, I will enter college, and I will have to think even more seriously about my future self.
Sayo: Now that I have begun to accept my sound... I wonder what my reason for making it will be and what my sound will be like when it resonates in the future.
Sayo: But there is one thing that's certain. I will devote myself even further as Roselia's guitarist.
Sayo: There is no doubt about that.
Sayo: I talked a little too much... Well then, I should head out.
Sayo: {{userName}}-san, I hope I may rely on your continued support.
Sayo: Alright, see you at CiRCLE.
