1734_Sayo Hikawa_R4 One Note at a Time

Gacha phrase: Let's focus, everyone.

<What a Collab Means>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Sayo: How interesting... I was unaware that collabs could be done this way...
Lisa: Morning~.
Sayo: Good morning, Imai-san.
Lisa: Oh, Sayo! Heya~. Already here, huh?
Sayo: Yes. You're quite early yourself though. There's still considerable time until the meeting...
Lisa: Well~, third period suddenly got canceled.
Lisa: I figured maybe I could kill time somewhere, but since we do have a meeting, I thought I might as well do it here.
Lisa: What about you, Sayo?
Sayo: I've been using this meeting room... to conduct some research...
Lisa: Research, huh~? What kind?
Sayo: About collabs... actually.
Lisa: Oh! Harumi-san did say there was an offer for us in the works.
Sayo: Yes. That made me curious, you see...
Lisa: Huh~. Now that you mention it, I got all excited over the collab, but I don't actually know much about collabs...
Lisa: They're supposed to be when a company features you at a shop or something... right?
Sayo: More or less, yes. Let's see, where should I begin...
Sayo: First, the word "collab" was taken from English... and it means to cooperate or work together...
Sayo: As the meaning would suggest, this isn't simply a matter of writing a song for ourselves. We need to work with the other party to create a song together.
Sayo: That's why it's important to understand how a collab partner is viewed by their fans.
Lisa: How they're viewed by the fans, huh...? There are all kinds of fans, though, so I guess we'll need to do some proper research.
Sayo: Correct. Failure to do so will result in disappointing them.
Sayo: Through my research, I've come to realize that a "collab" is something that must be handled with extreme care.
Lisa: Makes sense... If a brand I like did a collab that went against its image, I don't think I'd be too happy about it.
Lisa: I guess this collab stuff is actually pretty deep.
Sayo: Yes. Our song will have to be made within the constraints of the other company's demands.
Lisa: I see. So, please their fans while staying true to our music... Yup, not gonna be a walk in the park!
Sayo: Most likely, yes. Additionally... there are apparently different types of collabs.
Sayo: The one we are most familiar with is likely commercials.
Lisa: Oh, like car commercials? Whenever there's a song playing that I like, I do find myself looking into it~.
Sayo: Hopefully, we will be able to create a song that can make an impression like that.
Lisa: I'm sure we'll manage!
Lisa: You know... I have to say you're always so reliable~.
Lisa: All the research and preparing you do is probably why things always go according to plan.
Lisa: I'm really grateful that you're a part of Roselia, Sayo.
Sayo: Imai-san... You give me too much credit. The research is only to satisfy my own curiosity...
Lisa: Just your own curiosity, huh~? Well, I'm still grateful!
Sayo: I-I see...
Lisa: Just look at me. I'm even more excited and determined to make the collab a success after hearing what you said.
Lisa: I'm sure everyone else will be excited too!
Sayo: Imai-san... Fufu, thank you very much.
Lisa: You've probably gotten pretty excited yourself while doing research, haven't you?
Sayo: I suppose. Who we're doing a collab with, what sort of requests they will make....
Sayo: And what kind of song we will make to meet their demands... I do find myself wondering.
Sayo: I hope we can make a song that satisfies our partner and their fans.
Lisa: Yeah! Let's do our best~!


<Between Reality and Ideals>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Thank goodness we managed to complete our shopping run~.
Marina: All that walking around was pretty exhausting, though, huh? Let's head back to CiRCLE and take a break.
Marina: Hm? That person heading this way... Hey~, Sayo-chan!
Sayo: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi. On your way back from practice?
Sayo: No, actually, I went to purchase this.
Marina: A fashion magazine? It's not exactly something I see you doing every day.
Sayo: You see, we wrote a song as part of a collab offer we received from a certain brand the other day.
Sayo: It's touched on in this magazine, so I thought it would be good to take a look.
Marina: Oh, I've been hearing about that collab from everyone. Not exactly a walk in the park, was it?
Sayo: Yes. Although the collab ended up being accepted by the fans and helped garner publicity... it was not an easy challenge by any means.
Marina: I see... At least everything worked out in the end though.
Sayo: I agree... Not to mention, the collab forced us to reflect more deeply on what it means to work as a professional.
Sayo: Specifically, on what the right choice is when the Roselia people expect... and the music we express are at odds...
Sayo: In the end though... we couldn't make ourselves write a song that went against who we are now.
Sayo: Because we believed that doing so would have been like sullying our pride as Roselia...
Marina: Sayo-chan...
Sayo: On the one hand, I've deeply reaffirmed my belief that our pride as Roselia needs to be a part of us as we move forward.
Sayo: On the other hand, moving forward will require more than pride, I feel.
Marina: Yeah. Being a professional band means you'll probably have to wrestle with many difficult choices...
Marina: But that act of struggling is also what makes you girls really awesome.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Sayo: I'm afraid, however, that I have to excuse myself because I have plans.
Marina: Oh, look at the time! Yeah, we need to get going too.
Marina: Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us, and good luck.
Sayo: Thank you. See you again at CiRCLE.
