1765_Sayo Hikawa_R5 Devil Hunter Supervisor

Gacha phrase: You have two choices.

<Devil Hunters' Party Pt. 1>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Sayo: Now we are all here. I hope you each understand what your mission is today.
Rui: Yes, I informed everyone a moment ago.
Sayo: Thank you. Well then, please begin the mi-
Toko: Excuse me~, question.
Sayo: What is it?
Toko: How long are we gonna keep doing this~? I'm tired of just patrolling~.
Toko: We walk around and around the town, and nothing ever happens. What's the point~?
Rimi: It does seem like the townspeople are relieved that the devils are gone.
Ran: I think so too. There's even music playing in the streets downtown again.
Sayo: That kind of carelessness can lead to irreparable tragedy. Once something has happened, it is already too late.
Ran: But the source of the devils was said to be the Music Devouring Devil, and we beat it. So no more devils should appear, right...?
Sayo: To begin with, we are still not certain why devils were born into our world. Would it really be that strange if they suddenly began to appear again?
Toko: Sure, okay, but I'm done with all this walking around every day! It's boring, and I get so tired!
Toko: I'd rather be having exciting battles taking out devils. That was way more fun. Right, Ran~?!
Ran: Speak for yourself, okay? That's not how I feel, anyway.
Toko: Hold on now, that's definitely not true. Everybody knows you're no goody two-shoes. You're such a bad, bad girl!
Ran: You trying to pick a fight? Fine, let's dan-
Sayo: You two, behave yourselves.
Ran & Toko: ...
Sayo: In any case, stay alert. If you see anything unusual, report it immediately. Understood?
Toko: You're skipping out on patrolling again~?! How's that fair? Maybe I'll try to get myself promoted.
Sayo: I have business that I must attend to. Rui, I am stepping out for a while. I will leave the rest to you.
Rui: Understood.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Something just isn't right about this~! Every freaking single day, all we do is go out on patrol.
Ran: Are you still complaining? You should just accept it.
Rimi: But, honestly, it is tiring to do the same thing over and over again...
Toko: That's right~. If we're gonna do this, then we shou- Hrm? ... Over there, isn't that...
Toko: No way~! Sayo-san is over there, skipping out on working! Hey~, Sayo-san~!
Rui: There she goes, acting impulsively again... Toko, come back here. Sayo-san is not in the area today.
Toko: But right over there, I saw- Huh~? She's gone.
Rimi: There are a lot of people out today. Maybe it was just someone who looked like her.
Rui: That is most likely the case.
Toko: But that was definitely Sayo-san! Even from a distance, seeing her sent shivers down my spine.
Ran: ... That does sound like Sayo-san.
Rui: I will report that once we return to headquarters.
Ran: Wait, Toko set me up to say that...!
Toko: Hey, hasn't Sayo-san been acting kinda weird ever since we beat the Music Devouring Devil?
Rimi: She certainly has been busy every day. Maybe there's a reason why.
Rui: Now that you mention it... she did seem to be thinking of something while we were working the other day too.
Toko: Maybe she found a new kind of devil that we don't know about!
Rimi: What? I hope not~...
Ran: No, it's possible.
Ran: Sayo-san said it earlier, we don't know why devils are born. And we don't know what could trigger them to start attacking again.
Rimi: That could be why she warned us not to be careless so many times.
Toko: Wait, does that mean we'll get to fight some devils again?!
Toko: I'm getting excited~! My whole body's starting to tingle!
Ran: It's not like that's a good thing... Hrm?
Rimi: Ah, it's a message from Sayo-san!
Rui: Emergency meeting. Cease patrolling at once and proceed to the following location,... is what she wrote.
Toko: It's finally time~! Goodbye patrolling! Welcome devils!
(Black cut)


<Devil Hunters' Party Pt. 2>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Sayo: Well, please eat as much as you like.
Rimi: R-r-really...? But... there is so much high-quality meat~!
Rimi: Pieces of top-grade wagyu beef are stacked all the way to the end of the table~! Oh my goodness, oh my goodness! I'm so happy~!
Rimi: Is it really okay for us to eat all of this?!
Sayo: Of course, it is.
Toko: ... Hold on one minute, what's the deal?
Sayo: As you can see, we are having a BBQ party.
Ran: ... Don't tell me that the reason you were acting strange lately was for this...
Rui: This is the first time something like this has happened since I joined the GDS. I have been completely taken by surprise.
Sayo: A few days ago, you all defeated devils downtown, didn't you? The butcher's daughter helped me select this meat to thank you for your services.
Toko: That's it~? I thought we were gonna get to fight some devils again.
Ran: ... Hey, Rimi's already started cooking some meat.
Rimi: I love the sound of meat sizzling... Even the way high-quality meat sounds when it's cooking is different~...
Sayo: The rest of you do not want any? I arranged for more than enough meat for five people.
Rui: The marbling of the meat is exceptional. I kindly accept your offer.
Ran: Me too. What should I cook first...
Toko: Ah, this piece is ready! I'll take this~.
Toko: Mmm~, it's so good~! Whoa, this meat is crazy good! It just melted in my mouth!
Rimi: ... Toko-san, what did you eat just now...?
Toko: Huh? Oh, my bad, my bad. I'll cook the next piece...
Rimi: That was the first piece of meat that I cooked with love and care from the bottom of my heart... Isn't it said that those who don't cook the meat, don't eat the meat?
Rimi: Those who dare take another person's meat must be prepared to fight for it!
Ran: ... Rimi's eyes look dead serious...
Toko: Whoa! Now things are getting interesting! If it's a fight you want, it's a fight you'll get!
Toko: Ladies, prepare yourselves~. If you're not careful, I'll take all your meat from you!
Rui: You cannot even eat like a normal person?
Ran: Those two are really going at it... Pieces of meat are flying on and off the hot plate...
Sayo: Ran, please do not be modest. If you act too slowly, you will end up not being able to enjoy a single piece of meat.
Ran: I'm not holding back or anything. I've got a piece cooking right here.
Ran: ... Huh? What happened to the piece of meat I was cooking here?
Ran: Toko... did you... eat it?
Toko: Yep.
Ran: Unbelievable! This is my area, isn't it?!
Toko: The hot plate is an open playing field! It's got no borders! I'm gonna swipe this piece next.
Rimi: Ahhh~! I put extra special care into cooking that meat!
Rimi: Toko-san... please step outside.
Sayo: Do not get so worked up, you three. There is still more meat than we can eat.
(Black cut)
Toko: Phew~, what a meal~.
Ran: I wonder how long it's been since I've eaten like this...
Rimi: Ohh... It was so incredibly yummy... I will never forget the taste of the fat on grade-A meat...!
Ran: Aren't you being a little over-dramatic...?
Rui: Sayo-san, thank you very much for today. The meal was absolutely delicious.
Sayo: No, I am glad to have arranged everything.
Rui: Even still... all of the meat was completely eaten.
Sayo: I know. I would like to think it is because everyone enjoyed it so much...
Toko: Boy~, I never thought Rimi would get all riled up over eating BBQ~.
Ran: If you hadn't been stealing everybody's meat, we would've been able to relax and enjoy our meal.
Rimi: That's right. It's proper etiquette to slowly savor high-quality meat. But we couldn't, thanks to you, Toko...
Sayo: Fufu... It's as if these girls...
Sayo: Are meat devouring devils.
(Black cut)
