1806_Sayo Hikawa_R5 Raindrops and the Sun

Gacha phrase: I've always hated the rain.

<Recollections: Sunshower Pt. 1>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: "Cumulonimbus clouds rose from the edge of the cobalt blue sky."
Sayo: "Like misshapen cotton candy, they swelled and expanded."
Sayo: "The thought of this town being swallowed whole one day scared me a little."
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Certain Town]

Sayo: ... Oh. This is...!
Sayo: Hazawa-san, look... There's the railroad crossing.
Tsugumi: ... Wow...! It's just as I imagined...!
Sayo: "Two red-rusted tracks cut across the open urban area."...
Sayo: That was how it was described in the novel.
Tsugumi: Yes! The protagonist and their little sister faced one another with the railroad crossing between them...
Tsugumi: While they argued loudly, a train came by. That frustration really left a mark on me.
Tsugumi: You want to do it right, but real life doesn't go as smoothly as planned. I could relate... and it made me sad.
Sayo: ... Yes.
Tsugumi: I'm really glad we managed to come here. Sorry for making you drive us here, Sayo-san...
Sayo: Not at all. I was also curious about the place that served as the setting.
Sayo: Besides, there is a significant advantage to using a car as our form of transport.
Tsugumi: An advantage...?
Sayo: Yes. Compared to when we explored the setting of "A Dream Gentler Than White Flowers," we managed to plan a more adaptable route.
Sayo: We can go to places far from the station. Also, it is more flexible than walking.
Sayo: By the way, after what happened previously, this time I already checked which of the places we plan to go to would be open.
Tsugumi: Oh, I see...! I'm sorry for making you do everything.
Sayo: Hazawa-san, you are always apologizing.
Tsugumi: Oh, I'm sorr- Fufu. I said it again.
Sayo: Fufu...
Sayo: Doing such preparations does not trouble me. That is how much I have been looking forward to today.
Sayo: So please do not worry too much.
Tsugumi: ... Okay! Let's have a lot of fun!
Sayo: ...? Who is it...?
Sayo: ...
Sayo: For goodness' sake.
Tsugumi: ...? Is something wrong?
Sayo: No... I received a message from Hina.
Tsugumi: Oh, Hina-senpai! It's unfortunate she couldn't join us because of work...
Sayo: Yes. She was sulking yesterday too.
Sayo: Saying it was unfair only I was going and that she wanted to join us too...
Tsugumi: Ahaha...
Sayo: Perhaps because of that, she bombarded me with requests such as "Don't forget gifts," or "Send lots of pictures."
Tsugumi: Then let's take one right now!
Sayo: Yes, we should. We found the railroad crossing, after all.
Tsugumi: The other day, Himari-chan told me about an app that helps you take good pictures with your phone.
Tsugumi: I'll pull it up now... Umm, the camera should be this high... and the angle... Okay.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san, I'm ready!
Sayo: ... Alright. Please go ahead.
(White cut)

[After Some Time]

Sayo: ... Oh. We finally returned to the railroad crossing. That means...
Tsugumi: We went to all the spots in this area!
Sayo: Yes, exactly. Let's return to the car, the-
Sayo & Tsugumi: ...?!
Tsugumi: S-Sayo-san. Was that...?
Sayo: ... Speaking of which, the sky has gotten slightly dark...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Recollections: Sunshower Pt. 2>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: "The rain poured down heavily as if it were throwing a tantrum."
Sayo: "The weight on my chest and the words that tasted bitter on my tongue."
Sayo: "If only the rain could melt and wash them away."
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Back Alley]

Tsugumi: It's sunny over there, though...!
Sayo: Perhaps it's... a sun shower. I hope it stops raining soon...
Tsugumi: We're fine for now, but... if it keeps raining like this, going back to the car will be difficult.
Sayo: Indeed... I do not see any stores that might sell umbrellas...
Sayo: I'm sorry. And I tried to prepare as thoroughly as possible, too.
Tsugumi: No, don't apologize! It's the weather, after all. There's not much we can do.
Tsugumi: It's only natural for things to go wrong when traveling!
Sayo: ... Hearing you say that is reassuring.
Tsugumi: ... Besides, I'm actually...
Tsugumi: A little bit excited.
Sayo: ...?
Tsugumi: There was a scene like this in the novel, wasn't there?
Sayo: ... Ah, you're right. The scene where the main character and their younger sister reconciled... No?
Sayo: The younger sister chased after the drenched main character in the rain... They had a heart-to-heart and shared the feelings they never told each other...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: (Ah, I see.)
Sayo: (I was wondering why it felt strangely familiar...)
Sayo: (It's just like how we were that day.)
Sayo: "Was the water running down my cheeks tears, or the rain?"
Sayo: "We howled and cried out to the point we couldn't tell anymore."
Tsugumi: It really gets to you, doesn't it? You can tell they both did their best.
Sayo: ... Yes. They must have gathered a lot of courage.
Sayo: It is not easy to face an issue head-on, after all.
Sayo: It's scary and unbearable... Even so, they must've thought they needed to change.
Tsugumi: Yeah... It's one of my favorite scenes.
Sayo: "I've always hated the rain."
Sayo: "It would clearly show the outline of my weak, frail, and scrawny self."
Sayo: But now...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: The rain doesn't seem like it will stop...
Sayo: ... Hazawa-san. Shall we run to the car?
Tsugumi: Huh? But it's still raining... We'll get wet, won't we?
Sayo: Yes... however...
Sayo: It's fine every now and then, don't you think?
Tsugumi: ... Fufu. The main character said a line like that too.
Tsugumi: After they made up, while the two of them ran in the rain...
Sayo: ... Is that so?
Tsugumi: Yes. I remember it vividly.
Tsugumi: They opened up about everything and felt relieved like a huge burden was lifted.
Sayo: ... Fufu. Now that you mention it, you might be right.
Tsugumi: It's like we're in the world of the novel, huh? In that case, running in the rain might be fun.
Sayo: Yes... but please watch your step. It might be slippery.
Sayo: ... Well then, Hazawa-san. Are you ready?
Tsugumi: Yeah... I am! Let's go!
Sayo: Right... On "Now!" then.
Tsugumi: Okay...!
Sayo & Tsugumi: Now!
(White cut)
(Background change)
