1873_Sayo Hikawa_R5 Swinging Balance

Gacha phrase: (I can't get the expression on Minato-san's face that I saw then out of my head...)

<Table Manners Lesson>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Family Restaurant]

Ako: Ako's already hungry~. I can't wait for the hamburger steaks to come~.
Lisa: Yup, yup. We've practiced with all our might, we have to eat a lot!
Rinko: Yes... We all were so engrossed in our practice today... we even forgot to take a break…
Yukina: But it did help us find some issues to work on. Let's focus on that in the next practice.
Sayo: Next, we need to start discussing the concept of the album little by little.
Lisa: That's right. If we can make a proposal, I guess the meeting with Iikura-san will go faster!
Ako: Is the meeting going to be held at a place like the restaurant we were at the other day?
Sayo: Of course not... I'm sure the next meeting will be in a conference room of either company.
Ako: E-he-he, that's true... Ako can't remember the taste of the food the other day at all, so I feel like it was a waste.
Sayo: It certainly was no mood for a dinner.
Lisa: We were quite nervous just because of the location~. It seemed like an expensive restaurant.
Ako: I understand~...! I'm sure that even without the matter of Iikura-san, Ako would already have been anxious because I didn't know the etiquette and such.
Rinko: The purpose of that dinner was to socialize... I guess we didn't have to be that careful…
Sayo: As Shirokane-san says, we didn't need to be so detailed in our dining etiquette.
Sayo: However, there may be more opportunities like that in the future.
Sayo: I thought it would be good to know the etiquette, so I recently started studying it.
Lisa: A-As expected of Sayo...
Sayo: You mustn't be rude to the other party.
Sayo: If you make a bad first impression, it could hinder your future activities.
Ako: Ako also has to study properly...! But it seems difficult to remember all the etiquette for meals…
Sayo: I don't think it will be a problem if you learn it gradually from now on. There aren't that many basic things to learn.
Lisa: Just what is covered under the basics...? Like how to use a knife and fork?
Ako: Ako might be a little worried about that too... Sayo-san, can you teach me just a little bit now?
Sayo: Now?
Ako: Please!
Sayo: It can't be helped... Alright, just for a little bit.
Sayo: In French restaurants, basically, forks and knives are used from the outside. For example: ... If they are lined up like this, please take them from this side.
Sayo: If you drop a knife, fork, or other utensil, call the waiter, and have them pick it up.
Ako: Ughhh, Ako might accidentally pick it up myself…
Lisa: Ha-ha, I know how you feel~.
Ako: By the way, they say there is etiquette for using napkins too, right?
Sayo: Yes, there is. Basically, the right thing for you to do seems to fold it in two and drape it over your lap.
Sayo: And when wiping your mouth or hands, use the inside of the napkin folded in two.
Ako: Inside? Why?
Sayo: To prevent dirt from showing on the surface.
Ako: Wow~, I had no idea!
Lisa: But like just now, if you understand why things are the way they are, it might be easier to remember them.
Yukina: Etiquette has a strong image of “you have to do it this way, but from Sayo's explanation, it sounds like it's a way to have beautiful manners.
Rinko: I think that's a good way of looking at it... I suppose etiquette is originally developed from that kind of thing…
Ako: So you're saying that perfecting your etiquette makes you look cool~... Okay, Ako will study more and more!
Lisa: Good idea! I think I'll learn from Sayo-sensei too~☆
Sayo: Sensei... I've only read one book so far, so I'm not confident enough to teach others.
Ako: You've already read a book since that dinner!? That's amazing...!
Lisa: Sayo is a hardworking person after all~.
Yukina: What other etiquette was in the book?
Sayo: Well, other examples... The etiquette for drinking were impressive.
Sayo: When adding cube sugar to coffee or tea, do not add it directly with tongs, but place it on a spoon first.
Sayo: Also, do not blow on it even if it is hot.
Sayo: And speaking of drinks, the method to drink soup is...
Ako: W-wait a minute, Sayo-san! Ako will write it down!
Sayo: Don't worry. I'll send you a summary of the important parts later.
Sayo: If there's anything you forget, you can always refer back to it.
Yukina: Sayo is really reliable at times like this.
Ako: Um, Sayo-sensei! Ako's going to eat a hamburger steak now, Please see if I can do it properly!
Sayo: Like I said, I'm not on the level of a teacher...
Sayo: But I understand that you are eager to learn about etiquette, Udagawa-san.
Sayo: I'll be strict with you, so please be prepared.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Reason and Emotion>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Walking Home]

Marina: We've finished our shopping and it's about time to go back to CiRCLE. Oh? Over there is…
Sayo: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hello, Sayo-chan. You're carrying a guitar on your back, so are you on your way back from practice?
Sayo: Yes. There was something I was a bit concerned about, so I borrowed the studio at the agency for private practice.
Marina: Fufu, you're still practicing as hard as ever.
Marina: Ah, by the way, Ako-chan came to CiRCLE the other day.
Marina: She said she was going to practice hard alone that day.
Sayo: I see... Maybe she just wanted some time alone to think things over after something a little difficult had happened.
Sayo: I often think about things while playing my guitar alone.
Marina: I can understand that. When I play my instrument alone, I can sometimes sort out my feelings.
Marina: I was reminded of how I felt at the moment by the sounds I made.
Sayo: Yes, that's true. In my case, sometimes Hina notices it before I do…
Sayo: The other day, Hina heard the sound of my guitar and got worried. She came to take a peek in my room.
Marina: Roselia seems to have been through a lot lately.
Marina: I heard a little bit about it from Yukina-chan. She told me about the new person in charge of the group...
Marina: It sounds like you all had a hard time, is everything okay?
Sayo: Yes... Though things have settled down already, I felt once again how difficult it is to choose something.
Sayo: If it's not for Udagawa-san this time, we might have gone down the wrong path without realizing it.
Marina: I see... Ako-chan must have worked hard.
Sayo: Yes... I was really glad that Udagawa-san was in Roselia.
Sayo: ...I always tend to think too logically before I think emotionally.
Sayo: This time, thanks to Udagawa-san expressing her honest feelings, I was able to express my emotions as well.
Sayo: So I am grateful to Udagawa-san.
Marina: I see... but I think that rational side of Sayo-chan is also important to Roselia.
Sayo: Is that so?
Marina: Yeah. A band doesn't get along very well when the same type of people get together.
Sayo: That's for sure...
Sayo: Minato-san, Imai-san, Shirokane-san, Udagawa-san, and myself... Maybe Roselia is successful because it's made up of such diverse types of members.
Sayo: Ah, it's about time to go... I'm sorry for standing around talking for so long.
Marina: No, no. We're glad we got to talk with Sayo-chan too. We'll continue to root for Roselia!
Sayo: Thank you very much. Well then, I'm leaving now.
