1953_Sayo Hikawa_R5 Wrapped in Sunlight

Gacha phrase: I'll tell you about it later, so give me some space.

<Sakura Parties Again And Again>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Residential Area]

Ako: Cherry blossom viewing was super fun~!
Sayo: I've been so busy with Roselia's activities and schoolwork lately, so this was a nice break.
Lisa: Hey, hey, since we're here... why don't we five of us view some more cherry blossoms before going home?
Ako: I'm all for it! It's a cherry blossom viewing after-party!
Sayo: I don't have any plans after this, so I'm fine.
Rinko: I'd love to go too...
Lisa: How about you, Yukina?
Yukina: I agree. It's good to go once in a while, isn't it?
Ako: Yay! Well then, let's go buy some drinks and snacks!
Lisa: Huh~? Ako, you're still able to eat?
Rinko: Ako-chan, you were eating a lot earlier, weren't you...?
Ako: That's right, but~!
Ako: Sayo-san, you want to eat potato chips too, right?
Sayo: W-Well... it's true that it's better to have something to snack on.
Yukina: Well, let's stop by the convenience store first, and then go to the park.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Lisa: Everyone got juice? Then, cheers!
Ako, Rinko, Yukina & Sayo: Cheers! Cheers!
Lisa: Well, which snacks should we eat first~? We ended up buying so many!
Ako: I'll have the chocolate♪.
Ako: Nom! ... hmm~, eating chocolate while watching the cherry blossoms is the best~!
Lisa: I'll have some chocolate too☆.  Here, you go too, Yukina.
Yukina: Yes, I'll have some.
Sayo: I'll start on the chips, then.
Rinko: Fufu... viewing the cherry blossoms while relaxing like this... is so calming...
Yukina: The breeze is nice and calm too.
Lisa: It was lively just a while ago, but it's also nice to see the cherry blossoms in a relaxed atmosphere like this.
Lisa: By the way, did you all talk to those girls?
Sayo: What do you mean by “those girls”?
Lisa: I mean, the girls from MyGO!!!!!.
Sayo: I talked with Takamatsu-san, the vocalist. Hina was happy to hear that she belonged to the astronomy club at Haneoka.
Lisa: Oh--! I see!
Sayo: She was only too happy to hear that the astronomy club had a new member, and she kept talking about the club's activities.
Sayo: It was nice to talk with Takamatsu-san from MyGO!!!!!, and it was also nice to talk to everyone at Haneoka and Hanasakigawa for the first time in a while.
Ako: That's right, you all haven't met the current students in a while!
Rinko: I also... heard about the student council from Ichigaya-san, and... I was relieved that everyone seemed to be having fun...
Rinko: Somehow.. while we were talking, I felt like I was back in those days...
Lisa: I can understand~! It really felt like I was back in Haneoka for a while...
Lisa: ...Ugh.
Yukina: Lisa?
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry, sorry! When I was kind of talking about this, I remembered how I felt at graduation. I got all teary-eyed.
Sayo: ... I know how you feel, Imai-san.
Sayo: The cherry blossoms looked so nice against the beautiful blue sky. It was really a beautiful day.
Sayo: It was as if they were celebrating our departure...
Sayo: I still remember that day when I see the cherry blossoms. For me, it's an unforgettable precious day.
Lisa: Hey, stop it, Sayo~! If you say it with such deep emotion, you'd really make me cry~!
Sayo: Fufu, I'm sorry.
Sayo: But there are some things that don't change even after graduation and the passage of time... I was convinced of this by having a sakura party with our members today.
Sayo: I want to cherish the time... we spend together even outside of music.
Lisa, Ako & Rinko: ...!
Yukina: Fufu, it seems we all feel the same way.
Ako: Yes, yes! Well then, why don't we all have another sakura party again next week!?
Sayo: What... next week, too?
Ako: Yes! Everyone, why don't we all bring a lunch box and exchange side dishes? It would definitely be fun!
Lisa: It sure sounds like fun, but having another one next week is too much~!


<Even If We Leave The Nest>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Is this everything we need? Let's go back to CiRCLE then.
Marina: Huh? Over there in the pick corner... Hey, Sayo-chan!
Sayo: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hello. Have you been looking at picks?
Sayo: Yes, I have. I've been using up my picks very quickly lately... I was just wondering if I should buy some earlier.
Marina: You practice a lot, as expected of Sayo-chan.
Marina: Ah, that pick is cute. It's in the shape of a cherry petal.
Sayo: Yes. I thought it was beautiful, almost like a real petal...
Sayo: Using a design like this, I think it will make me feel a little better.
Marina: Fufu, it's spring now.
Marina: Speaking of cherry blossoms... how was the sakura party the other day?
Sayo: We had a lot of people and I had a very lively time. Thank you very much, Marina-san.
Marina: You're welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Marina: There were a lot of girls from different bands. Did you get to talk to them a lot?
Sayo: Yes, I did. I haven't had much chance to talk with the current students since I graduated from high school, so I felt nostalgic.
Marina: That's right. Sayo-chan, you're busy with your band activities and college life, aren't you?
Marina: I'm glad it was a good opportunity to talk with everyone. There were different kinds of girls getting together.
Sayo: Yes, I also had a chance to talk with the members of MyGO!!!!! ...
Sayo: Takamatsu-san is also a junior member of the club where Hina used to belong to. She got excited and talked to her a lot.
Marina: Fufu, I can kind of picture that scene. Did you talk with anyone else?
Sayo: Well... I talked with Hazawa-san about the student council.
Sayo: I was impressed by her enthusiasm to do something for the students as the student council president.
Marina: I see. I'm glad to hear that the younger students are doing their best.
Sayo: Yes. When I left Hanasakigawa, I felt sad...
Sayo: But when I heard that everyone was doing well in school, I felt kind of relieved.
Marina: You are a kind senior, since you worry about your juniors even after graduation.
Sayo: Well, is that so...? But I think that's because I was blessed with good juniors.
Sayo: Oh,... I'm sorry, I got carried away, didn't I?
Marina: No, no, thank you for talking to me. So, have you decided on a pick?
Sayo: ... I'll give it some more thought.
