2076_Sayo Hikawa_R4 Endless Worries

Gacha phrase: Worrying too much isn’t good for your health.

<It’s Hard to Just Wait>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Restaurant]

Lisa: ...Maybe we really should go after them!
Rinko: P-Please calm down, Imai-san...
Lisa: I can’t calm down! Aren’t you two worried about Yukina and Ako!?
Sayo: Of course we are. But panicking won’t help anything.
Sayo: And if we go looking without being able to contact them, we could just miss each other entirely.
Lisa: I... guess that’s true, but still...
Rinko: I understand how you feel, Imai-san... but for now, let’s trust them and wait, okay...?
Lisa: ...
Sayo: Besides, Minato-san and Udagawa-san are probably facing any trouble together.
Sayo: Don’t you think those two can handle it?
Lisa: Yeah... You’re right. Sorry, Sayo, Rinko. I lost it for a second.
Lisa: I’m gonna cool my head a bit. I’ll be right back—I’m going to the restroom.
Rinko: Do you think Imai-san is okay...?
Sayo: She’s been worried about those two nonstop... I’m sure she’s just exhausted.
Rinko: There’s nothing we can do about Yukina-san and Ako right now...
Rinko: But maybe we can do something to help Imai-san instead...?
Sayo: Yes... I’d really like that...
Sayo: Now that I think about it, she’s been looking out for us a lot too, hasn’t she?
Rinko: That’s true... Offering us jackets... or asking if we wanted drinks...
Sayo: Maybe she’s just trying to channel all that restless energy somewhere.
Rinko: Restless feelings... If we could be the ones to help her ease those...
Sayo: Then maybe she’d feel a little better too.
Sayo: Shirokane-san. Let’s work together on this, okay?
Rinko: Yes... I’ll do my best...!
(Black cut)
Lisa: I’m back. Sorry for making you worry—
Sayo: Welcome back. Oh... my drink’s all gone.
Rinko: M-Mine’s empty too...
Lisa: Then I’ll go grab some refills.
Sayo: Are you sure? You just got back. Sorry.
Lisa: It’s fine, I needed to go anyway.
Sayo: Imai-san really is dependable.
Rinko: Y-Yes... She’s been a big help...
Lisa: Ahaha, you’re exaggerating~ You two want the same thing as before?
Sayo: Yes, please.
Rinko: (Hikawa-san, was that okay...?)
Sayo: (It was perfect. Let’s keep it up.)
(Black cut)
Lisa: Sweet stuff really does calm you down. You were right—getting dessert was a good idea.
Rinko: Th-That’s good to hear...
Sayo: (Shirokane-san, now’s your moment!)
Rinko: (O-Okay...!)
Rinko: U-Um... Imai-san...? Can I have a bite of your dessert...?
Lisa: Huh?
Rinko: You looked like you were really enjoying it, and... I got jealous...
Sayo: (Shirokane-san, wasn’t that a bit bold!?)
Rinko: (I-I was channeling Ako-chan, and kind of got carried away...)
Lisa: Fufu, it’s rare to see you act all sweet like that, Rinko~.
Lisa: Well then... Here you go, say ah~.
Rinko: Thank you... Mmm... It’s delicious...
Sayo: (Oh, Imai-san looks happy. In that case, I’ll...)
Sayo: Eh... ahem...
Sayo: It’s not fair if only Shirokane-san gets some. I’d like a bite too, please.
Lisa: Pfft... Ahaha! That was way too forced~.
Sayo: Eh...?
Lisa: I was already a little suspicious at the drink bar earlier. You two were trying to distract me, weren’t you?
Sayo: So you noticed...
Rinko: S-Sorry... We just wanted to help in some way...
Lisa: Sayo, Rinko, thank you. That means so much to me!
Lisa: I’m really okay now! I won’t make you two worry anymore—I’ll just believe in Yukina and the others and wait.
Rinko & Sayo: Imai-san...!
Lisa: ...So, Sayo—
Sayo: Yes?
Lisa: Here, have a bite of my parfait too♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<No More Trouble>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

[Café]

Sayo: .........
Marina: Hm? Is that... Sayo-chan over there?
Sayo: ...Ah, Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello. Sorry, am I interrupting something?
Sayo: Not at all. I was just about to take a break, so it’s no problem.
Marina: Glad to hear it. By the way, Ako-chan mentioned it—you all shot an MV out of town, right?
Sayo: Yes, it was a truly valuable experience.
Sayo: But... if you heard it from Udagawa-san, then I assume you also heard about what happened on the way back?
Marina: I did hear about Yukina-chan and Ako-chan getting separated. That sounded rough.
Sayo: I thought so... Yes, it was quite a nerve-wracking ordeal.
Sayo: Even though we had ways to contact them, we were in an unfamiliar place. You never know what could happen.
Sayo: And on our end, Imai-san was completely panicked... That became another concern.
Marina: Yeah, I can definitely see Lisa-chan worrying a lot.
Sayo: At the time, I did my best to help calm Imai-san down...
Sayo: But thinking about how I’d feel if I got separated from Hina in the same way—I do understand where she was coming from.
Sayo: Still, there wasn’t much we could actually do in that moment. There wasn’t much I could offer her.
Marina: Sounds like you all had your hands full too. But in the end, you were able to meet up safely, right?
Sayo: Yes. We were worried, but I felt both of them showed a lot of resilience.
Sayo: Minato-san may have her occasional airheaded moments, and Udagawa-san tends to get carried away...
Sayo: But hearing how they supported each other through the situation made me realize, they might make a surprisingly good team.
Marina: When you put it that way, maybe it was actually a good thing. ...Well, I still think it's best if accidents like that don’t happen too often.
Sayo: Indeed. This happened after we wrapped filming, but once our workload increases, I expect our schedules will tighten as well.
Sayo: To prevent similar incidents in the future, we’ll need to establish better procedures.
Marina: Thinking that far ahead—so like you, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: By preparing for such possibilities, we can better focus on our work. Now then, I should get back to my assignments.
Marina: Thanks for sharing the story. Good luck with your work!
