event101-07 Ending: Luck in the Wind

They've finished tidying up the kaguraden and have met up with Arisa. The girls begin to talk about first dreams of the year that have come true, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Arisa: It's finally over~!
Ako: Good work, Arisa! You really got the crowd hyped up!
Ran: I didn't expect a confetti storm like that one. But hey, it looks like your dream came true.
Arisa: Ngh... Not sure how I feel about that being my dream...
Sayo: Moreover, the pavilion has already returned to its usual calm state despite the energetic performance from earlier.
Kanon: The clean up was quick thanks to the audience pitching in to help, but it feels kind of sad now, like waking up from a dream.
Ran: Hm, I guess I can understand that. Anyway, let's be thankful it went off without any trouble.
Kanon: Yeah, this is a super eventful day.
Ako: Not just today, Kanon. Every day this year is going to be full of fun!
Ako: After all, all of our New Year's dreams came true!
Kanon: Hey, you're right! Even Ran-chan's windy one ended up happening!
Ran: Well, mine was just about the wind blowing, so I'm not sure if we can count that as a dream coming true.
Ran: But still... that breeze felt great... just as relaxing as anything from a dream.
Arisa: Ah, I think I know what you're talking about. The way that the confetti danced around in the breeze and all that.
Kanon: We saw it too! It was such a pretty sight~.
Sayo: I've heard that wind blowing through a shrine brings good luck. A memorable wind does especially so.
Ako: You don't say... Hey, do you think maybe the spirits are saying I did a good job?
Arisa: Haha, I wouldn't be surprised.
Ran: Was that something that happened in your dream?
Ako: I... don't remember anything like that, no...
Kanon: I see...
Arisa: Or maybe you just didn't notice it. Ako-chan. Give that interpretation another read.
Ako: Okay... Here goes. "Words of praise echo from beyond, and the reverberation of celestial thunder signals the beginning of a grand celebration..."
Ran: Hm...? Wait, couldn't those "words of praise" mean the audience cheering for you?
Sayo: Therefore, the 'celestial thunder signaling the beginning of a grand celebration' could mean...
Arisa: It must be the taiko performance!
Ran: Hey, your dream really did come true, Ako.
Ako: Huh...? I-it did? I'm going to have a good year too...?
Kanon: Uh-huh! Of course you are!
Ako: Yay, awesome~!
Ako: Ah, but that means that my dream wasn't about Future World Fes...
Ako: And I thought it was a message from beyond saying the concert would go off without a hitch~.
Sayo: There is no need to feel disappointed, Udagawa-san. Future World Fes cannot be fulfilled by dreams alone.
Sayo: Instead of relying on dreams and wishes, we should strive to succeed on our own accord. Wouldn't you agree?
Ako: Sayo-san... Yeah, you're right! I'll try even harder than before! And trust in Roselia...!
Tomoe: Hey~! You guys~! Sorry for the wait!
Arisa: Oh, looks like Kasumi and the others are all done.
Kasumi: Thanks, everyone~! You helped make this one super-duper exciting show!
Kokoro: I had an amazing time as well! Thanks to all of the wonderful smiles from the audience!
Sayo: Good job, everyone. Your performance was excellent.
Ran: Yeah, I guess it wasn't bad.
Misaki: Phew, I was so nervous. But at the same time, it felt kind of good... I suppose.
Kanon: Fufu, it was cool how well you kept up with each other!
Tomoe: Ako, what did you think of your big sister's show?
Ako: Oh man, it was so, so, so cool! You're the best taiko player in the whole wide world!
Tomoe: Hehehe. Thanks, Ako!
Tomoe: Hey, guys. Who's up for a little celebration party at our place? We can chow down on snacks and play some seasonal board games.
Kasumi: Yes, yes! Count me in~!
Kanon: Sure, that sounds fun! Playing board games feels like a nice way to ring in the new year.
Ran: But will there be enough room for everyone?
Ako: No sweat! Besides, it's New Year's! Let's party all day long!
Ako: Hitting things off by hanging out with everyone...
Ako: I just know this is going to be another great year!
