event101-06 Chapter 5: Rising Confetti

The group stands before the decorated kaguraden with satisfied expressions...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Tomoe: Oh! Now this looks fancy!
Sayo: We squeezed in as many of the so-called good-luck charms as possible.
Kanon: Fufu, I'd say so. Thanks to all the kind people who helped us out.
Ako: For sure! And man, this sign really brings it home!
Ako: Look, Sis! Check out what Ran-chan wrote! It's way cool!
Tomoe: I thought that looked like her work. "New Year's Taiko Show." Yeah, that is crazy awesome!
Tomoe: Right on, Ran. I'm really feeling it.
Ran: Don't let us down. Ako has been out here working extra hard. Putting up decorations, asking the monkey to come perform...
Ako: R-Ran-chan, it's not a big deal. You know, nothing special~...
Tomoe: Ako, you've been running around putting all this together? I heard what Ran said. We can't thank you enough!
Ako: Sis... Of course I have! This is your first taiko show of the new year, after all!
Tomoe: You know it! And you guys have got me super pumped up! Now, watch Sis and her crew tear this pavilion up!
(Black cut)

[Taiko Performance - Opening]

Ran: Looks good from here.
Ako: Yep! You can do it, Sis!
Tomoe: Soi-ya!
Kokoro, Kasumi & Misaki: Soi-ya!
Kanon: Wow...! They're in perfect sync!
Sayo: I was able to observe their rehearsal, and I recall them going so far as to practice the height at which they lifted their arms.
Ran: Whoa, so that's how they're able to nail the timing.
Ako: Look, look! The monkey is matching them beat for beat!
Kanon: You're right! It's dancing to the beat of the drums! Fufu, so cute.
Ran: You did well, Ako.
Ako: Yeah! Sis and the others are having a blast, and the audience is loving it! I'm so glad we could help, Ran-chan!
Sayo: Um, does anyone know where Ichigaya-san has gone?
Ran: Ah, I totally forgot.
Kanon: Didn't she go off somewhere with Kasumi-chan?
Ako: But Kasumi is up there playing right now... Do you think she's watching the show somewhere else?
Ran: Okay, but where...?
???: Thank you very much for coming out today~!
Ako, Ran, Sayo & Kanon: Huh...?
Ako: That voice...
Arisa: (Oh man, everyone is staring at me! Uhhh, what to say~...? Argh~! Whatever, just roll with it!)
Arisa: We are hoping that this will be a wonderful new year for each and every one of you!
Arisa: And now, put your hands together! It's time for the grand finale~!
Ran: Um... This might be a weird time to bring this up, but going back to Arisa's dream...
Kanon: Yeah, something about music being played... and petals floating through the air...
Ako: That's probably what we're seeing now...
Ako: Her dream came true, but it didn't end up being a concert~.
Sayo: Even still, it is quite the energetic occasion. Ichigaya-san's enthusiasm is helping to further elevate the performance.
Tomoe: Alright! Last one, guys~!
Tomoe, Kasumi, Kokoro & Misaki: Soi-ya!
Arisa: Thank you very much~!
Ako: That was amazing! Perfect to the very end!
Ran: Yeah, all that practice really paid off.
(White cut)
Ako: Wow! Look, look! The wind is making the confetti dance around!
Kanon: How about that! It's really pretty too~.
Sayo: Fufufu. This is what one might call a gorgeous spectacle perfectly fitting for New Year's.
Ran: Ah... Hey, could this be...?
Ako: Hm? What is it, Ran-chan?
Ran: That breeze just now... kinda felt like the one from my dream...
Ako: Ah! Hey, yeah! Yours was like that, come to think of it! Where you felt the wind blowing!
Ako: So what, doesn't this mean your dream came true too?! No, it definitely did!
Ran: Fufufu. I don't know about that, but... hey, it's not bad.
