event101-04 Chapter 3: Led by Dreams

They arrive at the mochi-making area. Each of them receives the mochi they want. However...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Entrance]

Sayo: Oh, they appear to be making mochi over there.
Ran: I hear that people from all over the region come to do it every year.
Ako: We should go get some for ourselves!
Kanon: Yeah, that does sound nice.
Arisa: Let's see, they've got sweet bean, seaweed-wrapped, soybean powder, and radish with soy sauce. That's a lot to choose from.
Ako: Excuse me~! One of each, please!
Arisa: Huh? You still have room after all that yakisoba and takoyaki from earlier?
Ako: I only had half of each, so I'm good to go~! Besides, sweet bean and soybean powder makes it more like dessert!
Arisa: Mochi is pretty heavy stuff, you know... Alright, I'll have one with sweet beans and one with radish and soy sauce.
Kanon: Fue... Th-they really stacked my plate high~.
Ran: Matsubara-san, that whole "a skinny lady like yourself should eat more" they were saying? That might have something to do with it.
Kanon: How many did they give me, anyway~? I'm not sure if I can handle all this~.
Sayo: U-ummm... I appear to be in the same predicament...
Ran: Whoa, it's like a mochi mountain...
Kanon: Sayo-chan, I think you have enough to feed a whole family...
Sayo: Indeed. I appreciate the generosity, but this is simply too much for one person.
Sayo: However, I would not feel comfortable allowing a good-luck charm to go to waste...
Ako: Ah, Sayo-san! Do you think the taiko players could pack away that much food?
Ran: Yeah, they've probably worked up an appetite, especially after coming in so early.
Sayo: You're right. Very well, I will go and offer...
Kasumi: Ah, bingo! So this is where you guys were~! We've been looking for you!
Arisa: Oh, right on cue...! Kasumi, what are you doing here?
Kasumi: I came to run a little errand for the others, and... Wow, you've got mochi~!
Sayo: Ah, yes. I was actually on my way to offer some. Would you and the rest of the taiko players care to partake?
Kasumi: You mean it?! We were just talking about how hungry we all were~. Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Tomoe: So good~! Sayo-san, this mochi rules!
Misaki: No kidding, it's really soft and tasty. Thanks for going out of your way for our sakes.
Kokoro: I'm packed full of yummy mochi, both body and soul! Thanks, Sayo!
Sayo: Fufu, I am glad to have been of service.
Ako: Hmmm~... Say, I feel like I've heard of this happening somewhere before... You know, everyone being happy...
Kanon: Ah! I know, Ako-chan. This is like what happened in Sayo-chan's dream, right?
Ako: Oh, you're right! Yeah, she said there was a bunch of happy people waiting after she climbed up that mountain!
Ako: Hey, Sayo-san. I know I said your dream was about Future World Fes, but maybe it actually came true just now.
Sayo: Huh? My first dream of the year...? You do have a point... The atmosphere does seem to match our current situation...
Arisa: First, it was Kanon-senpai's dream, and now, Sayo-senpai's is coming true too... No, it can't be...
Ran: By the way, Kasumi... What was that errand you needed to run, anyway?
Kasumi: Ah, I almost forgot! Um, we'd like for you guys to come help out with decorating the pavilion!
Kanon: Are you decorating the place where the drummers will play?
Misaki: That's right. Kokoro was the one who suggested it, and the shrine owner gave us the okay, so...
Tomoe: Haha... The owner is totally young at heart~.
Kokoro: It is New Year's, after all! We should make it an exciting celebration!
Arisa: I get it now. That makes sense.
Ako: Nice! Sounds fun to me! I'll give it my all!
Kanon: Yeah! I would love to help out.
Ran: I... don't really see anything we can decorate with.
Sayo: Which means that we will need to locate the necessary items. That will take time, so we should limit our search to the shrine grounds.
Kasumi: Yay! Thanks, everyone!
Tomoe: Sorry for cutting in on your fun time! We're counting on you!
Arisa: I guess we'll need a battle plan. Alright, I'll hit up the office area, and-
Kasumi: Oh, hold up. Arisa, you're with me!
Arisa: What? Where are you taking me this time?
Kasumi: Just hurry up and come~. I've got a job that only you can do~!
Arisa: Ugh, this is another one of your silly ideas, isn't it? Sorry, everyone. I'll be back later.
Kanon: Okay, have fun~... What do you think they need Arisa-chan for?
Ran: Who knows. Anyway, the four of us should split up and see what kind of decorations we can find.
Sayo: Yes, agreed.
Ako: Alright~! Let's do this, you guys~!
