event101-01 Opening: A Promising Start to the Year

It's early one morning at the start of a new year, and Ako and Ran are helping Tomoe at a shrine.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Ako: Sis, I'm putting your sticks over here, okay~?
Tomoe: Sure! Thanks, Ako!
Ran: I know I said I'd help out, but I didn't think it would be so early in the morning...
Tomoe: Sorry for cutting into your New Year's, Ran. I swear I'll make it up to you!
Ako: Whoa~! So this is where you'll play the taiko, Sis? It's going to be packed with people coming to make their wishes!
Ran: Did all that intense end-of-year training pay off?
Tomoe: Yeah. Those three made serious progress in no time flat. You guys are gonna be blown away.
Ran: Kasumi, Kokoro, and Okusawa-san, right?
Ako: Uh-huh, the same people who played the taiko at that festival a while back.
Tomoe: Putting that aside, now that we're done carrying this stuff, you guys can chill out until the show starts.
Ako: Okay~! But hey, let me know if you need any help! I'm ready for anything!
Tomoe: Haha. Thanks, Ako. I'll keep that in mind.
Sayo: Happy New Year, everyone.
Tomoe: Sayo-san...! Oh, and Arisa and Kanon-san?
Kanon: Happy New Year. The big day is finally here.
Arisa: Urgh, it's freezing~... I wonder why it always feels colder at the shrine...
Ako: What are you guys doing here so early? The taiko show isn't until later, you know.
Arisa: Well, I figured that Kasumi might be up to no good...
Kanon: Yeah, I was worried about how Misaki-chan and Kokoro-chan were doing.
Kokoro: Oh, it's Kanon! And everyone else is here too!
Misaki: Kanon-san, thank you very much for coming so early.
Kokoro: I have an idea! Since you came all this way, we should put on a special performance just for you!
Misaki: Hang on, I think we should save all the fun for later.
Kanon: Hahaha... Just let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
Ran: Be careful with what you say. Who knows what Kokoro might ask you to do.
Arisa: Haha... Oh man, do I know that feeling.
Sayo: It would seem that all of the preparations are already in order. Perhaps we should have come earlier.
Tomoe: Hahaha. We've got it covered, Sayo-san. Thank you very much. I'm just glad you stopped by.
Kasumi: Arisaaa~! Awww, you came~!
Arisa: Agh! Kasumi, get off me!
Kasumi: But I'm just so glad you're here~! I hope you're looking forward to the show!
Arisa: Yeah, yeah. Whatever you say. Rimi and the others are coming too, so you'd better do a good job.
Kasumi: You bet!
Ran: Speaking of which, Moca and the rest of our crew said they'll be stopping by too. Hello, Happy World! is coming too, right?
Kanon: Yeah, because we've got members playing in the show. We all want to cheer them on.
Tomoe: Whoa, that many are coming?! We'd better not mess up, then!
Kokoro: Don't worry, Tomoe! We practiced a whole, whole bunch! All that's left is to put on a smile and show them what we can do!
Tomoe: Right on! Kokoro, that was just what we needed to hear~!
Ako: Fufu, I wonder how it'll all turn out. This is gonna be so cool~!
Misaki: Hey, Kanon-san... I wouldn't be able to call Michelle in for this one, would I?
Kanon: Huh?! W-we can't do that~. This isn't even a band event...
Misaki: That's what I figured~. It sure is nerve-wracking being out of my fuzzy shell.
Kanon: Fuzzy shell...? Misaki-chan...
Tomoe: Hey, here's a thought. Now that we're done setting up, why not go check out some of the stands?
Arisa: Yeah, there are a lot of them out there.
Ran: Alright, why don't we go after stopping by the shrine?
Ako: Count me in! Let's do that!
Sayo: Tomoe-san, I look forward to your performance later.
Tomoe: We won't let you down! Your time at the shrine is going to be divine!
Ran: Uh, I don't think anyone knows what you're saying...
Ako: Well, good luck, you guys! We're off~!
