event101-02 Chapter 1: Strange First Dreams

Ako and the others are on the road to the shrine, and they begin to talk about making wishes...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Kanon Matsubara, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Path]

Kanon: Look, that stand is selling daruma!
Arisa: Oh, the New Year's decorations are out in full force.
Ako: Wow~! That person's kimono is so pretty~!
Sayo: Many of those at the shrine were wearing long-sleeved kimono, as well.
Ako: Hey, Ran-chan~. What did you wish for at the shrine?
Ran: ... Not telling.
Ako: Awww, I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours~.
Sayo: Udagawa-san, I hear that revealing your wish will result in it not coming true, so it would be best to avoid that subject.
Ako: Whoa, are you for real?! I've been telling mine every year~!
Ako: There's no, no, no way I'm spilling the beans this time!
Arisa: Well, my grandmother told me that saying it out loud is what will help make the wish come true.
Kanon: Yeah, I read in an old book that saying it three times is what does the trick.
Sayo: There appear to be many interpretations of that custom, so you need not be overly concerned.
Ako: Hmmm, I see. Alright, I'll see how I feel and make up my mind when the time comes!
Ran: Sounds good to me. I feel like hard work is what really makes it happen.
Sayo: I agree with that sentiment.
Ako: So, did anyone have their first dream of the year?
Ran: I had one... Wait, it still counts if it's on January 2nd, right?
Kanon: Uh-huh, as far as I can tell. I was always taught that anything from the 1st to the 2nd is fair game.
Ako: Listen to mine, listen to mine! I had a super cool dream!
Kanon: Fufu, so you decided to share, after all.
Arisa: What was yours like, Ako-chan?
Ako: Um, let's see~...
Sayo: You have notes? What is that for?
Ako: I didn't wanna forget what happened in my dream, so I had Rin-rin give it a cool summary.
Ako: Found it! Here! "Words of praise echo from beyond, and the rev... reverb... reverber..."
Sayo: "Reverberation".
Ako: Yeah, that's it! "... the reverberation of celestial thunder signals the beginning of a grand celebration..."!
Ran: What in the...?
Arisa: Hmmm~? Uh, I'm completely lost...
Ako: I've thought about it myself, and I think that celebration might just be Future World Fes!
Ako: So like, our performance at Future World Fes is gonna be a huge hit, I bet!
Sayo: Udagawa-san... Achieving success in one's dreams has no bearing on reality. Please do not underestimate Future World Fes.
Ako: Hehehe, I'm sorry. But it did kind of hype me up. What was your dream like, Sayo-san?
Sayo: My first dream? Well... It was more abstract than anything, but I remember climbing to the top of an enormous mountain, and a large group of people was happily waiting on the other side.
Kanon: Happy about what?
Sayo: Sorry, but I can only recall vague imagery... I wonder what it could all mean.
Ako: Climbing a huge mountain and finding a huge crowd of cheering people! It has got to be about Future World Fes!
Sayo: I do not feel that way, personally, but who knows...?
Arisa: Both of you having dreams related to the event means it's probably in the back of your minds.
Kanon: I had my first dream of the year too. I remember getting some kind of magical fruit, and when I tried sharing it, everyone was happy to get some.
Arisa: Oh, that one sounds like a fairy tale... Kanon-senpai, you've gone full-blown Hello, Happy World! mode from the start of the year.
Kanon: Fufufu, it has such a nice feeling to it, right? What kind of dream did you have, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Mine was pretty alright too. I remember there being music, and the mood was really upbeat!
Arisa: Ah, and a bunch of stuff was floating around, almost like flower petals~. I'm pretty sure mine was also about a concert.
Ran: Dreaming about concerts... I guess the one I had was like that too...
Ako: What was yours about, Ran-chan?
Ran: If you can even call it a dream... I could feel the wind blowing on me. That's it.
Ako: Huh? Only that...?
Ran: Yeah, only that... but it wasn't like any normal wind. It's hard to explain.
Kanon: Some dreams just can't be explained in words. I have them sometimes too~.
Sayo: Dreams can become fragmented, with only some portions being remembered.
Arisa: I guess that old saying of "Mt. Fuji first, hawks second, eggplants third" doesn't actually happen, huh?
Ako: But I think all of our dreams are signs of good things to come! I'm sure we'll have another great year!
Kanon: Fufu, I hope you're right.
Ran: (That wind... What could it have been, anyway?)
Ran: (It was such a strange feeling... A mysterious but pleasant sensation...)
Ako: Ran-chan~. Want to check out the stands over there~?
Ran: Ah, sure. Let's go.
Ran: (Oh well, whatever.)
