event101-05 Chapter 4: Beautiful, Lively, Lucky!

Ako and Ran have come to find kaguraden decorations. They find food-stall decorations.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Shrine - Path]

Ran: Ako, you're in a good mood today.
Ako: Uh-huh! Because Sis is banging in the new year with her taiko! That and being able to help out with Kokoro's awesome plan has got me excited!
Ran: Hmmm. Yeah, I can see that. Ah, look. The stands have a lot of decorations.
Ako: Yeah, they have all kinds set up! Do you think they'll let us borrow some?
Ran: No idea. The whole point of having them is to attract customers, so it might be a tough sell.
Ako: Hmmm. Oh well! Might as well ask~!
Ran: A-Ako! Hold on!
Ako: Excuse me~! I have a favor to ask.
Ako: Um, that right there! Please let us borrow those decorations! Y-you see, we're putting on a taiko show over there, and my Sis...
Ran: Calm down. Let me handle this.
(Black cut)
Ran: Wow, I didn't expect that to go as well as it did.
Ako: Every stand we stopped by said the same things. "Now there's a good idea" or "that will bring good luck for sure~."
Ran: But how exactly are we supposed to decorate with stuff like kagami mochi and daruma...?
Ako: Hmmm... I'm sure it'll all work out!
Ran: I hope so. Matsubara-san and Sayo-san should have gathered their own supplies, so maybe we should head back for now.
Ako: Good thinking! Ah...!
Ako: Hey, Ran-chan. I just had a great idea!
Ran: Great idea...? Hey, wait up, Ako!
Ako: Excuse me~! Miss Monkey Trainer~! I have a favor to ask...!
Ako: Um, you see. There's going to be a taiko show at the pavilion around noon, and I was wondering if you could maybe perform over there at that time.
Ran: Huh?
Ako: Your monkey is a really good dancer, so I think it would be great at getting the audience hyped up!
Monkey Trainer: Say, that does sound interesting. And it would be a good way to try something new. Sure, why not!
Ako: Yay~! Awesome~! Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Pavilion]

Kanon: Wow, we managed to find a lot of stuff~!
Sayo: Striped banners, daruma, and kagami mochi. A job well done, I would say.
Ran: Matsubara-san, where did you borrow the striped banners from?
Kanon: This is what the shrine office pulled out of storage when I asked.
Ran: Nice, it matches the pavilion pretty well.
Ako: Alright! Now let's put these decorations up~!
Kanon: Yeah! We can do it!
Kokoro: Everyone, is this a good spot to place these little pine trees?
Misaki: No, no. Not sure why you put them in the middle of the room... I think they'd go better in the corners, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Hmmm, I see!
Ran: Sayo-san, can you help me put the banners up?
Sayo: Understood. I will hold this end.
Ako: Now where should the kagami mochi go~? Somewhere that won't block the view of the show~... This spot looks good!
Tomoe: Ako~! Where do you want this decoration?
Ako: Ah, Sis! Don't you have to get ready soon? I'll take care of that. Just leave it there~!
Tomoe: You sure? Alright, I'll let you handle it!
Ran: Ako, the banners are done. Try hanging some stuff up there.
Ako: Roger that~! Ah...! Wh-wh-whoa, I'm gonna fall!
Tomoe: Ako!
Ako: D-don't worry, I'm okay~. That was close... Hahaha...
Tomoe: Haha, don't overdo it. We've got plenty of time, so take it slow, okay?
Ako: Hehehe, alright.
(Black cut)
Ran: That went better than expected, wouldn't you say?
Ako: For sure! And this spot can be for the monkey dance, so yeah, that should do it!
Ran: I couldn't believe it when you asked them to come perform, but you know, I feel like you made a good call.
Ako: Hehehe, I know, right~? Here's hoping that the taiko and the monkey both rock the house~.
Ran: Hey, mind if I try adding one more thing to help make that a reality?
Ako: Sure? Like what?
