event73-09 Chapter 8: Dancing Together (Part 1)

Hello, Happy World! is performing at a children's festival downtown! Hagumi makes a suggestion.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kanon: Hello~, kindergarteners~!
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Hello~!
Misaki: ...
Kanon: H-hm? What's wrong, Misaki-chan? Join Kanon-sensei in her greeting. Cheerfully, now.
Kokoro: Yeah! The louder you are, the funner it is!
Hagumi: C'mon, Mii-kun! Letting yourself feel embarrassed will only make you more embarrassed.
Kaoru: Go forth, Misaki. Let yourself be free!
Misaki: Ngh... No, I... Arghhh! No more! We don't have to do this.
Kanon: What's the matter, Misaki-chan? If something's bothering you, you can tell your teacher...
Misaki: Kanon-san... You're really enjoying yourself, aren't you...?
Kanon: Huh? Oh, yes. Actually... being called Kanon-sensei puts me in a good mood... Ehehe.
Misaki: Sigh... We're not here to just play around. We came because we have to talk about our show coming up.
Kokoro: Oh, are we done? I wanted to play kindergarten for a little longer.
Hagumi: We were doing this because of the show, right? We wanted to imagine what it would be like to be those kids.
Kaoru: It is as Shakespeare once said, "It is a wise father that knows his own child." Likely an indication that comprehending the heart and soul of a child is no small feat.
Misaki: That might be true, but that doesn't mean we need to turn into children...
Misaki: Is that okay? Can we get back to the business at hand? We're here today to figure out what we should perform at the Children's Festival being held downtown.
Hagumi: I have such good memories of that festival! I went when I was a kid too! It was so much fun!
Kanon: The nearby kindergartens, nurseries and the people downtown create it together. Everyone in the area takes part.
Kaoru: To think that Hello, Happy World! would be invited to such a grand event. I have reached the limits of joy.
Kokoro: That means our band's work to make everyone smile is reaching the people of the town!
Misaki: Exactly. And we won't just be performing for children. The chaperones and the adults from the area will be there to watch.
Kanon: So we need to do something that will keep the children and the adults entertained.
Kaoru: And that is precisely why we started with a little role-playing. An attempt to comprehend a child's emotions...
Misaki: I already told you, we're done with that. Now, let's come up with some ideas. Anything?
Kokoro: I have one! It has to be a performance that makes everyone smile, of course! From the little kids to the elderly!
Hagumi: I think if everyone gets their body moving, the smiles will come! It'll be like a kids' TV show!
Kaoru: A TV show, you say? Yes, that will allow the chaperones to be entertained as well. Even better would be a showing that helps deepen the bond between parent and child.
Kanon: Also, I'm sure there are many kids nervous about the start of the school year. It'd be nice if we could help them get along better with their new friends...
Misaki: Ah, hold on. I gotta take notes... Okay, we're good.
Kanon: By 'kids' TV show', you mean the ones where there's a woman and a mascot singing and dancing, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! We have Michelle, so it's perfect, isn't it?
Kokoro: Great idea! We could have everyone dance along to Hello, Happy World!'s songs! That would be so much fun!
Kaoru: And we must fill the role of the singing woman... What shall this character be like...? Now, time to act it out.
Misaki: No more role-playing.
Kaoru: Oh, there is no playing here. This is a necessity.
Kaoru: We cannot forgo a dance that the children can follow. One taught by the singing and dancing woman!
Kanon: Right, there is no dance for any of our songs. We'd have to make one.
Hagumi: It should be one where you move a lot!
Kokoro: And one where you have a lot of fun!
Misaki: We need a dance? Sounds pretty hard... I'm pretty sure we can work something out for one song though.
Kokoro: It'll be fine. If we all dance now, I'm sure we'll come up with something good! Misaki, play the music!
Misaki: I guess... Let's try it out. Ready?
Hagumi: Get the music started!
