event73-07 Chapter 6: Shared Passions (Part 1)

Roselia decides to make a set list based around a theme, but what...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: S-sorry I'm late!
Rinko: It's okay... Ako-chan... You cut it close... but you made it...
Ako: I did?! Yay~!
Lisa: Homeroom was a lot longer than it should've been, huh?
Ako: Yeah! Just when I thought it was over, the teacher started this rant! It was bad~.
Ako: Uhhh, we're supposed to have a meeting before we rehearse, right?
Sayo: Does that imply that we have a concert coming up?
Yukina: Yes, that is correct.
Yukina: Marina-san called yesterday. CiRCLE will be hosting an event soon, and they want us to take part.
Rinko: Right... I think I remember... her saying something... about an event... with a lot of different bands...
Yukina: She told me that they would be bringing together bands regardless of whether they're pros or amateurs, as long as they like them.
Sayo: I see. They're basically hosting a music festival.
Lisa: A festival, huh? Thinking of it that way gets me kind of excited.
Ako: So there'll be more bands than usual right? That's makes me a bit nervous!
Yukina: There's nothing to be nervous about.
Yukina: It doesn't matter how many bands take part. What we have to do is no different.
Rinko: Stay true... to Roselia... right...?
Yukina: Yes, exactly.
Sayo: Fufu, I knew you would say that, Minato-san.
Ako: Yukina-san... Rin-rin, Sayo-san... You're all so cool!
Lisa: Stay true to Roselia... Yeah, that sounds about right. We play our music and give them a good show. That's the most important thing.
Lisa: Alrighty, now you've got me worked up! Let's get to practicing already... is what I would like to say, but we have to come up with a set list, right?
Sayo: Agreed. However, with the number of bands that will be participating, there will surely be many audience members who have never heard us play before.
Yukina: Two things are necessary. We have to communicate who Roselia is to first-time listeners, and we have to satisfy the current fans.
Ako: So we have to make it easy to understand Roselia, and we have to make the people who know us go "whoaaa"? Hmmm, what kind of songs do we need for that?
Rinko: We must... think hard... about this... Or we'll end up... with something... that fully achieves nothing...
Sayo: Agreed. We have to consider our options carefully.
Lisa: Hmm. Okay, how about we all think of a set list on our own first?
Lisa: If we all come up with one that we think is perfect, then we can come together and figure out what we should play based on that.
Ako: That could work! Lisa-nee, you might just be a genius!
Sayo: Okay, but I think randomly trying to come up with something will only invite confusion.
Sayo: Shouldn't we at least have an idea of the show's structure and a general objective?
Rinko: An objective... You mean... we should... decide on a theme... right?
Yukina: Sayo and Rinko are right.
Yukina: In that case... Okay, let's make "pride" the theme of the set list.
Yukina: That's something we can't afford to lose as Roselia continues forward and aims for the top.
Yukina: I want everyone to think of a set list that will demonstrate that concept.
Lisa: Okay~. Yeah, I think I can work with that!
Rinko: Mhm. I think that's... the perfect theme... for this next show.
Sayo: I agree. Alright, let's come back together in fifteen minutes.
Ako: Okay! Sounds good to me!
Ako: Prepare for a set list that shows everything cool about Roselia like "kaboom" and makes everyone's heart go "ba-doom!"
Lisa: Ahaha, don't think I'll let you show me up~.
Rinko: Fufu...
Yukina: Great. I look forward to seeing what you all come up with.
