event73-10 Ending: Dancing Together (Part 2)

The girls try to come up with choreography for their show. They take notes, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: When it goes "kira kira♪"... That's when we wave our hands like this? What do you think?!
Hagumi: Okay, then "pika pika♪"... That part should be like this!
Kaoru: Shall we try our hand at other songs? A moment when we take to the air at the sound of the word "jump" is what I desire.
Kanon: "Peta peta, pettan"... Maybe we can dance like a penguin for that. Like Pen-chan.
Misaki: Uhhh, you guys. Sorry to rain on your parade... or dance party or whatever, but I have an announcement.
Kokoro: What's wrong, Misaki? ... Ah, I know! It's snack time!
Misaki: No. It's not good news. About our performance at the Children's Festival... It's only twenty minutes long.
Hagumi: Really? That seems kinda short? Okay, what about that?
Kanon: Ah... So we don't have time to do a lot of songs... That's what you're trying to say?
Misaki: Exactly. If we wanted to take up the whole time, we could do four, maybe five songs at most.
Kaoru: Hm... And we shall all take part in a dance. In order to do that, all must have time to practice said dance, regardless of how easy it is to remember.
Kokoro: Yep. There's no point if we're the only ones dancing. The kids have to do it too.
Misaki: In which case... I think only one song can have a dance.
Hagumi: Only one~? Okay, then we'll have to decide on which!
Hagumi: Hmmm, which one should it be~? We definitely want one where they'll have smiles on their face and be excited to move.
Kaoru: Excited and smiling children...? I recall one child at the thought. I wonder how she's doing.
Kokoro: I thought of her too! Akari, right?! The girl who forgot how to smile that we met at the hospital.
Hagumi: She's out of the hospital now, and she's walking! She and I played catch the other day!
Kanon: You did! That's great to hear. And I'm happy we were able to help her get to that point, if we did.
Hagumi: It was those magical words that bring out a smile! Happiness, happy magical♪
Misaki: Happiness! Happy Magical♪ That song could work. Seems easy to dance to, and I think it'll put everyone in a cheerful mood.
Kanon: Mhm, it's perfect!
Kokoro: Okay, dance time! Misaki, start the music!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah... Ah, I should probably write the moves down. Otherwise, we'd probably forget them.
Kaoru: Splendid. Shall we draw then?
(Black cut)
Misaki: "Hello, Happy World! Children's Festival Dance Moves."
Kokoro: The song is Happiness! Happy Magical♪ Okay, I've thought of something.
Kokoro: The beginning is about wanting to change! Something like this!
Hagumi: Kokoron, what is this? It's a wiggling... something.
Kaoru: It appears to be... a desire to change and uncertainty. I suppose this... is what you wish to express. Fingers touching upon the head, neck slightly tilted...
Kokoro: Awesome, Kaoru! Let's do this pose!
Kanon: Then, everyone could turn to the person next to them and do a move where they whisper to each other... That might be fun.
Hagumi: I wanna do a poke-poke-kissy-kissy move! Like this! Poke♪
Misaki: Ah! Ugh...! Hagumi!
Hagumi: I'm sorry, Mii-kun~.
(Black cut)
Kokoro: I think that pretty much does it! Let's all try out our new dance!
Hagumi: Wait, hold on... Won't we be playing instruments during the show?
Kanon: That's right. Hagumi, Kaoru and I probably won't be able to dance.
Kaoru: How could this be? To lose the ability to demonstrate this dance we have created in our own way... So fleeting...
Kokoro: It's too bad we won't be able to do it together... Michelle and I will dance for the rest of you!
Misaki: Yeah, that's how it goes. I'm actually surprised you all thought you'd be able to join in.
Misaki: This is exactly the right time for Michelle to come in. It'll be taken care of, no worries.
Kanon: Thank you, Misaki-chan.
(Black cut)
Misaki: Alright, let's run through what we're doing for the show. First, we'll practice the Happiness! Happy Magical♪ dance with the kids.
Hagumi: After that, the real party begins! How long will it take to get to that point?
Kaoru: It's certainly not the most complicated choreography. I believe going through it once should suffice.
Kanon: Yeah, too much practice and they might get bored.
Misaki: Which leaves over... about ten minutes in all. Then what?
Kokoro: Let's do another song! We have plenty more that'll make the people smile!
Kaoru: Let me consider... How about Goka! Gokai?! Phantom Thief!?
Kaoru: It stars a character the children are sure to love. Happy Phantom Thief... makes an elegant appearance on the paper!
Hagumi: What about Fuwa Fuwa ☆ Dreamy Sandwich? If we can make that one work, it'd be nice to have other fluffy mascots come. Like Marie!
Kanon: Wacha-Mocha Pettan March would be fun... Everyone could waddle like a penguin.
Kokoro: Let's hear what you want, Misaki! All you've been doing is taking notes!
Misaki: What I want? Hmmm... How about Worldwide Treasure!?
Misaki: The children screaming "yo, yo" would be cute. And it'd be surprisingly fitting for the new school year. Since their world is expanding, you know?
Kokoro: Sounds good to me! Let's do it!
Misaki: Which do you wanna do, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Let's see... I choose Orchestra Of Smiles!
Kaoru: We could never forget about that song. It was our very first one.
Kokoro: ... And I'd love to play I need you! It'd be as fun as a parade!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: ... We ended up with a lot of songs... I think we're gonna have to choose one.
Kokoro: Why don't we just do all of them then?! It'd be better that way anyway!
Kaoru: I don't believe there's enough time? What do you say, Misaki?
Misaki: Most definitely not... That doesn't mean it's impossible though.
Hagumi: What?! Why not?!
Misaki: We could shorten the songs and make a medley or something.
Kokoro: A medley... Yeah, let's do that! We want to show them everything that comes with our smiles!
Kanon: Yeah, all of it! I want us to get in as many smiles as we can.
Kaoru: Innocent smiles on a blossoming stage... So fleeting...
Hagumi: We'll do everything that was can so the children and adults downtown have a great time!
Misaki: Alright, that means there's a lot of work to do. Let's get to it!
Kokoro, Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah!
