event73-03 Chapter 2: Our Cool Band (Part 1)

Afterglow decides to join the event. They seem eager to show off how cool they are.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: A concert?
Himari: Marina-san called to ask us to be part of an event that CiRCLE is hosting!
Himari: Poppin'Party and Roselia will be taking part as well. Let's join them!
Tsugumi: A CiRCLE event, huh? Sounds fun. They went to the trouble of contacting us. I say we should do it.
Tomoe: Yup, no problem here. I never say no to anything like a festival.
Moca: No objections here~. Let's give them an intense show~.
Ran: Yeah. We haven't done anything like this in a while. I don't see why we shouldn't.
Himari: Okay, then it's settled! I'll let Marina-san know!
Himari: Ah, by the way, there are gonna be some new bands that perform as well.
Moca: New bands?
Tomoe: Yep. Girl bands have been poppin' up recently.
Tsugumi: Mhm, to the point where CiRCLE would take notice of them too.
Ran: I mean, it doesn't matter who's there with us. We'll still be doing the same as always.
Himari: ... Ah, Marina-san just answered!
Himari: Uhhh, let's see...
Himari: "Some of the other bands look up to Afterglow. Give them the coolest show you can."
Ran & Moca: They look up...
Tsugumi & Tomoe: To us?!
Himari: D-did you hear that? Some of the other kids look up to us!
Tomoe: What do you mean, 'did you hear'...? Get it together. You're the one that said it.
Himari: I know, but it was such a shock! Do you understand?! They wanna be like us!
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: Th-that's kind of embarrassing in a way...
Moca: So we've finally made it big. We might just be playing at the Budokan next year.
Tsugumi: I'm sure that's much further off, Moca-chan...
Tomoe: Haha, it's pretty motivating to have other kids want to be like us though, huh?!
Himari: Mhm! We'll have to put on the best performance we can during that concert! Alright~, time to show them why Afterglow is so cool!
Ran: It's definitely not because we say things like that...
Tsugumi: Ahaha...
Moca: Okay~, so how exactly do we show them that~?
Himari: Huh? Well... You know!
Himari: This will probably be the first time many of the other girls are performing! So we show them what CiRCLE and concerts are all about!
Tomoe: Probably wouldn't hurt to go talk to 'em before the show, help them calm their nerves.
Tsugumi: I guess we were pretty nervous ourselves when we were still getting used to the whole concert thing...
Tsugumi: We have much more experience as a band, so it'd be nice to help them out wherever we can.
Himari: Mhm!
Tomoe: Yup!
Moca: Hmmm~, I'm pretty sure people who give away buns are the coolest of them all~.
Moca: Take my word for it. Our first move should be for you guys to give me buns~.
Tomoe: Oh, yeah~, your word means so much when it comes to bread...
Himari: Hmph! As if we'd fall for that!
Ran: ... Guys, a second?
Tomoe: Yeah, what's up?
Ran: Giving them advice or whatever is fine and all, but if we're trying to show them what's "cool" isn't it obvious what we have to do?
Tomoe & Himari: Huh?
Ran: The reason they look up to us must be that they like our shows and our music, right?
Ran: In which case, we should show them what we need to show them through our music.
Tomoe & Himari: ...?!
Himari: Y-yeah, I think Ran is right...!
Tomoe: N-no doubt about that. We gotta show them what it means for Afterglow to perform!
Tsugumi: Okay, then we'll need to start thinking of our set list.
Himari: Mhm! One that's super awesome and perfect for our band!
