event73-04 Chapter 3: Our Cool Band (Part 2)

The girls struggle to create a set list. What could be the problem...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: Okay, set list is all done!
Tomoe: We'll probably only fit in five songs with the time we've been given. We made it so that all the songs would show who we are. What do you guys think?
Tsugumi: Scarlet Sky, Y.O.L.O!!!!!, Tied to the Skies...
Ran: After that, That Is How I Roll and True Color...
Himari: Yep! Just looking at this set list is enough to get you pumped up!
Tsugumi: Having these five songs in a row might tire out the audience though...
Himari: A-ahaha, so you thought of that too, huh?
Ran: We may need a little more variety.
Tomoe: Now that you mention it, yeah, it's a little one-sided...
Moca: You guys probably focused too much on choosing songs that'll get a powerful response from the crowd.
Moca: High energy levels might be cool, but I think there's a little more to our band than just that.
Ran: Getting the venue fired up is important, yeah, but I don't think we should worry about what other people think. Wouldn't it be better to play the songs we wanna play?
Himari: N-now that you mention it... Nghhh, yeah! That's much cooler!
Tomoe: Ran's right... Okay, let's make a new set list with the songs we wanna play!
Tsugumi: Mhm, I agree. Alright, we'll put it on this page.
Himari: "Afterglow"... "CiRCLE Event"... "Set List"... There!
Tomoe: Okay, first song... We'll probably want to lead with one that really matches our image.
Ran: You know which song would be good for that, right?
Himari: Ah, so you thought so too, Ran? I had the same idea~!
Tsugumi: Fufu, sounds like we're all on the same page.
Moca: Sure does~. 'Kay, go ahead and write it, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Okay! You got it!
Tomoe: Yep, the first song has to be this one!
Himari: Mhm, we'll be doing things our way♪
(Background change)
Ran: The first song's got some fire to it. Maybe we can keep that heat going with the second.
Tomoe: How about Hey-day Capriccio then? It's pretty intense, but it gives off a different vibe than the first song.
Ran: Capriccio...? Yeah, not a bad choice.
Moca: You got a "not bad" from Ran~.
Ran: Moca, shut up.
Tomoe: Hahaha. Cool, I'll write it down.
Himari: Capriccio, huh? You all remember when we wrote that song, right...?
Tsugumi: It was during summer vacation when we... Ah, never mind! We'd be better off not talking about it!
Tomoe: Y-yeah! Nothing good can come of remembering that day!
Moca: You're talking about the time with that sixth person~? Who could that have been~?
Ran, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...!!
Ran: You don't know how to keep your mouth shut, do you, Moca?
Tsugumi: M-moving on! Let's think about the third song!
Moca: Hey, guys~, can I tell you which song I want to play~?
Ran: That's pretty much how we're deciding. Yeah, go ahead.
Himari: What is it? Tell us.
Moca: COMIC PANIC!!! Look, Tomo-chin is saying she wants to play it too~.
Tomoe: Huh? That's supposed to be me?
Ran: Pft, looks just like you.
Tsugumi: We weren't able to turn the story we thought of into a manga, but I'm glad we made it into a song.
Moca: It was good wasn't it~? I'd love to make some more manga~.
Ran: Do you have a song you wanna play, Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: Me? Hm, let's see... Ah! It'd be nice to play Jamboree! Journey!
Himari: We wrote that one after we went to Inoshima.
Tsugumi: We ate pancakes, went to the aquarium, watched the sunset on the beach... I had such a good time.
Tsugumi: I love that song because it's filled with those fun memories.
Ran & Tomoe: Tsugumi... Tsugu...
Himari: Yeah, memories that belong to all of us! I think that's a good idea!
Ran, Tomoe & Moca: Agreed.
Tsugumi: Ehehe, okay. I'll write it down.
Tomoe: Cool, now for the last song. We'll want to end it with a bang.
Ran: ... I think we should play Tied to the Skies.
Ran: It says everything that needs to be said about the current Afterglow.
Ran: It represents the us who started at the sunset, who went beyond the night, and who found what lies beyond that.
(Background change)
Moca: Wow~, nicely put~. I agree with putting this one last~.
Tomoe: So we lead with our image, pass through some memories, and end on this, huh?
Tsugumi: You know, it brings back so many memories of our first year in high school.
Himari: This set list is packed with what feels like us! Alright~, looks done to me~!!
Tomoe: Yep, from top to bottom!
Tsugumi: Nicely done, everyone.
Moca: And now that that's finished...
Ran: We just need to make sure to perform it well.
Himari: Okay~! We'll keep that in mind and work our butts off! Hey, hey, hoh~!
