event73-01 Opening: Heart-Pounding Future (Part 1)

Poppin'Party has to create a set list for their concert, but can't decided on what to play...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: ... How was that?
Tae: Incredible, Kasumi! The fact that you can play that means you've gotten so much better at the guitar!
Kasumi: I know, right~?! I was playing at home yesterday, and then, out of nowhere, I got the hang of it!
Rimi: That happens to me too. I'll be having a hard time playing something, but then I wake up the next morning, and my fingers do exactly what they need to.
Saya: I think that just means our daily rehearsals are paying off. Isn't it so motivating to think how the practice we're doing right now will someday amount to something?
Arisa: I mean, yeah, we play here almost every day. Obviously, we'd get better.
Kasumi: Ah, Marina-san's calling! I wonder why!
Kasumi: Yes, hello? Kasumi here! ... Yep... Ohhh~, really?
Tae: She must be calling from CiRCLE, right? What could they be talking about?
Arisa: Must be urgent since she's calling.
Kasumi: What?! Really?! Yeah! Of course we'll do it!
Arisa: G-guys... She just promised that we'll do something without asking. Is that okay?
Kasumi: Okay, bye, Marina-san! Thanks for calling!
Arisa: H-hey, Kasumi? Sounded like you took it upon yourself to agree to something for us... What were you talking about?
Kasumi: Well~... Heh heh~. It turns out...
Kasumi: Poppin'Party's gonna be part of a concert at CiRCLE~!!
All: What?!
Tae: They want us for their event?! Us?!
Kasumi: Mhm! A few bands are gonna be brought together to hold a concert at CiRCLE! She wanted to ask if we would perform!
Saya: Okay, so that's why she called.
Rimi: I was hoping we would have the chance to show how much we've improved soon! This event is perfect!
Arisa: That's fine and all, Kasumi, but you can't go deciding this stuff on your own! At least talk to us about it first!
Kasumi: Oh, right! I'm sorry! I was just so happy, I couldn't help myself! Are you saying you didn't want to do it?!
Arisa: N-no, I'm all in favor of being part of the event. What I'm saying is that this is something we're all supposed to decide together!
Kasumi: Yes, you're right! Sorry! Seems like everyone is on board though, so that's good!
Kasumi: Ah, also! She said that since a number of bands will be taking part, she wants each of the groups to come up with a set list of five songs!
Tae: Coming up with a set list is always fun. The order of the songs we play is so important. We have to make sure to put a lot of effort into this.
Kasumi: But it's only five songs, right? I love all of our songs. I don't think I would be able to choose.
Saya: Then it's clear what we have to do, isn't it? We have to decide on a concept for the set list first, no?
Kasumi: What do you mean by that...?
Rimi: Like a list of songs you'd play if you felt lonely, or ones that you'd play to fill yourself with courage. Something like that, I think.
Kasumi: Oh! What if we choose the sparkling, heart-pounding songs then?! Wouldn't that be an amazing concept?!
Arisa: Hmmm~. Okay, if we went with that idea, what would that mean for choosing songs?
Kasumi: Uhhh, well~... Gasp, it wouldn't work! They're all so sparkly and heart-pounding, I wouldn't be able to choose!
Saya: Fufufu, you filled all of the songs with that same emotion. It probably makes sense that you wouldn't be able to choose like that.
Saya: Why don't we try to think of a concept that's a little more concrete?
Tae: What about... songs you wanna listen to while you cuddle with bunnies?
Arisa: When does anyone have the chance to do that?! And you're telling me that's your put-a-lot-of-effort answer?! There has to be something better.
Tae: Okay, then how's this? Songs to help you enjoy a new beginning.
Arisa: Hmmm... Huh...
Arisa: I think we got to a good answer too quickly. It's making me feel unsure...
Saya: I'm impressed you were able to go from your cuddle concept to that one...
Kasumi: It's really good though! We're becoming second-year students! It's perfect!
Rimi: I like it too! Every day would be more enjoyable if we could come up with a set list like that!
Kasumi: Okay! Let's get to thinking, then!
All: Yeah!!
