event73-05 Chapter 4: Limitless Thoughts (Part 1)

Pastel＊Palettes talk about the concept for their show. What could it be...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Hey, did you all hear about the event we'll be taking part in?
Chisato: Yes. Apparently, the theme driving it is "idols expressing themselves in their own way."
Hina: Ooo, so we don't even have to perform as a band?
Maya: That seems to be the case. There's supposed to be an idol on the list that plans to make udon noodles on stage...
Hina: Udon?! Ahaha, what?! That's so weird~!
Eve: What shall we do?
Chisato: I believe performing as a band is still a good idea. That's the way our group started.
Maya: Yeah! That's a very important part of our work as idols!
Aya: That's right! Hey, why don't we come up with a set list on our own?
Chisato: Yes, that feels appropriate to match the "in their own way" concept. I can agree to that.
Aya: Exactly! What about everyone else?
Hina: Yep, sounds good to me. And interesting!
Eve: I am also on board!
Maya: Okay, let's get right to it then. We'll have a set list to give the staff when we talk to them about what we want to do.
Aya: Anyone have a song they want to sing?
Hina: Yeah, I do! Wonderland Girl!!
Maya: I'd like to perform Hanamaru◎Andante. We could do that one first and build up from there.
Eve: I would like to play SURVIVOR Never Give Up! With a part where we have a sort of back-and-forth with the audience like last time...
Aya: O-okay... So Hanamaru◎Andante first, and then~...
Hina: Wonderland Girl!!
Chisato: Fufu. Okay, everyone, just relax. Should we start by thinking of what kind of performance we want to put on and what kind of theme it should have?
Hina: Aw, c'mon. Don't be such a stickler. We just have to play songs that are boppin', right♪
Maya: "Songs that are boppin' "  might be able to become the theme!
Hina: Ohhh, yeah! Let's make it that-
Aya: N-no, that's not allowed! I mean, it is allowed, but no!
Hina: Why not?
Maya: Ahaha... I suppose it'd be better if we used something more concrete. Sorry, Aya-san. I didn't need to add fuel to the boppin' fire.
Chisato: So for example, our theme could be a show where we lift the spirits of the people who were nice enough to come... Something like that?
Aya: Lift their spirits, huh? I... always have this same thought when we do an event. It feels like the crowd is the one putting me in a good mood.
Eve: What do you mean?
Aya: You know how the fans come and cheer us on whenever we have an event or a concert?
Aya: Hearing them fills me with joy. And that emotion makes me want to put on an even better show next time.
Maya: I received a letter that said I filled the person with courage, but at the same time, that letter did the same thing for me.
Maya: I feel as supported by the fans as I do by the rest of you!
Eve: 　That is right! Without them, there would be no Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: What if the theme of our set list is to communicate to our fans that we're grateful for all of the support that lifts us up?
Chisato: So we show our appreciation... Yes, sounds okay to me.
Hina: You go, Aya-chan~. Nice thinking. I definitely get a boppin' feeling when I talk to people who aren't me. That's the same thing, right?
Aya: Ahaha, yeah! That's exactly the idea!
Eve: Okay, let us come up with the set list, then!
Aya: Alright! Time to get to work!
