event73-08 Chapter 7: Shared Passions (Part 2)

The girls present their completed set lists. What songs did they pick...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Sayo: ... It appears everyone has completed their set list.
Yukina: We'll start with Ako... Actually, no. We can all share what we have at the same time.
Ako: Everyone at once?!
Sayo: Yes, that would allow us to get through this more quickly. Alright, we'll show what we have on three.
Rinko: O-okay...
Lisa: Ready~? Here we go~. One, two, three!
Ako: Wow, Lisa-nee and I have the same song first! Sayo-san too!
Ako: For our second song... Wait. Do we all have the same set list?
Sayo: It would appear so.
Lisa: Ahaha, that's amazing! Who could've seen that coming?!
Rinko: I know... I sure didn't...
Yukina: Is it really that surprising? I had a feeling this would happen.
Ako: What?! Does that mean you were reading our minds?!
Yukina: Obviously not. It's simple... I can't imagine there being a more appropriate set list when the theme is pride.
Yukina: And you all thought the same thing. That's all.
Lisa: So it's like our minds and hearts are one or something? That's nice, but it also feels kinda weird to think about.
Rinko: Yeah...
Sayo: So this will be the order. "Song #1: BLACK SHOUT." "Song #2: Re:birth Day."
Yukina: Sunkissed Rhodonite, then Neo-Aspect. Lastly, LOUDER.
Ako: Let me write! Uhhh, "Sunkissed Rhodonite"...
Rinko: Ah, Ako-chan... You only need... two lines... for the first character...
Ako: Oh, really? Sorry, Rin-rin. And thank you!
Sayo: Sigh. I can already imagine the next two being misspelled.
Lisa: Ahaha, I'll write Neo-Aspect then♪ You write the last song, Yukina.
Yukina: No problem.
Lisa: Hm~. Doing this makes me think of when Roselia was first formed. Everything started when Yukina asked Sayo to join.
Ako: I remember asking over and over if I could join and finally having my drumming skills tested!
Yukina: Yes. You made it very hard to get rid of you.
Ako: Y-Yukina-san~!
Lisa: Ahaha. In the end, the five of us made up Roselia... We've butted heads along the way. And we all joined the band for different reasons. There was also...
Lisa: The thing with Yukina's dad. A bunch of stuff.
Rinko: Mhm, but... we all had... the desire to play our music... So we came together... once again...
Sayo: That's right. We also took part in Future World Fes together.
Lisa: It was a close one, but we didn't have what it took to push the final result in our favor.
Yukina: Correct. However, it wasn't a meaningless endeavor.
(Background change)
Ako: A whole lot of stuff happened after that too! We had a mess of a rehearsal when Lisa-nee couldn't be there...
Lisa: Ahaha, sure did!
Sayo: For whatever reason, I feel like there has been a more positive air surrounding Roselia since that day.
Rinko: Mhm. I believe that day... made us all treasure Roselia... even more than before...
Lisa: But I feel like that also kept us from seeing eye to eye around the time when we made Neo-Aspect.
Yukina: Yes, but more importantly... I think that misunderstanding happened because we had all changed.
Yukina: I did too. I was no longer the girl just chasing her dad's legacy. Everyone had changed little by little until we were no longer on the same page.
Sayo: That's right. And we overcame that.
Ako: And that's why LOUDER comes last, right?!
Rinko: ...? Ako-chan? Why did you draw... a demon king?
Ako: What?! That's no demon king! That's Yukina-san's dad~!
Sayo: Minato-san's father is rather intense.
Yukina: He's not like this.
Lisa: Also, you've never even met her dad, have you, Ako?
Lisa: One of these, and one of these... He's like this☆ Yep, I think it came out pretty well, if I do say so myself!
Yukina: Hello? Don't make a game of my father.
Lisa: Ahaha... Sorry~. But still...
Lisa: The reason Roselia exists is that you were following your dad's path.
Lisa: And LOUDER, a song that was once his, is now one of our most precious songs.
Sayo: I don't think there's a song more suitable for finishing the set list.
Yukina: Yes, I would agree.
(Background change)
Yukina: Like I said, this is the best selection if the theme is to be pride.
Yukina: No set list could create the feeling of the road we've walked and the things we've made and brought with us like this one can.
Ako: Yep! I agree one-hundred percent!
Sayo: Well, now that we've decided what to play, why don't we start rehearsing?
Sayo: There's no point in just figuring out the order of the songs and then immersing ourselves in all these memories. We have to perfect our playing by the time of the show.
Yukina: Yes, Sayo is right.
Yukina: Our next step to the top must consist of looking back on our experiences and looking forward to the future where we'll improve ourselves.
Yukina: We must advance without being too hasty and without making light of what's to come. As the five of us, of course.
Lisa & Sayo: Okay! Certainly.
Ako & Rinko: Yeah!! Yes...!
Yukina: We aim for a top that only we can reach. And we will find it, no matter what!
