event73-06 Chapter 5: Limitless Thoughts (Part 2)

The girls struggle to decide on their last song, when Aya makes a suggestion...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Okay, let's get to it... Which songs should we choose?
Maya: It might be a good idea to create a set list that shows the crowd our appreciation in a way that will make them feel joy and make them want to cheer even more than they already were!
Eve: And then we'll put on a more powerful performance after hearing them!
Hina: Ahaha, it's an infinite loop! Interesting!
Aya: A song that will fill them with energy, right? I'd love if we could get them excited! What about Pasupa Revolutions☆?
Chisato: Hanamaru◎Andante is also an encouraging song. I would like to fit it in somewhere.
Hina: Aya-chan, shouldn't you write this down before you're overwhelmed like last time?
Aya: Mhm, good idea! Okay, let's see...
Aya: There! How's that? "The First Pastel＊Palettes Set List Meeting!!"
Aya: And the theme is... "Communicate our appreciation to the fans and lift them up!" ... Done!
Eve: Wow! This feels like a real meeting!
Hina: So boring~. We need something more colorful! There, I think that's good!
Aya: Ah! Hey~, there's no space to write now~!
Maya: Hina-san, let's leave the doodles for later! The set list comes first!
Maya: I want to play Luminous Once More. I can never forget the intensity I felt the first time we performed it.
Hina: That show was a blast! Something about it made me feel like we were all feeling the same thing at the same time~.
Aya: I want to do something that's even better! The crowd will definitely find joy in that!
Aya: "Luminous Once More"! "Convey intensity"...
Hina: Aya-chan, it's all crooked. Why don't you have someone else write it?
Aya: Huh?! Oh, you're right... Ngh, I'm so bad at writing on the board. The same thing happens at school.
(Background change)
Chisato: Fufu, I'll be in charge of the board then. Could you lead the meeting, Aya-chan?
Aya: Thank you, Chisato-chan! Okay, we've decided on the third song then.
Maya: If we want to make things as dramatic as we can, we want about two more songs.
Hina: Ah! What about that one song? Uhhh~... You know the one!
Aya: Which one?!
Hina: The onion song!
Eve: An onion song? Are you sure we had one?
Hina: Awww! Am I the only one who calls it that?
Maya: Not sure which one you're talking about, but I think that's a safe bet...
Chisato: Just a shot in the dark here, but... SURVIVOR Never Give Up!...?
Hina: Yeah! Of course you would understand, Chisato-chan~. It has that part with the crying in it, so I just call it the onion song♪
Aya: Yeah, no one else calls it that... But everyone always has a good time when we do that song! I'd love to perform it!
Eve: It's a very fun song. That's another one where we can have the crowd get involved♪
Chisato: Okay, then. I suppose we'll do... the onion song.
Hina: Yay~!! Onions♪
Maya: Alright, let's put them in order and decide on the last song! The first song is...
(Black cut)
Aya: Okay, so that's the order we're going with.
Hina: The picture of the onion you drew is so cute, Chisato-chan! Look, it's kinda like a human, isn't it?
Chisato: Stop, Hina-chan... I only drew it because you asked me to... We should just erase it.
Hina: C'mon~! You don't have to do that~. At least let me take a photo first.
(Background change)
Maya: A-anyway, can we get to the last song?!
Aya: The final piece... The finale is always a hard one. And we've been closing with Luminous Once More lately.
Eve: That is correct. This time, though, we have that song first. How should we end it then?
Chisato: With Pasupa Revolutions☆ fourth, I think we want to carry the upbeat momentum all the way to the end.
Maya: Hm~, this is definitely not an easy choice... Having a more calming ending to segue out of the performance could work too...
Aya: We want to show them our appreciation... Oh, I know!!
Aya: What about Shuwarin☆Dreaming?
Hina: Ooo, didn't see that one coming. Why that song?
Aya: It's where we began. It's the first song we played for an audience. Even if that ended up being a disaster...
Aya: I just have the feeling of wanting to perform that song on stage again. We've put in a lot of work up until this point, right?
Chisato: It all comes full circle... Yeah, not a bad idea. We're able to perform that song again not only because of our hard work...
Chisato: But especially because the fans accepted us when we returned to the stage. If it weren't for them, we wouldn't be living the life we are now.
Aya: Yeah! That's exactly right! The song brings painful memories and enjoyable memories! That's why...
Aya: That's why... Ngh...
Hina: Huh?! Why are you crying?!
Aya: I can't help it!! I'm remembering so many things...
Eve: Do not cry, Aya-san! We'll be making more memories of smiles starting now!
Maya: That's true, Aya-san! We have to have smiles on our faces when we show the fans how grateful we are.
Aya: Y-yeah... We do!
Chisato: Alright, I believe that does it for the set list. Let's have the staff look it over.
Hina: Yep, I think it's good. Onions~♪
Eve: Fufu, I hope the fans like it!
(Background change)
Aya: I'm sure they will!
Aya: With it, we'll show them an us that's better than ever before!
