event152-03 Chapter 2: Tale of Riding

One morning, Tsugumi is performing her student council duties as usual. What is she checking today...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[?]

Himari: Ran!
Ran: Ah... Morning, Himari.
Himari: Good morning~. My, you look tired.
Himari: That being said, I'm really sleepy as well. I don't think I got a wink of sleep last night.
Ran: Mhm. I feel like... I had a weird dream...
Himari: Wait, you too, Ran? I actually had one as well~.
Ran: Really? Do you think... it was the same dream?
Himari: No way~, not a chance~. My dream was far too absurd...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Good morning!
Ran: Ah, it's Tsugumi. What's she up to this early?
Himari: Morning, Tsugu. Are you doing student council duties?
Tsugumi: Good morning, you two. Yep, I'm in charge of morning greetings today. Also...
Tsugumi: Ah! You there, you can't ride that bicycle to school without a permission sticker!
Tsugumi: Every so often you get people who break school rules like this, so I'm on patrol.
Himari: The student council is lucky to have you~. You're like, "Student Council Vice President Tsugumi Hazawa, at your service!"
Ran: Yeah, you're doing a great job so early in the morning.
Tsugumi: Ehehe, your compliments are making me blush...
Tsugumi: ... Ah! Hey you, first-year student!
Ran: Let's head inside. I don't wanna get in Tsugumi's way.
Tsugumi: Commuting to school by dromedary camel is prohibited. You can ride Bactrian camels only!
Ran: Huh...? Camel...?
Tsugumi: Our school doesn't allow travel by dromedary camels. If you guys want to ride one, make sure it's Bactrian, okay?
Ran & Himari: ...
Himari: Have we always been allowed to ride camels to school...?
Ran: No, something weird is going on. This is the first time I've ever even seen a camel...
Tsugumi: The camel parking lot for first-year students is over there! The parking spaces are sorted by color!
Himari: Is she talking about a place to park your camel...?
Moca: Ah~. Morning, everyone~.
Himari: Good morning, Moca... Huh? Where are you?!
Moca: I'm here~. Look up~.
Ran: What on earth...?
Himari: Wh-why are you riding an elephant, Moca...?!
Moca: Hang on a second~. I'm coming down... Oof.
Moca: Thanks for waiting~. Boy, when I left the house I was sure I'd be late for school. Luckily, this kid here was on the roadside, making a face that screamed, "Hop on!"
Ran: You mean the elephant?
Tsugumi: Moca-chan! You need a permit to ride an elephant to school! Come to the student council room later to pick up the application form.
Moca: Roger that~. Off we go, my lucky elephant~.
Ran: Since when did Moca come to school by elephant...?
Himari: Do you think Tomoe will show up to school on an elephant or a camel as well?!
Ran: No way... But who knows anymore.
Tomoe: Ran! Himari! Morning!
Ran: Right on cue...
Himari: Oh? Where are you, Tomoe?!
Tomoe: Over here! Above you!
Ran: Not again...
Ran: ...?!
Tomoe: Phew. Man, I was really cutting it close there, but if you guys are still standing outside it means I'm not late.
Ran: There's a more urgent matter at hand. Tomoe, is that...?
Himari: A giant bird?!
Tomoe: Hup! Nice, made it just in time.
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan?! Riding a roc to school is against the rules!
Tomoe: Yikes! I didn't know you were on safety patrol today! I saw this roc chilling on the side of the road, so I took my chances...
Ran: ... Wait, am I still dreaming...?
Tsugumi: School's about to start, so I'll ride the roc back to where it belongs. Tomoe-chan, you have to come to the student council room after school.
Tomoe: Cool, fine by me.
Ran: Tsugumi is flying through the sky...
Tomoe: Haha, looks like Tsugu's wish was granted too.
Himari: Does this mean my wish is next...?!
Ran: I have no idea, but we should get a move on. Otherwise, we really will be late.
Himari: Okay! Ah, I can't wait for my wish to come true!
(White cut)
