event152-06 Chapter 5: Tale of Sunsets

Ran awakes from her dream, only to find herself in another dream with someone else.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa)

Ran: Whoa, we're really flying...
Tomoe: Ran, be careful not to fall.
Ran: I know. You too, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Haha, way ahead of you. Hey, feast your eyes on that, Ran.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Amazing...
Tomoe: You said it. It's a totally different view from the veranda.
Ran: Yeah. The house lights are twinkling like treasure chests at the bottom of the sea.
Ran: Still...
Tomoe: Hm?
Ran: I prefer the sunset.
Tomoe: I see...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Huh...?
Tomoe: We're in a dream, remember?
Ran: So anything's possible, huh?
Tomoe: Yep, anything...
Tomoe: ... Hey, Ran.
Ran: Yeah?
Tomoe: In a dream, all your wishes come true.
Tomoe: You can get whatever you want in an instant.
Tomoe: We can play sold-out shows, fly, take a trip around the world, and eat all we want at Yamabuki Bakery.
Tomoe: On top of that, the sunset is eternal, and we can be together forever.
Tomoe: What do you think of a world like that, Ran?
Ran: Huh...?
Ran: ...
Ran: I think it would be boring if everything were that easy.
Ran: We all know the sun sets eventually.
Ran: After all, that's how the world changes... So we created Afterglow to protect the things we wanna keep the same.
Ran: If the sun never sets, Afterglow loses its purpose.
Tomoe: ... Haha, you're right. Couldn't have put it better myself.
Tomoe: I knew you'd say that, Ran.
Tomoe: I feel the same way. Dreams that exist only in your head are boring.
Tomoe: Even so, you said you wished for us to be together forever.
Ran: What...? It's not like I was expecting anyone to grant it.
Tomoe: Yeah, I know. You're not that kind of person, Ran.
Ran: Huh...?
Tomoe: I thought that if I could be a genie... If I could grant everyone's wishes, that we'd all be happy.
Tomoe: However... there's no such thing as an everlasting sunset, and people can't fly.
Tomoe: There's no magic lamp to grant your wishes. The only one who can make your dreams come true is you.
Ran: Tomoe...
Tomoe: That's why the time for dreaming is over.
Tomoe: From now on, it's time to achieve them.
Ran: ... Yeah. I agree.
Tomoe: Well, let's hurry back to reality then. Where we belong.
Ran: Wait, how? Are we gonna jump?
Tomoe: Yep, you know what they say? Carpe diem! Come on, Ran.
Ran: That's just like you, Tomoe...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Man, we're so high up. There's no way I could do this in real life.
Ran: I know it's just a dream, but my head is spinning...
Tomoe: Oh, you okay, Ran? Don't tell me you're scared.
Ran: N-not at all.
Tomoe: Then let's jump together.
Ran: ...
Tomoe: Ready?
Ran: Yeah.
Tomoe & Ran: Go.
(White cut)
