event152-01 Opening: A Quiet Night

Afterglow is having a slumber party at Tomoe's house. Suddenly, Tomoe takes out something special.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Himari: Gosh, who has the eight of diamonds?! I can't make any moves~!
Moca: Hmm~, who could it be? Blocking your opponents is a legitimate tactic when playing sevens~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha. For all we know, it might be you, Moca-chan.
Moca: Perhaps~.
Himari: Fine. I'll pass!
Tomoe: Himari, you haven't played a single card. Okay, here goes the four of spades.
Ran: Just what I was waiting for. Three of spades.
Tsugumi: Wow, you're down to your last card, Ran-chan! One more and you've won!
Tsugumi: I'll place... the jack of hearts!
Moca: Ten of clubs~.
Himari: Urgh... Pass...
Tomoe: Uh-oh, I need to pass as well. Your turn, Ran.
Ran: Well then... eight of diamonds. I win.
Himari: So it was you, Ran!
Tsugumi: You're a real card shark, Ran-chan. With your win in old maid, that makes two victories in a row!
Ran: I got dealt a better hand, that's all.
Tomoe: Well then, a prize for our champion. Here you go, Ran.
Ran: Huh? What's this?
Tomoe: Just something I bought the other day at the flea market. Open it.
Ran: Okay...
Ran: ... Is this a perfume bottle?
Himari: Whoa, it's gorgeous...!
Tsugumi: Look, there's something inside this part here... A stone...? Wait, is this incense?
Moca: It smells like a mystical, faraway place~.
Tomoe: Apparently, it's an Arabian incense. The shopkeeper told me all about it, and I thought it was pretty cool.
Ran: Hmmm... Well, we might as well light it up.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Wow, it smells lovely...
Ran: Yeah, it's not bad. Thanks, Tomoe.
Tomoe: I'm glad you're getting a kick out of it.
Moca: I'd go so far as to say this room has been transformed into an Arabian wonderland~.
Ran: No, that's an exaggeration.
Tsugumi: Is Arabia... where Aladdin and magic carpets are from?
Himari: Yep. As well as the story of "Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves," and opening doors with the phrase, "Open sesame!"
Tomoe: That reminds me, I have a photo book with pictures of the Arabian Peninsula. It should be around here somewhere...
Tomoe: ... Found it. Here, check this out.
Tsugumi: Wow! This looks amazing!
Moca: I like these pictures taken at nighttime. It's got a totally different vibe to Japan~.
Tsugumi: Maybe these beautiful nightscapes are what inspired the book One Thousand and One Nights.
Tomoe: Yeah, exactly! Arabian Nights! When I think of those stories, that magic lamp that grants three wishes immediately comes to mind.
Himari: Right~? One can dream...
Tomoe: Hey, what would you wish for if you had the lamp? I'd start by building a pork bone ramen shop right outside my house...
Himari: My first wish would be for a hundred more wishes!
Tsugumi: Huh? You can do that?!
Himari: Well, three wishes are hardly enough! There's so much I wanna do!
Moca: Good idea, Hii-chan. Then, I'll do the same~.
Tomoe: ... Jeez, you're all so greedy.
Himari: Girls are greedy creatures, after all~.
Tomoe: Haha, is that so?
Tomoe: ... Hey, Ran.
Ran: Hm? Yeah?
Tomoe: If it were you, what would you do?
Ran: Huh?
Tomoe: If you were granted a wish.
Ran: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: If I was granted a wish...
Ran: I would...
(Black cut)
