event40-01 Opening: Suddenly Scouted

It's decided that Misaki will enter the Fluffy Mascot Competition, but... what does that mean anyway?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kanon: So I bought a new felt kit recently.
Misaki: Really? What kind?
Kanon: I thought I'd try doing a rabbit this time.
Misaki: Oh~, that's great. If you have any problems, let me know and I'll help you out.
Kanon: Thank you, Misaki-chan. I wanted to try and do it myself, but to be honest, I'm already stuck...
Misaki: Ahaha. That's how it always is in the beginning.
？？？: U-uhm... Excuse me.
Misaki: ... Yes?
？？？: Nice to see you again. It's been a while. How's Michelle doing?
Kanon: Huh...? Misaki-chan, is this person a friend of yours?
Misaki: Uhm~... I'm sorry. Do I know you...? And how do you even know about Michelle...?
？？？: Ah, my apologies... I'm the one who told you about the part-time job where you dress as Michelle.
Misaki: Ah... Ahh~, now I remember! I knew I'd seen you somewhere before... It sure has been a long time.
Agent: Michelle's really gaining a lot of popularity with her band, isn't she? I've actually been to a few of your concerts...
Misaki: Huh?! You have?!
Agent: Yes. I like to think of myself as Michelle's very first fan!
Kanon: Th-this is amazing, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: So Michelle has a fan... Even that's hard to believe.
Agent: What are you saying? More people should know about Michelle! I'd love to see her climb the ranks of the mascot world and become a huge star...
Misaki: That's quite the dream... Especially considering it's not the music world, but the mascot world you want to see her succeed in.
Agent: Well, I'd like more people to know Michelle's roots as Hanasakigawa's mascot... Oh! Actually, on that note, I have something I want to ask of you.
Misaki: Oh boy, I've got a bad feeling about this...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: ... So you see, Michelle has been asked to take part in this "Fluffy Mascot Competition"...
Misaki: However, Michelle... and I are currently members of this band, so we wanted to discuss this with all of you first before making a decision. We have band practice, after all, among other things...
Kokoro: Do it!!
Kaoru: I whole-heartedly agree. It sounds like a spectacular event. In fact, part of me wishes I could participate.
Misaki: Yeah, you're such a character I'm sure no one would notice... But we're getting off topic! Are you guys sure? The competition takes place on the same day as band practice.
Kokoro: We can hold practice whenever, but this competition thingy is only happening that day, right? In that case, participating in that is the obvious choice!
Kaoru: Seeing Michelle ascend the staircase to stardom... Ah~, the very thought itself is so fleeting...! It reminds me of Cinderella! Cinderella Michelle!
Kokoro: And once more and more people learn about Michelle, there'll also be more smiles. Lots and lots more. Isn't just the thought of that super exciting?
Hagumi: Y-yeah...! I think so too!
Kanon: Why don't you give it a shot, Misaki-chan? Looks like everyone is on board...
Misaki: ... Alright. I kind of saw this coming, anyways.
Hagumi: ...
Kokoro: Then it's settled! We'll be there to cheer on Michelle as well!
Kaoru: A marvelous idea! I shall begin composing an anthem for that very purpose, at once!
Misaki: Ah~... Haha. I'll let Michelle know how you all feel. I'm going to head over and apply then.
Kanon: Ah, I'll come too! My mom asked me to run some errands downtown...
Kokoro: See you later, Misaki! Make sure to let Michelle know we'll be there!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Everyone's so supportive of Michelle, aren't they?
Misaki: They sure are~... Welp, I'll do what I can.
Hagumi: M-Mii-kun~! Kano-chan-senpai!
Misaki: ... Hagumi?
Hagumi: U-uhm... I...!
