event40-02 Chapter 1: Hopping to the Moon

It's the day of the Fluffy Mascot Competition, and Michelle is faced with a powerful rival...!

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition - Day of the Event]

[Fluffy Mascot Competition Event Area]

Kokoro: Wow...! Look at all the fluffy-wuffy critters! They're all so cute!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Something tells me she sees all these mascots the same way she sees Michelle. Like they're all some sort of living creature.
Kanon: Fufu. I think you're right... Kaoru-san, what's that you're holding?
Kaoru: This, my dear, is an uchiwa fan, which I will use to cheer on our beloved Michelle. My little kittens often do the same when they attend my performances. Here, I've brought one for you as well.
Kanon: Th-thank you...
Kaoru: It is so unfortunate that Hagumi cannot be here with us today because of a cold. I had prepared a fan for her as well...
Michelle (Misaki): If she's sick, she's sick. Besides, I already received her message. "Do your best, and fight fair and square! No holding back!"
Kokoro: She's right! Michelle, do your best today and fight, fight, fight! I'll be cheering you on with this fan!
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha~, thanks~. Now that I think about it though, I sort of just went with the flow of things and ended up participating. I have no idea how I'm supposed to win.
Kanon: They said that everyone will be separated into groups, where they'll compete in different categories. What those categories are also differ depending on the group you're in.
Kanon: ... However, in the end, it seems the final decision is left up to a vote from the audience.
Michelle (Misaki): So if I want to win, I need to leave an impact...
Michelle: (For better or worse, I think our chaotic concerts have given me a lot of practice at grabbing the audience's attention. Still...)
Michelle: (Stop, no overthinking! I'm sure everyone else is just as bad at this type of thing.)
Kanon: Ah, Misaki-chan! The first event is starting soon!
Kaoru: I wonder what manner of fleeting challenges Michelle will be facing.
MC: Let us begin! The first category is... the long jump!
Michelle (Misaki): Long jump?!
Kokoro: You've got this, Michelle! You'll jump so far, downtown won't be able to contain you! You'll end up all the way in outer space!
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa, whoa, just what do you think I am...? Whatever, I'll be right back.
Michelle: (Oh yeah... I wonder which block she's in... But all I know is that she's participating, so I guess there's really no way to find out.)
MC: Up next: Entry number 35! Marie Andromeda!!
Marie: ...
Kokoro: Is she a rabbit? Her fur has all sorts of patterns, it's so unique and wonderful.
Kaoru: Indeed... And that slight hint of sorrow in her expression is so fleeting.
MC: On your mark... Get set... Go!
Marie: ...
MC: An excellent jump by Marie!! Her distance is... 3.98 meters!
Michelle (Misaki): What the heck?! That was insane! ... Wait a minute, that's got to be the one...
Kanon: Th-that was some jump...
Kokoro: Amazing!! Marie's so athletic! Michelle~! I believe in you~! Reach for the stars~!
Kaoru: Go! Leap, Michelle! May your journey take you beyond the Milky Way!
Michelle (Misaki): Wow, this is so embarrassing... Sigh, oh well, all I can do is try... Here I come!
(Black cut)
Kanon: Good work, Misaki-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): I never thought I'd have to do a long jump outside of gym class...
Kokoro: That was fantastic, Michelle! It really looked like you touched the stars!
Kaoru: As it stands, you have claimed second place. It may not need to be said, but first place has gone to the rabbit, Marie Andromeda.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, come on~. There's no way I could have beat that. She really went flying there.
Michelle: (Of course she did. After all, Marie is...)
(Black cut)

[Team Marie]

Tae: Great job. What an amazing jump! Are you hot? I brought you something to drink.
Hagumi: Phew... I'm boiling~! Thanks, O-Tae!
