event40-03 Chapter 2: Marie's a Fluffy Mascot

Misaki and Kanon realize who Marie is, which causes Misaki concern.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition - Team Marie]

Kasumi: That was great, Hagu~! Here's a towel for you!
Hagumi: Thanks, Kaa-kun!
Arisa: ... Are you sure this is okay, Kitazawa-san? You're up against Michelle, you know...
Hagumi: Yeah, it's fine! I already told Michelle...
Hagumi: We have to do our best and fight fair and square...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: What's up, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Uhm... I have something I want you to tell Michelle.
Hagumi: Tell her that no matter what, we have to fight fair and square! No holding back!
Misaki: Uhm~, hold on. I feel like I'm missing something here.
Hagumi: You see, I'm going to be in the Fluffy Mascot Competition too.
Kanon & Misaki: What?!
Hagumi: I-it just kind of happened! Anyways, I'm gonna be there too! So Michelle and I... will probably end up facing each other...
Hagumi: But even knowing that, I want to compete with everything I've got...!
Misaki: Got it. I'll let Michelle know.
Hagumi: Mii-kun... Thank you! I really wish I could tell Michelle in person, but we don't have any more practices between now and then...
Misaki: That's true. Good luck then. Ah! I think it'd be best if you kept this a secret from Kokoro and Kaoru, though.
Hagumi: Huh? Why?
Misaki: Let's just say... Something tells me it would be better if only your fellow competition knew...
Misaki: (Even if we told them Hagumi's entering the Fluffy Mascot Competition, I don't think they'd understand... Plus if more people know her identity, it might be harder for her to compete...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition - Team Marie]

Hagumi: So... it's fine!
Kasumi: Hagu, I want you to be the best Marie you can be! We'll help you in any way we can.
Tae: Fufu, Marie's so cute. Seeing such a large bunny brings joy to my heart♪
Tae: Still... these patches and stitches... They look like they hurt...
Arisa: I mean, it's not like this was funded. Everyone downtown just piled together all the scraps they had to make this costume.
Kasumi: You may not look the greatest... But who cares?! Our motivation's already in first place!
Arisa: How can motivation be in first place? That makes no sense...
Hagumi: Thanks for the support, Kaa-kun, everyone. You're all such a big help~.
Arisa: Michelle has everyone in Hello, Happy World!, so it's only fair we be here for you. If there's anything we can do, we'll gladly help.
Tae: You're such a sweetheart, Arisa.
Kasumi: There's something I don't get though... How did you end up being Marie, Hagu?
Hagumi: Dad and everyone else downtown begged me too. They said it would bring more life to the downtown area if I did...
Arisa: And since you're such a wiz at sports, anyone would assume that you'd be able to move inside the Marie suit with ease...
Hagumi: I tried to tell him that I couldn't do it because I'm human, not a mascot, but he wouldn't listen...
Arisa: Y-yes... You are human, that is correct...
Tae: It's okay, Hagumi. As long as you wear this, you're a mascot too.
Hagumi: Are you sure? Am I really?
Hagumi: ... Someone downtown said they were going to ask Mii-kun to do it at first, but they decided not to in the end for some reason. I wonder why they would ask Mii-kun.
Tae: Yeah~, why would they do that? Any ideas, Arisa?
Arisa: Oh, come on, it's not that hard to figure out...
(Black cut)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition - Team Michelle]

Kanon: Misaki-chan, uhm... This is just a guess, but could Marie be...
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, so I'm not the only one who noticed, huh?
Kanon: ... So you think so too?
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah. Those moves make it pretty obvious, don't they? There's no way it could be anyone else.
Michelle: (Sigh... I think this would have been a lot easier if I didn't know...)
