event40-05 Chapter 4: How to Attract Attention

Michelle and Marie are both struggling with the balloon distributing contest when Kokoro comes up with a great idea.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition - Team Michelle]

Michelle (Misaki): Next up is handing out balloons... These categories are so random... It does feel like an actual mascot competition now though.
Kanon: Well, this is your specialty, isn't it, Misaki-chan?
Michelle (Misaki): I guess. I was handing out balloons before becoming a DJ, after all.
MC: On your mark... Get set... Hand out those balloons!
Michelle (Misaki): Hello, everyone~. I have some balloons for you~. Who wants balloons~?
Kid A: Wow~. It's Michelle! So cute~! Ah, but that character over there is cute too~!!
Michelle: (Uh-oh... Usually my unenthusiastic attitude is enough for me to get by and they take the balloons, but it's a lot tougher with all these other mascots in the way!)
Kaoru: Michelle... She's struggling out there.
Kanon: Yeah... and...
Kanon: (Marie's having a hard time too... Is she okay?)
Marie: ...!
Kid B: Whoa! Th-that's scary~!! Waaah~!!
Arisa: I-It's alright. Don't be scared~. Look, Marie wants to shake your hand~.
Kid B: N-nooo~!! I'm scared~!! Waaah~!!
Marie: ...
Arisa: ... This is why I'm bad with kids...!
Michelle (Misaki): Balloons~. Super fun~. Who wants one~?
Michelle: (No good... No one's biting... Looks like Marie's doing even worse though...)
Kokoro: Why does Michelle still have so many balloons?
Kaoru: Our Michelle is quite the charmer, but with all these mascots here, she blends in with the crowd, so to speak. Because of this, no one's giving her much attention.
Kokoro: Attention... Attention... I've got it!
Kokoro: Remember when Kanon was trying to get the baby penguin back home, and we did a street performance? We should try that!
Kaoru: I see. That makes perfect sense...!
Kaoru: If we wish to capture our audience's attention, that is our best option! Such an incredibly fleeting idea brings tears to my eyes...!
Kanon: W-wait, guys... We don't have instruments...
Black Suit: Matsubara-sama... Please use this.
Kanon: H-huh?! A marching snare drum?! Where did this come from?!
Kokoro: Kanon, we're counting on you! Go help Michelle!
Kaoru: My deepest apologies, but we shall be cheering you two on from the sidelines with our fans.
Kanon: Fueee... Why am I the only one...?!
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san, you really saved me. Thank you so much.
Kanon: I'm glad I could help you out! That was pretty embarrassing though...
Michelle (Misaki): Looks like I won that balloon challenge by a landslide, thanks to you.
Kanon: You're right! Now you're pretty much tied with Marie.
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah. I guess the next challenge will decide the winner of the competition.
Michelle: (... So it all comes down to the next event... Will everything be okay? I mean, this is kind of like last time...)
