event40-07 Ending: A Touching Finish?!

After some support, Michelle is able to complete the race. And the winner of the Fluffy Mascot Competition is...?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Fluffy Mascot Competition Event Area]

Michelle (Misaki): Huff... Puff... I finally... made it...
Kokoro: Michelle~!! Congratulations! You did a terrific job!
Michelle (Misaki): Urgh... Wait... Don't hug me right now... I'm exhausted... Huff... Puff...
Kaoru: What a marvelous display of athleticism, Michelle...! Although, I'll admit, you had me worried for a moment there when you stopped running...
Kanon: It looked like you were talking to Marie about something. What was it?
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, actually-...
Marie (Hagumi): Michelle~!!
Michelle (Misaki): Hagumi!
Kokoro: What...?! What, what...?! Are you Hagumi?! Or Marie?!
Kaoru: What's this...?! You have the face of Hagumi, but you wear the clothes of Marie. What on earth...?!
Marie (Hagumi): Kokoron, Kaoru-kun, the truth is...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: I see. So you took on the role of Marie for the sake of the citizens of the downtown area.
Kokoro: So that's it, huh? You completely fooled me. You're such a talented actress, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Yeah, I'm just a human pretending to be a mascot. I'm sorry I lied to you two about having a cold...
Michelle (Misaki): Ah...
Michelle: (That was actually my fault for trying to help...)
Kokoro: You don't have anything to apologize for! You were just trying to surprise us, right?
Kaoru: And what a splendid performance, Hagumi! You made the perfect Marie. Not even I could tell it was you.
Michelle: (Well, yeah. You still haven't figured out my identity, Kaoru-san...)
Michelle (Misaki): I'm sorry, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Huh? What do you mean, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): Even though you told me you wanted a fair fight, I ended up just making things weird by trying to be considerate, and I even tried to quit...
Michelle (Misaki): All that stuff about not holding back and fighting fair and square... That's something you learned from Misaki-chan, isn't it?
Hagumi: Michelle, how'd you know?! That's right! Mii-kun taught me that. Her words helped me out when I really needed it.
Hagumi: I want everyone I care about to hear what Mii-kun taught me... So hearing you say that makes me really happy!
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha... Thanks, Hagumi.
Michelle: (She really took what I said to heart. Yet here I am not even following my own advice... Looks like I've still got some growing to do~...)
Kokoro: Marie! Michelle! Watching you both fight so hard was wonder-tastic! And it's all thanks to Misaki's advice! I'll have to thank her.
Michelle (Misaki): Sure... I'll let her know.
Michelle: (Does this mean Marie will win now? Yeah, no doubt about that. She really gave it everything she had.)
MC: The final scores have been tallied. We will now move on to... the final results!!
Kanon: Here we go...!
MC: First place goes to... Marie Andromeda, representing Hanasakigawa!!
Kokoro: Yay! Congratulations, Hagumi~!
MC: And tying for first place with the same final score... Also representing Hanasakigawa, Michelle!!
Michelle (Misaki): Wh-what?!
Kaoru: Ah~...! Michelle! It seems congratulations are in order!
MC: Now, moving on to second place...
(Black cut)
Marie (Hagumi): Michelle~! We did it! First place!
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha, thanks. It's all thanks to you, Marie... By the way, what happens now that we wo-...
Agent: Amazing! You both were absolutely amazing!
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa, where'd you come from?
Agent: I saw the whole thing. Every challenge was amazing, but that marathon at the end, what an emotional journey that was!
Michelle (Misaki): Th-thanks...
Agent: Seeing Marie restore Michelle's spirit, and then watching them head towards the goal brought tears to my eyes. That got me thinking...
Agent: I want to see Marie and Michelle continue to bring joy to Hanasakigawa... together.
Kaoru: So you could say... Your friendship is as deep as your rivalry. What a wondrous sentiment! Absolute perfection!
Kokoro: I agree! I'm so happy to see Michelle make new friends!
Marie (Hagumi): If we're going to be working together, then I'll do my best...! As Marie, I mean!
Tae: Marie, once you're super popular, let's fix up these patches.
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa, where'd you all come from?!
Kasumi: And while we're at it, wouldn't it be great if Marie had her own theme song?! We should totally make one!
Kokoro: Great idea, Kasumi! I'll start thinking of lyrics right away!
Michelle (Misaki): What the heck is going on...?! And here I thought we were going to end on a nice, touching note...
Arisa: Okusawa-san... Kanon-senpai. Let's talk about what we're gonna do. Sounds like we'll be working together on a song soon.
Michelle (Misaki): Why are you so willing to go along with this?! ... We don't have a choice at this point, do we...? Argh, fine! I'm going to go get changed!
