event60-05 Chapter 4: Before the Battle: Sayo & Rinko

Moca and Tsugumi run into Sayo and Rinko at the studio. They're able to exchange greetings peacefully, but will it stay that way...?

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Moca: Hello~. I have a reservation. The name's Moca Aoba~.
Tsugumi: Ah, Moca-chan! Are you also here for some solo practice?
Moca: Is that why you're here, too, Tsugu? My, what a coincidence~.
Sayo: Excuse me. I have a reservation for Studio A under the name Hikawa... Hm?
Rinko: Ah... Huh? Hikawa-san...? Aoba-san, Hazawa-san... You're here, as well... H-Hello...
Moca: Good day to you~. Are you two also here for a private rehearsal~?
Rinko: Y-yes... Thinking about the performance... has made me nervous... I can't relax unless I get in some practice...
Tsugumi: I completely understand! No matter how much I practice, it never feels like enough.
Sayo: Understandable. This is a very important performance for both bands.
Moca: Ho-ho~. No lack of motivation in this crowd~.
Moca: Still, Ran has managed to stir up trouble, hasn't she~? You could say she's the cause of this quarrel or, at the very least, let herself be the spark that started the fire~.
Moca: Well, Roselia's show was amazing enough for a burning rivalry to flare up within her, so maybe forgive her just this once~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan! I don't think this is the time or place to bring that up...
Sayo: Aoba-san. You are as equally passionate about this ordeal, are you not?
Tsugumi & Rinko: Huh?
Moca: Who, me? Oh, is that how I seem~?
Sayo: Very much so. Hazawa-san, you once said that members of Afterglow practicing by themselves is a rare occurrence.
Sayo: That you always enter the studio with at least two members.
Tsugumi: Th-that's right. If we want to practice by ourselves, we usually do it at home...
Sayo: And yet, here you both are for private rehearsal sessions. You cannot deny that this is a keen sense of rivalry.
Moca: Fufufu~. Right on the nose~.
Moca: Hey, I'm more surprised than anyone~. Surprised that Roselia would go to these lengths simply because of something Ran said.
Sayo: I didn't expect you to admit the truth so easily.
Moca: No kidding~. And it's all thanks to you, Sayo-san~.
Sayo: Me?
Moca: That's right. Seeing you have so much fun with all this, I can't help but also be frank with how I feel.
Sayo: Having fun? My, my... Perhaps we'll never know.
Moca: Fufufu~. The plot thickens~.
Rinko: (Hikawa-san... seems to be enjoying herself... I assumed it would end in an argument... but Aoba-san is also keeping a cool head...)
Tsugumi: Those two may be smiling on the outside, but those eyes tell a different story... But it's not as if they're upset... Hmm~... What do you make of this, Rinko-san?
Rinko: Wh-what I think...?
Tsugumi: Sparks are flying between Moca-chan and Sayo-san, but it seems like they're also having a pretty good time...
Rinko: I'm glad... that you see it in the same light, Hazawa-san...
Tsugumi: So, you're saying that you do, as well?
Rinko: I do. Hikawa-san is... absolutely loving this...
Tsugumi: That's a relief~. In that case, there's nothing to worry about.
Tsugumi: This feels like a rival confrontation scene straight out of a manga. "I acknowledge your strength and shall therefore not hold back!" Kind of like... Ah...
Rinko: Hazawa-san...? What's the matter?
Tsugumi: I think I may have had the wrong idea this whole time!
Tsugumi: I had assumed that Roselia thought nothing of Afterglow. But maybe that's not true at all...
Rinko: Hazawa-san... Uhm... About that...
Rinko: I believe you will... find your answer... after participating in the joint concert... That is... all I can say for now...
Tsugumi: Rinko-san... Okay! I understand!
Tsugumi: What you want is for me to find the answer on my own. If so, then I'll approach this with everything I have!
Moca: Ohhh~? Tsugu, when did your mood turn so Tsugurific~?
Moca: Okay, then~. Now that we are all pumped up, it's time to practice till we drop~.
Tsugumi: Yeah! Let's give it all we've got!
Moca: Then again, we'll be playing separately. But no sense stressing about the little details~.
Moca: Hey, I think this moment actually calls for a certain something. Afterglow~. Hey, hey, hoh~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, you purposely choose to do that when Himari-chan's not around, don't you...?
Rinko: Hikawa-san. We should start... as well...
Sayo: Indeed. Because this is one bout that we will not lose.
