event60-02 Chapter 1: Yukina's Thoughts

Yukina accepts Afterglow's challenge. But for what purpose...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After The Show]

[Walking Home]

Sayo: That whole ordeal took a rather bizarre turn.
Ako: Yeah...
Lisa: Yukina, you were in the wrong there. After we tried our best to resolve the misunderstanding, too.
Rinko: Uhm... Yukina-san. Why... did you accept Mitake-san's proposal...?
Rinko: If you had discussed the issue... I believe we could have come to an understanding. I know... you were aware of that...
Sayo: I agree. Going so far as to interfere with our mediation is not something I'd expect from you.
Yukina: I thought... it was a good opportunity.
Ako: What do you mean?
Yukina: Well, until now, we've had our eyes solely on creating music for ourselves. We paid no mind to the competition.
Yukina: Of course, there is nothing inherently wrong with that. Dealing with and believing in our own music is important. However, are we truly satisfied with just that?
Sayo: Are we satisfied? What do you mean?
Yukina: We are aiming for the top. No, we're still trying to figure out what the top even is.
Yukina: As such, we have no reason to simply repeat the same things over and over.
Yukina: What does it mean to reach that pinnacle? We must do whatever offers us even the remote possibility of finding the answer to that question. That is what was going through my mind.
Lisa: Yukina...
Sayo: I understand. What you're saying is that Roselia is in need of a new challenge.
Yukina: Precisely. Though I did not expect it to result in a joint concert.
Lisa: That makes sense. But come on, was it really necessary to have a spat with Afterglow like that?
Yukina: Yes. This was the best outcome. With this, the Afterglow that we face will bring the best they have to offer.
Yukina: They'll lash out with all of their might in fear of losing to us. To overcome that Afterglow, we'll push back in a desperate struggle. And there's a reason to want that.
Sayo: True. Being unwilling to constantly overcome one's own limits is what prevents dreams from becoming reality.
Sayo: Though the method of handling it was somewhat coercive, I agree. If our opponent comes at us with half-baked resolve, the fruits of our labor will be equally spoiled.
Ako: So, in other words... to help Roselia become even better, we're going to butt heads with Afterglow... Yeah?
Rinko: Yes... We must obtain more experience points... if we are to level up... It is similar to that...
Ako: I get it now! You need to down the strongest monsters if you want to level up! If that's how it is, then I'm on board...!
Yukina: It appears as though you now understand.
Ako: Yeah! Of course! Good thinking, Yukina-san! Such powerful words!
Lisa: Alright, but to suddenly start talking about acknowledging a rival? I don't know about all that~.
Rinko: Yeah... Up until now... we've only focused on... our own music...
Sayo: Perhaps our horizons have been broadened. It's possible that our past selves simply did not have the capacity to recognize such a thing.
Yukina: Moreover... There's something I would like to confirm about Mitake-san.
Ako: About Ran-chan?
Yukina: Yes. Though only on occasion, I have noticed her tendency to behave stubbornly towards me.
Yukina: Not hatred. Something slightly different. But I wasn't able to pinpoint the exact feeling.
Lisa: And you actually care to find out what it is?
Yukina: Yes. Is that so strange?
Yukina: By accepting her challenge, I thought that I could come to understand her a little better than before.
Lisa: I get you. The real reason, though, is to help Roselia level up as a band. If so, then I see no reason to refuse!
Rinko: Agreed. Neither do I... if that's your reason.
Ako: I'm with you all the way~!
Sayo: If this challenge is for the band's growth, I have no objections.
Lisa: Then let's have a genuine, full-fledged bout to see which band can make the crowd roar the loudest!
Yukina: It goes without saying, I don't plan on losing. Let's give it all we have.
Ako: Alright! We can do it, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Yeah...!
