event60-07 Ending: VS

The girls gather to see which band is the best. And the winner is...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Joint Concert - After The Performance]

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Yukina: We are Roselia. Thank you.
Audience Member 1: That was amazing~! I can't believe I missed out on Roselia's music until now. I definitely need to check out their albums!
Audience Member 2: Same! I'll have to see what Afterglow has to offer too! You should tell me which tracks you recommend!
Audience Member 3: Hey, can we grab a bite to eat on the way back? I'm dying to talk about today's show!
Audience Member 4: Nice idea! I'm all for it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Ako: Huff, huff... I-I'm beat~! But man, was that fun!
Himari: So am I~. My muscles are going to hate me tomorrow.
Lisa: Hahaha, that was a heart-racing performance! Afterglow was at the top of their game tonight!
Tomoe: Roselia really turned up the heat from the very first song!
Rinko: I'm so glad... that the show was a huge success... I also heard... from Marina-san... that a lot of people are now fans of both bands.
Sayo: The number of people hollering for an encore was something that I would've never expected.
Tsugumi: Me neither! Those encore chants were in perfect unison... I was thrilled to see the fans getting along so well!
Yukina: Everyone present seemed satisfied with what they saw on stage. How do you feel about the event, Mitake-san?
Ran: ... I had fun.
Ran: The ability to remain true to ourselves. To express our raw emotions, pure and unadulterated. Those are the words you said before, Minato-san.
Ran: In other words, that is what it means for us to be "the same as always."
Ran: Having realized that, I feel much better. While we were out there, all I could think about was how much fun I was having.
Yukina: Agreed. I, too, was able to focus on what was happening on stage. Still, was this not supposed to be a competition?
Ran: Ah...
Ran: D-don't go thinking I forgot about that! What did you think of our bout, Minato-san?
Yukina: This was Roselia's victory. At least, that's what I would like to say. However, today's contest was a tie. Each band received an equal amount of praise.
Ran: I hate to admit it, but you're right. Next time, though, you better believe that we'll be the victors.
Moca: Next time~? If we're doing that, why not make a song together~?
Yukina: Yes, we should seriously consider what we will do during the next concert.
Ran: I'd like to add that I now understand Roselia's true feelings. The sounds that Roselia produced are not ones that look down on Afterglow.
Yukina: Quite. If anything, it is the exact opposite.
Yukina: Afterglow's music is truly something to behold, though not due to any manner of technical superiority. Instead, it's thanks to a unique style that radiates from every one of you.
Yukina: Therefore, I thought that Afterglow must believe itself capable of creating a more exciting performance than anyone else. That's why I said your comment meant nothing to us.
Himari: So that's why you said what you did. But if you had only said that from the start, this whole mess could've been avoided...
Yukina: For that... I apologize. I wished to make use of those emotions.
Yukina: Roselia is aiming for the top. And yet, what exactly does it mean to be on top? That is something that even we could not comprehend.
Sayo: Roselia is currently searching for its own version of perfection. If we hope to find it, we must aggressively pursue each and every challenge that might offer us a chance to figure out what it is.
Ako: If you want to rake in those experience points, you have to down the big bosses! Isn't that right, Rin-rin?!
Rinko: Mhm. And being such a wonderful band... means Afterglow... is one tough boss fight...
Ran: A tough fight? Us?
Yukina: You faced us without a shred of fear. Words were exchanged, some of them a bit harsh, and yet, you all pushed back with a fierce fighting spirit.
Yukina: To clash with someone is to potentially be left scarred. However, your pride was on the line, so you chose to engage us in a musical battle.
Yukina: And that side of you is precisely why this has impacted us both so greatly and left us with this wondrous result. I always knew that kind of relationship could bloom between us.
Ran: So unless I'm mistaken, you view Afterglow, as well as myself... as rivals?
Yukina: Rivals... It would seem so. I suppose Roselia and Afterglow could be rivals.
Ran: Y-you suppose...
Tomoe: And thanks to you all, Afterglow was able to put on a performance that knocked our usual ones right out the park! Thank you so much, guys!
Moca: Sure did~. Hii-chan was able to spruce up a few of her weak points, too~.
Yukina: Roselia improved as well. We approached this show with the intent to rouse up both the crowd and our opponent, and I think this may have been our most dominant performance yet.
Yukina: Understanding what it means to be the best will not come easily. Nevertheless, we are much more skilled now than we were before.
Lisa: And you found yourself a new rival in Ran over there♪
Ran: She said we 'could' be rivals. But I'll have her acknowledge me soon enough.
Sayo: Influencing each other and raising yourselves to new heights. That is rivalry in its most ideal form.
Moca: Oh, could it be...? Is this the part of the story where the two adversaries reconcile their differences and have an intense, hot-blooded handshake~?
Ran: Moca, I thought I told you not to poke fun at me.
Yukina: No, that may very well be an appropriate gesture for us. Mitake-san. Would you care to shake my hand?
Ran: Huh?! I guess it couldn't hurt... That good enough...?
Yukina: Wonderful. May our future encounters continue to bring out our full potential.
Ran: I'm sure it will. I look forward to it.
