event60-06 Chapter 5: Before the Battle: Yukina

Ran sees Yukina as a rival, but what happens when Yukina asks her why...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Hello, Yukina-chan. Oh, that's right! You did reserve a spot for today!
Yukina: Yes, I did. Next week's performance is drawing closer. Not a single second can be spared... Not if I'm to fit in the necessary vocal drills.
Yukina: I will be making another reservation after today's session. Anyway, I must be-
Ran: I apologize for cutting it so close. The room has been cleared, so the next person can... Oh, Minato-san.
Yukina: Mitake-san. Hard at work, I see. The next person in line is me.
Ran: How nice it must be to have such leeway in practicing. You're only now starting, but I arrived two hours earlier than usual.
Yukina: Starting times have no correlation with a session's effectiveness.
Ran: Is that so? And here I thought that anyone passionate enough would want to get in as much training as possible.
Yukina: Unfortunately, I had an errand that simply could not be ignored. If we are to discuss passion, then I have more than enough.
Yukina: Today's duration will be multiple times the standard fare. Would it please you to know that I plan to rehearse for four hours?
Ran: Wha-?! O-oh yeah?! I'll be adding two hours to mine, too, then! Marina-san! Are there any available rooms?!
Marina: Yeah, no problem there...
Yukina: Mitake-san. This question has been on my mind for a while now, but... why are you so intent on competing with me?
Yukina: Wishing for your band to not be looked down upon is understandable. However, I feel as though there is more to this story...
Ran: Huh? Yeah, as if...
Yukina: It's something I've been pondering for some time. Perhaps I could speak with you for a moment?
Ran: What, now? ... Fine, I don't see why not.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Yukina: Continuing where we left off... Mitake-san, the reason why you're so determined to compete with me.
Ran: It's probably because... it's frustrating.
Yukina: Frustrating...? What is?
Ran: I don't understand it myself, honestly. What I do know is... that I don't wanna be outdone by you.
Ran: I initially could not stomach Roselia. Rambling on and on about technique this and technique that.
Ran: However, I was wrong, wasn't I? Or rather, there's more to it than that. Roselia has several heart-pumping tracks, so I figured you guys couldn't be that bad.
Ran: Not only that but... I found myself drawn in when you announced a show with a new song... and hearing Roselia being discussed in class caught my interest... but I bet you don't feel the same.
Yukina: ...
Ran: And that's what frustrates me so much. The idea that I'm so captivated by Roselia... By you. And yet, you think nothing of me at all.
Ran: You act with such indifference, even when provoked. It had me absolutely livid.
Ran: Minato-san, you are always calm and collected, able to perfectly see the destination ahead of you.
Ran: The opposite of me, someone who's stumbling in the dark. So if I could best you... despite all of those things... and do it without fumbling and making a fool of myself... then surely I can...
Yukina: Yes...?
Ran: I can... Argh! Isn't it obvious?! What I'm trying to say is that I see you as my rival, Minato-san!
Yukina: You think of me that way...?
Yukina: ... Mitake-san. Do you enjoy the songs you sing?
Ran: What kind of question is that?
Yukina: An important one. Please answer it.
Ran: As if that needs a reply. Of course I enjoy my own music.
Ran: Sure, there are areas where I'm lacking. Despite that, I continue making the best possible music I can with my current skills. That's why I never feel regret. That's why I feel so confident.
Ran: I can say, without a doubt, that I love what I sing.
Yukina: Not even a hint of hesitation in your voice. As I expected. I knew you'd answer that way.
Yukina: Mitake-san, that unwavering spirit of yours. I must confess that... I envy you.
Ran: Huh?! Where is this coming from?
Yukina: I was once filled with uncertainty, wondering if someone so inexperienced was even worthy of being a singer...
Yukina: I have a song that I treasure. One so dear to me, I couldn't help but wonder if I, a person who could not definitively say whether or not she likes singing, should even attempt to sing it.
Yukina: With the formation of Roselia, I carried out band activities with Lisa, Sayo, Rinko and Ako. Through that, my reservations vanished.
Yukina: Yet if I were posed the same question I asked you, I wonder if I would be able to answer with the same conviction. I... am still uncertain, even now.
Ran: I had no idea... This is all so weird. My image of Roselia was one of unshakable confidence, a band with Minato-san at the helm, someone who knew nothing of doubt or uncertainty.
Ran: As for myself, I love my music. Because in every note, nothing is held back. That's really all there is to it...
Yukina: And I believe that's all you need.
Ran: There you go again... Sigh... What are you trying to say?
Yukina: I find Afterglow's greatest strength to be the members' abilities to remain true to themselves and express their feelings as they are.
Yukina: And that's thanks to your ability to be true to who you are, is it not? That's why I believe you should continue on the path you're on.
Yukina: And that's not limited to your music... Yes, as you have done with me, I'd like for you to continue striking forth with those raw emotions, pure and unadulterated. Is that selfish of me?
Ran: I would say so. But... I'm not against it.
Ran: All this talk about striking forth and raw emotions, though... Sounds to me like you think I'm arrogant. Do you?
Yukina: Well... That is to say...
Ran: So you do...
Yukina: I apologize. I've bored you with my rambling. Mitake-san. You claim to see me as your rival, but I, myself, am unfamiliar with what a rival is.
Yukina: Therefore, I am unfortunately unable to answer whether I feel the same towards you. I believe that... the answer will present itself during our performance.
Ran: You said it before: "Nothing speaks louder than music." Everything will be made clear during our concert, from your answer, to what Roselia thinks of Afterglow...
Ran: And since that's the case, all that's left is to prove to you all that we can put on a more thrilling act than Roselia ever could.
Yukina: Indeed. An acceptable proposal. Let's bring out the best that both bands have to offer.
