event60-01 Opening: Collision

Afterglow goes to tell Roselia what they thought of their concert...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Himari: Sigh~. Roselia sure is amazing~.
Tomoe: You said it! The atmosphere reels ya in and never lets go.
Tsugumi: I sometimes even forgot to breathe. And so did the people around me, from what I saw.
Moca: The folks near me were screaming their lungs out~. Sweat dripping all over the place and everything~.
Tsugumi: Roselia is a band that can draw in the crowd and immediately fire them up. They really are something else~... Right, Ran-chan?
Ran: Huh? Yeah... I guess so.
Tomoe: Yo, what's wrong, Ran? You sound a little out of it.
Moca: Ho-ho~. That's not surprising~. Minato-san is Ran's rival, so complimenting her doesn't come easy~.
Ran: Moca, stop teasing me about every little thing.
Moca: I'm not poking fun, silly~. Everything I said was true, wasn't it~?
Ran: No, it wasn't! At all! I just thought that what we can bring to the stage is way more hype than anything Roselia can-
Yukina: Afterglow giving a more rousing presentation than Roselia, you say?
Ran, Moca & Tomoe: ...!!
Himari: Y-Yukina-san! Wow, the whole group is here. Isn't it rare for you all to come down off stage after your shows...?
Ako: Ah... Well, we thought we should say hello. And we wanted to hear what you thought about the show...
Lisa: Everyone agreed that we should come down since you came out to see us. Looks like we popped in at an awkward time, though~.
Tsugumi: Uhh, well... I-I'm very sorry! We didn't mean anything by it...
Yukina: Think nothing of it.
Yukina: "No one can compete with the energy our performances bring." Such thoughts are natural for anyone. It means nothing to us, so your apology is unnecessary.
Ran: It means... nothing?
Yukina: Precisely. Besides, there's no point in comparing in the first place, is there?
Ran: And by that, do you mean we are not even worth noticing?
Himari: D-don't! Ran!
Ran: Having no point of comparison means that Roselia is superior to Afterglow. That's what you mean, isn't it?
Yukina: Well...
Ran: What's with that wishy-washy response? Minato-san, what exactly are you getting at?
Tomoe: Yeah, what are ya trying to imply with that?
Ako: Sis too...
Sayo: There was no hidden meaning. I believe it should be taken as said...
Ran: So, I was right in assuming that Roselia views Afterglow as being far beneath it?
Moca: Oooh~. Ran is getting fired up~.
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan, calm down!
Ran: I am calm!
Yukina: What exactly is it that you wish to say?
Sayo: Is it that... our intentions are perhaps not properly being conveyed?
Ako: Oh no... Sis, please listen~!
Rinko: We need to... resolve this misunderstanding...
Ran: There's no need. How Roselia views us was made perfectly clear, straight from Minato-san's own words.
Ran: As for myself, I do not believe that Afterglow is beneath Roselia. Though I suppose that actions do speak louder than words. And that's why...
Ran: Afterglow or Roselia. The band that can hold the most thrilling concert... will be decided with a head-to-head joint concert.
Ako & Rinko: Joint concert...?!
Tomoe: I'm down with that! We'll rock 'em right out of this world!
Lisa: Time out, time out! Hold the phone! A joint gig sounds like loads of fun, but does it need to be a competition...?!
Sayo: Please calm down. We have yet to make any decisions regarding-
Yukina: Very well. We accept.
Lisa: D-do you have any idea what you're saying, Yukina?! This is all a misunderstanding, so if you'd only take a moment to-
Yukina: There is no need. They wish to settle this matter with a joint concert. As such, it is only proper to consent to their proposal.
Lisa: Okay, but you do realize this is all a misunderstanding, yes?
Yukina: The details are trivial. We'll be returning to our clean-up duties now. Do contact us with your availability so we can decide on a date.
Ran: We will. Be sure not to turn us down with excuses about how you're too busy to show up.
Yukina: I would never. Try your best not to get cold feet and call the whole thing off.
Ran: That's quite the mouth you've got there. We will win. Mark my words.
Yukina: So you say. I'll be looking forward to that.
Lisa: Yukina, that's enough~. Sigh... What kind of mess have we gotten into...?
