event60-04 Chapter 3: Before the Battle: Lisa

Himari tries acting cold, but Lisa has something to tell her...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Himari: Jeez, why did Yukina-san go and say what she did? Thanks to her, Ran is all riled up.
Himari: We had been getting along better with Roselia and everything. It really did feel like things were going more smoothly than before.
Himari: Nnn, I can't get it out of my mind. Maybe grabbing a drink will help clear my head.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Himari: Not really in the mood for milk tea. Maybe I'll go for a soft drink, even though it's pretty cold outside~... Hm?
Himari: It's Lisa-senpai. Maybe she's on her way to class. Hey, Lisa-senp-...
Himari: What am I doing, calling out to her like everything's hunky-dory?! I can't just have a casual conversation with someone who I'll be competing against!
Lisa: Is that...? It is you, Himari! How's it goin'~☆ Haven't seen you around here lately~.
Lisa: You heading to the vending machine? I'll walk there with y-
Himari: Excuse me, but I'm in a hurry!
Lisa: Ah well~. Can't really blame her.
Lisa: Himari's a sweetie. If I explained the situation, she'd almost definitely hold back...
Lisa: Then again, it'd be wrong to leave her to stress out about it. Alright, then. Here goes nothing.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Vending Machine Area]

Lisa: Hmmm, what to choose~. What'd you go with, Himari?
Himari: I ended up grabbing a soda. It's a little cold out, but I wanted to clear my head, so- Wait...
Himari: (I thought I told myself not to chat so casually?! But Lisa-senpai talked to me like nothing was up, so...)
Himari: (Am I maybe misunderstanding this entire situation? Perhaps they don't really want a competition with Afterglow...?)
Lisa: That soft drink, is it the newly released one? Tea soda does seem to be all the rage right now~... Himari? You okay? Why are you spacing out?
Himari: S-sorry! I felt somewhat relieved, is all.
Himari: Things were looking a bit grim before, but you're still acting like you always do! It's obvious that I was taking things the wrong way.
Lisa: Hahaha. Sorry for making you worry.
Lisa: But are you sure that I'm truly the same old Lisa?
Himari: Huh? What do you mean by that?
Lisa: I mean... I agree with everything Yukina said.
Himari: ...!! But why...?
Lisa: I guess you can say I have something in mind. It's like I realized something after hitting a wall. That's kinda the idea. So don't expect me to be so easygoing this time around.
Lisa: The same way Afterglow sees itself as the best, we feel that Roselia is the cream of the crop.
Lisa: And if you want to change my mind, then prove it.
Himari: Lisa-senpai...
Lisa: Sorry to say, Himari, but I can't only play nice this time.
Lisa: The sense of strain between us all is a bit rough, I imagine. But this is a critical moment. For both Roselia and Afterglow.
Himari: This... is a lot to take in. I'm not sure what to think.
Lisa: In that case, maybe think about why this is so important. Alright, I'm gonna split. Looking forward to our head-to-head show.
Himari: Ah... Just when it seemed like... things were... going back to how they were before...
Moca: Hmmm~? Hii-chan, are you okay~?
Himari: M-Moca! How long have you been there?
Moca: I just got here~. So, what's wrong~? That's the face of someone who's going to start crying any second now~.
Himari: Ngh... Moca~!
Moca: Uh-oh, here come the tears~. Hii-chan, you're going to topple feeble, little Moca-chan if you hang all over her like this~.
Himari: So, like, Lisa-senpai said... She said that she agrees with Yukina-san. And she told me she can't only be nice anymore!
Moca: Lisa-san said that? Sounds like a direct declaration of war to me~.
Himari: I don't know what's going on anymore~! Lisa-senpai is starting to talk like Yukina-san does...
Moca: Hm, I see~. No more miss nice girl~.
Moca: But, Hii-chan, doesn't 'can't only' mean that she's still gonna be nice sometimes~? Which begs the question... what could she have meant by that~?
Himari: Huh? Hm, when you put it that way, Lisa-senpai did mention that this is an important step for both bands...
Himari: Her typical friendly side will get put aside, and that's for the sake of both Roselia and Afterglow... Hmmm...?
Moca: Hii-chan? What is it~?
Himari: It's like... I'm still not sure what Lisa-senpai was trying to say, but I need to do some thinking about this on my own!
Himari: I could be wrong, but this doesn't feel like a typical fight. Moca, you should take time to think about it, too!
Moca: Aw man~. Hmm~, that's fine, I guess~.
Moca: So it's for the sake of both bands~. Does this have to do with finding a worthy opponent and all that jazz~?
