event60-03 Chapter 2: Before the Battle: Ako

Tomoe has something she wants to talk about. Can Ako explain Roselia's intentions...?

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence]

Ako: I'm home~.
Tomoe: Welcome home, Ako. Ah... A bit late, I see.
Ako: Hey, Sis. Yeah, we were chatting about this and that.
Tomoe: I see... Ako, I know you only just got home, but would you mind coming to my room? I have something I want to say.
Ako: Huh? O-okay. Sure. As soon as I put my things away!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Ako: M-may I come in~?
Tomoe: Hahaha, why so polite? You always come and go as you please, right?
Ako: Yeah, but I...
Tomoe: Dude, what's with the timid attitude? Come on over here.
Ako: Okay.
Ako: (She seems calmer than I thought she'd be, but she left thinking that we Roselia members see ourselves as being above Afterglow.)
Ako: (I definitely don't want to have a fight with her... That's why I've gotta tell her. Tell her how the others feel... How I feel!)
Ako: Sis, uhm... about before...
Tomoe: Ako, sorry 'bout what happened.
Ako: Huh? Why are you the one apologizing?
Ako: You don't wanna ask me what that was all about? Or... get angry at me...?
Tomoe: No, absolutely not! Well, I was a bit annoyed after what I heard at CiRCLE, sure...
Ako: Nnn, I'm really sorry.
Tomoe: I'm not angry, I said!
Tomoe: I've been thinking about what happened. About what went down at the live house.
Tomoe: I don't know any of the specifics, but Minato-san had something on her mind too, didn't she?
Tomoe: So that's why I'm ready to listen. Go ahead and tell me. Tell me all about how Roselia feels.
Ako: Sis... Okay. I will...!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Ako: ... And that's what happened! So I guess what I'm trying to say is-
Tomoe: Calm down, Ako. You've been repeating yourself for a while now.
Ako: I have?! Well, it's like... uh... Sorry, I can't explain it properly.
Tomoe: It's fine. I think I know what you're getting at, more or less.
Tomoe: In other words, Roselia wants to compete against a strong competitor so the band can improve, right?
Tomoe: A fair-and-square, head-on battle where our fists do the talking. Then again, I guess the music does the talking for this one, doesn't it?
Tomoe: Either way, you guys have acknowledged Afterglow's ability and want to have an all-out showdown. Which is why you all acted the way you did. Am I on the right track?
Ako: Bingo! You nailed it! Perfect explanation, Sis!
Ako: I think Roselia is at its coolest when we're being ourselves... But Yukina-san is wondering if we can maybe be even better.
Ako: She said if we're aiming for the top, we need to try out everything and keep challenging ourselves!
Tomoe: Everything, huh...? Gotta admit, that Roselia is one tough cookie. Already pumping out such amazing performances but still looking to climb even higher.
Tomoe: I do think Minato-san could've been a tad less pushy, though. If only she had explained the situation a little more clearly.
Ako: Hahaha... But I don't think anything she said was off the mark. I've been thinking about it, and, like...It's kind of, uhm...
Tomoe: Having a head-to-head competition with Afterglow would give you and me a chance to not only become even cooler... but to do it together?
Tomoe: That is what we promised, after all. "We'll get even cooler. Together."
Ako: ...! How'd you know exactly what I was thinking?! You're amazing, Sis!
Ako: Sis, I wanna go up against you as the coolest me I can be! If I do, I feel like I can become even cooler!
Ako: Kerpow~! A clash of coolness! That's a surefire way for us to level up!
Tomoe: I guess you're right. Not a bad way to get better. Haha, I can't afford to lose, not after hearing that from you... From my rival.
Ako: Rivals?! Me and you...?
Tomoe: You better believe it! The two of us going at it on a level playing field as we become cooler. If that doesn't make us rivals, then I don't know what does.
Ako: Sis and I are... rivals...
Ako: Oh man, I couldn't be happier! I have my own rival. Alright! Sis, you and I are fated adversaries locked in an eternal struggle!
Tomoe: We sure are! And through our sparring, we'll head towards that pinnacle of cool!
Ako: You bet! But phew, what a relief. When you initially said you had something to say, my heart practically twisted into a knot.
Ako: I was worried that misunderstanding would ruin our relationship... Uh-oh.
Tomoe: Hm? What's wrong, Ako?
Ako: I've, uhm, got a favor to ask. Please don't tell Afterglow about our little chat today.
Ako: I hate to see everyone having these misunderstandings, but it kinda feels wrong for me to spill the beans...
Tomoe: Nah, that makes sense. The whole thing will be pointless if the others don't reach their own conclusions. Biting my tongue is gonna feel brutal, but I won't say anything.
Tomoe: We'll focus on you and me. Drumsticks drawn. The ultimate showdown.
Ako: Yeah! Thanks, Sis!
Ako: Ako Udagawa, drummer of Roselia... will show you just how hard she can bring down the house!
Tomoe: And Tomoe Udagawa, drummer of Afterglow, will give you the fight of your life. No holding back.
Tomoe: We'll bring out the best in each other!
Ako: Yeah!
