event114-01 Opening: Nanami's Favorite

Nanami and Arisa meet by chance on their day off. Nanami asks for a favor...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hina Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Okay, I bought pruning shears and tweezers... Now to get some snacks for everyone~... Nah, I'll do it when they come tomorrow.
Arisa: ... Hm? Over there, is that...?
Nanami: Sigh, I hope they still have some at this station~...
Nanami: I can't believe that out of all the ones I bought, none of them were winners... Ooo, what bad luck~...
Nanami: Ah, Arisa-senpai...!
Arisa: Ah, I thought so. Hey, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Hello, fancy running into you here~. Are you out and about today?
Arisa: Yeah, I'm picking up a few things. I was just about to go back home.
Nanami: Doing some shopping, huh~? Oh, that reminds me. Thank you very much for inviting me to the sakura party the other day. I had a lot of fun~.
Arisa: No, it's not like I did anything special. I'm glad you had a good time, though.
Nanami: It gave me a chance to speak with so many wonderful people. Rimi-rin-senpai and I had a blast talking about horror movies and stuff.
Arisa: She did mention making a new horror buddy. The idea of getting new horror movie recommendations really made her day.
Nanami: Wow, I'm glad to hear it. And here I was worried that I got carried away and talked too much...
Arisa: Haha, Rimi said the same thing. You're planning to check out one together, right?
Nanami: Yes, we agreed to go see a new film once it is released, so I'm looking forward to that~. Ah, would you like to join us, Arisa-senpai?
Arisa: No, I'll pass... I'm not too good with horror. Thanks, though.
Nanami: No problem~. Let me know if you ever change your mind~.
Arisa: (Nanami-chan is such a sweet kid...)
Arisa: (So this is what it's like to be the one people look up to. It's all so new to me. I've never had this kind of relationship before...)
Arisa: You can also come to me if you ever need anything. I mean... since I'm an upperclassman and all.
Nanami: Wow, thank you so much! I do have something I'd like to ask, actually...
Arisa: Oh, what's up?
Nanami: You see, there is a certain snack I'm looking for. I'm not too familiar with the shops around here, so could you tell me where the nearby convenience store or supermarket is~?
Arisa: A s-snack?
Arisa: (Now there's a question I didn't expect...)
Nanami: Yes, it's a pretty popular one, so I thought you might know about it...
???: Arisa-chan! Nanami-chan!
Arisa: Hm? I recognize that voice...
Hina: Hey there~! What're you two up to?
Arisa: Hina-san...
Nanami: Nothing in particular. We just ran into each other and decided to have a little chat~. How about you, Hina-senpai?
Hina: Me? I just got done with a photo shoot. Eve-chan and I were modeling for a fashion magazine!
Nanami: I knew that Eve-senpai works as a model, but I had no idea that you did too, Hina-senpai.
Hina: Yeah, it's a magazine that's popular with high school students, so they wanted a real student to work with~.
Nanami: Popular with high school students, huh...? I'll be sure to buy a copy if I see one!
Hina: Hahaha, thanks! Anyway, did I hear you guys talking about looking for snacks?
Nanami: Yes, there is one in particular that I really want~. I already bought all of the stock near my house and school, so I came here to look for more.
Arisa: A-all of them?!
Hina: Whoa, you must really like them to buy that many~.
Arisa: No way, I think that goes way beyond just liking them...
Nanami: They're limited edition and won't be around for much longer~. That's why I'm looking for whatever is left.
Hina: Oh~, so if you don't get them now, then you'll never get to eat them ever again.
Nanami: Ah, I guess you could put it that way~.
Hina: I see~. Say, mind if I tag along? I'd like to try one before they're all gone!
Nanami: Not at all~. Are you sure that you're not too busy?
Hina: Yeah, I'm free for the rest of the day!
Hina: Besides, you and I didn't get to talk much during the sakura party, Nanami-chan, and I'd like to fix that!
Nanami: Wow, thank you so much. I would love to spend more time speaking with the both of you~.
Hina: Alright, then the three of us are off to do some snack hunting~!
Arisa: Wait, that includes me?
Hina: Huh? You aren't coming? I assumed you were on board.
Arisa: (Ran-chan often mentions how Hazawa-san gets wrapped up in Hina-san's antics...)
Arisa: (Looking at it that way, I can't leave Nanami-chan to fend for herself~... Besides, I wanted to pick up some snacks for later anyway...)
Arisa: Okay then. I'll join you.
Nanami: Arisa-senpai, Hina-senpai, thank you so much~. Hehehe, I can't believe I get to go shopping with you both~.
Hina: Time to get this snack search started~!
Nanami: Yes, let's go!
Arisa: H-hold up! Stop right there!
Hina: What now~? Hurry up and let's go~!
Arisa: It might help to know what we're looking for... Maybe one of us knows a store that sells them.
Hina: Oh~, did I not ask that? What kind of snack is it, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: The very popular Eerie Island brand, of course.
Arisa: Oh, Eerie Island... Huh? Eerie Island?
