event114-04 Chapter 3: An Ordinary Detour

No matter where they look, Eerie Island is nowhere to be found. An aroma entices the tired trio…

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Downtown]

Arisa: Supermarkets, convenience stores... We've been all over the place. It's like this thing doesn't exist...
Nanami: I didn't expect that we would walk away completely empty-handed...
Hina: I'm exhausted~. Maybe I'll hit up an online auction or something~.
Nanami: I thought of that before, but there weren't any up for sale~.
Arisa: (Calling this popular does seem weird considering we haven't found it in any stores...)
Hina: No way~. That would be the easiest way, so I figured it was worth a shot~.
Nanami: Ooo, now what do we do~...? At this rate, my dream of a complete collection is a bust~...
Arisa: T-try to stay positive... I mean, think about it... W-we don't know for sure that they're all gone...
Nanami: Arisa-senpai, can you think of anywhere that might be selling them~...?
Arisa: I, uh... don't know, honestly...
Nanami & Arisa: ...
Hina: You guys are being real downers~. A little break is all we need~.
Arisa: Sh-she does have a point! What do you say, Nanami-chan? Maybe we'll think of something after resting for a bit.
Nanami: I suppose nothing good will come from being negative... Okay, let's take a break~... Huh?
Hina: Hm? What is it, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Oh, I thought I smelled something good over that way...
Hina: Sniff sniff... No, you're right...! Ah, I've got it! I know this smell!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Ah, welcome!
Hina: I knew it~! It's the smell of Hagumi-chan's place~!
Nanami: Wow, everything here looks so tasty~.
Hina: Hahaha, doesn't it? I'm pretty hungry, so let's grab a bite to eat~!
Hagumi: Yay, thanks for coming, as always! Actually, the croquettes are fresh out of the fryer!
Hagumi: If you want that crispy, fluffy goodness, now's the best time to dig in!
Arisa: That certainly makes me hungry~. One croquette please, Kitazawa-san.
Hina: And one for me too! Can't turn down a fresh croquette~!
Nanami: Okay, I think I'll have some of the spicy fried chicken, please~.
Arisa: No croquette?! I mean, if that's what you want...
Nanami: It was really hard to decide~. The croquettes we had at the sakura party were really good.
Nanami: But that red hot flair has stolen my heart~.
Hagumi: So you're a fan of spicy food, Nanamin~!
Hagumi: But it'd be a waste to not sink your teeth into these hot croquettes~. Ah, maybe I can throw in a free croquette to go with the fried chicken...
Arisa: Hey, what about the people who already bought some?!
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Hina: Ahhh, that hit the spot~! I'm stuffed!
Nanami: The fried chicken was delicious as well~. Thank you very much, Hagu-senpai~.
Hagumi: That's because we've got the best croquettes in the country~! Ah, and fried chicken too!
Arisa: Haha, you seem to be in a really good mood.
Hagumi: Hehehe, it's because you guys looked so happy eating our goods!
Nanami: ...
Hagumi: Hm? Is something wrong, Nanamin? You spaced out there for a second...
Nanami: No, I was just thinking that I really feel like a high-schooler right now~.
Arisa: Ah, yeah, it's kinda like one of those scenes where a bunch of students grabbing a bite to eat on their way home from club activities~.
Hagumi: We often go out to eat after our softball games! Ice cream in the summer, and meat buns in the winter!
Nanami: Wow, that sounds nice~. I've always wanted to do something like that~.
Hina: Hahaha, is that really something worth fantasizing about, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Well, the students at my school aren't exactly the type to buy snacks like that~...
Arisa: Oh, I guess it's kind of hard to imagine fancy girls standing around eating croquettes after school.
Nanami: That's why I thought that... It's nice to be here with you all~...
Nanami: ... Sigh, I'm so glad I decided to join a band~.
Hina: Ah, I get what you mean! My life has been filled with non-stop boppin' fun since I joined a band♪
Hina: Anyway, all that food has made me sleepy. I say we call it quits for today~.
Arisa: Hey, don't just decide that for yourself! What are we going to do about Nanami's snack hunt?
Hagumi: ...? Snack hunt?
Nanami: You see, I'm looking for a particular snack, but we're not sure which stores are selling it~.
Hagumi: Oh, okay! I know a place that sells snacks!
Hina: Oh~?! Where, where?!
Hagumi: The candy lady's place!
Arisa: Candy lady... Now there's an interesting name...
Nanami: And what kind of store does she run~?
Hagumi: One that sells cheap snacks and candy! I bet she'll have what you're looking for!
Arisa: Oh, that must be the one Saya occasionally brings up. She brings us candy from there sometimes when we have rehearsals.
Nanami: Do they have anything like this? It's called Eerie Island, and each one has a prize inside...
Hagumi: Snacks with prizes inside, huh? Sure, there are tons!
Nanami: T-tons?! We've finally found our first big lead~.
Hina: Alright, our next stop is the candy lady's place~!
Arisa: And this coming from the person who wanted to go home...
Hagumi: Here, let me show you the way! It's kind of hard to find if you don't know where to look~!
Nanami: Oh, will you be joining us, Hagu-senpai? Thank you so much~.
Hagumi: Hehehe, just follow my lead, everyone!
Nanami & Hina: Okay~!
