event114-05 Chapter 4: Sweet Nostalgia

The group follows Hagumi to the candy store. Nanami's eyes sparkle upon seeing a new world of sweets.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Candy Store]

Hagumi: Excuse us~! Huh...? Did the candy lady step out or something?
Nanami: Wow...! This is my first time coming to a candy store like this~!
Arisa: Wow, really? Fufu, it's like a princess taking her first steps out of the castle.
Nanami: Hahaha... I've seen these kinds of stores in manga or TV shows but never up close like this...
Hina: Whoa, this place is packed full of candy! Check it out, they've got stacks as high as the ceiling! How is anyone supposed to reach the top of that?
Nanami: This is such a blast from the past... It's exactly like how I've always imagined it.
Arisa: Wow, they've even got big value packs of snacks. Maybe I should start shopping here for snacks for our basement gatherings.
Nanami: Toko-chan and the others would flip if they knew about this place~. I'll be sure to bring them here some day~.
Hagumi: Yeah, I bet the candy lady would love that!
Hina: So where are the prize-filled snacks at?
Hagumi: Oh yeah! Just a second~... Found them! See, this is what you've been looking for, right?!
Arisa & Nanami & Hina: ...
Arisa: Hold on, you're kidding, right? This isn't what we're looking for! It says "Chompion Quest" right there on the box!
Hagumi: Huh?! Didn't you guys want snacks with prizes in them?
Arisa: Yeah, we do, but... This is like explaining the difference between a smartphone, an electronic dictionary, and a computer to my grandmother...
Nanami: We're searching for the Eerie Island series. It's an entirely different brand~.
Hagumi: N-no way! I'm sorry, Nanamin...
Nanami: No problem~. You helped me experience my very first candy store~.
Hina: The one Hagumi-chan showed us is for something called "Chompion Quest: Across the Tokaido." Maybe it's some kind of anime for kids.
Arisa: Sure looks that way... I think the samurai is the main character, and the rice ball thing is his sidekick...
Nanami: The samurai is named Chompion. He's always hungry, no matter what~. Every episode is pretty much the same, with him chowing down on his partner, Riceboy, whenever he's in a pinch.
Arisa: H-how do you know all this...?
Nanami: All of this information can be found in the included booklets~.
Arisa: Booklets...? Hold on, do you collect this series too?
Nanami: I actually already completed that one~. I have these and every other brand on this shelf here.
Arisa: For real?! But there must be at least twenty different series here...
Nanami: And...? Ah, I have all the ones on that shelf too~.
Arisa: H-how many of these things do you buy...?
Hina: Hey, do you have this one? I kinda like the constellation key chains that come with it~.
Nanami: Oh~! You have good taste, Hina-senpai! That is a Hiromachi favorite~!
Hina: Really? Do they have a Pisces one? I want to get a set for me and Sis~.
Nanami: Every zodiac constellation is available~. They list the included items on the side of the box, so it should be easy to find a matching set~.
Nanami: They're actually rather detailed, with the brightness and shape of each star being different~. I have the Gemini one with me if you'd like to see~.
Hina: Wow, you're right! Castor and Pollux are different colors~. And so are Alhena, Mebsuta, and Wasat.
Nanami: That's right~. These aren't your typical snack prizes.
Hagumi: You totally lost me, but I wouldn't mind having a Leo one!
Arisa: (It's amazing how Kitazawa-san can join in without any idea of what's going on...)
Arisa: (Hina-san and Nanami-chan seem to be hitting it off as well...)
Nanami: This store really is something else though~. They have a lot of worthwhile prizes up for grabs. I'll be sure to add this to my personal list~.
Hagumi: Hehehe, I'm glad you like it, Nanamin~.
Nanami: I'm not familiar with these kinds of shops, so it's like a whole new world to me~.
Hagumi: Hehehe, I can show you around the other stores downtown sometime! There are a ton of great places to see!
Nanami: Wow, that sounds like fun~!
Hagumi: Oh, by the way, Nanamin, do you have this brand here?
Hina: That one caught my eye too! I'll get one for myself if you are.
Nanami: Yes, I've collected those as well~. You see...
Arisa: S-stop right there! I know you're excited and all, but we still need to go find a place that sells Eerie Island...
Hagumi: Aa-chan... We can't!
Arisa: Huh? Why not?
Hagumi: Because the candy lady loves talking with her customers!
Arisa: Ah, now that you mention it... I think the reason Saya gave for being late one time was chatting with her...!
Hagumi: I believe it~! She'll sometimes go on for half an hour~!
Arisa: Ah, but I don't think she's here, so if we leave now-
Candy Lady: Oh my, it's Hagumi-chan. Did you bring friends with you?
Hagumi: Ah, it's the candy lady! These are my band buddies~.
Candy Lady: Are they now? Well, you came at the perfect time~. I received a lovely present from the woman next door, so feel free to have some for yourselves. And let's not forget...
Arisa: (Th-this might take a while...)
