event114-02 Chapter 1: Familiar Packaging

Hina and Arisa have no idea what they're looking for. Nanami shows them a picture, but…

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hina Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Nanami-chan, that eerie thing you mentioned just now... Was that really the name of the snack...?
Nanami: Huh? Of course it is~. You've eaten an Eerie Island before, right?
Arisa: Um, this is my first time even hearing of it, much less eating it...
Nanami: Huh~?! Really? What about you, Hina-senpai...?
Hina: Hmmm~... Nope, doesn't ring a bell~! I might have seen it somewhere before, though.
Nanami: Wow, I can't believe you've never heard of Eerie Island... Wait, could it be... Are you two not really big on snacks?
Hina: I eat 'em all the time!
Arisa: Hang on, I don't think that's the issue here... Eerie Island isn't exactly a fitting name for a snack...
Nanami: It's certainly a name with some impact to it~. Maybe you've never heard of it, but I bet you've seen the package it comes in. Um, let me look it up on my phone... Okay, here it is~.
Hina & Arisa: ...
Nanami: See, everyone knows this packaging~.
Arisa: N-nope... Can't say that I do...
Arisa: (What in the world am I looking at...? That yokai art is creeping me out... Any kid who saw this would run home crying...)
Hina: What is this?! It looks like some kind of horror movie poster!
Nanami: Hmmm, I guess you haven't seen this before~. That's surprising considering how popular it is~...
Arisa: (Surprising...? I can't imagine this lying around with other snacks... Is it really all that popular?)
Nanami: Oh my, Arisa-senpai... Were you just wondering if it's really as popular as I say it is?
Arisa: ...?!
Nanami: They have ads for it in magazines and everything~. "The spooky sensation sweeping the nation!"
Arisa: Is there some kind of supernatural fad that I'm not aware of...?
Hina: Hey, Nanami-chan. It says there's a special prize inside. What do they mean?
Nanami: Each one comes with a special yokai figure~. I've got a ton of them... See, have a look.
Hina: Whoa, this one has a bunch of eyeballs on its arms~. So gross! Does it have a name?
Nanami: It's called a dodomeki. This one is pretty common~.
Arisa: What kind of totally weird prize is that...? Nanami-chan, do you buy this snack to collect the yokai figures?
Nanami: Yes, I have most of them, but there's a secret rare one that I'm still missing~.
Arisa: (I-I don't get the appeal of these at all, but I guess a horror movie fan would be into mythical monsters like yokai...)
Hina: Whoa~. Is the secret prize even weirder than these~? Now I want one for myself!
Arisa: Huh? Hina-san, are you being serious?
Hina: I mean, wouldn't having one in the student council room really spice up the place?
Hina: Oh, I know. I can show it off to Aya-chan too~. I bet it'll really freak her out~!
Arisa: Wait, do we need to drag Aya-senpai into this?!
Nanami: If you scare Aya-senpai too much, won't there be a repeat of that minor incident from before~?
Arisa: Minor incident?
Nanami: I read about it in one of their magazine interviews a while back~. Some ghost spooked her so badly that she ran off, and no one could find her.
Arisa: You call that minor?! Sounds like a big deal to me!
Hina: Ah, I remember that~! Talk about a wild time~! Then again, it's not like she left the haunted house or anything.
Hina: You've got a pretty good memory. That interview was from about six months ago.
Nanami: I wasn't that far back, actually~. It was exactly four months ago.
Arisa: How did she...?! Is her memory photographic or something...?
Hina: Hey, speaking of incidents with Aya-chan, there are a lot more where that came from! I'll never forget the time...
Arisa: No, I think that's enough! This conversation is already way off track as is...
Hina: Hahaha! I just got so excited~. Okay, now that we know what to look for, let's get searching!
Nanami: Yay~!
Arisa: Y-yay~...
