event114-06 Chapter 5: A Memory Fragment

The candy store doesn't stock Eerie Island either. Suddenly, someone calls out to the disappointed Nanami...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Downtown]

Hina: Man, that was so much fun! Look at how much I bought~!
Hagumi: I got a lot too! And they came with little food figurines!
Nanami: I hope you draw the figurines you're aiming for~. Arisa-senpai, did you not buy anything for yourself?
Arisa: No. To be honest, it didn't seem like the right time...
Hagumi: Huh? Why the long face, Aa-chan?
Arisa: I didn't think we'd actually be stuck there for half an hour... And why did she single me out for all of her questions?
Hina: Hahaha, You've got an aura that old ladies love, don't you, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Uh, what kind of aura is that...?
Hina: In the end, they didn't have what Nanami-chan's looking for either.
Arisa: Apparently not... Kitazawa-san, do you know any other places that might carry it?
Hagumi: Hmm, nothing comes to mind if you've already checked out the supermarkets and convenience stores...
Nanami: Ooo, I've brought shame to the Hiromachi name... There should still be plenty in stock, and I can't find a single one...
Lisa: Hm? Hey, guys~!
Nanami: Ah, Lisa-senpai... Good evening~. Are you finished with work for the day~?
Lisa: Yeah, I just got out~. Oh, I see that Hagumi has joined the crew!
Hagumi: I'm helping out with the snack hunt~!
Lisa: I see. Hm? And by that, you mean...
Arisa: Yeah, we still haven't found any...
Lisa: That's too bad... Before I left, I asked our manager if we had placed any orders for that snack, but it turns out we haven't...
Nanami: I see~... I apologize for making you go through all that trouble.
Lisa: No, it was no problem at all! I hate that you still haven't found any, though...
Lisa: Hey, Nanami. Do you mind showing me that picture one more time?
Nanami: ...? Not at all... Here you go~.
Lisa: ... Mhm. I've definitely seen this somewhere before.
Hagumi: Huh~?! Really?! Where, where?!
Lisa: That's the part I can't remember... Which is why I thought it was all in my head at first...
Hina: If it wasn't at your workplace, then maybe it was at CiRCLE?
Arisa: No way, everyone would have made a big fuss over something this weird!
Hina: True. It still creeps me out, no matter how many times I see it~.
Arisa: I'm with you there... Ugh, I'm totally going to have nightmares tonight...
Lisa: ... Ah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: This is going to give me nightmares tonight...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: That's it...! Tsugumi!
Hagumi: Huh? Tsugu?
Hina: Wait, Tsugu-chan collects yokai figures too?
Arisa: Huh? Now there's an unexpected hobby...
Lisa: No, no. Nothing like that~... Tsugumi said something similar when she saw that packaging at school!
Arisa: Huh? Are you saying that they sell those things at Haneoka...? Why...?
Hina: At least we know where to look now, so let's go~!
Nanami: Yes, we should hurry! Before someone else buys them all...!
Lisa: I, uh~... don't think that will be a problem~...
