event114-03 Chapter 2: Convenience Store Foraging

In search of Eerie Island, the trio go to the convenience store and ask Moca and Lisa for help…

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Convenience Store]

Moca: Salutations~... Ah, Hina-senpai~.
Lisa: Arisa and Nanami are here too! Now there's a group I didn't expect~.
Nanami: Hm? Lisa-senpai, Moca-senpai...? What are you doing here?
Lisa: Um... We work here?
Nanami: Oh, you have part-time jobs...!
Lisa: Wh-what's with that reaction? Isn't it normal for high school students to work part-time?
Nanami: It is, but not a single person at my school has a job~.
Arisa: Yeah, I can't imagine anyone from Tsukinomori would. I hear that everyone there is pretty well off.
Nanami: Right, that's why it's a little strange for me to know someone who works~.
Lisa: Now I get it~. For me, it'd be weirder to be surrounded by people who don't!
Nanami: And by that, is it safe to assume that a lot of your friends have jobs as well?
Lisa: Hmmm, let's see... Aya has one, and so does Eve. I know Hagumi, Saya, and Tsugumi help out their family businesses... So yeah, I'd say so.
Nanami: I see, that is quite a lot~. Maybe I should get one too~.
Lisa: Oh, why not?! You won't know how it is until you give it a try~.
Moca: Indeed, the path through life is paved with experience~.
Hina: Alright, that's enough talk about jobs! Let's hurry and ask if they have any!
Nanami: Ah, right~. You see, we're looking for a certain brand of snacks~.
Arisa: Each one comes with a small prize inside. I mean, you probably don't have them, but...
Nanami: Here, this is what it looks like. Have you seen anything like this image~?
Moca & Lisa: Oho~...  Whoa!
Lisa: Th-that's some freaky packaging... Then again, I feel like I've seen it before... Moca, do you remember putting something like this out on display?
Moca: It's not your typical box art, that's for sure~. Can't say I've seen it before~.
Lisa: Yeah, I don't recall putting out anything like that... Must have been my imagination. My bad! We probably don't sell any here!
Hina: Aw, too bad~. And here I thought they'd be easy to find~. You said it's popular, right?
Nanami: Yes, the magazine definitely said it is an extremely hot item right now~. It was written in a big font and everything~.
Arisa: ... I've been meaning to ask you, Nanami-chan. What sort of magazine was this in, exactly?
Nanami: This month's "Supernatural Encounters," of course~.
Moca & Lisa: ...?
Arisa: (Lisa-san and Moca-chan definitely have no idea what that is...)
Arisa: (The title alone is enough to raise a few eyebrows...)
Nanami: H-huh? Have you never heard of that magazine...?
Hina: Ah, I have! I've got a copy with me right now! This one, right?!
Arisa: Huh?! You do?!
Hina: It covers things like confusing conspiracy theories, the hollow earth theory, and all sorts of other weird stuff! I love it!
Arisa: I thought it might be some kind of occult magazine... Wait, Hina-san, do you actually read that?
Hina: Yeah, do you remember that science fiction movie we shot a while back? The one about a subterranean creature who crash lands its spaceship, and we help it get back home.
Lisa: Ah, Mo-chan, right? Is that it? I do remember a movie with a mole person in it.
Hina: Bingo! This magazine was one of the props that they used during filming~.
Hina: I've been buying my own copies ever since~. But wow, I never expected Nanami-chan to be a fan too~.
Nanami: Someone at our horror club buys a new one every month. One time, I stepped out of the room for only five minutes and found the latest issue when I came back~.
Arisa: Nanami-chan, that should be setting off way more alarm bells than it is...
Nanami: Anyway, the ad was on page ninety-two, in the upper-left corner of an article titled "Kappa Sightings Across the Country."
Arisa: You know, I already thought so before with the whole Aya-senpai thing, but that memory of yours is nuts.
Nanami: Th-that's not true at all~. I just happened to remember that. My memory is completely normal~.
Hina: Page ninety-two... Ah, here it is! Look, Arisa-chan! "The spooky sensation sweeping the nation!"
Nanami: That's a relief~. I was worried that maybe I got it all wrong~.
Arisa: Hahaha... Would you look at that...
Arisa: (I wouldn't exactly call this magazine a credible source of information, though...)
Hina: In any case, we struck out here, so let's go look somewhere else!
Nanami: You're right~. Our first stop didn't pan out, but I'm sure the next place will~.
Lisa: Hahaha... I hope you find some. Sorry that we couldn't help.
Nanami: No problem~. Thank you very much, Lisa-senpai, Moca-senpai~.
Moca: Cheers~.
(Black cut)
Lisa: ... Hey, Moca?
Moca: What is it~?
Lisa: Have you really never seen that snack before?
Moca: Huh~? I most certainly have not~.
Lisa: ... I see.
Moca: Why do you ask~?
Lisa: I thought I was imagining things, but... I swear I've seen that box art somewhere...
