event114-07 Ending: Island, Open!

The girls arrive at Haneoka Girls' Academy. Will Nanami finally find her Eerie Island?!

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: I get so nervous being at another school~... Not to mention the fact that we're here on a day off in our regular clothes...
Hina: Stop worrying so much! The teachers gave us permission when we asked!
Arisa: I was so sure they would blow their tops when you said your reason for coming was to buy junk food...
Lisa: Hahaha... I think they overlooked it because it's Hina...
Hagumi: I hope we can finally find your snack this time, Nanamin!
Nanami: Hehehe, I do too~. It would be nice if they had a bunch of stock left~.
Hina: Say, where at school did you see it, Lisa-chi? I don't remember anything like that being here...
Lisa: Hahaha, I thought you might not know... It all started when we went to the school store the other day...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Prior]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Store]

Lisa: ...? Wow, it sure is noisy over there...
Tsugumi: Ooo... They're not selling at all...
Lisa: Ah, Tsugumi! Are you alright? And what's with this crowd...?
Lisa: ... Whoa, what in the...?! That thing is giving me the creeps!
Tsugumi: Ah, Lisa-senpai! That's, um, a new brand of snack food for sale...
Lisa: Oh, so that's what it is... Wait, it's a new product...?
Tsugumi: Yeah, the student council submitted a request to the school store to supply new types of snacks...
Tsugumi: This was after we held a survey and found out people wanted more snacks with prizes in them to be sold...
Tsugumi: So we asked the school store for a list of potential choices. When Hina-senpai looked over it, she ended up choosing a really weird one because it sounded funny...
Lisa: Hahaha... I can see her doing that... You would think she'd change her mind after seeing the real thing, though...
Tsugumi: I know... Ooo, this is going to give me nightmares tonight...
(Black cut)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Store]

Arisa: S-so that's what happened...
Lisa: Pretty much~. But yeah, what you said earlier jogged my memory, Arisa!
Arisa: I see... Hina-san, it would have been nice if you had remembered...
Hina: Hahaha, my bad! You know, I was starting to think I'd seen it somewhere after all~.
Arisa: G-give me a break...
Hagumi: Ah, found it! Is this what you're looking for, Nanamin?!
Nanami: Wow, they still have so many~. I'm so glad it isn't sold out~.
Hagumi: Look, Nanamin! They're fifty percent off! What a steal!
Arisa: (There is no way these things are popular...)
Nanami: Wait, does this mean...?
Arisa: (Ah, has she finally realized it on her own?)
Nanami: Does this mean I can buy them all for myself?!
Arisa: Not even close...!
Hina: Of course! Help yourself~!
Hagumi: Wow~! It's like you're going on your own personal shopping spree, Nanamin!
Hina: Once you're done, let's hurry and open them over there~!
(Black cut)
Lisa: We've opened a lot of them... Which type are you looking for, Nanami? The secret rare one, right? I don't see any.
Hagumi: I don't think I can't eat anymore of these~...
Arisa: Hina-san already reached her limit with just one...
Hina: One is more than enough for me! I'd rather look at all these boppin' prizes♪
Arisa: All these yokai have turned our table into some sort of freaky alternate dimension... Have you found the secret one yet, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: No, and this is the last one... Ooo... Please, for the honor of the Hiromachi clan~...!
All: ...
Nanami: ...! Yippee~!
Arisa: Oh, you got it?!
Nanami: Yes, the Hiromachi name lives on! At last, the secret rare prize~!
Hagumi: Yay~! Congrats, Nanamin~!
Lisa: You guys searched high and low for that thing. Glad it all worked out!
Hina: So, what does it look like, Nanami-chan?! Show us!
Nanami: Fufufu, feast your eyes on this~. The ultimate prize~.
All: ...
Hagumi: It's a kappa!
Hina: Huh, it looks kind of normal for a secret rare figurine~.
Lisa: Kappa look really gross in a realistic style like this...
Arisa: Hina-san, Lisa-san! Nanami-chan has been looking all over for this, you know...
Lisa: Ah, you're right! Sorry, we shouldn't say bad things about it...
Nanami: No, I think anyone would agree that it's not very nice to look at~. I would have preferred a more adorable style myself~. I honestly don't understand why these are so popular~.
Arisa: ... Huh?
Nanami: ...? What's the matter~?
Lisa: H-huh? Isn't this what you wanted, Nanami?
Nanami: Absolutely~. My collection wouldn't be complete without it~.
Arisa: No, what we mean is, aren't you collecting these because you like yokai?
Nanami: I don't feel one way or the other about them. Collecting freebies like this is simply a hobby of mine.
Nanami: I collect many different kinds, like snack food prizes and fast food toys~.
Arisa: ... Um, so what you're saying is that it's less about the yokai and more about finding prizes?
Nanami: Yes, exactly~. I feel this urge to collect any freebies that I see~. Maybe I'll go for something a little cuter next time~.
All: ...
Lisa: So she collects any old prize, then...
Hagumi: Huh? So you've been looking for this kappa, but you don't really like it...? But you seemed so into it... My brain is starting to hurt~!
Arisa: I can't believe someone can be so passionate about collecting an item they hardly care about...
Hina: Hahahaha! I don't get you at all, Nanami-chan! You're cracking me up~! I'm so glad I helped you out with this~!
Nanami: Huh? Did I say something strange~?
