event142-02 Chapter 1: Early Morning Visitor

LOCK has plans to go shopping with MASKING, when somebody appears while she's doing her morning chores...

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Asahi Bathhouse - Rokka's Room]

LOCK (Rokka): It's my day off, but I woke up early out of habit... I guess I can clean the baths ahead of time and text Masuki-san afterward to see when she plans to come...
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK, you there~?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? This voice... M-Masuki-san?!
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Yo. Mornings are still pretty cold, huh?
LOCK (Rokka): Good morning... Wait, it's not even seven yet. Aren't we supposed to be going shopping later?
MASKING (Masuki): You're the one who wanted to spend as much time together as possible, right?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I know, but...
MASKING (Masuki): Let's go clean the baths then. You said you do it every day, didn't you?
LOCK (Rokka): What?! No, no! Cleaning them in the morning is my job.
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, we're friends, aren't we? This place have a back door employee entrance?
LOCK (Rokka): M-Masuki-san, hold on~!
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Man, that was rough~...! I had no idea cleanin' was such hard work. My arms are stiff.
LOCK (Rokka): It's because you were cleaning so hard. There was no need to use so much strength~.
MASKING (Masuki): Wish you'd told me earlier. My fingertips are still throbbin'.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, would you like some hand cream then? It'll stop your hands from becoming chapped.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, thanks... This smells like flowers. Not bad. Where'd you get it?
LOCK (Rokka): I got it the other day when I went to the mall with Ako-chan and Asuka-chan. I like it quite a bit.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh. Let's go shoppin' at that mall then. I want some of that stuff... C'mon.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? It's still eight... None of the stores will be open.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh yeah. It'll be at least two hours before any of the places open... That's a fair bit of time to kill.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Hm, wait a second. Don't they have a movie theater that opens pretty early?
LOCK (Rokka): They do? Movies are usually about two hours long, so that'd be perfect!
LOCK (Rokka): Let's see... There are two movies we should be able to get to in time for the show.
MASKING (Masuki): Nice! I've been wantin' to see this one! Crud, we gotta hurry or else we won't make it! Hurry up, LOCK!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

MASKING (Masuki): Phew, looks like we made it faster than expected. We've still got some time.
LOCK (Rokka): It's because you went so fast on your bike~...
LOCK (Rokka): Anyway, I'm kind of surprised you want to watch this one instead of the other one. I expected you to pick the action movie...
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? No way. This one may be an anime for kids, but people say it makes even adults cry.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, really~?
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, let's go grab tickets. You should bring out your student ID too.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hm? You dropped something... A photo?
MASKING (Masuki): Ah... thanks. It's an old one, so it would've been real bad if I lost it.
LOCK (Rokka): This little girl... Is this a picture of when you were little? You look so adorable~.
MASKING (Masuki): You think? That was about the time my old man started sayin' I had this mean glare. See the guy ridin' the bike? That's him.
LOCK (Rokka): W-wow, it really is the owner of Galaxy! I bumped into him yesterday!
MASKING (Masuki): And the owner of Galaxy Ramen's on the other side. The one in the back is Death Galaxy's singer.
LOCK (Rokka): So this is what they used to look like when they were young...! They look amazing, but they're more normal than I expected.
MASKING (Masuki): Hm?
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, it's just that with a name like Death Galaxy, I expected a more extreme get-up... It does have the word death, after all.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Of course they'd look normal when they're not on stage.
MASKING (Masuki): I think I heard this photo was from when they had a successful solo gig.
MASKING (Masuki): Back then, my old man and the guys would ride their bikes to that park for the smallest of reasons.
MASKING (Masuki): About the only thing there are some benches, but the view of the city at night from the hilltop is really something. Hard to tell from the photo, though...
MASKING (Masuki): We went there when they fought over their performance, when they finished writin' their new song... My old man constantly dragged me up there.
MASKING (Masuki): Seeing a bunch of grown men look so excited wasn't half bad, though...
LOCK (Rokka): Fufufu, no wonder you're smiling right now.
Announcer: Customers with tickets for "The Rabbits - The Miracle of Starry Hill," showing at screen two, should proceed to the entrance.
MASKING (Masuki): Crud, the movie's startin'. Let's go grab those tickets.
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! Uhhh, my wallet, my wallet~!
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Man~, I can't believe it... The movie made me cry a river...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes~... It was so amazing~...
MASKING (Masuki): You ended up cryin' even more than me...
LOCK (Rokka): Th-that's because I wasn't ready for it~...! I'm so glad I got to see it, though~...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, that scene at the end with the view of the city at night and the flower petals falling was-
LOCK (Rokka): P-please don't say any more! I don't think I can take it right now~...!
MASKING (Masuki): Phew... I'm kinda beat...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah... It looks like people are getting ready to open the stores. That means they should be opening soon.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Let's go shoppin' then.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay. It's time to take our first step to learn more about each other!
