event142-05 Chapter 4: Chasing the Galaxy

LOCK visits MASKING's house, and they get to talking about their childhoods.

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Sato Residence - Masuki's Room]

LOCK (Rokka): This is so good~!
LOCK (Rokka): I love how the melted vanilla ice cream combines with the freshly baked apple pie~.
LOCK (Rokka): The cinnamon's aroma, the sweet and sour taste of the apples, and the ice cream's sweetness all go so well together... This pie's super delicious~...!
MASKING (Masuki): You sure look like you're enjoyin' yourself. If you want, you can have two more pieces.
LOCK (Rokka): I can?! Oh, but if I eat so much now, I won't have room for dinner... What to do, what to do..?
MASKING (Masuki): Wanna take some home with you then?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I can do that?! Sigh, you're such a saint~...!
MASKING (Masuki): It's not such a big deal... I'll wrap some of this pie up for you. Make sure you don't forget.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much! Actually, there's something I've been meaning to ask for a while. When exactly did you start baking?
MASKING (Masuki): I've been doin' it ever since I was a kid.
LOCK (Rokka): I see...! That explains why you're so good at it.
MASKING (Masuki): But I'm still no good with the drums, even though I've been playin' them since before kindergarten.
LOCK (Rokka): That's not true! The way you can take any song and make it your own is really amazing. And just hearing you on the drums fills me with excitement and-
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, easy there! I was just tryin' to say I'm not satisfied with my current playin' skills, that's all.
LOCK (Rokka): O-oh, I see... I'm sorry, I just didn't expect you to say something like that... Anyway, I can't believe you've been playing since you were so little.
MASKING (Masuki): My old man and his band used to let me play the drums with them.
MASKING (Masuki): I even used to think I was a member of his band.
LOCK (Rokka): You're so lucky...
MASKING (Masuki): Hm?
LOCK (Rokka): My family never got me a guitar, but I eventually got one by slowly saving up my allowance...
LOCK (Rokka): When I was little, I used to pretend to play the guitar using one I had made out of cardboard.
LOCK (Rokka): I was still a child, so the neck broke constantly, and I had to fix it with sticky tape... I haven't thought about that guitar in ages~.
MASKING (Masuki): ... You know, you're pretty cool.
LOCK (Rokka): C-cool? Me? I don't think anyone I've told this story to has ever said something like that...!
MASKING (Masuki): You've been wantin' to play the guitar ever since you were little, and you came all the way here by yourself just to be in a band.
MASKING (Masuki): I don't think I could do somethin' like that. I just can't see myself livin' on my own.
LOCK (Rokka): Well, I was pretty desperate when I decided to come here...
MASKING (Masuki): I know you've got family here, but I'm surprised your parents never objected.
LOCK (Rokka): Actually, they did... I mean, I was still in middle school when I told them I wanted to come.
LOCK (Rokka): But when I saw Poppin'Party's concert, I decided I was going to be in a band here with people that I could see myself playing with for the rest of my life!
LOCK (Rokka): Now that I think about it, it was pretty hard to convince my parents... But I wanted to be in a band, and I wasn't about to give up.
MASKING (Masuki): Can't say I'm surprised... You're pretty darn stubborn, you know?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh?! I am...?
MASKING (Masuki): But if you ask me, that's not a bad thing. It's important to have somethin' worth stickin' to your guns for.
MASKING (Masuki): Bein' in a band is about expressin' what matters to you and goin' head-to-head if need be, after all.
LOCK (Rokka): That's exactly the kind of band I've always wanted to be in!
MASKING (Masuki): I think I figured somethin' out... That could be why we have such a hard time playin' together...
LOCK (Rokka): Hm?
MASKING (Masuki): When you're really into playin' music, you keep playin' the way that feels right for you no matter what, don't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you're that way too, Masuki-san~.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha. Won't deny that.
MASKING (Masuki): ... You and me, we're the same... We've been chasin' after what we love.
MASKING (Masuki): When I was a kid, I had people who could accept my music and who would talk back to me with music of their own.
MASKING (Masuki): But once Death Galaxy disbanded, and I tried to find my own band, I found out that nobody wanted to talk back...
MASKING (Masuki): It was always, "We can't keep up with you."
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san...
MASKING (Masuki): Well, until recently, anyway.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Do you still have some time? There's something I want us to do together!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Something to do...? Now?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! This way!
