event244-03 Chapter 2: With Wisdom and Steadiness

The girls have no clue how to plan a musical, but a certain someone has ideas...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: ... So, what do we need to prepare?
Misaki: Sigh, I knew it'd turn out this way...
Misaki: I don't know anything about musicals either, you know.
Kaoru: ... We must first decide on the script.
Kokoro & Misaki: ...?
Kaoru: Our preparations shall not begin until we agree on the topic of our performance.
Kaoru: Once we do so, we may prepare the costumes and the props. Then, we can be more particular about the stage direction.
Kaoru: During my days in the theater club, Maya and I would discuss the direction of each play.
Misaki: I-I see...
Kanon: Fufu, that's Kaoru-san for you. She knows about theater better than anyone.
Hagumi: Hmm, a script, a script... What kind of story should we do?
Kaoru: Performing an existing musical shall be difficult since we will have only an hour...
Kaoru: In that case, how does writing our own script sound? An original piece with Hello, Happy World! songs included, you see.
Misaki: Oh, then we won't have to learn any new songs.
Kokoro: So we'll come up with a story ourselves, huh? I want something that's like a fairy tale.
Hagumi: Do you mean like Hansel and Gretel?
Kanon: Or how about the Town Musicians of Bremen?
Kokoro: Yes! Having a musical that's like a fairy tale world will be so wonderful!
Kokoro: I love both Hansel and Gretel and the Town Musicians of Bremen, so let's add them to our story!
Hagumi: Whoa, sounds fun! I have other stories that I like too!
Hagumi: It's gonna be so fun to have a story with lots of different fairy tale characters showing up!
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's think about it more while looking at the picture books in my room!
Misaki: A story with different fairy tale characters? What would that be like...?
Kaoru: A tale born out of imagination so free... That is the charm of an original script.
Misaki: I've got a feeling I'll be putting everything together in the end...
Kaoru: Fufu, we are relying on you.
Hagumi: Alright. Once the script is complete, I'll read my lines a lot and memorize them~!
Kanon: You're so determined, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Oh, mhm. Memorizing things isn't my strong suit, so I figured I should do my best...
Hagumi: I'll make sure the musical will be a success! I wanna make up for what happened last time!
Kanon: What do you mean...?
Hagumi: ... Remember the time I couldn't perform in Kaoru-kun's musical?
Kaoru & Misaki: ...!
Kanon: Are you talking about the musical on White Day?
Hagumi: Yeah. I couldn't perform because of my injury... I was so frustrated.
Hagumi: I was really looking forward to being in the musical with Kaoru-kun and Mii-kun...
Misaki: Hagumi...
Kaoru: All the more reason to make our performance spectacular, then.
Kaoru: This time, we shall surely witness the scenery that I couldn't show you before.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun...
Hagumi: Ehehe, thanks! Let's make our performance full of smiles!
Kanon & Misaki: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Luxury Hotel - Suite Room]

Charlotte: Kokoro Tsurumaki agreed as planned.
Misono Butler A: We have investigated Kokoro-sama's behavioral tendencies. There was no doubt she would be interested in the event you prepared.
Misono Butler B: To involve the entire town for your goal... As expected of you.
Charlotte: This is what I came to Japan for. I will do whatever it takes.
Charlotte: An event to share my culture with my classmates?
Charlotte: Fufu, they're so naive to have fallen for that lie.
Charlotte: This is all for you, Kokoro Tsurumaki... A stage prepared to get my revenge on you.
Misono Butler A: We have already arranged to sabotage her performance as you requested.
Misono Butler B: The suits in the Tsurumaki residence should not be able to move freely in an event hosted by the Misono household.
Charlotte: Excellent. With this, Kokoro Tsurumaki's performance will end in failure.
Charlotte: She'll be embarrassed by her miserable performance and drown in an ocean of tears.
Charlotte: I have never for a moment forgotten... the humiliation you put me through.
Charlotte: The time has come...! It is my turn to give you a taste of the humiliation you brought upon me... Kokoro Tsurumaki!
