event244-02 Chapter 1: Angelic Facade

Charley apparently has a request for the girls. What could it be...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Shopping District]

Kokoro: Everyone! Come on! Over here!
Kaoru: Is this where we are to meet Charlotte-chan?
Hagumi: Wow! Look, look! It's so lively!
Kanon: The buildings and roadside trees are decorated with lights...? Oh, it looks like a big stage is being made over there.
Kokoro: Mmm~! How fun! They must be preparing for a festival!
Misaki: Is there usually a festival held around this time of year...?
Hagumi: Hmm, I don't know.
Charlotte: Fufu, there is, everyone.
Kokoro: Oh, Charley!
Charlotte: Hello, Kokoro-chan. Thank you all so much for coming.
Charlotte: We're preparing for an event called the Festival of Lights.
Charlotte: It's an event where people can enjoy a light show consisting of light displays and projection mapping.
Charlotte: And not only that, there will be fun shows by performers-
Misaki: H-hang on. It's that big of an event?
Kanon: It wasn't advertised anywhere, right...?
Charlotte: Yes, that is the case. The event was just decided the other day, after all.
Hagumi: What do you mean?
Charlotte: I was the one who requested for this event to take place.
Kanon & Misaki: Huh?!
Charlotte: People from school asked me about winter events in France...
Charlotte: I told them about the Festival of Lights, but most of them couldn't picture what it was like.
Charlotte: I thought if we held the same event in the town of Hanasakigawa, they might understand it better.
Kokoro: What a fantast-erific idea! I'm sure it'll make your classmates smile!
Kaoru: Ah, acquainting oneself with others through French culture is a fleeting idea.
Hagumi: I think so too! I can't wait to see what the Festival of Lights is like!
Kanon & Misaki: ...
Kanon: I-I knew she was upper class... but she seems a lot wealthier than what I heard...
Misaki: I thought Kokoro was the only one who could hold an event involving the whole town at whim...
Charlotte: The reason I called all of you here is actually for this event.
Hagumi: ...? What do you mean?
Charlotte: I was wondering if Hello, Happy World! could perform at the Festival of Lights.
Kanon & Misaki: Huh...?
Kokoro: Thanks a lot for inviting us, Charley!
Hagumi: Wow! Let's do it! Performing at the Festival of Lights is gonna be fun for sure!
Kaoru: Fufu, we simply cannot decline an adorable little kitten's request.
Misaki: Jeez~, you guys always agree without thinking it through~...
Misaki: ... Is what I'd usually say, but I mean, why not?
Kanon: We were just talking about wanting to do another show soon, after all.
Charlotte: Wow, thank you so much. I'm looking forward to your performance.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: ... It's time for a Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Misaki: Umm, so we need to decide what kind of show we should do for the Festival of Lights.
Misaki: We'll have an hour to perform, so we've gotta make sure the set list is good.
Kanon: Since it's an event filled with lights, it'd be nice to have a lot of upbeat and cheerful songs.
Misaki: That means our first song should be-
Kokoro: Let's do a musical!
Misaki: Yeah, our first song will be a musica-
Misaki: A musical?!
Kokoro: The musical that Kaoru was in the other day was stupend-erific!
Kokoro: The stage was sparkling, and there were so many songs and dances. I had a big smile on my face.
Kokoro: I think a musical would be perfect for an event with lots of lights!
Hagumi & Kaoru: ...
Misaki: Why do you always choose the most difficult option out of anything else~...?
Kanon: Fuee~, there's no way I can dance~...
Kokoro: Don't worry! It's super-duper fun!
Misaki: Look, that's not the poin-
Misaki: ...?
Kanon: What's wrong, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Well, Kaoru-san and Hagumi usually agree with Kokoro, but they're being weirdly quiet this time.
Kaoru: ... Ah, I simply did not imagine Hello, Happy World! would genuinely partake in a musical. I was merely shocked.
Kaoru: A Hello, Happy Musical... What a fleeting ring it has. We must have a dazzling performance worthy of the Festival of Lights.
Misaki: Huh? It's not set in stone yet-
Hagumi: ... I'm in.
Hagumi: I think a musical sounds great! No, that's not all. I wanna do it!
Hagumi: I'll do my best to make it a super fun performance!
Misaki: Like I said, we haven't decided yet-
Kokoro: Mmm~! How exciting! Let's start preparing for the musical from tomorrow!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah~!
Misaki: Ugh, I give up... There's no stopping them now...
Kanon: A musical? Will we be okay...?
