event244-04 Chapter 3: No Matter How Stormy

It's the day of the Festival of Lights, and the girls are in high spirits...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Some Time Passes...]

(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Festival Of Lights - Event Venue]

Hagumi: Oh, it's over here, guys! This is our stage!
Kokoro: How fantast-erific! It's shining so bright, and it's huge, too!
Misaki: Isn't the scenery around us way too pretty...?
Kaoru: Colorful lights paint the town in every hue... It is as if we have wandered into somewhere new.
Kanon: The view is so romantic. And there are lots of people.
Charlotte: I wish you all the best. I'll be watching over your performance as well.
Kokoro: Okay! Have lots of fun, Charley!
Kaoru: Let us begin setting up our large props for now. Then, we shall have a brief rehearsal.
Misaki: Yeah. Let's get everything ready before Michelle gets here, guys.
Kokoro & Hagumi: Okay~!
Kanon: All our things besides our costumes have already been sent to the venue in advance, right?
Misaki: Yeah. Uhh... Oh, found them.
Misaki: I think they're under those sheets there.
Hagumi: I can't wait to show the audience the backdrop of the scenery we drew together~.
Hagumi: ... Huh?
Kokoro: What's wrong, Hagumi?
Hagumi: This isn't our backdrop. It's just one of the signs for the Festival of Lights that've been placed all around.
Misaki: What...?
Kanon: The cardboard box that's supposed to have our small props has something else inside. There's equipment for the event instead...
Kaoru: Oh, how mysterious...
Misaki: This isn't the time to be calm. Where did all our stuff go anyway?
Charlotte: Perhaps... They were mixed up with the other items.
Kanon & Misaki: Huh?!
Charlotte: I am so sorry. It is all my fault. I thought they were properly taken care of...
Kanon: N-no, it's not your fault, Charlotte-chan.
Hagumi: It's a big event, after all. Getting stuff mixed up was bound to happen anyway.
Kokoro: Hey, Charley. Do you know where our things could be?
Charlotte: Yes. They should be over there...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Festival Of Lights - Storage Area]

Kanon & Misaki: ...
Hagumi: Whoa. There's so much stuff...
Kaoru: From a quick glance, it seems there are about a hundred things covered with sheets... No, there must be more.
Kokoro: So our stuff is in here somewhere?
Charlotte: This is where we store the equipment for the venue and the performers' items. So your things should still be here...
Kokoro: Okay. Thanks, Charley!
Kokoro: Let's start looking for our stuff, then! It's like we're on a treasure hunt! How exciting!
Misaki: It's not exciting at all...
Misaki: What are we gonna do, anyway? We've got so little time before our performance. Can we even find our things...?
Kanon: And even if we do find them, we'll still need time to prepare...
Hagumi: O-oh no. Will we make it...?
Charlotte: I sincerely apologize. If only I had been more careful...
Charlotte: (... As if.)
Charlotte: (If your items were so important, you should have kept them with you. How foolish must you be to hand them over to me?)
Charlotte: (Well now, show me how panicked you are, Kokoro Tsurumaki.)
Misaki: Hmm, do we look from here or think of another way...?
Kanon: A-are there things we can use as replacements...?
Hagumi: What's something that can replace our backdrop...?
Kokoro: Why don't we draw one again together?
Misaki: Nope, we don't have time for that...
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: ... What a tumultuous predicament this is. Our performance shall be an amusing one.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
