event244-07 Ending: What Is to Come and Unknown

The musical has not been going smoothly. How will everything end?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Festival Of Lights - Stage]

Michelle (Misaki): (Oh no. The lights and sound systems aren't working...)
Michelle (Misaki): (Technical issues? Can they be fixed soon...?)
Hagumi: ...
Michelle (Misaki): (I feel like we should stop the performance for now...)
Michelle (Misaki): (But if we do, all our efforts will be for nothing.)
Michelle (Misaki): (Should we even acknowledge the situation? Or do we just continue the musical like nothing happened?)
Michelle (Misaki): (What do we do...?!)
Hagumi: It's okay! Don't worry!
Hagumi: I know it got dark suddenly and it's scary, but no matter what happens, don't forget to smile.
Michelle (Misaki): Huh...? H-Hagumi?
Hagumi: Remember what we learned from watching musicals? There's no singing or dancing without smiles.
Hagumi: Let's drive this darkness away with this musical full of smiles!
Michelle (Misaki): (That line isn't in the script...)
Michelle (Misaki): (Is Hagumi improvising...?)
Kaoru: What a marvelous idea, Gretel.
Kaoru: This darkness and lack of music must surely be a challenge brought forth by the god of musicals.
Kaoru: As if saying he would not grant musicals in the fairy tale world if we are to be distraught by a minor predicament.
Kaoru: As Gretel said, let us overcome this hurdle through song and dance.
Kaoru: However, only having the five of us sing may not be enough...
Kokoro: Then let's have everyone in the human world sing with us!
Kokoro: Everyone here knows about the song that makes people smile. Am I right, everyone?
Children: Yeah~! We'll sing that Hello, Happy World! song together!
Kokoro: You all replied with so much energy!
Kanon: Th-then I'll ask the people over here...
Kanon: Umm, please clap to the beat if you can.
Adults: That's easy! Leave it to us~!
Michelle (Misaki): (Th-they're starting to get the audience involved...)
Michelle (Misaki): (I've gotta follow their lead...!)
Michelle (Misaki): Alright, everyone! Are you ready~?! The musical of smiles will begin~!
Kokoro & Michelle: Here we go!
(White cut)

[After the Performance]

[Festival Of Lights - Event Venue]

Kokoro: Mmm~! The Hello, Happy Musical was super-duper fun!
Misaki: Sigh, I can't believe you'd say that after all the issues we had.
Kanon: The equipment didn't get fixed in the end...
Misaki: Yeah. We did a musical without lighting or sound for half of the show.
Kokoro: But I think it was a performance full of smiles!
Kokoro: The audience sang with us. We've never had so many people sing like that in our usual shows!
Misaki: I don't know if we can even call that a musical... but it was a great performance for sure.
Kanon: Besides, Hagumi-chan helped us so much.
Hagumi: Huh? Me?
Kanon: You kept the performance going even when things started to go wrong, didn't you?
Kanon: We made it to the end because you helped the show go on by doing that.
Hagumi: It's because of what Kaoru-kun said. She told me I should say what I felt was right.
Hagumi: I just thought that was what my Gretel would say if something like that happened.
Kaoru: Ah, your Gretel was honest, comforting, and wonderful.
Hagumi: Ehehe, it's all because of you! Thank you!
Kaoru: ... Speaking of which, I wish to thank you all instead.
Misaki: Wait, us?
Kanon: You're always the one helping us. Did we do something worth thanking?
Kaoru: ... I have been blessed with opportunities to perform on grand stages as of late. There is no denying my feelings of fulfillment as an actress.
Kaoru: Misaki had even commented that it had been smooth sailing for me... However, I have also felt something lacking.
Kaoru: Through the Hello, Happy Musical, I have come to realize what that missing piece was.
Hagumi: ...? Missing piece?
Kaoru: It is the joy of creating a stage from scratch.
Kaoru: When I stand on a grand stage as a guest performer, everything is already in a state of completion.
Kaoru: But for the first time in a while, I encountered the joy of creating a stage from the ground up again.
Kaoru: And it made me realize how precious that sensation was...
Kanon: Kaoru-san...
Misaki: I see. That's why you were so excited when we were preparing.
Kaoru: I am deeply grateful to you all for granting me the chance to face my feelings... Thank you.
Charlotte: ...
Kokoro: Oh, Charley! What did you think of our musica-
Charlotte: Don't talk to me!
Kokoro: ...?!
Hagumi & Misaki: ...!
Kaoru & Kanon: ...!
Charlotte: Kokoro Tsurumaki. You're always getting on my nerves! Always, always!
Charlotte: I even went through the trouble of preparing a stage to get my revenge on you!
Charlotte: You'll regret what you've done...! Remember this, Kokoro Tsurumaki!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
