event244-06 Chapter 5: Inevitable

The girls manage to take to the stage, but their troubles continue.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Once upon a time, long, long ago...
Kanon: The residents of the fairy tale world were faced with a problem.
Kanon: This is a story of song and dance as performed by those residents.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: ... Ah, what is there to be done? To think there'd come a day when we would face such a predicament.
Kokoro: Oh my. You seem sad, Pied Piper of Hamelin. What are you worried about?
Kaoru: It is terrible, Rapunzel. Have you noticed fewer children read picture books as of late?
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, I suppose so...
Michelle (Misaki): It looks like there are so many fun things to do in the human world.
Kanon: Maybe they moved on to other fun things, and that's why they don't read picture books anymore...
Kaoru: It appears the Town Musicians of Bremen and Sleeping Beauty have the same worries as well.
Hagumi: Then why don't we go to the human world?
Kokoro: What are you thinking, Gretel?
Hagumi: Hansel told me there's this fun thing called a musical in the human world!
Hagumi: If we all learn how to put on a musical, I'm sure it'll be like a fun picture book that children will wanna read!
Kokoro & Michelle & Kaoru & Kanon: A musical...?
(Black cut)

[Festival Of Lights - Backstage]

Kanon: ... Phew, I was so nervous. I'm glad the beginning part went smoothly...
Kokoro: You did amazing, Kanon!
Kaoru: Your acting was simply graceful, lovely, and splendid.
Kanon: Th-thank you. Being complimented like that is a little embarrassing.
Kanon: We only just managed to be ready in time for the performance. I'm so glad we were able to make it.
Kokoro: We worked together as a team. Of course we'd make it on time!
Kaoru: Fufu, indeed. The goddess of victory smiles down upon those who persevere until the end.
Charlotte: Yes. I'm relieved your performance started smoothly as well...
Charlotte: (I went through all that trouble to hide their things, and they still found them...?!)
Kokoro: Once Hagumi and Michelle's scene is over, we're doing the next song with all of us again, right?
Kanon: Yeah. I should run through the choreography while I can.
Kanon: By the way, Hagumi-chan was worried about her lines, but...
Kanon: She didn't mess them up at all. She did well.
Kaoru: Ah, that is proof of how hard she has practiced. Lines are to be remembered not with the mind but with the heart.
Charlotte: ...
Charlotte: (Hmph, be as carefree as you want.)
Charlotte: (That was not the only trap I set for you.)
Kaoru & Kanon: ...?!
Kaoru: The stage yonder is quite lively, is it not?
Kanon: I wonder who's performing... I'll check the schedule on my phone.
Kanon: Let's see. Oh, found it. The performer for that stage right now is- Huh?
Kokoro: What's wrong, Kanon?
Kanon: Umm, this person is... a world-famous artist, aren't they?
Kanon: They've been popular lately, and their concert tickets always sell out within seconds...
Charlotte: (Yes, that's right. I made a world-renowned artist perform at the same time as you.)
Charlotte: (It's obvious which stage the crowd wants to watch, isn't it?)
Charlotte: (Even people as carefree as you would be panicking in a situation like this...)
Kokoro: I can't believe we're performing at the same time as someone that amazing... I'm so happy, Charley!
Charlotte: Huh...?
Kokoro: That means you have high expectations of our performance like you do for them!
Kaoru: You must believe us as competent as a world-renowned artist to have given us the same time slot. It is an honor, Charlotte-chan.
Charlotte: Y-yes, exactly...
Charlotte: (Of course that's not true...!)
Charlotte: (Ugh. But as long as they see the crowd going awa-)
Charlotte: (...?! They're still here?!)
Kaoru: Oh, observe the audience. My cute little kittens have come to visit.
Kanon: Oh, the kindergarteners we perform for a lot are here... They came with their parents.
Kokoro: Kaoru's fans and the people who always come to our shows are here too!
Charlotte: ...
Kokoro & Kaoru & Kanon: ...!
Kanon: Wh-what was that noise?
Kokoro: ...? There's no sound coming from the stage anymore.
Kaoru: That is not the only issue, it seems. The lights are not working...
Kanon: The other lights are fine, though. Why is only our stage affected...?
Charlotte: (... To think I had to go with my last resort that I prepared just in case.)
Charlotte: (But I'm glad I had it ready. Now, your show can't go on.)
