event244-05 Chapter 4: Joy in the Struggle

Although trouble strikes, Kaoru finds the situation comfortingly familiar.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Festival Of Lights - Storage Area]

Hagumi & Misaki: ...
Kokoro & Kanon: ...
Charlotte: (Fufu, what will Hello, Happy World! do now, I wonder.)
Kaoru: ... What a nostalgic feeling.
Kokoro: ...? Why are you saying that?
Kaoru: Well, I was reminded of similar occurrences that happened during my days in the theater club.
Kaoru: Our set was damaged just before our performance. We even forgot to bring our costumes from the club room to the theater...
Kaoru: I have been on stage with established theater troupes as of late, so those feelings have become faded memories.
Hagumi & Misaki: ...
Misaki: Wait, Kaoru-san, this is not the time to reminisce...!
Hagumi: Yeah! We've gotta figure out what to do...!
Kaoru: That is why it is essential to calm ourselves.
Kaoru: Theater exists not without troubles. No matter how thoroughly one prepares, issues are bound to arise.
Kaoru: Like the powdery snow of winter, they start falling gently before you realize it... That is how it goes.
Kaoru: However, amidst a storm, a spectacular stage is born. A stage with difficulties overcome is precious and fleeting, after all.
Misaki: Oh~, I think I get that feeling...
Kanon: When you look back at the difficult moments, they end up being good memories.
Hagumi: The close calls during softball games are the ones I remember more.
Kokoro: Oh, I have good memories no matter what.
Misaki: Well, I knew that'd be the case.
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems everyone has calmed down.
Kaoru: Well, let us weather the storm, then.
Kanon: Huh? Weather the storm...?
Kaoru: First, we shall search for the large props. These we cannot replace, after all.
Kaoru: It shall be an arduous task, but we could find them if we narrow down our search to large items.
Misaki: That's true. We could find the large props at least...
Kaoru: As for the small props, unfortunately, it would be best to admit defeat.
Kaoru: It would be an incredible miracle to find the cardboard box with our props amongst the many other lookalikes before us... but alas, it would be near impossible.
Kokoro: So what do we do about the small props?
Kaoru: If they can be made with ease, we could gather the materials from a nearby store.
Hagumi: Then I'll hurry and buy them!
Kanon: Oh, I'll help too, Hagumi-chan. It's better to split up and look.
Kaoru: For items that are difficult to make... Ah, yes. I shall ask for assistance from the theater club I used to be in.
Kaoru: They will not be exact, but some similar items come to mind.
Misaki: I see. We'll leave that to you then, Kaoru-san.
Misaki: Kokoro, let's do our best and find our large props here.
Kokoro: Yeah, of course! We'll definitely find them for sure!
Kaoru: Yes, that is the spirit. Let us enjoy the troubles we face and turn our frowns upside down.
Kokoro & Misaki: ...
Misaki: Aren't you being too lively considering the circumstances?
Kaoru: Oh, does it seem that way?
Kaoru: I am reminded of the days when Maya and I overcame struggles aplenty. Perhaps this obstacle is making my heart dance slightly.
Kaoru: But let us end our lovely conversation for now.
Kaoru: If all goes well, our performance shall be well-prepared. However, there may not be enough time for us to rehearse.
Hagumi: Ngh~... Oh no...
Kanon: What's wrong, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: I haven't memorized my lines yet... I wanted to practice before our performance...
Kaoru: ... There is no need to fret so.
Kaoru: Though your memory of your lines may not be perfect, you know how the story goes, do you not?
Kaoru: So if you forget your lines... you shall simply say what you believe is right.
Hagumi: Wait, is that okay?
Kaoru: Yes. You are the one who knows your role best, after all.
Kaoru: As long as you believe those words to be right, they cannot be wrong even if they differ from the script.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun...
Hagumi: Thanks! I feel a lot better after hearing that!
Charlotte: ...
Charlotte: (What is happening...?)
Charlotte: (This isn't what I wanted to see...!)
Charlotte: (Grr, you won't be laughing for much longer...!)
