event244-01 Opening: Love for All

The girls have been invited to a big theatrical production starring Kaoru...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Large Hall]

Kaoru: What a dark world it is... Filled with dreadful despair so deep and sadness never-ending...
Kaoru: The people I trusted stole everything from me. Fourteen years have I lived with this hopelessness...
Kaoru: Extremely long and grueling days, they were. But I shall mark the end of my days in this prison...!
Kaoru: Those who deprived me of everything shall be punished mercilessly!
Kaoru: And retribution shall come to those who trampled on me!
Kaoru: Edmond Dantès is here no longer... For I am the Count of Monte Cristo!
Kaoru: The time has come! This sweet revenge consumes me!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Shopping District]

Kokoro & Hagumi: Kaoru! Kaoru-kun!
Kokoro & Hagumi: You did amazing~!
Kaoru: Ah, thank you, everyone...!
Kaoru: Did you all enjoy Kaoru Seta's fleeting performance as the Count of Monte Cristo?
Kokoro: Yeah, we did! It was a musical that made everyone who watched it smile!
Hagumi: When I heard it was a story where the protagonist was gonna get revenge, I thought it'd be scary...
Hagumi: But it wasn't at all! I had so much fun!
Kokoro: I loved your Edo Emon-san, Kaoru!
Misaki: It's not Edo Emon, it's Edmond Dantès. Just to be clear, it's not a Japanese story.
Misaki: But never mind that... It was really fun, Kaoru-san.
Kanon: I was surprised that the story of the Count of Monte Cristo could become a fun musical.
Kanon: Thanks for inviting us to watch, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu, it is my greatest pleasure to know you enjoyed it from the bottom of your hearts.
Misaki: ... But you could've at least told us about it beforehand.
Kaoru: Regarding what?
Misaki: That you were the lead.
Misaki: You just told us you were gonna be performing and to come and watch... You were so nonchalant, so we didn't think you'd be the lead.
Kanon: Yeah. We were so shocked to see posters with close-ups of you in the theater.
Kanon: What's more, the theater was so big... It was a performance by a famous theater troupe, huh?
Misaki: I really thought it could be watched casually, so I didn't even do any research in advance...
Kaoru: Ah, now that you mention it, I might have not told you.
Kaoru: At first, the theater troupe asked me if I would like to join them... However, I do not plan to join any troupes at the moment.
Kaoru: When I told them that, they extended an offer so that I may perform as a special guest at least.
Kanon: Y-you had an offer like that...
Misaki: For them to choose you as their lead must mean they really want you.
Kokoro: Oh yeah, didn't you say other theater troupes asked you to join them too?
Hagumi: You said you got offers from three big ones, right?
Kaoru: Indeed. Similar to this one, I shall also be performing as a special guest for other theater troupes who have invited me.
Kaoru: One of them is a prestigious long-established troupe. It shall be a Shakespearean play, so my heart is dancing with excitement.
Kaoru: Another is an up-and-coming troupe that puts on radical plays and has garnered attention from the theater world.
Kaoru: Knowing that I shall soon experience a world I have yet to see makes me yearn for rehearsal days to come quickly.
Kokoro: Wow! We can watch even more of your performances!
Kanon: A-all that happened without us realizing...
Misaki: You're kinda becoming a big deal... Well, I'm just glad you're having fun with theater activities.
Kaoru: ... Hmm?
Misaki: I mean, everything is smooth sailing for you as an actor, right?
Misaki: It looks like everything you wanted to do is coming true.
Kaoru: ...
Hagumi: ... Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Ah. Yes, indeed... I am overjoyed to know that my fleeting radiance is so sought after.
Hagumi & Misaki: ...?
Kanon: By the way, Kokoro-chan.
Kanon: You haven't told us why we're meeting up today... What's going on?
Kokoro: Oh yeah, I haven't told you yet!
Kokoro: I asked you all to come here today because of Charley! She said she wanted to show us something and to meet her in town!
Kanon: What could it be...?
