event163-04 Chapter 3: Resolve

Roselia is determined to be professionals. CHU² offers a word of advice...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Lisa Imai, Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Residential Area]

Aya: Ah, CHU²-san!
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan?! Wh-what a surprise meeting you here... The goddess of fate must have brought us together~!
LOCK (Rokka): H-hi~.
Lisa: Huh? Where are you three heading?
CHU² (Chiyu): To a show. There's a band playing that I want to see.
LOCK (Rokka): I've been following that band for a while, so when I heard they were going, I thought I'd join them.
PAREO (Reona): And I wish to be by CHU²-sama's side~.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'd get more out of the show if I went alone, but these two insisted on tagging along...
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, well. Anyway, I saw the news online.
CHU² (Chiyu): It seems like you've signed up with a music agency.
PAREO (Reona): I know it's a little late, but I'm really happy for you and Roselia!
LOCK (Rokka): Joining a music agency when you're in high school is amazing...! Roselia is so talented~.
Lisa: Thanks. Ako was really happy, too. She said you couldn't stop congratulating her.
LOCK (Rokka): Ehehe... I got a little carried away.
CHU² (Chiyu): So, what happened? First, you turn down my offer to produce your band, and then you go join an agency.
Lisa: Uhhh... A-about that~...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph! You know what? Forget it. It doesn't matter to me what Roselia does.
CHU² (Chiyu): RAS is going to pave its own path. All I care about is performing the greatest music ever.
Lisa: That goes for Roselia, too. If we want to reach the top, then we need to play in the big leagues...
Lisa: That's why we chose to sign with a music agency.
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay... Then instead of celebrating you, I'll give you a word of advice.
CHU² (Chiyu): Roselia won't survive playing on the same stage as other major professional artists unless you're fully committed.
CHU² (Chiyu): Your performances... and everything else you do from now on will need to be nothing short of spectacular.
Lisa: We get that. Musicians we know have taught us what it means to be professional performers.
CHU² (Chiyu): You're talking about Mira, right? She is an excellent musician.
CHU² (Chiyu): But think for a moment. Professional musicians play on stages filled with other artists who are just as good as her.
CHU² (Chiyu): If you doubt yourself even for a second, they'll crush you... That's the world Roselia just stepped into.
Lisa: ... That's okay. We won't let others outshine us that easily...
Lisa: We're doing this because we're ready to be a part of that world.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufu... Then I'll be watching closely to see just how ready Roselia actually is.
Aya: C-calm down, you two! Stop arguing with each other!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-yes! We're all friends, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): We're not arguing. I'm just telling her how things are.
PAREO (Reona): You never cease to amaze me, CHU²-sama! I was really moved by what you said.
PAREO (Reona): I think being an idol is very similar.
PAREO (Reona): There are as many idols as there are stars in the sky, but only the most talented and charming ones shine the brightest on stage.
PAREO (Reona): Just like... Pastel＊Palettes!
CHU² (Chiyu): Excuse me?
Aya: Huh? Us...?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Pastel＊Palettes is incredible... No, they're in a league of their own!
PAREO (Reona): Just seeing you on stage feels like being struck by lightning. My whole body goes numb, and then I'm jolted back to life by a surge of pure cuteness!
PAREO (Reona): That's when you realize how unbelievably lucky you are to be seeing Pastel＊Palettes perform live in front of your eyes!
PAREO (Reona): There are no other idols who can fill our hearts with so many emotions and then take us soaring through the sky like Pastel＊Palettes!
PAREO (Reona): I thank the heavens above for letting me live in the same time as Pastel＊Palettes...! I... I'm so blessed!
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO~! Shut up, already!
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha...
Lisa: Wow~, PAREO's love for Pastel＊Palettes really is something~.
Aya: Y-yeah... She's about the only one that ever praises us that much. It's a little surprising, actually.
Aya: But I really, really appreciate it! Thanks, PAREO-chan!
Aya: We're going to do everything we can to give our fans the best shows ever!
PAREO (Reona): Yay~! I'll always be cheering for you~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh, this has been exhausting... LOCK, PAREO, we're leaving! We're going to be late for the show.
PAREO (Reona): Goodbye, Lisa-san. Please let us know when there's a date for your debut show.
PAREO (Reona): RAS will be there.
Lisa: Okay~, I'll hit you up.
CHU² (Chiyu): Well, I'm not going to be there! Now, let's go, already!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, CHU²-san, wait! Goodbye, Lisa-senpai, Aya-senpai...!
Aya: Bye-bye~! See you later~!
Lisa: (... We need to be fully committed...)
Aya: ...? Lisa-chan?
(Black cut)
