event163-06 Chapter 5: On the Train

Lisa worries she may have to quit her part-time job. Aya lends an ear.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Lisa Imai)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Lisa: ...
Lisa: (The day might come when I'll need to quit my part-time job to focus on the band...)
Lisa: (I know I'm gonna have to make sacrifices, but...)
Aya: Ah, Lisa-chan!
Lisa: Aya? What are you doing here...?
Aya: Well, I was waiting for you.
Aya: When we said goodbye yesterday, you looked kind of down... Do you have some time right now? If you do... why don't we check this out together?
Lisa: Check what out...?
Aya: The other day, you said there were some clothes that you felt you were meant to have, right?
Aya: I did some checking, and I found out that this store should have your size.
Lisa: What?! You looked around for me...?
Aya: We'd have to catch the train to get there, but what do you think? Going might make you feel a lot better!
Lisa: Thanks. You really didn't need to do all that...
Aya: It was nothing. Besides, I want to find something to go with the hat I got yesterday. Come on, let's go!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Train]

Aya: ... Oh. So that's what's on your mind.
Lisa: I really like my part-time job.
Aya: Yeah.
Lisa: I like when the customers thank me, and when the older ladies at work give me candy. I also like walking home with Moca...
Lisa: Those little everyday moments have saved me so many times when I wasn't feeling too hot.
Lisa: But I know that if I wanna be a major musician, then I'm gonna have to commit myself to the band like never before.
Lisa: I'll have to make sacrifices, but thinking about losing those little moments makes me so sad... It's all I can think about.
Aya: ... Sniff...
Lisa: ... Aya? Huh? Why are you crying?
Aya: I-I'm sorry! I know exactly how you feel~... Having a part-time job... is fun.
Aya: When things would get tough or when I was feeling down, I could keep going because being at my part-time job always cheered me up...
Aya: Ugh~, sorry~... The tears won't stop...
Lisa: H-hey, now... Cut that out~. If you keep that up, then I'm gonna start crying, too~.
Aya: Sniff... If you don't want to quit, then I don't think you should.
Aya: You want to stay at your part-time job, right?
Lisa: But what if that causes trouble for everybody...? Like Yukina and the girls... Or even the people at the agency.
Lisa: I can't bring myself to tell the girls that I wanna keep my job at a time when we're all trying to level up...
Aya: But if you don't, I think you'll regret it later... That would be awful!
Lisa: ...
Aya: I'm the same as you. All the happiness I've gotten at work has really helped me...
Aya: And it wasn't just my part-time job. Lots of other things have helped me along the way... That's why I'm able to do my best at work...
Aya: If I were to give up even one thing, I'm sure I'd fall apart! Everything in my life holds me together, and that's why I can be who I am now!
Aya: Lisa-chan... do you feel the same way?
Lisa: I...
Lisa: I've gotten support from so many different places. There are some things... that I wouldn't have been able to get through with just music alone.
Aya: Right?! Right?!
Lisa: You know... I think I get it.
Lisa: My sound is created by all these different things coming together.
Lisa: If I were to go without even one of them, my sound wouldn't be the same anymore.
Aya: Lisa-chan...!
Lisa: How could I've been this stupid? It's all so simple, but I couldn't figure it out.
Lisa: I feel a bit better thanks to you, Aya.
Aya: I haven't done anything~.
Lisa: That's not true. You cried for me. But you know, crying before me like that is against the rules~.
Aya: Urgh, I'm sorry...
Lisa: It's okay. Thanks.
Lisa: I'm gonna try telling the others how I feel.
Aya: I think that's a good idea. Communication is important after all.
Lisa: Fufu... And giving good greetings, right?
Aya: Yes! Give polite and cheerful greetings!
Lisa: Polite and... Ah. I just remembered. I don't think I've given some to Harumi-san and the others yet...
Aya: Given what? What's wrong?
Lisa: Thanks, Aya. You gave me a great idea☆ The next time our band meets with the agency, I'll-
Lisa: ... Hey, I'm feeling better, and we haven't even gone shopping yet.
Aya: Ah! That's true... What do you want to do then...?
Lisa: Let's just go! I'm all for shopping two days in a row!
Lisa: I'll help you find something nice to go with your hat☆
Aya: Okay!
(White cut)
