event163-07 Ending: All of It

No longer uncertain anymore, Lisa hardens her resolve to be a professional.

(Character: Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Ako: Where's Lisa-nee~? The meeting is about to start!
Sayo: It's rare for Imai-san to be late. She's always ready with ten minutes to spare.
Rinko: I wonder if something happened...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Sorry I'm late!
Ako: Lisa-nee! Thank goodness~. Ugh~, I was so worried about you!
Lisa: Ah~, I'm so sorry. It took me forever to make these...
Sayo: Are those... bags of cookies? You sure made quite a lot. It looks like there are twenty bags...
Lisa: I made enough for the band and everyone at the agency. I had to bake my butt off to fill this many bags~.
Harumi: You made some for us, too...?
Lisa: Yes. I recently realized that I hadn't brought some for the staff yet.
Lisa: I know it's a little late, but I'd like to show my appreciation for everything the agency is doing☆ Now, eat up~.
Harumi: Thank you! I'd heard that you make cookies from Ako-san... Well, let me give them a try!
Ako: Cookie time~! ... Mmm~. They're so good~♪
Harumi: They really are! Sigh~, I'm in heaven~...
Lisa: Glad you like them~. I'll bring more next time, so make sure you leave room for them.
Harumi: Will do!
Yukina: Now that Lisa is here, let's start the meeting.
Lisa: Ah, just one second! ... Before we start, there's something I'd like to talk about if that's okay.
Lisa: About the schedule you sent us... I'd like to work on this day off!
Harumi: That's fine by me, but... are you sure?
Rinko: Imai-san... you won't have any days to rest for a while if you do that...
Lisa: Yeah, I know. But I still wanna go to my part-time job.
Yukina: Why? I'm sure you're aware of the excess strain you'll be putting on yourself by doing that.
Lisa: For the past few days, I've been racking my brain over what I need to do to make it as a professional musician.
Lisa: I mean, the stages we'll be playing on from now on are gonna be really demanding, right?
Sayo: That's right. We're going to need to perform even more seriously than before.
Lisa: I was thinking the same thing. That's why I felt like I'd have to quit my job...
Lisa: But then I realized if I did that, I wouldn't be true to myself.
Ako: What do you mean?
Lisa: For me, music isn't only about performing.
Lisa: It's also the stuff I feel and learn when I'm not playing music... Those things come through in my performance. They create my sound.
Lisa: All the time I spend outside the band is important... and I can't give up any of it. So I'm gonna keep doing it all.
Lisa: That's what I've gotta do if I wanna continue laughing and playing as Roselia's bassist.
Yukina: I see. So that's what this is about.
Sayo: I completely understand what Imai-san is saying.
Yukina: Yeah. We've gone through a lot to get where we are now.
Yukina: At a glance, it may seem as if we've taken a long time to get here, but every experience has been crucial for us.
Rinko: Yes... Every little thing we've been through... has been something we needed.
Yukina: Indeed. Roselia's sound has evolved as a direct result of those experiences.
Harumi: You're right. Playing music isn't just about the performance... I definitely understand!
Harumi: Okay! So you'll be working on your day off!
Lisa: Great~! Thank you so much!
Harumi: Don't mention it. My job is to do my best to accommodate everyone's needs. Always feel free to talk to me about your schedule!
Lisa: Will do! I know how important it is to communicate with each other♪
Lisa: Everybody at this agency is a part of Roselia's journey to become professional musicians.
Lisa: From now on, we'll have to work together to decide on the best path for Roselia!
Yukina: Agreed.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Haneoka Student: Lisa-senpai! Um, could I shake your hand?
Lisa: Sure. Thanks for always supporting us~.
Haneoka Student: Oh my gosh~... Th-thank you! Goodbye...!
Maya: Hi, Lisa-san. I see you're just as popular as ever.
Lisa: Hey~, Maya☆ Fufu. Yeah, I'm lucky to have their support.
Maya: Did something change your mind?
Lisa: Huh? About what?
Maya: It's just that the last time I saw somebody ask you to shake your hand, you seemed really embarrassed about it, but not this time.
Lisa: Yeah~, what can I say? Honestly, I was a bit flustered at first, but I guess it started to make me happy...
Lisa: People are going out of their way to show their support, so I started thinking it's only polite to show my appreciation, you know?
Maya: Well, that certainly is important.
Lisa: ... Ah, class is about to start! Maya, we better move it...
Maya: Ah, Lisa-san, wait for me~!
Lisa: Hey, hurry up~!
(Black cut)
