event163-03 Chapter 2: Changing World

Lisa runs into Kasumi and Himari this time. They ask for her autograph...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Himari Uehara, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Lisa: Fufu. I hope I find some clothes I like at the stores~. I wanna look for some shoes, too~.
Maya: I want to get some new CDs! There's this one band that everybody's talking about and-
Aya: Huh? Is that...
Himari: Ah, Lisa-senpai! Kasumi, look! It's Lisa-senpai!
Kasumi: You're right~! Lisa-san, Maya-san, Aya-senpai! Hey~!
Himari: We were just talking about Roselia!
Aya: Was it about... Roselia signing with a music agency?
Kasumi: Bingo, Aya-senpai! I'm so happy I could burst! Lately, it's all Poppin'Party has been talking about.
Lisa: Ah, that reminds me. Kasumi, you were quick to send me a message to congratulate Roselia. Thanks.
Kasumi: There was no way we were gonna wait~! As soon as we saw the news, we got so hyped up!
Kasumi: Hearing about you all making big moves has got us fired up... We've been practicing every day!
Himari: I know what you mean~. Afterglow has been practicing more than ever now.
Himari: The day the story broke, we even went to go congratulate you and Yukina-san.
Lisa: I remember. Everybody from Afterglow suddenly rushed into the classroom. I didn't know what was going on!
Himari: Ever since then, you can see the fire in Ran's eyes! She says we'll keep playing the same as always, but you can tell it's on her mind!
Maya: Fufu. Roselia's influence on everyone is incredible.
Lisa: Please~. It's not like that at all~.
Kasumi: Ah, I just remembered! There was something I wanted to ask you!
Kasumi: Could I get your autograph?!
Lisa: Wh-what?!
Himari: Awww, no fair~! Lisa-senpai, could I have one, too?!
Lisa: H-hey, now! Enough of that! Don't you think asking for my autograph is a bit silly...?
Kasumi: Not at all! Next time I'll bring a nice piece of paper for you to sign!
Himari: I can't wait to get Lisa-senpai's autograph♪ I wonder where I'll hang it~.
Lisa: Girls, c'mon...
Himari & Kasumi: ...
Lisa: S-seriously~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Aya: Mmm~, I feel great~! The pasta was delicious! I couldn't ask for a better day off!
Lisa: You said it! You were spot on about the extra rich cream sauce. And those noodles were nice and chewy~.
Lisa: If I'd only been able to get the outfit I was looking for, my day would've been perfect, too~.
Aya: It's too bad they were sold out of your size.
Lisa: Tell me about it~. Sigh~, I really felt like I was meant to have that outfit.
Lisa: You got a nice hat though, Aya.
Aya: Thanks! Kasumi-chan and Himari-chan picked it out for me.
Lisa: Speaking of those two, they just sent me a message. It sounds like they went to an arcade center with Maya.
Lisa: They said they're going to a stationary store to buy some good paper after that.
Aya: They're really excited about getting your autograph.
Lisa: Ahaha... I never thought there'd come a day when I'd be doing that.
Lisa: What am I gonna do? My signature is pretty normal-looking...
Aya: Well, why don't you message them once you've decided how you'd like to sign your name?
Lisa: What~? Me contact them? And what would I say? "I'm ready to sign, so come bring your paper, ladies~." That would be way too embarrassing!
Aya: Fufu... But I think more and more people will come asking. And magazines will want to interview you, too.
Lisa: Really~? You know, I think we already have one magazine interview scheduled...
Aya: Oh, that's right. You did say that you were going to start promoting the show next week.
Lisa: Exactly. I think we're gonna be so busy that I won't have time for my part-time job.
Lisa: It's all... kinda strange. It's like, little by little, my whole world is changing.
Lisa: Now our band's got people giving their all to help us succeed... Until recently, I never could've pictured something like that!
Lisa: I wonder if other things are gonna change for us down the road, too...
Aya: It's kind of exciting when you think about it.
Lisa: ... What?
Aya: You're going to experience a lot of new things. Those experiences will help you grow!
Lisa: Yeah... That's definitely one way to think about it...
???: Hm? Is that...?
(Black cut)
