event163-02 Chapter 1: What’s Important at Work

Lisa tries to decide what to do before part-time work. She encounters Aya and Maya...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Lisa: Mmm~, this breeze feels great~. I'm so happy the weather's nice today~.
Lisa: What should I do before my afternoon shift starts? New fall outfits should be out now, so maybe I'll go shopping~♪
Aya: Huh...? It's Lisa-chan! Hey~, Lisa-chan~!
Lisa: Aya, Maya! Hiya~☆ What are you two up to?
Aya: Maya-chan and I are on our way to the mall to do some shopping~. How about you?
Lisa: Me, too! I was thinking I'd snag some new clothes if I found something nice.
Maya: Would you like to go with us? We were also thinking of going to this restaurant that serves pasta that Aya-san found.
Aya: Recently, everybody's been talking about how good its creamy pasta is. People say the sauce is extra luxurious!
Lisa: Really? Well, I'm not gonna pass that up! Count me in.
Aya: Alright~! Ah, it's a little late, but congratulations on signing up with a music agency!
Lisa: Thanks☆
Maya: Chisato-san and Eve-san are really happy for you! I believe... you heard about Hina-san, right?
Lisa: Wasn't she gonna tell everybody during the school's afternoon announcement, but Tsugumi rushed to stop her?
Maya: Yeah... I'm really glad Hazawa-san was there.
Aya: So, how do you like being part of a music agency?
Lisa: Hmm~... We've just joined, so it still doesn't feel real~.
Maya: I know what you mean. I was the same way at first. But after working with an agency for a little bit, things start to feel different.
Haneoka Student: U-um! Lisa-senpai...!
Lisa: Hm? I've seen you at a lot of our shows...
Haneoka Student: I read about Roselia online! I'm so happy for you...!
Lisa: Thank you~☆ We're gonna do our best to put on the coolest shows possible.
Haneoka Student: I'll be there! Um, could I... shake your hand?
Lisa: What?! I'm not famous or anything...
Haneoka Student: But you are! Signing with a music agency is a big deal, and I want to mark the occasion with a handshake!
Lisa: Well, I guess when you put it like that~... Umm, okay. Is this good?
Haneoka Student: Th-thank you! Goodbye...!
Aya: Wow~! Her eyes were practically twinkling when she looked at you, Lisa-chan!
Lisa: Ahaha... That was a bit of a surprise. Phew, talk about intense.
Maya: Fufu. It's been like that at school, too! Younger students are always coming to shake your hand during lunch.
Lisa: Yeah, it's been happening a lot since that story was posted online~. But it's not like I've changed. This is all so weird.
Aya: That's just how much everybody's rooting for Roselia!
Maya: Has Roselia's debut concert been set yet?
Lisa: We're still waiting to hear about a date and a venue, but we've been told it'll be soon. Starting next week, we'll be busy with promo stuff.
Aya: Ah, us, too! We have a show next month, so we're promoting it now.
Lisa: Oh, really? Actually, can I ask you two something...?
Maya: Sure. Hopefully, we'll have an answer for you.
Lisa: This is our first time promoting our show with an agency, so we don't really have an idea of what to expect.
Lisa: It'd be nice to know if there was anything we should be careful about.
Aya: Something to be careful about, huh? I-I'm not sure... Hmm~...
Aya: Ah! Greetings! Make sure you do them!
Maya: They are really important. Everything starts with a greeting and ends with a goodbye, after all.
Maya: They show how courteous you are to the people you work with. We're also ready to greet every person who helps us at our shows.
Aya: That's right! It's a sign of respect, but it makes people happy when they hear a nice cheerful greeting!
Aya: They can also encourage those around you to give their all, and it can lighten up the mood around you. That's why greetings are really meaningful!
Lisa: Wow~, I think I get what you're talking about.
Lisa: When we have rehearsals, Ako gives these big cheerful greetings that always make me smile.
Maya: Aya-san's greetings are great, too! The staff at our agency said they never fail to cheer them up when they're tired.
Aya: Did they really say that?! Oh, I'm so happy~.
Lisa: Fufu. I can imagine why. Aya's greetings brighten up the whole place.
Lisa: Okay~. Greetings are a no-brainer, but they're really powerful, too~.
Aya: And what else~...? Oh, communication is important too.
Lisa: That makes sense. You need to let people know what's going on, as well as consult them when something comes up, right?
Aya: Right! When you join an agency, you and the agency work as a team, so it's best to always be communicating with each other.
Maya: Everyone at the agency is thinking very hard about how to help us shine our brightest when we're on stage.
Aya: It's true! So you could cause a lot of trouble if you just do whatever you want without talking to the agency first.
Lisa: You know... during our photo shoot, I saw lots of people from the agency making sure things went well.
Aya: Right? That's why communication is important!
Aya: No matter how small it might be, if there's something on your mind, you should talk with your agency about it.
Lisa: Got it~. Thanks for the help, my wise talent agency gurus~☆
Aya: T-talent agency gurus?! Come on, cut that out~!
(Black cut)
