event163-01 Opening: First Job

Roselia is now part of a music agency and experiences their first photo shoot.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Filming Studio]

Lisa: Umm... Was that alright?
Photographer: That was perfect! Can I have you look at the camera this time?
Lisa: S-sure!
(White cut)
Lisa: Phew~...
Ako: You were awesome, Lisa-nee~! That last pose was so cool!
Lisa: Thanks~. Sigh, I was so nervous...
Lisa: So this is what a band photo shoot is like... I never imagined we'd have to take so many pictures.
Sayo: I didn't think our first job with a music agency would be posing for photos.
Ako: It feels like Roselia's set out on its newest quest! I wonder what kind of poses I should try in our next outfits~?
Sayo: You should take a seat, Udagawa-san. You're interrupting Minato-san and Shirokane-san's turn.
Ako: S-sorry.
Lisa: Ahaha... Hey, did you see what was trending in the news online the other day? It was an article about us!
Ako: The one with the title "High School Band Scores Major Debut," right?! My sister was super happy for us!
Sayo: The response has been greater than anticipated. I've received so many messages from Kirigaya-san...
Lisa: You give her guitar lessons sometimes, right? I bet she's thrilled.
Sayo: Yes.
Sayo: In one message, she wrote, "Since I'm your student, I feel like I've had my major debut, too!"...
Lisa: Ahaha. Teacher and student, two peas in a pod!
Sayo: P-please don't say that. I merely give her advice on how to play guitar...
Lisa: Sorry, I'm only teasing you! Kaoru also told me how excited she was for us.
Lisa: Hello, Happy World! even sent us flowers. And they said they wanna throw us a hotel party to celebrate.
Ako: A hotel party?! Whoa~!
Lisa: Right? Of course, I couldn't accept something like that.
Sayo: Their idea of a celebration is quite extravagant.
Rinko: W-we're finished...
Ako: Rin-rin, Yukina-san! Great work out there~!
Yukina: The first part of our photo shoot took quite a long time.
Staff: We'll take a break here! Roselia, please change into your next outfits!
Lisa: O-okay, on it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Harumi: Great job with the photo shoot, everyone!
Lisa: Umm~... How'd our photos turn out?
Harumi: They're perfect! I've looked through them, and they all have that Roselia feel to them. They're amazing!
Lisa: Thank goodness~. That was our first time doing a shoot like that, so we weren't really sure what to do.
Harumi: Don't worry! To be honest, they're all so good that I'm not sure which ones to use.
Harumi: Once we've decided, I'll send you copies! I've really got my work cut out for me this time~.
Yukina: Fufufu. By the way, I heard that you wanted to discuss our schedule...
Harumi: Yes! It's about your debut show...
Ako: We're going to have a show?!
Harumi: We've narrowed it down to a few venues. After we lock one in, we just need to set a date... It won't be long now!
Ako: Alright~! Rin-rin, we're going to have a show! And it's going to be our major debut concert!
Rinko: Fufu... It's really happening, Ako-chan.
Lisa: Our major debut... It's all happening so fast...
Harumi: Our job is to help you get your music out to the world in the best way possible...
Harumi: So we're going to do everything we can to produce and manage you!
Sayo: Th-thank you.
Harumi: Have a look at this. You've got a pretty busy schedule before you play your debut show!
Rinko: Th-this says...
Sayo: We'll have a magazine interview and even shoot a music video...
Lisa: We're really gonna be doing all this...? Wow~, my heart's pounding so fast.
Harumi: So far, this is what we have planned to promote your band, but we'd like to do more! Wait until you see what comes next!
Ako: No way! There's going to be more?!
Harumi: Of course! We want to make sure you have the best debut show possible!
Sayo: Once we add rehearsals, we're going to be quite busy.
Harumi: I'm sorry about that... But I'm hoping to make things as easy for you as possible.
Yukina: You have nothing to apologize for. To be honest, I'm grateful for everything you've been able to do for us.
Lisa: (We're gonna be busy bees starting next week... Thank goodness I've still got time to hand in my shift for my part-time job~.)
Lisa: (But the way things are lining up, I might not even have time to work next week...)
Lisa: (Well, what can you do?)
(Black cut)
