event120-01 Opening: The Center of Attention

The members of Morfonica find out they are the center of attention at school. They ask their fellow students for thoughts on their performance.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Ahem. Let us now begin our meeting. But before we do... Palms together, everyone...
Tsukushi, Toko & Nanami: Let's eat~!
Mashiro: L-let's eat.
Rui: ...
Toko: Hm? What's the matter, Rui? You look kinda gloomy. C'mon, it's finally lunch!
Rui: ... I do not find lunch to be conducive to discussion. We should set aside time after school and hold our meeting at a more quiet location.
Toko: I don't know. It doesn't really matter where we do it, does it?
Nanami: The fact that we're doing it at school while eating lunch gets points from me~.
Tsukushi: Hmm, I can see Rui-san's point... But you're busy after school, right, Toko-chan?
Toko: Yeah, after school is kinda hard for me. I've gotta meet friends and stuff.
Mashiro: You're so popular, Toko-chan.
Nanami: Yeah, but she's not the only one these days~. Look around.
Rui: Ah... There are multiple individuals observing us from afar.
Mashiro: Y-you're right... Um, were we too loud...?
Nanami: Nuh-uh, that's probably not it~. I think we're drawing the good kind of attention.
Nanami: People have started talking about us a tiny bit after our performance at the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Mashiro: I-I see...! Some of the girls in class did talk to me about Morfonica, but I had no idea...
Tsukushi: Fufu! This much is to be expected when we get down to business!
Toko: Yeah! I think we're pretty hot stuff! My friends tell me how great we are whenever they come to our gigs!
Rui: ... People talking about us is not the same thing as being acknowledged. We are likely being viewed as a curiosity.
Mashiro: Oh... I guess that makes sense since Tsukinomori's never had a girls band before...
Rui: Yes. Our current songs are far from perfect. There are still too many issues that we must overcome before we can perform at CiRCLE.
Toko: C'mon, Yashio-sensei! Cut us some slack! We've practiced a whole lot, and we're doing pretty good as a band!
Rui: You are being overly optimistic.
Toko: Oh yeah? Why don't we ask those girls over there what they think of us then?
Tsukushi: Huh? But asking out of nowhere might bother them... Toko-chan?!
Toko: Hey, hey, got a minute~?
Student A: Ah, Kirigaya-san! We're sorry for staring...
Student B: We saw your concert and were wondering what all of you were like...
Toko: Oh, that's totally fine! Thanks for coming to see it! What did you think?
Student A: Your show was amazing!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Ooh...!
Toko: I knew it! My performance mus-
Student B: Especially Yashio-san's violin! Her solo gave me goosebumps!
Toko: Huh?
Nanami: Hey~, did you hear that, Rui-rui?
Rui: I see. I am grateful.
Tsukushi: She didn't bat an eye...!
Toko: Uh, anything else? There had to be other things that gave you chills, right?
Student A: Eh? Hmm... Hmm...
Toko: C'mon! There had to be~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: ... H-hey, stop! Stop! You're going too fast, Toko-chan!
Toko: I was? But isn't this better 'cause it's more energetic?
Rui: No. It may work for you, but not as a whole. There is no harmony between our parts.
Mashiro: Y-yes... It was a bit hard for me to take a breath...
Nanami: Why don't we take a break since Shiro-chan's also tired~?
Tsukushi: ... What's the matter, Toko-chan? You don't usually go that fast.
Toko: I thought the song would be better if I went all out. Y'know, to show off my awesome guitar skills!
Tsukushi: So that's why you were playing like that... Our current songs aren't written to be performed that way, though. It just ends up sounding off.
Toko: Figures. I guess if I wanna show off my guitar skills, I need a song written for that... Hey Rui, got any new songs?
Rui: ... I do.
Toko: Seriously?! I'm glad I asked~! What kind?!
Rui: I've only written down the score, but you're welcome to look if you wish.
Tsukushi: Ooh, I wanna see, too!
Nanami: What is it? Show me, show me~!
Rui: I had intended to distribute these after practice, but I suppose I can do so now since I have copies for everyone ready.
Mashiro: Wow... Thanks for always doing this, Rui-san.
Rui: This is my job as a composer. The rest is your job, Kurata-san.
Mashiro: O-okay... I'll do my best to come up with the lyrics.
Nanami: ... I see. Your part will sound amazing, but it also looks very hard, Rui-rui~.
Tsukushi: It is? I'm surprised you can tell just by looking at the notes.
Nanami: Huh? Oh, you know~... It's just a feeling~.
Toko: Huh... Hey, Rui, does my guitar part have something like that? Like, you know, a phrase that just screams that I totally rock!
Rui: No.
Toko: What?! Why not?!
Tsukushi: ... Do you want a part like that, Toko-chan?
Toko: Of course, I do! I'm finally starting to get pretty good at this guitar thing, so I wanna show off my skills!
Nanami: Ahaha... Plus, all the girls during lunch were staring at Rui-rui~.
Toko: Exactly! So I thought about it, and I think it's because Rui gets all the flashy parts.
Toko: If I get a part like that, people will pay more attention to me, and I'll get to show off my awesome guitar skills, right?
Toko: So yeah... Could you write something like that for me, Rui?
Rui: ... No.
Toko: Huh? Why?
Rui: Because you are not yet capable of playing such a part.
