event120-06 Chapter 5: Wanting to Change

Tsukushi returns to grab something she forgot and runs into Rui. The two share their thoughts about the future of the band.

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tsukushi: This should be the classroom... Hm?
Rui: ... Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: R-Rui-san?! What are you doing here...?
Rui: I happened to find this while I was making my rounds.
Tsukushi: Ah, the sheet music! Thank goodness, I've been looking for it!
Rui: I figured it belonged to one of us... Is this yours, Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: No, it's Toko-chan's! She's been practicing the highlight phrase a lo-... Uh...
Rui: ... There should be no highlight phrase featuring the guitar.
Tsukushi: Um, you see... I might've told Toko-chan... there's a chance you'd acknowledge her if she can play our new song's highlight with the guitar...
Tsukushi: But it's not because I'm playing favorites or anything like that! I just think you maybe should give her a chance...
Rui: ... I already clearly explained my reasoning.
Rui: She currently has neither the skill to play that phrase nor the resolve to practice enough to be able to play it.
Rui: That is why I determined she should not be given the song's highlight. I cannot understand why she refuses to accept my decision.
Tsukushi: ... But Toko-chan's working really hard right now. She's started practicing in the morning, and she even practices at the atelier after school.
Tsukushi: You saw how many notes there are on that sheet music, right? Those are all Toko-chan's.
Rui: Louder, "Make it more sparkly," "Kick it up a notch..." Yes, these are indeed Kirigaya-san's notes.
Tsukushi: Right? She's determined to play that phrase. She's definitely not being careless!
Rui: ... I do not understand. Why do the two of you refuse to accept reality?
Rui: There is nothing to be gained from such a decision.
Tsukushi: That's because there's no way to know unless you try.
Rui: ... The same applies to this band. There is no proof that it will succeed, yet you persist.
Tsukushi: We've only just started. If that's the way you feel, why are you still with us?
Rui: ... I'm interested to see what happens when you prioritize your emotions.
Rui: I have always made decisions based on reality. The same cannot be said for all of you.
Rui: You have chosen to follow your emotions and continue this band... I wish to see where this path will take you.
Tsukushi: ... It sounds like what you want is change, Rui-san.
Rui: ...? I do not follow.
Tsukushi: Um, you've decided to stick with us even if it means going against the way you've always done things, right?
Tsukushi: You say it's because you want to know what lies ahead... Doesn't that mean you want something your current methods aren't giving you?
Rui: Me... Seek change...?
Tsukushi: Well, I don't know what that change is... But at least in my case, I'm hoping being in this band will change me.
Tsukushi: I want to become the kind of person who can shine with pride.
Rui: ... You stated that when we decided on the name of this band.
Tsukushi: It's starting to feel like a while ago, isn't it? I want to know if becoming that kind of person will allow me to feel like I belong here at Tsukinomori.
Rui: Have you always wished for this change?
Tsukushi: Not always. At least not when I was in kindergarten. Everyone started out the same back then.
Tsukushi: But as time passed, everyone started doing amazing things. Except me... I haven't done anything like that yet...
Tsukushi: Well, I do plan on shining eventually!
Rui: ... Have you ever considered giving up, Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: Why would I? I won't know until I try. Maybe I just haven't found whatever it is that'll make me special!
Tsukushi: There's no telling when I'll find that thing. That's why I'm going to keep trying, even if it's unrealistic!
Rui: And this applies to Morfonica as well?
Tsukushi: Of course! I want to believe in myself!
Rui: ... To believe. Another emotion.
Tsukushi: Is it still difficult for you to understand what it means to act on emotions...?
Rui: ... Yes.
Tsukushi: If you don't understand, why not take a look at someone we both know? How does that sound?
Rui: ...? Who are you referring to?
Tsukushi: Isn't it obvious? I'm talking about Toko-chan! The reason you don't understand Toko-chan is because she bases her actions on her feelings!
Tsukushi: I think looking at her properly might give you some hints!
Rui: ... I am not so sure.
Tsukushi: I am! That's why you need to try to get to know her better, Rui-san!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Come on, Rui-san!
Tsukushi: Let's go to the atelier together!
