event120-05 Chapter 4: I'll Make You Acknowledge Me!

Tsukushi is called out in the early morning by Toko. Dying to be acknowledged, Toko begins practicing extra hard!

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Toko: ... Ah, there you are! Thanks so much for coming!
Tsukushi: Yeah, no problem... What do you plan on doing at this hour with your guitar?
Tsukushi: Nobody's even out and about yet... Yawn.
Toko: I just need a place where I can play the guitar! I was practicing at home, but I got scolded by grandma for making so much noise~.
Toko: So I was trying to figure out where I could practice. That's when I remembered the empty classrooms here!
Tsukushi: ... You've been playing all morning?! You completely spaced out during practice yesterday, though.
Toko: Yeah, well, after seeing Rui, I figured I need to step up my game! I'm totally fired up right now!
Tsukushi: I see... I don't blame you for being impressed. Rui-san has been practicing a lot, after all.
Toko: Huh?! It's not that! I just can't stand being unable to play something she can!
Toko: Anyway, I am so gonna play that phrase and make her acknowledge my guitar skills!
Tsukushi: O-oh, I guess the sparks are flying again...
Toko: Of course! I'm not gonna let her get away with saying all those things about me.
Tsukushi: I see... Well, it's a good thing you're motivated at least! We should ask the teachers if we can use one of the empty classrooms then!
Toko: Yeah! Thanks, Fusuke. I totally owe you one!
Tsukushi: Hehe, I am the leader, after all! You can ask me for anything!
Toko: You mean that?! Then I need you to listen to me play and tell me if I'm doing it properly! Oh, and by the way, I'm gonna be practicing every morning!
Tsukushi: What?! You're gonna do this every day~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several Days Later]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Ugh...
Nanami: Oh my, looks like you're the one who's tired this time. What's the matter, Tsu-chan?
Tsukushi: I've been helping Toko-chan with her morning practice... She just has so much energy... Yawn...
Mashiro: ...
Toko: ... Ah! Hey, that sounded pretty good, didn't it?! It felt right! Guys?
Nanami: Ah, sorry, Toko-chan. I missed it~...
Toko: Seriously~?! I can't believe you weren't looking when I'm finally trying this without the sheet music.
Toko: Whatever! All right, I'm gonna do another round~!
Nanami: ... Toko-chan's so into it~.
Tsukushi: Mmhmm. She said she's super fired up.
Nanami: Ah, so she's burning with passion then~. Is that also why you're on fire, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: ... Hm? Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't paying attention...
Tsukushi: You have been working on the lyrics this whole time, after all. Any luck?
Mashiro: Yes. A view popped into my mind when I was looking at Toko-chan...
Nanami: Ooh~. I had no idea the lyrics came to you that way, too~.
Tsukushi: But we always see Toko-chan. Did it come to you because she's fired up?
Mashiro: M-maybe. She's just so amazing.
Mashiro: She hasn't given up at all even after Rui-san criticized her... Not only that, she's working even harder.
Mashiro: If it had been me in her place, I don't think I'd be able to continue... That's why seeing her is so uplifting.
Toko: ... Ah! This feeling! How was that one? Guys? ... Uh, what are you all looking at?
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan's lyrics for our new song. She said it came to her when she saw you.
Nanami: It looks like your fire's spread to her, Toko-chan~.
Toko: Huh...! That's pretty awesome!
Nanami: Ooh, looks like somebody's pleased~.
Toko: I mean, c'mon, that makes it my song since I was her inspiration!
Toko: And that means the highlight is also mine, right?! Hehe! I've so got this!
Mashiro: I-I don't know if things will work out that way... But I do want to help you as much as possible, Toko-chan.
Toko: It's totally working! I'm super fired up now! Thanks, Shiro!
Mashiro: Mmhmm... You're welcome.
Toko: Oh yeah, could you let me write down your lyrics on my sheet music? I don't care if they're not done yet. That'll motivate me even mo- ... Hm?
Tsukushi: ...? What's the matter, Toko-chan?
Toko: Uh-oh... It's my sheet music. I can't find it.
Tsukushi: Oh no! You had it at school! All your notes were on it...!
Toko: I might've left it there. I did take it out a lot in the classroom. This sucks. I gotta go and get it in a hurry.
Tsukushi: ... Just keep doing what you're doing. I'll go get it for you!
Toko: Oh, you'd do that? Seriously? Are you like my guardian angel...?
Tsukushi: You still have to practice, don't you? If it's in the classroom, I can still go and get it in time!
Toko: Phew... I'm so glad you're our leader, Fusuke~. You've done so much for me. I totally owe you one!
Tsukushi: ... Hehe, I'm just doing my job as the leader! Be sure you practice properly even without me, okay?
Toko: Don't worry! Your sacrifice won't be in vain!
Tsukushi: Hey! Don't write me off as a sacrifice~!
