event120-07 Ending: A New Step Forward

Toko has improved her phrase. Can she play it well enough to impress Rui...?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: ... Ugh! Wasn't that super close?! I almost played it perfectly!
Mashiro: Y-yes...! Your guitar sounded so amazing!
Nanami: Your hands are quivering, though~.
Toko: That's 'cause I'm exhausted! Who made this so hard to play anyway?!
Nanami: That would be me~.
Toko: Oh yeah! Thanks, by the way!
Nanami: Looks like you don't need the sheet music anymore, Toko-chan.
Mashiro: That means you've gotten better...!
Toko: C'mon, this is me we're talking about! All I needed to do was try a bit~!
Tsukushi: Hi guys, I'm back!
Toko: Hey Fusuke, welcome back! Too bad you weren't here a little earlier~! You just missed my sweet perfor-
Rui: ...
Toko: Huh? Rui?! What're you doing here?!
Tsukushi: I brought her so that she could see how hard you're working, Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: That way, she might see how serious you are about this!
Toko: Uh~, okay...?
Rui: Futaba-san. I cannot make a proper assessment without seeing a full performance.
Toko: ... Hey, hey, Yashio-sensei. This isn't the same me as the last time. I can play this phrase whenever you want me to.
Rui: ... Excellent. That makes it easier for me to evaluate you.
Toko: Fine, you asked for it! Just you see, Rui! Don't blame me if I floor you with my performance!
Tsukushi: U-um... This wasn't quite what I had in mind...
(Black cut)
Toko: ... Pant, pant... Well?
Tsukushi: That was incredible, Toko-chan! You were able to play it properly all the way to the end!
Nanami: Toko-chan became even better while you were gone, Tsu-chan~.
Mashiro: Yes... She worked so hard.
Toko: What did you think, Rui? I played your phrase! Bet you can't complain about my skills and stuff now!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi, Mashiro & Nanami: ...!
Rui: ... The quality of your performance is still insufficient to be performed before an audience.
Toko: Huh?! You're saying I'm still not good enough?!
Rui: That is why I expect you to perfect it before our next concert.
Rui: If you cannot, all the work I will put in to rewrite the violin part for the guitar will go to waste.
Tsukushi: ... Eh? Rui-san, does this mean...?
Nanami: She...
Mashiro: Acknowledged Toko-chan...
Rui: I will not repeat myself.
Tsukushi: ... T-Toko-chan! Did you hear that? You did it!
Toko: Huh? What do you mean? I thought she said it wasn't good enough.
Tsukushi: No, she didn't! Rui-san's going to let you do the highlight of the song!
Toko: For real?! All right~!
Nanami: I knew you could do it, Toko-chan. Looks like all your hard work paid off~.
Mashiro: I'm so happy for you, Toko-chan...!
Toko: Well, now you've seen what I can do when I put my mind to it! Thanks for helping, you two!
Tsukushi: ... Any luck, Rui-san? Were you able to figure anything out watching Toko-chan?
Rui: No. On the contrary, I am even more confused.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Why?!
Rui: By listening to her emotions, Kirigaya-san brought about a result I had not foreseen. I do not understand how this has happened.
Tsukushi: Hmm... Did it at least give you a bit of an idea?
Toko: Hey, sounds like you guys are talking about some pretty complicated stuff. Oh, is it about me?!
Toko: No need to be shy, Rui~! You can just come out and tell me how awesome I was on the guitar!
Rui: ... I have decided to let you handle the phrase for now. However, the violin phrase will be used if I determine you are incapable.
Rui: Keep that in mind when you practice.
Toko: Huh? Are you telling me to practice even more? You're merciless. I've already been taking this pretty seriously!
Rui: I will not complain so long as there is nothing wrong with your performance.
Toko: Oh yeah? Sure, you got yourself a deal. And while I'm at it, I'll go ahead and play this whole song perfectly!
Rui: Given your current state, that will be unlikely.
Toko: You've got no way of knowing that when I haven't even tried!
Nanami: ... H-huh~? I thought this fight over the new song's highlight ended with Toko-chan getting to play it...
Nanami: Why are they going at it again~?!
Mashiro: O-oh no... We have to stop them. Right, Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: ... Nope! There's no need for that! This is fine for those two!
Nanami: Y-you sound so sure, Tsu-chan~.
Mashiro: But how do you know...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Fufu, easy!
Tsukushi: It's because I'm the leader!
(White cut)
