event120-02 Chapter 1: Fight...?!

Rui flatly tells Toko that she cannot play the climax of a song. Unable to compromise, Toko and Rui begin to fight.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying I'm not good enough?
Rui: I meant exactly what I said. You cannot play complex phrases, therefore, I cannot write one for you.
Toko: How are you supposed to know unless you let me try?!
Rui: Give it up.
Toko: I need a better reason than that!
Tsukushi: H-hey, Toko-chan, calm down.
Toko: I can't just accept that when you haven't even given me a chance!
Rui: The highlight of the song only shines when the musician playing it possesses sufficient skill. The crow that tries to be a cormorant drowns.
Toko: The crow that tries to be a cormorant drowns...!
Toko: ... Fusuke, what does that mean?
Tsukushi: Eh? Err... Yeah, I know it, but... you know it too, right, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: I think it means that if you try to do what other people are doing without considering your abilities, you'll fail... Or something like that~.
Tsukushi: Yeah! That's what it means, Toko-chan!
Toko: Oh~, so that's what it mea- ... What?! Don't tell me what I can and can't do! How are you supposed to know without letting me try?!
Rui: It's unlikely that you will be able to do so.
Toko: How many times do I have to tell you to stop assuming stuff like that?!
Nanami: Uhhh... What should we do, Shiro-chan~? Things are getting worse...
Mashiro: Y-yes... We have to do something... B-but I have no idea how to stop a fight...!
Nanami: H-hang on. Let me check online to see what the best way to stop a fight is...!
Tsukushi: Come on, you two, get ahold of yourselves! We need to stop them!
Tsukushi: Okay, Toko-chan, Rui-san! That's enough fighting!
Toko: Fighting? We're not fighting. Rui's just being stubborn.
Rui: I merely stated the facts.
Toko: Facts? It's all just your opinion.
Tsukushi: I just stepped in and stopped you guys! Don't start fighting again!
Toko: That's 'cause Rui's saying I won't be able to do it! She's not making any sense! I've gotten better!
Tsukushi: Well... Hey, Rui-san. Is there any chance you'd be willing to write a phrase that highlights Toko-chan?
Rui: No. I have no intention of giving Kirigaya-san such a part with the way she is now.
Toko: Why?! I've been practicing, and I've been doing all right during our shows!
Rui: You say you have been doing all right, but there has never been a single concert where you have not made a mistake.
Rui: And yet, you are satisfied with your current performance. You have always been careless.
Toko: Wh-what do you mean by always...?
Rui: Do you remember our math teacher from when we were in middle school?
Toko: Hm? Ah, you mean Ku-chan-sensei, right? Kudo-sensei. They're in charge of track and field. Of course, I remember them.
Toko: They're so nice~. They always bring us snacks whenever we have an event.
Rui: Incidentally, their family name is Hisakawa, not Kudo.
Toko: Huh? For real...?
Mashiro: It's not even close...
Nanami: Toko-chan... I bet Hisakawa-sensei is crying right now~...
Rui: I can provide more examples if you wish.
Toko: H-hey, but that has nothing to do with how well I can pla-
Rui: No, they are the same. You have displayed a consistent pattern of carelessness.
Rui: It is unlikely that a person with your record will be able to perform the difficult phrase of a song at an acceptable level.
Rui: That is why I am saying I cannot entrust you with it.
Toko: ...!
Tsukushi: U-umm... You didn't have to put it that way, did you...?
Rui: There is nothing further to discuss. Let us resume practice.
Toko: Huh?! We're not done talking yet! There's no way I'm backing down if that's your reason!
Toko: I know I'm usually a bit... well, what you said... and I didn't always take the guitar seriously, but I do now!
Toko: Don't just look at how I used to be, take a good look at how I am now, Rui!
Rui: ... I am basing my decision on what I see now.
Toko: How can you be so... Argh~!
Toko: Anyway! I'm not giving up until you give me the highlight of a song!
Nanami: I-it looks like we're back where we started~...
Mashiro: Ts-Tsukushi-chan, what should we do...?
Tsukushi: Ugh! We can't practice at all like this~!
