band7-023 Chapter 23: The Ceiling Above Us

The Girls Band Challenge begins underneath the grand ceiling of the budokan.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Day of Girls Band Challenge]

[Budokan]

Kasumi: We're finally here! We've made it to the budokan!
LAYER (Rei): Morning.
LOCK (Rokka): Good morning!
PAREO (Reona): Today is the day of our final showdown. I cannot wait to play with you all♪
MASKING (Masuki): Yawn~... I'm beat...
Rimi: W-wow... Aren't you nervous?
CHU² (Chiyu): Certainly not! They say a monster lurks within the budokan. It'll swallow you up if it senses any sort of fear.
Kasumi & Tae: A monster?!
MASKING (Masuki): You say that, but you were plenty nervous yesterday too.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?!
LAYER (Rei): With the finale on your mind, you almost ended up drowning in the bath.
PAREO (Reona): It was indeed a very close call! Luckily, I was able to save you in the nick of time!
Saya: ... Huh? Did you guys bathe together?
LOCK (Rokka): We did! The bath at CHU²-san's penthouse is huge! It might be bigger than the one at Asahi Bathhouse...
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop! Th-that's enough! Don't tell them anymore!
CHU² (Chiyu): Kasumi Toyama... As I mentioned before... We're ready for anything... I look forward to our show.
Kasumi: Yeah! We're completely prepared too! In that case, we should make sure to enjoy ourselves down to the very last minute!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Marina: Alright, you're up for rehearsal, RAS!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING: Sigh~, it's so tall~.
Ako: Hm? What're you doing, King?
MASKING: Lookin' up at the ceilin'. It's so far away, ain't it? Why don't you lay down and see for yourself?
Ako: Okay! Wow, you're right!
MASKING: I've performed with other bands at the budokan before, but today the ceilin' feels especially far away.
Ako: Hey, Rin-rin, you need to check this out! You too, Rokka!
Rinko & LOCK: Huh?
LAYER: Masuki... You really can sleep anywhere... Come on, we need to rehearse.
MASKING: Just gimme a minute. Besides, you should rest too. I'm guessin' you didn't get much sleep last night.
LAYER: Huh?
PAREO: Allow me to join you as well~♪ You should lay down too, CHU²-sama! The space next to me is wide open!
CHU²: No, thank you...
PAREO: Aw~, please~?
MASKING: There's nothin' to be embarrassed about, Choo-choo~!
CHU²: I told you to stop saying my name like that!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Budokan - Dressing Room]

Marina: We've officially opened the venue!
Marina: Roselia, Poppin'Party, RAISE A SUILEN, you all worked hard to make it here!
Marina: We're so happy to see you made it to today without any issues. It's so exciting to see you standing here at the budokan!
Marina: Together... We'll shoot for our dreams!
All: Yeah!
Marina: Now then... Here's to a great show!
All: Yeah! Thank you!
