band7-001 Chapter 1: I Want to Start a Band

Rokka tells Poppin'Party her dreams of being in a band. However, she has yet to find any band members...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ako Udagawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Kasumi: It's such a shame to see fun times like these end so fast... But the fact that we got to see your sparkling faces makes it all worthwhile!
Kasumi: O-Tae, Arisa, Rimi-rin, Saya! I'm so glad I'm in Poppin'Party with all of you!
LOCK: (Everything's sparkling... I'm having so much fun...)
LOCK: I... I really do love you, Poppin'Party~...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): ... Ah!
LOCK (Rokka): I got lost in my memories of Poppin'Party's concert again! This happens every time I hear their songs... What time is it...?
LOCK (Rokka): ... Oh no! It's that late already?! I need to get to school!
LOCK (Rokka): Let's see, my keys are right here... As for my bag... Okay, got it. What else do I need to bring...?
LOCK (Rokka): My guitar...
LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~...
LOCK (Rokka): I wish... I was in a band.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

LOCK (Rokka): ... And then, Poppin'Party came back on stage again! Oh~, Poppin'Party really outdid themselves with that show. It was incredible...
Asuka: Not this story again. Are you forgetting I was there too?
Ako: Yeah, and I was on that very stage~.
LOCK (Rokka): I know, but just thinking about it makes me want to talk about it over and over again. That's the power of Poppin'Party.
Ako: I thought they were amazing too! Planning a show like that is hard work!
Ako: That concert was just bursting with Poppin'Party goodness, and it was fun to see everyone together!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Being able to enter Poppin'Party's huddle is one of my favorite memories from that day.
Asuka: You've told us that already too. Didn't Poppin'Party invite you to join their band multiple times now?
Asuka: If you like them so much, why don't you join them?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I couldn't possibly! Those five members are what make Poppin'Party what it is! Joining Poppin'Party is out of the question!
Ako: I think you should join them too! You're super good at the guitar. Why not give it a shot? You could make your debut in the band like, bang!
LOCK (Rokka): No, no, absolutely not! Ever since I saw them play at SPACE's last show, Poppin'Party has been my ideal band.
Asuka: You want to play in a band though, right? You've been saying so since spring.
LOCK (Rokka): A band... Of course I want to join one...
LOCK (Rokka): I want to play music, and I don't want to quit... But...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much for today. Please be careful on your way home.
LAYER (Rei): I thought they were pretty good. They've got the skills for sure.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? You sayin' we should compromise?
LAYER (Rei): I never said that.
PAREO (Reona): They certainly were good at following along with us!
CHU² (Chiyu): At what point? RAISE A SUILEN is the strongest band in the world. Do we want some half-hearted guitarist? Certainly not.
CHU² (Chiyu): The band I produce has to be melodic and impeccable!
CHU² (Chiyu): RAISE A SUILEN is going to go beyond this girls band trend! We're going to change the world! I refuse to settle in any way.
LAYER (Rei): So are we always going to perform using fake guitar effects instead of the real thing?
CHU² (Chiyu): Absolutely not. However, I need to find a guitarist who will play for me and only me. Without that, I'll never crush Roselia.
LAYER (Rei): ... I've been meaning to ask, but what do you mean by that? You're not planning anything dangerous, are you?
CHU² (Chiyu): Certainly not! I'm just trying to make a point.
LAYER (Rei): So what's the plan?
CHU² (Chiyu): We're going to find the perfect stage.
CHU² (Chiyu): So until we find the best guitarist there is, we'll keep holding auditions. You guys just need to focus on your lessons.
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, CHU²-sama! I shall bring you some jerky at once!
CHU² (Chiyu): Nix the jerky! Call in the next guitarist post haste!
PAREO (Reona): But that was the last one...
CHU² (Chiyu): Really...?
