band7-007 Chapter 7: Rejection

The Girls Band Challenge has begun. However, Rokka looks unhappy...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Today's the day~. Thanks to the BanG Dream! Girls Band Challenge, we've got a full house♪
Marina: Yoshiko, Rokka-chan, thank you for coming to help out today. I really appreciate it.
Yoshiko: Not at all. You'd do the same for us.
LOCK (Rokka): The crowd seems a little anxious.
Marina: Their votes are going to decide the rankings, so I'm sure the atmosphere feels different from our usual events.
LOCK (Rokka): Only the top two bands get to perform at the Budokan, right?
Marina: I wonder who will make it. Afterglow decided to play at a festival downtown instead, but Roselia and Poppin'Party entered, so I can't wait to see what happens~.
Yoshiko: Don't forget about RAS.
LOCK (Rokka): ...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): My condolences... You fail.
(White cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): ... Sigh~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO! Play the last part of that phrase once more, and be careful! You were late by a tenth of a second!
PAREO (Reona): I can't move my fingers anymore~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Shut up!
MASKING (Masuki): She's even more worked up than usual.
LAYER (Rei): That's because the first round of votes are in. Roselia is in first place, while we were second...
MASKING (Masuki): Why's she so obsessed with Roselia anyway?
(White cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Why not?! With me as your producer, you could become the strongest band ever! You could change the world!
Yukina: I'm sorry, but my answer remains the same.
CHU² (Chiyu): But why?! You're wasting Roselia's performance skills! I only approached you after seeing how well you perform!
CHU² (Chiyu): I finally found the perfect sound...
Yukina: We are aiming to the top, and we will get there through our own music. We do not need a producer.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why?! Why?! I don't believe this! I'll never forgive you...
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll crush bands like you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): What are we missing? Our first performance was perfect! So why...?
LAYER (Rei): Hey, CHU²... Are we really going to continue without a guitarist?
LAYER (Rei): What happened to that last girl? Rokka-chan, was it? Weren't you the one who reached out to her? You must have thought she was something special.
CHU² (Chiyu): I did, but she didn't meet my expectations. More importantly, you need to focus on your lessons. That last concert was-
LAYER (Rei): ... Hm? It's from Hana-chan. Sorry, I'm going to head out.
CHU² (Chiyu): No~! I'm not done talking to you~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Tae: Here, have a baked sweet potato. They gave me an extra when I bought one in front of the station.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks. You always ask to meet on such short notice, Hana-chan.
Tae: Were you busy?
LAYER (Rei): No. By the way, Poppin'Party is entering the Girls Band Challenge, right?
Tae: Yep. Our preliminary show at Galaxy is coming up.
LAYER (Rei): I see. We might perform together somewhere along the line.
Tae: Yeah...
LAYER (Rei): ...
LAYER (Rei): Ah... That reminds me. That girl who works part-time at Galaxy visited us the other day.
Tae: Huh? You mean LOCK?
LAYER (Rei): It was for an audition for our guitarist... You see...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Kasumi: Huh?! She failed?!
Arisa: Huh? What's their problem?! Why'd they make such a big deal out of scouting her then?!
Rimi: So that's what happened... I hope LOCK-chan's okay...
Tae: I think LOCK wants to play with RAS.
Saya: Fixating on every little thing could be holding her back. She must be feeling so helpless.
Tae: I want to cheer up LOCK.
Kasumi: Yeah!
Saya: Ah, in that case, how about we try this?!
Kasumi: Try what?!
Saya: So about that new song we're playing in the preliminaries...
