band7-011 Chapter 11: Wait a Minute

RAS comes second in the preliminary live. CHU² has a plan to turn things around.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

CHU² (Chiyu): Hello, everyone. I'm the producer of RAISE A SUILEN, CHU².
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm here to tell you about our next preliminary concert. We've decided to perform with the band currently in first place, Roselia.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's no exaggeration to say this showdown will rock the entire girls band world and decide who stands at the top.
CHU² (Chiyu): What's more, as you may have seen from our music video, we've got ourselves a melodious new guitarist.
CHU² (Chiyu): I hope you'll come witness the revolutionary band that never stops charging ahead, RAISE A SUILEN.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Wait for us, Roselia! This is it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

PAREO (Reona): In conclusion, we will use the preliminary concerts' voting system to decide the winner of this competition. The band with the most votes will be announced as the victor.
Yukina: So in other words, whoever leaves a bigger impact on the audience wins.
Lisa: What order should we play in?
CHU² (Chiyu): Whoever plays last will have a better chance of leaving an impression... What does Roselia want?
Yukina: I do not care either way.
CHU² (Chiyu): Then I've got an idea.
Sayo: What kind of an idea...?
CHU² (Chiyu): We'll hold a survey at the entrance of the venue to see which band people are coming to see. Whichever band gets the most votes goes last. How does that sound?
Rinko: So the band that is... more highly anticipated... will become the headliner... Is that it?
CHU² (Chiyu): Precisely! Sounds like a pretty exciting idea, wouldn't you say?
PAREO (Reona): Wow~♪ As always, CHU²-sama, you're chock-full of wonderful ideas~♪
Yukina: I see nothing wrong with that. We will move forward with your plan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy - Studio]

LOCK (Rokka): Thank you again for letting me join your solo practice session!
MASKING (Masuki): I can play alone whenever I want, and I'd rather play with someone else anyway. I invited Rei too, but she's not comin'. She said somethin' about wantin' to focus on her own.
LOCK (Rokka): I see... LAYER-san... She seemed a little sad after our last practice...
MASKING (Masuki): Did she...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
LAYER (Rei): Hey, Masuki...
LAYER (Rei): What do you think... about this show we're doing with Roselia?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh?
LAYER (Rei): Competing against them in this tournament is fine, but CHU² even made a video egging them on...
MASKING (Masuki): That just shows you that she means business.
LAYER (Rei): And you're okay with that?
MASKING (Masuki): ... I'd love to go up against Roselia at their best.
MASKING (Masuki): I wanna find out just how far we can go when we're up against a band like that.
LAYER (Rei): I see...
(White cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): LAYER-san must be worried about something, right...? Do you know anything, Masuki-san?
MASKING (Masuki): Don't look at me... By the way, what do you think of our show with Roselia?
LOCK (Rokka): I... Well, I... I'm very nervous. I can't believe we're going to stand on the same stage as Roselia...
LOCK (Rokka): And...
MASKING (Masuki): And...?
LOCK (Rokka): I've always wanted bandmates who I couldn't see myself without, so...
LOCK (Rokka): I need to work hard so that you, LAYER-san, CHU²-san, and PAREO-san will feel that way about me...
MASKING (Masuki): Bandmates you can't see yourself without, huh...?
MASKING (Masuki): Haha... Man, now that... sounds like a band.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! That's what makes a band a band!
MASKING (Masuki): Fufu... Can you keep goin'? I wanna play one more time.
LOCK (Rokka): Of course! I'm ready when you are!
