band7-010 Chapter 10: LOCK

The members of RAS film a music video. They aim to stand out and win with their high level of perfection.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Several Days Later]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Wow! Sweet! Excellent! Unstoppable! Now that was an ensemble!
PAREO (Reona): Leave it to CHU²-sama to make such a marvelous music video~♪
LOCK (Rokka): U-um... So was that... good?
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama only says that when things are truly magnificent.
CHU² (Chiyu): You can't make a music video with only one scene. You have to create it by layering elements on top of each other. Just like a band.
MASKING (Masuki): Filmin' was a real riot too!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it was super fun!
CHU² (Chiyu): Rokka Asahi! From this day on, you will be known as LOCK, an official member of RAISE A SUILEN.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you very much!
PAREO (Reona): Congratulations~♪
LAYER (Rei): I can't wait to work with you more.
MASKING (Masuki): Good for you, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, but how did you know people call me LOCK? I don't think I ever told you...
PAREO (Reona): Isn't that how the members of Poppin'Party refer to you?
CHU² (Chiyu): No! That's not the same at all! I'm talking about an actual lock!
LOCK (Rokka): But why...?
MASKING (Masuki): Maybe it's got somethin' to do with that key around your neck.
CHU² (Chiyu): With you, the strongest band ever, RAISE A SUILEN, is complete. Now our attack can truly begin.
CHU² (Chiyu): Watch out, Yukina Minato... I'll prove to you that RAISE A SUILEN is the true leader of the girls band era!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: Rokka! I saw RAISE A SUILEN's new music video! So you decided to join them after all~!
Asuka: Yeah, you never told us.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sorry. I was only a temporary member until recently...
Ako: What does that mean?
LOCK (Rokka): It means I wasn't officially in the band. They finally allowed me to join after we shot the music video.
Asuka: That video was pretty cool. My sister's band said they want to make a video too after seeing yours.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~, a Poppin'Party music video! I absolutely must see it...!
Asuka: So did the members of RAS end up being people who you can't see yourself without? You said you wanted to find bandmates like the members of Poppin'Party.
LOCK (Rokka): At first I was a little afraid of them, but once I actually started playing with them, it was... How do I put this...?
LOCK (Rokka): ... Yeah. I think they might just be the band for me.
Asuka: Okay, then I won't worry. Doesn't this make you enemies with my sister's band, though?
Ako: Ah! The same goes for Roselia!
LOCK (Rokka): N-no! That's not true...!
Asuka & Ako: Ahahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Phew~, now that rehearsal felt good~. Yukina, has your vocal range grown again?
Yukina: Has it? ... Hm? Is that...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yukina Minato... I see you entered the Girls Band Challenge after all. I'll give you some credit for not running away.
Yukina: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): However... RAS is going to win. Did you see our music video? I doubt Roselia could make something like that.
CHU² (Chiyu): Feel free to copy it if you like.
Yukina: My apologies, but I haven't seen it. I also do not see a need for a video either. We are competing through our performances.
CHU² (Chiyu): So it's a competition, huh? Fine, then let's compete. I want your band to play in the same preliminary show as us. It'll be a showdown between RAS and Roselia.
CHU² (Chiyu): So, are you going to accept? Or...
Yukina: We accept.
Lisa: Huh?! Yukina?!
