band7-013 Chapter 13: The Winner is...

RAS enjoys smooth sailing after their showdown with Roselia. But how are their rival bands faring?

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Congratulations, everyone~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): That was a phenomenal show. I've prepared this food and drinks for you all! Eat and party to your heart's content!
LOCK (Rokka): This is amazing... To be honest, I was so focused on playing during the concert that I don't really remember what happened...
PAREO (Reona): Roselia certainly was spectacular, though! My heart wouldn't stop pounding.
CHU² (Chiyu): Affirmative... But who ended up winning?
PAREO (Reona): RAISE A SUILEN~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Exactly! And who's in first place for the Girls Band Challenge?
PAREO (Reona): With 6,961 votes, it's RAISE A SUILEN~♪ We're beating Roselia by almost 500 votes, so we have successfully secured first place for ourselves~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): As for Poppin'Party, they're in twenty-second place with 1,283 votes.
CHU² (Chiyu): In other words, the victor is RAS. Justice for RAS!
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Justice~.
LAYER (Rei): ...
LOCK (Rokka): (LAYER-san... What's wrong...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Asahi Bathhouse - Rokka's Room]

Ako: Wow~, it sounds like you guys really partied~.
Asuka: Both of you were really cool on stage yesterday.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you. I'm glad you could take time out of your busy schedule to see us.
Asuka: Ah, that reminds me, my sister's band said they were going to come up with a strategy to catch up to Roselia and RAS.
LOCK (Rokka): A strategy...?
Asuka: For now, they're going to play at a bunch of different live houses. Evidently they'll be doing two shows every day.
Ako: Two shows every day...?! Isn't that going too far?!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, LOCK, you in here~?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Masuki-san?!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, looks like you've got guest... Wait, you're Roselia's...?!
Ako: Th-that's right! You are now in the presence of Roselia's drummer, who sprang from the gates of... dark... shadowy... stuff!
MASKING (Masuki): You really are...
MASKING (Masuki): ... So darn cute.
Ako: Huh? But I thought that sounded pretty cool...
MASKING (Masuki): Roselia is surprisingly adorable. You guys looked like you were having fun chattin' it up in the dressing room.
LOCK (Rokka): I know what you mean! Even Yukina-senpai seemed to enjoy those cat-shaped cookies.
Asuka: Whoa~, I can't even imagine...
Ako: We stuffed ourselves with cookies after our show too. It hurt to lose like that, but we're all fired up and ready to work hard for our next show!
Ako: Roselia is gonna get even more cool! And that means I'm gonna become an even cooler drummer!
MASKING (Masuki): You... You're not just cute. You're pretty cool too.
Ako: Really?! You're super cool too, King~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Edogawa Music]

LAYER (Rei): Let's see... I think this should be enough steel strings for now. What else do I need...?
Lisa: LAYER-san! Hi there~♪
LAYER (Rei): Huh? Imai-san...?
Lisa: Ah, did you come here to stock up on strings? Me too~. That show yesterday sure was intense. No wonder we need to buy more~. Great work, by the way!
LAYER (Rei): You too.
Lisa: RAS' performance really was cool though! Your voice and bass-playing are both so powerful.
LAYER (Rei): Well... I could only do that after seeing your show. I wasn't sure about our showdown, but I eventually realized that I did want to try going up against Roselia...
LAYER (Rei): I'm glad we were able to play on the same stage.
Lisa: Come on, don't say it like that! I feel the same way! You looked so cool holding your bass on stage.
LAYER (Rei): You looked wonderful up there as well.
Lisa: Fufu~, thank you☆ It's nice to hear that from you.
Lisa: When did you start playing the bass, LAYER-san?
LAYER (Rei): I started because of Hana-chan... I mean, because of Tae Hanazono. I wanted to be in a band with her.
Lisa: Whoa~, really?! I'm the same way! I started because of my childhood friend Yukina.
Lisa: I can't believe we started playing bass for the same reason. Ahahaha...
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu...
Lisa: Ah, instead of standing around, why don't we find some place to sit down and chat? They've got a nice rest area here anyway.
LAYER (Rei): Sure, that sounds good.
Lisa: You know, RAISE A SUILEN's songs sure are something else. They gave me goosebumps.
LAYER (Rei): Roselia's performance was also fantastic... I could feel myself being drawn in...
Lisa: Ahaha, happy to hear it~☆ By the way, those cookies I made were...
