band7-002 Chapter 2: Shoot for Your Dreams

A competition to decide the number one Girls Band. How will Rokka react when Poppin'Party announces they will compete?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Rokka Asahi)

[Galaxy Stage]

LOCK (Rokka): I'm sorry for being late~. I'll start cleaning the floor right away.
Yoshiko: Ah, Rokka-chan, you've got perfect timing. Could you go hang these posters out front...? They just arrived from the printer.
LOCK (Rokka): Of course I can... Hm? "Shoot for Your Dreams" ... "BanG Dream! Girls Band Challenge."
LOCK (Rokka): What is this?
Yoshiko: Oh, you haven't heard yet, have you? Well, do you know how there are a lot of girls bands nowadays?
Yoshiko: This event is a tournament where those bands will compete for the number one spot.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh?! The number one spot?!
Yoshiko: Bands can perform at any of the participating live houses, and the crowd can then vote for the bands they like. Afterwards, the bands that take first and second place will compete at the budokan.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-the budokan?!
Yoshiko: We weren't originally planning something so elaborate, but the former owner of SPACE is acting as the event advisor, and they wanted more from the event.
LOCK (Rokka): SPACE...
Yoshiko: You went there before they closed, right?
LOCK (Rokka): I did! Their last concert was so moving!
Yoshiko: You said you decided to come to Tokyo after seeing that show, didn't you? That must have been some show~.
LOCK (Rokka): It really was! Every single band was amazing, but personally, I thought Poppin'Party was the best!
Yoshiko: You sure do like that band~.
LOCK (Rokka): I love them! They all get along and enjoy being in a band together. That's what makes them sparkle!
LOCK (Rokka): Poppin'Party is my ideal band! If only I could join a band like-
Kasumi: Hello~! Excuse me~, is LOCK here~?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: We just happened to be passing by, so we brought you a treat~. It's the newest item at Yamabuki Bakery, the Michelle bun!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you very much!
Kasumi: Hm? What's that poster for? Shoot for... your dreams...?
LOCK (Rokka): It looks like Galaxy will be holding preliminaries for this competition. The top two bands get to compete at the Budokan!
Kasumi: Whoa~! The Budokan?! Really?!
LOCK (Rokka): I just heard about it myself. It's incredible, isn't it?
Rimi: Too incredible~.
Kasumi: Should we join?
Tae: Yeah!
Saya: I don't know if we'll make it to the finals, but it sounds like a good goal to aim for.
Tae: Alright, huddle up, everyone.
Kasumi: Come on, Arisa, you too!
Arisa: ... Jeez~.
Kasumi: Alright, let's make it all the way to the Budokan~!
Poppin'Party: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!
LOCK (Rokka): (Poppin'Party's joining the Girls Band Challenge...)
Kasumi: Hey... Do you want to enter too, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? I-I...
Kasumi: Join us as we aim for the Budokan, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? ... Whaaat?!
Rimi: Your performance during the culture festival was incredible.
Arisa: No kidding. Your fingers moved so fast that I couldn't even see them.
LOCK (Rokka): I was so focused on playing that I don't really remember. I'm just glad I was able to help...
Saya: The crowd couldn't take their eyes off of your guitar-playing.
Kasumi: You're always welcome to join Poppin'Party~!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you very much!
