event19-04 Chapter 3: Which Way is South?!

The missions just keep on coming. On the surface, everything seems to be going smoothly, but...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Deserted Island - Cabin]

Hina: You guys, we're back~! We brought lots of food~!
Eve: Aya-san, Chisato-san, look! We have so many of this fruit! It looks tasty!
Chisato: Ahh... Welcome back. I'm glad you're all okay.
Aya: Mhm, me too...
Maya: Did something happen to you two? You look exhausted...
Chisato: We're okay. It's nothing.
Maya: R-really? If you say so...
Chisato: More importantly, did everything go as planned? You didn't get lost on your way back?
Eve: Actually, thanks to Maya-san, we had no problem at all!
Hina: Mhm! Maya-chan was our star player!
Maya: N-no need to exaggerate so much. It was no big deal...
Aya: Wahhh~, I wanna hear about it! Tell me! What did she do?!
Chisato: I'm interested as well. However, I'm sure you're all very tired, seeing as how you just got back. Why don't we eat while we talk?
Eve: Yeah! Let's eat! After all, they do say 'an army marches on its stomach'!
Maya: Ah-ahaha... This is kind of embarrassing...
(Black cut)
Aya: All done! The fruits were great! Maya-chan, Hina-chan, Eve-chan, thank you so much!
Maya: No problem! We're glad we could help! I hope our next mission can go as smoothly as the last one though...
Eve: Ah, here comes the staff member!
Staff: Girls, congratulations on completing your first mission. Let's keep moving forward. Here's the next one.
Staff: Your second mission is... to search for the Flower Field of Illusions!
Aya: Flower Field of Illusions? H-hmm... I wonder where that could be. This island is really big. I'm not sure we'll be able to find it.
Hina: Okay~!! Hint, please~!!
Staff: Let's see... Okay, as a reward for clearing your first mission, I will give you one hint. If you're looking toward it from this room, you'd be facing south.
Maya: South...
Chisato: So first we have to figure out which direction is which.
Hina: I think south is that way! That's what my gut says!
Chisato: I trust your gut, but we should make sure to think about this carefully. If we make a mistake, it'd be a huge waste of time and we could end up running into trouble.
Maya: ... Let's start by going outside. We might be able to find a clue out there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Deserted Island - Forest]

Aya: Uhm, so the sun rises from the east, right? Oh, but we don't know what time it is, and it's right above us. There's no way to tell which direction it came from...
Eve: Maya-san! Do you have any ideas?
Maya: Before we started recording, I took a brief look at methods for figuring out which direction is which using a watch, but...
Chisato: You don't have the watch necessary for those methods...
Maya: Right, I didn't imagine they would take that too...
Hina: Hmm... It would have been so much easier if we just wrote 'south' or 'west' or something on the trees...
Maya: ... Hm? South... on the trees? Trees... South... Ah!
Aya: M-Maya-chan? Why are you sitting down...?
Maya: I just wanted to check the base of this tree...
Chisato: The base? I'm pretty sure the only thing there is moss, though...
Maya: Yep, that's exactly what I was looking for... Having a lot of moss growing at the base of a tree means that sunlight doesn't really reach the area, right?
Maya: And if there's no sun coming from that direction, that must mean that it's most likely to be north.
Maya: However, just a few patches here and there could be a coincidence. If you guys could help me search for moss, we could get a much clearer picture of which direction is which.
All Four: ...
Maya: Y-you guys, is everything okay? Did I say something wrong...?
Aya: Th-that's amazing, Maya-chan!
Maya: Huh...?
Chisato: Yeah, it really is. I would have never thought of a method like that on my own.
Eve: Nothing less from the Pastel＊Palettes survival master! This is when we say, 'You're in a class of your own!' Right?!
Maya: I-it's no big deal, really...
Hina: Alrighty, you heard the girl! Let's get to it already! Beginning the hunt for moss~!
(Black cut)
Aya: We've pretty much checked all of the trees in this area!
Maya: With all your help, we finished so quickly! Thanks!
Hina: So did you figure out which way is south?
Maya: Yes. Taking all of the moss you all found into consideration... south should be in this direction!
Chisato: (The staff members all seem uneasy. South must really be this way.)
Hina: You're so amazing, Maya-chan~. I'm pretty good at remembering all kinds of things, but I can't do something like read a map at all~.
Chisato: She sure is. I'm glad you're here with us, Maya-chan♪
Chisato: (Though, with things going so smoothly, this might not make for good TV... But we haven't broken any rules, so no need to worry too much♪)
