event19-01 Opening: New Song! With a Catch...

A Pastel＊Palettes television special has been scheduled! Everyone is excited, but...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Pastel＊Palettes' Office]

Aya: Good morning...! ... Huh? I'm the last one here? Wait, am I late?!
Eve: Good morning, Aya-san! I just got here too!
Chisato: The agency staff member isn't here yet, so you're okay, Aya-chan.
Hina: Hey, hey, so I got a message earlier. Did you guys get one too~? What did it say?
Chisato: I'm pretty sure all it said was, "We have an important announcement."
Maya: I got the same one.
Aya: So no one knows...?
Chisato: Right, we haven't heard the news yet.
Aya: Th-this whole, gathering without knowing why... It feels kind of like the time when Pastel＊Palettes was formed.
Aya: Wh-what if it's something bad~?!
Hina: Hmm... I think it'll be A-OK~.
Maya: What makes you think that?
Hina: No reason really. I just have a feeling... I sense something boppin' in our future!
Chisato: That's right. It's always better to think positively. We should all learn from Hina-chan.
Eve: Ah, the staff member is here!
Staff: Hello everyone. Sorry I'm late. I want to get to the announcement right away since it's important.
Staff: Rejoice! You girls will have your very own two-hour special! Airing on TV!
Aya: Huh...? What~?! A special?! O-on TV?!
Maya: Since it's airing on TV, that means a lot of people are going to see it, right...? J-just imagining it makes me nervous...
Hina: So I was right. It is something boppin'♪ Ehehe, I gotta tell Sis about it!
Chisato: ...
Eve: Uhm, excuse me... How does this "special" thing work?
Aya: It basically means they're going to be airing something specifically about us! Kind of like they made us our very own TV show~♪
Eve: A P-Pastel＊Palettes TV show?! Th-that's wonderful...!
Staff: Wait, there's more! In conjunction with the special, it's been decided that a new song will also be planned for release!
Aya: A new song too?! Wahhh~, I can't believe it! I must be dreaming~!
Hina: Ahaha. Aya-chan, your eyes are looking watery~♪
Aya: I-it's just...
Maya: Huhehe... I know how you feel Aya-san. I'm a bit moved myself...
Eve: Two things to make us happy at once... It's like killing two birds with one stone, right?!
Aya: Th-that doesn't seem quite the same... But anyway, this is amazing!
Chisato: It sure is. Having a new song released during the television special is perfect timing.
Chisato: So what will this special be about?
Staff: You will all be on a deserted island while you try to complete various types of missions.
Staff: If you're able to complete every mission, the new song will be released as a reward.
Aya: Huh?! W-wait... So that means if we're unable to complete them all, then there won't be a new song?!
Maya: A survival game where failure is not an option...
Eve: A deserted island... Will we all make it back okay...?
Aya: That's too brutal! I-it's a TV show! I'm sure we'll all be just fine! More importantly, I'm worried about the new song~!
Hina: Surviving on a deserted island, huh? Sounds really fun♪ So, this is where the boppin' vibes were coming from.
Chisato: When will we start recording this special?
Staff: In three days! During that time, we will be making preparations to go to the island.
Aya: What?! That soon?!
Chisato: (I see... Sounds like this ship has sailed... There's no way we can refuse at this point.)
Staff: Here are the materials regarding the program planning and scheduling. Alright, make it a good one, you guys!
Maya: There's not much time left before we leave. We have to start getting ready right away...
Hina: Hey, uhh, can we bring snacks too~?
Chisato: Hina-chan, this isn't a field trip.
Eve: ... Ah! I might have seen this in a historical drama before... Is this 'banishment'?!
Maya: Eve-san... Two completely different things.
Chisato: A deserted island... Sigh... I'm sure there are a lot of bugs there...
Aya: I'm excited that we have our own special, but I wonder if we'll be able to complete all of the missions...
Aya: ... No, the release of a new song is on the line here! This is no time for doubt! Alright, girls! Let's give it our best shot!
All: Yeah~!!
