event19-06 Chapter 5: Shouting from the Mountaintop

Now that the members of Pastel＊Palettes have made it to the Flower Field in one piece, the last mission is ready to be announced.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Deserted Island - Flower Field]

Aya: Huff... Huff... Huff... W-we finally made it!
Aya: ... Huh? You guys... Look... This view...
Eve: Wow... The flower petals are dancing... Kind of like kabuki theater! This is the flower field we had to find, right?!
Hina: It really is~♪ Everywhere you look, flowers, flowers and more flowers! Things are totally boppidy boppin' now♪
Chisato: Fufu, just looking at the wonderful scenery makes all of the exhaustion we felt up until now disappear, doesn't it♪
Maya: Yep! I feel like I'm not tired at all anymore!
Aya: Could it be that... we worked so hard to get here that we're seeing the view as being even more amazing than it is?
Eve: I don't think so! I think it really is just that beautiful!
Staff: Girls, good work! You all did a great job getting here! This is the mission finish line.
Chisato: This is the finish line? In other words, you mean...
Aya: Are you saying we cleared all of the missions?!
Staff: Yes! Congratulations!
Aya: R-really?! Yay~!!
Eve: We did it! We all made it out in one piece! Chisato-san, Hina-san, Maya-san! Be happier! Rejoice!
Maya: ... Sigh... More so than being happy, I feel extremely relieved...
Hina: Aww, we're already done~? I wanted to do more adventuring~.
Chisato: More importantly, the missions we completed were gathering food, crossing a bridge and looking for a flower field...
Chisato: I feel like that's a pretty short list...
Staff: Well, actually...
(Black cut)
Aya: What?! So there were a lot more missions, but Maya-chan kept on completing them before you could announce them?!
Staff: Right. We consulted an outdoors specialist to prepare the missions, but Maya-san continued beating us to the punch. Not to mention how naturally she did it. It blew our minds...
Maya: Oh, r-really...? Sorry, I feel kinda bad... I'm still just an amateur, so I don't really have a great sense of what you guys are thinking...
Staff: No no, no need! At first, we were nervous that the special wouldn't be very successful, but your actions and ability to be decisive in the moment were outstanding!
Aya: I think so too! Maya-chan is really dependable! And you were so cool~♪
Maya: N-no... I certainly was not...
Eve: Wah! Such humility... Maya-san, your very soul is filled with the spirit of bushido!
Chisato: All of your decision making was very helpful, Maya-chan.
Hina: Mhm, mhm! It was like... you were more boppin' than usual!
Maya: Ah... w-was I? Ehehe, I'm happy I could help you all with something that's not band related.
Aya: ... Ah! Ahh~!! Oh yeah!
Maya: Wh-what's wrong, Aya-san?! Why are you yelling?!
Aya: The new song! Our new song!
Maya: ... New song...? Ah! That's right!
Aya: The rule was that if we completed all of the missions on this island, our new song would be released! I completely forgot, with how stressful the missions were and all...
Aya: But now that they're all completed...
Staff: Indeed! Just as promised, we will be releasing your new song!
Aya: Y-yay~!!
Maya: Aya-san! Isn't that great?! We did it! And we can be happy about it together!
Eve: Th-this is amazing! I feel like I'm dreaming!
Hina: Ahaha♪ This is so exciting! Right, Chisato-chan?!
Chisato: Fufu, looks like all of our hard work paid off.
Staff: ... Well, I'd like to leave it at that, but~...
Aya: ... B-but what?!
Staff: I'd like to share with you all your final special mission!
Aya: S-special mission?!
Maya: W-we weren't told anything about this!
Staff: Right, that's because we just decided on it!
Eve: Huh, just now?!
Staff: The mission is... let everyone know about your CD by shouting from the mountaintop!
Chisato: Shouting... from the mountaintop?
Staff: Yes! We only need one person who will scream at the top of their lungs. Make sure you yell as loudly as possible, okay?
Maya: I just imagined someone yelling all by themselves... Seems pretty embarrassing. So if we're going to send one person...
Hina: At times like this, the answer is obvious... right?!
Aya: ... Huh?! Why is everyone looking at me?!
Hina, Chisato, Eve & Maya: You can do it! We're counting on you! Please and thank you!
Aya: What~?!?! M-me~?!
(Black cut)

[Deserted Island - Mountaintop]

Staff: Alright, Aya Maruyama-san! We're rolling in 3, 2, 1...
Aya: P-Pastel＊Palettes' new CD, coming soon~!! Yay~!! I hope you're all looking forward to it~!!
