event19-07 Ending: A Laugh from the Past

The girls watch the TV special and look back on that day. They can't help but wonder what the fans have to say...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Pastel＊Palettes' Office]

Television: P-Pastel＊Palettes' new CD, coming soon~!! Yay~!! I hope you're all looking forward to it~!!
Television: And with that, the girls of Pastel＊Palettes were able to complete all of their missions and release their new song. Next up on our list of specials is...
Aya: ... That was so good~!
Eve: They caught a lot of good shots of you playing a big role, Maya-san!
Aya: Mhm, mhm♪ ... Ah, that's right! I was thinking I would look online to see what everyone thought after seeing you on there, Maya-chan!
Maya: They weren't paying me any mind.
Chisato: I'm pretty sure they were. Like the person who wrote this: "My image of Maya has always been her saying 'huhehe,' but she really comes through when she needs to."
Aya: Yeah, and this one: "You know, she was really serious during the special and didn't really say 'huhehe.' The cool expression she was making was really cute too!"
Hina: Hmhmm~♪ It looks like everyone has started to understand what makes Maya-chan charming.
Maya: I-it can't just be all about me... What are people writing about you guys?
Eve: Uhh... Ah, I found a post about Hina-san: "I thought it was fun to watch everyone freak out when Hina-chan was swinging the bridge back and forth."
Hina: Wahhh~! I was fun~!
Chisato: We were all actually scared though...
Aya: I didn't even mean to, but I laughed when I saw Aya-chan yelling from the mountaintop lol... I-I'm just gonna pretend I never saw that!
Eve: B-but your announcement was so full of life!
Chisato: I could tell Aya-chan was doing her best on that mountaintop, but I couldn't tell what she was saying at all. All I could do was laugh.
Aya: I-I'll keep doing my best...
Aya: It was super cute when Eve-chan was standing tall with her wooden sword and that smile on her face! Fufu, I get what they mean!
Eve: That means I was able to convey the spirit of bushido to everyone!
Aya: Next up is Chisato-chan! "It was interesting to watching Chisato-chan so casually brush off those intense missions."
Hina: Is that what she was doing?
Chisato: That certainly wasn't my intention...
Aya: But, just as we thought, most posts and impressions are about Maya-chan!
Eve: I think that was to be expected! Without Maya-san, we might not have even been able to complete the missions!
Chisato: Yeah, that's right.
Maya: ...
Eve: It was all thanks to you that we did so well! Thank you so much!
Eve: Now for a hug of appreciation♪
Maya: Wah! Eve-san! You can't just hug me like that... It's embarrassing...
Chisato: That reminds me. You're supposed to get an offer to make a guest appearance on a game show.
Aya: That's amazing! Maya-chan, you did it!
Maya: Wh-what?! You mean me? Wh-what do I do...?
Eve: You're Maya-san! You'll be okay!
Chisato: That's right. Just be confident, and you'll be a hit.
Hina: And if you'll be appearing on TV, Pastel＊Palettes will become much more popular as well.
Maya: Pastel＊Palettes, too...?
Maya: That makes me happy... Since I'm able to help you all out in a way that's unrelated to playing the drums... H-huhehe...
Hina: Ah~! There is it! Maya-chan's 'huhehe'! I feel like it's been forever since I've heard it!
Maya: S-sorry. I know I was told not to, but it just slipped...
Aya: What~? No need to worry about that! I think the cool Maya-chan and the cute Maya-chan that we always have around are both totally fine!
Chisato: Yeah. Without realizing, I've become comfortable with it.
Maya: Oh, r-really...? Huhehe, thanks.
