event19-03 Chapter 2: Mission Start!

Their first mission begins! Everyone tries to convince Aya that it would be better for her to take on the standby role, but...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Deserted Island - Cabin]

Staff: Alright, here's your first mission!
Aya: Huh?! We only just got to the cabin!
Staff: Okay, I'll read it to you. The first mission is to gather food on your own!
Chisato: (They're really into this. The last time, Maya-chan took the words right out of their mouths, so I imagine they're feeling relieved.)
Eve: Gather food...? So like 'starvation tactics'!
Chisato: Eve-chan, I don't think that's what people mean when they say that.
Chisato: More importantly... It's as I thought. Seems like we'll have to gather everything that's not water by ourselves.
Aya: Heh heh heh~, don't you worry, guys! If we're gathering food, the reference book I brought should come in handy!
Maya: Aya-san, can I take a look at that...? ... Whoa, this is amazing! It explains so clearly what you can and can't eat!
Eve: That's Aya-san for ya!
Hina: Yo, Aya-chan! Nice job~♪
Aya: Ehehe, I'm glad I could help!
Maya: Alright, why don't we decide on who will be taking this book with them to collect food?
Hina: Why aren't we all going? Wouldn't that be more fun?
Aya: Yeah! And we'll find a lot more food that way.
Maya: That may be true, but... we've all only just arrived here.
Maya: In other words, we're unfamiliar with this place... If we all go out under those circumstances and run into trouble, we'll be unable to complete our mission.
Maya: Which is why I think we should split up into a search team and a standby team before we do anything... I believe that would give us a higher survival rate.
Hina: Whoa~, that makes so much sense!
Aya: Trouble... Survival rate... M-mhm, makes sense to me too...
Eve: Maya-san... What happens if we get separated while we're looking for food...?
Hina: We can send a smoke signal, right? Not that I know how to make a fire!
Maya: If that happens, there are many different things you can do, like staying in one place and yelling for help. I'll teach you guys later.
Eve: Thank you!
Chisato: (Trouble...? I think everyone's completely forgotten that there's a film crew here...)
Aya: Okay, then let's split into teams and get looking already! Who should be on standby?
Hina: Hmm, let's see~... I think you should stay here, Aya-chan. Just a hunch.
Aya: What?! Why?! I can search!
Chisato: In that case, why don't I stay here with Aya-chan? It'd be really concerning if something happened to her.
Eve: Aya-san, we'll bring back tons of food! I hope you're excited!
Aya: Wh-why do I get the feeling that everyone's already decided that I'll be staying?!
Maya: Everyone really cares about you, so we're worried. We just want you to sit back and believe in us, okay?
Aya: N-ngh... This is like when we were walking around the island... I'm not sure how I feel about this~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Deserted Island - Forest]

Hina: Hmhmhmm~♪ ...?! I just felt a boppin' vibe come from over here! I can sense it... There's definitely food in this direction!
Eve: H-Hina-san! Don't go too far or we'll lose you!
Hina: It's fine, don't worry! ... Ah! This tree is a weird shape! Maya-chan~! How's this one?
Maya: Oh! That one's good. Just gotta take this, and... there.
Maya: It's a good thing we brought this knife. It's so easy to mark the trees with.
Eve: Maya-san, you're been putting marks on trees that stand out. Why is that?
Maya: Well, I thought if I did this, and we can't figure out where the cabin is, by looking at these marks, we'd be able to get a little closer to it...
Eve: Oh, I see! That's amazing, Maya-san! You're thinking so far ahead...
Hina: Mhm, mhm. She sure is~. Could it be? You're actually an experienced survivalist?
Maya: No no, no way! I don't have that kind of experience!
Maya: It's just that normally, if I'm going somewhere for the first time, I take note of unique landmarks so that I don't get lost on my way back. All I'm doing is putting that same idea into practice.
Eve: But I still think it's amazing that you could apply that when you're on a deserted island!
Hina: ... Hm? What's that? Hey hey, look at that tree! Isn't there something round and boppin' over there?
Eve: ... Ah, there is! That's definitely a fruit!
Hina: Right?!
Maya: Hold on a second! Let me check the reference book to see if it's edible!
Maya: ... Hmm, a round fruit with a reddish-pink color... right?
Maya: ... Oh~! Looks like we can eat it! And it's supposed to be tasty!
Eve: We did it! We just have to pick these fruits, and it's mission complete!
Hina: Yay~!
Eve: The other two are waiting for us! Let's bring them back a bunch!
Hina & Maya: Yeah!
