event19-02 Chapter 1: Could We Hold On a Sec'?

The girls have arrived at the deserted island. As soon as the cameras start rolling, Maya decides to make a suggestion.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Deserted Island - Sandy Beach]

Hina: Wow~, the water is so beautiful~!
Hina: And there's no one here, so it feels like a Pastel＊Palettes private beach. Ehehe, I'm totally boppin' now♪
Chisato: It seems that the only thing the staff members have prepared for us is water... It's up to us to figure out the rest...
Chisato: (The rule is that the staff will provide as little support as possible... This is a lot more like the real thing than I expected.)
Maya: We are definitely on a southern island... With this humidity, it's like the air and the heat are sticking to my skin.
Maya: ... Uh, Aya-san? You've been really fidgety. Is something wrong?
Aya: Ah-ahaha... Well, one of the staff members came to collect our cell phones, right? It's kind of unsettling to not have something you're always carrying.
Chisato: They did say we can only bring one personal item each.
Eve: What did you bring, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I brought a soft blanket. For when we sit on a hard floor or when we take breaks... I thought it might be useful.
Hina: I brought a picture of my big sister! No matter where I am, as long as I have this, I can sleep like a baby♪
Maya: Ah-ahaha... You really love Sayo-san, don't you?
Aya: So... We're on the deserted island, but now what should we do?
Maya: We're supposed to complete missions prepared by the staff, right?
Eve: Complete missions...? Like trying to stop a sword with your hands, for example?
Aya: Huh?! Th-that's probably too dangerous, no? What if you fail...?!
Chisato: The missions probably won't be that crazy, but we should still be ready.
Aya: O-of course! There's no way we would do something like that...
Aya: Okay! Let's survive and return home in one piece!
Aya: And let's do everything we can to get that new song released! I know I'll be doing my very best!
Hina, Chisato, Eve & Maya: ...
Aya: ... Wh-what? What's wrong, you guys?
Chisato: ... Nothing. Aya-chan, you don't need to work so hard. You should... try not to overdo it, okay?
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan...? What's that supposed to mean?
Hina: Uhh... Well, Aya-chan... Uhm, you're just kinda, you know...
Aya: I-I know what?
Maya: Aya-san, if you need anything, definitely let me know! No matter what happens, I'll be sure to help you out!
Eve: Me too! If something happens, I can protect you with my wooden sword!
Hina: So you brought a wooden sword with you, Eve-chan? That's so cool!
Eve: I did! Because a sword is a warrior's very being!
Chisato: A wooden sword...? I mean, that is fitting for you, Eve-chan, but...
Chisato: Anyway, let's give Aya-chan all the support she needs. No letting her strain herself.
Hina, Maya & Eve: Yeah!
Aya: G-guys... I'm happy you want to protect me, but... I-I'm not sure how I feel about this~!!
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... Oh, all of the staff have gathered. It seems like we're about to start filming, but could you maybe explain in a little more detail what we'll actually be doing?
Staff A: We'll explain whatever you need to know as we go!
Chisato: (Th-that just seems irresponsible... I'm not so sure about this planning...)
Staff A: Alright... Action! The camera's rolling!
Staff A: Good afternoon, girls of Pastel＊Palettes! Let's jump right in with your first mission!
Maya: Could we hold on for a second? I was hoping you guys would let us make one quick round before the missions. I'd like to get a feel for the size of the island.
Aya: Does that mean we'll be entering the forest...? I-is that okay? What if something jumps out at us...?
Maya: Yeah, there might be some dangers along the way, but that gives us even more reason to look. I think It's important that we know where those dangerous areas are ahead of time.
Maya: It's even possible that this coast is the most dangerous place on the island.
Chisato: I see... So we can make the most out of each area, right?
Hina: I'm all for it. After all, taking a walk with you guys is sure to be fun♪
Chisato: Alright, why don't we go with Maya-chan's plan and make a trip around the island?
Chisato: (... Hm? The staff members are being weird.)
Staff A: Hey... Is this okay? According to the script, the first mission is an investigation of the island...
Staff B: That's alright, we'll do some edits and make it work somehow. That Maya girl is impressive though, being able to think so calmly in a situation like this.
Chisato: (Looks like they already had that planned and Maya-chan beat them to the punch.)
Maya: Okay then, let's be sure to stay out of direct sunlight as we cross through the forest. Getting hit by such strong rays can really drain your energy.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Deserted Island - Forest]

Maya: ... With that, we've circled the island once. There doesn't seem to be any particularly dangerous areas, which is nice. Alright, why don't we start moving toward the center?!
Aya: Mhm, okay! ... Huh? Look, guys! I see something!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Is that... a cabin? Let's search the inside. If it's safe, we can make that our base.
Hina: Okay, here goes! I'm first! Woo~!
Aya: Wah, Hina-chan! Don't go too far ahead! It's dangerous! W-wait~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Deserted Island - Cabin]

Chisato: A little dusty, but doesn't seem dangerous. There are even chairs and a table still... I wonder if someone was living here.
Eve: Just like Maya-san said, it looks like we can make this our base!
Maya: Yep, that's right. Okay everyone, let's take a short break and decide what we'll do nex-
Staff A: Okay! Cut!!
Maya: Huh?
Staff A: (Wouldn't want her jumping the gun again...)
Staff A: The moment you've all been waiting for! Your very first mission!
