event106-05 Chapter 4: Proof of a Challenge Met

Arisa tells Rinko about her discovery regarding the possibilities in music...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later - Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kanon: Um... Ah, Arisa-chan~.
Arisa: Whoa, Kanon-senpai! What is it? Do you need something?
Kanon: Are you busy today? I figured we had better start practicing the street performance like how it's actually going to take place...
Kanon: I'd like to go over some things, like the transitions between songs and whatnot. Would you mind if we discussed it after school?
Arisa: Right, it would be best to start doing that... As for today, I've got a few simple tasks for the student council, but I should be otherwise available.
Kanon: Thanks! Could you text me when you're done?
Arisa: Understood.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Hey, Arisa! What were you and Kanon-senpai talking about?
Tae: The two of you have been hanging out a lot lately, haven't you?
Arisa: Ah, well, here's the deal. With how our conversations tend to go, I never had a good time to bring it up before now, but...
(Black cut)
Tae & Saya & Rimi: A street performance?
Kasumi: Wow~! Awww, you're so lucky~. I want to play too~.
Kasumi: Hey, hey! Is there anything we can do to help?
Arisa: Hm, not at the moment~.
Kasumi: Awww, then come up with something~! Think good and hard, Arisa~.
Arisa: S-saying that won't change anything... Besides, why do you want to help out so much?
Saya: Arisa, isn't that how you were? You wanted to help out Kanon-senpai at the start of all this, didn't you? It's the same thing, right?
Arisa: Well, when you put it that way...
Rimi: A street performance~. Playing outdoors does seem nice. Good luck, Arisa-chan! We'll definitely be there to cheer you on.
Saya: For sure. And we mean that, don't we~? Expect us to be loud and proud, Arisa.
Tae: I'll start cheering right here and now. Go for it, Arisa~!
Arisa: Stop! Keep your voice down! Everyone is staring...
Arisa: But yeah, about the show... I, uh... Okay. I'll do my best.
Saya: Oh, now that's rare. Can't remember the last time Arisa said that.
Arisa: Hey, it's not my fault Kanon-senpai is so pumped. I've got to give it my all for her sake and all that.
Tae: That sentiment right there is what matters. Just make sure you have a good time as well.
Arisa: Yeah... You're right. Thanks, O-Tae.
Kasumi: Mmm~! I'm still so jealous~! Good luck, Arisa~!
Arisa: A-alright already! I get it! Stop squeezing me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student-Council Room]

Arisa: There. The meeting documents are all finished. Next is...
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... You are finishing all of your tasks rather quickly today... Will you be... practicing with Matsubara-san later...?
Arisa: Th-that's right. We'll be meeting up after this... Wait, how did you know about that?
Rinko: Matsubara-san... told me all about the street performance... Your rehearsals... seem to be going well...
Arisa: Yes, they are. The more we practice, the better our songs seem to sound.
Arisa: The way we imagined the music is starting to take form, and it feels like we're both working towards the same goal.
Arisa: That feeling grows stronger with each rehearsal... You know, like what we're doing actually means something.
Rinko: Fufu... Ichigaya-san... It is obvious that you're enjoying yourself...
Arisa: D-do you think so...? Sure, that's not too far off, I guess.
Arisa: I've never played anything outside of Poppin'Party songs before, so it's like discovering a bunch of new things...
Arisa: When we practice, it feels totally different from when I play with Poppin'Party, and that's really refreshing in a way...
Rinko: I believe... that feeling you're referring to... is almost certainly... a result of challenging yourself, Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: Huh? Challenging myself? No, it's nothing as deep as all that. I figured I'd give it a try since Kanon-senpai bothered inviting me.
Rinko: You thought to give it a try... That feeling... is very important, in my opinion...
Rinko: What spurred me into participating... in that piano competition... was a small feeling like that one...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai...
Rinko: I very much hope... that you discover... something new... through this street performance...
Arisa: Thank you... I'd also like to feel... something new.
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... Please give it your all...
Arisa: I will!
