event106-01 Opening: Street Concert

Kanon calls out to Arisa while she watches a street concert.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student-Council Room]

Rinko: Ichigaya-san... All of the paperwork is finished... The only thing left is to tally the votes from the survey, correct...?
Arisa: Y-yes. I'm taking care of that right now. I should be done soon.
Rinko: Good... Then everything will be ready for tomorrow...
Arisa: You were a huge help. Sorry for all this, though. Here I am, bothering you when you've got band practice after this...
Rinko: I still have time to spare... and we can finish more quickly as a team... so please don't concern yourself...
Rinko: Besides... Ichigaya-san... you have always been there to help me with my work...
Arisa: That may be true, but you bail me out way more often and stuff...
Arisa: The other day, when everyone had their hands tied with those reports, you still took the time to check the supply stock for me.
Arisa: You're always keeping an eye on what goes on around here.
Rinko: No, not at all... If anything... I believe... that better describes you...
Arisa: Who, me? No way, I'm nothing like that.
Rinko: You simply haven't noticed that side of yourself... Ichigaya-san... I feel that you... are very observant... down to the smallest detail...
Arisa: I see... Th-thank you very much...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Nnn, I'm beat~. I'm just glad we were able to finish everything before tomorrow.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai saves the day once again... Hm? What's with that big crowd?
Arisa: Oh, some guitarist is putting on a street performance...
Kanon: Ah. So you're here too, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Whoa, Kanon-senpai...? I was passing through just now... Huh? Wait, have you been watching this show?
Kanon: Yeah, but I haven't been here long, either. I was doing some shopping nearby when I noticed the huge crowd.
Arisa: It really is something. I can't believe a single guitarist pulled in this big of an audience.
Kanon: I know~. Do you think they're nervous being so close to all these people?
Arisa: Could be. It's nothing like what goes on in a typical live house. Ugh, all those piercing eyes right up in your face...
Kanon: I know what you mean! My legs wouldn't stop trembling that one time.
Arisa: That one time? Oh yeah, you've put on a street performance before, right?
Kanon: Uh-huh. I was carrying my snare drum near the station entrance when Kokoro-chan invited me to perform with her.
Arisa: Ah, I remember hearing this story before.
Kanon: But it wasn't really a street performance. More like an ad lib.
Arisa: Huh? Ad lib...?
Kanon: Kokoro-chan sang whatever came to mind, and I tried to play along with the drum.
Kanon: I was nervous beyond belief, so much so that I couldn't even look up at the audience.
Arisa: I imagine a freestyle show like that would draw a lot of attention.
Kanon: It seems so long ago, fufu. And when it was over, a huge crowd had formed around us...
Arisa: You said you were nervous, but I bet that must have felt like a huge accomplishment.
Kanon: Fufu. Why not give it a try yourself, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: What?! I could never do anything like that.
Kanon: Fufu, just kidding. But you know...
Kanon: I think I'd like to have another go at it...
Arisa: ... Huh?
