event106-07 Ending: A Ring of Smiles at the Station

The show's over! Arisa and Kanon have gotten through their street concert...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Rinko Shirokane)

[After the Street Performance]

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Huff... huff... It's finally over...
Kanon: The whole thing felt like a dream...
Kanon: Having that much fun, getting the audience that excited... So this is what I missed out on the first time.
Kanon: I... will never forget today.
Arisa: You said it. The moment we finished, I felt my entire body relaxed and thought to myself: "We did it..."
Arisa: That's when I heard your voice... and the voices of everyone around us...
Kasumi: Arisa~! Kanon-senpai~!
Kanon & Arisa: ...?!
Kasumi: Yes, yes, yesss~! That was so cool, you guys~!
Kanon: Fueee, don't shake me, Kasumi-chan~...
Arisa: Wh-why do you always have to cling to me like that?! Get off...!
Kasumi: Awww, but I can't think of how else to share these feelings~.
Rimi: Your performance was super cool, you two~.
Saya: Everyone stopped what they were doing to watch the show. It gave me goosebumps!
Arisa: Goosebumps... Aren't you exaggerating a bit?
Tae: Not at all. The way you played had me trembling.
Kaoru: Brave were my little kittens as they frolicked and played... Still so clear and vivid in my mind... Ah, how fleeting.
Hagumi: My body was moving all on its own! You two are something else! Kano-chan-senpai, Aa-chan!
Misaki: I already heard you play during rehearsal, but today was the best performance yet, wasn't it?
Kanon: I think so! It's thanks to all the feedback you gave us, Misaki-chan.
Arisa: That and Okusawa-san's arrangement was just... really, really good.
Misaki: No, no, no. Forget about me. You two did a great job out there.
Kokoro: Mmm~! Kanon, Arisa! You were so amazing~! Think of all those new smiles you helped bring out!
Kokoro: Let's bring out more and more lovely smiles~! Here we go~! La~♪ La, la, la~♪
Arisa: Right now?!
Kasumi: Kokoron~! Let me join you~!
Arisa: H-hold on! You guys are getting way too excited.
Kanon: Hahaha...
Chisato: Good job today. It was a splendid performance.
Kanon: Thanks, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: So... were you able to finally see what you were longing for?
Kanon: Uh-huh! I'm not sure, but that was probably it. Everyone was having such a great time.
Kanon: It was such an amazing experience, not to mention how happy I felt being surrounded by all those cheerful faces.
Chisato: Fufu. I would love to hear more about it. Do fill me in later, as was discussed.
Kanon: Mhm, of course.
Rinko: Ichigaya-san... Were you able to learn anything... from your street performance...?
Arisa: Hmmm, well~... Nothing in particular stands out, but...
Arisa: It was, like, a huge learning experience for me. I've never had a chance to be in charge of the melody until now.
Arisa: I'm not sure what I found through doing this, but... I do know that music is pretty cool.
Rinko: It would seem that... you truly have... discovered something worthwhile, then...
Arisa: M-maybe you're right~...
Rinko: Yes... I believe I just might be... Fufufu.
Kanon: Arisa-chan, Rinko-chan. Sorry for interrupting. We need to start cleaning up now.
Arisa: Ah, right! See you later, Rinko-senpai.
(Black cut)

[Street Performance Clean-Up]

Arisa: Phew, that should be everything.
Kanon: Yeah, I think that's good enough. Thanks for today, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: No, I should be thanking you. I feel like my eyes have been opened to a ton of new things.
Arisa: At first, I wasn't too sure if I could handle something like a street performance, but now I'm so glad I gave it a try.
Arisa: So yeah, um... thank you very much for asking me to join you.
Kanon: And I'm so glad that you actually decided to come, Arisa-chan. I had a blast working on the music together and playing with you.
Kanon: If you don't mind... I'd like to do this again sometime.
Arisa: Absolutely! But if we do, Kasumi is probably going to be there too. She was begging me to let her come along earlier.
Kanon: Fufu, Kokoro-chan said the same thing. Okay, why don't we have both bands play together, then?
Arisa: Oh boy, I can already imagine what a mess that'll be~.
Kanon: But think of how much fun we'll have! Fufu, I can't wait!
(Black cut)
