event106-04 Chapter 3: New Discoveries

In order to prepare for their concert, Arisa and Kanon practice together for the first time.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Studio]

Arisa: It's good that we were able to snag a reservation on such short notice.
Kanon: Marina-san showed me their openings, and this week did seem pretty booked.
Kanon: Alright, let's get to practicing. The score we got from Misaki-chan yesterday is... Ah, found it.
Arisa: I guess if we're going to play anything, it should be this one first.
Kanon: Yep! I've been dying to play this with you ever since last night~.
Arisa: I went through it on my own already, so I'm ready whenever you are.
Kanon: Same here. Let's go for it!
(Black cut)

[After The Performance]

Arisa: Ohhh... Is it me, or did that sound pretty good...?
Kanon: You thought so too...? I felt the exact same way!
Arisa: Right?! I figured it would be a lot harder, but it wasn't bad at all...
Kanon: We've never had much of a chance to play together if you think about it.
Arisa: As for me, I was a little worried because I haven't played many tracks that weren't made by Poppin'Party.
Kanon: Oh, I had no idea.
Kanon: But yeah, now that I think about it, hearing a keyboard in one of our songs was a refreshing new experience.
Arisa: You know that build up before the chorus? And the way it takes off right after? That made me realize how it's a little different than the music Poppin'Party makes.
Arisa: This might be going too far, but it's almost like catching a glimpse of how deep music can really be...
Kanon: Yeah, I think I follow you. It's like, you can't help but be amazed by how wonderful music is.
Misaki: Ah, there you two are. Kanon-san, Ichigaya-san. Hard at work, I see~.
Kanon: Ah, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Ichigaya-san mentioned you'd be practicing here, so I thought I'd stop by and have a listen.
Arisa: I can't believe you actually came...
Misaki: Well, I was curious to see how the song is coming along. So, how did it go?
Kanon: It was great! Thanks for making such an amazing song!
Misaki: Nah, all I did was help give form to Kokoro's thoughts...
Kanon: Fufu, thanks to both you and Kokoro-chan, then.
Kanon: Arisa-chan and I were just talking about it. How we like that build up before the chorus and the way it really takes off from there.
Arisa: Ah, no! I never said anything about "liking" that. Just that I noticed it or whatever...
Misaki: Hahaha...
Arisa: B-but I, uh... Yeah, I thought it was a really good song. Really.
Misaki: Oh, thanks.
Misaki: Speaking of which, were there any areas that were too difficult? I'm not used to composing anything with a keyboard section, so feel free to let me know.
Arisa: Ah... If we're speaking honestly...
Misaki: Oh, what's up?
Arisa: It's not like it was hard to play or whatever, but... there was one section that came to mind.
Misaki: There's no need to sugarcoat things. I want this to be a song everyone is happy with since it's so important and all.
Kanon: I'd also like to hear what you thought, Arisa-chan. If we're going to be putting on a show together, then I think we should be on the same page.
Arisa: Okay, then... It's about this part of the score...
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... What do you think about making those kinds of changes?
Misaki: Oh, I think I get what you mean. Your way might give the chorus more impact, actually.
Kanon: I agree. And that would help its tempo even more.
Misaki: It wouldn't interfere with Kanon-san's part as much, either... Wow, I never considered that...
Misaki: And you came up with this after only running through it one time... That's Poppin'Party's keyboardist for you.
Arisa: No, I didn't do anything, really. It just sort of came to me...
Misaki: In other words, you appreciate the praise.
Arisa: Oh, shut up!
Misaki: So, would you be down for reviewing some other songs too? We could always use more of your insight, Ichigaya-sensei.
Arisa: Ugh, knock it off I said...!
