event106-06 Chapter 5: Let the Street Concert Begin!

The street concert is today! Kasumi and the others come to cheer on Kanon and Arisa.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[Restaurant]

Chisato: Ah, yes... This chocolate cake tastes delightful with a cup of warm tea.
Kanon: Fufu, it has been a while since we met like this, Chisato-chan. How is work going?
Chisato: Fortunately, I have been able to participate in many new things. How about you, Kanon? Is your street performance coming along well?
Kanon: Yes. Arisa-chan and I got in some practice yesterday. I'm feeling kind of anxious because the big day is almost here.
Chisato: Fufu, I also have experience in business ventures with Pastel＊Palettes, and it can be difficult to gain the attention of those passing by.
Kanon: I see. It makes sense that you'd be familiar with that kind of work, Chisato-chan.
Kanon: I've played in a street performance before, but I was way too scared to even look at the audience.
Chisato: And now you're having one again so that you have a second chance, yes? Please let me know what exactly you see once your show has finished, Kanon.
Kanon: Of course. I can't wait to tell you all about it.
Chisato: And I look forward to hearing it.
Chisato: Fufufu...
Kanon: Hm? What is it, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I have known you for a long time, but you certainly have grown tougher recently.
Kanon: Huh? Y-you really think so...?
Chisato: Still, I suppose that is to be expected after having joined Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: True! Thanks to meeting my bandmates, I've really come to enjoy playing music.
Kanon: Last time I was mostly a nervous wreck, but this time, I'm hoping to put on a performance like the ones the others and I always do.
Chisato: Fufu. What an exciting concert it is certain to be.
Kanon: Mhm, it's going to be one amazing show!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Day of the Street Performance]

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: The keyboard has been set up, Kanon-senpai.
Kanon: I'm all done too. That should be everything, right?
Arisa: Yes. All that's left is for us to decide when to begin.
Arisa: ... There are a lot more people than I expected. Was it like this the last time you played?
Kanon: I'm not sure. It's hard to remember, but I think it was kind of like this.
Arisa: I see... Do you think they'll stop and watch us? Ah, s-sorry. I shouldn't be like that before we even start...
Kanon: No, it's natural to feel nervous beforehand. My heart has been racing for a while now.
Kanon: But now, all we need to do is actually play. Don't worry, we practiced a lot to get here. It'll be fine.
Kasumi & Kokoro: Arisaaa~!  Kanooon~!
Kanon & Arisa: Kokoro-chan!  K-Kasumi!
Kasumi: Today is the big day, Arisa! And I'll be here cheering my heart out!
Kokoro: Kanon, when is your show starting? I've been positively itching to hear you play since yesterday!
Misaki: Alright, break it up. Sorry, guys. I know you need to focus before the show starts...
Tae: Arisa, you don't look so good. Did you eat anything today?
Arisa: It's because I'm sweating bullets over here!
Arisa: Sigh~. A little taste of the usual, and I already feel myself loosening up...
Kanon: Fufu. Thanks for coming out here today, everyone!
Hagumi: We won't be the only ones! Some others are on their way too!
Kasumi: Ah, it looks like Chisato-senpai made it! Over here~.
Chisato: Fufu, what a lively scene.
Kanon: Chisato-chan, you and Rinko-chan actually came!
Arisa: Th-thank you for going out of your way.
Rinko: I have been looking forward to... hearing the two of you play...
Chisato: How are you both feeling?
Kanon: About as nervous as I could be... but I feel like I can see the finish line better than before. And the faces of those around me.
Arisa: For sure. The same goes for me.
Chisato: Fufu, such a lovely expression. You are certain to put on a wonderful performance.
Rinko: If anyone can do it... it's Ichigaya-san... and Matsubara-san... Please be sure to enjoy yourselves...
Kanon & Arisa: You bet!  We will!
Kanon: Fufu. Okay, we had better get started. Are you ready, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Phew~. Yes, whenever you are.
Kanon: Alright, then... Let's do this!
(White cut)
