event106-03 Chapter 2: Arisa's Determination

Misaki appears as Arisa and Kanon prepare for their street concert...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later - After School]

[Restaurant]

Arisa: Alright, we have permission from the station to play.
Kanon: We can't stay for too long, but they said that around an hour or so is perfectly fine.
Arisa: Let's see, we've also rented all the supplies that we'll need... Looks like everything is coming along well enough.
Kanon: All thanks to you, Arisa-chan. The preparations went smoothly because you drew up a schedule and charted all the stuff we'd need.
Arisa: No way, I'm just used to making documents for the student council. Okay, all we have left to do is... Oh, this. Selecting the music.
Kanon: That's the tricky part~. All of our songs mean a lot to me, so it's kind of hard to choose...
Arisa: That makes sense. It can be hard to pick one when the tracks we make all mean so much to us...
Kanon: Exactly! No matter the song, they all hold some kind of memory, doing this and that together~.
Arisa: I totally get you. But hey, there's no need to rush. Take your time in thinking it over.
Kanon: You're right! Ah, are you okay for time, by the way?
Arisa: I'm good. I don't think I have anything planned for today outside of this meeting.
Kanon: Okay, that's a relief. Because Misaki-chan is actually going to be joining us soon.
Arisa: Oh, Okusawa-san...
Kanon: I'm not sure why, but it sounded like she wanted you to be here too, Arisa-chan.
Kanon: She should be here any minute now~... Ah! I think that's her! Misaki-chan~! Over here~!
Misaki: I apologize for the wait~. Sorry for doing this on such short notice. Brrr, it's freezing out there...
Kanon: Why not get something warm to drink? Here's the menu.
Misaki: Ah, there's something I want to give you first. Um, it should be in my bag...
Misaki: Found it. Here you go. This is yours, Kanon-san. And this one is for Ichigaya-san.
Kanon: Huh? Is this a... score? What's going on?
Misaki: Well, this is what Kokoro and I whipped up yesterday. We tried to go with something that would work for your street performance...
Kanon: Huh?! You made an entire song just for us?!
Misaki: You see, Kokoro insisted on doing whatever she could to help out with your show, and things just sort of went from there.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, I can't believe you two did all this...
Kanon: Thank you! I'll make sure this song gets the performance it deserves! Fufu, I'll have to thank Kokoro-chan later.
Misaki: Would you mind looking over the score one time? Please let me know if there are any areas that stand out. Feel free to help her, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: ... Huh? Me...?
Misaki: Trying to nail down the keyboard part is tough, you see. I mean, our band doesn't even have one.
Arisa: Huh?! W-w-w-wait a second!
Misaki: Why are you getting so worked up...?
Arisa: By 'keyboard part', are you implying that I should play it?
Misaki: ... Yes? Aren't you playing with her?
Arisa: Whaaat~?! Out of the question~!
Misaki: ... B-but you did say you were going to help with the show...
Arisa: I meant helping with the preparations and stuff!
Misaki: Oh, I see now. That's what you meant~... Sorry, I completely misunderstood you...
Misaki: So just to confirm, Ichigaya-san, you're saying you won't do it...?
Arisa: Absolutely not!
Misaki: Yeah, I thought so. In that case... Sorry, Kanon-san. Do you mind if I take back that score for now?
Misaki: I'll need to go back and do it over again. Hopefully it will be done by tomorrow... Sorry.
Kanon: N-no problem... I don't mind, but... Um, Arisa-chan...?
Arisa: Y-yes?
Kanon: Do you think you could... maybe try playing in the show with me?
Arisa: Huuuh?!
Kanon: Misaki-chan and Kokoro-chan went out of their way to make this song. I won't force you, of course...
Kanon: But I feel like being able to play with you would make my performance a lot more fun.
Arisa: More fun...?
Kanon: I had a blast doing the prep work with you.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kanon: That single performance was what helped me join Hello, Happy World! in the first place.
Kanon: The fact that I can barely remember what happened is kind of a shame, and that performance from the other day helped me realize that.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Arisa: ... I see... I understand. In that case...
Arisa: Okay, I'll do it.
Kanon: Huh?! You will?!
Misaki: Whoa, what's with the change of heart? You were totally against it a minute ago.
Arisa: Well, the score is already finished, right...? Besides...
Misaki: Yes?
Arisa: I mean, it's like... That feeling of accomplishment that Kanon-senpai is searching for? I kind of want to experience it for myself...
Kanon: Thanks for putting up with my request, Arisa-chan. Glad to have you on board!
Arisa: No, the pleasure is all mine. Let's... do everything we can to make sure the show is a success.
