event293-05 Chapter 4: Let’s Challenge!

Their shopping mall stroll comes to an end when something catches Tsukushi’s eye...

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shopping Mall]

Nanami: We really ended up going all over the place, huh? And we even got some valuable treasures out of it...!
Tsukushi: Fufu, that’s great. You know, it kinda made me want to start collecting things too.
Nanami: Oh, do it, do it~. Just don’t get too obsessed, okay~?
Tsukushi: Eh~, that’s not very convincing coming from you, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Fufu, fair point. I had so much fun doing all this with you today, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: Me too!
Nanami: But it’s getting kind of late now~. What do you think—head home soon?
Tsukushi: Hmm, maybe...
Nanami: Tsu-chan, don’t you still have somewhere you want to stop by~? No need to hold back with me.
Tsukushi: Jeez, what’s that supposed to mean? But, okay, I’ll take you up on that offer.
Tsukushi: I saw something earlier that caught my eye...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Knick-knack Shop - Patchwork Workshop]

Staff: Now please choose the pattern you’d like to try making from these options.
Nanami: Wow~. Which one are you gonna pick, Tsu-chan?
Tsukushi: Hmm... oh!
Nanami: Oh? Found one you like?
Tsukushi: Yeah! I think I’ll go with this one. Tsugumi-senpai’s café uses coasters with the same pattern, and I’ve always thought they were cute.
Nanami: Uh-Huh, this one’s called “Double X.” Sounds kinda strong, doesn’t it?
Tsukushi: Fufu, you’re right!
Staff: Compared to the simpler ones, this one will take a bit more time—will that be all right?
Tsukushi: Yes! I’ll do my best! Did you decide yet, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Hmm, what should I do~? Excuse me, is this one difficult?
Staff: That’s the pinwheel pattern. For a first try, I think it’s just right.
Nanami: I see. Then I’ll go with this one~.
Staff: Certainly. Then I’ll explain how the process goes. First—
(Black cut)
Nanami & Tsukushi: ......
Nanami: ...Ah.
Tsukushi: ? What’s up, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Oh, nothing. Just realized we haven’t said a word in like five minutes.
Tsukushi: Ah, you’re right...! Fufu, it’s easy to get totally focused with this kind of thing.
Nanami: Yeah~. How’s yours coming along, Tsu-chan?
Tsukushi: Hmm... I’m kind of struggling... Sorry, could you take a quick look?
Staff: Sure, let’s see. Hmm... if you make your stitches a bit more even in length, it’ll look even better.
Tsukushi: I thought so... I’m trying, but it’s harder than it looks...
Tsukushi: What about yours, Nanami-chan—wait, you’re already done!?
Staff: All right, let’s take a look at this one too.
Nanami: Please do~.
Staff: Um... miss? You said this was your first time doing patchwork, correct...?
Nanami: Yes. It was really fun~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan, your coaster looks amazing... The fabric colors you picked go together so well...
Staff: Indeed, I’d say it’s on par with the items we have for sale here... Ah, um, if you’d like, would you care to make something else? No charge, of course!
Nanami: Ahaha, that’s okay~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan, you really are amazing...
Nanami: No, no, I think it’s just a matter of practice~. I’m used to making things, so I probably just picked up the tricks more easily.
Tsukushi: Ugh, I wish I could make things as well as you... Maybe I tried to act a little too confident and picked one that was too hard...
Staff: If it seems too tricky to finish, you can switch to another pattern if you like.
Tsukushi: ...No, that’s okay! I’ll see it through to the end!
Nanami: Yep yep, that’s the Tsu-chan I know~.
Staff: ...Fufu, l see. Just call me if you need any help.
Nanami: You got this, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: Yeah! All right, let’s do this~!
