event275-03 Chapter 2: Excited for the Dolphin Show!

After the backroom tour, they stop to watch the dolphin show before their next activity.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium]

Kaoru: After the backroom tour, next is the dolphin show. Let’s walk around the aquarium until then.
Kanon: That’s right. Um, this area is where the capybaras and other land animals live.
Hagumi: Ah! There’s a turtle!
Kaoru: Oh, what a unique shell pattern.
Kanon: That’s a Burmese starred tortoise. Its shell looks like stars, so that’s how it got its name.
Hagumi: You're right! Kaa-kun would love that!
Misaki: Kanon, you seem to know a lot more about other creatures than just jellyfish now.
Kanon: Not that much, but ever since I met Pen-chan, I’ve been more interested.
Kanon: And I also studied up a little about the animals here when this tour was scheduled.
Misaki: No wonder.
Hagumi: Speaking of Pen-chan, you were so cool back then, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kaoru: Ah yes, the time you rescued the lost penguin and brought a smile back to its face. Your brave moment, Kanon, still feels like it was just yesterday.
Kanon: I could only be brave because everyone was with me.
Kokoro: Come to think of it, we haven’t seen Pen-chan yet today! I want to go say hello!
Kanon: Let’s visit together later. Since Pen-chan goes for walks, we’ll need to check the schedule.
Misaki: Then let’s check the schedule and head to the dolphin show for now.
Misaki: We want to see the show before the job experience starts, and we shouldn’t be late.
Kokoro: Yes! Let’s enjoy the dolphin show first!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Aquarium - Dolphin Show Area]

Hagumi: Wow, there are so many people!
Kanon: Lots of little kids, too. Maybe on a school trip?
Kaoru: Where should we watch from?
Hagumi: If Kano-chan-senpai gets splashed, that wouldn’t be good — let’s sit a bit further back!
Kanon: Thank you, Hagumi-chan. But I’ll be fine even if I get a little wet.
Misaki: How about over there? It’s right in front of the stage and seems easy to see.
Kanon: Yes, sounds good.
Announcer: The dolphin show will start soon! Please take your seats and enjoy the show!
Kokoro: It’s starting soon! I can’t wait to see what kind of show it will be!
Hagumi: I bet they’ll swim super fast and do big jumps!
Misaki: Okay, okay. Let’s talk after we sit down. They’re telling us to take our seats.
Kokoro: Right! I don’t want to miss a second!
Kaoru: Fufu, you’re fired up. Oh... looks like it’s starting.
Dolphin trainer: Hello, everyone~!
Hello, Happy World! & kids: Hello~!
Dolphin trainer: Let’s meet today’s stars!
Dolphin trainer: First up, energetic and cheerful Pippi!
Kokoro, Hagumi & kids: Pippi-chan~!
Dolphin trainer: Next up is the calm, cool, and reliable Kyu-chan!
Kokoro, Hagumi & kids: Kyu-chan~!
Misaki: The kids are loud, but we’re even louder... this is a little embarrassing...
Kanon: Fufu, they’re both so cute.
Dolphin trainer: Everyone, let’s have fun with the dolphins~!
Hagumi: Wow, they’re spinning!
Kaoru: Like graceful ballerinas.
Dolphin trainer: Watch as they swim at 30 kilometers per hour! Their three types of fins help them swim so well!
Misaki: Wow, they’re swimming to clearly show their tail and pectoral fins.
Kanon: They really understand the trainer’s instructions.
Kanon: (Amazing... Even though they don’t speak the same language, how are they able to connect like that?)
Dolphin trainer: And now, let’s keep the excitement going with the dolphins’ dynamic performance~!
Hagumi: Oh, they brought out a hoop!
Kokoro: Are they going to jump through it!?
Kokoro & Hagumi: They did it! They jumped~!
Kanon: Wow...!
Kaoru: Now they’re swimming at incredible speed!
Hagumi: But, but won’t it be impossible to reach the ball way up there!?
Dolphin trainer: Now, Pippi’s specialty, the big jump! Go, Pippi!
Kokoro & Hagumi: They jumped!! They jumped~!!
Kanon: Amazing...!
Misaki: Wow, they spun and jumped, kind of like Kokoro...
Dolphin trainer: All right! A high five for Pippi and Kyu for a job well done~!
Dolphin trainer: And finally, Kyu will give the trainer a ride to say goodbye to everyone!
Hagumi: Wow, the trainer’s riding on Kyu-chan’s back!
Kanon: Both the trainer and the dolphin look so happy...
Kokoro: Thank you~! That was such a wonderful show~!
Kanon: (It was really amazing... My heart’s still racing...)
Misaki: ...Kanon-san?
Kanon: (If I get the chance for the job experience... I think... I’d like to try it too...)
