event275-02 Chapter 1: Secrets of the Aquarium

The group tours the hidden backroom of the aquarium, and their excitement only grows—

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium - Backroom]

Kokoro: Oh! There are so many small tanks here!
Aquarium Staff: In these tanks, we care for animals who are not yet ready for exhibition or who are recovering from injuries.
Hagumi: So it’s like a kindergarten or hospital for the fish?
Aquarium Staff: That’s right.
Misaki: Wow, I didn’t know the backroom had areas like this.
Hagumi: Ah! The water in this tank looks different!
Kanon: You're right. It looks a bit green... is it okay?
Aquarium Staff: It’s not dirty—it contains medicine for the fish.
Kaoru: Ah... so they’re being treated here. I hope they get better soon.
Hagumi: Once they’re healed, they’ll swim with everyone again, right!?
Aquarium Staff: Of course.
Kokoro: In that case, how about performing a concert here to cheer them up?
Kaoru: That’s a great idea.
Misaki: Wouldn’t the loud sounds startle them?
Aquarium Staff: That’s true. A live show might be a bit hard... but I’m really grateful for how everyone feels.
Kanon: Hmm...? The ones in this tank are so tiny.
Aquarium Staff: These are animals that have just arrived here. Because of the change in environment, some of them can’t eat well or have trouble fitting in with the group, so we help them gradually adjust here.
Misaki: Oh, it’s kind of like the start of a new school term... I get that feeling.
Kanon: When I first went to my university campus, I was so nervous I couldn’t even walk through the gate...
Kokoro: Oh? Why’s that? New encounters are something to be excited about!
Aquarium Staff: In reality, there are both types. Just like all of you, the creatures here have many different personalities.
Aquarium Staff: No matter what kind of personality they have, I want them to feel happy living here. That’s the feeling I care for them with every day.
Kanon: You think about so much...
Kanon: (It really shows how much they care...)
Kanon: (Maybe the reason all the animals here seem so full of life is because the staff truly face them with care and love.)
Aquarium Staff: Next, we’ll show you the jellyfish that aren’t yet on display.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, jellyfish!
Kanon: Wow, I can't wait.
(Black cut)
Misaki: So this is the area? Wow~...
Kokoro: Amazing! So many tiny jellyfish!
Kaoru: Such a fleeting sight... even I am mesmerized, not just Kanon.
Kanon: Yes... They’re so small, floating gently... so cute...
Aquarium Staff: Now then, if you look closely, you’ll see their bodies are red. Do you know why?
Kokoro: Hmm... maybe from swimming so hard they’ve gotten warm?
Hagumi: That might be it! Kano-chan-senpai, what do you think?
Kanon: Fufu. That’s because they eat a red plankton called Artemia.
Aquarium Staff: Exactly right! You know a lot about jellyfish.
Hagumi: So their food makes their bodies look red!? That’s amazing, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: Fufu, thank you. I read jellyfish books sometimes.
Aquarium Staff: You might recognize this, then. These are baby jellyfish born just yesterday.
Kanon: Wow...!
Hagumi: Ehh!? These are jellyfish!?
Kaoru: They look like tiny flower petals...
Kanon: Amazing. I’ve seen them on display before, but never this close.
Kokoro: Incredible! These little ones will become the jellyfish we always see.
Misaki: Seeing them like this makes you feel attached to them — you want them to grow up healthy.
Aquarium Staff: Thank you. Please come visit again when they make their exhibition debut!
Kokoro & Hagumi: Yes! Yeees!
Kanon: (I see now... thanks to the people supporting everything behind the scenes, the aquarium becomes a place full of smiles...)
Kanon: (I’m really glad I joined this backroom tour...!)
