event275-04 Chapter 3: If I Could Do It Too

Next up is a special work experience! Kanon seems to have something on her mind—

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium - Backroom]

Aquarium Staff: Now, I’ll explain the details for the work experience.
All: Yes, thank you very much!
Aquarium Staff: First, there will be a caretaking team of three people, who will clean the tanks and feed the animals.
Aquarium Staff: The other will be a dolphin show team of two people, who will actually train with the dolphins and participate in the show.
Kokoro: So, from here, we’ll split into two groups!
Aquarium Staff: Yes. Don’t worry, the tank cleaning doesn’t involve diving into large tanks. The dolphin show team, however, may need to get into the water, so you’ll change into special outfits.
Kanon: W-We have to go into the water...
Kaoru: Hmm... the caretaking team and the dolphin show team... both sound like such exciting experiences.
Hagumi: They both sound super fun! I don’t know which one to pick~.
Misaki: When you think about it, this is an amazing opportunity. Especially being part of a show—that’s something you normally never get to do.
Aquarium Staff: It’s the highlight of the 10 million visitors celebration, after all. I’m sure it’ll become a once-in-a-lifetime memory.
Kokoro: Yeah! Kanon, you want to try the dolphin show, right?
Kanon: Huh...!?
Misaki: No, no! They said you might have to get into the water! And she can’t even swim.
Kokoro: But you were watching the show earlier with such sparkling eyes!
Kanon: Was I...? Maybe...
Kanon: N-no, I can’t. I really can’t swim, and I’m scared of the water...
Kokoro: But you do want to try it, don’t you?
Kanon: Well... it’s not like I don’t want to...
Misaki: Kokoro, you’re making Kanon-san uncomfortable. You shouldn’t force her.
Kokoro: Oh, is that so?
Kanon: Sorry, I appreciate you encouraging me, but... I think I’ll stick with the caretaking team...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Dolphin trainer: Everyone, let’s have fun together with the dolphins~!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kanon: (But... both the trainer and the dolphins were amazing...)
Kanon: (The water is scary, but I won’t be alone... Maybe if it’s just a little...)
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai...?
Kanon: (...Be brave... I want to stand on that stage too...!)
Kanon: ...U-um... Actually... I think I want to give it a try...!
Hagumi: Eh!?
Kaoru: If that’s what you want, we’ll fully support you... but are you sure?
Misaki: Kanon-san, you’re not forcing yourself, are you?
Kanon: I’m not forcing myself. I just want to try. I may be scared of the water, but they’re taking safety seriously... and I don’t want to miss this chance.
Kaoru: That’s good to hear.
Kokoro: Then I’ll join Kanon on the show team! Is everyone okay with that?
Misaki: Yes, that sounds great. I was originally thinking of joining the caretaking team anyway.
Hagumi: Me too! I wanted to try feeding the animals! And I’d love to watch Kano-chan-senpai and Kokoro’s show!
Kaoru: No objections here.
Kanon: Thank you, everyone.
Kokoro: Let’s have fun together, Kanon!
Kanon: Yeah...!
Hagumi: Do your best, Kano-chan-senpai! Ah, but don’t overdo it, okay?
Kanon: Thanks. Since Kokoro-chan will be with me, I’ll be fine.
Misaki: Alright, let’s do our best with cleaning and caretaking too.
Kaoru: Yes. Let’s polish these tanks until they shine like mirrors!
Aquarium Staff: Ah, um, actually, you’ll only be cleaning part of the tanks...
Kaoru: No need to hold back. I know the importance of not only shining but also helping others shine.
Misaki: But Kaoru-san, we can’t dive into the tanks. Let’s focus on what we can do!
Kaoru: Fufu, you’re right, Misaki.
Kokoro: Alright, let’s all do our best to make everyone visiting the aquarium smile!
All: Yeah~!!
