event111-04 Chapter 3: Nanami and Tsukushi

The Morfonica girls split up, so Nanami and Tsukushi attempting to enter a conversation. Will they succeed...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Park]

Tomoe: Uhhh, what is this feeling...?
Saya: What's wrong, Tomoe? You look a bit troubled...
Tomoe: No, I just feel like someone's watching me... Like really staring at me.
Saya: Huh~? You mean, like a ghost? I don't think ghosts come out during the daytime.
Rimi: Ah, but there are a few ghost stories related to sakura, so we can't say that for certain. It was an old film, but I've seen one like that where-
Tomoe: Ahh! Hold on, hold on! I told you, no freaky stories like that!
Tomoe: It's probably just my imagination anyway. Yeah, it's gotta be. There's no such thing as- Hm?
???: Hmmm~.
Tomoe: Ahhh! A ghost! There's a ghost in the shadows of that sakura tree!
Saya: Hm? Ah~, that's not a ghost. Isn't that Nanami-chan?
Tomoe: Huh...?
Rimi: Nanami-chan, what are you doing over there?
Nanami: Ah, they saw me...
Nanami: Erm, ahaha... Hello, I'm Nanami Hiromachi.
Tomoe: Jeez, don't scare me like that. Do you know how freaky it is to see someone watching you?
Nanami: Well, I was waiting for the right timing to join the conversation, but it never came~.
Rimi: It is hard to talk to someone you've never met before, isn't it? I'm not very good at that either, so I know how you feel.
Saya: Fufu, you shouldn't worry so much.
Saya: All of Morfonica goes to Tsukinomori, right? I don't know much about that school. Could you tell me about it?
Rimi: I'd like to know more too, like what kind of club activities you have. Are you in a club, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Ah, yes. I'm in the horror club~.
Saya & Tomoe & Rimi: The horror club...
Nanami: D-did I say something strange?
Saya: No, sorry. That's not it. I was just thinking you'll probably get along well with Rimi-rin~.
Rimi: I love watching horror films. Do you watch them in your horror club?
Nanami: There are a lot of horror films in our club room, so I watch them all the time~. The last one I watched was called "Bio-Panic" and it was so goo-
Rimi: Huh? Bio-Panic?
Rimi: Wow, I like that movie too. The different ways the zombies appeared were so elaborate. It really made my heart race.
Nanami: Oh~, that's exactly how I felt. There were so many scenes where they came out of unexpected places, like fridges and washing machines. It was freaky.
Rimi: You must really know your horror films to notice something like that. Directors are quite particular about how their zombies appear. Actually...
Tomoe: They could go on for ages...
Saya: Ahaha, I knew they'd get along.
Tomoe: It sure is impressive that you can watch so many of those movies. When I watch them, I start thinking the monsters are real.
Nanami: Oh~, really? I don't think I've ever thought of that before.
Tomoe: I-I see...
Saya: Ah, that's right, I almost forgot. I brought something with me.
Rimi: Hm? A camera?
Saya: Everyone's here, so I thought it might be nice to capture some of these memories on film. Now, say cheese~.
Nanami: Wh-what?! Wait a second!
Tomoe: Wh-what's wrong? Why the loud voice?
Nanami: I-if we stand like this, I'll be in the center, and I don't want that...
Rimi: Hm? Why not?
Nanami: Well, my grandma is very superstitious... Ever since I was little, she's told me that if I stand in the center of a photo, my soul would get stolen.
Nanami: O-of course, I don't actually believe it...!
Nanami: I can't help but think about it though... So I'd rather not be in the middle...
Tomoe: So you're not scared of ghosts...
Saya: But you are superstitious...
(Black cut)
Sayo: I see. So you are the leader of your band, Futaba-san...
Tsukushi: Yes, I'm used to managing things since I'm the class president at school.
Chisato: You must be trustworthy to be given such an important job.
Tsukushi: Huh? Ehehe, not particularly~.
Hina: Ahaha, look, she's blushing.
Hina: So you're kinda like the manager, huh? I guess you're like our Chisato-chan.
Tsukushi: Do you manage things for Pastel＊Palettes, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: I've been working in the entertainment industry for a long time, so I just do what I can. I wouldn't call myself a manager though.
Hina: Yeah, yeah. You're always saying that.
Sayo: I heard from Hina that Shirasagi-san often helps everybody out.
Hina: Yup. She gives us advice all the time.
Hina: If any of us are nervous about starting a new project, she gives us her words of wisdom.
Hina: Ah, I wish you'd do the same for me~.
Chisato: But Hina-chan... you don't get nervous, do you?
Sayo: Indeed. I have never seen you nervous.
Hina: Aww~. Even you, Sis? Does it matter? I just wanna hear your wise words sometimes.
Tsukushi: So everyone relies on Chisato-senpai...
Tsukushi: (Now that I think about it, Chisato-senpai does seem to be calm and trustworthy.)
Tsukushi: (What's more, she's recognized as a professional actress.)
Tsukushi: (Even though she's the same height as me, she's so cool...)
Chisato: Uhm, Tsukushi-chan? Is something wrong?
Tsukushi: Ah, no. I was just thinking about how impressive you are as the leader of Pastel＊Palettes...
Hina & Chisato: The leader?!
Hina: Chisato-chan isn't our leader~.
Tsukushi: Huh? Y-you aren't?
Chisato: No, Aya-chan is our leader. It's a job that only she can do.
Tsukushi: You're so trustworthy though. I can't believe you're not the leader...
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai must be even more skilled then...!
Hina & Chisato: Huh...?
Hina: Pfft... Ahahahaha! Tsukushi-chan, you're funny~.
Sayo: Stop that, Hina. You are being rude to Maruyama-san.
Chisato: Fufu, that's right. Aya-chan will get mad at you.
Hina: Come on~, you're laughing too.
Tsukushi: Huh? What? What did I say...?
