event111-01 Opening: FULL*BLOOMING

Morfonica gathers for practice and begins discussing flower-viewing. Just then, they run into Poppin'Party...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Toko: Ooh... Spring is heeere~!
Nanami: Ahaha, you're always so full of energy, Toko-chan~.
Mashiro: It has gotten a lot hotter, hasn't it? It's nice and warm.
Tsukushi: And it'll be time for sakura blossoms soon. They were talking about it the other day on the news.
Nanami: Ahh, that sounds fun. Let's go flower-viewing to see the sakura blossoms. Wouldn't that be fun, Rui-rui?!
Rui: ... Enough of this. We should get moving.
Rui: We supposedly gathered today to practice. If you need to go to the music store, make it quick.
Toko: Awww~, you're no fun~! It's spring. Of course we're gonna go flower-viewing!
Rui: ... You said you wanted to perform on stage at CiRCLE, did you not?
Toko: Of course I do! Girls Band Party was totally amazing!
Mashiro: It would be nice to be able to do that kind of concert at CiRCLE.
Rui: If that is the case, there are other things we should be doing right now. Or do you still think flower-viewing is more important?
Toko: Huh? Rui, you seriously don't get it.
Rui: And what exactly am I not getting?
Toko: Here's how it is. Flower-viewing will get us hyped, so we'll have way more motivation to practice, and then we'll sound even better!
Toko: I dunno, people might say you're smart, but you're not seeing the big picture.
Rui: ... I knew we had different ways of thinking, but I did not think they differed to this extent.
Rui: Certainly you are not all thinking the same way as Kirigaya-san, are you?
Tsukushi & Nanami: Huh...?!
Mashiro: W-well, I don't think a little flower-viewing would be so bad...
Mashiro: It is spring, so this is our only chance...
Kasumi: Uh-huh! It'd be such a waste to skip flower-viewing in the spring!
All: ...!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan~! Wait for us~!
Saya: Why did you run off so suddenly?
Kasumi: Sorry, sorry. I saw someone I know, so I had to. See, it's Mashiro-chan. We met her at CiRCLE!
Kasumi: Oh? Are these girls-
Mashiro: Y-yes. We are in a band together.
Toko: Hi there! We are the absolute coolest girls band at Tsukinomori, Morfonica!
Tsukushi & Nanami & Rui: Nice to meet you!
Rimi: Wow, it's nice to meet you all!
Kasumi: So this is Mashiro-chan's band... You look like you're enjoying yourselves, so that's great!
Mashiro: Yes. We saw everyone's performances at Girls Band Party and it made us want to do our best too...
Mashiro: Erm, by the way, what are you doing here, Kasumi-san?
Kasumi: We're actually having a sakura party on Sunday, so us three are preparing for it!
Rimi: Look, we bought snacks and juice. What else do we need~?
Saya: We need plates, chopsticks, and cups too. How about we go to the knick-knack shop over there?
Mashiro: A sakura party...
Kasumi: Ah, you guys were talking about flower-viewing too, right? Then let's all go together!
Mashiro & Toko & Nanami & Tsukushi: What?!
Tsukushi: With Poppin'Party...!
Nanami: Flower-viewing...
Mashiro: We would love to! Erm, if it's not too much trouble, that is... Ah!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Uhm, Rui-san. They've gone out of their way to invite us, so how about-
Rui: Thank you for the invitation. We would be delighted to join you.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Kasumi: Then it's settled! This is gonna be fun!
Saya: We'll contact you later with the details. Can someone give me their phone number?
(Black cut)
Nanami: ... Well, that was a surprise.
Tsukushi: I thought Rui-san would turn them down for sure.
Toko: I know, right~? Why did you say okay, anyway? Especially after you went on and on about having things we should be doing right now.
Rui: ... It benefits us to go flower-viewing if we are going with Poppin'Party.
Rui: If we want to stand on the stage at CiRCLE, would it not be better to ask them about their practices and performances?
Nanami: I see. So Rui-rui will only do fun things if they are beneficial...
Tsukushi: I suppose that is a very Rui-san way of thinking...
Tsukushi: Well, in any case, I'm excited we can go flower-viewing. Right, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yes, I hope we can become friends with Poppin'Party.
