event111-06 Chapter 5: Going at Shiro's Pace

Mashiro runs away from the party, and runs into a certain someone...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

[Park]

Mashiro: Sigh, I ended up running away...
Mashiro: I gave such a strange excuse, too... They definitely think I'm weird now...
Mashiro: ... Ah.
Mashiro: (Wh-why am I hiding...?)
Rinko: What a surprise... I never thought you would join a band, Ru- Uhm, Yashio-san...
Rui: I have my reasons. I also did not expect you to join a band.
Mashiro: (... They're gone. I wonder what they were talking about.)
Toko: ... Hm? Shiro?
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan...!
Toko: What're you doing over here?
Mashiro: Well, uhm... What about you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Me? There are food stalls over there, so I thought I'd go check them out!
Toko: I've never eaten from food stalls in a park before~.
Toko: My grandma is so strict. She never even let me go to festivals.
Toko: Ah, you've had street food before, right, Shiro? Got any recommendations you could give me?
Mashiro: Y-yeah, sure...
Toko: Awesome. So anyway... What're you doing over here?
Mashiro: Ngh, well, you see...
(Black cut)
Toko: Huh? You weren't fitting in?
Mashiro: Everyone is so different from the kind of people I've talked to before... So when I saw them all in front of me, I lost all my confidence.
Toko: What kind of confidence?
Mashiro: I just don't think they'll ever want to be my friends...
Mashiro: It reminded me of when I first came to Tsukinomori. Everyone else was on such a different level from me. I just didn't fit in.
Mashiro: What can I do to fix that...?
Toko: Hmm... Well, maybe you can't.
Mashiro: Huh? Toko-chan, that's c-cruel...
Toko: Well, what do you expect? You're the one blaming it on everyone else again.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: You said you couldn't make friends with anyone different from the people you've met before.
Toko: But who wants to be friends with someone who thinks like that?
Mashiro: ...
Toko: ... Ah, oops. Maybe that was too much.
Toko: Uhm... I mean, don't worry about it.
Toko: When you're at my level, you can make friends with most people in seconds. Not everyone is like that, though.
Toko: Besides, I don't think you have to fit in.
Mashiro: What do you mean?
Toko: Look, you've gotten used to Tsukinomori, right?
Toko: I'm sure it'll be the same here. You'll get closer to everyone in time. You just have to go at your own pace.
Toko: You've met lots of different people here today, and you'll definitely be seeing more of them at live houses.
Toko: As long as you get to know each other over time, you'll be friends before you know it, right?
Mashiro: Toko-chan...
Toko: So quit hiding out over here, and get back out there.
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: But they definitely think I am weird now. I don't even know if they would want me to come back...
Toko: Huh? Are you kidding me? Giving an excuse like that definitely means you're coming back!
Toko: You might be timid, but you're so stubborn when it comes to being a pessimist.
Mashiro: ...
Kasumi: Mashiro-chaaan~!
Toko & Mashiro: ...?
Mashiro: Ah, Kasumi-san...
Toko: Ahaha, I don't think you have to worry about them wanting you back. They've even come to pick you up!
Mashiro: I-it seems they have. Ahaha...
