event111-02 Chapter 1: Girls Band Sakura Party!

Today's the day of the sakura party and who should appear but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Sunday]

[Park]

Mashiro: Wow, this is amazing. There are so many sakura blossoms...
Tsukushi: It's very beautiful, isn't it? I didn't know there was a place like this around here.
Mashiro: It's almost as if we've come to another world. Perhaps we'll see a fairy...
Toko: Fairies? Ah~, you mean those little things with wings, right? Well, they're basically bugs, so maybe you will see one.
Mashiro: Th-they're not bugs...!
Rui: The sakura are rather nice to look at, but the number of people is what stands out to me.
Nanami: It's a lovely day perfect for a sakura party, so it's not surprising. Now where could Poppin'Party be~?
Tsukushi: I got a message saying they were around here. Uhm...
Mashiro: Ah, over there! They're underneath that big sakura tree!
Tae: ... Ah, it's Morfonica. Hey, over here!
Arisa: Huh? They're here already...?! I-I wasn't expecting them so soon...!
Tae: Hm? Are you nervous, Arisa? Feeling shy?
Arisa: Urgh, of course I am. I've never even talked to them before...!
Kasumi: You don't need to be nervous! Sure, we don't really know them, but... I'm sure they're all really sweet!
Arisa: Hey, what about that is supposed to make me feel less nervous...?
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: ... Ahem. Thank you very much for inviting us today.
Tsukushi: We'd like to introduce ourselves once again. We are Morfonica-
Toko: Whoa! Oh my gosh! There's sooo many buns here! It's like a festival!
Tsukushi: Urgh! Toko-chan! I haven't finished introducing us...
Rui: Hm? Futaba-san, something just fell from your pocket.
Mashiro: A note? Wow, you wrote down a whole introduction...!
Nanami: You spent a lot of time thinking about what to say, didn't you, Tsu-chan...?
Tsukushi: Ahh! Don't read it! Don't read it!
Saya: Ahaha, we can do introductions later. Just take a seat anywhere you like.
Mashiro: Th-thank you...
Nanami: Wow, there really is so much bread~. Sakura and red bean buns, green bean paste buns.... Are these mugwort buns~? They look tasty~.
Kasumi: Fufufu, Saya's baked goods are a sakura party essential!
Saya: Ahaha, thanks. You said you liked my smile buns, so I had to bring them.
Saya: I put in a little more effort than last time we went flower-viewing and made a few different kinds of buns.
Rimi: They all look very delicious, Saya-chan.
Tsukushi: ... Ah! Oh no!
Tsukushi: I should've brought some food too~! Ooo, I was so caught up with introductions that I forgot~.
Mashiro: Y-you're right. I didn't bring anything either...
Nanami: N-neither did I... I don't know much about sakura party etiquette...
Rui: No need to worry. I prepared something.
Mashiro: Oh? Is that a dango dumpling assortment...?
Nanami: Oh~, they're from that nice Japanese sweets store. You're so considerate, Rui-rui~.
Tsukushi: Even I know that you're supposed to bring something if someone invites you to go flower-viewing. I just forgot today, that's all...
Toko: Wow, so you brought dango, huh? I'm glad we didn't clash~.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Huh?!
Toko: Huh...? What do you mean, huh?
Tsukushi: Uhm, I was just surprised that you brought something, Toko-chan...
Mashiro: I thought you were the type of person who didn't care about things like this...
Toko: Huh? Isn't it common sense to bring a little gift if you're invited somewhere?
Tsukushi: Hngh...
Nanami: A-ahaha... Anyway, what did you bring, Toko-chan?
Toko: I was wondering when you'd ask! Behold~... Ta-dah! What do you think?! It's my special homemade inarizushi!
Arisa: Oh, that's impressive... And look at this fancy box.
Rimi: Wow, this looks amazing~! And there are so many... Were they hard to make?
Toko: Nah, not really. I just put the rice into the tofu pouches anyway.
Saya: Hm? So did someone else make them?
Toko: Yeah, my grandma!
Toko: I was going to make them myself, but then she went on about how I shouldn't feed strange things to people I've just met...
Tsukushi: Well, you don't really come across as a great cook...
Rui: I am relieved that your grandmother made such a wise decision.
Kasumi: It really does look delicious~! Thanks! I'm sure the other guests will love them too!
Mashiro: Hm? What other guests...?
Tsukushi: M-Mashiro-chan! O-over there! Is that-...?!
Ako: Fufufu, floating up on the spring breeze from the world of monsters and spirits to answer your indignation- I mean, invitation... Uhm, Roselia is here!
Rinko: Hello... Thank you... for inviting us... today...
Mashiro: R-Roselia...?!
Moca: Sniff-sniff... Oho, this is, without a doubt, the smell of Yamabuki Bakery... This way, guys~.
Tsugumi: Y-you can tell just by the smell, huh?
Nanami: Wah, Afterglow is here too.
Eve: The sakura are just as magnificent this year as last! It is time to show the results of my training...! I will use this wooden sword to strike the falling petals...!
Maya: Ahh! No, you can't! You'll cause trouble if you swing a wooden sword around in a place like this~!
Tsukushi: What?! Pastel＊Palettes came too?!
Kokoro: Mmm~! What lovely sakura blossoms! So that's why everyone has a smile on their face!
Misaki: H-hey, don't run off like that, Kokoro~.
Toko: Oh, it's Hello! Happy World!
Rui: It appears that all of the bands from Girls Band Party are here.
Tsukushi: So we weren't the only ones invited...
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Nanami: ...
Mashiro: Th-this is going to be a bigger party than we thought...
