event111-03 Chapter 2: Hello, We're Morfonica

The six bands gather to view the flowers together, and Morfonica tries to interact with the girls. However...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Park]

Nanami: Oh~, it's like a big gathering of all the CiRCLE bands...
Tsukushi: I had no idea this many people would be coming...!
Mashiro: Ooo, I haven't talked to most of these people before. I hope I don't mess up when I try to speak to them...
Nanami: According to my research, first impressions are crucial to human relations. If you fail to get along at first, it's even harder to become friends.
Mashiro: Y-you're right. I had trouble fitting in at Tsukinomori. If it weren't for Tsukushi-chan, I wouldn't have made any friends...
Tsukushi: Y-you two are being too negative! You've got to be stronger than this!
Mashiro: But I'm not good at talking to people I don't know... Don't you get nervous, Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: O-of course I do! But not over something like this!
Nanami: Oh~, Really~?
Rui: ... I am failing to understand why you are all so flustered.
Rui: This situation allows us to interact with the bands closely associated with CiRCLE, so should we not welcome it?
Mashiro: B-but I'm not ready for this...
Rui: Perhaps you should watch Kirigaya-san to see how it is done.
Mashiro: Toko-chan...?
Toko: ... So yeah, Morfonica is working hard so we can perform at CiRCLE!
Lisa: I see, so you're all from Tsukinomori. That place is famous for being a fancy school, right?
Himari: Yeah, I thought Tsukinomori girls would only be into classical music, so this is a bit of a surprise.
Toko: Ahh, now that you mention it, no one really talked about bands until girl bands became more popular.
Toko: I don't think I would've even joined a band if I hadn't seen that performance at CiRCLE.
Toko: Being in a band is cool though! Of course, there's still a lot I've gotta learn.
Himari: Fufu, I see. Ah, if there's anything you're not sure about, feel free to ask.
Himari: I mean, we've been doing this for a while now, so I'm sure we could give you advice.
Lisa: Oh, how very mentor-like of you, Himari.
Himari: E-ehehe, I'm a second-year student now, so I should at least try to be a good role model.
Toko: That would be such a big help, Himari-san!
Himari: Ahaha, you can count on me anytime!
Himari: By the way... This is the first time we've met... Right, Toko-chan?
Toko: Huh? I think so. Why?
Himari: Hmm, I thought so. I just feel like I've seen you somewhere befo-
Himari: Ahh! T-Toko-chan, are you that Toko-chan?!
Lisa: Wh-what? Why're you yelling?
Himari: It's Toko-chan. The Toko-chan! The influencer!
Lisa: Huh? The one who starts trends whenever she introduces a new product? That Toko?
Toko: Wow, do you both know me?! That's so touching!
Himari: I don't just know you. I check your posts every day~! You always get so many comments. It's amazing!
Lisa: I saw your post about starting a band a while ago, but I never thought I'd meet you in a place like this.
Lisa: We've got a real famous mentee now, don't we, Himari?
Himari: ...
Lisa: Himari?
Himari: Uhm, Toko-chan...? Can we take a photo together?
Himari: I-I really am a big fan...
Toko: Ahaha, of course we can!
Himari: Yay! Lisa-senpai, we get to take photos with Toko-chan! The Toko-chan!!
Lisa: Ah, yeah. You're looking less and less like a mentor though. Are you okay with that...?
Mashiro: W-wow. She fits in already...
Nanami: Weirdly enough, Himarin-senpai seems to be the one star-struck by Toko-chan.
Rui: How about you all try talking to the others like Kirigaya-san?
Mashiro: Th-that's impossible. Toko-chan's the only one who can join a group that easily...
Toko: Ah~, that was fun! Huh? What're you guys doing?
Tsukushi: What are we doing...? Nothing really...
Toko: Hm? Aren't you gonna go talk to the other bands?
Nanami: Well, I'd like to, but...
Mashiro: Toko-chan, I can't believe you can talk to people you've never met before without getting nervous.
Toko: Huh? Why would that make me nervous?
Rui: ... It appears there is a cognitive barrier between yourself and everyone else.
Toko: Hold on, you mean you guys can't talk to them because you're nervous?
Toko: It'll be fine! Your nerves will disappear while you're talking anyway!
Toko: And besides, what's the point of coming if you only talk to each other? There are so many people from the other bands here.
Tsukushi & Nanami & Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Yeah, you're right. This is our chance to become friends with everyone, so we can't waste it.
Tsukushi: A-alright! Let's do this, guys! We have to introduce ourselves to the other bands!
Mashiro: Huh? O-okay. But will we really be okay...?
