event137-01 Opening: An Unexpected Visitor

In a turn of events, Arisa volunteers to work as a shrine maiden. She anxiously waits for Lisa, when...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[New Year's Day - Early Morning]

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Arisa: Ugh, it's freezing~! I wonder when Lisa-san's gonna show up.
Arisa: I really don't think I'm cut out for this shrine maiden thing. I know I did offer to do it, but still...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[2 Weeks Ago]

[Downtown]

Arisa: Huh?! A part-time gig as a shrine maiden?!
Tomoe: Help me out here! It'll just be for New Year's Day! The shrine's gonna be even more short-handed than usual.
Lisa: Arisa, this isn't just some part time job. Working as a shrine maiden is called shrine work because it's in service to the spirits~.
Arisa: Shrine work... N-no way! I'm not good at jobs that require dealing with people!
Lisa: Hmm, I see~. Well, it is New Year's, so I guess you've got plans to spend time with your family. It doesn't look like we'll be working together then~.
Arisa: Plans with family won't be a problem... It's just that I don't like crowds, and I get kind of... you know, nervous around strangers...
Arisa: ... Wait. Are you going to do it, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Mmhmm! It sounds like it could be fun! And isn't the idea of wearing a shrine maiden's outfit kinda exciting?
Arisa: N-not to me, it isn't...
Tomoe: Alright... Gotcha! Thanks for hearing me out at least!
Tomoe: I happened to see you guys together, so I thought it was worth a shot, but I'll see if I can't find some other people.
Arisa: O-okay...
Lisa: But do you have anyone else in mind?
Tomoe: Uhh... Well, I'm sure things'll work out somehow.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: U-umm, if you're that desperate, I guess I could help out...
Tomoe: Seriously?! That'll be a huge help~!
Arisa: Lisa-san, just so you know, I'm not used to that sort of thing, so I might cause you trouble...
Lisa: Ahaha, don't worry about it☆ Just leave it to me. I've got plenty of work experience dealing with people.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Maybe I should've thought things through before volunteering~. But Tomoe-san did seem like she needed help...
Arisa: Well, no sense whining about it now! Since I'll be with Lisa-san, I'm sure things'll work out!
Arisa: She sure is late, though... She's supposed to be here already...
Yukina: Happy New Year, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Huh?! Yukina-senpai?! H-Happy New Year!
Arisa: Are you here for your New Year's shrine visit? You seem kind of... early.
Yukina: I am not here to visit. I am here as Lisa's replacement.
Arisa: Oh, I see! You're here as Lisa-san's repla-
Arisa: Lisa-san's replacement?!
Yukina: Yes. Lisa has caught a cold.
Yukina: She insisted on coming even though she had a fever, so I stopped her. Has she not contacted you?
Arisa: Contact me? Uhh... Ah, she did!
Lisa: Sorry, Arisa. I've come down with a cold... >< I'm having Yukina take my place. I know I said we'd be able to work together, so I'm really, really sorry!
Arisa: S-seriously~...?!
Arisa: Uhh, is Lisa-san okay?
Yukina: Her fever is pretty high, but she said she should be able to sleep it off.
Arisa: I see... I hope she gets well soon...
Tomoe: Hey~! Arisa~! Minato-san~!
Arisa: Ah, Tomoe-san! Happy New Year.
Tomoe: Happy New Year! Thanks for coming so early in the morning, Arisa! You too, Minato-san! I heard from Lisa-san.
Yukina: You're welcome. I look forward to working with you.
Tomoe: Same here! Well, it's mostly work at the shrine office, so it shouldn't be too difficult!
Arisa: Hey, are our jobs going to be the same as yours?
Tomoe: Nah, I'll probably be running all over the shrine. If you have any trouble, you can just ask one of the nearby shrine maidens.
Arisa: O-okay. Got it~...
Tomoe: Alright then, could you two come with me? We need to get you changed!
Arisa: Umm, sure...
Arisa: (D-does this mean I have to work alone with Yukina-senpai all day?!)
