event137-07 Ending: Shrine Maidens in Good Company

Arisa and Yukina finish their shift and heave a sigh of relief together.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Shrine - Front]

Tsukushi: Seriously~! Do you have any idea how embarrassing it was?!
Tsukushi: Everyone in the shrine heard it, so I got so many looks!
Mashiro: U-umm... I'm sorry, but this is, well, the fourth time you've brought it up...
Tsukushi: I'll say it as many times as I want! I told you we were supposed to meet by the plum tree! You're the one who got lost, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: I-I wasn't lost... It's just that there were a lot of plum trees, so I wasn't sure which one...
Tsukushi: Oh, really? B-but... don't you think it's normal to assume it's the tree where we split up...?
Tsukushi: A-anyhow, were you okay alone? You must've been very uneasy without me.
Mashiro: No, I was okay. I was with everyone, and we got to speak about all kinds of things.
Tsukushi: Oh...?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, great. You two are still here. Mashiro-chan, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: LAYER-senpai, do you need something from us?
MASKING (Masuki): We're thinkin' of goin' around and checkin' out the stalls. You guys wanna come?
Kaoru: You must be famished, correct?
Tsukushi: Ah...
Kaoru: Fufu, a most excellent response.
Tsukushi: M-Mashiro-chan, what about you?! You're hungry too, right? Let's go together!
Mashiro: Okay. I'm also kind of hungry.
Arisa: (I-it's finally over~... I'm so beat~...)
Arisa: (I was worried at first, but I guess it wasn't that bad. I even got to the point where I could talk to Yukina-senpai normally.)
Arisa: (It was even kinda fun...)
Yukina: Ichigaya-san, I am sorry I kept you waiting.
Arisa: Ah, no problem. It's a relief to be wearing your own clothes, isn't it?
Yukina: Fufu, true. But I do not think shrine work was that bad.
Arisa: Oh! I was actually thinking the same thing!
LOCK (Rokka): Arisa-senpai~! Yukina-senpai~!
Arisa: Hm? Looks like LOCK and the others. What're you guys still doing here?
Yukina: In such a large group too.
LAYER (Rei): Are you two done with work?
Arisa: Yes, thanks to all of your help.
Kaoru: We were just contemplating perusing the wares offered by the stalls. What say you to joining us?
Yukina: I do not mind.
Arisa: I-I can go too...!
Arisa: Hm...? By the way, Kaoru-san, didn't you say you were waiting for somebody? Were you able to meet up with them?
Kaoru: I am afraid not. However, I do believe they shall appear any moment now...
Misaki: Ahh! There you are! Finally~!
Arisa: Okusawa-san?! And Kanon-senpai?!
Kanon: We were supposed to visit the shrine for New Year's with everyone else, but you disappeared, Kaoru-san. We looked so hard for you~.
Kaoru: My deepest apologies, everyone. I thought it best to remain in one spot rather than wander aimlessly.
Arisa: W-wait... Don't tell me you were lost too, Kaoru-san...?
Yukina: I probably should have paged them earlier then.
Kaoru: That would have been quite unnecessary, Yukina. As my omikuji did say, the one I seek will appear.
Kaoru: I chose to have faith and wait, and those words came true. We are united once more.
Misaki: Only after we walked around forever looking for you!
Arisa: Ahaha... I guess things worked out.
LAYER (Rei): Being with all of you right from the start of the new year makes me happy.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu! I feel the same way!
MASKING (Masuki): Yo, you guys wanna hit the stalls too? We were just talkin' about grabbin' some food.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, I think I'm a little hungry...
Misaki: Yeah. Let's go and invite Kokoro and Hagumi first.
Tsukushi: J-just look at all the people we're with...
Mashiro: I'm not sure we belong here...
Tsukushi: I-it'll be okay! I'm here! Come on, let's go!
Arisa: (Haha... At the start of the day, I never would've imagined I'd end up in such a large group and going around to the different stalls...)
Arisa: (Well, a New Year's like this once in a while isn't half bad.)
Arisa: ... Huh?! Everyone's gone already?! Yukina-senpai, let's hurry!
Yukina: Fufu, agreed.
(Black cut)
