event137-06 Chapter 5: An Honest Feeling

As the pair continue to struggle to perform their duties, what thought suddenly arises...?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Rei Wakana)

[Shrine Office]

Arisa: I see. You got separated from Tsukushi-chan, huh?
Mashiro: Y-yes... I've looked all over for her, but...
LAYER (Rei): She can't get her phone to connect either.
Arisa: That makes sense with a crowd like this... I think we can page her from here though...
Yukina: Yes. The manual shows what to say. Wait here. I will go and make the announcement.
Mashiro: Th-thank you very much...
Arisa: Sorry, Yukina-senpai!
Yukina: No problem. All I have to do is read this.
Arisa: Thank you.
Kaoru: I am certain the lost princess shall soon be found. It is a relief, is it not?
Mashiro: Yes...!
Arisa: By the way, where did LOCK and MASKING run off to?
LAYER (Rei): They said they were going to go get drinks. They should be back soon.
Arisa: I see. Glad they're not lost or anythin-
Yukina: Attention visitors. We have received word that there is a lost child.
LAYER, Arisa, Kaoru & Mashiro: Lost child?
Yukina: The high school girl is last said to have been seen wearing a red blouse and a brown checkered dress.
Yukina: If you have seen the girl in question, please contact the shrine office. Thank you. Attention visitors...
LAYER (Rei): This announcement... It's for little children, isn't it...?
Arisa: Hahaha... Yeah... There should've been a template towards the bottom for paging people in general~...
Kaoru: How... fleeting.
Mashiro: Ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Front]

Arisa: Now to organize the ema plaques. We're supposed to put the ones that are over a year old into this box, right?
Yukina: Yes. The ones we put in it will be put through a ritual burning.
Arisa: Finally, our last job~. A lot happened, but looks like we'll make it.
Yukina: It does look that way. To be honest, I am pretty exhausted.
Arisa: Ahaha, me too. I did panic a lot. There were so many new things I wasn't used to...
Arisa: ... Could I ask you something? Why did you volunteer to hand out the snacks?
Arisa: From what I saw, it looked like you're also not used to dealing with children...
Yukina: I am not. I do not know what to do with them, and I am not very good at it either.
Yukina: However, I do not see the point in trying to avoid what needs to be done. It also seemed like you are not good with children.
Arisa: Oh, was it that obvious...?
Yukina: Yes, it would have been difficult not to notice.
Arisa: I-I see... Sorry you had to do it for my sake...
Arisa: ... And, um, thank you.
Yukina: ... You're welcome.
Arisa: I know I was the one who told you we needed to help each other out, but I ended up being the one needing most of the helping.
Yukina: Really? I do not recall helping you.
Arisa: But you did! You helped with the charms, took care of the snacks, and handled the paging!
Yukina: But not everything went well. I ended up requiring everyone's assistance, and I used the wrong template for paging.
Yukina: If Lisa had been here instead, I am sure she would have handled things far more smoothly.
Arisa: Yeah, probably. I'm sure Tomoe-san would have done a better job taking care of things as well~.
Arisa: Doing things I'm not good at makes me realize just how much I'm always being helped by everyone around me.
Arisa: Someone better suited just seems to always take care of the things that give me trouble...
Arisa: Now that I think about it, that happens a lot in Poppin'Party...
Yukina: ... Yes, I feel the same way.
Yukina: We must be grateful that we have members who cover for our shortcomings.
Arisa: Yeah...
Arisa: Well, not that I'd ever tell Kasumi. I just know it'll make her so happy she'll hug me...
Yukina: Oh? Why don't you tell her? There are some things that will never be known unless they are put into words.
Arisa: Hmm... That may be so, but...
Arisa: You know, doing that sort of thing just isn't me!
Arisa: Anyway, let's just finish organizing these ema plaques!
Yukina: Fufu... Okay.
Arisa: There sure do seem to be a lot of plaques praying for good health~... Ah, I know!
Arisa: Yukina-senpai, could you hand this to Lisa-san? It's a health charm.
Yukina: What a coincidence. I had also bought one to give to Lisa.
Arisa: Ah! It's the same one I got...
Yukina: We should go see her together and give them to her.
Arisa: I like the sound of that!
(White cut)
