event137-03 Chapter 2: Strategy Meeting

The girls talk with LAYER, who's visiting the shrine. She seems particularly happy...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Yukina Minato, Rei Wakana)

[Shrine Office]

LAYER (Rei): Hm? Is that you, Minato-san, Arisa-chan?
Yukina: ... LAYER?
LAYER (Rei): It really is you two! I was trying to get a good look from far away because I thought I saw some familiar faces~. But why are you shrine maidens?
Arisa: Well, uhh, we're kind of helping out...
LAYER (Rei): I see. You both look really nice.
Arisa: Th-thanks... Anyway, what are you doing here, LAYER?
LAYER (Rei): Me? I'm waiting for LOCK and Masuki. We're supposed to meet here for our New Year's shrine visit.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I almost forgot. Happy New Year. I look forward to another year with you.
Arisa: Oh, I do too...
Yukina: Happy New Year.
LAYER (Rei): I feel like today will be my lucky day since I've gotten to bump into you two.
Arisa: I don't think we'd bring you any luck. Why do you look so happy anyway?
Yukina: Yes, you do seem different from usual.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, I do...? It might be because I've never done a New Year's shrine visit with friends before.
Arisa: If it's your first time, I can see why...
LAYER (Rei): Hm?
Arisa: N-nothing... Umm... Be careful, okay? There are a lot of people.
LAYER (Rei): Thank you. Having a shrine maiden tell me that makes me feel like I need to be extra careful.
Arisa: Nah, there's no need for that. We're just regular high schoolers.
Arisa: (... Since we do look like shrine maidens, people wouldn't have a way of knowing we're just temps helping out for a day.)
Arisa: (I need to get my act together. Shrine maidens are supposed to be servants of the spirits, after all.)
LAYER (Rei): Ah, it's almost time. I'll be going now. Bye.
Yukina: Okay, see you.
Arisa: Alright, bye.
Arisa: I need to get used to this before the next wave of people comes...
Arisa: But how exactly am I supposed to get my act together?
Yukina: It seems we both have shortcomings we must overcome.
Arisa: Ah, sorry! I wasn't asking you. I was just speaking out loud...
Yukina: Does it matter? What's important now is how we can do our job as shrine maidens, is it not?
Arisa: Y-yes, you're right!
???: Oh my. My eyes do see two fair little kittens... How fleeting.
Arisa: K-Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Greetings, Arisa-chan, Yukina. And Happy New Year. May I draw an omikuji?
Yukina: Of course.
Arisa: Did you come for your New Year's shrine visit? Are you alone...?
Kaoru: Indeed, I have. Although I am not alone... Oh?
Kaoru: It seems my number is one...
Yukina: Number one... Here.
Kaoru: Thank you. Hmm... A... great blessing.
Kaoru: "Wish: Shall come true", "The one you seek: Will appear." Interesting...
Arisa: You're so lucky you got a great blessing. I just want enough luck to make it through this job...
Kaoru: Does something trouble you?
Arisa: It's just that Yukina-senpai and I aren't exactly used to this kind of job... And I've messed up already.
Kaoru: Do not fret. As a great bard once said on fate...
Kaoru: It will always lead our hearts to the place we most belong...
Arisa: Uhh, a great what?
Arisa: (Kaoru-san's always so hard to understand...)
Yukina: Ichigaya-san. Let's come up with a plan.
Arisa: A plan? You mean a plan to get through shrine work?
Yukina: Yes. At this rate, we will inconvenience the shrine's visitors. We need to come up with a plan that takes what we have learned from our mistakes.
Kaoru: A splendid idea.
Arisa: Learn from our mistakes, huh...? Whenever I'm asked about things that aren't in the manual, I panic because I don't know what to say...
Yukina: I appear to have trouble with details. I do not think I have memorized the manual completely, and it has resulted in a lot of small mistakes.
Yukina: However... You, on the other hand, have been able to handle everything in the manual quite well.
Arisa: Well... I guess so. But I've been amazed by how you always remain calm no matter what... Wait, so that means...
Arisa: We just have to help each other out with the things that give us trouble.
Kaoru: Heh... I see you have found the answer.
Yukina: I'll help you when you have trouble with people, and you will point out any mistakes that I am about to make. Is that what you mean?
Arisa: Keeping an eye on each other might make things harder, but I think it'll be less stressful that way.
Arisa: Yeah, I have a feeling this could work!
