event137-04 Chapter 3: Hand in Hand

As Arisa and Yukina get back to work with renewed enthusiasm, they feel somebody's gaze.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shrine Office]

Arisa: Alright! Now that we've got a plan, I'm sure things will work out this time!
Yukina: I agree... Hm?
???: I wonder why they're working as shrine maidens...
???: They're probably trying to learn about society and gain experience...!
Kaoru: Ah, if it isn't two little princesses peering our way. Come, do not be shy.
Tsukushi: H-hello. Happy New Year!
Mashiro: H-Happy New Year...
Kaoru: Happy New Year. Are the two of you here for your New Year's shrine visit?
Tsukushi: Yes! We finished praying, so Mashiro-chan said she would like to look at the charms...
Arisa: Ah, you want charms?
Mashiro: Y-yes...
Arisa: Umm... Which one would you like? We've got all kinds.
Mashiro: Hmm, I can't decide what to pick...
Arisa: It can be hard to decide when there are a lot. I can give you a recommendation based on the kind of blessing you'd like.
Arisa: M-Mashiro-chan, is there a particular blessing you would like?
Mashiro: Umm, well, do you have anything that will help me do my best this year...?
Arisa: I-is there anything you would like to specifically work on?
Mashiro: Th-there's lots of things...
Arisa: (Hmm, I didn't expect this... I wonder what the best response is...)
Yukina: In that case, you should just buy a charm for everything you would like to work on.
Mashiro & Arisa: Huh...?
Yukina: You have many areas you would like to receive blessings in, correct? That would mean relying on just one charm will not be enough.
Arisa: (What she's suggesting is pretty extreme, but she said it with such confidence that it's oddly convincing...)
Mashiro: ... Now that you mention it, I don't think just one would be enough. Umm, could I have this one, that one... and that one, too?
Arisa: O-okay! I'll have those ready for you in a bit.
Tsukushi: P-pardon me, Yukina-senpai! May I draw an omikuji?
Yukina: Here.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much!
Tsukushi: Okay~... This one, please!
Yukina: Number twenty... Please wait a moment.
Yukina: Oh, I have not been restocking the omikuji slips. I should go get some more...
Arisa: Ah, I noticed you were running low earlier, so I restocked them!
Yukina: I never noticed...
Yukina: Here is number twenty. Thank you for visiting our shrine.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! ... Ah! I got a great blessing!
Yukina: Thank you, Ichigaya-san. That was a big help.
Arisa: No problem! Thank you very much for the help back there!
Arisa: I get the feeling that things just might work out so long as we keep helping out each other like we just did.
Mashiro: I-it sounds like the work you're doing is pretty hard...
Arisa: Neither one of us is exactly good at this kind of work...
Mashiro: ...? Then why did you take the job...?
Arisa: Well, it's kind of complicated...
Yukina: Regardless, since we accepted the job, complaining about not being good at it will do us no good.
Yukina: We just need to do what needs to be done. That is all.
Mashiro: You two are so amazing. I just try to avoid things I'm not good at...
Arisa: Uhh, actually, I'm more like you...
Kaoru: Mashiro-chan, just as these two have helped each other, you too will be able to overcome such trials once you have found others with which to do the same.
Mashiro: D-do you really... think so...?
Arisa: By the way, Kaoru-san, who exactly are you waiting for? You've been here for a while...
Kaoru: Heh... It would seem that way, wouldn't it?
Arisa: ...?
(Black cut)

[Shrine Office]

Arisa: Phew, it seems like we're getting the hang of this. Ah, thank you very much for helping me when things started to get busy!
Yukina: You are welcome. I am also starting to realize my mistakes before you point them out.
Arisa: I think we're going to pull through!
Shrine Maiden: Ichigaya-san, Minato-san, could I ask one of you to handle a separate task later?
Arisa: A separate task?
Shrine Maiden: Yes. I would like one of you to hand out snacks to the children who are visiting.
Arisa: (K-kids, huh...? I'm not really good with children... I dunno what to do with them when they start crying or get rowdy...)
Yukina & Arisa: ...
Arisa: (But Yukina-senpai doesn't look like the type who's particularly fond of children either... Guess I gotta step up for her...)
Yukina: ...
Yukina: I will go.
Arisa: What? Yukina-senpai...?
Shrine Maiden: Okay, Minato-san. I'll see you when the time comes. I'll leave the snacks in a basket in that room over there.
Yukina: Okay.
Arisa: (Maybe I was wrong about her not being too fond of kids...)
Kaoru: Fufu...
