event153-03 Chapter 2: Nonstop Excitement

Arisa reveals the truth about the egg to Misaki. What will she do with this information...?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Misaki: Ah, Ichigaya-san, good morning.
Arisa: Good morning... Um, Okusawa-san. There's something I need to tell you...
Misaki: Hm? What's the matter?
(Black cut)
Misaki: A k-kitchen timer?! That's what that egg is?!
Arisa: Yeah. I guess you'd call it a gag gift... It's just a strange-shaped kitchen timer. But Kitazawa-san and the others seem to have mistaken it for a dinosaur egg...
Arisa: And what's more, when I checked to see if it worked, it seems I forgot to turn it off. It might go off regularly until the batteries die...
Misaki: So that's what that was...
Misaki: Umm... Sorry about my bandmates. The three of them tend not to listen to people when they get excited.
Misaki: I'll clear up the misunderstanding, so don't worry about it, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: ... Are you sure it's okay?
Misaki: Ahaha... Well, I'm used to this sort of thing when dealing with them... So I'm sure it'll be fine.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Misaki: So much for what I said...
Kanon: The garden for Kokoro-chan's house has a really big pen in it... I wonder if she had the suit people make it...
Misaki: Probably... I was thinking we could just see how things go for a bit longer, but this could be a problem if we don't fix it soon...
Hagumi: Ah! Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai! Look, it's a house for the dinosaur!
Kokoro: We all made it!
Kaoru: ... That being said, Hagumi constructed most of it for us.
Misaki: Y-you made that pen? How did you make something that big between now and yesterday?!
Hagumi: Ehehe. I sometimes help my dad with his do-it-yourself projects!
Misaki: This is way past that level!
Hagumi: Really? When my dad made a house for a neighbor's dog, it was bigger than this.
Hagumi: I'm still a high school student, so this is about all I can make.
Misaki: I don't think being in high school has anything to do with it. What kind of person is your dad...?!
Kaoru: I must say, I am thrilled we finished the dinosaur's house so quickly.
Kokoro: Yes, we don't know when the egg will hatch, after all!
Kanon: S-still, isn't this a little too big...?
Kaoru: Babies develop at a rapid pace. Do they not say that it happens in but the blink of an eye?
Misaki: Would that apply to dinosaurs...? Wait, that's not the issue!
Misaki: I'm just going to say this clearly. Hagumi, the thing you're holding is a kitchen timer, not an egg!
Hagumi: Huh...?
Kokoro: A kitchen timer?
Misaki: Yep, that's what Ichigaya-san said.
Hagumi: ...? That doesn't make sense, Mii-kun. Kitchen timers are smaller than this and have numbers written on them.
Kokoro: And they beep when time is up!
Misaki: What I'm saying is that the egg is a kind of gag gift... It might not beep, but it makes a sound, right?
Kaoru: There is indeed a sound, but that is the sound of Angelina tapping the shell from the inside.
Misaki: Like I'm telling you, that's the sound of the ti-... Wait. What was that about Angelina...?
Kaoru: It is the name that I thought of. It means "small angel." Did you not care for it?
Misaki: This isn't about whether I like it or not. Don't give it a name. You'll just get attached to it.
Kaoru: Then what about Stephanie?
Misaki: ...
Kaoru: ... Charlotte?
Misaki: Argh~! You can't keep a dinosaur as a pet, so there's no need to give it a name!
Kaoru: I see. Misaki, you insist upon saying that this egg is a kitchen timer. Is that it?
Hagumi: Mii-kun, have you never seen a kitchen timer before?
Hagumi: I'll show you a real kitchen timer next time, okay?! That way you'll realize this is a dinosaur egg!
Misaki: Like I'm trying to tell you~!
Kokoro: Hm~...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan...?
Kokoro: If we're going to have the dinosaur live here, I feel like it's missing something with just a house.
Kaoru: What else would she need...?
Hagumi, Kokoro & Kaoru: Hm~...
Kanon: A-ahaha... The three of them are deep in thought...
Misaki: Sigh~... It would be nice if they understood that the egg is just a kitchen timer though...
Hagumi: Ah! I got it! We're missing a place for the dinosaur to play!
Kaoru: I see...! Having only a house would lead to a buildup of stress, as she would be inside all day long...
Kokoro: You have a point. The dinosaur might be happier if it had a playground or an obstacle course near its pen!
Hagumi: Let's get started making a place where the dinosaur can play! Next to the house is okay, right?!
Misaki: No, no, no! Hagumi, get back here!
