event153-01 Opening: A Happy Discovery?!

Hello, Happy World! is visiting the museum to see the fossils they found on Happy Happy Island. Afterwards, an excited Hagumi makes a discovery.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Museum]

Hagumi: Those dinosaur bones are so cool~! Mii-kun, look!
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi! This is a museum, so you need to be quiet.
Kanon: Fufu. What dinosaur is that~...? Wow, this says it's a tyrannosaurus!
Kokoro: So this is the famous tyrannosaurus. It's so wonderful!
Kaoru: Indeed. Even as mere bones, it has such an imposing appearance... I can sense the vitality of the distant past.
Kokoro: Everyone, look! There are large dinosaur bones over there as well!
Misaki: Hold on! First, we have to find the exhibition corner for the fossils found on Happy Happy Island. That's what we came here for today.
Kanon: It really is amazing that the stuff we found is being put on display at a museum.
Misaki: Right... Well, it sounds like it's only pictures from the fossil dig and a panel summarizing the research progress.
Kaoru: Oh my... Take a look at the information board on the wall. It would appear our goal is at the end of the route.
Kanon: Does that mean we'll get there no matter what route we take?
Misaki: Looks like it... Ah, but I think I'd prefer it if you stuck with me, Kanon-san.
Kanon: O-okay. I'll do what I can to not get lost...
Hagumi: Everyone~, hurry over here! There are so many dinosaurs~!
Misaki: Yeah, yeah... Oh, this is pretty interesting to see.
Kanon: You're right. This area doesn't just have dinosaur bones, it also shows what they looked like when they were alive.
Kokoro: Look, this dinosaur has large horns that are really impressive. I wonder what it's called.
Hagumi: I know! This dinosaur is called a triceratops!
Misaki: Oh, that's right, Hagumi.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, do you know a lot about dinosaurs?
Misaki: No. It was written on the plate over there.
Kanon: Fufu, so that's what it was.
Hagumi: Hey, there's a baby that just hatched from an egg near the triceratops' feet!
Misaki: Wow~. The parent is large, but the baby is the size of a kitten. That's unexpected.
Kanon: The egg isn't very big either. I think it's the size of an ostrich egg.
Misaki: Right. It has speckles, but the color isn't any different than a normal egg... I thought a dinosaur egg would be more colorful.
Hagumi: The triceratops baby is so tiny and cute~. I just want to give it a hug!
Kokoro: How nice! I would like to play with the dinosaur too!
Kanon: Fufu, it'd be nice if real dinosaurs were still alive.
Kokoro: Oh, I'm sure they're alive somewhere. I imagine you could find one if you looked in every corner of the world.
Kanon: U-umm, do you... think so?
Misaki: Okay, it's time we move on. At this pace, the sun will go down by the time we see the Happy Happy Island exhibition.
All: Okay~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: Hey, Mii-kun. The museum was really fun, huh?!
Misaki: Hagumi, calm down already... Well, I admit it was more spacious than I imagined, and the exhibitions were amazing.
Kanon: The Happy Happy Island fossil corner was good too.
Misaki: Right. They still don't know if it's a new species or not, but based on their passion... it felt like they were going to give this research their all.
Kaoru: Indeed. Even just the panel was quite impactful. The fossil pictures seemed to be trying to convey a scene from the distant past.
Misaki: I didn't really get that feeling from it...
Kokoro: I think the nickname that was given to the fossil was lovely!
Hagumi: Me too! It's being called Happy because of the island's name, right?!
Kokoro: Yes. Happy is sure to make people around the world smile after this.
Kanon: Fufu, I'm sure it will. All of the children that saw today's exhibition were smiling so happily, weren't they?
Misaki: ... Ah. It's faster for Kanon-san and I to turn onto this road, so shall we call it here for today?
Hagumi: Yeah! See you at school!
Kaoru: Take care on your way home.
Kanon: Thank you, Kaoru-san.
Misaki: Make sure you all head straight home, okay?
Hagumi: Got it! Bye-bye!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: I just had a fantast-erific idea! As we're walking, why don't we think of something that will make everyone happy?
Kaoru: That is a splendid idea. We just may come up with an idea that will make everyone smile just as much as Happy will.
Hagumi: Agreed! And you know what makes me happy? It's when I eat freshly fried croquettes from our shop!
Kaoru: For me... I would say the euphoria of standing on stage is quite irreplaceable.
Kokoro: I have so very many~! Taking a nap makes me feel happy, as well as our concerts. There's also-
Hagumi: Ah~!
Kokoro & Kaoru: ...?!
Kaoru: Whatever is the matter, Hagumi? You yelled out so suddenly.
Hagumi: Look, over there...!
Kokoro: ...? Is there something the matter with Ryuseido?
Hagumi: On the store shelf... There's a dinosaur egg!
Kokoro & Kaoru: Huh?!
