event153-06 Chapter 5: Operation Caw Caw!

Hello, Happy World! gathers to search for the egg. What's their plan...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kaoru: So we simply need to find the crow that absconded with the egg.
Kanon: But how are we supposed to find the crow's nest...?
Kokoro: I know. Why don't we just have the crow come out for us?
Misaki: Like I've been saying, that isn't easy.
Kaoru: On the contrary, it is quite simple. We need but try becoming crows ourselves.
Kaoru: If you know what is in the crow's heart, would you not naturally discover a way to lure it out?
Hagumi: I see~...! So we just need to figure out what would make us want to leave our nests if we were crows!
Kokoro: In that case, let's have a Hello, Happy World! concert! I'm sure the crow would enjoy it and come out!
Misaki: Kokoro, concerts can't do everything.
Hagumi: If I were a crow~... I'd definitely want to eat croquettes fried by my dad!
Misaki: Hagumi, forget about croquettes for a minute.
Hagumi: What?! Then what do you think a crow would want to eat, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Hold on, we weren't talking about what it would want to eat... But I guess food would be one way to lure it out.
Kanon: Probably... Should we also try looking up the natural behavior of crows...?
Kaoru: There is no need for such complex research, Kanon. There are as many correct answers as there are crows.
Misaki: Incidentally, Kaoru-san. If you were a crow, what would you leave your nest for?
Kaoru: If I were a crow... I suppose I would do so for a short time to speak on the fleetingness of the setting sun.
Hagumi: True. Crows often stop and chat on telephone lines!
Kokoro: In other words... We do this!
Hagumi, Kokoro: Caw!
Misaki: Th-they're imitating a crow's cawing?!
Hagumi: Caw! Caw! Mr. Crow, come out!
Kokoro: Caw, caw! Fufu, this is kind of fun! Kanon, join us!
Kanon: Fue?! C-caw...?
Misaki: Come on... If this made it come out, we wouldn't be going through all this trouble.
Misaki: Huh? It actually came?!
Student: Eek!
Kanon: Ah, that girl's bag...!
Hagumi: It's taking someone's stuff again...! Hey, you can't do that!
Misaki: The crow is getting away! What do we do? There's no way for us to catch a flying bird!
Hagumi: Give me back my egg~!
Misaki: Wait, Hagumi... She's so fast! She might catch up to the crow!
Kanon: The crow seems to be surprised too...
Misaki: Well, I imagine it's never had a human catch up with it like that.
Misaki: I knew that Hagumi was athletic, but who would've thought she could compete with a bird...?
Kaoru: Ah, Hagumi...! I can see the beautiful wings splaying out from your shoulders...!
Kokoro: Mmm~! I'm having such fun playing tag with the crow! Wait up, Hagumi! Mr. Crow!
Misaki: Ah, Kokoro! Argh, why is this happening~?!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Hagumi: Hey, Mr. Crow! Come out!
Kokoro: Mr. Crow~!
Misaki: Pant, pant... W-we just... ended up going around the campus and coming back to the courtyard... Were you able to see which tree it went to...?
Hagumi: It was no use... Kokoron and I both lost sight of it. What do we do? Will we ever find the egg...?
Hagumi: I wonder if the egg has gotten cold or hurt...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Misaki: Hagumi... It still might be too early to give up.
Hagumi: Huh?
Misaki: The thing is, as we were running, I remembered the crow's famous habit. Umm, I should have some in my bag...
Misaki: Here they are!
Hagumi: Are those... beads? You use those with your needle felting, right?
Misaki: Yeah. I heard that crows have a habit of collecting things that sparkle. This might not work, but it's better than nothing, right?
Hagumi: Wow, the beads are sparkling in the sunlight...
Kokoro: Ah! Here comes the crow again!
Misaki: Ack, wait, here! You can have the beads! Take them back to your nest!
Misaki: Th-thank goodness~. It left right away...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, are you okay?!
Misaki: Well, more or less... So, Hagumi. Were you able to tell where the nest is this time?
Hagumi: Yeah! Thanks to you, I was able to see where it went! I'm gonna go talk to the crow and get the egg back!
Misaki: Okay. Go ahead.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Everyone~! The egg is okay! It wasn't cracked!
Kokoro: That's wonderful news, Hagumi!
Misaki: Does this mean that the case is closed...?
Hagumi: Yeah! The egg is fine...
Hagumi: ... Huh?
