event153-04 Chapter 3: An Odd Morning

The number of toys and buildings for the dinosaur continues to grow. Hagumi is determined to properly hatch the egg, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Next Day]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Misaki: Haha... There's actually more...
Kanon: It's like panda play equipment you'd find at the zoo...
Kokoro: Now there's a house and a place to play, so would food be next? What do triceratops eat?
Hagumi: They eat grass, Kokoron! The short kind that grows on the ground!
Kaoru: I see... In other words, this courtyard is perfect for the egg... I mean, Jennifer.
Kokoro: Right. There's a lot of grass growing here, so they'll be able to eat their fill of it!
Hagumi: Yay! It's like an all-you-can-eat buffet!
Misaki: Wait, you can't just let it eat the grass as it likes! This courtyard was made with the scenery in mind!
Hagumi: Is that true? Then maybe we shouldn't make it an all-you-can-eat buffet...
Misaki: Exactly. If possible, you should make a proper spot where it can eat its food and- No, wait. I keep telling you, a dinosaur won't hatch from that egg.
Hagumi: It's okay, Mii-kun. I'm holding on to this egg and warming it up. I don't know when it'll happen, but I'm sure it'll hatch!
Misaki: Sigh. What do I have to say so you'll understand...?
Kanon: ... Hagumi-chan really has been with the egg this whole time. She's been holding it or keeping it in a handbag...
Misaki: Yeah. It seems like she's taking it to school as well, and that could turn into a problem...
Misaki: Should we separate the egg from her before the misunderstanding is cleared up? We could hide it somewhere.
Kanon: Hm~...
Kokoro: Hagumi, is there anything else that we can do for the dinosaur?
Hagumi: Umm~, it might be nice to have a pond next to its house!
Kokoro: Okey-dokey. Then let's make a pond next!
Hagumi: Okay! But I wonder if we'll be able to make a good one. The last time I made a pond was in kindergarten...
Kanon: Y-you made a pond...? Where...?
Hagumi: In a neighborhood park! All you need to do is dig a hole and fill it with water, so it's really easy!
Hagumi: But one time, I dug the hole too deep, and I couldn't get out... I don't remember what happened after that, though.
Kaoru: Well then, this time we shall have to finish it properly.
Hagumi: Right!
Misaki: Sorry to interrupt you when you're having fun, but why is a pond necessary? Does the dinosaur really need one?
Hagumi: Yeah, it does! Triceratops drink water and bathe at ponds!
Kokoro: I see! Hagumi, you know so much about dinosaurs!
Hagumi: Actually, I looked them up when I went home yesterday.
Kaoru: You even conducted research after having spent time building play equipment... Ah~, such deep affection you have for this creature.
Hagumi: Ehehe... I want to do everything I can for this egg so it doesn't have any problems!
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan is really looking forward to the egg hatching.
Kanon: Just taking the egg away from her might not be the best thing...
Misaki: Right...
Misaki: Still, we have to get the three of them to understand that it's not a dinosaur egg right away.
Kanon: Y-yeah... The later they realize it, the more disappointed they'll be...
Misaki: Seriously, how do we go about this...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Misaki: ... It's no use. I thought about it all night, but I couldn't come up with an answer...
Sayo: Good morning. I am with the disciplinary committee. For anyone that has not undergone the clothing check, please come this way.
Misaki: Ah... Sayo-senpai. Good morning.
Sayo: Good morning, Okusawa-san. Please show me your school badge... It is properly affixed. You may go on through.
Misaki: Thank you very much.
Misaki: (... Phew. Even though I know there's not a problem, clothing checks make me nervous...)
Hagumi: Good morning!
Misaki: Ah, Hagumi...
Sayo: Good morning, Kitazawa-san. Your school badge looks fine.
Sayo: Hm? What is in that handbag? It looks to be a large egg...
Hagumi: Yeah, it's a dinosaur egg!
Sayo: A dinosaur egg...?
Misaki: (O-oh no...!)
Sayo: Kitazawa-san, you mustn't bring unnecessary items into school.
Hagumi: In that case, there's no problem. Because this is something I need!
Sayo: No, that's not it... No matter how you look at it, you don't need that, do you?
Hagumi: ...? Why do you think so?
Sayo: Why...? First of all, it's not necessary for your classes.
Hagumi: But Sayo-senpai, don't you bring a guitar to school? Do you use that in your classes?
Sayo: Th-that is because I have practice after school...
Hagumi: Why is a guitar okay, but an egg isn't? I don't think it's nice to be mean to eggs only!
Sayo: I-I am not being mean! What I am trying to say is... Please give me a moment to organize my thoughts so I can explain... Umm...
Misaki: (Shoot, Sayo-senpai is getting confused...!)
Misaki: Excuse me, Sayo-senpai! The egg is, uh... for one of those social and emotional experiments, so it's not really unnecessary for education, but...
Hagumi: That's not it, Mii-kun. It's not a social... whatever you called it. This egg is a tricerato- Mmph!
Misaki: Hagumi, shush!
Misaki: Umm, anyway, please let her off the hook for today! Excuse us!
Sayo: W-wait! I have not finished my explanation yet!
Hagumi: Mmph~!
