event153-07 Ending: Whether You're an Egg or Not...

The egg doesn't seem to be doing well, and Hagumi is distraught. Seeing this, what will Misaki tell her...?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Hagumi: ... Huh? Hey, are you okay in there? Hey!
Misaki: What's going on, Hagumi? Did something happen to the egg?
Hagumi: Y-yeah... The tapping sound from inside the egg sounds quieter...
Kokoro: Does that mean the egg isn't feeling well?
Kaoru: Are you sure you aren't mishearing things?
Kanon: ... H-hey, Misaki-chan. Do you think the batteries are starting to run out...? If we change them, it'll go back to normal, right...?
Misaki: I think so... It's just a kitchen timer, after all.
Hagumi: What do I do...?! Did this happen because I wasn't watching it properly...?!
Kanon: U-um, Hagumi-chan...! I'm sure it's just a little cold...! So if we warm it up, it should feel better again.
Hagumi: R-really...?
Kanon: Yeah. I think it's tired from today. Misaki-chan and I will warm it up for you. So, just give the egg to us...
Misaki: ... No, let's stop, Kanon-san.
Kanon: Huh...?
Misaki: Listen, Hagumi. I said this before, but that egg is a kitchen timer.
Hagumi: B-but... It's not shaped like a kitchen timer at all.
Kokoro: That's right. It doesn't beep either.
Misaki: Try pressing down a little on the bottom of the egg and sliding it. That should make the lid come off and the switch will come out.
Hagumi: On the bottom of the egg...? Whoa! It really came off...!
Misaki: See? Next, if you press the switch...
Hagumi: ...? Th-the sound has completely stopped!
Misaki: That's because you turned the power off... So, now you get it, right? That egg is just a kitchen timer.
Misaki: It's not a dinosaur egg.
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: I see. It wasn't a dinosaur egg.
Kaoru: Hagumi... We are disappointed as well. But do not be disheartened...
Hagumi: ... I...
Hagumi: I'm so relieved~!
Kanon: Huh?! H-Hagumi-chan...? You know this means it was never actually a dinosaur egg, right...?
Hagumi: I know! I mean, if the dinosaur egg had gotten weaker, I'd feel so bad for it! That's why I'm glad it wasn't real!
Misaki: Huh~? What's up with that...?
Kanon: Fufu... Still, I'm kind of relieved.
Misaki: Honestly, so am I...
Kaoru: Who would have thought that the dinosaur egg's true identity was that of a kitchen timer?
Misaki: I said so multiple times. None of you would listen to me though.
Misaki: With that said, Hagumi, you don't have to hold it so delicately anymore. It's just a kitchen timer.
Hagumi: Yeah... But I will anyway. It's really special to me!
Misaki: Well, after taking care of it that much, I guess you'd get attached...
Kanon: She kept the egg warm the whole time, after all...
Kanon: To tell you the truth, I thought that if you learned the truth, you'd get really disappointed, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: I was surprised, but I'm okay. I mean, I had a lot of fun!
Misaki: Huh...? What do you mean? Aren't you disappointed because you had fun?
Hagumi: Umm, whether it was a dinosaur egg or not, the feelings I got from it were real.
Hagumi: Even if this egg isn't a dinosaur egg, that doesn't mean the fun I had will go away. So I'm not disappointed at all!
Misaki: Sigh~... I guess that's one way to think about it.
Misaki: I thought I knew you, Hagumi... But I guess you still have a lot of surprises in store for me.
Misaki: You easily made a large pen and dinosaur play area in the short time I wasn't watching you...
Kanon: That seemed to be normal for Hagumi-chan, but it wasn't normal at all, huh...?
Misaki: No, it wasn't. I have no idea where all that unexpected vitality comes from...
Misaki: I thought the only one you couldn't stop once they started running was Kokoro, but this time Hagumi was worse than her.
Kanon: That just shows that once Hagumi-chan has decided something, she's jumps right in, don't you think?
Misaki: Kanon-san, please don't try to wrap it up like a story. She's way too passionate. There was no stopping her until she stopped on her own...
Hagumi: Huh? What's that? Are you talking about me?
Misaki: That's right. We're saying that you're amazing.
Hagumi: ...? Did I do something?
Misaki: Specifically, we're saying the fact that you aren't aware of it yourself is amazing...
Kanon: Fufufu.
Misaki: More importantly, what are you going to do with that egg, Hagumi? Will you use it at home?
Hagumi: Um, about that...
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ryuseido]

Misaki: ... Hagumi, are you sure about this?
Hagumi: Yep! We've got a kitchen timer at home that we've been using for ages, so we can't use this egg.
Hagumi: So, instead of being at my house, I think this egg would be happier at Ryuseido waiting for someone that would use it as a kitchen timer!
Kaoru: Ahh, Hagumi... You are such a kind-hearted kitten to show such consideration for the egg...!
Arisa: Umm... Sorry to interrupt, but is it okay for me to take it now?
Hagumi: Sorry to keep you waiting, Aa-chan! Take care of that egg for me... Okay?!
Kanon: I hope someone nice comes across it.
Hagumi: I'm sure it'll be fine! I mean, I polished it every day to make it shine... So it's really pretty and cute...
Hagumi: N-ngh...! Take care...!
Kokoro: That egg is special to you, isn't it? Hagumi, let's all come back and visit the egg again!
Hagumi: ... Okay!
Kaoru: Hagumi... I shall accompany you at that time as well. Although it was temporary, she was a member of the band, after all.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun...
Kanon: M-me too...! I'll come visit the egg too...!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai...!
Hagumi: Thanks. Let's all come visit it again. It's a promise...!
Kokoro, Kaoru & Kanon: Okay! Indeed. Yeah!
Misaki: Seriously... It's just a kitchen timer.
(Black cut)
