event153-02 Chapter 1: Welcome, Newcomer~!

There's a dinosaur egg at Ryuseido! It looks just like the model at the museum...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Ryuseido]

Hagumi: Excuse me!
Arisa: Welcome~... Ah, it's Kitazawa-san and Tsurumaki-san... and Kaoru-san, you're here too?
Kokoro: Hello, Arisa!
Kaoru: Greetings. Our apologies for suddenly barging in at this hour on a day off.
Hagumi: Aa-chan, show me that dinosaur egg on display out front!
Arisa: Dinosaur...? Ah, I think we have one of those.
Arisa: Here, this is what you meant, right?
Kaoru: Oho, this is... the same as the triceratops egg that was on display in the museum.
Kokoro: You're right. It's white and has speckles on it! It's even the same size.
Hagumi: Aa-chan, when did you get this dinosaur egg in your shop?!
Arisa: I dunno... But it might've been here for quite a while. If you're that curious, do you want to hold it?
Hagumi: C-can I?!
Arisa: It's not really anything special... Here you go.
Hagumi: Whoa! ... Huh? It's lighter than I expected.
Kokoro: I have to say, the more I look at it, the more it seems the same as the one in the museum! Do you think it would hatch if we warmed it up?
Kaoru: It just might. Once the baby dinosaur hatches, I imagine it would be quite adorable.
Hagumi: I think it would be great if it hatched... But that might be a impossible...
Kokoro: Oh my, why is that?
Hagumi: I mean, if this is a dinosaur egg, that means it's been an egg for a really long time.
Hagumi: If eggs stay as eggs for too long, they won't be able to hatch.
Kaoru: Is that so? ... That is a pity.
Arisa: ... Umm, actually, that "egg" is...
Hagumi: Wait!
Kaoru: ...?! What's the matter, Hagumi?
Hagumi: The egg... I can hear a sound coming from inside of it! It's like there's a tapping from inside the shell!
Kokoro & Kaoru: ...!
Kokoro: How terrific! The dinosaur inside it is still alive!
Kaoru: Which means, if we warm it up...
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: It'll hatch!
Hagumi: Wow, amazing! I get to meet a baby dinosaur!
Kokoro: Once the egg hatches, we should all play with the baby dinosaur! It's sure to be oodles of fun!
Hagumi: Aa-chan!
Arisa: Wh-what?!
Hagumi: I'll take responsibility for warming up this dinosaur egg! Umm, where's my wallet...?
Kokoro: I wonder if triceratops like to run? Mmm~! Things are getting fun-tastic!
Hagumi: Yeah! Aa-chan, see you later!
Arisa: Ah, h-hey, wait!
Arisa: There they go~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Good morning, Misaki, Kanon, Hagumi, Kaoru!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, you said we're having an emergency Hello, Happy World! meeting, right...? What's the matter?
Kokoro: Actually, we're getting a new member!
Kanon: ... What?!
Misaki: Hey, why are we suddenly getting a new member? The two of us didn't hear anything about this!
Kokoro: That's because it was decided yesterday.
Kanon: Yesterday? ... What happened after we went to the museum...?
Misaki: More importantly, Hagumi and Kaoru-san, are you both okay with this? There's going to be another person in the band!
Kokoro: Oh my, our new member isn't a person.
Misaki: Not a person...? Is it a bear?! Are there going to be two bears in the band?!
Hagumi: Our new member isn't a bear or a person. It's an egg!
Misaki: An... egg...?
Kanon: Fue~, that confuses me even more...
Hagumi: Umm, here is our newest member. Ta-dah!
Misaki: ... It's an egg.
Kanon: It... really is... It's about the size of an ostrich egg... Huh? Didn't we see this pattern at the museum yesterday~...?
Hagumi: That's right. It's a triceratops egg!
Hagumi: So, um, I'm going to be with this egg the whole time to make it hatch, so I asked to add it as a member of Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: Hatch? You mean that triceratops egg?
Kanon: It's not a real dinosaur egg, right...?
Kaoru: Fufu... The two of you look quite apprehensive.
Kaoru: You both are concerned about welcoming the egg into the band without confirming its wishes, correct? Ahh, how kind-hearted...
Kaoru: But fret not. Once the egg hatches, we shall once again check to see if they would like to join our band... That would suffice, would it not?
Misaki: No, it wouldn't.
Kanon: Wh-what do we do, Misaki-chan...?
Misaki: Hm... Well, these three saying something odd isn't anything new, so should we just see how things go?
Misaki: Since they're this determined, there's a high chance we won't be able to get through to them...
Hagumi: Ehehe. I can't wait to meet the baby dinosaur~!
