event161-07 Ending: Beyond the Trip

Afterglow finally makes it to the concert venue. How will their first band trip turn out...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After The Concert]

[Live House]

Himari: Ah~! That was super fun~!
Tsugumi: Performing in the middle of the audience really worked out! You could tell from everyone's smiles that they were enjoying our concert!
Tomoe: Totally! And did you hear what the other band said when they were emceeing?
Moca: Yep~. "Afterglow's concert blew our mind... We never imagined we would get to witness a legend..."
Tomoe: That's not even close to what they said...
Himari: Ahaha, but they did praise our show.
Tsugumi: They weren't at all like what I expected based on the invitation we received...
Tomoe: Well, they did say they thought we'd be more likely to accept a more aggressive challenge...
Ran: They must've thought we'd be the seriously rebellious type...
Marina: Great job out there, girls! You all look satisfied with the way the concert went!
Marina: I'm sure you want to soak it all in, but do you mind packing up first? And try not to forget anything this time!
All: Sure~! Okay!
Himari: Let's start by loading our instruments!
Tsugumi: Agreed!
(Black cut)
Moca: Sigh~. And so, our crazy day is about to draw to a close~. I'm kind of going to miss how hectic it's been~.
Ran: Not me, and not even slightly.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... It really has been something...
Himari: Now that I think about it, it feels like we managed to mess up just about everything we possibly could've.
Tsugumi: Hmm~... I think you're right!
Moca: I say we did a perfect job messing up~.
Himari: For sure. We need to be more careful next time.
Tsugumi: I'll try to come up with a list of things we'll need for when we travel! It might also come in handy for our usual performances.
Himari: Nice! You're always so full of good ideas!
Tsugumi: Now let's make sure we're not forgetting anything...
Marina & Tomoe: ...
Marina: Just look at the way their faces are glowing.
Tomoe: It's all 'cause we managed to have a good time performing despite it all.
Tomoe: We owe you big time for everything today, Marina-san.
Tomoe: And I know it was our first band trip, but I'm sorry for all the trouble...
Marina: There's no need for you to apologize. I got to have fun too.
Marina: And I know it must've felt like one crisis after the other for you girls...
Marina: But seeing the way you all tried to turn things around and have a good time brought back a lot of memories.
Marina: It reminded me of just how awesome bands can be.
Tomoe: Ahaha, it means a lot to hear you say that about us!
Tomoe: And I agree. Today also helped remind me of how awesome we are.
Tomoe: I know we won't always find the right answers, and we'll stumble along the way...
Tomoe: But it's like Himari said. It'd be great if we could be the kind of band that can smile and laugh about the things that go wrong.
Tomoe: Hey, at least we all managed to get a good laugh about today even before our concert.
Marina: Fufu, I see. Looks like this road trip has been a good experience for all of you.
Tomoe: Yeah, and a large part of it is thanks to you!
Himari: C'mon~, Tomoe~. Are you just going to stand around there and talk forever~?
Moca: Marina-san~, we need you to unlock the van~.
Marina: Coming~! Let's go, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Yeah!
Moca: Oh, great~. When we get back, summer break's going to be ending~.
Himari: I'm looking forward to the new school term~! I can't wait to see everybody in class♪
Ran: Even though you haven't finished your homework?
Himari: Uh-oh, I forgot about that part! T-Tomoe~!
Tomoe: Sorry, Himari. I haven't finished either.
Tsugumi: Fufu. It's been a while, but it looks like we'll need to get together to study.
Himari: Ugh~, why does this always happen~?
Marina: Being a student sure must be tough~.
Himari: I know it's not your problem, but this is serious stuff for me, Marina-san~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
All: Ahaha... Fufu...
(White cut)
