event161-02 Chapter 1: Rest Area

The girls hop in Marina's van and arrive at the rest area...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day Of The Band Trip]

[Marina's Van - Inside]

Himari: Look, Tomoe, look! Over there! You can see Mt. Fuji off in the distance!
Tomoe: Whoa, now that's a sight~! It being so clear makes it feel like we're off to a good start!
Moca: Munching on chocolate snacks is an even better experience when you get to look at Mt. Fuji~. Here, have one, Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: Hey! This is the same snack me and Ako are into right now~!
Tomoe: Was just wishing I could have some! We're off to a good start alright! Our concert's gonna go great for sure!
Tsugumi: You seem more energetic than usual, Tomoe-chan.
Ran: Yeah, chill...
Tomoe: Huh? I don't think I'm acting any different. You're the one who's being low-key, don't you think, Ran?
Tomoe: This is our first band trip, for crying out loud!
Ran: I'm being the same as always...
Marina: Fufu, first band trip, huh? Brings back memories of my first trip back during my band days.
Tsugumi: By the way, thank you very much for driving us, Marina-san. We really appreciate the help.
Himari: This van's so huge too! It fits all of us and our stuff!
Marina: Anytime. It's been a while since I've had this many people on it though.
Marina: Ah, I just had an idea! Since we've come all the way out here, I wanna take you girls to a special place~.
Himari: What kind of a place do you have in mind?
Marina: Let's just say it's a bit of a famous spot among bands...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rest Area]

Marina: We're here.
Himari: Wow~! It's huge~!
Ran: This is the famous spot...?
Marina: Fufu, that rest space over there is what makes this place special.
Tomoe: Rest space, huh...? Hmm...? It's like a tatami room.
Marina: This is one of the few places where you can lie down and sleep, and it's the reason why this rest area is so famous among traveling bands!
Marina: In fact, it's so famous that it's not unheard of to bump into people you know during a trip! I used to come here a lot back in the day~.
Himari: Being given knowledge from a band that came before us... That so makes this feel like a real band trip...!
Tomoe: Yeah! I'm getting real stoked!
Marina: Fufu, I'm glad you like it.
Marina: Anyhow, why don't we take a short break? After all, if you wanna perform your best, you need to enjoy the journey... Or something like that!
Himari: Gladly! We know how to have a good time!
(Black cut)
Moca: I know what you said, but it's so hard to decide what stores to check out. There are just so many to choose from~.
Himari: Yeah~. And since we're practically broke, we need to be really picky... Oh no!
Tomoe: What are you freaking out for, Himari?
Himari: I forgot my wallet~! What am I gonna do?
Tomoe: Seriously...?! Sheesh... I guess I can lend you a tiny bit of money.
Himari: T-Tomoe~! I so owe you one~!
Tomoe: There, there. I get it, so stop crying, alright?
Tomoe: But how could you forget your wallet? I know this is our first band trip and all, but don't you think you think you're letting the excitement get to you too much?
Himari: Um, well, you're not wrong, but...
Himari: I'm not the only one. So are you.
Tomoe: Huh...? N-no, I'm not.
Tsugumi: It did look like you freaked out earlier after ordering too much ramen...
Moca: And why are you already trying to get souvenirs, Tomo-chin? Our journey's only begun, you know?
Tomoe: Huh? I just, kinda, felt like it...!
Himari: Are you sure you're not acting weird from all the excitement, Tomoe...?
Tsugumi: You sometimes do act like this. For example, whenever there's a festival...
Moca: Ohhh~, one of those uncool Tomo-chin moments~.
Tomoe: Who are you calling uncool?!
Tomoe: And what's wrong with a little excitement? We've got a big show coming up, so it's only natural.
Moca: Hmm~, but are you really sure you want that weird-looking flag as a souvenir?
Tomoe: Weird? I think it looks awesome. If I hang it up in my...
Tomoe: Scratch that thought... Now that I look at it, it's a total waste...!
Tomoe: Why the heck did I even want it in the first place?!
Himari: You're not thinking straight because you're so excited...!
Tsugumi: A-are you sure you're okay, Tomoe-chan...?
Moca: I say you could use a few strict words to bring you back to earth~. So, take it away~, Ran~... Uh, Ran?
Moca: Tsugu, any idea where Ran went off to~?
(Black cut)
