event161-06 Chapter 5: Marina's Words

Himari is feeling down because of how everything has been going wrong. But something happens after she hears Marina's story...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Marina's Van - Inside]

Himari: Sigh, I'm back~...
Marina: Just you? Where's everyone else?
Himari: They're still at the convenience store. Thanks for giving us time for a breather...
Marina: Don't worry about it. Given how many things have gone wrong, I'm sure you all need time to switch gears before going to the live house.
Himari: I can't believe we all brought different outfits... Sigh. We're in such big trouble...
Marina: Ahaha, you definitely don't see trouble like this every day.
Himari: Marina-san~, it's not funny at all~...!
Marina: Oops, sorry! It's just that this trip's brought back a lot of memories.
Himari: Memories?
Marina: You know everything you girls have been going through today? Like forgetting your wallet and getting carsick...
Marina: They're all things I've been through during my band-tripping days.
Himari: ... Wait, all of them?
Marina: Yup, every single one! I even forgot my guitar once.
Himari: Really?! That's like the worst thing you could forget~!
Marina: I've practically lost count of all the trouble I've experienced. And I freaked out and panicked each and every time~.
Himari: That kind of sounds like us right now...
Marina: It does. The thing is, I feel like it was all meaningful trouble. And they've become great memories too.
Himari: Great memories...? Accidents?
Marina: Whenever something went wrong, we put our heads together as a band and tried to figure out a solution...
Marina: Of course, there were times when there were no solutions, but the fact that we worked together turned them into good memories.
Marina: And if you ask me, messing up isn't all that bad.
Marina: It's proof that you're challenging yourselves.
Himari: Challenging... ourselves...
Himari: I think I get what you're saying. It's been a rough day, but that's because we're trying something new by going on this band trip.
Marina: ... Mm-hmm. And I'm sure you'll all be able to make everything that's happened have meaning.
(Black cut)
Tomoe: We're back~.
Ran: Sigh, what are we gonna do about the outfits...? We've all got different ones...
Tsugumi: I don't even have mine...
Moca: This is supposed to be our big concert too. It's hard to get into it when things are like this~...
Himari: So? Why don't we just get up on stage with what we have?
Tomoe & Ran: Huh...?
Himari: Think about it. It's not like we've been performing to show off our get-up.
Ran: I get what you're saying, it's just...
Himari: Not having the flashiest outfits doesn't stop us from putting on an amazing show!
Himari: Just imagine how cool it'll be if we blow away the other band despite everything.
Moca: The ragtag look does have a certain charm, but~...
Ran: Sounds like you're trying too hard to put a positive spin on the situation...
Himari: Yeah, it's because that's exactly what I'm doing!
Himari: I mean, we can't do anything about everything that's happened.
Himari: But what good is being all gloomy during our concert and on the way back going to do?
Himari: I want us to be able to say we still managed to have fun.
Tomoe: ...
Himari: And wouldn't it be great to be able to look back at what a total mess today was and still be able to smile and laugh about it?
Tomoe: ... I agree. We might as well have a good time.
Ran: Yeah. I like the sound of that a lot more too.
Moca: For once, you actually said something good, Hii-chan~.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Himari-chan...!
Himari: Fu, fu, fu~, you're all welcome to shower me with even more praise, you know~?
Tomoe: Hey! If we're gonna experiment anyway, why don't we do something even more wild?
Himari: Wild?
Tomoe: Like performing in the round~! It's something I've always wanted us to do!
Tsugumi: In the round? So you want us to perform in the middle of the audience instead of up on stage...?
Tomoe: Yeah! I bet we'll see things we normally wouldn't be able to!
Himari: Hmm, I'm a bit curious to see how that'll look...
Moca: ... Your bandmates have spoken~. What's it going to be, Ran~?
Ran: ... Why not? We've got nothing to lose.
Ran: And performing in the round does sound kinda fun.
Moca: Then it's decided~.
Moca: Let's do this, people~! Hey, hey...
All: Hoh~!
Himari: ... Wait! No~!
Himari: "Hey, hey" is my line! You stole my "Hey, hey" again, Moca~!
Moca: Now, now, dear Hii-chan. Things may not have gone your way, but you're supposed to try to have a good time, right~?
(White cut)
