event161-01 Opening: Our First Band Trip

Tomoe and the others decide to go on a band trip to play against another band, but an unexpected hurdle stands in their way...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Himari: Hm-hm-hmm~♪
Ran: You're looking at your phone with that grin on your face again, Himari...
Moca: And humming too... I have deduced that someone's in a really good mood~.
Himari: Ehehe... I can't help it. We've gotten even more invitations to perform against other bands.
Tsugumi: It's been like this ever since Tomoe-chan's magazine interview, hasn't it?
Tomoe: I never expected it to blow up like this. Guess it's a pretty big deal to have your own thoughts printed in a magazine.
Ran: Well, a lot of girl bands have been talking about it for sure.
Moca: That declaration of war is something that's definitely going down in band history as a major event~.
Tomoe: C-cut it out, you're embarrassing me~.
Himari: ... Hmm? What kind of an invitation is this supposed to be?
Tomoe: ...? What's up, Himari?
Himari: Take a look at this message... It's an invitation to compete, alright, but...
Tomoe: Lemme see... "Afterglow, we challenge you."
Moca: "If that declaration isn't just empty words, why not prove it to us?"
Tsugumi: "Let's duke it out to see whose music is more awesome."
Tsugumi: Th-this is pretty aggressive for an invitation...
Ran: And there's more too... "You're welcome to back down if you don't have what it takes."
Tomoe & Ran: ...
Tomoe: So, they wanna pick a fight with us, huh? Seems they think pretty highly of themselves.
Ran: They're asking for it, alright. And I see no reason not to give it to them. Let's show them we're not just all talk.
Tsugumi: Y-you're both looking a little scary there...
Moca: Oopsie, looks like Tomo-chin and Ran are on fire now...
Himari: I can't say I blame them. After being challenged like that, I don't want to lose to them either.
Himari: Alright~! I say we accept!
Tomoe & Ran: Yeah~!
Himari: Time to send them a reply~...
Tsugumi: ... Ah, wait. We should check where the live house they've listed is first.
Himari: Uh, what...?
Tomoe: You've gotta be kidding me. The event's taking place at a live house that's nowhere near around here.
Ran: Yeah. It'll take about two-and-a-half hours by train to even get to the venue.
Himari: Wh-what are we gonna do now...?
Tomoe: That's a tough one... If we've gotta travel, it's not gonna be cheap~...
Ran: I hate to back down after being challenged like that, but things are a bit tight this month...
Tsugumi: All of you did say you don't have much allowance left...
Moca: Funds running low towards the end of summer break is inevitable~...
Himari: Um, actually, I wasn't asking if we should accept or not...
Himari: I kinda already sent them a reply... So, it was more of an "Oh no~."
Moca & Ran: What...?
Tomoe & Tsugumi: Seriously~?!
Himari: Wh-what should we do? Should I just tell them we can't do it?
Ran: No way! That's just pathetic!
Tomoe: Yeah, especially if it's 'cause we're broke... We couldn't come up with a lamer excuse if we tried!
Moca: The other band's going to make fun of us for sure~.
Tsugumi: Hmm~... But what should we do then...?
Marina: ... Everything okay there?
Himari: Ah, Marina-san...
Marina: Sorry for intruding. I couldn't help it because it seems like you girls are in trouble.
Tomoe: Well, the reason for that is...
(Black cut)
Marina: ... I see. So you need to travel for this concert, but you're out of money, huh?
Moca: Sigh~. If only I had resisted the sweet temptation yesterday to splurge on manga~.
Himari: Ugh, I can't believe I didn't check the location first~!
Marina: ... Where's the live house for this event anyway?
Tsugumi: Um, all the way here...
Marina: Let's see... Oh!
Marina: What a coincidence! I might be able to help!
Ran: Really...? What do you mean?
Marina: It just so happens that I've been planning on checking out that live house.
Marina: In that case~... Hmm~... I know! If you don't mind if I go there for work, I can drive you there... What do you think?
Himari: You'd do that?!
Moca: O' great goddess, Marina, blessed be thy name, thou art truly our savior~.
Marina: Easy there with the gratitude. It's not that big of a deal~.
Marina: Anyway, mind if I tell you the specifics later?
Tomoe: Yeah, no problem at all!
Himari: Thank you so much, Marina-san~...!
(White cut)
