event56-06 Chapter 5: The Mastermind

The girls reunite, no worse for wear. But what will happen when they move onto the next puzzle...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hotel Corridor]

Eve: Oh! Aya-san and Hina-san are over there! Aya-san~! Hina-san~!
Aya: Ah, Eve-chan! Chisato-chan and Maya-chan, too! Oh~, I'm so glad all of you made it out safely~!
Chisato: Fufu. Aya-chan, aren't you being a little overdramatic? We're shooting a show right now, of course they wouldn't put us in danger.
Hina: Oh, Maya-chan! Looks like you're holding some golden jack-o'-lanterns!
Maya: Yes! We were able to obtain two of them!
Aya: We got two as well! So now, altogether we have four! That means we're finally on our last one!
Eve: Were you two waiting for us here?
Aya: Well, there's a little more to it than just waiting... Here, take a look at this door.
Chisato: "Maidens, wailing in distress, imprisoned within an old fortress.  All five must gather at this place, beyond the door the challenge you shall face." So all of us had to be here to get through.
Eve: So this is it! We've come to the last room. As Aya-san mentioned, this must be the last trial we need to overcome!
Hina: If we want to know for sure, why don't we just ask Maya-chan? So, which is it, Maya-chan? Last one or not?
Maya: Huh? H-Hina-san? Wh-why would I know something like that...?
Hina: What? But you're the mastermind behind all this, right? Surely you would know if it's the last or not.
Maya: ... Ngh?!  Wh-what are you talking about?!
Chisato: Hina-chan... Even if you've figured it out, you can't say that out loud. We're filming a TV program here, remember?
Hina: C'mon~, who cares about that~? The producers can just edit the scene out if they don't like it~!
Aya: H-hold on a second! What do you mean Maya-chan's behind all of this? Eve-chan, are you following?
Eve: No, I'm not really sure what's going on, either.
Maya: ... Ohhh. I'm so sorry, everyone! Actually, what happened was...
(Black cut)
Maya: ... So I'm the one who has been placing the message cards and putting the golden jack-o'-lanterns in different places...
Maya: I-I am terribly sorry! The staff members asked me to help!
Chisato: When we were on the deserted island, Maya-chan easily completed all those missions. I'm sure the staff decided to have Maya-chan cooperate so she doesn't beat them to the punch.
Hina: I already knew something was fishy during our first trial. I mean, it was such an easy puzzle that there was no way Maya-chan wouldn't have gotten it.
Aya: What?! You mean you knew from that early on?!!  You should have told me~!
Chisato: Thinking back on when the lights went out that first time, Maya-chan, it was you who told us not to move, wasn't it?
Maya: Well, carelessly moving around in the dark can be dangerous. The staff warned me about it too...
Maya: Although, I was also told not to facilitate or give hints in any shape or form... I accidentally did since I wanted to help everyone out...
Eve: So that's what happened. I see now! Maya-san, thank you so much for casually dropping hints here and there!
Chisato: ... I wonder how casual those hints actually were...
Maya: Everyone, again,  I'm so extremely, terribly sorry!
Aya: Y-you don't have to apologize so much! We know there are a lot of things to consider. Plus, I'm sure it must have been tough for you, right?
Maya: The roughest part was when Chisato-san had figured it out. I was so terrified that I thought my heart  was going to jump out of my chest!
Chisato: You might want to work on your acting skills a bit more, Maya-chan ♪
Maya: Ah, haha... It's become crystal clear that I am not meant to be an actor...
Hina: Ahaha! ... Anyway, back to my point! So, Maya-chan, is our final challenge beyond this door?
Maya: Actually, I only know what's supposed to happen up until meeting all of you here. From here on out, I'm on the same page as all of you.
Hina: Is that right? So this is where we all gotta buckle down and take the bull by the horns!
Aya: Alright, girls~! Let's work together and solve this last mystery!
All: Yeah~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Final Room]

Aya: So this is the final room, huh? I wonder what's in store for us here...
Chisato: I see a giant grandfather clock and a fireplace. But nothing really out of the ordinary or worth mentioning...
Maya: Oh! There's a golden door over there! Looks like there are five openings in it!
Hina: If we place the five golden jack-o'-lanterns there, the door will probably open, no?
Eve: I see! Just as clever as always, Hina-san!
Aya: Ah, look here! There's a message card on the floor right in the middle of the room!
Hina: Oh, that's our Aya-chan alright! Using her special powers to locate the mysterious message card!
Aya: Hopefully I'm not just finding things this time. I'm gonna try to help solve the puzzle!
Aya: So let's see what it says... "Jack-o'-lanterns, there are plenty. But which one's real, out of so many?"
Chisato: "Which one's real out of so many"...? What is that supposed to mean...?
Maya: ... Uh? Do you guys hear something? It sounds like the floor is shaking...
Eve: I hear it, too!! I-I think it's coming from the fireplace!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Wh-what's all this?!
Maya: A whole lot of pumpkins are dropping out of the fireplace!!
Chisato: This number is ridiculous... And it looks like they just keep on coming...
Hina: Ahaha! Suddenly we're swimming in a room full of pumpkins~!
Aya: Could it be that... we have to find the golden jack-o'-lantern in this sea of pumpkins?!
