event56-04 Chapter 3: Team Eve, Chisato & Maya

As they reach the third room, Eve, Chisato, and Maya receive their next puzzle. What could it be...?

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Meanwhile...]

[Room Number 3]

Eve: Chisato-san! Maya-san! Let's start solving this puzzle so we can join up with Aya-san and Hina-san!
Maya: I wonder what mysteries await us in this room... I guess we should find out by looking for a message card!
Chisato: Do you think it could be this right here? There's a card lying on the table like nothing out of the ordinary.
Eve: Oh! But it has the same design as the one that Aya-san found earlier! This must be the message card, no doubt about it!
Chisato: Okay, I'll read it out loud, then.  It says...
Chisato: "When nighttime falls, silence calls." ... That's all that's written on here.
Eve: "When nighttime falls, silence calls"...? What on earth is that supposed to mean? There's still quite a while before night is upon us-
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve & Chisato: Kya!!
Eve: The lights went out again!
Chisato: ... Do the staff not have any better ideas  than just turning off the lights all the time...?
Maya: Ch-Chisato-san! Eve-san! Keep calm, okay? It's pitch black in here, so don't move around too much!
Chisato: Thank you, Maya-chan. It's very reassuring to have someone who can stay calm at all times.
Maya: N-no, I-I'm just being me...
Eve: Our eyes should be slowly adjusting to the darkness. I'm starting to see your faces a little!
Maya: Looking carefully, you can see the light seeping through the cracks of the doorway.
Chisato: Yeah, but we're still stuck in this predicament, aren't we...? Unless this darkness has something to do with the riddle.
Maya: What did the message say, again? "When nighttime falls, silence calls"... right? Well, I suppose it does feel like nighttime right now...
Chisato: When nighttime falls... ...?! I get it now, that must be it!
Eve: Chisato-san...? And what would the 'that' be referring to?
Chisato: What Maya-chan said just now sparked an idea in me! The card read, "When nighttime falls." Perhaps this darkness signifies nighttime.
Maya: O-oh! I see! That did not occur to me at all!
Eve: So the next part, "silence calls" would mean...?
Chisato: Well, we won't know unless we try, but maybe it means we should stay quiet.
Eve: Staying quiet...? Okay! Let's give it a shot!
Maya: Yes, we should! Who knows, maybe we'll catch something we didn't notice before! Well, here we go. One... two...!
(Black cut)
Chisato, Eve & Maya: ...
Eve: ... H-have you noticed any changes?
Maya: Nope... Not particularly...
Chisato: ... What's that? Perhaps it's my imagination... But do you two hear something?
Eve: I hear it, too! ... Ah, sorry... Yes, I hear it, too...
Maya: Doesn't it... sound like a music box...?
Chisato: Yeah, it does... It's so faint that you wouldn't even notice it unless you were being quiet...
Maya: In other words, there's a music box somewhere in this room.
Chisato: Maybe... "when nighttime falls, silence calls" actually means that we need to silence the music box?
Maya: Ooh, I see! Brilliant logic, Chisato-san! Absolutely marvelous!
Chisato: Maya-chan, we don't actually know if that's the answer to the riddle.
Maya: Ahh...! Y-you're right... I may have jumped to conclusions but... your logic just makes so much sense.
Chisato: ...
Eve: So we have to find this music box, right? I think I hear the sound coming from the far end of the room!
Chisato: Let's go over there, then!
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Eve: Chisato-san! Maya-san! The music box is over here! I think if we just close the lid, the music will stop!
Chisato: Eve-chan, can you try closing it, then?
Eve: Okay! Here I go, then... Ready, set...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Phew! We have light again!
Chisato: Whoa, it's bright... Going from pitch black to bright lights is not good for our eyes...
Maya: Y-you can say that again...
Eve: Oh, look! Next to your feet, Maya-san!  A golden jack-o'-lantern has suddenly appeared!
Maya: Oooh, you're right! Wh-when did this get here?!
Eve: It definitely was not there when we entered the room... Gasp! Could it be... the work of a ninja?!
Chisato: I sincerely doubt that a ninja would appear here, in a western-style castle like this, Eve-chan.
Chisato: (I have to admit, though, it is rather strange that the golden jack-o'-lantern just appeared out of nowhere. And I certainly didn't see any trap doors or anything like that...）
Chisato: (Could it be...?)
Maya: Chisato-san...? Is something the matter?
Chisato: No, I was just thinking about something. But it's nothing...
Maya: Are you sure? Wh-what were you thinking about?
Chisato: For now, it's nothing. I might just be overthinking anyway. In any case, looks like we solved the riddle. Let's move to the next room.
Eve: Yes! We have to reunite with Aya-san and Hina-san as soon as possible!
