event56-01 Opening: Pastel＊Palettes Halloween Show

Pastel＊Palettes has been asked to serve as reporters for a Halloween special.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Banquet Hall]

Aya: Wow! Look! The ceiling is so high! It may be for work, but it's so exciting to be here at a grand hotel like this.
Maya: Check out  the stone walls and the majestic dining set... I heard that the hotel was fashioned after a European castle, but this is much more than I expected.
Hina: Yeah, but isn't this place a little too big? It's gonna be such a pain to showcase.
Aya: Don't say things like that, Hina-chan! It's not every day we get asked to do a Halloween special to promote a place like this! We have to bring our A game!
Aya: When I told my mom that I was doing this assignment, she was so thrilled~! I absolutely can't let her down!
Chisato: A lot of effort must have gone into planning this program. Just look at how characteristically Halloween these outfits are.
Eve: Chisato-san, you look very lovely! You're perfect for being a witch!
Chisato: Eve-chan... I'm not sure I should take that as a compliment...
Hina: Hmm, so Maya-chan is a black cat, right? Eve-chan is a vampire. I guess I'm a little devil girl? And, last but not least, Aya-chan is a pumpkin!
Aya: H-Hina-chan, don't call me a pumpkin! There's actually another term for this, right? What was it again? Jack... jack...
Maya: It's jack-o'-lantern.
Aya: Yeah, that! See, if you say jack-o'-lantern, it sounds much better!
Chisato: Fufu, from the costumes to the hotel decorations... It really feels like the full Halloween experience... Doesn't it?
Maya: You're right... The attention to detail for this assignment is astounding. Even the lamps on the walls are all jack-o'-lanterns.
Aya: As long as we showcase all the fine details,  I'm sure we'll prove to be eggcellent reporters!
Aya: ...!
Hina: Ahaha, that's our Aya-chan! Just that hiccup alone will discredit us as "eggcellent" reporters~.
Aya: Ohhh~...
Eve: Anyway, I know we were told to wait here, but the staff members sure are taking a long time...
Chisato: Now that you mention it, it has been a while. There's no sign of any hotel staff, either...
Aya: I wonder if something happened.  Should we try giving them a call? ... Ah, but my phone... I don't have it with me!
Chisato: Well, we were told not to bring our phones since they might ring and interrupt the filming.
Eve: I shall go outside to take a look!
Eve: ... Huh? What's this?
Aya: What's wrong, Eve-chan?
Eve: The door we came in through... It's locked!
Aya: Huh? What do you mean it's locked?! You're kidding me! What's going on?!
Aya: Y-you don't think... we're trapped in here, do you?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya, Eve & Chisato: Ahhh!
Chisato: I-is this a power failure?!
Hina: What is going on here? Ahaha. This is eerily kinda exciting!
Maya: E-everybody, stay put! We don't want anyone getting hurt!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Phew, the power came back on! What a relief~! I-is everyone all right?!
Eve: I-I... I'm okay over here!
Chisato: Y-yeah... I'm fine, too.
Hina: Ahaha! I see now... So that's how it's gonna be!
Aya: ... What do you mean? Hmm, Hina-chan? What's going on?
Chisato: I think I understand the situation, too.
Aya: Huh? What are you guys talking about? ... What's this? There's something on the table!
Hina: Oh, you're right. This is... some sort of message card?
Maya: This card was not here earlier... I don't think?!
Aya: Yeah, it definitely wasn't! Let's see...
Aya: "Maidens, wailing in distress, imprisoned within an old fortress.  If our trials you overcome, and collect five golden jack-o-lanterns in sum, the path which was once concealed, shall surely be revealed."
Aya: That's what it says.
Eve: "If our trials you overcome"...? "The path... shall surely be revealed"?
Chisato: In other words... Our mission is to escape this place.
Aya & Eve: E-escape?!
Maya: I-I see...!  So that's it...!
Hina: Oh~! What an exciting turn of events! Now we're boppin'♪
Chisato: So, the feature assignment was all just a front.  This was the intended main event all along.
Eve: Oh, so when the staff told us we couldn't bring our cell phones or our belongings ...
Chisato: Yes, I'm sure that was all part of their plan.
Aya: Oh, okay... I guess we're really not showcasing this hotel then... Sigh... How am I going to explain this to my mom...?
Hina: Ahahaha♪ We have to escape this place first... before you worry about that!
Chisato: Oh? Look, there's more written at the bottom. ... "If the solution proves too hard to render, scream ‘I give up!’, in surrender."
Aya: W-well, now that we know what's going on, there's no way we're giving up! Everyone, let's do our best to escape this place!
All: Yeah~!
