event56-05 Chapter 4: Hey, Maya-chan

Eve, Chisato, and Maya move onto the fourth room, and Chisato finally realizes what exactly has been bothering her...!

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Room Number 4]

Chisato: Here we are in the next room... It's much bigger than the others.
Maya: There are all sorts of activities on the tables! There's chess and roulette...
Eve: And we have darts on the wall here! And playing cards decorating the wall over there!
Chisato: It seems like we have entered an amusement room of sorts.
Eve: Chisato-san! Maya-san! Look! There's another card on the table in the middle of the room!
Chisato: Oh, you're right. I'm sure that's where we'll find our puzzle. Let's go take a look!
(Black cut)
Eve: It has the same design as the ones from earlier! I am going to read it out loud!
Eve: Let's see... "Jack with all the sweets just hates to share. Jack without sweets cries as it's unfair."
Maya: Wh-what is that supposed to mean...? Did you figure it out, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I don't really know yet, but I am curious as to why "Jack" is mentioned twice.
Maya: That certainly is true. There's Jack with all the sweets, and Jack without sweets... But what could "Jack" possibly be indicating...?
Eve: Could it be talking about... jack-o'-lanterns? That must be it! It's the "jack" in jack-o'-lantern!
Maya: Whoa! I did not catch that at all!
Chisato: (Maya-chan didn't catch that? It's so obvious, there's no way she would've missed it.)
Eve: ... Aha! I think I might know the answer to the riddle! Somewhere in this room, there's a jack-o'-lantern with all the sweets...
Eve: Perhaps we just need to find the sweets and  divide them between the two jack-o'-lanterns?
Maya: I-I see what you're getting at! Considering the riddle, that logic does make sense! Outstanding job, Eve-san!
Chisato: Hold on, Maya-chan. Can I ask you something?
Maya: Y-yes?
Chisato: You've just been going along with our suggestions the whole time. I want to hear what you think.
Maya: Wh-what I think? L-like I said, I'm not good at puzzles like these. My head is all topsy-turvy just trying to keep up with you two.
Chisato: Is that so? Considering how helpful you were on the deserted island, I would think you'd be great at this...
Maya: Th-that's because... well... y-you just overestimate me, Chisato-san! I'm definitely not suited to solve these kinds of puzzles!
Chisato: Fufu, I see... I guess you must have it hard too, Maya-chan.
Maya: ...?!
Maya: A-anyway, following Eve-san's logic, there should be jack-o'-lanterns in here somewhere, right?!
Eve: Yes! There should definitely be  a jack-o'-lantern with all the sweets, and a jack-o'-lantern without any!
Maya: W-well, what are we waiting for? Let's try to find them!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Eve: It looks like we were only able to find this one jack-o'-lantern... Perhaps my logic was flawed after all...?
Maya: Hmm? I-it looks like the jack-o'-lantern's mouth can be opened! Let's try opening it and see! ... Ngh!
Eve: Wow! There are candies inside! Counting them... there are five in total!
Chisato: This must be the jack-o'-lantern that's hogging all the sweets.
Maya: "Jack with all the sweets just hates to share. Jack without sweets cries as it's unfair." Since there are five candies and this one has all of them, could it mean there are four without any?
Eve: Four, you say? But we've searched everywhere in this room and didn't find any other jack-o'-lanterns.
Eve: What do you think, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I think that since Maya-chan went so far as to bring it up, the number four is crucial to helping us solve this. Am I right?
Maya: ...?!  Ch-Chisato-san... Wh-what is that supposed to mean?
Chisato: Fufu, it doesn't mean anything really. I was just thinking that  whenever you've mentioned something, it has always helped us to solve the riddles.
Eve: Now that you mention it, that's true! We only figured out that darkness means nighttime because of what Maya-san said!
Maya: Th-that was just a coincidence!
Chisato: Your "coincidences" sure have helped us out, a lot.
Maya: Chisato-san... What are you hinting at...?
Chisato: Fufufu, I wonder... Anyway, we better start looking for these four Jacks. Since we definitely know they're in this room.
Eve: Absolutely! Let's get to work! Hmm, if we consider all the things in this room, there's a chess set, a roulette wheel... Also, there's a dartboard and some playing cards on the wall...
Eve: Could there really be four Jacks among all the things here...?
Chisato: Four Jacks... Four...?!  That's it, Eve-chan! I've figured it out!
Eve: Huh? What part?!
Chisato: I am thinking that the answer lies in the playing cards. Four jacks, right? The 11th card in a suit is called a "jack."
Eve: You're right, that is what it's called! I get it now! I've figured it out, too!
Chisato: Let's go take a look at the playing cards displayed on the wall! Sorry, but can you help too, Maya-chan? It's probably okay to ask you to do that much, right?
Maya: Ch-Chisato-san, if there's something you want to say, you should just come right out and say it~!
Chisato: Nope, I got nothing~♪
(Black cut)
Eve: This jack of spades is the last one!
Chisato: It's really impressive that you can put candies inside the mouth of the cards. It must have been quite the task to prepare.
Eve: Here you go, Jack-san. Hope you enjoy the candy~! In you go!
Chisato: Whoa...! The dartboard just dropped,  And a golden jack-o'-lantern popped out!
Eve: Looks like we solved the riddle for this room! Chisato-san! Maya-san! We did it!
Maya: Y-yeah, w-we did... Ahah, hahaha...
Eve: What's the matter, Maya-san? You look befuddled. You should be more thrilled!
Chisato: Fufufu. Shall we move on to the next room? Maya-chan, would you care to lead the way?
