event213-07 Ending: The Flower Blossoms Anew

Misaki is taken aback by Arisa's words. What will her small step forward be?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Gymnasium - Offstage]

Misaki: W-w-w-wait a minute! You said something strange just now, didn't you?
Misaki: You said as long... as I'm with you... What's that supposed to mean?
Arisa: You might not be aware of it, but I think you have the makings of a great student council member.
Misaki: No, no, no, what are you talking about...? There's no way that's true!
Misaki: I'm incredibly average. I'm not the kind of person who can lead others!
Arisa: I'm the same way. That's okay for Hanasakigawa's student council! It's like you just said.
(White cut)
Misaki: Oh, I'm good. This is fun. Besides, I'm more cut out for this stuff anyway.
Misaki: I guess you could say that I'd rather help the performers shine on stage than be up there myself.
Misaki: That's what I like to do, anyway.
(White cut)
Arisa: You said exactly the same thing Rinko-senpai said.
Misaki: W-well...
Arisa: If people like Kasumi or Tsurumaki-san ran the show, the student council might do things completely differently from how they have until now.
Arisa: I began to think that maybe a student council like that might work...
Arisa: But on second thought... I like the way Hanasakigawa's student council is now.
Arisa: It's a council that's about making school a place where each student is the star...
Rinko: Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: So that's why...
Misaki: ...
Arisa: Okusawa-san! I want you to join the student council with me!
Arisa: If you do, then I think we can create that kind of student council!
Misaki: ...
Misaki: Sigh~...
Misaki: Well, when you say it like that, it makes me want to help...
Arisa: I know. I want to work with you because you're that kind of person.
Misaki: And just a few minutes ago, I agreed... to give you a push if you got too scared to take your small step forward.
Misaki: Continuing student council in the next school year is your small step, right?
Arisa: Well, the elections will decide if I can continue, but I hope I can.
Misaki: Sigh~... Okay, you've convinced me...
Misaki: I'll join student council.
Arisa: R-really?!
Misaki: I can't say no to you when you're looking so serious. And besides...
Misaki: Preparing everything together this time was kind of fun.
Misaki: I guess I'll take... that small step forward too.
Misaki: I've made a lot of people smile with Hello, Happy World!, so I think it would be nice to see how else I can apply those experiences.
Arisa: Th-thank you!
Rinko: Fufufu, this is wonderful, Ichigaya-san. Now I can leave the student council... knowing it'll be in good hands.
Misaki: I can't believe that talk in the park led to this...
Rinko: By the way... which one of you will run for student council president...?
Arisa & Misaki: I think you should, Okusawa-san... Ichigaya-san, you'll do it, right?
Arisa & Misaki: ... Huh?
Misaki: No, no, no, you should definitely go for student council president.
Arisa: I thought I'd support you as student council president...
Misaki: Why do I have to suddenly become president?
Arisa: Do you remember when we were brainstorming ideas...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: The more I think about it, the more impossible this sounds...
Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~...
Misaki: Well, grieving about it isn't going to help. If we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll come up with some good ideas.
Arisa: Wow... You really are used to handling these kinds of things~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: If you hadn't said that, I might've given up on trying to organize this concert.
Misaki: Well, this isn't what I meant when I said that...
Arisa: And when Tsurumaki-san wanted to start cheering in the park...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro, I understand why you want to cheer for Kaoru-san, but there are a lot of other students taking their college entrance exams too.
Misaki: Hello, Happy World! is supposed to make the whole world smile, but how will people feel if we only cheer for Kaoru-san? We probably shouldn't do that, right?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Even then, your first thoughts were of students other than Kaoru-san. I feel that way of thinking is the most important quality of a student council president.
Misaki: Whaaat~?! Really?!
Arisa: By the way~... Rinko-senpai, what do you think?
Rinko: I... would be happy... if either of you... became student council president...
Arisa & Misaki: Ughhh~...
Misaki: ... In that case...
Misaki: Why don't we play rock, paper, scissors to decide who'll run for president?
Arisa: Huh? Rock, paper, scissors?!
Misaki: The winner runs for president, and the loser runs for vice president!
Misaki: That's a fair way to do it, don't you think?
Arisa: I'm not so sure about deciding it that way~...
Rinko: Fufufu, I also think that would be okay... I feel like... this is the start of a new Hanasakigawa.
Arisa: I see...
Misaki: Well, are you ready?
Arisa: Yeah... Let's do it.
Arisa & Misaki: Rock, paper, scissors, go!
(White cut)
(Background change)
