event213-03 Chapter 2: Emergency Meeting!

Arisa and Misaki worry about the concert for the third-years.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~...
Arisa: ... I know what they said... but is this really happening?
Misaki: At the very least, those three are serious about it. They're already going around asking first and second-year students to help...
Misaki: Well, Kokoro wants to do something special for the graduating students... but I can't believe it's a concert...
Arisa: I never imagined I would be worrying about something like this with you.
Misaki: Well, I'm pretty used to this kind of thing. Hello, Happy World! is always like this.
Misaki: Kokoro blurts out some wild idea, and then it's up to me to make it happen.
Arisa: When you put it that way, I guess Poppin'Party is kind of the same... But I wonder if this is really doable.
Misaki: Hmm~, it isn't going to be easy~. And timing-wise, students are in the middle of taking college entrance exams.
Arisa: Some are going to think this isn't the time to be watching a concert, and we'd need to give the school a good reason to let us hold one now too.
Arisa: The more I think about it, the more impossible this sounds...
Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~...
Misaki: Well, grieving about it isn't going to help. If we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll come up with some good ideas.
Arisa: Wow... You really are used to handling these kinds of things~.
Arisa: Ah, I know. You need sweets when you think about things. I'm pretty sure there was some candy left over from before around here...
Arisa: Found it... But it's only one piece of chocolate... You can have it if you want.
Misaki: Huh? I'm good. You have it.
Arisa: No no, I'm fine.
Misaki: Then... why don't we rock, paper, scissors for it? That's the fairest way to decide, right?
Arisa: Good point. Okay, let's play for it.
Arisa & Misaki: Rock, paper, scissors, go!
Misaki: There, you win~. Eat up.
Arisa: You sure? Okay, thanks... Munch.
Arisa: You know, I think what's happening now has kind of helped me understand how Hazawa-san feels.
Misaki: Hazawa-san? Why's that?
Arisa: We've talked about being on the student council before. She told me how hard it is to keep up with all of Hina-san's ideas.
Arisa: Tsurumaki-san and Hina-san are alike in some ways, you know?
Misaki: Right~. But I get why Kokoro wants to do this. I don't think there's anything wrong with wanting to cheer on people working hard.
Misaki: The problem is how to pull it off, right?
Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~...
Rinko: H-hi...
Arisa: Ah, Rinko-senpai.
Rinko: You're busy working hard... Oh? Okusawa-san, you're here too?
Misaki: Sorry. I know I'm not on the student council.
Rinko: ...
Rinko: Did... something happen?
Arisa: You sure are sharp. Well, the thing is...
(Black cut)
Rinko: I see... A concert for... the seniors...?
Arisa: It's impossible... isn't it? Some people aren't even done with their college entrance exams yet either.
Rinko: That's true... When you think about those people... it may be difficult to bring smiles... to all the seniors with a concert.
Misaki: Thought so...
Rinko: But... it's really nice to know that... the first and second-year students are thinking of doing something like that for the seniors...
Rinko: The seniors aren't coming to school... because they don't need to, but I think some are lonely... If they had a reason to come to school, I think many would...
Rinko: If there's a way... for all the seniors to attend the concert... then I'm sure a good number of them would like to come...
Arisa: A way for everyone to attend the concert... Okay, I'll think about that more.
Arisa: Ah, by the way, did you come here for something?
Misaki: That reminds me, congratulations on passing your entrance exam! You got into Keiho Women's University, right? Ichigaya-san told me. That's really amazing~.
Rinko: About that... I'm actually thinking of taking the entrance exam for one more college...
Arisa & Misaki: What...?
Rinko: I came to school today... to talk about that with my teacher.
Misaki: But... you were accepted to Keiho Women's University, weren't you? What school is better than that...?
Rinko: I'm thinking of trying for... the Music Department in the Faculty of Arts at Yotsuba Women's University...
Misaki: Yotsuba Women's University's Faculty of Arts? That's the same place Kaoru-san is hoping to be accepted to.
Rinko: I've heard that a pianist I really admire... will be teaching piano courses there at the start of the new school year...
Rinko: I don't think... I'll ever have another chance like this... So I'm thinking of taking the entrance exams for Yotsuba...
Arisa: S-so that's your reason...
Rinko: I remember that time when I decided to run for student council president... I'm going to try taking... another small step forward...
Arisa: A small... step...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: Yes. A rather small step... unfortunately.
Rinko: Not to mention that... I'm still not certain... if it will be a misstep... or not...
Rinko: It's possible I may be taking the longest route possible as well...
Arisa: ...
Rinko: It's strange. Now... that feeling of having moved a step forward makes me happier than anything else.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: (That time...)
Rinko: Ah, I'm sorry... I've been talking for so long. It's nearly time for me to meet with my teacher...
Rinko: I'm happy I had a chance to speak with you both again...
Rinko: It really is nice being at school again. I'm glad I came... Thank you...
