event213-04 Chapter 3: Helping along the Small Steps

After what Rinko says, Arisa and Misaki are determined to make the concert work.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Misaki: Rinko-senpai really is amazing... Most people would be over the moon if they got into Keiho Women's University, you know?
Misaki: Well, it's not like I could ever go there anyway.
Arisa: I guess Rinko-senpai feels like she's still taking... that small step forward.
Arisa: I kind of understand, though. I've been able to stick with student council because she's that kind of person.
Arisa: When I think of the student council president, I still picture Rinko-senpai...
Misaki: Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: She said this to me when she first became student council president...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: Correct. While it's true that I'm bad with crowds... I am also... equally terrible at getting myself to try new things...
Rinko: Despite that, I've received... encouragement from so many people... that I continue to be motivated... to step out of my comfort zone.
Rinko: And so... with each successful attempt... I would decide to challenge myself further... To take one more step forward...
Rinko: Well... It'd be more accurate... to say that... I've come to want to take another step forward...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Then, applying for the Music Department at Yotsuba Women's University...
Arisa: Might also be a continuation of the small step forward she took when becoming student council president. She really is an incredible upperclassman...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: Despite that, I've received... encouragement from so many people... that I continue to be motivated... to step out of my comfort zone.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: If that's what she wants, then as a current member of student council, I need to support the president's new challenge.
Misaki: Fufu...
Arisa: Huh? What? Did I say something weird?
Misaki: No, it's not that. It's just that you suddenly put on your student council face.
Arisa: D-don't you start~!
Misaki: My bad, my bad. But hearing that story about Rinko-senpai made me think of something.
Misaki: It's not only Rinko-senpai. There are many people out there taking small steps forward that we don't know about.
Misaki: So... I guess we'll have to cheer them on.
Arisa: Yep.
Misaki: Then, from what Rinko-senpai said earlier, there seem to be many seniors who would like the idea of having a concert.
Arisa: If students aren't against the idea of having a concert, then all that's left is how they can actually see one...
Misaki: People are in the middle of taking exams, so many would probably rather study than go to a concert, don't you think?
Arisa: So then, we'd need a way that lets students choose to either come to the show or watch it from home, right?
Misaki: And then there's the time of the show too. Students taking exams definitely won't be able to make it.
Arisa: A concert students can see even if they don't come to school...
Misaki: A concert you can see anytime you want...
Arisa & Misaki: ...
Arisa & Misaki: ... Ah.
Arisa: I think I have an idea...
Misaki: Funny... I think I have one too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Misaki: Why don't we test the camera next, then?
Kokoro: Misaki~! Can you see me~?
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro! We're testing it, so don't move all over the place like that! The camera can't keep up with you!
Kasumi: But isn't streaming a concert from school just the coolest?! This is a really nice idea!
Arisa: I've had some experience livestreaming with Poppin'Party for the Rocking Star Festival, you see. That instantly gave me the idea to do this.
Arisa: And Okusawa-san helped me come up with a lot of other things too.
Misaki: And Hello, Happy World! did a children's show for the Hello, Happy Channel recently. I just put that experience to good use.
Misaki: We plan to archive the livestream so students can watch it whenever they want.
Kasumi: I see~. You guys really thought this through~.
Misaki: Ahahaha. We haven't been working miracles until now just for show, you know.
Arisa: This way, students who want to attend the concert can, and those who want to watch from home can watch the show when they feel like it.
Kokoro: Even first and second-year students can come too, right?
Arisa: Of course. They're more than welcome to come. The school gave us permission to do it this way.
Kasumi: So the reason we can have this concert is because we did the Rocking Star Festival and the Hello, Happy Channel!
Misaki: Everything we do builds experience.
Arisa: So, how are things coming along on your end? Were you able to find people who would help?
Kasumi: Well! With first and second-year students combined, we got, ta-da~, fifty people~! Clap clap clap~!
Arisa & Misaki: F-fifty people?!
Kasumi: Some people want to be in the show, but there were a ton of people who want to help hold it too!
Kokoro: They all said they wanted to put big happy smiles on the Hanasakigawa seniors' faces!
Arisa: N-no way... I can't believe you found that many people in such a short time.
Kokoro: Mnnn~! Everything's ready to go! I wish it was the day of the concert already!
Misaki: Oh no, that would not be good for us. We still have a million things to take care of first.
Arisa: I think things like arranging the schedule for that day are going to be pretty difficult.
Misaki: When we're done with this camera test, you and I should...
Arisa: Figure the rest out...
Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~...
