event213-02 Chapter 1: Echo throughout the Sky

As the girls worry about Kaoru's exam, what idea does Kokoro concoct...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Park]

Hagumi: I wonder if the second round of Kaoru-kun's exams has started... I'm so worried my chest feels funny.
Hagumi: Maybe she's hungry. Kaoru-kun won't be able to act well if her tummy's growling.
Misaki: You're worrying too much. Remember, yesterday she said if she does okay on the written exam in the first round, then she's as good as passed.
Kokoro: Then Kaoru will become a college student too! She's going to Happy Smile College, right?
Misaki: Not even close~. She's trying to enter the Acting Program in the Theater Department of Yotsuba Women's University's Faculty of Arts.
Misaki: And just like she said she would, she passed the first round, so the rest should be fine, right?
Misaki: She said today's second round of exams is an acting test and an interview, so...
Misaki: ... Wait, she has an interview...? Okay, now I'm worried...
Hagumi: I hope the good luck charm we gave her works~. You think it'll be strong enough~...?
Kokoro: If you're worried, then we can cheer for Kaoru right now! Sending our power from here should definitely reach her!
Hagumi: Great idea, Kokoron! Let's send as much power as we can, so it'll reach Kaoru-kun!
Misaki: Hold on now. Just how are you going to send her power from the park?
Kokoro: We're gonna yell up at the sky as loud as we can! That way, Kaoru will hear us. Because this same sky is above her too.
Hagumi: Right! I think that'll work! Okay~, let's yell from the bottom of our tummies!
Misaki: Yell? Right here, right now?!
Kasumi: Kokoron~! Hagu~! Misaki-chan~! See, I told you it was them! C'mon, Arisa, pick up those feet!
Arisa: H-hey, I said slow down... Don't just run off like that.
Kokoro: Wow! It's Kasumi and Arisa!
Kasumi: We heard your voices, so we came right over! What are you three doing? It sounds like you're having fun.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun's taking her exam right now, so we're going to cheer for her!
Kokoro: That's right! We're gonna yell into the sky as loud as we can so she can hear us cheering!
Kasumi: Nice plan! I wanna do it with you! Arisa, you do it too!
Arisa: A-are you serious...?
Misaki: (Uh-oh, Ichigaya-san is really not liking the sound of this... I had better stop them...)
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro, I understand why you want to cheer for Kaoru-san, but there are a lot of other students taking their college entrance exams too.
Misaki: Hello, Happy World! is supposed to make the whole world smile, but how will people feel if we only cheer for Kaoru-san? We probably shouldn't do that, right?
Kokoro: Maybe you're right~...
Hagumi: Then, I want to cheer for all the students taking their college entrance exams! Mii-kun's right, Hello, Happy World! wouldn't cheer only for Kaoru-kun!
Kokoro: Good thinking, Misaki! We'll cheer for all the students just like you said!
Misaki: What? That's the new plan?
Misaki: (Sorry, Ichigaya-san... I tried to stop them, but I couldn't...)
Kokoro: Alright, here we go~. Ready~?
Kasumi, Hagumi & Kokoro: Everybody taking their college entrance exams~, you can do it~!!
Misaki: Ah haha... The sky sucked your cheer right up...
Arisa: Kaoru-san's taking college entrance exams too? I didn't know that.
Misaki: It took some time for her to figure things out, but in the end, she decided to apply to Yotsuba Women's University's Theater Department.
Arisa: So she's applying to the Faculty of Arts? But that school's hard to get into since there are so many applicants...
Misaki: And the Faculty of Arts is especially popular.
Misaki: But, well, if it's Kaoru-san, things will work out. She's that kind of person, you know?
Arisa: That's for sure.
Hagumi: Hey hey, Kokoron. You think our cheer got to everyone?
Kokoro: Yeah, it definitely did! I could tell it reached everybody!
Hagumi: Yay~! That's great~!
Hagumi: On New Year's Day, I wanted to cheer for the Girls Band Party seniors taking their college entrance exams, but now I want to cheer for even more people!
Kasumi: Speaking of which, there are actually a lot of seniors who are job hunting too. I hope things go well for them after they graduate from Hanasakigawa.
Kokoro: That's it! Let's cheer on all the students graduating from Hanasakigawa!
Misaki: Uhh~, I hate to rain on your parade... but what exactly do you mean by "cheer on all the students graduating"?
Kokoro: You know how! We'll make all the Hanasakigawa seniors smile by playing a concert for them!
Arisa: Wait, what...? Why play a concert?
Kokoro: Because a concert will put a smile on everyone's face! If they're smiling, then they can graduate full of smile power!
Kasumi: Nice! I like your idea, Kokoron~!
Hagumi: Me too~! Let's play a show that'll give the Hanasakigawa seniors great big smiles!
Kokoro: Then, it's decided! We better get started preparing for the concert right away!
Kasumi & Hagumi: Yay~!
Arisa & Misaki: ...
Arisa: Okusawa-san... this just got totally out of hand, didn't it?
Misaki: So... you think so too, huh?
