event213-01 Opening: Hanasakigawa in February

With many of the third-years having opted not to come, the school feels empty...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kasumi: Nmmm~, I still don't get it~. What was the difference between the special recommendation selection and the comprehensive selection admissions again?
Arisa: Like I said, special recommendation selection is admission by the recommendations a school can make based on their students' grades and academic rankings.
Rimi: And comprehensive selection, previously "AO admission," lets colleges check if you're generally a good fit for them, but not only based on your exam results. They-
Kasumi: Time out! ... You guys are using too many big words.
Arisa: Listen, you shouldn't be worrying about this. Focus on your homework.
Tae: Why don't you ask Chisato-senpai later? She should know all about that stuff since she got into college through comprehensive selection admission.
Kasumi: Ah, that's right! O-Tae, you're a genius!
Saya: And didn't Kanon-senpai get in that way? I wonder if they're here. The seniors don't have to come to school now if they don't want to, you know.
Tae: Then, I'll try messaging them!
Kasumi: Thank you sooo much~... But doesn't the school seem kinda quiet now? It's like the school lost all its hustle and bustle as soon as the seniors stopped coming.
Rimi: We're so used to seeing them all the time. Now that they're not here, school feels like a different place.
Arisa: That's just how it is. The seniors are busy now, right? Some are taking college entrance exams, and others are job hunting.
Kasumi: And next year, we'll be able to choose whether to come to school or not. I wanna come every day~. I'm sure I can study better if I'm at school too.
Arisa: That's because when you study at home, you probably stop and start playing guitar.
Kasumi: Huh? Arisa... have you been watching me?
Arisa: I can't believe I was right...
Saya: Fufufu. The seniors are busy, so they probably won't come to school unless they have a reason to.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Then, the only time we'll see them again is... at the graduation ceremony? Isn't that just awful?!
Arisa: I get it, but that's just how things are. Student council's working to make the ceremony a big success. Actually, I have to do more prep for that again after school today.
Rimi: Thank you, Arisa-chan. You've worked really hard in student council all year.
Kasumi: You really have! Before, you boycotted the entrance ceremony, but now you've become such a model student~.
Arisa: What are you, my grandma?!
Saya: By the way, are you still going to do student council when you become a senior? Members only have one-year terms, right?
Arisa: Well... I haven't decided yet.
Kasumi: Whaaat~?! I thought for sure you'd be the next student council president!
Arisa: That would never happen~! Besides, I couldn't do that job even if I wanted to!
Rimi: That's not true. I can definitely see you as student council president.
Kasumi: Me too, me too! Arisa, just go for it~! You've already got my vote!
Arisa: No, and no! I'm telling you, I could never be like Rinko-senpai~!
Tae: Well, then how about Kasumi becomes student council president, and you can be the vice president?
Arisa: Absolutely not~! And the vice president's job is insanely hard anyway. They're in charge of handling most of the paperwork.
Saya: But I can kind of see how you could be president, Kasumi. I feel like you could lead everyone.
Kasumi: Me...? Student council president...?
Kasumi: ...
Kasumi: Reeeally~? I dunno~. Could I~?
Saya: I still remember the speech you made at the closing ceremony really well.
Rimi: It was really legendary.
Kasumi: C'mon~, "legendary"? You're embarrassing me~. Don't say stuff like that♪
Arisa: You sure look happy to hear it, though... Anyway, being student council president isn't as easy as you might think it is.
Kasumi: Ah, afternoon classes are in a different room! Arisa, let's go! Later, guys~.
Arisa: (Student council president...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Hi. Huh? Oh, no one's here today...
Arisa: (I think Rinko-senpai said she had a meeting about Roselia's nationwide tour...)
Arisa: Sigh~... I guess you really do start to miss the people who aren't around anymore...
Arisa: I wonder what's going to happen to student council when the new school year starts. Especially...
Arisa: (Who'll be the next president...)
Arisa: Well, there's no point in me worrying about it, is there? Alright... I guess I'll get to work.
Misaki: Excuse me~. Ah, Ichigaya-san, I thought you might be here.
Arisa: Hrm? Okusawa-san? What's wrong?
Misaki: I still have the notebook I borrowed from you last time. It's almost time for the end-of-semester tests too. Here you go. Thanks.
Arisa: You came here just to do that? You could've given it back any time.
Arisa: It's not like I'm gonna be able to study until I finish taking care of these stacks of papers anyway.
Misaki: ... Huh? You have to do all this by yourself? You're kidding, right?
Arisa: I'm serious. The guest invitations for the graduation ceremony need to be sorted, and then the draft for the school's graduation booklet needs to be written...
Misaki: Yikes~. Student council members really do have it rough. I don't have any plans after this, so how about I lend you a hand?
Arisa: I couldn't ask you to do that.
Misaki: It's cool, really... Hrm? What are these?
Arisa: Ah, those are applications to enter the student council elections. The graduation ceremony is right around the corner, and so are the elections.
Misaki: Interesting~. So this is what an application to run for student council president looks like. I've never seen one before.
Arisa: Are you going to run?
Misaki: Nah. You are, though, right?
Arisa: No way. I haven't even decided if I'll be on the student council when the new school year begins.
Misaki: Gotcha. Well, this really is a lot of work.
Arisa: And when I think of student council president, I can only think of Rinko-senpai...
Misaki: Rinko-senpai, eh...? She didn't seem too dependable at first, but now she's really running the show as president.
Misaki: By the way, has she decided what college to go to?
Arisa: She said she got accepted to Keiho Women's University's Faculty of Letters in the first round of admissions.
Misaki: She got into Keiho?! Wow~, she really is amazing~... I guess this means she and Kanon-san will be together, then.
Misaki: You know, in just two months, we'll be seniors too. Time sure flies, doesn't it? I wonder what'll happen when we take our college entrance exams.
Misaki: The first time I met you... was at the sakura party, wasn't it? That time you were-
Arisa: Y-you really need to stop bringing that up...
Misaki: Ahahaha, my bad, my bad. So, how can I help?
Arisa: Well... Ah, would you sort this stack of papers by club activity?
Misaki: Okay. Roger, that. Oh, and at that sakura party, Kokoro was...
Arisa: (Student council... president...)
