event213-05 Chapter 4: Watching from Offstage

It has taken a lot of preparation, but the concert is finally about to begin...!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Day Of The Show]

[Gymnasium - Offstage]

Kasumi: Ohhh~, it's almost time to start the show~! How's it looking? Are any seniors coming?
Arisa: When I just looked, there were a lot of first and second-year students like we expected, but it seems a good amount of seniors came too.
Misaki: That's thanks to Kanon-san and Shirasagi-senpai telling people they know. More and more people are joining the livestream too.
Arisa: Phew~, thank goodness~. I was worried that none of the seniors would show, but they did.
Kasumi: Kokoron! Today's show has nothing to do with our bands, so let's sing our hearts out!
Kokoro: Yeah! Our songs are gonna give the seniors the best smiles ever!
Kokoro: Happy!
Kasumi: Lucky!
Kasumi & Kokoro: Popipapa! Pipopa~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Show Begins!]

Kasumi: Today, this concert is to give the Hanasakigawa seniors the most sparkling, heart-pounding...
Kokoro: Biggest, brightest smiles ever! Seniors~, are you ready to smile?!
Kasumi: Are you seniors at home watching too~?! I know you're all busy working hard, so please do your very best!
Kasumi: Okay! The special concert by the first and second-year Hanasakigawa students for the seniors...
Kokoro: Staaarts now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Gymnasium - Offstage]

Arisa: Phew~, I'm exhausted~. Kasumi and Tsurumaki-san are going all out from the first song...
Misaki: But knowing those two, they're just getting warmed up...
Arisa: Hey, you didn't want to sing? Tsurumaki-san asked you to, didn't she?
Misaki: Oh, I'm good. This is fun. Besides, I'm more cut out for this stuff anyway.
Misaki: I guess you could say that I'd rather help the performers shine on stage than be up there myself.
Misaki: That's what I like to do, anyway.
Arisa: Okusawa-san...
Misaki: Hrm? What?
Arisa: O-oh, it's nothing... Well then~... why don't we take a break until we're needed again?
Misaki: Yes, please. Sigh~, it was a lot of work putting this together~.
Arisa: If you weren't here, there's no way this concert ever would've happened.
Misaki: Hey now, that's my line. You helped with one of Kokoro's ideas... I can't thank you enough for that.
Arisa: You say that, but Kasumi was just as excited to do this too.
Arisa: Really, though, I never could've imagined our conversation in the park that day would turn into something this big.
Misaki: And there are fifty students helping. If it wasn't for those two, we couldn't have gathered and organized that many people.
Misaki: When it comes to doing those kinds of things, Kokoro and Toyama-san really have a gift. It's like they have the power to attract people to them.
Misaki: I don't have an ounce of that~.
Misaki: But this was my first time organizing a school event like this. It's been pretty fun. Ichigaya-san, thanks for everything.
Arisa: ...
Misaki: ... Hey? Are you listening?
Arisa: Huh? Sorry, I got lost in my thoughts for a sec! What did you say?
Misaki: ... Sigh~, I say something nice, and this is what happens. It was nothing.
Arisa: Ah, by the way... all of this came about because we were talking about Kaoru-san. How'd she do? Did she get accepted to Yotsuba's Theater Department?
Misaki: Right, I haven't told you yet. She~... Well~...
Arisa: ...
Arisa: Wh-what?! Don't leave me hanging!
Misaki: She passed just fine~.
Arisa: R-really?! That's great~.
Misaki: Apparently, she talked about her love for Shakespeare. She said that by the end, the interviewer was crying their eyes out.
Arisa: Are you serious?!
Misaki: Ahahaha. Well, I'm not sure if that's what really happened, but she did pass. She even showed me her acceptance letter.
Arisa: Kaoru-san really is incredible~.
Misaki: ...
Misaki: You know, the way I see it, it's not just Kaoru-san. I think all of the seniors are amazing.
Misaki: Deciding your future is an extremely scary thing to do, but the seniors have done that.
Misaki: Everyone's taking their own small steps forward.
Misaki: They're all making different decisions that will help shape their futures, you know?
Arisa: True...
Misaki: I wonder when I'm a senior if I'll be able to take a small step forward too... Hearing about Rinko-senpai made me think of that.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: Okay! When that time comes, I'll be there to make sure you do!
Misaki: Huh?
Arisa: I've been supporting Rinko-senpai for the past year as a member of the student council, so I'm used to giving people a push when they need it...
Misaki: Hahaha, I really believe that when you say it~. Your face is all red, though...
Arisa: Jeez, you're annoying~! Ah... But I have one condition...
Misaki: Huh?
Arisa: If I get too scared to take a small step... will you help nudge me forward?
Misaki: I wonder if I'll be able to~. But... okay. I shall try. I accept your terms.
Arisa & Misaki: Ahahaha...
Misaki: I wonder how things are going on stage. Why don't we sneak a peek?
Arisa: Yeah, let's have a little-
Arisa & Misaki: Huh...?!
