event213-06 Chapter 5: The Seed Carried On

What do Arisa and Misaki see when they check how things are on the stage...?

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Arisa: ... Wh-what's this...?
Misaki: There are more people... than before...
Arisa: And aren't all the people over there seniors?
Misaki: Whoa, you're right... They weren't there before, were they?
Rinko: It looks like more started... trickling in after the concert began.
Arisa & Misaki: Rinko-senpai?!
Rinko: Students who were watching at home... said they wanted to come to the concert... I think many more are on their way...
Rinko: I also... wanted to be at the concert... I just had to come...
Arisa: Then that means...
Rinko: The seniors... are very happy...
Arisa & Misaki: W-we did it~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Gymnasium - Offstage]

Rinko: Thank you very much... for today.
Rinko: I'm also... really happy to see my friends from class again after such a long time...
Arisa: Hey, you should watch the show since you came. You're missing out being back here!
Misaki: You really are. You should especially go if your friends are here.
Rinko: I definitely plan... to watch the concert after this... But before that, I just had to come thank you two...
Misaki: It would've been okay to do that even after the show was over.
Rinko: No, after the concert... I have to go straight home...
Arisa: Don't say that. You should hang around some since you've come all the way here...
Rinko: Well, tomorrow... I have a practical piano exam for the Faculty of Arts...
Arisa: What?! An exam?! Tomorrow?!
Rinko: Recently... all I've been thinking about is my tour and the piano exam for the second round of my exams... I've been pushing myself hard with piano lessons...
Rinko: But music... has to be fun... I feel like today's concert has helped me... remember something so obvious...
Rinko: Being able to see this performance the day before my exam... has made me very happy. Thank you both so much...
Misaki: Th-there's no need to thank us...
Arisa: We're the ones who'd like to thank you. I feel like we were able to pull this off because of your story about taking small steps forward.
Misaki: And I'd never helped with any school events before, so I got to learn firsthand just how amazing the student council is.
Misaki: Regular students like me have no idea how hard you all have worked... This was really eye-opening.
Misaki: You're really incredible for being able to lead everyone as student council president.
Rinko: I may have said this before... but that is only because Ichigaya-san... and all of the other council members have supported me...
Rinko: At first... I felt like I had to do better and better... so I could be a leader... for everyone.
Rinko: But... as I was trying to do that, I realized something...
Rinko: I found that it was okay... for the student council president to play... a supporting role. No, that's the role... they must play.
Misaki: Huh...? A supporting role...?
Rinko: Maybe... you're thinking the same thing... as I am, Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: ... Yes... I am...
Misaki: What do you mean?
Arisa: When I first joined the student council, I also thought being the president meant you had to be the star of the school.
Arisa: Like, since the president represents all of the students, I thought they had to lead the students the way the main characters in manga do.
Arisa: ... But after working with Rinko-senpai for a year, now I know that's not how it's supposed to be.
Arisa: The purpose of the student council is to make each student feel like they're the star at school.
Arisa: Every student is the star of their school, and student council works behind the scenes to support them.
Misaki: Student council supports the students...
Arisa: Of course, every school has its own way of thinking about it...
Arisa: But that's the kind of organization I'd like Hanasakigawa's student council to be.
Arisa: That's the way it's been, and that's the way I want it to stay...
Misaki: I see~. Every student is the star... That's certainly one way of looking at it... Hrm?
Misaki: That's the way you want it to stay? So that means... you'll continue student council when the new school year starts? Didn't you say you hadn't decided what to do yet?
Arisa: I feel like somehow I can keep going even if Rinko-senpai isn't there anymore...
Arisa: ... As long as I have you with me...
Misaki: ...
Misaki: ... What?
