event260-01 Opening: W-Wedding!?

In the shopping district, Hagumi’s surprised voice echoes. Nanami and Mashiro notice Marina――

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Street]

Nanami: Shiro-chan, thanks for coming shopping with me today~
Mashiro: No problem! I had something I wanted to buy there too. By the way, did you notice the poster in front of the store?
Nanami: Oh, you mean the poster for Kaoru-senpai's stage play? It was in such a noticeable spot, so of course I saw it~
Nanami: That theater troupe has a famous actor in it, right? It’s amazing that Kaoru-senpai is starring there.
Mashiro: Yeah... sigh...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, what's wrong? Why the sigh?
Mashiro: Well... Seeing something like that just makes me realize how incredible Kaoru-san really is...
Nanami: Hehe, yeah. Even at Tsukinomori, her fans are growing more and more lately. But why did that make you sigh?
Mashiro: Because I never realized how amazing Kaoru-san was, and I always treated them just like a normal senpai. I wonder if they thought I was being too familiar with them...
Nanami: You're overthinking it!~ Come on, how about we grab some croquettes from Hagu-senpai's place?
Mashiro: Yeah!
??? (Hagumi): Eh!? You're getting married!?
Nanami: That voice... Hagu-senpai?
Mashiro: Oh, is that... Marina-san talking with Hagumi-san?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Street – Kitazawa Butcher Shop]

Mashiro & Nanami: Hello there~
Hagumi: Oh, Mashiron and Nanamin!
Marina: What a coincidence! Are you two out shopping together?
Nanami: Yes, we are~ But more importantly...
Mashiro: Marina-san...
Mashiro & Nanami: Congratulations on your wedding!
Marina: Huh...? Oh, no, no! It’s not about me!?
Mashiro: Wait...? Is that so...?
Nanami: We heard Hagu-senpai’s voice, and saw you, Marina-san, so we just assumed...
Marina: Ahaha. Actually, there's going to be a wedding at CiRCLE soon. That’s what I was talking about with Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Isn't it amazing!?
Mashiro: A wedding at CiRCLE...? What kind of wedding is that...?
Nanami: Oh, could it be a jinzenshiki (civil-style wedding)?
Marina: Exactly! You’re pretty knowledgeable, Nanami-chan.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan... Jinzenshiki...?
Nanami: A shinzenshiki is when you make your vows before the gods, like in a shrine. But a jinzenshiki is when you make your vows before the guests, and they serve as witnesses to your marriage.
Nanami: It’s popular because you can choose your own venue and style. I read about it in a magazine recently!
Nanami: It said more couples are opting for meaningful places to hold their weddings.
Mashiro: Oh, I see...
Hagumi: Since they’re doing it at CiRCLE, are they staff members from CiRCLE or something?
Marina: Nope, it’s someone from a band that comes here a lot. I think you all know her— it’s a girl named Yuuka-chan.
Nanami: What!? Yuuka-san is getting married!?
Mashiro: Yuuka-san... Wasn’t she the one who helped us out when we were still new to performing?
Nanami: Yeah, she taught us so many things— like backstage etiquette, and tips on how to calm our nerves before going on stage.
Mashiro: Yeah, and even now, whenever we meet, she always says hi to me. The other day, she even said, 'Let’s do a live together sometime'...
Hagumi: Hello, Happy World! also often ends up performing at the same events too! She’s so kind normally, but on stage, she’s super cool!
Marina: Hehe, I heard that they met through a live at CiRCLE. That’s why she said she wanted to hold the wedding here.
Nanami: That’s such a lovely story~
Marina: It’s the first time we’re having a wedding at CiRCLE, so there are a lot of things we’re not used to. It’s pretty hectic.
Hagumi: But, Marina-san... you look happy!
Marina: Of course! It means they care about CiRCLE so much.
Marina: Plus, Yuuka-chan’s friends and bandmates are all pitching in to help out.
Hagumi: Then... can I help too? Yuuka-senpai has always been so kind to me— I want to do something for her!
Marina: Really? Thank you! I’m sure Yuuka-chan will be so happy!
Nanami: I want to help too! Shiro-chan, let’s do it together!
Mashiro: Eh...!?
Nanami: Helping with such a happy event... just thinking about it makes me feel warm inside~
Mashiro: Um... I mean, I’m really happy for Yuuka-san and I want to celebrate her wedding, but helping out with the wedding itself...
Mashiro: It seems... really difficult... And, well, I don’t know much about weddings, so I’d probably just get in the way...
Mashiro: So... I think I’ll pass.
Hagumi: Don’t worry, it’s going to be okay! Because I’ll be with you, too!
Mashiro: Eh...?
Nanami: Honestly, I don’t know much about weddings either. So, how about we learn together, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Eh...
Marina: Hehe, Yuuka-chan sure is lucky to have such wonderful juniors like you all. Alright then, when we have our next planning meeting, I’ll let everyone know you’re joining in.
Hagumi, Nanami & Mashiro: Okay! Y-yeah...!
