event62-07 Ending: Another Memorable Day

The girls smile as they recall such fond memories. What will happen this year...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Phew~... That was yummy.
Tomoe: Your mom's food is really tasty, Tsugumi-chan!
Tsugumi: You think so too? Ehehe, isn't she amazing~?
Himari: Hey, what did you guys ask Santa for?
Moca: Huh~? I'm not telling~.
Himari: Why not?
Moca: If I don't keep it a secret between me and Santa, he might give my present to someone else.
Himari: Ah...! Then I'm not telling either!
Ran: Santa comes tonight, right?
Tomoe: Why don't we stay up and wait? Then we can thank him in person!
Tsugumi: Yeah! That's a great idea!
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Himari: Is Santa here yet...?
Tomoe: Any second now. Wake up, Himari-chan...
Tsugumi: Zzz... Zzz...
Ran: Ah! Tsugumi-chan's asleep...
Moca: Zzz... Zzz...
Ran: So is Moca-chan!  ...! Everyone's sleeping except for me...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Eventually, we all fell asleep. Didn't our parents have to come pick us up?
Tomoe: They sure did. My parents were so mad~.
Ran: I was really worried after you all fell asleep. I remember thinking I had to stay awake. That way at least I could see Santa...
Moca: Ran, what a pure-hearted child~.
Himari: Hey, do you guys remember what you asked Santa for that year?
Tsugumi: I wanted a mini piano~.
Tomoe: I asked for a mini trampoline! I was really rough on it though, so it broke pretty quickly~... Haha.
Ran: I don't remember. It was too long ago...
Himari: I asked for a Sparkling Ribbon-chan costume! I remember thinking I got it because we sent out our letters together~.
Tomoe: After that, we made sure to go to the post office as a group every year.
Himari: That's right, we did! Now that I think about it, I can't really remember when we stopped.
Moca: Looking back, Ran and Tomo-chin were fighting even back then~. I guess some things never change~.
Ran: Something tells me it's never going to change either.
Tomoe: Ahaha, I get that feeling too...
Ran: Come to think of it, you're still easily distracted by food. Remember what happened in Inoshima?
Ran: Looks like you haven't changed much either.
Moca: Hehe~, you're making me blush~.
Moca: ... I got an animal-shaped card case that year~. I put all my homemade point cards in there.
Moca: I had so much fun collecting points whenever we played together. Do you remember how many of those cards I made?
Ran: Yeah, you gave me a few of them.
Moca: Right? I wanted to take those cards with me everywhere I went, so that's why I got that case.
Moca: Aw~, even as a little kid, I always valued our friendship~. How touching.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Is that really something you can say about yourself?
Himari: Hey, why don't we write letters to Santa, for old times' sake~?
Ran: No way. Talk about embarrassing.
Moca: Aww~, but weren't you the last one to stop writing letters to Santa?
Tsugumi: She sure was! You came to my house and-
Ran: I-I did not!
Himari: Again with the denial~?  Jeez~, Ran, you're so cute~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, you're the same as ever, Ran. Always the romantic...
Ran: I didn't write any stupid letter! Don't be an idiot!
Tomoe: Ahahaha! You can call me an idiot all you want~.
Tsugumi: Hey you two, Santa won't come to your house if you keep fighting.
Moca: That's right~. Now behave~.
Ran: Argh, not you too, Tsugumi!
Tsugumi: Fufu...! I'm just glad we get to celebrate Christmas together this year too...♪
