event62-01 Opening: A Day in Our Memories

Christmas approaches, and the girls reminisce about a special memory...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Ooo~, it's been really cold lately~.
Moca: Meat buns! Oden! And don't forget~... Hot pot!
Ran: What are you going on about?
Moca: The delicious delicacies of this chilly season, of course~.
Tsugumi: That reminds me, our café started serving its Christmas menu this week!
Himari: Oh yeah! It's that time of year again, isn't it~? What are they offering this time?
Tsugumi: We've got the gingerbread men cookies and stollen we serve every year, and then hot apple cider!
Moca: Oho~, those all sound scrumptious~. Hazawa Coffee's Christmas menu always delivers~.
Himari: Speaking of Christmas, we should figure out when we want to have our party♪
Ran: I've already uploaded my schedule.
Moca: Oh~, somebody can't wait to celebrate with all her friends~. Jeez~, could you get any more adorable~?
Ran: Shut up. I just happened to figure out what my plans are a little earlier than usual, that's all!
Tsugumi: Once we've decided on a date, I'll let my mom know. I'm so excited...♪
Tomoe: How many times have we done this party now anyway?
Himari: It's probably getting close to ten now. When you think about it like that, it's kind of amazing.
Moca: Hey, check it out~. "Now selling Christmas cards!"
Tsugumi: Fufu, Christmas cards, huh? Now those bring back memories... Don't they?
Himari: They sure do~. Didn't we used to go to the post office together with our letters to Santa?
Moca: And thanks to our efforts, Santa always delivered our presents safe and sound~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, for sure.
Ran: You're laughing now, but do you remember the first time we did that? You got us into a lot of trouble. We thought we were lost.
Tomoe: Huh? No way, that was your fault!
Ran: If it weren't for yo-...!
Moca: Okay, children, that's enough~.
Himari: Argh~, would you two stop fighting? You're acting just like you did as kids.
Tomoe: W-we're not fighting!
Tsugumi: Fufu, I always feel so nostalgic thinking back to the first time we sent our letters to Santa. We were all by ourselves.
Himari: That was the year we all met each other too.
Tsugumi: Exactly! We became friends, went on our first trip to the post office... We even had our first Christmas party that year!
Ran: Really? We had a lot of firsts that year.
Moca: We sure did~. That was the year we met you, Ran...
Moca: The moment our lives changed and Ran became our commander-in-chief... I still recall it as if it was yesterday~
Tomoe: Hey, you're spouting nonsense over there!
Moca: Am I? Fufu~, either way, I very clearly remember when we met Ran~.
Moca: I was at our favorite park and thought to myself, "There's that quiet girl who always comes to this park~"...
(White cut)
