event72-01 Opening: A Word from Our First Years

The closing ceremony at Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy approaches. One day, Sayo visits Kasumi and the others in Class 1-A...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Sayo Hikawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: "I thought it was great that everyone tried their best." Okay, that should do it!
Kasumi: Sorry for the wait, guys! I had to finish filling out the class journal.
Arisa: Oh, so that's what you were doing. Sounded more like one of those picture diaries from elementary school.
Kasumi: Ngh, don't say that, Arisa~. I've always been terrible at writing that kind of stuff~.
Tae: Kasumi, your lyrics may be amazing, but your writing sure isn't.
Kasumi: O-Tae... Is it really that bad?
Saya: Fufu. Good work, Kasumi♪ Come to think of it, that class journal only has a few entries left to go.
Rimi: Ah, you're right. In only one more week, we won't be first-year students anymore.
Kasumi: Thinking about it makes me feel a little sad~. I had so much fun in this class!
Saya: You were the one who brought us to this point. Without a doubt, this class wouldn't be what it is without your help, Kasumi.
Kasumi: I wouldn't go that far~.
Tae: With any luck, Arisa will be placed in the same class as Kasumi next year.
Arisa: Huh?! What're you talking about?! B-being in the same class as Kasumi? I wouldn't be able to study with all the racket she'd make.
Kasumi: I'd love for us to be together! Maybe I should go ask the teachers!
Rimi: Fufufu. I know you're excited, but I don't think that's possible. That's not how the class rosters are decided, after all.
Kasumi: Oh well~. But it sure would be great if we were all put in the same class~.
Saya: Well, even if we end up in separate classes, we can still have lunch together in the courtyard, right?
Kasumi: Yeah! Of course! You know, I really am glad that I came to Hanasakigawa.
Kasumi: If I hadn't, I never would've met you all, and our band wouldn't exist, either! I'd like to somehow give my junior-high-school self a pat on the back for choosing this school!
Rimi: Yeah, I wish I could, too! This first year has been so much fun, and it's all thanks to you picking Hanasakigawa!
Saya: You said it. Nice one, junior-high-school Kasumi!
Kasumi: Hehehe~. Thanks, Rimi-rin! Thanks, Saya!
Tae: Why don't you thank her, too, Arisa?
Arisa: Wh-why should I?!
Tae: Haven't you also had fun because Kasumi came to this school?
Arisa: ...?! A-as if that's true...
Kasumi: Come now, Arisa~. There's no need to hold back~.
Arisa: Stop hanging all over me!
Sayo: Pardon the intrusion.
Kasumi: Ah, Sayo-senpai! Hello~!
Sayo: Oh, good. You're all still here.
Saya: It's rare to see you around the first-year classrooms, Sayo-senpai. Do you need something?
Sayo: I do. The student council has a favor to ask.
Kasumi: A favor? From the student council? About what?
Sayo: Everyone is aware of the closing ceremony to be held one week from now, yes?
Saya: You mean the one for the end of the school year, right?
Sayo: Correct. At Hanasakigawa, a representative from each year is to give a "Representative's Speech" at the ceremony.
Sayo: And it was proposed that Ichigaya-san be tasked with it-
Kasumi: Wow! Awesome! That's a great idea! Arisa would be perfect for the job!
Arisa: H-huh?! Out of the question!
Kasumi: But why? I can't think of a better choice! No one's a better fit for representative than you. Go for it, Arisa~.
Sayo: Excuse me, Toyama-san... Would you mind listening to the rest of what I have to say?
Kasumi: Ah, I'm sorry! I was so happy about Arisa being picked that I got a little carried away!
Sayo: You seem to have misunderstood me... Ichigaya-san being selected as representative... was one motion that was initially presented.
Kasumi: Initially?
Sayo: Ultimately, the one unanimously chosen to present the First-Year Representative's Speech was you, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Huh? Me?!
Sayo: A good portion of the teachers also voiced their support in selecting you.
Kasumi: Hold on... Me? Why was I chosen?!
Sayo: Perhaps it would be because you're seen as having been able to bring about a fulfilling school year.
Saya: It's hard to think of anyone who seems more excited about coming to school every day than Kasumi. Looking at it from that angle, I agree that she's the best choice for representative.
Arisa: Hahaha, she's got my vote! Best of luck, First-Year Representative Kasumi~!
Sayo: The teachers also expressed concern regarding Ichigaya-san's absence during her entrance ceremony and the possibility of a repeat offense, had she been selected.
Arisa: H-hahaha... I apologize for my behavior back then...
Sayo: What do you think, Toyama-san? Are you willing to take on this task?
Kasumi: I-I don't know~... Me, a representative~. That's a lot of responsibility~...
Rimi: I'd like to hear what Kasumi-chan has to say. I'm really, really interested in what kind of message she'd come up with.
Tae: Me, too! You should give it a shot, Kasumi! No one is better suited for it than you are!
Kasumi: I-I didn't know you guys felt that way... A-alright, then! Sayo-senpai, I'll do it!
Sayo: Fufu, I had a feeling that you would say that, Toyama-san. I look forward to your speech.
Kasumi: Okay! I, Kasumi Toyama, will do my best to express our gratitude to Hanasakigawa for such a wonderful first year!
