event72-07 Ending: From Me to You

Kasumi has finished her speech, and calmly begins to conveying her overflowing emotions to her audience.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Sayo Hikawa)

[Closing Ceremony]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Saya: Okay, looks like Kasumi is finally up next...
Rimi: Do you think she might be nervous?
Arisa: Wh-why would she be? Think about it, Kasumi is as tough as they come when it's finally time to perform! This'll be a breeze for her! Right, O-Tae?
Tae: You're more nervous than her, huh, Arisa? You look pale.
Arisa: N-no one asked you...
Sayo: And now, here to give the First-Year Representative's Speech... Kasumi Toyama from Class 1-A.
Kasumi: Ready!
Tae: Kasumi~! Good luck~!
Arisa: ...?!
Saya: O-O-Tae... I know you're excited, but keep your voice down.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... Good luck.
Arisa: (C-come on, Kasumi...!)
Kasumi: Suuu~... Haaa~...
Kasumi: ...
Kasumi: A heart-pounding adventure... That's what this past year has been.
(White cut)
Kasumi: The sparkling sun shining against sakura petals dancing in the wind. That was what I saw when I stepped through the school gate one year ago. Along with a premonition of new beginnings...
Kasumi: Even now, I remember it like it was only yesterday.
Kasumi: As a new student, everything seemed to have a radiant glow: the daily school commute by train, the sound of club activities in the gym, exchanging morning greetings with new friends...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Every place in Hanasakigawa had sparkling, heart-pounding energy.
(White cut)
Kasumi: If I had never come to Hanasakigawa, I wouldn't have met the many precious friends that I have now.
Kasumi: Because they were by my side, I was introduced to the world of music. A tiny coincidence that came to be precisely because I attended Hanasakigawa.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Until only recently, I had felt that meeting my friends and discovering that music was a special case.
Kasumi: But I realized how wrong I was.
Kasumi: I believe the real reason why I'm standing here right now is a series of teeny-tiny coincidences that were brought together.
Kasumi: And that's why...
Kasumi: What happened to me can absolutely happen to anyone!
Kasumi: Even now, those same coincidences are taking place at this very moment. Everyone, let's go and seek them out!
Kasumi: And when you find one, nurture it! Treasure it! Because the only one who can is you!
Kasumi: Once those coincidences have grown big enough, then maybe, just maybe... they can become what we call a "miracle"!
(White cut)
Kasumi: Hanasakigawa is a school where miracles can happen. The same miracles that we experienced will certainly happen for the new students who are soon to join us, as well!
(White cut)
Kasumi: As for us who are entering our second year, there are still plenty of little coincidences waiting to happen.
Kasumi: I want to find them! Nurture them, cherish them until they grow big enough to become miracles!
Kasumi: Students of Hanasakigawa! Thank you very much for providing me with so many of those beautiful coincidences!
Kasumi: And thank you very much for the many precious friends that I've been able to meet!  My name is Kasumi Toyama, from Class 1-A of Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy, and- Ah!
Kasumi: One last thing...
Kasumi: I would absolutely love to turn these feelings into a song! So please, everyone! Be sure to come see Poppin'Party's show when we sing it!
Kasumi: Looks like I got carried away and turned my closing into an advertisement... S-sorry...!
(Black cut)
Sayo: Fufufu, very impressive. I knew selecting you was the correct choice.
Kasumi: Y-you really mean that?! What a relief~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Phew, I was so nervous~.
Saya: That was you being nervous? With how confidently you stood up there, there was no way to tell.
Rimi: Ohhh, Kasumi-chan... Your First-Year Representative's Speech was incredible.
Saya: Rimi-rin started tearing up about halfway through. I barely held it together, myself...
Tae: Arisa started bawling right after it started. Isn't that right?
Arisa: Kn-knock it off. What's so wrong with crying, anyway...?
Kasumi: Huh...? Arisa, you...
Saya: She's actually being honest...!
Arisa: That was exactly the kind of message I wanted to hear, Kasumi... It was... out of this world.
Kasumi: A-Arisa actually complimented me! Yaaay~!
Rimi: Yeah, I felt the same way! Who else but Kasumi-chan could've ended it with asking everyone to come to our show?
Saya: Fufufu, that's Poppin'Party's leader for you. As reliable as ever~. Fufufu♪
Tae: But after a big promotional push like that, we'd better start practicing in Arisa's basement again, starting today.
Kasumi: Ah! Hey, I've got an idea! Today was the last day of our first year, so let's have a get-together to celebrate!
Saya: Count me in! I'll bring some pastries with me!
Rimi: Yay~♪ And I want to talk more about that new song Kasumi-chan mentioned!
Kasumi: You bet we will! I get the feeling that today is going to be a blast!
Tae: Say, why don't we make it a sleepover?
Kasumi: Good thinking, O-Tae! Alright, we're going to have a sleepover tonight! Don't forget to bring your pajamas~!
Arisa: I can't believe you guys... Rambling on like you own the place...
Arisa: How about asking first, huh~?!
(Black cut)
