event72-04 Chapter 3: An Unexpected Meeting

Kasumi gets a push in the right direction after getting support from her friends at Haneoka.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Shopping Mall - Food Court]

Arisa: So, how's it going, Kasumi? The Representative's Speech, I mean. You have been making progress, right?
Kasumi: I can't say for sure, but I feel like the message I want to share is slowly but surely coming together.
Rimi: Yeah! That's the spirit! It'll be fine, so long as they're your own thoughts, Kasumi-chan! I mean, look at how great your lyrics always are!
Rimi: Your First-Year Representative's Speech is bound to be great too if you approach it in the same way as your lyrics!
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! You know, I think I've managed to almost capture the same feeling as when I'm writing lyrics!
Rimi: Saya-chan and O-Tae-chan are probably worried too, so I'm going to message them... Hm? Himari-chan just sent me a text.
Rimi: Let's see... It says, "Look behind you~"... Huh? What's that mean? Behind me?
Himari: Ta-da~!
Rimi: Himari-chan?! How long have you been there?!
Himari: Fufu, a few seconds~. We noticed the three of you while we were passing by. Didn't we, Ran?
Kasumi: Oh, Ran-chan and Moca-chan are here, too!
Moca: Why, hello~. The stunning female beauty, Moca-chan, makes her entrance~.
Ran: Come on, Moca... Knock it off with the embarrassing one-liners.
Himari: Hey, Arisa, Rimi, remember when we went to the candy shop that one time? Moca said she hadn't been there, so we decided to take her♪
Kasumi: I heard about that! It was you, Arisa, Rimi-rin, and Ran-chan, right?
Rimi: Fufufu. Ever since then, Himari-chan and I have been trading info on delicious sweets through texts.
Kasumi: You have?! Awww, no way! Let me in on the fun~! And Arisa wants to join in, too. Isn't that right?
Ran: Ah, by the way, Arisa... Thanks for that bonsai video. It helped me come up with a flower-arranging idea.
Arisa: S-sure. Glad I could help.
Kasumi: ... Huh? Arisa and Ran-chan have been texting, too?! Awww, no fair~! You should have told me about that~!
Arisa: Since when do I have to tell you every little thing?
Kasumi: Ah, but you know what?! Ran-chan and I went on a stargazing tour! We had tons of fun and everything~. Didn't we, Ran-chan?
Arisa: Hey, when did this become a competition?!
Moca: I believe Ran mentioned having quite a bit of fun on that stargazing tour~. And she was glad you were with her, Kasumi.
Ran: What's the big idea, Moca?! Stop making things up. That's not even close to how I worded it. What I really said was... It was...
Rimi: "It wasn't bad..."
All: ...?!
Rimi: ... Ah, sorry! It slipped out.
Moca: ... Pfft. Fufu... Hehehe...! An impression of Ran, I take it~? Whoa, nice one~. It didn't sound anything like her, but it's got some punch to it~. Hehe~.
Ran: I-it wasn't that funny, Moca! And why do I have to be the butt of the joke? Give me a break...
Rimi: S-sorry, Ran-chan...!
Ran: Y-you don't need to apologize, Rimi.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: Phew~. That was lots of fun~. I was surprised at how easily you two got along with Ran-chan and the others!
Rimi: It really is amazing how many friends we've made this past year. Ones that we may have never met had we not formed the band.
Arisa: You've got a point there... We've made friends not only at Hanasakigawa but also at Haneoka.
Kasumi: We'd have no connection to our friends at Haneoka if we hadn't started the band after starting high school! I think it's gotta be some kind of miracle!
Hina: Ah! Is that you over there, Kasumi-chan~?
Kasumi: Hey, it's Hina-san! Hello~!
Rimi: Maya-san... and Kaoru-san, too?!
Maya: Good afternoon, everyone!
Kaoru: Ah, for so many little kittens to be gathered in one place. This is unmistakably the work of destiny.
Arisa: I don't think destiny has anything to do with it, but if Kasumi hadn't formed the band, we definitely wouldn't know Kaoru-san and the others...
Kaoru: Fufu, those coincidences are commonly referred to as destiny. Coincidences will, at times, produce miracles... That is the way of the world.
Hina: By the way, I heard everything from Sis~! Kasumi-chan, you're going to give the First-Year Representative's Speech, right?
Kasumi: You heard right~. That's why I'm going around and looking for the right words to put in it!
Maya: Looking for the right words... That sounds like a pretty difficult task.
Kasumi: But by talking with all the people from Girls Band Party, I've slowly been able to find the message I want to share!
Kaoru: I see. It is as Shakespeare once said: "Let me embrace thee, sour adversity, for wise men say it is the wisest course."
Hina: Ah! Awesome! There it is, Kaoru-kun's first Shakespeare quote of the day! I was waiting for that!
Rimi: Sigh~. She's so cool~...
Kasumi: So, why exactly are you all here, anyway?
Hina: I think Kaoru-kun is amusing, so I followed her here~.
Maya: Well, we wanted to pick up some items for a performance the theater club is having in April. It's to welcome the new students.
Kaoru: Many of them are certainly looking forward to our performance. It is our duty as upperclassmen to fulfill those desires. Do you not agree?
Kasumi: New students... Wow. You're right. We're going to become upperclassmen, too.
Kasumi: I'd love for those new students to think of school as a fun place to be~. It would be so wonderful if they could find the same miracles that we did!
Kasumi: Amazing, Kaoru-san. You know exactly what to say.
Kaoru: Fufu, it is within my words that I bestow the essence of life... for I am Kaoru Seta... as you know.
Maya: K-Kaoru-san. Stop confusing Toyama-san and the others... Come on, let's go finish our shopping. Please excuse us!
Kasumi: Okay! I'm grateful for your words of wisdom! Thank you very much!
Rimi: Sigh~.
Arisa: Wh-what's wrong, Rimi?
Rimi: Kaoru-san is... sooo cool~.
