event72-03 Chapter 2: Where We Merge

After running into a number of her friends, Kasumi's speech starts to come together.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kasumi: Hello~!
Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee! ... Ah, Kasumi-chan.
Eve: Oh my~, Rimi-san and Arisa-san are with her!
Arisa: Whoa, the whole gang's here. Kanon-senpai, Aya-senpai... even Shirasagi-senpai!
Rimi: H-hello, everyone!
Kanon & Aya: Hello~.
Chisato: Fufu, there is quite the crowd at Hazawa Coffee today. How fortunate for you, Tsugumi-chan, Eve-chan.
Tsugumi: Ah, no need to stand around. Do come in!
Kasumi: Okay! Don't mind if I do~!
Aya: We were just talking about you, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: Really?! About me? Why?
Aya: You'll be giving the First-Year Representative's Speech at the closing ceremony, right? I heard as much from Eve-chan.
Kanon: Eve-chan was so happy that you'd think she was talking about herself.
Eve: Oh, yes! It is thanks to Kasumi-san that we had such an enjoyable first year! I was so thrilled to hear that she was chosen as the first-year representative.
Aya: Say, they haven't even chosen the second-year representative yet, have they? ... If Kasumi-chan is doing it, maybe I should sign up, too.
Kasumi: That sounds great! Let's do it!
Chisato: And by that, you mean that someone will have to watch over you two, yes? Exactly like the New Year's talent show.
Kanon: Fufufu. You seemed more stressed than either of them during that show.
Chisato: Everything ended well, though. You two did a splendid job.
Kasumi: Haha... Too bad we messed up the handkerchief trick...
Aya: It may just be me, but seeing Kasumi-chan gets me super motivated. I feel like I have to try even harder!
Kasumi: I feel the same way about you!  Doing that talent show together with you was really inspirational!
Tsugumi: What inspired me about that talent show was every single member of Girls Band Party being in one place. The thought of having so many friends filled me with courage.
Eve: So many things have happened this year, and they make for the most wonderful of memories! Arisa-san's warrior-like blow to that watermelon was particularly exquisite!
Arisa: S-stop bringing that up! And I'm not a warrior!
All: Hahahahahaha.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Café]

Kasumi: If we're going to dig up the past, then this is the best place to start! Here at our second home! CiRCLE!
Rimi: CiRCLE sure is filled with a lot of old memories. This is the place where Girls Band Party got its start, after all.
Arisa: Looking back, it's impressive how so many different kinds of bands came together and held such a successful performance.
Tae: That's probably because even though each band was unique, we all had the same feeling of fun and excitement.
Saya: That concert really was a lot of fun~! For me, though, I think that Christmas mini-concert left the biggest impression.
Saya: I never expected everyone in CHiSPA to show up. Thank you so much for what you did, Arisa.
Arisa: Huh? O-oh, did that happen? I completely forgot about it.
Kasumi: There she goes again, being all shy. All you need to do is say "thank you," you know.
Arisa: Sh-shut your trap.
Tae: What I'll never forget is the performance we held at the CiRCLE event. The poster that we made is still up on my wall at home.
Lisa: Wow, I found the whole Poppin'Party crew in one place~! Hey, guys~☆
Kasumi: Ah, Lisa-san! Yukina-senpai is here, too! Hello!
Yukina: Good afternoon.
Lisa: Looks like you're all as close as ever~. Is there a time when you guys aren't together?
Kasumi: Hahaha! That'd be because we're such good friends!
Arisa: You say that, but you and Yukina-senpai are practically inseparable, too.
Yukina: We have private rehearsals to prepare for our next show. It's not as if we're here to goof off together.
Rimi: U-uhm, Lisa-san! Thank you so much for having that conversational practice session a while back with Arisa and me.
Lisa: Ah, I remember that~! Let's do it again sometime! Your Ran impression was the best! "Yeah... It's not bad..."
Rimi: Th-that was, uhhh... I mean... A-anyway, I had a lot of fun! Thank you very much!
Yukina: Ah, yes... I also need to show my appreciation. Toyama-san, as well as the rest of Poppin'Party... Thank you for what you did.
Kasumi: Huh? What we did...?
Yukina: When Roselia seemed on the verge of breaking up, I was able to realize something important after seeing Poppin'Party's performance.
Yukina: "How do the others feel when they're performing?" The ones who introduced me to that way of thinking was all of you.
Arisa: Y-you're giving us way too much credit! All we did was have an enjoyable time putting on a concert like we always do!
Yukina: That ability to enjoy putting on a concert is Poppin'Party's greatest strength in my opinion.
Lisa: Actually, Yukina and I discussed something the other day. About how we'd like to have a head-to-head concert with Poppin'Party!
Poppin'Party: Huh?!
Yukina: I felt that our competition with Afterglow was eye-opening in a whole new way, so I would appreciate if you gave the idea some consideration.
Tae: I'm all for it!
Rimi: Me too! I'd love to play with you! By all means!
Yukina: Fufu, don't expect us to hold back when the time comes. Okay, Lisa, time for our rehearsals. Let's go.
Lisa: Alright, catch you guys later~.
