event72-02 Chapter 1: The Sakura's Return

Kasumi struggles to write her speech. Kokoro and the others offer up a hint...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: "... And so, I think it's great that I came to Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy."
Kasumi: ... That's the gist of it, anyway. What do you think?
Arisa: Huh? Wait, was that your First-Year Representative's Speech just now?
Kasumi: Yeah... I got right to work on it last night. Please let me know if any parts sound strange... And don't hold back! I'll go back and redo it!
Arisa: Well, it's not all that different from what you wrote in the class journal yesterday. So yeah, exactly like what an elementary-school student would write.
Kasumi: Look, I know it sounds a little off! But after rewriting it a million times, I no longer knew how to go about fixing it!
Tae: A little off? The whole thing sounds off to me.
Saya: O-Tae... Can't you find a nicer way of putting it?
Tae: That's exactly what I did. Would you like the unfiltered version?
Kasumi: Nooo~! Anything but that! Don't you remember what I said yesterday? I'm terrible at writing these kinds of things~.
Rimi: This is only my opinion, but I think you tried so hard to make it sound nice that it didn't sound like your own words...
Saya: Yeah, I think she's right. It felt like a generic speech that any person could give.
Arisa: C'mon, guys. Do you really need to be that nice about it? Just tell her like it is. No one wants to listen to that sort of fake nonsense!
Arisa: What we really want to hear are your own thoughts and feelings expressed in your own words!
Rimi: Arisa-chan...?
Saya: You're pretty passionate about this...
Tae: Because you also want to hear Kasumi's message, right?
Arisa: I-it's not like that at all...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kasumi: Argh, this is so difficult~. Maybe I shouldn't have agreed to this~...
Arisa: You already said that you'll do it, so there's no going back now.
Rimi: Cheer up, Kasumi-chan. Saya-chan and O-Tae-chan may have already left because they had things to do, but we're still here with you.
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! Arisa!
Kokoro: Oh? I see Kasumi and the others over there!
Kasumi: Hey, it's Kokoron! And Hagu and Misaki-chan are with her!
Hagumi & Misaki: Hey there~! Yo...
Kokoro: Kasumi! Hagumi told me everything! About how you'll be giving the First-Year Representative's Speech at the closing ceremony! I'm really looking forward to it~!
Kasumi: What?! Kokoron, you already know?!
Hagumi: Hehehe~. Someone in homeroom mentioned that you were chosen as our representative. I was sooo happy that I told Kokoron and Mii-kun straightaway!
Rimi: I totally get what you mean! After I went home yesterday, I couldn't help bragging nonstop about Kasumi to my family!
Arisa: But now she needs to make a speech worthy of all that praise. With what you have now, you'll be a laughingstock. Are you sure you can do this?
Kasumi: Ohhh~. I know, Arisa, I know~. You don't need to dump all that pressure on me.
Misaki: Haha, now I get it. Ichigaya-san is actually worried about Toyama-san.
Arisa: That's not how it is at all!
Misaki: Alright, alright. I got it. Ichigaya-san, you've been easy to read ever since that sakura party.
Kasumi: Come to think of it, the fact that we're here speaking so comfortably with each other is because of that sakura party we had at Kokoron's house~.
Kokoro: Mhm! It was a super-duper fun sakura party filled with smiling faces! I'd love to have another one with you all!
Hagumi: Now there's a good idea~! I remember that day like it was only yesterday...
Rimi: I'd like that too! And let's not forget about how Arisa-chan acted that day... Fufufu.
Hagumi: Huh? Wait, did Aa-chan do something?
Arisa: You don't remember a thing!
Misaki: Hahaha, and there it is. At first, she pretended to be sweet and innocent, but by the end of it, her true colors came out.
Arisa: Okusawa-san... Can't we just pretend that never happened?
Kasumi: Hahaha, I clearly remember everyone laughing as the sakura petals were floating around in the sparkly sunlight... That day really was like something out of a dream~.
Kasumi: Ahhh~. All this talk brings back not only those memories but also the fun feelings that we had! I'll definitely have to find a way to mention our sakura party in my speech!
Rimi: Ah... That's it, Kasumi-chan! What you talked about just now is the kind of message I want to hear!
Kasumi: Huh...?
Rimi: When we made the Downtown Rally Song, you actually went downtown many times to get a feel for the area, remember? And that's why the lyrics had your own unique flair, right?
Rimi: So, if you try to bring back those memories like you were doing just now, I'm sure that a natural-sounding message will come to you!
Kasumi: I see...
Arisa: Now that you mention it, when we were looking for that park from your and Kitazawa-san's childhood, I think you had quite a few flashbacks while talking about the past.
Kasumi: You're right, I guess I did! Chatting about the old days was like a trip to the past. It was like I was still there! ... Okay, I think I've got the right idea now!
Kasumi: I'll go talk to everyone one more time and try to gather up all those sparkling, heart-pounding emotions from the first year at Hanasakigawa!
Kokoro: Kasumi! That is an absolutely wonderful idea! I was thinking the exact same thing!
Hagumi: Ah, I think Tsugu's store is a good place to start! Eve-chin said she has work today, and Kano-chan-senpai mentioned going there also. You can catch them all at the same time!
Kasumi: No way! I might as well head there now, then! Thanks for letting me know, Hagu!
Hagumi: Well, I am looking forward to your speech, after all! Make it a good one!
Kokoro: I'm also hoping for a Representative's Speech that'll bring out everyone's smiles!
Kasumi: You bet! Kokoron, Hagu, Misaki-chan! Thank you~!
