event72-05 Chapter 4: Beginnings

After bemoaning the fact that she and Asuka won't be going to the same school, Kasumi suddenly remembers something.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: There's no better place for our last stop than here! Do you think Saya is helping out at the bakery? Maybe we should stop by later!
Arisa: Kasumi, you sure do love coming downtown.
Rimi: I completely understand why she feels that way, though. The downtown area is filled with so many memories!
Kasumi: Ah! You guys! This intro...
Rimi: It's Home Street!
Kasumi: Man, this song is so amazing~! My body starts moving all on its own as soon as those notes hit my ears! You did a great job, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Thanks so much for all your help in making it, you guys.
Tomoe: Ah, Kasumi!
Kasumi: Tomoe-chan!
Ako: Rin-rin and I are here too~.
Rinko: G-good afternoon... everyone...
Tomoe: What are y'all doing here? Did you come to listen to Home Street? It's one sweet track, isn't it?
Kasumi: Fufu~. That's one reason why, sure, but we're really here to gather info for my First-Year Representative's Speech! You know, looking back on all our accomplishments from the past year and all that!
Tomoe: Dude, you're the representative for your grade?! That's pretty cool!
Arisa: But she still hasn't figured out what her message will be.
Kasumi: That's why we're hard at work out here~. It feels like I'm almost there.
Rimi: I think you're right, Kasumi-chan. Just a little further!
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! How about you guys? Why did you come out here today?
Tomoe: Well, I'm sure you know that Ako is going to be a high-school student come April, yeah? So we came to find her a new bag.
Ako: Hehehe~. Starting in April, I'm moving up to the big leagues and entering high school! I want to hear my sister's and Rin-rin's opinions on what bags are best, so I had them bring me.
Rimi: Oh yeah, you are starting high school, aren't you?
Ako: Heh heh heh~. Delivered upon a grand surge of darkness, this power of mine... uhhh... will level up with a big kaboom!
Rinko: Ako-chan... Let's also work on... leveling up that vocabulary of yours... okay? Fufufu...
Ako: Okay! I won't let you down!
Kasumi: Ah, speaking of which! From April, my little sister Aa-chan is also going to Haneoka!
Ako: Oh! So your little sister is coming to our school, then!
Kasumi: Not sure if you'll be in the same class, but I'm counting on you to look after her~♪
Ako: Sure, you bet! This is so exciting! I can't wait to meet her~!
Tomoe: Alright, time for us to split!
Rinko: H-hey, Toyama-san...
Kasumi: Yes?
Rinko: I'm certain that... everyone has high expectations... of your speech. But instead of worrying about that... I'd like for your message... to be formed from your own thoughts... as they are...
Kasumi: My own thoughts, as they are... Okay! I'll try my best!
(Black cut)
Arisa: Wow. Asuka-chan is already entering high school... But you two will wind up going to separate schools.
Kasumi: I wanted for both of us to go to Hanasakigawa, but she wouldn't budge...
Arisa: Hey, I can't really blame here. Having to look up to you as an upperclassmen is... well, you know.
Kasumi: What do you mean by that?! Anyway, I'm so jealous of Tomoe-chan and Ako for being able to attend the same school~.
Arisa: Won't you be riding the same train since it goes by both schools?
Kasumi: That's what I had planned, but you know how Aa-chan is... And if she decided to do any extracurricular stuff, it wouldn't work out, anyway.
Arisa: Well, I guess that's true.
Rimi: What kind of clubs do you think she'd join?
Kasumi: I've been telling her that she should join a band! Then again, she was in the swimming club throughout junior high...
Kasumi: Ahhh~! How could I forget...?!
Arisa: Wh-what's wrong, Kasumi? What's with the yelling?
Kasumi: I have to go talk to her right away!
Arisa: Huh? 'Her'? Who are you talking about?!
Kasumi: I'll give you a hint~. It's the person who brought us together!
Arisa: The person who...
Rimi: Brought us together...?
Kasumi: Come on, Arisa! Rimi-rin! Let's go!
Arisa: S-slow down, Kasumi~!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, where are we going~?
