event72-06 Chapter 5: Words Overflowing

Kasumi heads to the live house to meet the one who started it all. There she finds...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Live House - Dressing Room]

Arisa: K-Kasumi... I can't believe you brought us here. Now I'm all nervous...
Kasumi: Yeah, but she's the reason we made the band in the first place! We've got to go speak with her! Right, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: S-sure, but... Sigh~. Now I'm feeling nervous, too~.
Kasumi: Huh? What are you worried about? We're just going to go see Yuri-senpai. Don't you two see each other at home all the time? She's your big sister.
Rimi: Th-that's what has me on edge, though... Meeting her in a place like this feels out of the ordinary...
Rimi: Didn't they say that it's a sold-out show? And since this is her last performance as a high-school student, that packed crowd seems really fired up...
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi. I'm sure you know, but Yuri-senpai could go up on stage any moment now. And we were allowed in here only as a favor from her.
Kasumi: Yeah, I get all that! But if I hadn't seen Glitter*Green's concert that day, I definitely wouldn't be in this band!
Kasumi: It's because of Yuri-senpai that I am who I am today. She's the sole reason why our band was made! So I have to speak with her, no matter what!
Rimi: Fufu. If you think of Sis as the start of your music career, then maybe she could be seen as the reason behind Girls Band Party, as well? Since you brought everyone together.
Arisa: Without a doubt. If Kasumi hadn't made our band, then Girls Band Party wouldn't have happened, either.
Rimi: Glitter*Green's performance that day being the origin of Girls Band Party makes me feel really happy for some reason!
Arisa: Ah, come to think of it, I think the first time all three of us met face-to-face was at that very concert.
Kasumi: You're right! We bumped into Rimi-rin at SPACE, didn't we?! Who could've imagined that meeting would lead us to this very moment?!
Kasumi: And when you get down to it, me finding those star stickers and running into Arisa is what brought us to that concert in the first place. Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Yeah, that's true...
Kasumi: And if so... then it all leads back to Arisa putting up those star stickers when she was a kid! Little Arisa! Thanks for doing that for us!
Rimi: Fufu. Thank you, little Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Say, I've been thinking... Thanking the Kasumi from junior high school? Thanking the me from my childhood? Isn't all of that kind of meaningless?
Arisa: It's not like I put those stickers up knowing it'd help me meet you guys.
Kasumi: Wh-when you put it that way, sure...
Arisa: Wasn't it all one big coincidence? A bunch of unrelated coincidences is what brought us here. I don't think it's any deeper than that, really.
Kasumi: Coincidences... huh?
Yuri: Okay, I'm here~. We were busy warming up, but I'm free now.
Kasumi, Arisa & Rimi: Yuri-senpai! Yuri-senpai... Sis!
Yuri: Sorry for the wait.
Kasumi: N-no problem! I apologize for barging in on such short notice! But I just had to speak with you!
Yuri: Fufufu, no need to be so formal~. I've been caught up, more or less. Good luck with your First-Year Representative's Speech, Kasumi-chan♪
Kasumi: Thank you! ... U-uhm! About that first concert I saw of yours! Everything was so sparkling! So heart-pounding! It was unbelievable!
Kasumi: I can't believe how much has changed since I started this new high-school life! It's all so moving...! A-and... uh, I mean...
Arisa: Calm... down...!
Kasumi: Y-yeah... You're right! Suuu~... Haaa~...
Kasumi: Well... To put it simply... I am who I am today because of Glitter*Green! I'll never forget the sparkling, heart-pounding show you put on that day!
Kasumi: Looking back, it may have only been a coincidence that I saw your concert, but... Even so! Thank you very much!
Yuri: Fufufu, we're not the ones you should thank. All we did was get up on stage and do our thing.
Yuri: You're the ones who nurtured that little coincidence until it brought you here, so shouldn't all the credit go to you guys?
Kasumi: Nurtured it?
Yuri: That's how I see it, anyway. Kasumi-chan, you and your friends took that coincidence and treasured it, cared for it until it grew into something much greater.
Kasumi: I-I see... So then... it was us who helped it to grow!
Yuri: Fufufu. Anyway! The future of high-school girl bands is in your hands now! Make it burn even brighter!
Kasumi, Arisa & Rimi: We will!
Kasumi: Hey, what will you do after you graduate high school, Yuri-senpai?
Yuri: It's still a decision in the making, but for now...
Yuri: I think I'd like to go out and explore the world. I've thought about attending an overseas university to see what kind of inspiration I can find.
Arisa: O-overseas...?! You've really considered doing that...?!
Yuri: Huh? Rimi didn't tell you?
Rimi: S-Sorry, Sis... Actually, I never got around to telling them...
Rimi: I know that you've got your heart set on it, but... I guess a part of me still hasn't come to grips with you leaving...
Yuri: Rimi... It's not that big of a deal. I'll be going abroad, but-
Rimi: But it'll be alright! Because I have friends around me who I love very much! I won't be alone!
Rimi: So don't worry about me, Sis. You go on ahead!
Yuri: Thanks, Rimi... Come here a second. I want to pat your head like I did when we were kids...
Rimi: R-right now...? You'll embarrass me in front of everyone...
Yuri: No, I won't. Come on over here.
Rimi: O-okay...
Yuri: Alright, Rimi... I'm off.
Rimi: See you again soon... Sis.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~... We're right here for you~.
Arisa: K-Kasumi~. You dummy, cut out the waterworks...!
Kasumi: You're crying, too, Arisa.
Arisa: I-I am not~!
Yuri: Oh, yeah... Hey, you guys? Are you ready to have some fun?
Kasumi, Arisa & Rimi: Huh...?
Yuri: Since you came all the way here, go on and watch our show!
Rimi: But they said the tickets were all sold out...
Yuri: Fufufu, there's plenty of room backstage. I'll take care of everything.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Live House - Offstage]

Kasumi: Wow... Glitter*Green really is incredible!
Arisa: And the audience is really into it, too~.
Rimi: I'm so lucky to have her as my sister! Thank you, Sis!
Kasumi: It's all clear to me now...! The message I want to share, it's clear as day!
