914_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Prize Collection

Gacha phrase: Well, they're all ghosts~.

<Horror Club Activities>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[After School]

[Residential Area]

Tsukushi: Hey, Mashiro-chan, there's a place I want to go. Could you come with me?
Mashiro: Okay. Where would you like to go?
Tsukushi: A small store up ahead. They sell all kinds of things! I saw a really cute planter there the other day!
Mashiro: I didn't know there was a place like that here. Okay let's- Hm?
Tsukushi: What's the matter?
Mashiro: Hey, is that Nanami-chan?
Tsukushi: ... Ah, you're right. I wonder what she's doing here.
Nanami: ...? Ohh, Shiro-chan and Tsu-chan! I didn't expect to see you here~.
Mashiro: Y-yeah. I thought you went to the horror club since we didn't have band practice today...
Nanami: I did~, but I came here because there's something I want to do.
Tsukushi: I don't know much about the horror club, but it sounds like people are free to do whatever they want.
Nanami: I wouldn't call it free. Nobody's there, so I get to decide what to do.
Mashiro: Nobody's there...?
Nanami: Well, they're all ghosts~.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: G-ghosts...?!
Nanami: Ah, don't get me wrong. They're officially members of the club, but they might as well not exist~.
Nanami: Once in a while, somebody will come, but we're pretty much never there at the same time.
Mashiro: I-I see. I'm just glad they're not real ghosts.
Tsukushi: I can see why you said they are though. It's like you have fellow club members, but not really...
Nanami: Ahaha, right?
Mashiro: Does that mean you're always alone? What do you do?
Nanami: Hm... I usually take a look at the scary books or movies that are in the club room~.
Nanami: I recommend the Bio Panic series about zombies~.
Nanami: The effects and filmmaking are really amazing, so it's worth watching at least once.
Mashiro: Umm, I-I'm not very good with scary things...
Tsukushi: Me neither...
Nanami: Fufu, don't worry, the movies aren't that scary.
Nanami: Oh, but maybe that other movie would be better since you haven't seen many horror movies. It's about a haunted mansion where every night, there are bloodcurdling screams...
Tsukushi: W-wah! It's okay! I don't need any recommendations!
Tsukushi: I get it! That's how you spend your time in the club room~!
Nanami: Yes, I spend most of my time there. Oh, but I sometimes do club activities outside the school too.
Nanami: Like visiting haunted places.
Mashiro & Tsukushi: H-haunted places?!
Nanami: One of the club members is really into that sort of thing.
Nanami: They sometimes come by and leave notes on any haunted places in the area.
Nanami: I'm actually on my way to check out one of the new locations they wrote about~.
Mashiro: Check it out... Huh? You're going to one of the haunted places?!
Tsukushi: I-it might be dangerous! I don't think it's actually haunted, but if it is...
Nanami: It would be more fun if it is.
Tsukushi: Don't you mean scary?!
Nanami: You think so? But I'm already here, so I might as well take a look~.
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Huh...?
Nanami: It's right around this corner. There's supposed to be a ghost.
Nanami: It doesn't feel like there's one right now, but maybe that'll change~. Isn't this so exciting~?
Mashiro & Tsukushi: I-I'm scared!!!


<Collecting Information>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Nanami: Hm, interesting...
Nanami: So this is what's popular this year... I should check out this store.
Marina: Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Marina: Fufu, hello. You seemed to be really into what you're reading. Oh... that magazine...
Nanami: Do you read this one, too, Marina-san?
Marina: Haha, that one's for high school students.
Marina: I'm afraid those days are long behind me, but I used to read it when I was in high school. Do you like magazines like that, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Hmm, not exactly.
Nanami: I'm not particularly interested in fashion.
Marina: Oh? You were so into it that I just assumed...
Nanami: I just wanted to see what's currently popular.
Nanami: I need to know so that I can keep up with what everyone's talking about~.
Marina: Ah, I remember going through that.
Marina: It's no fun not knowing what everyone's talking about~.
Nanami: Yes, exactly~.
Nanami: It also helps me learn what's considered normal~...
Marina: Huh? Normal...?
Nanami: Ah~, nothing. Nothing at all~.
Nanami: Anyway, now that I've memorized the contents of this magazine, I'll be able to keep up with everyone's conversations.
Nanami: I now have knowledge of the latest fashion, movies, as well as popular celebrities and musicians.
Nanami: Just ask me if there's anything you'd like to know.
Nanami: I can tell you everything, from when movies are coming to theaters to the latest album rankings.
Marina: Huh? Did you memorize the whole... magazine...?
Nanami: Yeah, why...?
Marina: It's just... I've never seen anyone cram the contents of a magazine as if it were for a test...
Nanami: Huh? U-um, did I say something... strange?
Marina: N-no, not exactly...
Nanami: Phew. That's a relief~.
Nanami: Oh, I didn't notice the time. I have to go now. Goodbye~.
