1224_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Our Secret

Gacha phrase: It's kind of nice to have a shared secret with so many people.

<Into a New World>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Downtown]

Nanami: Oh~, a frog figurine~.
Nanami: How cute~.
Lisa: Hm? Ah, Nanami! Heya~☆ What's up?
Nanami: Lisa-senpai, Moca-senpai! I'm on my way to go have some spicy fried chicken.
Moca: Spicy chicken... The one at Hagumi's?
Nanami: Yes, that one. I just have this sudden craving for it.
Nanami: It was so hard trying not to think about it during work. I couldn't get the red breading out of my mind.
Moca: I know the feeling~. I'm always thinking about Yamabuki Bakery's buns~.
Lisa: Is that why you were spacing out during work when I talked to you?
Moca: My humblest of apologies~. Me and my buns are inseperable~.
Lisa: Ahaha, you're so funny. Anyway, you had work today, Nanami?
Moca: I heard you only started recently. Have you gotten used to it yet~?
Nanami: Yes, thanks to everyone's help, I have! They've been so nice.
Nanami: It was as you and everyone said, Lisa-senpai. There are so many things I never would have found out about unless I tried. It's really fun.
Lisa: Huh, like?
Nanami: Let's see~... How customers are supposed to get their orders within a set time, and how employees can get a free meal for lunch and dinner!
Nanami: I never would've found out if I hadn't started working~.
Lisa: Fufu, just look at how bright-eyed you are. I used to be like that too when I first started out~.
Lisa: I went to convenience stores all the time, but I never really thought about what went on behind the scenes. And then I got to see what happens. It was a real eye-opener.
Moca: Fufufu, I see you have fallen prey to the allure of part-time work, Nanami-chin~.
Nanami: I really have~. And something great happened today too.
Nanami: There's this customer who comes to the restaurant often, and they actually remembered my name!
Lisa: I so know what you mean! Having a regular customer remember my name makes me happy too.
Lisa: Even a simple hello is enough to make me super excited.
Moca: Personally, nothing gets me more excited than break~. I do so enjoy having a nice chat with my fellow coworkers~.
Nanami: I do too. When you're working part-time, you get to meet people from all walks of life and hear so many interesting stories.
Nanami: During break today, a person who had the same shift gave me tips for hanging laundry~.
Lisa: Why laundry...?
Nanami: She's had forty years of experience as a homemaker, so she's always sharing little tidbits about ways to make everyday life easier~.
Lisa: Nice~. There's this one person I end up working with a lot, and they always give me snacks.
Moca: The one who tells you you need to keep up your strength because you're always looking after others~?
Lisa: Yeah. I don't really think I'm like that, but she seems to think I am.
Lisa: You often talk about bread, don't you, Moca?
Moca: Never in my wildest dreams did I expect to encounter someone at work who loves buns as much as me~.
Moca: The time we spend exchanging information about bakeries is pure heaven~.
Nanami: Being able to hang out together after work is fun too, isn't it~?
Nanami: I usually only go out and drink with Morfonica, so it's such a new experience.
Moca: I see, I see. Built upon one's experiences, one is. To your pursuits, always dedicate yourself~.
Nanami: I shall heed your words of wisdom~, Master Moca~.
Lisa: Yeah, you still haven't experienced everything there is about working.
Lisa: It's probably about time that you start noticing patterns at work.
Nanami: What do you mean by patterns?
Lisa: Like~, how you'll suddenly get a ton of customers even though everything has been so slow the whole time.
Moca: That one happens all the time~. The key to surviving the onslaught will be your ability to focus on your tasks.
Nanami: I haven't had that happen yet~. I can't wait.
Lisa: Another one is having to chase after a customer with something they've forgotten.
Nanami: Wow, I had no idea that could happen too.
Nanami: Thank you for the information! When it happens, I'll be sure to run as fast as I can~.
Nanami: Ah... It sounds like my stomach wants to be fed some spicy fried chicken~.
Moca: ... Oh? Hmm...
Lisa: Moca?
Moca: It seems my stomach is saying the same thing~.
Moca: Why don't we also go to Hagumi's place, Lisa-san~?
Lisa: Great~! I just got the urge to munch on some croquettes! Can we join you, Nanami?
Nanami: Of course! I'm so happy I get to pig out with both of you.
Moca: Let us heed the call of our stomachs then~.
Nanami: Yeah~!


<The Color of Us>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Mmm~, that was good~. It's nice to do lunch around the station every now and then.
Nanami: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Marina: Hi, Nanami-chan. On your way somewhere?
Nanami: Yes, I'm on my way to an art store. Are both of you in the middle of work?
Marina: Mm-hmm. Oh, but we're on lunch break right now.
Marina: By the way, there's going to be another event at CiRCLE. Do you think you girls might be interested in joining?
Nanami: Oh, you want us to join? Yay~!
Nanami: I'm sure they'll be so happy when I tell them I have an invitation from you~. I'll bring it up during our next practice.
Marina: Fufu, thanks. Just so you know, I've got high hopes because you girls did great the last time you performed.
Marina: You were also really into it. Your music sounded so joyful. Did something happen?
Nanami: Um, well~... It could be because something that used to bother me no longer does.
Marina: Something was bothering you?
Nanami: You see... I've had this secret that I've never been able to tell anyone.
Nanami: I always thought that people would leave me if they ever found out about it...
Nanami: But it was all in my head... Shiro-chan and the others didn't even bat an eye when my secret came out.
Marina: I see. I'm glad your worries were unfounded.
Nanami: It made me so happy. It was like everything before me lit up.
Nanami: I feel even more strongly than before that I've found a place where I belong, a place where people will accept me for who I am, no matter what...
Nanami: I'm so glad I joined Morfonica.
Marina: I see~. So that's why your music sounded so joyful~.
Marina: I'm so happy for you that you were able to share your secret with them.
Nanami: Yes!
Nanami: Ah, I'm sorry I've made you spend your lunch break chatting with me.
Marina: Don't worry, we still have more time.
Nanami: Fufu, that's good. Anyway, I should get going.
Marina: Happy shopping.
Nanami: Thank you very much. See you again at CiRCLE. Goodbye~.
