1313_Nanami Hiromachi_R3 A Moment of Youth

<Answers in a Song>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Downtown]

Nanami: Sigh.... What do I do now...?
Lisa: Oh? Nanami, hey there~☆
Moca: What's up, Nanami-chin?
Nanami: Ah, Lisa-senpai, Moca-senpai. Hi~. Did you guys just get off work?
Lisa: Yup, sure did~... Whoa. Nanami, you seem kinda down. Did something happen?
Nanami: Huh? How can you tell?
Lisa: Just a hunch. You don't seem as energetic as usual.
Lisa: Wanna talk about whatever it is with us?
Nanami: Lisa-senpai... I-I don't want to bother you, though~.
Moca: Hey, Nanami-chin. Have you tried Yamabuki Bakery's new curry bun yet? I hear it comes in no spice, extra-spicy, and super-extra-spicy~.
Nanami: Huh?
Moca: Moca-chan's tummy is so grumbly, she's gonna collapse~. So wanna go grab a bite to eat~?
Lisa: Good idea, Moca. I might give that bun a try, too~☆ So? Wanna tag along with us? If you decide to tell us about your troubles while we're eating, we're all ears.
Nanami: You guys... Thank you.
(Black cut)
Lisa: I see. So that's what's going on with Morfonica right now.
Nanami: Yeah. I never thought Rui-rui would quit...
Nanami: It's not just me either... We're all completely shell-shocked.
Nanami: I always just assumed that we'd all stick together as a band forever...
Moca: Nanami-chin...
Lisa: So what do you want to do now?
Nanami: I... Well, I obviously don't think our current situation is okay. But we haven't gotten a chance to talk with Rui-rui since that day...
Nanami: I just don't know what I'm supposed to do, or what I can do...
Lisa: Huh... It'd be nice if you could see Rui and find out how she feels.
Nanami: How Rui-rui feels...
Nanami: I wonder how Rui-rui felt while she wrote our new song...
Lisa: New song?
Nanami: Oh, yeah. Right up until she decided to quit, Rui-rui was working on a new song for us.
Nanami: That's partially why I assumed she was starting to have more fun playing with us...
Nanami: But maybe I was wrong...
Lisa: Nanami... Then what about looking at the song she wrote?
Nanami: What do you mean?
Lisa: Whatever Rui was feeling while she was writing that song might be packed into the song itself.
Lisa: I mean, she wrote it for Morfonica, right? She definitely would've been thinking about you guys while writing it.
Nanami: Rui-rui was thinking of us...
Moca: I totally get what Lisa-san's sayin'~.
Moca: When we're working on a new song for Afterglow, I've definitely had times when it's super easy to tell how Ran must've felt when she wrote it~.
Lisa: Right! It's the same for me and Roselia. I remember seeing a new song and thinking, "So this must be how Yukina wants me to play this~," or, "Oh, she must wanna spice this part up~."
Lisa: You can just feel that stuff, you know? Yukina's feelings for us are packed into each note written down on our scores.
Nanami: You're right...! It's the same for art. You can tell an artist's feelings from their work, too!
Moca: Yup yup, it's basically that~.
Lisa: That's why I think taking a look at your new song might be good~... I guess. Sorry, I know it's not super concrete advice.
Nanami: No, it's fantastic! I'll figure out how Rui-rui's feeling through her music!
Lisa: Then I'm glad to have been able to help~. Oh, but actually talking to her is still important, okay?
Moca: Once you catch her, you gotta make sure she doesn't run away until you get a good talk outta her, got it~?
Nanami: Yes! I will!
Nanami: Thank you so much for listening to me. I feel like I know what I've got to do now! I'm gonna go home and take a look at my score right now!
Lisa: You can always talk to me again whenever you need to, okay? I'll help you out however I can.
Moca: Yup yup~. Let's go out to eat again sometime~.
Nanami: Yes, please~. Ah, Moca-senpai. The super-spicy curry bread was really good. Please give it a try next time.
Moca: Okey-dokey~, I'll think about it~.
Lisa: Moca~? Will you actually, though~?
Moca: You got me~. That's Lisa-san for you, you always see right through me~.
Nanami: Fufu. Really, though, thank you guys so much! I'm going to get going! Bye!
Lisa: Take care.
Moca: Bye-bye~. See you later~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Well... Hopefully everything turns out okay.
Moca: Right~? But Nanami-chin looked a lot happier when she left. It'll probably all work out.
Lisa: Yup. Let's just believe that's what'll happen.
Moca: Still~, she's going through all that for her friend. Now that's what being a teenager is all about~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Both Good and Bad>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[Station Entrance]

Nanami: Hm~? Well, if it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hi there~♪
Marina: Hi, Nanami-chan. Are you headed out somewhere?
Nanami: You bet~. We're having a party to celebrate the contest we played in the other day.
Marina: Ah, the Blue Sky Band Contest, right? Sounds like you're all working really hard.
Nanami: Yeah, thank you~.
Marina: Why today, though? The contest was almost a week ago, wasn't it?
Nanami: Well, you see, Rui-rui was busy up until today...
Marina: Oh~! Rui-chan's coming, too! Ah, sorry. I was just a little surprised since Rui-chan doesn't seem like the type to party...
Nanami: Ahaha, don't worry. I totally get what you mean~.
Nanami: Rui-rui won't ever join in on stuff like this without a good reason, so we all tried super hard to convince her.
Marina: Fufu, I see. I can sort of imagine that.
Nanami: We all told her that we wanted to celebrate as the five of us. Especially this time...
Marina: I heard a little about that from Mashiro-chan. Sounds like a lot happened before your contest, huh?
Nanami: Yeah. So much happened that I thought Morfonica was nearly done for.
Nanami: Ah, but we all managed to work it out in the end, so we're all good now.
Marina: Oh, thank goodness. It sucks when you end up fighting with your friends, doesn't it?
Nanami: Yeah. But I don't think it was all bad. Some good came out of it, too.
Nanami: We got to finally hear how Shiro-chan and Rui-rui really felt about Morfonica, after all.
Nanami: I don't think they'd have ever told us if this whole thing never happened.
Marina: You might be right. I think that’s how bands grow, though. Through learning more about each other and how you all feel.
Nanami: Yeah. I bet we're gonna run into a lot more challenges in the future...
Nanami: But as long as we don't forget how we feel right now about our band... I think we'll be fine.
Marina: That's the spirit. You're looking really determined right now, Nanami-chan. We'll always be cheering for you, okay?
Nanami: Hehe, thank you very much. Ah, someone sent me a message.
Nanami: Ah~. Shiro-chan and the others already made it to where we agreed to meet. They're so early~.
Marina: Sounds like they're all really looking forward to your party.
Nanami: Fufu. Yup, I bet they are~. Well then, I've got to get going.
Marina: Okay. Have fun at your party!
Nanami: I will~! I'll have lots of fun~! Thanks for hearing me out today!
