1364_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Holding Hands Again

Gacha phrase: Shiro-chan, look! The ice is sparkling!

<Over the Wave of Light Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: All right, that should be enough practice for today! Thanks for the great job, everybody~!
Mashiro, Nanami & Rui: Thank you. Great job~.
Toko: I am, like, seriously tired~...! Don't you think we've been practicing way too hard lately?
Tsukushi: Not at all. If anything, we should be practicing more since our concert's only a month away!
Toko: Only? It's a whole month... Sigh~... I so need something fun to do~.
Nanami: Oh, I might be able to help with that~. I found something really nice the other day.
Toko: You did?! What is it, what is it?!
Nanami: Uh~... Found it. Take a look! I was thinking it'd be nice if we could all go together!
Mashiro, Toko & Tsukushi: Wow~!
Tsukushi: These light displays are so pretty! Is this an ice rink?
Nanami: Yeah! An outdoor one surrounded by gorgeous lights everywhere!
Toko: Nice find! It just screams Christmas! Consider me totally hyped!
Nanami: Right~? Doesn't this kind of thing get you super excited?
Nanami: I started thinking about how it's almost Christmas, and I ended up doing a lot of research~.
Nanami: And ever since I found these ice rink photos, I've been wondering when I could bring it up~.
Mashiro: It's very enchanting and beautiful. I'd love to go.
Tsukushi: Same here, so how about we all go after our concert?
Toko: What?! You mean, like, in a month? Christmas is gonna be over by then!
Tsukushi: But we need to practice and prepare...
Toko: Nah, we should go right now!
Tsukushi & Mashiro: N-now?!
Nanami: Oh~, I like that idea~! Let's go now~!
Tsukushi: W-wait! Isn't this a bit too sudden?
Toko: You got plans, Fusuke?
Tsukushi: Not really... But I mean, Rui-san seems to be in a hurry to leave.
Rui: I was simply getting ready to go home because practice is over.
Nanami: Hey, you should come too, Rui-rui!
Rui: Please go without me. I still have to work on writing our new song.
Toko: What's the rush? There's still plenty of time. You've been working hard enough as it is these days, so just think of it as a breather.
Rui: There is no time to waste.
Rui: Between an ice rink that one can visit at any time and a new song with a deadline, it does not take much thought to see which should be the higher priority.
Nanami: It's not an either-or issue. I say they're both important~.
Nanami: And the right amount of cardio's supposed to improve brain function and focus.
Nanami: It might help you work more efficiently and significantly improve the quality of our new song.
Rui: ... A sound argument.
Toko: All right~, looks like it's decided then! Let's hurry and clean up! You too, Fusuke, Shiro!
Tsukushi: Well... I suppose taking a break every now and then can't hurt!
Mashiro: Yes, I'm so excited.
Nanami: Hooray~! We're going out together~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Outdoor Ice Rink]

Nanami: Oh~! This looks even greater than I expected!
Tsukushi: Wow, it's like a theme park! You can see lights everywhere, even over there!
Mashiro: They're so beautiful...! Ah, all of their colors are reflecting off the ice too.
Toko: I know! Light displays really are the best winter photo spots!
Rui: I am more interested in finding where to go to borrow ice skates.
Toko: Huh, looks like we've got someone else who's eager to get started! Bet you can't wait to skate! No need to say it~!
Rui: Sigh... We have come to skate, have we not?
Mashiro: U-um... I think I'll just watch from here.
Tsukushi: What, why? We came all the way here.
Mashiro: Well, um... I've never skated before... It's kind of scary, and I don't want to slip and fall...
Nanami: If that's your reason, don't worry! We can hold hands and skate together! That way, you won't have anything to be afraid of!
Mashiro: I-it's okay! If we do that, you might fall when I do!
Toko: No biggie~, don't worry about it! Everyone falls!
Tsukushi: Yeah. It might be scary and hurt a little if you do, but you just have to get used to it!
Nanami: Ahaha, listen to Tsu-chan.
Nanami: Of course, I don't want to force you or anything... but I kind of am hoping we can all skate together, and it wouldn't be "we" without you, Shiro-chan.
Nanami: I just know it'll be more fun that way!
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...
Mashiro: ... Okay. I'll try skating!
Nanami: Fufu, then let's go borrow some skates!


<Over the Wave of Light Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Outdoor Ice Rink]

Toko: ... Done! You guys got your skates on yet~?
Nanami: Ready here~! I can go anytime~!
Tsukushi: A-all right, I'm going to do my best to skate well~...!
Rui: ... Futaba-san, you should probably hold on to the rails when you start.
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, let's skate together~.
Mashiro: A-are you really sure? I just know I'm going to fall.
Nanami: Seriously, it'll be fine~! It's my first time too!
Mashiro: What?! That doesn't sound fine at all...!
Nanami: Ahaha, maybe not. Let's go fall together then~.
Mashiro: Fufu, ahahaha. I've never heard anyone say something like that.
Nanami: Then today's full of firsts, huh~? Now, give me your hand. Let's join everyone!
Mashiro: Okay. Let's do our best!
(Black cut)
Mashiro: I want to go back...!
Nanami: Why? You're standing on the ice.
Mashiro: But I'm scared... And I don't know what to do from here.
Nanami: Ahaha, you have such a strong grip~.
Nanami: Don't worry. I've got your hand.
Mashiro: O-okay... I'm so sorry. My legs just won't do what I want them to.
Nanami: It's all right~. We can take our time! I saw Rui-rui's skating earlier, and it looks like the trick is to shift your weight from one foot to the other.
Mashiro: One foot to the other...? Okay... Um, right... left...
Nanami: Right~, left~... Oh~, we're making progress!
Mashiro: Yeah... W-we're moving forward... Hooray! We're skating!
Nanami: Ahh! Don't raise your arms so sud-
Mashiro: Ow... S-sorry! I just got so excited...
Nanami: Don't apologize, it's my- Hm?
Nanami: Shiro-chan, look! The ice is sparkling!
Mashiro: Wow...! All the lights are gliding along the ice...
Mashiro: It feels like we're riding waves of light and sailing along the Milky Way on a small boat...
Nanami: ...!
Nanami: Waves of light...
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan~, Mashiro-chan~! Are you okay?! I'm coming~!
Toko: Ahahaha! Fusuke, you're still holding on to the rail!
Rui: Are you both okay?
Nanami: Ah, we're fine! How nice of you to ask, Rui-rui~.
Mashiro: You just skated like a professional, Rui-san... You really can do anything, can't you...?
Rui: This is not the place to discuss such matters. You should get up so that we do not get in the way of other skaters.
Nanami: Right. Let's go over to where Tsu-chan is, Shiro-chan!
(Black cut)

[Break]

Toko: ... That was some spectacular fall, huh~?
Mashiro: I-I wish you wouldn't say it like that...
Tsukushi: Yeah! Both Mashiro-chan and Nanami-chan did their best.
Toko: No, I just meant it's part of the fun! Nice pictures and a great time! Things couldn't be any better!
Nanami: ...
Rui: Are you experiencing pain from when you fell, Hiromachi-san?
Nanami: Hm? No, not really... Why?
Rui: You would normally participate in these conversations, but you have not been doing so.
Nanami: Ah~, yeah. It's just...
Nanami: These light displays, the view when we fell, the crisp air, everyone's cheerful voices...
Nanami: It's all so beautiful.
Rui: ... I see.
Nanami: Yeah! I'm so glad the five of us got to come~!
Toko: Nanami~, Rui~! Let's go for one last round!
Nanami: Sure, coming~!
Tsukushi: All right~, I'm going to do my best to skate properly this time~!
Rui: It would be prudent to keep your enthusiasm in check, Futaba-san.
Mashiro: Um, Nanami-chan. I'm still a little scared, so... Do you think we could, maybe... skate together again...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Of course! All right, let's go~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
