1407_Nanami Hiromachi_R3 Sharing What We Love

<Nurtured Understanding>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Hm... What am I gonna do for a motif...?
Toko: Morning~!
Nanami: Whoa, this is new. You're the first one here, Toko-chan~.
Toko: You're right, no one's here yet! I ended up leaving home pretty early today~.
Nanami: Could it be... You're excited?
Toko: Of course I'm excited! TOCO's almost here!
Nanami: Fufu. I am too, actually.
Toko: So? What's the plan? Wanna start practicing first?
Nanami: Before that, could I talk to you for a second? It's about the design for the flyer. I figured it'd be a good idea to get the event organizer's opinion.
Toko: Design, huh~? I'm thinking... Like, "Bang!" "Wow!" That sorta feel!
Nanami: "Bang" and "wow," huh... Hm...
Nanami: So really eye-catching with a little bit of that surprise factor... Something with a lot of impact?
Toko: That's it! Yeah!
Nanami: Roger that~. Have any colors in mind?
Toko: Colors that really go, "Wham!"
Nanami: "Wham"... So saturated primary colors would be good?
Toko: Hm~? Primary colors? I'm thinking more like, when people first see the flyer, they'll react like, "Whoa, that looks awesome!" ...
Nanami: Awesome, huh~... Do you have any examples? Like a poster for some other event or something...
Toko: You bet! Hold on a sec, I've got 'em saved on my phone...
Toko: Here! See?
Nanami: Ah, so lots of pinks and purples. Real vivid colors~. Could you send me that picture?
Toko: Okay! There you... go!
Nanami: Thanks~. I think I should have a good idea of what to do now.
Nanami: You being so clear about what you want really makes my job easy~.
Toko: What, it's not that big of a deal, is it?
Nanami: I think you're actually pretty amazing~.
Toko: Really? I figure if there's something I want, I might as well say it.
Nanami: What I mean is, it's amazing how clear your image of what you want is in your head, Toko-chan~.
Toko: But if you're gonna say that, then doesn't that mean you're pretty amazing too, Nanami? You figured out what I wanted right away, after all.
Toko: I've had all sorts of meetings for events up until now, but no one's ever gotten me as fast as you did just now. They're always like, "You gotta be more specific~."
Nanami: I can see that. You do like to use your feelings to describe things a lot, which is kind of hard for others to understand.
Toko: You understood me perfectly though.
Nanami: Hm~. It's just a guess, but I figure that's because of how long we've been together.
Toko: True~. Lately, I've been feeling like I can totally read how you guys are feeling too! Except for Rui.
Nanami: You'll probably learn how to figure out what Rui-rui's thinking eventually.
Toko: Hm, I dunno~.
Nanami: Fufu, you will.
Nanami: Alright. How about we start practice? We've still got about half an hour until everyone else gets here.
Toko: You're all good with the flyer?
Nanami: Yup. I'll have a draft sketched up for you soon. We can talk about it once I get that done~.
Toko: Okay~! I can't wait to see it! With my ideas and your skills, this is gonna be the best flyer in the universe!
Nanami: Ooh, way to raise the bar.
Toko: I know you've got this! That's a 200% guarantee!
Nanami: ... Yeah. Thanks, Toko-chan.
Nanami: The best flyer in the universe... Look forward to it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Why She Has a Lot of Friends>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Nanami: Hello~.
Marina: Ah, Nanami-chan. Hi there!
Nanami: Do you still have any of the TOCO flyers we asked if we could leave here? If you do, I'll take them off your hands~.
Marina: Did you come here just for that? Sorry we didn't give them back to you sooner.
Nanami: Oh, it's no big deal. I had business nearby~.
Marina: I see. Well, thanks.
Marina: Hm? What's wrong, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: What?! There's still some posted in the lobby?! Oops~. Sorry, could you go take them down? Thanks.
Marina: As for the rest of them~... Here, this should be it.
Nanami: Oh, I heard we gave you a whole bunch, but there aren't many left.
Marina: Yeah! The flyers were so eye-catching that tons of people stopped to take one.
Nanami: Really? Ehehe...
Marina: I heard Toko-chan's friend designed them, right?
Nanami: Ah... Yup. That's right~.
Marina: They're so incredible I thought she'd hired a professional artist. I really like these a lot.
Marina: So much so that I want to ask this friend of hers to design flyers for our shows.
Nanami: Thank you. I bet Toko-chan's friend would be really happy to hear that.
Marina: Still though, including this friend of hers, Toko-chan certainly knows a lot of amazing people.
Nanami: She sure does~.
Nanami: Even the staff working at TOCO were her friends.
Nanami: And I don't mean just the ones for our concert, I mean including the fashion show models.
Marina: Wow! Her network really is huge.
Marina: But I think I understand why she has a lot of friends. I bet hanging out with Toko-chan is a lot of fun.
Nanami: Yeah~. Every day's a new adventure when Toko-chan's around.
Nanami: But I don't think that's the main reason she has so many friends.
Marina: Oh?
Nanami: Yeah. She's actually really good at encouraging people who're stuck or worried about stuff.
Nanami: Not that I think she realizes it~.
Marina: I see. But now that you mention it, I can totally see Toko-chan being good at that.
Nanami: She's sometimes misunderstood because she comes off way too blunt, but I like that part of her a lot.
Nanami: ... Ah, {{userName}}-san. Thank you for getting the rest of the flyers.
Nanami: Alright, I hope you'll let us leave some again when we do something in the future~. Thank you in advance~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
