1474_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Glistening Youthfulness

Gacha phrase: Fufu. I knew it. Being in a band really does feel... normal~.

<Life Can Be Bittersweet, But...>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Toko-chan's pretty late~.
Tsukushi: Well, there's not much point in just sitting here and waiting. Let's start practicing without her, shall we?
Rui: Yes. I see no reason to waste time.
Toko: And made it! Talk about close!
Tsukushi: No, it wasn't even an almost. We were just about to start without you.
Mashiro: Did something happen, Toko-chan?
Toko: Nah, not really! I was just messing with my phone, and I found this thing, you see~. Was so busy with it I completely lost track of time!
Tsukushi: Gosh! At least sound sorry!
Nanami: Hmm... This is CiRCLE's home page, isn't it?
Toko: Got it in one, Nanami! And this is what I want you all to check out! Here, the band intro section!
Mashiro: Ah... Is this Kasumi-san and everyone else...?
Tsukushi: There are pages for Pastel＊Palettes and Roselia too!
Nanami: Looks like all the bands that show up at CiRCLE a lot have a page, huh? Everyone looks so cool~.
Toko: Right?! Not only that, each page's supposed to have interviews and an encouraging message at the bottom! Doesn't that make you super curious?!
Tsukushi: W-well... Yeah, it does...
Toko: Right?! So... Let's all check them out together now!
Rui: Are you suggesting we cancel practice today? Then excuse me, I will be leaving.
Toko: Whoa, whoa, you just don't get it, Rui~. You know who's being interviewed, right? I'm telling you, you'd be totally missing out!
Nanami: It could be useful for learning how they prepare for concerts and practice~.
Toko: Yeah, that! I knew you'd understand, Nanami~.
Rui: ... I will admit Hiromachi-san has a point.
Mashiro: Y-yes... I'm curious too...
Toko: Then it's settled! Let's start with Poppin'Party's page...
(Black cut)

[After Some Time]

Rui: That should be the last of the band pages.
Toko: Man, Hello, Happy World!'s interview didn't make any sense to me! I'll have to ask Misaki-san later~.
Nanami: All those stories about the problems each band ran into during shows were really interesting~. I feel like I know everyone a little better now~.
Rui: The responses regarding improving musical skills contained information that could prove useful.
Tsukushi: And that last video! Man, everyone was so cool~...!
Mashiro: Yes. It kind of reminds me of the first time I saw them play.
Toko: Doesn't it make you wanna hurry and become CiRCLE regulars so we can get a section for us added too?
Nanami: Fufu. We'll have to come up with stuff to talk about for our interview then~.
Mashiro: Th-that's thinking a little too far ahead, I think...
Tsukushi: But there's nothing wrong with being prepared, either!
Rui: Preparing for mere possibilities does not seem like an efficient use of our time...
Toko: C'mon, quit with all that boring talk! I bet your interview's also definitely gonna be super dull~...
Nanami: Ahaha... Toko-chan, do you already know what you want to talk about?
Toko: Fun stuff, obviously! I really vibed with Afterglow's interview, you know? I wanna say stuff like they did!
Tsukushi: You just want to say something that sounds cool, don't you?!
Toko: Hey, I'm not gonna deny that! Fusuke, what do you wanna talk about then?
Tsukushi: Well~... I mean, I guess... There's lots of stuff! Lots! A-anyway, enough about me. What about you, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: M-me?! U-um... I guess I'd talk about the things we've struggled with since forming a band, maybe...
Toko: ... That sounds kinda really dark, don't you think?
Mashiro: Y-yes, but... Hmm... How do I put this...?
Nanami: Hmm~. I'm guessing you just want to tell it as it is, right? Shiro-chan.
Tsukushi: As it is...?
Nanami: Yeah. I mean, since starting this band, it hasn't been all fun and games~.
Toko: True... There's all the practicing, and all the parts I can't play even after all the practicing...
Tsukushi: And the fighting, and the awkwardness...
Mashiro: E-exactly... That's why I think it might be nice for people who feel bands are a lot of work and not fun... to see our interview and realize there are others who feel the same way they do...
Mashiro: And maybe that might encourage them a little bit... I hope... That's the kind of interview I want to give.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... That's a great idea!
Nanami: It might also make the interview sound more like us because it'd be coming from who we are now. We're not quite near the level where we can talk about the same stuff as other bands anyway~.
Toko: Mmm~.  Well, after hearing what Shiro had to say, I gotta admit it sounds pretty good! Alright, let's come up with everything that sucked!
Rui: ... Could we begin practice soon? We are all here, and quite some time has passed already.
Nanami: Ahaha. True, and we are all fired up. It might be a good idea to get some practice in now~.
Tsukushi: Then let's save this talk for after practice! Everyone ready?
Toko & Mashiro: Okay~!  Y-yeah!
Nanami: Life's about both the ups and downs, after all... Fufu. I knew it. Being in a band really does feel... normal~.


<Let's Walk Together>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Nanami: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi there~... Hm? What's up? You're both staring at your phones...
Marina: Ah, hi, Nanami-chan. You see, starting about three days ago, we've suddenly been getting a huge increase in the number of people visiting CiRCLE's website.
Marina: So we were sitting here wondering why. It's not like anything got changed...
Nanami: Ah, that's definitely because of Toko-chan~.
Marina: What do you mean?
Nanami: Toko-chan posted about it online to her followers. About how she was super touched by everyone's band interviews.
Marina: That would explain it... She's got a lot of followers, I believe. Fufu. I'm glad to hear she liked the interviews. Did you see them too, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: You bet I did~. They were all really great. Right after checking them out, we started practice, and we ended up feeling extra motivated.
Nanami: During our break, we even started chatting about what sorta stuff we'd want to talk about if we ever got an interview too.
Marina: Fufu, that sounds interesting. I'd like it if you could share what you came up with. For future reference, you know?
Nanami: Sure~. At first, we were talking about wanting to sound like the other bands, but then we decided that wouldn't really reflect who we are now.
Nanami: We've only just started, so it's not like we'd have guidance to offer the way everyone else did.
Marina: They did talk about that sort of stuff a lot, didn't they? So what would Morfonica's interview be like then?
Nanami: Well, you see~... Instead of trying to guide, we decided it'd be more fitting for it to be about walking alongside together.
Nanami: When the going gets tough, knowing there's someone out there experiencing similar things might encourage people to want to overcome those hurdles too~.
Marina: Walking alongside, huh? Fufu. I think that'd actually work great for an interview!
Nanami: We'd like to talk about what's fun, too, obviously. And I bet there's still lots of fun stuff out there we haven't experienced yet, so I'd like to hear about that from other bands as well~.
Marina: Yeah! Some sort of more casual discussion sort of thing could be interesting!
Marina: Fufu. It feels like we've come up with all sorts of new ideas after talking with you, Nanami-chan!
Nanami: Oh, really~? Glad to have helped.
Marina: If we decide to do another interview page, we'll make sure to contact you all, okay?
Nanami: Yes, please~. I'm sure everyone would be thrilled~.
