1532_Nanami Hiromachi_R3 Expert Mediator?

<Rainbow-Colored Youthful Days>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Café]

Toko: Sigh~, I feel so at home here~. Feels like it's been forever since we last came, don't you think?
Nanami: Yeah~. It's lately been practice, practice, practice because of our atelier show.
Toko: Tell me about it~. But at least all that practicing means there's no way it won't be awesome!
Nanami: Let's make sure of that~.
Toko: Oh yeah, take a look at this! Ta-dah! Rainbow Two~!
Nanami: Oh~, the rainbow smoothie. You were really into it for a while.
Nanami: But you said two, so is this a new version?
Toko: Yeah! It's part of their new summer drinks, and I knew I had to get it.
Toko: They went with hojicha tea flavor for whatever reason, though. Don't you think something refreshing like lemon tea makes more sense for summer?
Nanami: True, that would be more summery~.
Toko: Well, not complaining since it still tastes good!
Nanami: Stare~...
Toko: Hm? What?
Nanami: The colors~. It really is as seriously colorful as I remember it being.
Nanami: Brings back a lot of memories too. Remember how we all went to buy our instruments back when you were into Rainbow One?
Toko: We did?
Nanami: Yeah~. And we came to this café after getting them...
Nanami: I was so excited at the time because I never really hung out with friends after school back then.
Nanami: There was the new sensation of the weight and coldness of my bass... And I remember looking forward to the new things that were about to begin too~.
Toko: I so know what you mean! When I saw the guitar, I felt these zaps literally go through my whole body like electricity!
Toko: You know, we've been through so much since that day~, and we've done tons of shows as well!
Toko: There's the Tsukinomori Music Festival~, our CiRCLE gig~, and also TOCO~.
Nanami: Concerts are a lot of fun, huh? If I'd never joined Morfonica, I never would've experienced that feeling of becoming one with the whole audience.
Toko: I totally get what you mean! Ah~, I am so looking forward to our atelier show!
Nanami: By the way, it's probably about time we decide who to invite.
Toko: The fifteen-person limit makes it kinda tough~. I can't choose because there are so many people I wanna invite...
Toko: There's Sayo-san, Ran-san, Kaoru-san. And also O-Tae-san and Misaki-san... Ugh, people at school too... Wish I could just invite everyone~.
Nanami: If you do that, they won't fit in the atelier~.
Toko: What about you? Have you decided?
Nanami: Actually, I haven't~. I can't decide either.
Nanami: Moca-senpai, Rimi-rin-senpai, Arisa-senpai, Hagu-senpai, Hina-senpai... The list of people I want to invite just keeps growing when I think about it.
Nanami: Though in my case, the only reason I'm having trouble deciding who to invite is all thanks to the band~.
Toko: So true!
Nanami: I don't think each day would be as fun if I weren't in one.
Toko: You can bet your days are only gonna keep getting better! Just like Rainbow Two~.
Nanami: ...? Like Rainbow Two?
Toko: You know how they say life is like a rainbow♪
Nanami: I think you mean rosy~.
Nanami: But... Fufu. Rainbow, huh~?
Toko: Ah, message from Fusuke. Lemme see what she has to say~...
Toko: "Where are you? Just left school and planning to go to the record shop. Want to come?"
Nanami: Sounds fun~. We should go!
Toko: All right, I'll tell her to meet up here...! Message sent!
Nanami: (... I'm so glad I joined Morfonica.)
Nanami: (My world changed because I joined this band and met everyone...)
Nanami: (I hope my high school days will keep being as bright as a rainbow~.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Rui-rui's Feelings>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Thanks for helping organize all these papers. I know it wasn't easy~. Why don't we grab some drinks and take a break?
Nanami: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi~.
Marina: Hey, Nanami-chan. Out and about?
Nanami: Yeah, I passed by and thought I'd come say hello.
Marina: That's very sweet of you~. By the way, I heard all about it from Toko-chan.
Marina: She said the atelier show was a real hit.
Nanami: It really was~. Everyone was so eager to perform well in front of the people they invited.
Nanami: Even Rui-rui seemed more motivated than usual.
Marina: Really? Rui-chan? She invited Rinko-chan, right?
Marina: Maybe she wanted Rinko-chan to see her put on a good show.
Nanami: That's my theory too. After we were done, she looked so relieved when she saw Rin-rin-senpai clapping.
Nanami: Rin-rin-senpai's probably like an older sister figure that she looks up to.
Nanami: And that respect is probably what made her want to play well. That's the feeling I got from her music, at least.
Marina: Interesting. It shows how special playing in front of Rinko-chan is for Rui-chan.
Marina: By the way, I have to say I'm impressed by you~.
Nanami: ...? For...?
Marina: How well you seem to know Rui-chan.
Nanami: Ahaha, it's all just a guess though~.
Nanami: But I have a hunch I'm probably right.
Nanami: We're all part of Morfonica, after all.
Marina: Fufu, why not try asking her directly at some point?
Nanami: Well~, I doubt she'll give me a straight answer~.
Marina: ... Ah, just noticed the time. We should get back to the studio.
Nanami: I should get going too. Bye.
Marina: Got it. Come by again, okay?
Nanami: Will do! See you~.
