1586_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 I Can Do Anything

Gacha phrase: It felt kind of freeing.

<Nanami’s Art Exhibit of Youth>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Day After The River Trip]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro: What do you think is the matter with Nanami-chan? It's already time for practice...
Rui: It is rare for Hiromachi-san to not arrive on time.
Toko: Hm~, she sent us a message saying to go on ahead into the atelier, but...
Tsukushi: Hrm~...
Nanami: Pant, pant. S-sorry to keep you waiting~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan! Gosh~, what were you doing? We were worried that something might've happened to you.
Nanami: I'm sorry~. I thought I would make it, but I needed more time than expected...
Mashiro: Were you out somewhere? ... Huh? Is that a canvas?
Nanami: Yeah. I went to an art supply store to buy this and some paints.
Rui: Why would you choose this time to do so? You knew that today's practice would start in the morning, did you not?
Rui: You have an abundance of time after practice ends, so I believe that would have been the better option.
Nanami: That's true, but... I just couldn't help myself.
Nanami: I wanted to be able to sit down in front of a pure white canvas and start painting as soon as practice ended.
Toko: Whoa~. Nanami, you're painting again! What're you gonna paint this time?
Nanami: I don't have anything specific in mind, but I did decide on a theme.
Nanami: It's going to be our visit to the river yesterday! That trip was so much fun, it would be a waste to just leave it as a memory.
Tsukushi: Ah, I think I know what you mean. I wanted to talk about it with someone too, so I told my mother and little sisters all about it.
Toko: I so get that! When I told my grandma about it, she got mad at me for talking too long~.
Toko: Isn't that so mean? She was the one who asked me how it was.
Mashiro: I talked to my mom about it too. When I told her how I caught a fish, she was so surprised.
Mashiro: She praised me a lot, saying how I was amazing I was.
Toko: Ahem~. I'm guessing you didn't tell her about how you didn't want to touch the bait and were all, "I hate how it's so squishy~," did you~?
Mashiro: Huh?! O-of course I did.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, you looked away when you said that.
Rui: Indeed. I do not believe there are many people that would avert their gaze so completely.
Toko: Guess I'll have to tell your mom the truth. That you were crying and saying how you didn't want to touch the bait~!
Mashiro: I-I wasn't crying~.
Tsukushi: Fufu. We sure did lots of different things yesterday though.
Nanami: Yeah. It was so exciting being able to challenge ourselves.
Nanami: Not being able to use our phones was hard, but we did our best to think of our own solutions...
Nanami: I just can't forget how it felt when we succeeded.
Nanami: I'm hoping that... When the painting is finished, I should be able to recall that time whenever I want.
Mashiro: Will you show it to us when you're done?
Nanami: Of course~.
Toko: Well, at this rate, the atelier'll just get filled with your paintings over summer vacation, won't it?
Nanami: Huh?
Toko: You decided to make a painting because it'd be a waste to leave it as just a memory, right?
Toko: In that case, there's definitely gonna be a lot more! Because we're still gonna be going all sorts of places!
Toko: There's no doubt that you won't wanna leave them as just memories! So make sure you're ready for that, okay~?
Nanami: ... Okay!
Rui: It is time that we begin practicing. I would like to perfect our performance to an acceptable level today for our concert next week.
Toko: That'll happen even without you telling us!
Toko: After all, I've still got my wild side from yesterday raring to go!
Nanami: Me too~.
Tsukushi: ... Okay, preparations are finished! We're ready to go at any time.
Rui: Very well. First, let us play from start to finish as if this was an actual concert.
Nanami: Okay~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: (... Our summer vacation has only just started.)
Nanami: (Even just thinking about it for a little gives me idea after idea of things I want to do with everyone.)
Nanami: (Will we be able to do them all...?)
Nanami: (Just like I fill white canvases with different colors... I hope we can fill our summer vacation with lots of memories...)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Bring on the Concerts>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Thanks for your hard work, {{userName}}-san. I didn't think there would be that many documents that needed to be sorted.
Marina: We'll have to take care of them more often from now on~.
Nanami: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello~. Are you taking a break from work right now?
Marina: Nanami-chan! Yep, you guessed it. We were thinking of buying something to drink.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me. We heard from Toko-chan~. You all took a trip to a river the other day, huh?
Nanami: That's right! We enjoyed it so much.
Nanami: We swam in the stream, went fishing, and had a barbecue! I was able to make some fun memories.
Marina: Fufu, I can tell from your expression that you really had a lot of fun.
Marina: By the way, what brings you to CiRCLE today? I don't think you had a reservation to practice...
Nanami: I came to look at the event fliers. We decided to participate in a contest-style show.
Marina: What...? But you girls are going to be holding a lot of concerts here over your summer vacation, right?
Nanami: That's right. We're applying to other events as well~.
Marina: You're all so motivated~. It almost feels like it'll be a summer of concerts.
Nanami: Ahaha, it could be~. After all, all of us have awakened our wild sides~.
Marina: What...?
Nanami: Yes. It's like our newly gained power.
Marina: I-I see...
Nanami: Ever since we went to the river, we've had this strong desire to try anything, no matter what it might be~.
Nanami: We know that the more concerts we add, the harder we'll have to practice.
Nanami: But we want a lot of different people to hear our music. Or rather...
Nanami: We want them to know that we're Morfonica~!
Marina: Fufu. I don't know what happened, but it seems like your trip turned into a good motivator for you.
Marina: ... Ah, that reminds me. We just got event fliers from some other live houses.
Marina: There might be some events that you girls would be interested in, so I'll give them to you later.
Nanami: Yay~, thank you very much~.
Marina: You're welcome. Let's head over together. We're going to buy some drinks, so could you wait for a minute?
Nanami: Okay~.
