1637_Nanami Hiromachi_R3 My Spiciest Creation

<Be Careful of That Smile>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Goblin Town - Hiromachi's Touch of Spice]

Nanami: Fufufu, I never get tired of how the Rainbow Mushroom Cluster shines~. This is a rare and famous item in the world of Special Fantasy...!
Nanami: Out of all the items in my collection, this was the hardest to get~.
Nanami: Getting this Red Mushroom was especially troublesome... I never thought I'd find one all alone at the bottom of a cliff like that...
Nanami: ... Ah, it's almost noon! The Phantom Butterflies will visit the forest soon!
Nanami: You can only see them for five minutes, so I better hurry!
(Black cut)
Toko: Nanami, you here~? I've got some clothes I wanna make~. Help me gather some materials... Huh? I wonder if she's out.
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan. Look at that sign. It says, "I'm out at the moment. Please have a look at my treasured collection until I get back."
Toko: Oh~. I guess I'll wait a little, then. It looks like her collection has grown since the last time I was here.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan likes collecting things like this. She says she's going to find all the collectible items in the game.
Toko: Oh, yeah...? Ah!
Toko: Look at these mushrooms! They're so freaking shiny!
Mashiro: Oh wow, they are... I've never seen this here before either. Maybe it's an item she found recently.
Toko: Who knows. Man, isn't it a bit too shiny, though? It's blinding me! Here, you hold it too!
Mashiro: Maybe we shouldn't touch it without asking... What if you use it up by mistake...?
Toko: Quit your worrying! I think you're confusing me with y-
Toko: ... Ah, crud. I did the wrong action.
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan? Did you...
Mashiro: Ah, I knew it! You used the item! Your attack power is increasing.
Toko: Aww man~. I better apologize to Nanami.
Mashiro: ... I wonder if that will really be enough for her to forgive you.
Toko: It'll be fine. Nanami would forgive me!
Mashiro: But you know how hard she works to build her collections.
Mashiro: The other day she told me how she couldn't get an item in a snack prize series, so she checked at a ton of convenience stores because she just had to have it...
Mashiro: She'll probably be angrier than we've ever seen her...
Toko: No way~. You're overthinking things~. Your head really is filled with nothing but negative thoughts.
Mashiro: People like Nanami-chan are the scariest when they're upset. They smile, but their eyes don't look happy...
Mashiro: Even if she's smiling and says not to worry, she'll neeever forget what you've done.
Toko: Huh? What? That sounds absolutely terrifying...
Nanami: Hrm? What are you two doing~?
Mashiro & Toko: ...!!
Nanami: I just caught one of the very lovely Sunspot Butterflies~. They're said to be the second hardest series to collect after the Rainbow Mushroom Cluster.
Nanami: Ah, did you see my Rainbow Mushroom Cluster? I finally got all seven of... Hrm?
Nanami: The Red Mushroom is missing...
Mashiro & Toko: ...
Nanami: Hey, Toko-chan. Do you know why it's gone?
Toko: D-dunno. Shiro and I just got here, so~...
Mashiro: ... Weren't you going to apologize...?
Toko: ... I was, but after hearing what you said, I just...
Nanami: Oh~, okay. But Toko-chan, your attack stats have risen.
Nanami: When you use the Red Mushroom, your attack stats go up. Kind of a weird coincidence, isn't it~?
Toko: Y-yeah, really weird~. Ahaha...
Nanami: Fufufu...
Nanami: I had to go through a lot to get that Red Mushroom~. It was growing on the side of a super steep cliff.
Nanami: Getting there was a pain, and they say it takes forever to grow back.
Toko: No... I, um... How should I put it...?
Nanami: How should you put what?
Toko: ... I-I'm sorry! We really did use it by mistake...!
Mashiro: We?!
Nanami: Oh, I see~. So you made an oopsy and used it~...
Mashiro: N-no, wait... I...
Mashiro: ... I'm sorry.
Toko: Um... We'll find you another one. In one day! Just wait one day...!
Nanami: ... Can you really get it in a day?
Toko: It can definitely be done! No way we're gonna fail! Right, Shiro?! Right?!
Mashiro: Y-yeah! I think we probably can...!
Toko: You're supposed to say we "absolutely" can! C'mon, let's go!
Mashiro: Ohh... Why did I get pulled into this...?
Nanami: ... Fufu, maybe I overdid it a bit~?
Nanami: Well, while I'm waiting, I'll go collect the rest of the Sunspot Butterflies.
Nanami: I'll have to show those two when I get back.


<Finding the Ultimate Spiciness>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Nanami: Hmm~...
Marina: Hrm? Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi. What are you doing?
Marina: Hi. We're taking a little break and were thinking of getting a drink at the café.
Marina: How about you? It looks like you have a lot of spicy food on the table...
Nanami: Fu fu fu. Actually, I'm in the middle of finding the ultimate spicy flavor.
Marina: The ultimate spicy flavor...?
Nanami: Yes~. There was a spicy flavor in a game that I couldn't try, but I'm dying to find something like it.
Marina: Game...? Do you mean Special Fantasy? Morfonica played it together, right? Tsukushi-chan told me about it.
Nanami: That's right! I should've guessed you'd know. You're always quick to hear the latest happenings~.
Nanami: In Special Fantasy, I had a skill that let me make food spicy.
Marina: You had the ability to spice up food? ... That's a pretty unique power.
Nanami: It was the perfect skill for me~. Actually, I made all sorts of food spicy while I was in the game...
Nanami: It all looked sooo good! I still can't forget that mouthwatering red color...
Marina: Oh? So you're looking for something close to the spicy food you made in the game... Right?
Nanami: Yes! I wanted to find something that tasted close to that color, so I ordered foods online from all over the world that are said to be extremely hot!
Marina: Wow, I can't believe you went through all that trouble.
Nanami: My love for spicy food knows no boundaries~.
Marina: Fufu, I see. So, which one of these foods do you think is the most similar to that spiciness?
Nanami: That's surprisingly difficult~. It was so spicy that the characters in the game pass out in agony the moment they took a bite.
Nanami: But out of these, I think this Holy Hellfire Bread might look the most like that color.
Marina: Whoa, it's bright red. I think just touching it would make your hand hurt...
Nanami: Just looking at it makes me shiver with excitement~.
Marina: I'm not sure if I'm excited, but I might be a little curious. It may not look it, but I actually like spicy food too.
Nanami: Really?! I am so thrilled to meet another spicy food lover here!
Nanami: I know! In that case, why don't you try a little? Let's experience that spice together~.
Marina: Are you sure that's okay?
Nanami: Of course it is! Here, have some. Don't hesitate to enjoy a bite or two~.
Marina: If you insist... then I guess I'll try a bit... Let's see how it is!
Marina: ...!!
Nanami: H-hrm...?
Marina: W-water... I need water... Crash...
Nanami: ... Marina-san? Oh my gosh, hang in there~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
