1683_Nanami Hiromachi_R2 ♡ For You

<Special Sets Completionist>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Candy Store]

Nanami: Sigh... I already have this one... The next one is~... the same one again~...
Nanami: Excuse me. Please give me five more~.
Arisa: Ah, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Ah, Arisa-senpai. Hello~.
Arisa: Hello. Thanks for the chocolates you gave me the other day. The caricatures drawn on them were really cute.
Nanami: I'm glad you liked them~. Are you also here to buy something?
Arisa: I've got practice in my basement after this, so I came to buy snacks for when we take a break. What about you?
Nanami: There's a snack prize that I really want, so I'm visiting different convenience stores and candy stores~.
Arisa: Ahaha. So you're still collecting prizes like always... Wait. Does that mean all the ones in that bag are...
Nanami: That's right~. They're snacks that come with prizes that I bought at this store.
Arisa: What? Don't you have like ten of them?!
Nanami: Arisa-senpai, you guessed right~. I just bought another five, so now I have fifteen. I seem to be having trouble getting the prize I want...
Arisa: I-I see... What kind of prizes are you collecting now?
Nanami: The limited Valentine's Day version of Chompion Quest~.
Arisa: Isn't that... the snack series you talked about before with the samurai Chompion and Riceboy...?
Nanami: That's right~. I'm impressed you remembered.
Arisa: That's because I was shocked when you explained it previously... So there was a Valentine's Day version for it.
Nanami: That's right. One special prize was added just for Valentine's Day... As a prize collector, I just have to get my hands on one~.
Nanami: But I've eaten ten of them already and still haven't gotten one~...
Arisa: I-I'm pretty sure that's eating too much... Wouldn't it be okay to just see what prize you got and then eat the snack later?
Nanami: I can't do that~. Once you buy a snack, you have to eat it right then and there. That's the etiquette for collectors.
Arisa: I-I didn't know there was an etiquette like that...
Nanami: Well, these snacks are fairly tasty, so it's okay~. Now then, I have to eat another five.
Arisa: You sure are persistent... But if you can say the snacks are that good after eating so many, I might be interested a little...
Arisa: Maybe I'll try buying one too.
Nanami: Oh, please do~. Let's master the way of the collector together!
Arisa: Nah, I'll pass on that... Excuse me, I'll take this, please~.
(Black cut)
Arisa: Well, I bought it... Now that I look at it, there sure are a lot of varieties of prizes.
Arisa: Ah, Nanami-chan. Is the limited Valentine's Day Chompion you wanted this one drawn here on the box?
Nanami: Yeah, that's it. The one with Chompion sumo wrestling with a chocolate star is the limited edition prize~.
Arisa: So there are twenty other prize versions... Definitely seems like you'd have a fairly low chance of getting the limited edition version out of all of these.
Arisa: Well, anyway, I guess I'll open it.
Arisa: ... Hm? Is this...
Nanami: Ahh! That's it! That's the limited edition prize! That's so amazing that you would get it on one try~!
Arisa: Seriously...?
Nanami: I haven't gotten one even though I've bought those snacks several times now... You're so lucky, Arisa-senpai.
Arisa: It was just a coincidence. Anyway... here. You can have it.
Nanami: What...?! Are you sure...?
Arisa: Of course. I'm not collecting them, and I think Chompion would be happier if you had him.
Nanami: Arisa-senpai... Thank you very much~!
Nanami: I'll lovingly add it to my line of Chompion prizes! Fufu, I can't wait to go home and put it on display.
Arisa: If it makes you happy, I'm glad to have done it.
Nanami: I'll never forget this kindness as long as I live~. Now that I've got the complete Chompion Quest prize set, I'll have to collect the Eerie Island prize set next~.
Arisa: Eerie Island... That's the series with creepy yokai, isn't it...?
Nanami: That's the one. There are even more candies that have expanded their prize line with limited edition Valentine's Day sets~.
Arisa: I-I see... Good luck collecting them.
Nanami: Thank you! I'll definitely get complete sets for all of them!


<Teenage Special Flavor>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Nanami: Hmm, which drink should I have today~?
Nanami: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Marina: Hello to you, too, Nanami-chan. What're you doing?
Nanami: I happened to pass by, so I thought I'd stop and have something to drink. Do you have any recommendations?
Marina: I think I'd go with the limited Valentine's Day hot chocolate. It's got a lot of whipped cream and was really good.
Nanami: That does sound good~. I'll try that.
Marina: Ah, by the way. I heard Morfonica had a Valentine's Day party.
Nanami: That's right~. It was so much fun that I get excited just thinking about it now~.
Nanami: We made chocolates together and then exchanged them. It really felt like something teenagers would do!
Marina: That certainly is exciting. Seeing what kind of chocolates your friends bring would be one of the enjoyments of it.
Nanami: I know what you mean~. We had different kinds of chocolates during our party, and just looking at all of them made me enjoy myself.
Nanami: Tsu-chan's chocolate gateau was like the cakes you'd find in a store. Shiro-chan's chocolates were modeled after her favorite character, and they were just so cute...
Nanami: The lollipop chocolates Toko-chan made were colorful and sparkly! And Rui-rui made chocolates based on each of our preferences~.
Marina: Fufu. You sure had a wide variety of chocolates.
Marina: I'm sure you all were thinking of the giftees as you put all your effort into making your chocolates.
Nanami: Yeah. Everyone's feelings could be felt from every chocolate, which made me so happy~.
Marina: Hearing you excitedly talk about it put me in a fun mood too.
Marina: Thanks for that, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Not at all. Thank you for listening to what I had to say~.
Marina: Well, take your time enjoying the special menu item.
Nanami: Okay. Excuse me~. I'd like this limited Valentine's Day menu item, please~.
