1746_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Forbidden Everyday

Gacha phrase: I may have changed.

<Though They Can’t Be Submitted>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Courtyard]

Mashiro: This tea is really good...
Nanami: I'm glad you like it~. It uses tea leaves from a long-established tea brand in France.
Mashiro: It's from France...? Then are these sweets also...
Tsukushi: They're cakes from a famous patissier, right? I saw them in a magazine before, so I wanted to try them at least once~!
Mashiro: Wow...! Is it okay for us to have something that amazing...?
Toko: You sure do sweat the small stuff, don’tcha, Shiro? If it wasn't okay, she wouldn't have served them to us in the first place.
Tsukushi: Why not just think of it as our reward for successfully compiling our list of what was good about having a band?
Rui: Might I briefly speak to all of you about that? I would like to share all the ideas with you, just in case.
Mashiro: ... So everything written here is what we said was good about having a band...
Nanami: We were so immersed in giving opinions before, but we came up with so many~.
Rui: I will select the most useful entries from this selection and compile them as a document to submit to the board of directors and student council.
Tsukushi: There are lots of different opinions, so it'll be hard to compile all of them, right? If you'd like, I'll help.
Mashiro: S-so will I... I'd feel bad leaving everything to you...
Rui: I will finish this amount in a short amount of time.
Nanami: This is... Rui-rui's, and this one is Toko-chan's... Fufu.
Toko: Nanami, what're you grinning about?
Nanami: I was just thinking about how so many things have changed because we started our band~.
Nanami: And what's more, they're all positive, right? That just makes me so happy~.
Toko: Ahaha. You're so over the top, Nanami~.
Toko: I'm making ten million steps forward every day! Everything written here is just a portion of that.
Nanami: Let's see, what did you write...?
Nanami: "We all started going to restaurants together." "We all started having lunch together at recess."
Nanami: "We take photos together after concerts. (Just so you know, we look even better after concerts!)"
Toko: That's right! After shows, we've already gone wild, yet we look way better somehow~. Is that one of the seven mysteries of being in a band?
Tsukushi: Ohh! There aren't any seven mysteries like that~!
Nanami: Having lunch together or taking pictures after concerts is normal, but knowing we've become so close makes me really happy~.
Mashiro: Me too... The fact that we have more things we can do together is such a delight.
Toko: I know, right?! Rui, you can use that.
Rui: I cannot include that in the document.
Toko: Why not?!
Rui: Because it is nothing more than a personal opinion. It is not in line with "your spark will light the way," the school motto.
Toko: It's totally in line with it! Shiro, Fusuke, you think so too, right?
Mashiro: U-umm... I think it'd be okay if we added it...
Tsukushi: If we're going to convince the chairwoman, we may want to do what Rui-san says and use something that shows clear changes rather than something sentimental.
Toko: Then, should we prove we look better after concerts by showing some before and after shots?
Tsukushi: Ohh~, that's not what I mean!
Mashiro: Fufu...!
Nanami: ... Hey, Rui-rui. Would it be okay for me to add one opinion?
Rui: What might that be?
Nanami: "We're spending important times together." ... That makes me most happy, and it's something I longed for.
Nanami: This obviously applies to us all doing band practice and eating lunch together...
Nanami: But even when I look at the fret I feel from small quarrels, that's something I feel because we're together, right?
Nanami: Those are all things I've gotten from all of you. So I want to treasure them.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan...
Rui: ... I doubt I will be able to add those words to the document either.
Nanami: Because it's nothing more than a personal opinion?
Rui: Yes. It is the same as what Kirigaya-san previously stated.
Nanami: I see~. That's too bad.
Mashiro: Even if we can't add it to the document, I'm glad I got to hear how you feel, Nanami-chan...
Tsukushi: Yeah! I want to treasure the important time we spend together, too.
Toko: If you're fine with that, then okay. Rui, you're so stubborn. That or cold~.
Rui: I merely said that we cannot add it to the document.
Toko: Then add it to these opinions right here.
Tsukushi: Rui-san, could I add my opinion too?
Mashiro: Um, I also have something I thought of, but would that be okay...?
Rui: I do not mind. It is better to have many opinions.
Nanami: ... Fufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<To Continue the Band>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[CiRCLE Café]

Nanami: So much happened in this last year... Fufu...
Marina: Hey there, Nanami-chan. You look like you're having fun.
Nanami: Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. Hello. Listen to this. I had something pretty delightful happen to me~.
Marina: What was it?
Nanami: Actually, a lot happened before the delightful part... So I'll tell you about that first.
Nanami: Not too long ago, Tsukinomori's chairperson changed, and since then, the school rules have become stricter.
Marina: Now that you mention that, I might've heard about that from Rui-chan. Things were hard for you, weren't they?
Nanami: Out-of-school activities were also restricted, and we were in a situation where we thought Morfonica's survival was under threat...
Nanami: We brainstormed different ways for what was great about us being in a band so that our band activities would get approved as being appropriate for Tsukinomori students.
Nanami: Because of that, we managed to get our activities approved. I was looking through the compilation of those opinions just now~.
Marina: So you can do your band activities again because you all worked together.
Nanami: Yeah. Everyone had the same thought in mind. "I want to continue the band." That's why we were able to work so hard~.
Nanami: And that's not all. Rediscovering that everyone was moving forward by being in the band made me happy...
Nanami: Looking back on it, I couldn't help but grin~.
Marina: I know how you might feel. Being in a band where everyone feels the same way is so delightful!
Marina: Also, being able to go forward while everyone feels the same way isn't common, so I think that's a really wonderful thing.
Nanami: That's right! Getting to find out how everyone feels again made me so happy~...
Nanami: But... if it had been previously, I don't think any voluntary actions would've been taken to get our activities approved.
Marina: Are you talking about yourself?
Nanami: Yeah. I mean, that would make me stand out, wouldn't it?
Nanami: But this time around, I didn't think about that at all. I just acted with the thought of wanting to do something.
Nanami: I'm sure that just shows how important the band and everyone who changed me are to me.
Marina: It'd be great if your activities helped spread the word about how wonderful bands can be.
Nanami: Right~. I'd be so glad if we could tell everyone how nice it is to have friends you can work towards the same goal with~.
Marina: I'm sure you all will be able to do just that. I'm rooting for you!
Nanami: Fufu. Thank you very much.
