1802_Nanami Hiromachi_R5 What I Want to Tell You

Gacha phrase: You've done your best every day, Shiro-chan.

<Proof of Change>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: For the accessories to go with the outfits, I wanna go with something like this~.
Nanami: I see~. That seems good to me.
Toko: Right?! That's my Nanami. You totally get it~!
Toko: So, it might turn into an elaborate design, but can you pull off something like this?
Nanami: I think it'll be okay. Plus, there's time until the show.
Toko: Really?! Then, when I have my idea worked out a bit more, I'll shoot you a message!
Nanami: Okay. If I think of anything, I'll send you one, too.
Toko: I'm counting on ya! Oh man~. I knew explaining this in person would make things easier!
Nanami: Fufu. You came over so suddenly, I was surprised~.
Toko: Well, y'know. When I passed your house, I suddenly had a god-tier idea~!
Toko: I thought I'd explain in a message, but if you were in the atelier, I figured I'd come right in!
Toko: Ah, by the way, what were you doing?
Nanami: I thought of a motif I wanted to paint, so I was painting a picture~.
Toko: Huh~. Can I take a peek to see what it's like?
Nanami: I'm still in the middle of painting it, but... well, why not? Here, this is what it's like~.
Toko: Hmm. I see, I see...
Toko: I don't really get it!
Nanami: Ahaha. You don't, huh~?
Toko: But I think I might like it! Is it one of those abstract paintings?
Nanami: Yeah, it is. The seasons are changing now, right?
Nanami: Seeing the leaves on my way to school starting to change colors kind of made me want to paint~.
Toko: Huh~. The color changing of the leaves. That's kinda cool, like something an artist would do!
Nanami: It's nothing as impressive as that, though~.
Nanami: ... Fufu.
Toko: ...?
Nanami: It's nothing. I was just thinking about how I'm showing my paintings to someone again~.
Nanami: Until a while ago, I was so scared to show the real me...
Nanami: I owe it to all of you... Thanks again.
Toko: You're welcome! But what's with the sudden gratitude? I'm totally down for being thanked, though.
Nanami: I guess you could say that I've been rethinking things lately. I mean, there's the issue with the chairwoman, so we're going through a hard period now, right?
Toko: Yeah, seriously! Everyone's so scared of the chairwoman, our talks aren't fun at all...
Nanami: I understand that the chairwoman has her own ideas, but everyone being intimidated because of that is also true.
Nanami: I'm sure that if Morfonica didn't exist, I would've felt the same way.
Nanami: That's why I'm glad I have you and the others...
Nanami: I'm hoping people will keep looking at my paintings like this and peaceful days like that will continue~.
Toko: Ahh, right! But Nanami, you might have one thing wrong~!
Nanami: Huh?
Toko: Once we put on a super cool concert at the Tsukinomori Music Festival, we'll get so popular that things won't be calm anymore!
Toko: We'll probably get tons of requests to perform in concerts and get interviewed for magazines!
Toko: Who knows? We might even get an offer to appear on TV!
Nanami: Ahaha. I see~. Well, that might not be too bad as long as we're together.
Toko: ... So, with that said, Nanami! We've gotta get ready for how busy we'll be!
Toko: Show me your painting again once it's finished! When I see your paintings, it feels like I'm gonna have a good idea.
Nanami: Of course!
Nanami: Huh? Was that your phone?
Toko: Crud. I was supposed to meet someone!
Toko: Thanks for today, Nanami. See ya!
Nanami: Okay~. See you~... Alright. That gave me some energy, so I guess I'll work harder for a little longer~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What Let Me Change...>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Phew. I think this is all the things we have to buy. Why don't we buy something for lunch and head back? ... Huh?
Nanami: Ah. Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello~.
Marina: Hey there, Nanami-chan. Are you buying something?
Nanami: Yeah. The GBT's over, so I'm looking around at the things I've been curious about.
Marina: I see, I see. We also heard about that from Mashiro-chan. It's a shame it turned out the way it did, but you did good.
Nanami: Thank you very much. While we were performing, we thought we might make it, but Afterglow's performance was just so amazing...
Nanami: But I think we put forth everything we can do right now.
Marina: That's good, then. Results are important, of course, but being able to think like that is best. Make sure you rest up for your next concert.
Nanami: I will. I bought what I wanted, so I'll relax for today and work hard again starting tomorrow.
Marina: Mhm. By the way, what is it you wanted to buy...?
Nanami: It's so good of you to ask. Ta-dah! It's a magazine of trendy spots.
Nanami: I'll be going to Shibuya with everyone in Morfonica next time, so I'm preparing for that~.
Nanami: Shiro-chan's been going through a lot at school, so we went to Shibuya to cheer her up~.
Marina: So it was school stuff... Speaking of which, the head of the school changed, right?
Nanami: That's right. The hustle and bustle from that time is gone, but things still feel as strict as usual~.
Nanami: Toko-chan's been vehemently protesting. She's even making a presentation to try to persuade the chairwoman~.
Marina: A presentation, huh...? That's just what I would expect from her drive.
Nanami: Yeah, really~.
Nanami: But it's not just Toko-chan. Even Shiro-chan is motivating herself for our next concert~.
Marina: If I recall, you're participating in the Tsukinomori Music Festival, right?
Nanami: That's right~. Our new student council president, Rui-rui, and Tsu-chan are getting just as motivated.
Nanami: We're all working hard for our goal of the Tsukinomori Music Festival~.
Nanami: Even though the GBT is over, we have a new goal. That reminded me of how happy I am that I can go forward with Morfonica.
Marina: Mhm. I understand how you feel. It's so nice having friends you can move forward with, isn't it?
Nanami: Shiro-chan said that she was able to change after enrolling at Tsukinomori, so she wants to give back to the school.
Nanami: For me, that's Morfonica.
Nanami: I've gotten so much from everyone in Morfonica, so...
Nanami: I hope to give something back to them as we do our best for the Tsukinomori Music Festival~.
Marina: You want to give back to everyone in the band, huh? Fufu. I think that's a lovely reason.
Nanami: Thank you very much! I kind of talked a lot, didn't I? Sorry about that~.
Marina: Not at all. I'm glad we got to talk to you about everything. I hope you'll have a good concert at the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Nanami: Yeah! I'll do my best~.
