1866_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Youthful Christmas Eve

Gacha phrase: I'm sure something very special is going to happen tomorrow~.

<White Photograph>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Nanami: I'm glad we could buy a cake~♪ The pastry chef made a really nice one for us.
Toko: They sure did! Christmas is all about the cakes, am I right? Fusuke and Shiro are gonna cry tears of joy when they see this~!
Nanami: I bet. This cake is from a popular cake shop, so I'm sure they'll... Ah...
Toko: What's up? Nanami?
Nanami: Hey, there are Christmas lights of Santa Claus with reindeer on those plants~! That's so cute~!
Nanami: Ah, there are elves by the reindeer too~. It looks like they're helping load presents on Santa's sleigh.
Rui: It appears to be the cake shop's Christmas lights.
Toko: Santa's sure carrying a big load on his sleigh. He must be crazy busy on Christmas.
Nanami: Fufu, I think he is~. Good luck giving out all those presents, Santa~.
Rui: We should get going. If we stay out any later, Futaba-san and Kurata-san will start to worry about us.
Nanami: Ah, would you two wait for just a minute?
Nanami: Since we're here, I'd like to take a picture of this Santa~. Okay~, I just need to get it all in view...
(White cut)
Nanami: Huh? I can't get a good picture of it... I even turned the flash off...
Nanami: I'll try one more time...
(White cut)
Nanami: Ah, still no good... Ohh~, what am I doing wrong~?
Toko: Lemme see your phone. I'll change the camera settings to this and let the Christmas lights light up the picture...
(White cut)
Toko: How's that?!
Nanami: Wow~, that's perfect! I can't believe you could get such a nice picture. You really are good at that♪
Toko: Well, you know~, that's just my thing. If you wanna take a sweet pic, then I'm your girl~!
Rui: Why are you taking pictures? Christmas lights are not that unusual this time of year.
Nanami: I know~, but I want to remember this.
Rui: You do?
Nanami: Yes! Because going out to buy a cake with your friends is just the kind of thing teens would do~.
Nanami: Plus, this is the first time the five of us are having a Christmas party at Tsu-chan's house. I want to take lots of pictures so I can remember this.
Rui: Perhaps you are right.
Toko: Nanami~, good thinking! All right, then let's get a selfie of the three of us in front of the Christmas lights!
Toko: It'll be a pic to remember us going to pick up the Christmas cake☆
Nanami: Wow! Nice idea, Toko-chan!
Nanami: Ah, but... I don't want to be in the middle, so I'll take a spot on the side~.
Toko: Then, I'll be in the middle! Rui, come closer.
Rui: ... Okay. How is this?
Toko: Great, now we're all in the picture. Ready~? Yay~☆
Nanami: Yay~!
(White cut)
Nanami: Ehehe. Thanks, guys~.
Toko: Anytime!
Toko: Ugh~, it's cold! It's freezing out here! Let's get back to Fusuke's quick!
Rui: It has become windy... Hiromachi-san, are we finished taking pictures?
Nanami: Yep, all done! Let's take one of all of us when we get to Tsu-chan's house.
Toko: Oh, that's a given~! We're gonna take a million awesome pics together!
Nanami: Great! All right~, let's hurry back.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Night of Miracles>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[Downtown]

Nanami: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~♪
Marina: Nanami-chan, hi. Are you out shopping?
Nanami: Yes! I'm on my way to a music shop~. I'm looking for a cute pick that feels just right in my hand~.
Nanami: Heh heh heh, and I'm not going home until I find one~. Who knows how long my journey to find the ultimate pick will last~.
Marina: Fufu, I hope you find one you like.
Marina: You know, you seem in even a better mood than usual... Did something nice happen?
Nanami: Ah, you can tell? Well, I had a Christmas party the other day~!
Nanami: Having a Christmas party with my friends felt like such a teen thing to do!
Marina: I had a lot of those when I was in college~. I wonder why cake tastes so much better when you eat it with your friends.
Nanami: I know! It should taste the same as any other time you eat it. But for some reason, it tastes a hundred times better~.
Nanami: And this Christmas was really special because I went to two parties in one day!
Marina: Really? Two parties?
Nanami: Yes! Toko-chan held a party on a ship, and Morfonica had a party at Tsu-chan's house.
Nanami: Here, take a look at these pictures~.
Marina: Oh wow, these are amazing...! Are these from the party on the ship? You all really picked such a gorgeous place to have it.
Nanami: I was super excited. It was so pretty. The whole place looked like a movie set.
Nanami: Ah, these are pictures from the party at Tsu-chan's house~!
Marina: Oh wow, are these little ones with you Tsukushi-chan's sisters?
Nanami: Yes! That's Aoi-chan, and that's Kaori-chan!
Marina: They both look exactly like Tsukushi-chan~. Ah, these are pictures of everyone eating cake.
Marina: Fufu, you all look like you're having fun in these pictures. You look so happy, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: I was! I was having so much fun that I couldn't stop smiling~.
Nanami: They say miracles can happen on Christmas. But that night, it really felt like one did.
Marina: Really? Why's that?
Nanami: Well... Tsu-chan was the only one who couldn't come to the ship. She had family stuff to take care of, so I thought she'd have to miss out on this year's Christmas party...
Nanami: But Shiro-chan suggested we all go to Tsu-chan's house after we left the ship.
Nanami: If Shiro-chan hadn't said that then I don't think we would've had a Christmas party at Tsu-chan's house... So, it felt like a Christmas miracle to me~.
Marina: I see. So, I guess that Christmas miracle was thanks to Mashiro-chan.
Nanami: It was~! That party was so much fun... I hope we spend Christmas together next year too.
Marina: Fufu, I have a good feeling you will. It'll be nice if you can enjoy another Christmas together again.
Nanami: Me too! ... Ah, I'm sorry. I've just been going on and on about this.
Nanami: Thank you for listening! See you later~.
