1890_Nanami Hiromachi_R5 Cold Winter Sea

Gacha phrase: Okay, let's go to the edge of the surf!

<Where to Go This Winter Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Oh, that was pretty good just now, right?!
Tsukushi: Yes, it's totally perfect now!
Mashiro: My voice is coming out maybe because my body has warmed up after some practice.
Rui: It’s getting cold recently even during the day. It may have some influence on our singing and performance.
Toko: It sure does! My hands get stiff when it's cold and I can't play well.
Nanami: I know what you mean! The fingertips may hurt a bit as well~
Nanami: And… I somehow get the feeling that instruments sound a bit different in a cold weather, don’t you think?
Tsukushi: The instruments…?
Nanami: Right, it feels like the sounds are clearer in the winter.
Mashiro: I think I get that one. If the summer is about a big, blue sky, the winter gives a feeling of a cold lake.
Nanami: A cold lake…Fufu, that’s quite an interesting metaphor.
Nanami: Also the ice cream that we have during the winter seems different than in the summer. I quite like it.
Tsukushi: Ice cream? Well, I do agree with you but isn't that a different topic?
Toko: Ah~, I’d really like some toppogi ice cream! I’ve been practicing since the morning and I’m so tired!
Mashiro: Toppogi ice cream…?
Tsukushi: My bad, my bad. We've practiced a bit too much right? Shall we call it a day then?
Tsukushi: By the way, Rui-san, you mentioned you have some family matters to attend to later right? Is everything alright?
Rui: I was just informed that the matters are okay now.
Mashiro: Oh, is that so?
Rui: Yes. The message came in just now.
Nanami: Well, since there’s still some time, let’s hang out somewhere?
Tsukushi: That is a good idea! I think we also need to take a break sometimes!
Mashiro: But...where to?
Toko: Some mall maybe?
Tsukushi: Haven’t you been to the mall lately?
Nanami: And the recent movies seem not too interesting either…
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Toko: Hmm…...
Toko: I wish it were the summer now~. We could go to the pool or the beach.
Nanami: ……
Nanami: The beach… sounds great!
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Toko: What?
Toko: Nanami… have you just lost your mind…?
Tsukushi: Going to the beach during this cold season doesn’t sound right, Nanami-chan.
Mashiro: Ngh... I can already feel the cold just thinking about it…
Nanami: Hey, you guys are so mean~. I’m not going to the beach then.
Toko: But the beach isn’t just for the summer right?
Nanami: It might be interesting~. Don’t you want to grab this chance and go somewhere that we normally wouldn’t go?
Nanami: The winter sea… I’ve never seen it before~
Tsukushi: Now that you mentioned it, I’ve never actually seen it either…?
Nanami: Yep, yep! I think the instruments sound differently in the summer and in the winter, and I’m also curious about how the sea would look like.
Rui: Trying out something new may be nice.
Mashiro: I think you’re right…
Nanami: Yes~. Also I guess there must be few people there~? That way the whole beach may be ours~
Toko: The whole beach…... Hmm, sounds not bad.
Tsukushi: Okay, then we’ll just need to wear more and stay warm!
Nanami: Hooray~! Let’s go~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Train]

Nanami: It’s so much fun taking the train and hanging out with everyone~
Toko: I’m quite excited to come, but it’s definitely freezing!
Tsukushi: Well, you’re already on the train. There’s no turning back~
Mashiro: Winter sea…I wonder what it feels like to see it.
Tsukushi: It would be great to come up with a good song, right, Mashiro-chan?
Rui: … 15 more minutes before we reach.
Nanami: Fufu, I can’t wait~
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Where to Go This Winter Pt. 2>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Sea]

Toko: It’s freeeeezing cold!!
Rui: It’s getting cold at the beach, isn’t it?
Mashiro: The wind is also strong…
Nanami: But look around~! There’s no one else~
Nanami: Such a wide space!
Mashiro: Fufu, looks like it’s all ours.
Toko: There’s no way people would want to come to the beach in the middle of winter!
Tsukushi: Ahaha, that seems so. But it feels somewhat strange that we’re the only ones here.
Mashiro: The sky, the sea, the beach are somehow colorless… Everything just feels cold indeed.
Tsukushi: Right… Summer sea seems to give a very shiny impression, but this somewhat gives me a sense of loneliness.
Nanami: Also there’s the hot sand during the summer. It must be very cold here. But I wonder how cold it is.
Toko: That is true… I think I've never touched the beach sand in the winter. We always come in the summer.
Nanami: 
Tsukushi: …wait, what are you doing, Nanami-chan?
Mashiro: Why are you taking off the shoes…?
Nanami: I thought… since we're already here, why don’t we try to learn everything about the winter sea?
Mashiro: Ah, Nanami-chan…!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Ah, the sand is cold, but not as cold as I thought~. It feels weird~
Nanami: Alright! Let’s walk to the edge of the water~!
Nanami: Wow~ It’s really cold!
Tsukushi: Hold on, Nanami-chan, you good!?
Nanami: I’m fine, I’m fine! Guys, come on~
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Toko & Rui: ……
Toko: We cannot just watch Nanami having the fun! I’m going!
Mashiro: To…Toko-chan?!
Toko: You’re coming too, Shiro!
Tsukushi: Wait… Everyone, wait up~! Rui-san, come with us! You cannot just stand there and watch!
Rui: … Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: I need some rest…
Mashiro: Ngh… My feet are cold…
Nanami: Fufu, Rui-rui, you’re getting rosy cheeks and it’s cute~
Rui: Well, you even got red ears, Hiromachi-san.
Toko: Oh dear, my hands are frozen and I cannot feel them now!
Nanami: Ahaha, but aren’t you having a lot of fun as well?
Tsukushi: Okay. Thanks to the water that was splashed on me, it's getting colder now~
Nanami: Then… we should snuggle up!
Tsukushi: I see. It gets warmer if we stick together right?
Nanami: That’s right~. Do we call it “oshikuramanju”...? Guys, come over here!
Mashiro: Like this…?
Nanami: Rui-rui, you should get closer!
Rui: ...Am I doing this right?
Nanami: Yes! Correct~
Nanami: Fufu, I can somehow feel the warmth even when it's cold.
Everyone: ……
Nanami: It’s as if we’re the only ones in this world…
Mashiro: Yeah… Somehow I can feel the coldness and the vastness of winter sea…
Mashiro: It's a bit scary, but it feels like I'm drawn into it.
Tsukushi: Yeah. I think it’s so big, and natural!
Rui: There is no one around and that may be why it feels spacious.
Toko: I’ve been to the beach several times, so I thought it wouldn’t make much difference. I now realize that the winter sea can be so different.
Nanami: Fufu, we’ve found something new.
Nanami: Guys… can we just stay here for a bit longer?
Mashiro: I think I’d also like to stay for a little while.
Tsukushi: Alright, if you say so. Just a little longer.
Toko: I’d really like some hot soup when I get home~
Nanami: Sounds nice! Let’s go for a late lunch on our way back?
Nanami: (After I get home, I want to draw a picture of the five of us at the beach)
Nanami: (What would be the composition? It should be cold yet warm… It would be a strange painting I guess)
Nanami: Fufu
Rui: …Hiromachi-san, is something funny?
Nanami: Well, it's nothing!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
