1945_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Because We're Friends

Gacha phrase: I want to help Ruirui this time.

<I Just Want To Help You>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rui: ...
Rui: Yes, I'm here. Please come in.
Nanami: Excuse me for interrupting.
Rui: Hiromachi-san?
Tsukushi: We're here too!
Toko: Rui, you should be grateful~. We're here to help you with your work!
Rui: ... I don't really understand what you mean.
Nanami: We were supposed to start preparing for the signature campaign today, but Ruirui, you suddenly got a lot of student council work, didn't you?
Toko: That's right! So we're going to help you out and get it done in no time!
Mashiro: Well... I may not be able to be helpful, but I'll do my best not to drag you down.
Rui: ... I still really don't understand.
Rui: I've got Student Council work at lunchtime, so I told you to go ahead and get our signature campaign ready.
Rui: We have a lot of work to do, like scheduling and preparing the petition. I think it would be more efficient to have you go ahead with that.
Tsukushi: That's true, but~... We thought we would start preparing together with you.
Nanami: Yeah, yeah. The signature campaign is something that everyone at Morfonica has to work hard on.
Rui: Well, then, since you're not part of the student council, I'm supposed to be the only one doing student council work.
Toko: No, no. We've helped you before.
Rui: Before was before, now is now. Anyway, I don't need you guys to help me.
Nanami: Hmmm... But when you think about it... your student council work is one of the preparations for our signature campaign.
Nanami: The signature campaign is something we all at Morfonica have to work hard for.
Nanami: If we don't finish the student council work... we can't start the signature campaign together.
Rui: ... That's a very aggressive logic for you, Hiromachi-san. Why do you want to help me so badly?
Nanami: Because Ruirui is a hard worker.
Nanami: You work hard in places without us noticing, and you take on everything on your own.
Nanami: That worries me as a friend. So I want to help you in any way I can... That's what I think.
Rui: ...
Mashiro: You know... Nanami-chan was the one who suggested we should help Rui-san.
Tsukushi: She said we won't leave until we help Rui-san! It was amazing.
Toko: Rui, give up! Nanami's being really stubborn today~.
Nanami: Staaare...
Rui: Sigh...
Rui: I get it. I guess it's no use trying to convince you any more.
Nanami: ! Well then...!
Rui: I'll ask Hiromachi-san to organize these documents. They are the financial statements of each club and committee.
Rui: Futaba-san, please assist me. I want you to file all these documents by date.
Tsukushi: Y-yeah, leave it to me! I'll make sure they're filed properly!
Nanami: Okay, I'll do my best to organize the documents!
Toko: What about Shiro and me, Rui? What should we do?
Rui: Kirigaya-san and Kurata-san, let's see...
Rui: Check to see if the materials here have the student council seals. If there are any omissions, please bring them to me.
Mashiro: Wow, that's a lot... I wonder how many sheets there are?
Rui: Roughly over 200.
Mashiro: T-that many? I wonder if I can do it...
Toko: I'm here so it's no problem! This only takes seconds!
Rui: Let's get started. If you have any questions, let me know right away.
Nanami: Okay... Let us all finish our work for the student council, and let's do our best to get ready for our signature campaign as soon as possible~!
Toko, Tsukushi & Mashiro: Oh, yeah~!!!


<Respect For You>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[RiNG - In Front of Entrance]

Marina: I arrived a little early. I'm going to kill some time outside until my meeting with Ririko-san.
Nanami: Ah, there are Marina-san and {{userName}}-san~.
Marina: Hello, Nanami-chan! Were you practicing privately?
Nanami: No, I wasn't~. I was just passing by, and I was having tea at the café inside.
Nanami: I was exhausted from band practice, so it was a nice refreshment~.
Marina: I see. That's good to hear.
Marina: Oh, by the way... Didn't you prepare for the signature campaign today?
Nanami: Eh... Marina-san, how did you know about the signature campaign?
Marina: I heard a little about it from Rui-chan and Toko-chan... It's kind of a big deal, isn't it?
Nanami: That's right~. But that's why we're doing the signature campaign.
Nanami: We'll get ready for it, and gather everyone's signatures.
Marina: Good luck! But, I can't believe you're going to do the signature campaign to protest against the Chairwoman-sensei...
Marina: Nanami-chan, you and your friends have amazing initiative.
Nanami: I'm surprised too. If I hadn't joined Morfonica, I'm sure I would never have done something like this~.
Nanami: Marina-san, I ...... I think everyone at Morfonica is really amazing.
Nanami: They are able to do things for others, and they can try their best to solve problems...
Nanami: And they don't expect anything at all in return...
Nanami: Somehow, this experience made me realize once again how glad I was to meet them all.
Marina: Actually, it's not so easy to meet people who make you feel that way.
Marina: But I think they all feel the same way about Nanami-chan.
Marina: I think it's great that you can praise your friends from the bottom of your heart.
Nanami: That's not true~. It's normal~.
Marina: Fufufu...
Nanami: Ah, I'm sorry. Are you okay with the time? Marina-san, you two are here for RiNG, right?
Marina: Yeah. But there's still time-- Wait, it's been that long already?!
Marina: I'm sorry, Nanami-chan. We're going to go now.
Nanami: No, no, thank you very much for listening to me!
Nanami: Then, see you again at CiRCLE~.
Marina: Yeah! See you soon!
