2140_Nanami Hiromachi_R4 Hope Between the Notes

Gacha phrase: I’m counting on you to look after Rui-rui, Shiro-chan.

<The Big Reward Operation!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Toko: Everyone, sorry to keep you waiting~!
Tsukushi: Nice work turning in the journal, Toko-chan.
Toko: Alright, let’s move to the atelier and get practice started~! ...Huh? Where’s Shiro and Rui?
Nanami: Shiro-chan and Rui-rui said they couldn’t make it today.
Toko: Eh~, then should the three of us get started without them?
Tsukushi: We can’t really work on the new song yet, so it’ll just be reviewing the ones we already have.
Toko: True~. Perfecting our current songs is great and all, but this is a new venue—we gotta have a new song ready!
Tsukushi: It’d be nice if we could start practicing it soon...
Toko: Wait, you think we’ll actually have it ready in time for the live?
Tsukushi: Hmm... I wonder...
Nanami: Knowing Rui-rui, I think she’ll manage to finish it somehow...
Toko: But still, it feels like Rui’s in a bit of a slump. Maybe it’s time we stepped in and helped out?
Nanami: Hmm~, but even if we wanted to help, what could we actually do~?
Toko: Hmm... we could help her write the song or something!
Tsukushi: Wait, you, Toko-chan? Have you ever written a song before?
Toko: Nope.
Tsukushi: Thought so...
Toko: But I feel like I could totally do it if I tried~.
Tsukushi: Where does that confidence even come from?
Nanami: Hey, hey, let me talk too~.
Nanami: Rui-rui said it’s “nothing to worry about,” didn’t she?
Nanami: That’s why I think the best thing we can do is trust her and wait.
Toko: Mmm~... but shouldn’t we be thinking of a backup plan just in case?
Toko: Guess I’ll just have to come up with a super cool riff and totally save the day!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, stop, stop!
Tsukushi: I get that you want to help Rui-san, and that feeling isn’t wrong.
Tsukushi: But going from zero experience to writing a full song is a bit unrealistic. Let’s think about what we can do instead.
Toko: What we can do, huh... like what, for example?
Tsukushi: Like... hmm, I dunno?
Nanami: Back to square one~.
Toko: Well, I guess it’s not that easy to come up with something right away~.
Nanami: ...Oh, how about this?
Tsukushi: What is it?
Nanami: Instead of helping her directly, we could prepare a reward for her when she’s done.
Tsukushi: I like that! A reward for Rui-san could totally work!
Toko: Ah~, you’re right, getting a reward always feels good~!
Tsukushi: What kind of reward would she like, though?
Nanami: Hmm~, maybe something sweet?
Tsukushi: Something sweet... Didn’t Rui-san like red bean soup with dumplings?
Nanami: Red bean soup with dumplings! That’s perfect~!
Toko: A bowl of red bean soup with dumplings after finishing a tough song~. I can totally picture Rui crying from happiness~.
Tsukushi: I can’t really imagine her doing that, but...
Tsukushi: Still, I’m sure she’d be happy. I’ll let Mashiro-chan know.
Nanami: (...I hope Shiro-chan’s able to talk things through with Rui-rui...)
Nanami: (Shiro-chan will totally give Rui-rui the courage she needs... I just know it...!)
Toko: Alright, let’s head out!
Nanami: Huh? Head out where?
Toko: Of course, to that red bean soup with dumplings place, obviously! I know a really good one~!
Tsukushi: But, isn’t it a little early to be getting it ready?
Toko: We’ve gotta taste-test it ourselves before giving it to Rui, obviously.
Tsukushi: I see, we can’t recommend it confidently without trying it first...!
Nanami: Fufu, well if it’s for Rui-rui, I guess we’ve got no choice. Let’s go enjoy it ourselves first~.


<Charms I Can’t See in Myself>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Alright, we’ve dropped off the flyers, so let’s head back.
Marina: ...Hm? Isn’t that Nanami-chan over there?
Nanami: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san? Hello~. What a surprise to see you here.
Marina: Just here for some work stuff! What about you, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: We’ve got a live show coming up, so I came to buy what we need.
Marina: I see. Looks like you're buying quite a bit.
Nanami: Actually, we’re really tight on time for both prep and practice this time. I figured I’d get all the shopping done in one go.
Marina: Ah, Rui-chan mentioned it a little. She said the composing took longer than expected since she had a lot on her mind.
Nanami: Exactly~. Rui-rui was acting totally normal, so I didn’t notice anything was wrong.
Nanami: It wasn’t until Shiro-chan pointed it out that I realized Rui-rui was struggling.
Marina: You’d think she’d just come talk to someone in times like that.
Nanami: Maybe even she didn’t know what to do~.
Nanami: But thanks to Shiro-chan talking with her, it all worked out~.
Marina: Fufu, Mashiro-chan’s really dependable.
Nanami: Totally~. Rui-rui really respects Shiro-chan.
Nanami: She’s helped me out a lot too, so I totally get why Rui-rui looks up to her.
Nanami: Shiro-chan has so many amazing qualities~.
Marina: Yeah, I kind of get what you mean.
Nanami: Shiro-chan doesn’t seem to realize how amazing she is, and probably wouldn’t believe it even if we told her... but that’s part of her charm.
Nanami: I think it’s exactly because she’s that way that she can truly be there for someone...
Nanami: And when Shiro-chan’s the one struggling, it really makes you want to support her from the bottom of your heart.
Marina: Fufu, that sounds like such a beautiful bond!
Nanami: It is~! I’m really glad I joined Morfonica~.
Nanami: Rui-rui may not say it out loud, but I'm sure she feels the same way.
Marina: Yeah,yeah. I bet she does.
Marina: ...Oops, we should get going.
Nanami: Ah, sorry for holding you up while you’re working~.
Marina: Don’t worry about it. Good luck with the live show prep.
Nanami: Yeah! I hope we can perform at CiRCLE again sometime soon~.
Marina: Of course! You’re always welcome here!
