event283-07 Ending: And the Curtain Rises Again

With their aurora-lit stream complete, Hello, Happy World! brings smiles to the world once again today.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Alright, everyone’s here.
Kokoro: Let’s get today’s Hello, Happy Channel started!
Misaki: Wait, we’re doing another stream? Even though we already got that girl’s comment?
Kokoro: Oh my, of course we are! We’ve still got tons of requests from everyone!
Hagumi: I wanna do more too! There are so many fun-looking requests!
Kanon: The last stream got people talking, so the number of comments really shot up.
Misaki: Well... yeah, that’s true. And look, the aurora stream’s in the news again.
Kaoru: Fufu, our fleeting stage has truly caught the world’s eye.
Misaki: Well yeah, anyone would be talking if we did a band performance and a play under the aurora.
Hagumi: Everyone’s saying it was amazing in the comments too!
Kanon: Yeah, and it seems like people are really looking forward to what we’ll do next.
Hagumi: Yup yup! I’m super excited thinking about what we’ll try next!
Misaki: It’s fine to get excited, but don’t raise the bar too high, okay...?
Hagumi: Hey hey, Kokoron, which request do you want to try next?
Kokoro: Let’s see... I pick this one! “I want you all to explore a jungle and make friends with the animals there!”
Hagumi: Wow! That sounds like fun! Then I’ll do this one! “I want everyone to strike a pose on top of a pyramid!”
Kokoro: Oh, that’s a good one too! In that case...
Misaki: Getting hyped is fine, but at least keep it within the country, okay~.
Misaki: Sigh, I thought handling fan requests would be simple... but nope, not at all.
Kanon: Misaki-chan... but it looks like people are still really enjoying Hello, Happy Channel.
Kaoru: Yeah, seems like it. I’m excited to see what sort of fleeting stage comes next.
Kaoru: Oh, looks like this one’s for me. I’ve got a message.
Kaoru: This is... ...Fufu.
Kanon: Kaoru-san? What’s up?
Kaoru: We haven’t decided on Hello, Happy Channel’s next stage yet, but it seems the next stage I’ll aim for has been decided.
Misaki: ? What do you mean by that?
Kaoru: I just got news that I passed the first round of an audition I applied to.
Hagumi: Really!? That’s amazing, Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: Thanks, Hagumi. But the audition’s far from over.
Kaoru: It’s for a popular production at the most prestigious theater in the country. With that kind of attention, I’m sure the number of applicants is enormous, and the selection process will be incredibly intense...
Kaoru: All the roles are chosen by audition. Which means everyone has a chance.
Misaki: Whoa... I didn’t know Kaoru-san applied for something that big.
Kanon: Just passing the first round must already be super impressive.
Kokoro: Kaoru will definitely make it all the way and pass!
Kaoru: Fufu, that’s the plan.
Kaoru: There’ll be many more rounds of selection ahead, and the path will only get tougher...
Kaoru: But I’ll turn every bit of that experience into strength, and claim that role with my own hands.
Kaoru: And I’m sure that grand stage will be one our little kitten from the letter would adore.
Misaki: Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Fufu. The next grand, fleeting stage that Kaoru Seta shall stand on...
Kaoru: Please, all of you—look forward to it.
