event283-06 Chapter 5: A Fleeting Stage of Miracles

Hello, Happy World! chooses to stream under the aurora. Will the filming go as planned—?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hotel Room]

Misaki: Backup batteries, check. Tripod, check. Lights, check.
Misaki: Oh, it'll be even colder at night... better pack some hand warmers too.
Misaki: Let’s see...
Misaki: Hm? Someone's here...? Coming~.
Kaoru: Hey, Misaki. Mind if I come in for a bit?
Misaki: Oh, Kaoru-san? Sure, it's kind of a mess with all the prep, but come on in.
Misaki: But what’s up all of a sudden? Did something happen with the stream?
Kaoru: No, I figured you’d be working on the setup, so I thought I’d drop by and see if I could help.
Misaki: Ahaha, thanks. But it’s pretty much all ready now.
Kaoru: As expected of you, Misaki—so efficient as always.
Misaki: Ah, okay okay, I’ll take the compliment.
Misaki: I’m not appearing on camera, so the least I can do is get the behind-the-scenes stuff done right.
Misaki: I’m sure the People in Black would be better at this, but this is our Hello, Happy Channel, after all.
Kaoru: Ah, Misaki...! You’re just so kind and fleetingly beautiful...!
Misaki: There it is. Getting emotional again.
Misaki: Jeez, you’re just so typically Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Indeed, for I am always Kaoru Seta.
Misaki: No, no, that’s not what I meant...
Misaki: ......
Kaoru: Misaki?
Misaki: ...I wonder if this stream will really make her happy.
Kaoru: Huh...? What do you mean?
Misaki: She said in her comment that she wanted to see you on a big stage, right?
Misaki: But I was thinking... maybe she didn’t mean the aurora stream we’re about to do, but something else entirely.
Misaki: Like, maybe she wanted to see you on a real stage, in front of a huge audience—
Misaki: If that’s what she meant, then maybe what we’re doing now isn’t quite what she really wished for.
Misaki: I think... you already knew that, didn’t you?
Kaoru: Misaki...
Kaoru: Fufu, even if that’s true, it’s not a reason to stop what we’re about to do.
Misaki: Huh?
Kaoru: No matter what kind of stage I stand on, I’ll shine with everything I’ve got—that’s all there is to it.
Kaoru: Whether it’s grand or humble, Kaoru Seta never gives less than her best.
Kaoru: So tonight, on the stage Kokoro and you all have prepared for me, I’ll shine with everything I’ve got.
Kaoru: And if ever there’s a stage I’m meant to stand upon, then I’ll claim the right to stand there—no matter what.
Kaoru: For the smiles of every one of my little kittens.
Misaki: I see... yeah, you’re right.
Misaki: (Doing your best for someone’s smile...)
Misaki: (That’s so like Kaoru-san.)
Kaoru: Come to think of it, Michelle still isn’t here.
Kaoru: Could it be she won’t be joining the stream today...?
Misaki: Ah, umm...! Michelle said she'd come a little later!
Kaoru: I see. That’s a relief.
Misaki: Phew, that was close...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Hello, Happy Channel—
Kaoru: Hey there, little kittens watching from behind the camera. This is Kaoru Seta of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Today we’ve switched things up a little and traveled somewhere far away.
Kaoru: Tonight, we stand on a miraculous stage born from the fleeting beauty of nature itself—
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: I hope our presence, this breathtaking scenery, reaches you through the camera.
Kaoru: And I hope... someday, I can see you again.
(White cut)
(Background change)
