event283-02 Chapter 1: Etcetera for a Smile

To bring a smile to Kaoru’s fan in the hospital, Hello, Happy World! brainstorms ideas together.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Alright, let’s begin the Hello, Happy World! meeting! Everyone knows today’s agenda, right?
Hagumi: Yes! It’s “Let’s cheer up Kaoru-kun’s fan,” right?
Kokoro: That’s right! Let’s bring the brightest smile to her face!
Kanon: But what should we do... she’s still in the hospital, right?
Misaki: She wrote that it’s hard for her to even meet people outside the hospital...
Hagumi: Hey, hey~!
Kaoru: Hagumi, did you think of something?
Hagumi: What if we go to the hospital and perform a live show for her!?
Hagumi: If she sees a fun live, I’m sure she’ll smile!
Kokoro: Oh my! That’s a wonderful idea!
Misaki: Hold it, hold it. She wrote in her letter that she can’t really see people, so doing a concert in her hospital room might be kind of tough.
Hagumi: Then how about performing somewhere she can see from her window!? That way she could still watch from her room!
Misaki: No, no, no. Making that much noise would just be a nuisance to the hospital.
Hagumi: Oh, right... hmm, what should we do...
Kanon: A way to bring smiles in a hospital room, huh...
Kanon: Kaoru-san, what do you think?
Kaoru: Me?
Kanon: You know her better than we do, so maybe you’d know what would make her happy?
Misaki: Oh, good point. Didn’t she ever mention anything she liked in her letters?
Kaoru: Hmm, let me think...
Kaoru: She always wrote about what made my stage performance so fleeting... things like that.
Kaoru: She’s a shy little kitten who never really talked about herself. I don’t know what would make her happy...
Kaoru: ...Oh.
Kokoro: Kaoru? Did you remember something?
Kaoru: Come to think of it, in one of her letters, she shared her thoughts on the performance—and also her impressions of Hello, Happy Channel.
Kaoru: She wrote that when she wasn’t well enough to go outside, watching Hello, Happy Channel lifted her spirits.
Hagumi: Then if we did a stream on Hello, Happy Channel that could cheer her up, maybe she’d watch it too!?
Misaki: Streaming, huh... come to think of it, we haven’t done that in a while.
Kanon: With Hello, Happy Channel, she could still enjoy it without having to go to a theater or live venue.
Kanon: Oh, but aren’t smartphones banned in hospitals?
Kaoru: No, recently they allow smartphone use in hospital rooms. I heard that when I was in a play set in a hospital.
Misaki: Wow, unexpected trivia from Kaoru-san...
Kokoro: Then it’s settled! Let’s do a Hello, Happy Channel stream and bring her a smile!
Kaoru: Still, what kind of stream should we do...?
Kokoro: In that case, why not just ask?
Kanon: Ask her, you mean?
Kokoro: Yes, of course! Let’s ask everyone what kind of stream they’d enjoy!
Kokoro: Then she’ll probably share what she wants to see too!
Kaoru: I see—we’re surveying the little kittens, are we? Then we can make plenty of their dreams come true.
Hagumi: Wow! That sounds super fun!
Misaki: True, we could just ask for suggestions through the comments on the stream...
Kokoro: Let’s do something fun that everyone can enjoy together!
Misaki: ...Well, the viewers will probably have more practical ideas than anything you guys come up with...
Misaki: Alright, let’s do it. We’ll take requests through a video, and I’ll handle the tallying.
Hagumi: Alright, it’s time for a Hello, Happy Channel request special!
