band1-031 Chapter 11: The Norm is Great

Arisa says that Poppin'Party may be better off without her, but Kasumi absolutely refuses to accept that.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Arisa: I'm the worst... Seriously, what am I even doing...?! I'm such an embarrassment...
Arisa: ... Maybe Poppin'Party would be better off without someone like me...
Kasumi: You're not an embarrassment, Arisa! And you're definitely not the worst! The day you quit Poppin'Party would be the day Poppin'Party comes to an end!
Arisa: What?! Why would that happen?! There are countless other people who are better than me out there.
Kasumi: That's not what I mean...! It's not just you! Saya, Rimi-rin, O-Tae! If any one of you left the band, there's no way I can be sparkling and heart-pounding!
Saya: Kasumi...
Arisa: Sparkling and heart-pounding...?
Kasumi: You remember the day we had that performance in your basement? We all played together, and my sparkling and heart-pounding hit an unbelievable level!
Kasumi: Yours did too, right?
Arisa: Well...
Kasumi: And I believed for a while that bands were just super amazing and that music was crazy awesome.
Kasumi: I mean, no matter how down you're feeling, once you get together with everyone and start playing, you can get rid of that negativity and fill your heart with sparkling, heart-pounding feelings.
Kasumi: But the other day, I realized something, thanks to what O-Tae said to me. Music is not the only thing that allows me to feel that way...
Kasumi: Saya, Rimi-rin, O-Tae... And you, Arisa! It's all of you that make me feel that way when I'm performing!
Kasumi: That's why... That's why...! Don't ever say that Poppin'Party would be better off without you, Arisa!
Arisa: I see... Okay, now I get it...
Saya: Hm? What's up?
Arisa: Well... Before I joined the band, I was always alone at school, you know? So I was pretty much used to being by myself... Or at least, I should've been...
Arisa: Now, when I'm by myself at school, I'm so bored and kinda... lonely...? All I can think about is how much I want classes to be over...
Arisa: Before, I didn't think anything of it, and now, without even realizing it, I start thinking about all of you.
Arisa: Like what you, Kasumi, are doing, or how it was very wrong for me to act that way towards Rimi... Now my head is filled with these kinds of thoughts...
Saya: I think I get how you feel, Arisa. You guys are the only thing I've been thinking about too.
Arisa: At this point, I can't even focus on studying. It's just become so natural for all of us to be together, and...
Arisa: How do I put this...? Something happening naturally like that feels... great.
Saya: Doesn't it?
Arisa: Uhm, so... I want to apologize to Rimi.
Kasumi: Huh?!
Arisa: Everything that's been happening is all my fault... And I really hurt her when I blew up at her...
Arisa: I've been trying to send her a message for a while, but no matter how many times I try, I just get stuck at this part. I don't know how to go about these things...
Kasumi: Have you been working on that draft the entire time?
Arisa: I write, then I delete. I write, then I delete. I've been going back and forth for so long. I'm not sure how to put my feeling into words...
Arisa: It's just...
Arisa: No exam has ever asked me to solve such a difficult problem...
Kasumi: ... Wonderful... This is wonderful... Ngh...
Arisa: Kasumi...?
Kasumi: You know... I was so worried that you started hating Poppin'Party...!
Arisa: Wh-why would I do that...? That's the whole reason I've been thinking so hard... Because I love Poppin'Party...
Kasumi: Arisa~!
Arisa: K-Kasumi... A little warning before you jump on me like that.
Kasumi: The three of us should visit Rimi-rin together! And she's feeling better, so I think she'll be coming back to school soon.
Arisa: Okay... St-still... Can you stop hugging me so tightly? You're hurting me.
Kasumi: No, I'll never let you go...
Arisa: ... ... ... F-fine, I guess...
Arisa: Uhh, Kasumi... I'm... sorry... I made you worry.
Kasumi: I'm sorry too... There's no way you would ever hate Poppin'Party. I should have never thought that.
Saya: Fufu...
Saya: Forget all that. You guys aren't being fair~. I'm your friend too, you know~.
Kasumi: Ahh, yeah! Here! Come over here!
Saya: Fufu... I'm just kidding. Sigh, such a heavy weight lifted~...
Saya: ... Ah, hey. Look, you guys. Up at the sky...
Arisa: Hm? At the sky?
(White cut)
Kasumi: Whoa~!! The stars look amazing~!
Saya: They seem even brighter than they normally are... Is that just in my head?
Kasumi: Nuh-uh! Absolutely not! We can see it as well! Right, Arisa?! They look shinier to you too?!
Arisa: ... Mhm. You might be right. They kinda do look like they're... sparkling more than usual...
