band1-022 Chapter 2: Concert Postponed?

Arisa proposes having a concert on the last day of tests. However, unsurprisingly, everyone else feels unsure...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

All: Lunchtime~!
Arisa: Phew~, I'm so exhausted... It felt like recess took forever to come... Yawn, so sleepy...
Rimi: Arisa-chan, did you get enough sleep? Were you up late last night?
Arisa: N-no, not really. It's not because I'm lacking sleep or anything.
Saya: Fufu. It is easy to feel sleepy with how warm it is. I was so, so close to falling asleep during class...
Tae: Kasumi was actually asleep.
Kasumi: No I wasn't, O-Tae~. I was just closing my eyes and thinking about something for a little bit.
Tae: For 15 minutes? What could you have been thinking that hard about?
Kasumi: Y-you know~. Like the performance we're gonna have and stuff... Ah! That reminds me! Arisa, we wanted to talk to you about that!
Arisa: Hm? What's up?
Kasumi: Remember everything we talked about yesterday about having the concert...? I know we went over this already, but it'd probably be better if we changed the date.
Arisa: You wanna change the date? Why?
Kasumi: Think about it. If we have a show and tests on the same day, we probably won't be able to give all of our effort to either of them. We were all talking about it on our way home. Right, Saya?
Saya: Mhm. We definitely want to perform, but these exams are really important...
Kasumi: So~, we figured we really should do the show after all of the testing is over. What do you think?
Arisa: Okay, but it's not like this is the only time this is gonna happen. If we continue being a band, there are gonna be lots of times when concerts and tests end up on the same day.
Arisa: Are we just supposed to put off and refuse gigs every single time? Are you guys actually okay with that?
Rimi: Now that you mention it... Yeah, that is true...
Arisa: ... So there should be no problem, right?
Kasumi: Well, we were worried about where we would perform, too. Is there really a place we could reserve at this point...? I'm pretty sure CiRCLE is supposed to be booked for a while.
Rimi: So then... at the school?
Saya: But we'd be in the middle of exams, right? There's no way we'd be able to do that, is there?
Arisa: Do you guys wanna have a show or not?!
Arisa: You're talking about a venue here! I'm sure there are a million places! We just have to try hard enough and we'll find one! This sounds like you guys don't want it enough! Is that it?!
Kasumi: ...?!
Saya: A-Arisa...?
Arisa: ... Ah, I-I'm sorry. I just really wanna have a concert. I didn't mean to get carried away...
Tae: Okay, I'll look for a place we can use. I mean, I wanna perform with you guys too.
Kasumi: Huh? Are you sure, O-Tae? You know we'd only be giving them a month's notice, right?
Tae: Mhm. I can talk to the people I knew from SPACE, and I know a lot more people than I use to. I think I can work something out.
Rimi: Thank you, O-Tae-chan. If there's anything I can help you with, please let me know.
Arisa: Alright, that takes care of the venue problem, right? Which means... now it comes down to how motivated we are.
Kasumi: ... Okay, got it! If you really want to do it that much and on that day, then let's do it! Saya, Rimi-rin, are you two okay with that?
Saya: Fufu, alright then. If you insist. We wouldn't wanna be the ones to let you down.
Rimi: Yeah! I'll do everything I can too!
Saya: Still, you're really blowing me away, Arisa. No one would normally think of having a concert on the last day of exams.
Rimi: That'll make it all the more impressive if we're able to do it.
Kasumi: That means I'm gonna have to work extra hard to study~. You're so lucky, Arisa~. Being able to do well on tests without having to bother with that.
Rimi: It really is something. When do you even study, Arisa-chan? I don't think I've ever actually seen it myself...
Arisa: Wh-why would you need to...? If you just focus during class, then there shouldn't be a problem...
Arisa: The only things that ever show up on the test are things we've done in class anyway.
Kasumi: Sigh... That's so cool. I'd love to be able to say something like that. "The only things that ever show up on the test are things we've done in class anyway."
Tae: Ahaha. Yeah, that's not a line you can pull off.
Kasumi: Hey~, O-Tae~. Don't make it sound so obvious~.
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan! I know you're going to be working hard with the studying and all, but we have to put the new song together too.
Kasumi: Oh yeah! Okay, Rimi-rin! Let's think of some ideas and figure out what theme we're going for later!
Rimi: Alright!
Arisa: Sounds like we're all about to get really busy! But I actually get fired up just thinking about it!
Kasumi: I feel the heat too!
Saya: Guys, I know you're heating up and all, but your bentos are only getting colder. Recess is gonna end soon, so you might wanna hurry up and finish those.
Kasumi: Oh, that's right! 'Kay! Everyone, we're on the road to our concert-slash-test day! Let's do our best!
All: Yeah~!
Arisa: (... Phew. I have to study as soon as I get home... If I don't get to sleep early... things might start getting really rough...)
Saya: ...
