band1-030 Chapter 10: This Is All I Can Do!

Kasumi and Saya continue their visits by stopping at Arisa's house. That's when Kasumi and Arisa's feelings clash...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence]

Kasumi: ... Arisa!
Arisa: K-Kasumi...
Kasumi: Arisa... Welcome home.
Arisa: Wait, have you two... been waiting this whole time...?
Saya: Kasumi said... she just had to talk to you.
Arisa: Well... There's nothing to talk about.
Kasumi: That can't be true! You can hide it, but we still know! Something... is bothering you, right? Talk to us about it! We wanna help!
Arisa: You're so annoying! I told you, there's nothing to worry about! Just leave me alone already!
Kasumi: No! I won't! I can't! You may not have anything you wanna tell me about, but I have lots of things I wanna share with you!
Arisa: ...?
Kasumi: Like the thing I saw on TV yesterday, or the yummy candy I bought at the convenience store the other day... Outfits too! There's also studying and bentos... And I wanna talk to you about Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: There's a lot I wanna talk to you about! So, so many things I want you to hear!
Arisa: Wh-what are you getting at?! I have no idea what you're talking about!
Kasumi: Neither do I! All I know is that I wanna have more conversations at school! I wanna laugh together while we talk about absolutely nothing! I want us... to eat our bentos together.
Arisa: Wh-why should I care about any of that?!
Kasumi: Nnn~!! Arisa, give me your hand!
Arisa: H-huh?!
Kasumi: I don't know the right words to tell you how I'm feeling! I know if we hold hands I can show you!
Arisa: Wh-what are you going on about?!
Kasumi: Sorry! This is the only thing I can do! Gimme your hand!
Arisa: St-stop it! You know I hate this kinda stuff! C-cut it out-!
Kasumi: Show Arisa how I feel...! Ey... Ey...!
Arisa: O-oww~! You're squeezing too hard-...
Arisa: (Hm? This... feeling...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Arisa: ... Seriously, that hurt. My hand is numb now... I told you, you were squeezing too hard...
Kasumi: I-I got carried away with the amount of feelings I put in...
Arisa: ... You know you play the guitar right? Learn to control your grip strength, will you...?
Kasumi: I'm... so sorry...
Arisa: ... Still, that was the same exact feeling I got from O-Tae.
Kasumi: Hm?
Arisa: When you squeezed my hand, it felt the same as when O-Tae did it.
Kasumi: The same as O-Tae?
Arisa: Yeah. Doesn't really make sense, does it? But that's what happened...
Arisa: ... You guys. You remember how Sensei asked me to visit the teacher's lounge? When we were having our bentos...?
Kasumi: Mhm. We were all saying how they would probably ask you to become the student council president.
Arisa: Well, Sensei told me...
Saya: Told you...? Go on, we're listening.
Arisa: That my grades are lower than they used to be...
Kasumi: ... What?
Arisa: I mean, once you think about it, it makes sense. Ever since we started the band, we've been spending every hour together, right? So my study time has gone down a bit...
Arisa: I figured things would continue to get worse if we kept hanging out, but when I'm with you guys...
Arisa: ... I really enjoy myself, so...
Saya: Arisa...
Arisa: So Sensei asked... "Is it possible that balancing school and your band could be affecting your work?"
Arisa: I was just so irritated by that... So I replied with a declaration...
Arisa: I said I would show that I could handle both. That if I didn't get a total of 480 points on all five subjects, I would quit the band...
Saya: Y-you have to get 480 points?! I know it's not impossible for you, but that's pretty tough to pull off, isn't it?
Arisa: ... But if I can't do at least that, it won't be as persuasive, you know? So I buckled down and I hit the books. That's when I started going to sleep late...
Saya: Yeah, now that you mention it, you've seemed kinda sleepy... So that's what it was.
Arisa: It turns out school work in high school really is different from middle school. If I don't study, I can't do well.
Kasumi: ... Why... would you keep something that important from us?
Arisa: ... Well, it's lame, isn't it? Not to mention that my stubbornness got you all dragged into this whole thing...
Arisa: Also... I wouldn't want you guys to see me trying so hard to study or knowing that I have to stay up late and put so much effort...
Kasumi: Arisa... You're looking at this the wrong way, Arisa. We always see you working hard! We've been watching you put a lot of effort into the things you do for a long time now!
Kasumi: You always give your 100 percent, every time... Every time you practice your instrument.
Arisa: ...?!
Saya: ... Yep, that's right. You're always doing your best to improve when you play your keyboard. We know.
Arisa: ... Haha, I see... So I didn't have to hide it... Man, I was trying so hard to keep you all from knowing and ended up making a huge mess of things... So what I did was lame anyway...
Arisa: ... And I put us into this really tough situation because of my selfishness. Plus, I let my anger get out of control and attacked Rimi...
Arisa: I'm the worst... Seriously, what am I even doing...?! I'm such an embarrassment...
Arisa: ... Maybe Poppin'Party would be better off without someone like me...
