band1-021 Chapter 1: Arisa's Suggestion

Arisa is called to the teacher's lounge during afternoon recess. What will her homeroom teacher tell her...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Ready, guys?! Now... Open your bento!
All: Ooo~.
Kasumi: Whoa~, your bento looks super yummy today, Arisa~!
Arisa: Except... you say that every single day the moment you see it.
Kasumi: It's kinda like all of the different colors make me even hungrier just by looking at it. O-Tae, I know you're thinking the same thing, right?
(White cut)
Tae: I think... I want a hamburg steak. Hey, Arisa. Will you trade with me? Your steak for my lettuce.
Arisa: For lettuce?! Is that a joke?!
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, I can give you mine if you'd like.
Tae: Yeah? Thanks, Rimi! I am forever in your debt.
Saya: O-Tae... That's a bit over the top, don't you think?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Classmate: Oh, Ichigaya-san, there you are. One of the teachers was just looking for you. They want you to stop by the teachers' lounge during recess.
Arisa: Huh? The teachers' lounge...? Uhh, okay. Thanks for letting me know. I'll stop by soon.
Kasumi: A teacher wants to talk to you? I wonder what that's about... Any idea?
Arisa: No, not really...
Rimi: Well, they specifically want to talk to you, so it's probably that they want you to be the next student council president or something like that, no?
Saya: Yeah. That totally sounds like something that would happen.
Tae: Good luck, President Arisa.
Arisa: What?! Of course that's not what it is!
Kasumi: That student said the teacher wants to see you during recess, right? Let's hurry up and get through these bentos then! C'mon, is everyone ready to dig in?!
Kasumi, Saya, Tae & Rimi: Yeah~!
Kasumi: Ah! Wait, Arisa didn't say anything! I'll ask again!
Arisa: Hello, we're not in elementary school, you know! Do we all really have to yell together before we eat?! Pft, please! Leave me out of it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Teachers' Lounge]

Arisa: Uhh, Sensei...? What did you want to talk to me about?
Homeroom Teacher: Ah, Ichigaya-san. Sorry to call you here during recess. The truth is, I've been a little worried about something... I wanted to talk to you about your grades...
Homeroom Teacher: I'll get right to the point. You haven't been performing as well, recently. You'll still hold your place at the top of the class, but... it's a little concerning, so I thought I should let you know.
Arisa: O-oh...
Homeroom Teacher: Is it possible that balancing school and your band could be affecting your work? It's fine if you want to take your music seriously, but you have tests coming up soon. You have to think of your future-
Arisa: Sensei...! Th-the... The band has nothing to do with my grades. And the last test we had was just a bit difficult, so I had a hard time, that's all... I have no problem balancing the two.
Arisa: Ah, how about we do this then? On the next test, I'll...
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... Hmph! Gimme a break.
Arisa: (What was that all about? That wasn't anything like I imagined it would be... I mean, sure, I have been spending more time with Kasumi and the others, and I have been studying less...)
Arisa: Either way... I said I can balance the two, so... I can't back out now...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Hey, hey, Arisa. What did you talk to the teacher about during recess? Was it about becoming student council president like we thought?
Arisa: No~! I-it wasn't really about anything special. It was just like... about how I've been doing and stuff. Small talk.
Kasumi: Ohh~. Aww~, and I thought this would be the birth of President Arisa~.
Arisa: W-would you cut it out already?! Forget about that... I've been thinking... It's been a while since we had a concert... I bet you all wanna have one, right?
Kasumi: What?! Absolutely positively! I always knew you and I thought alike, Arisa~. I've been thinking a lot recently about how I wanna put on a show!
Tae: Yeah! I do too!
Arisa: R-right? If you're in a band, you have to take the time to perform in front of other people, or else you'll start getting rusty... Don't you think?
Saya: Wow~, I never thought I'd hear you talk like this, Arisa.
Arisa: R-really? I'm pretty sure it's normal for the member of a band to wanna perform...
Saya: Did you just call yourself a member of the band...?
Arisa: I-is there something wrong with that? I-if possible, I also want us to write a new song for the concert...
Rimi: A new song...? You guys, I think if Arisa is going out of her way to say all of this, we have to do it. Kasumi-chan, will you be able to take care of the lyrics?
Kasumi: Mhm! I've got it, no question! Especially since Arisa's feeling so motivated! Let's do this thing!
Saya: Alright, then why don't we start by picking a date?
Arisa: ... Why don't we do a month from now? Here's a calendar... How's this day?
Rimi: Isn't that...? Wait, that's the last day of exams, isn't it?
Kasumi: Ahh~! That's right, Arisa! We have tests to take!
Arisa: Ohh~, i-is that right~? Oh yeah~, now that you mention it, it is~... Aha, ahahaha...
Arisa: (If we can debut a new song on the last day of exams, and I can get a total of 480 points on the 5 test subjects, Sensei will have no choice but to admit that everything is fine...)
Arisa: (You'll see...! I'm gonna balance my studies and the band, no problem!)
