band1-029 Chapter 9: What Should I Do?

Kasumi and Saya stop by Rimi's house. After hearing what they have to say, what will Rimi do...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ushigome Residence - Front]

Rimi: Kasumi-chan, Saya-chan... You came to see me~...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~, I've missed you~.
Saya: Sorry for just showing up like this. How's your cold? Fighting it off okay?
Rimi: M-mhm... I'm the one who should be apologizing for not answering your messages though...
Saya: No way. You're sick, you can't help that.
Rimi: Y-yeah...
Rimi: (The truth is, I couldn't answer because it felt kind of uncomfortable...)
Kasumi: We were worried about you, so I wanted to come see how you were doing right away, but Saya said we shouldn't just force our way into your house when you're not feeling well... Right, Saya?
Saya: Fufu. It sure was hard putting the brakes on her.
Rimi: ... Th-thank you. I ended up being sick much longer than I thought I would be... It makes sense that you would be worried...
Rimi: But there's no need for that anymore since my cold is going away.
Kasumi: Thank goodness~. Does that mean you're gonna be at school tomorrow?
Rimi: W-well...
Saya: Kasumi~, she's only just feeling better. You can't be so pushy. Rimi-rin, you don't have to do anything you're not up to doing, okay?
Rimi: Okay...
Rimi: Uhm... How was Arisa-chan today?
Rimi: I heard from O-Tae that you guys haven't been able to have rehearsal ever since that whole thing happened...
Kasumi: Y-yeah... It's true. Arisa seems to be really down too...
Rimi: Arisa-chan is...?
Kasumi: She was acting pretty strange that day, wasn't she? Like she was easily annoyed, or like she was mad at everything or something.
Rimi: That's because I did something to make her upset...
Saya: Nuh-uh, that's not it. She starting acting weird probably around... when she said we should have the concert on the last day of exams.
Rimi: ... What?
Kasumi: It seems like Arisa is dealing with something, all on her own. We did try to ask her about it, but she wouldn't tell us what it is...
Saya: I think she was so mean to you that day because of whatever she's going through...
Kasumi: That's why... you should forgive her, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: (... Arisa's worried about something?)
Kasumi: ... J-just so you know, Rimi-rin, we'll be waiting for you!
Kasumi: I want us to get back our sparkling and heart-pounding! So you-
Saya: Kasumi... That's enough. Remember, she's sick...
Kasumi: Oh, that's right! Sorry! I just haven't seen you in so long! It makes me wanna talk to you about everything!
Kasumi: Alrighty! Get over your cold so you can come back to school, Rimi-rin!
Saya: We'll be waiting.
Rimi: O-okay... Thank you...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: So Arisa-chan's been going through something...? And I left rehearsal just like that, without even realizing it...
Rimi: ... I'm sorry, Arisa-chan.
Yuri: Kasumi-chan and the others were so worried, they came to see you, huh?
Rimi: Ah, Sis...!
Yuri: Aren't you glad you made such good friends, Rimi?
Rimi: Sis... What am I supposed to do...?
Yuri: You won't get any advice from me. You have to come up with a solution on your own for this kind of thing.
Rimi: Come up with a solution... on my own...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence]

Kasumi: Arisa's taking a while to come home, huh?
Saya: Kasumi... You actually still plan on waiting?
Kasumi: I can't stand everything being awkward anymore!
Kasumi: I feel like it would be such a waste to let something like this make us uncomfortable to be around each other. More so if it keeps us from being together.
Kasumi: I want us to go back to being the Poppin'Party we were as soon as possible!
Saya: But with the way she was acting, she might just try to avoid us again...
Kasumi: And if she does, then I'll come here tomorrow before school! And if that doesn't work, I'll just come again! I will absolutely never give up!
Saya: You have thought of what you're gonna say, right?
Kasumi: I... have not. Forget that though. I'm just gonna hit her with everything I'm feeling!
Saya: Fufu... Amazing as always, Kasumi. That's exactly the kind of thing that makes you who you are!
Kasumi: Hey, cut it out~! There's nothing amazing about it!
Saya: I'm really happy we became friends. I get the feeling that if you're at the other end of the hallway and I try to hide, you'll do everything you can to find me.
Kasumi: ... Mhm! I'd definitely find you! And not just you! I'd find all of you! O-Tae, Rimi-rin, Arisa! Every single one of you!
Saya: Thanks... ... Ah, speaking of...
Kasumi: ... Arisa!
Arisa: K-Kasumi...
