band1-024 Chapter 4: I'm the Worst

Arisa looks to apologize to Rimi about what happened yesterday, but Rimi is taking the day off from school...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day - Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: ... Sigh.
Arisa: (If I really think about it, I should be grateful that everyone was willing to go along with my idea to have the concert on such a difficult day... The things I said yesterday were awful...)
Arisa: (I felt too awkward to stop by class A to go see them, but... I have to make sure to apologize to Rimi...)
Kasumi: A-Arisa...
Arisa: H-hey...
Saya: S-so your class let out early.
Arisa: ... Yeah.
Arisa: (I knew it... Could this be any more uncomfortable...?)
Tae: Hm? Arisa, your eyes seem kinda puffy. What's wrong?
Saya: Wha- O-Tae...!
Arisa: ... Hm? Uhhh... Where's Rimi?
Kasumi: Oh, well... Apparently, she took the day off because of her cold...
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Ah, I know! Arisa! When school's done, we can all stop by her place together! I bet she'd be happy to see us!
Kasumi: I wonder what she's up to right now~. Oh, of course! Whenever you get the day off from school, you can watch TV shows that you never get to see. That's always a nice change of pace.
Kasumi: D-don't you think, Arisa?
Arisa: ... O-oh. I see... Sigh... Yeah...
Arisa: This is all my fault... Haha...
Kasumi: Huh...? Arisa?
Arisa: After that mean thing I said to her yesterday... No way she'd wanna come to school today...
Kasumi: Th-that's not true! I told you, she's sick! She's been coughing since yesterday, and she didn't look so good. It really is a cold.
Arisa: Okay, so that means I was mean to her when she wasn't feeling very well...
Arisa: Either way...
Arisa: It makes me a terrible person.
Kasumi: ... What? Arisa, where are you going...?
Kasumi: Hey! Arisa?! Wait a sec'! Arisa!
Kasumi: Saya! I'll be right back! I'm gonna go talk to her!
Saya: Kasumi, hold on! Just take a breather.
Kasumi: Huh? But what about Arisa...?
Saya: Don't you think she's been acting a little strange lately? Like she's extra tired...? Or rather, like she's on edge?
Kasumi: Yeah, you're right. It did feel like that yesterday.
Saya: No, I don't mean just yesterday. There's actually a specific point when I think she started acting this way...
Saya: It was when we started talking about having the concert on the last day of exams.
Kasumi: What? From that long ago?
Saya: How do I put this...? It's like she's had this weird obsession with that day in particular.
Saya: Something about that moment... Something about the way Arisa was acting felt kinda off to me. She seemed more pushy than usual...
Kasumi: Now that you mention it, yeah...
Kasumi: I didn't realize. I was just so happy that she was motivated to do band stuff... But yeah, that actually sounds right.
Saya: I'm not sure, but... I think she might be dealing with something that we don't know about...
Kasumi: That we don't know about? What could that possibly be...?
Tae: Uhm, can I interrupt for a second?
Kasumi: Hm? Something wrong, O-Tae?
Tae: What are we gonna do about today's practice? We have rehearsal scheduled in Arisa's basement today, right?
Kasumi: Ah, you're right! There isn't a lot of time until the performance, so... I think we should practice whatever we can.
Tae: What about Rimi and Arisa?
Kasumi: Well, Rimi's sick, so there's nothing we can do about that. As for Arisa...
Saya: We might wanna give her some space for now.
Kasumi: But I think if she doesn't come today, it's gonna become even harder for her to come the next time. Sometimes things like this can get pretty complicated for her.
Saya: Y-you're right about that...
Kasumi: ... 'Kay, I got it! No point in racking our brains! Now is the time for action! I'll make things work with Arisa somehow!
Kasumi: I'm sure even she would have a change of heart once we're playing together! Just leave her to me!
