event37-05 Chapter 4: Let's Do What We Want to Do

After getting soaked, the girls remember the reason they came to Inoshima in the first place...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Aquarium Entrance]

Tomoe: Sea breeze and wet hair... So cold...
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry, everyone! This is all because I said I wanted to watch the show from the front...
Tomoe: It's fine, don't worry about it! Getting splashed on is one of the best parts of a dolphin show!
Ran: Besides, we should have realized this would happen. We're just as much at fault as you.
Himari: And now we have these super cute hooded towels because of it!
Moca: They made for great photos too~. See, that octopus towel really suits you, Ran.
Ran: ... Moca, delete that picture this instant.
Moca: Okay, okay~. No use putting up a fight~.
Ran: ... You didn't delete it, did you...?
Moca: Hey now~, didn't we just witness a great display of trust between those dolphins and their trainers~?  Have a little faith in me here. Do you really trust me that little~?
Ran: Sigh~... I knew I should have gone to the gift shop myself... Why on earth did I trust you and Himari? I'm such an idiot...
Himari: H-hey, come on now~! This is just another fond memory we'll have of this trip! O-oh yeah, your towel is so cute, Tsugu~! Maybe I should have gone with a dolphin too.
Tsugumi: I think your penguin towel is cute too, though. Actually, everyone's towel fits them so well. A shark for Tomoe-chan, a coelacanth for Moca-chan...
Ran: And my octopus...?
Moca: Don't worry~, Ran, your octopus is cute too~.
Ran: Forget about whether it's cute or not, why an octopus? I think a shark like Tomoe's would have been better...
Tomoe: Ahaha. It's a good thing we left it up to Himari.
Himari: Right~? Moca and I make an amazing team. Our choices are absolutely perfect♪
Ran: Moca, why did I get the octopus?
Moca: You've got a streak of red in your hair, right~? Therefore... similar?
Ran: Uhm... You know what, whatever.
Tsugumi: We've dried off for the most part, but now that the sun's starting to set, it's pretty cold...
Himari: Ah! I almost forgot! Tomoe, you wanted to see the sunset, right?
Tomoe: Ah~... Yeah, I did, but it's okay. I mean, I had such a good time with you guys today, I don't need anything else. It's no big deal if we miss it...
Himari: What?! No way~! The entire reason we came here in the first place was that you wanted to see the sunset, remember?
Moca: Yeah~. And we got up extra early and everything~.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, come on, let's go watch the sunset together!
Tomoe: Ahaha... Thanks, you guys.
Tsugumi: The sun's starting to go down, so we should probably hurry, shouldn't we?
Himari: Yeah. In this time of year, it gets dark before you even realize it.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, where was the sunset in that photobook taken? Is it close to here?
Tomoe: No, we probably have to take the train somewhere. From what I remember, that picture was of the ocean with Inoshima in the background.
Ran: What? 'Probably'? ... What about the station name?
Tomoe: ... Huh? Oh yeah, good question... I figured we'd just run into it if we walked around enough...
Moca: That's Tomo-chin for you, never bothering to check the details~...
Tomoe: S-sorry...
Himari: S-so what should we do?! If we don't know where it is, we won't be able to see the same scenery as that photo~!
Tomoe: Ah, in that case... Why don't we just kill some more time and then watch the sunset from here instead? I'm sure it's just as beautiful.
Himari: But then what was the point of coming~? You wanted to see that exact sunset from the photo, right?
Tomoe: I-I mean... Yeah, but... I don't want to rush everyone... So, you know...
Ran: We came all the way here, so we should do everything we came here to do. Besides, looks like we still have some time before the sun sets all the way.
Ran: You don't have to be shy around us, Tomoe. That's just not who we are. It's not what we do.
Tsugumi: I agree! Don't worry, Tomoe-chan, we'll find the place where they took the picture!
Tomoe: O-okay...! Thanks.
Ran: Cool. For now, let's head back to the station. We can figure out where we're going from there and still have enough time.
Moca: The sun's not gonna wait while we stand here anyway~. Alrighty, we better hurry~.
Tsugumi: No question about that! Everyone, to the station!
Tomoe: ...
Himari: Isn't this great, Tomoe?!
Tomoe: ... Yeah.
