event37-02 Chapter 1: The Terrace, Obviously!

The girls arrive at Inoshima. Himari has a pancake restaurant in mind, and it's the first stop on the list, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Early Morning]

[Station Entrance]

Tsugumi: Good morning, Tomoe-chan, Himari-chan! You're both early.
Tomoe: Oh, Tsugu! What's up!
Himari: Morning~! I just got here myself, but Tomoe's been here for a while now.
Tsugumi: But we're already early. When did you get here, Tomoe-chan?
Tomoe: Uhm... About 30 minutes ago, I think.
Tsugumi: Y-you came here that early?!
Himari: Fufu. Sounds like someone's really looking forward to today~.
Tomoe: E-enough about me! I wonder what's taking Ran and Moca so long.
Himari: I mean, we still have ten minutes before we're supposed to meet up. We just have to wait a little longer.
Tsugumi: Ah, speaking of which, look who's coming... Good morning, Ran-chan, Moca-chan.
Ran: ... Morning.
Moca: Yawn~... Mornin'~.
Himari: You both look really tired. Are you okay? Are you actually even awake?
Ran: Yeah... For now.
Moca: Why are we meeting so early~? I'm so sleepy~. Dozing off~. Nighty night~...
Tsugumi: Inoshima is kind of far from here. If we don't leave now, we won't be able to do everything we want to do.
Himari: Besides, we can just sleep on the train! 'Kay, now that's everyone's here, let's go! Inoshima, here we come~!
Tomoe: Thanks for coming, Ran.
Ran: We skipped the trip to the beach during the summer, so...
Tomoe: Haha. Gotcha.
Himari: Hello~. Ran~, Tomoe~! Hurry up or we're gonna leave you behind~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[An Hour And A Half Later]

[Inoshima]

Himari: We're here~! Mmm~! Just smell that sweet ocean breeze~!
Tsugumi: Where should we head first? We kinda planned this trip in the heat of the moment, so we don't have any set plans... Tomoe-chan, is there anywhere special you wanted to go?
Tomoe: Not really... I just wanna see the sunset.
Himari: Fufufu... I thought that might be the case so... I looked up Inoshima and checked what all the recommended stops are~♪
Moca: Ohh~, Hii-chan~, that's Himarvelous~!
Tomoe: Thanks, that'll be helpful! Alright, so should we check out somewhere Himari wants to go first? As long as I get to see the sunset, I'm down for whatever.
Tsugumi: Mhm, same here. How about you two?
Ran: I'll just go along with everyone else. Himari knows more about the area than me anyway.
Moca: As long as I get my pancakes and street foods, then I'm good~.
Himari: Oh, I made sure to look up the pancake place too! It's really close to the station, so let's go there first!
Ran: We're gonna eat already...?
Himari: I read that it's so popular that there's almost always a line! So I think it'd be better to go early before they get busy.
Moca: Agreed~. Let's go there first.
Ran: Sigh... Not you too, Moca... Fine, let's head over.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Inoshima - Café]

Tsugumi: We got here at the right time. It's not crowded at all. We can even choose between sitting outside on the terrace or sitting inside.
Ran: Let's sit inside. It's freezing out here.
Himari: What~? No way, we have to sit outside on the terrace! It says online that you get an amazing view of the ocean.
Himari: Besides, they have heaters out there. You can also rent blankets if you need them, so it won't even be that cold!
Ran: ... Himari, you really did your homework... I guess it's fine if they have heaters.
Himari: Okay, let's sit at that corner table~♪ Looks like we'll get the best view from there!
Tomoe: You're right. The scenery is really nice. Okay, I'll sit over here. Himari, how about you sit where you get to look right over the ocean?
Himari: Are you sure? Thanks, Tomoe~! 'Kay, I'll be sure to get the perfect snapshot~♪
Himari: (... Uh-oh, I know I insisted that we sit out here, but it's way colder than I thought it would be...)
Himari: (B-but... I can't tell them I'm cold now after all that... I'll just have to grin and bear it. Besides, I wanna take pictures of the ocean...)
Himari: (I wonder how everyone else is doing...?)
Ran: ... I think I'll order something warm.
Tomoe: ... Same.
Himari: (... I knew it. They're cold too...)
Moca: I'm getting pancakes! Delicious, delicious pancakes~♪
Tsugumi: Wow~, look at this menu! You can tell they're famous for their pancakes. There are so many types!
Tomoe: Banana caramel pancakes... Matcha and brown sugar pancakes... Man, this whole menu is pancakes. That's crazy.
Moca: I can't decide~... Hii-chan, what are you gonna get?
Himari: L-l-let's s-s-see...
Ran: Himari? That's a lot of shaking you're doing there... Are you cold by any chance?
Himari: A-ahaha~. What~? No way! I think I'll g-g-go with this one!
