event37-01 Opening: Like a Scene from a Book

It's recess time as Tomoe looks through a photo album of Inoshima. It seems like she wants to invite the others to go somewhere with her, but...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tomoe: Man, this photobook is the best. Especially this sunset... Sigh, I'd love to see it in person.
Moca: Hm~? Whatcha lookin' at, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: This photobook of Inoshima.
Tsugumi: Inoshima... Isn't that the place with the big aquarium?
Tomoe: Yeah, that's the one!
Himari: A photobook of Inoshima? I wanna see! Tomoe, can I see?! Can I see~?!
Tomoe: Of course. Let's all look at it together.
Himari: Thanks, Tomoe! Come on, Tsugu, get over here.
Himari: Wow~, this is amazing! Look at this picture of the ocean. It's so pretty~... The way the waves glisten in the sunlight really makes them glow!
Tsugumi: This shot of the town is great too! You can almost imagine all the people and everything they're doing.
Moca: Oh~, this cake shop is guaranteed to be scrumptious. My Moca cake sensors never lie~.
Himari: Oh! I know that cake shop! Everyone online was saying they're super good!
Tsugumi: Photobooks like this are so fun, aren't they? Just looking at them makes it feel like you're actually there sightseeing.
Tomoe: Right? That's why I like them so much.
Himari: Oh yeah, you do have a lot of photobooks in your room, don't you?
Tomoe: Those are all of places overseas though. So many unusual buildings, such unfamiliar scenery... I start getting worked up just looking at those photos.
Tsugumi: I think I know what you mean. It feels like we just got back from Inoshima, and all we did was go through this book.
Tomoe: U-uhm, you know... Inoshima's pretty close by, and I'm sure there are things we can't really experience through photos, so... how about we all-
Himari: Whoa~, look, look! This sunset is incredible~! It makes me want to frame the photo and hang it up in my room!
Tomoe: I-I know, right? Imagine seeing it in person! I bet it'd pack even more of a punch!
Himari: I'm sure it would~. It must be breathtaking in person~.
Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: (... Hm? What's going on with Tomoe-chan?)
Tomoe: A-and I heard Inoshima has a ton of great spots that are perfect for... getting likes? Like on social media. You're into that kind of stuff, aren't you, Himari?
Himari: Uh-huh, I love it! Yeah, Inoshima seems like it would have a bunch.
Tomoe: I also heard on the radio that they've set up all these lights and decorations in town as well.
Himari: Really~? I'm sure it's beautiful~! I'm already in love just imagining it~.
Tomoe: That's why I'm saying... You don't have to imagine it. We can just go see it toge-
Moca: Tomo-chin~, what's on your mind? Sounds like you got something to say~.
Tomoe: N-no... I mean...
Tsugumi: (It looks like Tomoe-chan wants to go to Inoshima, but she's having a hard time saying so...)
Tomoe: Okay, Moca, what do you think of Inoshima?
Moca: Sounds like fun to me~. Especially with those cakes. They look mighty tasty~.
Tomoe: Right? Wouldn't it be cool to go there?!
Moca: More like freezing. Especially around this time of the year~.
Tomoe: Ngh... W-well, winter also means the sunset would be prettier, and the same goes for the lights since they'll shine even brighter!
Moca: But I really hate the cold~. They even have a saying: A Moca will always be curled up under the kotatsu.
Himari: People don't say that... It would be nice to sit under the kotatsu together, though. We could stay warm and talk about girl stuff~.
Tomoe: (... U-usually Himari would be the first to say, "Sounds like fun! Let's go!"... Why not now?)
Tomoe: (... I can't ask everyone to go with me... Can I? I'm so bad at this stuff... It just feels awkward... Ugh~...)
Tsugumi: (T-Tomoe-chan... She looks so sad... Alright, maybe I can help...)
Tsugumi: H-hey! Inoshima sounds great! Looking at these photos makes me really want to go there!
Tomoe: Tsugu...!
Tsugumi: What do you think, Moca-chan? Himari-chan? It's probably a little cold, but doesn't it seem like we'd have a good time? It's been a while since we all took a trip together.
Moca: Well, when you put it that way, Tsugu~... Ngh~, but I really can't stand the cold~... I'm sure it's extra chilly near the seashore too.
Tsugumi: U-uhm... Oh! That's right! I remember hearing that there's a café famous for their pancakes in Inoshima.
Moca: Ohoho~. Pancakes, you say~...?
Tomoe: With the number of shops there, we could try out all sorts of foods. They probably have special winter items on their menus too.
Moca: ... Alright, I'm in. How about you, Hii-chan? Where there's food, there's always Hii-chan, right~?
Himari: Hmph! That's not true~! But after listening to you and Tsugu talk about it, I think I wanna go.
Tomoe: Nice. That means it's settled then, right?! Let's do it!
Himari: Yeah! Let's ask Ran when she's free too so we can all go!
Tsugumi: She might say no because of the cold, but... we'll just have to persuade her!
Moca: Don't worry. I'll convince her... Anything for pancakes.
Tomoe: Haha, sounds promising. Once class is over, let's all go tell Ran the plan.
Himari, Moca & Tsugumi: Yeah!
