event37-07 Ending: Equally Guilty

The girls finally arrive at their destination. What kind of view awaits them when they open their eyes on the count of three...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Seaside Near Inoshima]

Himari: Okay... Ready? No one's looked yet, right?
Moca: I can't see a thing~.
Himari: Alright, when I count to three, open your eyes! One... two... three!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ...!
Tsugumi: This sunset... It's amazing...
Ran: Even better than I expected...
Himari: See! That was a great plan I came up with, right?! I told you this was the way to go!
Tomoe: Yeah, when you first suggested we avoid looking at the sun while we headed to the seaside, I had my doubts.
Himari: I just thought the sunset might lose some of its magic if we accidentally saw it from the station.
Tomoe: Yeah, makes sense now. To think it'd be this breath-taking...
Moca: Your mission was a total success, Hii-chan~.
Ran: You're living up to your title as leader.
Himari: Fufu~! Go on, please continue! ... Ah! But I can't waste this perfect sunset! I have to capture this moment!
Tsugumi: Me too! Ran-chan, Moca-chan, are you sure you don't want to take a picture?
Ran: Might as well... Uhm... Like this?
Moca: Jeez~, Ran. Why are you taking a black and white photo? What's even the point~?
Ran: I... But Himari said that black and white photos get more likes, right?
Tsugumi: B-but, Ran-chan... You don't really post online.
Ran: Oh, yeah... Right... Sigh, I'm really not cut out for this sort of thing.
Moca: The way this photo looks though? It's got your name written all over it. Maybe you should save it.
Ran: Yeah. I guess so.
Tomoe: ... This sunset is a hundred times better in person. That photograph didn't even come close.
Tsugumi: Mhm, I agree! I definitely want pictures, but I also want to burn the image of this sunset into my mind.
Himari: Burn... Burn... Burn~!!
Tomoe: Ahaha, opening your eyes wide like that's not gonna do anything~.
Moca: Okay, then how else do you burn something into your mind~?
Tomoe: Huh? Uhm... Well, instead of your eyes... you just gotta use your heart, know what I mean...?
Ran: Haha, you don't know either, do you?
Tomoe: N-no, that's not- Ah... Ah... Achoo!!
Ran: Whoa, Tomoe. You oka-... Achoo!
Himari: Everything alright, you two?
Tomoe: Ahaha. I guess coming to Inoshima during this time of year really wasn't the best idea. Sorry, guys.
Himari: Don't apologize, Tomoe~! I was the one who made us sit outside on the terrace at the pancake place...
Tsugumi: And I'm the one who insisted we sit in the front row at the dolphin show... I'm sorry, everyone.
Ran: But isn't it our own fault for going along with everything? We're all equally guilty.
Moca: Yup. Super guilty partners in crime... Such criminals~!
Tomoe: You know, a lot happened today, but I think those things were part of the fun too... I guess I can't be the one to decide that though...
Himari: But you're right! It might have been a day filled with chaos, but I had a really good time!
Moca: Enjoying... chaos? I knew it. We really are criminals~.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, when we were looking at the photobook at school, I could tell you were holding back... You really wanted us to come here, didn't you? I'm glad you got your wish.
Tomoe: Ts-Tsugu, you noticed?! ... Ahaha, aw man, I feel so lame...
Himari: Tomoe, for someone who's always pushing and encouraging us, you always have a hard time expressing your own wants and needs~. Like you're trying to hide your true feelings or something.
Ran: Haha, I know right.
Tomoe: A-are you serious, Ran?! Look who's talking...! But you have a point... Guys, thanks for today. I don't think I would've had as much fun without you all here with me.
Tsugumi: No problem! ... Ah, look! The sun's almost completely set!
Moca: Oh~, it is~. Sunsets really do go by fast... But part of what makes them great is that they're... fleeting? Ah~, so fleeting~!
Himari: C-cut it out~! That's not what Kaoru-senpai sounds like at all~!
Tomoe: Haha. Well, that sunset may have only lasted a moment, but our friendship will last a lifetime!
Ran: Tomoe, what... was that?
Tomoe: Dunno. I suddenly got the urge to say that. Maybe it's because we've got yet another sunset-related moment to look back on.
Himari: Yeah, another one for the books...! And speaking of, how about we take one final picture together?
Moca: Uhm, but it's already dark out, so won't it be kinda pointless?
Himari: Huh?! W-we just have to try...! Please, you guys~!
(Black cut)
