band8-024 Chapter 24: Even After The Live Is Over

The day of the first live performance arrived, and Tomori's group was nervous. What words should they exchange with their senior band members?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[The Day of the Live Event]

[RiNG - Dressing Room]

Anon: Ugh, I can't believe it's almost time for the real thing...
Soyo: I'm so nervous! Is everyone ready?
Tomori: ...
Rana: I'm ready.
Anon: I can't even... All the other bands are just too great. I saw a girl singing while playing guitar at rehearsal...
Taki: Maybe you should try practicing for once.
Anon: Grrr...!  I'm practicing, but you don't have to say it like that.
Soyo: I'm sorry. When she gets nervous, Taki-chan snaps at everyone around her.
Anon: What, for real? Rikki, you're actually nervous?
Taki: ... So what?
Soyo: Everyone gets nervous~
Taki: ... Are you nervous, Tomori?
Tomori: Yes... There will be... An audience at the show, right?
Taki: I think most of them are fans of Afterglow or something.
Tomori: At the last show... One of the audience said...  “The vocalist was such a tryhard.”
Taki: Was that the social media comment you saw after the live show...? Why would you remember something like that?
Tomori: ! Uhm...
Taki: Ah, no! I didn't mean to blame you...... Tomori, you just need to perform live.
Taki: Because Tomori's live performance is always the best.
Tomori: Taki-chan...
Moca: Everyone, are you ready~? It's about time to go on stage~
Taki: ...!
Soyo: Yes, we'll be right there!
Ran: I hear it's your first live show, right? Good luck.
Moca: Go for it~
Taki: Thank you very much!
Soyo: Hehe... Taki-chan, aren't you glad Afterglow came to support us?
Rana: Do you like them?
Taki: Shut up. Come on, let's get going---
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Anon: Oh my goodness, it's getting crazy exciting...!
Soyo: The audience is so hyped~
Anon: Ha, can we really do it right...?  This live show...
Kasumi: Oh, I found Taki-chan's band! Yoo-hoo~!
Taki: Toyama-senpai? What's up?
Kasumi: You seemed nervous during the rehearsal, so I wondered if you were okay!
Rimi: We just wanted to check up on you. The first live performance is always nerve-wracking.
Anon: That's right~! I was already nervous during the rehearsal, just how am I supposed to handle a live audience?
Arisa: You don't usually get nervous that much huh, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Does it seem so? I haven't thought about it that much~...
Rimi: Before I go on stage, I write the character for “people” on my palm and swallow it.
Arisa: I do that sometimes too. And, despite what one might think, I try to focus on the audience closely.
Tomori: ... What?
Arisa: I can see that we're connecting with the audience, and I'm happy when I know they're enjoying the show.
Rimi: I get nervous when I think they are strangers, but they all came here because they love concerts and music.
Kasumi: So don't worry, the audience is on your side!
Tomori: ...
Taki: Thanks a lot. We're going on stage.
Rana: Time to perform.
Anon: Oh, both of you... Ummm, let's go...
Soyo: ... Wait, Tomori-chan.
Tomori: What is it?
Soyo: I wanted to tell you before the live show...
Soyo: Even after today's live show... Let's keep playing as a band!
Tomori: Soyo-chan...
Tomori: Yeah. Let's keep playing with the band.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
