band8-021 Chapter 21: It's Like A Cat

A few days had passed since they started practicing a new song. The band's atmosphere began to stagnate due to an unexpected situation.

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Anon: Thanks for waiting until I was done with class duty!
Tomori: No problem. Let's go to the studio together.
Anon: It's pretty tough having to practice every day, isn't it? My fingertips get all torn up...
Anon: Oh, I'm using the band-aid you gave me! The penguin one!
Tomori: That one's... A snares penguin...
Anon: Wow~, I didn't know she had a name like that.
Anon: ... Do you think Rana-chan will come to practice today?
Tomori: I don't know... she didn't come yesterday.
Anon: Even though we put in Rana-chan's part and fixed the song. But she either barges in suddenly or doesn't show up without notice.
Anon: That's why Rikki's been on edge all the time. She's always strict with me, but she's also been very hard on Soyo-san.
Tomori: Taki-chan... has been getting angry a lot lately.
Anon: I mean, the problem is the songs!
Anon: Because we don't know if she's coming or not... I've been made to practice both versions with and without Rana-chan!
Anon: I'm starting to lose track of which is which...
Tomori: ... Oh.
Anon: Huh? Soyo-san? Why are you here at Haneoka?
Soyo: Tomori-chan and Anon-chan...
Anon: ? Did you say something?
Soyo: No, nothing.
Soyo: I just had some business nearby, so I thought I'd go to the studio with you two.
Anon: You've been waiting for us! Then, let's go to practice together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[RiNG Studio]

Anon: Hello~. Rikki, are you here yet?
Taki: You need to tell us if you're coming to practice or not.
Taki: Heck, you said you were coming to practice, right?
Rana: ? I came.
Taki: No, I mean, I want you to tell us before you come. Stray Cat, give me your phone.
Rana: Phone... Here you go.
Taki: Surely you have a message app... There we go. I added you into our group, so make sure you come. And don't be late.
Rana: Hmm. Ok.
Anon: ... Um~, which score are we practicing on today?
Taki: The one with the Stray Cat part.
Anon: What...?  I can't play that one yet...!
Taki: Practice by yourself until you can play it.
Anon: Aww~...
Soyo: Since we're all here now, let's do it together!
(Black cut)
Rana: I'm satisfied.
Taki: Hey, why are you cleaning up? We haven't finished practicing. We aren't even close to having a unified sound yet.
Rana: You're right.
Soyo: If it's Rana-chan's performance, we don't have to worry about it, right?
Taki: What about you? Are you practicing seriously?
Taki: You're even worse than before.
Soyo: Eh~, I'm trying my best though~
Taki: We're not a band if we don't all fit together!
Taki: Anon, you're no good at all either! Practice twice as much as the others... Huh? Where's the Stray Cat?
Tomori: Rana-chan's gone home...
Taki: Huh!?
Soyo: She's really like a cat, isn't she~?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shina Residence - Taki's room]

Taki: Sigh... We couldn't practice well...
Taki: That Stray Cat just comes and goes as she likes... At this rate, I can't even tell if she'll come to the live show.
Taki: That amateur Anon can't cope with learning two versions of the song. Either we do it without the Stray Cat or...
Taki: If we don't decide soon, we won't be able to make it to the live show.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sakiko: I've fixed the sheet music for “Haruhikage” as you requested.
Sakiko: If you have any other concerns, please let me know. This is my responsibility as the songwriter.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Taki: Why do I have to think of her now...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
