band8-036 Chapter 36: Soyorin

Soyo and Anon, on their way back from RiNG. The topic of conversation between them was about Tomori, who brought everyone together…

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[The Way Back Home]

Soyo: ... Tomori-chan is so stubborn.
Anon: ... Only noticing now?
Soyo: Performing live... All five of us. What was she going to do if I said no?
Anon: I doubt she even thought about it.
Anon: If she wasn't stubborn, she wouldn't have fought with us to get Soyo-san back.
Soyo: What...?
Anon: She didn't give up either the band or Soyo-san. Not even when she's all alone.
Soyo: Really....
Anon: We're all here because of her, aren't we?
Soyo: ...
Anon: ... You know what? I won't call you Soyo-san anymore.
Soyo: What?
Anon: I won't quit! Soyorin, you can't quit, either!
Soyo: Huh? Soyorin?
Anon: Don't quit --!
Soyo: Stop it!
Soyo: What's with her...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few days later]

[Edogawa Music Store]

Soyo: What should we do? In the end, we still haven't finished the new song or costumes.
Tomori: ... Sorry. The lyrics, I couldn't write it...
Taki: ! Tomori, you don't have to push yourself.
Soyo: Can we make it in time it she doesn't?
Taki: That's...  True.
Anon: But if it's a band name, I came up with it! "ANON TOKYO"!
Soyo & Taki: No way.
Anon: Why not! There's no other option when you think about it! You all really have no taste!
Soyo: Speaking of which, what about the costumes?  We're fine without them, but you said you'd make them, right?
Anon: Of course, I had it all figured out!
Anon: I have reference pictures of costumes on my phone~. Look, how about this one?
Taki: Are these images of foreign celebrities?
Tomori: What an amazing dress...
Soyo: It's almost naked!
Rana: Easy and comfy.
Taki: That thing's hard to make, let alone wear.
Soyo: It's not the kind of dress we'd wear in a band to begin with.
Anon: I don't think it's good to be stuck in stereotypes.
Anon: I think there are many ways to show off! I want to stand out!
Taki: ... Now I know why you can't decide on our costume.
Soyo: I doubt she's thinking about a band's look.
Taki: Anyway, we gotta get something together for at least the new song tonight. Are we all going to gather somewhere?
Tomori: Again at Taki's house?
Taki: No...  Five people won't fit in my house.
Soyo: ...
Soyo: ...  Then do you want to talk at my house?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
