band8-002 Chapter 2: 1st Year, A Class

Anon is a late entrant to Haneoka. In order to fit in with her class, she immediately begins to make herself move. ......

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy Class 1-A]

Anon: Hello! My name is Anon Chihaya, and I will be a member of this class starting today!
Anon: I'm entering this class at a strange time because of my family's circumstances, but I'd like you to be friends with me. Thank you in advance for helping me out!
Anon: (Whew, I've managed to introduce myself in a safe way, that's about as good as I can get in order to fit in.)
Teacher: Chihaya-san, please take the empty seat in the very back.
Anon: Okay!
Anon: Oh, stones...
Tomori: ...?
Anon: Ah, hahaha, nice to meet you!
Anon: (My seat is behind this girl~...  I'm sure she was the one who was picking up rocks on the day of the transfer interview, right?)
Tomori: Chihaya...san.
Anon: ... Eh, what?
Tomori: I'm Tomori Takamatsu. Nice to meet you...
Anon: Umm, yeah, nice to meet you...
(Black cut)
Anon: (Oh no, it's already lunchtime...! Who should I be friends with?)
Anon: (That girl is too hyped... That girl over there is... too serious)
Tomori: Ah... today's lunch box has furikake on it...
Anon: (Is this girl a little... too special? That group of three seems... easy to talk to.)
Anon: Excuse me... can I eat my lunch with you all?
Mai: Yes, let's eat! We want to hear all about you, Chihaya-san.
Anon: Really? I'm glad, I was wondering what I would do if I couldn't find anyone to eat with.
Eri: I know, it's a little scary when it's your first time at school.
Kanako: What should we call you? Your last name Chihaya sounds just like a first name, that's cute. What were you called at your old school?
Anon: Uh,...
Anon: ... Anon is fine!
Kanako: Well then, Anon-chan! You said you were late to enter school because of your family's circumstances, that sounds tough!
Anon: That's right, it's so hard! Everyone's already formed into friend groups right?
Kanako: Huh? But don't you know Tomori-chan? You talked with her this morning.
Anon: No, no, no! I ran into her picking up some rocks .....
Anon: Huh? Wow! What's this? How did feathers land on my desk?.....
Tomori: Oh, I'm sorry! I opened my bag and everything flew away....
Anon: Oh, are these... Takamatsu-san's?
Tomori: Tail feathers of a hazel crow... Somewhere there are also the wind-scraped feathers of starlings and pheasants...
Anon: (Why are there bird feathers in her bag...! And why are there so many of them in there...!?)
Mai: I've never looked at them properly up close, but... feathers are so beautiful when you look at them like this!
Tomori: ! I have many more! They're in the club room, so... please wait...
Mai: Oh, she's gone...
Kanako: I can't believe she collects feathers, she's really cute, isn't she?
Eri: Yes, yes. She's more like a squirrel. The other day, she was picking up leaves in the corner of the schoolyard....
Anon: (I thought she was an odd little girl... Maybe she's unexpectedly popular...?)
Anon: (I mean, she's a beloved character... maybe more like a class mascot.)
Anon: ... Huh?
Mai: What's wrong?
Anon: I just noticed that a lot of girls in this class brought their instruments.
Anon: You all brought yours, too. Are you in a band?
Mai: We just started, but maybe there are a lot of students in bands at our school.
Kanako: I think Tomori-chan is the only one in our class who's not in a band.
Anon: Wow... everyone is playing in a band...
Eri: How about you, Anon-chan? Do you play any instruments?
Anon: Heh? Oh, I play a little bit. I guess I'm a guitarist and vocalist...
Mai: Wow! Me too, me too! If you like, Anon-chan, why don't you join us in the band? We need another guitarist to play Afterglow songs.
Anon: (Guitar? If I join this three-piece as a guitarist...)
Anon: (So that means..... I'll be at the edge...)
Anon: Thanks for inviting me~! But I haven't played the guitar since my junior high school festival, I'm not very good at it, so I feel bad about joining...
Mai: Oh, you don't have to worry about it.
Anon: I'd like to form a band, so I'll try to find members by myself.
Eri: If you're looking for members, you should check out the bulletin boards of Live Houses. There's a new place called RiNG recently, you should try there.
Anon: Hmm I see, RiNG, huh? Thanks for letting me know-- !
(Black cut)
(Background change)
