band8-006 Chapter 6: RiNG

Anon visits RiNG with her classmates. There, she meets a certain girl again…

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[RiNG Entrance]

Anon: (I thought I had seen the name RiNG somewhere before, but...)
Anon: (I was in front of RiNG yesterday when that creepy girl tried to pick a fight.)
Anon: (Maybe she's a staff member here? Geez, it would be terrible to see her again.)
Anon: (Mai-chan and her friends went to studio practice, so I'm just going to check out the applications on the bulletin board and go home quickly.)
Anon: Let's see... bulletin board, bulletin board...  Drummer wanted, keyboard and bass players wanted...  huh?
Anon: Ah! The Tsukinomori girl from yesterday!
Soyo: Ahhh, the girl who was in front of RiNG...  right?
Anon: (When it comes to Tsukinomori, it's a prestigious school for prestigious young ladies...)
Anon: (I hear rumors that only children of politicians and celebrities are admitted, it might be a good thing if we get to know each other... !)
Anon: Thank you for your concern and reaching out to me yesterday. I'm sorry I left without saying thank you.
Soyo: Don't worry about that~
Anon: At that time, I was troubled because a girl I didn't know was picking a fight. I don’t know what she was going on about, or what's her deal...
Soyo: I'm sorry my friend made you feel that way. I don't think she had any bad intentions either...
Anon: (Oh, shoot~...! I didn't think she and that girl from yesterday were acquaintances...!)
Anon: Well, you know...  I'm sorry for saying bad things about your friend...
Soyo: It's okay. It's natural to be surprised when someone says something like that to you out of the blue.
Soyo: Oh yeah, let's not just stand here, why don't we go to the cafe over there and have some tea?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Kasumi: Wow! That was amazing! That was a cool performance!
Saya: Are you done for today?
Rana: I'm satisfied.
Anon: Woah, that guitar...  was amazing!
Soyo: Yeah, that was awesome~ I see that girl play here sometimes.
Anon: Heh, heh... I mean, this cafe is amazing. I can't believe they even have a stage where you can perform!
Soyo: You've been quite polite since we started talking, but we're probably the same age, right?
Anon: Huh? First year in high school? You look so composed, I thought you were my senior!
Anon: Um, may I ask your name? My name is Anon!
Soyo: I'm Soyo. Nice to meet you, Anon-chan~
Soyo: ... So... are you looking for band members, Anon-chan?
Soyo: You were looking at a bulletin board for band members earlier right? I was wondering if you wanted to join a band.
Anon: Oh~... that's right, I couldn't find any openings for the part I want to play...
Soyo: Then how about searching on SNS? If you try, you'll find a lot of openings for different parts of the band.
Anon: Oh, I didn't know that was possible on SNS... Soyo-san, you know a lot about bands, don't you?
Soyo: ... I used to be a member.
Anon: Eh? Someone from Tsukinomori is in a band... ? I'm a little surprised...
Soyo: I wonder if it's really that rare. When I was in junior high school, a friend of mine invited me to join.
Anon: That's nice! Everyone at my high school is already in a band! There's no place I could join if it's my part~...
Soyo: Which parts are you doing, Anon-chan?
Anon: I'm vocals and guitar!
Anon: Worst case scenario, I can give the guitar part to someone else...  but I still want to be a vocalist!
Soyo: Hmm, I haven't seen so many recruitments looking for vocalists only~
Taki: ... Your order. If you've decided, I'll take it.
Anon: ...!?
Anon: (This is the girl from yesterday I definitely didn't want to meet~...)
Soyo: Oh, that's right, we haven't ordered anything yet. I'll have my usual, a hot Earl Grey.
Anon: Lovely~! The same!
Taki: ... tsk!
Anon: She clicked her tongue at me!?
Taki: Two hot Earl Greys.
Anon: What's up with that...! What a terrible attitude~!
Soyo: Anon-chan, don't stare at her so much... I mean, why are you fighting?
Anon: I don't know. I was talking with my friend and she suddenly attacked me, saying "What do you want?" or "Are you really her friend?"...
Anon: She suddenly got mad at me and asked me if I had invited Tomori to join the band....  I really don't get it~.
Soyo: Tomori...
Soyo: Maybe, do you mean... Tomori Takamatsu?
Anon: What? Oh, yes... we are in the same class... Do you know her?
Soyo: ... She's a friend of mine.
Soyo: ... I see. She's in Haneoka...
Soyo: You said you invited... Tomori-chan, didn't you? Are you going to be in a band together?
Anon: Well... I invited her, but she turned me down...
Anon: By the way, Soyo-san. Which part did you play in the band?
Soyo: I was in charge of the bass guitar.
Anon: Wow! A bass guitarist? How well can you play bass?
Soyo: I'm not that good. I played as a club activity.
Anon: Ah~ well then! I have a suggestion for Soyo-san...!
Anon: (She has experience in a band, knows a lot of things, and seems to be reliable...)
Anon: (And she seems to be as good as me in terms of instrumental skills! Which makes me more prominent in my part...!)
Anon: Soyo-san... Would you like to play together with me?
Soyo: Okay~!
Anon: Really? Are you serious? Do you really want to play in a band with me?
Soyo: Oh, but maybe I'll start out as a support for the band or something...
Anon: Oh, that's totally fine! Can I have your contact information?
Soyo: Yes, sure!
Anon: (Yay~~~~!! I love you Soyo-san!!)
Soyo: ... I see, Tomori-chan turned down your offer~. I guess she's such a sensitive girl~
(Black cut)
(Background change)
