band8-010 Chapter 10: The Cries Of My Heart

Five girls gathered as band members. Sakiko talks about her longing and feelings for the band…

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sakiko: Okay, Tomori-san. Let me introduce you all.
Sakiko: Soyo-san is the bass player. She plays double bass in Tsukinomori's brass band.
Sakiko: The other day at the Tsukinomori Music Festival, she put on a wonderful performance, so I asked her to join our band,
Soyo: I was so surprised when she asked me all of a sudden.
Sakiko: This is Mutsumi. She's been playing the guitar since she was a child, so you can count on her.
Mutsumi: ... Er, no, no.
Sakiko: No need to be shy, Mutsumi... You need to have more confidence in yourself.
Tomori: Are you both Sakiko-chan's friends?
Sakiko: Mutsumi is my childhood friend. Soyo-san is my classmate...
Soyo: This is practically the first time we've talked like this.
Sakiko: As for the other one, the drummer, we've never met before.
Taki: ... I'm Shina.
Taki: ...
Sakiko: I've been friends with Taki-san's older sis for a while. That's why I asked her to join us this time.
Sakiko: Taki-san's older sis is the head of the Haneoka brass band. She is also an accomplished musician who has achieved excellent results in individual competitions. Lately, I hear, she has been active in the local orchestra.
Taki: ... Is that relevant now?
Sakiko: Excuse me. Let me back up.
Sakiko: Ahem... Once again, thank you very much for coming together today.
Sakiko: I have been looking forward to meeting you all.
Sakiko: From now on, we are a band... We're destined to play music together!
Soyo: We're destined...?
Sakiko: Yes, isn't it nice?
Mutsumi: ... What kind of music are we supposed to play?
Sakiko: Good question. Do you know the band called Morfonica? It's a band of Tsukinomori seniors...
Soyo: Yes, I know of them. They played at the last Tsukinomori Music Festival, right?
Sakiko: Yes, I was at that festival too, listening to Morfonica's performance.
Sakiko: They conveyed the strength hidden within the elegance of the music, the joy of playing in a band above all...  I was very impressed.
Sakiko: So, my hope is that we'll play a song by Morfonica, but...
Sakiko: We'd aim to play our original songs in the future.
Soyo: What? Our original?
Taki: We haven't even played together yet. Isn't it too ambitious?
Sakiko: No, not at all. I'll write the music score...
Sakiko: Above all, Tomori-san here is a genius at writing lyrics.
Tomori: ...!? What...?
Taki: This girl is...?
Sakiko: Tomori-san, can you show us your notebook?
Tomori: ... uh!
Taki: ... Hurry up and hand it over. I need to see it to understand.
Soyo: I want to see it too.
Tomori: Uh-huh. Okay, here you go...
Taki: ... like this?
Soyo: I've never written lyrics before, so it's great that you can do it!
Sakiko: In Tomori-san's home, she has a lot of notebooks where she wrote down lyrics.
Sakiko: I have songs that I played on the piano, and I'll show them to you later in the studio.
Tomori: ...? What's a studio...?
Soyo: What?
Tomori: I don't... know. What does... a band do?
Taki: Eh? You don't know what......
Sakiko: ... Tomori-san, you are a vocalist, right?
Tomori: ... what?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The way home]

Tomori: ...
Sakiko: ... Don't be too discouraged, Tomori-san. It's normal to make mistakes on your first try.
Tomori: But... I couldn't sing at all, so...
Sakiko: You're just not used to singing in front of people. If you practice again and again, I'm sure you'll...
Tomori: Why...
Sakiko: ...?
Tomori: Why me...?
Sakiko: ... Those lyrics were written by you. Of course it would be better if you sing them yourself.
Sakiko: Because Tomori-san's lyrics are a cry from your heart.
Sakiko: ... I want to be! Human!
Tomori: Saki-chan!? Don't be so loud...
Sakiko: The traffic is so loud. No one can hear me.
Sakiko: You can scream as loud as you want on this pedestrian bridge. Come on, Tomori-san, let's scream together!
Tomori: But...
Sakiko: Tomori!
Tomori: Uh, yeah...
Tomori: ... I want to live like everyone else, but...  I want to be human!
Sakiko: You can do it if you try... ! Keep it up!
Tomori: ... but I'm so nervous in the studio... It's different from here...
Sakiko: Don't worry, I'm sure we'll find a good way! Let me talk to everyone about it at our next practice!
Tomori: ... Yeah.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
