event289-03 Chapter 2: Moments Savored with Music

Afterglow, heading to the message board after the live, finds something...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[“SPRINGTIME∞ASTROCK” - Food Area]

Himari: MyGO!!!!!’s live was seriously amazing~!
Tomoe: Yeah, and the crowd around us was totally hyped too!
Tsugumi: Yeah, yeah. Just watching them made me happy.
Ran: For saying they were nervous, they actually pulled it off pretty well.
Moca: Wow~ Even the scary-faced Mitake-senpai is all smiles~.
Ran: Shut it, Moca. You looked like you were having a blast too.
Moca: Well yeah~ The first song was one I knew, so I got super pumped~.
Tsugumi: That was "Hekitenbansou," right?
Himari: Yep yep! They played it the last time we shared a live too, didn’t they?
Tomoe: It sounded completely different in the open air compared to a live house! The way the sound spread out was amazing.
Ran: Yeah. I’m excited for our show too.
Tsugumi: Same here! ...Hey, what should we do now? Feels a little early for lunch.
Himari: Wanna walk around the venue a bit? I really wanna check out the message board and the photo spot!
Moca: Knew you’d say that, Hii-chan. No objections here~.
Ran: Yeah. Then let’s head for the message board.
Tomoe: We just need to go through the food area, right?
Himari: Yeah, past this part is the white board... Oh, wait! That cupcake looks so good~!
Moca: Ooh, I smell fresh-baked melon bread from this direction~... So much yummy stuff around here~.
Tomoe: Oh, that katsudon over there looks delicious too~! Himari! There’s cheesecake over there!
Himari: Wait, that’s the one they posted about on the fest’s official account!? I totally wanted to buy it~! Can I go check it out real quick!?
Ran: ...At this rate, we’re never gonna make it to the message board.
Tsugumi: But getting sidetracked all the time is just the same as always for us, huh?
Ran: Yeah, that’s true.
Ako: Huh? That’s my big sis! Hey~!
Sayo: Wait, Udagawa-san, it’s dangerous to just take off running like that.
Tomoe: Hey, Ako! And Roselia—great to see you all!
Lisa: Yoo-hoo~☆ Were you guys checking out the venue too, Afterglow?
Moca: Yup~ Our destination’s the message board, but~.
Himari: There’s just so much yummy-looking stuff around, it’s so tempting~...!
Rinko: Fufu... We were just saying the same thing ourselves...
Yukina: Ako, was this the place you wanted to go?
Ako: Yes! This "Kilimanjaro Katsudon"! I saw the sign when we got here and I haven’t stopped thinking about it!
Tomoe: You too, Ako? I just spotted it now and was thinking I’d love to try it!
Ako: Right, right! This katsudon looks just like the one Nin-Vincible ate!
Ran: Nin-Vincible... wasn’t that...?
Rinko: That’s the sentai show Ako-chan and Tomoe-san liked when you were little, right, Ako-chan...?
Tomoe: That’s right. It looks like the katsudon the heroes ate before an important battle.
Ako: When you eat it, your power doubles and your fighting spirit gauge fills right up!
Himari: Seriously, you and Ako-chan haven’t changed a bit. You’ve still got the same tastes even after growing up.
Moca: Though, Tomo-chin, didn’t you try to stop liking Nin-Vincible back in grade school? Said it was “too childish”~?
Tomoe: D-Did I really say that...!?
Tomoe: I mean, maybe I thought acting cool meant saying stuff like that back then. Now I think staying true to what you love is way cooler.
Ako: My big sis always knows what’s cool. I think that’s the coolest thing about you!
Lisa: Ahaha, Tomoe’s the coolest big sis in Ako’s world, after all.
Ako: You bet! But today, I won’t lose either!
Ako: I’m gonna eat katsudon and power up to max darkness mode and play the most epic set ever! You’d better be ready, sis!
Tomoe: Oh, bring it on!
Lisa: Wow~, you two are super fired up.
Sayo: Weren’t you all heading to the message board? Sorry for holding you up.
Tsugumi: No worries, it was fun talking with you.
Lisa: Then we’ll go line up at the kitchen truck. Let’s catch up later.
Himari: Yep. See you later~!
Moca: Man~, Ako-chin’s always such a cool kid~.
Tomoe: Totally. She doesn’t even need katsudon to be cool.
Tomoe: Makes you wonder just how cool she’d be if she did eat it!
Himari: Hey, none of that weak talk! Tomoe, you should eat like three bowls of katsudon to get fired up too!
Tomoe: What!? No way I could eat that much!
All: Ahahaha!
Tsugumi: Oh, I can see the message board!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Wow~ So many messages already! Let’s see, let’s see...
Moca: Oh, found one with some poetic vibes~ “Pastel＊Palettes / I will always follow you / wherever you go.”
Ran: An idol fan’s haiku...?
Tsugumi: Fufu, you can really feel their passion in just a few words. Everyone’s messages show how excited they were for this fest.
Tomoe: So, what should we write? Anyone got any ideas?
Moca: Marina-san said we could write anything we wanted, right~?
Tsugumi: Yeah. But I wonder if the other bands are writing about their goals or dreams or something.
Ran: Band goals, huh... That’s kinda hard to define when you actually stop and think about it.
Himari: Just staying together as Afterglow forever doesn’t really feel like a goal, exactly~...
Moca: Maybe it’s the words "dream" and "goal" that sound so heavy~? We should keep it lighter~.
Moca: Like “I wanna eat tons of fresh-baked bread!” That kind of “thing I wanna do” is fine, right~?
Tomoe: If we’re talking about things we wanna do, we’ve got a bunch~. Ran wanted us all to go to the planetarium, and Himari’s always talking about the beach.
Ran: Speaking of summer, it’s always Himari with her, “Let’s go to the beach!”
Himari: Why does that sound like a seasonal tradition now...!?
Tsugumi: Something the five of us want to do, huh... Oh, I got it.
Tsugumi: What if we aim to play at a big fest like this again, with lots of different bands?
Himari: That sounds super fun! Like, not a contest or a tournament, just a celebration with lots of bands, right?
Tomoe: I like it! I love that kind of festive vibe.
Ran: Same here. It feels like we’d get to play as pure Afterglow.
Moca: I’m in too~.
Himari: Then it’s settled! I’ll start looking for a good event already!
Ran: You’re jumping the gun. Shouldn’t we start by writing that on the board first?
Tsugumi: Fufu, that’s true. Then how about we have Ran-chan be the one to write it?
Moca: I’ll draw Benjamin-kun next to Ran while she writes~.
Himari: Let’s all add something around it too! First, we write the band name in red~... and then...
Tomoe: Here, Ran. Use this pen. Make it big and bold!
Ran: Yeah yeah. Okay then...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
