event289-06 Chapter 5: Roaring Cheers, Trembling Hearts

Kokoro can’t wait for their turn on stage. At that moment, she looks out at the audience from offstage and—

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Offstage]

Hagumi: Wow~~, there are so many people in the audience!
Kaoru: With this many souls awaiting us, let us take the stage at once.
Kokoro: Yes! Then let’s start the live show right away!
Michelle: K-Kokoro-chan~! Wait for me~~!
Kanon: Haa... haa... I made it just in time...
Hagumi: Michelle! Kano-chan-senpai! Let’s hurry to the stage—everyone’s waiting for us!
Michelle: No, not yet~!
Michelle: There are still staff members on stage, right~? They’re getting our instruments ready~.
Kokoro: I see. Then let’s go help them set up!
Michelle: Let’s not do that either~...! If we handle the equipment wrong, it could be dangerous~.
Kaoru: Indeed, Michelle speaks the truth. It’s by trusting the backstage work that we can create the best performance.
Kanon: Yeah, maybe waiting until we’re called is part of our job too...
Hagumi: Got it! I’ll wait as hard as I can!
Michelle: I’m so glad... I stopped it before anything could happen...
Kanon: Fufu, but I do get how eager Hagumi-chan is to get on stage right away.
Kanon: All the bands so far have been really amazing.
Michelle: Indeed. Maybe it’s the openness of the outdoor setting, but everyone seems more relaxed than usual.
Hagumi: Ah—look over there, everyone!
Michelle: H-Hagumi-chan...! Shhh!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Charley, she came! I’m so glad I gave her that ticket!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: (Misono-san... she has that “Well, I did get handed a ticket, so I had no choice” kind of look...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: And look over there—Akari and the softball team are here too! So are the kids who were on Hello, Happy Channel!
Kaoru: Looks like our high school juniors and even some college little kittens are here too. The anticipation in their eyes... so fleeting...
Kokoro: Everyone’s looking forward to it! We’ve prepared something special today so that everyone can smile their very brightest!
Michelle: (...Hm? I’ve got a bad feeling about this...)
Michelle: Kokoro-chan~, about this “special preparation” you mentioned—
Marina: Thanks for waiting, Hello, Happy World~! Are you all ready to go?
Kanon: Thanks for your hard work, Marina-san. We’re ready whenever you are.
Kaoru: A true performer is always ready to take the stage.
Hagumi: I’m all set too! I’m gonna make everyone smile super big~!
Marina: Fufu, that’s reassuring. Alright, Hello, Happy World! Please head to the stage!
Kokoro: Yes! Everyone, let’s go!
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile~~!
Hello, Happy World!: Yay~~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Alright, now it’s time for a live show from us, Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: Let’s all have fun together, with smiles shining bright like the sun~~!!
Tae: Waaah~! Hello, Happy World~~!!
Kasumi: Hagu~~!!
Hagumi: Wow! The girls from Poppin'Party are waving at us! Okay, then I’ll...here goes!
Saya: Whoa~! That was such a huge jump! Hagumi really is amazing~.
Kaoru: Fufu, I can’t let myself be outdone. My little kittens, here’s a gift of love from me.
Rimi: Kyaaa~~! Roses are falling from the sky~~! Kaoru-san, you’re so fleeting today too~~...!
Arisa: Oh no, at this rate Rimi’s gonna pass out...! Hey, Rimi! Hang in there!
Rimi: Ha...! Thank you, Arisa-chan...!
Kokoro: Mmmm~~~ Everyone has such dazzling smiles! I want to make you all smile even more!
Kokoro: Oh my, there are some kids dancing happily over there. I’m coming to join you—let’s dance together!
Michelle & Kanon: (E-Ehhh~~~!?)
Michelle: K-Kokoro-chan~! Jumping down like that is dangerous...!
Audience Member: Whoa~~~~!!
Kanon: Fufu, everyone looks like they’re having fun...! This kind of thing is just so Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Keep it up, everyone! Now clap your hands and spin around!
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Ahaha, the front row is going wild! You don’t usually see someone jump into the crowd at a fest.
LOCK (Rokka): But everyone looks like they’re having so much fun~!
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san, let’s clap along too, all together!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, even though the band and the song don’t give off that impression, it’s actually the most rock 'n' roll stage of them all.
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. You can feel their resolve—they’ll do anything to make the show they want happen.
CHU² (Chiyu): They’re still totally chaotic, but each member’s personality shines through, creating something completely one-of-a-kind...
CHU² (Chiyu): That kind of offbeat performance style is what defines Hello, Happy World!, isn’t it?
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, watching calmly is wonderful too, but it’s only by joining in that you can truly enjoy it! Come on, together now—clap, clap!
CHU² (Chiyu): W-why would I do something like that...!?
(Black cut)
Kokoro: —Whew! Thanks, everyone! It was so much fun being close to all your smiling faces!
Hagumi: From up here too, everyone’s smiles were shining like today’s sunny sky!
Kaoru: The fleeting beauty of your smiles fills my heart. Thank you.
Kanon: Thank you so much for all the big cheers! We’ve gotten so many smiles from everyone who came today, too!
Hagumi: That’s right! Even Michelle’s got a sparkling smile on right now!
Michelle: Ahaha... Seeing everyone having so much fun makes Michelle happy too~.
Kokoro: Let’s make the next song even more fun! You’re not satisfied yet, are you, Michelle!?
Michelle: Huh?
Kokoro: Now Michelle’s going to fly through the sky! Everyone, wave your hands up high!
Michelle: W-whoa, no, no~ Flying through the air isn’t easy, you know~...!
Black Suit: Okusawa-sama, please hold still while we attach the harness.
Michelle: Eh? Wait, is this... a safety harness...? Wait, don’t tell me you’re going to suspend me with wires...!?
Black Suit: Yes. We have a crane truck prepared. This way, please.
Kanon: M-Michelle~...! You’ve got this~...!!
Kokoro: All right, let’s get even more hyped up~!
Kokoro: If it’s for everyone’s smiles, Hello, Happy World! will fly all the way to the other side of the planet!
Michelle: That’s not what “flying” means at all~~~~~!!
Kokoro: Fufufu, Michelle is telling us she feels the same way!
Kokoro: If you ever feel an empty hole in your heart and start feeling lonely, just call out to us!
Kokoro: If we sing together, your smile will shine brighter than ever!
(White cut)
(Background change)
