band7-029 Chapter 4: I'll Show Her

The girls practice even harder. During a break, CHU²'s mom gets brought up.

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK! What was that performance just now?!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry! I just got this sudden urge to try out a different chord for a bit...
CHU² (Chiyu): You ruined everyone's focus. We're the ultimate band, and we have no place for performances like that. Are you trying to become a temporary member again?!
LOCK (Rokka): Please let me redo that part!
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop asking for the obvious. You're redoing it whether you want to or not. And MASKING!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I know. No need to explain. That part where I'm supposed to step on the gas after the chorus, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Then do it.
MASKING (Masuki): Damn it~, it's a hell of a lot easier said than done...! But fine! I'll show you! Just you see!
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER! And PAREO!
LAYER (Rei): The outro, right? Sorry, I know I blew it just now...
PAREO (Reona): Would you like me to increase the sound of the keyboard slightly? I believe that will be closer to what you envision, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, try it out that way once.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~♪
(Black cut)

[Break]

MASKING (Masuki): Damn~! That was crazy rough, just like she said! It ain't usually easy, but that was somethin' else~.
LOCK (Rokka): Your words make it sound like you're complaining, Masuki-san, but that huge smile on your face says otherwise...
MASKING (Masuki): And your point? No need to state the obvious.
LAYER (Rei): Here you go. Towel.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks.
PAREO (Reona): Please enjoy your break~, everybody~. I have prepared drinks~♪
PAREO (Reona): There is even some jerky, CHU²-sama. You should use this time to relax!
CHU² (Chiyu): We're resuming practice in fifteen minutes.
PAREO (Reona): For you, LAYER-san, I have brought some warm milk with plenty of honey~♪ Incidentally, there is also some cold milk if you would like!
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, PAREO.
MASKING (Masuki): Look at that~. There's even some real bitter black coffee~.
LAYER (Rei): When I'm with you guys, warm milk suits me just fine.
MASKING (Masuki): By the way, what would The Pink Bun Bun Empire's LAYER drink? Black coffee or warm milk?
LAYER (Rei): Hmm~... Probably hot melon cider.
LOCK (Rokka): Hot melon cider?! What kind of a unique drink is that?!
LAYER (Rei): There was this time back at music school when one of the vendors accidentally made the cider hot. I doubt it's ever coming back again. Fufufu.
PAREO (Reona): By the way, CHU²-sama! When your mother comes to Japan, she will be staying here, will she not?
PAREO (Reona): What drinks does she favor? I must make sure to prepare them♪
CHU² (Chiyu): No, she'll be staying at a hotel downtown instead because she has a full schedule between the meeting and various interviews.
PAREO (Reona): I see... That is such a pity~.
LOCK (Rokka): I think I'd be so nervous if I met her... She seems so dignified in that flyer photo.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. She's definitely got that world-class violinist vibe.
LAYER (Rei): You haven't met her either, right, PAREO?
PAREO (Reona): Unfortunately, I have not had the pleasure. I do not recall CHU²-sama speaking of her very often, so I am quite curious to find out what she is like♪
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't talk about her because there's no need to.
LAYER (Rei): But since she's coming to our concert this weekend, it'd be nice to have some information at least.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh. My mom's always been someone who does things at her own pace, and it was no different this time either. She just called out of the blue...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Mom...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Hello.
CHU²'s Mom: Hi, Chiyu. I've got some great news today! Remember how I told you I'll be performing as a guest at a concert in Japan a month from now?
CHU² (Chiyu): No... You never told me.
CHU²'s Mom: Oh my, I must've forgotten then. Anyway, I have a meeting for that concert this week!
CHU²'s Mom: It was originally going to be online, but I happen to be free, so I figured I might as well go to Japan.
CHU² (Chiyu): Really?
CHU²'s Mom: You said you have a band, right? I want to use this opportunity to come and see you, so get me a ticket!
CHU²'s Mom: Just one ticket will do. I invited your dad, but he seems a bit busy.
CHU² (Chiyu): U-um...
CHU²'s Mom: I'll be bringing a bunch of presents, so I hope you're excited! Anyway, I can't wait to see you~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): (... You're going to be in for a real surprise, Mom...)
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright, everyone! Break's over! Time to go back to the booth!
