band7-027 Chapter 2: Festival Preparations

As RAS practices hard for the festival, a certain individual contacts CHU².

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

LOCK (Rokka): Don't you feel even more fired up now after what CHU²-san said yesterday~?
LOCK (Rokka): She's thinking so big... I mean, she wants us to make history and revolutionize music!
MASKING (Masuki): But stuff like that doesn't seem quite so impossible when she's the one sayin' it. There's this confidence behind her words, you know?
LAYER (Rei): If you ask me, that's pretty important for a producer.
MASKING (Masuki): Can't wait to start practicin'. CHU²'s real eager now, so we better be ready for whatever she decides to throw at us.
LOCK (Rokka): So, where is she anyway?
LAYER (Rei): Apparently, she's still asleep. PAREO's gone to wake her up.
MASKING (Masuki): Bet she was up late workin' on that new song.
PAREO (Reona): My apologies for the wait, everybody~. I have woken up CHU²-sama~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Good morning... Yawn~...
LAYER (Rei): That mark on your cheek looks like it's from the carpet... You slept on the floor again, didn't you?
CHU² (Chiyu): But it was worth it. I'm starting to get a clear image of our new song. We should be able to start practicing it after our weekend concert.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm mighty looking forward to seeing the song!
CHU² (Chiyu): The plan is to perfect our performance of our current songs so that we'll be able to focus entirely on the new one starting next week.
CHU² (Chiyu): Be prepared, people. Practice is going to be even tougher than usual.
MASKING (Masuki): Heh, I ain't plannin' on holdin' back, so you're the one that had best be prepared, CHU².
CHU² (Chiyu): Let's get started. Into the booth.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy Ramen]

MASKING (Masuki): Man~, CHU² wasn't kiddin' when she said it was gonna be tougher than usual~. Can't even lift my damn arms.
LOCK (Rokka): The two of you did go at each other pretty hard. My ears are still ringing from all the angry shouting.
MASKING (Masuki): Seriously. Don't ya think she could've offered at least a little praise? It's supposed to be the carrot and stick for a reason, but all I got was a beatin' with the stick. Sheesh.
LAYER (Rei): You didn't seem to mind all that much, at least based on how much it sounded like you were enjoying letting yourself loose.
MASKING (Masuki): It was your bass that made me do it, Rei. I was just taggin' along for the ride.
LAYER (Rei): Stop trying to pin all the blame on me, fufufu.
Shopkeeper: Hearing you girls talk is bringing back memories. We'd go on about stuff like that every day back in my Death Galaxy days... Oh, and here's your ramen.
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks. Let's dig in, guys.
MASKING, LOCK & LAYER: Looks delicious~.
Shopkeeper: Every time after practice, we'd go round and round about how the guitar was or how the drum was.
Shopkeeper: And we'd always end up hopping on our bikes to go see the stars and the city lights. You remember all those times with us?
MASKING (Masuki): You bet.
LOCK (Rokka): You're talking about the hilltop we went to together a while back, aren't you?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, the one in that photo that you showed me before? It looked really nice.
MASKING (Masuki): You ain't seen nothin' till you've seen the real thing. Right, LOCK?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it definitely has to be seen with your own eyes because it's not something that can be captured on camera.
LAYER (Rei): Now you're making me want to go check it out really bad...
MASKING (Masuki): We should totally do that one of these days! Me and LOCK were talkin' about it!
Shopkeeper: ... It makes me so happy to see you with such great friends.
MASKING (Masuki): H-hey, what are you gettin' all teary-eyed for?!
Shopkeeper: It's just that I've known you since you were a little girl, and I've seen what you've been through, so...
MASKING (Masuki): Cut it out, will you? Anyway, we should start eatin' before the noodles get soggy.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): If you will excuse me, CHU²-sama! I will be returning home. Please do not overwork yourself!
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright.
PAREO (Reona): And since you stayed up so late yesterday, please go to bed early! Oh, if you get hungry, there is a midnight snack in the refrigerator...
CHU² (Chiyu): OK...
PAREO (Reona): Also, please do not forget to brush your teeth before going to bed, and-
CHU² (Chiyu): I get it already! Hurry up and get going! You're going to miss the last train.
PAREO (Reona): Oh my! I really must go then! I look forward to seeing you again tomorrow~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... Now I can finally continue where I left off.
CHU² (Chiyu): I need to make up for yesterday since I didn't make much progress...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmm? I wonder who it could be at this hour. And just when I thought I could finally resume...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Mom...?
