band7-026 Chapter 1: Standard-Bearers

CHU² declares RAS will make history and has her eyes set on their next stage...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Behold Aya-chan's magnificence! Even while overlooking the entire venue, her attention never strays from Maya-chan's drums!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, I can see that... You can really tell how focused she is...
PAREO (Reona): And this moment right here! She is not even looking at the drums, but she manages to smile so brightly right as the cymbals go off!
PAREO (Reona): This very smile is what instantly draws the entire audience into Pastel＊Palettes' performance!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh~, you're right. That was perfect timin'.
PAREO (Reona): What is more amazing is that the spectacular feat was uncalculated! It is the result of her singular desire to entertain the audience!
PAREO (Reona): It truly is a shining example of the A to Z of perfect harmony between two souls...!
LAYER (Rei): Interesting. Your explanation makes it clear just how good Pastel＊Palettes is at putting on a show.
PAREO (Reona): They are so amazing... so very incredible... Sniff.  They truly are the absolute best~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Could you guys keep it down for a bit and at least try watching in peace?
CHU² (Chiyu): And why are you even crying, PAREO? There's been nothing to cry over.
PAREO (Reona): The light with which Pastel＊Palettes shines is so wonderful that I found myself naturally moved to tears...
LOCK (Rokka): I know the feeling! Sometimes your body just reacts when you become emotional!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, exactly! But the biggest reason is this precious moment where I get to share what I love with all of you! It magnifies my joy a hundred, no, a thousandfold!
PAREO (Reona): Please join us, CHU²-sama! Let us immerse ourselves in the world of Pastel＊Palettes together!
CHU² (Chiyu): No thanks.
CHU² (Chiyu): How many times have you watched that concert footage anyway? I'm amazed you're still able to scrounge up things to praise.
PAREO (Reona): That is because it is so wonderful that it never grows old~.
LAYER (Rei): Are you sure you're one to talk, CHU²? You're always watching Roselia's concert videos.
CHU² (Chiyu): What I do is like studying an enemy. My entire approach is different from the rest of you.
LOCK (Rokka): You could say I'm studying and learning so much from Hina-senpai's guitar then.
LOCK (Rokka): The way she plays is so carefree that it's impossible to figure out where her ideas come from. It's all mighty educational!
MASKING (Masuki): The kinda music they're goin' for is different from ours, but we could probably learn a thing or two from their professionalism.
MASKING (Masuki): That reminds me. Roselia's also now part of an agency, right? What about us?
CHU² (Chiyu): What do you mean by what about us?
MASKING (Masuki): Y'know, goin' pro.
CHU² (Chiyu): I think you've got the wrong idea. Going pro means making a living out of music, not joining some music agency.
CHU² (Chiyu): As you all know, we've gotten our fair share of offers from agencies too, but we've been turning them down.
CHU² (Chiyu): That's because equating being a professional musician with belonging to an agency is as old-fashioned as it gets.
CHU² (Chiyu): And I refuse to have us go along with such an outdated way of thinking.
CHU² (Chiyu): As the standard-bearers of this girls band age, we should be revolutionizing music and making history...
CHU² (Chiyu): That's what we need to be doing.
LOCK (Rokka): Revolutionizing music and making history... Th-that's so grand-scale...
CHU² (Chiyu): And as a test, I've got an event lined up for us a month from now.
MASKING (Masuki): An event? There's a ton this time of the year...
CHU² (Chiyu): We're joining this one. Recognize it?
LAYER (Rei): Wait... The Advanced Rock Festival...?!
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, seriously?! That's a pretty major event!
LOCK (Rokka): Isn't it supposed to be a huge indoor music festival featuring lots of musicians from major labels?
PAREO (Reona): The other day, CHU²-sama negotiated the deal with the company in charge of organizing it~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): We'll just be the opening act, but it should be enough for us to make an impression.
CHU² (Chiyu): And I'm even working on just the song for the occasion. You can be sure it's going to blow away the entire music scene.
MASKING (Masuki): I like where this is goin'. I say we bury the rest of the performers with our openin' act.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. Let's make them disappear without a trace. Fufufu.
LOCK (Rokka): It looks like we're going to be busy since we also have a show at dub coming up next weekend!
CHU² (Chiyu): All of you had better be prepared to practice till you drop once we're done with our dub concert because I want our best performance at the festival!
All: Okay! Got it! Alright!
