966_Rokka Asahi_R4 Rokka's All

Gacha phrase: (I just have to give it my all... and play!)

<How to Make a Cool MV>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: Mmm~! RAISE A SUILEN's music video is so cool~!
LOCK (Rokka): I always feel strange watching it myself. I can't believe that's me...
Asuka: You really do seem like another person. You look so confident when you're playing the guitar here.
LOCK (Rokka): And it's all thanks to the way the staff filmed us.
LOCK (Rokka): All I did was try to avoid getting in everyone's way.
Ako: Filming a music video, huh~? I'd like to try that myself~.
Ako: If I was gonna make one, I'd want to have a scene like that one in your video! You know, the one with the bursting bullet of darkness!
Asuka: The what...? Are you talking about the scene where they broke a piece of glass by pretending their hands were guns?
Ako: Yeah! That's the part! That was my favorite scene!
LOCK (Rokka): Masuki-san and the others sure do look powerful in that scene, don't they?!
Ako: You looked super-duper cool too, Rokka!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? D-did you really think so...?
Ako: Yeah! Hey, how did you shoot that scene anyway?
LOCK (Rokka): We shot that scene in a studio with a green screen. We all aimed our finger guns at a piece of sugar glass and...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Bang!
Ako & Asuka: Oh~!
Ako: You looked so cool there, Rokka~!
Asuka: No kidding. I guess that's what you get with our Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-that's not true. I just did what I was told.
Asuka: Don't be shy~.
Ako: Ah, look at the time! We've gotta eat fast, or our lunch break is gonna finish before we do...!
Asuka: You're right... We sure talked a lot. I'm gonna go get something to drink. Go ahead and start eating without me.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, I'd like something to drink as well, so why don't we go together?
Ako: In that case, I'm coming too~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Ako: Fufu~♪ I wonder what's inside today's bento~.
Asuka: I've got fried chicken in mine~.
Himari: Ah, It's Ako-chan and her friends!
Tomoe: Hey~. Where are you off to, Ako?
Ako: Sis! We're going to buy some drinks~.
LOCK (Rokka): Hello, Afterglow!
Moca: Oh~, look who's here, Ran. If it isn't the up-and-coming star herself~.
Ran: Ah, you're right.
LOCK (Rokka): S-star...?!
Himari: They mean your music video! We can't stop talking about you.
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what~?!
Moca: In the great director Moca-chan's eyes, you were shining bright, Rokka~.
Tsugumi: The other members of RAS were cool too!
Tomoe: And that song was so intense! RAS sure is cool. Right, Ran?
Ran: Hm... Yeah, I guess they weren't bad.
Himari: The number of views on that video is incredible! Look... It's right under this screen!
LOCK (Rokka): It's almost to 10,000 views! I can't believe that many people have watched it already...
Himari: My friends have been gossiping about this music video too, you know~.
Moca: And yet, the world would never guess that little Rokka here joined RAS~.
Tsugumi: Speaking of which... Didn't you turn down their invitation at first?
Tomoe: I remember seeing them chasing you around the school~.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry for causing such a scene...
Ran: Well, you said you wanted to join a band, so I'm glad you got your wish.
LOCK (Rokka): Me too!
Himari: Hey, so how did you shoot this music video anyway? That scene where you break a piece of glass by shooting it with your fingers has me so curious~.
Ako: Asuka and I already know! Rokka showed us how it's done before~.
Himari: She did?
Ako: Yeah, she acted out the scene just for us! It was super-duper cool!
Tomoe: Oh, now that sounds awesome! Show us too!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh?! B-but we're in the middle of the hallway...
Moca: Don't worry about that~. You wanna see it too, right, Ran?
Ran: Yeah, I do.
Tsugumi: Sorry, Rokka-chan... I want to see it, too.
Asuka: Looks like you can't get out of it this time... Good luck, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): B-but why~...?!


<My Sound and the Band's Sound>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[CiRCLE Café]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~♪ That sweet potato tart was so good~.
Marina: Hi there, Rokka-chan. Fufu, you're in a good mood today.
LOCK (Rokka): M-Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Um, I just finished shopping with Ako-chan and Asuka-chan...
LOCK (Rokka): Are you two out running errands?
Marina: Yep. Nothing major though. The owner just asked us to do something.
Marina: By the way, your show for the Girls Band Challenge was something else~. RAS looked so cool up on stage.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you. I'm glad I managed to get through it without making any mistakes.
LOCK (Rokka): That was my first concert as a member of RAS, so I was a little worried...
Marina: You guys were up against Roselia too.
LOCK (Rokka): Exactly. I never thought I'd get to perform with Roselia in my first show...
LOCK (Rokka): As soon as we stepped onto that stage, I could hear my heart pounding. That's how nervous I was.
Marina: Huh? Really? You didn't seem nervous at all. In fact, you looked like you were having fun.
LOCK (Rokka): Once our show started, I felt much better. Um, I suppose my fears disappeared the minute my sound mixed with my bandmates...
LOCK (Rokka): I lost myself chasing after their sound.
LOCK (Rokka): I think I wanted to help create our music as a band... I'm sorry. I'm not making a lot of sense, am I?
Marina: No, I understand. Playing with your bandmates is fun. You can't help that.
Marina: It's almost like you can feel your band becoming one... It's too bad that sensation only happens in the show, and then it's gone~.
LOCK (Rokka): I know what you mean! It went by so quickly that I couldn't help but feel a little sad afterward.
LOCK (Rokka): I wish we could play music together all the time...
Marina: Fufu, I'm pretty sure you'll have plenty of chances to stand on the same stage together.
Marina: RAS is still a new band, after all.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Up until I joined a band, I kept thinking...
LOCK (Rokka): I want to be in a band with people I can't see myself without.
LOCK (Rokka): I don't know if RAS is that band yet... But I'm sure they could be in the future!
Marina: Well, I hope your dream comes true. I'll be cheering you on the whole way. {{userName}}-san will be too, won't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you! ... Ah, I'm sorry! You're in the middle of work, but I've kept you for so long.
Marina: Don't worry. This was fun for us.
LOCK (Rokka): Then I'll be going now. Good luck with work! Goodbye!
