1193_Rokka Asahi_R3 Leaping Heart Conveyed

Gacha phrase: Wow, there's still more.

<Support for Support>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Rokka Asahi)

[Residential Area]

LOCK (Rokka): Hm~...
Kasumi: Ah, it's LOCK! Heya~, LOCK~!
Arisa: H-hey, Kasumi, don't just suddenly run off like that!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh... Hello, Kasumi-senpai, Arisa-senpai...
Kasumi & Arisa: ...?
Kasumi: Hm? Is something bothering you?
LOCK (Rokka): O-oh, um, I'm sorry. I was just thinking about something...
Kasumi: Thinking? About what? You can talk to me if you'd like!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! It's not a big deal, but there's something I'm a little worried about...
Arisa: Hey, instead of standing around talking here, why don't you both come to my place? I can offer some snacks at least.
Kasumi: Ohhh, that's a great idea! I also wanna hear what's on your mind, LOCK.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much, both of you... I appreciate it a lot.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: I see. So you're basically worried about LAYER because she's giving her all for both RAS practice and her backup performer job...
LOCK (Rokka): Well, I think she'll be okay, but I don't think she's been getting much sleep either...
Kasumi: Seriously?!
LOCK (Rokka): And she has school... She just seems so busy.
Arisa: Yeah, how many balls is she trying to juggle anyway...?
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I want to do what I can to help her, but I can't come up with anything...
Kasumi: So that's what's been on your mind. You're so nice...
Arisa: Hey, how about giving her some energy drinks? You know, the kind they have at convenience stores.
LOCK (Rokka): But if I do that... won't that make her work even harder...?
Arisa: U-uh, true... Probably not the result you're looking for...
Kasumi: Ah! Why don't you give her a massage?
LOCK (Rokka): A massage...?
Kasumi: Aa-chan sometimes massages me! She's pretty good, you know~?
LOCK (Rokka): Hm, I think that could work! I'm sure LAYER-san must be physically exhausted too...
Kasumi: Oh! I just had a great idea! What about Asahi Bathhouse?! Nothing like a nice bath to make you feel better when you're tired!
Kasumi: I bet all that fatigue from practicing will go away once she's spent some time relaxing in a large bathtub~!
LOCK (Rokka): That could work...
Kasumi: Well?! Don't you think it's a great idea?!
LOCK (Rokka): But she seems so busy these days... I'm not sure she'll be willing to take the time to relax...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Maybe all I can do is wish her good luck...
Kasumi: LOCK...
Arisa: ... And what's wrong with that?
LOCK (Rokka): Could you please explain?
Arisa: It may not seem like much, but sometimes just knowing there's someone out there wishing you the best gives you what you need to pull through.
Arisa: After all, when you're trying your hardest, knowing people care and hearing their words of encouragement can make you really happy.
Kasumi: True... That does make a lot of sense...
Arisa: So, the way I kinda see it is, you'll give her a big boost of energy by telling her how you feel...
LOCK (Rokka): Hm... I think you're right!
LOCK (Rokka): I'm going to tell LAYER-san right now how I feel.
LOCK (Rokka): I want her to know that regardless of whether or not I can help much, I'll always support her!
Arisa: Yeah. I think she'll appreciate it.
Kasumi: And we'll be supporting you! Good luck, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much for everything!
LOCK (Rokka): If you'll excuse me then!


<Multiplying Motivation>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[Downtown]

LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello, are you shopping?
Marina: Mm-hmm, there are some things we need. What about you?
LOCK (Rokka): I just got done with work, so I'm on my way to CHU²-san's place.
Marina: I guess that means you've got band practice now. It must be pretty tiring after work.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, no. We don't have practice today. I'm just going to use CHU²-san's studio to practice on my own.
LOCK (Rokka): I usually go to Galaxy when I need to use an amp, but Galaxy is booked, so...
LOCK (Rokka): Normally, I'd give up and play at home without an amp.
LOCK (Rokka): But I thought about how motivated LAYER-san has been, and I have this urge to play my guitar with sound.
Marina: Fufu, have fun. I heard LAYER-chan has been working really hard.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! She's always so focused during practice, but it's like she's into music even more now.
Marina: Fufu, so that's why you're on fire, right?
LOCK (Rokka): Exactly! I just want to play as hard as I want without worrying about the volume or other people.
Marina: LAYER-chan has been on a roll lately. The concert where she helped that professional band was a huge success.
LOCK (Rokka): She was super awesome!
LOCK (Rokka): ... But she also had to practice our new song, so the schedule was tough. I could tell she had to push herself pretty hard too.
Marina: I heard about how difficult things were.
LOCK (Rokka): For her, yes, but not for me... Well, I did worry about her a lot...
Marina: I see...
LOCK (Rokka): And I don't know if it's because of how things were when she had to practice, but I get this feeling that she's changed a bit ever since that concert.
Marina: Changed? In what way?
LOCK (Rokka): It's not something I can really put into words. Whenever I see her play, I can't help but feel this need to work harder!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, it's always been like that, but the feeling's somehow stronger now...!
LOCK (Rokka): And LAYER-san's passion has everyone so motivated at the moment too.
Marina: Even more than usual? I can't wait to see what the result of that is going to be like.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufufu. I'm sure our next live performance is going to be incredible!
