1234_Rokka Asahi_R3 Sharing With Friends

Gacha phrase: Here, you can have some of mine.

<Taste of a Memory>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Asahi Bathhouse - Rokka's Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Here, have some tea, you two.
Ako: Thanks, Rokka! Glug, glug, glug... Ahh~! This cold tea really hits the spot~!
LOCK (Rokka): Was it hot outside?
Asuka: Mm-hmm. I couldn't stop sweating even though all I was doing was walking.
Ako: If your place were any further, I think I would've dried up~.
LOCK (Rokka): I-it's that hot?!
Ako: Hey, hey, Rokka. Those boxes over there... Are they~...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, they're souvenirs for both of you.
Ako: Yay~!
Asuka: Now that I think about it, you did say RAS would be going to Toconut Park.
LOCK (Rokka): I did! That's when I got the cookies. Look.
Asuka: Thanks... Hmm? These cookies...
Ako: They're the ones with "I went to Toconut Park!" written on them! Thanks so much~!
Asuka: I didn't think people actually got souvenirs like these...
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, isn't it normal to?! I saw them when we went, and I thought they looked nice...
Asuka: Hmm~... I know I wouldn't.
LOCK (Rokka): O-oh...! Back home, people would give us snacks printed with the names of where they'd been to, so I thought it was something everyone did...
Ako: I can't say I've gotten snacks like these very often, but I do know these cookies are the yummy kind.
Ako: I'm getting kinda hungry... Can I have some now?
LOCK (Rokka): Of course.
Asuka: I think I'll have mine too.
Ako: Why don't we all eat then~? Here's yours, Asuka!
Asuka: Thanks... Oh. This tastes better than I expected.
Ako: Mmm~! I can feel the aroma spreading in my mouth~! I wonder if they used a lot of butter.
Ako: I'm gonna eat another one~.
Asuka: Me too.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm so glad you like the cookies~.
Asuka: So, how was the park?
LOCK (Rokka): It was super fun~! Time flew by so fast.
Ako: Hey, hey, did you try the water slides?!
LOCK (Rokka): We did! But I was still scared...
Asuka: Well, just watching from below was enough to make you tremble when we went.
Ako: I was sure you'd like them after giving them a try~.
LOCK (Rokka): They weren't for me, but CHU²-san really liked them. Together with Masuki-san and PAREO-san, I think they tried every single slide in the park.
Ako: Really? I'm surprised CHU² liked them!
Asuka: Yeah. Based on what you've told us, she seems like the type who wouldn't like swimming pools or water slides.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. She wasn't very interested at first either, but she ended up liking them after trying.
Asuka: I see. It's a good thing all of you invited her then. By the way, were you able to go to the nighttime show we had to skip?
LOCK (Rokka): We did. It was so beautiful~.
Ako: It really was nice, wasn't it~? Hearing you talk about Toconut Park is making me wanna go again~.
LOCK (Rokka): Let's go back to the park again sometime.
Ako: Yeah! And then you'll get to watch the show too, Asuka!
Asuka: Next time, maybe... But I think we need to get down to business first.
LOCK & Ako: Business?
Asuka: Sheesh, you two...! Have you forgotten we came here to do our homework?
Ako: Ahhh! You're right! I have so much homework left~...!
LOCK (Rokka): How much do you mean by so much?
Ako: There's math. Classical lit, a book report... Oh, and English vocab exercises...
Asuka: Those are pretty much all the assignments you had left the last time we got together for homework... What about you, Rokka?
LOCK (Rokka): Um~, I just have math left.
Asuka: Book report for me.
Ako: What?! How did you both finish so much?!
Ako: At this rate, I'm gonna be the only one who won't get to enjoy the rest of summer break~...!
LOCK (Rokka): L-let's try to get through one assignment at a time. We'll help you finish everything today...
Ako: Today?! But there's so much!
LOCK (Rokka): Try looking at it this way! If you finish everything today, you'll get to spend the rest of summer doing whatever you want.
Asuka: All you have to do is suffer for one day, and it'll be over.
LOCK (Rokka): Let's do it, Ako-chan!
Ako: Rokka, Asuka...
Ako: Okay. I'm gonna try super, super, super-duper hard to finish my homework today so that I get to enjoy my break~!
LOCK & Asuka: Yeah~!


<Growing Feelings>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

LOCK (Rokka): Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Oh, Rokka-chan. What brings you here today?
LOCK (Rokka): I'm on an errand from Galaxy. The manager asked me to bring you this paper bag...
LOCK (Rokka): It looks like flyers of some kind. Have you heard anything?
Marina: Ah, the flyers! Yes, I have.
LOCK (Rokka): Perfect. Here you go.
Marina: Alright, I'll take those. Thank you for bringing them all the way here.
LOCK (Rokka): It's okay. I also have something else I'd like to give you...
Marina: Hmm? I haven't heard of anything else.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, it's not work-related. I brought you a souvenir.
LOCK (Rokka): You see, I went to Toconut Park with the other girls the other day.
LOCK (Rokka): While I was thinking of what to get for everyone at Galaxy, I thought of CiRCLE, so I ended up getting something.
LOCK (Rokka): So, if it's okay with you, I'd like you to have this.
Marina: Aww, that's so sweet of you. Thanks.
LOCK (Rokka): Ehehe... There's plenty to go around for everyone.
Marina: Ah, cookies! I'm going to have some during my break.
Marina: By the way, don't they have a nighttime show at Toconut Park? Wish I could go~.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, they do! The show was even more beautiful than I'd heard.
LOCK (Rokka): The way the lights glittered in the dark was already so enchanting... but they even had fireworks!
LOCK (Rokka): Water would shoot out of pools to the rhythm of the music, and the lights would reflect off the water... It was like being at some kind of festival! I loved it!
Marina: It must've been great. I can just see how amazing it must've been from your descriptions.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, I'm sorry... I got a bit carried away talking about the show.
Marina: It's alright. While I really do appreciate the snacks, I also enjoy hearing about what it was like, so I'd love to hear more.
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you would?
Marina: Mm-hmm! So, did you do anything else after the show?
LOCK (Rokka): Um... It was kind of late, so we had to go home right after it.
LOCK (Rokka): But while we were on the train, we talked about what would happen if we provided our songs for the show and which one would be the best...
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san even brought out her computer. She got really into it for some reason.
LOCK (Rokka): But after that, everyone just started talking about different things they'd like to try, so we didn't get around to deciding anything.
LOCK (Rokka): Still, the time we spent talking on the way home was just as fun as our time at the park.
Marina: I see~. It sounds like you're all good friends now.
LOCK (Rokka): I hope so. Oh, I should probably get back to Galaxy!
LOCK (Rokka): Goodbye! I hope you don't mind if I talk about it some more next time.
Marina: You're welcome anytime. Take care~.
Marina: Fufu... It must be nice to be in a band.
