1293_Rokka Asahi_R3 Believing in "Myself"

<The Seven Mysteries?>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

LOCK (Rokka): The day is finally here...! We've gotta put our all into cleaning up the school!
Lisa: Oh, it's Rokka! Heya☆ It'll get crowded if you don't hurry and line up.
LOCK (Rokka): Lisa-senpai! ... Ah, you're right. The line for the area allocation draw is already this long...!
Hina: Hey, hey, if you don't hurry, everybody else'll take the good jobs!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Hina-senpai! That's right, let's line up. Are you two the representatives of your cleaning teams?
Hina: Yep, that's right~♪ I'm gonna draw a good spot and have an awesome cleaning day.
Lisa: Oh, you're sure fired up, Hina~. Well, I guess I'm pretty excited too after hearing Rokka's announcements~!
Hina: Yeah, yeah! They were super funny!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you really mean it? Thank you so much!
Lisa: Fufu, I was a little worried at first, but they suddenly got way better one day! Did something happen?
LOCK (Rokka): Actually, that was all thanks to Kaoru-senpai and Maya-senpai.
LOCK (Rokka): After my first disastrous announcement, they helped me out by giving me acting training and advice.
LOCK (Rokka): It was very reassuring... And thanks to them, I was able to enjoy myself throughout all of my announcements!
Lisa: I see~! Leave it to Kaoru and Maya. But you also worked super hard at the end there, so give yourself some credit☆
Hina: Yeah, yeah. It's almost a shame it's all ending today.
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you think so? Ehehe... I'm so happy to hear you two say that!
LOCK (Rokka): But now we have to do the actual cleaning part, so I ain't gonna relax just yet!
Lisa: Whoa~! You're pretty fired up too, Rokka. Hina, let's do our best!
Hina: Of course! I'm super-duper excited! I wanna draw already♪
Hina: I wonder where I'll get this time. I hope I get the gym.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, why is that?
Hina: Wouldn't it be crazy fun if everyone lined up with our mops and had a race across the floor? Ah, I wouldn't mind the rooftop either!
Hina: Ah. But that's Afterglow's territory, isn't it? If only we could leave that to Ran-chan and the others.
Lisa: Ahaha... That's true~. But the rooftop is always pretty clean, so I think they clean it up on the regular.
Hina: Hmm, whatever then, I guess. What about you, Rokka-chan? You have anywhere you wanna clean?
LOCK (Rokka): Me? Hmm... I wouldn't mind the courtyard or a hallway!
LOCK (Rokka): The courtyard gets dirty easily with leaves and trash, and the hallways too since they're used quite frequently! I just know it would feel great to make them squeaky-clean!
Hina: Ohh, that's such a Clean Up Committee thing to say! You're really into this.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, but I intend to do my best, no matter what area I'm given!
Hina: Yeah, yeah, you should hold on to that feeling.
Hina: Yeah... No matter which area you're assigned... Okay?
LOCK (Rokka): ...? S-sure. That's what I intended to do anyway...
Hina: Hey, promise me, Rokka-chan...? That no matter what scary rumors there are about the place you're assigned, you'll do your best to clean it...
Lisa: W-wait a second, Hina~! You're not talking about that place, are you?
Lisa: Th-that's not really a rumor. It was just a misunderstanding... Remember?
LOCK (Rokka): Um... Where is this? And what rumor?
Hina: Ah, Rokka-chan, it's your turn.
LOCK (Rokka): Ahh, it is too! I will draw right away.
LOCK (Rokka): Umm, my team is in charge of cleaning the... "beside the sports field"...?
Lisa: What?! Did you really get that?!
Hina: Uh oh. You might be lucky though, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what do you mean? The only thing beside the sports field is that old well, right?
Lisa: That's the problem~! They say that it's cursed. It's one of the seven mysteries of our school~...
Lisa: If you look into the well, a long-haired ghost lady will appear and drag you down into it...!
LOCK (Rokka): Eeek~! O-our school has scary stories like that?! N-now that you mention it, I think Ako-chan might've said something about that...!
Hina: The ghost comes out of the well and says... "Where is my grave...? I can't find... my grave..." as she wanders around looking for her grave... She wanders and wanders...
Lisa: C-cut it out, Hina~. You're making things up now~...!
Hina: But it's behind you right now.
Lisa & LOCK: Eeek! Ahhh!
Lisa: I-I said cut it out, Hinaaa~! It was all a misunderstanding in the end! It was just Kaoru acting, remember?!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? It was?
Lisa: Yeah. It wasn't one of the seven mysteries at all. A student just saw Kaoru practicing for a play, thought she was a ghost, and spread the rumor around.
Hina: Ahaha, my bad, my bad. I just wanted to tease you a little bit.
Lisa: Seriously, Hina... Although, I guess it's fine since Rokka can clean it without any worries now.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, thank you. What a relief~. I don't know what I'd do if there really was a ghost...
Hina: Hmm, but, you know, I still hear stories about "the moaning woman"...
Lisa & LOCK: Huh?!
Hina: I wonder why. Maybe Kaoru-kun is still practicing her acting over there.
LOCK (Rokka): S-surely it's not a real-
Lisa: Um... Good luck, Rokka... It's still light out, so nothing spooky will happen... Probably.
LOCK (Rokka): D-don't say that. Now I'm too scared to clean properly~! Hngh, what should I do~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Following in Their Footsteps>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[Asahi Bathhouse]

LOCK (Rokka): Ah, hello! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hi, Rokka-chan. Are you about to start work?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Did you two just finish? Please wash off today's hard work here at Asahi Bathhouse.
Marina: Sorry, we're just on our way back from some errands~. We still have one more thing left to do when we get back.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, is that so? Then keep up the good work! Please come by when you have the time.
LOCK (Rokka): Our baths are always squeaky-clean, and our main bath is particularly relaxing!
Marina: That sounds nice~. Are you the one who always cleans the baths, Rokka-chan?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I may not look it, but I'm quite good at cleaning. I'm even on the Clean Up Committee at school.
Marina: Oh yeah, we heard about that from Ako-chan. She said you were made spirit captain during the school clean-up and did a really good job.
LOCK (Rokka): Whaaat~? Even you guys heard about that...?! I-I'm kind of embarrassed~...
Marina: Fufu, there's nothing to be embarrassed about. Ako-chan and the others said you did very well with the announcements. Good job, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you!
LOCK (Rokka): But I was only able to follow through with such an important job because of Kaoru-senpai and Maya-senpai.
LOCK (Rokka): They gave me acting training and advice, and that's how I was able to see it through to the end!
Marina: I see. It was nice of them to give you acting training.
LOCK (Rokka): It was! Up until now, I had always thought that Kaoru-senpai stood out because she's cool... But now I can see that she's more than that.
LOCK (Rokka): Now, I feel like I understand why people call her a prince.
Marina: Huh, is that so? What made you think that?
LOCK (Rokka): Well, she does say crazy things, and she is quite a unique person...
LOCK (Rokka): But she took my troubles seriously, and each and every one of her words was filled with kindness!
LOCK (Rokka): So I think that the reason Kaoru-senpai is liked by so many people is because they can feel this kindness coming from her.
Marina: Yeah, yeah! I think so too. Kaoru-san really takes care of the people around her.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! And I also learned that Maya-senpai is a very kind and intelligent person!
LOCK (Rokka): She processed everything I told her about my situation and helped me think of a solution...
LOCK (Rokka): And whenever I didn't understand what Kaoru-senpai meant by "fleeting," Maya-senpai would interpret for me!
Marina: Ahaha, that's Maya-chan for you.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, they are really good upperclassmen to have... In the future, I hope I can be more like them when I become an upperclassman.
Marina: I more or less get why you look up to them.
Marina: But I think you will be a wonderful role model like they are too, Rokka-chan. You can do it, and I'll be cheering you on.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you so much! I'm really glad I was able to come to Haneoka Girls' Academy! I want to keep cherishing the time I have with its students.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, snap! It's almost time for my shift at the attendant's booth!
LOCK (Rokka): Sorry, but I have to go now! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Please come by the bathhouse again sometime!
