1581_Rokka Asahi_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'll work even harder! Way harder!

<Greater Happiness than a Dream>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

LOCK (Rokka): ... I'm telling you, this dream was amazing!
MASKING (Masuki): RAS was playing a stadium concert, eh~? Haha, I can't even imagine something like that. It's just so way out there.
LOCK (Rokka): But the dream felt kind of real. I'm so happy to have a dream like that on my birthday...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... It's silly to indulge in how you felt in a dream.
PAREO (Reona): Why not~? I'm sure it was a lucky dream.
LAYER (Rei): It might even come true.
CHU² (Chiyu): Not "might" come true, it "will" come true. I need you to keep that in mind.
LOCK (Rokka): She's right! I've got to get even better at guitar!
MASKING (Masuki): That's great and all, but isn't there something else we should be doing right now?
LAYER (Rei): Yep. LOCK...
LAYER & MASKING & PAREO & CHU²: Happy birthday~!
PAREO (Reona): This is for you. It's from all of us!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh wow~! Thank you, guys! ... Are these CDs...
LOCK (Rokka): It's the super legendary "Classic Rakugo Complete Box Set"?! And it's the premium version!
CHU² (Chiyu): I can't believe this is what makes you happy...
MASKING (Masuki): There's nothing wrong with a little rakugo. That story LOCK told us about last time was really romantic.
PAREO (Reona): I was so touched by the love between the couple~.
LAYER (Rei): That was a pretty famous story, wasn't it? I'd never heard it before, but I really liked it.
LOCK (Rokka): ...! Oh... Fufu.
LOCK (Rokka): You know... what makes a band is "friendship". Talking about things other than music, having you all like the things I like...
MASKING (Masuki): What are you talking about, LOCK~! That stuff's a given!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I know but! It's just... I was thinking, I'm happier now than I could ever feel in a dream.
CHU² (Chiyu): Eventually, we're going to make the dream you saw a reality. And to make that happen, you're going to become the greatest guitarist ever.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, ma'am! I'll work even harder! Way harder!


<Celebration Punch Line>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Café]

Mashiro: LOCK-chan, happy birthday. I'm sorry I'm celebrating it late.
LOCK (Rokka): Don't be, I'm really happy! Thank you! Why don't we order something?
Mashiro: Ah... Well, actually, I've already ordered for us.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? Really?
Mashiro: Yeah... It should be coming soon...
Café Worker: LOCK-san, happy birthday~! This is your birthday plate from Kurata-sama!
Café Worker: Happy birthday to you~♪
LOCK (Rokka): What's going on~?! There are so many sparklers! People in the café are looking this way!
Mashiro: Hrm?! This is completely different than I thought it would be...!
Mashiro: U-umm...! I think I only asked for the birthday plate...
Café Worker: You requested the "Happy Birthday Bonus" when you made your reservation, so we included a birthday song and sparklers free of charge!
Mashiro: So that's what the "bonus" meant... I said yes without even knowing what I was agreeing to...
LOCK (Rokka): Pfft... Ahahaha!
Mashiro: I'm sorry for startling you...! You don't have to laugh at me that much...
LOCK (Rokka): It's not that. I was just thinking of a story I heard the other day that was about misunderstandings like this... Fufufu.
Mashiro: Is that the rakugo you've been listening to a lot lately...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. There's a story called "Tea Ceremony." It's about someone too ashamed to admit they don't know something, which leads to a huge misunderstanding.
Mashiro: Oh... I guess mistakes like this happen no matter what time period you're in...
LOCK (Rokka): Maybe that's what makes it funny. It's like a mistake that anyone can make or something you do without giving it much thought that gives you trouble later.
LOCK (Rokka): But I like how, in the end, the stories can leave you feeling a little warm and fuzzy inside.
Mashiro: Oh, really? I wonder if I could understand rakugo too.
LOCK (Rokka): You could! It's not that hard to follow.
LOCK (Rokka): When RAS threw me a birthday party the other day, I got some CDs with a lot of famous rakugo stories on them.
LOCK (Rokka): They're all different kinds of stories, so I'm sure there'd be some you'd like! There are even stories that have a little fantasy tossed in too.
Mashiro: Wow, I think I might want to hear that...!
LOCK (Rokka): If you like, why don't we listen to some at my house?
Mashiro: Fufu... Okay!
Mashiro: Ah, but before we do that, please enjoy your cake!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, right! Ehehe, there are so many fun things to do today~!
