1737_Rokka Asahi_R5 How I Want to Be

Gacha phrase: But I want us to play like we're a band!

<Fighting Over LOCK?!>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Café]

LOCK (Rokka): That was my first time hearing that band, but they played an amazing show~...!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, they did! They play insanely well. People in the audience were losin' their minds the entire show.
PAREO (Reona): I really enjoyed the show too♪
PAREO (Reona): Now then, CHU²-sama, I have poured some sweetener into your milk tea, so please drink up.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
LOCK (Rokka): It seems like she's so focused on her tablet that she didn't hear you... By the looks of the screen, you're making music, right, CHU²-san?
LAYER (Rei): CHU², you've been like this ever since the show ended.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, even the side of your face when you are making songs... looks... so... cute♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, PAREO! Your face is too close! Down, girl, down!
PAREO (Reona): Whine~...
MASKING (Masuki): Man, I can't believe you can focus like that outside. Wouldn't it be better to do that once you get home?
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't want to lose my inspiration. I need to get it down as soon as possible.
LOCK (Rokka): I guess that show got your creative juices flowing.
CHU² (Chiyu): It did. That band was highly skilled, and most of all, they knew how to captivate the audience. I'm going to check videos of their past shows when I get home.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, I am surprised to hear you sound so impressed...!
LAYER (Rei): Mirror Dreams sure know some good bands.
MASKING (Masuki): The singer, Maki, said she liked that band, didn't she?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! She told me about the band because she thought we would definitely learn something from watching them.
LOCK (Rokka): She said I could learn a lot from the guitarist, and she was so right! The way they would do a pick scrape was so darn cool!
MASKING (Masuki): That guitarist plays a lot like you. Maki knew what she was talking about when she said you'd get some tips by watching them.
LAYER (Rei): It seems like the members of Mirror Dreams were watching you closely.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, they gave me so much advice. They really went out of their way for me.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm so glad I got to play with Mirror Dreams as a session musician!
LAYER (Rei): I was a little worried at first, but it's nice to know it turned out to be a job that you can say that about.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm really sorry for making you worry so much...!
LOCK (Rokka): I liked the milk candy you gave me. I really did feel a little better when I ate it, and I decided not to give up!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm happy if it helped.
MASKING (Masuki): Rei, you worry too much. I knew LOCK would work things out, no matter what.
PAREO (Reona): Oh? You did? You seemed to be pretty worried too when LOCK-san was away practicing with the other band...
MASKING (Masuki): Not as much as you, though.
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san is a friend, so of course I was concerned about her well-being.
LOCK (Rokka): U-um, please don't fight.
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu.
PAREO (Reona): That reminds me. I wanted to ask you something once you were finished with the job, LOCK-san. What were the members of Mirror Dreams like?
LOCK (Rokka): They were just like I heard they were before I went to practice with them. They were a very close band. I guess you could say they were like best friends...
LOCK (Rokka): All of them were older than me, so they kind of felt like big sisters.
PAREO (Reona): Big sisters, eh? How wonderful!
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK, they really took to you. I couldn't believe my eyes when you guys came to Galaxy Ramen.
MASKING (Masuki): I almost thought they were gonna ask you to leave RAS.
LOCK (Rokka): I would never- Ah.
PAREO (Reona): What do you mean "ah"...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hold on, are you saying what I think you're saying?
LOCK (Rokka): I-It's a misunderstanding! I think the girls in Mirror Dreams talked about it briefly, but they never actually asked me to leave RAS!
CHU² (Chiyu): I swear, I always have to keep my eyes and ears open for threats.
CHU² (Chiyu): If some punks try to steal our guitarist away, I don't care who they are, I'll crush them.
MASKING (Masuki): Got that right. We'll flatten 'em!
PAREO (Reona): If we must fight to keep you, LOCK-san, then it is a fight we will definitely not lose!
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-why are we talking about this...?! I'm RAS's guitarist, so there's nothing to worry about.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you're pretty popular, aren't you?
LOCK (Rokka): LAYER-san, even you think this is funny, don't you?! Argh~. Everyone, please stop teasing me~!


<With My Head up High>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Marina: Hi~.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: Sorry to interrupt you while you were playing your guitar. Is Yoshiko in?
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sorry, but the manager just stepped out...! She said she'd be right back when she left, so I think she should be returning soon...
Marina: Well then, would you mind if we waited here for a few minutes?
LOCK (Rokka): Of course not!
Marina: Thanks. By the way, that wasn't a RAS song you were just playing, was it? Is it a new song?
LOCK (Rokka): No, it's a song from the band I was helping out recently. The band's called "Mirror Dreams."
Marina: I know them~! I've seen them on music shows before. They just performed at a music festival too, didn't they?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. I played with them as a session musician at that festival.
Marina: It was the Flower Jam, right? I heard good things about Mirror Dreams's performance. People were saying they played with a totally different energy than usual.
Marina: I guess you joining the band lit a spark in them.
LOCK (Rokka): It wasn't me. They sounded different because they worked so hard...! Actually, they're the ones that lit a spark inside of me.
LOCK (Rokka): They were really good to me, and they also taught me the importance of keeping a band going.
Marina: I see. Sometimes spending time away from your own band can be a good experience.
Marina: Hrm? But I was pretty sure Mirror Dreams is...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah... Yes. Just the other day, they announced they were breaking up...
Marina: Oh... That's kind of sad. They've been together for so long.
LOCK (Rokka): I know... But they told me they really thought about it, and ending the band was what they wanted to do.
LOCK (Rokka): When they told me they wouldn't be together anymore, it made me think of so many things.
LOCK (Rokka): Like how I can contribute to RAS, how hard it is to make a living playing music, and what RAS's future might look like...
LOCK (Rokka): I still have absolutely no idea what the answer to those things could be, but I want to think about them as much as possible until I can find my answers.
Marina: You're amazing, Rokka-chan... I'm sure that won't be easy, but we're wishing you the best.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you. I want to work hard so that the next time I see Mirror Dreams, I'll be able to hold my head up high.
