1840_Rokka Asahi_R5 Red-Handed?!

Gacha phrase: Stop right there! We're the student council~!

<Please Reply, Asahi-san!>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

LOCK (Rokka): Umm... "Thank you very much for your valued feedback! Regarding the number of seats in the cafeteria-"
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, why don't you take a brea-
LOCK (Rokka): We will take it into consideration after reviewing the seating arrangement and discussing it with the teachers. There. That's done. For the next submission-
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? I thought I put it around here...
Tsugumi: Are you looking for this?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, that's it! Thank you!
LOCK (Rokka): ... Oh, Tsugumi-senpai, when did you come back? Didn't you just go to meet with the teachers...?
Tsugumi: It's been thirty minutes since that happened.
LOCK (Rokka): Really~?!
Tsugumi: Fufu. You were so focused, huh? You're working too hard, though. Are you okay? You have other student council work to do, so don't push yourself too much.
LOCK (Rokka): Sorry! I make sure not to let it affect my other duties, of course! I just wanna finish writing replies for this pile first...!
Tsugumi: All the more reason not to overwork yourself. If you want to keep responding to submissions, then do it at your own pace.
Tsugumi: There's no point if you get too tired, okay?
LOCK (Rokka): ... You're right. It'd be rude of me if I got tired and wrote sloppily. I'll do the rest after taking a break.
Tsugumi: Yeah. You should... Anyway, we've been getting more submissions now, huh?
LOCK (Rokka): It must be because of the painting.
Tsugumi: I'm sure that's part of the reason... You know, I heard that everyone likes your kind responses, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): H-huh?! Wh-who said that...?
Tsugumi: The students did. The teachers said so earlier too. They were talking about it in the teachers' office.
LOCK (Rokka): Whaaat...? In the teachers' office...?!
Tsugumi: We get so many submissions every day. Replying is one thing, but isn't reading through them a lot of work too?
LOCK (Rokka): Not at all! The submissions aren't just requests. Some are written like diary entries, so they're fun to read.
Tsugumi: Like diary entries...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Umm... It should be here...
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, like this one! "I finally got to eat the fluffy chestnut cream buns! They're just as good as everyone said!"
Tsugumi: Fufu. You're right. Wanting to tell people you got to eat something you've always wanted to eat is so relatable.
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah! There's also this... "It's my dream to get a response! Please reply to me!"
Tsugumi: That's not really a diary entry. It's more like a Star Festival tanzaku or a wish written on an ema plaque.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, yeah. But reading submissions and thinking of what to write as a response is so fun.
Tsugumi: Do you reply to these kinds of submissions too?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I know it's better to only respond to requests and things that require a response, but...
LOCK (Rokka): Reading through each and every submission helps me visualize what kind of school life everyone is having.
LOCK (Rokka): Learning about the little things that make the students happy or sad... makes me understand what Haneoka is truly like.
LOCK (Rokka): That's why no matter what it's about, I want to treasure all the submissions we receive.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan...
LOCK (Rokka): Instead of trying to fit in at school, we should be trying to make school fit us.
Tsugumi: I told you that the other day...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. I learned that from you.
LOCK (Rokka): I believe that responding to the submissions will help us achieve the goal of making the school fit us.
LOCK (Rokka): Even though we solved the mystery of the painting, I wanna keep facing each submission sincerely from now on.
LOCK (Rokka): There are still a lot of things I don't notice, but by doing this, I hope that I'll start noticing even the smallest changes that Haneoka goes through.
LOCK (Rokka): And when I can do that, I'll be a student council member that people can count on, like you! ... At least, that's what I hope.
Tsugumi: That's not necessary. You're already a dependable student council member, you know?
LOCK (Rokka): No! I'm not Tsugurific enough yet...! I'll do my best to make that happen- Huh?
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, what's wrong?
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai, look at this submission! It's from the concert band...
Tsugumi: Where is it...?
Tsugumi: ... I see. We should probably hear them out in their club room. Let's go now, then.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay!


<A Glimpse into Haneoka>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[Station Entrance]

LOCK (Rokka): Umm, the stationery shop should be this way...
Marina: Oh? Rokka-chan?
LOCK (Rokka): Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Hi. Are you out shopping?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! I've been having to use pens a lot lately, so I wanted to get one that's comfortable and easy to use.
Marina: Choosing a pen that suits you is really important~. It helps you make progress when you're writing.
LOCK (Rokka): Exactly...! As a student council member, I've been writing responses to submissions from the suggestion box, so I wanna find the perfect pen!
Marina: I didn't know that was part of your student council duties. It sounds tough.
LOCK (Rokka): It's really tiring when we have a lot of submissions coming in... but it's mighty fun!
Marina: Fun?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! The submissions help us find out what should be improved upon to make the school better.
LOCK (Rokka): But they also show us how everyone feels at school and what they're thinking... They help you see that better.
LOCK (Rokka): It's hard to talk to each student individually, but the submissions help bridge that gap a little...
Marina: I think I get how you feel. At CiRCLE, we ask people to fill out surveys after a show, and that's where I know about a lot of things for the first time.
Marina: It's nice to talk to them directly, but there's no time, and some people aren't good at saying how they feel... so surveys are really important.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! That's exactly it...! Maybe it's easier to use the suggestion box instead of talking, so they convey their feelings better.
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I really enjoy writing responses for submissions. I find it to be a worthwhile task for the student council!
LOCK (Rokka): And if they're happy with the response, then that's like killing two birds with one stone... No, three birds with one stone!
Marina: Fufu. You're so lively, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): R-really...?
Marina: Mhm. You look so determined whenever you talk about the student council.
Marina: It makes me want to see you doing your best at school with student council work.
LOCK (Rokka): N-no...! It's nothing special, really...!
LOCK (Rokka): But... I'll do my best so that it won't be embarrassing if you ever see me!
LOCK (Rokka): So I'd be happy if you could support me from now on too.
Marina: Of course. Keep doing your best, Rokka-chan!
