1957_Rokka Asahi_R4 Circle of Smiles

Gacha phrase: Eek~.....! It's too much of an honor, but we have no choice...!

<The Ever-Expanding World>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Park]

PAREO (Reona): Ah, I've found you all♪. I see you all were here.
LAYER (Rei): PAREO. You can sit next to me.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much, I shall take you up on that offer.
LAYER (Rei): It's very lively with this many people here.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it is. I was with Ako-chan and Mashiro-chan. Who were you all with?
LAYER (Rei): I was with Lisa-san and the others.
MASKING (Masuki): CHU² and I were with Rui and the others, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): I wasn't with them because I wanted to be. MASKING dragged me there.
PAREO (Reona): I was with Arisa-san, Rinko-san, Macchii-san and the others♪.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmmm, that's kind of an unusual group of people.
PAREO (Reona): We once played an escape game together before.
LOCK (Rokka): That's the one you said you took a picture with Hina-senpai, right?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Hina-chan in her wedding dress was really, really cute~♪.
LAYER (Rei): So we all got split up more than I expected. That's actually a little surprising.
LOCK (Rokka): What?
LAYER (Rei): Actually, I was a little worried when Kasumi-chan invited us. It seemed like a big group, but I wasn't sure who I would be with.
LOCK (Rokka): I see. I was so happy when she invited us, I didn't think that far...!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I see.
PAREO (Reona): I understand very well what LAYER-san means to say.
PAREO (Reona): Because I ended up having the same thoughts initially as LAYER-san.
PAREO (Reona): But... at that moment, everyone I went to the escape game with came to mind, and it made me happy.
CHU² (Chiyu): Does it really matter whether there's anyone you get along with or not? If you don't have anyone you want to talk to, you should just go home.
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san~...
LAYER (Rei): So CHU² is here now without having gone home, does that mean there was someone you wanted to talk to?
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh!? That's not what I mean to say!?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, actually, CHU² seemed to be having a good time somehow.
CHU² (Chiyu): When even!?
MASKING (Masuki): You really liked the new cookies Tsukushi recommended from Hazawa Coffee and couldn't stop eating them. I got the recipe for those cookies, so I can make them anytime!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh... that's...
LOCK (Rokka): I want to try the cookies CHU²-san was crazy about, too!
MASKING (Masuki): Of course you can. I'll make them and bring them next time we practice.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, thank you so much!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu... We've made more friends without even realizing it.
LOCK (Rokka): Come to think of it, that's true. I have a variety of friends from school, ones I meet at live houses, and so on....
LOCK (Rokka): When I left Gifu and landed in Shibuya with a carry-on bag in tow, I thought the city was a very big world.
LOCK (Rokka): But after I joined RAS, I experienced many things through the band... I sometimes think I'm in a much bigger world now than Shibuya which looked so sparkling at that time.
LOCK (Rokka): Whenever I think about how my world will surely expand even more from now on, I get very excited.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm so happy I've continued playing music!
LAYER (Rei): LOCK...
CHU² (Chiyu): Haa... I was wondering just where you were going with that.
CHU² (Chiyu): You're too naive, LOCK!
LOCK (Rokka): What? R-really?
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm saying that this is too little for you to get impressed over.
CHU² (Chiyu): We should have our eyes set on the "world"!
All: ...!
MASKING (Masuki): Ha-ha, that's good, CHU²! Ya got my blood pumpin'!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. Since we're here, how about a toast?
LOCK (Rokka): Sounds good!
PAREO (Reona): I agree, too!
CHU² (Chiyu): Isn't a toast... a little too cliché?
CHU² (Chiyu): Well, okay. Then, you lead the toast, LAYER.
LAYER (Rei): Okay, I'm on it. Everyone got something to drink?
LOCK (Rokka): Yup!
LAYER (Rei): --Let's keep it going as we are! We are...
All: RAISE A SUILEN!


<Are You Growing Up?>

(Character: Rokka Asahi)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

LOCK (Rokka): Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! I'm here on Galaxy's errand!
Marina: Hello, Rokka-chan!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you for the sakura party the other day. It was a lot of fun!
Marina: Fufu, I was just there to help out. But feel free to give RiNG's studio a try if you like.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Actually, we're just now talking about renting RiNG's studio.
Marina: Really? If RAS can use it, I'm sure Ririko-san and the others would be very happy.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, it's not RAS...! I was just talking about that with Ako-chan and Mashiro-chan.
Marina: I see, the three of you are good friends. Maybe you were together at the sakura party?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, we were! And I had the opportunity to meet with Saya-senpai, Rimi-senpai, and Soyo-chan from MyGO!!!!!.
LOCK (Rokka): Soyo-chan was very mature and cool, just like a Tsukinomori student!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, but if Mashiro-chan heard what I just said, she might get sulky...
Marina: Fufu. Soyo-chan is always so calm, isn't she?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, she is. I talked with Kirigaya-san, too. She's in a different direction from Soyo-chan, but she is also very mature...
LOCK (Rokka): Even though they are both younger than me or in the same grade, I thought they were amazing.
LOCK (Rokka): I also have a junior now that I'm in a new grade, I was worried about whether I looked like a senior or not.
Marina: I understand how Rokka-chan feels. When you are in the same age group, you can't help but compare.
Marina: But I don't think you have to worry so much. Rokka-chan, you've become much more reliable than when I first met you.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, really?
Marina: Yeah! When I first visited Galaxy on business, you were often in a panic, but that's not the case at all these days.
Marina: More than anything, every time you go on stage as RAS, you're getting more and more cool.
Marina: I've been watching you for a long time, so I can say you should have the self-confidence. You agree with me, don't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Marina-san, {{userName}}-san...!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you so much! I'm going to work even harder from now on!
LOCK (Rokka): Well then, I'm going back to Galaxy. I have a meeting with some customers later!
Marina: Yeah. Good luck!
Marina: ... Huh? What was the errand that Rokka-chan was asked to do in the first place?
Marina: Rokka-chan, wait a minute~!
