event295-04 Chapter 3: The Flower Bloom Rock Festival

Arisa's chosen memory spot is a park—with a very special reason behind it...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Kasumi: We’re here—Arisa’s special memory spot~!
Tae: We played a live here not too long ago, didn’t we?
Kasumi: Flower Bloom Rock Festival! That really was the most amazing live ever~!
Saya: Yeah, it really felt like the ultimate culmination of everything Poppin'Party’s done so far.
Arisa: Hard to believe this park was the venue for such a huge festival...
Rimi: Back then, I don’t think any of us could’ve imagined pulling something like that off.
Saya: Yeah. Stage by stage, just growing little by little...
Saya: And before we knew it, we’d made so many friends and connections... all of that led to the festival.
Kasumi: Hey hey, wasn’t the food area around here?
Arisa: Yeah, we even had Galaxy Ramen come out for it.
Rimi: That most ultimate ramen we had back then... it was so good~.
Kasumi: Wait, what!? I don't think I got to eat that!
Tae: Me neither. Rimi, did you sneak off without us?
Rimi: Ehh!? Wait—was that how it went?
Saya: Ahaha, I think the three of us were doing patrol duty and got treated.
Arisa: Ah~, that might be right.
Kasumi: So that’s what happened~. Well, it just means there was too much stuff to try and see everything.
Saya: Fufu, true.
Tae: Then should we go take a photo at where the stage was? Arisa?
Arisa: Yeah, but... before that, can I say something?
Kasumi: Huh? There’s more?
Arisa: Talking at SPACE reminded me of something.
Arisa: ...During the audition. When you lost your voice, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Ah...
Saya: Ah~, yeah, that happened.
Tae: We all chased after Kasumi, didn’t we?
Rimi: Right. Kasumi-chan, you were here in this park, weren’t you?
Kasumi: Even now, when I think about it... my chest still squeezes a little~.
Arisa: Back then, I honestly had no idea what to do.
Arisa: I’d avoided dealing with people for so long... I’d never gone through something like that before.
Arisa: And then... I don’t really know how to say it but...
Arisa: We weren’t alone—whatever we couldn’t handle, whatever hurt... we faced it together, shared it together...
Arisa: And I think that’s when I finally understood a little of what it meant to be in a band.
Arisa: I’m sure I never would’ve felt that way if even one of us hadn’t been there.
Arisa: And to think that from moments like that... we ended up able to put on a huge fes. Bands really are incredible.
Arisa: I really think... it had to be the five of us.
Kasumi, Saya, Rimi & Tae: ...
Arisa: S-so yeah... I mean, it’s not like it matters or anything but...
Kasumi: ~~~~~! Arisa~~~~!
Arisa: Woah!? K-Kasumi, don’t just grab me like that!
Kasumi: It just... made me so happy, knowing you still treasure those memories from back then...!
Kasumi: Thank you, Arisa~~!!
Arisa: Ugh~, come on! I get it already—now get off me~~!!
Kasumi: Nope, not letting go...!
Rimi: Fufu, we’ve seen those two do this so many times.
Tae: Yeah. Arisa, you always look happy.
Arisa: Huh!? What part of me looks even remotely happy to you!?
Tae: Oh, there's some of Kasumi’s snot on your shirt.
Arisa: W-what!? H-hey—Kasumi, you~~!!
Kasumi: S-sowwy~~!!
Rimi: Fufufu. You two really never change.
Tae: Yeah. You’ve been close ever since back then.
Saya: ...“It had to be the five of us,” huh...
