event295-01 Opening: Let’s Take a Memory Photo!

The girls bring their favorite Poppin'Party photos to make an album—when Kasumi suddenly has an idea.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Yamabuki Residence - Saya's Room]

Kasumi: Ahaha! Yeah, yeah! Remember when we all rode the panda-chan float and flipped over in the ocean~?
Arisa: That seawater really stung my eyes~.
Rimi: I got so much water up my nose, my mouth tasted like the ocean all day~.
Tae: There’s more, look. This one’s from when we rode the ferry, and this one’s from when we stayed at the inn.
Kasumi: What!? When did you even take these?
Tae: While you were sleeping.
Arisa: Ahaha, Kasumi, you’re drooling. What a silly-looking sleeping face~.
Tae: And this one’s from when the ferry rocked and Arisa got startled. This one’s when you were half-asleep and talking to the wall—
Arisa: How many pictures did you even take!? And what kind of timing were you even hitting the shutter!?
Saya: Fufu, thanks so much, everyone. You brought so many great photos.
Kasumi: Of course~! We wanted to help too!
Tae: I’m excited to work on the Poppin'Party album.
Rimi: Yeah, it’s not every day Saya-chan asks us for help.
Saya: I was sorting through some recent photos and thought... it’d be nice to make an album of all our band memories.
Saya: And if we’re doing that, I wanted to include everyone’s favorite photos too.
Kasumi: Hehe~ I went through all my old phone photos and picked out the best ones!
Arisa: Still, when you put all our photos together, it’s a ton of them...
Tae: Just the Astrock pictures alone take up a lot.
Arisa: Yeah. We should make sure we don’t mix up which event’s which.
Kasumi: Ah! Rimi-rin, this photo—isn’t that from our very first Rocking Star Festival!?
Rimi: Yep. I scrolled way back through my phone and was surprised too. I’d forgotten I even took some of these.
Saya: Fufu, we all look so nervous right before going on stage.
Arisa: Woah~, I can feel the nerves coming back just looking at it.
Tae: Still, when you compare us to how we looked in these old photos, we kind of look different now, don’t we?
Saya: You’re right. There’s something so fresh about us back then... It’s kind of embarrassing to look at now.
Kasumi: Could it be that we’ve become... more mature?
Arisa: Nah, you haven’t changed that much.
Kasumi: What~!? No way, I totally have~!
Arisa: For example?
Kasumi: Hmm~~... oh, look. In this one where I’m winking—don’t I look a lot more mature now compared to back then?
Arisa: You seriously look the same!!
Saya: Fufu, it’s really fun looking back on all these photos together like this. I’m glad we kept so many memories.
Tae: Yeah. It feels like we’re tracing our own footsteps.
Rimi: The number of photos shows just how much time we’ve spent together.
Kasumi: Oh! Hey hey, I just thought of something great!
Arisa: Here we go... fine, let’s hear it.
Kasumi: Let’s go take a commemorative photo! All of us!
Arisa: A commemorative photo?
Kasumi: Yeah! Looking at these pictures made me realize—We’ve been changing little by little without even noticing.
Kasumi: So I want to take even more photos together, to capture those moments!
Kasumi: That way, future us can look back and laugh together just like this!
Arisa: Well... I get the idea, but what’s this one supposed to commemorate?
Kasumi: The “Album-Making Commemoration!”
Arisa: Taking a commemorative photo for making an album... isn’t that kinda weird?
Tae: Really? I think it's super exciting.
Saya: Yeah, and since it’s such nice weather, a walk with everyone while taking photos doesn’t sound bad.
Rimi: We might get some great shots out of it.
Kasumi: See, see~? Even they agree with me!
Arisa: Geez, you’re all way too soft on Kasumi~...
Arisa: ...But I guess a relaxed walk with everyone doesn’t sound too bad either.
Kasumi: Yay~! Alright then, let’s get ready!
Saya: Oh right, I’ll grab my tripod. I think it’s in the closet somewhere...
Tae: I’ll wait by the door.
Arisa: You’re ready already!?
Kasumi: Alright! Once everyone’s set, let’s head out for our Poppin'Party Album-Making Commemoration Photoshoot~!!
Saya, Tae, Arisa & Rimi: Yeah~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
