event90-03 Chapter 2: Reform the Cafeteria Menu!

Hina and Tsugumi arrive at the cafeteria. Seeing the uninspiring menu sparks ideas in Hina.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Hina: We're here~! You're so slow, Tsugu-chan~.
Tsugumi: Y-you're just super fast, Hina-senpai!
Schoolgirl: Ah, Hina-senpai, hello! Are you working on something for student council right now?
Hina: You bet! We're doing our best to make this school extra boppin'♪ Isn't that right, Tsugu-chan?!
Tsugumi: I told you, no running in the halls.
Hina: Ahaha, sorry~. I've got rehearsal at the talent agency after this, so I'm in a rush~.
Tsugumi: That doesn't make it okay to run in the halls!
Hina: Okay~. Sorry~.
Tsugumi: A-are you really though...?
Schoolgirl: School's been so much more fun ever since you became student council president! Just know that we're here for you, as our president and as Pastel＊Palettes fans!
Hina: Thank you~. Well? Sounds like they're expecting a lot from us.
Tsugumi: (Hina-senpai really is popular... It always feels like something good will happen when she's around. The school feels happier somehow...)
Tsugumi: (If only I could learn how to do that from Hina-senpai...)
Hina: Alright, why don't we take a look at the cafeteria menu? ... Hm? Is everything okay?
Tsugumi: Ah, yes. I'm fine.
Hina: I don't really come to the cafeteria~. Where's the menu anyway?
Tsugumi: I usually bring a bento to eat with everyone in Afterglow, so I don't really come here either.
Hina: Oh yeah, doesn't Afterglow usually hang out on the roof?
Hina: I always call the roof Afterglow's turf.
Tsugumi: P-please don't call it that.  Ah, here's the menu.
Hina: Oh yeah! Ramen, udon, soba... Ah, they've got curry too.
Tsugumi: Looks like they have a daily special as well, and they're selling salads and buns over there.
Hina: I see~...
Tsugumi: I think this is pretty good for a school cafeteria. I don't know what else we could possibly add to make it better...
Hina: Well, this won't do at all~.
Tsugumi: Huh...?
Hina: Come on, you see it too, right? This is so boring.
Tsugumi: Boring...?
Hina: This is just a normal cafeteria. That doesn't seem very boppin' to me.
Tsugumi: I... suppose you're right... Although, are you sure it's not just you...?
Hina: Personally, I'd wanna see hamburgers~.
Tsugumi: Hamburgers?!
Hina: Wouldn't that be awesome? Then you could eat a burger while reading.
Tsugumi: But hamburgers are... I don't know... They don't seem like the best thing to add to the menu...
Hina: Huh? Why not? Isn't one of the daily specials Hamburg steak?
Tsugumi: That's true... I think it's the Tuesday special.
Hina: And they've got buns over there. If we can eat them separately, why can't we eat the two together? Isn't that a bit weird?
Tsugumi: I-I guess when you put it that way...
Hina: We should have them sell hamburgers as a set with fries and a drink! I think I remember seeing fries listed as a side somewhere, so it should be fine, right?
Tsugumi: A burger and fries set, huh...?
Hina: If I could eat that for lunch, that'd make my day extra boppin'♪ for sure~.
Hina: Ah, and what about this?! We could have a buffet! I'd love to be able to eat all of my favorite foods at once.
Tsugumi: A buffet? That sounds like a very interesting idea, but-
Hina: I bet it'd be super popular too! Let's do it~!
Tsugumi: O-okay, I'll do some research to see if there are any schools with similar systems.
Hina: Thank you~!
Hina: Ah, why don't we go talk to the cafeteria staff right now? We should strike while the iron is still hot, right?
Tsugumi: Ah, we need to prepare a few documents beforehand, like a formal request and proposal, so I think it's best to wait.
Hina: Gotcha. That all sounds so tedious, but whatever~. Alright, Tsugu-chan, do your thing and make it Tsugurific!
Tsugumi: What...?
Himari: Hm? Isn't that Tsugu and... Hina-senpai...?
Himari: What are they doing...?
