event90-07 Ending: The Famous Student Council Duo

Hina and Tsugumi enjoy a boppin' meal at the cafeteria and have a fine afternoon together.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[One Month Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Hina: Wow~! Doesn't this gratin look good?! I'll take this too!
Tsugumi: H-Hina-senpai! Are you really going to be able to finish all that? We don't want to waste food!
Hina: I know, I know~! It's fine!
Tsugumi: But you already ordered the burger and fries set, right? Are you really that hungry?
Hina: You worry too much~. If I can't finish it all, I'll just give my leftovers to you~.
Tsugumi: Well, I won't take them.
Hina: Still, how boppin'♪ is it that we get to eat as much of our favorite foods as we like~?!
Tsugumi: This buffet is only going to happen once a month, but everyone was really excited about it.
Hina: The school even said they'd consider doing it more often if it's popular enough. I'm sure that'll happen at this rate.
Tsugumi: I've never seen so many people in the cafeteria before.
Hina: By the way, where are the members of Afterglow? Are they guarding their turf?
Tsugumi: It's not our turf. They said they'll come by later, once there are fewer people around.
Hina: Gotcha. Good thing I grabbed us some seats~. I rushed over here as soon as class ended♪
Tsugumi: I thought I told you no running in the halls!
Hina: Don't worry about it~. Come on, have a seat, Tsugu-chan! Ready?
Hina & Tsugumi: Cheers~! Ch-cheers...
Hina: Now where should I start~? I think I'll go with the french fries first.
Hina: Hm... Mmhm... These are delicious~!!!
Tsugumi: H-Hina-senpai! Quiet down!
Hina: Ah, Tsugu-chan! It's time! Listen!
School Intercom: And now for the most requested song of the week! The number one spot goes to...
Hina: Wow! It's "Luminous!" We won!
Hina: Remember how Afterglow's song was number one last week? Well, I went around and asked everyone to vote for Pastel＊Palettes this week!
Tsugumi: Y-you... campaigned for your own band...?! Is that even allowed?!
Hina: Ahaha. It's fine, right? It's not like it's a crime or anything.
Hina: Everybody~! I hope you'll vote for Pastel＊Palettes again next week~! Ah, or Roselia! Then we can listen to my sisterplay guitar together~!
Tsugumi: Oh~... I guess I can't stop you... Fufufu.
(Black cut)
Hina: Phew~, I'm stuffed. That dessert was so good. What a great lunch!
Tsugumi: I can't believe you were able to eat all of that... You even went back for seconds and thirds.
Hina: It was all so tasty~. How could I resist? That burger was really good too. Next time I'll try the teriyaki burger.
Hina: Ah, it's starting!
Kaoru: Greetings, my little kittens. Are you enjoying your meals? Our fleeting time together has finally arrived.
Kaoru: Welcome to "Shakespeare with Kaoru Seta," where I get to spend a fleeting moment with you, my dear little kittens... I hope you will enjoy the show.
Hina: I wonder what the quote of the day is~. I can't wait!
Tsugumi: The cafeteria was so rowdy just a second ago. Now everyone's fixated on the broadcast...
Tsugumi: Seta-senpai... She really is amazing...
Hina: She's the best, isn't she~?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan said she's started recording the broadcasts on her phone.
Hina: Maybe I should come up with something to broadcast~. Listening to Kaoru-kun makes me want to give it a try too!
Tsugumi: Should we start coming up with another plan then?
Hina: Ahaha, good thinking~. I've got so many ideas~.
Hina: ... Hm?
Tsugumi: What is it, Hina-senpai?
Hina: I just had the most boppin'♪ idea!
Tsugumi: Wh-what is it...?
Hina: You're going to love it! You know how they're going to repaint the warehouse with the gym equipment? Before that, we...
Tsugumi: What~?! A-are you serious?! W-well, I suppose I could write up a proposal...
Tsugumi: Hm? In that case... how about incorporating an idea like this?
Hina: Ahaha! Interesting~! That'd be fantastic! Now we're boppin'!
Tsugumi: Alright, then I'll add it to our proposal.
Hina: Thank you~. Make it Tsugutastic for me~.
Tsugumi: That's not even the right word!
Hina: Huh? It's not? Oh well~.
(Black cut)
