event90-05 Chapter 4: Whoosh, Tsugu-chan!

Hina and Tsugumi select the next request to work on. Hina has her eye on one regarding the school's afternoon broadcast...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls Academy - Student Council Room]

Hina: Let's see~, what should we do next~?
Tsugumi: It's hard to pick from all these suggestions, isn't it?
Hina: Ah! Now this is a boppin'♪ idea!
Tsugumi: Th-that was fast...
Hina: What do you think, Tsugu-chan? "I wish the lunchtime broadcast was more interesting." I totally agree.
Hina: I mean, the lunch broadcast only ever plays classical music. That's not boppin'♪ at all. Don't you want to hear other songs too?
Tsugumi: I like the classical music though. It's so soothing.
Hina: Oh~, do you listen to a lot of classical music then?
Tsugumi: Not really, but I like having it play during lunchtime.
Hina: I think having more types of music would be better. We could play songs from Pastel＊Palettes and Afterglow. Roselia would be a good choice too.
Hina: Being able to listen to my sister's guitar while eating would make lunchtime perfect~.
Tsugumi: That does sound like fun, but there are also a lot of people who want to relax during their lunch breaks. Changing the lineup to songs you like could be seen as a bit inconsiderate...
Hina: Oh yeah, I suppose you're right~.
Hina: Hmm~, what to do...?
Hina: Ah, I've got a boppin'♪ idea!
Hina: What if we asked everyone what songs they wanted to hear?!
Tsugumi: How do we do that...?
Hina: We could have everyone vote for what song to play, and then we can present the winning song at the end! We could do the voting online or in person too!
Hina: If people want to listen to classical music, then they just have to vote for a classical song. That's fair, right?
Tsugumi: So it's like a popularity contest... It sounds like something you'd see on TV...
Hina: Doesn't it sound fun though?! Plus, then we'll all know what kind of music is popular at our school, so it'll give everyone something to talk about!
Hina: This is a great idea! Let's do it!
Tsugumi: It does sound fun, but the broadcast committee is in charge of that, so we'll have to talk to them first.
Hina: Alright, then off we go~!
Tsugumi: W-we can't just rush over there like that! I'll make a proposal first, and then we can bring our documents to them together.
Hina: Ah, right. Okay then, Tsugu-chan! I expect your proposal to be ready by tomorrow~.
Tsugumi: Tomorrow...?! Okay...
Kaoru: Excuse me. Could I ask for a moment of your time?
Hina: Wow~, it's Kaoru-kun~.
Kaoru: Oh my, the student council president and vice president in one place. This will make things much easier. Lucky me.
Tsugumi: Hello. It's nice to see you.
Hina: What's up, Kaoru-kun? Do you need something from the student council?
Kaoru: I'm here to submit the theater club's next performance dates... What are my little kittens up to?
Hina: Well, we're...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: I see. In order to improve our school lives, you're seeking to reform the lunchtime broadcasts... It is but that.
Hina: Yup. It is but that.
Kaoru: Ah, what courageous little kittens you are. To take on the world and strive to make our school all the more fleeting... You have my deepest respects.
Hina: I don't know about fleeting. We're just trying to make it more boppin'♪
Hina: Anyway, we were thinking of having the school vote on what music plays during lunch. Do you have any other ideas, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Fufufu, but of course I do. Why don't I recite one of my original poems?
Hina: A poetry reading?! That sounds so interesting! Let's do it!
Hina: Leave it to Kaoru-kun to come up with such a great idea, right?
Tsugumi: I suppose only she would come up with an idea like that...
Kaoru: Fufu, I merely seek to grant the wishes of my little kittens here at school.
Tsugumi: You do have a large fan base in our school, don't you? I'm sure Himari-chan would love it...
Hina: What about this?! We could have Kaoru-kun introduce one Shakespeare quote every day!
Hina: I love Kaoru-kun's Shakespeare quotes~. They're so interesting~.
Kaoru: Perhaps we could call it something like "Shakespeare with Kaoru Seta?"
Hina: Yeah! That name's perfect! Will you do it, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Fufu, how could I turn down the student council president's request?
Tsugumi: Sounds to me like you're the one who wants to do it...
Hina: Wow~, this is all so exciting~. School's gonna be way more boppin'♪ now!
Tsugumi: Well, nothing's decided yet, but I'll make sure to add this to my proposal.
Hina: Thanks, Tsugu-chan. You're the best~!
