event90-02 Chapter 1: Boppin' Requests

Tsugumi summarizes the students' requests for Hina. Among them, they found quite the boppin' request...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Well, I managed to compile all the answers. Some of the surveys asked for the same thing, so I put the number of repeats next to each request.
Hina: Whoa~, now this is organized! Good job, Tsugu-chan! That's my vice president for you~.
Tsugumi: Since this survey was anonymous, we got a lot of very direct requests this time.
Hina: That must have made it hard to organize, huh~? Thanks again~.
Tsugumi: It was no problem at all. I'm slowly learning to keep up with you, Hina-senpai.
Hina: Oh~, what a trustworthy underclassman.
Hina: You know, I remember taking a peek at your notes once. You keep them organized too~.
Tsugumi: How do you take notes, Hina-senpai? I'm sure it's very interesting.
Hina: I don't take notes in class. I can usually memorize something after hearing it once.
Tsugumi: N-no way...
Hina: I didn't realize there were so many requests here though. If school's so awful, why doesn't someone do something about it?
Tsugumi: Most of the requests here seem to be asking for small improvements instead of big changes.
Tsugumi: Besides, we have a lot of students in this school. It's only natural that we'd get a lot of answers.
Hina: Then why haven't any of them decided to do something about it?
Tsugumi: Like I said yesterday, a lot of people find it hard to act on their own.
Hina: Yeah, I tried thinking about that some more once I got home yesterday, but I still don't get it.
Hina: School's a part of our lives, right? So shouldn't we want to make it more fun? It seems so obvious to me.
Hina: Instead of trying to fit in at school, shouldn't we be trying to make school fit us?
Tsugumi: ...?!
Tsugumi: (Instead of fitting in at school, we should make school fit us, huh...?)
Tsugumi: (That's...)
Hina: Hm? Something wrong?
Tsugumi: N-no, it's nothing...
Hina: Alright, then let's see what kind of requests we have here. Other than the one about the principal's announcements being too long, what else is there?
Hina: Hm? What's this one...? "I want class to start later."
Tsugumi: Ah, that's right. There were a few requests like that... However...
Tsugumi: We don't actually have to deal with every single one of these requests.
Tsugumi: ... In fact, if we even try to, the school might actually-
Hina: Ahaha, don't worry, I know. You worry too much, Tsugu-chan.
Hina: If classes started later, then school would have to end later too, right?
Hina: That's not a very boppin'♪ request. Out it goes~.
Tsugumi: Thank goodness. I was so nervous putting all these requests together. I didn't know what I would do if you tried some of these ideas.
Hina: Well, an un-boppin' request isn't any fun~. Don't worry, you don't need to be that Tsugurific.
Tsugumi: Uhm... What's that supposed to mean?
Hina: Uhm, good question. I'm just using it randomly.
Tsugumi: I thought as much...
Hina: What else is there...? "I want to take less tests." Hmm~, no, that's not very boppin'♪ either.
Hina: Let's see... Hm? Wait... Now this is boppin'♪
Tsugumi: Huh? Which one?
Hina: This one! "I wish the cafeteria had a bigger menu!"
Hina: That sounds cool! Having more to choose from would make school way more fun!
Tsugumi: The cafeteria menu, huh...?
Hina: What's on the menu now?
Tsugumi: Well, there's soba noodles, udon noodles, and... I-I'm sorry, I usually bring a bento to school with me, so I don't really go to the cafeteria...
Hina: Ah, in that case, let's go check it out! That's way faster anyway! Come on, let's go! To the cafeteria~!
Tsugumi: W-wait, Hina-senpai...! No running in the halls~!
