event90-04 Chapter 3: Kindred Spirits

After hearing Hina's ideas, Himari shares some ideas of her own...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Himari: Tsugu~! Hina-senpai~!
Tsugumi: Ah, Himari-chan!
Hina: Hey~. Are you here for club stuff?
Himari: Yup! We have a match coming up, so I've got practice today! And seeing as you two are together, I'm guessing you're doing something for student council?
Hina: Yup, bingo~.
Himari: Don't put too much on Tsugu's plate, okay~? Tsugu tends to overdo it if it means making things Tsugurific.
Hina: I know, don't worry~. I'm not overworking you, right, Tsugu-chan?
Tsugumi: Right...
Himari: Alright, if you say so. So what's the student council doing here?
Hina: Well, we're trying to find ways to make the school even more boppin'♪
Himari: Boppin'? What do you mean...?
Tsugumi: Well, for example...
(Black cut)
Himari: Gotcha! So that's what you're up to!
Tsugumi: One of the suggestions we got was to add more items to the cafeteria's menu, so we were just discussing it.
Himari: What?! You're going to add stuff to the menu?!
Tsugumi: We don't know yet. We have to submit a proposal to the school first.
Hina: Right now, we're just brainstorming~.
Himari: That's such a good idea though! I'd like it if we had a bigger selection too.
Himari: Doesn't the current menu just scream "school cafeteria?"
Hina: Right? That's what I was thinking.
Tsugumi: To think I'd find someone who thinks like Hina-senpai so close by...
Himari: So what are you thinking of adding to the menu?
Hina: As of right now, we want to suggest adding a burger-and-fries set. We also think it'd be fun to do a buffet-style menu.
Himari: A buffet?! That would be amazing! I'm already feeling more boppin'♪ just thinking about it!
Hina: Ehehe, good to know we made you feel boppin'♪
Himari: Uhm, this is just me, but... I think it'd be even more boppin'♪ if we had desserts too...
Hina: Yeah! That's a great idea, Himari-chan!
Himari: Wouldn't it be nice to finish lunch with a parfait or piece of cake? Then this cafeteria would be perfect~.
Hina: You're right~! As for me~, I'd want to eat crepes~. Like a chocolate banana crepe with tons of whipped cream on top.
Himari: Crepes! That's a great idea! If our cafeteria had that, coming to school would be even more fun!
Hina: What kind of crepes do you like, Tsugu-chan?
Tsugumi: It's strawberry crepes for me. Strawberries and whipped cream just go so well together.
Himari: I know~. It's the best combination ever.
Hina: But when you think of crepes, don't you think of chocolate banana? Which one do you like, Himari-chan?
Himari: Well~, I like strawberry banana crepes~.
Hina: Ah, that's cheating~. Ahahaha.
Hina: Crepe's really are boppin'♪, huh?
Himari: Yeah, they sure are~.
Tsugumi: (Himari-chan and Hina-senpai are completely in sync...)
Hina: You heard her, Tsugu-chan! Make sure you add Himari-chan's opinion to our proposal♪
Himari: Huh...?
Himari: T-Tsugu... I'm sorry~! I didn't make your job harder, did I?
Tsugumi: Fufufu, don't worry. I thought this might happen, so I was already taking notes.
Tsugumi: Besides, seeing you get so excited makes me want to do a good job. Thank you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Oh~, Tsugu, Why are you such a good girl~? I love you~.
Tsugumi: C-come on, you're embarrassing me.
Hina: Alright, I guess we can call that request fulfilled.
Tsugumi: Agreed. Now we can move on to the next one.
Hina: Oh~, that's the spirit, Tsugu-chan! We'll get through these requests in no time!
