event90-06 Chapter 5: Words that Strike a Chord

While Tsugumi was working on writing a proposal, Maya pops by the student council room.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Uhm... What should I put down for the reason...?
Tsugumi: I can't just write "Because we want to make the school more boppin'♪" ... What should I do~?
Maya: Excuse me. Is anyone here?
Tsugumi: Huh? Maya-senpai?
Maya: Oh, Hazawa-san! So this is where you were! I went to your classroom, but you weren't there, so I thought you might be here instead.
Tsugumi: Do you need something from me, Maya-senpai? Did something happen?
Maya: No, I don't need anything. I just happened to hear about yesterday from Hina-san during our rehearsal...
Maya: Hina-san told me she left all the document writing to you, so I got a little worried...
Tsugumi: Huh? Is that why you're here...?
Maya: Yeah. You have a lot of work to do, right? If you want, I could help.
Tsugumi: No, it's fine! This is part of my job as vice president.
Tsugumi: I appreciate the thought, though. Thank you!
Maya: Are you sure...? I know Hina-san tends to rush into things much quicker than others...
Maya: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is used to it by now, but still.
Tsugumi: Fufufu, you're right. At first, I was really surprised. I'd never met someone like her before.
Tsugumi: However, I think I'm slowly getting used to it.
Maya: I see. That's good to hear.
Tsugumi: How do I put this...? Hina-senpai is a real free-spirit. Ah, I mean that in a good way, of course.
Tsugumi: She's so open-minded. She doesn't seem to worry about what's normal or popular.
Maya: I know exactly what you mean. She's a real free-thinker.
Tsugumi: Even when we were going through these suggestions, she just kept coming up with ideas. She's so quick.
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai and I don't share a lot of the same viewpoints, so it's fun to work with her in student council.
Tsugumi: I'm sure Hina-senpai is only doing what she thinks is boppin'♪, but I'll work hard to follow her the best I can!
Maya: Is that so? Then I guess I was worrying too much.
Tsugumi: Uhm... Maya-senpai.
Maya: Yes?
Tsugumi: Do you remember when we were practicing Marina-san's old song a while ago? Back then, you told me I shouldn't limit myself.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Maya: Uhm, Hazawa-san... You shouldn't belittle yourself like that.
Tsugumi: Huh?
Maya: The only one here is you, the person doing their best to learn and grow every day.
Maya: So don't say things like "someone like me." If you put limits on yourself like that, you'll never change.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Maya: You're right... I did say something like that, didn't I?
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai said something really similar.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Hina: School's a part of our lives, right? So shouldn't we want to make it more fun? It seems so obvious to me.
Hina: Instead of trying to fit in at school, shouldn't we be trying to make school fit us?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsugumi: I get the feeling that working with Hina-senpai is going to teach me how to get rid of those limits I put on myself.
Maya: Ah, now that I think about it... It was Hina-san who said that to me, too.
Tsugumi: Talking to Hina-senpai really puts your mind at ease, doesn't it?
Maya: Yeah, I know what you mean.
Tsugumi: Anyway, I only have a little bit more to do on these documents. I'll do my best!
Maya: Huhehe, I can't wait to see what kind of boppin'♪ things you two will come up with!
Tsugumi: Yeah! We'll make this school boppin'♪ for sure~! You're going to love it!
