event90-01 Opening: Haneoka Student Council Meeting

The student council meeting started with the usual statement from Tsugumi. What does Hina have to say about the students' requests for the school?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Hina: Uhm~, is this everyone?  Great, then let's start the student council meeting~.
Hina: Alright, guys, give me your ideas~. Whoever has the most boppin'♪ idea gets the special Hina-chan Prize~!
Tsugumi: U-uhm, Hina-senpai. Before that, could I call this meeting to order? It's one of my duties...
Hina: Ah, that's right. Ahaha, I totally forgot~. Go ahead, Tsugu-chan~.
Tsugumi: Thank you. I now call this meeting of the Haneoka Girls' Academy Student Council to order.
Tsugumi: Ready... And... Begin!
Hina: Oh~, that's our Tsugu-chan. You're so good at that~.
Hina: Now~, let me hear those boppin'♪ ideas of yours, everybody~. By the way, how are you all doing? Is every day boppin'?
Tsugumi: Ah, that reminds me, Hina-senpai. We got the surveys about student life back from all the classrooms.
Tsugumi: These are all the answered surveys. The students wrote all sorts of stuff, so please take a look.
Hina: Whoa, look at them all. Some people really wrote a lot too. I guess I'll give them a read! Let's see...
Hina: Oh! Hey, check it out! "Every school day is fun and boppin'♪ thanks to the student council president." Yippee~!
Hina: Ah, and this one says, "Thank you to the student council president for all the boppin'♪ fun." Ahaha, this is great~.
Tsugumi: Our staff advisor also said that the school's attendance rate has gone up since you became president, Hina-senpai.
Hina: Wow~, I had no idea. Well, what matters is that everyone's having fun, so that's good.
Hina: Hm? Tsugu-chan, what about this pile?
Tsugumi: Ah, those are all the surveys that were asking for improvements. I thought it'd be a good idea to organized them separately.
Hina: Improvements, huh? Ah, you're right. Let's see...
Hina: "The principal's morning announcements are always so long. I wish they were shorter."
Tsugumi: Most of the requests are like that. Just things they want the school to do.
Hina: I kinda like the principal's stories, though~. You never know where the story's going to end up. Isn't that exciting?
Tsugumi: Ah~, I guess I've never thought of it that way...
Hina: Actually, why are they telling us this? Can't they just tell the principal themselves?
Hina: If something's not boppin'♪, then it only makes sense to make it boppin'♪, right?
Tsugumi: Well... We can't expect everyone to be able to talk to the principal.
Tsugumi: After all, there are a lot of students who can't speak their minds that easily. It's our job as the student council to represent those students.
Hina: Huh? Why can't they speak their minds? Staying silent isn't going to help. Are they just going to let it keep happening then? Isn't that a bit weird?
Tsugumi: I-I suppose that's one way to look at it... But not everyone can act on their feelings like you, Hina-senpai.
Hina: Wow~, that's really weird~. Why can't everyone just do what they want? It's as simple as that.
Tsugumi: It's harder than it looks... I definitely know what those students are going through.
Hina: But all you have to do is, you know, ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom. And you're done.
Tsugumi: "Ba-da-bing, ba-da-boom" is hard enough to understand on its own.
Hina: Whoa~, really? In that case...
Hina: I'll just have to lead by example!
Tsugumi: Huh? By 'example'... What exactly do you mean?
Hina: If I show everyone how to make their school lives more boppin'♪, then everyone will be able to do it!
Hina: Now, Tsugu-chan! Can you make all these requests Tsugurific by tomorrow?
Tsugumi: Make them Tsugurific...? Do you mean go through them and compile the answers?
Hina: Yeah, that!
Tsugumi: How did I even figure out what you were trying to say...?
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai, I think you're using "Tsugurific" incorrectly.
Hina: Ahahaha, am I? I don't really know what it means.
Hina: Anyway, I look forward to your report~.
Tsugumi: Sigh~, understood...
