event180-07 Chapter 6: CiRCLE is...

After a meeting, Yukina and Lisa pay a visit to CiRCLE.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Good evening~☆
Yukina: Greetings.
Marina: Ah, Lisa-chan, Yukina-chan! Good evening.
Yukina: Our meeting at the talent agency finished a little early so we decided to pay you a visit.
Marina: Wow, thank you! Maya-chan and Eve-chan stopped by yesterday. Aya-chan and Chisato-chan were just here too.
Yukina: I see. It appears we were all thinking the same thing.
Marina: I appreciate you both coming here in the middle of your busy schedule. However, I think we're done for the day.
Lisa: What~? Seriously? There's gotta be something we can do~. We wanna help out somehow. Right, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes... Marina-san, perhaps I've mentioned this before, but this place is one of Roselia's starting points.
Yukina: Roselia was born from the encounters that took place here. It's an irreplaceable place that made us into Roselia.
Yukina: That's why I'd like you to let us know if there's any way in which we can assist you.
Marina: Yukina-chan... Okay, I will.
Lisa: At CiRCLE, everything is always "just right" somehow.
Marina: Oh? What do you mean?
Lisa: The size of the stage, the height of the ceiling, the acoustics, and the distance from the audience... It's all just right.
Lisa: This live house is our pride and joy. In fact, I think every band who performs here feels the same.
Marina: Yukina-chan... Lisa-chan...
Yukina: We decided to ask the talent agency to let us schedule regular shows here at CiRCLE.
Marina: Really?!
Lisa: We suggested it in the meeting we just had♪
Lisa: So if someone from the agency shows up here to meet with you, you know what to do~☆
Marina: ... Thank you. Thank you so much...
Yukina: In any case, it seems there's nothing left for us to help with today. Let's head back, Lisa.
Lisa: Okay~. We've gotta come up with lyrics to send to CHU² after this anyway. See you later, Marina-san-
Marina: Ah, hold on, guys... Can you spare a little more time?
Yukina: Yes, that should be fine. What is it...?
Marina: I was thinking... If you don't mind, would you like to play one song with me?
Yukina & Lisa: Huh?!
Marina: Fufufu. I'm just so happy today, I have the urge to play the guitar.
Lisa: Whoa~, we've never played with you before, Marina-san! I'd love to! How about you, Yukina?
Yukina: Fufu... Yes, absolutely.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: C'mon, let's do one more song! Just one more!
Arisa: Are you serious...? You've been singing all day. Take a break already.
Kasumi: No way~, I wanna keep singing~. Arisa~.
Arisa: Don't forget we need to send in those lyric ideas today. Have you finished them yet?
Kasumi: Yeah, I told you before. "Sparkling and heart-pounding."
Arisa: That's not nearly detailed enough...
Kasumi: Well~, ever since the thirty-five-person concert was announced, I've been feeling so sparkling and heart-pounding. I can't think of anything else~.
Arisa: You've been like that since before the thirty-five-person concert was even decided. When are you ever not feeling sparkling and heart-pounding?
Kasumi: ... Oh, you're right!
Arisa: Even so...
Arisa: I think I know how you feel. Maybe because I've spent so much time with you.
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Arisa: That... sparkling, heart-pounding feeling. I feel it too.
Kasumi: You do?!
Arisa: I dunno if it's the exact same sparkling, heart-pounding feeling you're talking about... But yeah, I feel it in my own way.
Arisa: Not to mention, I'm really excited about the thirty-five-person concert...
Arisa: The truth is, I feel that sparkling, heart-pounding sensation every day. Probably as much as you do.
Arisa: I bet we're all feeling it. All thirty-five of us.
Kasumi: I knew it!
Arisa: Of course. Remember what the owner said before? "Everyone that deals with you somehow ends up becoming like you..."
Arisa: We're all sparkling and heart-pounding as we look forward to the thirty-five-person concert... Now let's hurry up and work on those lyric ideas.
Kasumi: Arisa...
Arisa: And when we finish that... I'll play one more song with you.
Kasumi: Okay! Ngh... Arisa... I love you~!
Arisa: Ugh, quit hugging me!
(White cut)
