event180-06 Chapter 5: What We Can Do

Aya and Chisato are discussing work, but the 35-person-show is on Aya's mind...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Hey, Chisato-chan. Would you like to go to CiRCLE after this meeting?
Aya: We should have some free time until our next job. Umm, let's see...
Chisato: We have three hours.
Aya: Huh?
Chisato: Maya-chan and Eve-chan were talking about their visit to  CiRCLE yesterday. I thought you might want to do the same, so I checked in advance.
Aya: Chi-Chisato-chan~. Thank you~!
Chisato: Fufu, you're welcome.
Chisato: I don't mind so long as we aren't late for our next job. Tardiness is not acceptable.
Aya: Of course! I understand!
Aya: By the way, I think it would be nice if we did something special at the event.
Chisato: Special...? Like run a stall? We don't have much time to prepare, though...
Aya: I-I know that~... But CiRCLE events don't come around every day! I want to have fun like we do at culture festivals!
Aya: A stall might not be possible, but maybe we can find something else. Something only Pastel＊Palettes could do.
Chisato: Something only we can do... Sure, perhaps it's worth looking into.
Chisato: The truth is, I was hoping I could be of more assistance to CiRCLE somehow.
Aya: Really?! Yay! Then let's bring it up to the others during our next break!
Chisato: Fufufu, all right. If we put our heads together, we're bound to think of a good idea.
Aya: Uh-huh! I just know we'll come up with something great!
Aya: Fufu. When I'm with everyone, I feel like I can do anything. It's like you guys lend me your power or something.
Chisato: ... Ah, that could work.
Aya: Huh? What could work?
Chisato: What you said just now might work for our lyric ideas for the thirty-five-person concert.
Chisato: We have to send them to CHU²-chan by the end of the day, remember?
Aya: Ah, I almost forgot! Yeah, that's not a bad idea!
Aya: Chisato-chan, let's work on them together on our way to CiRCLE.
Chisato: Yes, let's do that. So if we take what you said earlier, I think...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: ... Ah, I messed up. The fingering here is pretty tough...
Moca: Found you, Ran. I knew you'd be here~.
Ran: What's up, Moca?
Moca: Well~, I was hoping to practice the song for the thirty-five-person concert with you~.
Ran: If you want... That reminds me, did you come up with any lyric ideas, Moca?
Moca: Not yet~. It's pretty tricky, huh~? Even I, the Great Moca-chan-sensei, am struggling with it.
Ran: Same. I've already put the stuff I wanna say into Afterglow songs.
Moca: Hey, Ran. Take a guess.
Ran: At what?
Moca: The number of songs we've made so far.
Ran: Huh? I've never counted them...
Moca: Drumroll! We have about twenty~!
Ran: Th-that many?
Moca: Isn't it cool~? That's two albums' worth of songs for a professional band.
Moca: Who knew we had so much to say?
Ran: We probably couldn't have come up with that many ideas on our own.
Moca: Good point~. We've made tons of new friends through CiRCLE.
Ran: Fufu.
Moca: What's so funny~?
Ran: How should I put it? Somewhere along the way, CiRCLE has become a part of our "same as always."
Moca: I bet our "same as always" will continue to change and grow~.
Ran: Ah, hey, whatever happened to that T-shirt idea? You were gonna make some, right?
Moca: Yup, I'm in the middle of finalizing the design~. They're getting rave reviews. Check 'em out~.
Moca: Huh? Were they on the back of this worksheet...? Uh-oh. Maybe it was this one.
Ran: You drew on the back of a worksheet again? I told you that's how you lose things...
Moca: Here it is~! I knew it was here somewhere~!
Ran: It's all crumpled up...
Moca: Now, now, no need to be so fussy~. Anyway, which one do you like, Ran?
Ran: Hmm... I think this one is-
(Black cut)
