event180-04 Chapter 3: Unstoppable Feelings

LOCK and MASKING begin practicing the song for the 35-person-show.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy - Stage]

LOCK (Rokka): Phew... I've finally finished cleaning up~.
LOCK (Rokka): The guitarist from that band today was incredibly skilled... I wanna steal their muting technique...
MASKING (Masuki): That guitarist was sick, huh?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Masuki-san. Were you watching today's show as well?
MASKING (Masuki): You bet. I took a peek, and the guitarist was way too good to ignore. I just had to listen in.
MASKING (Masuki): With the thirty-five-person concert comin' up... Hearin' such sick guitar riffs has got me all fired up!
LOCK (Rokka): I know what you mean! I'm itching to play guitar right now!
MASKING (Masuki): Wanna play together then?
LOCK (Rokka): I'd love to! I've been practicing non-stop since the sheet music was sent over, so I've got most of it memorized.
MASKING (Masuki): I know! If we're gonna practice together, we should tackle writin' some lyrics too.
LOCK (Rokka): Good thinking. We might hit a breakthrough while we're playing!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. And we can grab some ramen when we're done.
LOCK (Rokka): Sounds great! I'd like to try the fried rice as well this time!
MASKING (Masuki): Okay then, you ready? Here we go! One, two, three, four-
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Gallag Mines]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Rin-rin, the boss is low on health! Finish them off!
RinRin (Rinko): Leave it to me, Ako-chan o(>ω<)o My spell is ready... "Elemental Burst!"
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Woohoo~! We completed the quest. It's nice playing NFO again after so long!
RinRin (Rinko): Yes, it is. On top of recording preparations, we've been working on so many things lately that we haven't been able to play at all.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Uh-huh~. We haven't had time to visit CiRCLE either.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ah! Hey, what kind of lyrics do you wanna write for the upcoming song? Have you thought of anything, Rin-rin?
RinRin (Rinko): I've been mulling over it, but there are too many things I want to say...  If anything, it's harder narrowing it down (。-＿-。)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You think so too? I'm in the same boat~.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Still, I'm really excited about performing with everyone! It's the first time all thirty-five of us will be on the same stage together!
RinRin (Rinko): It feels like a raid =≡Σ((( つ•̀ω•́)つ
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yeah! In that case, I'll give everyone tons of buffs with my drums!
RinRin (Rinko): Fufu, good idea. Pump everyone up with your buffs, Ako-chan (｀･ω･´)ゞ
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Leave it to me! Fufufu~! I, the great demon princess Ako, will lead you all to a sumptuous feast!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ngh~, I bet it's gonna be the coolest concert ever! Are you excited, Rin-rin?
RinRin (Rinko): Yes. Let's do our best, Ako-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: I'm home...
Sayo: Welcome back. You're late today.
Hina: Yeah, I'm beat. Help me feel better, Sis♪
Sayo: Don't cling to me so tightly.
Hina: Can you blame me? I had three different jobs today. I'm so worn out, I could fall asleep any second.
Sayo: Well, your agency had to rearrange your schedule so that you could take part in the event, right? You should be grateful.
Hina: Yeahhh, I know... Yawn.
Sayo: If you're sleepy, take a bath and go to bed.
Hina: Nah, I'm fine~... I wanna chat with you some more, Sis.
Sayo: Hina...
Hina: I mean, Roselia's been really busy too. I've hardly been able to see you lately...
Sayo: That's true. Our schedule is packed with recordings and shows as well.
Sayo: Harumi-san arranged everything so that we could participate in the CiRCLE event. I must show her my gratitude.
Sayo: Speaking of which, I was told we need to submit the lyric ideas by tomorrow...
Sayo: Hina, would you like to work on them together? I know you're short on time too so...
Hina: ...
Sayo: Hina?
Hina: ... Zzz... Zzz... Zzz.
Sayo: I knew this would happen...Oh well. Hmm, where's that blanket...?
Hina: Mmm... I love you, Sis...
Sayo: Good night, Hina.
(White cut)
