event180-05 Chapter 4: Lyrics Are a Breeze?

Toko tells the girls at the atelier that she's already come up with lyrics...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Rui: Have you all thought of your lyric ideas yet? The deadline is today.
Toko: Oh, that thing? It was a piece of cake. My songwriting senses were on fire.
Nanami: Whoa~. Toko-chan, you're brimming with confidence~.
Rui: So what did you come up with?
Toko: Thanks for coming to my event! Made for me, by me~...! Something like that!
Rui: Denied.
Toko: Huh?! Why?!
Rui: You have misunderstood the concept of the event. Those lyrics do not meet the requirements.
Nanami: Hmm~, they do kind of miss the mark~.
Toko: Urgh, so I need to start over~? Oh well, never mind. Fusuke said whatever's fine if it's "appropriate."
Rui: Kirigaya-san, perhaps you should look up the meaning of "appropriate" in the dictionary.
Rui: The definition of "appropriate" is suitable or proper for the circumstance, not "whatever."
Nanami: I think what Tsu-chan meant was it's fine to put whatever it is you're feeling right now into words~.
Toko: Ah, then I've got just the thing. "Rui, you're too hard-headed."
Rui: ... Very well. Then I shall send that to-
Toko: I'm kidding! It's obviously a joke! See? This is exactly what I'm talking about!
Nanami: Ahaha~. Hey, how about the three of us come up with something together~?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Well? Are the lyric ideas coming together?
Himari: We have to send them to CHU²-chan by today, so we need to knuckle down now~!
Tomoe: I know, I know. But writing lyrics ain't easy~.
Tsugumi: Not to mention, we have the stall to think about.
Himari: Yeah~. What kind of stall did you have in mind, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Well, nothing beats... goldfish scooping!
Tomoe: It's been a while since I got to show off my scooping skills!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I forgot you're good at that game... But it's our job to run the stall, so I don't think we'll be the ones playing.
Tomoe: Ah, right. Hmm, that changes things.
Himari: Exactly. We're the hosts, remember? You're way too focused on enjoying yourself, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Well, what kinda stall do you wanna do then, Himari?
Himari: I've got my heart set on a crepe shop♪ Crepes at festivals always taste extra yummy.
Tomoe: Hey, you're way too focused on stuffing your face!
Himari: Th-that's not true! Everyone enjoys sweet treats like crepes!
Tsugumi: It is true that crepes are popular.
Tsugumi: They're quite difficult to make, though... It takes a lot of practice to cook the batter that thin.
Tomoe: Ah, then how about okonomiyaki?!
Himari: That's not sweet at all!
Tomoe: I can show you guys my flipping skills I perfected at the tanuki restaurant!
Himari: Why are you so obsessed with flaunting your "skills"?
Tsugumi: Ah, then how about... pancakes?
Himari & Tomoe: Pancakes?
Tsugumi: Pancakes aren't as challenging to cook as crepes, and you can still put on a show, Tomoe-chan.
Himari & Tomoe: Tsugu... You're a genius!
Tomoe: Then it's decided!
Himari: We can add ice cream and whipped cream as toppings!
Tomoe: Nice! Fruit would be good too.
Himari: Yay~, I love that idea! I want raspberries and bananas!
Himari: What an amazing idea, Tsugu~! Let's discuss it with Ran and Moca tomorrow!
Tsugumi: Fufufu, I simply put together all of your ideas. It was all you two.
Himari: Aww~, Tsugu, you're too kind~.
Tsugumi: Well then, let's keep this momentum going and work on those lyrics.
Himari: Alrighty, let's create something mind-blowing~!
Tomoe & Tsugumi: Yeah! Okay!
(Black cut)
