event180-02 Chapter 1: What We Each Want to Do

Having heard CHU²'s music, the girls start thinking of ideas for the lyrics.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba, Rei Wakana)

[Park]

Tae: Have you listened to the piece of music for the thirty-five-person concert yet?
LAYER (Rei): Of course. CHU² is a person of many talents. It's impressive.
Tae: Yeah, I love CHU²'s music.
LAYER (Rei): I have band practice after this, so I'll let her know you said that. I'm sure she'll be happy.
Tae: You sure about that? She'll probably say, "stop stating the obvious," or something.
LAYER (Rei): Well, that's just how she expresses joy. Fufufu.
Tae: Ah, by the way, have you thought of any lyric ideas yet, Rei?
Tae: If not, wanna work on them together?
LAYER (Rei): Oh, are you sure? If you're okay with it,  I'd love to. The deadline is tomorrow, right...?
LAYER (Rei): I'd like to send them in today if possible... Let's give it our best shot.
Tae: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Mashiro: Sigh~, I feel kind of nervous...
Tsukushi: Huh? Nervous? About what?
Mashiro: The event at CiRCLE~. Aren't you nervous about it, Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: Wha-? You're getting nervous already?! But it's ages away.
Mashiro: Well... you know how CHU²-san sent us the music for the concert the other day?
Mashiro: I listened to it to think of some lyrics, but then I felt like I was performing, so now I have butterflies in my stomach...
Tsukushi: I get how you feel, but you're going to have a hard time if you're nervous already.
Mashiro: Ngh... Good point...
Tsukushi: Ah, that's right! I was thinking about this earlier, but... why don't we do something on the day of the concert?
Mashiro: Like what?
Tsukushi: I think they're called stalls! Remember the ones we did at the event Toko-chan organized? Something like that.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai and the others mentioned they're running stalls too, so it could be good to make the most of this opportunity and challenge ourselves.
Mashiro: I'd like to but-
Tsukushi: No "buts"! If you want to do something, just do it!
Tsukushi: ... That's what Toko-chan would say. Fufufu.
Mashiro: You're right. Okay, let's bring it up to the others.
Tsukushi: Great!
Tsukushi: That said, I never would've predicted we'd be able to perform together with the other bands.
Mashiro: Yeah... I came close to quitting this band so many times. I'm really glad I didn't give up.
Tsukushi: I was thinking the same thing.
Mashiro: ... Hey, maybe this would work well as song lyrics.
Tsukushi: Good idea!
Mashiro: Umm, should we try and put our thoughts together...?
Tsukushi: Sure, hold on. Let me grab a notebook.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Dad! I'm gonna stick the poster up here, okay?
Kanon: Thank you for letting us stick posters outside your shop all the time, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Well, Dad and everybody downtown love Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Come on, I know some other shops that'll let us stick up posters. Let's go!
Kaoru: Fufu, and what a fleeting poster this is, I might add. It will surely entice many a customer.
Hagumi: I agree! After all, it's handmade by Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: The official poster will be released later, but it's always good to get the word out early.
Kanon: However, I'm a little worried our poster isn't clear enough...
Kaoru: Never fear, Kanon. This poster is bound to capture the hearts of all who gaze upon it.
Kaoru: It exhibits unbound and free-spirited brushstrokes by Kokoro, delightful illustrations of a bat and glove by Hagumi...
Kaoru: And a poem crafted by yours truly. Even without any event details, one can feel the joy and smiles of Hello, Happy World! from this poster. Ahh... How fleeting...!
Kanon: Is that really all you need on a poster...?
Kanon: I suppose it does have a fun air to it. At the very least, customers will feel excited.
Hagumi: Don't worry! They'll get it!
Hagumi: This poster we made together is my treasure! One more Hello, Happy World! thing to add to my collection!
Kanon: Fufu, I know that feeling. Ah, speaking of which, do you have any lyrics in mind yet?
Kaoru: Fufu, but of course. Needless to say, what I most want to convey is... the notion of fleetingness.
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah, fleetingness is important!
Kanon: That's true, but don't you think smiles are more our style?
Hagumi: You're a genius, Kano-chan-senpai! Hello, Happy World! is all about smiles!
Kaoru: Then what say we combine the two concepts to create "fleeting smiles"?
Hagumi: Whoa~, that's awesome! It's like a Hello, Happy World! combo meal!
Hagumi: Talking like this has made me realize there's lots of stuff I wanna say! Let's keep brainstorming together!
Kaoru & Kanon: Certainly. Okay!
(White cut)
