event180-03 Chapter 2: Into a Spectacular Event!

As Maya and the girls help with the event, something comes to their mind...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Maya: Let me place this cardboard down here... Done. Marina-san, is there anything else I can do?
Marina: Thank you, Maya-chan, but I'm okay for now. I appreciate you both lending a hand. I know you're busy lately.
Maya: No worries. We aren't able to offer you very much time to help with preparations, so we're happy to be here whenever we can spare a moment!
Eve: CiRCLE has always supported us. Please allow us to assist you in any way we can to make this a spectacular event.
Eve: Not to mention, I believe spending time at CiRCLE like this will spring forth ideas for our lyrics!
Maya: Huhehe, yeah, I'm sure something good will pop up!
Marina: Thirty-five people writing lyrics all together is quite the feat. I'm really looking forward to seeing how it turns out.
Maya: Speaking of which~, I've been wondering something. How do you plan on setting up the stage?
Maya: A stage that fits thirty-five people would have to be pretty huge...
Marina: Well, I have a small trick up my sleeve. I'm keeping it a secret for now. Fufu, please look forward to it.
Eve: Wow~, how exciting!
Maya: I'm used to doing that kind of work at the Theater Club, so let me know if there's anything I can help you with.
Marina: Sure! I'm counting on you.
Maya: Yes, let's make this an event to remember!
Eve: Ah! By the way, Marina-san, may I promote this on the radio?
Marina: Oh?! You'd do that?
Eve: Of course! I would like as many people as possible to watch this event! I wish to let the All Day＊Bushido listeners know about it!
Maya: I also want to write about it in my magazine column...
Marina: Whoa~! Are you two sure?! I feel a little guilty... You really don't have to do all that.
Eve: It would be our pleasure! I am simply doing what I can for CiRCLE.
Maya: Exactly. Besides, it would be a waste not to use our platforms to get the word out.
Marina: Thank you both... very much! In that case, yes, please.
Maya & Eve: Okay!
Marina: Fufu. Your circumstances have changed a lot since the first Girls Band Party you performed in.
Maya: Yes. It's not just our circumstances, though. Our state of mind has transformed as well.
Maya: Since joining Pastel＊Palettes, my self-confidence has grown considerably. Huhehe.
Eve: And I will continue to march forward with my bushido spirit!
Marina: Fufufu, your dedication to bushido is impressive, Eve-chan.
Maya: Yes. I guess you could say... change is important, but it's also important to stay the same.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Rimi: Hmm~, thinking up lyric ideas is quite the challenge.
Saya: The Yamabuki Bakery Express idea came together so easily...
Saya: Do you have any kind of image in mind, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: I feel like there are many things I want to say, but all my ideas are vague, so I'm having trouble expressing them.
Saya: I know exactly what you mean. Same here.
Rimi: Trying to come up with lyrics like this... makes me realize again how amazing Kasumi-chan is.
Saya: Yeah. Kasumi's lyrics always convey her feelings so clearly.
Rimi: Yes! I've always thought that too.
Rimi: We couldn't see our entire audience during the Rocking Star Festival, but it still felt like everyone understood our songs!
Saya: Well, considering we spend so much time with Kasumi, we're bound to come up with something great!
Rimi: You're right! After all, she influences us.
Rimi: ... Hey, Saya-chan.
Saya: Yeah?
Rimi: It's because of you that I now enjoy being influenced by others.
Rimi: I'm so happy you're our drummer, Saya-chan. Thank you for being by my side.
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Saya: Fufu, that goes for me too. Let's keep doing our best together as Poppin'Party's rhythm section.
Rimi: Yeah! Our next concert will feature thirty-five people. I can't wait to see how we'll be influenced by them!
Saya: Okay then, let's bounce some lyric ideas around!
Saya: Let's go, rhythm section~!
Rimi & Saya: Yeah!
(Black cut)
