event180-01 Opening: Rising Excitement

Kasumi and the girls want their song for the 35-person-show to be special...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kasumi: Hey, hey, Arisa! I just can't wait for the CiRCLE event~!
Arisa: Man, you've said that a billion times already. You mention it every single time we're on break.
Kasumi: Well~, that's 'cause my excitement won't stop building! Can you believe it's gonna be a thirty-five-person concert? Thirty-five people!
Misaki: Yo~. Haha, you're really pumped up, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Uh-huh! I'm looking forward to the stalls, and there'll be T-shirts and pamphlets too, right? There's so much to be excited about~!
Arisa: She's been like this ever since the event was announced...
Misaki: Classic Toyama-san. That said, Kokoro is the same. All she talks about every day is the thirty-five-person concert.
Kokoro: Misaki~! I thought of some fantabulous song lyrics!
Misaki: Do you have to barge into my classroom all the time...? Whatever. You were saying?
Kokoro: I came up with lyrics that'll make everybody smile! "Show your happy, beaming, smiley face. Laugh and grin from ear to ear." What do you think?
Misaki: Nope, that's too shallow... You're just telling people to keep smiling.
Kasumi: Hey, are you talking about the lyric ideas we need to send to CHU²-chan?
Kokoro: Yep, that's right!
Kasumi: So you and Misaki-chan are writing them together then. I'm actually working on mine with Arisa. Isn't that right, Arisa~?
Arisa: It just happened to work out that way...
Misaki: Well, you heard how our lyrics are coming along. What are yours about?
Kasumi: They're gonna be sparkling and heart-pounding!
Arisa: I think that goes without saying.
Misaki: Fufu, you're nothing if not consistent, Toyama-san. That goes for Kokoro too.
Kasumi: But coming up with lyric ideas together as a group is an amazing idea, don't you think~?
Misaki: Well, I think CHU² is the amazing one for putting it all together. It's hard enough organizing our own lyrics, but thirty-five people's worth...? My head would spin.
Arisa: You say that, but I know deep down you enjoy it.
Misaki: Well... I can't exactly deny that.
Kasumi: Have you listened to the melody yet?
Misaki: Yeah. CHU² came up with that too, right? She really can do anything~. I wish she'd join Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: Michelle and CHU² as double DJs is a fantast-errific idea! Let's go and ask CHU² right away!
Misaki: No, I was kidding! It's just a joke! Besides, she's probably swamped with work right now.
Kokoro: She is?
Misaki: Mhm. So let's stick to coming up with lyrics, okay?
Kokoro: Okay! I was actually thinking the same thing! How about something like this? Lala~lalala~♪
Arisa: She's drawing something on the blackboard... What is that? Some kind of abstract art?
Misaki: Umm, those are lyrics... I guess it's also weird how I can understand them...
Kasumi: Fufu, I can't wait to hear how your lyrics turn out~!
Kasumi: I wonder what kind of lyrics everyone else is writing. Hngh~! I'm getting more excited by the minute!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama~, good morning! Wake up~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yawn~... What do you want, PAREO? I was having such a good sleep.
PAREO (Reona): Will you write lyrics with me?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh?! I've had my hands full composing the music up until yesterday. Do it yourself, PAREO.
PAREO (Reona): Do not be like that. Please~! A special occasion such as this calls for a joint effort!
CHU² (Chiyu): Quit talking nonsense!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~. Even so, I never thought I'd end up taking part in an event with other bands...
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I am over the moon too! It feels like we have more friends now♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Don't get it twisted! That's not what I meant!
PAREO (Reona): I know, I know♪
PAREO (Reona): I hope everyone likes the melody you composed, CHU²-sama.
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course they will. That's a given.
PAREO (Reona): Indeed♪ Let us think up some lyrics that elevate the instrumentals♪
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Fine. If I must...
CHU² (Chiyu): So? What did you have in mind?
PAREO (Reona): Umm... What do you think about this?
PAREO (Reona): "My soul, I dedicate it to you. For you, even if this life comes to an en-"
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop!
PAREO (Reona): What is it, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It's heavy.
PAREO (Reona): Oh?! I-is that so?
PAREO (Reona): However, these are my true feelings... I believe that you are my soulma-
CHU² (Chiyu): This is a girls band song! There's no way we can sing such heavy lyrics!
CHU² (Chiyu): There's plenty of other stuff we can write about. Like... meeting everyone and discovering new sides to ourselves. Something like that!
PAREO (Reona): I see~! So that's how you feel, CHU²-sama?!
CHU² (Chiyu): N-no! That was just an example!
PAREO (Reona): Still, I think that sounds excellent! Let us go with that!
CHU² (Chiyu): No, you've got it wrong! PAREO~!
(White cut)
