event178-05 Chapter 4: With Everything I've Got

The girls are confident of their performance, but Kana doesn't look satisfied.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: (... I did it. I was able to get out everything that I practiced until now...)
Maya: (I was able to play my absolute best...!)
Kana: ...
Maya: (H-huh...?)
Kana: I see...
Kana: Excuse me, I have something I'd like to discuss. Would you mind?
Staff: Sure, no problem... Well then, let's speak in a separate room. Girls, please continue practicing.
Eve: What could be wrong with Kana-san? She said that she had something she wanted to talk about...
Hina: I dunno... Wasn't she kinda frowny?
Aya: Do you think she wasn't satisfied with our performance...?
Maya: I don't know, but... she is someone that strongly fixates on sound.
Maya: ...
Chisato: ... There is no point in speculating. Let's do as we were told and continue practicing.
Aya: Right...
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Eve & Aya: ...
Maya: Eve-san, Aya-san. Are the two of you okay...?
Eve: Ah... I-I am sorry. I was in a daze even though we were practicing...
Hina: Well, I don't blame you. It is worrying, after all.
Aya: That staff member is late coming back though. I wonder if they're still talking with Kana-san...
Staff: ... Everyone, could we have a bit of your time?
Eve: They're back! With Kana-san as well...
Kana: I'm sorry. There's something I'd like to discuss with all of you.
Chisato: ... What is it?
Kana: Would you allow me to swap the song I provided you for another one?
Maya: Swap...?
Chisato: For what reason?
Kana: It's because your performance was just...
Kana: Just so good.
Aya: Huh...?!
Kana: ...? What's the matter?
Chisato: You were frowning before, so we all became worried.
Kana: Huh? You did? I'm sorry. I was thinking to myself, so I might've seemed upset.
Kana: It was a truly lovely performance. Particularly yours, Maya-chan. That rimshot before the chorus was wonderful. I think I would have done it in the exact same way.
Maya: ...!
Kana: Now I want to see how all of you would perform that one song.
Hina: What song?
Kana: This was my first time providing a song for someone else, so I made a few candidate songs. Among them, there is one that I consider to represent me the most.
Staff: I sent the song score to your smartphones a few moments ago, so please give it a look.
Hina: Ah, you did too! I've got it.
Kana: I would like to hear you girls play that song. Would you allow me this one indulgence?
Maya: ...!
Maya: (Th-this is...)
Kana: I leave the decision to all of you. Please let me know what you think.
Hina: Ooh. This song has a really fast tempo. This is totally like something Clang would play!
Chisato: It's aggressive... or rather, it has continually bombarding phrases.
Aya: This part right here seems like it would be hard for me to maintain the rhythm... But it would definitely feel great if I was able to sing it to the end!
Eve: I can feel the passion that Kana-san put into this score! It is amazing...!
Maya: (It's so similar to the first Clang song I heard...)
Maya: ... It's so cool...
Hina: Mm~, this is great! I think I love this song!
Eve: So do I! If we played this song, it would make for a great concert!
Aya: Mhm! This song certainly does have a different feel to the ones we've played before, so we might be able to show our fans a new side of Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: But if we consider the fact that there isn't much time until the concert, it will be fairly hard to perfect this song.
Chisato: However... Maya-chan, don't you have something you'd like to say?
Maya: I...
Maya: I... I want to play it. I want to perform this song!
Maya: I know that our schedule is tight. As a professional, this might even be the wrong choice.
Maya: But I still want to play it!
Maya: Because... I want to show it to Kana-san...!
Maya: I want to show her everything that I have... I want to live up to her hopes when she said she wants us to play this song...
Eve: Maya-san... Okay, let's do it!
Eve: We have accepted your sentiment! The unwavering belief of one is shared by all!
Eve: This is a battle that Pastel＊Palettes must face!
Maya: Eve-san...
Hina: Ahaha, you're so passionate! I'm obviously okay with it! I'm feeling kinda fired up!
Aya: Yeah, let's do it! If it seems like we might not make it in time, we just have to make sure we do!
Chisato: Then it's decided. Excuse me, but could you contact Kana-san and tell her that we accept her proposal?
Chisato: However, just to be sure, we would like another opportunity for her to judge whether we have reached a level high enough to perform it at a concert.
Staff: Understood. I will discuss that with her.
Maya: Everyone, thank you so much...! Let's pull this off no matter what!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
