event178-06 Chapter 5: Our Thoughts Are One

Maya and the girls begin furiously practicing their new song to make it theirs.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Stop! Everyone, please stop playing!
Maya: Our overall rhythm is falling apart as we get into the latter half of the chorus. Let's make sure we really listen to each other's parts!
Eve: Okay! I will be more aware of everyone's sounds.
Maya: The most important thing about this song is its fast pace.
Maya: As the song progresses, its heat builds, and that heat is released all at once in the chorus.
Maya: We have to connect the phrases so that sound calls forth the next one... Let's do all that we can to enhance our performance to that point!
Chisato: Understood. But first I need to do something to prevent my fingers from getting all tangled up...
Maya: It's okay! Let's get used to the speed gradually. And to do that, we just have to practice it repeatedly!
Eve: Just as I thought, all roads lead back to bushido. Let's proceed steadily, one step at a time while keeping a slow and steady mindset!
Chisato: Right. If I have time to whine, then it would be more constructive to practice.
Hina: Ohh. Everyone's kinda fired up.
Aya: Yeah. We seem to be affected by Maya-chan's passion.
Hina: I love seeing her eyes sparkle. It really puts me in a "Let's do this~" sorta mood.
Aya: I know what you mean! It makes me feel like I can't afford to lose out either. Okay, time to do my best~.
Maya: Now then, let's try going through it from the top once more! Here we go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Break]

Aya: I-I'm so tired~. I'm completely exhausted~.
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan... Come on, get up. If you don't wipe off your sweat, you'll catch a cold.
Hina: But we really have been practicing this whole time. I totally get why you'd sprawl out like that.
Maya: That's because it's such a vigorous melody. I imagine I'll be able to sleep soundly tonight.
Eve: But I get the feeling that we definitely improved during our practice today! At this pace, we are sure to succeed...!
Chisato: Yes. Let's clear one challenge at a time.
Aya: Ah, by the way, Chisato-chan, Hina-chan. Are you okay on time? You have an interview assignment after this, right?
Chisato: Yes... Considering our travel time, we should be going soon.
Chisato: ... I'm worried that the fatigue from practice might catch up to me during the shoot.
Hina: Ahaha! Chisato-chan, are you tired after all of that too?
Chisato: I'm fine. I'll make sure not to let it affect our assignment.
Chisato: Well then, the two of us should get going. I'm sorry we're not able to stay with you until the end of practice.
Maya: Please don't worry about it. Chisato-san, Hina-san, please do your best on your assignment!
Maya: Now then, why don't we use the remaining time to get the three of us as in sync as we can?
Eve & Aya: Yes! Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Eve: Do you suppose Chisato-san and Hina-san are about finished with their assignment?
Aya: There was a message saying "On break now" in our group chat just a minute ago!
Eve: You are right! It says "Thanks to that flare-up in practice, Chisato-chan and I are on a roll!"
Maya: I see... Today's practice was tough, so I was a bit worried about them, but judging by that, they seem to be fine.
Eve: That is our Chisato-san and Hina-san!
Maya: ... Um. You guys, once again, thank you very much.
Maya: I believe that changing the song just before our concert is quite the burden. But despite that, you all allowed my selfishness, and that made me really happy.
Aya: We didn't think it was selfish at all. We all wanted to try that song too.
Aya: Plus, I totally understand how you feel.
Aya: Every time I get up on stage, I always think that I want to show Ayumi-san the current me.
Aya: That's why I also want you to show Kana-san the current you.
Eve: Yes! Please show her your passion!
Eve: I am glad that I can be helpful to you! You have always thought of us and helped support us.
Eve: Now it is our turn! We will support you. I am certain that everyone in Pastel＊Palettes feels the same way!
Maya: Eve-san... Aya-san...
Aya: Ah, there's a message from Chisato-chan.
Aya: Umm... She says, "I spoke with Hina-chan and the staff and was able to secure us a bit more practice time together. It will be late tomorrow, but what do you think?"
Eve: Fufu. As I thought, we all feel the same way!
Maya: ... I won't let the support you're giving me go to waste...
Maya: I'll show my all to Kana-san... I promise!
Eve: Let's do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
