event178-03 Chapter 2: That Impressive Music

While together with Eve, Maya recalls the first time she heard Mitt Clang.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Sigh~. I'm so tired~. I need water~.
Maya: Yeah, really. I feel like this is the first time in a while I've played the drums for this long.
Chisato: It was already dark out by the time I realized it. If Hina-chan hadn't said anything, I imagine we would have kept going.
Eve: We cannot help it. It is just so much fun practicing together!
Maya: Well then, we can't do anything that will disrupt our assignments tomorrow, so why don't we end things here for today?
Hina: Hey, Chisato-chan. What time is our magazine shoot tomorrow?
Chisato: Oh, Hina-chan. We're meeting at the station entrance at eight o'clock, remember?
Hina: Oh yeah, that's right. Thanks!
Aya: So the two of you have an assignment together tomorrow? That must be nice~.
Aya: I'm on my own tomorrow, so I'm jealous. Sigh, I'll be so lonely...
Chisato: Aya-chan? Assignments aren't for playing. I don't approve of letting your mood change based on whether you're with someone else.
Aya: Urk... I-I'm sorry.
Maya: Ahaha... I know how you feel though. Being with someone certainly does feel reassuring.
Maya: That's exactly why I want to treasure times like today when we can all meet up together.
Eve: Yes!
Hina: Well then, we'll be heading out first. Bye-bye!
Aya: I have to read through the script for tomorrow's on-location shoot one more time. Maya-chan, Eve-chan, see you later!
Eve: See you again! Maya-san, will you be leaving as well?
Maya: No, I think I'll stay for a little bit longer. I want to analyze the new song.
Eve: ...? Even though we all did that together previously?
Maya: There's something I realized as we were practicing... It felt like we could improve how we perform a little bit more.
Maya: I'll do my best~.
Eve: Fufu... Maya-san, you really do love this song.
Eve: I am kind of relieved. You see, when we first checked the score for the new song, you were acting strange.
Maya: I... was?
Eve: That was how you seemed at first, but it was just my imagination.
Eve: After watching you today, I am sure of it!
Maya: I see...
Eve: Maya-san?
Maya: ... No. Actually, it's just as you said. When I first saw the score, I honestly had mixed feelings.
Eve: Huh?
Maya: I can still remember the first time I heard a Clang song.
Maya: It was just so cool, and the drumming in it was very impressive...
Maya: My heart was racing the entire time, right until the performance ended.
Maya: I thought that I... would be able to play that kind of music.
Eve: ...
Maya: But the song given to us was different than what I'd imagined.
Maya: I tried not to let it show, but... it seems like I'm not very good at that sort of thing.
Eve: So that is what you were thinking...
Eve: Maya-san, uh... are you enjoying yourself right now...?
Maya: Of course I am! It may have been different than what I imagined, but I very much like this song.
Maya: We all said this during practice, but this song would be complete even if we played it simply.
Maya: That's because there are a lot of easy-to-understand phrases. But the more particular we are about it, the more our efforts will be reflected in the song.
Maya: It truly is worth playing. Kana-san really is amazing for making a song like this!
Maya: Eve-san, let's make sure we play this song well!
Eve: Yes! We are sure to see it through!
Maya: I'm counting on it. Now then, I'll get started right away.
Eve: I will assist you!
Maya: Ohh, you mean it?! You're a lifesaver!
Staff: Ah, thank goodness. Maya-san, Eve-san, the both of you are still here!
Maya: Good evening! Is there something you need from us?
Staff: Yes. There's actually something I wanted to discuss with you...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
