event178-02 Chapter 1: Maya's Special Lecture

As they practice their new song for the show, Maya provides her usual advice.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[One Week Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: ... Ohh. Hey! Wasn't that pretty good for our first time playing the new song together?
Eve: Yes! I think Aya-san's singing voice and our sounds harmonized very well!
Chisato: This past week I've only been able to practice on my own due to my assignments, so I'm relieved it went so well.
Aya: I had fun singing it~. Maya-chan, were there any spots that caught your attention?
Maya: Let me think... As you all said, I think we were able to depict the refreshingly cute worldview this new song has.
Maya: But I think there are still some areas where we can improve.
Maya: For example... Hina-san. You really took a liking to the chorus phrase, right?
Hina: Yeah! It has a bouncing rhythm that's just so fun!
Maya: Your sound conveyed how you felt. It had an energetic feeling that was very wonderful.
Maya: However, the lead-in to the chorus felt like it was cutting in a bit.
Maya: The song's worldview gradually opens up from that point, so that's where we'll all want to be in perfect unison.
Hina: I see. Gotcha! I'll try listening to everyone's sound a bit more.
Maya: Aya-san, please do the same as Hina-san and be careful of the chorus lead-in.
Maya: I think it would be great if you sang quite gracefully and then, in the second half, let everything you stored up explode out all at once!
Aya: Got it! I'll try it that way.
Eve: Maya-san, please give me some instruction as well!
Chisato: Could I also ask for some?
Maya: Sure! Well then, I'll start with Chisato-san. You were playing a bit too carefully and there were some spots where your sound didn't reverberate, so...
(Black cut)
Maya: ... So, Eve-san, please try being more aware of the rhythm after this key change in particular.
Eve: I see... Thank you very much! I will strive to do better!
Hina: Maya-chan's special lectures really are great~! Makes it feel like the show's getting closer.
Maya: Lectures is... a bit of an exaggeration~. I'm just telling you all about the parts that caught my attention...
Chisato: But it's thanks to your precise advice that we always benefit so much.
Chisato: I believe we can afford to refer to such advice as lectures.
Maya: Chisato-san, even you're saying that...? Ohh, please don't tease me.
Aya: Fufu... But at this rate, we should be ready in time for the concert.
Chisato: Yes. I wonder if it's because of the song's simple structure. It feels as though we easily tapped into it.
Chisato: However, because of that, the way we deal with the music will be clearly reflected in our performance, so we need to be careful.
Eve: That is similar to practice-swinging in kendo. You cannot just fix your form. You also have to think about the meaning behind swinging a bamboo sword.
Hina: Well, we'll be fine if we practice like we normally do. By the way, were you guys kinda surprised when you first saw the song?
Aya: What do you mean...?
Hina: I mean, Clang has various genres of songs, but for the most part, a lot of them have a fast tempo, right?
Hina: So I was thinking the new song was gonna be like that too, but it's totally different.
Maya: I'm sure Kana-san matched it to us.
Maya: The most important thing for idol songs is that the singing stands out. I imagine she took that into account for us.
Aya: I think I know what you mean. When I first looked at the score, I was able to picture myself singing it at a concert.
Aya: I don't know how to put it, but... the melody is really catchy, so I feel like it will be easy for our fans to remember too.
Eve: I think so too! It felt like an orthodox idol song truly suited to Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: Aya-san's singing, our playing, and the cheers of the audience...
Eve: I want to watch from the stage as everyone at the venue comes together as one right away.
Hina: Ahaha, you said it! And I can't wait to see Maya-chan do that thing.
Hina: You know, how she ad-libs some da-da-dahs throughout the song! It's so boppin'♪
Aya: Mhm! I especially like the one right before the chorus. It felt like she was saying, "Here we go!"
Aya: Thanks to that sound, it felt so good going into the chorus.
Chisato: Yes, I felt motivated as well.
Eve: I believe that is called a rimshot! I feel like Maya-san uses it normally and not just for this song.
Maya: That's... due to Kana-san's influence. After listening to Clang's songs so many times, it happened naturally.
Maya: The rimshot itself is used normally by drummers, but Kana-san is the type to put them in specifically.
Hina: Now that you mention it... I feel like Clang's songs have a lot of those da-da-dahs in them!
Maya: I first started using them by watching her, but as I kept playing, I gradually started understanding why she put rimshots in specific places.
Maya: Sometimes it's to tighten up a song's mood, and other times it's to give a song momentum. Once I understood that, using rimshots became fun.
Eve: In other words, you synchronized with how Kana-san felt!
Maya: I don't know if I did that, but... I was relieved.
Maya: The pre-chorus rimshot in particular was because I thought that Kana-san would definitely put one there if it was her.
Maya: So I gave it a try, and judging by all of your reactions, it seems like I made the right decision.
Chisato: Maya-chan, you really do respect Kana-san.
Maya: Huhehe... Still, there's no point in just imitating her and the others.
Maya: We have to understand the song's worldview and the feelings she put into it, and make it so that we express our interpretation of that through our sound.
Eve: And to do that, we can only keep practicing!
Aya: Well then, how about we try playing it all the way through again?
Maya: Right. Let's begin!
