event178-01 Opening: My Inspiration

The band will be performing a new song. When Maya learns who it's by, she...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Hello, everyone! I'm sorry I'm late...
Hina: Ah, she's here! Yoo-hoo, Maya-chan.
Aya: Hey there, Maya-chan! We just got here ourselves.
Eve: How was your assignment? You had a magazine interview, right?
Maya: Doing interviews on my own still makes me so nervous.
Maya: But the interviewer was kind, so I was able to enjoy myself.
Chisato: I'm glad to hear that. Now then, since we are all here, why don't we start the meeting?
Staff: Everyone, it's good to see you! Thank you all for coming today!
Hina: Thanks for calling us in. You said you had something you wanted to tell us, but what is it?
Staff: The thing is... your next concert has been decided!
Aya: ...! Really?!
Maya: That's great, Aya-san! This is the first concert we've had in a while!
Eve: I cannot wait! I am dying to meet our fans as soon as possible.
Hina: Ahaha, you're all so fired up. So, when are we performing?
Staff: Next month. And the venue will be... this place here!
Hina: Ooh, it's a pretty big one!
Chisato: If I'm not mistaken... we've performed at this venue before.
Maya: Right. It was a wonderful hall with attentive staff.
Staff: And there is one more thing I have to share. You're scheduled to debut a new song at this concert.
Aya: Wow...! It's our first concert in a while, and what's more, I get to sing a new song!
Staff: And believe it or not, that new song was provided by the one and only Kana-san from Mitt Clang!
Maya: Huh...? Kana-san from Mitt Clang...?
Hina: Ah, I've heard of them! They're a super famous band, right?
Chisato: Yes, they are popular among people of all ages. I believe their fans simply refer to them as Clang.
Aya: I've heard some of their songs too! Their recent album was really good.
Eve: Yes! It had a variety of songs from different genres and was very satisfying to listen to!
Aya: Mhm! Even though their melodies are mostly pop, they also have some jazz-style songs. They have a really broad range~.
Maya: That's right! Clang's appeal is in their highly-skilled performances!
Maya: They play various music genres perfectly with their overwhelming skills!
Maya: In particular, when it comes to playing energetic, fast-paced songs, they are in a league of their own!
Aya: I know what you mean~. The last song on their album was just so cool!
Maya: Also, Kana-san is extremely particular when it comes to sound.
Maya: There's even an anecdote about her discussing a single snare beat with the other members for an entire night.
Chisato: That certainly is amazing...
Maya: ... Gasp! That reminds me...
Maya: Isn't this the first time she's provided a song for another band or musician?
Staff: You are quite well-informed, Maya-san! That is correct!
Aya: We're the first ones...? Ngh, this is such an honor~!
Chisato: This does seem like it would be newsworthy. Which means we'll have to play it properly.
Eve: We have to make the concert a success! Let's set our sights on taking over the world!
Hina: I gotta say though, you're awfully knowledgeable about Kana-san, Maya-chan. Is she an acquaintance of yours?
Maya: No, she isn't, but...
Maya: Do you remember how I told you that there was someone who inspired me to start playing the drums?
Eve: I do! You said that you were moved when you heard that person play!
Maya: That's right. That drummer... is Kana-san.
Maya: I started the drums after seeing Clang's... Kana-san's performance.
Aya: Does that mean that the person who motivated you to be a drummer wrote our new song? That's amazing!
Maya: I was surprised too. I never would have imagined that Kana-san would provide us with a song...
Maya: She is an outstanding drummer. I still remember the awe I felt the first time I heard her perform.
Maya: That's why... I'm just... so happy...
Eve: Maya-san! I hope we can play the new song Kana-san wrote on stage soon!
Maya: Yeah...!
Hina: Then let's take a look at the score now! Heya, staff person. You've got it, right?
Staff: Here it is.
Hina: Thanks. Heheh, I wonder what it's like.
Maya: It's a song from Kana-san, so I'm sure it's-
Maya: (Huh? This song...)
Eve: Maya-san? Is something wrong?
Maya: Ah, no! It's nothing. More importantly, take a look at this score!
Maya: Just as I would expect for a song by Kana-san. It has a high degree of completion and...
Eve: ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
