event178-07 Ending: To Someday Resound

With another chance to perform before Kana, Maya gives it her all...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Kana: Hello~. Everyone, I'm looking forward to today.
Aya: Kana-san! We're pleased you could come!
Kana: Once again, thank you for allowing my indulgence.
Kana: I was thinking of asking how confident you're all feeling... but it would seem that that isn't necessary. I can tell just by looking at your faces.
Maya: We've done everything that we can...
Eve: All that is left is for us to show you our bushido!
Kana: Your bushido? Fufu, what an interesting thing to say. Well then, I suppose I can expect good things from what you'll play for me.
Maya: Yes!
Hina: Well then, should we get started?
Chisato: Everyone, are you ready?
Maya: Okay then, here we go~!
Maya: (I want to play the drums for this song... And the others supported my desire in doing so.)
Maya: (Even now, their sounds are backing me up. And that's exactly why I can play the drums with everything I've got!)
Maya: (The sound of my drums after she inspired me to start playing them, how I've developed since then... I want to convey all of that to her!)
Maya: (Kana-san, please listen. This is my sound. This is the music of Pastel＊Palettes...)
(White cut)
Maya: Huff... Huff... Huff...
Kana: That was amazing! It really was a wonderful performance.
Kana: My heart is still pounding... It's been so long since I've felt this way after hearing someone else's performance.
Kana: Thank you for playing the song I created in such a cool way. Each and every one of your sounds... they all reached me.
Maya: (... Ahh...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: U-um... Kana-san, I started playing the drums after seeing you perform! You were so very cool!
Maya: I want to be able to play like you someday!
Kana: Thanks. I'll be looking forward to it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: We did it, Maya-san! ... Maya-san?
Maya: ... Sob...
Kana: Huh?! What's wrong?
Aya: ...! M-Maya-chan~...
Maya: I-I wanted to play this song no matter what...
Maya: You are the one who inspired me... I've chased after you for so long because I wanted to drum like you...
Maya: That's why... I'm so glad... that my... our music reached you...
Kana: ... Maya-chan. You didn't wear glasses back then, did you?
Maya: Huh?
Kana: One time long ago, we were doing a signing event after a concert. It was there that a certain girl told me something.
Kana: She said that I was the reason she started playing the drums, and that she wanted to play just like me.
Maya: ... Kana-san...
Kana: That was the first time anyone had ever said something like that, so it became such a great encouragement. So you were the girl from back then.
Kana: Fufufu. Maya-chan, you've become such a wonderful drummer.
Maya: Sob~.
(White cut)
Maya: ... N-no, I haven't yet. The more I play the drums, the more deeply I feel how amazing you are.
Maya: But... someday I'll get there.
Maya: That's why I'll practice even more. So that I can make that rimshot resound on the stage.
Kana: Alright, I'll be looking forward to that day then.
Maya: Please do.
(White cut)
Chisato: That's wonderful, Maya-chan.
Hina: Mm! That was so boppin'♪ You're so cool when you're fired up, and when you're emotional.
Maya: Huhehe... I'm so embarrassed.
Eve: You should not be! Those were very wonderful tears!
Aya: Ngh. Maya-chan, congratulations~.
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan. Are you crying again?
Maya: I was able to do my absolute best. That was thanks to all of you accepting my selfishness.
Maya: During the performance, you were all by my side... Being able to feel that was... How should I put it...?
Maya: It was just the best!
Maya: It looks like I've fallen in love with the drums all over again.
Eve: I am so glad that we could support you! The sight of you carrying out your conviction was truly worthy of bushido!
Hina: Hey, is anyone else hungry? Let's end practice here for today and go out for something to eat!
Aya: Agreed~! I actually made a note of a place that I wanted to go to with all of you~.
Chisato: Come on, you two. The concert isn't over yet, remember?
Hina: Oh come on, it'll be fine just for today! It's to commemorate Kana-san giving us the okay. Right, Maya-chan?
Maya: Right... It's been a while, so I'd also like to chat leisurely with all of you.
Chisato: Oh dear... You all are hopeless.
Eve: Well then, let's go right away! Come on, Maya-san...!
Maya: Wh-whoa...! Eve-san, please don't push me~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
