event178-04 Chapter 3: I Want to Perform Well!

Kana, the drummer Maya adores, will be coming to see the girls practice.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Huh?! Kana-san's coming to watch us practice next week~?!
Maya: Apparently, she was the one who requested it... Yesterday one of the staff talked to us about it.
Chisato: There are times when the people that provide us with songs will come to observe us, but it is rare for it to happen this quickly.
Maya: This is the first time that she's provided someone with a song, so it sounds like she is curious to know if things are okay.
Hina: Huh. She'll calm down once she hears us perform though, right?
Eve: Yes! And for that to happen, we should give our all when we practice on that day!
Aya: Yeah! Okay, let's do this~.
Chisato: In that case, why don't we go over our schedules again?
Chisato: If we have more days that we can all gather together, wouldn't that allow us to further improve our new song?
Hina: Good point! Um, for my schedule... Oh, I might be able to make some time after this assignment here.
Aya: Ah... I should be good for then too!
Eve: I have a magazine assignment, so I may be a little late, but I believe I will be able to join you!
Chisato: Maya-chan. Hopefully we'll be able to show Kana-san a good performance.
Maya: Right!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: The day has finally come... I wonder if Kana-san has already arrived.
Chisato: Aya-chan, calm down. You've been saying the same thing for a while now.
Eve: Aya-san, it is okay! We must be confident!
Aya: R-right. We've done everything we can this past week... Yeah.
Maya: ...
Hina: Maya-chan? Hey~.
Maya: Ah, I-I'm sorry. What is it?
Hina: Nah, it's nothing. I just thought you seemed nervous. Are you okay?
Maya: Ahaha... More or less. When I think about how we'll perform in front of Kana-san, I can't help it...
Maya: But I'm not just scared. There's also a part of me that's excited.
Maya: I feel like I want to perform right away, and yet I don't... I'm sorry. That doesn't make sense, does it?
Eve: In other words, you are trembling with excitement!
Maya: Ahaha, do you think so?
Staff: Hello, everyone.
???: Hello.
Maya: ...!
Kana: I'm Kana from Mitt Clang. Everyone, thank you for allowing me to come today.
Aya: W-we're Pastel＊Palettes! Thank you for coming to see us!
Maya, Eve, Hina & Chisato: Thank you very much!
Hina: Maya-chan, Maya-chan! It's the real Kana-san! Why don't you ask to shake her hand?
Maya: What~?! I-I couldn't do something that disrespectful.
Kana: If I remember correctly, you're Maya Yamato-chan, right? You're a fellow drummer, so I memorized your name right away.
Maya: Y-you memorized my name?! I-I-I-I-I'm honored...!
Aya: M-Maya-chan, calm down~.
Eve: Kana-san, Maya-san is one of your biggest fans!
Maya: Th-that's right! I've listened to your most recent album many times! That one song that starts with your drum solo was just so wonderful...!
Maya: I was able to immerse myself right from the first song, and it was as if that immediately brought about a sense of anticipation for the following songs! Not to mention-
Chisato: Maya-chan? Kana-san has come to see us despite having little time in her schedule.
Maya: Ah... I-I'm sorry! I got a little excited. Huhehe...
Kana: I'm so happy~. We don't have many fans that will give that kind of commentary, so I was surprised.
Kana: I'm looking forward to you surprising me during your performance today as well.
Maya: O-okay!
Staff: Now then, let's have Kana-san watch you perform.
Aya: Okay! Are you ready, everyone? Here we go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
