event28-01 Opening: The Storm of Dummies

Kanon is showing Misaki the wool felt she's making when suddenly Kokoro and the others appear.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: I'm sorry I asked you to meet me on such short notice, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Don't worry about it. Besides, we didn't have rehearsal today either, so it's no problem... You usually don't ask me to meet up though. Did something happen?
Kanon: Misaki-chan. Uhm, well... I wanted you to look at this...
Misaki: Ah, that's felt, isn't it? You've started felting?
Kanon: Mhm. You remember teaching me how to, right? So I thought I would start doing it on my own, and I gave it a try, but... I can't seem to get it right...
Misaki: Uhm, this is... a whale?
Kanon: I-it was supposed to be a dolphin at first, but... making the mouth pointed was really hard...
Misaki: Ah, the finer points like that aren't easy to pull off. If you start at the end of the mouth and put the needle through from the opposite direction... Look, just like this.
Kanon: Oh, I see. I just have to start from this side. I knew I didn't have enough experience... I'm not sure if I'll be able to finish it on my own...
Misaki: It's okay. Just do it a little bit at a time, and you'll be fine. And while you're doing it, you'll naturally start to feel at peace.
Kanon: I don't know. I am clumsy after all...
Kokoro: Hey, Kanon! What's wrong?! You look like you've got a piece of meat stuck between your back teeth!
Kanon: Ah, Kokoro-chan!
Misaki: Ah... Now for the exact opposite of peace...
Kokoro: Hey, Hagumi, Kaoru! Come! They were here, just like I thought!
Hagumi: That's Kokoron for you! She's always right!
Kaoru: So this is where you were, my little kittens. My goodness. You're like the personification of a balloon that's had its string snipped, floating away to parts unknown...
Misaki: And the gang's all here...
Kanon: ... Wh-what happened, Kokoro-chan? Were you looking for us?
Kokoro: Of course we were! I mean, we're about to do something fun! The more people the better! Isn't it obvious we'd be looking for you?!
Misaki: ... Huh? Something fun...? What would that be?
Kokoro: We're gonna start our search for that now!
Hagumi: Wah! Kokoron, I think that's a great idea! Looking for something fun... sounds fun~♪
Kaoru: Kokoro... Your penchant for exploration is simply astonishing.
Misaki: Sigh... The sudden appearance, the excited conversation... I have no idea what's going on...
Kokoro: Alrighty! Time for liftoff, everyone! Kanon, you can just forget about that piece of meat! You'll be able to get it out someday!
Kanon: Uh-uhm, Kokoro-chan... I don't actually have meat stuck between my teeth.
Kokoro: Okay, then what do you have stuck back there?
Misaki: There's nothing back there... Would you listen for just a sec'?
Kokoro: I'll listen! If Kanon is talking, I wanna hear everything she has to say! And while we're at it, I'd like to hear something fun! Okay, Kanon! A fun story! Take it away!
Kanon: W-well... I don't know if it's fun or not though... The other day, Misaki-chan taught me how to felt, so I started doing it on my own, but... I can't do it very well.
Kokoro: Awesome! You started doing something new! That's a really fun thing to hear about! Don't you agree, Hagumi?!
Hagumi: Mhm! Hearing that Kano-chan-senpai has started something new makes me feel happy too!
Kaoru: As the great bard says, "Action is eloquence"...
Misaki: A bit over the top there, no? All she did was make something from felt...
Hagumi: I wanna see! Show me what you made, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: Uh-uhm... This is... how it came out...
Kokoro: It's so cute! It's a caterpillar, right?! I can even imagine it moving!
Kanon: W-well... It's not a caterpillar... It was supposed to be a dolphin...
Kokoro: As long as you tried your best, it doesn't matter what it is! It's wonderful! I really like this dolphin!
Kokoro: Ah! I just thought of something super fun! We're gonna go see a real-life dolphin, right now!
Misaki: What?! How did we get to that?
Kokoro: It's simple! After seeing the dolphin Kanon made, now I want to see a real one! That's just how realistic this one looks!
Misaki: Sigh... Says the person who confused it for a caterpillar.
Hagumi: Wah~! That sounds like fun! I'll go, I'll go! You can definitely count me in~♪
Kaoru: Kokoro... You've baffled me once more. From whence are such fabulous ideas born?
Kokoro: Alrighty! Let's begin our adventure before this beautiful day ends! We only get to enjoy it once, you know!
Misaki: ... Sigh. I suppose there's no choice but to go at this point... Kanon-san, are you okay with this?
Kanon: ... M-mhm. All I have to do is follow along...
Kokoro: Fufufu! Then it's time to get to it! Let's go~!
