event28-07 Ending: Make the Penguin Smile

Kanon and the others get the penguin home, safe and sound, and Kanon realizes something important after hearing what Kokoro says.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium]

Kanon: That's so nice... Pen-chan looks relieved to be back with the others.
Attendant: Yep. Penguins normally live as colonies, so they couldn't live without being around each other.
Kanon: Whenever I get separated from everyone else, I start to become anxious as well, so I understand that feeling...
Misaki: You really are similar to that penguin. Like how you got lost and ended up near the bullet train, or like how you're not comfortable in public places.
Kanon: ... I actually started thinking the same thing myself.
Kanon: Alright, Pen-chan. We'll see you again sometime...
Penguin: Tweet.
Kanon: Ah, Pen-chan's walking this way...
Kid: Ah! Excuse me! Did Pen-chan come back?!
Attendant: Mhm! And you have these nice ladies to thank for it!
Kid: Yay~! Thank you~! Man, I was so worried~!
Kanon: Fufu, looks like Pen-chan is really popular...
Attendant: This little one was the only one born this year, so everyone likes to show a lot of love.
Kid: Welcome back, Pen-chan!
Penguin: Tweet!
Misaki: Feel's like Pen-chan is being extra nice...
Attendant: Pen-chan... Could it be?! You're not scared of humans anymore!
Kanon: Huh...?
Attendant: Up until now, this penguin would always tremble in fear when hearing human voices. But now everything seems fine, right...?
Misaki: Yeah... In fact, that looked like a response if you ask me...
Attendant: Didn't it?! I bet... this is thanks to you girls!
Kanon: U-us...?
Attendant: After seeing you play the role of protector, Pen-chan might have lost that fear.
Attendant: I've even tried to get rid of that fear myself, but my tests always ended in failure.
Kanon: Oh, I-I see...
Attendant: Pen-chan must have understood your kindness as well. I know it's weird for the attendant to say this, but... thanks for your help!
Kokoro: Awesome, Kanon!
Kanon: K-kokoro-chan?!
Hagumi: And Hagumi~!
Kaoru: Fufu. Were you lonely without me, my little kittens?
Misaki: Wah, the troublesome trio is back...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, Hagumi-chan, Kaoru-san... Thank you for your help earlier... If it weren't for you three, I wouldn't have been able to get Pen-chan back here...
Kokoro: Actually, we're the ones who should be thanking you! Because of you, we were able to make lots of people smile!
Kokoro: Not to mention, you made that penguin smile, didn't you?! That's amazing!
Kanon: ... Made... the penguin smile?
Kokoro: That's right! If we're gonna make the world smile, of course we can't forget about penguins!
Kokoro: And in true Kanon fashion, you understood that from the very beginning!
Kanon: ... I see. You're right... I am a member of Hello, Happy World! too, after all.
Hagumi: Hey! Kano-chan-senpai! Look at all the faces of the people who were waiting for Pen-chan...
Hagumi: There are smiles on all of them!
Kanon: Y-yeah! There are!
Kokoro: Alrighty then! Now to make everyone smile, we're gonna have a performance, right now!
Hagumi: Wow wow! Kokoron, nice idea! Count Hagumi in~!
Kaoru: Kokoro... Your ideas know no bounds.
Attendant: Ah, h-hold on! You can't... have a performance here. You'll scare the penguins...
Penguin: Tweet tweet!
Kanon: ... M-misaki-chan. I'm really sorry I caused you so much trouble today.
Misaki: Kanon-san, you apologize way too much. I already told you, I don't feel like you caused any trouble at all.
Misaki: Still, you were pretty awesome.
Kanon: Th-that's not true! Even with how desperate as I was, look how things turned out...
Misaki: No no no. The moments where you were giving it your all? That's what was awesome.
Kanon: I guess I was kind of happy too. To think that even I could put a smile on someone's face... I think that might have given me a little more confidence...
Misaki: On top of that, we're talking about a penguin. I'm sure that can't be easy.
Kanon: Fufu. Pen-chan... I sure would love to hug you again.
Kanon: ... Ah, oh yeah!
Misaki: What's up?
Kanon: Felting! Maybe this time I'll try to make a felt penguin!
Kanon: I was together with one for the entire day. I don't think I'll have a problem with the finer details!
Misaki: Ah, that's a good idea.
Kanon: In that case, I'll want to buy new materials, but... is it this way?
Misaki: ... Other way.
Misaki: Haha... Why don't we all just go together?
Kanon: Okay!
Kanon: Bye-bye, Pen-chan...
(Black cut)
