event130-02 Chapter 1: Poppin'Party's Idea

The group gathers in the classroom to make the new Hanasakigawa pamphlet. They brainstorm ideas...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Kasumi: Let's see~. Today we're making the club introduction page♪ Fufu~♪
Kasumi: I kinda feel guilty for getting them to let me do something so fun.
Arisa: Are you kidding? You have to write a ton and prepare a lot of photos too, so I'm pretty sure it's gonna be a lot of work.
Kasumi: It's fine~. I can totally handle it♪
Tae: But Kasumi, you had a lot of trouble with the closing ceremony, didn't you?
Kasumi: That was in the past! I've grown since then!
Arisa: Where does all that confidence come from...?
Saya: Still, the pamphlets are going to be passed out to middle school students, so it's a pretty hefty responsibility.
Rimi: That's right. We have to make it so that when they look at the pamphlet, they will want to enroll at Hanasakigawa.
Saya: Plus, deciding which club you join is a pretty big deal for school life.
Arisa: I've been told that the school wants the introduction pages for the clubs and facilities to be made from the students' point of view as much as possible.
Saya: From the students' point of view... That might be more difficult than we expect. To begin with, none of us are in any clubs...
Tae: If I remember correctly, at the very start of her first year, Kasumi temporarily enrolled in a bunch of clubs. Maybe we could write something using her memories from back then.
Kasumi: That's it, O-Tae! The time has finally come for me to use my experience from back then.
Arisa: As if! You need to think this through more!
Saya: By the way, what did the previous pamphlets look like?
Arisa: Umm, up until now... they've looked like this. It looks like they sent out surveys for each club and then compiled them.
Saya: While I don't think this is bad, I'd like to make pages that only we can make.
Rimi: Yeah, I agree! After all, we said we wanted to do something different from the previous versions, so there's no point unless we use our own original idea.
Kasumi: Our own original idea, huh? Something original, original... Hm~... Arisa, have you thought of anything?
Arisa: You need to stick with it a little longer!
Tae: Ah, what about doing it like an interview?
Saya: Huh? An interview?
Tae: Remember when CiRCLE redesigned their website and we were interviewed by Marina-san? We could do something like that.
Kasumi: Whoa! That's a great idea, O-Tae!
Rimi: That would certainly be from the students' point of view, and I think we would be able to write in more detail than in a survey.
Saya: Right. And, more importantly, that interview from CiRCLE was really amazing to read. I think something similar would get middle school students interested too.
Kasumi: ... How about it, Arisa?
Arisa: Hold on, that was O-Tae's idea. Why are you asking me as if you came up with it?
Tae: I was looking at Kasumi's face when I thought of it.
Kasumi: O-Tae~. Did you hear that, Arisa~? O-Tae said she was looking at me when she thought of it.
Arisa: ... Jeez, you're so...
Saya: Fufufu, I don't think it matters who said it. Let's just say this was the entire band's idea.
Rimi: Right, I think so too!
Arisa: Don't you guys think you're pampering Kasumi a bit too much...?
Kasumi: Okay! Now that that's settled, let's get started and head out to interview all of the clubs!
Kasumi: Ah, Saya! Can you take care of the photos?
Saya: Yeah, of course. I thought things might turn out that way, so I brought a camera.
Arisa: Wait, before we start, it might be a good idea to clear things with the student council first. Let's drop by the student council room for a bit.
Saya: Ah, in that case, could you go on ahead? I'll catch up once I've got the camera prepped.
Kasumi: Yes, ma'am♪
Saya: Hmm, now then~...
Natsuki: Looks like you're up to something interesting.
Saya: Whoa, Natsu?! Were you listening?
Natsuki: I wasn't trying to, but you were all talking so excitedly, so it was kind of hard not to.
Saya: Yeah, I guess you're right... Fufufu.
Natsuki: So you're making a pamphlet, huh? Sounds like fun.
Saya: It was like there was a Kasumi motivation explosion, right?
Natsuki: It looked more like you were all bursting with motivation, not just Toyama-san. You seem pretty pumped too, Saya.
Saya: Could you tell...? That's because when all is said and done, I love Hanasakigawa.
Natsuki: Considering we've been enrolled since middle school, we have been here for pretty long.
Saya: Ah! Do you want to make the pamphlet with us?
Natsuki: Nah, if all of you are making it, it seems like it'll turn out pretty interesting. So I'll just look forward to seeing it.
Saya: Whoa, did you just raise the bar for us?
Natsuki: Of course not. I really meant it.
Natsuki: Let me know if there's anything I can help with. I love Hanasakigawa just as much as you do, after all.
Saya: Yeah, thanks... Ah, I got a message from Kasumi. Sorry, I'll see you later!
Natsuki: See ya. Good luck with making the pamphlet.
Saya: Yeah! Expect something good!
