event130-01 Opening: A Sparkling Leader

The group takes a break from practicing in Arisa's basement. The topic of conversation turns to school events...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: I brought some drinks. I'll leave them here on the table.
Kasumi: Thank you~! I'm totally parched! ... Ah~, that was so good!
Rimi: Huh? Kasumi-chan, did you already drink all of yours?
Kasumi: It's because I was singing so much. Arisa~, I need a refill!
Tae: Me too!
Arisa: H-hold on! Let me take a break!
Saya: We rehearsed for quite a while today. I'm definitely gonna be sore from this...
Arisa: Plus, I also had student council work, remember?
Saya: You said you were doing preparations for the school information session, right?
Arisa: Yeah. It's a lot harder than I imagined.
Rimi: School information sessions are those events where middle school students come to see the school, right?
Arisa: Yeah. The school officials want as many people as they can get to come, so they're putting a lot of effort into it.
Kasumi: Hey, I went to that when I was in middle school!
Tae: Wow~, so you came too.
Kasumi: That's because when I dropped by Aa-chan's culture festival, I got a notice for the information session!
Kasumi: All of the older students looked so shiny. What's it called when you've got a sparkle coming from your body...?
Tae: ... An aura?
Kasumi: Yeah! An aura! I thought high school students were so amazing.
Saya: Fufufu. Well then, I wonder if the middle school students will see us as having an aura.
Rimi: I feel like... Kasumi-chan has one.
Kasumi: Really~? Hey, Arisa... Can you see an aura around me?
Arisa: Nope!
Saya: That's pretty cool though. We never looked at Hanasakigawa like that.
Rimi: That's because we just moved up a grade from the middle school, so we didn't have information sessions.
Tae: What do you do at information sessions?
Arisa: Umm, first, we have students look at pamphlets in the gymnasium as they listen to a simple explanation of the school. After that, I think they can take a look around the campus.
Kasumi: I still have the pamphlet I got back then! It's tucked away in my drawer.
Tae: Oh~, I'd like to take a look at that.
Kasumi: Okay! I'll bring it with me next time.
Arisa: Wait, the pamphlets you're talking about are these ones, right? I just so happened to bring some home with me today...
Arisa: This one is from last year and this one is from two years ago. And I think these are the ones from before that.
Kasumi: Whoa! Yeah, this is it! Why do you have these, Arisa?!
Arisa: No big reason. The pamphlet was made the same way each time, but this year we decided to completely remake it.
Arisa: I'm supposed to take care of the introductions for the clubs and facilities...
Arisa: So I brought a couple home for reference.
Saya: Is it okay if we take a look at them? I had no idea there was a pamphlet like this.
Kasumi: Hey, look at this! It says Magic Club!
Arisa: Hey, you didn't wait until I said it was okay!
Rimi: Wow, there used to be a magic club.
Kasumi: I wonder why it's not around anymore.
Arisa: They probably couldn't find any members. Actually doing magic tricks seems like it would be pretty hard.
Kasumi: What are you talking about? I did magic tricks for the talent show, and it was really fun!
Tae: If the magic club was still around, you might be in that instead of the band, Kasumi.
Kasumi: That definitely wouldn't happen. Even if I was in the magic club, I'd still be in the band!
Saya: Fufufu, yeah, we know. Ah, is this the facility introduction page?
Rimi: It looks like it. Ah, the shelves in the library are arranged differently from what's shown in this picture.
Saya: Now that you mention it, you're right.
Tae: Huh...? Arisa, there's a big problem...
Arisa: What's wrong?
Tae: This pamphlet is missing the introduction for the rabbit hutch...
Arisa: Are you kidding? There's no way they'd introduce the rabbit hutch! Besides, that belongs to the middle school.
Tae: That doesn't make sense! It might belong to the middle school, but I visit a lot. If it were me, I would definitely list the rabbit hutch!
Arisa: Wh-what exactly do you have a problem with?
Saya: In that case, why not have Arisa put it in? You said you're in charge of that section, right, Arisa?
Arisa: W-well, yeah...
Kasumi: Ah, I just had a great idea!
Arisa: Here she goes! You're just gonna say, "Let's make it together!" ... Right?
Kasumi: Huh...? How'd you know...?
Arisa: It's obvious! I figured this would happen, so I already asked Rinko-senpai. She said it's okay for you to help out.
Saya: W-wow...
Arisa: We're together often, so obviously I would catch on to how she thinks.
Tae: Oh! In that case... Is it okay to list the rabbit hutch too?
Arisa: I didn't get permission for that!
Kasumi: Well, okay then! Let's make the best pamphlet ever!
All: Yeah!
