event130-07 Ending: Because We're Poppin'Party

The group is delighted at the finished pamphlets. On the cover is a photograph that Saya took.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Rimi & Saya: Excuse us.
Tae: Ah, Saya and Rimi are here too.
Saya: Fufu, sorry we're late. It's finally done, right?
Kasumi: Arisa, hurry up and show us!
Arisa: Come on, hold your horses! I'm getting it out now.
Arisa: Ta-dah! Here is the pamphlet for this year.
All: Oh~!
Rimi: It's finally finished...!
Arisa: Well, this is just a sample. That being said, we've pretty much settled on this.
Arisa: The number of pages went up quite a bit, so it took some time, but I think it's pretty high quality.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai saw the finished version and was really delighted too.
Saya: We have to thank Rinko-senpai. You said she helped you talk things over with the teachers.
Kasumi: Hey, isn't the cover picture one that Saya took?
Rimi: You're right. It's that picture we took of the school the morning we all woke up early.
Saya: It's a little embarrassing to have a picture I took be used like this.
Tae: Still, I think it's a really great picture. The school is all lit up by the morning sun. It's just so pretty.
Arisa: The student council's faculty advisor also praised it and said they wanted to use it next year too.
Kasumi: Can you see it? That one sparkling thing...
Tae: An aura?
Kasumi: Yeah, an aura!
Saya: I'm pretty sure that's an overstatement...
Kasumi: Ah, this picture from the roof is really good too! The area in the photo is the downtown area, right?
Saya: Oh, nice job noticing that. It's kind of like an ad, so I'm not sure if that's okay...
Arisa: I'm sure it's fine. There are some aspects of Hanasakigawa that seem to include the downtown area as well.
Saya: Fufu, I guess you're right.
Kasumi: Still, looking at this pamphlet, the students sure had a lot of things they wanted to recommend.
Saya: It's been a while since I first came to the school, but there were quite a few recommendations that I didn't know about.
Kasumi: Ah, I like this one! It says, "The school gate that leads to new encounters!"
Saya: ...
Kasumi: Reading this reminded me of when I first enrolled here! On the day of the entrance ceremony, didn't I bump into you at the school gate, Saya?
Saya: Ahaha... Yeah, you did.
Kasumi: This totally reminded me of that time!
Saya: Fufu, I hope the girls that enroll here also have an equally wonderful encounter.
Rimi: Yeah, then Hanasakigawa will become an even better place.
Saya: Then that mean students will recommend even more things about the school in the future... Right?
Kasumi: Whoa, that's right!
Tae: Ah, speaking of which, baby rabbits are going to be born next week! We have to introduce them to everyone too!
Kasumi: Arisa... The next time we make the pamphlet, we have to divide it into two volumes.
Rimi: Fufufu. When that happens, we will leave negotiating with the teachers to you, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: What?!
Saya: We're counting on you.
Arisa: No way, there's no chance! I'm telling you, splitting it into two volumes is impossible!
Arisa: You guys are way too greedy...
Saya: Hey, wanna go see all the recommendations listed in the pamphlet?
Kasumi: Whoa, Saya! Nice idea! Let's go!
Arisa: H-hey, quit pulling me!
Tae: Come on, let's go see the rabbit hutch first!
Saya: Hey, be careful~.
Rimi: Come with us, Saya-chan! I want to see this school gate that leads to new encounters.
Rimi: ... Seeing as you recommended it.
Saya: Huh...? You realized it was me?
Rimi: Yeah! Of course. After all, we are Poppin'Party. There's no way I would not know.
Saya: Fufufu... Yeah... I guess you're right...
Saya: Okay, let's go! Hey, Kasumi, Arisa, O-Tae! Wait up~!
(White cut)
