event130-06 Chapter 5: A Questionnaire

Saya asks Natsuki what she wrote in the survey, but Natsuki tells her it's a secret...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Natsuki: Ah, if it isn't Saya! Morning! I saw the survey box in the hall.
Saya: You did? Fufu, if you want, you can write something too!
Natsuki: Of course. I already put one in.
Saya: Thanks. So what was your recommendation?
Natsuki: That~... is a secret. If I told you, then what would be the point of an anonymous survey?
Saya: Yeah, you have a point...
Natsuki: You know, I noticed this when you were collecting toys, but everyone in Poppin'Party is really active. It's like you get everyone else involved before anyone even knows it.
Saya: It's probably... or rather, it's definitely due to Kasumi's influence.
Natsuki: I dunno, you've been like that too lately.
Natsuki: I mean, this time around, things started with your idea, right? That's what I heard from Ushigome-san.
Saya: Fufufu, when I'm with everyone, I find myself wanting to try this and that.
Saya: I guess I've gotten a bit more greedy compared to before.
Natsuki: Well, I think that amount of greed is just right for you.
Saya: Think so?
Natsuki: Definitely. I've known you since middle school, so there's no doubt about it.
Natsuki: Ah, I almost forgot. I told my other friends to write their recommendations too.
Saya: Thanks! That really helps.
Natsuki: I hope you collect a lot of recommendations.
Saya: Yeah! After all... I'm a pretty greedy person♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Saya: I know I said I hoped we'd get a lot, but...
Rimi: W-we got a lot more than we were expecting...
Arisa: Judging by the weight of the box, I figured it was pretty full, but there is even more than I imagined.
Tae: There were quite a few girls in class talking about what to write. Eve and Hagumi said they wrote a lot for us too.
Rimi: I guess surveys like this are pretty easy to casually fill out.
Kasumi: Ehehe~, I filled out about ten!
Saya: Ten... That's amazing.
Rimi: Um, I also wrote the recommendations my sister told me about, but is that okay...?
Saya: Really? What are Yuri-senpai's recommendations?
Rimi: Let's see... She mentioned... the overly sweet canned coffee you can buy at the vending machine in the Academic Affairs Building.
Kasumi: Ah~, I know what she means! I bought that myself one time and I was really surprised! It's so sweet that you get even more thirsty.
Arisa: How is that a recommendation?
Kasumi: Yeah, well, sometimes you just kinda feel like drinking one. You should try it next time, Arisa.
Kasumi: This is really interesting! Hey, what's written on the ones you guys have? I wanna read them right away!
Arisa: C-calm down a little!
Kasumi: Okay, I'm gonna read this one! "I liked the One Hundred Poems tournament in the gymnasium. Since then, I've gotten interested in classic literature." Hear that?!
Arisa: She already started reading them!
Tae: This one says... "I can feel a great bushido spirit in the Tea Ceremony Club's tea room."
Saya: Fufufu... This is without a doubt Eve.
Rimi: Let's see, written on this one is... "I definitely recommend the rabbit hutch. You can meet a bunch of cute rabbits."
Arisa: That's definitely O-Tae!
Tae: Huh? How did you know?
Arisa: It's obvious!
All: Ahahahaha.
Kasumi: But you know, even though we're all supposed to be at the same school, everyone has different recommendations. That's really amazing!
Saya: Right. I think that means Hanasakigawa is just that appealing as a school.
Rimi: Hey Saya-chan, what does the paper you have say?
Saya: Hold on a sec, I'll read it now. Let's see...
Saya: I recommend the culture festival show. I was able to make up with my dearest friend there. ...
Saya: ... Huh? Is this...?
Rimi: Saya-chan? Is something wrong? We couldn't really hear you at the end...
Saya: Ah, it's nothing... Sorry, I'll read a different one.
Kasumi: Hm? What's wrong, Saya? You seem like you're tearing up a little bit...
Saya: N-no, I'm not... Really, I'm fine. U-umm, this one says...
