event130-05 Chapter 4: Hanasakigawa Guidebook

After school, Saya calls Arisa and the others for a meeting. What does she propose...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Same Day - After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Huh? You want to get everyone's recommendations?
Arisa: Hm... I don't quite get it...
Saya: In addition to the club introductions and facility introductions, we think it would be good to talk about what the students think is the best part of the school.
Rimi: Saya-chan and I talked about it, and we think that method would help others learn about Hanasakigawa.
Saya: Rather than just simply listing facts, if we're going to put everything in the students' point of view, don't you think that sort of information is more important?
Kasumi: Yeah! I definitely do!
Rimi: If the students read something like that, they would be able to imagine what sort of school life is waiting for them.
Kasumi: I agree! That's awesome!
Tae: My recommendation is definitely the rabbit hutch!
Kasumi: Mine has to be the courtyard! Ah~, and I can't forget about the gymnasium either. We also did the culture festival show and the graduation ceremony...
Saya: Exactly. Instead of just locations, there are also school events that people want to recommend, right?
Rimi: Ah! There might also be lunch menu items that people want others to try.
Saya: Mhm! Wouldn't it be great if we could introduce that stuff too?
Arisa: I see... I more or less get what you want to do.
Arisa: In other words, instead of a pamphlet simply introducing the school, we'd be making a Hanasakigawa guidebook.
Saya: Right! That's exactly it!
Saya: That would make the new students feel like fun things are waiting for them, right?
Arisa: As an idea... It's not bad.
Arisa: But if we're going to do that, then these pages alone definitely aren't going to be enough.
Arisa: Plus, we can't just introduce our recommendations. We'd have to collect them from all over the school, right?
Saya: That's a pretty large scale.
Rimi: How about we try putting out a box like that one time we gathered unused toys from everyone?
Rimi: That way, I think we can collect everyone's recommendations.
Kasumi: That's a great idea, Rimi-rin! Let's do that!
Saya: Okay then, I'll prepare the box.
Rimi: Oh, I would like to help!
Kasumi: I think I'll make the collection poster and survey sheet! O-Tae, wanna help?
Tae: Yeah! Can I put a drawing of the rabbit hutch on the poster?
Kasumi: What?! I wanna draw the sakura tree in the courtyard!
Kasumi: ... Ah, wait a second! I just thought of something good...
Kasumi: How about a drawing of rabbits flower-viewing under a sakura tree?
Tae: Are you some kind of genius...?
Kasumi: This is great! It'll definitely be cute!
Arisa: What kind of poster is that?! Is it supposed to be some folk tale drawing?! Go with something more simple!
Saya: All that's left then... is deciding on the number of pages.
Kasumi: Do you wanna split the pamphlet up into two volumes...?
Arisa: You-! That's obviously impossible!
Arisa: Well, I think two volumes will be out of the question, but I'll at least try asking Rinko-senpai about it.
Kasumi: Really?!
Arisa: I can't guarantee anything, but just in case, I'll ask tomorrow.
Saya: Thank you, Arisa!
Arisa: E-everyone's doing something, so I can't very well do nothing, now can I...?
Arisa: Besides, I think hearing about those... firsthand opinions would make it easier for people to imagine school life here.
Arisa: If I was a middle school student, I guess I'd want to read something like that...
Saya: Arisa...
Arisa: W-well, anyway! I don't know what will happen with the number of pages, but I'll do what I can!
