event130-04 Chapter 3: I've Got It!

As Saya struggles to compile the interview responses, Rimi walks in...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[A Few Days Later - Break Time]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Saya: Hmm, this section is pretty difficult to compile. What should I do~?
Rimi: Saya-chan. Is that what we were talking about last time...?
Saya: Yeah, the interview compilation. It's tougher than I thought, so I'm struggling with it quite a bit...
Rimi: I can imagine. We visited so many clubs.
Rimi: Adding in all the cultural clubs, there were about twenty, right?
Saya: Yeah, pretty much.
Rimi: It must be really hard to compile that many clubs.
Saya: Well, I'm having more trouble with the contents than the amount.
Rimi: Huh? What do you mean?
Saya: I can feel a huge amount of emotion put into each club. I just want to write everything...
Rimi: Everything...?
Saya: For example, look at this...
Saya: "The best part of the Track and Field Club is its summer training camp! On the final day of last year's training camp, we all ate curry and it tasted so wonderful!"
Rimi: Mhm, I remember this. The club president was smiling so much.
Saya: But if I add that much for each clubs' introduction, it'll go over the word limit...
Saya: So I have to shorten it to "The best part of the Track and Field Club is its summer training camp!" Otherwise, it won't all fit...
Rimi & Saya: ...
Saya: It's not really the same, is it?
Rimi: Yeah. It feels like something's missing...
Saya: I thought so...
Saya: Once I start wondering if this will really convey the appeal of the Track and Field Club to middle school students, the answer becomes less and less clear the more I think about it.
Saya: Rather than the actual response to the interview, I'm starting to feel like the story of them eating curry together is more important.
Rimi: I see what you mean...
Saya: Hrm, it's no use. Maybe I should try talking to Arisa later.
Rimi: She said she'd be compiling the facility introduction pages today, right?
Saya: Yeah. It seems like they'll be using most of the previous text, but going with new pictures.
Rimi: What are the facilities they're introducing?
Saya: Umm, if I recall, the ones listed in last year's pamphlet were the pool, the gymnasium, the archery hall... Oh, and the special classroom.
Rimi: I see. Are they not introducing the courtyard?
Saya: Yeah, I don't think the courtyard was included. Probably because it doesn't really feel like a facility.
Saya: Although, I think all of us would like to introduce the courtyard if possible.
Rimi: Yeah. I love that scenery so, so much.
Saya: The sakura trees bloom during spring, so if students do come to Hanasakigawa, that scenery is something we'd definitely want them to see.
Rimi: Eating a bento lunch in the courtyard would be another of our recommendations, wouldn't it? Fufufu.
Saya: It'd be great if we could introduce it as a power spot where your bento lunch will taste even better. Fufufu.
Rimi: When you think about it like that, we have a lot of recommendations for spots to check out.
Rimi: The school might have as many recommendations as it does students.
Saya: ... Hm?
Saya: It has as many recommendations as it does students...
Rimi: Hm? What is it, Saya-chan?
Saya: I... I think I may have thought of something...!
Rimi: Huh? What?
Saya: I think I know a way to get people more interested in Hanasakigawa!
