event130-03 Chapter 2: Will You Let Me Handle It?

On the way home from interviewing club members, Poppin'Party chat about Kasumi's boundless energy.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Walking Home]

Kasumi: Sigh~. I'm so tired from all the interviews~.
Arisa: Just so you know, what you did wasn't interviewing. It was more like on-site reporting. You practically went undercover as a member of their clubs.
Rimi: Fufufu. We ended up participating in most of the clubs' practices.
Kasumi: Well~, once I started watching them, I couldn't sit still!
Arisa: When we were visiting the Tennis Club, you were more vocal than the members. Okusawa-san looked a little embarrassed...
Tae: But thanks to Kasumi, I think they turned out to be good interviews. Everyone talked with us pretty happily.
Saya: Yeah. Plus, when I was taking pictures during their practices, I was able to get some lively shots. Don't you think having more realistic photos will make things more appealing?
Kasumi: Yeah! That's exactly what I was trying to do! I knew O-Tae and Saya would get it.
Arisa: Please, you're just giving that as an excuse after the fact!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan seems to enjoy whatever she does, so everyone around her naturally gets excited too.
Saya: Yeah, totally. I ended up taking a bunch of pictures of Kasumi.
Arisa: Is that even okay? Won't the middle school students see her and wonder what club she's in?
Saya: Fufu, I think it'll be fine. I made sure to take separate pictures for the club introductions.
Arisa: Okay then...
Kasumi: If they're going to see pictures of me, I'd rather they saw ones of me doing band activities~.
Tae: Should we take some band pictures too?
Kasumi: That's awesome, O-Tae! Nice idea!
Arisa: Whoa, hold on! That's completely missing the point of this! Right now, we're doing club introductions!
Kasumi: Arisa.
Arisa: What?
Kasumi: Clubs...
Kasumi: And bands...
Kasumi: Are the same.
Arisa: ... Y-yeah...
Arisa: ... Wait, what?! You almost persuaded me! What is with that weird theory?
Saya: It was strangely persuasive, wasn't it...?
Kasumi: Aw~, is that a no? I think that when it comes to Hanasakigawa, the bands are crucial too~.
Tae: I think so too!
Arisa: The pamphlet doesn't even have a corner for that anyway!
Arisa: You need to focus on club introductions right now!
Rimi: Umm, Arisa-chan. The sports clubs we visited today were all of them, right?
Arisa: Yeah. I told the cultural clubs that we'd visit them tomorrow.
Tae: Eve said she was looking forward to us visiting the Tea Ceremony Club. She said she'll give us the very best service.
Saya: That means she'll brew some tea for us, right?
Kasumi: Do you think there'll be snacks too?!
Arisa: Just so you know, our goal is to do an interview. Take this seriously.
Saya: So, how should we compile today's interviews? There's quite a lot of them...
Arisa: Ah, I was planning on doing it myself. I can't really ask all of you to help me with that.
Saya: Um, Arisa. Would you let me handle that?
Arisa: Huh?
Saya: After listening to the interviews for various clubs, I got kind of inspired.
Saya: I'm not in any clubs, so I want to know more about their... Well, sentiments, I guess.
Arisa: I'm okay with that, but... With this amount, it's gonna be pretty tough.
Saya: It's fine. Leave it to me♪
Arisa: O-okay... Actually, that's a big help! Thanks.
