event204-02 Chapter 1: Nice to Meet You, Osaka!

The girls arrive in Osaka for their first show outside Tokyo.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Lobby]

Ako: Wow~, this is such a nice hotel! Look at how high the ceiling is~...!
Lisa: The fancy decorations make it feel like a place where adults belong, don't you think?
Rinko: Yes... I had assumed we would be staying at a modest business hotel instead...
Sayo: It does seem somewhat extravagant for high school students such as ourselves... Are you sure this is okay, Harumi-san?
Harumi: Fufu, absolutely! You have a very tight schedule with two days of performing here and no time for sightseeing... That's why your hotel's been upgraded a tiny bit!
Yukina: Thank you.
Harumi: No problem! Anyway, let's have the hotel store your luggage by room. Here, tags for the double room and tags for the triple. Be sure to attach them to your things.
Lisa: Got it~. I'll go ahead and attach yours, okay, Yukina?
Yukina: Alright. Thank you.
Sayo: Udagawa-san, Shirokane-san, I have our tags. The two of you should also...
Ako: Ah! Look, Rin-rin! A grand piano!
Rinko: You're right... It looks so beautiful... under the light...
Ako: There's a sign that says to go right ahead. I wonder if this means anyone can play. Do you want to try, Rin-rin?
Sayo: Udagawa-san, we should store our belongings first.
Ako: Oh, right! Ehehe, I totally forgot~...
Harumi: Fufu. Please let me know once you've had everything stored. We have to be on the move again immediately.
Yukina: ...? I thought we still had time before having to go to the venue...
Harumi: Let's just say the hotel isn't the only little surprise that's in store for you girls...
Lisa: A surprise?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Okonomiyaki Restaurant]

Ako: Mmm~, this pork and egg okonomiyaki is really yummy~! I guess that's why they say Osaka okonomiyaki is the real deal!
Sayo: Yes... The sauce tastes especially different. It has a very complex flavor...
Yukina: ... This is delicious... Lisa, what is this okonomiyaki again?
Lisa: It's supposed to be the beef tendon mix. You want some of my avocado and cream cheese? This one's a real killer too☆
Harumi: Fufu, I'm glad you all seem to be enjoying yourselves!
Rinko: Isn't this supposed to be... a famous restaurant...? I was under the impression... that booking a table here is rather difficult...
Harumi: Yes, it is, actually. I had no idea you knew, though, Rinko-san.
Rinko: Only because I saw the comments... left on our website... by people highly recommending that we come here while we're in Osaka...
Lisa: Oh, I think I saw those! People have been leaving food and souvenir recommendations for other places around the country too.
Harumi: It's likely a sign of just how much everyone is looking forward to seeing you. Ever since the nationwide tour was announced, fan hype has been off the charts!
Harumi: Especially for the last few days! Comments about the day-one show really boosted music video viewer counts, website visitor numbers, and ticket sales!
Lisa: Huh! When I found out we would be doing eight shows, I was a little worried, actually... I'm feeling really grateful again to our fans now though~.
Ako: We owe it to them and all our other fans to put on an amazing show like we did on our first day!
Ako: It needs to be just as good so that we go down in music history!
Lisa: Oh~, I'm on board with that one☆
Sayo: Such a topic shouldn't be discussed so lightheartedly...
Rinko: Our first concert... really did go that well, though, I feel...
Rinko: The start of our new chapter was like night itself proudly taking its first step...
Yukina: I still remember the sensation from that day when we were able to burn with the audience when their cheers merged with our music...
Lisa: Same here. The fire that filled that place after our last song... I can still feel it in my fingertips...!
Sayo: It seems we have managed to retain a good image to work with for our first concert outside of Tokyo.
Yukina: It would appear that way. Let's make sure we do even better than we did on our first day.
All: Yeah! Yes!
Harumi: Wow...! Now even I'm getting really excited...!
Harumi: All of us on the staff will give you our full support all the way through, so let's make sure the people who see you for the first time today get to feel your commitment!
Rinko: People who will be seeing us... for the first time today...
Ako: We've always performed in the Kanto area, so not everyone who's wanted to come and see us has been able to.
Harumi: There have been lots of comments like "I can finally go to your concert!" and "I'm so excited!"
Lisa: People have also written fan mail about how they're finishing their assignments no matter what or working hard part-time for the sake of today's show~.
Lisa: They've busted themselves to come and see us because there's no telling when their next chance will be if they miss this one.
Rinko: (Oh... There are people who have been looking forward to our concerts for a very long time...)
Rinko: (What will the individuals who'll be seeing us for the first time today feel... I wonder...?)
Rinko: (We'll play our music our way regardless of where we are... But this time-)
Ako: Then we can't just show them a super cool Roselia today! We need to be super, ultra, mega cool legendary Roselia! Right, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Yes... I was thinking... the same thing just now...
Rinko: (That feeling on our first day... where we became one with the audience...)
Rinko: (I want the people who will be at our concert today... to also experience it...)
Lisa: Looks like we need to stuff ourselves full of this great okonomiyaki so that we can do our best during the show!
Ako: Yeah! Let's make it an amazing one just like we did on our first day~!
(Black cut)
