event204-04 Chapter 3: Here Again Tomorrow

Things do not go as planned, leaving the girls dejected. Yukina speaks.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Osaka - Live House]

Yukina: ... We are Roselia, and that will be all. Thank you... for coming today.
Rinko: ...
Ako: Rin-rin, let's go...
Rinko: ... Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

All: ...
Lisa: G-good job out there, guys~! I have to say, things sure got pretty crazy here in Osaka too~☆
Harumi: That was a great performance, everyone! I'd say day one of Osaka was a success.
Lisa: Yeah, the audience seemed to enjoy themselves till the very end. I'm kinda relieved, honestly.
Lisa: Ah, looks like somebody's left us some goodies on the table! Drinks, snacks, light meals too... You guys want to eat any of this?
Sayo: No, I don't think we do. Not now, anyway.
Lisa: Oh? What about you, Yukina? Something to drink, maybe?
Yukina: ... Let's take a seat for now, Lisa.
Lisa: Ahaha... Y-yeah, of course.
Ako: Lisa-nee... What do you think was missing today? We didn't make any mistakes, so I can't help but wonder if we couldn't have done more...
Rinko: The cheers we received when we left the stage... were loud... but...
Yukina: There was definitely cheering, and everyone most likely had a good time.
Yukina: But I'm sure all of you felt it too. We failed to go beyond a passing grade with our performance today...
Sayo: To be frank, given where we are now, I'm not sure our concert deserves even that much.
Yukina: True. We were aiming far higher. What we were trying to achieve was something like the first day...
All: ...
Yukina: Harumi-san. I apologize for troubling you so soon after finishing, but could you send a recording of today's concert to our phones?
Harumi: O-okay! I should be able to do that by the time you're back at the hotel...
Yukina: No. We need to review it here and now.
Lisa: H-here and now...? Isn't that rushing things a bit much?
Ako: It hasn't even been ten minutes since the show ended...!
Yukina: That's exactly why. I want us to perform once more while all the sensations are still fresh.
Sayo: Perform...? Are you actually suggesting that we practice once the audience is completely gone?
Lisa: Y-Yukina, the people on the staff have their own schedules. We can't just ask them to stick around for our sake...
Yukina: It won't take much time. I'll personally go and speak to them after this.
Yukina: Anyway... Sayo, I think this song's solo might work better with fewer pauses. Help me work out the timings later.
Sayo: I can do that, but...
Yukina: Rinko, I'm adjusting the part leading into the introduction that we discussed earlier during rehearsals. I'll give you an image of what I want you to work with.
Rinko: O-okay...
Yukina: Ako, you started struggling with your drumming about halfway through. Did something cause that shift?
Ako: I-I'm sorry... Maybe I just wasn't in the groove...
Yukina: That's not what I'm asking right now.
Lisa: Wh-whoa, it's too soon for this, don't you think? How about we return to the hotel, relax a bit, and then-
Yukina: Don't any of you understand? We have another concert here tomorrow.
All: ...
Yukina: We know ourselves the best. We know better than anyone that we're capable of so much more.
Yukina: A team of professionals made the best preparations we could ask for, and we got on stage determined to go beyond that day... And this is what we have to show for it.
Yukina: It's obvious what we have to do next.
Sayo: ... Minato-san, it's as you say.
Lisa: Huh, Sayo? You too...?
Sayo: We can't simply wait for tomorrow to come without doing anything. For today's meeting, I also feel like we need to really sit down and figure out what went wrong.
Sayo: However... Are you absolutely certain that it's something that we have to do here and now? Minato-san, please look us in the eye and say it clearly.
Yukina: ...!
Yukina: ... Okay. The meeting can wait until we return to the hotel.
Lisa: ... Sounds good to me~! Alright then, I say it's about time we get changed!
Lisa: C'mon, Ako, Rinko! Um... We're supposed to put all the stuff like the accessories for our outfits in one place so they don't get lost, right?
Rinko: Ah, yes... Over here. In this box...
Yukina: ...
Sayo: Minato-san, here's some water.
Yukina: ... Thank you, Sayo. I... let myself become too emotional.
Sayo: It's okay. I know where you're coming from precisely because I feel the same way.
Sayo: We only have twenty-one hours left until our next concert. I simply thought about how to best make use of that time and acted accordingly.
Yukina: ... Thank you. I'm really glad you're here.
