event204-03 Chapter 2: To Go Beyond That Day

The girls are fired up after having okonomiyaki and begin rehearsing. However...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Osaka - Live House]

Yukina: ... Stop.
Yukina: Your music lacks sharpness. I want some minor adjustments made, Sayo.
Sayo: Understood. I'll slightly change how I play and see what I can do with the effects unit's settings...
Yukina: And Lisa, compared to the first day, your music wasn't as assertive.
Lisa: Alright, I'll keep that in mind!
Ako: Yukina-san, about the changes just now...
Yukina: Yes, let's go back to using the same phrase we went with on the first day.
Sayo: Minato-san, we have to end rehearsals soon. We most likely won't have time to play through this song together again.
Rinko: Um... I feel like it still needs more work though...
Yukina: Agreed. Of the songs on our set list, this one is particularly important. We can't just move on.
Yukina: More importantly, our music sounds different from that day. Yes, it should sound different since this isn't the same live house, but... It still bothers me.
Sayo: That's a good point. We probably can make things sound more like us.
Yukina: Yes. We're not yet ready for tonight's concert. Let's go back a song and try again. Rinko, pay more attention to the momentum when transitioning to the introduction.
Rinko: Okay...
(Black cut)
Staff: Alright, that's all the time we have for rehearsals. Let's work together to make this concert a success!
All: Thank you! Thanks~!
Lisa: Phew~. All we did was rehearse, but I've already worked up a sweat~.
Rinko: We've ended up behind schedule...
Sayo: Yes. It may be necessary to somewhat rethink how we budget our time. That said, I am quite satisfied with the results.
Ako: Me too! I mean, there's no way we can play just like we did on the first day unless we're completely happy with things!
Lisa: Like? Don't you mean better?
Ako: Right, better!
Yukina: We've done everything we can. Now we each get ready.
Rinko: ...
Ako: Yeah! Okay, let's go back to the dressing room and get changed~!
Ako: Rin-rin's outfits are the ultimate buff. Once we change into them, we'll be in uber mode... Hm? Is something wrong, Rin-rin?
Rinko: ... Ah, no... It's nothing...
Ako: Are you sure? Wait, is something still bothering you?
Rinko: Bothering me...
Rinko: (Like everyone said... we've done everything we can... We've even spent more time than we normally do...)
Rinko: (Then why...? Unlike usual, things feel...)
Sayo: ... Shirokane-san? If something is bothering you, we should discuss it now, regardless of the time.
Yukina: We still have some time until the concert. I would like to eliminate any possible causes for concern that may exist.
Rinko: Ah, no... It's okay... I think... we've done everything we can already...
Yukina: Alright. Let's get dressed then. All that remains is for us to get up on stage.
Rinko: Okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Offstage]

Ako: Wow... Look at how packed the place is!
Lisa: Pretty incredible... And lots of people here will be seeing us for the first time today, too, huh?
Sayo: We're completely prepared. Now...
Yukina: We give everything we have. No matter where we are, we play our music.
Yukina: Let's go, everyone.
All: Okay! Alright!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Audience Member: Roselia~!
Audience Member: I've been waiting for this moment forever~!
Yukina: Good evening, we are Roselia.
Yukina: Here's our first song, "BLACK SHOUT."
Ako: (Ohh~! This super intense fire is just like the first day of our tour!)
Rinko: (The cheering... It's making my whole body tingle...)
Lisa: (I can tell how much everyone's been looking forward to this! Looks like we have a job to do...)
Sayo: (I want to live up to these feelings... No, I'll go beyond!)
Yukina: ...♪
Ako: (This isn't even close to enough! The fire needs to be stronger! To take the excitement to the next level, this is where...)
Rinko: (Ako-chan's improvising here... just like on the first day...)
Audience Member: Whoa~, Roselia's pretty good!
Audience Member: They're living up to the rumors, alright. The way they play definitely isn't bad~.
Ako: (Huh? I thought the audience would become more excited...)
Sayo: (... There's no need to panic yet. From here, we just have to be more...)
Lisa: (I know we can still do better! After all, the fire on our first day was so strong!)
Ako: (More! I need to burn harder!)
Yukina: ...♪
Lisa: (... What's going on? I'm pretty sure we haven't made any mistakes.)
Sayo: (There haven't been any errors. There's emotion behind our sound. The cheering is growing louder. And yet...)
Ako: (What's this feeling? It's like things aren't quite clicking...)
Rinko: (Our fire... The audience's fire... They're not coming together...)
Rinko: (Even though we're both burning so brightly... Why...?)
Rinko: (Why aren't we becoming one... like on that day...?)
