event204-07 Ending: A Vow to ”Today”

Rinko's music leads Roselia to the answer. What must the girls do for the show?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Room]

Ako: Great...! Then let's do whatever it is that we have to do today!
Rinko: Yes... How far did we get during the meeting...?
Yukina: No, today's meeting is over.
Ako: Seriously?! A-are you sure?
Lisa: But what about that thing you said earlier about what we have to do today...?
Yukina: Confront today's concert... and "today's regrets."
Yukina: Go about in any way you see fit. That's all I want each of us to do by tomorrow.
Yukina: We'll meet in this room tomorrow at seven to go over our concert one last time, so come prepared.
Sayo: Understood... I'll return to my room and write about today. That will help me organize my thoughts, and most importantly, ensure that I never forget.
Ako: I wonder what I should do~... Oh yeah. Rin-rin, do you think we can talk about today?
Ako: I'm not really good at thinking when I'm alone... If it's okay, I want to talk with you so that I can think about everything properly!
Rinko: Sure... Of course...
Lisa: I'm... going to go over today's recording again.
Lisa: That way, I'll never forget. And even if this regret is something I have to live with forever, I still want to make sure it's burned into me good while everything's fresh.
Yukina: See all of you tomorrow at seven then. Oh, and Rinko... I have a request.
Rinko: Y-yes...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Osaka - Live House]

Yukina: We're all finished with soundchecks, I assume.
All: Yeah! Yes.
Yukina: Let's rehearse from the top then... But before we do... If you will, Rinko.
Rinko: Okay... I'm supposed to play... the competition piece... right...?
Yukina: Yes. From now on, whenever we're about to do a full rehearsal before a concert, all of us will listen to this piece.
Yukina: We do this so that the regrets we feel over yesterday's concert never fade. So that we can fully dedicate ourselves to today's concert.
Yukina: And above all, we do this so that we never lose sight of our pride as Roselia.
Rinko: Are you sure you want it to be this piece... though...? Something else... would probably work better for us...
Yukina: No, I want it to be this one.
Yukina: When I heard you playing on the piano yesterday, I was reminded of your courage. The courage that allowed you to look at your weakness and face it.
Yukina: Growth isn't solely about pursuing ideals. We need to face yesterday's regrets, just as you did at the time.
Sayo: True. If we only keep looking at the summit we are trying to reach, we will repeat what happened yesterday.
Sayo: However, by facing this regret from now on, we can focus on a performance that lies before us... On "today."
Yukina: Yes. To always give our best performance... That is the source of our pride, and for that pride to be unshakable, we must consistently keep establishing a new best.
Yukina: That is why this will be our new vow.
Yukina: From now on, on the day of a concert, we must vow to this song... and to who we are "today."
Sayo: Yes, so that "today's" Roselia can establish a new best.
Lisa & Ako: ...!
Rinko: Okay... I'll do as you ask...
Rinko: (The audience's section is still empty now... but in a few hours, it'll be full of people who are here to see us today...)
Rinko: Inhale... Exhale...
Rinko: (The day when our fire and the audience's fire became a single giant flame...)
Rinko: (The day when our two fires failed to merge...)
Rinko: (And now there's today... I wonder what kind of performance we'll be able to give...)
Rinko: (I'll never look away again... from the people before me... or myself...)
Rinko: (I won't try to redo yesterday... either.)
Rinko: (Here and "today" is where we perform...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Audience Member: Roselia~!
Audience Member: We've been waiting for you~!
Audience Member: Yeah~!
Yukina: ... Good evening. We are Roselia.
(Black cut)
