event204-05 Chapter 4: Wintry Moonlight Reflections

The girls have a meeting at the hotel, but Rinko's mind seems to be elsewhere...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Room]

Yukina: ... Stop the video. Let's discuss everything so far that you feel should be brought up.
Sayo: Well... Starting from around here, I feel we became too tense compared to the first day.
Ako: I realized things weren't going the same way as that time, so I wanted to do something about it, but...
Lisa: Me too. To be honest, I might've panicked a bit as well... I just couldn't understand why we weren't able to do something we managed once before.
Rinko: ...
Yukina: ... Perhaps we've been too hung up.
Lisa: Hm...? What do you mean?
Yukina: We said we would do better than the first day... but during rehearsals and when things felt wrong during the concert, weren't we simply trying to replicate it instead?
Yukina: To replicate that fire from the first day of our tour.
All: ...!
Yukina: We may have relied on that sensation more than we should've.
Sayo: So we've been too focused on what allowed us to achieve that past success...
Lisa: Now that you mention it, that does ring a bell...
Ako: Yeah, I remember thinking everyone would get just as excited if I copied what I did on the first day...
Yukina: Rinko, you have an eye for viewing us objectively. I would like to hear your thoughts as well.
Rinko: ...
Yukina: Rinko?
Rinko: Ah... I-I was also thinking the same thing as you... Yukina-san...
Ako: What's wrong, Rin-rin? You seem kind of out of it...
Rinko: I-I'm sorry... It's just that I...
Rinko: ...
Lisa: ... How about we take a break? We've been at this for a while. I'm a bit tired, to be honest. Not to mention hungry.
Ako: Actually, me too... My stomach's been so close to growling this whole time~.
Yukina: Okay... Let's take a break and eat while we're at it. The meeting resumes in an hour. We'll talk later about what we need to do for tomorrow's concert.
Lisa: Sounds good~. Think I'll help myself to the packed meals from Harumi-san! I'll go heat one up.
Sayo: I'm going to step out briefly to buy something to drink. Would any of you like anything?
Yukina: Thank you, I'm fine.
Lisa: Sayo, sorry, could you grab me an iced tea? I could use something to clear my head.
Sayo: Of course... Shirokane-san, do you mind accompanying me?
Rinko: M-me...? Ah... O-okay...
Ako: Are you alright, Rin-rin? You seem a little tired. Want me to go instead?
Rinko: No, I'm fine... Thank you... Ako-chan...
Sayo: Shall we go then?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Convenience Store]

Sayo: We have Lisa's drink, some light snacks, and chocolate... I wonder if this will be enough to last for the rest of the meeting.
Rinko: It should be... The meeting looks like it could go on for a bit... but we have the packed meals as well...
Sayo: True... Here, have this warm milk.
Rinko: Hm...? Are you sure...?
Sayo: I bought myself some coffee. It's a little chilly, so I wanted something to keep me warm on the way back.
Rinko: Fufu... I guess this is one of the perks of shopping duty... Thank you, I'll drink it right now...
Rinko: ... Sigh~...
Sayo: That didn't exactly sound like a sigh of relief.
Rinko: Ah... Um... I'm sorry...
Rinko: I couldn't say anything... during the meeting... I'm really sorry...
Sayo: ... You were organizing your thoughts, weren't you? Responding immediately isn't everything.
Sayo: Not to mention, all of us are likely aware that this meeting isn't going the way it always has.
Sayo: We know the cause, but we also know that dealing with it isn't going to be enough... That's why we're desperately trying to figure out what we can do for tomorrow's concert.
Rinko: For tomorrow's concert...
Sayo: Shirokane-san?
Rinko: ... Um, Hikawa-san... The people who saw today's concert... How do you think they felt...?
Sayo: How they felt...? I'm not sure us trying to understand that will accomplish much...
Rinko: I suppose you're right...
Rinko: But you see... ever since the concert ended... I've been thinking about the audience...
Sayo: The audience...?
Rinko: Yes... I'm sure the people there today... were filled with anticipation...
Rinko: Many of them... must've been looking forward to finally getting their first chance... to see us perform live...
Rinko: All that hard work that went into their studies and jobs... just to come to our concert...
Rinko: The more I think about their feelings... the more frustrated I feel... because we couldn't deliver our best performance today...
Sayo: Shirokane-san...
Rinko: When the concert ended... and I saw the faces of the people in the audience... I felt like thorns had become lodged into my heart...
Rinko: The people right there were cheering for us... but our performance had failed to live up to their cheers... I've been filled with regret ever since...
Rinko: I'm sorry... Feelings like this don't have a place at a meeting that's about finding solutions...
Sayo: ... I wouldn't be so sure.
Rinko: Really...?
Sayo: We have tomorrow's concert. That's why we've been hurrying to make up for today and trying so desperately to prepare for "tomorrow..."
Sayo: ... But as you said, for the people who came today, "today" was all they had.
Rinko: ... All they had...
Sayo: ... It really is cold at night. Okay, let's return to the hotel.
Sayo: We need to get back to the meeting so that we can also face "today" one more time.
Rinko: ... Yes...
