event204-01 Opening: A Spectacular Start

Roselia's nationwide tour is off to a great start.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Yukina: ... We are Roselia, and that will be all. Thank you for coming today.
Kasumi: Ohh~! Roselia was so cool~!
Arisa: Things sure got intense... This being day one of their nationwide tour and all, it's no surprise they showed even more determination than usual...
Rimi: The entire place was shaking the whole time because of how much everyone was enjoying themselves!
Toko: Sayo-san and everyone were totally on fire! They could've had the whole country... no, the entire human race going wild!
Nanami: The way each note carried so much weight was incredible, don't you think~, Rui-rui?
Rui: Yes. We have been shown what a performance by professionals can be like.
Ran: ...
Moca: We can do even better. Just you wait and see, Roselia...! Sound about right~?
Ran: You mind not giving me a weird voice-over?
Tsugumi: ... A part of me does feel that way though. I'm feeling extra motivated now.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... PAREO, we're heading back.
PAREO (Reona): Are you sure? It seems everyone else will be paying a visit to the dressing room to say hello...
CHU² (Chiyu): Practicing our new song is a higher priority. We don't have any time to waste.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...! Very well, let's work on it as much as necessary until you're satisfied!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Ako: That was so fun~! Towards the end, it felt like there was a Dark Dragon going fwoosh, fwoosh all over the audience with its fiery breath!
Rinko: Mm-hmm...! It really did feel like... the entire audience was on fire...!
Lisa: And things only kept getting hotter and hotter as the show went on! That was so awesome!
Rinko: Being touched by the audience's fire... made our sound... burn more intensely as well...
Rinko: It felt like... we had become one with the audience...
Sayo: Yes. I never expected such a powerful emotional exchange to take place on the first day of our tour.
Yukina: That fire is not something we could have created on our own... If only we could begin our next show while this sensation is still with us.
Ako: I want to get up on stage right now too! I bet if we did a show now, instead of a Dark Dragon, there'd be an even stronger legendary demonic dragon going boom!
Lisa: Ahaha, you'll get your chance soon enough. We're already going to be performing outside Tokyo next weekend.
Yukina: Let's make sure we bring this momentum with us during our tour. I want us going all out until we come back here.
Ako: Of course! We'll improve super fast by the time we finish all seven remaining shows, and we'll show everyone when... Um, what's that fancy way to say cool return...?
Rinko: Are you maybe thinking of a triumphant return...?
Ako: Yeah, that! We'll make our triumphant return and carve our names into history with a bang!
Lisa: We only just finished the first of eight shows, Ako. You sure have a lot of energy there~☆
Harumi: Great day one performance today, everyone~! The friends you invited are here to see you, by the way!
Kasumi: Hello! That was an amazing show!
Lisa: Oh~! We've got Poppin'Party, Afterglow, and even Morfonica! The whole army's here!
Yukina: Thank you all for coming.
Ran: Uh... Minato-san, about today's performance-
Kasumi: It was really great! Words can't even describe how sparkly it was-
Ran: Hey, Kasumi. I'm speaking to her right now.
Toko: Sayo-san~! You were, like, really on fire today! I guess it's only natural that you totally rocked though. You are the teacher of such an awesome student, after all~.
Nanami: Toko-chan, isn't it usually supposed to be the other way around?
Sayo: Sigh... So much for asking you before not to call me your teacher...
Tomoe: Ako~! You were so cool~!
Ako: Sis~! Hey, hey, did you see the bit of improv I did during the middle?!
Tomoe: You bet! Everyone sure cheered hard when you nailed it!
Arisa: Um, Rinko-senpai...
Kasumi: Seriously~, Yukina-senpai?! That arrangement was something you decided on right before the show?!
Arisa: K-Kasumi! Keep it down.
Kasumi: Sorry~! I was just really surprised~...!
Arisa: ... Sheesh... Oh, that was an amazing performance, by the way, Rinko-senpai! And I apologize for the racket...
Rinko: Fufu, it's okay... Thank you very much for coming...
Arisa: And thank you for the invitation. Today's show was incredibly moving!
Arisa: Your sound reached me so effortlessly, and it felt like this fire was spreading inside... It's hard to describe. Basically, it resonated with me a ton...!
Rinko: Thank you... I'm glad to hear that... I prepared a lot for this tour...
Arisa: I definitely noticed how busy you seemed. It didn't stop you from student council work though...
Arisa: But now that you'll be hopping around the country, please let the rest of us handle all that work.
Rinko: I appreciate the offer... It's good to know... there are people I can rely on...
Rinko: Since our next concert will be happening soon... if something does come up, I hope you don't mind if I take you up on your offer...
Arisa: Of course! It'll be outside Tokyo, right? Where are you heading first again?
Rinko: Next weekend... we'll be performing in...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

Ako: We're here~! Osaka~!
Ako: Look at all the people! Everything even feels really different too!
Yukina: ... It doesn't seem all that different from Tokyo Station to me.
Sayo: We should stay together since it's crowded.
Lisa: Ah, I see a takoyaki place already☆ Want me to go grab some for us, guys?
Ako: Yeah, I wanna try~! Rimi said Osaka's takoyaki is awesome because they're crispy outside and gooey inside!
Rinko: How interesting... I think I would like to try some as well...
Sayo: Aren't all of you relaxing a bit too much? This isn't a leisure trip.
Yukina: Sayo's right. Ask yourselves why we're here.
Ako: It's to put on a super awesome show that'll let us go down in history here with a bang! Just like back home!
Yukina: Good, I'm glad you understand. Let's go, everyone.
All: Okay! Alright.
