event230-02 Chapter 1: Summer Drive

The girls are going to the beach. In charge of the wheel is a certain someone.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Vacation Week - First Day]

[Station Entrance]

Ako: Are Lisa-nee and Sayo-san still not here~? Hey, Rin-rin. Has it been ten minutes yet?
Rinko: Fufu... It's still only been three minutes... Ako-chan...
Yukina: Ako. It is nearly our meetup time, so calm down a little.
Ako: But it feels like my powers of darkness will explode at any moment~.
Ako: I wanna enjoy an awesome beach day packed with everything we wanna do right away!
Rinko: We came up with our beach plans... at the restaurant yesterday, after all...
Rinko: Hikawa-san even came up with a schedule for us... Fufu. This is going to be a fun day...
Ako: Mhmm! If we have fun according to that schedule, there's no doubt we'll have the greatest day ever~.
Yukina: My goodness... If you act like that, you'll exhaust yourself before we arrive at the beach.
Ako: Ah! They're here!
Lisa: Sorry we're late~. Renting the car took a little more time than I thought.
Sayo: As expected, driving with others in the car is quite stressful. I will have to be thoroughly careful.
Ako: S-so cool! The two of you are like mature ladies!
Rinko: Good morning... We will be counting on you today...
Lisa: Okay~. Leave it to me and Sayo. We'll drive super safe, so don't even worry about it.
Sayo: I sincerely appreciate your help. I was certain it would be difficult for me to drive to the beach on my own.
Lisa: It's good that I managed to get my license at the perfect time. We can take turns driving.
Yukina: Still, I'm surprised you already have your license. I heard that you only recently started going to driving school.
Lisa: I wanted to get it as soon as possible. So I took a lot of driving lessons~♪
Lisa: So it really is lucky that it's coming in handy already♪
Ako: Lisa-nee, Lisa-nee! Show me your license!
Lisa: Of course! Okay... Here you go☆
Ako: Ooh~... Your picture's super cool! Rin-rin, look, look!
Rinko: She's right... You look so mature...
Lisa: I know, right? I heard that driver's license photos look unflattering most of the time.
Lisa: I pulled out all the stops when I took mine. Thanks to that, it came out perfectly♪
Rinko: That's also part of it, but... someone the same age as me having a driver's license seems so novel...
Rinko: It almost feels like you're walking one step ahead of me... I also... think that's cool...
Lisa: Fufu. Thanks. Well then. Why don't we get going?
Sayo: Right. If we leave now, we will avoid getting caught in traffic, and I believe we will arrive at the beach according to schedule.
Sayo: Now then. Please load your belongings in the trunk. Imai-san, I will drive first.
Lisa: Roger that! Ah, speaking of which... Yukina, you didn't forget anything, right?
Yukina: Correct. I checked when I left this morning.
Lisa: Are you sure~? I couldn't leave with you today, so I'm worried. Plus, you've forgotten your swimsuit before.
Yukina: How rude. I'm not a child, so I'm fine.
Sayo: Everyone, please take any drinks and the like out of your bags. I cannot easily stop the car even if you require them during the trip.
Yukina: Very well. Umm, my drink is... Oh?
Ako: ... There we go. Sayo-san, my bag's all loaded! Can I sit in the front passenger seat?
Sayo: I do not mind. However, please make sure you do not get too excited while I am driving.
Ako: Yay~! I'm gonna be the first one in the car~!
Lisa: Okay, Sayo. Take it away~.
Sayo: Now then...
Sayo: Front, clear.
Sayo: Rear, clear.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: ...? Um what is Hikawa-san doing...?
Lisa: She's going through the point-and-acknowledge process before we get going. You do that to check that there isn't anything dangerous around the car.
Yukina: So you need to do something like that before driving. By the way, there's something I need to tell you about...
Ako: Huh...? Sayo-san's checking the front and back of the car again!
Ako: S-Sayo-san~! You don't need to check that many times, right?
Sayo: No, I will check once more. It would be problematic if there was something I overlooked.
Ako: B-but, there isn't anything from where I can see. Let's go already~.
Sayo: No. Carelessness like that is dangerous. It is imperative that I check it several times with my own eyes.
Ako: ...
Sayo: ... All right.
Sayo: I am sorry to have kept you waiting. Is everyone wearing their seatbelt?
Ako: Of course! Let's set a course for the beach, and go, go!
Yukina: Might I have a word first? It would seem I've forgotten my swimsuit.
Lisa & Rinko & Ako & Sayo: What?!
Lisa: You just said you didn't forget anything~!
Yukina: I got it ready, but it would appear I forgot to put it in my bag.
Lisa: Ohh~. Your excuse is the same as a kid who forgot to do their summer homework~.
Yukina: Sayo. My apologies, but could I ask you to stop by my house briefly?
Sayo: ... Understood. I will adjust the destination for the car navigation system, so may I ask for your address?
Ako: Ngh~. When are we gonna get to the beach...?
