event230-07 Ending: The Sunset Sea

As the others sleep on the way home, Lisa and Rinko reflect on the day...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Rental Car - Inside]

Ako & Sayo & Yukina: ... Zzz... Zzz...
Lisa: It looks like everyone in the back fell asleep.
Rinko: That's because... we all played so much...
Lisa: It's a shame~. I wanted to hear Yukina say "meow" more.
Rinko: Fufu...
Lisa: Ah. Rinko, if you're drowsy, it's alright for you to sleep, okay?
Lisa: You're in the passenger seat, so you don't have to pay me any mind. Just leave it to your driver, Lisa Imai☆
Rinko: Thank you very much... But while I may be tired... I'm not sleepy...
Rinko: Thinking back on today... fills my heart so much...
Lisa: That'll probably go on into the night, y'know~? And it'll end up being a problem when you can't get to sleep.
Rinko: Fufu... Right... I only hope that doesn't lead to me not getting enough sleep...
Rinko: I'm also worried... about sore muscles...
Lisa: Ahh, good point. You were pretty active today, after all.
Rinko: That's because it's been a while... since we've spent such a long time together outside of band-related activities...
Rinko: That's why... I wanted to try... different things today...
Rinko: Because I wanted... to share as many memories as possible... with you all...
Lisa: I see. In other words, does that mean you had a buff applied today?
Rinko: Fufu... That's right...
Lisa: Ahaha. Yay~. I'm really starting to get these gaming terms down.
Lisa: That's also because we've shared memories with each other.
Rinko: Right...
Lisa: Sigh~. I kinda feel like playing my bass when I get home~.
Rinko: I feel the same... I can't help but want to play the piano...
Lisa: It's like, now that I'm refreshed, the desire to perform is surging up inside me~...
Lisa: Well, I'm also looking forward to practicing just as much. I'm sure my bass playing's gonna be amazing at the end of our vacation~.
Rinko: Fufu... Ah. We just talked about music... didn't we...?
Lisa: Ah...
Ako & Sayo & Yukina: ... Zzz... Zzz...
Lisa: We're safe! Phew~. That was close~.
Rinko: I would have liked... to see a bit of... you meowing...
Lisa: If that happened, you'd be joining me. We have to share our memories, right?
Rinko: Well then... This can be our secret...
Lisa: Right☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Break]

[Music Agency - Studio]

Harumi: Everyone, it's been a while. Were you able to enjoy your break?
Lisa: I super did~! I really got to spread my wings.
Ako: So did me and Rin-rin!
Sayo: We accomplished that which we normally do not have the chance to. So it was a good vacation. However...
Yukina: Right. I don't think we will need a large block of time off for a while.
Harumi: What?!
Ako: I know what you mean. I wasn't able to resist playing the drums...
Ako: I actually went to practice at the studio in secret... I'm sorry!
Rinko: Um... I did, too... I just had to play the piano...
Lisa: Ahaha... It sounds like it was the same for all of us.
Yukina: As I thought, we all yearn for music in every aspect. This was a good opportunity for us to fully realize that once again.
Yukina: Harumi-san. I'm sorry it turned out this way despite you thinking of us when you told us to rest.
Harumi: No... If experiencing something you hadn't before made you think that, then I'm sure that's how Roselia's pace is.
Harumi: Fufu. You all really do love music.
Rinko: Harumi-san...
Harumi: That being said, not resting is not okay.
Harumi: If I think you're neglecting your downtime again, I'll get on your case about it right away!
Yukina: Please do. It may not have been our style, but we gained something from this experience.
Yukina: ... Here's the score for our new song.
Lisa: You made it? Over the vacation?
Yukina: It's because ideas came to my mind one after another. That was also thanks to having been able to refresh myself.
Yukina: I want to perform this song with everyone so much that I cannot help myself. Let's get it ready for the recording stage.
Rinko: Yes... I'm ready...
Ako: I'm ready to go whenever, too!
Lisa: Alright~! I'm gonna kick it up several notches with my bass today~.
Sayo: Well then. Minato-san, if you would.
Yukina: Right...
Yukina: Let's begin rehearsal.
(White cut)
(Background change)
