event230-05 Chapter 4: On Schedule?

Today's goal is to do what everyone wants. For Lisa, that's...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Beach]

Lisa: Sigh~, that was fun. I got in some relaxation and some swimming, so I've got no complaints!
Lisa: Yukina and Sayo also joined in on the ocean fun towards the end.
Yukina: We didn't really have a choice. Ako got up to some mischief as we were relaxing.
Ako: Ehehe. I'm sorry~. Thank you all for playing with me!
Sayo: Good grief... You really should reconsider carousing so much.
Lisa: Ahaha... What about you, Rinko? How was it?
Rinko: I was only floating in my swim ring, but... it was a lot of fun...
Lisa: Mhmm! I'm glad it sounds like you enjoyed yourself, too☆
Sayo: Now then. According to our schedule, next will be... taking photos at the beach swing.
Yukina: Beach swing?
Lisa: The name says it all. It's a swing on the beach! It's made with driftwood and other materials and is super atmospheric.
Rinko: If I remember correctly... that's something you wanted to do, Imai-san...
Lisa: Yep! My university friend took photos of one, too~. Look... This is it! Isn't it stylish?
Rinko: Wow... The combination of the sparkling ocean... and the simple swing is lovely...
Sayo: It is quite picturesque. I can understand you wanting to take photos of it, Imai-san.
Lisa: Right? That's why when I learned there was also a beach swing here, I just had to come see it!
Lisa: Let's take a bunch of photos together.
Ako: Just you wait, Lisa-nee! The great demon princess Ako will show off her greatest poses~!
Sayo: According to the map... it is about ten minutes from here. Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach - Beach Swing]

Ako: Whoa, there are so many people~. Did they all come to take photos?
Rinko: It's a popular spot...
Photo Crew Member: Pardon me~! We are beginning a photo shoot for a magazine, so this area is now off-limits! Thank you for your cooperation~!
Lisa: What? A magazine photo shoot?! Why did it have to be today of all days~...?
Sayo: What should we do? If they are taking photos, I imagine it will take quite some time...
Lisa: Right~. That's how it went when we took ours... Oh well. Guess there's no choice. Let's prioritize our next plans.
Rinko: Imai-san... Why don't we try waiting for a little while...?
Lisa: Nah, it's okay! I can't rope you guys into my selfishness.
Lisa: Plus, I took lots of photos as we drove and when we were playing on the beach.
Sayo: ... Very well. While it is a shame, let us head back.
Yukina: Next is the activity that Sayo wants to do... Oh?
Ako: Yukina-san, what's wrong?
Yukina: Over there... It seems to me there are an awful lot of people lined up.
Rinko: That sign... is for a shaved ice shop...
Ako: Ah! It's that one place! The one we were talking about when we made our beach plans!
Lisa: Ah~. It's that super popular shaved ice shop in this area! I'm pretty sure it was located right next to the beach swing... So that must be it!
Sayo: Imai-san, you said you wanted to go to that shaved ice shop, didn't you?
Lisa: I mean, it definitely has to be good, right? It has fluffy ice and a lot of fruit~.
Lisa: It's been all the rage on social media, so I know I've gotta try it. If it didn't take time to get in, I would've put it in our plans~.
Sayo: I see. Well then. Shall we line up as well?
Lisa: That's right. It'll take time, so we should just give up on it and- Huh?!
Rinko: I agree... Let's have some shaved ice using our time for the beach swing...
Sayo: You say it will take time to go in, but I believe that would be faster than the photo shoot.
Sayo: And I am sure that shop also serves lunch. While it is a little early, I think it would be a good idea to have lunch as well.
Lisa: A-are you sure? Don't we have the sandcastle building you wanted to do after this...?
Sayo: I do not mind. We merely need to swap it for our lunchtime.
Yukina: I think that would be fine, too.
Ako: Me too, me too! I'm gonna get a super huge shaved ice!
Lisa: You guys... Thanks~! Once our lunch is over, let's build an amazing sandcastle.
Sayo: Yes. Let us make a castle that surpasses the one made by Hazawa-san and the others.
Lisa: Yeah! Fufu. I wonder what kind of shaved ice I should have~♪ For this season, would grape flavor be good? Ah, but I can't forget about mango, either~.
Lisa: Why don't we all share? I know! Let's take a bunch of photos, too~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach]

Lisa: Ooh~. There's a moat, a castle gate, and a lookout tower... This is a pretty outstanding piece of work, huh?
Sayo: Yes. I poured all of my knowledge and techniques into making it. I believe it to be one of my greatest works at this stage.
Ako: This castle is so super-duper-ultra cool! It's like, the power of darkness is all rumble, rumble...
Rinko: Brimming...?
Ako: That's it! It's brimming with the power of darkness, giving it an impact that makes it like a demon lord's castle~!
Sayo: I do not know about that, but it is my greatest work. So, it is only natural for it to have a tremendous impact.
Yukina: Phew... Playing in the sand is surprisingly tiring. I'd like to take a short break.
Lisa: How about we relax for a little bit? After that is what Ako's been waiting for~...
Ako: The banana boat! I've been looking forward to it this whole time!
Lisa: Are you sure you can hang on~? Rumor has it that it's really speedy~.
Ako: Don't worry! I'm Roselia's drummer, after all! So bring it on~!
Yukina: What connection is there between a banana boat and Roselia?
Outdoor Broadcast: This is a notification for all beach visitors. Due to boat trouble, afternoon banana boat rides are now canceled.
Outdoor Broadcast: I repeat. Due to boat trouble, afternoon banana boat rides are-
Ako: Whaaat~?!
