event230-01 Opening: Roselia on Vacation

Roselia gets a rare week off. What will they decide to do?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Interviewer: Well then, I'll be going. I'll send you the article once it's finished.
Lisa: We're looking forward to it☆ Thank you very much!
Harumi: Good work, everyone! Now our work for the day is finished.
Rinko: Sigh... I was so nervous... Was I speaking enough...?
Sayo: I do not believe you need to worry about it that much. The interviewer was avidly listening to your story.
Ako: Mhmm! That was super perfect, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Phew... That's good, then...
Lisa: Say. We finished our work early, so why don't we go to a restaurant?
Yukina: Right. I'd also like to have a meeting to cover our plans starting tomorrow, so I imagine that would be all right.
Ako: Yay! I'm gonna have ice cream♪ Rin-rin, let's have some together~.
Harumi: Ah, will you all be going somewhere to have some fun? Your schools are on summer vacation, after all.
Harumi: Your work schedule will be free for a week starting tomorrow, so please enjoy yourselves!
Yukina: ...? What are you talking about?
Harumi: Huh? Aren't you going to plan out your summer vacation right now?
Lisa: That certainly does sound super enticing~. But I think we might put that on hold for a little while~.
Lisa: I mean, we've got our next concert in two months, right? We were thinking about having a meeting on our band practices.
Sayo: It has been a while since circumstances have allowed us to focus solely on practice for an entire week.
Yukina: It would be foolish of us not to take advantage of this period. We will focus on practicing to always give the best performance possible.
Rinko: Right... We also have the release of our new song next month...
Ako: I wanna make our next new song ultra-mega-cool!
Yukina: To do that, let's thoroughly plot out its composition.
Harumi: I-I see~. Um, I'm glad that all of you are working vigorously for your next concert, but...
Lisa: Ah. Harumi-san, did you want us to take a break...?
Harumi: Yes... You've been particularly busy as of late. So, if possible, I'd like you to refresh yourselves.
Rinko: That's true... We've had a lot going on... with our nationwide tour and the pop-up store collab...
Lisa: What do you guys wanna do? Since Harumi-san's saying all this, I think taking a rest is an option.
Yukina: Yes... That opinion also has some merit.
Harumi: Thank you very much! I'm glad you understand!
Yukina: Well then. Let us take the mid-most day of that week off to properly rest.
Sayo: Agreed. I believe that to be sufficient for us to rest.
Lisa: Ooh~. It's been a while since we've had a whole day off. Maybe I should go shopping to refresh myself~.
Harumi: Hm? It's been a while...? I'm sure you've had days off up until now...
Lisa: I refreshed myself, of course. But before I knew it, I was practicing my bass~.
Rinko: Same here... I feel somewhat restless... if I don't touch the piano...
Harumi: Huh...? It can't be... Um~, has there not been a day where you rested and didn't think about music...?
Ako: Hmm~... There might not have been many since we joined the agency.
Yukina: That's a given. Rehearsal is needed more than anything else for us to aim for the top.
Harumi: ...
Harumi: I-I was sure you were properly resting, yet something like this was happening...
Sayo: Harumi-san?
Harumi: How you all spend your private time is up to you... but this is...!
Harumi: I'm sorry. Please listen to what I have to say for a few minutes. Devoting yourselves to your music is very important.
Harumi: But so is making sure that you get just as much rest!
Sayo: We are aware of the importance of resting. That is why we periodically-
Harumi: If you practice during a vacation, then it isn't a vacation.
Ako: ...! Now that you mention it, you have a point...!
Harumi: Considering everything up until now, I think it would be good for you to put some distance between yourselves and music and thoroughly rest for this next week.
Rinko: A whole week... I can't quite picture it...
Harumi: Don't worry! You can't picture it because you haven't had that experience before.
Harumi: Until now, you've all earnestly faced your music and tried to find the path that leads to the top.
Harumi: The experience of taking a long break might be one route to that. So, why not take this opportunity to experience that?
Roselia: ...
Yukina: ... What Harumi-san says may certainly be true.
Sayo: ...! Minato-san, does that mean...
Yukina: If there is a chance that it connects to the top, then it would not be bad for us to experience it at least once.
Yukina: Change of plans. Starting tomorrow, let's rest with everything we have for the next week.
Lisa: Yeah, okay~. I've gotta say, that's a pretty long vacation. I might not know what I want to do.
Harumi: Fufu. There's no need to overthink it. Please take it easy and give your minds and bodies a rest.
Harumi: I know! What do you think about going to the beach? I'm sure it will be nice.
Ako: The beach!! I wanna go!
Lisa: I'm down for that, too~! I heard one of my university friends went recently, and I was a little jealous. What about the rest of you?
Rinko: I'd be fine with that... as long as it's somewhere that doesn't have a lot of people...
Sayo: I have no objections. I imagine that would also fit the general concept of using everything we have to rest.
Yukina: Right... Very well. Let's go to the beach.
Harumi: Fufu. Please enjoy yourselves as much as you can!
Yukina: Of course. When we rest, we do it with everything we have. That is who Roselia is.
