event230-06 Chapter 5: A Change of Plans

Pained by how sad Ako is, Rinko makes a suggestion...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Beach]

Ako: Sigh~...
Lisa & Rinko & Sayo & Yukina: ...
Lisa: Ah~... I know. Ako, are you thirsty? Let's have some ramune together. I'll get us some frosty-cold ones!
Sayo: Right. It's important to keep ourselves hydrated.
Ako: Nah, I'm okay. I'm not thirsty...
Lisa: I-I see~...
Ako: B-but, don't worry, Lisa-nee! It was a shame about the banana boats, but we can still play more at the beach!
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Yukina: Lisa. Aren't there any other activities here aside from the banana boats?
Lisa: The thing is, there isn't. We could go fishing, though...
Sayo: That is not the sort of thing that Udagawa-san is hoping for. Let us try searching once more.
Ako: Ohh~. What're you whispering about? I told you, I really am fine!
Rinko: (Ako-chan's trying to be nice... even though she's really disappointed...)
Rinko: (In that case... would a drive or something help...? No... It has to be something that can only be done at the beach...)
Rinko: ...! I-I'll use my phone... Umm, I'll search "activities at the local beach"...
Rinko: ...
Rinko: Um, everyone... Apparently, you can go parasailing at the neighboring beach...
Lisa: Isn't parasailing... where you get pulled along by a boat as you go on a walk in the sky by parachute?
Rinko: Ako-chan, what do you think...?
Ako: A walk in the sky... What is that?! That's amazing!
Rinko: If we head from here to the neighboring beach... by car, I don't think it will take that long...
Lisa: Great idea! That sounds like fun! You hardly ever get the chance to take a walk in the sky.
Ako: I wanna do it too! I wanna take a walk in the sky!!
Sayo: Then it is settled. Let us gather up our belongings.
Lisa: Alrighty, leave the driving to me☆ It'll be a short trip to the neighboring beach!
Sayo: Imai-san, please be sure to drive safely.
Lisa: I-I know~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Neighboring Beach]

Staff: We will move to the wharf in ten minutes, so please wait until then.
Ako: Okay~! A walk in the sky♪ A walk in the sky♪
Lisa: Fufu. That Ako. She's totally back to her happy self. That was some really fine play, Rinko☆
Rinko: No... It's thanks to you and Hikawa-san...
Lisa: Just having a car opens up so many choices for us. It makes me glad that I got my license~.
Lisa: Ah. By the way, I know it's late to ask this, but... Rinko, are you okay with parasailing? It seems fairly extreme...
Rinko: ... Right... I'm not really one for things like that...
Rinko: But... I'd like to give it a try... I also... want to try going on a walk in the sky with all of you...
Lisa: I see. Then let's become one with the wind together!
Rinko: Fufu... Right...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Parasailing]

[Lighthouse]

Rinko: It's so pretty... The crimson-colored light is spreading into the ocean... It's like the sun is melting into the sea...
Yukina: It's almost like a world within a painting. I understand how you felt when you said you wanted to come to the lighthouse, Rinko.
Rinko: A book I read before... had a photo just like this view... I wanted to see it with all of you...
Ako: Ah! That huge cloud over there...! That's the spot where we took our walk, right?!
Sayo: Who can say...? The sky is vast, after all. While it might look the same, it could be a different cloud.
Lisa: The wind felt so good~. I even saw a small boat off in the distance!
Rinko: I could see it, too... But when I looked down... realizing how high we were gave me a chill...
Sayo: Fufu. I know what you mean. I have seen that in recordings, but it is quite stimulating when the ocean is spread out under your feet.
Ako: I felt like I turned into a griffin and got super excited!
Yukina: A griffin?
Rinko: It's a monster with the head and wings of an eagle... that appears in games like NFO...
Ako: It made me think how when a griffin is flying over the ocean, this is how it must look to them~.
Sayo: However, it took a surprising amount of time.
Sayo: When we returned to the beach, the sun had already begun its decline, so our afternoon plans changed drastically.
Lisa: Well, it was fun, so what does it matter? Most of today didn't go according to plan anyway.
Yukina: Right. A lot of unexpected things happened.
Lisa: But... I super enjoyed myself!
Lisa: I like unexpected days like this quite a lot~!
Lisa: Things definitely would've been fun if they had gone according to schedule, so it almost feels like today was set to be a win from the start.
Yukina: Right... I thought it was a day similar to performing on stage.
Sayo: What do you mean by that?
Yukina: On stage, there aren't many times when performances go according to how we practiced, are there?
Rinko: True... That's because different things will affect it... such as the heat filling a venue or the audience's reactions...
Yukina: Yes. The insight brought about by that which is born through concerts elevates our music.
Yukina: That is further enhanced the more we perform in tune with one another. Today was the same as that.
Yukina: That's why, no matter what happened, we could turn it into a good outcome... That's what I think.
Lisa: Yukina...
Lisa: ... Looks like it's penalty time☆
Ako: Ahh, that's right! If we think about music, we face a penalty! I totally forgot about that~!
Lisa: Fu, fu, fu. You can't let your guard down until it's over~. Now then~. I wonder how we should make you talk~♪
Yukina: Wouldn't my comment just now... be allowed?
Lisa: No way. You're out! Also, weren't you the one who said to follow the rule no matter how trivial the thought was?
Yukina: That's...
Sayo: Minato-san, please just accept it. Now then. Shall we start heading home?
