event230-03 Chapter 2: A Break from Music

To keep themselves from thinking about music, Roselia puts a rule in place...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Rental Car - Inside]

Car Navigation: You will soon reach the entrance to the expressway. Please be mindful when merging with the flow of traffic on the right.
Ako: Whoa~! Rin-rin! It's the expressway! We're on the expressway!
Rinko: It's more empty than I thought it would be... This should allow us to get there smoothly...
Sayo: Phew... Now, it is only a direct line from here. But that is precisely why I should be even more careful.
Lisa: Sayo, how about we take a break at the first rest stop as planned? We can switch out driving there.
Yukina: How much longer will it be until we arrive?
Lisa: Hmm~. The rest stop is pretty much halfway there~.
Ako: Aww~. We only get to ride in the car for that long? I wanna go on a drive some more!
Yukina: You were just saying you wanted to go to the beach right away... Which is it?
Ako: Both! I wanna go on a drive and get to the beach soon!
Ako: I mean, it's just us going on a drive right now! Isn't that amazing?!
Lisa: Fufu. I know what you mean. It's my first time going on a drive with friends, too.
Lisa: I've only ever gone on one with my family. It's super exciting~.
Ako: Right~? That's why I really wanna enjoy the drive, too! With that being said~, let's all do something!
Ako: We'll be able to enjoy the super fun drive even more that way!
Lisa: Nice~! Ah, but we might want to avoid doing anything that would get in the way of driving.
Ako: Ah, I see! Then, umm, uhh...
Rinko: Um... In that case, why don't we listen to some music...?
Rinko: You see... I made a playlist for our drive...
Lisa: Ooh~, talk about being prepared~! What kind of songs are on it?
Rinko: Roselia songs... I made it... with the set list for our next concert in mind...
Rinko: Uh... I thought we could enjoy the music... while we discussed the set list...
Sayo: That is a good idea. That would also likely not hinder my driving.
Ako: Rin-rin, you're a genius!
Yukina: That is just like you to always consider our music, Rinko.
Rinko: Thank you very much...
Lisa: Ako, set it up for us~.
Ako: Okay!
Rinko: Ah, p-please wait... Would this count as us thinking about music...?
Ako & Sayo: Ah...
Yukina: ... Now that you mention it, that's true. We're supposed to rest with everything we have without thinking about music for the next week.
Lisa: Huh...? Wouldn't this be fine? It's not like we're practicing.
Yukina: No. Since we've made it a rule, it won't do for us to make exceptions.
Yukina: "We won't think about music for the next week." However trivial the thought might be, let's follow this rule.
Sayo: I agree with Minato-san. The reason for this vacation is because it was pointed out that we immediately think about music despite being on vacation.
Yukina: Rinko. I hate to do this when you made the playlist, but let's not listen to it now.
Yukina: However, I will not let your sentiments go to waste. We will use this playlist during our next meeting.
Rinko: Okay... Thank you very much...
Lisa: I don't think we need to worry about it that much, though~. But if we're going that far, what do you say to this?
Lisa: If we think about music, we face a penalty☆ Like, let's see~... You'll have to talk funny on the way home!
Ako: "Talk funny" how?
Lisa: For example, saying "boing," "meow," or "woof" at the end of every sentence.
Rinko: That's... pretty embarrassing...
Yukina: I think that's a good suggestion. Music is something near and dear to us.
Yukina: Without a restriction like that, there is a high chance that we will naturally think about music.
Lisa: Then it's settled! The game starts now!
Sayo: Ah, the rest stop has come into view. I'll pull in.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach]

Ako: It's the beach~!!!
Lisa: Mmm~! This feels great~♪ The beach really is awesome~.
Ako: Hey, let's play already! I wanna ride the banana boat!
Lisa: You can expect good things from the banana boat here~. I heard it's super fast and makes it feel like you're flying.
Ako: Whoa~. Does that mean it's like a roller coaster?!
Ako: Fu, fu, fu. Once it is set upon a dark gale, great demon princess Ako's evil eye will... it'll, uh... go off with a boom~!
Sayo: In any case, the banana boat is this afternoon. According to the schedule... swimming in the ocean comes first.
Rinko: If I recall... that's what you want to do, isn't it, Yukina-san...?
Yukina: Yes. However, I'd like to borrow a swim ring from the beach hut. It would appear I forgot to bring mine with me.
Lisa: Huh? Did you not notice when you went to get your swimsuit...?
Yukina: I find it strange myself.
Lisa: Ahh... Got it. Well then, why don't we borrow an air pump while we're at it and inflate ours as well?
Ako: Okay! Let's go to the beach hut!!
