event221-06 Chapter 5: Face to Face

Yukina attempts to explain her views to Trischt's representative.

(Character: Yukina Minato)

[One Week Later]

[Meeting Room]

Harumi: ... May we ask what you thought of the new music file we sent...? It is our belief that the song will make this a wonderful collaboration.
Yukina: ...
Erde Representative: ... There's no denying that it's an amazing song. Not only did it give me goosebumps when I first heard it, but I felt it aligns extremely well with Erde Trischt's image.
Yukina: ...!
Erde Representative: However, just because it is a good song does not mean our requests have been met.
Erde Representative: As we stated initially, management has determined that the song needs to be "truly Roselia."
Yukina: ...
Harumi: Although I fully understand, the song itself appears to have been very well received. Is there no chance that this decision could be reconsidered...?!
Erde Representative: Besides myself, a great number of people are involved in this new brand. I'm afraid it's not up to me to make that call...
Erde Representative: Please understand that we mean Roselia no disrespect. However, when it comes to business, certain compromises cannot be made.
Yukina: Business...
Erde Representative: Anyhow, while we understand that there isn't much time left until the deadline, please reevaluate the song's direction once again and...
Yukina: Wait!
Harumi: ...!
Yukina: It may be that our pride and attempt to take on new challenges interfere with what you call business.
Yukina: However, because of who I am now, I couldn't make a "truly Roselia" song as defined by your side...
Yukina: The more I tried to make a song that fit your definition, the closer to an imitation the results became.
Yukina: During the weeks it took to arrive at this song, all I did was make hollow copies that only outwardly resembled our past songs...
Harumi: ...
Yukina: This song may not be the Roselia that you want.
Yukina: It may even be the case that we're starting to head in a direction that doesn't fit how people see us...
Yukina: However, this path that we're walking is a path we carved out with all the choices we made and challenges we took on.
Yukina: No matter how unprofessional it may be, I don't want to turn my back on this path.
Yukina: To do so would mean rejecting Roselia... and my music...
Erde Representative: ...
Yukina: That's why, please... give our new challenge a chance...!
Harumi: (Yukina-san...!)
Harumi: Um, I'd like to echo the request! The song may be adventurous, but I feel it's also a great song!
Harumi: Please...!
Yukina: ...!
Erde Representative: ...
Erde Representative: Do you know what the word trischt means?
Yukina: Hm...? It's my understanding that the word itself isn't real...
Erde Representative: Correct. Trischt is a word I coined while the brand was still in its planning stage.
Erde Representative: But if you rearrange the letters... you get schritt... It means "step" as in footstep.
Yukina: Step...
Erde Representative: I love Erde as a brand. I take pride in the fact that the clothing we make continues to be loved.
Erde Representative: However, I also want to see what lies ahead when Erde takes a step forward. The desire to take on a new challenge... is why I've worked to create Erde Trischt.
Harumi: A new challenge...
Yukina: Just like us.
Erde Representative: Yes... In the interest of success, I've prioritized the opinions of management, but I think it's time I lived up to Erde Trischt's name and bet on something new.
Yukina: Wait...
Harumi: That means...!
Erde Representative: I'll try to convince my superior to accept this song.
Yukina: ...!
Harumi: Hooray~! You did it, Yukina-san!
Harumi: Um, Yukina-san...?
Yukina: I'm sorry. I'm just so relieved...  All the strength seems to have left my body...
Yukina: Sigh...
Yukina: Thank goodness...
(White cut)
