event221-03 Chapter 2: Truly Roselia

Roselia feels confident about the demo they submitted. However...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Ako: How much longer do we have to wait~...? What's taking so long~...?
Rinko: Ako-chan... you've been awfully restless this whole time...
Ako: I can't help it~! Today's the day we finally get to hear what they think about the demo we sent the other day, right?
Sayo: Yes. Erde Trischt's representative should be in a meeting with Harumi-san to discuss the collab...
Yukina: Which means we'll be finding out if the song we submitted needs to be refined or taken in a different direction.
Lisa: From what I remember, the meeting's supposed to be wrapping up right around this time, so I'm guessing it'll be any minute now.
Ako: I wonder what the Erde Trischt person thinks~. Maybe they totally love it or something!
Yukina: Well, I do hope they like it.
Ako: It'll be fine! It's such a cool song!
Lisa: The song really did turn out great I think! It goes so well with the way the brand feels too!
Yukina: Yes. Even though this was a new challenge, I do feel the song has turned into a good representation of who we are now.
Harumi: ... Everyone. Good morning...
Sayo: Good morning.
Ako: ... Hm? Harumi-san, is it just me, or do you seem kind of bummed...?
Harumi: O-oh, I'm sorry for coming in with such a gloomy expression...
Harumi: So... I just got back from the meeting... and, well...
Lisa: Ooh... I think I know where this is going...
Harumi: I'm very sorry... They requested that the song's direction be altered...
Ako: What~?! Why?! It's such a super cool song~!
Yukina: ... Understood. Could you share the specifics of what they told you during the meeting?
Harumi: They said they're looking for something that sounds a bit more weighty... something with a more gothic and solemn feel...
Harumi: They repeatedly stressed the fact that they're looking for something "that's truly Roselia."
Sayo: A gothic and solemn Roselia...
Lisa: Hmm~... Well, I guess I can see why people see us that way, but the song we sent was pretty Roselia, too, wasn't it?
Rinko: Yes... For us, at least...
Yukina: Regardless of our feelings, though, it doesn't change the fact that the song didn't meet their requirements.
Lisa: I know, but still~... Maybe getting an okay on the first try is a lot harder than I'd assumed...
Sayo: Unfortunately, being disappointed won't get us anywhere. Anyway, Minato-san, please feel free to ask for help if you get stuck.
Yukina: Thank you for the offer. I'll try going over songs like "ONENESS" and "FIREBIRD" to see what changes I can make.
(Black cut)

[One Week Later]

Ako: N-not Roselia enough~?!
Sayo: And their requests remain unchanged...
Rinko: It felt quite Roselia... to me...
Ako: I know, right?! It was like Roselia's coolness all dialed up to eleven~...
Yukina: I took their previous feedback into account when I arranged the song... Can I assume this means the changes were insufficient?
Harumi: That appears to be the case... Also, they would like something more intense and melancholy...
Harumi: It seems the Erde Trischt side sees your songs that way.
Yukina: Intense and melancholy... That sounds just like...
Rinko: Our music from long before we debuted as a professional band... all the way back when Roselia itself was initially formed...
Rinko: Intensity born of solitude... The uncontainable strength of a blade...
Yukina: Fufu... Like the person I used to be...
Lisa: But those things are...
Yukina: ... Yes. What's inside me has most likely changed shape...
Ako: I know the Roselia they want may still be Roselia...
Ako: But we've constantly taken on new challenges and gotten better... and now we're way cooler than we used to be! The Erde Trischt people though...
Sayo: The differences between what we see as being "truly Roselia" and what they expect from us must be why we haven't been seeing eye to eye.
Yukina: Yes. The various experiences we've had have shaped our sound, and even after becoming a professional band, our sound still continues to slowly change.
Yukina: I've always regarded that change as inevitable for us, but now...
Rinko: That change... is having a negative effect on this collab... isn't it...?
Lisa: So... in simple terms... they're basically saying they like old Roselia better?
Sayo: ... Essentially, yes, most likely.
All: ...
Ako: I still don't like this one bit!
Ako: We've always been and still are Roselia! There's no turning back time!
Sayo: Be that as it may be, it's what's being expected of us...
Sayo: They want us to imitate what we used to be...
Lisa: Is that really what we have to do...?
Rinko: Not to mention... if we do that... and our song is accepted, then it means...
Harumi: I'm so sorry for all this trouble... If it seems difficult, there is the option of attempting to find a compromise...
Yukina: ... No. That would truly go against both our pride as Roselia and what it means to be professionals.
Lisa: ... Then what are we going to do about it?
Yukina: ...
Yukina: ... Let me try thinking about it from scratch.
(Black cut)
