event221-01 Opening: A New Door

Harumi has asked Roselia to come to the agency to discuss something important...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Yotsuba Women's University - Front Gate]

Yukina: ... Sigh.
Rinko: Hello... How did class go just now...?
Yukina: ... Everything was still very basic.
Rinko: I see... Well, it is open to students from other departments...
Rinko: The slow progress... might be something that can't be helped...
Yukina: ... True. At least second period was slightly more advanced. What about your class, Rinko? You said it's taught by that professor you respect.
Rinko: It is, and as always, class was extremely engaging... They're just so amazing at explaining pieces and teaching you how to play them...
Yukina: Fufu, at least you seem quite satisfied, Rinko... Oh. A message from Lisa.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Campus Street]

Lisa: Yukina, Rinko! Over here~☆
Yukina: Lisa... Hm? What's that in your hand?
Lisa: Oh, this? It's a keychain that one of the international studies professors gave me as a souvenir. They went to Morocco~.
Rinko: Morocco...?
Lisa: Uh-huh. They apparently used to be a backpacker when they were young, so they already know the standard tourist destinations inside out.
Yukina: Students being given souvenirs by music deparment professors is practically unthinkable.
Lisa: Oh, really?
Rinko: Many of our professors tend to be quite... austere...
Lisa: Huh. So, pretty much the opposite of international studies then. Ours are all the friendly type who'll strike up a conversation with students.
Yukina: They sound like a good fit for you, Lisa. Anyway, do you think Harumi-san has asked us to come today to discuss the matter she mentioned previously...?
Rinko: Hmm... Maybe everything has been finalized...
Lisa: That has to be it! In any case, we better get going. Don't wanna be late, after all☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Sayo: ... What you have to do here is use the formula I showed you earlier...
Ako: The formula~...? Uh, what page was it on again~...?
Lisa: Hi, guys~♪ What's going on? Oh, having Sayo help you study, Ako?
Ako: Uh-huh. It's my math homework, and it's so much harder than it used to be now that I'm a second-year~...
Yukina: You're quite early today, Sayo.
Sayo: Yes, civil law class was cancelled.
Harumi: Good morning. It looks like you're all here already. Wait, does that mean I've kept you waiting?
Rinko: No, we just arrived...
Yukina: Harumi-san. I spoke to that guitarist I know about the matter you mentioned.
Harumi: Oh, that thing! Thanks!
Yukina: They haven't agreed to do it though... I'll make sure to contact you once I hear back.
Sayo: Hopefully, Hanazono-san accepts.
Harumi: Thanks, Yukina-san. Please keep me posted.
Harumi: Anyway, let's get down to business, shall we...? Remember that collab I told you about with a fashion brand? Well, it's official now!
Ako: Yay~! I've been looking forward to it so much!
Lisa: A collab, huh~...? Getting a job like this makes you feel like we've been recognized as real pros, doesn't it?
Harumi: I'm happy to see you're excited!
Harumi: I have to say, though, I'm also a bit surprised. I was under the impression that you might not be too fond of this sort of thing as a band.
Yukina: You're not entirely mistaken. It's quite possible that we would have refused in the past.
Yukina: However, ever since becoming a professional band, we've had the opportunity to experience a great deal.
Yukina: We were even just saying that, as professionals, we should be actively taking on new challenges, in fact.
Harumi: Fufu, glad to hear that!
Harumi: Okay, well, let me give you a quick overview of this collab then. Your job will be to come up with a new song that fits the brand's image.
Harumi: Furthermore, this new song will be used as background music for the brand's pop-up store that will be opening.
Sayo: So, our song will be playing at a clothing store then...
Rinko: It also means we'll be able to deliver our music... to people who have never even heard of us...
Ako: This is gonna be our chance to show how cool we are to a whole lot of other people!
Yukina: While it is a chance, we can't afford to fail either. We'll need to bring our A-game.
Lisa: By the way, what fashion brand are we working with?
Harumi: They're called Erde. Are you familiar with them?
Rinko: Oh... They make gothic-style clothing, don't they...?
Lisa: I know them too! They carry a lot of rose accessories. It's so hard not to look when I see one of their stores~. I've even seen some Yotsuba students wearing their stuff.
Ako: Hey, Rin-rin, isn't that the place we went to when I went shopping with you the other day?
Rinko: Mm-hmm... There were a lot of nice chic outfits...
Yukina: This is my first time hearing about them... What about you, Sayo?
Sayo: Our level of knowledge is similar. Their name is about all I'm familiar with, really.
Harumi: The collab will be with Erde Trischt, a new brand they're planning to start with a more casual lineup.
Harumi: Alright then, how about we go over the files for the details? Please take a look at the first page...
Rinko: ...
Yukina: You seem rather pleased, Rinko.
Rinko: Oh, I'm sorry... I know we're discussing work now, but...
Rinko: I'm just so happy... that we get to be involved with such a wonderful clothing brand... for our new challenge...
Yukina: I see. Let's make sure we succeed then.
Rinko: Yes...
(White cut)
