event221-07 Ending: May We Remain True to Ourselves

Confident but worried, the girls wait to find out how things are going...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Pop-up Store Opening Day]

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Ako: Lisa-nee, what are people on social media saying about the pop-up store?
Lisa: Gimme a sec~... Oh, this person's a Roselia fan! It's a short one, but they've uploaded a clip of the store!
Ako: Wow, our song really is playing in the store! This is amazing!
Lisa: So this is the actual decor they went with, huh~? Matches our song perfectly, don't you think?
Sayo: According to the files they gave us, the plan was to use different colors for the roses on display, but it seems they've made them all blue instead.
Lisa: This has to mean they were taking us into account, right?
Rinko: Probably... I'm so glad... they decided to use our song...
Ako: And it's all thanks to you, Yukina-san!
Yukina: No, it wasn't just me.
Yukina: If I had to point out what made this all possible, it would be the fact that we never stopped taking on new challenges.
Harumi: Good morning, everyone!
Lisa: How was it, Harumi-san?
Harumi: I got a good look at the pop-up store! Your fans seemed quite happy and excited over the new song!
Lisa: I see~. Well, I have to say that makes me happy too.
Rinko: How were the reactions... of the people looking forward to Erde Trischt...?
Harumi: A fair number of them stopped and looked up to listen to your song while picking out clothes.
Harumi: Also, Erde's letting us leave some cards with the URL for Roselia's website, but they asked if they could have more because they're disappearing faster than expected!
Harumi: Oh, they also said that if something suitable pops up, they'd love to have all of you write a song for them again!
Lisa: What~?! Seriously~...?! I think I'm gonna tear up...!
Lisa: I'm so happy for you, Yukina!
Yukina: As I said earlier, it wasn't just me...
Sayo: Minato-san, consider this a sign of just how much effort you put in this time.
Ako: Yeah, for sure.
Harumi: ... Um, everyone.
Lisa: Hm?
Harumi: I'm really sorry about everything that happened!
Ako: Huh?! That came out of nowhere... What's this all about, Harumi-san?
Harumi: I was planning to apologize once it was all over. For all the pain I put all of you through...
Harumi: It's my responsibility for failing to serve as an adequate intermediary between you and Erde Trischt. I'm very sorry...!
Yukina: You don't owe us an apology. While it wasn't exactly an easy task, it helped us take another step forward as a band.
Yukina: Besides, if it hadn't been for you, we may never have been able to properly finish our job.
Rinko: We felt so encouraged... by what you said about our completed song...
Rinko: Also, the fact that you chose to believe in our version of what it means to be "truly Roselia..." is something that we're very grateful for...
Sayo: We would like to continue relying on you if you'll allow us to.
Harumi: Everyone...
Harumi: Thanks so much. I know I still have a lot of work to do, but I'll do my best!
Ako: Ehehe, same here!
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (... If we're ever faced with a similar situation again, I wonder what my choice will be.)
Yukina: (To have to choose between doing my job as a professional and Roselia's soul...)
Yukina: (What will happen when there is something that cannot be accomplished without sacrificing what makes us "truly Roselia...?")
Rinko: Yukina-san...?
Yukina: ... I'm sorry. I was thinking about something.
Lisa: We were just talking about going to the pop-up store to take a peek. Harumi-san said she'll drive us.
Yukina: I see. Let's go then.
Harumi: Alright! Please wait at the entrance of the agency. I'll bring the car over.
Ako: Okay~! Let's go, guys~!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan, wait for me...
Lisa: Ako sure is full of energy~.
Sayo: Shall we go?
Lisa: Yeah.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (A day when a choice has to be made that goes against what's right as Roselia...)
Yukina: (Is such a day coming, I wonder...)
(Black cut)
