event221-02 Chapter 1: How We Feel

Roselia is at Erde to deepen their understanding. What does Yukina learn?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shopping Mall - Store]

Lisa: Oh, here it is! Guys, I found Erde's pop-up store!
Sayo: Hmm... It's bigger than I expected.
Rinko: The Erde Trischt pop-up store... for our collab... is supposed to be about the same size...
Ako: Wow, the place is packed! I know we saw the files, but things feel kinda different with actual customers inside!
Sayo: Yes. Since you can only get a feel for a store's atmosphere and its customers by seeing things for yourself, it's a good that we all came today.
Yukina: ...
Rinko: Yukina-san...? Is something wrong...?
Yukina: No... I was just thinking about how, instead of the song that's playing now, it's going to be our song playing in a place like this.
Yukina: ... This will be a challenge. If our song is overly assertive, it will stand out too much as background music, but if it blends in too much, it won't accomplish anything.
Lisa: Yeah. I get the feeling this'll be pretty different from making the kind of songs we usually play at concerts.
Ako: But they want "a song that's truly Roselia," don't they? Can't we just do what we always do then?
Sayo: Not necessarily. As an extreme example, a song that is counter to the brand's image is unlikely to be accepted by them.
Ako: Hmm~, yeah, I guess...
Rinko: At the same time, however... only thinking about the brand's image when writing the song probably isn't right either...
Yukina: Agreed. After all, the request is for "a song that's truly Roselia..."
Lisa: Not to mention, since this is a collab, they said they want to make sure people see what makes both Roselia and Erde Trischt so great.
Yukina: What we have to do is keep Erde Trischt's image in mind while making sure the song still feels like ours.
Yukina: To accomplish that, let's do what we can to get a feel for what Erde is about before we leave.
Ako: So, we basically need to spend the day taking a good look at what Erde's all about, right?
Sayo: Taking a look... Everything is still so vague, but I suppose that's why we have to try.
Yukina: Yes. Now, as for how to go about it...
Ako: Me, me~! I've got an idea! How about actually trying on their clothes? I found something earlier that'd look so nice on you, Yukina-san...
Sayo: Udagawa-san, we didn't come here for entertainment.
Lisa: Ahaha☆ I actually think it's a pretty good idea though. Whether it's work or a show, some things you can only understand by being a customer or part of the audience.
Sayo: That is a good point. However...
Rinko: Many of Erde's fans... apparently only wear Erde clothing...
Rinko: It may be important to understand why they feel so strongly about the brand...
Rinko: Since we've been given this opportunity to write a song for them... I wouldn't want it to disappoint their fans...
Ako: Hmm, okay~... Maybe we can talk to someone who looks like they love Erde a lot.
Lisa: Well~, that would be the quickest way, but I think people will freak out if we suddenly come up to them while they're shopping...
Yukina: ... I'm sorry for interrupting, but can I ask you something?
Lisa: ... What the...?! Yukina?!
Yukina: Could you tell me what you like about Erde?
Female Shopper: Wh-what I like...? Let's see... There's the design and the feel, obviously... but I guess their stance might be what's at the top for me.
Yukina: Their stance...?
Female Shopper: When it comes to making clothes, Erde has always stuck to a certain style... Some people say that's old-fashioned, but I find that commitment admirable.
Female Shopper: They're actually starting a new brand that's more casual, but they've kept the Erde core, and I really admire that about them...!
Yukina: Fufu, I see... Thank you very much. You've been incredibly helpful.
Female Shopper: Are you, by any chance, interested in Erde?
Yukina: ...? Yes, as a matter of fact, I am quite interested in them.
Female Shopper: Oh, then I think this new dress that just came out recently will look absolutely stunning on you! Oh, and so will this rose hair accessory...!
Lisa: ... I have no idea what happened, but it looks like that person's having a lot of fun with Yukina...
Yukina: I'm sorry. I hope I didn't keep you waiting too long.
Lisa: No problem. What were you talking about anyway?
Yukina: I was asking her about Erde. It seems a lot of people are excited about Erde Trischt.
Sayo: I see... So, does it look like you'll be able to get an idea of what direction to take our song in?
Yukina: Well, the person I just spoke to said she wants people who start out with Erde Trischt to come to appreciate the Erde brand as well...
Yukina: So it should be something that can serve as a bridge between the two brands...
Yukina: Additionally, I want people who hear the new song to become interested in our other songs... This is what I have in mind.
Lisa: Huh... Then I'm guessing you'll go for a lighter melody to make it more approachable than our standard fare. Well, I think it's a pretty good idea☆
Ako: Me too~! And I'm really excited about how different this song might end up being!
Rinko: Fufu... You did say this was a chance to get more people to know us, Ako-chan...
Sayo: All of that said, however, it still needs to be capable of "being truly Roselia."
Yukina: Yes, this will likely be a difficult challenge, but I believe that's what makes it worthwhile.
Ako: Yukina-san, just let me know if you get stuck! I may not be good at the complicated stuff, but I'll rush over to help!
Sayo: I've written down what I noticed today. Please make use of my notes if you would like.
Yukina: Thank you, everyone. I'll make sure we have ourselves a good song, no matter what...
