event221-05 Chapter 4: Our Answer

Roselia meets up at the studio, and Yukina says she wants to rewrite their song.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Studio]

Yukina: Everyone, I apologize for asking you to come on such short notice.
Lisa: Oh, it's totally fine...
Sayo: The fact that you still asked us to come must mean this is about the song... Is it complete?
Yukina: Yes, it is. However, I intend to rewrite it.
Ako: Huh...?!
Yukina: I feel I've more or less written "a song that's truly Roselia" in a way that will satisfy the people of Erde Trischt.
Yukina: However, I was unable to hold my head high and declare that it was a Roselia song... Rinko said the same thing as well.
Rinko: ...
Yukina: That's why I need your help. Help me turn this into a song we can be proud to call our own.
Lisa: I see... Alright, sure. Let's rewrite the song then!
Ako: Yeah!
Rinko & Yukina: ...
Lisa: Hm? What?
Yukina: Oh, I'm just surprised because you agreed with so little hesitation.
Rinko: And you haven't even listened... to what you're being asked to rewrite...
Sayo: It's clear from the looks on your faces that this request was not made lightly.
Sayo: Besides, if the two of you say it is not a Roselia song, then it is not a Roselia song.
Sayo: And since both of you determined that it needs to be rewritten, that makes it reason enough for us.
Ako: Yeah! Let's make this a song we can all get behind 100%... No, 200%!
Lisa: I mean, it's how we've always done things. What makes you think it's ever gonna be any different?
Yukina: All of you...
Ako: Alright, looks like it's been decided! I'm pulling out all the stops now! I'm gonna come up with enough ideas for both me and Yukina-san after all the work she's done!
Lisa: Me too! Let's totally make an amazing song that Erde Trischt will get behind 200%!
Sayo: Let's focus, everyone.
Rinko: ...
Yukina: ... Fufu.
Yukina: This is so different from being alone... It's so much more reassuring...
Yukina: Okay, let's begin. We're putting our spirit as Roselia on the line to make a song we can be proud of.
Ako, Lisa, Rinko & Sayo: Yeah! Of course!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Harumi: ...! This song... It's incredible...! And it's completely unlike the two previous ones you submitted...
Harumi: Within the beautiful melody is this strength to move forward, and it's dignified while also being warm... I even somehow feel like I'm listening to classical music.
Ako: That was Rin-rin's idea! She said she wanted to make it feel like classical music!
Rinko: Yes... I'm glad it seems to have worked well...
Sayo: Although the song has changed into something else entirely, we actually based it on the first one we submitted.
Harumi: Listening to it still makes me really excited though! Like, I can feel Roselia's new potential...
Harumi: It's like the song is saying that Roselia will keep evolving and heading toward the future.
Yukina: Thank you, Harumi-san. We wouldn't have been able to create this song if it hadn't been for the negotiating you did to allow us to rewrite it.
Harumi: No, no, I didn't do anything...! Besides, as a fan and your manager, the idea of having a song you're unsatisfied with being made public was unbearable for me too!
Ako: Harumi-san~...!
Lisa: Thanks so much for everything you do!
Sayo: Though we may have a song that we're proud of, everything still depends on the meeting next week...
Ako: I know it can't be helped, but I wish I could do something instead of just sit around and wait!
Harumi: About that... Do any of you want to sit in on the meeting? It may be sudden, but if it's just one of you, it should be doable without inconveniencing the Erde side.
Yukina: ...!
Harumi: Personally, I'd rather have all of you focus on creating and performing songs, so I'm only offering to see what I can do if one of you wants to be there...
Ako: What do people in other bands usually do?
Harumi: That really depends on the artist and agency policy, but there are artists who say it's just quicker to get the job details directly.
Harumi: However, our agency generally believes that it's best to have someone from the agency act as an intermediary to ensure that our artists are protected.
Rinko: I can see why... The idea of working so hard on a song... and being told to your face that it's not good enough... is honestly quite frightening...
Ako: That makes sense... I guess it would be more painful than hearing it from Harumi-san instead.
Lisa: I know it's not exactly professional, but I'd be lying if I said it would never hurt.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Is it okay if I participate in next week's meeting?
Lisa: Y-Yukina?!
Harumi: Are you sure? Erde seems quite adamant, so there is the possibility that what they say will come across as unreasonable...
Yukina: Even so, I would still like to be there.
Yukina: I want to use my own words to tell them about the things we want to protect and why.
Yukina: If I run away now because I might be hurt, I won't just lose my pride as Roselia, I feel I'll lose something very important.
Rinko: ...
Sayo: Minato-san, while it's true that we did play a role in creating the song, the work was primarily yours. However, are you sure you should be the one to go?
Sayo: I could go instead if you would like...
Yukina: Thank you, Sayo, but your kindness is more than enough.
Yukina: Besides, this song that we all made together will be with me. I'm certain that I'll be able to hold my head high until the end.
Rinko: Yukina-san...
Lisa: Alright... Go get 'em, Yukina!
Yukina: Thank you. I have no intention of disappointing any of you.
(Black cut)
