event134-02 Chapter 1: Present for My Younger Sister

Sayo runs into Tomoe at CiRCLE and thinks back on a certain Christmas memory.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[A Few Hours Later]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: ... Thank you for allowing me to use the studio. Goodbye.
Tomoe: Oh, Sayo-san?
Sayo: ... Hello, Udagawa-san.
Tomoe: Hey! Were you doing some solo practice?
Sayo: I was. Were you as well?
Tomoe: Yeah! You weren't working on a new song by any chance, were you?
Sayo: ... Yes, I was... How did you know...?
Tomoe: I overheard you playing when I walked past the studio earlier...
Tomoe: And it was something I'd never heard at Roselia's concerts either.
Sayo: ... I see. I will make sure to be careful of the volume from now on.
Tomoe: Ahaha, not that I'm one to talk.
Sayo: Were you... working on some Afterglow songs?
Tomoe: Yeah! The excitement I felt when I played at Girl Jam still hasn't died down.
Tomoe: It's been like that for us ever since seeing Roselia at the Future World Fes.
Tomoe: All of you were amazing, of course... but Ako's drums were really something.
Sayo: ...
Tomoe: That's why I gotta become even more awesome!
Sayo: ... Fufu. That is the kind of sister you are to her, after all.
Sayo: Whenever one of you grows, it inspires the other... The two of you have a wonderful relationship.
Tomoe: Th-thanks.
Tomoe: But it's like you said. For me, nobody's more awesome than Ako. And for Ako, nobody beats me.
Tomoe: As long as we don't forget that, we'll be able to go as far as we want.
Sayo: I see... That must be because the two of you respect each other more than anyone else.
Tomoe: Huh? Uhh... Yeah, I guess we do. Haha... O-oh, yeah, Christmas!
Sayo: ...?
Tomoe: Since it's almost Christmas, I was wondering what you and Hina-senpai do about presents every year.
Sayo: P-presents? W-well... We are planning to exchange gifts like we always do...
Sayo: But it is difficult to know whether I have chosen the right gift... She is always overjoyed, no matter what I give her...
Tomoe: Yeah, I totally get where you're coming from!
Tomoe: When you give presents regularly, it gets harder each year... You want them to be happier than the last time, so you just kind of get all worked up on your own.
Sayo: ... Yes, that is quite true.
Tomoe: I know I don't need to worry so much, but Christmas is a special day that only comes once a year...
Tomoe: It somehow makes you kinder than usual.
Tomoe: And I think it's a time for things like happiness and miracles, you know?
Sayo: Fufu... Well, it is a special time of year. Perhaps it is only natural to wish for such things.
Sayo: Speaking of miracles, when I was little, I experienced something that could be considered one...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Childhood]

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Sayo: An errand...?
Sayo ＆ Hina's Mother: Yes, do you think I could ask you to take care of it?
Sayo: Yeah, sure.
Hina: Are you going out? If you're going, I wanna go too!
Sayo: You can't come, Hina-chan. You always wander off.
Hina: But I wanna go!
Sayo ＆ Hina's Mother: Now, now, no fighting.
Sayo: We're not fighting, she's just being spoiled...
Hina: But if you're going, I wanna go too!
Sayo: Is that all you can say?
Hina: But... but I wanna go!
Sayo: Fine... Here, then.
Hina: ...? Your hand?
Sayo: Hold on to it tight. That way we won't get separated.
Hina: Ohh! You're so smart!
Sayo: Okay, Mom. We'll be going now.
Hina: Bye~!
