73_Maya Yamato_R1 Otaku Drummer

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

Maya: H-hi everyone. I'm Maya Yamato. It's nice to meet you.
Maya: U-umm... I'm the drummer for Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: ... Ah, sorry. I'm not really used to this kind of thing...
Maya: Joining the band was kind of an unexpected turn of events for me, but…
Maya: I'm so happy that I get to talk about equipment and stuff with other girls around the same age!
Maya: Just the other day, Hina-san and I were talking about effect pedals...
Maya: Oh, effect pedals are used to create different sounds with an electric guitar…
Maya: Hina-san made a terrible joke about the effect pedal circuits...
Maya: J-just thinking about it makes me... Huhehe!
Maya: ... Ahh~... Sorry. I get carried away whenever I start talking about equipment...
Maya: Chisato-san will berate me when she finds out...
Maya: I've worked as a studio musician for a while now, so I don't really know much about this idol thing...
Maya: But I'm going to do my best, and learn more and more, so I hope you'll follow the band!


<I Love Equipment!>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

Maya: Oh? What a surprise to see you on a day off.
Maya: Huh? You're wondering what I'm up to?
Maya: Just a bit of window shopping.
Maya: I was checking out a few different things... Amps, cords, speakers, you know.
Maya: Well, it's mostly equipment, huhehe...
Maya: Huh? I seem like I really enjoy talking about equipment?
Maya: Yes, of course! I love this kind of thing!
Maya: Ah... sorry...
Maya: It's kind of a strange thing to like, isn't it...?
Maya: Not at all? Really? ... Thank you.
Maya: Hehehe...
Maya: Huh? You think these headphones look expensive...?
Maya: You're quite right! These are the MY-X2000 headphones, they're a new model!
Maya: Their audio fidelity is exceptional.
Maya: Limited edition, high-end headphones instilled with tried-and-tested technologies. The all-important price is a mere-...
Maya: Ah... I'm getting a bit carried away, aren't I? Sorry...
Maya: You want to hear more? Really...?
Maya: I look happy when I talk about equipment? I-I think this is the first time anyone has said something nice about me when I get going like this.
Maya: J-just to make sure I'm not getting my wires crossed, that's a compliment, right...?
Maya: Th-thank you... That, um... makes me really happy.
Maya: Oh, look at the time... Sorry, I need to get going.
Maya: There's actually this launch event for a new speaker today! I absolutely cannot miss it...!
Maya: So having said that, I'd better go! See you next time...!
