74_Maya Yamato_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

Maya: ... Perhaps I should hold off a little during this part? But if I don't play this part hard, it won't excite the audience...
Chisato: Oh, Maya-chan. What are you watching...?
Maya: When I use the double kicks here... Wait, it's probably better to...
Chisato: Maya-chan? ... Maya-chan!
Maya: Aiieee!!
Maya: O-oh, it's you, Chisato-san. Ahh, you scared the life out of me... If you were there, you should've said something.
Chisato: I'm sorry. I didn't think I would startle you like that. What were you watching?
Maya: The recording of the show we played the other day. There were some things I wanted to review, so I asked the staff here for a copy.
Chisato: Wow. Studious as always, I see.
Maya: Oh, I'm really not doing anything special at all. Aya-san is a lot more dedicated than I am. I always feel I should try to be more like her.
 (Chisato): There's no need to be so humble.
Chisato: Everyone has their own way of being dedicated. It's not something you can simply compare between people. I think you make more than enough effort, Maya-chan.
Maya: R-really? Huhehe... I'm so happy you think that, Chisato-san. Thank you!
Chisato: I'm simply telling it as I see it.
Chisato: Anyway, it seems that there was something on your mind. What's the matter?
Maya: Well, when I'm on the drums, the frills on my skirt make it hard to play...
Chisato: Really?
Maya: When I play hard, the frills just get in the way, but then if I try too hard to hold back, the drums won't have the impact that they should...
Maya: Even if I think I handled it well, when I look at recordings like this, the fact I'm uncomfortable is written all over my face.
Chisato: I see.
Maya: There's a stressed-kind of look, even though I'm smiling...
Maya: I always try to play with a big smile on my face, but... it's not easy.
Chisato: Hmm... changing outfits is the obvious solution, but our selling point is that we are an idol band, so it's kind of expected of us to wear something like this.
Maya: That's what I was thinking...
Chisato: I know it sounds harsh, Maya-chan, but you'll just have to get used to it.
Maya: Ah, don't worry. I'm fully aware of that, so it's okay!
Chisato: Oh? If you say so... I think there is some leeway to make minor alterations to your outfit, so talk to the agency about it if you need to.
Maya: Thanks, I will!
Maya: I want to give our fans the best possible performance I can, after all...
Chisato: I understand how you feel. I'm sure you'll be able to play to the best of your ability once you get used to your skirt.
Maya: That's true...
Maya: (That reminds me, Aya-san said that an idol always smiles and helps people believe in their dreams...)
Maya: ... It's not easy being an idol, is it?
Chisato: Why do you say that?
Maya: Everyone has a problem or two in their life, right? But when an idol is in front of the audience, they always have to   smile.
Chisato: ... I don't think that's limited just to idols.
Maya: Huh?
Chisato: Everything seems okay on the surface, but deep down, they struggle and suffer. I've seen a lot of people that can be described like this.
Maya: ... You really are amazing, Chisato-san. Those words have so much more weight when you say them!
Maya: All that experience in the entertainment industry makes the difference... Hm? Wait, does that mean you're one of them?
Chisato: One of who?
Maya: The people who, you know, struggle and suffer... I mean, you always seem so calm and composed, so I can't tell at all.
Chisato: ... Who knows? I'll leave this one to your imagination, Maya-chan.
Chisato: Well, if you'll excuse me, I have something to attend to. I'll be back before the others arrive.
Maya: Ah, Chisato-san! ... She's gone.
Maya: Aww, I felt like we were starting to bond there. There's still so many things I don't know about Chisato-san...


<I Really Am An Idol...>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

Maya: This one goes here, and... okay, perfect!
Maya: ... Wait, were you there the whole time?! Don't scare me like that! You almost gave me a heart attack...
Maya: Huh? What am I doing? I was actually... doing some maintenance work on the amps!
Maya: Fiddling with the equipment like this helps me relax.
Maya: I've always been like this...
Maya: Huh? You think my stage outfit looks nice on me?
Maya: Th-that's not true! I really don't think something this cute suits me at all…
Maya: What? You don't agree?
Maya: Th-thank you... Even if you're just saying it to be nice, it makes me happy... huhehe.
Maya: ... But actually, I really meant it when I said I don't think this outfit suits me...
Maya: When I put this on, it reminds me that I'm an idol now.
Maya: Which I know is kind of contradictory, hehehe...
Maya: Life really is strange, isn't it...? I never imagined that an equipment geek like me would end up being an idol...
Maya: But you know what's stranger...? The fact that when I put this outfit on, I always feel excited to perform.
Maya: ... Huhehe.
Maya: Well, it's almost time for our show, so I think I'll get going now.
Maya: Thank you so much for listening to me today!
Maya: I feel like I'll be able to play really well now! I hope you're looking forward to the show!
