139_Maya Yamato_R2 My First Drums

<Me, A Model?!>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Man~, there was just so many things to look at!
Maya: The new remote cables, the latest cabinet amps!
Maya: And those headphones we checked out at the end, the futuristic design got me so pumped!
Maya: And not just the design, but the performance levels are all certified too!
Maya: Ahh, but the speakers we saw at the start were pretty cool too!
Maya: Surrounded by all that equipment... It was like I was in heaven~!
Eve: Yes, it was lots of fun!
Eve: Until you told me about everything, I never knew there were so many types of sound equipment, Maya-san!
Eve: Although, I'm not sure what makes each one different...
Maya: Ahh, right... I'm sorry, I was getting all excited on my own...
Eve: Oh, no! I had a lot of fun too!
Eve: It was hard to understand what you were talking about, but everything you said was so interesting that I couldn't stop listening!
Maya: R-really...? Fuhehe... I-I don't know why, but I suddenly feel embarrassed...
Eve: Besides, the two of us going shopping together is a rare event!
Eve: There's no way it couldn't be fun!
Maya: (What a dazzling smile...)
Maya: (I feel like I'm being purified...!)
Maya: You're really like a goddess, Eve-san...
Eve: Um?
Maya: Oh, uh, nothing!
Maya: Th-that reminds me, there's something I wanted to ask you. The other day at the Marmalade concert, you told us about your time as a model, right?
Eve: Oh, the other day at the concert!
Maya: That's right!
Maya: What I wanted to ask you is, were all the other models just as pretty as you?
Eve: Of course! Everyone was so beautiful!
Eve: There were people of all kinds of beauty! Some who were pretty and innocent like a child, others who were elegant and gorgeous...
Eve: Everyone was far more beautiful than me, and they all outshone me too!
Maya: There were models who outshone even you, Eve-san?!
Maya: (Even if you understate it, Eve-san is amazingly pretty... Is she saying there's plenty of people prettier than her wandering about?!)
Maya: I wish I could see that someday~...
Eve: In that case, why don't you just become a model?
Maya: Huh? Wh-what?!
Eve: You're quite pretty, Maya-chan, I'm sure you could get work in modeling!
Maya: M-me? Pretty...? I could never be a model!!
Eve: Really? You have the body, so I think a lot of different clothes and accessories would suit you.
Eve: Cute frilly outfits, or... cooler, more mature clothes...
Eve: Oh, if you're wearing glasses, I think something sexy would look great on you too!
Maya: Whaaat?!
Maya: (Me? Wearing cute clothes...? Sexy clothes...?!)
Maya: I-I really don't think I could do anything like that~!! *dash*
Eve: Ah! Maya-san?!
Eve: Hmm, I really think she would look good in that kind of thing...
Eve: ... Anyway, I should go after her!
Eve: Maya-san~! Wait for me~!


<My Role Model>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Oh, {{userName}}-san.
Maya: Are you heading out too?
Maya: I'm just on my way home from the electronics store. It was so much fun checking everything out...
Maya: Kind of like window shopping I guess.
Maya: That reminds me, the idol group that Aya-san really looks up to, Marmalade... They broke up recently.
Maya: Apparently, that group was the reason Aya-san wanted to become an idol.
Maya: After hearing that, it was kind of embarrassing, but I talked about how I met everyone in Pastel＊Palettes, and that I felt it was all because of a drummer I admired.
Maya: For Aya-san it was the idol she mentioned, and for me it was the drums, but those were our individual reasons that led us to Pastel＊Palettes...
Maya: There's always a reason for why things happen in people's lives...
Maya: If I didn't play the drums, I most likely would never have met the other members of Pastel＊Palettes, and still be living a boring life without any real merits.
Maya: It was Pastel＊Palettes who changed that boring life of mine...
Maya: Actually, it was Aya-san who changed it.
Maya: Aya-san is always so dedicated, and practices so hard just to make the fans smile.
Maya: She is like a shining light.
Maya: In the same way that Marmalade is what Aya-san defines as an idol, Aya-san is the definition of an idol in my eyes.
Maya: That won't ever change.
Maya: Aya-san said she wants to be even better than Marmalade.
Maya: So just like how Aya-san has her goal set at Marmalade, my goal is set at Aya-san.
Maya: So that someday I can be her equal...
Maya: Hehehe... this is why I'm going to keep doing my best!
