236_Maya Yamato_R4 Serious Survivor

Gacha phrase: ... Oh~! Looks like we can eat it!

<The Brainy Idol>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Pastel＊Palettes' Office]

Aya: Alrighty! Today, everyone is here so we can watch our two-hour special and review!
Chisato: We couldn't really do that much when it first aired, seeing as how everyone was so loud and excited while it was playing.
Hina: Okay then, time for the rerun. And~ play♪
Eve: Th-the deserted island! It hasn't even been that long since we've recorded this, but seeing it already fills me with nostalgia.
Maya: Wah... Just as I thought... Still embarrassing to see myself on TV, no matter how many times I see it...
Chisato: That might be true at first, but you'll have to start getting used to it, you know.
Maya: Seems like that'll take quite some time...
Aya: Ah, look! Maya-chan is doing something to that tree!
Eve: This is when we were on the mission to search for food!
Chisato: Marking the trees so that you don't get lost... I see. That's Maya-chan for you.
Aya: Mhm, mhm! I would have never thought of something like that~.
Maya: H-here we go again... You guys make me blush with all your compliments.
Aya: In comparison, there's me shouting from the mountaintop... Why did I yell 'yay'...? There had to be something better I could've said...
Maya: I-I think that was good the way it was!
Hina: Mhm, I think it was very fitting for you, no? It felt very... normal!
Aya: Ungh~, that's not supportive~...
Chisato: I hear this special has had some fairly high praise within the industry. I'm sure many more requests for roles will be coming in. Aya-chan, you guys... You all have to get used to being on TV.
Aya: M-mhm! I'll do my best!
Chisato: Speaking of, you were supposed to make a guest appearance on a game show, Maya-chan. Whatever happened to that?
Maya: That's right. I actually received the official offer already...
Eve: Really?! Congratulations, Maya-san!
Maya: But... I'm not sure if I want to do it.
Aya: What~?! Why not?! This is such a good chance for you.
Hina: If it was me, I would have told them 'yes,' right away~.
Chisato: What are you worried about?
Maya: I'm glad that everyone thinks I was so amazing during the special.
Maya: But I'm also pretty sure that I was able to do everything I did because you all were there.
Maya: So what I really want is for all of us to be on the game show, not just me by myself.
Hina: But if you do some publicizing of Pastel＊Palettes on TV, then eventually, we'll all be able to make appearances on other shows as well, right?
Chisato: Correct. Hina-chan is right.
Eve: But I understand how you feel. If I was told I had to appear on TV by myself, I would be unsure too...
Maya: What am I supposed to do...? Aya-san, what do you think?
Aya: Hmm... I want you to do it.
Maya: It really would be better for Pastel＊Palettes' popularity, huh...?
Aya: No, that's not the only reason why.
Maya: Huh...?
Aya: So, uhm... I actually think of Pastel＊Palettes as a unit created from a mix of different colors.
Aya: Maya-chan, you've also said we're a band made from different emotions smashing together, right?
Aya: I'm sure we all think the same, that we're a combination of unique personalities bumping heads.
Aya: I think that at the moment, you're trying to to find your own color from the blend we've created. Actually, I am as well.
Aya: That's why I think being on TV now can be a good opportunity for you.
Maya: Aya-san...
Aya: Maya-chan. I'm always here for you! Now you appear on that show and give it everything you've got!
Aya: I know for sure that it will make you better off, and it'll make Pastel＊Palettes better off!
Aya: ... Maybe I sound a bit full of myself though. Ehehe...
Maya: N-not at all!
Eve: You were able to communicate what we were all thinking, Aya-san!
Chisato: I have also learned a lot from you all and your different colors.
Chisato: If you're able to make your own color clearer and brighter by appearing on this show...
Chisato: I believe as companions, we will be able to influence each other in ways that we couldn't before.
Hina: I also learned a lot from being in Pastel＊Palettes and seeing how interesting everyone is because of our differences!
Hina: And after doing this recording, there are now even more fun things about you, Maya-chan! I hope you'll keep showing me new and interesting things♪
Maya: You guys... Th-thank you!
Maya: You're right. If I can find my own color and make that color shine brighter...
Maya: You all, as well as Pastel＊Palettes, will be better off!
Maya: I got it! I'll go on that game show and train myself to be better!
Eve: Wow!! Maya-san is fired up!
Aya: That's the spirit, Maya-chan!
Maya: I'll show you guys! Just you wait and see!


<Pastel＊Palettes: Maya Yamato>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Edogawa Music]

Maya: Ah, {{userName}}-san. How are you? Are you here to do some shopping?
Maya: ... Hm? The TV special from the other day...? You mean... What~?!?!
Maya: S-sorry about that! You just sorta caught me off guard there...
Maya: So you watched the deserted island special too, huh?
Maya: The store employee just told me that they watched it as well, but I just can't get used to this type of thing...
Maya: Ah, you enjoyed it? Thank you!
Maya: That's a relief, hearing you say that...
Maya: Yeah, that was my first time doing a recording for TV, so I was really nervous!
Maya: Not to mention it was two hours long. Two. Hours!! Oh man, my heart starts racing just thinking about the moment it was broadcasted, even now...
Maya: Hmm, apparently when we were recording, I was so pumped up that I didn't feel anything, not even how tired I was...
Maya: But the moment we stopped and I returned home, it was obvious how tired I actually was, and before I knew it, it was the next morning. I was knocked out.
Maya: Still, I could've never imagined I'd go to a deserted island.
Maya: Without that opportunity, it's certainly not a place I'd chose to go to on my own. I feel like it was a great experience!
Maya: No, no way! I didn't do much, really!
Maya: I pretty much just did whatever I could! That's all!
Maya: ... I was happy to receive so many compliments from the other band members, though.
Maya: ... Until recently, it felt kind of weird for me to be part of Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: Not to mention, I wasn't even an official member, originally. I only played a backstage role.
Maya: And compared to the other girls, I'm not really the idol type, nor am I as cute...
Maya: ... Yeah, everyone says that's not true, too...
Maya: But, still... I don't feel like I'm completely there yet...
Maya: Like I'm not really doing much for the band outside of actually playing music...
Maya: So I've had the same thoughts, over and over, about whether I really fit well into the group...
Maya: However, with this TV shoot, things changed a little bit!
Maya: I got a better sense of what exactly I can do for Pastel＊Palettes...
Maya: And I can see a bit better what I should be doing for the band...
Maya: So for me, that experience was very valuable!
Maya: That's why from now on, I want to do whatever I can to make TV appearances and things like that!
Maya: Because I'm a member of Pastel＊Palettes too! I'll let everyone know about us!
Maya: Actually, this is just between the two of us, but I actually received an offer to appear on a game show...
Maya: I was a little bit worried about it at first, but all the girls gave me their support.
Maya: So I don't care if it's a variety show or a drama or whatever! I'll still give it my best shot!
Maya: Of course, the same goes for music as well! Since Pastel＊Palettes is both a group of idols and a band!
Maya: ... That reminds me. We haven't ever really talked about music before, have we?
Maya: Even though it seems like we'd be able to have a good conversation. That's unfortunate... I do have experience with equipment and stuff...
Maya: I-if you don't mind, could we talk about music someday?!
Maya: Like about how the equipment at CiRCLE works~, or about the amps you're interested in~, stuff like that! Huhehe...
Maya: I imagine I'll be coming to CiRCLE and you'll all be helping us out for quite a while, so I'd love to!
Maya: Awesome! Thank you! I look forward to it!
Maya: ... Up until this point, I might not have ever asked you about equipment or anything like that.
Maya: It's possible that being on that island helped me grow. Like maybe I have a little more confidence, or I've become more proactive... Or maybe I'm getting a bit carried away! Huhehe, sorry!
Maya: Ah, you have a meeting after this! Alright...
Maya: I hope you'll keep supporting me and Pastel＊Palettes!
Maya: You think that was idol-like? I wanted to give it a shot!
Maya: I'm glad to hear you say that. Thank you.
