416_Maya Yamato_R4 Eureka! Treasure!

Gacha phrase: Isn't what you want to do the most important thing here?

<Aspiring Idol>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Aya: Good morning~, Maya-chan!
Maya: Good morning, Aya-san! You're here early!
Aya: Ehehe, actually, I was looking at this at home and I just couldn't wait for practice any longer.
Maya: Looking at what...? Ahh, you mean the posts online!
Aya: Yup! I've been reading everyone's thoughts on the event we had the other day~!
Aya: It went so well thanks to Eve-chan, and it makes reading our fans' impressions especially fun!
Maya: Huhehe, I know what you mean! Can we look together?
Aya: Sure! We can learn a lot from reading other people's opinions. Let's look through what we can while we wait for everyone else!
Maya: Thank you!
Maya: Oh~, I can't believe so many people are writing reports about the event!
Aya: I know~! And everyone focuses on different things, so it's really helpful~!
Maya: Whoa, look at what this person wrote...! They even knew about the part of our last performance that was arranged by me...
Maya: Our fans sure do pay attention to everything we do...
Aya: For fans, missing even the smallest detail is unthinkable. That's how much love and support they have for idols.
Maya: Is that what it is?
Aya: Yeah. I love idols myself, so I kind of understand how they feel.
Maya: I see. It's kind of like a peek into the mind of a fan.
Aya: It's also why whenever something happens I'll post about it right away.
Aya: So if I bought something or did anything that day, I'll put it on social media~! Fans love seeing that kind of stuff!
Maya: I'll just have to follow your example then! From now on, I'll add even more pictures of equipment I-
Aya: Ah, w-wait, Maya-chan! Actually, I've been wanting to talk to you about this for a while now...
Maya: Wh-what is it?
Aya: Are you really going to upload another picture of equipment?! That will make this the fifth post in a row!
Maya: R-really...?
Aya: Yes, really~! See for yourself!
Maya: Y-you're right... Every time I find a new interesting piece of equipment, I always feel like I have to post about it.
Maya: Th-this is bad, isn't it...?
Aya: Now I wouldn't say that... Oh, how about every once in a while, you post a more idol-like photo?!
Maya: Huh?! Those pictures of equipment weren't idol-like?!
Aya: Of course not! It looks an electronics shop's account! In fact, you put the actual electronics shops to shame!
Maya: I-I see...! I'll be more careful...!
Maya: ... I have to admit though, now that you mention it, I'm not sure what we would classify as an idol-like photo...
Aya: Heh heh heh... Leave it to me! I'll teach you!
Maya: Y-yes please!
Aya: If you want something really idol-like, selfies are the way to go!
Maya: S-selfies...? I don't know. They're kind of embarrassing...
Aya: How can you say that, Maya-chan?! Your fans want to see pictures of you, too. Not just pictures of equipment!
Maya: If you're that sure about it... Alright, I'll give it a shot!
Maya: H-how's this look?
Aya: Yeah, your expression's a little tense, but looks good to me~! Better post it right away!
Maya: Okay! Uhm... "We have practice today. I will do everything I can to provide you all with the best performance possible, so please-"
Aya: Stop right there, Maya-chan!
Maya: Did I do something wrong again?
Aya: Why are you being so formal~?! We have to rewrite this to be more like an idol!
Maya: This is how I always write though...
Aya: Let me handle this! I'll think up something good!
Maya: Th-thank you!
Aya: You can count on me! Just add this, and... There! Perfect!
Maya: Thank you so much! Let's see... "Hey hey~♪ It's me, Maya~! We've got band practice later~! I'm gonna do my best!"
Maya: S-so this is how an idol writes!
Aya: Yeah! Your fans are going to love it~!
Maya: A-alright! Then here goes nothing... Posted!
Aya: Ah, they don't miss a beat! Look at all the comments! Lemme see...
Aya: "Maya-chan, is everything okay?" "Did your account get hacked?" "I don't usually comment, but I'm worried..."
Maya: Oh no, everyone's freaking out...
Aya: What?! Why~?! That post was super idol-like, it should have been fine!
Maya: Hahaha, I think it was too sudden of a change...
Maya: Still, thanks to you, I think I understand idols just a little bit more! Thank you!
Aya: Well, as long as I was able to do that, I'm happy~!
Maya: You did! I'll try harder to make my posts more idol-like from now on!


<The Same Feeling>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Downtown]

Maya: ... Huhe, huhehe.
Maya: ... Whoa! {{userName}}-san! How long have you been there?!
Maya: S-sorry... I didn't notice you at all...
Maya: Y-you heard me laughing?! Urgh, how embarrassing...
Maya: It's just, I was looking at this poster, and can't help but smile...
Maya: What do you think? It's an advertisement for our release event.
Maya: You see, we're doing one around here the day after tomorrow.
Maya: So the people downtown put up all these posters for us... It makes me happy to see.
Maya: It's just a little weird to see posters of ourselves throughout town like this.
Maya: ... Wait, I'm starting to feel like I always the same thing!
Maya: Still, now that I'm looking at it again, I feel like the person on this poster is a complete stranger to me. It's strange...
Maya: This girl in the poster, she looks like a real idol... Well, I mean, I guess I am a real idol.
Maya: But even if I was standing here like this, you'd never guess I was the person on this poster.
Maya: It's likely that anyone else would think I'm a completely different person...
Maya: You don't think so? Thank you for saying that. I know you're being considerate.
Maya: With Chisato-san or Eve-san, though, they have this aura about them. People would recognize them right away, and it'd be a madhouse around here!
Maya: I think it'd be better if I gave off a similar aura, just a little bit.
Maya: Ah, that reminds me. Did you hear about our last event, {{userName}}-san?
Maya: That's right, there was a lot of trouble brewing among our fans...
Maya: In the end, though, Eve-san was able to bring everyone together with a heartfelt speech.
Maya: You think so too? I agree, Eve-san's really cool!
Maya: Even though she had some trouble in the beginning, she didn't give up and held fast to her beliefs. She's so amazing!
Maya: Eve-san really treasures her "comrades," and she's strong enough to stand up for what she believes in... Just like the warriors she aspires to be like!
Maya: Ah, but of course, I love Pastel＊Palettes just as much as Eve-san!
Maya: I don't think I could give such a passionate and moving speech like she did though...
Maya: Still, I want to support Pastel＊Palettes in my own special way!
Maya: Huhehe, thanks for your support! I'll do my best!
Maya: ... Ah, wait! I have something I wanted to give you!
Maya: They're flyers for our next event!
Maya: Oh, so you'll place them around CiRCLE? Thank you so much!
Maya: It's sure to be a lot of fun, so please feel free to stop by!
