456_Maya Yamato_R3 What an Idol Is

Gacha phrase: I want to find the answer with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes.

<Because I Don't Get It>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Awesome, looks like this cable's still hanging in there!
Hina: Whatcha doing, Maya-chan~?
Maya: Thanks for always providing us with such a great sound, little guy! You give us so much range too~!
Hina: Maya-chan~?
Maya: Huhehe, I can't wait to see you in action again tomorrow!
Hina: Maya-chan~!
Maya: Whoa! H-Hina-san?! How long have you been there?!
Hina: Ahaha. For a while now~. Maya-chan, you were off in your own little world there~!
Maya: Aw, jeez, this is embarrassing... I just got so absorbed...
Hina: You always look like you're having so much fun when you're working on our equipment~! Hey, what's that thing do?
Maya: It's a tester. I'm using it to measure the resistance of these instrument cables.
Maya: Cables wear out over time. If you keep using them, the amount of energy wasted increases and the sound produced gets weaker.
Hina: Wow~, I didn't know that! So there's more to it than just plugging it in.
Maya: Even with an amazing guitar, if you use a worn out cable, you're not going to get the sound you want. That's why maintenance is so important!
Hina: Ahaha! You've got that sparkle in your eyes again, Maya-chan~.
Maya: Huhehe... I just love playing with the equipment.
Hina: Do you ever find things you don't know the answer to?
Maya: Of course! Whenever I find something about equipment that I'm unsure of, I get so excited and look it up right away!
Hina: I see~, that way you keep learning more and more stuff!
Maya: It's just a force of habit. If there's something I don't understand, I just want to know more about it!
Maya: It's fun learning about things you don't know.
Hina: Aha! I'm the same way! Remember when we were talking before the idol show? About how not understanding things is fun?
Maya: Not understanding things is fun... I see! Now I get it! I always enjoy myself when I'm learning new things.
Hina: I know~! The unknown is so entertaining.
Maya: Ah, that reminds me! Have you heard about that world famous violin?
Hina: Huh? What world famous violin? Tell me~!
Maya: I heard there's this 18th-century violin that gives off an amazing tone.
Maya: Researchers had been studying it to figure out the secret behind that tone for a while. After all sorts of professionals looked it over, they concluded that the secret was in the varnish.
Hina: The varnish? Isn't that just the shiny coating?
Maya: It seems they thought that the varnish had some sort of secret ingredient in it.
Hina: So what was in it?
Maya: That's just it! The varnish used was completely normal! Nothing special to it at all!
Hina: Oh~! That's so cool! So then what was the secret behind its sound?
Maya: Well, you see...
Hina: Yeah?
Maya: Nobody knows.
Hina: No one?! Aw~, now I really wanna know~!
Maya: It makes you curious, doesn't it? At the same time, there's something so fantastical about an unsolved mystery. It's so exciting~!
Maya: That must be what you mean when you say not understanding something is fun.
Hina: I see~. I really wanna know though! Maybe if they did just a little more research, they'd figure it out.
Maya: An unsolved mystery is just as fun as solving one, isn't it?
Maya: If you look at it that way, being in Pastel＊Palettes is pretty exciting too. We get to keep learning and thinking about what it means to be an idol.
Hina: That's right! Being in Pastel＊Palettes really is interesting!
Maya: I'm still not sure I can make it as an idol in Pastel＊Palettes...  I am sure that I want to keep on learning new stuff while I try though!
Hina: And thinking about whether you'll figure it out or not is super interesting too~!
Maya: Huhehe... I can't see into the future, but I hope you'll keep helping me out, Hina-san!


<Maya's Idol Training>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Downtown]

Maya: {{userName}}-san?
Maya: Ah, I knew it! I thought you looked familiar... You're coming back from running errands? You sure work hard!
Maya: Huh? Why am I holding all these magazines? Huhehe...
Maya: You see, I've decided to study idols a little more!
Maya: Ah, maybe "study" is the wrong word. I just want to know more about idols.
Maya: And these are my research materials!
Maya: There are so many idols all over the world... They're all so different, with everyone standing onstage for different reasons...
Maya: They're all pretty amazing...!
Maya: ... Why do I want to study them?
Maya: You were at our last concert, right...? That show really opened my mind, in more ways than one.
Maya: And it wasn't just me. We all changed after that show, in a good way.
Maya: You thought we were awesome? Huhehe... Thank you!
Maya: Personally, I thought it was far from perfect, but I'm glad you felt that way!
Maya: ... I'm still not sure what an idol is, or what kind of idol I can be.
Maya: I think that's interesting too though! How do I put this...?
Maya: Maybe not knowing something is fun? Or maybe I look forward to learning more about the unknown?
Maya: Going down a new path is always interesting...
Maya: When I imagine what lies ahead or what I'll see at the end of it, I get so excited!
Maya: The view from the stage during our concert is still burned into my memory...
Maya: Words can't describe how beautiful it was...!
Maya: I could feel what everyone else in Pastel＊Palettes was feeling, and tears welled up in my eyes... It was hard to hold back.
Maya: All sorts of emotions came surging up to the surface. I suppose that's what they mean when they say "soul-stirring"...
Maya: And I have Pastel＊Palettes to thank for that experience!
Maya: Do I like being in Pastel＊Palettes? ... Yes, of course!
Maya: Pastel＊Palettes and everyone in it are very precious to me. I love them!
Maya: And I want to continue holding them dear... from the bottom of my heart!
Maya: ... Ah. I'm sorry, I'm rambling now... Huhehe, sorry.
Maya: Yes! I'd love to see you at our next concert. I think the quality of our performances has gone way up, if I do say so myself!
Maya: In order for us to achieve our dream of the perfect concert, I've got to keep working hard!
