735_Maya Yamato_R3 Undersea Aquarium

<Hina's Secret Swimming Skill>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Beach]

Eve: ... Phew, that made for an excellent training session! What did you think, Maya-san? Swimming that far from shore was absolutely exhilarating!
Maya: I can't swim that far out, myself. I was shocked at how good of a swimmer you are, Eve-san!
Eve: It is all thanks to the secret swimming technique that Hina-san taught me last year!
Maya: No, I don't think I could swim like that, no matter how many secret techniques you crammed into my head.
Eve: Fufufu, it must have been the result of my training, then!
Eve: However, I truly do believe that all of the credit goes to what Hina-san taught me!
Maya: Hearing you speak so highly of it has sparked my curiosity...
Eve: Though I am still a mere novice, I will gladly impart my knowledge onto you!
Maya: Wow, would you?! Yes, please!
Eve: It is quite simple! You only need to use the following three phrases! If you can remember them, the ocean will be yours!
Maya: I-is that really all it takes?! What might those phrases be...?
Eve: Listen carefully! Ton, pi, sui-sui~!
Maya: ... Huh? 'Ton, pi'... Sorry, could you repeat that?
Eve: Ton, pi, sui-sui~! Simple, is it not?
Maya: Y-yes, it does seem easy to remember, but... I am still having trouble seeing the practical application of those words...
Maya: Moreover, they do seem very, uhm, imaginative... as one would expect from Hina-san...
Eve: Hrmmm, perhaps I did a poor job of explaining things...
Eve: Very well, I will simply show you how it is done. Please watch what I do!
Eve: Here we go~! Ton, pi, sui-sui~... Ton, pi, sui-sui~...
Maya: Wow, what skilled movement... Uh, so the "ton" is striking the water's surface, the "pi" is for elongating the body... and then...
Eve: Sui-sui, Maya-san! It is done like this!
Maya: U-uhhh... elongate the body, and then... the "sui-sui" represents that specific hand movement there...?
Eve: Now do you understand? Come, Maya-san! Join me in practicing! Ready, and... Ton, pi, sui-sui~!
Maya: T-ton... pi... s-sui-sui~... H-how was that? Was I able to do it?
Hina: You're way off, Maya-chan. That's more like "ton, guh, bachan~" or something!
Maya: Huh?! I-it certainly felt like a proper "ton, pi, sui-sui" to me...
Hina: Maya-chan, you're way too tense~. There's no way you can sui-sui like that.
Maya: Should I try relaxing more? It's true that Eve-san seemed much more fluid in her motions...
Hina: Okay, so right after you ton, you pi like this, yeah? And then, just sui-sui to follow it up.
Eve: Outstanding, Hina-san! Your instructions are so clear and simple!
Maya: E-Eve-san certainly seems to have this all figured out... I'm at a total loss, unfortunately...
Hina: That reminds me, I recently found out that it's actually faster if you ton, pa, sui instead.
Eve: Really?! This is a major discovery!
Maya: So the "pi" and "pa" are completely different, then...
Hina: I'll show you! Here goes~... Ton, pa, sui~... Ton, pa, sui~... Like that!
Eve: I would also like to try! Ton, pa, sui~... Oh~! Yes, this is much faster!
Maya: A-amazing... Eve-san was able to decipher all of that... And she actually did move more quickly!
Hina: You should give it a shot, Maya-chan~. It's probably a lot easier than you think.
Maya: D-do you think so? O-okay, then... Ton, pa, sui~... Ton, pa... s-sui~...
Hina: Hmmm, you're still kind of off. That's "ton, pa, suu~," and that won't get you anywhere.
Maya: ... 'Ton, pa, suu~'...? Uh-oh.. I-I think I've confused myself...
Hina: Hm, I wonder why it's so tough for you. Eve-chan can do it with no problem~.
Eve: I think it may be best if she went back to "ton, pi, sui-sui~," the basic technique!
Maya: Hahaha, I think all of this is beyond my current skill level, so I will practice over here while I watch you!
Eve: Understood! If you require any assistance, please do not hesitate to ask!
Maya: Wow, I'm impressed with how imaginative those two are... I don't think I'm prepared to enter such a world yet...
Maya: ...
Maya: Ton, pi, sui-sui~... Ah, that's not right... Er, uh... Ton, pa, sui~...?
Maya: Hmmm... Yeah, this is difficult...


<Summer Maintenance>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Edogawa Music]

Maya: Hello, you two! Nice to see you! Are you here to buy something?
Marina: Good afternoon, Maya-chan! We came to pick up some maintenance equipment.
Maya: What a coincidence! I came to purchase some grease and cleaning cloths.
Maya: Instruments are especially prone to damage during these humid months, so it is important to take proper care of them.
Marina: Your group often plays outdoors, so I can only imagine how much of a hassle that must be.
Maya: Exactly... Simply playing is enough to work up a sweat, and the heat certainly doesn't help matters...
Maya: Moisture is an instrument's worst enemy. Unfortunately, this means that cleaning cloths don't last very long.
Maya: Then again, the attention and care I have to give is a sign of my attachment to them, I suppose.
Marina: Sounds like you've got your hands full~. Have they been giving you any time off?
Maya: Yes, actually! The other day, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes went on a group trip to the beach!
Maya: Thinking back, the old me would have never gone to the beach for summer vacation. I am not exactly the outdoor type...
Maya: This most recent trip was a lot of fun, though. I am certain it was because we were all there together.
Marina: The five of you have such a good relationship, so it's very easy to imagine how much fun you must have had.
Maya: I-is that so? Huhehe... I'm glad that you feel that way about us.
Maya: Oh, that reminds me... I, uh... have a question that I wanted to ask...
Marina: Oh? What might that be?
Maya: Well, I was wondering... Do you notice any sunburnt areas on me?
Marina: Sunburn? Ah... Now that you mention it, there is a bit of red around the base of your neck.
Maya: Uh-oh! I knew it! Th-this is bad...
Maya: Chisato-san was very strict in warning me that, as an idol, I should try my best to avoid getting sunburnt...
Maya: I made sure to apply plenty of sunscreen beforehand! But despite my best effort, I found that red blotch...
Marina: Yeah, it sometimes doesn't show up right away and only appears on the next day.
Maya: Ngh, Chisato-san is sure to scold me for this...
Marina: It may be a good idea to apply some kind of moisturizer and see if that helps.
Maya: You may be right... Proper maintenance is the key to preserving one's health... People are exactly like instruments... I'll need to be more careful in the future...
