764_Maya Yamato_R3 For a New Attempt

Gacha phrase: It was Hina-san who said that to me, too.

<Boppin' From Maya>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: No one's here yet... I guess I got here a little too early.
Maya: I'll just take this time to go over today's practice and-
Hina: Maya-chan! Hello~!
Maya: Ah, Hina-san! I didn't know you were here!
Hina: Huh? Where is everybody?
Maya: Chisato-san has another job, so it seems she's going to be late. Aya-san and Eve-san should be here shortly.
Hina: Gotcha~. Maybe I should have stayed at school a little longer for student council then.
Maya: Did you have student council again today? That sounds rough.
Hina: I sure did~. I was working hard with Tsugu-chan!
Hina: We're gonna make the school even more boppin'♪ than it already is~.
Maya: I see. That sounds like quite the task. You have my full support!
Hina: Thanks, Maya-chan. Ah, actually, is there anything you'd like to see happen at school?
Maya: School, huh? Hmm~, I don't know. I already enjoy school as it is, so nothing really comes to mind...
Hina: It doesn't have to be huge! Anything's fine!
Maya: Well... In that case...
Maya: I've noticed a few of the desks and some of the cleaning supplies are getting old. So I suppose I'd like to see the school get new ones.
Maya: I've also heard that the parking lot for bicycles is really small. A lot of students commute to school, so it'd be nice to see it expanded.
Hina: I see, I see~. Those aren't very boppin'♪ suggestions though~.
Maya: Huh?
Hina: Those ideas are just a bit boring, that's all. Don't you have any boppin'♪ ideas?
Maya: Something boppin'♪, huh...?
Maya: Ah, in that case, what if the school took us to see a play done by a professional performance troupe?
Hina: Oh, that sounds fun!
Maya: I'd love to expose more people to the magic of the stage, so by all means, make it happen!
Hina: Yeah, we'll have to bring it up to the school~! What else?
Maya: Let's see~... I'd love to be able to use real stage equipment for the theater club's next performance.
Hina: Now that sounds boppin'♪ What kind of equipment do you want~?!
Maya: If we had something that shot out flames or water, our performances would be much more interesting!
Hina: Whoa~! That sounds amazing! I'm getting excited just thinking about it~!
Maya: ... There's no way that can happen though~. Huhehe, I guess I got a little carried away. Although, someday I'd like to work on a play like that.
Hina: Huh? Why wouldn't it happen? If it sounds fun, let's do it!
Maya: ... What?
Hina: Besides, a play like that would make everyone feel extra boppin'♪
Maya: N-no! Wait just a minute...
Hina: In that case, I'll have Tsugu-chan make all the necessary documents and-
Maya: Huh?! W-wait! You're going to have Hazawa-san write everything?
Hina: Sure, why not?
Hina: Tsugu-chan always does her best to make things happen. She sure is reliable~.
Maya: H-Hazawa-san... Her job sounds rough...
Hina: Ah, I've got it! Once everyone gets here, I can ask them for ideas too! Just thinking about what kind of ideas they'll come up with has me feeling boppin'♪
Maya: Ah, wait, Hina-san! I was joking before!
Maya: I don't want to give Hazawa-san more work than she needs! Let me think it over again!
Maya: Please, forget I said anything!


<Like-Mindedness>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Residential Area]

Maya: {{userName}}-san, hello! What a coincidence running into you here!
Maya: Me? I'm on my way to Hazawa Coffee!
Maya: Hazawa-san asked me to help with something for student council yesterday.
Maya: She and Hina-san are doing all sorts of things to improve the school right now.
Maya: They're working hard to make school a fun place for everyone.
Maya: They got the cafeteria to do a buffet once a month, and even improved the lunchtime broadcast...
Maya: So I'm hoping today I'll get to return the favor by helping out!
Maya: By the way, I was really impressed with Hazawa-san after hearing about all the things she and Hina-san are doing for the school.
Maya: I mean, sometimes Hina-san comes up with ridiculous ideas and plans, doesn't she?
Maya: Evidently, that tendency is what started all the changes they're making.
Maya: I'm sure it was difficult to turn Hina-san's ideas into something that could be presented to the school's staff.
Maya: And you know what? She managed to make all of Hina-san's ideas reality!
Maya: I work with Hina-san a lot as an idol, so I can usually tell what she's trying to say.
Maya: But even I would have trouble figuring out how to make a proposal out of her ideas.
Maya: Which makes it even more impressive that Hazawa-san was able to do just that.
Maya: I guess you could call her the unsung hero of the student council...
Maya: Huh? I'm an unsung hero in my own way?
Maya: Ahaha, you're probably right!
Maya: Maybe that's why she asked me for help. We're both going through the same thing.
Maya: It also sounds like both of us have changed thanks to Hina-san.
Maya: I'm sure Hazawa-san and I are going to get even closer thanks to that!
Maya: Ah, you think so too?
Maya: ... Ah, I didn't mean to keep you here for so long. Sorry to bother you on your way home.
Maya: Alright, I'm headed to Hazawa Coffee, so I'll be going this way. Thanks for chatting with me!
