843_Maya Yamato_R4 Tempering Time☆

Gacha phrase: Made perfectly! Not a second or a degree off!

<Plans to Go Out>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Agency]

Maya: Hmmm... None of these are any good.
Aya & Eve: Good morning!
Maya: Good morning, everyone!
Chisato: Oh, you're by yourself, Maya-chan. Where's Hina-chan?
Maya: Hina-san has a student-council meeting, so I think she'll get here just before we begin.
Aya: You were staring at your phone pretty intensely. What's wrong?
Maya: Well, you know how we're planning to go out together in the near future? I was doing a little research on where we could go.
Eve: You mean next Sunday! I did not think our days off would overlap this quickly!
Chisato: Now that you mention it, we haven't decided anything apart from what we're eating, have we?
Aya: Um, aren't we going to the buffet place and the boomin' burgers place? I hope there's something fun we can do nearby~.
Maya: That's what I was thinking, so I started looking into it, but... I haven't found anything worth mentioning.
Aya: And we can look at clothes in the mall whenever we want anyway.
Eve: Since we are all going out together for the first time in a while, it would be nice to go somewhere different for a change.
Chisato: Then why don't we broaden our search a little? We might find something good.
Aya: Yeah, let's do that! Err... Ah, what about this?
Aya: Here, look at this website! It says you can make your own accessories.
Maya: Like an accessory workshop? These kinds of activities are pretty fun to do every once and a while.
Eve: Nice one, Aya-san! I want to make matching accessories with you all!
Aya: I'm glad I could be helpful~. So, if Hina-chan's okay with this, should I book it?
Chisato: It does look rather interesting, but... it's a little far.
Aya: What?! Is it?!
Eve: Ah, you are right! We would have to change trains quite a few times!
Maya: It would take up the majority of our time just getting there.
Aya: Just when I thought I found a good place... Sigh, what a shame.
Maya: Maybe they have a similar event somewhere closer. Let me have a quick look!
Maya: ... Ah! Wh-what about this?
Eve: Did you find something, Maya-san?
Maya: W-well, I certainly found something, but... I don't think you guys would enjoy this very much...
Aya: You can't say that for sure without showing us. Lemme see, lemme see.
Maya: A-alright... It's this one...
Chisato: "A History of Manufacturing at The Museum of Music"?
Maya: Yes. They're showcasing all of the musical equipment that this well-known music manufacturer has produced since its inception.
Maya: It's only being held for a limited time, but it actually starts next Sunday...
Aya: This manufacturer is really famous, right? I see their name a lot at music stores.
Maya: Yes, they are the most famous! I'd even go so far as to say that the music industry would not be what it is today without this company!
Aya: Th-that much?
Maya: Yes! They make guitars, basses, keyboards, drums, and even speakers and mixers!
Maya: Lots of musical equipment originate from them! And the fact that you can now see the history and evolution of their manufacturing techniques is just... Huhehe, I'm getting excited thinking about it.
Aya: Oh~, so they're that amazing. Then let's go there!
Maya: Huh...? What?! C-can we really?!
Aya: Yeah. You want to go, right, Maya-chan? If you enjoy it, I'm sure we all will too.
Maya: B-but you guys wouldn't have much fun looking at equipment...
Chisato: That's not necessarily the case. We're around instruments all the time at work, so there's no harm in learning more about them.
Eve: I would like to go too! I want you to guide me around the museum!
Aya: Ah, that could be fun! It'd all be way easier to understand if Maya-chan guided us.
Maya: I-I'm glad you all think that way, but we still have to ask Hina-san...
Eve: It will be fine! I am sure Hina-san will agree with us!
Hina: Morning! Has the meeting begun already?
Eve: You are just in time, Hina-san! Would you like to go to the Museum of Music next Sunday?
Aya: Apparently, they have instruments, recording equipment, and all sorts of other stuff!
Hina: Ooo, that sounds cool! Maya-chan, you'll explain everything while we're there, right? Can't wait♪
Chisato: Hehe. See?
Maya: O-okay... It's settled! I will be your museum guide! I'll do my best!


<Hina-Certification Level, Up☆>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Phew, we're finally back. Who knew the owner would send us on an errand so far away?
Maya: Oh? If it isn't {{userName}}-san and Marina-san. Hello!
Marina: Ah, hello, Maya-chan. What're you doing here?
Maya: I'm meeting up with Hina-san. We have a job together, so I thought we could head there together.
Marina: Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is so close, you even go to jobs together. That's a really good thing♪
Maya: Huhehe, thank you. ... Huh?
Maya: Ah, a message from Hina-san. Hmm...
Marina: Did she arrive already?
Maya: No, she just sent me this.
Marina: Let's see... "I found a boppin' new scent♪ I'm gonna investigate!"...?
Marina: Wh-what does that mean? What's a "boppin' new scent"?
Maya: I think she probably found the new aroma-oils store near the station.
Maya: ... Ah, I was right. Take a look at this.
Maya: Along with the message, "I bought some for you too," she sent me a picture of the aroma oils.
Marina: S-so she did.
Maya: To think that she even bought some for me... She really shouldn’t have.
Marina: That was impressive, Maya-chan. You really understood what her message meant.
Maya: Hmm, maybe it's because I've been thinking about Hina-san a lot recently. I might actually understand her better now.
Marina: Oh? Why have you been thinking about her so much?
Maya: We did a segment on All Fun and Games TV where we made chocolates for Hina-san.
Maya: So we had to brainstorm what kind of chocolates Hina-san considers to be "boppidy bop boppin'."
Marina: "Boppidy bop boppin' " ...? Is that different from... just "boppin' "? Th-that sounds sort of difficult.
Maya: It was. The way Hina-san thinks is unexpected, or rather, she often thinks of things that we wouldn't, don't you agree?
Marina: Yeah, she sometimes makes me think, "oh, that's an interesting idea~."
Maya: It's the same for me. Well, this time, we had the chance to kind of investigate her way of thinking. Thanks to that, we... How should I put this...?
Maya: I might be exaggerating, but I think we grew a little, and I feel like I was able to broaden my horizons.
Marina: So you were able to tackle this project in a fulfilling way. In that case, I bet the chocolates turned out nicely too then.
Maya: Yes, we put everything we had into making them! Hina-san was very happy with them, so that was a relief!
Marina: Just as I thought! This is just a guess, but I bet Hina-chan's eyes lit up when you gave her the chocolates. Did you notice?
Maya: Oh~! You understand her so well. That's amazing!
Marina: Fufu. we didn't spend so much time with her to learn nothing~. Hehe♪
Maya: Ahaha, fair enough. ... Huh?
Maya: Ah, Hina-san has arrived. I'd better get going too. I'll see you at CiRCLE!
