945_Maya Yamato_R4 Watery Mischief

Gacha phrase: Ahaha, looks like they're getting excited again.

<The Small Florist Part 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: We get to be in a morning kid's show?! All of us?!
Hina: I think I've heard of "I Love Mornings!" It's a show that's been going on for a while, right?
Chisato: Yes. It's also very popular... Everyone our age has likely seen it at least once.
Aya: I used to watch it when I was little! The mascots are so wondrous and cute, aren't they?
Eve: This program must be special to you then, Aya-san! I am sure you cannot wait to demonstrate your prowess~!
Maya: So, what are we going to be expected to do...?
Staff: Your job will be to play with the children.
Chisato: Play with the children... Will that be all?
Staff: Yes. There's a segment where children get to play with the idols and musicians they want to meet.
Staff: Your priority will be to ensure the children have a good time. The showrunners have stated they just want to be able to film you and the children having fun together.
Maya: I love how the idea is to make sure the kids enjoy themselves.
Aya: Yeah! Let's make sure the kids have a ton of fun!
Eve: Yes!
Hina: What makes little kids feel boppin', though~? I have no idea~.
Hina: Hey, Aya-chan, could you show me how to play with little kids?
Aya: Of course! But why are you asking me?
Hina: Because you're pretty childish. You seem like you'd know how to play with kids.
Aya: That's only because I'm used to playing with my little sister!
Maya: Ahaha. I honestly don't know if I can do a good job. I haven't had much experience with kids either...
Maya: But I'm just as determined to succeed as the rest of you! After all, I'm also an idol, so I need to be able to handle jobs like this!
Hina: I don't think you need to overthink it so much~.
Hina: Oh yeah! If you're that worried, why don't you join me? We can both learn how to play with kids from Aya-chan! I bet things will be more boppin' that way♪
Maya: Oh~, that's a great idea! Please teach me, Aya-san!
Aya: Huh?! I guess I can't just turn you two away when you're counting on me...
Aya: Okay! We can practice playing until it's time for the show! Let's do our best, Maya-chan, Hina-chan!
Hina & Maya: Mmhmm♪  Yeah!
Chisato: ... How are you supposed to practice playing...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day of the Show]

[Park]

Aya: Hi, everyone! We're Pastel＊Palettes!
Child 1: Wow, it's Aya-chan~!
Child 2: You're all so cute~!
Chisato: I was worried things might be a bit awkward at first, but it looks like everything will be okay.
Hina: Maya-chan doesn't look that okay, though.
Maya: Wh-what are you saying, Hina-san? I-I'm also perfectly fine!
Maya: (I was able to practice thanks to Aya-san. Everything is going to be fine... probably.)
Maya: Don't be nervous, Maya Yamato. Everything will be okay. Just take a deep breath and... Onward!
(Black cut)
Child 1: Hey, let's play over there next!
Child 2: Okay! Maya-chan, Eve-chan, see you later~!
Maya: See you later!
Eve: Fufu. The children look like they are having fun!
Maya: I think I got too carried away and confused them, though...
Maya: But all things considered, I think I've been doing all right. Let's go to where Aya-san and the others are after we take a quick bre-
Child 3: ...
Eve: Is something the matter, Maya-san?
Maya: Oh, um, no. It's that child over there...
Maya: They've been sitting in the corner this whole time. Now that I have some time, I was thinking I could, um... maybe go and say hi to them...
Eve: Have they really been by themselves this whole time?! I had not noticed at all.
Eve: I cannot believe you were able to notice them so fast. You are amazing, Maya-san!
Maya: I-it's nothing, really!
Maya: Could you come say hi with me? I'd feel better with you at my side, Eve-san.
(Black cut)
Maya: Hi. Are you resting here?
Child 3: Hm? Ah... Maya-chan.
Eve: I am here, too!
Maya: We're also looking for a place to rest. I'm glad there's a nice quiet place like this.
Maya: ... Do you think we could talk?
Child 3: Ummm... Uhhh... O-okay...
Maya: Huhehe, thank you very much!


<The Small Florist Part 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Park]

Maya: Wow, everyone's so full of energy.
Eve: Yes, they look like they are really enjoying themselves!
Child 3: ...
Maya: Umm... Would you like to come with us and join everyone?
Child 3: I... I'm too slow and not very good at playing... That's why I always just watch.
Maya: I see... Haha, I know what that's like.
Child 3: You do?
Maya: Yes. I was never very good at physical activities like running either.
Maya: I always liked things I could do inside, like playing with clay and toy blocks.
Eve: Both have very complex ways to play! They can also be very difficult...
Maya: Ahaha, I guess so. What do you two like to do?
Eve: I think I spent most of my time with my boat. But I also liked drawing and playing house.
Child 3: I like playing flower shop...
Eve: Oh, you like playing flower shop? Having people shop for pretty flowers and making flower bundles sounds like a lot of fun!
Child 3: It is, but... it's hard to tell everyone what I want to do...
Maya: I see... I know! Why don't we play flower shop right now?
Child 3: Is that okay?
Maya: Yes! Let's go over there to where the flowers are.
(Black cut)
Maya: Excuse me, I'm looking for a bundle of flowers for a friend~... What's this white flower called?
Child 3: These are mini marguerites. They're like Paris daisies.
Eve: What are these tiny red flowers called?
Child 3: Those are daisies. Oh, don't actually pick them. Just pretend, okay?
Maya: Fufufu. Don't worry, I won't.
Maya: You know so much about flowers. I've never even heard of mini marguerites.
Eve: I am sure you will have a wonderful flower shop when you grow up!
Chisato: That does sound lovely. May we join you?
Maya: Chisato-san! Everyone...!
Aya: We came to check on you because you were gone for so long.
Aya: Are you playing flower shop?
Maya: Yeah! It's a lot of fun!
Child 1: It is? Then I wanna play too~! Excuse me, may I have a really cool flower~?
Hina: Hmm, then could I have a really boppin' flower?
Child 3: Boppin'...?
Maya: H-Hina-san...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Maya: The kids seemed to really love playing flower shop...
Eve: There were so many orders to take and questions to answer. It was really hectic, but a lot of fun!
Maya: I also had fun! I learned about all kinds of flowers. I wish I could've played more...
Child 3: Maya-chan, Eve-chan!
Maya: Oh, hello again! What is it?
Child 3: Umm, there's something I want to tell you... Thank you for playing with me!
Maya: Huh?! You don't need to thank us!
Maya: We had fun playing with you! We should be thanking you...!
Child 3: I told everyone I'm not fast or strong, and they said we could do something I can also play from now on.
Child 3: I was able to speak with them because of you and Eve-chan. That's why I wanted to say thank you.
Maya: ...! I... I'm really touched to hear that.
Maya: Thank you!
Eve: That child had such a lovely smile, didn't they, Maya-san?
Maya: Yeah. That must be their real smile.
Maya: That child has taught me that all you have to do is let someone know when there's something you can't do... Then you'll be able to find a way to help each other out.
Maya: What's important is being yourself. Yeah, that's it for sure!
Aya: Maya-chan, Eve-chan!
Maya: Aya-san! What are you doing with a hose...?
Aya: Come on, we're going to water the flowers together~! Hurry up an- Aaah!
Hina: Ahaha, you tripped even though there was nothing to trip on~.
Chisato: Be careful, Aya-chan. You'll get wet if you don't... Hm?
Child 1: Look, a rainbow~!
Child 2: Really? Where, where?!
Maya: Ahaha, looks like they're getting excited again.
Eve: Yes. Let's go join them, Maya-san!
Maya: Okay!
Maya: Wait for me, I'm coming~!
