1034_Maya Yamato_R4 Fun Being Myself

Gacha phrase: Ah! Sorry, I got carried away... Huhehe.

<Detailed Viewing!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Thank you all for sparing some time today.
Hina: Well, we had a meeting scheduled anyway. So what're we doing?
Aya: It's pretty rare for you to call a meeting, Maya-chan.
Maya: Yeah... First, I'd like you all to take a look at this!
Eve: A DVD... Is it some kind of video?
Chisato: The date written is the date of our previous show. So that means...
Maya: Right! As you might've guessed, it's a video of our show that day!
Maya: I got permission from the staff to borrow it! I wanted to watch this with everyone!
Eve: How nice! That seems like it would be a lot of fun!
Aya: Mhm! They have this sorta thing, don't they? What do they call it when everyone watches a video and talks about it...? Umm...
Chisato: Do you mean an audio commentary?
Aya: Right! I've been wanting to try that~!
Maya: Ooh, that's a relief~! We never really get the chance to watch an actual video while we reflect on our performance.
Maya: After analyzing the trainees, I thought maybe we could do the same with our band as well!
Chisato: True. By watching with an objective point of view, we are sure to make new discoveries as well.
Hina: Then it's settled! Can we use that monitor and DVD player over there?
Maya: Yeah! Now, let's start the show!
(Black cut)
Eve: ... Oh, it starts from our video letter! This already feels so nostalgic!
Hina: Totally. How many takes did we do for that? Aya-chan was stuttering even more than normal!
Aya: Th-that's because I wanted to do things right as their mentor for the video letter... Which made me even more nervous...
Chisato: But, as a result, you were able to pull it off impressively. It's also easier to see the audience's reactions compared to being offstage.
Maya: That's right. It's really interesting being able to actually see where and how the audience reacts.
Maya: ... Okay, the trainees have all come out.
(Black cut)
Aya: Ohhh... That was so good... I'm so happy for them...
Hina: Ahaha, you were like this on the day of the show too.
Eve: Still, wonderful things are wonderful no matter how many times you watch them! The spotlight effects were also well done!
Maya: Huhehe. The trainees look even more vivid. I'm really grateful to the lighting staff for helping.
Chisato: ... Now then, it's finally our turn. This was a challenging set list where we suddenly started off with a new song.
Hina: But this intro comes during the first song, so it's really cool! Our greetings end, and once it goes dark, Maya-chan's drums come bangin' in!
Maya: I think so too. This was the first premiere of that song, so I was nervous. I'm so glad everything went well!
Eve: It has a different feeling than "Luminous Once More," and I became lost in it without even realizing!
Aya: Mhm, and the crowd's reaction was great too~!
Chisato: Fufu. It was likely a tremendous performance for Maya-chan's fans.
Eve: Yes! The audience and Maya-san all had such wonderful smiles!
Maya: Ahaha... When all is said and done, I got to show off my drums, so it was really fun.
Maya: I guess you could say it was an elated feeling unique to live shows... Ooh! This part was great too! Hina-san's guitar was...
(Black cut)
Aya: Fufu. The premiere of our new song was a great success!
Hina: I know, right? We were all together at the hook too!
Chisato: We did go over it multiple times during practice, after all. I'm so glad the audience got excited as well.
Eve: Next is the emcee scene!
Aya: Right. If I remember correctly, we did our introductions... Ah.
Hina: Yay! I've been waiting for this scene!
Maya's Voice: I-I'm Maya Yamato from Pastel＊Palettes! Read it forwards or backwards, it's the same in Japanese! Ya-ma-to Ma-ya♪
Maya: Ohhh... Watching this on video is extra embarrassing...
Hina: Really? It helped out the trainees, didn't it?
Chisato: ... Well, you can certainly see Maya-chan's efforts, but I think we best put that introduction away.
Maya: R-right. Besides, watching that helped me realize something. The regular me is the best!
Aya: Yeah. When you're happily drumming away... That's the Maya-chan I know from our shows!
Maya: Huhehe, thanks!
Hina: But I really like that introduction, so feel free to do it in the studio!
Maya: I already said I'm not going to use it! I'm sealing it away! ... Ah, look, the next song is starting~!


<Because I Know Both>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Shopping Mall]

Maya: Phew... I bought a little too much. It'll probably be tough carrying all of this.
Marina: Hello, Maya-chan. You've got a lot of stuff there. Look at all those bags!
Maya: Marina-san. {{userName}}-san, it's nice to see you. Looks like you caught me at an embarrassing moment.
Maya: I came out to buy some stuff for Theater Club, but I kind of took the opportunity and got a bit greedy...
Marina: I see, shopping for Theater Club, huh...? Sounds tough when you have idol work as well.
Marina: I'm a little worried you might have too many irons in the fire.
Maya: You might be right. Both are quite hard, but... If anything, I also think that makes it fun.
Maya: Both are things that I love, so I'm not bothered.
Marina: Things that you love, huh? If that's the case, then I imagine you certainly can enjoy yourself.
Maya: Right. Plus, they also have similar traits, which is pretty interesting.
Maya: In both theater and idol work, the people that stand on stage and those that provide support from behind the scenes work together as they aim for the success of the actual performance.
Maya: It's because of that similar organization that I have so many chances to take my experiences from one and use it in the other.
Marina: I see... So that means you're doing your best both on stage and behind the scenes.
Maya: Ahaha, I guess so. Our show the other day definitely turned out that way.
Marina: Ah, the agency trainees made an appearance too, right? It's been causing a buzz even online.
Maya: Ooh, really? That makes me so happy. To tell you the truth, prior to that show, the trainees and our band had a couple rehearsals together.
Maya: It was a little presumptuous of us, but we talked to them about our approach to live shows.
Marina: I see. That certainly sounds like the relationship between a mentor and their students.
Maya: Definitely. We only had a limited amount of time, but we told them what we could as their seniors.
Maya: Still, we weren't able to clear them of their worries towards shows...
Marina: No matter how much you might teach them, in the end, it's the trainees that have to do their best, right?
Maya: Yeah, I was made painfully aware of my own shortcomings. So I thought about whether there was anything else I could do for them.
Maya: Some way to make it so they shined even more on stage... And what came to mind was my role behind the scenes.
Maya: I realized that, even offstage, I would be able to help them out. So I asked the rest of the band to pitch in, and we did some brainstorming.
Maya: We made guidebooks for audience members, recorded a video letter... I even talked to the staff and had them adjust the stage effects during the live performance.
Marina: Wow, you really did a lot!
Maya: Huhehe... As a result, their performance was a big success. I really hope that we were able to help them out, even if it was just a little bit.
Marina: Sure! I'm certain all of your feelings reached them!
Maya: Yeah. From now on, I hope to enjoy both of my roles... both on stage and behind the scenes!
