1142_Maya Yamato_R4 Preparations Complete!

Gacha phrase: Huhehe, it kind of makes me happy, too...

<Past and Future>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Oh, hello, everyone! You're all already here!
Aya: Great timing, Maya-chan! We were all just about to start talking about what happened the other day! C'mon, grab a seat!
Maya: What do you mean...?
Hina: Our exhibition corner, duh~. I saw a bunch of people posting pictures of it online.
Chisato: Yes. I'm glad to see our fans enjoyed it.
Eve: There were very many people lined up to see it on the first day.
Maya: I saw those pictures online, too. I was so thankful to our fans, I thought my chest was going to burst!
Maya: Ah, that's right, I think PAREO-san came to see it, too. She commented on our post on the first day.
Chisato: I see. We're very fortunate to have her as a fan. She always makes sure to come to our events.
Aya: Right! There were so many other pictures online, too. Look, I took a bunch of screenshots. See?
Hina: Oh, look at this person! They've got those aluminum badges pinned all over their clothes...
Eve: These people are all dressed in our image colors!
Aya: It was just so much fun seeing everyone's pictures, I ended up doing a lot of searching online.
Hina: I mean, isn't you looking us up online pretty normal? You do it all the time.
Aya: Well, yeah, but~...
Chisato: This person left quite an amusing comment. "It made me really happy to see the difference in our heights!"
Maya: That's thanks to those cutouts of us!
Maya: So our fans enjoy stuff like that, huh? That's good to know!
Hina: This is getting me in a pretty boppin' mood♪ C'mon, I wanna see some more comments~.
Hina: Oh! That's it! How about we all sneak over to the exhibition and do some snooping around?! I'm super curious to hear what everyone's talking about!
Eve: Snooping around?!
Hina: Yeah! I bet we'd hear all sorts of stuff then~. What do you think, Maya-chan?!
Maya: I-I mean, it sounds nice and all, but... It'd also probably cause a lot of commotion if we showed up...
Hina: Aw, we'll be fine! We'll just disguise ourselves! I'm a little worried about Aya-chan, though.
Aya: Ohhh, what's that supposed to mean, Hina-chan?! I can hide my identity when I need to... sort of. Maybe...
Hina: There you have it. We'll dress you up real good this time, got it?
Chisato: H-hold on, I don't think this is a good idea.
Hina: Aw, why~?
Chisato: Think of the trouble we'd cause for the staff if we were discovered. It'd be better to err on the side of caution here.
Hina: Huh. Well shoot... I figured it'd be a good chance to get some dirt on what we could do for our next project~.
Chisato: If that's your goal, then I believe simply checking online or keeping your ears perked during our shows would be best.
Chisato: Fufu. Hina-chan, you're already thinking about the future, right? Our current project hasn't even ended yet.
Maya: Chisato-san, you're enjoying this too, aren't you? At least, that's what it looks like to me.
Maya: Though, to be honest, I'm also already thinking about what to do if we ever get another chance to do this. The fans definitely seemed to like this one, after all.
Aya: Me too. Next time, I want to show everyone Pastel＊Palettes' past and our dreams for the future, all in one place!
Eve: I would like to show off my bushido goods collection! I have already thought of a layout I like.
Hina: And I wanna draw a picture of my big sister!
Chisato: You three never gave up on those ideas, huh...?
Chisato: But I suppose you do have a point... What if we put that stuff on the pamphlets we hand out during our shows? That sounds fun.
Maya: Good idea! Once our next show date's been scheduled, let's ask the staff if we could try something like that!
Eve: Fufu, Maya-san is very motivated! It is very reassuring to see!
Maya: Huhehe... That's because being able to interact with fans like this is new and exciting.
Maya: When I look online and see how everyone's loving what we're doing, the set designer in me can't help but start thinking of all sorts of other ways to make our fans happy...
Maya: And thanks to our experience with this project, I've gotten a better idea of what our fans want!
Hina: Ohhh, Maya-chan's on fire today!
Aya: Yeah, we've all gotta do our best for all of our fans that support us like PAREO-chan!
Maya: Right! There's got to be more we can do for them! So let's keep trying all sorts of things in the future!
Eve: I want to try many new things with everyone, too! I am very excited!
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose you could say that we're just getting started.
Aya: Yeah. Thanks to all the experiences we've been through together, it feels like I've been working as an idol for so long, but... that's not true at all!
Aya: There's still a future full of endless possibilities ahead of us! And I'm sure we'll only keep growing as we go!
Maya: Exactly! In fact, what are we all just standing around here for?! Let's get to practicing!
Hina: Ohhh, Maya-chan, you're super fired up~! And so am I! Watch out, I'm gonna be shredding extra hard today~.
Maya: Huhehe... Then let's hurry up and get to the rehearsal studio. We have to keep doing our best.


<The Closest Fans>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Maya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Oh! Hi, Maya-chan! Are you dropping by to visit after practice?
Maya: No, I actually came to see Poppin'Party's introduction corner.
Marina: I see. I'm sure they'd be happy to know you stopped by. How was it?
Maya: The star-shaped balloons, the rabbit dolls... I thought it was all really energetic, just like Poppin'Party is.
Maya: They also had a little comment corner where you could write on a poster. That's a great idea!
Marina: Right? We couldn't help but write something too. What did you write?
Maya: I spent a lot of time thinking about it, but in the end... Everything I wanted to write seemed like it'd be better if I just told them in person.
Maya: Besides, I thought it would be better to give Poppin'Party's fans a chance to let their voices be heard, so I decided against taking up any space with a comment of my own.
Marina: I see. You're always so thoughtful, Maya-chan.
Marina: Oh, that's right. Pastel＊Palettes did something like this too, right? I saw it trending online.
Maya: So you heard about it! That's right, we ended up having an exhibition of our own where we displayed our signatures, outfits, and things like that.
Marina: Yeah, I saw a bunch of pictures of your concert clothes and those signature panels online. Everyone seemed really excited, you know~.
Maya: Thank you very much! We did our best to make sure our fans could enjoy our exhibition as much as possible.
Maya: Hearing that people liked it makes all that work we put into it worth it!
Marina: That's good to hear. Was it hard coming up with ideas for what to display?
Maya: It was. But thinking about what we could do for our fans and what we wanted our fans to learn about together as a group was actually pretty interesting.
Marina: Huh. You know, I think I can picture that scene in my head.
Maya: Huhehe... Besides, I might be a member of Pastel＊Palettes, but I'm still a fan, all the same.
Maya: So I figured that anything I would liked to see would've also been something the rest of the fans would like to see. That's why planning the whole thing was so much fun.
Marina: Wow, being a fan of the band you're in sounds incredible. I think that's proof of how hard you work, Maya-chan!
Maya: Do you think so? It's kind of embarrassing to hear that~. I think that it's really important to treasure the things that you like.
Maya: It's because you like something that you want to work harder. And those same feelings make you want everyone else to know more about it.
Maya: To put it simply, the fact that I like my band is what helps me get better. Right? Huhehe...
Marina: Right! I think those are some good words to live by.
Maya: I actually managed to get a bunch of great shots together with Aya-san and the others' cutouts, you know. They all turned out great!
Marina: You did? But why did you take pictures with the cutouts? You can take pictures with the real deals, after all...
Maya: Ahaha... Hina-san told me the same thing. It's just a personal reason, I suppose...
Maya: Of course I can take pictures with everyone whenever I want. But this time, with this project, I wanted to take those pictures as a fan!
Maya: And it was thanks to those pictures that I learned a little more about how our fans feel.
Marina: That makes sense. It is important to know your fans well. It'd be nice if you could do something like that again, huh?
Maya: It would. We've already been talking about how much we wish we could get another shot at it.
Maya: Personally, I'd like to feature equipment more! Like our power amp! We could compare it to the one we used when we were just starting...! Huhehe...
Maya: ... Oh, hold on a second please, I just got a message from Chisato-san... Ahhh!
Maya: S-sorry! It's almost time for recording, so I've got to hurry over to the office...!
Marina: Oh, no! We were having too much fun talking, huh?
Maya: Yes, let's set this conversation aside for another time. Our exhibition is still going, so if either of you two ever have time, please stop by!
Marina: Of course!
Maya: Then I've got to get going! I'll come back soon!
