1207_Maya Yamato_R3 Fuhehe Zombie

<Zombie Makeup Research>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Hmmm... No, this isn't right... I wonder if a different color face paint would be closer...
Kaoru: You're beautiful no matter what expression you make... but I would say that a smile suits you best, my kitten in the mirror.
Maya: Whoa, you scared me! When did you get here, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Fufu, mere moments ago. To see you staring at yourself in the looking glass is a rare sight to behold.
Maya: I'm doing some makeup research, actually.
Kaoru: Ah, Maya... Finally, the time has come for you, I see...
Maya: Huh?
Kaoru: You finally have awakened to your wish to perform... Am I wrong?
Kaoru: Ahhh, truly, the theater is akin to a seductress! It entices you... charms you into wanting to strut on stage and bathe in the spotlight.
Kaoru: And you will cut such a graceful figure upon that stage, Maya...! I understand. Together, we shall make the next production the most fleeting duet the world has ever seen!
Maya: Ahaha... Uh, that's not it...
Maya: I'm just researching stage makeup. I figured the more types of makeup I learn how to do, the more types of plays we can perform, you know?
Kaoru: Ah, Maya, I could not be blessed with a better stagehand than you. Your ceaseless dedication towards the Theater Club is truly... fleeting...
Maya: Oh, no, it's not anything like that. I actually just had a little incident the other day, that's all...
Maya: I mentioned before that Pastel＊Palettes was hired to play at the Gabai Gabai Festival in Saga, right?
Kaoru: Ah, but of course. The Gabai Gabai Festival... Even the name itself carries such a fleeting nuance.
Kaoru: And the seaweed biscuits you so graciously provided us... Their flavor was truly sumptuous. Please let me express my gratitude once more. Thank you.
Maya: Oh, it was nothing! I'm just happy that you all liked them.
Kaoru: That actually reminds me, I received the most fleeting of dried squid tentacles from Chisato as well...
Maya: Haha... Even squid is fleeting to you, huh?
Maya: Well, in any case, we ran into a little accident at the festival...
Maya: Which led me to using stage makeup to help us get out of the sticky situation we were in. And I did a pretty good job, if I do say so myself.
Kaoru: I see. And that series of events is what has led you to further intellectual pursuits in the realm of cosmetics.
Maya: Yeah. But it's harder than I thought. I can't get it to look how I want it...
Kaoru: Then would you allow me to lend a hand?
Maya: Huh? Really?
Kaoru: Of course. I must admit I have an interest in this makeup you are describing. And as an actor who regularly deals with cosmetics, I would imagine my input would have some value.
Kaoru: What's more, the director should be one with her talent! If you are in need of assistance, it is only natural that I should be there to provide you with it.
Maya: Thank you so much! I'm really stuck here, so I could really use your help!
Kaoru: Fufu, anything for you, my dear Maya. Well then, where shall we start...?
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Maya: Urgh...!
Kaoru: ...!
Maya: Aargh...!
Maya: How's this, Kaoru-san? Huhehe, it's kinda embarrassing acting in front of you...
Kaoru: W-wonderful work, Maya. Yes. Truly magnificent zombie work...
Maya: Thank goodness! I think this looks pretty similar to what we looked like at the Gabai Gabai Festival as well.
Maya: And it's all thanks to your advice, Kaoru-san! Thank you so much!
Kaoru: ... F-fufu. There is no need to thank me. You also need not come any closer to me. I can sense your gratitude from this distance just fine...
Maya: Hm... But I feel like there's still room to improve. Maybe adding some scars all over would make me look more zombie-like...
Maya: What do you think, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: M-M-M-Maya, you're... already quite fleeting... as far as zombies go... A-and like I said, um, you really don't have to come so close to me...
Maya: Hm? What was that, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: M-M-M-M-Maya! Stop! Stop! Why don't we pay attention to our personal spaces...?!
Maya: Huh? Why are you backing away from me? Wait, what's wrong? Kaoru-san~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<In Case The Unexpected Happens>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Studio]

Marina: Alright, let's get this all set up quickly. Can you take a look a the amps?
Maya: Hmmm...
Marina: And when you're done with that, check the mic too, please.
Maya: Hmmm... Fantastic cable management, Marina-san. Great work.
Marina: Uh... Maya-chan? I noticed you've been watching us from outside the studio for a while now... It's kind of embarrassing getting stared at, you know.
Maya: Ah! S-sorry!
Marina: Oh, it's not that big of a deal. But why are you here watching us work?
Maya: Well, the truth is, I wanted to learn a little more about how to handle this sort of equipment...
Maya: I was wondering if there was a faster, more efficient ways to do it, so I decided to peek in on you guys.
Marina: That sounds like you, Maya-chan. That's a great attitude to have. But why now, all of a sudden?
Maya: The other day, Pastel＊Palettes performed in Saga, but our equipment van ran into car trouble, which delayed our show. So we helped carry everything to the stage and with setting up.
Marina: I heard about that from Aya-chan. It sounds like you really had a tough time, huh?
Maya: Yeah. But Aya-san definitely had the worst of it.
Maya: While we were setting everything up, she stood on stage alone buying time for us by talking to the crowd and singing by herself.
Marina: Th-that sounds really hard...
Maya: Yes. But for me, it was another chance to see what makes Aya-san so incredible. The crowd was so dead at first, but she managed to find a way to warm them up in the end.
Maya: That unwavering spirit and her unparalleled cuteness are Aya-san's best strengths, after all! And thanks to her, we managed to get the show started before everyone left.
Maya: It's just... I feel like if we had worked a little faster, Aya-san wouldn't have had to suffer on stage so much for us...
Marina: I see. You're really nice, Maya-chan.
Marina: But that was an accident, wasn't it? Plus, setup is the staff's job, so I don't think you should put that burden on yourself.
Maya: I mean, I understand we all have different responsibilities, but what happened that day really made me remember something important.
Maya: You never know what might happen onstage. So being able to adapt to the situation like Aya-san is really important.
Maya: And I think the reason Aya-san was able to react the way she did was because she's always thought about the what-if's and the maybe's.
Marina: What do you mean?
Maya: Think about our first concert. Pastel＊Palettes' debut... You two know as well as I do how well that went, right?
Maya: I think ever since that day, Aya-san has always been thinking about what she should do if it happened again.
Maya: How do I make sure the show goes on? What can I do in this moment...? Those kinds of thoughts are always running through her head.
Maya: So I want to learn from her and be able to act fast in those situations. I want to be able to quickly analyze what it is I can do when something unexpected happens.
Maya: Which is why I thought it'd be good to learn a little more about how to handle this sort of equipment.
Maya: Because I want our fans to be able to enjoy our shows from the bottom of their hearts.
Marina: Yeah, I totally know what you mean. Although I think making sure problems like that don't happen in the first place is most important.
Maya: Yes, I couldn't agree more.
Maya: Which is why I'm here, watching you two work, but... I actually had another reason...
Maya: Huhehe... I actually kind of like watching people set up stuff like this. Could I stay a little longer?
Marina: W-well, if you put it that way... Sure. It's still kind of embarrassing, but go ahead.
Maya: Okay! Thank you so much!
