1292_Maya Yamato_R4 Gentle Backstage Light

Gacha phrase: Fufu, you're a very... funny person, Kaoru-san.

<For the Princess of the Wings>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy Gymnasium - Offstage]

Maya: (Whoa... What an applause! The audience must have enjoyed it... Thank goodness~.)
Maya: (Oops, can't let my guard down yet. Now, for the next cue...)
Maya: For the stage crew, the climax of the show is what happens next. I'm going to close the curtains in ten seconds. Are you ready?
Theater Student A: Yes, we're ready!
Maya: Now... Oh, standby for a moment! It seems like someone in the audience has prepared a bouquet!
Kaoru's Fan: Kaoru-sama, this is from everyone in our class! That was a seriously amazing performance! You were so cool!
Kaoru: Why, thank you, my little kittens... What a gorgeous bouquet...!
Maya: (Kaoru-san is sparkling even brighter than usual.)
Maya: (I really think she was born to shine beneath the spotlight.)
Maya: Haha, the applause won't end. Let's do one more curtain call.
Maya: Let's use this moment to hydrate the cast. Make sure you check their costumes and makeup before they get back out there.
Theater Students: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Two Weeks Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Maya: Um, is this everyone from the theater club?
Maya: Despite having a rather tight schedule this time, our show has been a great success!
Maya: None of this would have been possible without all of your hard work! So well done, everybody!
Theater Students: Well done!
Maya: We're having an after-party at a restaurant after this. For those of you coming, let's get ready to go now.
Maya: For starters, let's get into two lines. We should head there like this so we don't block the sidewalk...
Kaoru: Maya, can I have a moment of your time before the after-party?
Maya: Kaoru-san, did something happen?
Kaoru: No, I just wanted to talk to you about something. It won't be long.
Kaoru: First, behold this unbelievably large bouquet as it spills out of my arms.
Maya: Yeah, it's beautiful. You sure did get a lot of flowers this time. As expected of our Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: No, this is not a bouquet from my little kittens.
Maya: Huh, really? Then who is it-
Kaoru: This bouquet is for you Maya, for you and the staff. It is but a modest gift from me.
Maya: Huh?! F-for us?!
Kaoru: Precisely. I do hope you like it...
Maya: Of course I'm happy to receive it, but... Why now? You've never done something like this before.
Kaoru: Well, I simply wished to show my appreciation for our staff in a more material way this time.
Maya: Your appreciation for us?
Kaoru: Yes. Whether it be by making the cast shine, or the plays better, you are always helping to support the stage.
Kaoru: This bouquet is a symbol of my appreciation. As when I stand upon the stage, you are always there to support me.
Maya: Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: This time, in particular, you all spent an abundance of time creating an original play.
Kaoru: Despite this, there was not a single negative remark. Instead, everyone devoted themselves to the play.
Kaoru: Today's success was thanks to you and your staff, Maya. So let me thank you again.
Maya: You don't have to. That's just us doing our job as stage crew.
Maya: We like supporting the cast and the stage from the wings. So we're just doing what comes naturally to us.
Kaoru: No, there is no such thing as "naturally" in theater.
Kaoru: Thanks to your support, we have sets, props, lighting, music, costumes, and makeup... Thanks to you, the world of the stage exists.
Kaoru: If it weren't for you all, no matter how hard we were to strive, the curtain would not rise.
Kaoru: It is only thanks to your preparations that we are able to focus on acting out our roles and bringing the play to life.
Maya: Huhehe... It's kind of embarrassing hearing you say all that like this.
Kaoru: That never-ending ovation, and the warm applause... It does not only belong to us actors. It also belongs to you, the staff.
Maya: Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Fufu, so tell me, princess of the wings, will you accept this?
Maya: Yes! Thank you, Kaoru-san!
Maya: This may be my first time receiving a bouquet as stage manager. It smells so good!
Kaoru: Ahh, Maya... You do suit flowers. In this moment, you appear to be glistening brighter than ever.
Maya: Y-you think so? Huhehe... I'll put them in a vase as soon as I get home.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Guide of the Answers You Seek>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Marina: Oh? Is that... Hello, Maya-chan. Out shopping?
Maya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello there.
Maya: I have a meeting later today, but I have some time before then, so I was looking at books.
Marina: Huh, let's see... "Acting Theory," "Theater Training"?
Marina: You're in the theater club's stage crew, right, Maya-chan? I see you're reading books about acting.
Maya: Yes, I've taken an interest in acting lately, so I thought I'd read up on it a little. Actually, a lot happened yesterday, and I ended up giving LOCK-san some acting advice.
Marina: Yeah, I heard about it from Ako-chan. She said that you and Kaoru-san helped Rokka-chan with some schoolwide announcements?
Maya: Yes. Well, I don't have any experience acting, so I was just helping Kaoru-san.
Maya: It made me realize again how amazing Kaoru-san is.
Marina: I see. Kaoru-san is very good at acting, so she must be good at teaching it too.
Maya: Ah, no. I wasn't talking about her acting skills. I meant more like Kaoru-san herself is amazing...
Marina: Kaoru-san herself?
Maya: Erm, it made me realize that Kaoru-san watches people more closely than I thought.
Marina: Now that you mention it... Even though it seems like she's in her own world, she is always aware of her surroundings.
Maya: That's right. She is aware to the point where she can make people notice things about themselves that they haven't even noticed.
Maya: It was like that this time with LOCK-san, but I have also experienced this with Kaoru-san when we were in middle school...
Maya: I had just been made lighting technician, and I felt so much pressure that I got it into my head that I had to do well.
Maya: But I was so focused on succeeding that I couldn't even enjoy the job... I felt like I was suffocating.
Marina: Dealing with the pressure of responsibility is hard.
Maya: It is. But then Kaoru-san tapped on my strained shoulders...She helped me breathe easier.
Maya: That was the first time I realized I was struggling. It opened my eyes in an instant.
Maya: She didn't try to advise me to do this or that, she just helped me see it for myself...
Marina: Yeah, yeah. I don't think there are many people who can do that.
Maya: That's right. I'm also of the backstage temperament, so I tend to think of rather practical solutions.
Maya: Kaoru-san isn't like that. She helps people find the answers they are truly seeking. I really respect that about her...
Maya: That's why I always want to support her from the wings when she's on stage, and I'd love to be able to help her whenever she's having trouble outside of the theater too.
Marina: I see. That is very lovely. I'm sure Kaoru-san relies on you a lot, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huhehe... I hope she does.
Maya: And I hope I can keep putting on good shows with Kaoru-san and the rest of the theater club.
Marina: Fufu, keep up the good work. I'll be cheering you on.
Maya: I will, thank you!
Maya: Oops, it's getting late. I'd better go now.
Maya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you for listening to me!
