1299_Maya Yamato_R3 The Urge to Geek Out

<Like a Three-Legged Race>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Hmm... I knew it. It is different...
Eve: Good morning, Maya-san!
Hina: Mornin'~! Hey, Maya-chan, have you seen this?
Maya: Good morning, Hina-san, Eve-san! Oh, is that the magazine I think it is...?
Hina: Yeah! It's the one with our interview in it!
Hina: Check it out! You look so happy in this picture!
Eve: You really do! You have such a wonderful smile, Maya-san!
Maya: Y-you two are going to make me blush... You know, you both have great smiles here, too.
Maya: Seeing this picture, though, now I know for sure it's different...
Hina: What is...?
Maya: My smile! I was just looking at band pictures from when I first joined Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Really~? Lemme see... Whoa, this takes me way back~!
Eve: I could never forget this! These pictures are from our first band photo shoot!
Hina: Why were you looking at those pictures? Are they gonna use them for something?
Maya: Well, the other day, I heard from Lisa-san that Roselia signed with a music agency.
Hina: Oh~, right. Lisa-chi and the others do seem kinda busy lately.
Eve: It is such wonderful news! I would like to go congratulate them as soon as possible!
Maya: I ran into Lisa-san yesterday when I was out shopping. The first thing I did was tell her how happy I was for her!
Maya: I started thinking about when we made our debut, and that's when I took out our old pictures.
Eve: I think your smile has become more wonderful! But your previous smile was also lovely!
Maya: Thank you, Eve-san! I was so nervous during our first photo shoot. I think my smile looked really forced.
Hina: Nervous, huh~? I wonder what that feels like.
Eve: Fufu. Most people are nervous their first time. Even I could feel my heart thumping against my chest during the shoot.
Hina: Really~? Is that what being nervous is like?
Maya: Of course, getting nervous isn't a problem for you, Hina-san. But when I first joined the band, I was so uneasy that I couldn't smile well at all.
Maya: I'd try, but it never felt right. I'm usually at the back on stage, so when I'd come up front, I was always worried I wouldn't meet the fan's expectations.
Hina: That's right~. You're always saying how you're more suited to the back of the stage.
Maya: Yeah. But after doing so many shows and meet and greets and receiving so much heartfelt fan mail...
Maya: It made me realize that there are tons of people who support me.
Maya: Knowing that made me so happy. And it made me want to do my best to show my fans how much I appreciate them.
Eve: I understand. Having people supporting you is very encouraging!
Maya: Yeah, it really is. So I turned that encouragement into hard work, and as I did, I was slowly able to smile more naturally.
Maya: The only reason I can smile like I did in this interview is because of the fans.
Eve: I see! So your wonderful smile is the result of your teamwork with the fans! It is like a three-legged race!
Eve: That is fantastic! Giving all your heart to those who have given you theirs... I can feel your bushido spirit!
Maya: Huhehe... I truly think I've been blessed by those around me.
Maya: That includes everyone in Pastel＊Palettes too. And then there's all the agency staff that's supported me as well! It feels like everyone's always helping me.
Hina: Yeah! I love everybody in Pastel＊Palettes so much! You guys are always teaching me stuff I don't know.
Eve: Yes! And the staff at the agency is always there for us!
Maya: It really is like a three-legged race, isn't it? I hope we can continue to work with the agency and fans as a team to do even bigger things.
Maya: And I'm going to keep giving my all to become a better idol and a better me!
Eve: Maya-san, you are so cool! You absolutely have the spirit of bushido!
Maya: R-really? Huhehe...
Aya: Good morning, everyone! Looks like you've been waiting on us.
Chisato: Good morning. I was running a bit late.
Maya: Ah, good morning, Aya-san, Chisato-san!
Hina: Since we're all here now, let's start our meeting for our show~. We'll make this the most boppin' show yet♪
Maya: Yeah! Let's give it everything we've got!
(Black cut)


<What a Handshake Does Now>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: ... Hm? Is that... Maya-chan over there?
Pastel＊Palettes Fan: Um, thank you! I'll always be cheering you on.
Maya: You're too kind. Thank you for your support! Please come see our next show!
Maya: ... Hm? Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi, Maya-chan. Was that a fan you were just shaking hands with?
Maya: Ah, guess you saw me... I kind of wish you hadn't, though.
Marina: Fufu. They looked so happy.
Maya: They made me happy, too. It really means a lot to have people supporting us like that!
Maya: ... You know, Lisa-san said nearly the same thing the other day.
Marina: Well, Roselia just made their major debut too, after all.
Maya: That's right! She said that after joining a music agency, people at school started asking to shake her hand.
Maya: When people first started doing that, she seemed more embarrassed about it than anything.
Maya: But now it sounds like she's really happy and grateful to have so many people around her supporting the band.
Marina: I see. Fufu. Well, that sounds like a nice change of heart, don't you think?
Maya: I do! Seeing Lisa-san go through those changes reminded me of my old self.
Marina: You mean, back when you joined Pastel＊Palettes?
Maya: Yes! When people started coming to me for handshakes and autographs, I wasn't really sure how to react.
Maya: I was happy to see people supporting us, but I was so shy about everything. I just couldn't get used to that kind of attention...
Marina: Once you become an idol, everybody has their eye on you. I bet it's hard knowing how to deal with things in the beginning.
Maya: Yeah... I was really at a loss for what to do back then. I had no idea how to be honest with everything I was feeling.
Maya: But talking with Lisa-san made me realize how much I've grown.
Maya: I don't know when exactly, but at some point, I was able to start smiling for real when I was on stage...
Maya: That's why I was so glad when I heard that Lisa-san feels genuinely happy when fans come up to her now!
Maya: Sometimes I try to wonder what I might have been like if I hadn't joined Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: But I can't even imagine it.
Marina: That shows just how great your time with Pastel＊Palettes has been.
Maya: Huhehe. Thank you.
Maya: I'm always thinking about how precious and wonderful my time with my band has been.
Maya: Playing music with Pastel＊Palettes has opened my eyes to so many things, and I've experienced so much. It's changed me from the inside out.
Maya: I've learned to understand songs on a much deeper level, and that's allowed me to expand how I play the drums. I feel like being with the band has led me in a good direction.
Maya: The only reason I am the way I am now is because of Pastel＊Palettes. I'm truly happy I joined them.
Marina: It's wonderful that you feel that way. Fufu. You always seem to shine brighter whenever you're talking about Pastel＊Palettes.
Marina: Maybe being an idol is what you were meant to do.
Maya: Wh-what?! You'll make me blush if you talk like that...! Besides, I think you mean Aya-san, not me...!
Marina: Aya-chan is definitely cut out to be an idol, but there's an idol shining bright inside of you, too. We wish you and your band the best.
Maya: Th-thank you...! Huhehe... I'm glad to hear it.
Maya: Ah, sorry, but I have to be at my agency soon! It was really nice talking with you both!
Marina: You, too. Be careful on your way there. See you!
