1326_Maya Yamato_R3 Unexpectedly Unyielding

<A Master's Methods>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Please excuse me! ... Oh?
Eve: ... Yes, I cannot think of a topic.
Aya: I guess things really don't go that easily~...
Maya: Eve-san, Aya-san, hello! Are the two of you worried about something?
Eve: Maya-san! Hello!
Aya: Maya-chan, perfect timing! Hey, Eve-chan. Let's try asking Maya-chan as well!
Eve: Yes! She regularly writes a column!
Maya: Yes? What is it?
Aya: To tell you the truth, we were just consulting each other about topics for talks we have to do.
Maya: Ah~. Aya-san, you have many opportunities to talk as emcee, and Eve-san, you have your radio program.
Eve: Yes! Thankfully, the "All Days＊Bushido" broadcast has been going for a long time, but...
Eve: Lately, even if I think of something that I want to talk about, there are many times where it is similar to what I talked about on a previous broadcast.
Aya: Doing free talk is especially troubling. What normally comes to mind right away are the things I like or my hobbies, but I've already talked about those somewhere...
Maya: I know what you mean. I can only ever think of equipment myself. And there's a lot of information you want to tell people when it comes to the things you like.
Eve: For me, when it comes to period dramas, I want to talk about them over and over again!
Aya: When you were talking about "The Lone Swordsman" previously, you really seemed to enjoy yourself.
Eve: The broadcast at that time was really fun! But I think I should have different topics so that I can make all of my listeners happy.
Maya: And all of your fans most likely want to know different things about you.
Eve: But then I become worried about what I should talk about the next time...
Maya: I see. I know exactly how you feel~.
Maya: I have been allowed to write my column for some time now, and with each one, searching for topics definitely feels more difficult.
Maya: Events that can be used as material for columns or emcee talks don't occur all that often in everyday life.
Aya: Yeah, that's true~...
Maya: However... in my case, if I have any material that I think I can use, I'll make a note of it for the time being.
Eve: If I recall correctly, you also take notes now and then, right, Aya-san?
Aya: Yep! But when I look through them later, there are so many where I can't tell what was so interesting about them that I wrote it down...
Maya: I know what you mean. Quite a few of my notes are scribbles of incomprehensible words.
Eve: What do you mean?
Maya: For example... When I first started my column, there was a note I wrote that said "takoyaki and bags," but I still don't know what that was in reference to.
Aya: That's happened to me too! I had one where I wrote down "bamboo shoots," and I spent an hour thinking about what it meant~.
Eve: So you both take painstaking steps in your search for topics.
Maya: But even if I take incomprehensible notes like that, in the end, they won't be good material. So, lately, I've been taking care when possible so they don't end up that way.
Aya: Do you have any examples of what you do?
Eve: Maya-san, please tell us!
Maya: I've been trying to take photos with my smartphone.
Eve: You take... photos? As notes?
Maya: Yes! For example, if I see a poster that I think will make for good material while I'm out, I'll take a photo of it before I go home.
Maya: If you take a photo with your smartphone, it will have the date and time... as well as the location information, so when you look at it later, it's easier to remember the details.
Maya: That way, you can get remarkably more information out of it than from a note made up of words!
Aya: Amazing! In that case, I should be able to copy that as well!
Eve: Just as I would expect from you, Maya-san. What a superb technique!
Maya: Not at all. I hope that it will be helpful to the two of you.
Aya: Hey, Maya-chan. If there's anything else you do, tell us!
Maya: Let me think. Other than that~... It's understated, but I suppose I get creative with the size of my notepads.
Maya: Most people carry notepads inside their bags, but if it's too big, it's inconvenient to carry. And if it's too small, you'll have trouble finding it inside your bag, right?
Maya: The smallest bit of stress can often lead to skipping out on something, so it's good to use a size that's easy for you to use.
Aya: I see~...!
Eve: Amazing! Maya-san, you are a master of gathering conversation topics.
Maya: What?! That's not true!
Aya: No, everything you said was really informative.
Eve: Yes! Also, it conveyed all of your hard work up until now!
Maya: Really...? Huhehe.
Maya: If you don't mind my help, I'll do everything I can. So if there's anything you need, please let me know!


<Pastel Hero>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Hey, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence meeting the both of you here.
Marina: Maya-chan, hello. Are you going out somewhere today?
Maya: Yes. I was thinking of going to the rental shop to borrow a DVD.
Maya: I was thinking about watching the period movie that Eve-san recommended to me, but since it's quite an old one, it doesn't seem like it's being streamed online.
Marina: I see. Eve-chan really must love period dramas to know about that movie.
Maya: Right! She apparently watched them quite a lot ever since she was in Finland.
Maya: That might be why she has points to her that are like a period drama protagonist... or rather, a hero.
Marina: You don't say. Like what for example?
Maya: Let me see... For example, all of us in Pastel＊Palettes were secretly following Aya-san the other day...
Marina: You were?!
Maya: Ahaha... We had a proper reason for it, of course.
Maya: It all started because Eve-san was worried about Aya-san as she seemed different than usual.
Maya: Eve-san thought Aya-san might be caught up in something bad, so she tried to protect her.
Maya: In the end, it was a misunderstanding, and there was nothing bad going on... But I thought that Eve-san was amazing for that.
Marina: Good point. Trying to protect a friend by going so far as to follow them isn't something that just anyone can do.
Maya: That's right. Also, Eve-san has momentum. She is the first one to rush in if she thinks that someone needs help.
Maya: I'm the type of person to stop and think about what I should do for others, so it made me want to learn from her ability to take action even more.
Maya: Ah, of course, I'm not saying that Eve-san wasn't thinking at all!
Maya: I just think that her feelings of wanting to protect someone operate on a higher level.
Maya: There have actually been several times where Pastel＊Palettes was saved by her drive.
Marina: I see. That certainly does seem heroic!
Maya: Yes! It really is great that Eve-san is in Pastel＊Palettes.
Marina: Mhm. But hearing what you've told me, I think that you're needed in the band too, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huh?
Marina: If Eve-chan is the type to rush in on impulse, I think she needs someone like you by her side who will stop and think things through.
Marina: It's important for her to have someone she can trust when she's worried.
Maya: Do you think so? Huhehe, that makes me feel somewhat bashful...
Maya: But you have a point. Maybe we've been doing as well as we have because we've been supporting one another.
Marina: Mhm. I'll continue to look forward to all of your girls' accomplishments as Pastel＊Palettes!
Maya: Thank you very much! I'll drop by CiRCLE with the others soon. Well then, I'll be seeing you!
