1346_Maya Yamato_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: ... Huhehe, thank you very much!

<Shyly Accessorizing>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Maya-chan, happy birthday!
Chisato: We've prepared a present for you. Will you accept it?
Eve: We put all our hearts and sincerity into choosing it, so we hope that you will like it!
Maya: Thank you very much! Would it be okay for me to open it right away?
Maya: Is this...?!
Aya: It's a pearl necklace! We thought it would look really great on you!
Maya: This is such a nice necklace! Huhehe, I feel kind of awkward since I don't buy accessories like this myself.
Chisato: Fufu. Don't you think is a good opportunity for you to start taking an interest in accessories, then?
Hina: That's right! In that case, let's all go buy some the next time we have a day off!
Aya: Mhm! A day of shopping for all five of us, huh~? I can't wait!
Eve: Choosing accessories that would look good on each other seems like fun!
Maya: Th-that's a big responsibility...! I'll have to study fashion a lot more...!
Hina: For now, Maya-chan, you should try on your necklace~!
Maya: Okay! I'll do that now...
Maya: H-how does it look...?
Eve: It looks so good on you, Maya-san!
Chisato: Yes. I believe it adds to your intellectual aura.
Maya: ... Huhehe, thank you very much!
Aya: Okay, I'll take a photo to commemorate today! Here I go~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Fashion My Way>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Maya: Hrm... "The Definitive Winter Outfit Collection"... Maybe I'll go with this~... Hm? Who is that over there...?
Rui: ...
Maya: Yashio-san! What a coincidence running into you in a place like this!
Rui: Yamato-san...
Maya: Oh wow~, I was hoping to talk with you! You're the one who composes Morfonica's songs, right?!
Maya: Every time I listen to your songs, I always think about how hard it must be to include the violin~!
Rui: Thank you very much.
Maya: Are you looking for a book on composition?
Rui: I am merely stopping by for a short while. What kind of book were you looking for?
Maya: About that... I was given a really pretty necklace from the others in Pastel＊Palettes for my birthday the other day.
Maya: But I'm not very knowledgeable about fashion, so I don't know what kind of clothes I should match with it.
Maya: That's when the others suggested that we all go clothes shopping sometime...
Maya: I was thinking I should study up on fashion so I know the bare minimum for when that happens.
Rui: I see. So you are here to prepare for that then?
Maya: I've been indifferent towards things like that up until now... But if I can't keep up with the conversation, it might trouble the others.
Rui: So that is your reasoning. However, is it really necessary to push yourself to study it?
Maya: Huh?
Rui: The reason you have been indifferent toward fashion until now was due to it not suiting your interests, correct?
Rui: The other members of Pastel＊Palettes are most likely aware of this and invited you to go shopping with that in mind. Is it not too late for them to be troubled?
Rui: I believe it is meaningless to spend time on something you have no interest in.
Maya: ...! Y-you do have a point. I'm sure that the others know that about me.
Maya: But...
Rui: ...?
Maya: Yeah, I think I'll still read this magazine and study, even if it's just a little bit.
Rui: Why is that?
Maya: Fashion and being stylish are all things I didn't previously know about, so it might be difficult, but it's not as if I'm pushing myself to study.
Maya: If anything, I'm grateful that I'm able to see a world I didn't know about before thanks to the others.
Maya: Not to mention, investigating and preparing ahead of time like this feels like something I would do!
Rui: I see. In that case, it cannot be helped, for that is who you are.
Maya: Right. That's who I am♪
