1411_Maya Yamato_R4 Like You

Gacha phrase: You are the one who inspired me...

<Like That Day>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Release Event - Dressing Room]

Aya: Hmm... "The concert the other day was really great~. I have to tell the members this at today's release event."
Aya: Wow, that makes me so happy~. Hum hum~♪
Chisato: Fufu. Aya-chan's devoting herself to collecting information again today.
Hina: Looks more like egosurfing to me.
Maya: You've been at it since we finished preparations for the release event. What kind of comments are people writing?
Aya: There's a lot about our concert the other day! It seems like all our fans really enjoyed it!
Eve: The new song really livened things up too! I am honored that people are still talking about the concert even though it has already been a week.
Chisato: Yeah, you can say that again. It was quite the conflict with our schedule, but I'm glad we stepped up to the challenge.
Hina: Everyone was buzzing about it as soon as the concert ended, saying, "Pastel＊Palettes was different than usual!"
Eve: Many fans praised your passionate performance in particular, Maya-san!
Aya: There were so many comments saying how cool you were~.
Maya: Huhehe... I was surprised too. I never thought there would be that much of a response.
Eve: No, that was the expected outcome! Your drive at the time was tremendous, after all!
Eve: You were like a samurai from a period drama that challenged a worthy rival to a duel!
Hina: I thought you might've been drumming with swords!
Maya: I-I don't think that's even possible... But, well...
Maya: It's true that I was pumped to play Kana-san's song on stage.
Maya: At the time, I was just so happy, I lost myself in my drumming.
Aya: Ngh~, I'm so happy for you, Maya-chan. I feel like I might cry~.
Aya: Here... Take a look. People are talking about your drumming.
Maya: ... You're right.
Aya: I think this is because you made such an impact on everyone at the concert last week.
Chisato: Indeed. There might even have been some people who decided to start playing the drums after watching your performance.
Maya: D-do you think so? If that happened... I'd be so happy.
Maya: It would mean that I was able to give someone the dream of playing the drums, just like Kana-san did for me.
Hina: Hey, what're you gonna do if someone like that comes to the release event today?! How would you answer them, Maya-chan?
Maya: Huh...?
Chisato: She brings up a good point. You may want to give that some thought.
Maya: R-right...
Maya: When the time comes, I'm sure I'll tell them-
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Release Event]

[Event Venue]

Fan: Maya-chan, I'll always be rooting for you from now on! Please do your best!
Maya: Thank you very much! Please come to our next concert too!
Staff: Next person, please.
Little Girl: Hello!
Maya: Hello! Thank you very much for coming out today.
Little Girl: U-um! Maya-chan, I have something I just have to tell you...
Maya: You do?
Little Girl: I went to see your last concert! A-and, uh...
Little Girl: I started playing the drums after seeing you perform! You were so very cool!
Little Girl: I want to be able to play drums like you someday!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: U-um... Kana-san, I started playing the drums after seeing you perform! You were so very cool!
Maya: I want to be able to play like you someday!
Kana: Thanks. I'll be looking forward to it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: ...
Maya: Huhehe... Is that so?
Maya: Thank you very much. I'll be looking forward to it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Friends I Can Be Open With>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Record Shop]

Maya: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Marina: Ah, Maya-chan. Hi. Are you also here to check out the CDs?
Maya: Yes. This is my first day off in a while, so I'm thinking I can spend some time looking through the new releases.
Marina: We're hoping to do the same. We came to take a peek since we managed to finish our work.
Marina: By the way, your new song came out recently, didn't it? We gave it a listen~. It was really great!
Maya: Really?!
Marina: I was surprised by how different it felt from your previous ones.
Marina: You could, like, feel everyone's passion with each note... It was cool, all right.
Maya: Huhehe... Thank you very much. To be honest, we went through a lot before debuting it.
Maya: Halfway through, we were even faced with the possibility of switching songs.
Maya: It was selfish, but I said I wanted us to switch.
Marina: You, selfish...?
Marina: I don't know the reason, but you must've felt quite strongly about the song then.
Maya: Yes...
Maya: I'm really grateful to the other members this time around.
Maya: They let me have my way despite there not being much time until our concert.
Marina: I know what you mean~. It feels nice when people care about your feelings.
Maya: It does... We've overcome a lot together.
Maya: And I think that's exactly why I was able to tell them what I wanted.
Marina: Mhm. Sometimes people can't do that even when they're close, but it sounds like you girls already managed to get over that hurdle.
Marina: Fufu, I'm so happy for you that you were able to meet such wonderful friends, Maya-chan.
Maya: Me too! They really are the best!
Maya: Ah, I know. If it's alright with you two, would you like to look around together?
Maya: I'd love to learn about any new releases either of you might recommend!
Marina: Sure. {{userName}}-san, you're okay with it, right? Also, we'd like to hear your recommendations too, Maya-chan.
Maya: No problem! Shall we get started then?
