1520_Maya Yamato_R4 Best wishes!

Gacha phrase: Aya-san... That was a wonderful party, wasn't it?

<Experience The Magic of Clothing>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Hello! Sorry I'm a little late...
Kaoru: Ah, my little kitten. I was just thinking of coming to escort you.
Kaoru: Fufu... I intended on transforming into a bird and flying to your side. But alas, you crept and pounced upon me... What a playful little kitten.
Maya: No, no. I just came to the theater club as usual. Anyway, Kaoru-san, why are you in your Romeo costume today?
Kaoru: My, what a rare occurrence that you would forget. We are cataloging our costumes today, are we not?
Maya: Ahh, that's right! I see. So you're trying them on while sorting them.
Kaoru: Fufu... As expected of my Maya. What excellent deduction skills.
Maya: Ahaha... It's kind of obvious once you take in all of this...
Maya: Even so, that Romeo costume really does look good on you.
Kaoru: Yes, thank you. I agree with your sentiment... But alas, it is on stage where costumes shine the brightest.
Kaoru: Although nothing can compare... to how brightly I shone during the culture festival performance.
Maya: The Romeo and Juliet performance. That brings back memories. You played Romeo, and Chisato-san played Juliet. It was very well-received!
Maya: I only watched from the wings, yet I was completely mesmerized! What a wonderful memory.
Kaoru: Indeed, it made the numerous rehearsals worth it.
Maya: Speaking of rehearsals... Remember when we had the dress rehearsal once the costumes were finished?
Maya: Once you and Chisato-san were in your costumes, your acting really came to life.
Kaoru: Yes, I remember that sensation all too well. I felt as though I had truly transformed into Romeo by wearing such threads.
Maya: You know how they say you should start with the form? There's really some truth to that, huh?
Kaoru: Precisely. With acting, you need to become someone else. Even if you are playing the same role, changing the costume will change the impression of the performance.
Maya: Changing the clothes changes the impression, huh...?
Kaoru: What is wrong, Maya? Is there something on your mind?
Maya: Oh, no. What you described made me think of something that happened recently.
Kaoru: Oh? That sounds rather profound. May I ask you to elaborate?
Maya: Sure. The director of our variety show had a wedding party the other day, and all of Pastel＊Palettes attended.
Maya: The director looked so gorgeous and captivating in her wedding dress.
Kaoru: Fufu, I am a touch jealous that someone else could steal the heart of my little kitten.
Maya: Ahaha... Anyway, before the party, I had only ever seen her in her staff jacket. I'd never seen her all dressed up like that, but...
Maya: When she wore a wedding dress, I was really shocked. Just by wearing that dress, her whole aura had changed.
Maya: I'm well-acquainted with her, but it felt like I was looking at someone I didn't know at all...
Maya: Maybe it's not quite the same thing, but I guess that's what it means when people say the costume makes the role.
Kaoru: Fufu, it's not dissimilar at all. Just as I acted with more passion in my Romeo attire, it is natural for people's characters to change alongside the clothes they wear.
Kaoru: For example... If you were to wear a long and elegant dress, you might feel as if you were a noblewoman and compose yourself with more dignity and grace.
Kaoru: On the other hand, if you wore a plain trench coat, you might feel like you were a detective and dash about, rapidly looking around for clues.
Maya: Right, I kind of understand what you mean.
Kaoru: A single outfit can change your entire disposition. Once you feel it inside you, your appearance and the way you conduct yourself... will naturally change to follow suit.
Kaoru: This is the power that costumes hold... I guess you could even call it the magic of clothing.
Maya: Magic... Fufu, it sounds like we're talking about something out of a fairy tale.
Kaoru: You can encounter a new you with the change of your outfit. I, for one, am a living example of this magic.
Maya: I'm sure our director was under the spell of this magic too. Huhehe... It must be the magic of a happy wedding.
Kaoru: I've had an epiphany! We have time before we start organizing. Maya, would you like to try on any of the costumes?
Maya: Huh, me?!
Kaoru: There are so many here. You can feel free to pick and choose as you please.
Kaoru: Since the chance is upon you, why not try on a princess dress? I will change out of this Romeo attire and don the costume of a knight.
Maya: I-I'm fine, really~!
Kaoru: But your eyes say otherwise. They seem to be mesmerized by the magic of clothing. I am most certain that you will discover an entirely new you.
Kaoru: If a princess doesn't suit your fancy, how about a gallant swordsman protecting their Lord? Or a fragile but brave village girl...? Or a brilliant councilor of the King?
Kaoru: Now, name it- which role do you desire to be?
Maya: Which role...? Hmm...
Maya: For me, there really are no other roles but stagehand and idol... Huhehe.
Kaoru: I see. So those are the roles you wish to play.
Maya: I thought about it long and hard... but nothing else comes to mind.
Maya: My staff jacket and my idol costumes... Those are the clothes I feel the most myself in.
Kaoru: Fufu, is that so? My apologies, then. It would seem I have been insensitive by pushing you to choose a different role.
Kaoru: It seems you have been under the magic of clothing's spell all along.
Maya: Huhehe, it would seem so. I only realized it thanks to you, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: It was but a simple matter. Anything for my beloved little kitten.
Maya: More importantly, Kaoru-san, we're about to start organizing the outfits. Can you please take that costume off now?
Kaoru: Hmph... I was just beginning to have some fun. I want to try on a few other outfits... Would you allow it?
Maya: But then we can't start organizing~... Just five more minutes, okay?
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Charm of Backstage Work>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Shopping Mall]

Maya: What's left is some fluorescent tape and masking tape... Maybe I should also get some cables, just in case...
Maya: Huh? {{userName}}-san? Hello.
Maya: Are you here to buy supplies? I'm stocking up on items for the theater club myself. I'm going around to different stores right now...
Maya: Oh, no, I'm not in charge of the inventory for the club. Actually, there's no set person in charge of buying things. Whoever is free at the time does it.
Maya: I was doing an inventory check and noticed we were running low on supplies, so I opted to do the shopping today.
Maya: But it's a lot of stuff? Huhehe, I have a habit of buying a little extra just in case... It'd be problematic if you ended up not having enough.
Maya: Huh, you're also the same? I knew it! I knew you would understand me!
Maya: Not only do you want to have enough, but you always want to have spares, right?
Maya: Besides, there's no harm in having a little more than needed. On the contrary, you feel more secure knowing you have extra in case you ever need it.
Maya: I experienced this myself just the other day...
Maya: Oh, no, it's not related to the theater club. Nor does it have anything to do with work related to Pastel＊Palettes... Not directly, anyway.
Maya: The other day, the director of our variety show had a wedding party, and all of Pastel＊Palettes went.
Maya: It was a wonderful party, and everyone had a great time...
Maya: But there were some complications behind the scenes, and we just happened to be there.
Maya: We didn't want the bride and groom or the guests to worry, so we decided to take care of them ourselves.
Maya: We had to make some bubble solution, chase after a dog...
Maya: Ahaha, it sounds a little ridiculous, but it really happened.
Maya: Yes. Everything went smoothly, and the party was a huge success! I'm just glad we were able to handle it all discreetly without causing everyone to worry.
Maya: So, even though we attended the party as guests, we ended up doing behind-the-scenes work...
Maya: But after seeing how happy the bride and groom were, and all the guests at the party...
Maya: It made me so glad we were able to help. That's the charm of working behind the scenes.
Maya: It reinforced the fact that I truly love working backstage... Huhehe.
Maya: After becoming a member of Pastel＊Palettes and standing center stage, I've come to appreciate those working in the back... even more than before, I think.
Maya: Since I've been on both sides of the stage, there are perhaps some things only I am aware of.
Maya: This happening made me understand what it means to be an idol in my own way.
Maya: ... Oh, sorry, I ended up talking on and on even though we're both in the middle of shopping.
Maya: Anyway, I'll be on my way! If you have time later, let's talk more about working behind the scenes.
