1612_Maya Yamato_R4 That's Why Music Is...

Gacha phrase: If you can't put your feelings into words, please tell me with your drums!

<How We Each Play>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy Entrance - Stairs]

LOCK (Rokka): Hmm, I got here a little early... Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): I can hear drumming... Is that Masuki-san? It sounds like... she's playing "R·I·O·T," but...
LOCK (Rokka): Her drumming seems a little different from normal...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Maya: ... Phew. That's how it sounds when I play it, but I really can't compare to the original drumm-
MASKING (Masuki): Oh man! That was seriously awesome! Gettin' to hear you play "R·I·O·T" is like a dream!
Maya: Ahaha, I'm surprised you would go so far as to say that... I was worried that my playing might be a bit rough.
MASKING (Masuki): There's no way that'd happen! If anything, I'm sorry I made you deal with my selfish request.
MASKING (Masuki): But I just had to hear you playin' it on the drums...
Maya: Not at all. I was happy that you asked!
Maya: I haven't had much chance to play the drum part for other bands' songs lately!
LOCK (Rokka): ... E-excuse me~...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, LOCK.
Maya: Hello! Pardon my intrusion~.
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, is it time for your part-time job? Say somethin' if you're here.
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha... The two of you looked like you were having so much fun, so I didn't want to interrupt you...
Maya: Oh no, I'm sorry to have been a bother... If you're going to start opening preparations, then I should probably go.
LOCK (Rokka): No, it's okay! I won't be touching the stage just yet, so it's not a problem if you stay...
LOCK (Rokka): Um, Maya-senpai, why were you playing the drum part for "R·I·O·T"...?
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, that's 'cause I asked her to. We ran into each other downtown a little while ago.
MASKING (Masuki): I've been wantin' to have a proper talk about drums with her someday, so... I begged her to hang with me.
Maya: Actually, I was hoping for that chance myself. So, since I was here, I asked for the opportunity to play the drum part in a few of RAS's songs.
Maya: I made so many new discoveries I wouldn't have just by listening as an audience member!
Maya: Such as the timing for the chorus where you line up precisely with the other parts being more severe than I thought.
Maya: Or how the phrases that use double pedals are more technical than I imagined... Huhehehe.
MASKING (Masuki): That's just what I'd expect of you, Maya-san. You got it right. It's almost like you can't let your guard down on the drums in any of RAS's songs.
Maya: Right. That's why I was reminded of the composer's, that is, CHU²-san's greatness.
LOCK (Rokka): Her greatness...?
Maya: Yes. I think that RAS's songs are most likely all custom made.
Maya: For example, take the drum part... Even if I were to play it, I wouldn't be able to do it exactly like you, King.
Maya: I'm certain that I would be concerned with the balance between the other parts, and that would make it less than perfect.
MASKING (Masuki): That's-
Maya: But you're different, King. You're able to play aggressively while following the score.
Maya: Only you can play it... In other words, the song was made with the assumption that you'd play it.
Maya: Of course, I'm sure that also applies to LOCK-san's guitar and the other parts.
Maya: RAS's songs are exclusive to all of you.
MASKING & LOCK: ...
Maya: ... Ah, I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to sound so condescending...
MASKING & LOCK: Maya-san, that's amazin'!  Maya-senpai, that's amazing!
MASKING (Masuki): It's just like you said!
MASKING (Masuki): It's almost funny how the songs CHU² makes come so easily to us...!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah! It's incredible that you'd describe how we feel so precisely...!
Maya: Ohh... Th-thank goodness. I'm somewhat relieved to hear that~...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh man~, I'm so glad I asked you for the favor! I know you were talkin' 'bout the songs, but that got both of us fired up!
Maya: Huhehe... It's your band's songs, after all. It's only natural for you to feel that way.
Maya: ... Um, would it be okay for me to ask for a favor as well...?
MASKING (Masuki): Of course! You can ask me for anythin'!
Maya: Well, you see, I'd like for you and LOCK-san to try playing a Pastel＊Palettes song.
Maya: I'm interested to hear how the two of you will play it. And more importantly...
Maya: I also want you to know the merits of our songs.
MASKING (Masuki): ... C-can we?! There are a bunch of songs I've been wantin' to try!
LOCK (Rokka): M-me too! Like "Shuwarin☆Dreaming" or "Pasupa Revolutions☆"!
Maya: ... Ah, but LOCK-san, you have to do opening preparation, don't you...?
LOCK (Rokka): I can handle that with some motivation! It would be a waste not to accept an invitation as enjoyable as this!
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, now you're talkin', LOCK! Alright, get your guitar. We're doin' this!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay! I'll get it right away!
Maya: Huhehehe... This is going to be fun~!


<Warning: Excessive Drum Love>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Huh? It's Maya-chan.
Maya: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Good evening.
Marina: Good evening to you too. Are you heading off somewhere?
Maya: Yes. I was on my way to see a RAS concert.
Marina: I see! How nice~! Speaking of which, there were some fliers for that concert at CiRCLE. If I remember correctly, they're playing at dub today, right?
Maya: Yes! That is their home base, after all. I have high expectations for their performance!
Maya: Last time, I had no choice but to listen from offstage.
Marina: Oh, really...?
Maya: Yes. Pastel＊Palettes participated in a festival the other day, and RAS also performed.
Maya: But our turn on stage was right after RAS's, so...
Marina: Ahh, I see. In that case, you'd have to be on standby offstage.
Maya: Right... It was a chance to hear them perform, but I regret not being able to secure a proper spot or the time to do so.
Maya: That's why I guess you could say... today is my chance to enjoy it on their home turf.
Maya: Sounds from the stage are ultimately made so that you can hear them best from the audience section!
Marina: Fufu. I can practically feel your excitement.
Maya: All of RAS's members have exceptional skills... As a fellow drummer, I'm always astonished by Masuki-san's drumming.
Maya: Under ordinary circumstances, drums have the role of supporting a band's performance, but her drumming has a presence that attempts to steal the lead.
Maya: And yet it doesn't fall apart with crucial aspects like tempo and phrasing, so you could say her skill is almost scary...
Marina: M-Maya-chan? I know I'm the one that started our conversation, but... are you set on time for the concert?
Maya: Huh? ... Agh!
Maya: I-I'd better be getting on my way soon. Huhehe, I'm sorry for going on so much...
Marina: Fufu, that's okay. You really do love Masuki-chan's drumming, don't you?
Maya: Yes, I do!
Maya: Now then, I'll be excusing myself!
Marina: Okay. Have a good time!
