1630_Maya Yamato_R3 Nail-Biting Choice

Gacha phrase: Hrm~... I'm sure it's the card on the right!

<A Lot to Share>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Maya: Lisa-san, I've finished the report for this day! Please check it.
Lisa: Thanks! Ohh~, I completely forgot there were reports that group leaders need to write up~.
Maya: There were individual reports too.
Lisa: Right. My focus went to those instead... Sorry I made you help me out so much, Maya.
Maya: Oh, no! It's no trouble at all! Please let me at least do the report for the day I was the leader.
Lisa: Sigh~. You're seriously a big help. I'm so lucky to be able to do this as a pair♪
Maya: ... The thing is, it would seem the other groups also went through a bit of leader-switching.
Maya: I imagine leaving the burden to just one person was intimidating for them as well.
Lisa: Huh? Seriously?
Lisa: Huh. So everyone felt that way too. If that's true, then I had less and less reason to get so oddly worked up~.
Maya: Fufu, right. But your strong sense of responsibility is one of your wonderful traits.
Maya: And to be honest, I was happy that you asked me to trade places with you as leader partway through.
Lisa: Wait, really?
Maya: Yes! I should have said something to you, but choosing the right words and timing is pretty hard.
Maya: Ultimately, Kaoru-san suggested we wait until you spread your wings yourself... and I agreed with her idea.
Lisa: Aw man. I guess it was totally obvious how nervous I was~.
Maya: You're a dear friend that we've spent time with, after all.
Maya: So, we waited for the right time. Although I was somewhat unsure if you would depend on me.
Lisa: Hmm~, it's because I tend to get pretty enthusiastic. Sorry I made you worry.
Maya: You have nothing to apologize for! We decided that because we wanted to.
Maya: Also, it is surprisingly difficult to rely on someone, entrust something to them, or show them what you consider to be a weak side.
Maya: I'm not saying that you didn't trust us or anything! In your case, it felt that way because you were thinking of other people.
Lisa: Ahaha, you really saw through me.
Lisa: I guess I'm really not aware of it. Or rather, that seems to be my standard way of thinking~.
Lisa: I want everyone to have as much fun as possible without worrying about responsibilities. So I think that if I endure it for a bit and work hard, that might happen~...
Maya: Seeing how I prefer working behind the scenes, I believe I know how that feels.
Maya: I just want everyone to be happy. So I end up thinking I'll do anything to make that happen. But that means...
Maya & Lisa: We feel the exact same way.
Lisa: ... Pft.
Maya: Fufu! That's right. Each of us is thinking the same thing.
Lisa: Ahaha, you really said it! Ohh, I feel so silly~.
Maya: I suppose you could say that during our school excursion, I realized that anew or felt it even more than before.
Maya: I wasn't the only one thinking of others, nor was anyone else.
Maya: There's nothing wrong with depending on others or sharing responsibility... I guess you could say it also serves as sharing sentiments.
Lisa: Mhm, I totally get what you mean. That's exactly how it was.
Lisa: If anything, trying hard to do everything myself made you all worry.
Lisa: More importantly, it's better to have you help out like this so we can smile and laugh together.
Maya: Right! That makes me happy as well.
Lisa: Thanks. Now then. I'll be counting on your help to finish these reports, Maya!
Maya: Of course. Please leave it to me!
Hina: Are you still writing the reports~?
Maya: Ah, Hina-san!
Lisa: Yukina, welcome back. I'm guessing Kaoru and Hina came to check up on us.
Yukina: It would seem so. They followed me on my way back from the staff room.
Kaoru: My dear kittens. If it pleases you, shall I lend a helping hand?
Hina: I'll help too~! That way, it'll be done in a flash.
Lisa: You heard them, Maya. What do you wanna do?
Maya: Fufu... Well then, why don't we accept their offer?


<All of the Time We’ve Spent>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Riverside]

Maya: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello!
Maya: Did you already get our school excursion souvenir from Lisa-san?
Maya: I see. That's great! We chose it after having a group discussion, so we'd be so happy if you liked it.
Maya: Ohh, you liked it that much?! And Marina-san liked it too? That's a relief!
Maya: You may have heard from Lisa-san already, but the destination for our trip was Australia.
Maya: We were surprised and inspired by the new things we saw. It turned out to be an awesome experience!
Maya: Some points were somewhat hectic, but it really was a fun trip.
Maya: As a matter of fact, Lisa-san acted as the leader of our group...
Maya: She was so worried about everyone else it seemed she wasn't enjoying the trip much.
Maya: In other words, I was a little concerned when I saw her like that.
Maya: Fufu. Please don't worry. That was taken care of during our journey.
Maya: It seemed like Lisa-san also enjoyed herself to her heart's content in the end, which I was glad to see.
Maya: ... Yes. It became a very wonderful memory!
Maya: However, during the trip, it also felt like those memories were not just "memories."
Maya: Ahh, I'm sorry! Umm, I don't know if I can explain it very well, but...
Maya: Until we departed, I was under the impression that making memories was the process of grouping fun happenings into a neat little package.
Maya: I thought the trip would be a fixed-form event where our memories of it had to be a certain way.
Maya: But actually, our trip was a continuation of our daily lives.
Maya: I experienced a lot with everyone from Haneoka, and while some mistakes were made, it was fun...
Maya: When I realized that my time at Haneoka has always been like that, the thought warmed my heart.
Maya: The school excursion felt like an event that helped me realize how all of the time up until now was a precious memory.
Maya: When you include that realization, it was the best trip ever!
Maya: Huhehe... Thank you, {{userName}}-san.
Maya: I'm sorry to have suddenly dragged you into such a long conversation. I felt like I had to share these feelings with you.
Maya: That's why I'm glad you listened to what I had to say. Thank you so very much.
Maya: Well, see you again!
