1639_Maya Yamato_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Huhehe, I'm suddenly feeling fired up!

<Catalog of the Future>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: I never imagined that I'd get a surprise during today's recording~!
Eve: Maya-san's Birthday Mission was a complete success!
Chisato: The staff even created a compilation of your famous short scenes.
Maya: That surprised me as well~! It was packed with so many nostalgic memories that I couldn't help but tear up...
Aya: Mhm, me too~! You were so reliable back on the deserted island~!
Hina: Speaking of which, are you planning to go to that island again? You've been looking at a camping goods catalog in the dressing room a lot lately.
Maya: Ahaha... No, I'm not going to the island. But I am interested in camping, so I've been checking this and that.
Eve: How nice! Pitching a tent and barbecuing or even renting a cottage would be wonderful!
Chisato: Also, collecting the tools required for camping seems like something you would get hooked on.
Maya: Actually, the thing is... I'm a little hesitant, so I haven't been able to buy a single thing yet.
Aya: Huh? How come?
Maya: Lately, we've been busy with Pastel＊Palettes assignments and haven't had much chance to go on a trip, have we?
Hina: I see. There'd be no point in buying a full set of goods if you just leave them in a corner of your room.
Maya: Camping in my room alone also sounds like fun, but...
Maya: If given the choice, I'd like to go with all of you at least once.
Chisato: Maya-chan...
Chisato: In that case, all the more reason for you to hurry. When our schedules finally allow for it, we won't be able to go camping without the necessary tools.
Maya: ...! I see. You make a good point...
Maya: I've made up my mind! I'll try putting together a full set!
Hina: Ooh, Maya-chan's boppin'♪ What kinda equipment is listed in that catalog?
Aya: Look, look. The catalog says there is a lineup of 150 kinds of popular camping goods! Even the tents alone have this many varieties~.
Maya: That's right~! To tell you the truth, just flipping through the pages is so thrilling...!
Eve: There are so many pieces of equipment that I have never seen before! I wonder what this is used for.
Maya: Ah, Eve-san, are you interested in that as well?! I was also interested in the latest style of grills...!
Chisato: Fufu. There's the Maya-chan we all know. You're so energetic.
Maya: Huhehe. I suddenly feel fired up! I'm looking forward to the day I can use the camping equipment with all of you!


<Casual Tandem>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Oh? If I'm not mistaken, that motorcycle is...!
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, Maya-san! It's such an honor runnin' into ya in a place like this!
Maya: I knew it! Hello there, Masuki-san! What brings you here today?
MASKING (Masuki): I had a meetin' for some backup work, and I'm on my way home now! What about you?
Maya: I also finished some work and was taking a short walk~!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, what a coincidence!
MASKING (Masuki): Speakin' of which, it was your birthday, wasn't it?! Happy Birthday!
Maya: Ooh! To think King herself would wish me a happy birthday...! Thank you very much~!
MASKING (Masuki): I saw some photos on yer social media. Didja have a birthday party with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes?
Maya: I did! I had another great birthday this year!
Maya: We had food and cake at a restaurant and looked through a camping goods catalog together.
MASKING (Masuki): Campin' goods? Maya-san, do ya go campin'?
Maya: Oh no... I suppose it's more of a future aspiration, but I think it would be nice if I could go with the others someday...
MASKING (Masuki): I see... Y'all seem really busy.
Maya: But I'm certain we'll have the chance eventually!
Maya: I'll have to perfectly master how to use camping equipment before then! I'll really put them to use~!
MASKING (Masuki): That's so like ya, Maya-san! The way ya get fired up over equipment is incredible!
MASKING (Masuki): But... how are ya gonna get used to usin' 'em? Are ya gonna use the cookware at home or somethin'...?
Maya: Actually, I was thinking of camping out in my garden at home by myself.
Maya: I'll pitch a tent, light a lantern, and listen to Pastel＊Palettes music as I look up at the night sky... That sounds like a lovely way to spend an evening~!
MASKING (Masuki): I see...! That's awesome!
MASKING (Masuki): Maya-san! Once ya go campin' with Pastel＊Palettes, would ya go campin' with me next?!
Maya: What?! C-c-c-camping with King~?! I would be honored~!
MASKING (Masuki): Really?! I'll take us out on my bike! I'll even get ya yer own helmet!
Maya: I-I couldn't make you do that~!
Maya: But I would definitely want to go motorcycle camping, so I'll arrange for a helmet myself!
