1651_Maya Yamato_R3 Even without Words

Gacha phrase: Plays do have a certain magic to them, after all.

<Present For...>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Phew. That should be all the checking I need to do here.
Maya: Now I just have to go over the props I was asked to look at, check the costumes... Oh, and make a list of all the changes to the staging that I jotted in the script.
Maya: It might be a good idea to write up a to-do list so I don't miss anything...
Ako: Ah, Maya-san~.
Maya: Ako-san! Hello. Did you just get done with club activities?
Ako: Yeah! Are you still working? The theater club seems super busy.
Maya: Yes, but we're almost there! Everyone's just really motivated because it's Kaoru-san's final play!
Ako: Makes sense. It's going to be soon, though, huh? I'm so excited!
Maya: So am I! We're determined to make it a good one!
Ako: Great♪ I'll be wishing you the best!
Maya: Thank you! Be careful on your way home!
Ako: I will~! See you tomorrow~!
Maya: Yes, see you tomorrow!
Kaoru: The cheers of little kittens are always most encouraging.
Maya: Kaoru-san!
Maya: I was so focused on work that I didn't notice you at all.
Kaoru: Is everything here coming along smoothly?
Maya: Yes, and thank you for asking.
Kaoru: Excellent. However... as grateful as I am that you are so absorbed that you have lost track of time, a little respite may be in order, no?
Maya: Hmm... I can still keep going though. I want to make as much progress as possible while I have time!
Kaoru: As you wish... That said, since you lately seem to be staying after club hours, do not hesitate to seek my help if you believe I can be of use to you.
Maya: Thank you very much, but this is for your big play.
Maya: I don't want to end up wishing I'd done a better job preparing. Now just happens to be the time to dig in!
Kaoru: I had no doubt you would say that, and it seems there is nothing I can do to convince you otherwise.
Kaoru: ... Although you may find it best at times to yield to the currents of fate.
Maya: Hm?
Lisa: Maya~☆ We've brought you some goodies♪
Ako: Yeah~! Hope you don't mind the intrusion~!
Maya: Ako-san?! And Lisa-san?!
Ako: Ehehe, I got a bit worried and came back.
Lisa: And I'm here 'cause I heard from Ako~. Just look at you~, Maya! I knew you'd be busting yourself~!
Maya: A-ahaha... I may have gotten a little carried away.
Lisa: I totally get where you're coming from~. But the fact that it's an important play is all the more reason for you to rest so that you can see it through to the end!
Lisa: Here, fluids and nutrition!
Maya: Wh-whoa! Th-thank you!
Ako: Ehehe, this snack's really cute, don't you think~? The box is shaped like one of Santa's boots!
Maya: It is, but it feels a little early for Christmas...
Lisa: Hey~, stop being so nitpicky♪
Kaoru: Fufu, what lovely gifts. Do you think I may enjoy them as well?
Lisa: Of course☆ You totally should have them together!
Ako: Alright, well, I'm really going home this time!
Lisa: See ya~, Maya, Kaoru.
Maya: W-wait, you're leaving already? You came all the way, so why don't you join us...?
Lisa: If we stick around, I just know we'll end up chatting forever. We want you to take a break, but it's not like we're trying to interfere or anything.
Lisa: Consider the Christmas play to be your way of repaying us, and we fully intend to collect♪
Maya: In that case, you have nothing to worry about. You'll have yourselves an amazing play for sure!
Kaoru: Indeed. I, too, shall aim to go beyond your expectations.
Lisa: Can't wait! Alright, then. Good luck!
Maya: Thank you very much! We'll give everything we have!
Maya: Now I have even more reason to be motivated to make the play good.
Kaoru: True. But there is no need for concern.
Kaoru: We have a most outstanding stage director and set of actors. A good performance is all but guaranteed... Is that not so?
Maya: Fufu... Right!
(Black cut)


<As the Culmination>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Riverside]

Maya: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Maya: Shopping? You're such a hard worker!
Maya: I've just been taking a stroll while thinking about the theater club's last play.
Maya: Oh, you heard from Kaoru-san? That really was a memorable performance.
Maya: Although Kaoru-san already left the theater club, a lot of her fans had been saying they wanted to see her perform one last time before she graduates.
Maya: The purpose of the play was to grant that wish.
Maya: Everyone in the theater club was really committed as well because it was going to be Kaoru-san's final play...
Maya: That's what helped turn it into something worthy of a final performance!
Maya: Huhehe... Well, it wasn't just me! It was a group effort!
Maya: That said, I still do appreciate the kind words, so thank you!
Maya: For me, the play represented the culmination of everything Kaoru-san has done...
Maya: There was also the possibility that it would be the last play that Kaoru-san and I would work on together...
Maya: While it was definitely a special play for Kaoru-san, the fact that it could be our last time working together made it special for me as well.
Maya: ... Yes, it's probably something I'm going to miss.
Maya: But at the same time, I also feel proud.
Maya: Kaoru-san's acting has constantly evolved. She's always played each role with such confidence, but lately, it's felt like there's something more.
Maya: Hmm, what's a good way to put it...? I guess you could say it feels more "Kaoru Seta" now.
Maya: Using the play as an example, she managed to perfectly embody the role of Cinderella's prince while imbuing it with "Kaoru Seta's" unique charm.
Maya: What kind of stage direction will showcase what makes the prince and Kaoru Seta so attractive?
Maya: Are there any slight changes to the lighting, positioning, props, costumes, or lines that would make them work better...?
Maya: There were lots of factors to consider, and looking back, my time in the theater club was full of such trial and error.
Maya: It wouldn't be an exaggeration to call the Christmas play a culmination of all those things.
Maya: Kaoru-san expressed all of that on stage through her acting... It was so touching.
Maya: Thank you. Seeing her take everything I've worked so hard to learn and showing the results on stage really did make me happy.
Maya: Just remembering is making me feel emotional again.
Maya: The Christmas play... and all my memories of my time in the theater club are precious and wonderful.
Maya: Ah, I'm sorry. I got a little carried away! I apologize for interrupting your shopping and keeping you here for so long!
Maya: Maybe we can talk about this again! Goodbye, and thank you!
(Black cut)
