1721_Maya Yamato_R5 A Story That Starts Now

Gacha phrase: But I'm happy because I feel like we have some major help on our side!

<Dreaming with Eyes Open>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Budokan - Offstage]

Maya: The day... The day we play on this stage... has finally come...
Chisato: Yes... We won some difficult matches and finally made our way here.
Eve: As winners of the TIS, as unrivaled idols, let us show everyone what we are capable of!
Aya: Yeah...! Let's have the time of our lives playing at the Budokan.
Maya: Aya-san, you seem more relaxed than usual.
Aya: Fufu, maybe I am. Because now we've become the top idols. I'm nervous, but I'm more excited to make this show the greatest event our fans will ever experience.
Hina: Really~? But didn't you just write the kanji for "people" on your hand and then swallow it to get rid of your nerves?
Aya: D-don't talk about that, Hina-chan~! Ugh~, and I had finally calmed down too~.
Maya: Fufu. Well, I'm really excited too.
Maya: Being able to perform at the Budokan like this feels like a dream... Hrm? A... dream?
Aya: ...? What's wrong, Maya-chan? What about a dream?
Maya: Ah, oh, it's nothing.
Staff: Pastel＊Palettes, please stand by to go!
Maya: Okay! Everyone, shall we?
Aya: Alright~! This is going to be the best show ever~!
Pastel＊Palettes: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: ... Mhn... Uhn~...
Maya: Hrm...?
Chisato: Oh, you're awake.
Maya: ... Where's the stage...?
Chisato: The stage? Fufu, it's rare for you to fall asleep like that.
Eve: We have spent the whole day visiting many places. You must be tired.
Maya: ... Ahaha, I guess so. Huh, the car must have rocked me to sleep without me realizing it.
Aya: Are you thirsty? We have drinks.
Maya: Oh? Thank you.
Eve: Nao-san bought drinks for us a moment ago. She said it will still be a while until she can get us to our homes.
Hina: You were sleeping, so we got a bunch of drinks for you to choose from~.
Hina: Let's see~, there's sparkling water and green tea and orange juice and~... Here, take whatever you like from this bag~.
Nao: Hikawa~, try to stay in your seat while the car's moving~.
Hina: Ah, okay~. Sorry 'bout that~.
Maya: Thank you. In that case, I'll have the green tea.
Eve: By the way, Maya-san, it sounded like you were saying something in your sleep a minute ago. Were you dreaming?
Maya: What? I was taking in my sleep? Ahaha... How embarrassing~...
Eve: Ah, no. It was more like mumbling. I could not understand what you were saying, but you sounded very happy.
Maya: R-really? Actually... I was dreaming of us playing at the Budokan.
Aya: Whaaat?! That's amazing! Maybe it's because we were just standing on the stage there.
Maya: Ahaha... Maybe. It was a dream where we were standing offstage at the Budokan, and we were just about to go on.
Chisato: So that's why you were talking about a stage as you were waking up.
Hina: So, so? What was it like? If we were playing at the Budokan, then that means we won the TIS, right?
Maya: Well... I could hear the audience cheering so loudly. We were just about to walk out onto the stage and start the show. That's when it ended.
Aya: I see~! I bet the cheers were so loud that it sounded like the whole venue was going to shake apart, didn't it?
Maya: Yes, and the air felt so hot... I remember my heart beating so fast in the dream.
Hina: I see~. Ahaha, maybe I'll dream of being at the Budokan too when I get home tonight~.
Eve: Perhaps you will see the rest of Maya-san's dream.
Aya: But I don't just want to dream about us playing at the Budokan. I want us to actually do it and hear the audience cheering for us.
Hina: We know, we know. To do that, we're gonna have to win the TIS~.
Eve: For the Pastel＊Palettes, even that is not beyond our reach!
Chisato: Yes, that's right. Let's all work hard so Maya-chan's dream can become a reality.
Maya: Yes, I want to hear cheers in real life that are even louder than the ones I just heard in my dream!
Aya: Alright~, let's do our best~!
Pastel＊Palettes: Yeah~!
Nao: In that case, I better get this engine going at full throttle~. Ladies, hold on tight~!
Maya: Ahh, it's okay to drive safely~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Our Feelings Are One>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Edogawa Music]

Maya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi! Are you shopping?
Marina: Hi. We were thinking of restocking some of CiRCLE's supplies. How about you?
Maya: I came to buy some new drumsticks.
Marina: I see! Is it because you're getting ready for the Tokyo Idol Summit?
Maya: So you know about the TIS! Well, that's exactly why I'm here.
Maya: We're about to start seriously rehearsing for the TIS, so I thought I'd get some new drumsticks before my old ones break.
Maya: Plus, I thought this would be a good time to do something that'll get me pumped for the TIS.
Marina: I see. Aya-chan told me about the TIS. She seemed so happy about it.
Maya: That's because the TIS is a huge event for idols like us.
Maya: When I heard we were going to be in it, I couldn't contain my excitement either!
Marina: Fufu, hearing you talk about it is kind of getting me excited for it~. I hope you can win.
Maya: Me too! To do that, I've been making an effort to get to our studio early recently.
Maya: One day, when I thought I was super early, I opened the door to find someone already there practicing!
Maya: Some days, we even all arrive early and start practicing ahead of schedule...
Maya: But it's not like someone decided we should do that. It just happened naturally. I kind of like it... Huhehe.
Marina: Fufu, that's great. It means everyone wants to do the same thing.
Maya: Right! Well, we have work too, so we can't do that for every rehearsal...
Maya: But it seems like the others are using time when they're not working to do solo practice. When we play, I can tell the difference, and it makes me really happy!
Maya: I'll have to work even harder so they don't leave me behind!
Marina: Pastel＊Palettes is really an amazing group to have a friendly rivalry between members like that.
Maya: Huhehe... Thank you. I think so too!
Maya: We're going to do our best during the TIS so even more people can discover us!
Marina: Good, give it your all! We're rooting for you!
Maya: We will! It was nice talking with you. I'll be at CiRCLE to practice again, so I'll see you then.
