1759_Maya Yamato_R5 Infinite Possibilities

Gacha phrase: I imagine I won't be able to choose on my own...

<In Pursuit of the Ultimate Brew>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: This one...? No. Then this feels like it wouldn't match... Hrm~, what should I do...?
Hina: Phew~. Today's recording was so long~!
Chisato: Ohh, Hina-chan. While we were recording, you were so excited, saying you want to do more...
Maya: As I thought, this should be... Ah! Hina-san, Chisato-san. Hello!
Chisato: Yes. Hello to you as well, Maya-chan.
Hina: Ah, Maya-chan's drinking coffee! Mmm~, it smells good~♪
Maya: Would the two of you like some? I'll prepare it immediately.
Chisato: Thank you. But I feel somewhat bad asking you to do that.
Maya: Not at all. Please don't worry about it!
Chisato: Really? In that case, I'll gladly have some.
(Black cut)
Maya: Thank you for waiting~. Here you are!
Hina: Thanks! ... Mmm~! It's so good! It tastes kind of different from our usual coffee.
Chisato: It has an elegant sweetness and a pleasant aftertaste... Thank you for the delicious coffee, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huhehe. You're welcome.
Chisato: By the way, you seemed to be absorbed in your thoughts just a minute ago...
Hina: That's right! You had a really intense look on your face. Did something happen?
Maya: Well... There's something I'm a little uncertain of.
Hina: Really? What is it, what is it?
Maya: The thing is, I made the decision to join the Outdoor Society at university.
Maya: The coffee they brewed for me during my experience with them was so delicious...!
Maya: So, I tried borrowing a full equipment set with a kettle and coffee mill!
Hina: Hmm~... Ah! Did you also brew our coffees with those tools?
Maya: Yes, that's right!
Chisato: So, brewing it with specialty tools makes for a richer flavor. But... from what you've said, you seem to be having fun, so I can't imagine that would make you worry...
Maya: That's... Please take a look at this.
Chisato: An outdoor equipment catalog...?
Hina: Wooow! There are so many options for just the kettles alone! And this page is full of drippers!
Maya: Yes! That's right!! I'm actually being plagued by how many varieties there are!
Maya: First, let's start with the coffee, which can be enjoyed traditionally and casually. When I searched with that in mind, I found an outrageous variety of just drippers.
Maya: And when you add filters and cups into the mix, there are seemingly infinite choices...!
Maya: Each item has its own characteristics, so while I would like to try them all, I'm sure that would be difficult, so... I was wondering what to do.
Hina: Ahaha! So that's what was up. You're the same as ever, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huh?
Hina: I mean, you had your brow furrowed, and you were all, "I don't know what to do," so I thought you were worried about something more serious than that~.
Chisato: Fufu. Right. But it's a relief to know it wasn't something negative.
Maya: Agh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to worry you... The way I expressed myself was confusing.
Chisato: Not at all. It just means that you're being that serious about the outdoors.
Chisato: Fufu... This may act as a gateway that leads you to be particular about your brewing methods and not just your equipment.
Maya: That's just like you, Chisato-san. You see through everything...!
Maya: The thing is, I've already had Hazawa-san teach me how to brew coffee.
Hina: For coffee, don't you just need to add hot water?
Maya: Actually, that's not the case~. A single cup of coffee can be brewed in so many different ways! It's so interesting and profound.
Maya: By the way, there's one method that I highly recommend when brewing coffee while camping...
Maya: ... Ah!
Chisato: What's the matter, Maya-chan?
Maya: I just thought of something good! Why don't we go on a Pastel＊Palettes camping trip sometime?
Hina: Camping?! Nice! Sounds like fun!
Maya: I'll use my recommended method of brewing then!
Chisato: That is wonderful. I would very much like to try it. All of us going camping also sounds like it would be fun.
Hina: Mhm! That had me feeling really boppin' just now♪ We definitely have to go camping together!
Maya: Yeah! I'll do my best to make sure that I can brew coffee that's even more delicious.
Hina: Then you'll have to keep on practicing! More coffee, please~!
Chisato: Oh my. In that case, I suppose I'll have some as well.
Maya: You two... Huhehe. Thank you very much!


<The Future Winds Blow>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Shopping Mall]

Maya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Are you shopping?
Marina: Yep. We're on a CiRCLE shopping run. Are you also doing some shopping?
Maya: I am! I came to look at outdoor equipment.
Marina: Is that so? How nice. Are you going camping or something?
Maya: Yes, although it won't be right away. The truth is, I joined a club called the Outdoor Society the other day. So, I thought I'd prepare for those activities today.
Marina: Wow~! The Outdoor Society, huh~? You once said you played an active part on the deserted island, so that's perfect for you!
Maya: Huhehe. Do you think so?
Marina: Yeah! But I thought you would join a theater club, so I'm also a little surprised.
Maya: Right. It might not seem like it, but I wasn't exactly sure what club to join. That's because all of them were so charming!
Maya: I still love theater even now, of course. But as a university student and as an idol, I wanted to try something new.
Maya: As I was talking about that with Sayo-san and Matsubara-san... Kaoru-san gallantly appeared.
Maya: And before I knew it, we had started looking around the clubs... Ultimately, the Outdoor Society resonated with me the most.
Marina: I see~. A gut feeling like that... or rather the feeling of getting hooked on something in your heart is important, huh?
Maya: That's right~! That's exactly how it was for me!
Maya: Strangely enough, a theater club wasn't an option for me. It might be because I felt that I accomplished everything in Haneoka's Theater Club, but...
Maya: Thinking about it now, Kaoru-san not joining a theater club may also have been one of my reasons.
Maya: If Kaoru-san is adding to her experience in a new place that isn't any kind of theater club, then so will I... I think that's part of how I felt.
Marina: I see. There may have been a part of you that was influenced by her.
Maya: Right. But just like her, my love for theater and the stage hasn't changed.
Maya: That's why even if my environment changes and I do something new, my roots are still connected to her... Does it sound like I'm trying too hard to sound cool?
Marina: Not at all! I think you and Kaoru-san have a wonderful relationship.
Maya: Huhehe. Thank you very much!
Maya: I might not be involved with theater in university, but I did end up being involved with Pastel＊Palettes' staging team.
Maya: A concert's stage production is different than theater, but it's such an honor for me to get the chance to interact with a world that has so many things in common with it!
Marina: Ooh~! That'll be something to look forward to in the future!
Maya: Huhehe... I'll be sure to leverage my experience in Theater Club in my stage productions!
Maya: And then, in the future, the day might come when I'll use that experience in theater.
Marina: Fufu. Thinking about it that way has me feeling excited now.
Maya: I'm so happy you would say that!
Maya: Well, I don't know what will happen from here on out, but that's exactly why I want to enjoy what's in front of me... and that's the Outdoor Society and staging!
Marina: Yeah! We'll be cheering for you, too. Good luck!
Maya: Thank you very much! I will wholeheartedly do the best I can!
