1790_Maya Yamato_R4 What Lies Ahead

Gacha phrase: Come on, just a bit more!

<Absolute Faith>

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Residential Area]

Maya: Today's shoot was a bit stressful because of all the staff we had to work with for the first time, wasn't it? At least everything worked out though.
Maya: Not to mention, it's been some time since it was just the two of us at a shoot...
Eve: ...
Maya: ... Eve-san, are you okay?
Eve: F-forgive me! I could not stop worrying about Aya-san... and I made work difficult for you as a result...
Maya: No, no, you didn't!
Maya: I know the director said at the start that your smile was a little stiff, but you were able to switch gears after that.
Eve: I-I was? I'm relieved you feel that way...
Maya: Yes, so you have nothing to worry about!
Eve: But you were still able to work normally despite also being worried about Aya-san...
Maya: Hmm... That might be because I'm not actually worried.
Eve: What?!
Maya: Oh! N-no! I'm not saying I don't care about her or anything like that...!
Maya: I was just as badly upset as you when Nao-san said she was removing Aya-san as our vocalist...
Maya: And with each passing day, the more I thought about it, the bigger my worry and sense of powerlessness became...
Eve: Those are the same exact feelings I am having.....
Maya: Understandably. In fact, I myself couldn't stop thinking about Aya-san until yesterday.
Eve: Until yesterday...? Does that mean something happened?!
Maya: Not quite. Before going to bed last night, I thought about it carefully.
Maya: I tried imagining what sort of band Pastel＊Palettes would be without Aya-san's singing.
Eve: I-I see...
Maya: And what happened was...
Eve: Yes...?
Maya: Absolutely nothing came to mind~.
Eve: What...?
Maya: No matter how many times I thought about it, I couldn't imagine a Pastel＊Palettes without her as our vocalist.
Eve: ...!
Maya: Every possible future I imagined ended up with Aya-san passing Nao-san's test and keeping her role...
Maya: Huhehe, it didn't make any sense to me either.
Maya: But then it hit me. The reason why I couldn't imagine a different outcome was because Aya-san has never shown herself doing anything else.
Maya: All the trials she's ever had to face, she's managed to overcome...
Maya: Getting back up over and over again. Never giving up. She's continued to be our vocalist.
Maya: That's why I think... no, I know things will be okay this time as well.
Eve: Maya-san...!
Maya: Right now, Aya-san must be exhausted and full of uncertainty. She's lost and struggling and looks to be in so much pain.
Maya: But I can see this light deep down in her eyes. It's the same burning something that appears whenever she's determined not to give up.
Maya: When she has that look in her eye... it means she'll find a way in the end...! I'm sure of it...!
Eve: How could I have forgotten...! Aya-san will surely persevere!
Eve: I, too, cannot imagine an Aya-san who fails to pass...
Eve: The only Aya-san I can see is an Aya-san shedding tears of joy after overcoming this trial...!
Maya: Fufu, right?
Eve: Thank you very much, Maya-san! I now know that the bushido way is to have faith!
Maya: Ohh, Eve-san! Your usual smile is back!
Maya: What we have to do now then is provide what support we can so that this all becomes a reality.
Eve: Provide support...
Eve: Then we must train! I must go to the rehearsal studio now to hone my skills!
Maya: I was just thinking of doing the same myself!
Eve: Then let us strike while the iron is hot! We have work to do!
Maya: Wow! That's a lot of enthusiasm, Eve-san, but I happen to have plenty as well~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What I Need to Do>

(Character: Maya Yamato)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Hey, isn't that Maya-chan over there reading a magazine? Hey~, Maya-chan!
Maya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: That's the music magazine you write a column for, isn't it? I didn't know the new issue was out! I better grab a copy for CiRCLE.
Maya: Much appreciated! For this month's issue, I actually wrote about my feelings and goals surrounding getting to be in the TIS, but...
Marina: ... Hm? Something wrong?
Maya: Oh, no. It's just that the feelings I had when I wrote this column have ended up changing somewhat...
Marina: Right... I watched the TIS too... A lot did happen, huh?
Maya: Yes... When I found out we were going to be in the TIS, I was so full of excitement...
Maya: Now, though, that's all been overshadowed by anxiety and worry...
Marina: I see... Does it maybe have to do with Aya-chan coming close to being swapped out as the vocalist?
Maya: Yes... A person far better at being an idol than I am got criticized like that and told she still wasn't doing good enough...
Maya: It made me think about where that left someone like me...
Maya: Oh...! I-I'm so sorry for all the gloomy talk...
Marina: It's fine. Wouldn't want you to have to keep all of that bottled up and end up suffering more.
Marina: You're welcome to come talk to us anytime, okay? In fact, we insist that you do.
Maya: Thank you very much! When it comes to all the people who are in my life, I really am so lucky.
Maya: That's why I also want to become someone who can offer advice and support when others feel anxious.
Maya: To do that, though, I need to become even more confident in myself as an idol...
Maya: Just like Aya-san did this time, I'm going to do my best to overcome my limitations as an idol, and I'll keep doing it as many times as I have to!
Marina: I'm sure you'll be able to, Maya-chan. Looking forward to seeing your progress.
Maya: Thank you. I think talking about it has helped me start to get a sense of what I need to do!
Maya: I'll probably still end up worrying and feeling uncertain at some point during the TIS though... Do you think it's okay for me to come and talk about it?
Marina: Anytime!
Maya: Okay! Thank you very much! Anyway, I have a job to do today, so I'm going to go and focus on it! Take care!
