event92-04 Chapter 3: Off Towards the Parade

No one can hold back their excitement for the parade. What will they find as they walk around...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Halloween Event Area]

Kasumi: The parade has finally begun! Trick or treat!
Arisa: Hold on, there are way too many people here! It wasn't this crowded earlier, was it?
Saya: A lot of people came out to see the parade, so I guess it does seem that way! Fufufu♪
Rimi: Wah, sorry! O-Tae-chan! I stepped on your foot!
Tae: It's fine! I've already bumped into Arisa like a hundred times now.
Arisa: Oh, that was you, O-Tae?!
Kasumi: So, I know we're just walking around the city in costumes, but I'm having a blast!
Saya: I know exactly what you mean~! It just feels so unusual. It's exciting.
Rimi: And everything looks so different from usual too!
Kasumi: Hey, Rimi-rin! Why don't we shout together?!
Rimi: What? Shout? W-why?!
Kasumi: I just feel like shouting! When I say "go," let's shout "Happy Halloween!" I'm gonna count us in~! Ready, steady-
Saya: Wait a minute. I wanna do it too!
Kasumi: Yeah~, Saya, join us! Let's do it! Wait, O-Tae and Arisa, you should do it with us too!
Arisa: Huh? U-us too?!
Kasumi: Okay, for real this time~! Ready, steady, go!
All: Happy Halloween!
All: Ahahahaha!
Rimi: That felt really good~!
Saya: Ah~, this is the best! It's the one time of year you can yell in the middle of the city! Fufufu.
Arisa: Saya is getting really into this whole thing... I guess that's the power of the unusual. It's kind of freaky...
Kasumi: Wow! Hey, guys! The lady in front of me just gave me some candy! Thank you so much!
Arisa: Oh, I heard that the people in this parade give out candy among themselves, and they get some from people in the streets too.
Kasumi: Oh~, I see! If I'd known that, I would've brought more candy~.
Arisa: I also heard that there are judges walking in the parade, rating everyone's costumes.
Kasumi: What?! I didn't know that.
Arisa: Well, it was written on the website, you know? You should've at least read that.
Tae: You read it multiple times, right, Arisa?
Arisa: I just read it o-once!
Saya: That's right, and isn't there a stage at the end of the parade where you do something to appeal to the judges?
Kasumi: Really?! What?! What are we gonna do?! We have to come up with a plan before we get there! We have to win!
Arisa: No way! Look at the quality of the costumes around us! And that family that took a photo with us before was super high quality!
Rimi: Maybe this year we could just see how it goes, and next year we could try to win.
Kasumi: You're right! Let's definitely win next year then!
Tae: You know, there sure are a lot of people who bring their pets, aren't there? I should've brought Oddie along.
Saya: That's what I was thinking. Sana and Jun would probably love to come too.
Tae: Now that I think about it, when I left home, Oddie looked like he wanted to come with me.
Arisa: Huh? What would you even dress Oddie in?
Tae: Hm~. Well, I'm dressed as a rabbit, so Oddie could be... me?
Arisa: You really live in your own world, O-Tae.
Kasumi: Then let's do that next year! We can invite our families to the parade!
Rimi: Yes, I agree! I'm not sure if my older sister would come, but I'll ask her anyway!
Tae: What about you, Arisa? Your grandma?
Arisa: No, no, no...
Saya: Fufufu, that'd be great~! I wanna see what your grandma would dress up as!
Arisa: Cut it out! There's no way she'd come!
Kasumi: I wonder what kind of costume would suit her.
Tae: She could be a bonsai tree.
Kasumi: That's a good one! And Arisa could stand behind her with a watering can!
Rimi: What about the one we saw before? The Queen of Hearts.
Saya: Fufufu, that could work too! Then Arisa would be Alice, right?
Tae: Ah, it'd be "Arisa in Wonderland."
Arisa: Again with that? Didn't you make that joke last year?! And stop talking about my grandma!
Arisa: I'm only saying this once, but you guys better not mention this to her. If she finds out, she might actually go along with it and try to come...
Kasumi: Ahahaha♪ I would probably invite Aa-chan~. I think it would be really fun if she came with us.
Kasumi: Ah~... But Aa-chan might go with Ako and Lock instead~. She doesn't hang out with me very much lately~.
Saya: Isn't that just proof that Asuka-chan's enjoying herself over at Haneoka? I think that's a good thing, don't you?
Kasumi: I guess... Yeah, you're right! Thanks, Saya!
Kasumi: ... Huh? Whaaat?!
Saya: Huh? What's wrong, Kasumi? Why are you yelling...?
Kasumi: I think... I think that's...!
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi! Wait up!
