event92-02 Chapter 1: What Should We Go As?

Poppin'Party contemplate their costumes for the Halloween Parade.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Saya: So, how's it going? Has everyone decided what kind of costume they're gonna wear?
Kasumi: Hm~, I can't decide~. They all look like so much fun. Now I wanna try them all.
Rimi: I had a little look on my phone, but there are so many options. This is going to be hard...
Tae: This zombie one looks like when they use special-effects makeup in the movies. It's so good.
Saya: I think that one is a bit above our level~. It would be really cool if we could make it look that real though.
Arisa: Yeah, we also don't have that much time or money. I mean, we still have to prepare for next month's concert.
Saya: By the way, Arisa, do you have any ideas for costumes?
Arisa: I-I don't. I told you, anything is fine... I'll leave it to you guys.
Kasumi: In that case, what about this fluffy one~? They sell stuff like this at the party-goods store! Arisa, won't you do this one with me? We can match!
Arisa: Isn't that just one of "those"? You know, those costumes that look cute but have nothing to do with Halloween?
Kasumi: Oh~, when you put it that way, I guess it is. Then, how about this Dracula one?
Arisa: Hm~, it doesn't feel right~. With that one, it's like you're basically just wearing a tuxedo...
Saya: Arisa... You're more into this than I thought.
Arisa: I'm not into it!
Arisa: Besides, Halloween isn't just a dress-up event you know.
Kasumi: I know that. It's one of those customs, right? Where everyone... dresses like monsters?
Arisa: That kind of sounded like a bad quiz-show answer.
Rimi: Okay, so they say that Halloween was originally an event where people would summon the spirits of their ancestors.
Rimi: But evil spirits and demons would come out too, so people would dress up as monsters and pretend to be friends with them. That prevented them from doing anything bad.
Saya: Oh~, I see. So that's what it was all about. Of course you'd have all the answers, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: There's a lot of horror films centered around Halloween. I guess I just learned about it from watching them.
Rimi: Would you... like to watch one together sometime?
Kasumi: Uh... yeah. I really want to... watch them.
Arisa: It's super obvious you're just trying to grin and bear it.
Kasumi: N-no, I'm not doing that~.
Rimi: I'm sorry, Kasumi-chan. I was just kidding. Don't worry.
Saya: Fufufu. Well, let's talk about that another time. Right now, why don't we decide on our costumes?
Rimi: Actually, I thought it might come in handy for reference, so I brought this along.
Kasumi: Huh? What did you bring? I wanna see~!
Rimi: It's just this...
Saya: "The Complete Collection of Ghosts and Monsters of the World"...? These illustrations are quite realistic and intense, aren't they...?
Arisa: If we use this for reference, they're not gonna be very cute costumes...
Rimi: Y-you're right! Let's forget about this...
Arisa: No, that's not what I meant!
Kasumi: I wanna see it! I haven't decided what I wanna be at all, so it'd be so much easier with a picture book like that!
Tae: Let's all look at it together!
Kasumi: Ah! What was that one just now? Its clothes were kind of cute.
Rimi: Ah, this one? This is a jiangshi. It's a creature from Chinese folklore. I suppose you could say they're similar to zombies.
Kasumi: Something like this could be good! It's cuter than a zombie too!
Tae: What's this one? The one with lots of snakes on its head.
Rimi: Ah, that one is...
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Ahhh~! That was fun! There are so many different kinds of monsters~. But I still like the first one we saw the best, the jiangshi.
Saya: It had a cute outfit, so it will probably suit you, Kasumi. I think I'll be a witch or a vampire~... Which one should I pick?
Rimi: Have you decided on something, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Hm~, Not yet... I'm gonna think about it more on my own. But what did you pick, Rimi?
Rimi: I'm... not sure yet. I don't get the chance to wear costumes very often, so I kind of want to think about it more carefully. What about you, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: Hm~... Could you show me the book again?
Rimi: Of course! Here, take a look...
Tae: Um~... Make this one like that... Ah, right. If I pick this one, it would look like this. In that case~... Yeah, I've got it!
Tae: I will be a rabbit.
Arisa: Why even ask for the book?!
