event92-01 Opening: Arisa's Conditions

The downtown area is filled with Halloween decorations. Can Kasumi contain her enthusiasm...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: Sorry. My student council duties took forever. Were you waiting long?
Kasumi: No, not really. I was just thinking about our new song anyway.
Arisa: Huh? Where's Saya and the others?
Kasumi: They said they were going ahead to set up decorations downtown.
Arisa: Huh? Decorations?
Kasumi: Downtown is getting a Halloween makeover today! They said they were gonna go and help out. I think they got a phone call from Saya's dad.
Arisa: Ah, I see. So Rimi and O-Tae went with her? Does that mean we're gonna meet up with them downtown?
Kasumi: Yeah, I think so. I can't wait to see how it looks~.
Kasumi: Wow~. It's that time of year already~. Halloween always makes me feel so excited~♪
Arisa: Here we go...
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Arisa: Nothing.
Kasumi: You know how people dress up on Halloween? I love those kinds of costumes~. Don't you wanna try and dress up like that, just once?
Arisa: Hm~, not really.
Kasumi: Speaking of which, there are Halloween parades too, aren't there? ... How do you think it feels to be in that kind of thing? I wonder if it's fun~.
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi... Stop looking at me like that, would you?
Arisa: There's no way I'm gonna do something like that.
Kasumi: What? I haven't even said anything yet!
Arisa: But you were about to say, "I wanna go," right?
Kasumi: Yeah, but...
Arisa: See!
Kasumi: But I didn't say it yet! You're saying no when I haven't asked you anything! That's weird!
Arisa: Anyway, we have a concert next month. Shouldn't we be focusing on that?
Kasumi: Well, yeah~... But if we don't go, we won't have another chance until next year. Next year!
Arisa: Come on, I told you to get ready to leave. Right now, we have to practice for next month's concert!
Kasumi: Arisa~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Saya: Put a jack-o'-lantern here... Yeah! I think we're done.
Rimi: Wow~, It looks so good~. Now the area feels much more lively~.
Tae: Fufufu, Halloween decorations are magical, I get kind of excited just looking at them!
Saya: You're right, they're making me feel a bit excited too, fufufu. I bet Kasumi will be so happy when she sees all this.
Rimi: She will! I can picture Kasumi-chan's face now.
Tae: Oh? That's Kasumi and Arisa over there. ... Huh? Kasumi doesn't look happy at all.
Saya: You're right, I wonder what's wrong. Kasumi~! Arisa~! Over here~!
Kasumi: Hey~, Saya. Listen to this~. You know what Arisa said~?
Arisa: Hey, why're you saying it like that?! You're making me sound like the bad guy!
Saya: Okay, okay, guys! First, instead of standing around, why don't we go back to my place and talk about it?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Residence - Saya's Room]

Arisa: I've said it before and I'll say it again. I don't like crowded places like that. You at least know that, right?
Kasumi: Yeah~, I know. That's why I couldn't just come out and ask~.
Arisa: And besides, you haven't even finished the new song for our concert next month.
Kasumi: I know, I'm gonna work on it soon~.
Arisa: Saya, say something~. She's being such a brat...
Saya: Me? I... I think I'd also like to go, so I agree with Kasumi, I guess?
Arisa: What?!
Saya: Well, you know how I was helping with the Halloween decorations? It kind of got me in the mood for it...
Kasumi: Right, right! I knew it, Saya! You know exactly how I feel~! What about you, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: S-sorry, Arisa-chan... I think I might also want to go...
Arisa: S-Seriously...? Even you, Rimi?!
Tae: If we do go, this one sounds good. "Halloween Parade for Parents, Children, and Friends." I think we can sign up for it on our phones.
Arisa: O-Tae, you sound like you're already planning to go!
Kasumi: Yeah~, see! That's what I was saying!! I told you everyone would wanna go.
Arisa: You know... You guys are really too soft on Kasumi...
Saya: No, we're not. I just think I'd like to give it a go since we have the chance. It'll make for some good memories too.
Arisa: I-I feel kind of betrayed...  ... Ugh, fine. But I have conditions!
Arisa: We leave before it gets dark! And if we have homework, we do that first! If you don't agree to these, there's no way I'm going!
Kasumi: Arisa... Thank you~! We can definitely do that! I promise I'll follow your conditions!
Saya: Arisa agreeing to something like this... You really have changed~.
Arisa: Whatever! Anyway, you better do what I said! Because I haven't forgotten about what happened at last year's fireworks festival! You didn't even do your homework that time!
Kasumi: Ah... That's... over and done with.
Arisa: Says who?!
Kasumi: A-anyway! I can't wait to spend the Halloween Parade with you all!
Kasumi, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Woo!
Arisa: ... Ugh~.
