event92-07 Ending: Halloween Never Ends!

The girls recount their adventures this Halloween. With candy in tow, the next stop is...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After the Event]

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: And did you see?! There was a person whose costume made their eyes look like they were popping out!
Saya: Yeah! I saw that one! I turned around and they were right behind me. It gave me such a fright!
Rimi: Fufufu. That one was more special-effects makeup than a costume! That person must be so skilled~.
Tae: We didn't win the costume contest this year, but let's definitely win it next year!
Kasumi: Yeah, we have to!
Arisa: You know that's impossible, right?! How can you even say that after seeing the quality of everyone's costumes?!
Kasumi: Did you guys see the team that won? They were a really big group.
Rimi: When they danced on the stage, they were perfectly in sync with each other. It felt like we were watching something really amazing, didn't it?
Saya: Yeah... It was pretty intense.
Kasumi: That means... we have to get even more people to join us next year!
Kasumi: We can get Jun-jun and Sanan, Oddie, Yuri-senpai... Oh, and Aa-chan and Lock!
Tae: Kasumi, you forgot Arisa's grandma.
Kasumi: Ah, yeah!
Arisa: Leave my grandma out of this!
All: Ahahaha.
Rimi: I wonder if they liked our performance.
Arisa: All we did was call out our band name, so I don't think that really counts as a performance. Well, it was improvised anyway. What more could we expect?
Kasumi: But I think they liked it quite a bit. And afterward, a lot of people asked me about our show next month.
Saya: What would you do if they all came to next month's show still in costume? Hehehe♪
Kasumi: That would be funny! We should dress up too!
Rimi: Ohhh~, that sounds like fun!
Arisa: Don't you have something else to think about first, Kasumi? Like the lyrics for our new song?!
Kasumi: I know, I know! I have a lot of ideas in my head now! If we didn't come to the parade, I probably wouldn't have had any at all!
Tae: I'm ready to hear what you came up with~.
Kasumi: Hehe~♪ Our new song... You better all be looking forward to it.
Rimi: Of course. I'm absolutely looking forward to it!
Arisa: Huh? Kasumi, did you just drop something?
Kasumi: What? Ah, this? It's candy. I got so much that it won't all fit in my bag.
Saya: I got quite a lot too~. If we put all our candy together, we'd probably have a considerable amount. I wonder if we can eat it all...
Arisa: ...Ah, you know where we need to go then?
Saya: Hm? Where?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Saya: Jun~! Sana~! Come over here~! I have something for you both~!
Rimi: Now I get it~. Yeah, we can't possibly eat this much candy all by ourselves.
Kasumi: Jun-jun and Sanan will be so happy when they see all the treats we brought them!
Tae: Good job, Arisa! What an achievement!
Arisa: Huh~? What are you on about?
Kasumi: Nice one, Arisa!
Arisa: S-Stop making fun of me!
Rimi: Arisa-chan... Your face is bright red!
Arisa: It's just the sun! The sun is hitting my face!
Saya: Thanks to you, I can give my brother and sister a nice surprise. Thanks a lot, Arisa.
Arisa: I didn't do it on purpose! It was probably just...
Arisa: The power of the unusual?
Saya: Fufufu♪ ... Makes sense to me. It is Halloween, after all!
Kasumi: Ah, Saya! Jun-jun and Sanan are coming!
Saya: Jun~! Sana~! Happy Halloween!
All: Happy Halloween!
(Black cut)
