event92-03 Chapter 2: A Poppin'Party Halloween!

The five members, dressed in their individual costumes, arrive at the parade venue.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Halloween Day]

[Halloween Event Area]

Kasumi: Wow~, this is amazing! Look at how many people are here~!
Arisa: And everyone is in costume too... What a strange sight.
Saya: You say it's strange, Arisa, but you're dressed up as Little Red Riding Hood right now.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, you look sooo cute in that costume♪
Arisa: Y-Yeah, I heard you already~. You kept saying that before we got on the train.
Tae: For someone who didn't really want to do this in the first place, I think you might've put the most effort into your costume, Arisa.
Arisa: W-well! If I was the only one who didn't put any effort in, I would've looked out of place. And also I-
Saya: It's okay, it's okay. We understand, we really do.
Arisa: U-understand what?!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, your jiangshi costume is also really cute! Especially that paper talisman!
Kasumi: Right?! It's because I tried my best to draw it from the pictures in the book! It's all thanks to you, Rimi-rin~.
Saya: Ah, hey guys. I think we can sign up over there. Should we go and line up?
(Black cut)
Saya: Alright, we're all signed up. I got maps of the parade route for everyone. Here you go~
Kasumi: Hey, hey, look! That's a movie character over there, right?! You know, what's it called?! That movie! The sci-fi one!
Saya: Oh, it is! What a great costume~. Doesn't it look like they just stepped off the screen?
Arisa: I guess since it's a "Halloween Parade for Parents, Children, and Friends," there are quite a few kids here.
Rimi: Wow, that girl! She's so adorable! She's dressed as Alice in Wonderland, and her mother is the Queen of Hearts, right? They look like they're having so much fun~.
Tae: Hm? Did they dress up their pet too? What is that...? A rabbit? A dog...?
Arisa: It's that rabbit, right? The White Rabbit from Alice in Wonderland. It looks like they put rabbit ears on a poodle? Interesting~.
Kasumi: Ah, that's what it is!
Saya: If you look closely, the leash looks like a pocket watch. Fufufu, everyone's costumes are so detailed~.
Kasumi: I know! I'm gonna go ask them for a photo!
Tae: Ah, wait! I'll go with you!
Saya: Kasumi~! Don't go off too far~!
Saya: Fufufu, Kasumi looks like she's really enjoying herself. Aren't you glad we came, Arisa?
Arisa: Huh? Why're you asking me?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan worked so hard to finish all of her homework for today, and you even kept an eye on her just in case, Arisa-chan. I'm so glad we could all come here together!
Arisa: Yeah, but she hasn't finished the other thing: the lyrics for our new song. They're nowhere near done. Will they even be ready in time for the concert next month?
Rimi: I'm sure it will be fine!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan's lyrics are inspired by things that sparkle and make her heart pound, right? So I think coming to a place like this and having lots of fun will inspire some good lyrics!.
Saya: I agree. There's no need to worry, Arisa.
Arisa: I-I'm not that worried. ...Ah, Kasumi's coming back.
Rimi: Look. She's holding that dog from before!
Kasumi: I'm back~! Guys, look at this cutie~! I got permission to hold our little rabbit imposter!
Arisa: Wait, Kasumi?! Did that permission include bringing their pet over here?
Kasumi: They told me we could all take a photo together. So let's do it! Guys, come over here!
Rimi: Awww~, this is the first time I've seen a dog wearing rabbit ears. So adorable~.
Kasumi: Saya, why don't you come closer and pet the doggy?
Saya: I think I'll stay over here... Animals don't really like me, remember...?
Kasumi: It'll be fine! Just for a few seconds.
Saya: Y-You think? Okay, I guess if it's not for too long...
Poodle: *whine*
Saya: Whoa... Are you snuggling up to me...?
Saya: Guys, look! An animal actually came to me!
Kasumi: See~, I told you! It's your witch magic, Saya♪
Saya: Fufufu, maybe! Oh! Then let's quickly take a photo before my magic wears off!
Kasumi: Okay! Everyone, get ready~! Alright, now say it with me. Who are we?!
Kasumi: We are~...
All: Poppin'Party!
