event92-06 Chapter 5: The Power of the Unusual

Though the parade is over, Poppin'Party is reluctant to leave... until Arisa remembers something.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Halloween Event Area]

Kasumi: Hey, Arisa. Where are we on the map right now? Were we around this part when we ran into Aa-chan and Lock before?
Arisa: Um... Ah, we're around this area, aren't we? Look, there's the bridge, so we must be.
Rimi: According to the map, the parade finishes across this bridge. Aw~, it's going to be over soon.
Kasumi: No, I don't want it to end~. I wanna walk more~.
Tae: Then how about we walk home like this?
Kasumi: Oh, O-Tae! That's a great idea!
Arisa: That's impossible. We came here by train, remember?
Kasumi: Yeah, but~... I still wanna walk more~.
Saya: I wonder why walking around in costume is so much fun. Don't you think it's kind of strange?
Rimi: It really is. I was even able to talk to people I don't know, and I took so many photos. Look, I'll show you.
Arisa: Whoa, you took this many?! Huh? You even took a photo with a foreigner? When was that?
Kasumi: A little earlier. We went together~, didn't we, Rimi-rin? Actually, Rimi-rin was the one that asked them.
Saya: Nice one, Rimi-rin. That takes courage.
Rimi: I worked up the nerve to approach them, but they actually spoke like a native... I was quite relieved but also a little disappointed. It was a complicated feeling.
Saya: Hehehe... But you tried your best, Rimi-rin! That's what counts.
Rimi: Thanks, Saya-chan. Maybe this is what you meant by 'the power of the unusual'?
Kasumi: See, Arisa~. Aren't you glad you came to the parade after all~? You can't find an unusual atmosphere like this just anywhere you know~.
Arisa: You keep saying everything is 'unusual', but we've basically been talking about the same things we usually do.
Rimi: When you put it like that, I suppose we have been. But I do feel like we've laughed even more than usual.
Kasumi: Me too! That's also gotta be the power of the unusual!
Tae: Ah, by the way, I wonder how the costume contest went. They said there were judges in the parade rating people's costumes, right?
Kasumi: Ah, yeah! They said something like that! I know we probably won't win, but... we could at least be the runners-up...
Arisa: No, no, that definitely won't happen! ... Oh... Ahhh!
Saya: W-What's wrong, Arisa? What happened?
Arisa: W-we completely forgot...The last part of the parade...!
Arisa: Where we have to appeal to the judges on the stage!
All: Ahhh!
Saya: That's right, someone brought it up before...
Arisa: So, what're we gonna do?! A performance or something? I mean, it'd make sense! We haven't talked about this at all!
Rimi: We're almost over the bridge.
Arisa: Whoa, isn't that the stage over there?! I didn't expect it to look so much like the real deal...!
Rimi: There's quite a lot of people watching too.
Arisa: This is bad. This is really bad. We have to decide now!
Rimi: What about magic? Kasumi-chan, you did some at the New Year's talent show, didn't you? We could try that...
Kasumi: What~?! But I haven't prepared any tricks!
Tae: If only we had some instruments, then we could just perform.
Kasumi: What should we do~? Saya~? Do you have any ideas?
Saya: You guys... You're panicking too much.
Arisa: Huh? Saya...?
Saya: Aren't you all forgetting the most important thing? Today is an 'unusual' day!
Arisa: What do you mean by that?
Saya: You said you felt like we laughed a lot more today, even though we were just talking about the same stuff we always do, right?
Saya: So shouldn't we just do what we always do on the stage too?
Kasumi: What we... always do?
Saya: Look, we've already done it many times today. Fufufu♪
Arisa: Is the power of the unusual... changing Saya...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Stage]

Kasumi: We are~...
All: Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Ah, that's right! We're performing at CiRCLE next month. Please come along and watch us~! Happy Halloween!
(Black cut)
