event192-03 Chapter 2: Not Uncommon, But...

Arisa can't recall the reason for her fight with her grandmother...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: "I practiced cooking today. I made tamagoyaki and grilled fish."
Arisa: "The fish was a salted and grilled Pacific saury. The tamagoyaki was Grandma's recipe."
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa's Grandma: Arisa, be careful not to burn yourself.
Arisa: I'll be okay. Don't worry so much about me. I can make this much by myself.
Arisa: See! Now I just have to roll it up nicely... Huh? Uhmm...
Arisa: ... It's all black...
Arisa's Grandma: You did very well, Arisa. Now would you let Grandma eat the tamagoyaki you made?
Arisa: Huh? But it's all burnt. It'll taste yucky.
Arisa's Grandma: If it's something made by you, it's a treat for me. Arisa, go on and eat the one I made.
Arisa: Th-thanks... So yummy...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Arisa: ... Sigh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tae: Arisa's mind seems to be elsewhere...
Kasumi: Even during class, she sighed a bunch of times! I wonder if she's still thinking about the diary...
Saya: But even if we ask her directly, I'm sure she'll just say everything's fine.
Kasumi: Hmm...
Rimi: ... Hey!
Rimi: I'll go talk to Arisa-chan. I want to give her this, anyway...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Sigh...
Rimi: A-Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Hm?
Arisa: Ohh, hey~. What's up?
Rimi: Uhm, here's your share!
Arisa: My share...?
Rimi: My grandma sent me these treats. They're my favorite, and she used to buy them for me a lot when I was little.
Arisa: Really? From your grandma, huh...?
Rimi: Hearing about when you were little the other day made me want to talk to my grandma, so I gave her a call...
Rimi: That's when she mentioned how much I loved these sweets and sent me a whole lot.
Arisa: Ah... Wait. Is it okay for me to have some? They're your favorite.
Rimi: Of course it's okay! My grandma sent me so much that there's no way I can finish them all.
Arisa: Thanks. I'll take one, then.
Rimi: Sure, go ahead! I should mention it's filled with chocolate cream inside.
Arisa: Mmm, you're right. I didn't expect it to have such a western taste.
Rimi: Fufu, it's delicious, right...? You see, I've also been a grandma's girl since I was little.
Arisa: You too?
Rimi: Yup. You know me, I was pretty shy and withdrawn. Even when I went to play at the park or something, I couldn't really make any friends.
Rimi: My mom and dad said I'd be able to if I just kept trying, but my grandma said I didn't have to force myself.
Rimi: She also spoiled me a whole lot. Whenever I said I wanted to eat those sweets, she got them for me.
Arisa: Haha... Yeah, my grandma was the same way.
Arisa: On the way back from music school, I'd say I wanted to go to the park, but she'd still say yes, even when she needed to prepare dinner and stuff.
Arisa: Also... when I stopped going to school much, she didn't say anything either. She said she was okay with it because it was what I wanted.
Arisa: ...
Rimi: Arisa-chan...?
Arisa: ... I'm sure you've all noticed by now, but I'm still thinking about that diary.
Arisa: I don't remember exactly what happened or why we fought, but I remember telling Grandma that I hated her.
Arisa: I mean, I know fighting with family isn't exactly uncommon or anything. But... I think... I went a little overboard by saying that... I hated her...
Rimi: Arisa-chan... In that case-
Kasumi: In that case, let's find out what happened!
Arisa: Wha?! Where did you crawl out from, Kasumi?!
Kasumi: You helped me and Hagu look for our childhood park, Arisa.
Kasumi: So this time, I want to be the one to help you get to the bottom of what's bothering you! We'll all help!
Arisa: We...?
Saya: We're your friends, Arisa. After seeing how hung up you are, we can't just leave you alone.
Tae: Plus, I want to know more about what you were like when you were little.
Arisa: You guys...
Rimi: Arisa-chan, will you let us help you?
Arisa: Rimi...
Arisa: ... I feel kinda bad since this is just about me, though... You sure it's okay?
Kasumi: Of course! Let "Operation: Find Out Why Arisa and Her Grandma Had a Fight" begin!
Arisa: Uh, that name... could use some work...
