event192-04 Chapter 3: Unkept Promise

As the girls try to uncover the cause of the fight, Arisa remembers something...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: "Today at music school, I got a Best Effort Award star for the first time."
Arisa: "I won't become conceited. I'll keep doing my best."
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... Here you go.
Arisa's Grandma: Isn't this the star you received today...?
Arisa: Mhmm, and I'm giving it to you.
Arisa's Grandma: Are you sure? These are very hard to get.
Arisa: It's fine. I want to give it to you. Besides, I'm sure I'll get more.
Arisa's Grandma: Thank you. You're such a kind child, Arisa.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: I wonder if Arisa-chan was able to ask...
Tae: She said she was going to ask her grandma on her own first, but it's hard to say how things will turn out.
Saya: Hmm...
Kasumi: She's back!
Saya: Arisa, how'd it go?
Arisa: ... No use. I tried asking lightheartedly if we ever fought when I was little, but Grandma said she didn't remember and just laughed.
Rimi: Oh...
Kasumi: In that case, we're up next!
Arisa: No need to try too hard, okay? This is just about me anyway.
Tae: It's okay, don't worry. Say, Kasumi, what's the plan for us?
Kasumi: Strategy number two! If Arisa asking didn't work, then we'll go ask!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Hi!
Arisa's Grandma: Oh, my. Can I help you with something?
Saya: Sorry that this is all so sudden, but there's something about Arisa we'd like to ask.
Arisa's Grandma: Arisa?
Saya: Yes. Uhm, well...
Tae: Did you ever fight with her when she was little?
Arisa's Grandma: With Arisa? Let's see...
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi & Saya: ...
Arisa's Grandma: No, I don't recall doing so.
Saya: I see...
Kasumi: Say, what was little Arisa like?
Rimi: Huh? Kasumi-chan...?!
Arisa's Grandma: Oh, are you interested in hearing stories about her from those days?
Kasumi, Saya, Tae & Rimi: Absolutely!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... There. That's kind of how it goes.
Arisa's Grandma: That was terrific! Arisa, you're so good at the piano.
Arisa: It's not that amazing. I've practiced so much that that much is easy.
Arisa: I can play it for you anytime if you want to hear it again.
Arisa's Grandma: Thank you. You're really incredible. And also...
Arisa: Also what?
Arisa's Grandma: You enjoy the piano a lot, don't you? You always look like you're having so much fun when you're playing.
Arisa: I-I do...?
Arisa's Grandma: Mhmm. Watching you have a good time is something I enjoy doing.
Arisa: ... Oh. Then from now on, I'll try to have even more fun playing the piano.
Arisa's Grandma: It'll take that as a promise, Arisa.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... I did make a promise like that, huh...?
Arisa: (Ever since reading the diary, I'm starting to remember more about the past.)
Arisa: (Well, seeing as I quit playing the piano and stopped going to school, it's not like I've kept that promise.)
Arisa: Oh, you guys are back. Were you able to get any information?
Kasumi: We were! We got to hear about your past!
Arisa: For real?! So, what did you find out...?!
Kasumi: We found out you really looked like you enjoyed playing the piano when you were little! How cute is that~?!
Arisa: Wha...?! What the heck did you ask?!
