event192-05 Chapter 4: From Bitter to Better Memory

A past memory comes to Arisa as the girls try to uncover the cause of the fight.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: "Today, some people from my piano class at music school invited me out to play."
Arisa: "I said no because my grandma and I had a promise that day. They said we could play another time."
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa's Grandma: Oh, it looks like you've made some friends.
Arisa: They're not really friends... We just talk sometimes.
Arisa's Grandma: Fufu. I see.
Arisa's Grandma: ... Arisa. It's important to take good care of your friends.
Arisa: Grandma...?
Arisa's Grandma: Friends are more important than becoming better at playing the piano or making a good tamagoyaki. You understand, Arisa?
Arisa: ... Mhmm. Okay.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kasumi: We still don't have any clue~...
Saya: Yup. Asking Arisa's grandma didn't help either.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, are you still having no luck remembering anything...?
Arisa: Yeah. Sorry...
Saya: You don't need to apologize. I wonder if there's any other way though...
Kasumi: I know! When I was looking for my childhood park, we tried doing the same things as back then in order. Why don't we try that?
Arisa: In order...?
Tae: That might be a good idea. Arisa, leave it to me to pretend to be your grandma.
Arisa: No, let's not do that! Besides, I can't even remember at all how the fight went...
Tae: Oh? We'll need another way then...
Arisa: ...
Arisa: (Everyone's been thinking so hard for my sake... But at this rate...)
Arisa: (In that case...)
Arisa: ... You guys have done enough already. There's no need to keep at it anymore.
Saya: Huh? Arisa, why are you suddenly saying that?
Arisa: If I still can't remember, I'm sure it wasn't a big deal, to begin with. Maybe it's like my grandma said, and there really was no fight.
Kasumi: You don't have to say we've done enough! Like we said before, your problems are our problems too.
Arisa: I know, and I wanna thank all of you for trying to help me out this whole time.
Arisa: Not to mention, Kasumi, you're the one who's always saying it's better to focus on the future than worry about the past.
Arisa: There's actually this event I've been looking into for a while. Here, take a look. I've been wanting to show this to you all.
Tae: A flier?
Kasumi: Wow, a concert! It looks like it'd be so much fun!
Arisa: Right? I actually wanted to tell you guys about it after that massive clean-up. It's coming up pretty soon, and we'd have to start practicing if we're gonna be in it.
Saya: It does seem fun, but...
Arisa: Great, sounds like you're all on board. Enough about the past already then!
Kasumi: W-wait a minute! No! It'll mean you...
Rimi: ... Arisa-chan, are you really okay with that?
Arisa: Huh? Oh, come on, Rimi. You too?
Rimi: You haven't been yourself since earlier, Arisa-chan. You're usually so observant when it comes to us...
Rimi: But now, it's like you're in a hurry to move on.
Tae: True. It doesn't seem like the usual you, Arisa. Is this all for us?
Arisa: No, of course not...
Saya: I agree with you two. Arisa, are you worried you'll just end up wasting our time because of how everything's going?
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Arisa! You don't have to lie because you think it's better for us!
Arisa: Lie...
(White cut)
(Background change)
???: ... Grandma, you liar!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... Wait a sec...
Rimi: What's wrong, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Déjà vu... I feel like something like this happened before...
Tae: ...? It has?
Arisa: Not with all of you... I'm talking about before we met. Like way before...
(White cut)
(Background change)
???: ... Something suddenly came up that Grandma has to take care of...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... That's right... That's what happened... At that time, Grandma...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: She broke her promise for my sake...
