event192-06 Chapter 5: Another Promise

The events of that day and the days that followed have led to Arisa's now.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: ... Grandma, you liar! You said we could go out together on our next day off!
Arisa's Grandma: I'm sorry, Arisa. Something suddenly came up that Grandma has to take care of...
Arisa's Grandma: So, you should go and play with those friends that invited you befo-
Arisa: I'm not going! Forget it! I don't care about you anymore...!
Arisa's Grandma: Arisa...
Arisa: You broke your promise, Grandma... I hate you...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ...
Rimi: .. So that's what happened.
Arisa: Yeah... She found out some kids from music school had invited me out to play...
Arisa: And she started saying she had something else to do and couldn't be with me so that I could be with them.
Arisa: But I got upset because she broke her promise... In the end, I shut myself in my room and didn't even go out.
Arisa: Haha... I can't believe I forgot something this important. I mean, I even said "I hate you" to her.
Rimi: It can't be helped. You didn't know at the time...
Arisa: ... Thanks, I appreciate it, but...
Tae: ... You and your grandma are pretty similar, you know?
Arisa: Huh?
Tae: How you think of others before thinking about yourself. That's just like her.
Arisa: Me and her...?
Saya: Yup. You certainly are alike. The way both of you are so kind.
Arisa: ...!
Arisa: ... Thanks, guys.
Arisa: ... I wanna apologize to Grandma.
Kasumi: Then, what are you waiting for? Let's go now!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa's Grandma: ... It should be about time Arisa comes home with everyone.
Arisa: Grandma!
Arisa's Grandma: Hm?
Arisa's Grandma: What's wrong, girls? All of you look like you're in such a rush...
Arisa: Pant, pant... I just really wanted to see you as soon as possible...
Arisa's Grandma: Me? What's going on...?
Arisa: Grandma... I'm so sorry I said you broke your promise when I was little!
Arisa's Grandma: Broke my promise...?
Arisa: I remembered what happened back then. And I realized why you said what you did and how much you were thinking about me.
Arisa: But I didn't see at the time... so I said such horrible things to you.
Arisa's Grandma: Arisa...
Arisa: You never mentioned you did it all for me, though, and you kept being kind to me like before...
Arisa: But I finally get it now. Late as this may be...
Arisa: I've really been wanting to tell you properly... I'm so sorry, Grandma. And also...
Arisa: ... Thank you.
Arisa's Grandma: ... I'm very sorry too, Arisa.
Arisa: What?! You have nothing to apologize for...
Arisa's Grandma: I had no idea what I did was bothering you so much. It looks like you're a lot more mature than I thought.
Arisa's Grandma: ... You see, all I want is for you to always be smiling, to be with your friends, and always be able to have a good time with them.
Arisa's Grandma: So I told that lie... But all it did was make you sad.
Arisa: ... That's not true, Grandma. I know it's late, but I want you to know how happy your feelings make me...
Arisa: ... Both back then... and now.
Arisa's Grandma: You really are such a kind child, Arisa.
Arisa: ... Grandma.
Arisa's Grandma: ... Girls.
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi & Saya: ...!
Arisa's Grandma: I know you've been friends with Arisa for a while, but I still want to thank you now for that.
Arisa's Grandma: Even when she stopped going to school regularly, I thought it was okay because it was what she wanted.
Arisa's Grandma: But seeing her now... She seems so much happier every day compared to back then.
Arisa's Grandma: And I'm sure it's thanks to all of you being in her life.
Arisa: Grandma...
Arisa's Grandma: What I've said doesn't just apply to Arisa though. Seeing you girls always having fun playing music in the basement also brings me so much joy.
Kasumi: Aww...
Arisa's Grandma: ... Arisa, do you still feel bad?
Arisa: Well, uhm... Yeah...
Arisa's Grandma: Then keep telling me more about what you're enjoying. Whether it's about school, friends, or your band...
Arisa's Grandma: That's all it takes to make me happy, you know?
Arisa: ...!
Arisa: ... Alright. I promise, Grandma.
Arisa's Grandma: I'll hold you to that then, Arisa.
