event192-01 Opening: A Page about That Summer

Kasumi finds something while the girls are cleaning the basement...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Cough, cough... There's so much dust in places you don't usually see.
Arisa: Tell me about it~. That's why it's necessary to do a massive clean-up once in a while.
Saya: Rimi-rin, are you alright? You should probably put on a mask when dusting the top of the shelves.
Arisa: It may be dusty up there, but over here's no exception either. Places like behind the amp need a good cleaning too.
Tae: Okay, let's move it then. Kasumi, you grab that side.
Kasumi: Okay! One... Two...!
Kasumi: Ah, this scratch here...!
Arisa: Oh yeah, I remember that. From when the amp slipped and got dropped when it was being moved.
Rimi: I-I'm so sorry about that time...
Arisa: No, no. I wasn't blaming you or anything! Besides, it's not like the amp broke.
Kasumi: Hey, look! I found a bunch of event fliers!
Tae: Wow, these sure bring back memories. We had such a hard time picking which event to perform in between these two since their schedules overlapped.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! All the shows were so much fun...
Arisa: ... Guys, stop reminiscing and get some cleaning done...
Kasumi: Oh! Right!
Arisa: Seriously...
Saya: Fufu, when you find something memorable while cleaning, it's hard not to stop and go down memory lane, huh~?
Arisa: Although it feels like more time gets spent stopping than doing any cleaning...
Kasumi: ... Ah! Hey, take a look at this!
Arisa: I just talked about the lack of cleaning that gets done, and there you go...!
Tae: What is it? Ah...!
Rimi: Wow...!
Saya: Fufu, this is certainly interesting~.
Arisa: ... Geez, what are you guys looking at and grin-
Arisa: ...?!
Kasumi: Oh, come look with us, Arisa! It's your diary from when you were little!
Arisa: Wh-why would I look at that?! And more importantly, where did you guys find it?!
Tae: Just on that shelf over there.
Arisa: Just on the shelf?! All this time, and I never even noticed...
Arisa: Anyway, I'm taking that! I am so glad I got this back before you guys read any of it...
Kasumi: Aww~! Are you sure we can't read it?
Arisa: Yeah!
Kasumi: Not even a little?
Arisa: Not even a little!
Kasumi: Ohh, you're such a meanie, Arisa!
Arisa: Fine by me. Anyway, we've got cleaning to do.
Kasumi: ... Glance.
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: ... Glance, glance.
Arisa: ...
Rimi: A-Arisa-chan...
Arisa: ... Fine! You want to read it, right?!
Kasumi: Huh? You'll actually let us?!
Arisa: What else can I do when you keep staring at me with your "I wanna see!" puppy eyes?!
Saya: Fufu. Despite how you act, you sure are soft when it comes to Kasumi, Arisa~.
Tae: Yup. So kind.
Arisa: Sh-shut up!
Arisa: Anyway, fine, whatever. You guys better not laugh, make fun of me, or bring this up later, okay? You promise?!
Kasumi & Tae: Yes~!
Arisa: Geez, look at how meek you become when it suits you... Alright, here we go.
