event267-02 Chapter 1: What Being an "Idol" Means

After rehearsal, Chisato gathers everyone at a café. There’s something she needs to say―

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Café]

Hina: It’s been a while since we all went to a café together! What did you get, Aya-chan?
Aya: I went with the seasonal latte.
Eve: Maya-san and I got the same one. It’s sweet and totally washes away the tiredness from work!
Hina: Aw man, guess that means we all got the same thing~.
Chisato: Hey everyone, how about some cookies? They’re a new release, so I thought we could share.
Aya: Really? Thank you! I’ll dig in~.
Chisato: Fufu...
Hina: So Chisato-chan, what did you want to talk about?
Chisato: Sorry to bring this up when we’re all tired, but I thought it was something we should discuss together at least once...
Maya: It’s about Marmalade, right...?
Aya: ......
Eve: Nao-san said she’s come to terms with it, but... is that really true? If it were me, I think I’d be devastated.
Hina: Hey, Aya-chan. What kind of person was Miharu-san?
Aya: I only knew her as an idol, but... she was really cool.
Aya: She felt like someone who was born to be an idol—always shining.
Aya: You could totally tell just from watching the stage how much Ayumi-san and Nao-san adored Miharu-san...
Aya: That’s why... when Miharu-san was crushed by the weight of expectations, I think it must’ve hit Ayumi-san and Nao-san really hard.
Aya: Actually... I went to Marmalade’s Budokan live...
Chisato: So you did...
Aya: It was incredible. The venue was huge, like nothing I’d ever seen, and all three of them sparkled on stage... When Ayumi-san broke into tears during the MC, I couldn’t help but cry too.
Aya: I sent so many fan letters too. I always had so much I wanted to say that they ended up really long...
Aya: But... what if something I wrote ended up adding to the pressure on them...?
Eve: You didn’t do anything wrong, Aya-san!
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: It’s true that the cheers and expectations might’ve been a heavy burden on them... but I don’t think that’s the only reason.
Eve: As idols ourselves, I think we understand that better than anyone.
Aya: Yeah... I get it in my head, but my heart’s still kind of all over the place...
Maya: Yeah... I think I’d be just as shaken if I were in your shoes, Aya-san.
Hina: Hmm...
Hina: I mean, what does “don’t live up to fans’ expectations” even mean?
Aya: Huh?
Hina: If you get a fan letter, it totally makes you go boppin'~♪ right? But if that inspires you to give your best at the next live, that’s... wrong?
Maya: It might sound extreme, but I think that’s what Nao-san meant when she said not to live for fan expectations.
Hina: Isn’t that kind of hard though? Especially for you, Aya-chan. You’re always encouraged by the fans and fired up to do your best.
Aya: Yeah. Like Hina-chan said, the fans’ words mean so much to me.
Chisato: That sounds just like you, Aya-chan. But... I think I kind of understand how Miharu-san might have felt.
Hina: Really?
Chisato: I’m not saying I find fan support to be a burden.
Chisato: But being an “idol” means constantly living up to the ideal that fans imagine.
Chisato: At least, that’s what I believe an idol is. Or maybe you could say “a pro.”
Chisato: I’ve felt that pressure so many times—like “Chisato-chan has to be perfect all the time” or “Chisato-chan has to be like this.”
Chisato: Even if the scale’s different, I think we’ve all had similar experiences.
Hina: Hmmmmmm...
Chisato: Fufu, sounds like it didn’t quite click for Hina-chan.
Maya: Now that you mention it, there was a time when I struggled with trying to act “idol-like.”
Maya: Back then I felt like idols had to be sweet and cute, like there was a certain image I had to live up to...
Maya: Maybe for Marmalade... for Miharu-san, it just went too far.
Eve: It’s so sad... The fans who dreamed of something in their idols, and the idols who tried their best to meet those dreams... Neither side was wrong.
Chisato: Yeah... It just takes one little thing being off, and suddenly... It could happen to anyone.
Aya: ...Even us?
All: ......!
Chisato: That’s...
Food Cart Clerk: Excuse me, we’re closing in ten minutes―
Maya: R-Right. I didn’t realize it was that late...
Chisato: Let’s continue this another time. Sorry for keeping you all so long.
Aya: ......
Chisato: Aya-chan. I might have just made things even more confusing with all this, but... we still know what we need to do at TIS.
Chisato: One is to keep living up to our fans’ expectations, just like we always have. The other is to continue the story of idols.
Eve: The story of idols... You mean carrying on the feelings of everyone in Marmalade too, right?
Maya: The feelings of idols who’ve already disbanded... We have to carry them...
Eve: Do you think we can? Just like we’ve done up until now...?
Chisato: ...We have to. The performance is getting closer, and I can’t afford to stop now...
Hina: Hmm...
Maya: Hina-san, is something wrong? You’ve been kind of lost in thought...
Hina: Ah, kinda. But I can’t really put it into words, so... whatever! Let’s just do our best at TIS~.
Maya: You’re as steady as ever, Hina-san. That actually brings me a lot of comfort right now.
Hina: Eh, how come?
Aya: Fufu...
Aya: ......
Chisato: ...Alright then, let’s head home. We’ve got practice early tomorrow too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
