event201-07 Ending: Beyond the Sparkling Feeling

What are Kasumi's thoughts after their impromptu show at the festival?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After the Event]

[Light Music Club - Outdoor Stage]

Kasumi: Mmm~! That show was so much fun~!
Rimi: Jazz, punk... Seeing all those bands play music I don't usually listen to was really interesting.
Saya: Yeah. There were a lot of bands whose styles were so unique, it'd be hard to describe them in a genre, too. And they were all really fired up.
Arisa: Seriously though, I wasn't expecting to have to play at this thing. My heart was about to jump out of my throat.
Tae: Being able to go all out on my guitar felt really good, actually. You felt the same way, didn't you, Arisa? That's how you sounded, at least.
Arisa: Really...? Well, if that's how it sounded to you, then that's fine, I guess...
Saya: Fufu. Who would have thought we'd end up playing three whole songs. I was nervous at first, but it ended up being a lot of fun.
Rimi: It was over before I knew it, yeah.
Pres: Great job everyone~! That was fantastic! Just watching you guys play feels like it's given me a huge energy boost!
Tae's Coworker: "Live Beyond!!" and "Mirai Train!" Man, that was the best~!
Kasumi: Thank you so much! We gave it our all!
Pres: The audience looked like they loved it, too! It's like your music's pure fun turned into sound! It's been ages since I've heard anything like that!
Kasumi: Ehehe~, you're gonna make me blush~.
Tae's Coworker: She's right, though. Seeing how excited you all were onstage made me really excited to watch, too.
Tae: Yes! Good, we managed to reach them with our music!
Pres: Thanks again! Seriously, this has been the best campus festival concert ever!
Saya: I'm just glad we were able to help. I mean, you even lent us equipment to use... Thank you.
Tae: I really like how this guitar sounds! It's so straightforward and honest. Whoever raised it did it right!
Kasumi: Yeah! The way mine went, "vrrraaang," it sounded like the sound was shooting straight into the sky!
Tae's Coworker: Fufu, that's because we don't skimp on the maintenance. I'm sure these lil' fellas were happy to get a chance to flex again, too. It's been a while.
Pres: Alright then! We've got a stage to clean up, so we're gonna dip!
Tae's Coworker: There'll still be club members around here though, so if you want to keep playing those guitars, feel free to go ahead.
Kasumi & Tae: Thank you!
Kasumi: Oooh~! Pres and the others are so nice! They enjoy the moment so much, it's like they sparkle!
Tae: Yeah, they were the coolest! Not just Pres and Yuu-senpai, but all the people who played onstage too!
Saya: I'm glad we came today. I feel like I sort of get what kind of place college is now.
Kasumi: Y'know, I think in the end, I really am going to write, "I want to enjoy the moment!" on my future plans sheet~.
Arisa: And I told you, no!
Rimi: I feel reenergized. Like I can try a little harder with my studies now!
Kasumi: Guys. I...
Kasumi: I want to go to college!
Arisa: What? Where'd this come from all of a sudden?
Kasumi: I realized after coming here today. The sparkling, heart-pounding feelings we have right now, they're going to continue! It doesn't matter where we are, they'll just keep going on and on and on!
Kasumi: Place and age? Now or the future? None of that matters!
Kasumi: These sparkling, heart-pounding feelings are forever!
Arisa: ... Sheesh, you really are a positive thinker, aren't you~?
Arisa: Well, if you want to get into a college, then you've gotta step up your studying.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm counting on your help, Arisa! Oooh, I'm feeling so fired up~!
Arisa: You say that, but just make sure you don't burn out, got it~?
Saya: Fufu. Oh, it looks like the café's closing soon. Let's go pick up some souvenirs and get going.
Rimi: Ah, I saw a shop that was selling some really tasty looking cream puffs earlier. They looked really nice and big, and there were all sorts of different fillings...!
Arisa: Sounds perfect to me. Alright, let's pick up some for Grandma and LOCK, and...
Tae: ... Ah.
Arisa: What's up, O-Tae?
Tae: Right now... I just came up with a new phrase! Hmhmm~♪
Kasumi: Whoa~! I like that! Then I'll go~... Hmhmhmmm~♪
Arisa: Wha- Are you guys trying to start writing a song here?!
Saya: Fufu. Alright. I say we continue this in Arisa's basement.
Rimi: Agreed~!
Kasumi: Okay, then our goal's set! To Arisa's basement~...
Kasumi & Tae: Let's go~!
Arisa: Hey! Hold on, I said not to run off all of a sudden like that!
Saya: Ah, wait! Kasumi! O-Tae! We still have to return those guitars~!
