event201-04 Chapter 3: Into a School Building♪

The girls run into some unexpected people inside one of the school buildings.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

[College - Hallway]

Kasumi: Wow~! So this is a college building...!
Saya: It's a little intimidating how it kind of looks like a big, fancy mansion on the inside~. Where are we supposed to swap to the school slippers?
Arisa: Whoa, this isn't high school. There's no shoe changing here, you know?
Saya: Oh, really? Ahaha, that's a little embarrassing~...
Rimi: It does feel kind of like we're doing something bad walking around in our outdoor shoes, though.
Kasumi: Look! There's an elevator here! It goes up five whole floors!
Tae: Oh, I wanna go for a ride! C'mon everyone, hurry up!
Arisa: Hold it, you guys! It's not like elevators are some weird thing you've never seen before!
Rimi: Don't you feel like you're getting a little smarter just walking around here?
Saya: Fufu, I think I know what you mean.
Kasumi: Guys! Is the open classroom down this hallway?!
Saya: That's what the pamphlet says, at least. This place is so big, I feel like I'm going to get lost~.
Rimi: Oh, do you see this here? The pamphlet says there's cafés on campus.
Saya: You're right. Three of them, actually. I bet it's hard to pick where you want to have lunch.
Tae: Hey, where's the rabbit houses?
Arisa: I don't think there'd be rabbit houses here...
Tae: That's weird. There's three cafés though. Why aren't there three rabbit houses?!
Arisa: What kind of logic is that?! The world doesn't revolve around rabbits, you know?!
Saya: Room 203... Ah, here it is. Over here, everyone~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Wow~! College classrooms are huge~!
Rimi: The back row of seats are so far away.
Kasumi: It's so cool how it's all set up like a big set of stairs~! Now let's see if I sit down here~... Whoa! So this is what it looks like!
Saya: Looking down on the blackboard like this is... Fufu. I think I've seen scenes like this on TV~.
Kasumi: Yes, ma'am! The answer is, "campus!" ... How was that? Do I look like a college student?
Arisa: No. And what sort of question are you answering...?
Tae: Alright, I'll play professor, then.
Tae: Ahem. Class is in session.
Kasumi: Oh! O-Tae, you're so cool~!
Tae: That's Professor O-Tae to you, young lady. Ahem. Now then, a question. What did I eat for breakfast today?
Kasumi: What~?! Hm~... What did you eat~...? Hamburg steak?
Tae: Bzzt~, incorrect. Out to the hallway with you, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Okaaay~...
Arisa: They don't do that in college.
Tae: Alright. A special hint, then. The answer begins with the letter, "C". It begins with "C", and happens to pair quite nicely with hamburg steak.
Kasumi: Uh~... Oh! I got it! Cheese Hamburg steak!
Tae: Wonderful! That is correct! One credit for you, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Yay~! I got a credit~!
Arisa: That's not how you get credits! You've gotta go to class and take tests to get them!
Saya: Fufu. More than college students, they're like kids who just started elementary school.
Kanon: I think I heard them from over here~... Ah! See? It's Poppin'Party!
Chisato: You're right. Fufu. Hello, everyone. I wasn't expecting to see you here of all places.
Kasumi: Huh?! Kanon-senpai and Chisato-senpai?! Did you come to check out the festival, too?!
Chisato: We decided to use the festival as an opportunity to tour the school. What about you?
Tae: One of my coworkers from my old part-time job invited me to see her concert. She's going to be playing at the outdoor stage soon.
Kanon: I see... Gosh, I'm still just so surprised to see you all here.
Saya: Have the two of you already seen a lot? If you have any spots you'd recommend, we'd really appreciate it.
Chisato: We just got here ourselves, actually. As far as places we've been, it would be just the student affairs office at this point.
Kanon: They did have some guide pamphlets to the school there we were able to take, though.
Arisa: Huh. So? Are you planning on trying to get into this school?
Chisato: I haven't decided that quite yet, but... it can't hurt to have more options, after all.
Kanon: Plus, being able to experience their school festival like this is a good chance to see what the atmosphere on campus is like. That's something I wanted to see, too.
Rimi: Oh, I totally get what you mean~! It's kind of like, you can get a good sense of what a school is like by looking at the people who go there.
Chisato: I've had the chance to visit many different college campus festivals as part of work. They really do vary quite wildly from school to school.
Kanon: And exam season is getting closer and closer, so we thought it would be a good idea to experience the feeling of being on a campus ourselves before deciding anything about our futures.
Kasumi: Oh~. Exams, huh~...?
Saya: We've got to start thinking about that sort of stuff too, yeah...
Chisato: You're all still second-years, though. I don't think there's any need to feel particularly rushed quite yet.
Kanon: Yeah. Take it slow. See and experience all sorts of things... Just enjoying the present would be best in my opinion.
Chisato: We still want to enjoy the time we have before graduation as much as we can, too. Right, Kanon?
Kanon: Right! We've still got about half a year, after all.
Chisato: ... Oh? Goodness, look at the time. Well then, we've got to be going.
Kasumi: Aww~! C'mon, let's go around and see stuff together~! Ah! That's it, let's go see the outdoor concert! It starts at three o'clock!
Chisato: As much as we'd love to, there's other things we'd like to see... We'll head over to the stage after we're done with our business. If we can meet again, we'll meet again.
Kanon: Ah, that's right. Have you gone to the floor above this yet? One of the student affairs staff said there are seminar rooms upstairs filled with a bunch of exhibits and projects you can look at.
Kasumi: Wow! Thanks for the heads up! We'll go take a look!
Chisato: Take care, everyone. And have fun.
