event201-02 Chapter 1: Go Campus!!

It's their first time at a college, and Kasumi and the girls are excited.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[College Campus]

Kasumi: We're at colleeege~!!
Tae: One, two, three... Wow, there's so many buildings here!
Saya: And they're all so big... It's like a bunch of high schools grouped together in one place.
Arisa: Man, seeing all these brick buildings at once makes the whole place look sorta formal, or traditional... Feels like I've gotta stand up a little straighter, you know what I mean?
Rimi: There's so much green here too, and lots of benches to take breaks on... It's almost like we're in a miniature town.
Kasumi: And the paths are super wide! So this big space is all part of the college, huh?!
Arisa: Big space...? It's called a campus.
Kasumi: Campus?! That's so cool...!
Tae: With this much space, I could get a lot of running done. Ah! Look over there! I see a bunch of food stands! Let's go!
Arisa: Wait, hold on! O-Tae, we've got to at least say hi to your old coworker first, don't we?!
Saya: Fufu. Honestly, though, I wasn't expecting for us to end up visiting a place like this~.
Arisa: Man, it was a real surprise yesterday when you burst into the room and yelled, "Let's go to college!"
Tae: Yeah, one of my coworkers from when I was working at SPACE called. She invited us to come see her play at her college's campus festival.
Kasumi: I can't wait to meet her! I haven't seen her since the Rocking Star Festival~!
Arisa: Oh, yeah, she helped the owner set up that day, right?
Rimi: Gosh, getting invited to a concert by one of your college friends like this kind of feels like we've grown up a little, doesn't it?
Tae: I guess we can thank the power of music for this, too. She was super pumped to hear we'd all be coming.
Kasumi: I didn't get to talk to her much during the Rocking Star Festival, so I'm hoping we get lots of time to chat today~.
Arisa: So? Where is she?
Tae: She said she'd be at the outdoor stage.
Saya: According to the pamphlet we just got earlier... Ah, it looks like it's down this main path here.
Kasumi: Alrighty then, let's go~!
(Black cut)
Food Stand Worker: Soki soba for sale~! Pork spare ribs and soba noodles~! An Okinawan classic! Comes with a free stewed pork rib on the house right now~♪
Kasumi: Wow, that smells so good! And look at how big the pieces of meat are! C'mon guys, let's get some!
Tae: Yeah, it tastes amazing.
Kasumi: You're already eating some?! No fair, I'm gonna get some too!
Rimi: What's that over there...? "Ogura toast?"
Saya: That's toast with red beans on top, isn't it? I've heard it's supposed to be a common menu item in cafés around Nagoya...
Rimi: Toast with red beans...?! That's got to taste good for sure!
Kasumi: Looks like there's all kinds of cool food here, huh?!
Saya: Ah, according to the pamphlet, it looks like this is the regional food stand corner. Students who come from the same place meet here and set up food stands together.
Arisa: Huh. Well, I guess colleges are a gathering place for people from all over the country, after all.
Kasumi: Hey, did you see that person that just passed by us? Didn't they look super grown-up?!
Arisa: I mean, they're in college, duh.
Kasumi: That's not what I mean~...! Mmm~... It's like, you know, they've got this glow, like some sort of shine~...!
Rimi: An aura?
Kasumi: That's it! An aura! That's what they had! It reminded me of when I visited Hanasakigawa when I was in middle school!
Arisa: An aura, huh...? Well, I guess I sort of get what you mean...
Tae: Hey, Kasumi! Look over at that booth over there! The one that's got "Audio Research Club" written on it!
Kasumi: There's an amp with bunny ears on it~! It's so cute~!
Rimi: Look at all these tiny little amps lined up. Fufu, I bet you could fit one in your hand.
Tae: Excuse me! One of these rabbits, please!
Audio Research Club Member: Thank you! We've got cat-themed ones, bear-themed ones and all sorts more too, so please check them out if you'd like.
Tae: Fufu, they're all so adorable... Ah! There's bunny-shaped picks over here!
Arisa: C'mon guys, don't you think it's about time we headed towards the sta-... Oh. This mini keyboard's really cute.
Audio Research Club Member: Yup. We made that ourselves, you know. Comes complete with a headphone jack, too.
Arisa: Huh, you don't say...? Um, could I take a closer look?
Tae: Huh? That sound...
Saya: Sounded like it came from the outdoor stage, right?
Tae: I know that sound. Could it be...?!
Rimi: What's wrong, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: We've got to hurry!
Kasumi: Ah! Wait, O-Tae~!
Saya: Hey, hold on! You're going to get lost if you run off all of a sudden like that!
Rimi: Wait for us, O-Tae-chan~!
Arisa: What do you think, guys? You think this mini keyboard suits me? ... Guys? Wh-whoa, hey, don't leave me behind, c'mon~!
