event201-01 Opening: Sudden Suggestion

As Kasumi is struggling with her homework, the topic shifts to their futures...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kasumi: Ugh~... It's too haaard~. I can't figure this question out at all~!
Saya: Fufu. You've got this, Kasumi~.
Rimi: There's chocolate waiting for you once you're done.
Kasumi: I know what "sin" and "cos" are, but who's this "dt"...? Where did they come from?
Arisa: We learned that when we were going over calculus, remember? It's an infinitesimally small value of the variable "t," and so by multiplying it by "f," we-
Kasumi: Ughhh~... Hey, can we go to your basement to work on this?
Arisa: No. If we go there, all you're going to end up doing is playing around. Just try and make at least a little progress on this assignment until O-Tae gets here.
Kasumi: Ngh~... O-Tae~... Come back, quick~!
Rimi: Math class has gotten pretty hard lately, though. I've been getting more and more tough questions in the practice tests I take at cram school, too...
Saya: Not just math, haven't all our classes gotten harder? Like World History, too.
Kasumi: I know! It's like, Renaissance? Rococo? Huh? Which one was this~?!
Rimi: It does get confusing since we've got so much more to remember now.
Arisa: Well, we are going to be third-years next year, after all.
Kasumi: Aren't things moving way too fast?! We just played with CHiSPA the other day!
Saya: I guess time really does fly when you're having fun, huh?
Rimi: At this rate, it feels like our next year of school's going to fly by in an instant.
Saya: It's kinda hard to imagine, honestly~.
Arisa: Whoa, they're going to start calling us in to talk about our future plans soon, you know? Are you guys gonna be okay?
Saya: Hm~... It's hard, though, you know? Thinking about the future.
Rimi: Yeah. There's not many second-years who have everything planned out at this point in the year.
Kasumi: I know exactly what I want to do!
Arisa: Oho, and what's that?
Kasumi: I'm gonna write a bunch of songs, right~?! And play a bunch of concerts, and~... basically just do a lot of stuff that's sparkling and heart-pounding!
Arisa: ... That's not what we're talking about, is it?
Kasumi: What~?! But I really have lots of stuff I wanna do, though~.
Arisa: No, I mean, we're talking about what you want to be in the future, career plans, that sort of thing...
Kasumi: Ah! I've got it! Then I'm gonna have lots of fun enjoying each and every moment that comes! That's my plan!
Arisa: You want to write... "I want to enjoy the moment," on your future plans sheet...?
Kasumi: Ugh, then what do you have planned, Arisa?
Arisa: Me? Well, I... Uh~...
Kasumi: See? You don't have a plan, either~!
Arisa: Sh-shut up!
Saya: Fufu, settle down, girls. Kasumi might have a point, though. Right now, enjoying what we see in front of us really might be the best choice.
Arisa: Yeah, yeah, what's in front of us is important, sure. If that's the case, then how about you focus on that homework sitting in front of you right now?! C'mon!
Kasumi: Oooh~...!
Tae: Pant... pant...
Kasumi: Ah! O-Tae's here!
Arisa: Hey~. You sure took your time~. You went to the teachers' office, right? Did something happen?
Tae: Pant... pant... Phew...
Rimi: ... Hm? What's wrong, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: Hey, guys...
Tae: Let's go to college!!
Kasumi & Rimi & Saya & Arisa: ... What?
