event201-05 Chapter 4: What's a Seminar?

The girls are amazed by the club festival activities. One catches Rimi's eye.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Seminar Room - Hallway Outside]

Kasumi: Wow~! Look, there's posters all over the walls!
Saya: One for the Engineering department, one for Literature... It looks like each seminar's got something going on in their respective classrooms for the campus festival.
Kasumi: So which one are we gonna go in? All of them?!
Tae: Check this poster out... "Think you can find us? Special Campus Festival Event: Campus Hide and Seek!" ... This sounds awesome!
Kasumi: Whoa~! So seminars are all about playing together, huh~?!
Arisa: What? No, they're about students and professors getting together in groups to research things and write thesis papers.
Saya: So there's a seminar that includes hide and seek as part of its research... That sounds pretty laid-back.
Rimi: There's a picture of some cats and dogs here... It says it's a seminar for cultural anthropology. Fufu, they're all playing with a ball... Ah.
Arisa: Hm? What's up, Rimi?
Rimi: This one here... It's "Tomo Friends"...
Saya: The information science department's Game Development seminar presents, "Hooked on Tomo Friends? Learn all about the mechanics behind catching stag beetles here."
Arisa: Rimi, this is that game you've been hooked on lately, right?
Rimi: Yup! You make your own farm, start your own store, and make friends with lots of little animal friends! And they're all so cute! It's really, really fun!
Saya: Fufu. Want to take a look, then?
Rimi: Yeah!
Kasumi: Okay~! Let's head inside, everyone~! Excuse me~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Seminar Room]

Seminar Student: That's it, just like that. If you tap the top of the tree right at that moment...
Rimi: I did it~! I got another one~!
Kasumi: Wow, Rimi-rin...! You've caught twenty beetles already...!
Rimi: Yeah, all thanks to what the seminar students taught me. It's super easy now.
Seminar Student: Seriously though, you catch on quick~. Are you a pretty big gamer?
Rimi: I don't know if I'd say that, but... when I find a game I like, I do end up getting quite hooked on it.
Rimi: Tomo Friends has so many different kinds of furniture to decorate your house with, and the animals aren't just cute, they've actually got different personalities, too...
Seminar Student: Right! Like the fox who gets lonely easy! Or the dolphin who talks all tough, but when you get to know them they're actually really nice! They're not just cute, they feel like actual people!
Rimi: Exactly! I like how the village looks, too! How you can actually see the grass flowing in the wind, hear the crickets chirping at night... It makes me feel like I never want to leave.
Seminar Student: Wow...! You even pay attention to little details like that, huh? Oh, that's right. Do you guys like playing puzzle games?
Rimi: Puzzle games...?
Seminar Student: We actually made our own puzzle game for the festival, you see. If you've got time, we'd love for you to give it a try!
Kasumi: Oh! Yeah, I wanna play, I wanna play~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Seminar Room - Hallway Outside]

Kasumi: Thank you very much~!
Rimi: Your game was really, really fun~!
Arisa: Yeah. Seeing it actually had a story behind the puzzling had me pretty sucked in to wanting to see what'd happen next.
Kasumi: And that little mascot character that'd pop out to help you when you didn't know what to do was really cute, too~.
Saya: It was~! Seeing it scurry around on screen was adorable~. I wish Jun and Sana could have played it, too~.
Tae: Hopefully they do good in their contest.
Arisa: Yeah. A contest where college game devs from all over the country compete by submitting their projects... Who would've thought something like that existed.
Saya: Mmhmm. It feels like today's been all about learning one new thing after another.
Kasumi: So?! Where are we going next?!
Rimi: Hm... Ah, it looks like they're selling some roasted sweet potatoes over at that stand over there!
Tae: Nice! Let's go!
Arisa: O-O-Tae, didn't you just have that soba earlier?
Tae: Yeah, but I've always got room for dessert.
Kasumi: Oh, we should get LOCK some sweet potatoes as a souvenir!
Arisa: They're going to be stone cold by the time we get them to her. How about you find something a little less perishable to give her?
Kasumi: Good point! Uh~... Then~...
Kasumi: ... Huh? Over there, is that...?
Arisa: Kasumi? Wait...
