event201-06 Chapter 5: Where Music Gathers

The girls head outside and go up to the light music club president.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[College Campus]

Saya: Over there, that's Pres, isn't it...?
Rimi: I wonder what's wrong... It looks like they're drenched in sweat...
Pres: Sigh... Man, that was heavy~. I guess carrying all these amps and speakers with just the two of us was a bit much, huh? Yuu-chan.
Kasumi: Excuse me! Is something wrong?
Pres: Ah! It's Kasumi-chan and friends~! Well you see, we've got an amp here that's on the fritz we need to replace. But the concert's just about to start, so we're in a hurry.
Tae: Whoa, this amp's vintage! Wow! You use rare stuff like this?
Pres: Fufu, we've got more where this baby comes from too~. Our club room's inside this building, actually. Want to check it out?
Kasumi: Yaaay~! Let's go, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Light Music Club - Clubroom]

Kasumi: Excuse us~!
Tae: Huh, so this is a college clubroom! Infiltration complete~♪
Arisa: Feels really... lived in, if you know what I mean. It's... relaxing.
Rimi: Wow, look at all this equipment!
Pres: We keep all our cables and stuff over where you're standing, so watch your step, okay~?
Arisa: Whoa, this amp looks really old. I wouldn't be surprised to find something like this in my basement.
Tae: You're right... Does it still work?
Tae's Coworker: Nah, that one's definitely done. It was a club member's amp from generations ago, so it's been here for ages.
Saya: I get the feeling Maya-san would be really excited to see all this...
Pres: The stuff here's all left behind by past club members. We keep maintenance on and use what we still can.
Rimi: Ah... This sofa... The seams are kept together with duct tape...
Tae's Coworker: Ahaha, I know we should buy a new one, but I just can't bring myself to throw it away. I've spent so much time in the past watching my seniors hang out on it, it means a lot to me now.
Arisa: How do I put this... It's like you can almost sense the history of the club through this place.
Pres: Well, when it comes to entertaining guests, it might be a little messy. But to us, it's the best clubroom we could possibly ask for.
Tae's Coworker: After we're all done with classes, meeting up here and chatting about music just feels right.
Saya: Huh... Sounds like this place means a lot to a lot of people.
Kasumi: Wow...
Rimi: Hm? What is it, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: So generations and generations of light music club members have probably sat here and chatted about music, right?
Kasumi: People who love music have gathered here, talking about this and that since before we were even born...
Kasumi: So I was just thinking, it's all thanks to that passion continuing all this time that this place still exists today...
Arisa: I guess when you put it that way, that's true.
Arisa: So live houses aren't the only places where music can bring people together, huh...?
Kasumi: Right! This room's musically sacred!
Pres: I see... So there was a sacred spot this close to me this whole time...
Pres: Well then, in that case, we've got to make sure we put on a show just as good as... No, even better than the sacred spot that was SPACE's last show, huh? Yuu-chan!
Tae's Coworker: Yeah. Today might be our last day as part of the club, but... let's make sure we pass our music on to our juniors, Pres.
Kasumi: Um! Please, let us help with your concert somehow!
Arisa: Hold on, what are you saying, Kasumi?!
Kasumi: But I just can't hold it in anymore! I want to do something!
Tae: Me too! I want to help, too!
Tae's Coworker: You guys...
Pres: Thanks~! That'd be a huge help, seriously! But what're we gonna have you do~...?
Kasumi: We'll do anything! I'm really good at handing out flyers!
Tae: I can handle bringing in more people to watch if that's what you need!
Pres: Oh, then how's this for an idea? Mumble mumble...
Poppin'Party: ... What~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Light Music Club - Outdoor Stage]

Kasumi: Hello, everyone! We are~...
Poppin'Party: Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Thanks for letting us play here today!
Rimi: This is our first time playing at a college campus festival, so we're a little nervous, but we're going to do our best all the same!
Tae: We're gonna give it our all, so please listen!
Kasumi: Okay, then! Here we go...!
Poppin'Party: "Star Beat!"
