event201-03 Chapter 2: The Light Music Club?

The girls arrive at the stage and are watching the rehearsals when...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Light Music Club - Outdoor Stage]

Kasumi: We're at the staaage~!
Arisa: Pant... Pant... Seriously, you guys... Don't run off all of a sudden like that...!
Saya: Looks like they're in the middle of rehearsal. Playing the drums outdoors under this nice, blue sky... I bet that feels really good~.
Tae: That person was playing one of Mortin's solos!
Arisa: Mortin? That's the guitarist from overseas that you like, right...?
Tae: Yeah. I can't believe they played all those hard phrases perfectly... They've even copied Mortin's hairstyle perfectly, too!
Rimi: The bassist is amazing, too. Look at how much she's moving around while slapping... That's so cool~.
Tae's Coworker: Ah, there you are. Hey everyone~.
Tae: Ah, Yuu-senpai! Hi!
Kasumi: Wow~! It's been so long! Ever since the Rocking Star Festival!
Tae's Coworker: Gosh, I still remember your show from that day like it was yesterday. And the giant huddle everyone made, too. Thanks so much for coming today!
Saya: No, thank you for inviting us. It's not every day we get a chance to see a college band play live, so we're really excited.
???: Oh? I hear some awfully lively voices over here~. Are these your friends, Yuu-chan?
Tae's Coworker: Ah, Pres.
Kasumi: Huh? Pres? Like, club president?! It's so nice to meet you! I'm Kasumi Toyama! I can't wait to see your show today!
Pres: Aw, thanks for coming~! Hm...? Hm~...? You... I feel like I've seen you before...
Tae's Coworker: Try looking at her, and then imagining a Random Star right around here...
Pres: Ahh! I got it! You played at SPACE's last show!
Kasumi: Huh?! You were there?!
Pres: Of course I was! Yuu-chan worked there after all, and I'd always been of a big fan of SPACE! There was no way I was going to miss that!
Pres: A lot of bands made a lot of memories there. To me, that place was something close to sacred. I'm still keeping the fun I had on SPACE's last day close to my heart even now.
Tae: I never thought I'd meet someone who came to see us back then here... Could I get a handshake?!
Kasumi: Me too, me too! Oooh~! I'm so happy right now~!
Arisa: I get what you mean, but isn't this all kinda backwards?
Pres: Your show that day was seriously the best!
Kasumi: Wow, thank you so much! Hehe, hear that? They like us~!
Pres: Seriously though, Yuu-chan, if you're gonna invite people, you should've told me first~. I'd have tried harder with my makeup if I'd known.
Kasumi: What?! You look really cool, though! Like, super grown-up~!
Pres: Nah, I actually was up late last night because of a meeting, so I ended up sleeping in the clubroom. This mess I'm wearing right now's totally just slapped on~.
Rimi: Huh? So you didn't go home?
Pres: Well you see, it gets real busy the day before our campus festival. Besides, our clubroom's actually pretty comfortable. Yuu-chan's always taking naps on our sofa and talking in her sleep.
Tae's Coworker: Aw, c'mon~, why'd you have to bring that up~?
Kasumi: Huh~! Sounds like Arisa's basement!
Saya: Totally. A space you kind of just end up gravitating to.
Tae: I see a lot of people carrying instruments around here. Are they all part of the Light Music Club?
Pres: You bet they are~. We've got members of all ages, and about forty people in the club total, I think.
Tae: Forty?! That many?!
Arisa: If we say one band is five people, that'd still be eight bands, right...? That's crazy...
Pres: Yeah, we've got a lot of members. The Audio Research Club's only got three, though.
Arisa: That's it?!
Tae's Coworker: Well, the Light Music Club is pretty popular as clubs go. A lot of people decide to pick up an instrument in college, and there's people like me who couldn't do this stuff in high school, too.
Saya: That is true... High schools usually have concert bands, but there usually aren't classes or clubs for music like what we play...
Pres: Having all sorts of groups you can join is one of the perks of going to college, after all. I mean, if you wanted, you could even make a club of your own, you know~?
Kasumi: Really? I could make my own club?!
Pres: You see that tent that says, "Board Game Club" on it? My friend made that group. And that group over there called the "Survival Society" just started up this year.
Rimi: Survival Society...? What sort of club is that?
Tae's Coworker: I hear they go out camping empty-handed and try to survive on their own for a couple days, stuff like that.
Kasumi: What?! That sounds like so much fun!
Saya: Club activities, huh... You guys sound like you've got a lot of freedom. How nice~.
Pres: Yup! Freedom's the word! If you ask me, college is all about clubs!
Tae's Coworker: Yeah, you're so free, your grades are in freefall. Aren't you close to losing some credits?
Pres: You're really gonna bring that up now~? I can't help it! Between work and the band, I'm a busy person, you know~?
Tae: Credits? Is that some sort of money you get?
Tae's Coworker: Nope. In college, you're free to pick the classes you want, but at the end of each semester you've got to take tests if you want them to count. "Credits" are proof you passed a class.
Rimi: Picking our own classes sounds kind of hard... I wonder if I can really do that on my own.
Saya: Still though, it sounds kind of nice too, doesn't it? Being able to pick whatever you want.
Kasumi: It sounds super nice! That means I can just choose only the classes I want to take, right?!
Arisa: There's no way that'd be allowed. I hear we've got general classes we're forced to take, too.
Kasumi: Arisa, you know an awful lot about how college works, huh?
Arisa: It's more like you don't know enough! This is all stuff you should've at least looked up already, you know?
Pres: Ah, shoot. It's about time to run final checks on the equipment. Sigh, being club president's busy work~!
Saya: The concert starts at three o'clock, right?
Pres: Yup! And we'll put on a show that'll rival even SPACE's last when it comes to fun, so look forward to it~!
Kasumi: Wow~! I can't wait~! Why can't it be three o'clock already?
Arisa: We've still got a decent amount of time to spare. You gonna be okay getting that fired up this early?
Tae's Coworker: Ahaha. Well, as long as you’re here, you might as well take a look around campus. There's all sorts of fun things going on!
Tae: Good idea! I saw there was a haunted house mentioned in the pamphlet!
Kasumi: I-I don't know about a haunted house~...
Tae's Coworker: Fufu, just make sure you don't get too caught up in having fun and miss our concert. I'll get mad, you know~?
Tae: And I'll get mad if you don't put on a good show.
Tae's Coworker: Aw, don't pile on the pressure like that~! But, well, I'll show you what I've got!
Kasumi: Okay, then! We'll be back! I can't wait to see the show!
