band4-005 Chapter 5: What I Need to Believe

After their show is canceled, the girls become concerned. What happens when Chisato goes to ask the staff why...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Dressing Room]

Eve: I wonder what happened. The music stopped and I couldn't hear anything... The whole audience looked puzzled.
Maya: Sounded like a fault to me... The lights didn't go out, which means it was either the speakers, amps or transformers...
Aya: I'm sorry, everyone... I knew I had to do something, but I couldn't make a sound up there...
Maya: It's not your fault, Aya-san...! And there's no use crying over spilt milk, anyway. We've just gotta make the next show even better!
Chisato: ... The next show...
Eve: Next... I wonder what will happen to us next... Do you think this is the end for us already...?
Chisato: I'm going to ask the staff what's going on.
Aya: I want to go too! I want to apologize to them...
Chisato: I know how you feel, Aya-chan... but I'm sure the staff are all very busy right now.
Chisato: If too many of us go out there, they'll start to lose focus on the real problem at hand. Just wait back here for now.
Aya: Okay...
Eve: Is that all we can do right now? Just wait? I want to try to help...
Hina: I just want to find out what's happening. I'm not trying to be all negative like Eve-chan here, I just can't stand sitting around is all.
Aya: ......
Aya: (My big chance up on stage... And all the music stopped...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Aya: Ah... Ah...!
Aya: (I can't make a sound...!)
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Aya: (I knew I couldn't let us fail. So why couldn't I do anything to stop it?)
Aya: (If it was one of my training lessons, I'd know I had to do whatever it took, and I'd take the right action and turn it all around...!)
Aya: ... I'm just a fool...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Offstage]

Chisato: (If we keep having mistakes like this, this band has no future at all. Worse, I'll start getting bad press for it myself.)
Chisato: (How can I turn this around...? What can I do to make things right again...?)
Chisato: (I'll never get the chance as long as I'm still here. Which means there's only one thing I can do...)
Chisato: (Choose a path of zero failure.)
Staff: Chisato-san! I was just about to come and see you. I wanted to apologize for the problems around today's performance.
Chisato: I'm sure you must be very busy, but do you think you would be able to explain to me what exactly it was that went wrong?
Staff: Of course. The first problem happened when...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Chisato-chan's taking a long time out there... What if there was another issue or something...?
Eve: It is a little worrying.
Hina: Ah~, I'm so bored! I can't take it any more. I'm gonna go see if I can find her.
Aya: Ah, Hina-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Offstage]

Hina: Where could Chisato-chan be...? Hmm? Is that her there? With a member of staff...?
Staff: Very well. Understood...
Chisato: ... Thank you. I'll go and tell the other members right away.
Hina: Chisato-chan! You were taking so long, I thought I'd come and find you~. What were you talking about?
Chisato: Oh, Hina-chan. I'm sorry, you must have been worried. I was just having the staff here explain to me exactly what went wrong today.
Hina: Oh, right. All I know is, the other girls are all looking pretty unnerved right now.
Chisato: Of course, it was a big problem we faced today. But I need you all to grow stronger from experiences just like these.
Chisato: ... So strong that you won't even need me around.
Chisato: However much more experienced I am, there's still a limit to what I can do, after all.
Hina: So strong we won't even need you...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Chisato: I'm sorry I took so long, everyone.
Aya: Chisato-chan!
Maya: What did the staff have to say?
Chisato: It was just as you said, Maya-chan. They are still looking into the details, though.
Eve: ... Do you know what will happen to us?
Chisato: They want to talk to us about the band again tomorrow.
Aya: Oh... Is there anything we can do in the mean time...?
Chisato: The staff are all working as hard as they can to fix this. Today's problems hit very hard, there's no doubt about that... but we just need to trust them.
Eve: Yes... I learned to trust in people through bushido. Now is the time for me to put it to use.
Hina: Maybe I should learn some of this bushido, too.
Aya: ......
Aya: (Trust... I'm not even sure what I should trust in any more...)
