band4-003 Chapter 3: Fresh Idol

Maya is officially inducted into the band. What happens when they all go in for a costume fitting?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Maya: Me? An idol?! No way no way no way! I'm just some studio musician...!
Chisato: You'll be fine. Without those glasses, you look just the part... and you have a musical skill we really need right now.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan...! Don't you think we should check with the agency first...?
Hina: I don't~. It would be much more fun to just let Maya-chan join instead. Count me in.
Aya: Fun...? But that's not...!
Maya: No, I mean like really, I can't do this!
Maya: I'm really sorry, but... I'm not the type to get out there in front of people...! Let alone dance around like an idol...!
Chisato: Maya-san, please!
Chisato: The four of us have been asked to start an idol band with no knowledge of music and one member short...
Chisato: If we can't find our fifth member, we might not even be able to make our debut... and then who knows what'll happen to us...?
Chisato: You joining the band would solve all of our problems... I know I'm asking the impossible of you, and I'm sorry. But you're our-
Maya: Ahh, no, please! Don't apologize... It's just, I just... Me? An idol...?
Eve: Please, Maya-san!
Maya: ...!
Chisato: Eve-chan...
Eve: Please... help us! I really want to perform for everyone up on stage...!
Eve: And... I want to perform with you, Maya-san. I really like you and all the interesting things you've taught me. I don't want to say goodbye...
Hina: I wanna hear more of your interesting chats too, Maya-chan.
Chisato: Maya-san, please...! She can stay, right Aya-chan?
Aya: I mean, I would love for her to stay with us, but...
Maya: There are so many other drummers out there, I...
Maya: ... I've never had anyone rely on me like this before... I'm starting to get all emotional over here... Haha.
Maya: ... Honestly, I really don't think I can cut it as an idol. I'm really not sure about any of this, but... I mean, if you'll have me...
Maya: I'd love to be the Pastel＊Palettes drummer.
Eve: Maya-san...! Thank you so much!
Chisato: Thank you, thank you! Really, really... thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Staff: ... And so allow me reintroduce Maya Yamato-san as the newest member of Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: We wanted to help out with your search, so we spoke to Maya-san ourselves yesterday.
Chisato: I'm sorry if we stepped on anyone's toes, but...
Staff: No, not at all~! You really helped us out there, Chisato-san! We were in some trouble, we couldn't find anyone at all...!
Chisato: We explained a little about the band before, but I'm sure the staff here will be able to fill you in on all the details.
Chisato: Now that you're an official member, perhaps you could give another quick introduction...?
Maya: Oh, yeah! Erm, I'm Maya Yamato. You can rearrange the letters in my name and make Maya Yamato again. And... I'm gonna try my best drumming!
Eve: I'm so glad you decided to join us, Maya-san!
Maya: Huhehe...
Chisato: We're all here today to try on our new outfits. Since you'll be wearing one too now, Maya-chan, will you come and join us?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Staff: Here are all of your outfits.
Aya: Wow, they're so cute!
Eve: They're all so wonderful and sparkly!
Chisato: Will you be able to have Maya-san's outfit made in time?
Staff: If we start on it right away, we should have it ready, yes. If you could come this way for fitting please, Maya-san. The rest of you, try them on!
All: Okay!
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Hina: Tada~! Well? How do I look?
Aya: Wow...! Hina-chan, you look adorable! So cute!
Eve: You look great too, Aya-san! All pink and fluffy... like a macaron!
Aya: Really? Hehehe. It's been my dream to wear an outfit like this, ever since I started training here... I'm so happy right now...!
Chisato: Excuse me? It's a little loose under the arm here... and do you think you could bring the skirt in a little shorter, perhaps?
Staff: Certainly. Is there anything else?
Chisato: Hmm... I'd like to see how it feels while holding the guitar. Do you think you could bring one for me?
Staff: Of course. Just one moment.
Chisato: How are all of your outfits?
Hina: I just love mine! It fits me just perfectly~, fufu.
Chisato: Is there anything that needs fixing up? You can tell the staff here and they'll make adjustments.
Hina: Oh~, is that why we're here doing this today?
Chisato: I guess you're not quite used to this world yet, Hina-chan... I should have explained everything before we started.
Chisato: These costumes have already been made up in each of our sizes, so now we try them on and see how they feel.
Chisato: If there are any size problems, or it feels difficult to move in some places, you tell a staff member and they get it fixed.
Eve: You mean these were made just for us...? That's amazing! It's so different to all of my modeling work... A whole new experience.
Chisato: You used to model for magazines, right Eve-chan? Making your given outfit look as best as possible is true for both idols and models.
Eve: Hmm~, I see! I think you're right, Chisato-san!
Eve: Mmm~, I feel like I can do anything wearing this outfit!
Hina: That's it, I can see your eyes lighting up! We can do this~! I mean, except for the playing any instruments part.
Maya: ......?! H-hey, stop that, it tickles...! Huhe... huhehe...! S-somebody help me~!
Aya: Is Maya-chan okay, do you think...?
Hina: Who knows? I don't even know what they're doing back there.
