band4-006 Chapter 6: The All-New Pastel＊Palettes

When the girls have their entire schedule canceled, confusion ensues. What will Aya say about their situation?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Hina: Good morning~.
Aya, Eve & Maya: Good morning.
Hina: Hmm. That was low. It feels low in here.
Chisato: I'm not surprised, after everything that happened yesterday.
Staff: Good morning! Are we all here?
Chisato: We're here.
Staff: I would like to start off by sincerely apologizing for what happened yesterday, and for putting you all in this awful position.
Staff: I'm sure Chisato-san explained the problem to you already, and I can assure you that our specialists are looking into the details as we speak.
Chisato: As for today, our schedule says we have three interviews and a radio recording. Will these be going ahead as planned?
Staff: ... All appointments have been canceled.
All: What...?!
Chisato: ... You mean, just today's appointments?
Staff: All appointments... for the foreseeable future.
Staff: Considering the events of yesterday, it was decided by the management staff here that you all stay out of the media spotlight for now.
Aya: For now...? So we're not splitting up, then? We'll be able to step back out on stage again some day? Or... or...?
Staff: ... All I can say is that no decision has yet been made. In the mean time, I need you all to begin music practice as soon as possible.
Staff: After yesterday's problems, it has become apparent that you must at least be able to play, for real, all of the songs we currently have.
Eve: No decision... So it might be over, or it might not be over...? But we still need to take music lessons? I don't think I understand...
Eve: You told us to forget about playing instruments, but now you want to make us learn them again? That's not what you said before!
Aya: Eve-chan...! Please, relax!
Maya: If we learn to play our instruments, we might be able to play live again... I think we should give it a go.
Eve: ......
Staff: I'll contact you all again with your lesson schedules. We'll speak again soon.
Eve: ... So many things are going on, I'm all in a panic. Are we going to be okay?
Chisato: I understand how you feel. This is a lot to take in. But let's just calm down and follow the staff's instructions.
Eve: ... Okay.
Aya: ...! What is this...?
Maya: What is it, Aya-san?
Aya: This article...
Hina: Hmm? "Pastel-Colored Failure! Lip-Syncing Pretenders Caught In First Show"...?
Comments: "That vocalist, Aya, she has experience, right?" "As a trainee, sure. Doesn't mean anything."
Comments: "And she only just got her big break... I wonder what'll happen to poor Aya-chan..."
Comments: "The bassist is that child actor, Chisato Shirasagi. Trust an experienced girl like her to do this, lol." "Actors gonna act, I guess."
Aya: ......
Chisato: ......
Hina: Wow. Those are some pretty mean comments.
Aya: Hahaha... Pretty mean, yeah... But they are right, I suppose... I am inexperienced, and I am just pretending...
Eve: Even so, there are nicer ways of saying it than this. People shouldn't hurt other people like this!
Chisato: You're right. But that's just how the media is, I'm afraid.
Hina: Every move we make from now on, the media will be writing articles like this about us... and that must be why we're staying out of the spotlight.
Aya: I understand... I was told about all of this in my training. It's okay.
Eve: It's not okay! I... I cannot just let them say these things about us!
Eve: Aya-san, Hina-san, Maya-san, Chisato-san...! Let's practice and practice and practice until we can get back out performing again!
Hina: Sounds good to me. I was always looking forward to performing on a huge stage somewhere.
Maya: I can't let it end like this either... I made my decision to do what I can to support Pastel＊Palettes as your drummer...
Aya: You guys...!
Aya: ... Okay! Let's work our absolute hardest... and make ourselves a whole new Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: Yes!
Aya: (There's no time for me to be standing silent. That time must be spent practicing and improving.)
Hina: A whole new Pastel＊Palettes~... As long as it takes me up on a giant stage, I'm game.
Chisato: I mean... it's a nice dream, but it's not really specific to us as Pastel＊Palettes, is it...?
Hina: Hahaha, don't be so serious~. There's nothing to worry about. I've got nowhere better to be, and you guys seem interesting enough. I'm not going anywhere.
Chisato: Really? Well, that's good. Let's all get through this together, Hina-chan.
