band4-011 Chapter 11: Exceptional Leader

The girls are shocked by Chisato's words. What happens when Maya, Hina, and Eve try to cheer Aya up?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: ......
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Chisato: Dreams don't come true through hard work alone.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Aya: (... But I don't know of any other way to make a dream come true.)
Eve: Aya-san!
Aya: Eve-chan, Maya-chan... Good morning! I'm so glad you came.
Maya: What Chisato-san said yesterday... I guess it did kind of get us worried, too. But still I think I'd rather do something than nothing.
Eve: I don't want to give up on something I've already started! Following things through is the way of bushido!
Aya: I just didn't know what else to do, and... ended up here.
Hina: Hey, you're all here! I mean, I knew you would be~.
Maya: Hina-san!
Aya: Hina-chan...! You came too! Thank you!
Hina: Yeah, well. There is a reason for that. I don't know about hard work and dreams and all that...
Hina: I mean, I can do pretty much anything without any effort at all. It's kinda hard for me to understand people who can't, too...
Aya: You're putting it all out there, huh...
Hina: Well, it's the truth. But after hearing Maya-chan say what she said about bands being strangers coming together, I started to think more about "other people."
Hina: And then...
(White cut)
Hina: Everything just got way more exciting! I mean, I really don't know anything about "other people" at all! Especially people like Aya-chan!
Aya: Me...?!
Hina: You always make mistakes in the same place no matter how often you practice, right? But I know I'd be able to do it, so... it makes me think.
Aya: Uuu...
Hina: I keep wondering why you never give up, even though you can't do it right. I wonder what is going on inside your head. And I don't know, but it's interesting!
Hina: The more I think about it, the more I realize... I really like you, Aya-chan! "Other people" can be pretty interesting! I love it!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Mmm~? I don't know what you mean, Hina-san.
Hina: Aya-chan is like a kind of uncharted map to me! I just want to explore and get to know her more and more!
Hina: I think these "other people" are the fuel that keeps me moving. And that makes Aya-chan the biggest source of all.
Aya: I'm your fuel...?
Hina: Exactly. And that's why I'm here, to keep this interesting experience going as long as I can! I don't think I'll ever get tired of these "other people"!
Aya: That's all... really, confusing, but... I'm pretty sure this isn't a compliment, right...?
Hina: Nope! It's not. But you're interesting and I like you! You never give up and you always give your all, the complete opposite of me. I like that!
Hina: Of course I like Eve-chan and Maya-chan and even Chisato-chan, too. I mean, who knew "other people" could be this interesting?!
Maya: I feel like I should learn from Aya-san's amazing strength, too. I mean, she's already given me courage...
Aya: Me?
Maya: You said yourself, we should chase our dreams and never put ourselves down. You gave me the courage I needed to believe in myself.
Maya: Suddenly being asked to join the band like this...
Maya: I didn't think a studio musician like me could ever become an idol. But all those worries went away thanks to you, Aya-san.
Aya: Maya-chan...!
Maya: I'm here because I believe in those words you spoke, Aya-san. And I don't think hard work is ever a waste!
Eve: I don't believe your hard work is wasted either, Aya-san. I think you are really improving! So let's keep on working at it together.
Aya: ... I... I'm so happy to hear that...
Hina: Why are you crying? What's the matter, Aya-chan?
Aya: Uuu... I-I'm sorry... I always cry too easily...! I was just starting to lose hope, but... hearing you all say these wonderful things, I... Waahh~!
Maya: You're the one keeping us all motivated here, Aya-san!
Aya: I-I'm so happy...!
Hina: Oh, erm... I've gotta try to feel how Aya-chan's feeling now, right...? Hmm~... Erm~... Nope, I've got nothing. No idea!
Eve: Aya-san is a bushido warrior. Even warriors get overwhelmed by the kindness of their colleagues. Right, Aya-san?
Aya: Y-yeah... That's right...
Hina: You really are an interesting person, Aya-chan~. ... I took us way off track today, huh. I'm really sorry! Let's get back to practice, shall we?
Eve: Okay! Are you feeling better now, Aya-san?
Aya: Uuu... I think I still have a little more crying to do~!
Hina: All right then. I'm gonna use this chance to see if I can feel what you're going through~.
Hina: Why, Aya-chan? Why are you crying? What even is this "getting overwhelmed" thing?!
Maya: Ahh...! Hina-san, please, try to ask a little nicer...
Aya: J-just give me a little more time~!
