band4-007 Chapter 7: Boppin' Training

The members start their personal practice. What happens when Chisato is absent?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Aya: I took a few different classes while I was in training, different to these ones we're doing now. Would you all like to try them with me?
Aya: Things like basic fitness training will really help out a lot playing in the band... and I think we should take whatever chance we get to improve.
Eve: Wow... Like special training! Always looking to improve yourself is a very important part of bushido!
Eve: With your help Aya-san, I can get one step closer to bushido!
Maya: We're supposed to be stepping closer to becoming idols, right...?!
Hina: Extra lessons, huh. Sounds good to me. Not that I need any lessons, really, but... I've got nothing better to do!
Maya: I know enough about music, but I still don't know a thing about being an idol, so... Aya-san! Please teach me!
Aya: Okay! Let's all learn together! Chisato-chan, too...
Chisato: I'm sorry, I still have a full schedule of my own. I can't find any time outside of the band classes, I'm afraid.
Eve: I see...
Chisato: I really am sorry. I'll make sure to give my absolute best in the classes we do have together. And I'll try to make time to rehearse myself, too.
Chisato: ... Speaking of which, I do need to get to my next appointment. I'll see you all later.
Maya: Chisato-san is so busy...
Aya: Well, her work is very important to her...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Chisato: (I cannot waste my time on projects with no future. That time is much better spent elsewhere, on my real work.)
Chisato: Excuse me. Do you have a moment to talk?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: So, what do we do in our special training? ... Ah! I know, I know! I know what we do!
Aya: What? You do...?
Eve: I do, I do! That standing under the waterfall thing...!
Hina: You mean takigyo? Are we really going to be doing that~?
Aya: Of course not!
Eve: Oh, really? So will we be swimming in freezing cold waters instead...?
Maya: That winter bathing thing? I think I saw a special about it on TV once.
Aya: We're not doing that either!
Eve: Really~? So what are we doing, then?
Aya: S-something a lot more normal! We'll start with some fitness training, I think. Running first, then crunches, push-ups, and...
Maya: Wh-what~?! H-hold on, hold on a minute! Is that all really necessary for becoming an idol?
Aya: It is. Singing and dancing for hours on end... it requires a lot of stamina, you know. Playing your drums does tire you out, doesn't it?
Maya: Y-yeah... When you put it like that...
Hina: Hmm. That sounds pretty boring, though. I thought it'd be more, sorta... bopping. More, kinda... boom, pow, bippidy! You know?
Aya: I'm sorry it's not more interesting... but it's hard work that'll bring us results.
Hina: Huh. Hard work. Not in my vocabulary.
Aya: Hmm... Well how about we start with practicing some poses? It's important to have something unique to make us each stand out on stage.
Hina: Okay, that sounds more fun! Give us a demonstration then, Aya-chan. Your boppin' best pose! Ready? 3, 2, 1...!
(White cut)
Aya: I'm Pastel＊Palettes' pretty pink charm, Aya! Hehe♪
Hina: ......
Maya: ......
Eve: Ooh, I think I've seen that stance before in a history book!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Wh-what?!
Maya: It's a very... unique pose, sure.
Aya: I-is it no good...?!
Hina: I think I'm gonna do a pose that's absolutely not that. That terrible example actually helps a lot, thanks!
Aya: What?! Th-that's just mean~!
Eve: Well I want to do a bushido pose just like yours, Aya-san!
Aya: That is not at all what I was aiming for~!
Hina: Really~? Well what exactly were you going for, then?
Aya: Hmph~! Hina-chan's a meanie!
