band4-001 Chapter 1: Idol Band

Aya makes her debut in an idol band. What happens when she meets the other members?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Aya: (I wonder why they called an emergency meeting here today... Has something happened...?)
Agency Staff A: Well we have to get them to understand our position, otherwise......
Agency Staff B: Are you sure everything's ready for the shoot tomorrow?
Aya: (Everyone's always in such a rush here...)
Chisato: Good morning. Sorry I'm late, my last appointment ran over...
Aya: Good morning!
Aya: (That's... Chisato Shirasagi? She never usually comes to the offices... I wonder why she's here.)
Eve: Good morning! I heard there was a conclave today, so I came to join in!
Aya: A conclave...?!
Eve: I mean... a meeting! Are you here for the meeting, too?
Aya: Me...? I'm-
Agency Staff C: We'd like to start, if everyone's arrived?
Agency Staff D: It looks like we're still one short.
Aya: Excuse me...! Are all of us here for the same meeting today?
Agency Staff C: Yes, you are.
Hina: Huh. I heard there was some kind of meeting today? Or did I get mixed up?
Staff: Hikawa-san... It is today. You're just late.
Hina: Oh, right. So I guess that means everyone else is here already? Well let's get started, then!
Aya: (Strange girl... What kind of meeting could we possibly be here for...?)
Staff: ... Ahem. Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Hina Hikawa, and Eve Wakamiya. You have all been gathered today for an announcement.
Staff: The four of you shall be making your idol debut, as the girl group "Pastel＊Palettes".
Aya: Idol debut?! Really? Honestly?
Staff: Honestly! Aya-san, I want you to use everything you have learned in your time training with us, and do your very best!
Aya: I will! Thank you so much!
Aya: (This is my third year training to be an idol... I was just about to graduate, too... After waiting so long, my time has finally come!)
Eve: Idol... You mean, I'll be singing and dancing? All this time modeling, I was just standing still while people took photos of me...
Eve: But now I can be active and move around! This is so exciting!
Staff: As this is the first time you are all meeting each other as Pastel＊Palettes, let's go around and make some quick introductions. Starting with you, Aya-san.
Aya: O-okay! I'm Aya Maruyama! I've been in training here at this agency for a while now...
Aya: And, umm...
Aya: Oh, my dream! It's been my dream to become an idol since I was a little girl. I couldn't be happier!
Aya: I'm going to give it 110%, and I won't let you down!
Eve: My name is Eve Wakamiya! Until today, I used to work as a model. I don't know much about being an idol...
Eve: ... But I'll do my best, in the spirit of bushido!
Aya: B-bushido...?!
Hina: Haha! She's an interesting one, this girl!
Eve: Thank you very much!
Hina: I mean, that wasn't really a compliment.
Chisato: ... Should I go next? I'm Chisato Shirasagi. I've been in TV shows and movies since I was a young child.
Chisato: I may have a lot of experience in entertainment, but this will be my first time being an idol. I hope we can all work well together.
Hina: Does that mean I'm last? The name's Hina Hikawa! But you can call me Hina. I joined this, I dunno, band audition thing? And I guess I passed.
Hina: I mean, no one else was as good as me anyway. It was easy really.
Aya: You entered a band audition? But... how did you end up in an idol group?
Hina: Band, group, idol, whatever really. I don't mind where I go, you know?
Chisato: You must be in the backup band, I suppose?
Hina: What? Wait, aren't we all playing instruments?
Eve: Idols just sing and dance, don't they? Do we really have to play instruments, too?
Staff: Ah, right, perhaps I should have been more clear. You will in fact be debuting as an "idol band."
Aya: Idol...
Chisato: Band...?
Staff: Yes. Your first performance will be in two weeks.
Staff: Oh, and don't worry about the instruments. There'll be professionals playing the real music out of sight, and you four can just pretend to play along.
Aya: Pretend...?
Eve: But doesn't that mean we'll be lying to the audience? That's not very bushido!
Aya: I mean, I don't know how to play anything, but... I think I agree with Eve.
Aya: I think we should learn to play our instruments, and give people a real show with our own music...!
Chisato: The thing is though, people don't come to see idols for their musical talent.
Chisato: Instead of wasting time learning instruments, we should probably spend more time on ourselves, and on our appearances...
Chisato: ... At least, that's what I think. Count me in for the pretending♪
Aya: B-but that's...
Staff: Now that's a pro. I knew you'd understand! Thanks for helping explain, Chisato-san. We'll be proceeding just as she said.
Eve: ......
Hina: But see, I can actually play. Unlike the rest of you. ... Whatever, though. This sounds kinda fun too. What instruments will everyone be pretending with, then?
Staff: Ah, of course. I have the list right here. Aya-san, you will be on vocals.
Aya: Me...?!
Chisato: ......
Staff: I mean, it'll all be prerecorded anyway. I'll send you the recording schedule later today.
Aya: ... Okay.
Staff: As for everyone else... Hina-san on guitar, Chisato-san on bass, and Eve will be on keyboard. We're still searching for a suitable drummer.
Chisato: ... Bass, huh. I don't know much about being in a band, but I do know the bassist is a real unsung hero type. Well, I'll give it my best!
Staff: Fantastic. Then let's move on to the finer details of your upcoming performance. If you could turn to page five...
Aya: (Vocalist of Pastel＊Palettes... ... But I'll never sing a note. Is this really okay...?)
