band4-016 Chapter 16: Same Goal

With Aya and Chisato's relationship changing, the band grows closer together.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Walk Home]

Maya: Ah! Chisato-san.
Chisato: Maya-chan, hello. Is something the matter?
Maya: No, I just... I wanted to ask you something...
Chisato: If I hate the idea of putting in effort, you mean?
Maya: ... Yeah.
Chisato: Hmm... I don't think effort is a bad thing. If anything, I always thought it was a given, not something to be especially proud of.
Chisato: What if you believe in effort alone, and then come across true failure? What is there to believe in then?
Maya: Well, so... you want to believe in something more real than effort?
Maya: Like our staff, the people who support us... They're the ones who really bring us our success.
Chisato: ... Aya-chan said she wanted to understand me better, but I don't think she will ever truly understand what we are talking about right now.
Maya: So why have you chosen to believe in effort all of a sudden?
Chisato: I think seeing Aya-chan work so hard made me want to try believing. Believing in hard work.
Maya: Aya-san...
Chisato: ... It's strange. She can't do anything, she's weak on stage, she cries at the drop of a hat, but still...
Maya: A-haha, Chisato-san, that's a little much...
Maya: ... But I know I'm only here thanks to Aya-san giving me the courage I needed. Maybe she just has the power to make change in people.
Maya: Thank you, Chisato-san. I'm glad we had this talk.
Chisato: Me too. I'll see you tomorrow.
Maya: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

(White cut)
Chisato: ... I keep saying it, but we really don't have much time left before the show. We should be focusing on what's most important.
Aya: I know, but... I still think we should be finding time to work on our own weak areas, you know...
Chisato: We are a band. Our success is based on the music when it all comes together. We should be doing more practice together...
Hina: Ahh~... There they go again.
Eve: Aya-san and Chisato-san sure do fight a lot... Are they going to be okay?
Maya: Hahaha. Eve-san, they're not fighting.
Eve: They're not? Are they just facing off against each other?
Maya: F-facing off... Sure, that's one way to put it...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: ... Okay. Starting tomorrow, we can try focusing on practicing all together.
Chisato: Thank you, Aya-chan. We'll lose a lot of personal practice time, though. Are you sure?
Aya: Not completely, but... I'll just have to work hard to make myself sure. I'll find my own time for extra practice.
Chisato: Thank you. Let's do everything we can to make this show a success.
Maya: Look at that. Friends again.
Hina: After one talked circles around the other, sure.
Maya: ... I wouldn't call those kind of comments necessary, exactly...
Aya: Now that we're getting to know each other, I'm starting to realize... I think we've been working toward the same goal this whole time.
Chisato: Goal?
Aya: To get up onto that stage... To get on stage and put on a great performance.
Aya: I think we have the same goal... but we just chose different paths to get there. But as long as we're heading in the same direction, I think we'll be okay.
Chisato: ......
Aya: I-I'm sorry! I hope I didn't say anything out of line...
Chisato: ... No, no. I'm just glad you finally realized.
Aya: Wh-what?!
Chisato: I thought you'd never realize, to be honest. I'm glad.
Aya: That's mean, Chisato-chan...!
Chisato: Fufu. I really am happy, though. We seem to be opposites in so many ways, even getting this heated up over a simple practice schedule.
Chisato: ... But you are exactly right. We are headed in the same direction.
Aya: Chisato-chan...! We can do it! We are going to succeed, I know it!
Chisato: Oh I don't doubt that for a second.
Maya: ... I think, maybe for the first time since we started, Pastel＊Palettes is going to be all right.
Hina: I was just thinking the same thing.
Eve: It's just like they say. Where there's a will, there's a way~.
Maya: Another incredible choice of words, Eve-san.
