band4-018 Chapter 18: Be Myself

Aya is shocked that she cannot sing. What happens when Chisato talks to her about it?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: ......
Aya: (I wonder how many times I've been here since joining Pastel＊Palettes... No matter what happens, I'm always here, every day... My home...)
Chisato: I thought you might be here.
Aya: Chisato-chan! But how...?
Chisato: I know you, Aya-chan. I know you'd want to be surrounded by your practice and effort.
Aya: Practice and effort... When I was a trainee, I was in a small idol group. My debut was my dream, and for three years I worked hard at it.
Aya: But it just didn't go anywhere. I didn't get my debut, but I was forced to graduate... and that's how I joined Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: ......
Aya: ... But I was so happy. "My dream has come true," I thought. I put it all down to the efforts I'd made, that they'd come back to me as pure confidence in myself.
Aya: ... I know I don't really have any talent. That's why I put in the extra work to make up for it and keep myself moving forward. Because... I have no other option.
Aya: No matter how many times I made a mistake, I gave up... I never wanted to give up.
Aya: ... But...
Aya: Now they tell me I can't sing at our show. The one thing I believed in, that my efforts would bring success... maybe it wasn't true after all.
Aya: I feel like everything I've built up to now has all come crumbling down, and... it hurts...
Chisato: ......
Aya: ... What would you do if you were told not to perform? For your career as an idol? Would you just accept it?
Chisato: There are some things that just can't be done with effort alone. That's why I chose to believe in something more... real.
Chisato: If I was told not to sing, that it would help us succeed... I think I probably would accept it.
Aya: ......
Chisato: ... But that's just me. That's what Chisato Shirasagi would do.
Chisato: ... I really thought I understood you, but it looks like I was wrong.
Aya: What...?
Chisato: You told me before you wanted to become your own kind of idol.
Chisato: The Aya Maruyama I know sprints towards her dreams head first. She believes in her efforts, she never gives up...
Aya: My own kind of idol...
Chisato: The only betrayal here would be if you stopped trying. You would be betraying Aya Maruyama. Whatever might come your way... you cannot let that happen.
Aya: ......!
Chisato: ... That's all I have to say.
Aya: Whatever comes my way...
Aya: I cannot...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Eve: Is Aya-san going to be okay...?
Hina: Hmm, I dunno. But I can't imagine Aya-chan ever giving up on anything. Never giving up is her whole thing, isn't it?
Maya: Yeah, it is. Plus she's more idol than any of the rest of us, too.
Eve: What do you mean?
Maya: I had no idea what an idol really was. My whole image of them was that they're these sparkling shells of cuteness...
Maya: But I started to think, what is that sparkle? It's not as simple as just putting on an outfit, I figured that one out when I tried my own on the other day.
Maya: But Aya-san... Taking lessons together, watching her move, I realized... she really does sparkle.
Eve: Sparkle...
Maya: The way she never backs down from a challenge, chases her dreams with all of her effort, stays true to herself... that's what makes her sparkle.
Maya: And then it hit me. "Idol" isn't just a music genre, or some kind of celebrity label.
Maya: It describes a person's entire way of life.
Hina: Their way of life...
Maya: Aya-san sparkles because she chases her dreams without ever giving up. She sparkles so bright, it even rubs off on the people around her...
Maya: I think that's the kind of idol Aya-san is.
Eve: I am finding it a little hard to follow... but I do know that Aya-san sparkles very brightly.
Maya: You can see it, right? That's why... I really think she's going to be okay.
Hina: Yeah... She will. She'll be all right.
Hina: I just know she'll come up with an answer to all of this. And it'll be something sparkling.
