band4-008 Chapter 8: New Training

With their futures and schedules unclear, Aya, Maya, and Eve struggle through practice. Meanwhile, where has Chisato gone...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Chisato: I'm sorry to trouble you like this.
Staff: Not at all. Is something the matter?
Chisato: I was wondering if there was any way you could have these media articles about our debut performance taken down.
Chisato: As long as we receive negative attention like that, Pastel＊Palettes will never again be able to step out onto the stage...
Hina: Hmm...? Is that Chisato-chan? Chatting with the staff again...?
Staff: At the end of the day, we are just as torn up about this as all of you are.
Staff: We hope you understand that we are doing everything we can to make things right for the band.
Staff: ... Sorry, excuse me. Hello? Yes, hi. About the recordings, yes, I was meaning to ask...
Chisato: ......
Hina: Hey~. We keep bumping into each other, huh.
Chisato: Hina-chan... How long were you standing there?
Hina: Mmm, I only just got here. I didn't hear much of what you were talking about.
Chisato: So you did hear a little, then...? I'm sorry. It was quite heavy to hear, I'm sure...
Hina: Don't worry about me, I'm fine. I totally understand what you mean anyway~.
Hina: I'm not exactly married to the band, either. I'm only here because it seems interesting for now. If it starts getting boring, I'll leave in a second~.
Chisato: What are you talking about, Hina-chan...? I never said anything about-
Hina: Call it intuition or whatever, but I get the feeling that you're looking for other options outside of Pastel＊Palettes recently.
Chisato: Fufu. I don't know what you mean. I'm always going to be a member of Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Hmm. If you say so. I gotta get back to training anyway. See you again~.
Chisato: ......
Chisato: (... I suppose she didn't overhear me asking to quit, then... She certainly is sharp, though...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Staff: ... However, I do think the backlash against you personally will continue for a while... or perhaps even worsen.
Chisato: Worsen...?
Staff: We work for Pastel＊Palettes and will do everything to protect its members. But we cannot do anything for someone who leaves the band.
Chisato: So you're saying I should stay with the band and just take the backlash...?
Staff: At the end of the day, we are just as torn up about this as all of you are.
Staff: We hope you understand that we are doing everything we can to make things right for the band.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: (So the only choice I have is to stay with Pastel＊Palettes... This is just awful.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Hah! How about this pose?
Hina: Are you all practicing posing still?
Maya: I had no idea idols had to think up so many poses... I'm learning a lot!
Aya: Hmm... You could try something a little more cute, maybe...? We are idols, after all...
Hina: Do idols have to be cute, though?
Aya: Of course! Idols must be always sparkling, always smiling and always giving hopes and dreams to all their fans!
Maya: That is pretty much the image I had in my mind, yeah. That's exactly why I didn't think I was right for the part...
Hina: Mmm~... Always sparkling? What does that even mean? And how do you give someone a dream? Is that the kind of idol you wanna be, Aya-chan?
Aya: Y-yeah, it is.
Hina: What kind of dreams will you be giving out?
Aya: Umm... I want people to know that if they work hard, all their dreams will come true... and that they shouldn't ever put themselves down.
Maya: Put themselves down...
Aya: At least, that's what I heard an idol once say on TV when I was young. I used to hide away from the world, thinking I didn't really have any worth...
Aya: But then I saw this idol saying these things, and... I felt a rush of motivation. And now I want to give that same experience to others.
Aya: I want to tell them that if even someone like me can have dreams, then surely so can anyone, if they are willing to work hard.
Eve: That is... such a lovely dream, Aya-san. You really moved me!
Aya: Hehehe... I feel kind of embarrassed explaining it like this. But I really do believe it. So I'm starting by working to make my own dreams come true.
Hina: Working for your dreams, huh...
Aya: Did I say something strange...?
Hina: No, no. I don't think so. Working... dreaming... Hmm.
Aya: W-well, different people have different dreams, I'm sure! Maybe we should end our posing practice there and move on to some stretches.
Eve: Ooh, a new training regiment! Let's do it!
Maya: No putting yourself down, huh... Yeah. She's right.
Aya: Maya-chan~! Are you okay?
Maya: Oh, yeah! Let's do this new training, then.
Aya: Okay! Here we go!
