band4-017 Chapter 17: If You Were Me

With only a few days left until the live show, the staff tells Aya something unexpected.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Maya: Huhehe~, can you all feel it~? That precious moment the stick first slams into the snare...
Chisato: ... Maya-chan, do you think we could get back to practicing now?
Maya: Ah... Was I doing it again?
Aya: ... You were, a little, yeah.
Maya: Ahh, Chisato-san, I'm sorry~! I always get carried away talking about my instruments...
Chisato: Your knowledge of music is helping us all greatly, Maya-chan. I thank you.
Maya: Ahh... Can't tell if that's sarcastic...
Hina: Haha~. I think she is genuinely grateful, you know.
Maya: Hina-san... Please don't kick a drummer while she's down...
Hina: Hahahaha!
Aya: (There are only a few days left until the show... and the band has never been in better spirits.)
Chisato: I don't think there's ever been an idol so knowledgeable about music. You should really play it up... but maybe lose the "huhehe..."
Maya: Ahh... Aya-san said the same thing once before...
Chisato: We only have a few days left. Maybe we should try practicing some stage patter? If we move around the personal practice schedule a little...
Staff: Hello everyone.
All: Hello!
Hina: Has something happened~?
Staff: As the big day draws nearer, I wanted to talk to you all about the upcoming show.
Staff: With the lessons we've provided, plus all of your own extra-curricular practice, you've all really improved dramatically! We are incredibly impressed.
Staff: And thanks to your efforts selling tickets, your popularity has grown and you have fans out there excited to come and watch.
All: Thank you!
Staff: Taking your newfound skills and the expectations of your fans all into consideration... we would very much like you to perform for real this time.
Staff: Do you think you are ready?
Eve: Wow...! Of course, of course! This is wonderful!
Maya: I'm so glad we all practiced so hard!
Hina: Of course we're ready. That's what we did all this rehearsing for!
Aya: This is perfect...! We'll give it everything we have!
Staff: However... there is just one problem...
Staff: For the vocals, Aya-san... We would ask that you let us use the recording we prepared before.
Aya: What...? What do you mean...?
Staff: Pastel＊Palettes is receiving a lot of great feedback recently... but we have to remember there will be lot of other bands' fans at this event.
Staff: It is not unlikely that some of these others may shout out nasty comments from the crowd, just like at your debut show.
Staff: Aya-san, you do get the most stage fright of all the members, and we just cannot afford for you to lose your voice again like last time.
Eve: But... she has worked so hard in rehearsals! She put in so much effort!
Chisato: As far as I'm aware, the whole reason we began these lessons in the first place was to allow us to continue performing should the music cut out again, was it not?
Chisato: ... What do you expect us to do if the vocals cut out again this time?
Staff: There are always risks involved with performing at a live event.
Staff: It has been decided that Aya-san being able to perform without issue is what is most important for the band. That is what I am here to tell you.
Staff: ... We took this decision exactly because of how important you all are to us. We really hope you can understand. Aya-san, I'm sorry.
Aya: ......
Hina: Aya-chan...?
Aya: ... Please just... give me a moment.
Eve: Ah... Aya-san...!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan needs time to work through this by herself. Let's just leave her be.
Eve: ... Okay...
Chisato: You made this decision to help her perform without issue, and in doing so only created a giant problem for her. Is this some sort of joke?
Staff: ... I'm sorry.
Chisato: (If you were betrayed by the one thing you believed in... what would you do?)
