band4-009 Chapter 9: The Path I Choose

With their practice sessions beginning to pay off, the girls are happy. In the meantime, Chisato has been negotiating to schedule a show.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Whew...! Our sound is finally coming together!
Aya: Yeah! And tomorrow we perform for our teacher, right?
Eve: I bet she's going to be really surprised!
Maya: I think so, as long as we do our absolute best.
Eve: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[The Next Day]

Teacher: ... That's enough for today. You've all really improved, haven't you?
All: Thank you!
Teacher: Your voice carries a lot better now, Aya. I'm amazed how far you've come in such a short time.
Aya: Thank you very much...!
Teacher: Okay then. We'll pick it up again tomorrow.
All: See you tomorrow!
Eve: I have never been complimented like that before! Mmm~, I feel so happy!
Maya: If we really have improved that much already, I guess it means all that extra practice is paying off.
Aya: Yeah! I think so!
Eve: Will we stay behind today for more special training?
Chisato: ... I'm sorry. I have another appointment to get to. I'll try to make up for it with my own practice at home, though. I'll see you later.
Aya: Chisato-chan has work again today, huh...
Hina: Still, she got the same praise as the rest of us. She must be doing something right.
Maya: I guess, if she's just practicing by herself... Let's get started just the four of us, then.
Eve: Yes, let's do it!
Maya: Today we're focusing on... song arrangement, was it? Let's take a short break first and then we'll begin.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Aya: I-I'm sorry! I came in at the wrong time on the chorus there... Could we try it again...?
Hina: Hey. Why can't you do this right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Umm... Th-that's...
Hina: You've been here a lot longer than us, right? I mean, I'm pretty sure I could have this down in half a day.
Hina: Chisato-chan's not even coming to these classes and she's doing fine. I wonder why you can't seem to grasp it.
Aya: I'm sorry...
Hina: I'm not angry or anything. I just don't understand, is all.
Hina: The sound at the bridge goes all vroom-vroom, and then just kinda booms into the chorus, right? If you just think of it that way...
Aya: Vroom-vroom, then boom into the chorus...? I... I'm not sure...
Hina: You feel it boom into the chorus, right?
Aya: I don't even know what you're saying to me~! Can't you make it a little easier to understand...?
Hina: Easier to understand...? I don't know what you mean, I'm explaining it exactly how I feel it...
Maya: I think you two just feel the music in different ways. Everyone has their own way of experiencing these things.
Hina: They do?
Maya: Sure... We've got you, Aya-san, Eve-san, Chisato-san, and me, right? That's five different people right there.
Maya: We all have our own different ways of experiencing things... No two people will be exactly the same. But matching up together, that's what makes a band.
Maya: I've worked with a lot of different bands, and seeing how each time everyone comes together to form one sound... it's really interesting, I think.
Maya: There was this one time...
Hina: Aya-chan's just not the same as me...
Maya: ... Ahh, I was just trying to sound all wise... and I got carried away again, didn't I...?! I-I'm sorry... I was speaking way out of line...!
Hina: No, I... I think I understand what you mean. We're all different... Hmm, I see, I see.
Hina: Aya-chan. Let's try it again from the bridge, shall we?
Aya: Okay...! Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Chisato: Hello. Could I speak with you a moment? I want to talk to you about a gig for Pastel＊Palettes.
Staff: Of course.
(Black cut)
Staff: I see... I think we may be able to attend an event like that, yes.
Chisato: Maybe...? You mean definitely, yes? I've been bringing you potential events for the band, yet you haven't been able to decide on any of them…
Staff: W-we'll talk to the organizers and see if we can't make something happen. I'll be in touch.
Chisato: (... Step by step, I'm getting closer to returning to the stage. I am sure that I have taken the right path.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walk Home]

Aya: Maya-chan!
Maya: Aya-san! Great work today.
Aya: You too. I just wanted to say... thank you for today.
Maya: Me? Did I do something worth thanking?
Aya: It was what you said to Hina-chan! That a band is made up of all kinds of different people. Thanks to you we could get back to practicing again.
Aya: I just can't talk that... logically? Or I don't know how you'd explain it, but... I thought it was pretty amazing of you. Thank you.
Maya: H-hey, don't worry about it...! If anything, I'm sorry for, y'know... talking all big like that.
Aya: You weren't at all! And anyway, you have far more experience and knowledge than me when it comes to music…
Maya: Aww, come on... I'm just a studio musician, you know...?
Aya: Hahaha. You're too humble! You should have more confidence in yourself, Maya-chan... Not that I'm one to talk, really.
Maya: ......
Aya: Maya-chan? Hello~?
Maya: Huh? Ah! Umm... Thank you! Let's get back to it again tomorrow!
Aya: ...? Yeah, we will!
Maya: Have more confidence, huh... Huhehe...
