band4-015 Chapter 15: Starting Today & Now

The girls are surprised when Chisato shows up to practice. What happens when they play together?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Chisato: I will leave the seating issue in your hands, then.
Staff: Okay, we'll see what we can do. Really though, Chisato-san, the attention Pastel＊Palettes has been getting recently is incredible!
Chisato: Oh?
Staff: Thanks to you, we've had all kinds of positive responses from people in the industry. All that selling tickets yesterday has really raised the band's profile.
Staff: We're all so lucky to have you in the band, Chisato-san~.
Chisato: ... It was Aya-chan who put in all the work selling tickets yesterday. I didn't do anything at all.
Staff: Oh, don't be so modest. All of the staff and all of your fellow band members should all be so grateful for your help~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Comments: Aya-chan has always been a real hard worker, ever since she was a trainee. It's so nice to see her back to her old self again.
Eve: The fans can see how hard you are working, Aya-san! It really was all worth it!
Maya: Your fighting spirit really reached their hearts!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Chisato: ... I'm not the only member of Pastel＊Palettes, you know.
Chisato: ... As I said, please take care of the seating issue.
Staff: Ah, Chisato-san. Where are you going?
Chisato: ... I just remembered I have to be somewhere.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Chisato: (What am I doing...? Why would I ever try to protect them like that? I've never even cared about them before.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Staff: Oh, don't be so modest. All of the staff and all of your fellow band members should all be so grateful for your help~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Chisato: (Hearing those words made me so angry... Not because the staff are incompetent themselves...)
Chisato: (No... It was the complete disregard for how much effort the other members are all putting in...)
Chisato: ... Maybe I am coming down with something after all.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Aya-san, are you feeling any better?
Aya: I'm fine, thank you! Sorry for making you worry like that.
Hina: Chisato-chan was sneezing the other day too. I wonder if she's okay.
Aya: What? She was?
Hina: I hope she didn't catch a cold~.
Chisato: Hello everyone. Is... this the right place for the extra classes?
All: ......
Chisato: Oh, are you... not doing any extra classes today, or...?
Aya: N-no, we are! Yeah, we're just about to start!
Hina: You've been acting real strange recently~. Doing all kinds of things the real Chisato-chan would never do~.
Chisato: Well our show is drawing closer. I thought maybe I could improve my performance, too... I'm sorry I couldn't join until now. I hope you'll all- Kya?!
(White cut)
Eve: Chisato-san! I know you're really busy, but thank you so much for coming to join us!
Chisato: Eve-chan...! I... I just...
Eve: This is my hug of true love! Chisato-san~!!
Chisato: Eve-chan... Thank you... but it's a little tight...!
Eve: Ah! Sorry! I was just so happy...
Chisato: Don't worry about it. To be honest, I wasn't expecting such a positive response.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: I'm really glad you came too, Chisato-san. After, you know... everything that happened... I thought you'd probably hate all this.
Maya: By all this I mean, you know, rehearsals and lessons and... I dunno, I'm sorry... Maybe I just thought wrong, I guess.
Aya: I'm still not sure I understand all the ways you think, Chisato-chan. But I think I'd like to find out.
Aya: ... Just like how you know exactly who I am.
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: Let's make a whole new start right here, Chisato-chan.
Hina: It's just like my sister told me. Understanding others is the most important thing of all.
Eve: Yeah! There's a saying in bushido. "Samurai look out for one another."
Aya: S-samurai...?
Maya: I'm... not even sure if that applies here or not...
Chisato: Fufufu...! You know some very strange things, Eve-chan.
Eve: I do! Thank you!
Hina: Not a compliment~. Hahaha. Okay. I think it's about time we started practice.
Eve: Okay!
Maya: Chisato-san, we're practicing in parts today. You can join me and we'll get our sounds matched up. I-if you'd like to, that is...?
Chisato: Of course! It would be my honor.
