band4-002 Chapter 2: What a Beauty

A week has passed, but the girls still can't find a drummer. Meanwhile, Chisato notices something...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Staff: ... And that's about everything. Does anyone have any questions?
Chisato: Do we know when the new drummer is going to be announced?
Staff: The issue we are facing is that good drumming is hard to fake. We need to find someone who can actually play, but it is proving difficult.
Staff: We will do everything we can to find someone this week, but...
Staff: Until then, we'll have to have someone from our support staff fill in instead. Yamato-san!
Maya: H-hello! My name is Maya Yamato. I'll only be here for a short while, but I'll try to do my best!
All: Nice to meet you, Maya!
Chisato: Well let's hope we find that new member soon, then.
Staff: I'll be sure to let you all know once we do. ... That's about it for today, then. Thank you for coming, everyone.
All (Chisato): Thank you, too.
Chisato: I've got another appointment right after this, so I'll see you all again soon.
Maya: I've also got rehearsals to get to. Sorry to introduce myself and leave like this. See you!
Aya: (... I've wanted to be an idol for so long. My big break is here, but why am I not excited? Three years waiting for this very moment...)
Eve: ... We're in a band. But we don't play instruments. Why not? I don't understand it...!
Hina: It's going to be tough selling a lie like this... But if we're gonna do it, we should do it well, right? At least, that's what I think.
Eve: Do it well...?
Hina: Do it perfectly! So perfectly that no one could ever tell we're faking it. As long as we fake it perfectly, it'll be like it's really happening.
Eve: Mmm.. I don't think I...
Hina: We just have to stick with it! Before you know it, it'll become a truth like any other. Get it?
Eve: Stick with it... Okay! I understand! Bushido is all about choosing a path and sticking to it. I just have to think of our performances like bushido!
Hina: Yeah, that's it! Like bushido! Haha.
Eve: Okay! I think I can do it!
Aya: Stick with it...
Aya: (Pastel＊Palettes is my first real shot... And after these three years, it's also my last. Whatever happens, I just have to stick with it.)
Aya: (... Even if it means I just pretend to sing up there.)
Hina: I mean, a band that doesn't actually play instruments? Doesn't that sound super interesting to you? We've gotta look at it positively. It's exciting!
Aya: ... You're right. We have to be positive.
Hina: That's the spirit. We're all in this together, right? ... Ahh. I should be heading off too. Bye guys.
Eve: I think I'll go home too! Goodbye!
Aya: Goodbye!
Aya: Have to be positive...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Hina: Hey! Chisato-chan, was it? Looking forward to working with you♪
Chisato: Yes, me too.
Hina: I've seen you on TV before, you know. I can't believe we've got a celebrity in the band.
Chisato: Fufu. Still, I don't know anything about being an idol. I've got a lot to learn, too.
Chisato: I don't even know why I was chosen to join, to be honest...
Chisato: All I know is, there must be a reason they wanted me in the band.
Chisato: I just want to do my best in whatever job they give me.
Hina: Huh...
Chisato: What is it? Did I say something wrong?
Hina: You've got all this experience, and you said all those things in that meeting today, but... I thought maybe you might be just as unsure as the rest of us.
Hina: Well, either way, let's all do our best♪ See ya.
Chisato: ... I just want to succeed. That's all.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Coach: That's all for today's class. Good job everyone.
All: Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Hina: Phew, I'm beat! No one said we'd be practicing non-stop like this! I mean we're not even gonna be playing on stage.
Aya: (We've had music practice every day since the band was formed. But the teachers don't seem to be too interested in our progress. Maybe because we'll just be faking it in the end...?)
Chisato: ... Hi everyone! Sorry I wasn't in practice today, my last appointment ran over...
Aya: (Most of us have started to make friends over this past week, except for Chisato-chan. I don't know if she just doesn't care, but she hardly ever even turns up to music classes.)
Aya: I hope we can do this...
Eve: Wow~, you really know a lot about music, Maya-san!
Maya: Aw, you're too kind. I'm just glad I've found someone to listen to me ramble on like this...
Hina: Hey come on, Maya-chan. Your music talk is really interesting, you know. That stuff about voltages the other day, I was hooked!
Maya: What, really?! You enjoyed all that?! I'm so happy to hear it~!!
Hina: ... It kinda makes me sad, actually. It's a shame someone as cool and interesting as you is only with us temporarily...
Eve: Have they still not found a drummer?
Aya: It's been a week already. We can't keep asking Maya-chan to fill in like this...
Eve: If we can't find a drummer, then... We can't do our show, can we? What will happen to us then...?
Aya: D-don't worry about it! I bet they're searching for someone right now, as we speak!
Chisato: ......
Chisato: You are a really good drummer, Maya-san. How long have you been playing?
Maya: Umm... About 5 years now, I think... I only started working for this agency recently, though...
Chisato: Are you looking to become a musician yourself one day?
Maya: Well... either that or an engineer.
Chisato: I see... Just one more thing. Could you take off your glasses for me?
(White cut)
Maya: U-umm... L-like this...?
Chisato: ... Yes. Just as I thought. You're beautiful. Maya-san... Will you join Pastel＊Palettes?
(White cut)
