band4-021 Chapter 1: Hard Work Makes Dreams Come True

The members of Pastel＊Palettes are busier than ever. What will happen when news of a new event comes their way?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Good morning!
Teacher: Good morning, Maruyama-san.
Aya: Hello! ... Hm? Is it just me again today?
Teacher: Yamato-san will be here in an hour. We just can't seem to find a good time for you girls to rehearse together. Until then, you'll have to keep practicing individually whenever you're free.
Aya: G-got it!
Aya: (Sigh... I want to see everyone so badly~. Still, if they're working hard, I should be too!)
Teacher: Are you ready? Let's begin!
Aya: Okay~!
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

[Break Time]

Maya: Good morning~! Sorry I'm late!
Aya: Maya-chan~!! It's so good to see you~!!
Maya: Whoa! Wh-what's gotten into you?!
Aya: It's just been a while since I've gotten to practice with anyone...
Maya: You're right. Not only are we getting a lot more work as a band, but lately we've started getting solo projects as well.
Aya: What did you have going on today, Maya-chan?
Maya: A promotion event for a music store. Sigh~... I was so anxious... Being alone makes everything five times more nerve-wracking.
Aya: I'm sure you did great, Maya-chan! I'll have to work extra hard so I can get more independent work too...!
Maya: That's the spirit...! Although, I'm a little worried about rehearsals for our joint concert coming up, if we're being honest...
Aya: I know what you mean... We didn't even know about this event until recently.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

[Several Days Earlier]

[Talent Agency]

Hina: An idol event?
Staff: Yes! We just got an offer for Pastel＊Palettes to perform. It's kind of short notice...
Aya: "Idol Festival♪"?! I know this event! Ayumi-san performed here before...!
Eve: You mean the same Ayumi-san you idolize so much, Aya-san?
Aya: Yup! She may have quit being an idol, but my dream is to become an even greater idol than Ayumi-san was!
Chisato: You even promised her you'd surpass her in person, didn't you? I'm sure you can do it... However...
Maya: Our schedule's already busy as it is... We'd probably have to practice in between all our other projects. Is that the idea?
Staff: Correct. Don't worry, we'll give you plenty of time to practice. However, you won't have as much time for group rehearsals...
Hina: Hm? It also says here that you want to promote our new single... Does that mean we're getting a new song?
Staff: Yes. An event this large could really work in our favor in terms of promotion... What do you girls think? Are you interested?
Chisato: I'm not sure... Especially considering the practice arrangement...
Hina: It's just one song, so no big deal, right? Just rehearsing the songs we already have is boring anyways.
Eve: Events like this don't happen every day. This is our chance to challenge ourselves! Let's give it everything we've got.
Hina: Exactly~. We should at least try. Right, Chisato-chan?!
Chisato: I-I suppose you're right... We might as well give it a shot, and see where it goes from there.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Aya: Well, we've already decided to participate, so we'll just have to push through, no matter what!
Maya: You're right. If Eve-san was here, she'd tell us "A warrior never goes back on their word."
Aya: Ahaha, yeah! Totally! Okay~! Talking to you has made me feel better! I'm going to do my best!
Maya: Yeah! And I'll be right there with you!
Aya: (This is my chance to stand on the same stage as that Ayumi-san did...! I knew it. If you work hard, dreams really do come true!)
Aya: (The rest of Pastel＊Palettes and I are going to put on the best show ever!)
