band4-027 Chapter 7: That's Bushido!

A puzzled Aya finds Eve cleaning the studio and opens up to her about her fears...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: A hiatus, huh...?
Aya: (We took a similar break when we first formed our band, but we still kept practicing together...)
Aya: (And now we can't even do that...)
Aya: What should we do...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Aya-san! Good morning!
Aya: Eve-chan! You're here... Is that a mop you're holding?
Eve: Yes! I was cleaning before our special training.
Eve: That way the studio will be ready for us, whenever we want to practice...
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: I noticed something while cleaning though. This studio is really big, isn't it?
Eve: All I did was mop the floor, but I'm already sweating.
Eve: I always thought it was so small... How strange.
Aya: You're right. It really does seem huge with just the two of us.
Eve: ... Once everyone's here again, I'm sure it'll feel cramped again. Right?
Aya: ...
Eve: Aya-san, please say something! Anything...
Aya: I wonder what will happen if we break up...
Eve: Huh...?
Aya: I've been thinking about it ever since the staff told us the plan. What would happen if we broke up? I just can't picture it.
Eve: ... We won't break up!
Eve: Pastel＊Palettes will never die!!
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: Why are you thinking of what will happen once we've broken up? Aya-san, do you want Pastel＊Palettes to end?
Aya: Th-that's not what I'm saying! I would never say that!
Aya: I want Pastel＊Palettes to last for a long, long time...  But how are we going to make that happen? I keep thinking and thinking, but nothing's coming to mind...
Eve: In that case, we have to let everyone know how we feel! We have to do everything we can to keep Pastel＊Palettes from disappearing!!
Eve: Just thinking something isn't going to do anything. We have to let them know... That's the bushido way.
Aya: Bushido...?
Eve: When our fans were fighting, they were able to understand how we felt because we told them!
Eve: A-and... That's right! Ayumi-san! Aya-san, remember what Ayumi-san told you!
Aya: What she told me...? Ah!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ayumi: Don't worry. I know you can do it, Aya-chan. Do you know why...?
Ayumi: Because you never get discouraged, and you never give up...
Aya: And I always smile! I promise I'll become an even greater idol than you!!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Eve: The Aya-san I know never gets discouraged and never gives up... Don't ever let that change!!
Eve: Stay true to yourself, and be the wonderful shining Aya-san I've grown to love...!
Aya: I see... Eve-chan, thank you. I remember now. I wanted to become an idol.
Aya: To stay true to myself and become a sparkling idol just like Ayumi-san... That's my dream.
(White cut)
Eve: Aya-san...!
Aya: I want Pastel＊Palettes to keep going.  I want to do it together, the five of us. No, we will do it together!
Eve: Ooo~, Aya-san... Thank goodness. I was worried I might end up all alone again...
Aya: Eve-chan, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you... I wasn't being myself, was I? Thank you for setting me straight.
Eve: ... When I was a model, I was always working by myself. It was so lonely.
Eve: If I was having trouble with something, I had no one to confide in. And if something good happened, I couldn't share it with anyone.
Eve: With no one to feel the same way I did, I felt so alone.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Well, now you have us! Good or bad, we'll get through it. All five of us.
Aya: Eve-chan. Let's tell the others what we just talked about. We'll let them know we want to continue Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Ngh... Waaah~! Aya-san~!!
Aya: Whoa! Getting a hug from you gave me all the energy I need!
Aya: Come on, let's clean this place up and get practicing!
Eve: Okay!
