band4-024 Chapter 4: Shadows of Unrest

Everyone grows anxious about not being able to spend time together...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Photo Shoot]

Maya: Alright, we'll be on our way then. Thank you again for having us!
Hina: Thank you~.
Maya: Great work today, Hina-san!
Hina: You too~. Sigh~. It's always so nice working with you, Maya-chan~.
Maya: Ahaha, really? But now that you mention it, we have been working with each other a lot, haven't we?
Maya: I suppose it's only natural that we'd spend more time together then...
Hina: Oh, yeah. Being by myself is always so boring, so having you there really helps me out~.
Eve: Hina-san~! Maya-san~!
Hina: Oh! Eve-chan! How are you? Are you finishing up too?
Eve: Yes! I'm on my way to rehearse for the idol event! Are you two coming?
Maya: Yup! Maybe all five of us will be there today?
Hina: Hm~, I don't know. I might head home actually.
Maya: I can understand that. There's no point in overworking yourself. Besides, you're the type who doesn't really need the practice in the first place.
Eve: Hina-san, you're really not coming...?
Maya: Hey now, don't be like that, Eve-san... Everyone's busy with their own work, we don't want them to overdo it.
Eve: I know, but... it still makes me feel lonely...
Hina: Uhm~, how do I put this? Recently practice has been so boring. I'd rather just go home instead.
Maya: Is it because we haven't been able to get everyone together?
Hina: Hmm~, maybe? I don't really know myself.
Eve: Then if we're all together, you'll have all sorts of fun! Isn't that right, Hina-san?!
Maya: Calm down, Eve-san... Ah, a message from Chisato-san... Looks like she can't make it today.
Eve: I see...
Hina: Alright, then I'm going home too. There's no way I'll have fun if I'm already feeling off~. See you guys later~.
Eve: Ah, Hina-san! ... Oh, this is terrible.
Maya: Cheer up, Eve-san! I'm headed to practice right now, and it looks like Aya-san is coming too!
Maya: Some days are just going to be like this. There's nothing we can do about it.
Eve: Maya-san... Thank you... I'm sorry...
Maya: Come on, let's head to the studio!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Hi, Eve-chan, Maya-chan! Looks like it's the three of us today! Let's do our best!
Maya: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Maya: ... Okay. This is a good place to stop. Why don't we take a break?
Aya: Phew~, great job, guys~... I get the feeling my intro is getting a little better.
Maya: You're right. It's gotten a lot better since we started! I think if you kept Chisato-san's bass in mind, you might have a better idea of when to start.
Aya: Okay, thanks. Your advice is always so helpful, Maya-chan~... I'll try to remember her part next time.
Maya: Yeah! Practice makes perfect after all! I'm sure you'll get it down.
Aya: Hey, so I had an interview and photoshoot the other day, and they asked me how I plan on surpassing Ayumi-san. At the time, I didn't know how to respond...
Aya: But now, I think I do. It really is all about effort.
Aya: As long as I keep working hard, I'll be able to do more and more things, just like now.
Eve: Oh... Aya-san~!!
Aya: Whoa! What's wrong, Eve-chan?
Eve: You're still you, Aya-san. I'm so relieved...
Aya: Huh? What?!
Eve: We haven't been able to see each other lately. I miss you all so much... And Chisato-san and Hina-san didn't come today either...
Eve: But even when we're apart, Aya-san, you're still doing your very, very best, just like always...
Eve: I saw you practicing just like you always do, and my emotions got the better of me.
Aya: ... I mean, you're all working so hard. I just figured I should be giving it my all too.
Aya: Besides, even if we get more solo work, we're still Pastel＊Palettes! I want to give the perfect performance together.
Maya: That's right... Yeah! Now you've got me motivated too.
Aya: Come on~! We've still got more practice to do. For the show~!
Eve & Maya: Yeah~!
