band4-032 Chapter 12: Better than the Best!

Having overcome their troubles, the girls of Pastel＊Palettes prepare for their show with renewed vigor.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Good morning, everyone.
Aya: Good morning, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Everyone's already here. My apologies. I'll get ready right away.
Hina: Sounds good. How about we do a little review while we wait?
Maya: Great idea!
Eve: Yes! Now, from the top...
Chisato: (Everyone's focusing on practice instead of on me... I really appreciate that. That makes things easier.)
Chisato: (I suppose I wouldn't mind even if they did... I just don't want to use how busy or how tired I am as an excuse for anything. I'm sure everyone understands that.)
Chisato: (To think I'd be so happy getting back to our normal routine...)
Hina: Chisato-chan, you ready~?
Chisato: Yes, thank you for waiting. Let's put our individual parts into one.
(Black cut)
Maya: Phew... We finally got to play our new song together. What did you guys think?
Aya: Ooo~, I'm sorry! My intro didn't go as smoothly as I thought it would. I need to pay more attention to Chisato-chan's sound...
Chisato: I think we both need to be more aware of one another. Perhaps we should try fine-tuning the parts where we need to be more in sync next.
Eve: I agree! Hina-san, will you practice with me?
Hina: Okay~!
Aya: Chisato-chan, I want to go over my intro again. Could we do it together?
Chisato: Of course.
Aya: Yay~! Thank you! Alright, let's start from two measures before...
(Black cut)
Maya: Whoa! Look at the time. Why don't we take a break?
Eve: I was so happy the five of us are finally rehearsing together, I completely lost track of time.
Maya: I don't think that's the only thing at work here. Maybe you all haven't noticed yet, but the quality we expect from ourselves has gone up a lot from before.
Aya: H-has it really...?
Eve: This is an important concert for us, so maybe that desire to give our fans a performance better than our best is what's doing it!
Hina: Better than our best, huh? Ahaha, that's funny. I like it♪
Chisato: (The event isn't the reason we want to give an amazing performance. I'm sure it's because of how we all feel about Pastel＊Palettes...)
Aya: Oh yeah! Since we're all together again, why don't we take a picture?
Maya: Right now?!
Aya: We should post a picture of the five of us online! We'll tell our fans we're going to give them a show better than our best!
Chisato: Aya-chan, for once, that's a great idea. Let's do it.
Aya: F-for once?! Ooo~... Still, at least you agree, right?! Okay, here we go~♪ Everyone, gather round!
Eve: Maya-san, come closer!
Hina: Come on guys, squeeze in!
Aya: Ready...!
Chisato: ... Did you just take a picture?
Maya: I thought you'd say something like "cheese!" I wasn't paying attention...
Hina: Ahaha, who takes a picture on 'ready'~?!
Aya: Huh~?! I'm sorry!
Eve: Aya-san, take another picture!
Chisato: Fufu... 'Ready'! ... Fufu, fufufu!
Aya: Chisato-chan, quit laughing~!
Hina: Hey, you're blinking in this photo too, Aya-chan. You didn't even have your own timing down! Ahaha!
Hina, Chisato, Eve & Maya: Ahahaha!
