band4-025 Chapter 5: Can We Stop?

As they shoot a promotional video for their show, the Pastel＊Palettes members get some unexpected news...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Several Days Later]

[Idol Festival♪ Promo Video Shoot - Dressing Room]

Aya: Uhm, how about this...? "We'll have a new song too! I hope you like it!" Ah, wait, would that spoil it?
Aya: Maybe I should say we'll have lots of different songs instead? Hmm... I'll go ask the staff.
Aya: Uhm, excuse me! I have a question about what I want to say during the-
Staff A: ... Yes, that's right. Here's what we'll do after this...
Staff B: Alright... I'll make the necessary preparations...
Aya: (They look busy... And everyone else is still getting their photos taken... I'll just figure it out myself. This is part of working hard!)
Staff A: ... Maruyama-san! We're filming the group video now. Please come to the set!
Aya: What?! A-already?! Okay, coming~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Filming Studio]

Aya: Hello everyone~! Ready...?
All: We're Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: We're excited to announce that Pastel＊Palettes will be performing at Idol Festival♪!
Chisato: And we couldn't have done it without your support♪ Thank you very much.
Aya: Whether this will be your first time seeing us, or you're already a fan, we hope you'll enjoy the set list we've created!
Eve: I can't wait to see all of our beloved fans! We're going to have so much fun together! Aren't we, Maya-san?
Maya: Ah, yeah! By all means, come and join us~!
Hina: Ah, and of course, we're performing live. No pre-recorded music here~! Aya-chan's even going to sing!
Aya: Hey~!
All: Ahaha.
Aya: Uhm... Okay then, everyone! We'll see you at Idol Festival♪ Bye-bye~!
Staff A: And cut! Perfect! Well, that's a wrap. Thank you, girls, you did great!
All: Thank you!
Staff B: Once you've finished changing, could you all assemble here once more? We have something we'd like to tell you.
Eve: Okay! I wonder what they want to talk about.
Maya: No clue... Maybe it's about the idol show?
Chisato: ...
(Black cut)
Staff A: Looks like everyone's here.
Hina: So, what's going on~? Are we doing another release event?
Staff A: ... You've all worked hard, both as Pastel＊Palettes members and on your own as individuals.
Staff A: Thanks to your efforts, Pastel＊Palettes' fame, as well as that of its members, has grown considerably. As staff, nothing could make us happier.
Aya: Yeah! Thank you so much...!
Maya: Uhm, is this why you called us here? To tell us that...?
Staff A: No... We've gathered you here for a separate reason. Taking into consideration your career prospects, we have decided to prioritize individual assignments over those for Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: What...?!
Staff A: Now that you've all made names for yourselves within the industry, we'll focus on solo projects to spread that fame even further.
Aya: H-hold on a second! What's going to happen to Pastel＊Palettes...?!
Staff A: W-well... We'd like you to think of Pastel＊Palettes as a place you can always come back to...
Hina: Does that mean we're going on hiatus?
Chisato: ...
Staff A: N-no! It's nothing like tha-
Eve: That's... No!! I don't want to take a break!
Aya: E-Eve-chan, calm down...!
Hina: Fine by me~. Who cares if we break up?
Aya: Wh-what are you saying?!
Hina: You guys have been so boring lately. Aya-chan, if this keeps up, Pastel＊Palettes will end. Are you okay with that?
Aya: W-well...!
Hina: I mean, it's like you guys don't even want to be in Pastel＊Palettes anymore.
Chisato: No one's saying that!
Hina: At this point, it's no wonder we're all going our separate ways. All you guys talk about is how solo projects are "good for us." Looks like you've already quit Pastel＊Palettes to me.
Hina: With the way things are going, I'd probably end up quitting anyway.
Aya: Hina-chan!!
Hina: And I really liked Pastel＊Palettes too~.
Maya: Hina-san! Let's talk about this later!
Maya: Once we've calmed down, we can decide what we want to do as a group. For now, we should individually-
Staff A: We apologize for bringing this up so suddenly. This is only possible because you all have solo projects of your own. That is how we came to this decision...
Hina: Well, I've already told you what I think. I'm going home. See you later.
Aya: (Now what...? A hiatus...? What are we supposed to do...?)
