band4-026 Chapter 6: To Dream

The announcement to put band activities on hold has left the girls shaken. Meanwhile, Chisato meets with a certain someone...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Chisato: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hina: Fine by me~. Who cares if we break up?
Aya: Wh-what are you saying?!
Hina: You guys have been so boring lately. Aya-chan, if this keeps up, Pastel＊Palettes will end. Are you okay with that?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: Boring, huh...?
Chisato: (If I take this movie offer, I'll have a bright future. However...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Eve: That's... No!! I don't want to take a break!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Chisato: (I think the reason I hesitated was...)
Chisato: To think I'd be filled with so much doubt. Feelings like that mean nothing in this industry... Sigh.
Kaoru: Ah~, Chisato! My apologies for keeping you waiting.
Chisato: You're late.
Kaoru: I was at band practice, you see. Our passion for music caused me to lose track of time.
Kaoru: Now then, why is it that you've called upon me today? You rarely ever invite me out to tea.
Chisato: No reason. I just thought it'd be nice to see you once in a while.
Kaoru: Whatever the case may be, the very thought of being reached out to by you is just...! Ah~, so fleeting...!
Chisato: ... Kaoru, you mentioned you had band practice before, correct? Well...
Chisato: What if your beloved Theatre Club's performance and your band's concert were on the same day? Which one would you choose?
Kaoru: A difficult question indeed. I would choose to do both.
Kaoru: Disappointing my little kittens or the members of Hello, Happy World! is something I simply cannot do.
Chisato: ... Sigh. I was a fool to think I could ask you something like that.
Kaoru: Fufu... I simply don't want to think of something as impossible before I try. I hope to always be chasing dreams.
Kaoru: To dream is to be human... Therefore, it is only human to dream. Ah, so fleeting!
Chisato: Honestly. Since when did you start acting like this? Like I've said before, you're not the Kaoru I know.
Kaoru: Is that so? I've always been this way... And you've always been as you currently are, Chisato.
Kaoru: Remember our youth? How you used to recount to me your wish to become a fairy tale princess? And you didn't speak of it as if it was a dream.
Kaoru: You always told me, "I will become a princess. And to do so, I must work hard." Then one day...
Kaoru: You fulfilled your goal and made your debut as the princess at our school art festival.
Chisato: I simply want to move forward one goal at a time. I refuse to cling to frivolous things like dreams. It just makes sense in this industry.
Kaoru: I think it's admirable how you continue to achieve those goals. Your strength speaks for itself. However...
Kaoru: Perhaps it is time you allow yourself to have a dream.
Chisato: A dream...
Kaoru: I can't wait to see what you come up with, Chisato.
Chisato: ... I swear. You say such pointless things, Kaoru.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: Allow myself to have a dream, huh...?
Chisato: (Ever since I was little, I've always chosen the safest path. My hopes and dreams had nothing to do with it. My decisions were simply about success.)
Chisato: ... Is it really alright for someone like me to dream?
Chisato: (... I don't know. However...)
Chisato: ... Hello? I apologize for calling so late. It's Chisato Shirasagi. Yes, I've made up my mind regarding the movie offer.
Chisato: ... I'll do it.
