band4-022 Chapter 2: Is Being Busy Good?

Everyone gathers for the first time in a while. But their ideas about their job don't quite match...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Good morning~! Oh, everyone's here~!
Eve: Hina-san~! Good morning!
Hina: Whoa! Ahaha, it's Eve-chan's super-sized, special hug~! How are you?!
Chisato: It's only been a few days, but it feels like it's been ages since we've seen each other.
Aya: I know! I'm so glad we were all able to make it for practice today.
Maya: Alright, everyone's here, so let's get started!
(Black cut)

[After Practice]

Maya: Phew...! Looks like we have our existing songs down.
Chisato: Yes. Considering this is our first practice together in a while, I'd say we're doing just fine.
Chisato: The problem is the new song... With our schedules the way they are, I'm not sure we'll have time to perfect it as a group.
Eve: Are you worried, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Y-yes... Although I suppose there's no use fretting over something that doesn't exist. We'll just have to focus on our current line up.
Hina: Yeah! What's the point of worrying about stuff we don't have?! Ah, do you guys have anything planned after this?
Aya: Not particularly, no.
Chisato: I'm also done for today.
Hina: Yahoo~! Then let's go somewhere for tea and coffee! I miss talking to you guys. I've been so bored~.
Eve: That sounds fun! I want to talk with everyone too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Maya: Oh~! You look so heroic here, Eve-san.
Eve: I can't believe I'm actually in my beloved Bushido Monthly! It's a dream come true~.
Aya: You look so happy in these pictures from your interview! I'm glad you had fun.
Chisato: What's this...? "Being in Pastel＊Palettes has helped me refine my bushido spirit."
Eve: Yes! If I hadn't joined Pastel＊Palettes,  my bushido wouldn't be anywhere near the level it is today.
Hina: Ahaha. That's so Eve-chan! It's all about working on that spirit of yours!
Eve: Once I've perfected my bushido, I'd like to be in a historical drama!
Aya: Maya-chan, you and Hina-chan were on the cover of a music magazine, right? That's so cool~.
Maya: It's nothing special~... When the photographers came to take pictures of me practicing, they were surprised that I wear glasses.
Chisato: That makes sense. You're always wearing contacts on stage.
Maya: Yeah. I think this was the first time I've ever had my picture taken with my glasses on. I actually felt kind of relaxed. Huhehe...
Aya: I've been practicing by myself a lot lately... Honestly, I've really missed you guys...
Aya: You're all doing so many interesting things though. I can't be sad about that!
Aya: After all, it's good to be busy. I have to work hard too.
Eve: That's true, but it's still very lonely...
Maya: Plus, it's nerve-wracking being by yourself, isn't it? I always wonder if I'm doing a good job as an idol.
Chisato: On the other hand, you might discover something that you wouldn't normally notice as part of a group. I'm sure you're anxious, but this is a great opportunity for growth.
Maya: That's true. Every job is a chance to learn something valuable. We have to try to take it all in.
Hina: Chisato-chan, don't you think doing stuff with Pastel＊Palettes is better though? Isn't it more fun with everyone around?
Chisato: It's not a matter of which is more fun. I'm just grateful that we're all getting lots of new opportunities.
Hina: Hm~, yeah, I don't get it. I just like being in Pastel＊Palettes. I don't really care about getting work.
Chisato: ... Oh? It looks like the talent agency is calling. You'll have to excuse me.
Aya: Chisato-chan sure is busy...
Hina: Hey, Aya-chan, you like being in Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Aya: Y-yeah, of course I do. But I would like to get more solo work too.
Hina: Hmm~...
Hina: Whatever, I guess that's fine. You and I are different people. Same goes for Chisato-chan.
Maya: Hina-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Yes, this is Chisato Shirasagi speaking... Yes...
Chisato: ... A movie offer...? For me...?
