band4-029 Chapter 9: Chisato's Dream

Disappointed in herself for being unable to answer Eve's question, Chisato heads to the studio...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Several Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: (Chisato-chan stopped coming to rehearsal after what happened. I'm sure filming is keeping her busy.)
Aya: (I'm sure she's practicing on her own. It is Chisato-chan after all... I wonder if she's okay though.)
Aya: (Why didn't she say she loves Pastel＊Palettes the other day...? What on earth is she thinking...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Movie Set]

Chisato: ...
Chisato: (Why couldn't I respond back there?)
Chisato: (Was it because I didn't think my personal feelings would be enough to convince the staff? Or was it because I didn't see how sharing my feelings would help the matter?)
Chisato: Sigh...
Chisato: Just how boring of a person am I?
Film Crew Member: Shirasagi-san, that'll be all~! Thank you for all your hard work!
Chisato: Yes, thank you for today. I'll be leaving now.
Chisato: There's still time... I can make it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan...! H-hello!
Chisato: Yes... Hello.
Aya: You were filming your movie today too, right? You must be tired! I can't believe you came to practice after that. That's so cool... You really are determined to do both!
Chisato: ...
Aya: ...
Chisato: Aren't you mad at me?
Aya: Huh...?
Chisato: I never said whether I love Pastel＊Palettes or not.
Aya: Well, I suppose it was a little shocking. I'm also worried about what you'll end up doing from now on.
Chisato: ... I want a dream.
Aya: A what?
Chisato: Up until now, I've only ever had realistic, obtainable goals. I've always avoided fanciful things like dreams.
Chisato: But now I've started wanting to dream...  Thanks to Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: For me, staying in Pastel＊Palettes and continuing my acting career seems so impossible, much like a dream.
Aya: ...
Chisato: But even when I try to dream, logic and reason just keep getting in the way, and I end up frozen in place, unable to go forward.
Chisato: Back then, I kept trying to figure out how my feelings for Pastel＊Palettes would change anything... And in the end, I couldn't even answer the question.
Chisato: No matter how much I love Pastel＊Palettes, I just can't believe that will be enough to convince the staff to keep us together.
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: I always end up looking for the safest, most certain route. I'm a boring person who can't dream. So Aya-chan...
Chisato: Just how am I supposed to go about getting one?
Aya: A-anyone can dream! Even you, Chisato-chan!!
Chisato: Uhm...
Aya: And just the fact that you want one is a huge step for you, Chisato-chan!
Aya: So just keep it up! Then little by little, you'll start being able to dream!
Chisato: Uhh, Aya-chan...
Aya: ... Chisato-chan. Don't think about how it could never work for someone like you. Just do it!
Chisato: Uhm... That doesn't really answer my question...
Aya: What?! U-uhm... I... I'm sorry! I just don't want you to say it's impossible for you to move forward...
Aya: Sorry... It came out all wrong.
Chisato: Perhaps, my dream is to... have a dream?
Aya: Yeah, that's it. That's your greatest wish, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: ...!
Chisato: Ah... M-my apologies... I don't know why I'm crying... Fufu, I must be really tired...
Aya: I-I'm sorry... My answer came out wrong.
Chisato: No, it's fine. Thank you, Aya-chan... Can I ask you one more question?
Aya: Sure. What is it?
Chisato: How are you going to make your dream come true?
Aya: Lots of hard work! If you put your mind to it, your dreams will come true!
Chisato: Fu... Fufu...! That's right. That's just who you are, isn't it?
Aya: E-ehehe... You're the one who told me not to change that, Chisato-chan. You said I should keep being me.
(White cut)
Chisato: Thank you... Aya-chan... I'm sorry, but I'm a bit tired... Could I lay down for a little while...?
Aya: Sure. You worked hard today, Chisato-chan. Once you're ready, we can practice together.
(White cut)
