band4-023 Chapter 3: Aya's Dream

Chisato has received an offer for a movie, while Aya receives an offer of her own...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Good morning.
Staff: Good morning. Thank you for coming out on such short notice.
Chisato: Not at all. Now, can you tell me more about this movie offer...?
Staff: Of course. Here is the project outline. Take a look.
Chisato: This is...!
Staff: It seems they've seen your previous work and were impressed. They've specifically requested you by name. It's a supporting character role, but they play a major part in the story.
Chisato: This filming schedule... It overlaps with a lot of our band practices for the idol event.
Staff: That's right... We need to consider your health here as well. Either one of these jobs will be difficult enough on their own.
Staff: We'll either need to have someone take your place at the event, or decrease the number of songs you'll be performing.
Chisato: ...
Staff: We believe this would be an amazing opportunity for you and your career. How about it, Chisato-san? Will you do it?
Chisato: ... May I have some time to think it over?
Staff: Of course. Please take your time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Chisato: ... Sigh.
Chisato: (If I consider my personal career, I should absolutely take this job...)
Chisato: (But I couldn't give them an answer right away. There's still-)
Aya: Chisato-chan~!
Chisato: Aya-chan, it's good to see you. What are you doing here?
Aya: Nice to see you too! I'm here because I've got an interview and photoshoot today~.
Chisato: Oh? A solo project?
Aya: Yup, that's right. I got a call from the talent agency on my way home from the café the other day!
Aya: I thought up all sorts of possible questions and answers to prepare... I just hope I'll be able to actually say them.
Chisato: You'll be fine. I'm sure of it.
Aya: Chisato-chan... Is everything okay? You look kind of down.
Chisato: Huh? Do I?
Aya: That's right, you got a call from the talent agency at the café too. Did something happen?
Chisato: N-no. It wasn't anything major. Just a normal call. Well then, good luck, Aya-chan.
Aya: Yeah, thanks! See you later!
Chisato: (... For Aya-chan to notice something's wrong, I really must seem off. How careless of me.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Good morning! Thank you for having me today!
Photo Crew Member: Thank you for coming, Maruyama-san. Now then, shall we begin with the interview?
Aya: S-sure! Let's get started!
(Black cut)
Photo Crew Member: ... Alright, that brings us to our next question. Going forward, what kind of idol would you like to become?
Aya: Uhm... Well... I-I'd like to continue working hard as a member of Pastel＊Palettes!
Photo Crew Member: I see. Is there anybody you look up to in general?
Aya: Yes! The whole reason I entered the idol world was because of my love for Marmalade's Ayumi-san. When Marmalade broke up, I made a promise to her...
Aya: I will become an even greater idol than Ayumi-san! That's my dream!
Photo Crew Member: I see. So you want to surpass Ayumi-san, correct? What do you think you need to do in order to achieve your goal?
Aya: What do I need to do...? W-well, you see... Uhm...
Photo Crew Member: Is that, perhaps, your first goal? Finding out what you need to do?
Aya: Y-yes! That's it... I think! I want to work hard and someday become someone who can surpass her!
Photo Crew Member: Alright, that's a wrap! Thank you for your time. The photoshoot is next, so please move to the makeup station...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Photoshoot]

[Station Entrance]

Aya: ... "I did something new at work today!" ... And send.
Aya: ... Sigh~...
Aya: (I had a lot of fun, and I learned a lot, but... I didn't do so great at that interview. My answers were terrible.)
Aya: Looks like I've got a lot to think about once I get home~...
Aya: (How am I going to surpass Ayumi-san? I have to find the answer to that too!)
Aya: Alrighty~!
Aya: I've got this~!
