band4-034 Chapter 14: A Definite Change

Their bond stronger than ever, the members of Pastel＊Palettes remember those precious to them...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Aya: We get our new costumes today~! I'm so excited!
Hina: Why are we getting new costumes if Pastel＊Palettes might not be around much longer?
Maya: Plans must have changed after they made the outfits and the song.
Chisato: Well, regardless of what their original plans were, it's nice to have new costumes for our show♪
Eve: Yes! I wonder what they'll be like. I can't wait to try them on♪
Staff: Sorry for the wait, girls! I've got your costumes right here, so we can proceed with the fitting~!
(Black cut)
Aya: Wow...! These costumes are so cool~!
Eve: They really are...! And they seem a little different from the costumes we normally get!
Chisato: It's rare for us to wear shorts, isn't it? And the feeling of leather is new too.
Aya: Ah, that's right...! We have to think about comfort, don't we? This is a fitting after all.
Maya: I got so caught up, I forgot about that myself... Ahaha...
Hina: We've done something like this before, haven't we? How nostalgic~.
Aya: You're talking about when we first formed as a band, right?
Eve: Those costumes made for us back then... We still have them. We've been through a lot of tough times. We even had to take a hiatus... But here we are, still wearing them till this day!
Eve: That's why I want our show to be a success, so we can keep performing and wearing these costumes for a long time!
Chisato: Agreed. We should treasure these costumes... Excuse me, the side is loose. Could you bring it in here a little bit? Then...
(Black cut)
Staff: ... That concludes our costume fitting. We will take your comments and make the appropriate adjustments. Thank you for your time.
All: Thank you!
Staff: Ah, and one more thing... If you have anyone you would like to invite to the idol event, please let me know.
Chisato: How many people can we invite this time?
Staff: We've arranged for a large number of tickets to be prepared for us, so please give us a full list of everyone who'd like to come. Of course... within reason.
Staff: As I mentioned before, this could be Pastel＊Palettes' last concert, so please feel free to invite anyone you'd like to be there.
Aya: Ah...
Eve: Our performance will be better than our best. That way, it won't end up being our last concert! Our friends will see us in our hour of triumph!
Chisato: Yes, that's right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Hina: Hey, have you guys decided who you're going to invite?
Eve: I'm going to invite my parents, of course. Then I want to invite my classmates and Tsugumi-san! I'd love it if Hanne could come too... but she's too far away.
Maya: I think I'm going to invite Okusawa-san, Ako-san, and Kitazawa-san~. The way they helped me is something I'm really thankful for.
Aya: How about you, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I'm going to ask Kanon to come. She's always saying she wants to come to our concerts.
Maya: What about Kaoru-san?
Chisato: Good question. I suppose if there's room for her.
Aya: They said we've got plenty of space, so it should be fine! Hina-chan, you're going to invite Sayo-chan, right?
Hina: Yup, that's the plan! Sis is always so busy, though. She's never been to any of our concerts~... Still, I'd love it if she could come this time.
Aya: I'm sure she will! We're in the same class. Should I mention it to her?
Hina: No, it's okay. I want to be the one to invite her! I'm gonna ask her right now. Let's hope she can come...!
Aya: Eve-chan, we should ask all of Afterglow to come, not just Tsugumi-chan! They've helped us out so much, even writing a song for us!
Eve: What a wonderful idea! I'd love for them to hear our version of "Y.O.L.O!!!!!"
Chisato: If we work hard, maybe Ran-chan will tell us it "wasn't so bad."
Aya: Yeah! I'll have to sing it like Ran-chan would and be super cool... We're in the final stretch, everyone!
Hina: ... Ah, my sister responded♪ ... Wow! Yippee~!
Chisato: What'd she say, Hina-chan?
Hina: She can come! She can come to our concert!
Chisato: That's wonderful! Now you really have to give her a show to remember.
Hina: ... You know, if things were still like they used to be, I doubt she would be coming.
(White cut)
Hina: I always wanted to get closer to my sister, but I think that would have been impossible for the old me. It was pretty much like making a wish.
Hina: When I joined Pastel＊Palettes, and Sis joined Roselia... We both changed. We both worked to make the impossible possible. And now...
Hina: She's coming to my concert! This is like what Eve-chan was talking about when she said goals and dreams are connected, right? Maybe I've had a dream or a goal or whatever all along♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ... I always thought I was the one who changed the most since joining the band, but perhaps it's you, Hina-chan.
Hina: Really? Fufu, I think it's you for sure, Chisato-chan! ... Well, whatever. Let's give them a concert they won't forget!
