band4-028 Chapter 8: Do You Love Pastel＊Palettes?

After Aya and Eve confirm their feelings regarding the band, Hina and the others arrive...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Several Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Aya-san, I've finished mopping!
Aya: And I'm done over here too! Alright, then let's get practici-
Maya: Good morning! Ah, It's Aya-san and Eve-san!
Eve: Maya-san! And Hina-san! Even Chisato-san's here!!
Chisato: ... Good morning.
Hina: Mornin'~.
Aya: Hina-chan, I'm so glad you came.
Hina: Yeah, well~, I don't really need the practice, and I still think you guys have been really boring lately...
Hina: Being by myself is even worse, though. There's no one to talk to while I'm working.
Maya: Which is why I invited her to practice today. Although, I'm still worried about what will happen to Pastel＊Palettes...
Maya: The idol event isn't going to wait for us to figure it out. We need to perfect that new song. Besides, that might help us figure out where to go from here too.
Eve: I'm so happy you all came today!
Aya: You see, Eve-chan and I have been cleaning the studio.
Eve: Yes! That way the studio would be ready for us whenever the five of us decided to rehearse together...
Maya: Eve-san...
Aya: Hina-chan, I'm sorry!
Hina: Huh? What for?
Aya: When the staff told us about the hiatus, I didn't know how to respond... No wonder you thought I'd already given up on Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: Eve-chan said the same thing. I wasn't acting like myself, and now I know better. I'm sorry I snapped at you the other day.
Hina: Ahaha! Oh, so that's what you meant.
Aya: I want to stay in Pastel＊Palettes. I know we can't do much more than keep practicing and letting the staff know how we feel though...
Hina: Uh-huh, that's the spirit! Good to see the old Aya-chan's back~.
Aya: And it's all thanks to you and Eve-chan! I want to stay in Pastel＊Palettes... I'll work hard to become just like Ayumi-san.
Hina: That's your dream, right? I've never really understood dreams. I've never had one myself after all.
Hina: I doubt I'll ever be able to have one of my own, but I figured if I stayed in Pastel＊Palettes, I just might find out what a dream is...
Chisato: ...
Eve: Uhm... Thank you for coming today, Chisato-san!
Chisato: O-of course... Uhm, actually... I-
Staff: Hello, everyone.
All: Hello!
Hina: What's up~?
Staff: Chisato-san, I'm here to discuss your schedule regarding the movie offer you accepted the other day.
Aya: What...?!
Maya: Chisato-san, you're going to be in a movie?
Chisato: Y-yes... However, I still plan on being in the idol show...
Staff: Actually, that's what I'm here to talk to you about...
Aya: W-wait a second! Are you trying to say that Chisato-chan might not be able to perform with us?
Staff: We have to take her health into consideration. If she pushes herself too hard and tries to do both, she might end up unable to do either...
Chisato: ...
Eve: I don't want to quit Pastel＊Palettes!!
Maya: E-Eve-san?
Eve: I don't want a break from Pastel＊Palettes either! I want the five of us to keep being together...!!
Aya: I-I feel the same way!! I-I understand that... arranging our schedules may be difficult, but... I want to stay in the band!!
Aya: I've learned so much from everyone here. They've helped me so many times... I love them.
Aya: So I want to stay together! Please!!
Staff: We understand that you've all gotten much closer since the band's formation. However... just because you love Pastel＊Palettes doesn't mean-
Eve: Chisato-san! You love Pastel＊Palettes too, don't you?
Chisato: Huh...?
Eve: That's why you're here today, isn't it? You came because you want to stay in Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Chisato: Well...
Chisato: ...
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Staff: Thank you for sharing, everyone. We now understand how you all feel. Chisato-san, here is your schedule. Please look over it when you have the time.
Chisato: ... Okay.
Aya: (Chisato-chan... Why aren't you saying anything...?!)
