band4-030 Chapter 10: As Dreams Gradate

The rest of Pastel＊Palettes joins up with Aya and Chisato to discuss dreams and goals.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[One Hour Later...]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Looks like everyone's here for training today! I'm so glad!
Maya: Eve-san, shhh! You'll wake Chisato-san.
Hina: Don't we need to wake her up if we want to practice though?
Chisato: Mmm...
Hina: Ah, she's awake. Good morning~, Chisato-chan! Feeling better~?
Chisato: E-everyone...! You could have woken me up once you were all here...
Aya: You seemed really tired, so we thought it'd be better to let you sleep. Are you okay?
Chisato: I'm fine. After all, you're all doing the same thing, balancing the band and solo projects. Thank you for your concern though.
Chisato: ... Still, I'm sorry you had to see me like this.
Hina: Well, you're here, so does that mean you want to stay in Pastel＊Palettes?
Chisato: Y-yes...
Aya: We'll just have to keep going at Chisato-chan's pace! If we put our minds to it, I'm sure our dreams will come true!
Chisato: Fufu. I'm not sure if that's relevant at all... But thank you.
Hina: Lately, I've been trying to figure out what exactly a dream is. I think maybe it has something to do with chasing the impossible. What do you guys think? Is that right?
Chisato: The impossible...
Aya: Hmm~... Are dreams really impossible though?
Aya: It was always my dream to become an idol, do concerts and release events.
Aya: And once I joined Pastel＊Palettes, all those dreams came true! So I don't think dreams are impossible.
Eve: I agree with Aya-san!
Eve: My dream is to become a samurai... And ever since I became a member of Pastel＊Palettes, I can feel myself becoming more and more like a samurai!
Maya: C-could you give us an example of how?
Eve: Being straight forward with my feelings, never going back on my word, conveying those emotions to those around me...
Eve: Being in Pastel＊Palettes and meeting all sorts of people has helped me put these valuable bushido lessons into practice!
Eve: If I had continued to model all by myself, I don't think my bushido training would be where it is today.
Aya: You've really become someone we can count on, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes! Because I'm becoming more like a samurai!
Hina: I get it~... So dreams aren't necessarily impossible, huh?
Chisato: ... What's the difference between a dream and a goal?
Eve: They're probably the same thing!
Maya: If we consider the fact that either one can be achieved, I suppose you're right.
Eve: When I lived in Finland, becoming a samurai was just a dream to me. However...
Eve: I came to Japan and joined Pastel＊Palettes. There were plenty of tough times, but in those moments, I'd remember the bushido spirit and get past it!
Eve: So I think they're the same thing. Dreams gradate into goals!
Maya: Gradate into goals, huh...? I see, I see... So in other words...
Maya: Becoming a samurai used to be a dream to you, but as you continued your bushido training, becoming a samurai turned into a goal. Is that it?
Eve: Exactly! I knew you'd understand, Maya-san!
Hina: So it's some sort of gradation~...! I get it~! You know how I said before that being in Pastel＊Palettes might help me figure out what a dream is? Looks like that's really going to happen!
Hina: Ahaha. You guys really are interesting! Who would ever talk about the difference between goals and dreams so seriously?
Aya: Huh~?! You're the one who brought it up though!
Eve: Hina-san's always helping us realize new things. Dreams and goals are both really important!
Aya: So as we get closer to our dreams, they become our goals... Good for you, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: What do you mean?
Aya: You already had a dream of your own. You just never realized it.
Chisato: ...! I see. I suppose you're right.
Chisato: ... It turns out even I can dream.
Maya: Hmm~...
Hina: What's wrong, Maya-chan?
Maya: Ah, it's nothing. I'm just... not sure I've ever had a dream before...
Hina: Maybe you're like Chisato-chan, and you just haven't noticed it yet?
Maya: I'm not sure. I've just been so focused on the uphill battle of being an idol...
Maya: (My goals and dreams as an idol... Do I have anything like that?)
