event171-03 Chapter 2: Sunset Meetings

Rinko and Tomoe both believe the other has a mistaken impression of them...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Hello. Rinko-senpai, I've put together the event schedule, so-
Council Member 1: Shirokane-senpai, thank you so much! You've really helped me out!
Rinko: No, thank you... I leave the rest to you...
Rinko: Ah, Ichigaya-san. Hello...
Arisa: I'm sorry to have interrupted. Was there a problem just now?
Rinko: Ah, it was nothing too serious... I was just helping check the equipment list for the event...
Arisa: Um, you help other people with their work a lot, but... it's okay to leave that to someone else.
Arisa: Sayo-senpai said this as well, but I don't think there's any need for the student council president to do everything...
Rinko: Y-you're right. I know that it isn't very efficient, but... they seemed to be having trouble, so I couldn't help it...
Rinko: But I guess I should do something about myself first instead of worrying only about others...
Arisa: ...? Did something else happen?
Rinko: Ah, it's nothing to do with the event... Uh... I was actually talking with Ako-chan and Tomoe-san yesterday...
(Black cut)
Rinko: ... So it seems like she has the wrong idea... I'm not that kind of amazing person...
Arisa: Y-you have a point... The whole "protagonist of a battle manga" definitely feels like a bit of an exaggeration...
Arisa: I have to wonder though... why does Tomoe-san have that impression of you?
Rinko: I don't know... She is like a hero to everyone... so her getting the wrong idea like that honestly puts pressure on me...
Arisa: Tomoe-san's a hero?
Rinko: Yes... From what I hear, that's what she's like... For example, even in the downtown area, she would...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: What do we do...? I can't believe no customers are coming to the downtown area... At this rate, we won't make enough to feed ourselves!
Saya: The downtown area might finally be done for... If only Tomoe would come at a time like this...
Tomoe: Guys! Don't look so down!
Saya & Hagumi: Tomoe! Tomo-chin!
Tomoe: Now that I'm here, you've got nothing to worry about. I'll turn this place into the world's liveliest downtown area ever.
Saya: Tomoe... We'll follow you anywhere!
Hagumi: As long as you're here, the downtown area is in good hands!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... Huh? Was Tomoe-san that kind of person...?
Rinko: I-I might be slightly mistaken, but...
Rinko: I believe... she's a dependable person... as I often hear stories about her...
Rinko: Whether it's in the downtown area, her band, or at school... she is the person people want to rely on when there's a problem...
Rinko: I've heard that the people around Tomoe-san trust her because she has a strong spirit that can never be broken...
Rinko: If I could be like her... I believe I could become a more dependable student council president...!
Arisa: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Saya: Ahahahaha!
Tomoe: It's not a joke, Saya~!
Saya: Hahaha... I mean, here I was wondering why you looked so serious, and you say you're being mistaken for a hero!
Tomoe: And I'm saying that that's a problem~...
Saya: Fufu, sorry, sorry. But I don't think what you were told is all that wrong.
Saya: You being a dependable person is true, after all.
Tomoe: I dunno. I think Rinko-san's more of an amazing person than me.
Tomoe: She has aspirations, and the way she faces everything with passion is majorly cool!
Saya: With passion, huh..? Well, now that you mention it, I guess that could be true...
Tomoe: Yeah. You might not be able to tell at a glance, but I bet that even with her student council work, she'd be...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: This is awful! There's a protest outside demanding a budget increase for all club activities... The disciplinary committee cannot hold them back any longer!
Arisa: The broadcasting committee is still demanding new equipment... We have to deal with that as well...!
Sayo: There's nothing but problems... Hanasakigawa may be done for...
Rinko: Everyone, you mustn't give up...!
Sayo & Arisa: Shirokane-san! Rinko-senpai!
Rinko: There has to be a way to solve this...! If we all work together... I am certain something can be done...!
Arisa: W-whoa...! Rinko-senpai's eyes are kinda glistening...!
Sayo: I feel an extraordinary heat emanating from Shirokane-san...! She is silently impassioned...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Huh? Was Rinko-senpai that kind of person...?
Tomoe: I didn't actually see it for myself, but don't you think she'd be like that?
Tomoe: I really think she's the kind of person with a passionate heart that has gradually increased what she can do by seeing things through to the end without running away.
Saya: Well, that might be the case...
Tomoe: Having someone amazing like that think of me as a hero honestly makes me feel this kinda weird pressure...
Saya: Did you tell her that?
Tomoe: Actually, uh... I wasn't really able to explain it very well...
Saya: Well, clearing up a misunderstanding like that does seem like it might be a little hard.
Tomoe: Yeah... But I can't just leave things the way they are. I'm going to the upcoming Hanasakigawa Community Festival, so I'll try talking to her when the time is right.
Saya: Okay, I think that's a good idea! I'll be there as a student volunteer that day, so if anything happens, I'll help.
Tomoe: Saya~! Thanks, you're a lifesaver!
