event171-06 Chapter 5: The True You

Tomoe and Rinko finally get the chance to talk about who they really are.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Ako: Rin-rin, are you okay? Has your head stopped spinning?
Rinko: Yeah... I'm okay now... I'm sorry to have worried you...
Ako: It's okay, don't worry about it! This is the least we can do.
Tomoe: Ako, sorry, but could you bring Rinko-san some water?
Ako: Okay, got it. Rin-rin, you keep resting, okay?
Rinko: Sigh...
Rinko: I'm sorry... The both of you are guests... and yet I made you worry about me...
Tomoe: Please don't worry about it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: ... I'm always like this.
Rinko: You said that I'm a cool person... with enthusiasm and ambition...
Rinko: That I'm someone who can do their best to be their ideal self...
Rinko: But the reason I've faced so many challenges is because I just run from the things I'm not very good at...
Rinko: I didn't like myself like that... and wanted to change... and I thought I would if I could change something just a little bit...
Rinko: That's why... the real me isn't as cool as you think...
Tomoe: Rinko-san...
Rinko: After becoming the student council president, I thought I had gradually started grasping onto something...
Rinko: Today I feel like that has become distant again...
Rinko: I cause trouble for everyone in the student council... and they're always helping me... I feel so pathetic...
Rinko: I've disappointed you, haven't I...? Even though you praised me so much... I'm sorry...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... No, please don't apologize. I'm the same way, so I feel like I understand.
Rinko: What...? You are...?
Tomoe: I've wanted to tell you this all day, but... I'm not the impressive person you think I am.
Rinko: But... from my point of view, you're...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: About that whole "hero that would never lose" thing. The real me is nothing like that.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: It's just like Saya said. I get down just like anyone else. Actually, all I do is feel down.
Tomoe: Seeing Ako getting better and better at drums makes me panic and wonder if I'm still able to be her cool big sister.
Tomoe: Whenever I see people confidently run on ahead of me, I get worried... and wonder what I am even doing.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rinko: I see... You did not seem that way to me at all...
Tomoe: That's probably... because I don't want to show it, so I'll act cool. Especially in front of Ako.
Tomoe: I don't want others to see me being hesitant. I couldn't bear that happening.
Tomoe: That's why I try to look good. Even if I can't be Invinci-Red, I feel like I can get close as long as I keep that up...
Tomoe: But it isn't going all that well... Sorry. I guess... I've disappointed you as well.
Rinko: N-not at all...
Rinko: We... may have been seeing... the people we want to become in each other...
Arisa: Um~... Sorry to interrupt during this important conversation...
Tomoe: Whoa, you gave me a fright, Arisa!
Arisa: I'm really sorry! There's something I just have to ask Rinko-senpai about...
Rinko: Is it about the problems from earlier...?
Arisa: No, those have all mostly been taken care of, so they're fine. There's a problem with the Hanasakigawa Orchestra performance at the end of the event...
Arisa: It seems like I misread the number of people on the application. I thought it was twenty-five people, but it was forty-five people...
Tomoe: You got twenty-five mixed up with... forty-five?!
Arisa: I'm so sorry! I thought I had checked...
Rinko: No, I also checked that document... I am sorry as well...
Rinko: There's not much time... until the performance begins... Let's get the stage ready right away...
Tomoe: A-are you alright? Rinko-san, your head was spinning just before...
Rinko: I know... I might cause trouble for everyone again...
Rinko: But I'm the student council president... so I can't run away when everyone is having a difficult time...
Tomoe: Rinko-san...
Arisa: B-but there aren't any students that can work on the preparations, so I don't know if we'll make it in time...
Rinko: First, let's start with the things we can do...!
Rinko: All of the orchestra members and guests are looking forward to the performance, after all...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai...!
Rinko: First, we have to prepare chairs... and then music stands...
Council Member 1: Shirokane-senpai! We heard about the orchestra.
Council Member 2: Please let us help as well!
Rinko: E-everyone...! Aren't you all busy with your own work assignments...?
Council Member 1: If we work while taking turns with the other student council members, it'll be fine!
Council Member 2: We're always getting you to help us, so we want to help you, even if it's only a little bit.
Ako: Rin-rin, Sis! I brought some water~... Are you two going somewhere?
Rinko: Ako-chan, thank you for the water... I'll be getting back to my student council work...
Ako: Are you really okay? You aren't pushing yourself, are you?
Rinko: Yeah, I'm okay now...!
Tomoe: Rinko-san, I'll help out too.
Rinko: Huh...? But, Tomoe-san, you're a guest...
Tomoe: For now, just think of me as a student volunteer.
Ako: Huh, what's going on? If there's something I can do too, I'll do it!
Rinko: Tomoe-san... Ako-chan... Thank you both so much...!
Rinko: Okay then, let's go... We must make this an event that everyone can enjoy...!
