event171-01 Opening: The Invincible Super Wizard

During a chat with Ako about Rinko, Tomoe talks about how she sees Rinko...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Cassim's Labyrinth - Deepest Level]

RinRin (Rinko): Incantation complete... Blast Nova!
RinRin (Rinko): The dungeon guardian has less than five percent of its HP left... Now we can defeat it, Ako-chan! （☆ω☆*）
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay~! Let's finish this right away with our ultimate spells!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Oh, great darkness, come forth from beyond eternity... Deliver unto my enemies wrathful judgment with your abominable hellfire...
RinRin (Rinko): Um, Ako-chan? If we don't attack right away, it's going to counter-attack...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Wah! The incantation for this spell is so long~!
RinRin (Rinko): Ah, the incantation is over...!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Darkness...
RinRin (Rinko): Elemental...
RinRin & Demon Princess Ako: Burst! Flare!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ako: ... Yay! We did it, Rin-rin! We finally won~!
Rinko: Yeah, we did... It's all thanks to you doing your best... and not giving up until the very end...
Ako: Ehehe... Thanks!
Ako: But the reason we won was because of you! That's because no matter how many times we lost, you'd cheer me up and help me think of a strategy!
Rinko: I-I didn't do anything that special...
Ako: That's not true. I'm really grateful to you! You always-
Ako: ...
Rinko: ...? Huh? Ako-chan? I can't hear your voice...
Rinko: A-Ako-chan~...! What's wrong~...?
Ako: Sorry, sorry! My sister came home just now!
Ako: She said they had a battle concert today! They didn't get along with the other band at first, but they were good friends when it was over, so she seemed really happy!
Rinko: Afterglow seems to be getting... a lot of requests for battles lately...
Rinko: I'm no good... when it comes to tense atmospheres... so I think it's amazing... they can keep doing concerts like that...
Ako: I'm no good at that either...
Ako: But my sister is strong enough not to flinch even if something were to happen!
Ako: Even if a rival were to challenge her, she'd just grin and say, "Now things are getting interesting!"
Rinko: R-really...?
Ako: Well~... I've not seen that happen, but I think she would!
Ako: She's always so cool, so I think she'd say as much!
Ako: I mean, wasn't she super duper cool when she issued that declaration of war for Afterglow?
Rinko: Yeah... Challenging so many girl bands like that isn't an easy thing to do...
Ako: That's not something you can declare unless you have as much confidence as my sister!
Ako: I'm sure that when she was offered that interview, she decided to say that and hit everyone with her flaming passion!
Rinko: That's amazing... If it were me, I'd be afraid of saying something weird... and would probably try to end it safely...
Rinko: But that's just the type of person Tomoe-san is... so she's trusted by the people around her...
Ako: Yeah! Whether it's downtown or at school, people really trust her!
Ako: Whenever someone's in trouble, she'll say "Just leave it to me!" and help them out!
Rinko: I've not really talked with her one-on-one... but you always tell me about her... so I think I know what kind of person she is...
Rinko: Tomoe-san is... strong-willed... and dependable... She's almost like some kind of hero...
Ako: Yeah! She's the greatest hero for me and everyone else!
Rinko: I wish... I could be strong and dependable like her...
Ako: ...? What's wrong, Rin-rin?
Rinko: I'm the student council president... but being a dependable president is hard...
Ako: You don't have to worry about it that much! You're cool too, after all! I'm sure you can be the kind of president you want to be!
Rinko: Ako-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: Wow, so you finally defeated that really strong whatchamacallit boss! Way to go, Ako!
Ako: Yeah! It's all thanks to Rin-rin helping me out so much!
Ako: No matter how many times we lost, she would tell me about some other tactics! She really is the best partner ever!
Tomoe: So you faced it without giving up no matter how much you lost...
Tomoe: Rinko-san is fairly persistent... or rather, she's the kind of person who gets quietly fired up.
Tomoe: I thought she was pretty docile, but my impression changed after hearing about her from you so much.
Ako: It did?
Tomoe: You told me how she participated in a bunch of club activities at Hanasakigawa, right?
Tomoe: When I heard that story, I thought she was really passionate and cool.
Ako: Ah~! You mean that one time! Yeah, Rin-rin is cool, huh?!
Ako: She jumped right into a bunch of club activities and tried things she'd never done before! All so she could become stronger!
Tomoe: She did it to be stronger... That's cool. She's like the protagonist in a battle manga.
Ako: I thought so too!
Ako: Challenging different club activities is like those people that go around defeating entire dojos. It's just so incredible!
Ako: She's like an invincible super wizard that defeats all incoming enemies one by one... or something like that!
Tomoe: A s-super wizard...?
Tomoe: I can't really picture it... But going by what you've told me, I bet you're right.
Ako: What really makes Rin-rin special is the fact that she never runs away!
Ako: Even if she's not good at something or can't do it at all, she faces it head-on to become stronger!
Ako: When I'm with her, even I get the courage to do things!
Tomoe: I see. I'm glad you have such an awesome best friend, Ako.
Tomoe: Still, the more I hear about her, the more amazing she sounds...
Tomoe: I've not really talked with her directly, but thanks to your stories, I've been able to get to know all about her.
Tomoe: To go through all those challenges and then try out for student council president... She has an impressive desire to improve herself.
Ako: Yeah! At this rate, I bet she'll be able to be the best version of herself in no time!
Tomoe: Ahaha. As far as I'm concerned, she's already a really incredible person!
Tomoe: I need to learn from her so I can have as much passion as she does...!
