event171-05 Chapter 4: Misconception Chaos

Rinko and Tomoe's attempts to correct the misconceptions only worsen things.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Ako: This chocolate-covered banana is so good~! Maybe I should go buy another one later.
Tomoe: Ako, you've got chocolate all over your mouth. Here, have a tissue.
Ako: Thanks, Sis.
Rinko: (She's relied on by the people around her... she has a strong spirit... and she's a really gentle person...)
Rinko: (Tomoe-san really is everyone's hero... I can't let someone like that have the wrong idea about me...)
Arisa: Um... Rinko-senpai. Shouldn't you tell Tomoe-san about the thing we talked about yesterday...?
Rinko: You're right... I can't leave things the way they are...
Rinko: Um, Tomoe-san... about what we were talking about downtown the other day...
Tomoe: ...? Yes?
Rinko: You said that... I am a passionate person like the protagonist of a battle manga... but I'm actually not like that.
Rinko: I... have so many things that I'm not able to do... and because of that, I end up causing a lot of trouble for those around me...
Rinko: I can't do the things that people naturally expect, so I'm just thinking that I have to do something about that...
Tomoe: Rinko-san...
Rinko: I'm sorry. I know you complimented me... but that is who I am...
Tomoe: Oh, you have nothing to apologize for. You really are super modest...!
Rinko: Huh...?
Tomoe: From my point of view, you're already an incredible person, so for you to think you still have a ways to go...
Tomoe: It's like you're strict with yourself, or your ideal self is at a high level...
Tomoe: You really are cool, Rinko-san! I could really tell how you're quietly fired up!
Rinko: No, um...! It's nothing that grand...!
Rinko: Whatever I do, I always end up taking more time than other people... and there are many times when I can't feel confident in myself...
Tomoe: You can't feel confident, huh...? I guess you can still feel that way despite the different challenges you've faced up until now.
Tomoe: I haven't taken on as many challenges as you have, so it's a little hard for me to understand the trouble you're having...
Ako: It's okay for you to be more confident, Rin-rin. You work so hard, and you're really cool!
Rinko: Ahh... That's not it...!
Arisa: She's... quite the tough opponent...!
Arisa: Um, Rinko-senpai. I don't know if I'll be of any help, but how about I help explain...?
Rinko: Oh no, I can't cause you any trouble, Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: But you don’t want to stay misunderstood, right...? Maybe I can tell them about the difficulties you've had with the student council that they haven't seen...
Rinko: But with the current atmosphere... I feel like that might be taken the wrong way too...
Arisa: Th-that's a good point...! How should we even talk to them about this...?!
Saya: Ah, I knew you would still be here. Rinko-senpai, thank you for all your hard work!
Saya: A newspaper club member asked for a group photo of the neighborhood association and all the students. When do you think there will be time for that?
Rinko: Yamabuki-san... Thank you for your work as well. Let me see, according to the schedule...
Council Member 1: Excuse me, Shirokane-senpai! The sports field equipment is acting up. Could I ask you to take a look at it?
Rinko: V-very well...! Once I check the schedule, I'll be there right away...!
Association Member 1: Miss President, are the booth furnishings we had delivered yesterday at the front gate?
Council Member 2: Shirokane-senpai~, the sports field entertainment schedule is fairly pressed for time. What should we do?
Rinko: Okay...! Um... First, let's reorganize the schedule-
Association Member 2: Miss President, sorry to bother you at a busy time. This kid seems to have gotten separated from their parents, so could I ask you to put out a lost child announcement?
kid: Wah~, Mommy!
Rinko: U-understood...! First, I'll make the announcement and adjust the field equipment... And then-
Association Member 1: Um, when can I get you to handle the booth furnishings?
Rinko: Ah, yes...! Those are behind the gymnasium, so... let's go there together...!
Tomoe: Just as I'd expect from Rinko-san...! She's got a solid handle on things even in a situation like this...!
Tomoe: I guess this is what a quietly fired-up student council president can... Hm? What's wrong, Ako?
Ako: Hrm... I wonder if Rin-rin is okay...
Arisa: R-Rinko-senpai! I really don't think this amount of work is something you can handle all at once on your own...!
Rinko: It's okay...! Everyone has their own work to do... so I have to do what I can...
Rinko: Now then, first is the gymnasium and sports field... Ah, I also have to reorganize the schedule soon or it could affect everything else... And the lost child is crying...
Rinko: Um~...
Rinko: ...
Tomoe: Huh? Rinko-san... Is something wrong?
Ako: Ah, oh no! Rin-rin looks dizzy!
Arisa: O-on second thought, we'll help out too! ... But what should we start working on first?!
Saya: For now, I'll put the newspaper club's request on hold! I'll also talk to the broadcasting club about the lost child.
Arisa: Then I'll go take a look at the field equipment! Ah, there's also the booth furnishings. I'll tell them how to get there!
Council Member 2: I'll try coming up with something for the schedule with some of the other student council members!
Ako: Rin-rin, are you okay? Let's get you somewhere you can rest and calm down for a bit.
Rinko: Ngh... I'm sorry, everyone... I'm so very sorry...
Tomoe: Rinko-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
