event171-07 Ending: Super-Duper Cool

With the event done, how do Rinko and Tomoe see each other now...?

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[End of the Hanasakigawa Community Festival]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Rinko: Ichigaya-san, Yamabuki-san... Thank you both for working so hard until the end...
Arisa: There really was a lot going on today~... I worked the whole day, so my legs feel heavy.
Saya: But the Hanasakigawa Orchestra's performance at the end was amazing!
Arisa: Yeah, I was really moved! I wasn't sure how it'd turn out, but I'm glad we worked so hard.
Saya: Thanks to that, I got a lot of good pictures.
Rinko: I'm looking forward to seeing them...
Rinko: ... Huh? In front of the school gate, is that-
Tomoe: Rinko-san~! And Saya and Arisa too! You all did great work today!
Ako: All of you were super-duper cool!
Rinko: Thank you both... so very much for today... Please let me do something to thank you next time...
Tomoe: Nah, don't mention it. We didn't do anything special.
Rinko: No, I really did cause all of you trouble... Me being like this... makes me a failure as a student council president...
Saya: R-Rinko-senpai... You don't need to feel so down...
Arisa: That's right. The event was a success after all...!
Tomoe: ... Not only were you not a failure, you were a really cool student council president.
Rinko: What...? N-no... I... When trouble occurred, I wasn't able to act like a student council president at all...
Rinko: I was only able to get through this because all of you assisted me...
Rinko: I wasn't able to do anything on my own...
Tomoe: That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Tomoe: Doesn't the fact that students came rushing to help when they heard their student council president was in a pinch prove that people depend on you?
Rinko: ...
Rinko: B-but that was just because everyone who helped was so kind...
Arisa: No, that isn't it. Rinko-senpai, whenever someone is worrying about someone, you help them think things through, don't you?
Rinko: Y-yes... That's because I know how it feels... to not have things go well and be troubled by it...
Rinko: I was thinking that spending too much time on one single problem isn't very efficient though...
Arisa: But it's because you're like that that everyone helped out.
Arisa: Wouldn't you say it's because the student council president racks her brain so much for them that they want to be of help when something happens?
Rinko: Is that how it works...?
Tomoe: You might not exactly be a reliable student council president... but you certainly seem like a trusted one!
Tomoe: Rinko-san, you said that you're not the cool person that I thought you were...
Tomoe: But I really do think you're cool.
Tomoe: Whoever you're dealing with, whatever problem you're facing... even if it's your own weakness, you never take your eyes off what's in front of you.
Tomoe: You have the strength to continue facing it without running away... That is the coolness I saw from you with my own two eyes.
Rinko: Thank you very much... I think I've realized your true coolness as well, Tomoe-san...
Rinko: I had thought... that you were like Invinci-Red... someone with a spirit that wouldn't give in to anything...
Rinko: But that was wrong... You're embracing your weaknesses while working to become stronger so you can be someone like that...
Rinko: I think that attitude is... really cool...
Tomoe: No, that's just me pretending to be like that...
Rinko: But isn't that... you taking your first step towards getting closer to the person you want to be...?
Rinko: If you have that attitude... I'm sure it will give you the strength... to take another step forward any time you lose your confidence... and start to feel down...
Rinko: That's what I think is cool...
Tomoe: Is that so...?
Rinko: It is...!
Tomoe: Ahaha, this is kind of awkward, so let's stop! But... thank you very much.
Ako: Aw~! Since you're already talking about it, let's talk more about both of your cool points!
Tomoe: Nope, we're done. We've talked more than enough about that for today.
Rinko: Fufu... Right...
Ako: Aw~! I wanna talk about it more!
Ako: The both of you were super-duper cool today! You each have different types of coolness~.
Tomoe: Haha, I got it. Ako's always like this when she talks about you, Rinko-san.
Rinko: Fufu... She tells me about a lot of your cool stories as well...
Rinko: She says you're the ultimate hero... who will always help someone when they're in a pinch...
Tomoe: No kidding~, so that's what she said... Wait. Ako said that?
Ako: Yeah! I said you're cool like a hero because everyone relies on you!
Tomoe: ... I see. I think I get what's happened here now...
Tomoe: With me, I hear from her about how you're an invincible super wizard...
Rinko: What...?! Ako-chan, is that what you've been telling her..?!
Ako: ...? Yeah. I mean, that's because you're super strong and super cool!
Rinko & Tomoe: Ako-chan... Ako...
Saya & Arisa: Ahaha...
Ako: Huh? What is it? Did something happen?
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... I'm happy that you talk about me... but I'd appreciate it if you didn't exaggerate so much...
Ako: Huh~? I was just saying what I actually thought. I don't think I exaggerated all that much...
Tomoe: ... Sheesh, I dunno, Ako.
Rinko: Fufufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
