band5-027 Chapter 7: Why Are We Here?

Lisa and Sayo try to think of ways to bring back Roselia's lost sound...

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Walking Home]

Lisa: ...
Sayo: ... Uhh, Imai-san...?
Lisa: Huh? Oh... Sorry, that wasn't like me...
Lisa: I was just thinking... What have I been doing all this time? I figured since I was the weakest musician in the band, I would try to help out just a little bit, you know?
Lisa: So I did whatever I could to lighten the mood and help everyone have an easier time performing... But it turns out that nothing I did was actually helping Roselia, huh?
Lisa: Even though everything I did was to help Yukina make her dream come true...
Lisa: ...
Sayo: ... You are Roselia's bassist.
Lisa: Huh...?
Sayo: You may lack in skill, but I recognize you as a bassist. Your role is here with this band. To us, you make a difference.
Lisa: Sayo...! Sigh, jeez... you're so sweet... But what are we supposed to do now?
Sayo: I agree with Yukina... We need to restore the sound that came with a sense of urgency. However, we shouldn't have to go back to a time when we were more inexperienced to do so.
Lisa: Yeah. I think that's right... Yukina must feel the same way too. There's no way this is how she wants to bring back the old us.
Lisa: Even the stuff she was saying to Ako and Rinko... That can't be how she really feels... Maybe I should try talking to Yukina again. I'm also concerned about the other two...
Sayo: ... Imai-san. If you did that, it'd be no different than what you normally do. Remember, we have to change.
Lisa: Y-yeah, but still~... I can't just stop worrying about everyone. I mean, I've been peacekeeper all this time, right?
Sayo: There's no denying that you've reliably provided emotional support for this band, but that doesn't mean you need to bear all of the burden on your own.
Sayo: In fact, it's possible that this band might have become spoiled by that very support...
Lisa: Ngh... I just don't know how to stop meddling in everyone's business, do I? And it's only been for the worst...
Sayo: I think you must reconsider how to effectively be that emotional pillar for the band, but I wouldn't say it's all been for the worst.
Lisa: Sayo, you really have changed. I never would've imagined I'd be hearing this from you...
Sayo: And you were part of why that change occurred. That's why I don't want you talking about your involvement in everything like it was a mistake.
Sayo: Our current problem is not one for you to deal with on your own. If we don't all face this in our own way, we'll never be able to restore Roselia to the state we want it to be in.
Lisa: Yeah, okay...! Sayo, I really appreciate you saying all of this.
Sayo: Things are still just getting started, you know.
Lisa: Yeah, but let me say thank you anyway! I think I would've just continued falling apart if it weren't for you.
Lisa: (I have things I need to think about. How should I personally face this problem? What's my reason for being a part of the band?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shirokane & Udagawa Residence]

Ako & Rinko: "Sigh..."
Ako: "Ah..."
Rinko: "Jinx... I guess..."
Ako: "What I did today was terrible... The way I started yelling and just ran out of there like that..."
Ako: "What was I thinking...?"
Rinko: "You could... say the same for me..."
Ako: "Wait, you too, Rin-rin?"
Rinko: "After you stormed out... I ended up screaming at Yukina-san too... And then I left..."
Ako: "Wow, you did that...?"
Rinko: "Sigh... I should have known better than to act that way..."
Ako: "I think something is weird about Roselia though. Why would Yukina-san start saying such mean things all of a sudden...?"
Rinko: "When you said, 'This isn't Roselia', I started thinking to myself..."
Rinko: "What exactly is Roselia?"
Ako: "It's a super, super, super cool band!! That's why I felt so angry when people in the crowd at SMS started getting up and walking away!"
Ako: "How could anyone not wanna listen to that?"
Rinko: "... I wonder if Yukina-san and the others... are thinking about the same thing."
Ako: "You mean why no one wanted to listen to us play?"
Rinko: "No, not that... I wonder if they're thinking about... how we've all been dealing with what happened at SMS individually..."
Rinko: "The rehearsal we had after SMS... Not only did the mood feel completely different... but everyone's playing sounded different as well..."
Ako: "Maybe it's because our performance didn't go well...?"
Rinko: "That could be part of it, but... it sounds like we all have something different on our minds when we're playing..."
Rinko: "Sure... we all have this bigger goal of reaching Future World Fes, but..."
Rinko: "Does that necessarily mean... we're all trying to move in the same direction...?"
