band5-029 Chapter 9: Feeling the Rhythm

After running into Kasumi, Yukina is invited to watch Poppin'Party perform.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE Stage]

Yukina: ...
Yukina: (Why did I come here?)
Yukina: (It's possible that the answer I've been looking for lies within that "something" that I felt when I heard Toyama-san and the others play...)
Yukina: (Maybe, without realizing it, I came here looking for that answer.)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: That must have been hard to look at. Sorry you had to witness such a thing.
Kasumi: N-no, it's okay! Are you alright, Yukina-senpai?
Yukina: Yes... I've calmed down a bit.
Kasumi: ... Uhm! You should come to our show!
Arisa: Wh-what?!  Kasumi, how could you have possibly come to that conclusion?!
Kasumi: I wanna help her out, but there's no way I'd be able to give her good advice...
Kasumi: We... may not be as good as Roselia, but I'm sure if you come watch us, you'll feel a lot better!
Yukina: Toyama-san...
Arisa: S-sorry... I know she's asking for a lot... If you can't come, that's okay too...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Hello, everyone~!! We're Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: Time to get this thing started! Let's go~!
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (They're much better musicians than the last time I watched them. And their playing comes together fairly well.)
Kasumi: ...~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show]

Kasumi: Yukina-senpai~!!
Yukina: Toyama-san, nicely done.
Kasumi: How was our performance? Did you feel the sparkling and the heart-pounding?
Tae: Mhm, I did!
Arisa: Nobody asked you, O-Tae!
Tae: But if we don't feel that way, then there's no way for us to communicate that feeling to the people listening, so... it's important.
Yukina: Did you say 'we'?
Yukina: Tell me, what kind of feelings exactly do you all bring with you onto the stage?
Arisa: L-look! You guys made Yukina-senpai mad with all your messing around!
Yukina: I'm not mad. Just curious.
Tae: "I love Poppin'Party!" That's what I feel when I play.
Kasumi: Mhm! Same! And how I love the other members. That helps me be all sparkling and heart-pounding... Then I try to put that feeling into the song. I hope the people in the crowd can hear it...
Kasumi: I want everyone in the audience to feel the sparkling and heart-pounding Poppin'Party has to give!
Tae: Arisa, you agree, right? You love Poppin'Party!
Arisa: I-I guess...
Kasumi: Ehehe, so everyone's on the same page♪
Yukina: Ah...!
Kasumi: Yukina-senpai?
Yukina: Oh, don't mind me. You showed me something very important today. Thank you, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Y-you're welcome! By the way, we'd love to go to another one of Roselia's concerts!
Yukina: Yeah... That'd be nice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Yukina: (I've never thought about it... About how the others feel when they're performing.)
Yukina: (I've never bothered to think whether or not we were feeling the same thing when we played.)
Yukina: (To bring back our sound... we may need to restore the pride that comes with being Roselia.)
Yukina: (But... how...?)
Yukina: So close, yet... so far...
