band5-026 Chapter 6: The Echoes of Discord

Yukina grows more and more demanding. Can Ako take it for much longer?!

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[Studio]

Yukina: ... Ako! The tempo is all over the place.
Ako: ... I'm sorry...
Yukina: I know I told everyone to fix their problem spots last time. Don't make me repeat myself.
Lisa: H-hey, c'mon now! Maybe she just didn't have enough time to figure it out before today's rehearsal. If it's that bad, all she has to do is practice, right?
Lisa: Nothing good will come from rushing it, so no reason to be so hard on her...
Yukina: ... Let's start from the same part then.
Ako: ... I don't think I'll get it, no matter how many times we try.
Sayo: Udagawa-san?
Ako: I'm gonna get it wrong, no matter how many times we do it!! I don't even know how I'm supposed to get better anymore...!
Yukina: You're not a baby, don't give me that. If you can't do it, you repeat it until you can.
Ako: And why should I try to improve in the first place?!
Yukina: Well-...
Ako: We messed up at SMS, but we didn't even talk about what went wrong! We all just keep practicing without a clue as to what we're doing...
Ako: We don't even know whether we're getting closer or farther from performing at Future World Fes!
Yukina: Right now, farther. At least you are.
Ako: ...! And why's that?! Because I'm not good enough?
Yukina: That's right. And with the way you're crying about something so insignificant, I can see exactly where you're headed.
Yukina: If you're gonna act like a spoiled brat, then you don't belong in this band.
Ako: ...!!
Ako: ... This... This isn't Roselia!!
Lisa: A-Ako!!
Rinko: ... Yukina-san...
Yukina: We'll continue practicing with just the four of us.
Rinko: Why... would you say that... to Ako-chan...?
Yukina: Rinko...?
(White cut)
Rinko: It doesn't matter... how much we practice... Our music... won't come together...!
Rinko: No one... will take a second glance... if we're performing like this...!
Rinko: Why would they...? No one's even listening in the first place!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Rinko!!
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina, what happened to you? You've been acting weird since our practice the other day.
Yukina: I simply want to bring Roselia back.
Lisa: Bring it back...? What are you talking about?
Yukina: I want to revive our sound. That's all.
Sayo: Minato-san, what you're saying is way too vague. What do you mean by 'bring it back'?
Yukina: No more friendliness. Roselia doesn't need it. Same goes for the cookies.
Lisa: Wait a sec'! That's something the old you would say... Why are you being like that?
Yukina: ... I won't be able to bring back our old sound otherwise.
Yukina: Don't you think we've all gotten a little too close?
Lisa: ...!
Sayo: Minato-san...! She's gone...
Lisa: ...
Sayo: Imai-san, are you okay?
Lisa: Ah... S-sorry... I was just... shocked.
Sayo: I think... I get where Minato-san is coming from.
Lisa: You get where she's coming from? What do you mean...?
Sayo: We've all had a lot of experiences thus far, as a band and as individuals. As a result, I can say I've grown as a person, and I believe the mood surrounding our band has improved for the better.
Sayo: However... I feel like that, in and of itself, created a significant problem for Roselia.
Sayo: That sense of urgency and pressure we were unconsciously surrounded by disappeared. I think at some point, the positive atmosphere found its way into our music.
Sayo: And because of that, it's possible that the current Roselia lacks the intensity that once accompanied its sound.
Lisa: Does that mean we have to return to the way we were if we want that intensity back...?
Sayo: ... I don't believe reverting to our old selves is the right answer. Still...
Sayo: I'm not sure what is... I don't know what we need to do to get our sound back.
Lisa: Sigh...
Lisa: (Could it be... that what I've been doing all this time has actually been bad for the band...?)
Lisa: ...
