band5-021 Chapter 1: An Unexpected Chance

An unexpected encounter brings talk of a new opportunity for Roselia...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Sayo: I believe our playing today came together reasonably well. What are your thoughts, Minato-san?
Yukina: Agreed. This was a fairly good rehearsal. Perfect time to end as well. Let's call it a day.
Rinko: Great work... everyone.
Sayo: You too. Now, let's tidy this place up.
Ako: Okay~!
Lisa: Good job today, you guys~! Hey, how about since we ended a little early, we stop by the café outside?
Ako: Yeah! I wanna go!
Yukina: ... That's fine, I suppose. Sayo, Rinko, would you like to go?
Sayo: Only for a brief moment...
Rinko: I... can go.
Lisa: Yay! Then let's get to cleaning already!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Café]

Ako: Today's practice was a blast~! Right, Rin-rin?!
Rinko: Mhm... We should see some improvement after that rehearsal...
Lisa: Which reminds me. Hey, Sayo. You know how we were talking about making cookies...?
(White cut)
Ako: What?! Sayo-san, Lisa-nee! You're making cookies together?!
Sayo: I-Imai-san...! I thought I asked you to keep quiet about this!
Lisa: Oh, did you...? Sorry, my bad. Well, should be fine now since your secret is out, shouldn't it?
Yukina: Whenever we have your cookies, I feel like we're all able to perform better. I'll be looking forward to whatever you two make.
Lisa: You can count on me!
(White cut)
(Background change)
？？？: Excuse me, are you girls from Roselia?
Yukina: That is correct. Can we help you...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Rinko: ... That was... a pretty big deal...
Lisa: Sweet Music Shower... That's what it was called, right? I did a little bit of searching on the internet. Seems like this event is crazy huge...
Yukina: Many bands that have played at Future World Fes have also performed there.
Rinko: To think... someone would come talk to us... about something that amazing...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

？？？: Excuse me, are you girls from Roselia?
Yukina: That is correct. Can we help you...?
Staff: I work for the company that manages the music event known as Sweet Music Shower.
Staff: I came here today hoping that you'd all be interested in performing at the next one.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ako: I always knew Roselia was super-duper cool! That's the only reason they would go out of their way to talk to us, right?
Sayo: The junior division... We'd only be opening for the pros to follow, but the event rivals Future World Fes itself. We have to get focused and prepare ourselves.
Yukina: Certainly. Let's make this a performance that'll bring us closer to Future World Fes.
Sayo: Sorry, Imai-san, but let's wait until after Sweet Music Shower, SMS, to make those cookies.
Lisa: Welp, can't really do much about that. No problem! We can take our time once we're done with the concert♪
Yukina: I appreciate you putting that off. I believe we'll need to increase our rehearsal time in preparation for this.
Rinko: That's right... It's time to work hard... We're going to want to put on a good show...
Ako: Yeah~!
