band5-034 Chapter 14: The Clock's Hands Begin to Turn

Their pride as a band restored, the members of Roselia meet to express their true feelings.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[One Week Later]

[Studio]

Lisa: Wait... You made this song that fast?!
Yukina: Yes... I wanted to take that feeling of hoping that we can continue to be Roselia and turn it into a song.
Ako: Whoa...! It's so cool! I wanna play it now!
Sayo: It is quite impressive. For once, Udagawa-san and I are on the same page. I'd like to perform a run-through as soon as possible as well.
Ako: What~?! Did you have to say 'for once'...?
Lisa: Ahhaha! Sayo's just embarrassed, that's all. Let's get to practicing so we can have it ready for our next show.
Rinko: Okay...! We may not have much time, but... this song... can represent the new us...
Yukina: Starting today, we need to be more focused as we set our sights on our next performance.
Ako: Okay~!
Lisa: ... Uhm, actually, I have something I want everyone to eat.
(White cut)
Ako: Wow...! Cookies!
Yukina: Did... you make these, Lisa?
Lisa: Not exactly. Sayo and I made them together!
Sayo: ...
Rinko: Oh... Hikawa-san too...?
Lisa: Boy, I was so nervous about when I should bring them out. Now just felt like the best time, so...
Sayo: We can expect the cookies to have a positive effect on our ability to perform, so we figured having them before we practice would be ideal.
Yukina: Thank you... Mmm, they're good.
Ako: Yeah! Really, really good! I'm glad we can have cookies again! Thank you, Lisa-nee, Sayo-san!
Lisa: There you have it. You did it, Sayo!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Now, let us start rehearsal before the effect wears off.
Rinko: Okay...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Ako: Yukina-san, how did I do today?
Yukina: Not bad, I'd say. About those problem spots though...
Lisa: ... Doesn't it feel like it's been forever since we've had a moment like this?
Sayo: It does.
Rinko: I feel... so relieved... now that everything is... back to normal for us...
Sayo: I agree. As soon as Minato-san returned, we started rehearsal again right away. That was thanks to Imai-san making arrangements for our next concert.
Lisa: Well~, you know, I was just reminded that I'm suited to take care of that kind of job.
Sayo: You may be fulfilling the same role, but the basis underlying those actions should be completely different than before.
Lisa: Yeah, I think it is! Maybe I've done some growing myself this time. Still, you thought you were so sneaky, Sayo.
Sayo: What do you mean?
Lisa: You're the one who brought Yukina back in the end, right? You thought I wouldn't realize that~?
Sayo: That wasn't important... The point was that I didn't coddle her and make it easy by giving her the answer.
Lisa: Ugh~, so rude~! But... thank you. You're right. If I had been the one to do it, it would have been pointless.
Rinko: It was so powerful... so amazing... when you said you knew Yukina-san would return...
Sayo: I owed Minato-san. I simply wanted to return a favor.
Lisa: Haha, there you go being all embarrassed again! I have to say though, a big part of why we were able to move forward was you, Sayo!
Rinko: Move... forward...
Sayo: It wasn't just me. It was thanks to everyon-
Rinko: That's it...!
Lisa: R-Rinko...?
Rinko: Uhm...! C-could I possibly... ask you all... to return the new outfits I made tomorrow...?
Sayo: Is there something wrong with them?
Rinko: No! There's... one more thing... I wanted to add... to help the outfits stand out...
Rinko: I thought of it... just now... Ah! The store might be closing soon...!
Rinko: I-I have to go to the accessory shop... Sorry, I-I'll be leaving now...!
Lisa: Huh?! R-Rinko?!
Sayo: ... I suppose we'll have to tell Minato-san and Udagawa-san what she said about the outfits ourselves.
Lisa: Yep, let's do that. Can't wait to see what sort of idea she came up with this time.
