band5-025 Chapter 5: The Gears Begin to Fall Off

In order to restore the sense of urgency Roselia had in the past, Yukina has some harsh words for her bandmates...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Week]

[Studio]

Yukina: ... Stop! The tempo is completely off... Ako, I thought I told everyone at our last practice to fix their problem spots by today.
Ako: ... I'm sorry.
Yukina: You remember our last performance, don't you? It's obvious we still have something we're lacking.
Yukina: When something is inadequate, you make it adequate. That's all there is to it. This goes especially for you, Ako. If you don't refine your skills, you will fall behind.
Ako: ... U-understood! Sorry...!
Yukina: If you continue to show insufficient progress, you will be dropped from this band. Keep that in mind when you're playing.
Ako: Okay...
Lisa: Hold up, Yukina... What's gotten into you? Why would you say something like that...?
Yukina: Nothing's gotten into me. If you can't live up to this band's standards, you will be removed. This is something I've been saying since the very beginning.
Yukina: If that's not the sense of urgency we're approaching rehearsal with, it doesn't matter how long we practice, we'll never reach Future World Fes.
Sayo: You might be right that our playing just now lacked in that department. We cannot perform without the right level of pressure. Let's try it again, Udagawa-san.
Ako: Ohhh~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shirokane & Udagawa Residence]

Ako: "Rin-rin! I'm having trouble with the event boss! It's too strong! Can you help me with leveling up and farming materials?"
Rinko: "Mhm, of course...! Okay, so we'll find a quest for grinding..."
Ako: "Thanks!"
Rinko: "So what exactly are you trying to do...?"
Ako: "Okay, so... If I can raise my level, even a little, that'd be great. I also wanna get the materials I need for this armor!"
Rinko: "Got it. Alright... Let's do it..."
(Black cut)
Ako: "Ah, Rin-rin! The material dropped!"
Rinko: "Congratulations, Ako-chan...! That's great..."
Ako: "Now I can power up my armor~! I wonder if I'll be able to take down the boss with this."
Rinko: "Should we try fighting it next...?"
Ako: "Yep, sounds like a plan! Will you help me grind more levels again if we're not strong enough?"
Rinko: "Yeah, no problem. We'll give it our best shot... Will after tomorrow's rehearsal be okay...?"
Ako: "Sigh... Rehearsal~..."
Rinko: "What's wrong...?"
Ako: "There was something off about today's rehearsal, wasn't there? I was so nervous, I couldn't play well at all... It's like, it just wasn't fun."
Ako: "And Yukina-san was all mad at me because the tempo wasn't right."
Rinko: "Oh... Yeah, pressure can be important, but... I don't think the pressure we felt today was very positive..."
Ako: "Hey, Rin-rin. I was wondering something. What do you think makes video games and band rehearsal so different?"
Rinko: "What do you mean?"
Ako: "Think about it. If you're playing a game and you fight a boss that's too hard, you slowly raise your level, and you go back to fight it again. If it's still too hard, you repeat the same steps, right?"
Ako: "Band rehearsal is the same. You practice, you perform, and if your performance was bad, you practice even more... You repeat the same steps. Why is it that sometimes it's not very fun?"
Ako: "Is it because video games are just games? Hmm~, I think there's more to it than that..."
Rinko: "Maybe because... our goal isn't clear to us...?"
Ako: "That could be it... Yeah, we know we're trying to reach Future World Fes, but we don't know how close we are to achieving that goal at the moment."
Rinko: "Yeah... That's been our aim all this time, but... our performance at SMS, an event that's similar to Future World Fes, wasn't very good..."
Ako: "Sayo-san was saying we just need to start by practicing, but... will that really be enough?"
Rinko: "I understand what Hikawa-san is trying to say, but... it can be pretty tough if we're only practicing over and over..."
Ako: "Sigh... I wonder if our next rehearsal will be the same... This is the first time I've ever felt like I didn't wanna go..."
