band5-028 Chapter 8: Receding Dreams

A confused Yukina continues to practice her singing. When Sayo tries to talk to her, she suddenly speaks her mind...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Studio]

Lisa: Sayo~, did you figure it out yet? You know, how to bring Roselia back?!
Sayo: I wouldn't be stressing out if it were that easy.
Lisa: I know, I know~...
Sayo: What about you, Imai-san? Were you able to get in touch with Udagawa-san and Shirokane-san?
Lisa: Hmm... Well, they answer when the messages are just small talk, but... when I talk about rehearsal, things start to get a little messy...
Sayo: Sounds like we have a tough road ahead of us.
Lisa: Sigh... You know something, though? You might get mad at me for this, but I'm actually kinda happy.
Sayo: How can you say that at a time like this...?
Lisa: You know how when we were first starting the band, and there was a moment like this where it was kinda falling apart?
Lisa: I did everything in my power to face Yukina head-on. I had no idea what I was doing, and I did all the thinking I could.
Lisa: But there was no one to hear my cries, no one I could run to.
Sayo: I-I had things I was dealing with as well... It just wasn't a good time for me...
Lisa: No, no, that's not what I'm saying... I think what really happened was that I tried to shoulder the burden all on my own.
Lisa: So it really cheers me up to think that there's someone I can talk to about Yukina and Roselia like this.
Lisa: And I think it was only possible because we've opened up to each other. Ehehe...
Sayo: Imai-san...
Sayo: ... H-how about we continue this discussion after we've solved the problem before us? We have to put all of our efforts into confronting that at the moment.
Lisa: Yeah, you're right. Sorry! ... Sayo...
Sayo: What?
Lisa: Let's fight this thing with everything we've got, okay?
Sayo: That was always my intention.
Yukina: Good morning, Sayo, Lisa.
Lisa: Y-Yukina...! Morning!
Yukina: Let's start practice.
Lisa: ... Say, uhm, Yukina...
Sayo: Minato-san, may I ask you one thing first?
Yukina: What is it?
Sayo: We need to revive Roselia's sound. We understand this. However... does that really require us to return to a time when we were all much more immature and inexperienced?
Sayo: We've grown, and I see no reason why we should undo th-
Yukina: ... Don't know...
Lisa: What was that...?
Yukina: I don't know!
Yukina: I don't know what else we could possibly do! And I can't figure out any other way... That's why...!
Yukina: That's why... things have to be this way...!
Lisa: ...!
Sayo: Yeah, I don't know either! But I don't want everything we've been through to have been for nothing! This isn't the answer!
Sayo: On a more personal level... I've done a lot of growing, and it's because I joined this band in the first place.
Sayo: I made a promise to my sister. I told her I would do what I had to so that we could walk together side-by-side... That I would keep moving forward...
Sayo: Minato-san... You should feel the same. You got to sing a song that your father holds dear. Are you saying you want to act like none of that ever happened?
Yukina: ... I...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Ah, Yukina...!!
Sayo: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Yukina: ...
(White cut)
Yukina: ...!
Yukina: Ngh... Sniff...
Yukina: (I don't understand any of it... What I'm doing... Why I can't figure any other way to deal with this problem...!)
Yukina: (It's all moving farther and farther out of reach... If this keeps up, I might lose everything...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Yukina... senpai?
Yukina: ... Toyama-san?
