band5-031 Chapter 11: To Restore Roselia

Ako and Rinko start making new costumes for Roselia. Meanwhile, Sayo and Lisa practice in the studio...

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shirokane Residence - Rinko's Room]

Ako: Ah! Wouldn't it be better if we put this part like this, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Mhm... That could work... You have a good eye, Ako-chan.
Ako: I knew it! And what about the color? Black?
Rinko: Sure... We'll have black be our foundation... And then I want to add some other colors to it...
Ako: That would make it look much different than our old outfits, right?
Rinko: Maybe... You... don't want that...?
Ako: No, I didn't say that! I'm actually really excited for these! Let's make the best outfits we can, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Mhm... Yeah.
Ako: ... Huh? Wait, mine has less cloth than everyone else's. Is that right?
Rinko: Y-yes... It's important that you're able to move freely... So yours requires less material... Length-wise and for the sleeves...
Ako: Hm? Why do those things have to be shorter?
Rinko: Think about when you try to do a crossover... and you want to hit the hi-hat and the snare at the same time... Whenever you're wearing long sleeves... the fabric just gets in the way...
Ako: What?! You were watching for that?!
Rinko: M-mhm... Only... sometimes.
Ako: Rin-rin... Thank you!!
Rinko: It's no big deal... We'll be making them... so that it's easy for everyone to perform... Same as last time.
Ako: ...
Rinko: Ako-chan... Is something wrong?
Ako: Nuh-uh... I was just thinking of all the ways that you're amazing...
Rinko: Like... what?
Ako: Like right now, the way you're thinking of outfits that are perfect for everyone, and how awesome you are at the piano...  If only I could do something to help Roselia too...
Rinko: I think... what you're doing right now... will help us all out, you know.
Ako: Rin-rin...! Whatever you need, I'm there! Just let me know how I can help!
Rinko: ... Okay, thanks.
Ako: Ah, but I'm no good with a sewing machine, just so you know. The last time I used one at school, the teacher got mad at me and said the thing I made looked all twisty and turn-y like the Nile River!
Rinko: O-oh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Lisa: Hey, Sayo~... Are you sure we should just be here practicing like this?
Sayo: If the others aren't going to come to rehearsal, then it's up to us to preserve Roselia's sound, right?
Sayo: I think the next time we play, these songs won't have a chance of coming together if no one is practicing them...
Sayo: Even if we've lost the intensity that used to accompany our sound... This is still my personal sound... I have no choice but to play it.
Lisa: You really have changed, Sayo. Looks like that promise you and Hina made was a pretty big deal.
Sayo: I suppose you could say that... That's why I can't allow myself to stop here.
Lisa: You can't stop...?
Lisa: Sayo...! I think I figured it out!
Sayo: Figured what out?
Lisa: How to bring Roselia back!!
(Black cut)
Sayo: I see... In other words, we were all working together as Roselia, but we all had our own personal goals in mind.
Lisa: I think so. As a band, we were supposed to be trying to reach Future World Fes, but...
Lisa: Were we all actually striving for that? I feel like we were only trying to fulfill our own goals while also being a part of Roselia.
Lisa: We were all members, but maybe no one was actually looking out for Roselia as a whole...
Sayo: ...
Lisa: Sayo? Sorry, I'm not very good at explaining this sort of thing...
Sayo: No, I think you got it right. I continue playing the guitar so that I can find my own sound... So that I can keep my promise to my sister...
Sayo: And that makes me wonder... Was I actually keeping the band itself in mind while doing so...?
Lisa: The same goes for me. I said I was trying to help Roselia, but really, Yukina was the main one I was keeping an eye out for...
Lisa: Even though we're all part of the same Roselia, I think we all had our eye on something different... Our goals weren't the same.
Lisa: Remember when Rinko stormed out during rehearsal? Maybe that's what she meant when she said no one was listening.
Sayo: It's possible that Shirokane-san was the person paying the most attention to Roselia as a group.
Lisa: Ako did the same. She's always talked about how Roselia is "super cool." So the music we create when we all play together... I think she could be the one who treasures it the most.
Sayo: Seems like we'll need those two to help us out if we want to bring Roselia back.
