band5-022 Chapter 2: A Warm Atmosphere

The members of Roselia eagerly prepare their set list for their upcoming show.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[Studio]

Yukina: Everyone, I've done some thinking about our set list for SMS. Take a look.
Yukina: We'll only be playing three songs. I decided we wouldn't need to alternate our pace throughout the performance. We'll keep the intensity up from start to finish. What are your thoughts?
Ako: Great! I think it's a good set list! I want them to see the coolest Roselia we can show them!
Sayo: Likewise, I see no problem with it.
Lisa: Mhm! I think it's very good as well! It's like they're getting as much of us as possible in the span of those three songs!
Rinko: All of these songs are... very demanding... Will you be okay... Ako-chan?
Ako: I'll be okay...! I think. I'll do everything I can to give them my best drumming the whole way through!
Sayo: Let's carefully look over each of the three songs today. There should still be spots that can use some improvement.
Yukina: I agree. Alright, shall we get started?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Rehearsal]

[Walking Home]

Ako: Hey, Rin-rin, could you join me on a few quests after we get home?
Rinko: Mhm... Yeah, those limited-time quests... end today, don't they...?
Ako: Yeah~. And I still have about three left to go...
Sayo: You two still have the energy to play video games after all that practice?
Ako: Yep! There's always room for games, even after rehearsal! ... Oh, are you trying to tell me I should be using that energy when I practice...?
Sayo: I wouldn't say that. I simply think it's strange that you have so much of it.
Rinko: Uhm... Hikawa-san, if you have time... would you like to join us...?
Sayo: No, sorry, I'll have to pass. I need to eliminate my problem spots in preparation for SMS.
Rinko: I see... J-just... don't overdo it, okay...?
Sayo: Of course. Maintaining a healthy state is most important, after all. I appreciate the concern.
Lisa: Phew~, it's been a while since we've had a rehearsal that tough.
Yukina: We can't have you complaining already. We need you to perfect your playing... No, we need you to perfect even better playing by the day of the show.
Lisa: Yeah, you're right! Sorry! ... But you know, I'm actually happy.
Yukina: You're happy? About having a tough rehearsal?
Lisa: Not that! About being able to take part in a huge event like SMS. It makes me think that we must be doing pretty well.
Lisa: You remember how the judges at that Future World Fes contest told us we have a lot of potential? That we'll go far?
Lisa: This whole thing makes me feel like they were actually right about us.
Ako: Oh yeah. Sayo-san, you're still logging into your game every now and then, right?
Sayo: What?! How did you know that...?
Rinko: You can see... how long your friends were playing... during their last login...
Sayo: I-is that right...? I had no idea...
Lisa: Not only is our skill as a band pretty high, but we have a nice mood going too. I bet if we keep this up-
Yukina: There's no knowing what the future holds.
Lisa: A-ahaha... My bad. I was just so happy, it got the best of me.
Yukina: I, too, am pleased to have someone come directly to us and ask us to participate in SMS. The other members and I can also sense the overall better mood that surrounds the band.
Yukina: But that is exactly why we cannot let our guard down.
Lisa: Yeah. Alright, let's give it everything we've got!
Lisa: (Yukina... May your dream come true...!)
