event257-01 Opening: A Painful Sting

Aya and Maya find a promotional poster for TIS. Someone approaches them and says something...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[On the Train]

Aya: Wow, that magazine shoot finished faster than I thought! The staff were all super chill and friendly, huh?
Maya: Yeah, they even listened to our ideas and stuff. It really felt like we were all working together as a team.
Aya: Totally! They were so supportive of TIS, too. Now I’m even more pumped for the third round!
Aya: Oh, hey, look, Maya-chan! Over there, by the hand straps— it’s a promo poster for TIS!
Maya: Whoa, you’re right! And check it out—we’re even on there! Super tiny, but still!
Aya: Aww, this is kinda touching... I think I’m gonna snap a pic to remember it.
Aya: Oh no, what do I do?! I didn’t bring my sunglasses today! What if someone recognizes me as one of the TIS idols!?
Maya: Haha... I seriously doubt anyone’s gonna recognize us just from that poster...
???: Um... excuse me, but aren’t you Aya-san and Maya-san from Pastel＊Palettes?
Maya: Huh? Oh, uh... yeah, that’s us.
Aya: Whoa, Maya-chan! They actually noticed us!
Writer: I knew it! I’m a writer for an entertainment news site. I’ve been following Pastel＊Palettes’s unstoppable success in TIS... Since we’re here, can I interview you?
Maya: W-Wait, hold on! That’s so sudden...
Writer: You know, don’t you think Pastel＊Palettes’s producer is way too strict? I watched the documentary, and it was seriously nerve-wracking.
Writer: I mean, just because they used to be an idol doesn’t mean they should push so hard. Just between us, don’t some of the members feel a bit fed up with it?
Maya: That’s not true—!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nao: ... Let's swap vocalists.
Aya: What...?
Nao: Hikawa, you double up as the guitarist and vocalist. Maruyama, you learn some other instrument. Yeah, that should do it.
Eve: What are you... saying...?
Maya: Hold on, please! There's no way I can accept having Aya-san removed as our vocalist.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Maya: ......
Aya: That’s not true!
Aya: Sure, we’ve had some disagreements, but... Nao-san cares about Pastel＊Palettes and says those things because she’s thinking of us.
Aya: So please don’t talk about her like that.
Maya: Aya-san...
Maya: I’m sorry, but if you want to conduct an interview, could you go through our agency? We’re in public, and it’s bothering the other passengers.
Writer: ......Fine. I’ll back off for today. Oh, right—did you know that the third-round challenge for TIS was just announced?
Writer: I’ll be looking forward to Pastel＊Palettes’s performance. Fufu.
Maya: ...Wow, what a person. Aya-san, are you okay?
Aya: I’m fine. That person seemed awfully curious about Nao-san, though.
Maya: ...I don’t know why, but we should report this to the staff as soon as we get to the office. They might go bother the others, too.
Aya: Yeah, you’re right... Oh, wait! About that third-round challenge they mentioned...! Uh, let me check the official site...
Maya & Aya: ...What!?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A few hours later]

[Idol Agency]

Maya & Aya: Great work, everyone!
Maya: Um... about the third-round challenge...
Chisato: Judging by your faces, I’m guessing you both know what the challenge is.
Hina: Ugh, I can’t believe it’s ‘dance performance’ at this point! This is a serious problem, isn’t it?
Eve: Aya-san’s the only one in Pastel＊Palettes who can actually dance. W-What should we do...?
Maya: And the other groups have been climbing up by relying on their dance skills. We’re at a huge disadvantage here.
Chisato: Yeah, this is a make-or-break moment for us... It’s going to be an incredibly tough fight.
Aya: I-It’ll be fine! We’ll figure something out! Right, Nao-san?
Nao: ............
Aya: Nao-san...?
Nao: ...Yeah... this is rough. Nothing’s coming to me.
Aya: What?!?
Nao: Haha... I wish I had an answer right away, but I don’t.
: ......
Nao: ...I’m sorry! Can you give me a little time? I’ll stay up all night and come up with something by tomorrow.
Eve: Wait, all-nighter? That’s not good for your health...
Maya: Yeah, Nao-san, the staging team staff said you’ve barely gotten any rest with all the TIS-related interviews and work.
Nao: It’s fine, I can handle this much—no problem!
Aya: But still...
Nao: I appreciate how much you all care, but it’s my job to make everyone’s dreams come true.
Nao: Besides, I know how much you all want to keep advancing in TIS.
Nao: So I’ll do whatever it takes to pave the way for everyone’s dreams.
Aya: Nao-san...?
Aya: U-Um...! Then let us help out too!
Nao: Huh? But this isn’t something everyone needs to worry about...
Aya: I get that this might be the producer’s responsibility, but I don’t think you need to carry it all on your own, Nao-san!
Aya: Because—we’re a team, right? We’re all in this together!
Nao: !
Aya: If we all think about it together, we’re bound to come up with even better ideas!
Nao: ‘We’re all a team...’
Hina: Aya-chan, that’s a great idea! I’m totally on board too!
Eve: They say, ‘Two heads are better than one!’ Let’s all think this through together!
Maya: Nao-san, during the staging team meetings, you always say, ‘The performers’ opinions matter,’ right?
Maya: So if we all share our ideas, I’m sure we’ll come up with something great!
Chisato: Plus, if it helps even a little to improve our chances of winning, we should do everything we can.
Aya: Yeah...! Please, let us all tackle this challenge together!
Nao: ...Thank you.
Nao: Let’s face this once-in-a-lifetime challenge and overcome it together!
Aya: Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
