event226-03 Chapter 2: Tokisoba

At their next destination, a story is being told in a clear voice...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Rakugo Society]

Patron A (Society Member A): "Mind if I pay with small change? Okay, stick out your hand, and I'll count it out. Here I go. Ready? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... Say, what time is it?"
Stall Owner (Society Member A): "It's nine."
Patron A (Society Member A): "Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen..."
Rakugo Society Member A: That was "Tokisoba," or "Time and Soba." Thank you for listening.
Maya: Ooh~, how impressive! It felt like I could see the scenery of the Edo period before my very eyes.
Maya: The story's crux is that the patron pays their bill one coin at a time, counts to eight, and fudges the count by asking the soba stall owner the time and making them say nine.
Kaoru: Quite right. Another patron who witnessed that exchange later imitates it and asks the owner the time but is told four, leading to the punchline of them paying more...
Kaoru: Ahh, what a delightfully amusing tale. However... I had no idea that you were interested in rakugo.
Maya: I've been curious about it for some time now. I think performing several roles all on your own is amazing.
Maya: Plus, it's interesting how you can picture the story's scenery with just the performer's words despite the lack of stage equipment, lighting, or background music.
Kaoru: Fufu. That is a very backstage aspect to focus on.
Rakugo Society Member B: Hey there. If you two are up for it, why not take a turn on the dais?
Maya: Huh? By that, do you mean... perform rakugo?! Um, I'm pretty sure your club poster said it was okay for members to just go to see performances...
Rakugo Society Member B: Well, yeah, but c'mon~. You'll never know something until you try it. You came for this experience, so why not give it a shot? You can read from the script as you go. Okay?
Maya: What? Y-you say that, but...
Kaoru: Maya, acting it out could give you insight into rakugo and allow you to understand its wonder. That may serve as a hint for choosing a club.
Maya: Y-you make a good point... Okay! Since you've offered, I'll give it a try.
Rakugo Society Member A: Great! Okay, here's the script. It's the Tokisoba routine I just did. It's made simple for beginners, so you'll be fine just reading it! Now, head up on the dais and-
Maya: P-please wait. I'd like a moment to thoroughly read it...!
(Black cut)
Maya: ... Sorry to keep you waiting. I-I think I'm ready to go.
Rakugo Society Member B: Okay! Go ahead and take a seat on the cushion~.
Maya: A-alright. I hope you'll enjoy it... Ahem.
Patron A (Maya) (Maya): "Hey~, soba seller. Hold on, hold on. What kind of soba can you make? Hanamaki and shippoku, huh? Then I'll take a bowl of shippoku. Ngh, it sure is cold."
Stall Owner (Maya) (Maya): "It really is quite chilly."
Patron A (Maya) (Maya): "I've gone and caught myself a cold. But if I eat something nice and hot, I'll get better. So gimme a piping hot bowl..."
(Black cut)
Patron B (Maya) (Maya): "Okay, I'll count out my money. Here I go. Ready? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... Say, what time is it?
Stall Owner (Maya) (Maya): "Hmm, it's four."
Patron B (Maya) (Maya): "Four?! Five, six, seven, eight..."
Maya: ... Thank you very much!
Kaoru: Ahh, that was wonderful, Maya...! What a fleeting performance of the soba stall owner...
Maya: Right! As I was acting it out, it kind of felt like I understood how the soba stall owner felt!
Maya: It's strange. I felt so nervous, but as I was talking, I started having fun. It felt like I got a small look into how you always feel, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu. I am overjoyed that you also understand the profundity of an actor.
Rakugo Society Member A: Mhm. It didn't seem like that was your first time on the dais. Your courage was incredible!
Maya: Ahaha... It must be the result of my daily routine.
Rakugo Society Member B: Okay, next is your turn. Here's the script.
Kaoru: Thank you. But I have no need for a script.
Rakugo Society Member B: Huh? But if you don't have a script, you won't know the lines...
Kaoru: Then I shall begin. I pray that you enjoy it.
Patron A (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "O soba stall owner, soba stall owner. Wherefore art thou a soba stall owner?"
Patron A (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Nay. Should you give up your title, ever that you will be...! Ahh... Forgive me. I was moved by your fleeting figure. Oh, hanamaki and shippoku. Pray give me a shippoku..."
Patron A (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Yet... Ahh, why must this eve grow so cold...? I feel as though this shivering wind shall overwhelm me!"
Stall Owner (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Verily... It has grown quite chill."
Patron A (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Ahh! Ahh! I have come down with a wretched cold! Yet your ardent kindness will surely dispel it! Soba stall owner. Pray give unto me a piping hot bowl..."
Rakugo Society Member A: Wh-what amazing intensity...! It's rather distinct and has a completely different feeling to it. But what is this? I can't take my eyes off it...!
Maya: Ahaha... Kaoru-san, your Shakespearian roots are showing.
Maya: But... you can entrance the people watching, so that's just like you!
(Black cut)
Patron B (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Now, be you prepared for the fated time of my payment? Let us begin! One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight... Good sir! What is the indicated time of destiny...?"
Stall Owner (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "It is four."
Patron B (Kaoru) (Kaoru): "Four?! ... I see. Then there I shall begin. So lend me your ears! And take heed of my payment! Five, six, seven, eight..."
Kaoru: Thank you for listening.
Rakugo Society Member A: ... That was awesome!! It wasn't the original Tokisoba at all, but it was wonderful!!!
Maya: Good work on your performance. Your arrangement was fairly intense, but I was fascinated and watched it intently. Your acting really is amazing!
Kaoru: I am glad to have you say that. I found it to be quite fascinating. I would very much like to attempt performing it again.
Rakugo Society Member B: Mhm! The two of you were magnificent! Yamato-san spoke haltingly, but your gentle personality came across through your solid recitation...!!
Rakugo Society Member B: And Seta-san's recitation was showy, mesmerizing, and felt like it would revolutionize a new world of rakugo...! We can't let your talents get away! Please join our society!!
Maya: P-please calm down. I'm grateful for you saying that, but I'm still considering what club to choose...
Kaoru: My apologies for bewitching you with my fleeting performance... Ahh, what a wicked thing I have done.
Rakugo Society Member A: I-I see. You said that at the beginning, too... But the Rakugo Society will always be waiting for the two of you with open arms! Come by for a visit anytime!
Maya: Okay. Thank you very much!
