event226-04 Chapter 3: The Prince of ___

After their search, Kaoru and Maya go off-campus. They have another destination.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Keiho Women's University - Front Gate]

Maya: (All of the clubs were so much fun. And the upperclassmen were so nice...!)
Maya: (But that might be why it's so hard to decide...)
Maya: (There are still clubs that I haven't visited yet, but... Hmm~...)
Kaoru: Well, my dear kitten. Do take care on your way.
Student C: You've really been so much help... I won't ever forget what happened today. Goodbye, Kaoru-sama!
Maya: K-Kaoru-sama...? Kaoru-san, I thought you went to buy juice... Did something happen?
Kaoru: Indeed, it did. One of that dear kitten's high heels was ensnared in a drain. I merely rushed to her aid when she was unable to move.
Kaoru: After all, one cannot allow Cinderella to lose her precious glass slippers.
Maya: No matter where you go, you never really change.
Kaoru: But of course. No matter where or when Kaoru Seta finds herself or what she is doing, she shall evermore remain herself...
Kaoru: Just as a prince is fated to save a princess. Ahh, how fleeting...
Maya: Ahaha... At this rate, you might end up with a fan club at Keiho.
Kaoru: More importantly, my apologies for having kept you waiting. Would the princess prefer orange or grape?
Maya: Ah, you even got one for me...? In that case, I'll have the orange juice. Thank you, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Fufu. It is because you conversed so much in the Board Game Club. I have become quite parched myself.
Maya: Yeah, the game grew so heated! It was simple but strategic. The tide turned so many times, and I was excited to see how it happened~!
Maya: The Percussion Lovers Club before that was fun too! The number of instruments was incredible, and there were so many rare ones, like the ones made with ceramic.
Kaoru: Indeed. If everyone from Hello, Happy World! were present, I have no doubt a parade would have begun.
Maya: Fufu. I can picture Tsurumaki-san and Kitazawa-san running around with smiles on their faces.
Maya: I was particularly interested in the asalato! The simplicity of making them by tying together two gourds with a string and striking them together is somewhat adorable...
Kaoru: The members of each club all asked you to pay them another visit. I believe that was the handiwork of your character.
Kaoru: Your eyes gleamed, and you made curious queries with an earnest countenance... It is no wonder those upperclassmen would be so taken with you.
Maya: Oh, no! I was simply interested in each club, and all I did was enjoy them...!
Maya: ... This is kind of embarrassing.
Maya: But once I actually experienced them, they were all such charming clubs... I'm at a loss for which one to join.
Kaoru: Fufu. What a luxurious and wonderful concern to have.
Kaoru: However, there are also clubs we have yet to see. I am certain there is a fated club that you will know to be suited for you.
Maya: Right!
Kaoru: Now then. What say we end things here for today? Maya, will you be available tomorrow afternoon?
Maya: Huh? Yes... I will. Kaoru-san, are you going to accompany me again tomorrow?
Kaoru: It is I who invited you on this journey. It is only natural that I see it through until you have chosen your path.
Maya: Kaoru-san... Thank you very much!
Kaoru: Well then. I shall see you on the morrow.
Maya: Okay... Ah, that's right! If you have time after this, would you like to join me?
Kaoru: I would not mind, but where might we be going?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Chisato And Kanon's Apartment]

Chisato: I'm home, Kanon. I'm sorry to be so lat-
Kaoru: Welcome home, Chisato. Dinner is ready. Fufu. Or would you prefer a bath first? Or perhaps-
Chisato: Oh dear. Excuse me. I have the wrong apartment.
Kaoru: Chisato, this is indeed your apartment. Please, come in.
Kaoru: Goodness me. You are as cold as ever. What a bashful kitten you are.
Chisato: Kaoru, you actually came. Maya-chan contacted me, so I did know about it, but I thought I had the wrong apartment.
Kanon: Ahaha...
Maya: Ch-Chisato-san... Welcome home. I'm sorry so many of us are intruding.
Chisato: Oh, you and the others are fine, Maya-chan. Don't worry yourself about it and relax.
Chisato: You'll be surprised once you learn how good Kanon's cooking is. She's improved so much since we started living together.
Kaoru: Ahh. That is indeed something to look forward to...! I shall use all five senses to thoroughly relish her fleeting cuisine.
Kanon: Fufu. Thank you, Kaoru-san.
Chisato: Oh, where's Hina-chan? She doesn't seem to be here yet.
Sayo: My apologies. Hina will be late due to her All Things Idols Club activities. She said that she did not mind if we started eating.
Kanon: Ah, it looks like the meat is defrosted. The food should be done soon, so please wait a little longer, everyone.
Sayo: Thank you very much. Then, in the meantime, I will set the table.
Maya: I'll help, too! Which plates should I take out?
Kanon: Umm. Could you get the blue plates at the top of the cupboard...?
Maya: Okay, Matsubara-san. I'll take those out!
Kaoru: Fufu... It seems we are in store for a wonderfully lively evening.
