event226-07 Ending: Maya's Light

Having decided to join the club, Maya's expression is bright.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Keiho Women's University - Front Gate]

Kaoru: Fufu. Maya... You have a very refreshed expression.
Maya: Thanks to you, I was able to find a club to join. Thank you so much for accompanying me.
Kaoru: I am delighted that you have found something you desire to do.
Maya: Fufu. So much has happened over the past two days, but... it feels like it's been a while since I last spent such a long time with you.
Kaoru: True. We were always together during our theater club days, sharing the same time.
Kaoru: We would converse back and forth over scripts and performances. And at times, would earnestly clash, shedding tears or laughing... Such dear days of youth.
Maya: Right. We were so devoted to theater in middle school and high school. We were dedicated and went full force... as we raced to the end to finish things.
Maya: That's exactly what made me think of wanting to start something new... I'm so glad you were here today to see that new beginning!
Kaoru: It is the departure of my dear companion. I, too, am elated to have witnessed it.
Kaoru: And did I not tell you before? "Your soul is carried to the most suitable place with destiny..." Which means this was an appropriate encounter for you.
Maya: ... Fufu. That might actually be true. Not just for the Outdoor Society, but the other thing as well...
Kaoru: ...? To what are you referring?
Maya: I'm sorry. I couldn't get my timing right to tell you, but... the truth is the other day...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Um, Nao-san, can I point out something? About this staging right here...
Nao: Hm? What's up?
Maya: Rather than show all of our silhouettes from the outset, what do you think of making Chisato-san and Hina-san stand out in the intro? I think that will add balance.
Maya: Ah, also, about "Hot, Hot! Sunny Love☆Summer!" Aya-san's cute dance is the highlight, so the lighting should be bright and showy... Ah. Excuse my sudden rambling...!
Nao: I see. You're pretty impressive, Yamato.
Chisato: It's because Maya-chan was the great stage director of her theater club. She helped to support numerous performances in high school.
Maya: Th-that's just an exaggeration...! I just had flashes of inspiration and thought it might be good if we did things a certain way...
Nao: Hmmm...
Nao: Hey, Yamato. Would you be interested in the staging team?
Maya: Huh?
Nao: There aren't many idols knowledgeable about offstage and onstage. Plus, when you go onstage, you can work while understanding the intent of everyone offstage.
Nao: When you're offstage, you can give us the lowdown on complaints, opinions, and expectations from onstage... And best of all, you looked really psyched just now!
Nao: Making idols shine even brighter depends on the skill of the people behind the scenes, y'know?
Maya: ...!
Nao: Whaddya say, Yamato?
Maya: I... want to do it...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: So, such a thing took place...
Maya: Yes. So, that led to me handling behind-the-scenes work as part of the staging team.
Maya: Even after becoming a university student, I never thought I would be doing backstage work in this way. It just might be that I can't get away from it.
Kaoru: Maya...
Maya: It's like, the more I talk about it, the more ideas I come up with. I once again realized that I love being involved with performances as a backstage worker.
Kaoru: I am certain that whatever performance it might be, you will succeed in supporting it as a backstage worker.
Maya: Right. I'll do my best to make use of my experience at Haneoka!
Kaoru: Fufu. So that is your other new departure. You have my support.
Maya: Thank you very much.
Maya: I never imagined I would also be involved with backstage work for Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: But looking back, there has been so much I didn't imagine happening to me. And there might still be more things I don't expect that will happen in the future.
Maya: So. It just might be that, as I take part in stage work, the day may come when I meet up with theater again.
Maya: There's even the chance that it will be a stage that you perform on, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: ... Yes. It is just as you say, Maya!
Kaoru: That would undoubtedly prove that "all roads lead to theater."
Kaoru: Let us dream of that day's arrival and do our individual best.
Maya: Right! Um, Kaoru-san, do you have some time after this? It's been a while, so why don't we have tea at Hazawa Coffee?
Kaoru: My apologies. I am meant to meet with the troupe for whom I will be making a guest appearance after this.
Maya: I see. Then let's have tea some other time!
Maya: Ah, pardon me. That's my phone. It's from Nao-san. Umm...
Maya: "We're going to have a staging team meeting right now. Can you make it, Yamato?" What?! R-right now?!
Kaoru: Fufu. It would seem we are both busy.
Maya: Right. Well, I'll be going now. Good luck with your meeting!
Kaoru: Yes. And you, as well.
Kaoru: Ah, yes. I shall send you a ticket shortly. Please come see my performance with its increased shine following my sojourn abroad. The date will be-
Maya: Ah. It's next month, right? I bought a ticket yesterday!
Kaoru: My word...!
Maya: After you talked about Cat Walk, I immediately went to the troupe's website and made a reservation!
Maya: After all, I'm the same as you... I want to cheer on my dear friend's new departure!
Kaoru: ... Ahh, thank you. Maya. Let us meet again, my dearest backstage princess.
Maya: Yeah! See you again, Kaoru-san! Okay, I'll be off!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: I, too, happily await that day which may come.
(White cut)
