event226-02 Chapter 1: Keiho Adventure

Kaoru and Maya check out prospective clubs. Their first destination is...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Keiho Women's University - Hallway]

Kaoru: Our adventure begins. Now then. Where shall we head first?
Maya: Please give me a minute... I made a list of prospective clubs, just in case.
Kaoru: Let me see...
Kaoru: ...
Maya: Is something the matter, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: No, it is nothing. So, where should we begin?
Maya: Good question. First, I'd like to go to the Audio Research Club! Their clubroom happens to be at the end of this hallway!
Kaoru: Hmm. Is your desire to tinker with equipment the reason for your interest in that club?
Maya: It is. It's my hobby, after all.
Maya: Also, when Tae-san previously came to the open campus, she bought an amp built by the Audio Research Club.
Maya: When she showed it to me, I thought about how it must've been made by someone who's absolutely crazy about amps. Ever since then, it's held my curiosity.
Kaoru: Fufu. I see.
Kaoru: I must say... I have not visited Keiho since our tour before the entrance exams, but it is as calm and tranquil as before.
Maya: Right. Our university is almost always like this.
Kaoru: As I thought in the cafeteria a minute ago, the buildings here are majestic, as though they were historic cathedrals.
Maya: I see. I more or less know how you feel. What is Yotsuba like?
Kaoru: Let me see. It is quite open with an energetic atmosphere. The Faculty of Arts, in particular, has no shortage of people creating works on campus.
Kaoru: Some intently carve logs in the courtyard... while others motionlessly await a photo opportunity... Fufu. Everyone devotes themselves to their creative pursuits as they like.
Maya: Wow~, that's kind of amazing! I'd like to visit someday.
Kaoru: Please do. You are always most welcome. I shall be waiting. Oh...?
Maya: Two people are jumping in front of the bulletin board. What could they be doing?
Student A: Ngh~, I can almost reach it...! I guess it's no use... I can't reach it even if I jump. Just when we found a place to hang the poster where it would stand out.
Student B: That's why I said we should bring a step stool with us. But you didn't want to get one out of storage~.
Kaoru: You seem to be having trouble, my dear kittens. Allow me to come to your aid. Now, please hand me those thumbtacks.
Student A: Huh? Ah, okay. P-please do...!
Kaoru: And... it is done. Fufu. It is hung quite fleetingly.
Student B: U-um, thank you very much!
Kaoru: I did nothing worthy of such gratitude. Rescuing princesses is a prince's duty, after all.
Kaoru: If you ever find yourselves in trouble, call me right away... my dear kittens.
Student A & B: ...!! S-so cool~...!
Kaoru: Maya, my apologies for having kept you waiting. Shall we be off?
Maya: Okay!
Student A: Hey, hey, hey~!!! Who was that just now? Do you know her? What year student is she?! Was there a person that cool at our school?
Student B: I don't know. But that was definitely the first time I've ever seen her! She really was like a prince...!!!
Maya: ... Fufu.
Kaoru: Maya? What is it? You look somewhat elated.
Maya: Oh, it's nothing. I was just thinking how some things never change.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Audio Research Club]

Maya: Excuse me. I'm a first-year student, and my name is Yamato. I'd like to observe your club, but would that be okay?
Audio Research Club Member A: ... You want to observe?
Kaoru: Oh? Have we arrived at an inopportune time? Maya, a shame as it is, let us return another day.
Audio Research Club Member A: Ah, wait, wait! I'm sorry! I didn't think anyone would be interested in joining our club...! Please, come in, come in! Feel free to take a look around.
Audio Research Club Member B: Right now, we're working on dismantling a used amp. Take a look. Here's how it's going.
Maya: Ooh, that amp! That's one of Senba Audio's legendary amps!
Kaoru: Is it that famous?
Maya: Yes! It's a limited amp that was discontinued twenty years ago! It lacks power, but its sound quality has a unique charm... It's a rare piece that fans go crazy for~!
Maya: Wow~. I never would have thought to see one here...! Um... W-would it be okay for me to take a closer look...?!
Kaoru: Fufu. I dare say this was a destined meeting.
Audio Research Club Member B: If you know about Senba Audio, you must know your stuff~! Ah, in that case, have you seen Senba's newest amp they released the other day?
Maya: Not yet~. You're referring to that legendary amp's later model, right? The moment I heard about it, I got so excited! But every store has been sold out...
Audio Research Club Member A: We have one stored on this shelf right here. Would you like to take a look? We also have some vintage pieces and some overpowered amps made by upperclassmen.
Maya: What? May I?! Wow. Yes, please!
Kaoru: Fufu...
(Black cut)

[After Some Time]

Maya: I see~! So you're particular about your vacuum tubes as well! I was hoping to try making an amp for myself at least once. If I did, it'd put out clean low tones and-
Kaoru: Pardon me, Maya. Might I interrupt you for a moment?
Kaoru: While I could listen evermore to your endless and overflowing love of equipment... our time is limited. Are you okay with not observing other clubs?
Maya: Huh...? I-is it that time already?! I got a bit too passionate there! I'm sorry, but it's about time we get going.
Audio Research Club Member A: I see. That's too bad. Your stories are really interesting, so share some more with us again.
Audio Research Club Member B: If you'd like... here's an application form for our club. You said you're still in the middle of choosing a club, but we'd love to have you, Yamato-san.
Maya: ... Thank you very much. I feel kind of guilty taking my time when you've been so nice to me.
Audio Research Club Member A: You don't have to worry about that~. You'll want to make your decision after looking around. We'll always be here waiting for you.
Audio Research Club Member B: That's right! We'd even be okay with having you as an honorary ghost member! Ahaha. That's just a joke. Feel free to drop by again.
Maya: Okay... Thank you very much!
Kaoru: Fufu. What wonderful upperclassmen. Now then. While it is a shame to leave, shall we be on our way to the next club?
Maya: Right!
