event226-05 Chapter 4: A Room Full of Warmth

The college students gather at Chisato and Kanon's apartment.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Chisato And Kanon's Apartment]

Sayo: Matsubara-san, this pot-au-feu is very delicious.
Kaoru: The soup filled with vegetable umami. The juiciness of the sausages... The fleeting harmony woven by this pair is spreading across my palate...! Ahh, how fleeting...!
Kanon: Thanks, you two...
Maya: This lasagna with loads of white sauce is great, too!
Chisato: The lasagna is one of Kanon's recent specialties. She's been attempting a variety of other dishes, as well.
Kaoru: Kanon took the initiative to create her culinary art during the Hello, Happy World! Training Camp as well. I recall her being quite skilled from that time.
Kanon: F-fue... Th-that's not true. I still have a long way to go~. There are even times when I burn pots...
Kanon: Plus, Chisato-chan's food is really delicious too. I'd love for all of you to try the French toast she made me recently.
Chisato: Fufu. Oh, Kanon...
Kaoru: It would appear you both are enjoying smooth sailing in your shared living. I can almost picture your days of mutual support and affection...
Chisato: Speaking of which, Maya-chan, how did today go? I heard you went to observe clubs.
Maya: I had a really fulfilling time! I guess you could say that experiencing their atmospheres made it easier for me to imagine what it would be like if I joined.
Maya: But all the clubs were so wonderful, it made me even more unsure which to join... Huhehe. It's quite embarrassing.
Maya: I think I'll decide tomorrow after seeing the clubs I haven't observed yet.
Kanon: You don't have to rush your decision. I'm sure you'll find a club you know is for you.
Sayo: I must say, though, I was somewhat surprised. I was certain that you would join a theater club, Yamato-san.
Kaoru: ...
Sayo: You previously worked passionately in theater, so I thought you would continue that into university.
Maya: Right. Theater is...
Maya: Something I feel like has come to a natural end for me. I'm hoping to try something new at university.
Maya: But my love for theater won't change, so I'd like to go and see performances.
Kaoru: I see. So that was your reasoning. When you allowed me to peruse your list, I found it astonishing not to see a single mention of theater.
Kaoru: I am glad to have heard your newfound determination and deepest feelings.
Maya: Kaoru-san, so that's what you were feeling. I should have told you sooner.
Kaoru: Nay, there is naught to fret over. I intend to encourage my dear companion's new departure.
Maya: Thank you very much. But as for backstage work-
Sayo: Ah, excuse me. That is my phone. Um... It's from Hina. "I'm nearby! Sis, come get me." ... I cannot believe that girl.
Sayo: Please excuse me. I will go to collect her.
Chisato: Be careful, Sayo-chan.
Kaoru: Fufu. Hina is the same as ever.
Kanon: Hina-chan said that the All Things Idols Club is a lot of fun. Huh? Come to think of it, you didn't join a club either, did you, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Indeed. I, like Maya, am planning on making a new departure.
Kaoru: You see, I have received a generous offer from the Cat Walk theatrical troupe to make a guest appearance.
Maya: What? You mean that Cat Walk?! They're a theatrical troupe that's recently caused a buzz in online news! That's incredible!
Kaoru: They said they were deeply moved after watching Kaoru Seta's World Masterpiece Theater, my corner on the Hello, Happy Channel.
Kaoru: I hope to fulfill my first guest appearance properly so that I might live up to my dear kittens' expectations.
Kaoru: And I wish to be a guest of other troupes in the future. Should a troupe, program, or theater be different, the performance unfolding therein will change dramatically...
Kaoru: That is precisely why I desire to know various theatrical performances and attain various possibilities.
Chisato: So you've finally reached the point where you can appear in a professional theatrical troupe. I thought this might happen one day.
Kaoru: There may come a time when we are to perform together. I would ask for your kindest regards at that time.
Chisato: Yes, likewise. Although, that's if such a day actually comes.
Maya: To think you'd have something like that happen... Not only will you take part in a professional theatrical troupe, but you'll also have band activities. I bet you'll be busy.
Kaoru: Indeed. However, I, of course, do not mean to neglect my studies. Kaoru Seta intends to polish her shine, even in her lectures.
Chisato: Your shine is it...?
Chisato: I would have liked to show everyone your "shine" during our lecture on that one day.
Maya: Huh? Did something happen?
Chisato: I happen to take the same Shakespeare Research class as Kaoru. In response to the professor's question, she zealously narrated her pet theories as if it were a recital...
Chisato: She and the professor may have been on the same wavelength, as it led to a conversation between fans of Shakespeare that went on for more than twenty minutes.
Kanon: What? Th-they went on for that long?
Chisato: Seriously... It made my head hurt.
Chisato: I don't know if that class was the start of it, but people are now beginning to call Kaoru the "Prince of Yotsuba"...
Maya: Fufu. I can kind of understand that happening. First Haneoka, and now Yotsuba... I'm sure she'll eventually be called that at Keiho.
Hina: Yoo-hoo! I'm coming in♪ Is everybody having fun? Ah, Kaoru-kun! It's been a while, huh?!
Kaoru: Greetings, Hina. Your smile is as radiant as always. I am pleased to see that you seem well.
Chisato: Welcome, Hina-chan. You can place your things wherever you like.
Hina: Thanks, Chisato-chan. Ah, by the way! I ran into Lisa-chi, Rinko-chan, and Yukina-chan on Campus Street a minute ago, so I invited them to come!
Kanon & Chisato: Huh?!
Sayo: Hold on, Hina. You made no mention of that at all...!
Hina: Aww. But it'll definitely be fun having more people! That's why I also sent Aya-chan a message-
Hina: Ahaha. That reply was way too fast. Aya-chan said she's definitely coming.
Maya: Ahaha... It's almost like all of us in university are assembling in full force.
Chisato: Would that many people fit in this room?
Kanon: Fufu. But this kind of feels like a very university student thing to do.
Chisato: ... Yes, it certainly does. Well then. Why don't we clear some space for everyone to sit?
Chisato: Kaoru, would you place those bags in the closet behind you?
Kaoru: Very well. I understand, Chisato.
Kanon: I'll have to make a few more dishes. I wonder what they'll want to eat. I hope I have something in the refrigerator...
Sayo: I will help as well. Hina, so will you.
Hina: What~? But I just got here~.
Maya: Now, now, Hina-san. It will definitely be fun if we all work together.
