event226-01 Opening: Searching for Light

Becoming a college student has brought change and a small problem for Maya.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Talent Agency - Hallway]

Maya: Okay then. We'll be leaving now... Phew. The meeting ended sooner than I thought it would.
Chisato: It certainly did. If you wouldn't mind, why don't we have tea after this? My next lecture was suddenly canceled.
Maya: I'm sorry. I have a third-period class after this... Please invite me again next time.
Chisato: I see. That's a shame... Fufu. I must say, I'm still not quite used to this.
Maya: Huh? Used to what?
Chisato: Going to school after a meeting is over would have been unthinkable in high school, wouldn't it?
Maya: Good point! It feels like we can move more freely compared to our time in high school.
Chisato: Yes. How we use our time is up to us. We're university students now, so we need to use it meaningfully.
Chisato: Speaking of which, how has driving school been lately?
Maya: About that...! I happened to run into Sayo-san there, which surprised me. Apparently, she wants to get her driver's license in consideration for the future.
Chisato: I see. So, she's also attempting different challenges.
Maya: Also, the other day, I had a driver's permit test, and I passed it successfully!
Chisato: Fufu. That's just what I would expect of you. Congratulations. So it will only be a short time until you graduate from driving school.
Maya: Yeah! That's why I'd like to start something new. I've actually been looking into clubs at my university.
Nao: Ooh. Nice, Yamato! You should definitely join a club~! It's better to have more assets, so enjoy something fun~!
Maya: Ah, Nao-san. Thank you for your hard work in the meeting just now. That's quite a lot of DVDs you've got there.
Nao: Ahh, these? They're all concert DVDs of the idols who plan on participating in TIS! I was thinking of re-watching them now.
Maya: Is that for the staging research you talked about the other day...?
Chisato: If I remember correctly, you formed a new staging team of specialist staff members with yourself as the lead.
Nao: You got it! I'll be whipping your concerts into shape from now on, so you'd better be ready~!
Maya: Alright! I'm really looking forward to it!
Chisato: Our concerts will also need to improve for TIS.
Nao: What's this now~? Aww~. So both of you are so interested in the new staging team that you can't help yourselves, huh~?
Nao: Here's my idea sheet. You can have a little sneak peek. It's the new draft proposal I came up with before talking with everyone on the team.
Maya: Ooh! You've written so much. Hmm, hmm... For the opening's first song, you'll focus the lighting to project the members' shadows during the intro...
Maya: ...
Nao: What's the matter, Yamato? Did something catch your attention?
Maya: Um, Nao-san, can I point out something? About this staging right here...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Keiho Women's University - Cafeteria]

Sayo: Yamato-san, you were almost too late entering the classroom for our lecture a short while ago. I am glad you made it on time.
Maya: Oh dear~, I'm sorry to have worried you... I was late leaving my agency.
Kanon: You seem busy with work. Will you be able to make it this evening?
Maya: Yes, I will! I'm looking forward to visiting your and Chisato-san's apartment.
Maya: During the lecture, I was surprised when Hina-san suddenly sent a message that said, "Let's have a girls' get-together at Kanon-chan's place today♪" ... Ahaha.
Sayo: I am so sorry for her being someone that acts on impulse... She also chose the location of her own accord.
Kanon: It's okay. I'm happy she did that because I was hoping to invite everyone.
Kanon: I almost forgot. I have to drop by the Tea Party Lovers Club after this! I'm sorry. I feel guilty asking this, but... can I leave the shopping to you?
Sayo: Understood. I will purchase drinks and snacks and bring them with me.
Maya: Um, Matsubara-san. I have something I'd like to ask. What kind of activities does the Tea Party Lovers Club do?
Kanon: Huh? Um, we go to popular cafes and introduce each other to teas and snacks we like... I guess.
Maya: Wow, how nice! I failed to notice our university had a club like that. I'll have to check the list of clubs once more.
Sayo: Yamato-san, are you planning on joining a club?
Maya: It's a little late, but I think I'd like to. I'm currently looking into various clubs.
Kanon: Wow~, I see. Sayo-chan, are you not planning on joining a club?
Sayo: Correct. That is because I want to prioritize Roselia's activities. Keiho has a rich selection of clubs, so I hope you find one to your liking, Yamato-san.
Maya: Yeah. There's the Audio Research Club, Percussion Lovers Club, Survival Society, and Go & Shogi Club...
Maya: There are many other clubs that I'm interested in, so ideally, I'd like to join them all. Huhehe...
Maya: But after considering the various trade-offs, I think it would be best to narrow it down to just one. Each club is so fascinating that I can't help but hesitate.
Kaoru: In that case, what say we experience all of those clubs?
Maya, Kanon & Sayo: Kaoru-san?! Seta-san?!
Kaoru: You can simply reconsider which club to join after that. What say we first take a step from the forest of the lost?
Kaoru: As Shakespeare once said... "Where is thy lustre now?"
Maya: K-Kaoru-san, why are you at our university?
Kaoru: Good day to you, my dear kittens. My apologies for interrupting your elegant midafternoon tea time.
Kaoru: I have come to deliver unto Cinderella that which she left behind. Ah, fear not.
Kaoru: I have received permission from the security guard. Behold. My gate pass gleams brilliantly upon my chest, does it not?
Kanon: Huh...? Kaoru-san, that item you have there. Is that... My notebook!
Kaoru: You left it behind after yesterday's Hello, Happy World! Meeting. You hastened on your way, saying that you had your part-time job, so it seemed you accidentally forgot it.
Kanon: Thank you, Kaoru-san. I was dreading that I might have lost this.
Kaoru: Fufu. I am delighted to have been of assistance to you.
Kaoru: Incidentally, Maya. My visit to Keiho on this day, this time, at this moment, is surely providence. What say you and I now embark upon a journey of club observation?
Maya: Huh?! Right now? Oh, no. You must also be busy, so I'd feel bad asking that of you!
Kaoru: There is naught for you to fret over. As luck would have it, I have no lectures nor plans after this. I am free to do as I please.
Kaoru: Furthermore, all experiences serve as nourishment for actors.
Kaoru: "All roads lead to theater." It is... but that.
Maya: Kaoru-san...
Kanon: Maya-chan. Wouldn't it be okay to take her up on her offer?
Kanon: Seeing the actual activities and getting a feel for the atmosphere is important. So I'm sure it will be a good opportunity for you to pick a club.
Maya: You do make a good point. I imagine I won't be able to choose on my own...
Maya: Kaoru-san, on second thought, can I make that request of you?
Kaoru: Yes, but of course. We must strike while the iron is hot. Let us be off, Maya!
Maya: Okay! Matsubara-san, Sayo-san. I'll see you later!
Sayo: Yes. We will see you this evening.
Sayo: It seems as though the matter progressed in the blink of an eye. Will Yamato-san be all right?
Kanon: I'm sure she will be. I'm positive that Kaoru-san will be of help to her.
