event226-06 Chapter 5: An Encounter in the Woods

Kaoru and Maya are continuing their search when Maya encounters a certain club.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[The Next Day]

[Keiho Women's University - Campus]

Maya: Wow~. Your quick buzzing was magnificent, Kaoru-san! Everyone in the Quiz Lovers Club was also surprised.
Kaoru: Yes, it was truly an amusing club. My heart could not help but dance when Nietzsche's quotes were given as questions.
Maya: You were so cool then!
Kaoru: Fufu... It covered my most respected Nietzsche, after all. His words are engraved upon my soul.
Kaoru: Now then. With this, we have finished observing all of the clubs... Did you find one that took hold of your heart?
Maya: Urk... A-about that~...
Maya: I'm sorry! I couldn't decide! You've come this far to accompany me, so I can't help but feel guilty.
Kaoru: Maya, there is no need for you to apologize. It is as Shakespeare once said.
Kaoru: "Your soul is carried to the most suitable place with destiny..."
Kaoru: Your fate shall carry you to the appropriate place someday.
Maya: Ahaha... It feels like you're repeating the same thing... But you're right. I'm sure I'll find the club for me one day.
Maya: I'll try giving it a little more thought... Huh?
Maya: Do you smell something good?
Kaoru: ... Would this fragrance happen to be that of coffee? It would seem it is coming from the woods.
Maya: Is there something there?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Ah, there's a tent here...!
Kaoru: Indeed, there is. However, though we have only taken a single step from the courtyard, it feels like we have wandered into a forest...
Outdoor Society Member: Huh? Who are you two...?
Kaoru: Fufu. We were drawn in by the aromatic fragrance of your coffee. And yourself? What is it that you are doing here?
Outdoor Society Member: We're doing club activities. We're the Outdoor Society.
Maya: The Outdoor Society... So there was a club like that!
Outdoor Society Member: Ahaha. It's because we're a super minor club. I guess it's no wonder you didn't know about it.
Outdoor Society Member: We more or less have activities every week. We enjoy a camping experience at school, just like we're doing now.
Maya: At school...? Don't you go to the mountains or beach?
Outdoor Society Member: That takes time and money, so we only do it occasionally. But eating at school is pretty stylish. Today, we're making mushroom al ajillo on this tabletop grill~♪
Maya: Ah, that grill...! It's the same as the one I have.
Kaoru: Maya, do you also have an interest in camping?
Maya: Yes. There was one time when I became curious about camping and tried putting together a set of camping goods.
Maya: That being said, I've only practiced pitching a tent in my room.
Outdoor Society Member: I see, I see. So you've got an interest in camping. Ah, perfect. The coffee's ready. Please have some if you'd like.
Maya: Huh? Can we? Thank you very much.
Maya: ... It's delicious.
Kaoru: Indeed... It sinks deep into my heart.
Maya: Right... It's strange. It's like it's really flavorful, or rather, calming...
Maya: Um, did you use a special kind of beans?
Outdoor Society Member: Nope. It's just instant coffee.
Maya: Huh? I-it is...?
Outdoor Society Member: Fufu. It's weird how being surrounded by nature like this changes how the coffee tastes, huh?
Outdoor Society Member: But that's the charm of the outdoors.
Maya: ...
Outdoor Society Member: If you want, why not try out a sleeping bag too? There's an extra in the tent that you can use. It's warm and comfy~.
Maya: Th-thank you very much. Since you've offered, I'll give it a try...
Kaoru: Ahh, Maya...! The appearance of you with just your face peeking out from the sleeping bag is akin to that of a bagworm... How adorable you are...
Maya: Ohh, this sensation... It's warm with just the right amount of snugness. It's almost like I've fit myself into a tight space...
Maya: ...
Kaoru: Maya?
Maya: ... Huh? Ah, I'm sorry. I was spacing out a little.
Kaoru: Fufu. It would appear you have taken quite a liking to it.
Maya: Huhehe, I'm sorry. It's just so comfortable...
Maya: It's completely different from when I pitched a tent in my room.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Sitting still in the tent like this, I can hear the sound of the cluster of trees and people's voices off in the distance. It's hard to believe we're on the school campus.
Maya: It feels like my thoughts from before just slipped away... I feel so calm and at peace...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Outdoor Society Member: Mhm. Time spent doing nothing is so nice.
Maya: Yes... I love this time. It makes me want to stay like this forever...
Maya: ...
Maya: Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: What is it?
Maya: I've made my decision...!
Maya: Um, excuse me. I... would like to join the Outdoor Society.
(Black cut)
