event158-07 Ending: The Price of Enjoyment

RAS look back at what happened at Toconut Park. However, CHU² is behaving strangely...?!

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

MASKING (Masuki): Man~, Toconut Park was great, wasn't it~...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Are you still watching that video of the nighttime show?
MASKING (Masuki): Let's watch it together. Why are you standin'? C'mon over and sit with us.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll pass. I have a feeling I'll be able to make better progress standing.
MASKING (Masuki): ...? Oh?
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, this part where the BGM's tone shifted gave me some real goosebumps.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it was very nice~. Both the melody and the lighting became so romantic...
PAREO (Reona): I know what you mean~. I, too, was positively enchanted.
LAYER (Rei): I really liked the cool laser lights during the first half.
MASKING (Masuki): Want me to rewind so you can see it again?
CHU² (Chiyu): Ah... If you're going to do that, connect it to my display, will you? I'll watch it too.
MASKING (Masuki): Sure thing! Guess you like the first bit too, huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): It was a pretty good show overall, so I don't think either half was necessarily better than the other...
CHU² (Chiyu): That said, the first half did have more elements like the laser lights that we can incorporate into our concerts.
MASKING (Masuki): Everythin' comes back to concerts and music for you, huh...?
CHU² (Chiyu): What? Do you have a problem with that?
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, just impressed, is all.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fufu, then I guess you're not objecting.
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~. I would like to return to Toconut Park... The way you smiled excitedly at the water slides was especially cute~.
LAYER (Rei): Hey, why don't we also try going to some other pools?
LOCK (Rokka): I'd like that! CHU²-san, you'll come too if there are shows that will give you ideas for our concerts, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Nope.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh?! Why?!
PAREO (Reona): But you said first-hand experience is important~!
CHU² (Chiyu): And I do think that going to the park was a good experience. But whether or not I liked it is something else entirely.
CHU² (Chiyu): In the first place, I'm not a swimming pool producer. I'm a music producer! If we have to go somewhere, I'd prefer to go to a music festival. There'll be more to learn that way.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-there's no arguing with that...!
PAREO (Reona): Aww~, but I would like for us to go and have fun together~!
CHU² (Chiyu): No swimming pools! I'm absolutely not going!
PAREO (Reona): Then what about the beach?
CHU² (Chiyu): Even worse. There's going to be seaweed on the ground, right?
PAREO (Reona): What if I said I will make the entire beach seaweed-free before you arrive?
MASKING (Masuki): Don't think even you could get all the seaweed.
LAYER (Rei): What's the matter, CHU²? You looked like you were having so much fun earlier.
CHU² (Chiyu): Uh... I just don't want to go, okay?
MASKING (Masuki): ... Just me, or you been keepin' your back from bein' touched? Wait a sec...
CHU² (Chiyu): Ow! Hey, don't touch me!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah... Did you get sunburned?
LAYER (Rei): Oh. So that's why you've been standing all day...
PAREO (Reona): I-is what they are saying true, CHU²-sama?! Why did you not tell me?!
PAREO (Reona): Oh no, I failed to protect your beautiful skin from the sun. This is the greatest failure of my life~!
CHU² (Chiyu): I didn't say anything because I knew this would happen...
PAREO (Reona): I had assumed your skin would be protected because I applied the same sunscreen as myself...! I failed to foresee that you would need more because your skin is far more delicate...!
PAREO (Reona): Forgive me, CHU²-sama! The next time we go to the beach or swimming pool, I shall ensure that every possible protective measure against the sun will be taken!
CHU² (Chiyu): Gah! I said I'm not going, didn't I?!
