event158-05 Chapter 4: What Can Only Be Found Here

Having had their fill of the water slides, LOCK and everyone enjoy some shaved ice while taking a break...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Toconut Park]

MASKING (Masuki): I gotta say, that large water slide we got on first ended up bein' the most amazin' one.
CHU² (Chiyu): Agreed. I quite enjoyed the thrill.
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha... It looks like you're really into slides now, CHU²-san.
PAREO (Reona): I am sorry that took so long, everyone♪ Here are your special Toconut Park tropical sunshine snow cones~.
LAYER (Rei): LOCK, CHU², you two wanted the Blue Hawaiian syrup, right? Here you go.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much! Ohhh, the way it's decorated with pineapples and oranges makes it so cute.
PAREO (Reona): And for you, Massu-san, the same lemon-flavored one I got for myself♪
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks.
CHU² (Chiyu): Finally... It's so cold!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. It's perfect for a hot day like this.
CHU² (Chiyu): True. I can feel myself cooling down from the inside.
LOCK (Rokka): You got the strawberry one, LAYER-san?
LAYER (Rei): Mm-hmm. Want a bite?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, if you don't mind! Here, you can have some of mine.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks... Ah, this Hawaiian's pretty good too.
MASKING (Masuki): Gimme a bite, too, will ya...? Hmm? What are you lookin' at, PAREO?
PAREO (Reona): I am examining a map of Toconut Park that I picked up at a stall.
PAREO (Reona): Since we are here, if we keep heading toward the restaurant all the way over here, we will have a lot of pools to choose from.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sounds good to me. It should also be time for the nighttime show after we eat at that restaurant.
LAYER (Rei): Hey, the pictures along the edge of the map... Is that the food that's going to be served?
LOCK (Rokka): It looks that way. There's curry, ramen, and more... Wow~, they all look so delicious!
PAREO (Reona): There are apparently items that come with exclusive Toconut Park gifts♪ I think we should take this chance to order them.
CHU² (Chiyu): Didn't you also say the snow cones were exclusives? You really have a thing for exclusives, don't you?
PAREO (Reona): We came all the way to this park, after all. I feel it is only natural to focus on the things which can only be experienced here~.
MASKING (Masuki): Then how about this juice? It comes with a cup with a dolphin on it.
LAYER (Rei): Hmm~... I'm not sure I'd have much use for a dolphin cup at home.
LOCK (Rokka): Hmm? You don't like it?
LAYER (Rei): It's not that. It's just that my shelves are tiny, so I might not have the space.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, I just remembered it's the same for me...!
MASKING (Masuki): You two do live alone. Guess no cup then.
PAREO (Reona): Then how about this ice cream? It comes with sunglasses, and there are five different designs too.
CHU² (Chiyu): No! Assuming I were even interested, I'd say we should get these key chains.
PAREO (Reona): Oh my! You do not object to key chains, CHU²-sama?!
LOCK (Rokka): I didn't think you would be interested...!
MASKING (Masuki): You got a fever or somethin'? Wanna take a break?
CHU² (Chiyu): I-I never said I want them! It just seemed like a reasonable choice based on the process of elimination!
LAYER (Rei): You know, this is unexpected. You didn't even want to go for a swim at first.
CHU² (Chiyu): Well... I'll admit that much.
MASKING (Masuki): Bet you've been havin' a lot more fun than you thought, right?
LOCK (Rokka): Is she right, CHU²-san?
CHU² (Chiyu): W-well... um~...
MASKING (Masuki): CHU²~.
CHU² (Chiyu): F-fine! I admit it, okay...? It's been fun.
CHU² (Chiyu): Before I came, I thought things like the lazy river and the water slides were a waste of time.
CHU² (Chiyu): And I didn't get why people liked them. I mean it's not like the TV show made them look all that interesting.
CHU² (Chiyu): But today has made me realize that there are things that you have to experience directly in order to understand.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I see.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama~! I am so overwhelmed~...!
CHU² (Chiyu): Why are you the one that's so happy?
PAREO (Reona): Truth be told, I was concerned that I had been too forceful in my attempts to get you to come.
PAREO (Reona): But you have said that you enjoyed our time together. That is why I am overjoyed, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sheesh~... You're always overreacting.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, if you're havin' fun, guess this means we won't have to hold back.
PAREO (Reona): Indeed!
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh...? We did all that and you're telling me you were holding back?!
PAREO & MASKING: Yes. Yeah.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, we really must use all the time we have left to do everything you want! Perhaps we could also borrow a boat. Oh, and we should get the matching key chains too!
CHU² (Chiyu): W-wait, slow down!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu. PAREO-san looks so happy.
LAYER (Rei): Hey, can I make a request too? I've actually been wanting to go the wave pool. Do you think we could do that?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, of course!
