event47-02 Chapter 1: Clue #1: A Hot Summer Day

Arisa and Saya agree to help Kasumi and Hagumi find the park. Could clues to its location be in their memories...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Kasumi: Alright! This is where our adventure begins!
Hagumi: Yup! I remember this part! I'd always head away from the station on my way to the park!
Saya: Opposite the station, huh...? So this way, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! There's a lot more cars by the station, so my dad always said to ride my bike over this way instead!
Arisa: I see. So we're going to find this park by going through your old memories, huh?
Kasumi: Hey, look! The downtown streets are all decorated for Tanabata!
Saya: Tanabata's a big tradition around here. We decorated the bakery too.
Hagumi: And I helped!
Saya: Thanks again, by the way. We really appreciated it. Especially considering the heat.
Hagumi: Ehehe~♪ That's what neighbors are for! We help each other! Besides, I like sunny days.
Arisa: It's pretty warm today too... It really feels like summer.
Kasumi: Ah! Now that I think about it, it was hot the day we met as well, wasn't it, Hagu?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Wow~! What a big park! Look at all these things I can play with! What should I do first~?!
Kasumi: Uhm... My mother told me to pick the very best one and you... are... it!
Kasumi: Yay~! The swings! Here I come!
Kasumi: Hey, are you playing on the swings? Can I play too?
Hagumi: Uh-huh! Sure! Let's swing together!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: It was hot, so the wind hitting my face felt really good.
Hagumi: That's right! I remember now! We kept swinging to see who could get higher!
Saya: Wow~, okay. So that's how you guys met, huh?
Arisa: Can something like that really make you such good friends though...? You were close enough to meet each other every week...
Saya: I've got siblings, so I kind of understand. Kids make friends really fast.
Kasumi: Ah, wait! Right after that...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: What~?! Haa-chan, you can ride a bike? That's amazing~! I still need training wheels~.
Hagumi: I bet you could do it too, Kasumi-chan~! I'll teach you!
Hagumi: Uhm~, you sit here, right? Then you just push like this! Zoom!
Kasumi: Uhm~... First this~, and then... Zoom!
Hagumi: Yeah! Then you squeeze this! That's how you stop!
Kasumi: Here...? Squeeze! You're right, I stopped!
Hagumi: That was great, Kasumi-chan~!
Hagumi: Let's go over to that hill over there next! That's how I practiced with my dad!
Kasumi: A hill? But won't it hurt if I fall...?
Hagumi: It's okay! I'll hold onto the back for you! Let's go!
Kasumi: Yeah!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Even though we were only in preschool, you already knew how to ride a bike. You were super athletic even back then, Hagu~.
Hagumi: Ehehe~♪ I'm pretty sure you rode your bike that day too, Kaa-kun. Right on that hill. I didn't even have to help you towards the end!
Kasumi: Now that you mention it, I think you're right...! So that means... you're the one who taught me how to ride a bike, Hagu!
Kasumi: ... Wow! It's all coming back to me now! There was a long road in front of the park, and I'd rode my bike down it!
Arisa: What a dramatic memory...
Saya: Hold on a second... You're saying there was a hill in front of the park, right?
Kasumi: Yup! It wasn't one with a sudden drop either, but more of a long slope.
Saya: Then it's probably on the other side of Hanasakigawa. That area has lots of rolling hillsides. I bet it's somewhere around there.
Arisa: Jeez, Saya... It's like you're an actual detective...
Saya: Now that I think about it, I feel like someone has told me that before.
Kasumi: Well, what are we waiting for? Across the river!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's go~!
Arisa: Well, I guess we better follow them...
