event47-01 Opening: Their Beginnings

Kasumi and Hagumi remember playing together as children. They said they met at a park but something's strange...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Arisa: Hey, Kasumi. Come on, let's go home.
Kasumi: Ah! Sorry, Arisa! Just wait a couple more minutes! I'm almost done!
Arisa: Hm? What are you doing?
Kasumi: Our homework for Japanese History. I just have to fill in these spaces, but it's really hard.
Kasumi: Hey, Hagu, how far are you?
Hagumi: Ehehe! I'm just finishing now! Saya helped me out with the second half!
Kasumi: Hey, no fair~. Saya, help me too~!
Saya: Okay, okay, understood. Ah, Arisa's here now, so why don't we all do it together?
Arisa: Saya... Don't get me involved...
Kasumi: Oh~, don't be like that~. Please, Arisa!
Arisa: ... Fine. Whatever~. Wait, you haven't even gotten through half this worksheet...
Kasumi: I'm so bad at Japanese history~. You have to memorize all those dates and names.
Hagumi: Yeah! There's so much you have to remember. My head gets all dizzy.
Kasumi: I know what you mean~.
Hagumi: That's why whenever I get stuck on a test question, I always write "Oda Nobunaga"! You're sure to get at least one answer right that way.
Kasumi: Ah, good idea! I'll have to try that next time!
Hagumi: Careful, Kaa-kun. His name is really hard to write. Sometimes, I still mess it up when I'm not paying attention.
Kasumi: Ah, you're right! It's really complicated! What a clever trap...
Arisa: ... You two are unbelievable.
Arisa: Make sure you know your history. They say history repeats itself for a reason, you know.
Kasumi & Hagumi: They do...?
Saya: Yes, that's why we need to learn from the events of the past. To help us out here in the present.
Kasumi & Hagumi: I see!
Saya: Fufufu. You two are so in sync. It's like you're two peas in a pod.
Kasumi: Well, yeah! Hagu and I have been friends since we were kids~♪
Hagumi: Uh-huh! We used to play together all the time at the park!
Saya: Yeah, that's what you guys are always saying...
Arisa: Oh, finally. I've been meaning to ask about that story myself.
Saya: I know, I'm so curious~. I mean, don't you guys live fairly far apart?
Saya: I can't really imagine how you two would have been able to play together...
Arisa: Exactly! I don't get it either. Kasumi has to come here by train, so I don't see how you two could have met in the first place.
Kasumi: Fufu~♪ Well, you see, when I was still in kindergarten, my mom would take me to a park a little farther away from home on Sundays.
Kasumi: I loved it because the playground there had a bunch of things the one by my house didn't have!
Saya: That makes sense. My brother and sister's eyes always light up when we go somewhere other than our usual park.
Hagumi: And I used to go to the same park a lot too, so that's how I met Kaa-kun!
Saya: Oh~, so that's how it happened.
Arisa: And then you two were, by some miracle, reunited in high school, right? So things like that really do happen.
Hagumi: I didn't recognize you at first, Kaa-kun. You didn't have those ear things back then~. Your hair was totally different~.
Kasumi: Ehehe~♪And I never thought I'd be in the same class as Haa-chan!
Arisa: ... 'Haa-chan'?
Kasumi: Back then, I used to call her Haa-chan!
Hagumi: And I called her Kasumi-chan.
Saya: That's pretty cute when you think about it. What kind of games did you two use to play?
Kasumi: Hm~, a whole bunch of different things~. We'd get there around lunchtime, and we'd keep playing until it got dark.
Hagumi: I always thought time went by extra fast when Kaa-kun was around~.
Kasumi: Same here! I remember crying and begging my mom to stay longer. I never wanted to leave.
Saya: So you two were close even back then. That explains why you guys are so similar now.
Arisa: But if you were such good friends, why did you stop hanging out together? You two didn't meet again until high school, right?
Kasumi: Hm~, yeah~... What happened? Do you remember anything, Hagu?
Hagumi: Nope, not at all~.
Arisa: Well, you were kids after all, so you probably got into a fight over something minor, right?
Kasumi: I don't think so... I always had so much fun with Hagu...
Hagumi: I can't really remember that far back, but I don't think it was a fight either...
Hagumi: Actually, I don't even know where that park is anymore.
Saya: Huh? It's not the park downtown?
Hagumi: Nope, not that one. I had just learned how to ride a bike, so I'd go a little farther away to get there.
Kasumi: Hey, that gives me an idea! Why don't we look for that park together?! I bet we'll remember all sorts of stuff along the way!
Hagumi: Wow, that sounds great! I want to go back to that park anyways!
Kasumi: Arisa, Saya, you guys help too! Won't it be fun playing detective?
Saya: I don't really have any plans after this... Why not? I'll go. How about you, Arisa?
Arisa: I'm not doing anything either, so I guess I'll tag along.
Kasumi: Yay~! Alright, childhood park, here we come~!
