event47-05 Chapter 4: The Park of Memories

The four girls head to the park of Kasumi and Hagumi's childhood. What will they find...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[The Neighboring Town]

Kasumi: Saya, are we there yet?
Saya: We're getting pretty close. It should be just a little further.
Hagumi: Ah! Hey, look over there! You can see a big tree!
Kasumi: You're right!
Saya: The pond is supposed to be somewhere around there too.
Arisa: And there's a long hill that goes all the way over there... Looks like this is the place.
Kasumi: Oh~, have we really found our park?! My heart's beating so fast!
Hagumi: Mine too~!
Kasumi: I'm gonna sprint there! See ya!
Hagumi: Ah, wait for me, Kaa-kun~! I'm coming too~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Long-Lost Park...?]

Kasumi: Is this...
Hagumi: Our childhood... park...?
Kasumi & Hagumi: ...
Arisa: Huff, puff... So? Did you find it?
Kasumi: No... There's no... park here...
Arisa: Huh? Does that mean this isn't the place either?
Hagumi: No, I think we're in the right place! There's a tree over there, and a small pond right next to it. And the road in front of it is a hill... This has to be it!
Kasumi: This building wasn't here though. This used to be all park before!
Saya: It looks like the culture center for this district. My phone says the same thing...
Arisa: So in other words... They tore down the park to make room for this?
Kasumi: ... Ah! I remember now!
Hagumi: Yeah, me too!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Look at all the trucks and workers... Are they doing something to the park...?
Kasumi: ... Yeah. We can't get in...
Kasumi: ... O-ooo... No! No, no, no, no~! I don't want the park to go away!
Hagumi: Me either~... I wanna play here with Kasumi-chan~...! Waaah~!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: I see... So that's why we stopped playing together...
Hagumi: ... Yeah. If the park hadn't disappeared, we could have kept playing together forever~...
Arisa: Well... Times change, things happen. Not much you can do about that.
Saya: Still, isn't this great?! That means the reason you two stopped playing together wasn't a fight after all! Just knowing that makes it all worthwhile, doesn't it?
Kasumi: You're right... Once you entered the park, the swings were on your right. That's where Hagu and I first met.
Hagumi: Toward the back, there was a big slide! You used to go down it head first, Kaa-kun~.
Kasumi: Oh, and the sandbox was around here!
Hagumi: And I think the drinking fountain was over there.
Kasumi: When I fell down and hurt myself, you brought me over there and helped me wash my knee.
Hagumi: Ah! That looked like it really hurt~.
Kasumi: This... brings back so many memories~...
Kasumi: Hagu! Thank you so much for playing with me back then... And for being my friend!
Hagumi: No, I'm the one who should be thanking you~! It was so much fun hanging out with you!
Arisa: U-uhm, hey... Sorry about before. I just assumed you guys had a fight, and that's why you stopped hanging out together... I had no idea you two were so close...
Kasumi: No biggie! It's thanks to you and Saya that we were able to recover all these precious memories! I can't thank you two enough!
Hagumi: Aa-chan, Saya, thank you so much!
Saya: Fufufu, you're very welcome. Ah, since we're already here, why don't we check out the culture center? I'm kind of thirsty anyways.
Arisa: Same here. We finally found the place from your childhood memories, so we might as well relax here for a bit.
Kasumi & Hagumi: Yeah!
