event48-03 Chapter 2: The Seaside Cavern

The girls enter the caves in search of the pirate's treasure. But what lies in store for them...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pirate Cave?]

Kanon: Ohhh, this place gives me the creeps... It always feels like something is about to jump out at you...
Misaki: Everything okay, Kanon-san? I know you're really scared. You should've just stayed back at the house.
Kanon: I thought about doing that, but... I wasn't sure I could make it all the way back on my own, and I was more afraid of getting lost...
Misaki: Y-yeah, it'd be terrifying to have no idea where you are on an island you know nothing about...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, what's wrong? You two don't look very happy.
Kanon: Th-that's because I'm scared...
Kokoro: The reason you feel that way is that you keep thinking about scary things. All your fears will go away if we talk about something fun.
Hagumi: Okay, let's think about what the pirate treasure could be!
Kaoru: Splendid idea. After giving it some thought, I suppose I would say that something fleeting would be the greatest treasure of all... I believe it's a secret garden where the most elegant of flowers bloom.
Kokoro: I'd love for it to be something fun! I'm sure whatever it is made the pirates smile! That's why they held it so dear to their hearts!
Kokoro: It's probably a shiny acorn, or a towel that smells nice, or some kind of sweet treat... Something like that, no?
Kanon: Uhhh, we're talking about pirate treasure, right...?
Misaki: What exactly do you all think pirates are like?
Kokoro: Okay, what do you think it is then, Misaki?
Misaki: Wouldn't it be gold?
Kokoro & Hagumi: Gold...
Kokoro: I guess that's sparkly, but it's not really that interesting.
Hagumi: I hope it's something more exciting than that.
Kaoru: Misaki, let your imagination flow freely. It is only then that you'll encounter a truly marvelous treasure created by your mind.
Misaki: I suppose I don't know what it is to dream. Sorry.
Kanon: ... Hm? H-hey, you guys?
Hagumi: What is it, Kano-chan-senpai?! Wait, did you find the treasure?!
Kanon: No, it's not about that... I think we just entered a big, open space.
Kokoro: Hmm, it does seem that way. It's too dark to tell though.
Kaoru: Simply shine your lights toward th-... Huh?
Misaki: What happened, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Nothing. I just thought I saw something movin-
Kaoru & Misaki: Wahhh!!
Hagumi: B-bats! Lots and lots of bats~!
Kanon: Fueee~...! They're coming this way!
Kokoro: So this was their house, huh?! Hello, Bat Ladies and Gentlebats! We're here looking for treasur-
Misaki: Are you seriously greeting them?! From their point of view, we're just trespassers trampling all over their territory!
Hagumi: Whoa, whoa! What do we do?! They're gonna eat us!
Kaoru: B-be calm! We must think rationally... I got it! We shall pretend to be whatever it is that bats are afraid of!
Kaoru: If we act as their natural predator, they should feel frightened and flee!
Hagumi: But what are bats afraid of?
Kaoru: Well... Good question. Kanon, do you happen to know?!
Kanon: D-don't put me on the spot! How am I supposed to know~?!
Misaki: This isn't the time for stupid questions!
Kanon: W-we have to run away...! Ah! There's a giant rock over there!
Kanon: What if we hide behind it until the bats settle down...?!
Hagumi: Good thinking, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kokoro: So we're playing hide-and-seek with them, right?! Alright, guys, make sure they don't see you!
(Black cut)
Kanon: ... I think the bats have finally relaxed.
Misaki: Looks like we got through that well enough. Still, I can't believe the moment we stepped into the cave, we ran into something like that...
Kanon: They were probably surprised when we turned our lights toward them. We're sorry, little bats...
Misaki: Is everyone okay?
Misaki: Do you all get it now? Do you understand how dangerous the inside of a cave can be? We should probably head back before something like that happens again.
Kokoro: Why would we do that? Playing with the bats was so much fun!
Hagumi: It caught me off guard, but it really had that feeling of adventure!
Kaoru: There's nothing to fear. As long as I am by your side, what is there to be afraid of?
Misaki: Not only was that scary, but you were freaking out too, Kaoru-san, just like any normal person would. Is it too much to ask that you guys learn something from this...?
Kanon: Ohhh, I don't know about this... If we keep going and something even more terrifying shows up, then what...?
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Misaki: (We won't be able to count on the three dummies anytime soon. I have to pull myself together here...!)
Misaki: It'll be okay. If something happens, I'll take care of it. Just make sure you don't stray too far away from me.
Kanon: Misaki-chan... Thank you. It's always so reassuring to be with you...
