event48-05 Chapter 4: The Pirate's Trap?!

After a long journey, they finally reach the end of the cave! But a trap lays in wait...!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pirate Cave?]

Kokoro: Hmhmhmm~♪ Mountains of treasure~♪
Kanon: Hey, Kokoro-chan. Could we slow down a little bit? Everyone's exhausted from walking...
Kokoro: Oh? I didn't even notice. Okay, we'll go at a relaxed pace.
Misaki: Thanks, Kanon-san. I was thinking of telling her, but I couldn't really find the energy...
Kanon: It's only natural, seeing as how we got lost and have been wandering around since we got through the tunnel.
Kanon: Ah, would you like some water? I have a few sweets with me too, by the way.
Misaki: I have to apologize... I said I would help you out, and you've been the one helping me the whole time...
Kanon: Don't worry about it. Whenever one of us is down, the other person should be there to pick her up.
Misaki: What I really wanna know is how you're not tired. From the moment we entered this cave it's been one stressful, spooky situation after another. I'd think you'd be mentally and emotionally drained.
Kanon: Y-yeah, but I'm always wandering around after getting lost, so I think I'm used to it.
Kanon: And yeah, there's been a lot to be afraid of, but that's not any different from my everyday life.
Misaki: No way. You're saying a normal day is as scary as exploring a cave?
Kanon: Hmm, I'd say getting lost or having a giant dog bark at me is about the same level of scary as this.
Misaki: Jeez, I can't imagine what it's like for her to feel scared...
Misaki: (Ah, that reminds me what Kokoro said to me...)
Misaki: (Kanon-san is always afraid, so she's used to the feeling. Then, when the time comes to act, she's completely fine...)
Misaki: Huh, that must be it...
Kanon: Something wrong?
Misaki: Oh, no. I was just thinking about how whenever something happens, you can behave rationally even though you're scared, while everyone else hesitates to do anything...
Kanon: Th-that's not true. Besides, Kokoro-chan knows how to keep it together more than I do.
Misaki: Sure, her behavior doesn't change, but she always does squat to help us...
Misaki: (Although, it's still pretty clear that she observes the people around her very carefully...)
Hagumi: ... Ah, it's a dead end!
Kaoru: We've already walked down every road we could while we wandered. Perhaps this is the final destination within the cave.
Kokoro: But there's no treasure here. There's nothing.
Misaki: Doesn't that mean this was never a treasure map to begin with? Or maybe someone already came and claimed it for themselves. Something like that...
Hagumi: Aww~! No way~!
Kaoru: A tragedy that takes you back to the misfortunes of Hamlet...
Kaoru: Still, we've got our fill of adventure. That is a valuable treasure hunt in and of itself.
Hagumi: Yeah, it was fun and all, but I'm pretty bummed about not finding anything.
Kokoro: Hmm~... Are you sure this is the end?
Kanon: What do you mean?
Kokoro: I think there's something beyond here. The map said, "The hill headed to the earth's pit," and we still haven't seen that yet.
Misaki: Ahh, yeah, it did say something like that. Maybe we already walked down it and didn't realize.
Kokoro: Maybe, but I wanna look around a little bit more.
Misaki: What? Still? C'mon, let's head back already. I'm telling you, you can look over that wall as many times as you want, but nothing's gonna happen. Now, time to-...
Kokoro: Hm?
Misaki: Kokoro?
Hagumi: She's gone.
Kanon: Huh? But she was just here...
Misaki: Yeah, and yet, here we are a second later without her...
Kaoru: Kokoro, where have you gone? Enough with the pranks. Come out, wherever you are.
Hagumi: Ohhh, she's not answering~!
Kanon: Wh-what do we do? She disappeared...!
Kaoru: Could it be that she was taken away by one of the pirate's traps...?
Kanon & Hagumi: What?!
Misaki: L-let's just tell the suits...!
Misaki: Where's my phone...? Aw man, I have no service!
Hagumi: O-okay, then we have to go back to the house! We can sprint there and let them know what happened!
Kanon: N-no...!
Misaki: Kanon-san...?
Kanon: If she's in trouble, we can't waste time by going back...! We have to hurry up and rescue her...!
Kanon: I'm pretty sure she was touching the wall, right...?
Kaoru: Halt, Kanon! That's dangerous! They've set a trap there!
Kanon: I-I'm scared, but... I have to help Kokoro-chan!
Kanon: Kya!
Hagumi, Kaoru & Misaki: Kano-chan-senpai! Kanon! Kanon-san!
Kanon: Fueee~...
Hagumi: The ground swallowed Kano-chan-senpai!
Kaoru: A pitfall...? Misaki, Hagumi, we must investigate the wall, at once!
Misaki: Y-yeah! On it!
