event48-06 Chapter 5: Where'd They Go?

Kokoro and Kanon disappear, and the girls give chase. What will they find at the end of the pitfall...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pirate Cave?]

Kanon: Ngh, wh-what happened...? Where am I...?
Kokoro: Welcome, Kanon! So you decided to join me!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan! A-are you okay? Are you hurt?!
Kokoro: Nope, not at all! In fact, I'm in a great mood after going down that slide!
Kanon: Huh? What slide...?
Kokoro: It was when the ground opened up and I fell through! There was a slide that led to here!
Kokoro: What a fun trick they set up! This cave is just wonderful!
Kanon: That's how you thought of it, huh? I guess I was literally sliding... Except I had to close my eyes because I was scared...
？？？: Wahhh!!
Kanon: G-guys...!
Misaki: Urgh, get off, you two... You're heavy...
Kaoru: My apologies, Misaki. First, I must ask that Hagumi cease being on top of me...
Hagumi: Ohhh, the world is spinning~.
Kokoro: You three got on the slide together? That sounds fun! Let me join!
Misaki: Stop. That's not what's going on here. We just all fell into the pitfall at the same time...
Misaki: ... Wait, Kokoro! Kanon-san! Thank goodness you two are okay...!
Kanon: Mhm, we're both fine.
Kaoru: Now for our next dilemma. Where are we...? It seems to be a room of sorts...
Hagumi: Whoa! Look at that wall...!
Kokoro, Misaki, Kaoru & Kanon: ...?!
Hagumi: What is it?! A monster?!
Kanon: N-no, not a monster. Isn't it a dinosaur fossil...?
Misaki: Even so, it's still absurdly large. You can even tell what the whole thing looked like.
Kokoro: Yeah, I've never seen one this big before!
Hagumi: Wow! Wow, wow, wow! So the treasure was a dinosaur fossil!
Kaoru: So basically, this is what the pirates were keeping hidden... Is that it?
Misaki: No, I'm pretty sure they have nothing to do with this...
Kanon: But the map did point out this spot, didn't it? I wonder who would make something like that...
Misaki: Hmm~, a mystery to be sure... Wait, hold on. I can see light coming from over there. Is it a way out?
Hagumi: It is! It's covered up by some grass, but... Ah! Yep, we can get out through here!
Kaoru: Feast your eyes on that immaculate mansion before us... Isn't that Kokoro's vacation house?
Kokoro: I had no idea there was an opening to a cave back here!
Misaki: What?! We could've just gone in through this way! We wouldn't have had to go through all that trouble...
Kanon: It sure was a tough trip...
Kokoro: When you think about it like that, we're really lucky!
Misaki: Huh? And why is that?
Kokoro: Because! Going in through the far entrance allowed us to have a lot of fun!
Kokoro: It's because of that that we were able to create such wonderful memories!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan sure enjoyed herself.
Black Suit: Congratulations on completing your journey, everyone.
Kanon: The suits...?! How come you're all coming out of the cave?
Hagumi: It turns out they secretly followed us the whole way.
Misaki: As soon as you fell into the pitfall, Kanon-san, they came running along.
Kaoru: They accompanied us in case any unforeseen events occurred.
Black Suit: Our apologies for the delay. We should have immediately come to Kokoro-sama's rescue.
Misaki: Nah, don't worry about it. Everyone came out fine. All's well that ends well, right?
Hagumi: Hey, so what are we gonna do with the dinosaur fossil?!
Kaoru: There's no denying how fleeting that treasure is, but it's somewhat large for the return trip.
Kanon: M-mhm. It's actually an amazing discovery. I think we should have someone investigate first.
Black Suit: We shall make the necessary arrangements.
Kokoro: Now that our journey was a success, we can head back to the house! All that adventuring has made me hungry!
Hagumi: Me too! My tummy's been all rumbly for a while now~!
Misaki: I can't believe they have so much energy left after all that...
Kanon: Ahaha, I know, right...?
