event48-02 Chapter 1: To the Adventure!

The girls arrive at the southern island and rush to begin the search!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Happy Happy Island]

Hagumi: Whoa, the ocean's so pretty~! And look at the color! I've never seen anything like it before!
Kaoru: A delightful blue sky with sunny rays shining down and lifting us up from our slumber... A truly fleeting island.
Kokoro: I'm glad you like it! This wonderful place is filled with all kinds of fun stuff!
Kokoro: It's too bad Michelle couldn't come with us.
Kaoru: Once duty calls, the decision is out of our hands. We shall share with her all of the fabulous memories we made when we get back.
Kokoro: Yeah! And we'll buy her lots and lots and lots of souvenirs!
Misaki: Sigh, I can't believe we're actually here...
Kanon: A-ahaha, you can say that again...
Misaki: And all we had to do is hop on the private jet to get here in an instant. I suppose that's what you'd expect when dealing with Kokoro...
Kanon: That part really took me by surprise... But it's not every day you get to come to a southern island. We could end up having a good time.
Kanon: For example, look at this pretty seashell I found earlier. Oh, maybe there are some rare jellyfish around here...
Misaki: Uhm, Kanon-san... I know you're excited about being on this island, and I completely understand that, I do...
Misaki: I mean, yeah, this place is great. That house they have here is absolutely mind-blowing. This could be the perfect spot to spend your days off.
Misaki: However, you do realize they're set on having an adventure, don't you? I don't think we're gonna be having that southern-island vacation you see in the brochures this time around.
Kanon: Yeah, I think you're right about that... I hope nothing scary happens during the treasure hunt...
Misaki: It'd be even better if we find nothing. Then we can have a nice day of relaxation.
Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon~! This way! The spot on the map with the "X" is over here!
Misaki: Sigh, to think you could get so worked up when you don't even know if that map is the real deal...
Kokoro: Huh? But this is a real treasure map!
Misaki: Okay, and what makes you so sure of that?
Kokoro: The suit people translated the writing on here for me! That's how I know!
Kanon: Oh? What did it say?
Kokoro: Well, it was something that sounded really pirate-y!
Misaki: That tells us absolutely nothing about what it says!
Kokoro: Hmm~... Ah, that's right! I was given a note about it! Yep, here you go!
Kanon: Let's see... "Resting in the depths of Happy Happy Island, beyond the void of darkness, through the tunnel of terror, and at the end of the hill headed to the earth's pit... That is where our treasure lies."
Hagumi: Wow! There's gotta be pirate treasure, for sure!
Kokoro: I know, right?! I bet it's something amazing, too!
Misaki: Sure, it does sound that way... Wait, it's actually real? No no no, that can't be right...
Kanon: Th-the message sounded kind of scary. Are we sure it's okay to be doing this...?
Kaoru: Fufu, it's the very least we require in order to have ourselves a fascinating adventure.
Kokoro: Alrighty, the "X" is telling us to go to that beach over there! C'mon, let's go already!
Hagumi: Yeah! I'll bring back some treasure as a souvenir for my dad and the others~!
Kanon: Ah, w-wait~!
(Black cut)

[Happy Happy Island - Beach]

Kokoro: Here we are~! This should be where the "X" was leading us!
Hagumi: Huh? We're already here? We didn't pass through the darkness thingy or the tunnel though.
Kokoro: Yeah, you're right. That wasn't an adventure at all...
Kanon: It is an old map. Maybe those things are no longer here. Thank goodness we didn't have to go to any of those spooky places...
Kaoru: We live in an ever-changing world. It is but that... Too bad you all could not bear witness to my fearlessness in the face of danger.
Misaki: I think we're fine with an uneventful ending...
Kokoro: Ah, look! There's a cave over there!
Kanon: A-a cave...?!
Misaki: Man, that looks like bad news, no question about it...
Kokoro: The map must have been marked to tell us where it is! I'm sure the treasure is in there!
Hagumi: It's finally time to start our journey! Now I'm really fired up!
Misaki: What?! You actually plan on going in there?! It's clearly dangerous!
Kaoru: What is an adventure without danger? It shall be a thrilling, spectacular experience.
Kokoro: Don't worry! As long as we're all together, we can get through anything!
Hagumi: Mhm! Nothing to be afraid of when we've got each other!
Kaoru: Now, my princesses, let our amusement-filled adventure begin.
Misaki: Or not! If that's actually a pirate's hideout, there could be traps and st- H-hey! Come back!
Kanon: Fueee, they're really going inside the cave...
Misaki: Oh my-! Ugh! Why don't those three dummies ever listen to anyone~?!
