event48-01 Opening: The Treasure Map

Hello, Happy World! gathers at Kokoro's house. They begin looking for props to use at their next concert, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Check it out! I had this stuff brought out of storage!
Kanon: Y-your family had all of this stuff stored away...?!
Kokoro: Bingo! You got it! There's still a bunch of stuff left, but none of it could get into this room, so we went with this for now!
Hagumi: A framed picture, a shiny vase... There are so many things!
Kaoru: An extraordinarily magnificent collection. There's no doubt that we will find the thing we seek among it.
Misaki: Uhhh, we're here to think of different props we might be able to use for our show, aren't we?
Kokoro: Uh-huh! And we have so many things in the storehouse, I thought we should bring some of them here. What do you think?
Misaki: I mean, yeah, I would call this 'many things', but... I'm not sure that this is the type of stuff we should be using.
Misaki: You'd pretty much never find any of this at the average person's house. They're all pieces of art and antiques...
Kanon: I may just be imagining this, but isn't that painting in one of our art textbooks...?
Kokoro: Don't worry your pretty little heads about it! It's just a bunch of stuff that no one's using anyway!
Kokoro: Besides, I bet the things here would be happier if someone did something with them!
Hagumi: Hey, Kokoron! Do you think we can make this jumbo vase part of the show? I imagine it'd be all sparkly on stage. It'd be so cool!
Kokoro: That's a wonderful idea! And what about if I appear from inside it and surprise everyone?!
Misaki: The only way I see that ending is with a shattered vase. Maybe we shouldn't...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan does move a lot during our performances.
Hagumi: In that case, I'll be one to jump out and amaze everyone!
Misaki: Different person, same result. I still think it's a bad idea.
Kokoro & Hagumi: Why's that?
Kaoru: Fufu, quite the worrywart, aren't we, Misaki? I suppose there's no way around it. Allow me. I shall rise from the antique.
Kanon: Maybe we should forget about the vase and move on...
Kokoro: This "prop" business sure is hard. So what kind of stuff can we use?
Kanon: I get the feeling that none of the things here fit into that category... Hm?
Misaki: Kanon-san? What's up?
Kanon: Huh? Oh, I was just wondering what this was. It looks like a map, but someone drew some sort of mark on it...
Kaoru: I wonder what it means. Do my eyes deceive me, or am I actually seeing a skull...?
Kokoro: Yeah... That must be it! It's a little funny looking, but it seems like that's what they were going for!
Kanon: I suppose this is the map for some sort of island? Either way, it's very old.
Hagumi: Ah! Take a look! There's an "X" drawn here!
Misaki: Hold on. A skull and an "X"...?
Hagumi: Oh! It's a pirate's treasure map!
Kokoro & Kaoru: A treasure map...?!
Hagumi: It has to be! I've seen it in a movie once!
Misaki: Oh, c'mon now! I thought the same thing for a sec', sure, but there's no way this is a-
Kokoro: Awesome! With this map, we can go on a treasure hunt!
Kaoru: A fantastical journey where we scour for a pirate's most prized possession... Ahh, how fleeting...
Hagumi: Wow! I'd love to go on an adventure!
Kokoro: Then it's set! We'll take the weekend to go on a hunt for treasure!
Kanon: What?! A-a treasure hunt...?!
Misaki: St-stop, wait, time out! First of all, words like 'journey' and 'adventure' tell us basically nothing!
Misaki: Second of all, that's not something a group of high-school girls can do... Besides, you don't even know if that map is real!
Kokoro: Don't we figure out what we can and can't do by trying?!
Kokoro: And the map is marked! That means there has to be something amazing there!
Misaki: Th-there it is. That scary power of hers to behave as if she lives in her own reality... O-okay, but you don't know where that island is, do you?
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, no... Where, oh where could you be, little island?
Hagumi: There's some stuff written here. Does that help at all?
Kaoru: You're correct in that regard. However, the characters are none that I've ever seen.
Misaki: And since you can't read it, you can't go, now can you? Now, if we could just give up on trying to g-
Black Suit: You'll have to pardon my interruption. I believe that is a map of Happy Happy Island.
Kaoru & Hagumi: Happy Happy Island...?!
Black Suit: I am certain of it. The map was purchased on the island at an antique fair by your father. If I recall correctly, you accompanied him during that trip, Kokoro-sama.
Misaki: And here I was trying to get her to move on. Why would they give her the answer...?
Kanon: I forgot they were even here...
Kaoru: Do you know of this location, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Yep, I know it very well! This is the southern island where we have our vacation home!
Hagumi: A vacation home on an island...! Wow!
Kokoro: I'm glad it's an island I know! We should stay at my place there over the weekend and have our hunt!
Kaoru: A fabulous suggestion, Kokoro. Ahh, I can see it now. My bosom, bursting with excitement from a most fleeting occasion...!
Hagumi: Yay~! We get to go to a southern island! I can't wait!
Misaki: Sigh, the fire's been started. There's no stopping this blaze now.
Kanon: I-I'm sorry. This only happened because I found the map...
Misaki: No, it's not your fault, Kanon-san. This is pretty much my fate, I'm sure...
