event48-07 Ending: Records of Adventure

Looking at the photos, the girls remember their adventure. What awaits them at the end of their journey?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: Look at this! I printed photos from our time at Happy Happy Island!
Misaki: Wow, there's so many. I thought you were just taking some here and there, not everywhere.
Kaoru: They're all breathtaking. My fleeting and radiant beauty is clear as day in all of these.
Kanon: Fufu, I can remember everything from that day just by looking at them.
Hagumi: Mhm! I know it was a bit of a bumpy ride, but all of the memories we made are wonderful!
Hagumi: And Kano-chan-senpai was super cool!
Kanon: Huh? I-I was? I had to try so hard just to keep up with you all, and I didn't even do anything...
Hagumi: What~?! That's not true! You were the very first one to try and help Kokoron!
Kaoru: As they say, actions speak louder than words. Behind those fear-filled eyes, I could sense the most powerful of spirits.
Misaki: Yep. You were the bravest member of the group.
Kanon: Y-you... think so? That's hard for me to see from my point of view...
Hagumi: I'm telling you, you were the coolest! It felt like you were our senpai back there!
Kanon: But I've always been your senpai...
Kaoru: ... I just realized. Kokoro is nowhere to be found. Where could she have taken off to?
Misaki: Oh yeah, the suits called her over and she walked out. Wonder what that could be about.
Kokoro: Guys, I have something amazing to present to you all!
Misaki: Wow, that's one way to make your return...
Kanon: It was pretty sudden, yeah...
Kaoru: I believe this means I'm to expect something that'll make my heart flutter, correct?
Hagumi: Well, what is it?! Tell us, Kokoron!
Kokoro: You know how we found that dinosaur fossil the other day?
Kokoro: Afterward, these amazing people went and looked at it for us, and they said it's possible that the dino could be one that's never been seen before!
Kanon: One they've never seen...? Wait, you mean like a newly discovered species?!
Misaki: Th-that could actually be incredible...!
Black Suit: Evidently, that place was used for rituals by the islanders long ago. It was determined to have been a sacred space where the fossil itself was worshipped.
Black Suit: That being said, many, many years have passed since then, and the ritual area, along with the fossil, has long been forgotten.
Misaki: Basically, the holy land of Happy Happy Island...
Kaoru: Perhaps, someone decided to leave behind that map in an attempt to keep their cherished space from being lost.
Kaoru: We, then, discovered the map and brought that fossil back to light... The hands of fate are obviously at work.
Kokoro: Yeah. No one would know a thing about it if it wasn't for Kanon finding that map.
Kokoro: Which means, it's thanks to her that we made the discovery!
Kanon: I-I think that's a bit of an exaggeration...
Misaki: ... Oh, speaking of maps, I was wondering about something.
Hagumi: About maps? What is it?
Misaki: Well, there was a skull on it, right?
Misaki: And because of that, we were convinced we were looking for pirate treasure. However, the shape of it kept bothering me. It looks kinda weird.
Misaki: Maybe it was actually the skull of a dinosaur.
Hagumi: A dinosaur's...?
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, it does look like that! It's just like the one we found in the cave!
Kaoru: Now I see. 'Twas not the mark of a one-eyed bandit, but that of a prehistoric creature's remains.
Kaoru: ... On a related note, the discovery of a new species of dinosaur implies the naming of said dinosaur, no? I wonder what it shall become.
Kokoro: It needs a name?
Hagumi: Ah! Doesn't the person who found it get to choose?!
Kokoro: They do? That's absolutely wonderful!
Kokoro: What should it be? Happisaurus? Hello Happy-Rex would be a good one too!
Misaki: Uhhh, I'm pretty sure that's the rule for naming stars.
Kanon: Mhm. I've heard that you have to write a report in the case of dinosaurs.
Kokoro: Well, we can do that too then! We can't miss the chance to name our dino!
Hagumi: I'm with you! Let's start working on our report, guys! I'll do the drawings of the fossil!
Kaoru: Then I shall create a fleeting poem that sings praises of the creature. One so splendid that it makes our very souls tremble.
Kanon: I-I don't think that's what they mean when they say report...
Misaki: Sigh, this is gonna be an even bigger headache than the adventure was, isn't it...?
