event48-04 Chapter 3: Charm of Courage

The girls struggle as they press forward on their strange adventure. Suddenly, an eerie voice comes from the depths of the caverns...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Pirate Cave?]

Kokoro: C'mon, this way! Hurry, you don't wanna get left behind!
Misaki: H-hold on, Kokoro! It's so dark, we can barely see where we're going. Point your flashlight in the direction we're walking.
Kokoro: So we can watch our step, right?! Got it! How's this?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
All: ...?!
Kanon: Huh? Wait... Now there's no light at all...!
Kokoro: What happened? It won't go back on.
Misaki: The batteries must be dead- Ow!
Misaki: Hey, who did that...? It feels like someone just headbutted me...
Hagumi: I-I'm sorry, Mii-kun. I couldn't see anything... Oh man, my head is spinning...
Kaoru: We must all refrain from moving carelessly. The last thing I want to witness is my adorable little kittens being injur- Ah!
Kokoro: Oh? Sorry about that. I think I just stepped on something.
Kaoru: Th-that would be my foot, Kokoro. I understand that being apart from me is unbearable, but I must ask that we all remain still for a moment...
Misaki: Pretty sure if we don't solve this problem soon, someone's gonna get hurt... Ah, we brought some spare batteries just in case, right? Was it Hagumi who was carrying them?
Hagumi: Th-that's right! I do have them! Let's see, where did I put them...?
Hagumi: Ngh, it's too dark for me to see anything~!
Kanon: H-Hagumi-chan, just relax...! Uhm... O-oh, I know...! Give me a second!
(Background change)
Hagumi: Wow! So bright!
Kanon: It's the light from my phone. You should be able to see what you're doing with your hands now. How's this?
Hagumi: Mhm, that's perfect! Thanks, Kano-chan-senpai!
Hagumi: Alrighty, the back-up batteries are in! The flashlight should work now!
Kaoru: Indeed. You have my gratitude, Hagumi.
Hagumi: It's not me you should be thanking. It's Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: I-I was just lucky enough to come up with the idea. I'm just glad that no one got hurt.
Kokoro: Ah! Check it out! Looks like we can go farther into the cave through that hole in the wall!
Misaki: Yeah, it does go pretty far in. I gotta say, this cave is crazy huge...
？？？: Ooo~...!!
All: ...?!
Hagumi: A-a scary voice... What was that...?
Kanon: Fueee~, it came all the way from the other end of that hole... Maybe something's over there...
Misaki: That reminds me, the map did say something about a "tunnel of terror," didn't it? Maybe this is the place it was referring to...
Kaoru: That is quite likely. What could such a disturbing voice possibly originate from though...?
Hagumi: Th-this is just a guess, but... could it be the ghost of a pirate?
Kanon: A-a ghost?
Hagumi: Think about it. Has something that's alive ever sounded like that?
Kanon & Kaoru: ...!
Kokoro: Awesome! That means if we walk to the other end, we can meet Mister or Missus Ghost, right?!
Misaki: Hello, can you not sound so excited about it?! Us normal people usually choose to run the other way at the mention of a ghost!
Kokoro: Is there any reason to be so scared of it? They could end up being really nice!
Kokoro: They might even prepare some yummy treats and tea for us!
Misaki: If they were that 'nice', they wouldn't have chosen to haunt this place after they died.
Kokoro: We won't know until we go! Now, let's continue our journey!
Hagumi: Y-yeah. It should be fine if we stick together, right...?
Kaoru: P-precisely. If we walk in close proximity to one another, we should be able to deal with whatever we face...
Kanon: K-Kaoru-san? You're shaking. Are you okay...?
Kaoru: I'm trembling with excitement, as they say. After all, there may be a battle with a ghost lying in wait for us.
Misaki: Don't tell me she's afraid of monsters...
Kanon: I-I think she is, but she's trying to hide it.
Misaki: I wonder if she's alright...
Kanon: Hmm. Hey, Kaoru-san...!
Kaoru: Yes, Kanon?
Kanon: Would you like to join me and say the words that help us feel brave?
Kanon: I'm sure the ghost won't be as scary if we sing the words "Happiness, happy magical."
Kaoru: I-I see your point. While I do not find it to be particularly intimidating, I know you all do. Let us sing.
Kanon: Mhm, okay... Ready...!
Kanon & Kaoru: Happiness! Happy magical♪ Happiness! Happy magical♪
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai? Kaoru-kun?
Kokoro: Looks like they're having a blast! C'mon, Hagumi, let's sing too!
Hagumi: Yeah! Nice idea, Kokoron!
Kanon, Kaoru, Hagumi & Kokoro: Happiness! Happy magical♪ Happiness! Happy magical♪
Misaki: What in the world...? Well, I guess everyone does look like they're in a happier mood now...
Kaoru: Words that bestow courage. Magnificent. The fear of this ghost has been eliminated completely.
Kanon: Yeah, they've helped me in the past as well.
？？？: Ooo~...!
Kokoro: There's that voice again.
Hagumi: It happened at the same time as when the wind blew, didn't it?
Misaki: That means it's probably just the sound that's made when the wind moves through the tunnel, and it's similar to a person's voice.
Kaoru: Oh, is that it? I can't believe that I, of all people, did not realize.
Kanon: Phew, that's a relief. I was worried there might actually be a ghost.
Kokoro: It's too bad I won't be able to meet it, but it's nice to see that everyone is feeling better!
Hagumi: Alright, time to move forward! Go~!
