23_Ran Mitake_R3 No Hesitation

Gacha phrase: I hope this next song will show my feelings are true!

<Hot & Cold Ran>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ran-chan~!
Ran: Tsugumi? Everything okay?
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, today, you were so cool!!
Tsugumi: I just had to tell you that...
Ran: ... Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: It's like... Your true feelings came through your singing and playing more than usual, and I could tell you were giving it your all for the band.
Tsugumi: Also, when I was watching you today, you seemed even more confident. It felt like we could really count on you.
Ran: ... Tsugumi, I think you're exaggerating.
Tsugumi: No, I'm not! It's true!!
Tsugumi: I know because I'm always trying to catch up, always behind. And because I aspire to be like you... and everyone else in the band!
Ran: Like me?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I've been watching you for a while.
Tsugumi: You're always cool, but when the show starts, you're more passionate than anyone else.
Tsugumi: And it's because of that passion that everyone else gets excited and starts to come together...
Tsugumi: I think that that's something really cool about you.
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: That's why I want to work hard and be just like you!
Tsugumi: I think everyone has so many things they're awesome at. Just full of things I can learn from.
Tsugumi: It makes me really happy to be in a band with you all…!
Tsugumi: Yeah! Today, you took another step forward, but I'm not that far behind!
Tsugumi: No, being behind isn't good enough. I want to be standing right next to you guys so we can grow together! Yep! I'll do everything I can.
Ran: …Hehe.
Tsugumi: Ah! S-sorry...! I got carried away again, didn't I?
Ran: Charging forward with a goal in mind... I think that's what's awesome about you. You do it better than anyone else.
Ran: And when I see you like that, I get fired up, too.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...!
Ran: I won't be beat. Let's keep giving it our all tomorrow, the same as always.
Tsugumi: Okay! Let's do it together, Ran-chan!


<Amazing Sound>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

Ran: ... *phew* That was the same as always.
Ran: ...
Ran: ... Do you need something?
Ran: You've been looking right at me for a while now.
Ran: ... You liked how I sang today?
Ran: That's all you wanted to tell me?
Ran: Hmph...
Ran: It was just the same as always, you know?
Ran: But I guess if you think it was good, then I suppose it was.
Ran: I don't really care about whether it was good or bad, so it doesn't mean much to me.
Ran: ... I'm not weird.
Ran: You're the one who came all the way over here just to share your opinion...
Ran: I can't help it, I really just don't have any interest in that side of things.
Ran: ... So what is it that I care about...?
Ran: Well...
Ran: ...
Ran: I-I'm not blushing! I was just thinking about what to say!
Ran: Look, either way I'm just not interested in how good I am.
Ran: I'm happy as long as I can keep playing music with the others.
Ran: I didn't get into music just for the sake of becoming a great singer or anything.
Ran: I don't want to be famous, or get rich from it either.
Ran: Tsugumi said we should do it, everyone else said yes...
Ran: And then I said yes as well.
Ran: Every since then I've been practicing until late at night, having convenience store dinners...
Ran: During class I rap my fingers on my desk to toughen them, or secretly practice my chords...
Ran: The sunsets we see together are so beautiful...
Ran: I like all of this stuff, and that's why I'm keeping at it.
Ran: It's these things that are important, not my skill levels.
Ran: ... I suppose you could think of it more like a hobby.
Ran: So that's how it is, I guess. We'll keep doing the things we like, as much as we like.
Ran: If we can do so on the stage, then that's good in it's own way too…
Ran: It's only just recently that I've been able to really feel this way.
Ran: You've heard of Girl Jam, right?
Ran: Well, just think of it as a kind of band event.
Ran: I stood on the stage at Girl Jam.
Ran: It was surprsingly...
Ran: No, not surprisingly. It just felt good.
Ran: Being on the stage with everyone...
Ran: Expressing the things I wanted to say through our songs.
Ran: It might not be anything special, but...
Ran: It was a good experience for me.
Ran: I can't talk to people like Himari does, and I can't say what I think or feel like Tomoe can.
Ran: I'm not positive like Tsugumi, and unlike Moca I have trouble trying to just be me.
Ran: But when I was on the stage at Girl Jam...
Ran: When I was up there, I was able to release everything I felt through our songs.
Ran: I was able to put it all out there.
Ran: To be honest, looking back on it now, I don't think I did it very well.
Ran: But I do think that our music that day was the best it's ever been.
Ran: So more than improving my skills, I just want to enjoy this with everyone...
Ran: And even if it's just a little bit a time, I want to keep conveying what we feel.
Ran: Through our music, you know?
Ran: ... What's with that face you just made?
Ran: ... You're surprised at how much I think about them?
Ran: That just gets on my nerves...
Ran: Why? Why else?
Ran: You said you liked how I sang today, but you don't even know how I feel.
Ran: In case you haven't realized, you're part of...
Ran: ... Just forget it.
Ran: But instead, don't suddenly quit on us or anything.
Ran: If you like my voice... If you like our music, then watch over us.
Ran: I promise that one day you'll feel it.
Ran: You'll feel what we're trying to tell you.
