127_Ran Mitake_R3 Evening Memory

<True Feelings>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Moca: Phew, I'm beat~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, good work today.
Moca: You too~... Huh? Where's Hii-chan and Tomo-chin~?
Tsugumi: They went out to buy drinks.
Moca: Oh, okay. And Ran?
Ran: ...♪
Moca: Still singing.
Tsugumi: Mhm. I went to get her, but she said she was going to practice some more.
Tsugumi: But she was here first thing in the morning and before any of us... I wonder if her throat will be okay...
Moca: Hmm~. Yeah, she should probably take a break soon~.
Moca: Ran~. Give it a rest already~.
Ran: I'm okay.
Moca: No, you're not~. Look, even Tsugu is worried about you. What's gonna happen if you lose your voice from all that singing?
Tsugumi: Y-yeah! Ran-chan, knowing when to take a break is part of rehearsal!
Moca: Ran~. You should follow in her Tsugurific footsteps~.
Tsugumi: ... Ran-chan, please! Take a break!
Ran: ... Sigh. Fine.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan said she'll bring you a drink.
Ran: Okay.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, that was really intense. You were singing the same part, over and over…
Ran: I'm kinda stuck there. I can't seem to get it down.
Tsugumi: Hmm~...
Tsugumi: I know! Why don't you try singing with a smile on your face?
Tsugumi: It's an upbeat, happy song, so changing your facial expression might help you get it right!
Ran: But I can't just smile because I'm told to...
Tsugumi: Come on, you can smile like that one time! And like the other day!
Moca: That one time? The other day? ... Tsugu, are you talking about when we listened to the first CD we ever recorded~?
Tsugumi: Mhm! When Ran was smiling that day, she looked so happy.
Moca: Oh, yeah~. You might be right. It was one of those rare moments when Ran was actually saying how she felt~.
Moca: "I'm proud of this song... and all of you, too. And I'll continue to be... for a long time."
Ran: M-Moca!
Moca: Don't be so embarrassed. Everyone was glad to see you like that~.
Ran: Who said I was embarrassed...?!
Moca: You're a lot cuter when you're smiling than when you're angry~.
Ran: ...!!
Tsugumi: O-okay, okay guys. Ran-chan, just relax.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, don't say things that you know will make her mad.
Moca: You say that, but you were happy too~.
Tsugumi: Well...
Tsugumi: ... Yes. I was. I like to hear how Ran-chan is feeling.
Ran: You too, Tsugumi...?
Moca: If only you were that honest all the time~... Oh, but I guess you could never do that, it'd be too unlike you...
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: M-Moca-chan. No more.
Moca: Yes ma'am~.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan... Ignoring what Moca-chan said, you're still really cute, and I think it'd be better if you just smiled a little more!
Tsugumi: And I'd like to see you sing that song the same way.
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: I'm sure everyone feels the same. Right, Moca-chan?
Moca: Mhm, that's right~.
Ran: ... Looks like break time is over.
Tsugumi: Huh?! But Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan aren't back yet.
Ran: Doesn't matter. C'mon, let's go.
Tsugumi: W-wait, Ran-chan! Hold on~.
Moca: Sigh... Oh, Ran. So easy to read when she's embarrassed~.


<Proud Of Everything>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

Ran: Mmhmhmm♪
Ran: ... Huh?
Ran: How long have you been standing there? I didn't even notice you.
Ran: No, there's no rehearsal today. I think that's tomorrow.
Ran: Oh, you're headed to the studio? Working hard as always.
Ran: What was I humming? Oh... So you heard that...
Ran: It's the first song my band created. The other day, Himari brought a CD with her to practice.
Ran: It's not something we recorded recently. We did it way back... In middle school, as our first track.
Ran: Because she had it, we ended up listening to it together... But I was against the whole thing.
Ran: Why? Think about it... It's so embarrassing... And we still ended up playing the CD...
Ran: ... Do you even have to ask how it was? The only thing that was going through my head was, "This is awful."
Ran: I don't know if the mistakes stood out or if it was just a recording of mistakes...
Ran: I think everyone had the same reaction. Kinda like, "Is this really us?"
Ran: I can't believe we were so confident when we recorded that CD...
Ran: But I guess that just means that we've all gotten a lot better.
Ran: ... You know, I'm actually really proud of that song.
Ran: We went through so many things before we could play it... and before we started our band.
Ran: If it wasn't for them, I don't know where I would be now.
Ran: You want to know what happened...?
Ran: ...
Ran: ... It's not really something I like to talk about.
Ran: But I guess... it might be okay to tell you.
Ran: To keep it simple, I went through a bunch of stuff... And I stopped going to class.
Ran: What's "a bunch of stuff"...? In our second year of middle school, I was put into a class by myself, away from my friends.
Ran: Up until then, I had spent all my time with the same four girls, so I had a hard time getting used to the new class.
Ran: Not to mention, these students said I looked scary and hard to talk to.
Ran: But I thought if I told people how I was feeling, they would think my reasons were stupid, so I didn't know what to do...
Ran: Oh... You don't think they were stupid? ... I see. Thanks.
Ran: I was having such a struggle, I started writing poems on the roof as an escape from everything.
Ran: But the other girls really helped me out during that time.
Ran: They gave me a place where I felt comfortable, where I belong... The band.
Ran: We formed Afterglow, practiced on the roof and made our own song...
Ran: The sunset we watched that day was beautiful...
Ran: The reason I said I'm proud of that song is that it helped me overcome those hard times.
Ran: And of course, I wouldn't have been able to do that without their help.
Ran: That's why I'm proud not just of the song, but of my friends, too.
Ran: ... Why are you looking at me like that? I have the happiest smile on my face...?
Ran: The day we listened to that song, everyone was saying the same thing, but it really threw me off...
Ran: I mean, I can smile too, sometimes...
Ran: ... But the reason I'm able to smile is that they were all there for me.
Ran: If we can keep playing and smiling...
Ran: ... Wait, what am I talking about? I think you've heard a bit too much.
Ran: ... Don't mention anything you heard today to the others.
Ran: Why? ... Isn't it obvious?
Ran: If they knew I was saying this kind of stuff, they would make fun of me.
Ran: So you better not say anything, okay?
