291_Ran Mitake_R4 The Grand Night Sky

Gacha phrase: ... You know, this is really embarrassing...!

<First Time Parting Ways>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Himari: We're pretty good when we put our minds to something, huh~? That song we did for Pastel＊Palettes turned out pretty awesome♪
Himari: You're amazing, Ran! I really mean it!
Moca: Hii-chan. Ran has always been amazing~
Ran: ... Okay, okay, I get it.
Tsugumi: It felt like this was the first time in ages that we all worked together to write a song, huh? It was really fun~.
Tomoe: True, these days Ran has been writing most of the music and our lyrics.  It's definitely fun doing it as a group, huh?
Himari: I hope  Pastel＊Palettes likes our song.  I can't wait to see their reactions tomorrow~♪
Tsugumi: And the staffs' as well, remember?
Ran: Then let's make sure we record the best performance we can today.
Himari: Yeah, of course!
Moca: But, you know~, I just can't imagine Aya-san singing classic rock no matter how hard I try~.
Himari: I have to admit, I'm the same~.
Himari: I think the song itself is really good, but when I think about Pastel＊Palettes style...
Ran: But we decided we'd do things our way. I think it totally brings out what we are.
Tomoe: I think so too.
Tsugumi: Yeah! I agree!
Moca: Hii-chan~, have you already forgotten how you said we have to be us~?
Himari: What~? You started this whole thing about not being able to imagine them playing our song~!
Moca: Hrm~, I did~?
Himari: Hmph~!
Ran: The fact that I can't imagine Aya-san singing it is the reason I'm excited about seeing how she'll approach it.
Tsugumi: Pastel＊Palettes doing classic rock...  This is going to be really interesting.
Ran: Yeah... Okay, let's start recording.
Moca: Roger~. Hii-chan, time to set up~.
Himari: Okay! Is it fine like this over here?
Ran: Yeah, that should work.
Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe: What's the matter, Tsugu? You look like something is bothering you.
Tsugumi: I just started to feel sad all of a sudden.
Moca: Sad? What's up, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: If we take this data to the agency tomorrow and they like it, it's not going to be our song anymore, right?
Himari: ... Oh, now that I think about it, you're right! Oh man, I didn't even consider that...!
Tsugumi: When I started thinking about how today might be the last day we can proudly say that this is our song, I just started to get this lonely feeling...
Ran: Yeah... you're right... I guess this is it. Today's our last day with this song...
Tomoe: This feeling... This is a new one for me.
Tomoe: I might be being dramatic here, but... I wonder if this is what it'll feel like when Ako grows up and goes off to do her own thing.
Himari: H-hey, what are you talking about?! That won't happen! Ako-chan's always gonna want to be around you!
Moca: True~. I can totally imagine that~.
Tomoe: ... You're right, hahaha! That's probably how it's gonna be.
Himari: I-if that's the case, we should just keep singing this song!
Himari: There's plenty of musicians that write a song for someone else, but still play it themselves, you know?!
Tsugumi: ... Y-yeah, I think you're right! We wrote this song, after all! We can still sing it, can't we?!
Himari: Of course, we can! I don't want to say goodbye to our song!
Moca: You're a lonely one, aren't you Hii-chan~. I kinda wanna keep playing it too though~.
Tomoe: Yeah! We're gonna give this to  Pastel＊Palettes, but that doesn't mean  it's not our song anymore!
Tomoe: ... Right? You think so too, don't you Ran?
Ran: ... Yeah, I do. And besides...
Ran: It's been our song this far... and it always will be no matter what anyone says.
Himari: Yeah!
Ran: Okay... Let's start the recording. Is everyone ready?
Ran: Let's make sure we have no regrets.
Moca: Moca-chan's ready to go~.
Tsugumi: Me too! I'm ready!
Tomoe: Okay! Let's do this!
Himari: Yeah! Okay, time for the usual thing, you guys! On three... Hey, hey, hoh~!
All (ex. Himari): ...
Himari: ... Come on guys, you've gotta say it too~!
Ran: I think the song itself is really good,  but when I think about Pastel＊Palettes style...
Ran: ... Here we go.
(Black cut)


<The Power Of Song>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Ran: ... Ah, hello.
Ran: ... Yeah, I'm about to have a rehearsal with the others.
Ran: I got here a little earlier than everyone else, so I was just sitting here staring into space and thinking about things...
Ran: Huh?  I don't think I have to tell you what I was thinking about...
Ran: ... Fine. Well, it's not like it's anything special. If you've got time then listen for a bit.
Ran: We wrote a song for Pastel＊Palettes the other day.
Ran: Hina-san sent me a text out of the blue asking about it...
Ran: We went to  Pastel＊Palettes' talent agency. One of the staff  there even came out to beg us to do it.
Ran: They talked about how they liked our music, saying that our larger-than-life lyrics were special.
Ran: I honestly didn't think that they'd give our music so much praise... Actually, I was just plain surprised.
Ran: We just play the music we like, in the way that we like, you know?
Ran: ... Yeah, in the end, we said yes and decided to do it.
Ran: But when it came to writing the actual song, we actually had a pretty rough time.
Ran: I mean, we've never written songs for anyone but ourselves, you know?
Ran: No, I didn't do it on my own. We wrote the song as a band.
Ran: Of course, we finished the song and we were happy with the quality of it.
Ran: Pastel＊Palettes and the staff at the agency really like it too.
Ran: I really never imagined we'd end up writing a song for them.
Ran: I think this thing made me put proper thought to the fact we have an audience, though...
Ran: When we were working on the song, we got to see one of  Pastel＊Palettes' stage lessons...
Ran: What can I say? ... They're really pros at what they do.
Ran: ... Huh? I mean, even when they are rehearsing they make sure to be conscious of the audience.
Ran: It made me think that they're aiming for something so different to us.
Ran: I mean, we have pride in a music and what we do, but we don't even think about trying to be popular.
Ran: And course, we're happy if the people that come to see us play enjoy our gigs, but...
Ran: When it comes down to it, the most important thing for us was having our group play music together. That's what counted for us.
Ran: ... I guess that kind of thing is what was larger than life.
Ran: But when I thought about that kind of thing, part of me started to feel scared...
Ran: ... I mean, I won't be able to sing these songs with the same emotions I do now when I'm not a high school student anymore.
Ran: Well, I guess the only reason I realized this is because we agreed to write that song.
Ran: Did you know that Pastel＊Palettes went through some serious stuff?
Ran: Pastel＊Palettes told us about what happened when  they were forming the band,  but... it was pretty dramatic.
Ran: And on top of that, they're not singing the songs that they want to sing, but songs that some adults want them to sing.
Ran: ... And yet, it didn't feel like they we doing it begrudgingly or anything.
Ran: If anything, it looked like they were having a lot of fun.
Ran: I guess that even the songs that they didn't have a choice in singing ended up growing on them.
Ran: I think songs have that kind of power over people...
Ran: I hope the song we wrote grows on them more and more in the same way, too...
Ran: And if it's possible...
Ran: I kind of think it'd be cool to jam with them someday.
Ran: ... Haha, we'll still do things our way if that happens, mind you.
Ran: ... Sorry, I've been talking forever.
Ran: The others should be getting here soon, and I kinda want to warm up ahead of them too, so...
Ran: Catch you later.
