398_Ran Mitake_R4 Unwavering Friendship

Gacha phrase: Alright, guys. You know what to do. Same as always.

<Donuts or Bread?>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tomoe: Oh, there she is! Yo~, Ran!
Ran: Hm...? Ah, hey. What's up?
Himari: Well~, none of us have to work or go to an after-school club meeting today, so we figured we'd all walk home together!
Ran: Yeah, okay.
Tomoe: Oh yeah. Ran, make sure to thank your dad for us, okay? You know, for bringing those treats to our last show.
Ran: It was his choice to bring them. No need to thank him for it.
Tsugumi: Because of those treats, though, we were able to put on a good show. I'd like for you to let him know that he can have something on the house at our shop next time he comes.
Moca: Speaking of~, you know how we had a bet? We were guessing whether or not he would bring buns or doughnuts. Which one did you choose again, Ran?
Ran: You're seriously still talking about that?
Moca: Well, you see~, I thought he would bring doughnuts, and Hii-chan thought he would bring buns, but~...
Himari: Remember what he actually brought this time? Bagels!
Ran: Wow~. What a turn of events.
Tomoe: So the two of them have been going back and forth about whether bagels count more as bread or as doughnuts...
Ran: What...? Who cares? Just pick one...
Tsugumi: Eating them reminds you more of bread, but just looking at them, they look more like doughnuts... I hadn't even thought about which one it'd be before.
Moca: Ran, this is an extremely important matter~. I hope you'll take this seriously~.
Himari: We were looking this up yesterday, and it says online that bagels are a type of bread.
Tomoe: I mean, yeah. That feels about right... Oh, I know! Should we ask Saya which one it is?
Moca: Aww~, but then we'll know the answer right away~. We have to make sure to think about this and come up with our own answer.
Moca: Most importantly, though, just look at a bagel. Clearly, a doughnut. It couldn't possibly be anything else.
Tsugumi: There are doughnuts without holes though, right?
Tomoe: That's true. So would we say that a doughnut has to be fried in oil?
Himari: ... If we did, then a bagel would have to be bread, like I said! You don't see bagels being fried in oil!
Moca: Jeez~, you just don't get it, do you, Hii-chan~? You're not supposed to think about how it's cooked~. You just take a look at it, and the thing it most looks like is a doughnut. That's the point~.
Himari: Wh-what are you talking about?! Hmph, you're trying to cheat, Moca~!
Tomoe: ... How exactly are we supposed to solve this?
Tsugumi: Wh-who knows...?
Ran: ... Actually, though. Who cares...?
Himari: Alright, then we have no choice but to take a vote! Raise your hand if you think bagels are a type of bread!
Tomoe: Hmm~... I think I'll have to go with bread...
Tsugumi: M-me too...
Moca: I raise both my hands for doughnuts. That's two votes~. Now we're tied~.
Ran: Nah, that's one vote... Also, does it even matter?
Moca: C'mon~, your vote decides it, Ran~.
Ran: Fine... If the bagels he brought had chocolate or something sweet like that in it, then they were doughnuts. If they had something salty, then they were bread... How's that?
Moca & Himari: Ahh~... Well...
Ran: What? Something wrong with that?
Himari: The bagels he brought were plain...
Tomoe: Ah... Yeah~...
Tsugumi: The forgotten plain bagel...
Ran: Plain...? Haha... Man, he really doesn't have a clue, does he? Maybe I really should tell him to stop bringing stuff.
Moca & Himari: N-no...!
Ran: Alright, I'll ask him to put a little more thought into what he gets then. Seriously, what am I gonna do with you guys...?


<What's on Marina's Mind?>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Ah! Ran-chan! Great show the other day!
Ran: Ah... Marina-san. Oh, {{userName}}-san is here too. Hey... Hold on, why are you two laughing?
Marina: A-ahaha... Sorry. It's just that recently we've been hearing some really strange yelling before your shows. We were wondering if something was up.
Ran: Wait, you can hear that all the way out here too...? And you've heard it before as well, {{userName}}-san?
Ran: Sigh... You can't be serious...
Ran: You can blame Tomoe. This routine of hers came out of nowhere. Says it gets her fired up and calms the nerves so that she can put on a good show. Something like that.
Marina: Oh, really? I heard that she plays the taiko at the downtown festival. Maybe this stems from that?
Ran: That's probably it. It's supposed to help loosen her up, but the rest of us are always on pins and needles. We never know when the yelling might start...
Ran: Really what happens is that we end up getting nervous instead. She says she wants this to become a thing, but no one else is down for it.
Marina: Fufu, Tomoe-chan sure doesn't back down, huh?
Ran: Can you two say something too, please? Ask her to stop doing it.
Ran: You don't wanna get into our band's affairs...? That's what you're going with? What a cheap way to get out of doing something.
Marina: Ahaha. By the way, what is she actually saying when she yells?
Ran: Uhhh... "Soi soi soi soi, soi-ya," I think? And now that I've said it, without the excitement, that sounded pretty awful. Th-this is getting embarrassing. Can we stop talking about it now?
Marina: Is it? Hmm~, alright... Oh yeah! There was one more thing related to Afterglow that I was wondering about!
Ran: Yeah? What was it?
Marina: During the last show, a middle-aged man came and talked to me. He said, "Thank you for always looking after Ran." Would that happen to be your dad?
Ran: ... Ngh. My father talked to you too? So, does that mean he spoke to you as well, {{userName}}-san...?
Ran: He did? And he does it every time...? Sigh, I wish he would cut it out.
Ran: Sorry about him... He loves getting in everyone else's business. He didn't say anything weird to you guys, did he?
Marina: No, not at all! In fact, he actually brought some treats for us staff members. That's why I asked. I wanted you to tell him we said hello and thank you!
Ran: He brought treats?! ...  Sigh... Don't be surprised when he's coming in here asking you to decorate CiRCLE with one of his flower arrangements.
Marina: Fufu, that would be quite the treat of its own.
Ran: Always sticking his nose where it doesn't belong... Well, I'll let him know what you guys said.
Ran: Then, I'll have to remind him how embarrassing he's being and tell him everything he's doing is uncalled for so that he'll stop... Sigh...
