409_Ran Mitake_R3 Octopus Towel

Gacha phrase: Moca, why did I get the octopus?

<How to Dry Off Driftwood>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Seaside Near Inoshima]

Tsugumi: Should we head back? The sun's almost completely set now...
Ran: Ah, actually, can we stay here just a little longer?
Tsugumi: What are you doing, Ran-chan? You've been combing the beach for a while now... Are you looking for something?
Ran: Yeah, driftwood.
Tsugumi: Oh, yeah. Now that you mention it, there is a lot around here. I was so busy looking at the sunset I didn't even notice.
Ran: There's a lot of different sizes here. Everything from big to small.
Tsugumi: And all different kinds of fun shapes too. Ah! Doesn't this one look like a guitar?
Ran: It does. If you just chiseled this part right here it would look exactly like a miniature guitar.
Tsugumi: I always thought driftwood and tree branches were kind of the same, but that doesn't seem to be the case at all.
Ran: Yeah, you can find driftwood in a lot of unique shapes if you look hard enough.
Tsugumi: With these two pieces, I bet I could make a photo frame!
Tsugumi: Oh, and then I could frame one of the pictures I took today! What do you think?
Ran: That's a good idea. Sounds like the perfect way to remember the day.
Tsugumi: I wonder if there's anything else I could use around here... I want to keep looking, but... it's getting pretty late.
Ran: We still have time, don't we? I want to grab a few more pieces anyway.
Tsugumi: Really? Then we can do it together! What kind of driftwood are you looking for?
Ran: I want something to use for a flower arrangement... I think it'd make the perfect accent piece. By adding something like driftwood to a motionless work, you can change the impression it gives...
Tsugumi: Wow, a flower arrangement with driftwood! That sounds amazing~! When you're finished, I'd love to see it!
Ran: Th-that's fine, if you have the chance... Although I'm not sure I could make exactly the kind of thing you're imagining.
Tsugumi: Maybe I can put something together using the driftwood even without flowers. I wonder if we could use it to decorate the café...
Ran: I think so. Driftwood would complement your place really well.
Ran: Ah, something like this would work. It's more rounded, giving it a softer feel.
Tsugumi: You're right! Aww, it's kinda cute. If you don't want it, I'll take it.
Ran: Yeah, you can have it. This one's a bit too wide to use for flower arranging anyway.
Tsugumi: Thanks! Alright, then I just have to dry it out and we can use it to decorate the café.
Ran: Ah, wait, you need to do more than that.
Tsugumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Ran: Driftwood isn't just wood drenched in seawater. It's been floating along for a while now, so there's all sorts of bacteria and stuff living in it.
Ran: If you just let it dry out, the wood might end up rotting...
Tsugumi: Really? I had no idea. You sure know a lot, Ran-chan.
Ran: ... I just learned from watching my father.
Ran: Before you use driftwood in a piece, you need to clean the surface, and then boil it.
Ran: The amount of time you need to boil the driftwood depends on how big it is... For that size, I'd say about an hour would be good.
Tsugumi: An hour?!
Ran: Yeah, but any longer than that and you might end up destroying the fibers, so you need to be careful.
Tsugumi: I see... That's pretty complicated. So after you boil it, then you just let it dry and it's done?
Ran: You can't just set it out to dry, either. If the wood doesn't dry all the way to its core, it could get moldy.
Tsugumi: ... You know, I figured I would just put together a nice, little art piece, but this sounds a lot tougher than I thought.
Tsugumi: I don't even know if I'll remember everything you just told me...
Ran: Why don't we do it together then? I have to treat the wood I'll be using anyway.
Tsugumi: You don't mind?! Thank you, Ran-chan! ... Oh, but that means... Fufu.
Ran: Wh-what?
Tsugumi: Sounds like you're still studying flower-arranging... I'm happy to hear that.
Ran: Wh-why?! I-I... I'm just doing it so I can keep playing music with you guys!
Tsugumi: Is that so...? Thank you♪
Ran: ... H-hey, don't you think this driftwood would look good in your shop?
Tsugumi: Fufu, yeah! I'll bring this one home too then♪


<The Picture Ran Took>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ran: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hey.
Marina: Ah, Ran-chan! Are you practicing in the studio today?
Ran: Yeah, but I got here a little too early, so I thought I'd hang out here while I wait.
Marina: Okay. There aren't many people here today, so feel free to relax.
Ran: Thank you... Uhm, by the way, do you use social media?
Marina: Technically, yes... but I don't post status updates all that often. You?
Ran: ... I figured you would say that.
Marina: Something wrong? That was a pretty random question.
Ran: Afterglow and I went to Inoshima the other day, and the entire time, Himari was going on and on about needing photos to post online...
Ran: And I don't really have a problem with taking pictures, especially since we were on a trip...
Ran: But in Himari's case, she was way too focused on taking pictures. She even let her pancakes get cold.
Ran: And at the dolphin show we went to, she was busy trying to get a good shot the whole time. She pretty much watched the entire thing through the lens of her camera.
Ran: Social media isn't really my thing, so I don't really get it...
Ran: To make matters worse, she kept puffing her cheeks at me and bugging me to take more pictures...
Marina: I can sort of understand where Himari-chan is coming from, though. You can't help but want to take a picture of tasty-looking food. Even I'll occasionally post things like that.
Ran: Oh, really? But you wouldn't let your food get cold for some pictures, would you?
Marina: I don't think I'd ever go that far... Does that mean you didn't take too many pictures in Inoshima?
Ran: I took a few. No pictures of food or anything like that, though.
Ran: Here's the view of the ocean from the pancake place... And this one is of all the souvenir shops.
Marina: These look great! They really show off the atmosphere of Inoshima.
Ran: I thought I should get some photographs of the scenery since we were there... Hm? What's so funny, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Oh, you're right. Good eye. They're all pictures of the scenery, yeah, but every single picture has the other Afterglow members in it as well.
Ran: Th-they just happened to be there when I took the picture...!
Marina: That's so nice. Even if it wasn't your intention, getting them in the photos is very like you, Ran-chan.
Ran: I-it's just a coincidence. Really.
Marina: Uh-huh. Sure is. Yep, a coincidence.
Ran: I-I told you..! Sigh... It's almost time. I'm gonna head to the studio to set up. See you guys later.
Marina: Okay~. Good luck with practice.
