436_Ran Mitake_R2 That Could Be Interesting

<Ran's Favorite Manga...>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Himari: Ah, the next volume of this series is out! Ah, and this one too!
Himari: Wow~! This has to be the first new volume in three years for this series! Finally~!!
Himari: Do I have the previous volume?! Let me go check!
Ran: Himari, aren't you getting a little carried away...?
Ran: ... Ah, this is that manga I borrowed from Moca.
Ran: Does she know the next volume's out?
Himari: Ran, thanks for waiting~! This book's really interesting, so I'll let you borrow it once I'm done, okay?!
Ran: Ah, sure. Thanks.
Himari: Oh! Isn't that the series Moca's collecting right now? Have you read it, Ran?
Ran: Yeah, Moca lent it to me. It was good, I guess...
Himari: Hm? Everything okay, Ran?
Ran: Ah, it's nothing... It was interesting enough, I just couldn't tell you why, or what I liked about it.
Himari: Well, if you thought it was interesting, isn't that good enough? Maybe I'll ask Moca if I can borrow it myself.
Ran: Yeah, but...
Himari: ... Ran?
Ran: ... Remember when everyone was talking about manga?
Ran: Listening to you guys, I realized I've never thought about what kind of manga I like or what I like about them...
Ran: So do I really have the right to say whether any of them are good or bad...? That's what I was thinking, anyway.
Himari: ... Seriously~? Is that it?
Ran: H-hey, what do you mean, 'is that it'?
Himari: Ran~, you're thinking too much! You're supposed to read manga for fun!
Ran: W-well, yeah, but...
Himari: ... Ah-ha... I get it. It's been bothering you because you were jealous, weren't you, Ran?
Ran: Jealous...? What are you talking about?
Himari: Think about it. We were all having so much fun talking about it, but you felt like you couldn't be a part of the discussion! That's why you're feeling the way you do~!
Ran: H-huh?!
Himari: I totally get it! When my sister has her friends over, there are times when I can't get in on the conversation either. I feel so lonely~!
Ran: Th-that's not it at all!
Himari: Oh please~, it's nothing to be ashamed of~!
Ran: I-I told you, that's not what this is about...!
Ran: I'm just saying it's kind of rude to the manga if I can't even tell you what I liked about it!
Himari: Come on~, didn't you hear me? You don't have to think so hard about this~. If you enjoyed reading it, that's all that matters!
Himari: And then, one day you might be able to find a manga that you really love.
Ran: I-I guess so...
Himari: Mhm, there you go! All you have to do is read a whole bunch of manga, and you'll figure out what you like!
Himari: Let's see~... How about one with a music theme?! There are tons of manga about bands and music schools out there!
Ran: Really? I've never read any of those.
Himari: Seriously? A lot of them have even been made into TV dramas and movies!
Himari: I think the best one would be~... Ah, perfect, it's right here. And they even have the newest volume!
Ran: Wow... I like the art style too.
Himari: Not only is the dialogue about music pretty amazing, but all the outfits the characters wear are super stylish!
Ran: Interesting. Alright, I'll give it a shot.
Himari: Yahoo~! I own every volume of this series, so if you want, you can borrow it from me!
Ran: Thanks. Could I borrow the first three volumes then?
Himari: You got it!
Himari: Oh~, I get the feeling music manga is gonna be perfect for you, Ran~! This was a great idea, even for me♪
Himari: Maybe someday our band will get made into manga~? A larger-than-life tale about a band spun from the lives of five childhood friends... or something like that!
Ran: ... Would you have Moca and Tsugumi do it?
Himari: Th-that's... probably not a good idea...
Ran: ... Agreed.


<A Bit Frustrating>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ran: Hey, {{userName}}-san. I wanted to rent out the studio. Yeah, for next week-
Yukina: ... {{userName}}-san. About our next concert- Hm? Mitake-san?
Ran: Ah, Minato-san.
Ran: ... Yup. You really would make a great upperclassman-type character.
Yukina: ...? I beg your pardon. I couldn't really hear you. Did you say something?
Ran: Ah, no, it's nothing.
Yukina: ... Really?
Ran: Yes, really. I wasn't-...
Yukina: ...
Ran: ... Hey, chill out. Don't stare at me like that...
Ran: ... Uhm, it really isn't a big deal, so don't get mad when I tell you this...
(Black cut)
Ran: ... And so when we were thinking up different story ideas, you showed up in one. I guess it just came to mind when I saw you.
Yukina: I see, so you were all writing manga... What part did I play?
Ran: It was... something that suits you perfectly.
Yukina: I'm... not exactly sure what that means...
Yukina: Either way, I'm impressed you were all trying to write a manga. It's not something I would ever even think to do.
Ran: Yeah, well, I didn't really do anything. I just sort of listened to everyone else's stories.
Ran: It was amazing watching them though.
Ran: Moca and Tsugu did most of the storytelling, and Himari and Tomoe kinda gave them a hard time, but they both came up with ideas and helped out too...
Ran: ... I was the only one who couldn't do anything... So I guess I was... a little... frustrated...
Ran: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Don't tell the others about this, okay? Especially Moca.
Ran: You too, Minato-san... Please.
