495_Ran Mitake_R4 Ever-Changing Sky

Gacha phrase: You might say our "same as always" is the same as the sky.

<A New "Same as Always">

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Restaurant]

Moca: Excuse me~, can I have a buttered roll and a baguette, please~?
Himari: Moca, you're gonna eat more?
Moca: Of course I am~, there's still so much space in here~. In fact, I've only just started revving up this engine.
Tomoe: That's impressive.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Good thing we came on the all-you-can-eat-bread day.
Moca: Thanks, guys~. I'm glad I put it on the schedule~.
Ran: ...
Himari: We even had rehearsal earlier for this. ... Ran? What are you doing?
Ran: Don't talk to me. You'll break my concentration.
Tsugumi: What happened? Maybe it's an emergency message?
Tomoe: She's got some intense eyebrow action going on...
Moca: "What is Ran doing?" Quiz number one~. I shall reward the winner with a free bun~.
Himari: I know! She's deciding what to write to her dad!
Tsugumi: Hmm~... Thinking of lyrics?
Tomoe: Maybe it's a mystery message from Hina-senpai or something like that.
Moca: Here's a curveball! What if she's doing nothing?!
Ran: Moca, shut up.
Moca: What~? Only me~...?
Ran: ... Cool, done.
Himari: Hm...? My phone just buzzed.
Tsugumi: Ah, Ran-chan! You took the time to update your calendar!
Tomoe: That's why you were so focused?! Ahaha!
Ran: I mean, I still don't really know how to use it.
Himari: Hmph, after I taught you and everything~.
Tsugumi: Mon: Home. Tue: Free. Wed: Home...?
Himari: Ugh~! It's too bare-bones, Ran~!
Ran: Oh, c'mon! ... Isn't it better if you can look at it and get the info right away?
Moca: What's the difference between being home and being free?
Ran: Home means that there's a meeting at my house... You know, a flower-arranging day. "Free" means I have time. In other words, I can join you guys for rehearsal or whatever.
Tsugumi: Y-you don't have to put anything on the calendar if you're free. If you do, it'll look like you're busy on that day...
Ran: Wait, really?
Himari: We usually put in plans for the five of us when a day's column is completely blank, so yeah...
Moca: And you were so close~...
Ran: This is just as hard as I thought
Himari: Well, this is fine for now! I can look at your schedule and find a day when everyone has time.
Ran: Okay... Thanks.
Tomoe: Still, we're just happy that you're filling in your calendar like this now.
Tomoe: Maybe this will become part of our new "same as always."
Tsugumi: Mhm, that's right. Fufu, I'm glad to see you do this...
Moca: Nice, huh, Ran? Thanks to you, we've got something else that can be part of our new "same as always."
Ran: Huh...
Ran: Our new "same as always"... Yeah, you're right.


<Together Forever>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Downtown]

Ran: Let's see... So on Tuesday and Wednesday-
Marina: Ah, Ran-chan! Hey there.
Ran: Oh. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hey.
Marina: All on your own today?
Ran: Yeah. Well... Tsugumi has a student-council thing to do, both Moca and Himari are working a shift at their job, and Tomoe has club activities.
Marina: I-I see... Leave it to such close friends to know each other so well.
Ran: Ah...
Ran: A-actually... I only know what everyone is up to because I was looking at this calendar on my phone...
Marina: Ohhh~, okay! Yeah, that sounds pretty convenient! I'm sure that makes it easy to figure out when to have a rehearsal day, huh?
Ran: Right. It's kinda hard to use though, and I'm still not used to it. Also, look at this.
Marina: Uhhh... "Today was a rough day on the job~! But the big boss complimented me!" ... This is part of the schedule?
Ran: That's the same thing I was thinking. It just makes everything harder to read...
Marina: B-but it is the kind of thing you'd expect from Himari-chan. It's probably fine. Have you girls been handling things like this for a while now?
Ran: Nah, this is a new thing.
Marina: Oh. Then I think you'll slowly figure out how to use it, no?
Ran: I sure hope so.
Marina: If you don't mind, maybe you can show me how it works sometime~. I think it'd be nice if I could manage CiRCLE's schedule with this.
Ran: You might wanna ask Himari about that instead of me. I'm sure she'd be happy to teach you all about it. Explaining something like this is certainly not one of my strengths...
Marina: You think? I always find that the lyrics you write for your songs are extremely easy to understand though. It doesn't seem like you'd be bad at explaining something.
Ran: Except nobody could understand the last lyrics I wrote...
Ran: Looking back on those moments, I understand that I wasn't thinking about anybody but myself.
Ran: That whole time, I couldn't communicate anything with my words, and I ended up just moping around... Definitely... need to do better next time.
Marina: Wow, I didn't even know about that. Sounds like you hit a couple of bumps in the road.
Ran: I mean, yeah, you could say it was a rough patch, but... at the same time, I got something big out of that experience.
Marina: Oh, and what would that be? That is, if you don't mind me knowing. I'm sure {{userName}}-san wants to know too. Isn't that right?
Ran: Uhm... Well, it was... the feeling that I want to keep changing, so that the others and I can stay together...
Ran: ... I guess what I got was the fact that I could think that way.
Marina: You keep changing... and you all get to stay together...? Hmm~, do you mind elaborating?
Ran: So, in other words... Our new "same as always" is for us to continue growing together... I think that's what I mean... Wait, so what I'm trying to say is... Hm, how exactly do I put this...?
Ran: ... Sigh. See, like I said. I'm bad at explaining this kind of thing.
Marina: No, you're not. It's hard to say how I picked up on it, but this is what I got from that...
Marina: You, Ran-chan, and the rest of Afterglow want to be together forever, right?
Ran: Fufu. Put simply, yeah. You could say that.
Ran: I appreciate all of them for giving me the push I needed this time around. Especially Moca... She's always been there, walking right beside me...
Ran: I'm hoping that, little by little, I can somehow pay them all back...
Ran: So that they can keep on my trail for a long time to come...
