597_Ran Mitake_R4 Awakening Rivalry

Gacha phrase: Watching Roselia practice yesterday... just made me so frustrated.

<Driven By Frustration Part 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[After Joint Rehearsal]

[Studio]

Himari: Nice job today, everyone~!
Sayo: Great work.
Lisa: Phew~! Feels like we did everything we could! I was worried about how this would go... But the intensity was quite nice~♪
Tsugumi: I agree... Time flew right by! These joint rehearsals are great for motivating each other, aren't they?
Tomoe: Yup, it was pretty fun! I feel like I can just keep going!
Moca: Everyone sure is full of energy~. I, for one, am hungry after all that~. Ran~, can we stop by a restaurant on the way home~?
Ran: ...
Himari: Ran~? What's wrong? You've been quiet for a while... Is something on your mind?
Ran: Not really...
Yukina: Does everyone have some time after this? I think we should have a short meeting after we've packed up here.
Sayo: I agree. There are a couple areas I'm concerned with. I want to sort them out while we have time today.
Yukina: Yes. I would like to hear everyone's thoughts while they're still fresh in our minds.
Lisa: Okay~! Meeting it is, right after we wrap everything up here♪
Tsugumi: Wow... You can really feel that everyone in Roselia is on that professional level...!
Himari: So true~! Their performance was amazing, and yet they're so composed... They're pretty cool, huh?
Ran: We need to get to cleaning up, too.
Lisa: Yukina, can you wind up those cords over there~? I'll take care of the ones on my side!
Yukina: Yes. Got it.
Ran: Moca, leave those cords over there to me.
Moca: Hmm~? Okay~... But, Ran, what's gotten into you~? You have this fierce look on your face...
Tomoe: What's going on, Ran? You don't have to be in such a hurry. We still have time, you know?
Ran: ... Look.
Yukina: Huh?
Ran: The cords. I finished taking care of them before you did.
Yukina: ...? Right.
Moca: Ran~? What's up? Why are you trying to show off~?
Lisa: Cords are all set☆ Oh! Yukina, can you take care of those chairs?
Yukina: The chairs? Got it.
Ran: Everyone, bring me the chairs!
Himari: Slow down, Ran! What on earth is going on? You have this sudden urge to clean or something?
Tomoe: It seems like Roselia's taking care of the chairs. Why don't we do something else instead?
Tsugumi: Err... You want us to put away the chairs, right? You got it, Ran-chan!
Lisa: Wh-what's going on? It's like everyone in Afterglow is so enthusiastic about cleaning up~.
Moca: Nah, I don't know if everyone is enthusiastic or~...
Ran: Moca, we need to take care of those chairs, too. Bring them over here.
Moca: Fine~. Bringing them over now~.
Ran: ... Done! The chairs... We finished arranging them first.
Yukina: ...? I see that. Thanks. But I don't believe the haste was necessary. Or were we perhaps rushing you somehow?
Himari: What is going on with you, Ran? Like I told you, we've still got time. We can slow down a bit~.
Tsugumi: Oh! Do you have somewhere you need to be after this? Like a flower arrangement gathering or something? Sorry we kept you here, then!
Ran: No, I don't... have anywhere else I need to be...
Moca: Hmm... I see~. Am I sensing sparks of rivalry with Roselia in the air~?
Lisa: Oh~, right! Since we're almost done cleaning up, I should go book the studio before our next session before I forget♪
Yukina: Yes. Thank you, Lisa. Please take care of that.
Ran: Himari, did you already schedule our next studio session?
Himari: Huh? No... I was just thinking of going now...
Ran: I'll go and book it then.
Himari: Wait, what? Ran~?!
Ran: Lisa-san, I'm gonna schedule our studio session first!
Lisa: Huh?
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, there's equipment on the floor!
Tomoe: Ran, look out!
Ran: ... Whoa!!
Ran: O-ow...
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, are you okay?!
Moca: The rival competitor Ran trips~. She stumbles and suffers a direct hit from the door... Are you alright...?
Ran: ... N-no... I'm not...


<Driven By Frustration Part 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day After the Joint Rehearsal]

[Restaurant]

Himari: That was wonderful! Phew~, the food was delicious! I'm stuffed! ... I wonder if I ate a little too much~.
Moca: Hii-chan, I think you said the same thing not too long ago~. You said something like, "what should I do if I can't fit into my clothes anymore," no~?
Himari: Ngh. I-it's fine~! I always burn all the calories before I go to sleep!
Tsugumi: By the way, Ran-chan, how's your forehead? It wasn't swelling from that hit yesterday?
Ran: No, it wasn't a big deal. I'm fine. Thanks.
Moca: The way you slammed into that door was something though, wasn't it~? You really scared me there~. It happened so suddenly... I thought you teleported or something~.
Ran: You don't need to keep talking about it... Yawn...
Tomoe: You not getting enough sleep, Ran? Your eyes look a little red.
Ran: I had a bit of trouble sleeping, yeah...
Moca: Oh, is that so~? Perhaps it's related to what happened yesterday?
Tomoe: Speaking of which, you were kinda strange yesterday, Ran. I don't know if you were in a rush or getting impatient or what... That was my first time seeing you so serious about packing up...
Himari: Yeah, that's right! It was weird! You even dashed off saying you'd book the next studio session! I thought to myself, "Why are you rushing off now?"
Tsugumi: Then you were deep in thought the whole time walking home. To be honest, I was a little concerned, but I didn't think it was the right time to ask...
Ran: Uhm... Well...
Moca: Fufufu~.
Himari: Why are you smirking like that, Moca? You know what's going on?
Moca: Ran, after seeing Roselia practice, something riled you up, right? How should I put it...? It made you want to go up against them, perhaps~?
Ran: What?! Moca...!
Himari: Go up against them? ... With Roselia you mean? Ahh, that's what was going on in your head~? That's why you were moving so fast. Ahaha! That does seem like a Ran thing to do ♪
Ran: It's not that...! It's just...
Ran: Watching Roselia perform yesterday... just made me so frustrated.
Ran: I was flooded with all sorts of emotions while they were playing. Even after the session, the wheels just wouldn't stop turning in my head... I just didn't want to be bested by them.
Tomoe: I see. That's why you were acting all weird.
Ran: I wasn't acting that way on purpose...! I was in a haze and needed to let out my frustrations... But I couldn't flat out say that, right?
Tsugumi: But you are right. Roselia's performance was amazing, wasn't it? I didn't even know what to say after watching them.
Ran: Those frustrations just kept brewing in my head. Even after I got home, I kept thinking about it...
Ran: I don't know how to put it into words, really. But all these thoughts just kept going through my mind... Like how we need to practice more and how we can't let them outshine us...
Moca: Right. So you kept twisting and turning in these inexpressible thoughts, and before you knew it, it was morning already.
Himari: I have to agree though! All I could say was how great their performance was! So much so, it almost brought me to tears!
Tomoe: Yeah. I didn't expect Ako to have improved so much... I was surprised in a lot of different ways. At first, I was a little taken aback by them, but then I realized that Roselia is just awesome.
Himari: It's no wonder they can say that they're aiming for the very top! They're just so cool~.
Ran: But our sound is number one!
Moca: There, there. I completely understand how you feel, Ran~.
Ran: Do you really now?
Moca: Why~, of course I do.  We're close friends, right~?
Ran: Himari, when's our next rehearsal? I want to practice as soon as possible.
Moca: Oh~, Ran, you're really getting worked up, huh~?
Ran: Staying frustrated is not going to do us any good. Instead of moping around, we need to do something about it.
Moca: Fufufu~. The battle between Afterglow and Roselia has now begun...!
Tsugumi: Since we get to meet all these different bands, it's a great chance for us to push and learn from each other. It'd be nice if everyone could do some growing.
Himari: Growth! Yes! That's exactly it! Tsugu~! You always know the right thing to say~!
Tomoe: All sorts of things happened during our joint practice, but we certainly got a lot out of it. Let's do all we can so Roselia doesn't show us up!
Moca: Now~, we must kindle this motivation. Time for another order of bread~. Everyone wants dessert anyway, right~?
Himari: Absolutely~! Maybe I'll go with a chocolate parfait~!
Tomoe: Hold your horses! Didn't the two of you just finish eating a boatload of food? You guys even said how full you were! Barely any time has passed since then!
Moca: Talking so much makes me hungry~. Ran~, what are you getting?
Ran: I'm fine. I don't want anything. More importantly, did you even listen to what I was saying?
Moca: I did~.  That's why we're getting more food to raise our motivation~. Oh, I think I'll have another baguette.
Ran: Sigh...
Tsugumi: W-we do have another event coming up soon! Let's put our efforts together and buckle down, Ran-chan!
Ran: I'm way ahead of you!
