730_Ran Mitake_R3 Searching Together

<Seeking Advice>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Ran: ...
Moca: ...
Ran: ...
Moca: Hii-chan, look at the angle of Ran's eyebrows. What degree of a slope is that? Want to measure them?
Himari: Leave her be! Ran is deep in thought.
Moca: Oh, is that so~? I thought she was doing eyebrow exercises~.
Ran: Quiet, Moca.
Himari: See? Ran, let me know if you need anything. I want to help!
Ran: Hmmm... but...
Himari: Is it hard to talk about?
Ran: I wouldn't say that...
Moca: Out with it~. Is it about flowers?
Ran: Yeah. There's an exhibition coming up, but I can't come up with any good flower arrangements.
Moca: You heard the lady, Hii-chan.
Himari: Ngh...
Ran: That's why I didn't say anything. It's not like I was hiding something.
Himari: I'm glad that's all it is... Hmmm, flowers...
Moca: Why not... have it match your personality...? You know, something deep. A gloomy, emotional display, perhaps?
Ran: Sigh... Amateur hour.
Himari: I can't help when I don't know all that much about flower arrangement~...
Ran: I'll pass on any nonsense like what Moca mentioned, but do feel free to offer any ideas that you think sound nice.
Himari: R-really?
Ran: People who know nothing about flowers are the kind of people I want to try and reach.
Himari: Okay, that makes sense! Hmmm, I'll try to think of something...
Himari: Hmmm, hmmm... Ah!
Moca: Oh! Hii-chan-sensei, what manner of inspiration has come to you~?
Himari: I can see it in my head... but I don't know if I should say it.
Moca: Why~?
Himari: B-because~!
Ran: What are you getting embarrassed about? Just tell me.
Himari: ... A flower crown.
Moca: Flower crowns... Like the ones we made when we were kids?
Himari: Yeah...
Ran: I see...
Moca: I see~...
Himari: J-jeez~! That's why I didn't want to say anything! You think I'm a baby now, don't you?
Ran: No... Sounds like a good idea to me.
Himari: Huh?! You really mean that?!
Ran: I do... Knitting flowers together... Yeah, I like it.
Moca: Oh-hoh~. One of Hii-chan's ideas might actually be used~.
Ran: Thanks, I might be able to build on what you've told me.
Moca: Way to go, Hii-chan~.
Ran: You should try learning from her, Moca.
Himari: Heh heh heh~. That's right, Moca-kun! Take note of what your wise teacher says~.
Ran: Haha, don't get ahead of yourself, Himari.
Himari: Hehehe, whoops~♪


<While Waiting for Others>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Hello, Ran-chan!
Ran: Hm? Ah... Hello. Are you both working today?
Marina: No, it's our day off. I thought I'd come see a movie with some friends when I just happened to bump into {{userName}}-san.
Ran: I'm waiting for my friends, too. I promised to go shopping with Himari today.
Ran: Oh, that reminds me. Thank you very much. For helping look for Tomoe's earring the other day, I mean.
Marina: No problem at all! I'm glad she eventually found it. She must have been so relieved.
Ran: Himari was way more thrilled, if you can believe it. So much so that she started crying.
Marina: Is that so? Fufu, sounds like something she would do.
Ran: Yeah, she is the type to react that way.
Ran: Getting all excited or upset about stuff that isn't even about her.
Marina: Simply having someone like that around can be a blessing.
Ran: Yeah. I think that was true in this case, as well.
Ran: I mean, Himari herself hadn't realized that, but I think it finally clicked once we told her directly.
Marina: Fufu, is that right?
Ran: Even then, she still decided to continue trying to be like Lisa-san, saying she wanted to be more dependable.
Marina: Fufu, so Lisa-chan is her goal, then. I guess that makes sense, considering how thoughtful and reliable she is.
Ran: That's true, but I still think Himari doesn't need to try and become someone she's not.
Ran: She has her own unique strong points.
Marina: Why not go ahead and tell her that, then? I bet it would make her happy.
Ran: I... am not a fan of embarrassing myself like that.
Ran: And now that she has gone and said how she feels, I want to support her.
Marina: Fufu, there's nothing wrong with that.
Ran: ... Wow, those guys sure are running behind. I hope Himari got the meeting place right... I better go see if I can find them.
Marina: Okay, see you later! And look after Himari-chan!
Ran: Sure thing, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Catch you two later.
