1051_Ran Mitake_R4 Rebellious Spirit

Gacha phrase: Who do you think you are, dismissing people's sincerity?

<An Unexpected Visitor>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: I'll make a rhyme here... and maybe change this line... Yeah, this looks okay...
Ran: ... I wonder if there's a better way to express this. Hmm...
Ran: You're late, Moca... Huh?!
Yukina: Hello, Mitake-san.
Ran: Oh, err, Minato-san...?! Sorry, I thought you were Moca.
Ran: ... Anyway, what are you doing? This isn't the third-year classroom... Although, I suppose you wouldn't make a mistake like that.
Yukina: Of course not. This is the roof.
Ran: Yeah, that's true...
Ran & Yukina: ...
Ran: (Huh? What...? Why did she come here...?)
Ran: Umm, Minato-san...
Yukina: May I sit next to you?
Ran: I don't mind...
Yukina: ... The wind is strong up here...
Ran: Well, it is the roof...
Ran & Yukina: ...
Ran: (... Huh, is that all? What's her deal?)
Yukina: Were you writing lyrics?
Ran: Huh? Yeah, well... I wanted to put how I felt about performing at Girl Jam into a song.
Yukina: I see. Then perhaps I'm in your way.
Ran: No, it's fine.
Yukina: That's good, then. It seems that your intensity continues despite the fact that Girl Jam has ended.
Ran: Well, I felt so many things at that event. Like the sensation of excitement spreading throughout the venue...
Ran: Not to mention that we'd never experienced performing in an unwelcoming atmosphere before...
Yukina: ... I see.
Ran: I'm happy we could stand proudly on stage that day and give a performance that showed the real us.
Ran: It would be pretty pathetic to say all that stuff at the Melodic Rain audition and then be too scared by gossip to put on a good show.
Yukina: That's very you, Mitake-san. You practice what you preach.
Ran: We like to see things through.
Ran: Moreover, we discovered that we had far more supporters than we first thought.
Ran: It had always been just the five of us. But now we're being watched over and cheered on by many people.
Ran: I realized that those people are also a part of our current "same as always."
Ran: So I want to say... Minato-san... Thanks for what you di-
Yukina: I did nothing that warrants gratitude.
Ran: ... Did you really have to cut off a person who was trying to thank you?
Yukina: I just meant that there's no need. Besides, I only did what was best for my music. You're the same, right?
Yukina: When you decided to take part in Girl Jam, you made the choice that best suited your band. Am I correct?
Ran: I suppose...
Yukina: We are all simply doing as we please. And that's just fine.
Ran: ... If you say so, then I'll let it go.
Ran: Minato-san, we're going to continue heading toward our goal of the ultimate concert.
Ran: We aim to put on a concert that surpasses Girl Jam... No, one even better than Roselia's show that time.
Yukina: ..Fufu. Likewise, we intend to reach the top through our music.
Yukina: Well then, I must get going. I look forward to hearing the finished version of this new song you're writing.
Ran: Huh? Umm... Minato-san, didn't you have a reason for coming up here?
Yukina: Yes. I wanted to let you know what I thought of your Girl Jam performance...
Ran: If that's why you came here, then why don't you tell me? You're not one to hold back on criticism.
Yukina: I didn't come here to criticize you...
Ran: Huh? I didn't catch what you said. The wind was too strong...
Yukina: ... Never mind.
Ran: Huh? W-wait, what did you say?
Yukina: You're going to show me a concert better than Girl Jam, right? I'll tell you then.
Ran: ...!
Ran: Of course we will! You better look forward to that day!


<Delivering Our Song>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ran: Good morning, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Morning, Ran-chan. I heard Girl Jam went by smoothly! Congratulations.
Marina: I couldn't make it due to work, but I heard Afterglow played a fantastic concert. I know that things had been unstable lately, so hearing that was quite the relief.
Ran: Thank you... I'm sorry for making you worry.
Marina: No, it's quite alright. I'm happy you and the other girls can go back to having fun performing, the same as always.
Marina: By the way, has Afterglow scheduled a practice session today?
Ran: Ah, no. I was hoping to do some solo practice if there was a room open.
Marina: Gotcha! Let me check~... Ah, one room will be free very soon.
Marina: You know, I'm impressed you're here the very next day after Girl Jam. Are you okay without rest?
Ran: Yes, how should I put this...? When I woke up this morning, the excitement from yesterday was still burning within me. I can't hold back this desire to sing.
Marina: I see. Your performance left a real impression, huh?
Ran: Yes, it was as if we were enveloped in a blaze of emotion. Our songs really touched the audience... I felt like they understood everything we were trying to convey.
Ran: We were feeling down because of that gossip... But all we want to do is put on the show of our lives, in our own way.
Ran: The people at the venue recognized those feelings... That's why I'm glad we took part.
Marina: That's great to hear. As long as the five of you stick together, you can get through any rough patches.
Ran: Yes... I'm sure there will be other times in the future where we stumble and fall...
Ran: But this time, even more than usual, I felt my band members right behind me pushing me forward...
Ran: So I decided that... I want to become stronger too. I want to be the kind of person they want to follow.
Marina: You all support each other, huh? Afterglow sure has some impressive teamwork.
Ran: Yes, I believe we have what it takes to give the ultimate performance.
Ran: That being said, I need to practice more before I can make that a reality. There's tons of ways I can improve my singing and guitar playing.
Marina: Fufu, I see. You sure are motivated, Ran-chan.
Marina: ... Oh, Studio B has just opened up! It's all yours.
Ran: Um... Marina san, {{userName}}-san, thank you for everything.
Marina: Fufu, you're very welcome. CiRCLE will always be here for you, no matter what. But please be careful not to overexert yourself. If you get tired, take a break, okay?
Ran: I will, thank you. However, today... I plan on giving it my all.
Marina: Sure thing. We know you can do it!
Ran: Thank you for listening to my story... I'll head to the studio now.
