1099_Ran Mitake_R4 Graceful Passion

Gacha phrase: Jeez, you're in top form today, aren't you?

<Open Mind>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Moca: If we're talking buns, then Yamabuki Bakery's definitely got the best stuff around, right~?
Moca: Crunchy. Fluffy. Their buns really make you think, "This is how the pros do it!"
Ran: I can't believe you aren't sick of bread yet, considering that's all you eat every day.
Ran: ... Tsugumi and the others sure are late, though. It's past the time we agreed to meet.
Moca: Tsugu, Hii-chan and Tomo-chin all said they're gonna be late because of work, didn't they~?
Moca: You just never check your phone. That's why you don't know~.
Ran: Hey, I check it more than I used to... Wait, it's not like you check your phone that much, either.
Moca: Fufufu~. That's what you'd think, but I'm not the same Moca-chan you used to know anymore~.
Moca: You'll be surprised to know I've not only been checking our group chats, I've been looking at Toko-chan's social media, too~.
Ran: What? Where'd this come from?
Moca: Ehehe~. So you see, Toko-chan posted some pictures of this bakery I've been wanting to go to for a while~.
Moca: So ever since then, I've been checking on her posts occasionally~. Which means I totally found out about how you two did that event together~.
Moca: I thought we were friends, Ran~. If you're gonna be in an event as fun-looking as that one, you could've invited us~.
Ran: It's not like I didn't consider talking to you all... I just knew you'd end up teasing me about it.
Moca: What~? We wouldn't do that~.
Moca: We'd all have cheered for you, Toko-chan, and your papa as you all got your big chance in the spotlight.
Ran: I knew it... I was right to not tell you guys.
Moca: Aw, come on~... Look at you, getting all embarrassed~. Your face is super red, Ran~.
Ran: No, it's not.
Moca: So? How do you think you did~? According to Toko-chan's posts, she thinks it was a big success.
Ran: Not bad... I guess.
Ran: Though we started off on the wrong foot, that in itself helped me realize something.
Moca: What's that?
Ran: How to look at flowers, I guess... Or rather, how I want people to feel when they see my arrangements.
Ran: There were some things that I felt pretty fuzzy on that got cleared up... Like I was able to organize my own thoughts.
Moca: Ooh~, look at you, being all cool.
Ran: You don't have to tease me every time I say something, you know.
Moca: Hmph. These are my true feelings, straight from the heart~.
Ran: Yeah, sure.
Ran: ... Moca, did you see the arrangement I made at the event?
Moca: I did~. Toko-chan posted pictures online.
Moca: It was really awesome~. And there were a lot of nice comments about it~.
Ran: Our audience at the event seemed like they had fun, too.
Ran: It was Toko's idea to do a heart shape. I thought it wouldn't work at first, but... it wasn't bad.
Ran: Thanks to her, I... feel like I've opened my eyes to a different perspective on flower arrangements.
Moca: I see, I see~... So you had a lot of fun...
Ran: I didn't say that, but... you're not wrong.
Moca: It's good to be honest with yourself~.
Moca: Judging from what I saw online, I bet that a bunch of people are probably thinking, "Wow, flower arrangement's so cool~, I want to try." Don't you think?
Ran: That'd be nice.
Ran: ... But even so, I don't plan on changing my stance on how I do things.
Ran: The way we did our show this time was just one way of doing it. It was a good learning experience, but... How do I put this?
Moca: Hm~... It's like you got another tool for your arsenal, right~?
Ran: Tool? ... Huh. Yeah, I guess you could say that.
Ran: Thanks to working with Toko, I managed to experience something I'd never have been able to on my own. But that doesn't mean I plan on changing my ways to match her.
Ran: Father told me this too, but... I think I'll be able to put what I learned from this experience to good use in the future.
Ran: My flower arrangements usually stay the same as always, but I think I might be able to add a slightly different perspective to them now.
Moca: I see~. Then I request a melon bun arrangement for your next design~.
Ran: ... Did you hear any of what I just said?
Ran: Well, it's not like this is the first time I haven't been able to understand how you think.
Ran: Still... This kind of feels... Fufu.
Ran: Hey, Moca. There's actually one more thing I learned from this whole experience.
Ran: I thought I wasn't going to get along with Toko at all, but I found out I'm actually surprisingly okay with her.
Moca: Oh~, well that doesn't sound like you at all~. What's up~? What happened~?
Ran: It's nothing big. She just kind of reminds me of a certain someone. Someone who comes off as really random and carefree, but is actually a pretty decent person at heart.
Moca: What~? "A certain someone?" Who's that supposed to be~? Do I know them?
Ran: Who knows?
Moca: Not "who knows." Tell me~. C'mon, give me a hint at least~.
Ran: Looks like Tsugumi and the others are here. I'll be right back.
Moca: Ran~? Who is it? Who are you talking about~?
Moca: C'mon, tell me~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Listen and Tell>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Riverside]

Marina: Hey~, Ran-chan.
Ran: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi there. I heard you were a big hit at that event over at Aurum City.
Ran: Huh? Why do you know about that?
Marina: Fufu. I saw Toko-chan's posts online.
Marina: It looked like your coolness and Toko-chan's enthusiasm were a perfect fit for the event! Gosh, I wish I could have seen it live~.
Ran: Thank you. I'm glad to hear that... I think it actually went pretty well, too.
Ran: Though there were more than a few bumps on the way to getting there.
Marina: Oh. What happened?
Ran: If I had to put it simply, we just wanted different things...
Ran: Toko wanted to make us stand out by trying to make everything as flashy as possible, so she kept recommending these ridiculous kimonos, hairstyles, and stuff like that...
Ran: She even talked about live streaming our show online. It was rough.
Ran: I just wanted to protect the tranquil nature of flower arrangement, so I was considering a more quiet, mellow performance.
Ran: Of course we tried talking it out, but...
Ran: We just couldn't see eye to eye, so I actually stormed out on her in the middle of our talk once.
Marina: Really? That sounds like a pretty big deal.
Ran: Yeah... Then, while I was wondering what to do, Rimi showed me Toko's profile online.
Ran: That's where I found out why Toko was trying to make everything so flashy. She had everything written out there.
Marina: Oh, I saw that too. It was definitely a very Toko-chan-esque way of saying she wanted to make it a fun event for everyone.
Ran: Yeah, it was. I... misunderstood her.
Ran: I thought she was trying to recommend all that stuff just because she wanted to show off, but... I was wrong. I finally realized that when I saw what she'd posted.
Ran: So I thought I'd apologize, and we could have a proper discussion.
Ran: But Toko didn't seem like she was bothered by it at all. She just brushed it off with a "My bad!" that made me wonder what I was even worked up about.
Marina: Fufu. That definitely sounds like her.
Ran: Seriously, I was so confused. But thanks to that, we were able to actually talk things out.
Marina: I see. And thanks to that talk, you managed to pull off a great event. Right?
Ran: Yeah... I think.
Ran: This event was a good reminder that it can be hard for people to understand how I feel unless I tell them.
Ran: Especially for people like Toko. She's not the type to be able to really read the room, after all.
Ran: Though I shouldn't be one to talk. Talking about my feelings isn't one of my strong points, either.
Marina: Fufu, that's a wonderful thing for you to be self-aware about, though.
Marina: Thinking you're communicating your thoughts properly, but being misunderstood by others... It can be tough.
Ran: Yeah... Oh, sorry. I've just been talking about myself this entire time. Next time, tell me how things have been going with you, Marina-san.
Marina: Of course! Come over to chat whenever you like.
Ran: Thank you. Alright then, see you.
