1194_Ran Mitake_R4 The Bakhoor's Song

Gacha phrase: If I was granted a wish...

<Giving Meaning to Dreams>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: (... What a blinding sunset...)
Ran: ...
Ran: (I think I'm starting to remember something... What could it be...?)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: So it must mean something! You agree with me, right, Ran?
Ran: Sorry... what are you talking about?
Himari: Huh? Weren't you listening to a thing I said~?
Tsugumi: You look half-asleep, Ran-chan. Are you tired from the gym class we just had?
Ran: Nah, it's not that. I was just...
Moca: Dear, oh, dear... It's all over... The end of the world has come~.
Tomoe: Hey, cheer up. I'll share my snacks with you, okay?
Ran: What's up, Moca?
Moca: The buns at the cafeteria... They were all sold out~. Urgh... I can't go on... Flop.
Himari: Stop right there! Before you collapse, you need to tell me about the most recent dream you had. That goes for you too, Tomoe!
Tomoe: My dream?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan has been reading up on dream divination since yesterday.
Ran: What's with your sudden interest in dream-reading?
Himari: Remember when we slept over at Tomoe's house the other night? I have this feeling I had an incredible dream!
Himari: Since then, I've been curious about what dreams mean, so I found this dream divination website! Look!
Tomoe: Huh, never seen a site like this before. Let's see, dissecting omens in your dreams... Whoa, they've got an interpretation for everything...
Moca: Well, in your dreams, anything is possible~.
Ran: (The meaning of dreams...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsugumi: Okay, Himari-chan. What does it mean if you, say, dream about flying?
Himari: Umm, hold on a second...
Himari: It seems like flying can mean different things depending on the situation.
Ran: How did you fly in your dream, Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: Hmmm... I don't remember exactly, but I think I was riding some kind of giant bird...
Tomoe: Whoa, just like in the movies. Tsugumi the Grand Mage!
Tsugumi: R-really? Ehehe... I guess it was pretty cool, even if it was only a dream.
Himari: Fly... Flying... Ah, I found it. There are lots of examples of flying in dreams, but they're generally all considered lucky!
Moca: Wow~. Well then, I'm gonna do my best to fly in my next dream~.
Ran: Is that something you can control...?
Moca: Where there's a will, there's a way~... Speaking of which, Hii-chan, what does eating buns in a dream mean~?
Himari: A dream about eating buns...? Well, I'm pretty sure that's just a reflection of your craving for buns.
Moca: Aw~, I hoped it was a sign that I'd be blessed with more and more buns in real life~.
Tomoe: Haha, you sure are greedy, Moca. You chow down on more than enough buns already.
Moca: I beg to differ. My appetite is never satisfied~.
Tsugumi: Your love for buns even affects your dreams, Moca-chan.
Ran: Moca is the same both in the dream world and in reality.
Himari: Sorry, it doesn't say anything about eating buns on this website. However, there's a ton of other fascinating dream interpretations!
Himari: Like dreams about doors that won't open!
Tsugumi: A locked door in a dream is kinda scary...
Moca: Never fear. In situations like those, just shout, "Open sesame!" and it usually pops right open.
Ran: There's no way that would work. Life's not a dream, you know...? Wait, I forgot we're talking about dreams.
Himari: What about you, Ran? What was your latest dream?
Ran: ... I don't know. I guess I forgot.
Moca: My, that's funny~. You claim to have forgotten, but your facial expression suggests otherwise~.
Ran: I swear I don't remember. Though... I know the dream wasn't bad.
Himari: What?! So you do remember then! Come on, tell us more~.
Ran: There's really nothing I can say. But... I do remember one thing.
Ran: ... I saw a stunning sunset. Our special sunset, the same as always.
Moca: Oho~. So what you're saying is, you were thinking about us even in your dream~?
Ran: Huh? I never said that. Jeez, Moca...
Tomoe: Uh-oh, somebody's feeling embarrassed. Ran, you rascal~.
Ran: N-no, I'm not.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I'd be overjoyed if you really did have Afterglow on your mind while you were sleeping!
Ran: Not you too, Tsugumi... Jeez.
Himari: ... Wow! Look at this, guys! Supposedly, dreams about sunsets have several meanings!
Tsugumi: Ah, you're right! It says a sunset can be interpreted differently depending on how you saw it.
Tomoe: Interesting~... In that case, you'll need to tell us more, Ran~.
Moca: Now commencing an exclusive interview with Professor Ran-chan~! How do you feel about the sunset you witnessed~?
Ran: For the last time, I hardly remember it.
(Black cut)


<Tales of Dreams Come True>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Riverside]

Marina: Hello, Ran-chan. Fancy meeting you here~.
Ran: ...
Marina: Ran-chan? Hey!
Ran: ... Whoa! Marina-san... Nice to see you.
Marina: What are you doing out here? You looked lost in your thoughts.
Ran: Yeah, a little...
Marina: Did something happen...? Are you okay?
Ran: Ah, don't worry, it's nothing serious. Something weird happened recently, and I'm trying to figure out what it meant...
Marina: What happened?
Ran: Afterglow had a sleepover at Tomoe's place the other day... and I had a dream that night.
Ran: The details are a little hazy. It was a bewildering dream with lots of changing scenarios... I think.
Ran: I do remember Tomoe and I watched the sunset and talked about something at the end... but I've forgotten what was said.
Ran: I can't help but wonder about that conversation we had.
Marina: I know how you feel. It's easy to forget your dreams once you wake up.
Ran: Exactly. That's why I usually don't care when I forget a dream... However, this time it kept bugging me, so I told Tomoe about it.
Ran: It turns out Tomoe had a dream too. She didn't really tell me what it was about, though. All she said was, "Dreams are there to be achieved."
Ran: Isn't that strange? Why would she say that out of nowhere? I was expecting her to laugh and ask what on earth I was talking about. Still, her reply really put my mind at ease for some reason.
Marina: How mysterious.
Ran: Yeah. And, well... it's kind of hard to put into words...
Marina: What is it? I'd like to hear it.
Ran: After thinking about it, I'm sure she said that because it's what Afterglow has been doing all along.
Ran: Ever since we formed our band that day, we've overcome a lot of challenges together.
Ran: It dawned on me that we've been making our little dreams come true this whole time.
Ran: ... Haha. Sorry, that's pretty cringey, huh?
Marina: Not at all! I think that's a lovely way of thinking.
Ran: Thank you... Um, can we keep this chat between us?
Marina: Fufu, certainly.
Ran: Well then, I better go... See you next time at the live house.
