1287_Ran Mitake_R3 When I Close My Eyes

<Uncontrollable Feeling>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Toko Kirigaya)

[Kimono Shop]

Ran: Phew... Once they're done talking, that should be one errand down...
Toko: Here, have some tea~, Ran-san~!
Ran: Ah, Toko. It's alright. I just dropped by to introduce them to each other.
Toko: But it looks like the business with grandma's gonna take a while~. We should totally just take it easy and chat while we wait~.
Ran: I guess you're right. Thanks, I'll have some of that tea after all.
Toko: The barley tea's gonna taste really good because of how crazy hot it is out there again~.
Ran: Mmm... Yeah... You're right. It does taste great.
Toko: See~? You know, I totally didn't expect you to suddenly contact us!
Toko: We said it's not urgent, so I figured you'd hook us up with your acquaintance later~.
Ran: That was the original plan... but I've got a band trip coming up.
Toko: Band trip...?
Ran: Yeah. Another band challenged us to a concert.
Toko: Wait, does that mean you're, like, going some place far to perform?! Seriously?! That's so awesome~!
Ran: I want to focus on it, so I'm trying to get these errands out of the way beforehand.
Toko: Ohhh! Man, going on a band trip sounds super cool! You're so lucky~! I wish we could do one too!
Toko: Hey, hey, tell me more! Have you guys been doing these band trips a lot?
Ran: Nope, this is our first time. It just so happens that the spot the other band wants us to come to is pretty far away.
Toko: Sigh~... I bet you're so pumped!
Ran: ... I dunno, it's no different from usual. Regardless of where it is, we'll just do what we always do.
Ran: As I said, I wanna get what I can out of the way. That'll let me focus on the concert and the new song I'm writing for it. That's all.
Toko: Whoa, that's so cool...! I super wanna know more about this new song!
Toko: What kinda song is it? How much progress have you made? Ah~, I really, really, really, really, really wanna know~!
Ran: T-Toko, quiet down a bit, will you...?
Ran: And I've only started working on it. I still haven't decided entirely what I want to do, so there's not much I can tell you.
Toko: Aww~!
Ran: But one thing I am sure of is that I'm going to make it totally rock.
Toko: Ohhh~, you're super pumped!
Ran: Well, yeah. We accepted the other band's challenge, so it's only natural to give them everything we've got.
Toko: Wow, if this new song is something that's got you so fired up, I really wanna listen to it~!
Toko: I just know you guys are so gonna blow the other band outta the water during the show!
Ran: Thanks. Anyway, there you have it.
Ran: Looks like they're done talking too, so I'll be going now.
Ran: Thanks for the tea. See you.
Toko: Anytime~! Good luck with the band trip~! And I'm really looking forward to that new song~!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[CiRCLE Café]

Ran: Yawn...
Himari: Are you okay, Ran~? It's rare to see you yawn so much.
Ran: I got carried away working on our new song and ended up staying up late.
Himari: You what?! You need to sleep properly at night!
Ran: I know. I'll be more careful.
Himari: Do you really mean it~? You're the type who'll overdo it anyway.
Ran: I mean it. I wanna be in the best condition possible when we go on that trip.
Himari: Alright, I'll believe you then, okay?
Himari: Sigh~. Anyway, I'm really looking forward to it~! I mean, it's our first band trip! What about you?
Ran: Same. But be careful not to let all that barely-controlled excitement backfire.
Himari: Er... I-I'd never let that happen! And aren't you excited too~?
Ran: ... Yeah. I am.
Himari: For real?
Ran: Yeah... So let's do everything we can to pull this band trip off.
(Black cut)


<After the Band Trip>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ran: Sigh... Think I might've overworked myself a bit...
Ran: ... Hmm? Oh, {{userName}}-san. Are you taking a break too?
Ran: Same here... Really? I look that tired?
Ran: Uh, yeah. It might be because I've been a little busy lately.
Ran: The band trip's part of it, but there were also a few things I wanted to take care of beforehand.
Ran: Well, enough about me. Did Marina-san or the others tell you about the trip?
Ran: I see... Since it looks like you heard, you probably know just how many things went wrong.
Ran: I mean, it's kind of understandable since it was our first time and none of us had any experience...
Ran: But bringing the wrong outfits or forgetting them is just something else. To top it off, everyone was acting weird on the way there.
Ran: Not that I have any right to talk since that everyone includes me... It was probably the excitement.
Ran: Sigh... The way we messed up was a bit much, you know...?
Ran: Huh? I'm not happy about how we messed up, but I'll admit it was a worthwhile experience.
Ran: I won't bother going over everything that went wrong since it would never end. But yeah, overall, the trip was alright.
Ran: Performing in the round was more fun than I'd expected too.
Ran: Himari was the one who suggested we perform anyway, even though we had different outfits.
Ran: Looking back, throwing a concert like that wasn't all that bad. No... It was actually pretty awesome.
Ran: All five of us in a circle, singing and playing while looking at each other, the audience being right there and everyone being at eye level...
Ran: All of it allowed me to clearly see up close just how much fun both us and the audience were having.
Ran: We've done all kinds of concerts. People have cheered during them and commented afterward.
Ran: But I've never gotten to see the audience so up close before. It was new... and really refreshing.
Ran: I'm guessing the others felt the same way. That's why, despite everything that happened, it was a pretty good experience for us as a band.
Ran: We've learned that there are different ways of doing things and that different perspectives can come with them. These are lessons we can take and use in our concerts going forward.
Ran: ... Yeah, you're probably right. It does look like all the trouble we encountered was worth it.
Ran: If it weren't for everything that happened, I doubt we would've even thought of performing in the round...
Ran: Hmm, I guess you could say everything that went wrong served a purpose in the end.
Ran: That said, I'd prefer things go smoothly. Everything may have worked out this time, but there's no guarantee they always will.
Ran: That's why the next time we try to discover new things to take us to the next level, I want us to be in the best shape possible and ready for anything. I don't want a repeat of the band trip.
Ran: ... Thanks.
Ran: I feel a lot better after talking with you. Looks like I managed to sort things out.
Ran: Alright, break's over, time to start practicing. Thanks, and see you around today.
