1354_Ran Mitake_R4 Scribbled Melodies

Gacha phrase: I want to sing to the sound of your guitar. How it sounds now.

<A New Us>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Live House - Dressing Room]

Himari: Good work today, everyone! The new song went really well, didn't it?!
Ran: Yeah. The audience's reactions weren't bad.
Tomoe: Right?! I was getting really fired up, too.
Tsugumi: Especially Moca-chan's guitar, it sounded... Huh? Where's Moca-chan?
Moca: Heeey~. I'm here~...
Himari: Huh?! What's wrong, Moca?! You were full of energy on stage.
Moca: I wonder~. My body's all heavy and wobbly now~. I must be outta battery~.
Himari: Even though you ate all those buns before the show...? Hey, wait! Moca! You can't sleep here! At least get changed first.
Tomoe: Ahaha! Looks like we're definitely stopping by Yamabuki Bakery on our way back, huh?
Tsugumi: Moca-chan did play her heart out today, though. This must be proof of how much she put into playing today.
Tomoe: True. The way she played looked like a full-body workout.
Ran: You were running all over the place during our new song.
Moca: I said I'd give it my all, after all~. Sigh... That was a lotta fun~.
Ran: ... Yeah. It was.
Ran: I was worried that the audience might not get what "the same as always, but different," was supposed to mean... but it looked like they loved it.
Himari: Yeah! And it really felt like, "This is it!" when we played it!
Tomoe: Aw man, I was so pumped when I hit a spot I knew was good and the crowd got hyped up with me!
Moca: Yeah, you ended up yelling along with them, too~.
Tsugumi: Thanks to our new song, it felt like our set was a full-speed sprint all the way to the end.
Tomoe: I bet we definitely showed everyone a whole new side of Afterglow today, right?
Himari: Not just that! We proved to them that Afterglow's still got plenty of room to keep evolving and changing!
Moca: Oooh~, you tell 'em, Hii-chan.
Himari: Fufu. Well, we tell it to them with our music, though.
Tomoe: Ahaha, true that!
Ran: Tell it to them through our music, huh...?
Moca: ... ? What's up, Ran?
Ran: Today... That might be the biggest thing we can take back from this show.
Ran: Since Girl Jam, we've started playing at more and more shows, and each time we pick up something new.
Ran: All those new things pile up and grow into the sound we have today. And today, we got to see the results of that in each other.
Tomoe: Yeah. And I bet you this sound's gonna turn into our new "same as always."
Ran: Up until now, we've always all just looked forward. We'd always just aim for the best show ever.
Ran: But taking a little break from running forward to take a look around us like this ended up being really important, too.
Ran: Because even if we're all doing the same thing... what we see and feel from that is surely a little different.
Himari: Ran...! Oooh~, you really know how to put it!
Ran: Wha- Hey, don't jump on me like that.
Himari: Ehehe, sorry! It's just that I'm so happy...!
Himari: It's not good enough to just think we know how each other feels. It's important to actually understand!
Tsugumi: Yeah! It's because we understand each other that we can work together to put on the best concert we can.
Tomoe: Right. And with this song, we'll keep on charging ahead.
Moca: Man, my heart's totally full of deepness right now~. Should we run off into the sunset~?
Ran: Aren't you exhausted, though?
Moca: I'm all charged up again thanks to your talk~! I'd even be up to play another show right now~.
Tomoe: Me too! Aw, man, I can't wait until our next concert!
Himari: Yeah! I'll start looking for one now!
Ran: Already? I'd like a little time to sort out new lyrics and phrases, though.
Tsugumi: Huh? New lyrics and phrases...? Ran-chan, are you already planning another new song?!
Ran: I'm only thinking about it. After hearing all of you play, I think I've found more things I want to hear in an Afterglow song.
Moca: Oooh~! Ran, you're shining so bright right now~!
Himari: What kind of song? Just tell me a little bit about it! Just the general feel, that's enough!
Ran: Haha. Let's save that for another time.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Best Friend's Music>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Hey there. Looks like things have settled down for the moment. How about we take a break while we can?
(Black cut)
Marina: I could really go for a drink right now... Oh, over there... is that...?
Ran: ... Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hey, Ran-chan. Having a tea break before practice?
Ran: Yeah, that's the plan. We've got another concert coming up soon, so I thought I'd start thinking about a set list.
Marina: I see! Didn't you just have a band battle the other day, though?
Ran: We did, but I think we should try to show up at any concerts we get invited to.
Marina: That's some motivation. I've been hearing that Afterglow's been in tip-top shape lately, you know.
Ran: Yeah, I'm feeling pretty good about us right now. Our new song was a hit with the crowd, too.
Marina: I heard from Moca-chan about that. A song that's "the same as always, but different," right?
Ran: Right. It all started with a change in Moca's sound, and it turned into making that the theme for our new song.
Marina: Huh, so that's what it was.
Ran: Yeah. Even though it was the same Moca as always, I noticed her guitar playing had changed.
Ran: We ended up finding out later that she'd actually been stocking up a ton of phrases that she's been wanting to play.
Ran: Moca's always played the guitar at her own pace. And now it looks like there's more and more she wants to try playing, too.
Marina: Hmm. Sounds like Moca-chan's gotten a lot more passionate about music, huh?
Ran: Yeah. That's why I think the feelings she puts into playing her guitar come through more clearly now than ever before.
Ran: That she wants to move forward. Further and farther.
Ran: Which is why I wanted to put those feelings into a song.
Marina: I see, I see. Moca-chan's feelings mean a lot to you, don't they?
Ran: Well... I guess.
Marina: Fufu. Now that I've heard what you have to say about it, I'm even more curious about what your new song sounds like.
Marina: Play it at CiRCLE next time, okay?
Ran: Of course. Look forward to it.
Ran: Okay, then. I'll see you later, Marina-san. {{userName}}-san.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
