1381_Ran Mitake_R3 A Father’s Big Moment

<Contest... Celebration?>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee...! Ah, Ran-chan, Moca-chan!
Ran: Hey, Tsugumi.
Moca: This cold weather refuses to let up~. Just a bit more, and I would've turned into an iced mocha~. Brr...
Tsugumi: Fufu, hi. Please have a seat over here.
Ran: Yeah, thanks.
Tsugumi: What would you like to order?
Ran: Think I'll have a hot coffee.
Moca: And I'll have~... Hm? What's this New Year's special?
Tsugumi: Oh, it's our sweet bean porridge milk tea. It's basically tea with adzuki beans and mochi inside.
Ran: Uh... Does that combination actually work?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm, absolutely! The refreshing tea goes really well with the adzuki's sweetness!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan was the one who discovered it and told me about it. She said it was amazing, and she wasn't wrong.
Moca: Tea with adzuki and mochi... Hii-chan does love to go heavy on the toppings. Only she would've been able to come up with such a combination~.
Moca: Oh yeah. Speaking of Hii-chan, I heard she went to your place to do an interview, Ran~.
Ran: ...!
Tsugumi: Ah, the organizers mentioned your father's going to be in the singing contest.
Ran: Er...
Moca: How could you, Ran~? Why were you keeping it a secret from me~?
Ran: I wasn't keeping it a secret... I just didn't think it was worth mentioning...
Ran: Anyway, enough about this, okay? I don't wanna talk about it.
Moca: What have we here~? Are you... embarrassed~?
Ran: Like hell.
Ran: This is exactly why I didn't want to tell you... I knew you'd give me a hard time, Moca.
Moca: I swear I'm not messing with you~. So, are we making the things?
Ran: ... Making what things?
Moca: Uchiwa fans for cheering on your dad, of course~. You know, the ones with a performer's photo and their name in big letters~.
Ran: Don't, just don't. Not unless you want me to get seriously mad at you.
Moca: Alright~. Sowwy~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... By the way, I heard it's just going to be your father. You're not going to be performing with him?
Ran: No way! Even just thinking about doing something like that together is embarrassing...
Ran: Sigh... This totally stinks. I'm never going to be able to go downtown, and I hope no one from school sees his performance either.
Moca: If you're so against it, why didn't you tell him not to be in the contest~?
Ran: I tried, but...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Living Room]

Ran's Dad: Ran. Is there really no chance you would be willing to enter the contest with me?
Ran: Like I've been telling you, nobody in high school in this day and age enters a singing contest with their dad.
Ran's Dad: Don't you agree with my reasons for doing so though?
Ran: ... You want the younger generation and people who haven't been exposed to flower arranging to have an opportunity to learn about it.
Ran: And you're hoping that entering a singing contest with lots of younger contestants will be a way to get people interested... Right?
Ran's Dad: Yes.
Ran: I get where you're coming from... and that's why I won't tell you to not be in it.
Ran: But that's not the same thing as me getting on stage with you. I do want to support you... but performing together? Nuh-uh, not a chance.
Ran's Dad: ... Okay, I understand. In that case, can I ask you to help me practice singing?
Ran: Huh?
Ran's Dad: You do support my decision, right? I could really use the experience you have singing at concerts.
Ran: Concerts and singing contests aren't the same...
Ran's Dad: It would mean a lot to me.
Ran: ... Sigh. Alright...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: So that's what's been happening~. Ah~, never have I witnessed such a beautiful bond of love between father and daughter~.
Ran: ... I'm only helping because he practically begged.
Tsugumi: Fufu. You really do care about your father a lot, after all.
Ran: That's so not it... It's just that if he's gonna be doing it, I don't want him doing anything stupid.
Moca: ... Sounds like we need to celebrate in advance with some cake so that your dad's performance goes well~.
Ran: Oh please, no.
Tsugumi: I think I'll prepare some tea that goes well with cake then.
Ran: Not you too, Tsugumi... Sigh...
Tsugumi: Fufufu♪ It would be great if a lot of people show up to see the contest, wouldn't it?


<A Meaningful Performance>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Station Entrance]

Ran: Showcasing the leaves while still including seasonal flowers...  And those flower containers... Wonder where they got those... That was an eye-opener, alright...
Ran: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello and Happy New Year.
Ran: You're out buying supplies in this cold? Sorry to hear that.
Ran: I'm on my way back from a flower arrangement exhibition by one of my dad's students.
Ran: Yeah, the one he mentioned during the singing contest. I'm surprised you remember. Wait... You were there?
Ran: ... Huh? You liked my dad's performance?
Ran: Well, the reception was pretty positive... but I didn't think you would've paid attention...
Ran: Mm-hmm. Of course I went to watch. The rest of the band was there too.
Ran: Worst time of my life... I lost count of the number of times Moca teased me while my dad was on stage...
Ran: Not that that was anything new. The teasing started well before the contest. She even suggested making uchiwa fans with blown-up photos of my dad.
Ran: Well, it's all over, so it doesn't matter anymore.
Ran: ... Yeah, my dad's performance wasn't half bad. He managed to sing confidently till the end... I'd say it was good enough for a passing grade.
Ran: But his reason for entering the contest in the first place was getting people to know more about flower arranging, so...
Ran: I didn't expect his students to arrange flowers on stage partway through, but it made an impression for sure.
Ran: It's hard to say if everything he did will get more people interested in flower arranging...
Ran: But the fact that you remembered and mentioned it to me means it probably worked to some degree...
Ran: Sigh... It was a lot of work, though.
Ran: My dad made me help him practice singing right up to the day of the contest.
Ran: But helping him practice and being the one doing the teaching was kind of a refreshing experience.
Ran: During breaks, he asked me what songs are popular now. That felt weird.
Ran: We've talked about my band, but not music that much... They're not the same thing, you know?
Ran: Most of it was just about the kind of songs that I like and what's popular... Nothing major.
Ran: Just a hunch, but we probably never would've talked about music either if it weren't for the contest...
Ran: Huh. I just noticed the time... I have flower arranging practice... See you around.
