1484_Ran Mitake_R2 Sakura-Colored After School

<Songs Like Photos>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Rooftop]

Ran: This part should be a bit more lively... I wonder if I should vary the tempo as well...
Moca: Ran~... Ah, I knew you'd be here~.
Ran: Moca? What's up?
Moca: Ran, you always run off somewhere as soon as class ends, so I came to find you~.
Ran: Ahh... I wanted to organize the ideas I had in class.
Moca: Come on~, Hii-chan was fuming about how you weren't replying to her message~.
Ran: Sorry about that. I got carried away with writing lyrics, so I didn't see it. I'll reply now.
Moca: Hoh hoh, Ran-sensei. Are you making good progress~?
Ran: Yeah. I'm not done yet though.
Moca: I can't wait to see what kind of song it'll turn out to be~.
Ran: So you're not gonna ask me to show it to you today?
Moca: There are times when I want you to show me and times when I want to save the fun for later~.
Ran: What's up with that? I don't really get it.
Moca: It's just your pal Moca-chan's complex and pure feelings~. Is the song you're thinking up now inspired by our sakura party the other night~?
Ran: Well, not just that, but... yeah, I guess. I'm impressed you knew.
Moca: I remembered you writing something in your notebook as we were looking at the flowers~.
Ran: ... You really do pay attention to small things like that.
Moca: My eyes are famous for not missing anything, after all~.
Ran: Yeah, yeah. But the song might turn out a little different from the ideas I wrote at the time.
Moca: Huh? Really~?
Ran: Remember how we met that alumna after that? I guess you could say I felt a lot after hearing her story.
Ran: I feel like I have to make sure I include everything in the song... Not just the fun from that night, but my other feelings as well.
Moca: I see~. I get the feeling that will make for quite a deep song~.
Moca: Mhm, I can't wait to see what kind of song it'll be~. I'll be looking forward to your creation, Ran-sensei~.
Ran: Yeah. Expect good things.
Moca: So this means our memories will once again give birth to a new masterpiece~.
Ran: I don't know if it'll be a masterpiece yet.
Moca: ... Speaking of which, when I saw the photos for the photo contest, I thought they were similar to when we perform the songs you write~.
Ran: My songs... are like photos? What do you mean?
Moca: When you look at photos like those, you can get an idea of what happened to the person and how they felt when they took the photo, right?
Moca: When we perform the songs you give us, I can tell how you must've felt when you wrote it, so I thought that was similar~.
Ran: ... Good point. If you think about it like that, they might be similar.
Moca: That's why I always look forward to hearing what you were feeling~.
Ran: ... Hmm.
Moca: What's this? Are you embarrassed~?
Ran: Not really... Anyway, I'm pretty sure that I put my feelings into it again this time.
Moca: Say~, can I watch you write the song for a little longer~?
Ran: Yeah, yeah, suit yourself.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Preserving "That Day">

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Station Entrance]

Ran: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hey.
Ran: What am I doing right now? Hrm... Thinking as I'm taking a walk, I guess.
Ran: No, it's not some serious worry or anything like that. I was just thinking about my next flower arrangement piece.
Ran: I was thinking about using sakura for my main motif, but I'm having trouble pinning down a direction.
Ran: I mean, when it comes to sakura trees, there are various types, right?
Ran: The kind that stand silently where there's no one around and the kind that bloom brightly in spots where everyone goes aren't the same.
Ran: I think they both have their own good qualities, so I can't decide...
Ran: ... Ahh, I see. I should think about it in relation to my own memories, huh...?
Ran: You've got a point. Expanding my impression of them based on the scenery I've actually seen might be good.
Ran: In that case... I guess something like that one time would be best... Okay, I think I have a good idea for the direction of my piece now.
Ran: ... What was I picturing? I guess I can tell you, but make sure you don't tell Moca or the others.
Ran: ... I was picturing the sakura I saw with all of Afterglow the other night.
Ran: I remember a lot of different stuff. Not just the scenery, but even the food stalls that we went to.
Ran: I figure I'll be able to put my feelings from that time into my work.
Ran: It's not like I'm treasuring my memories with everyone... Well, they are precious, of course...
Ran: Having memories like that just makes it easier to put my emotions into my work.
Ran: Well, anyway, thanks for the advice... It helped.
Ran: I'm planning on showing the work at my next solo exhibition. Come see it if you've got time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
