1487_Ran Mitake_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Interesting. Thanks, looking forward to it.

<Japanese Party-Enhancing Flavor>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Tomoe: Your singing's real crisp today, Ran!
Ran: I suppose so. You, on the other hand, were running way ahead with the rhythm, Tomoe.
Tomoe: My bad! Just really looking forward to your birthday party after practice.
Ran: Why are you the one getting excited?
Tsugumi: We're starting to stumble here and there, so how about we take a break?
Himari: Agreed~!
Moca: Hey, Ran~. Happen to have that tea you let me drink during lunch~?
Ran: There should still be some in the flask. All yours.
Moca: Nice~. This tea is so amazing that it's already become a favorite of mine.
Himari: What's going on? Did you bring some kind of special tea, Ran? I want a sip too~!
Moca: No need to panic, Hii-chan. Here you go~.
Himari: What is this stuff?! It's, like, really delicious! I don't think I've ever experienced such an incredible aroma like this before! Does this happen to be super pricey?!
Ran: Not as much as you think, Himari.
Himari: Seriously?! It smells and tastes really expensive though... Hey, Tomoe, you have to try this!
Ran: One of my dad's students gave us this green tea. I've been drinking it a lot lately because of how refreshing and easy to drink it was when I first tried it.
Tomoe: This is seriously good, Ran! Bet it'll taste great with the birthday cake~!
Ran: I dunno...  I'm not sure how well it'll go with whipped cream...
Tsugumi: Oh, the cake this time uses wasanbon sugar! It's a Japanese-style cake that my mom and I came up with.
Ran: Interesting. Thanks, looking forward to it.
Moca: Ah. If we drink all the tea now, we won't have any to enjoy with the cake~... Bummer~.
Ran: ... If you want some that badly, want me to swing by my place and grab a pack?
Tsugumi: Oh, in that case, why don't we all go with you before going to my place?
Moca: Ran, you rock~. Thanks~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What Goes Best with Tea?>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Hm? Oh, Ran! All alone today?
Ran: Hello, Lisa-san. It's just me because I'm shopping for some tools for flower arrangement practice.
Lisa: I see~. Oh yeah! By the way, congratulations! It was your birthday the other day, right?
Ran: ...! Th-thank you. I didn't expect to be congratulated...
Lisa: Fufu. I've been hearing from Moca~☆ She said you were shedding tears of joy when they gave you a flower arrangement vase♪
Ran: There weren't any tears...! Although it is true that I did appreciate it. She spiced up the story way too much.
Lisa: Ahaha~. It sounded like all of you enjoyed yourselves, at least.
Ran: Well... I guess you could say so.
Lisa: Ah, by the way, Moca also mentioned the tea she had during the party was amazing...
Lisa: Any chance you could share some details?
Ran: Sure... Fufufu.
Lisa: What's with the sudden chuckling?
Ran: Oh, it's just that Moca said she liked the tea, but I had no idea she thinks so highly of it that she went and told you.
Lisa: I'm getting even more curious now since it's Moca who's taken a liking to it!
Ran: It's just regular green tea that happens to have a really nice aroma, though... Ah, that dark green box on the upper right of the shelf over there...
Lisa: Whoa, that box? If the packaging's any indication, it looks pretty pricey...
Ran: But it's also really easy to drink because it doesn't have as much of that characteristic green tea bitterness.
Lisa: Huh~, interesting. Ah, there's even hojicha tea!
Ran: Oh, that one. I've been eyeing it for a while, but I haven't been able to decide whether to get it or not.
Lisa: Maybe I'll grab that~. Start with a pretty basic green tea... No, but... So hard to decide~.
Lisa: Which one do you think goes better with cookies? The hojicha?
Ran: I've never tried, but green tea did go really well with the wasanbon cream cake Tsugumi baked for my birthday. It's not the same thing though.
Lisa: I see... Ah! Maybe brown sugar cookies could work!
Ran: I can see Western-style snacks that use ingredients found in Japanese cooking working.
Lisa: Hmm~... Alright, I've decided! I'm grabbing both☆
Lisa: And I want you to have some of the cookies I bake. My way of saying thanks for giving me that nice idea☆
Ran: Really? Are you sure?
Lisa: You also told me about the tea Moca likes, so let me repay you♪ We can try out the cookies with the tea here.
Ran: I like the sound of that. Can't wait.
Lisa: If you're already done shopping, how about we go to the cashier together?
Ran: Sure. It should be...
Lisa: Ah, wait! I still need to buy cookie ingredients.
Ran: Fufu, I'll keep you company.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
