1528_Ran Mitake_R3 Sunlight through Clouds

<Your Spot, But...>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: ... That was pretty good. Tsugumi, your arrangement just now wasn't bad.
Tsugumi: Thank goodness. I thought over it a lot yesterday! Actually, I have more ideas I'd like to give a try...
Moca: Before that, can we go for a break~? We've been going for almost three hours now~.
Tomoe: Whoa, you're right. We were really in the zone.
Ran: Alright, let's take a little break then. Tsugumi, can you wait until after?
Tsugumi: Of course! Breaks are important after all.
Ran: Okay, then let's have a ten-minute break. We'll pick back up after that.
Tomoe: Ahh, it feels kinda stuffy being in the studio this long. It's not raining today, so I'm gonna go outside for a breath of fresh air.
Moca: I'll come with~.
Tsugumi: I think I will too.
Himari: ...
Ran: ... Himari, what's wrong? Don't you wanna go with Tomoe and the others?
Himari: I kinda feel like staying in here right now. Nothing's going on though, so don't worry.
Ran: You say that, but your face says otherwise. Plus you're grinning. Do I have something on my face?
Himari: That's not it~! And I'm not grinning either!
Himari: It's just I was thinking about how cool you are when you're standing behind the mic~...
Himari: That spot really does belong to you, Ran~!
Ran: ... Huh? Wh-what's gotten into you...?
Himari: Seeing you reminded me how I couldn't pull it off at all the last time I stood there~.
Ran: The last time...? You mean when we decided to not take part in the Future World Fes?
Himari: Yeah! At the time, I thought that if I stood before the mic I'd be able to say what I wanted to all cool like you do, but...
Himari: When I actually gave it a try, my mind went blank and I couldn't speak very well, so I wasn't cool at all~.
Ran: ...
Ran: That's not true.
Himari: Huh?
Ran: I could definitely see that you were nervous...
Ran: But I could tell how earnest you were. I knew right away that you were thinking seriously about Afterglow.
Ran: That's why you were really cool then.
Himari: ... Ran~!
Ran: Okay, okay. It's stuffy, so you don't need to hug me like that...
Himari: Come on~! How could I not be super happy after you tell me something like that~?!
Moca: We're back~... Hey, what's up with you two?
Himari: Fufu. Well, you see~...
Ran: It's nothing. C'mon, everyone's back now, so break time's over. Let's get back to practice.
Himari: Okay! Let's give it everything we've got!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Himari-chan, you're totally motivated.
Himari: You bet! Thanks to Ran, I'm ready and raring to go!
Himari: I can't settle things in a flash like Ran does...
Himari: But I'm not her, so I realized I should do the things I can do!
Himari: We're not Roselia, we're Afterglow! And I'm not Ran Mitake, I'm Himari Uehara!
Tomoe: Haha, you said it, Himari. There are things that only Afterglow can do... and there are things that only you can do.
Tomoe: Plus, one Ran is more than enough!
Ran: That's rich coming from you, Tomoe.
Tomoe, Moca, Tsugumi & Himari: Ahaha! Fufufu.
Himari: Okay~, let's give it our all! Here we go...!
Himari: Hey, hey, hoh~!
Tomoe, Ran, Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Himari: Whaaat~?! You won't even join me for that now?!
Moca: Nah~, it's still a little early for that~. I guess you could say we don't have enough hey, hey, hoh power~.
Himari: Ohh! What does that even mean~?
Ran: Fufu, maybe next time. If it happens.
Himari: You guys are hopeless... Okay! How far along did we get during practice?
Tomoe: I'm pretty sure there was an arrangement you wanted to try out, right, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Right! Um, first, I wanted to do this with this section...
Ran: I see. In that case, we should change this part too...
Ran: Okay, that's settled. Are you guys ready...? Alright then, here we go.


<Our Own Path>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Record Shop]

Marina: Ah, I've been curious about this band's new release. Since we're here, maybe I should go ahead and buy it.
Marina: Huh? Look over there. Is that...
Ran: ...
Marina: Hello, Ran-chan.
Ran: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: You looked like you were really focusing. Is there something that caught your attention?
Ran: Yeah, I guess. It's this corner here...
Marina: Is this... a special Roselia corner?
Ran: Yeah. Seems like they're running a campaign.
Marina: You're right. The sign handmade too, so a lot of effort went into it. This is amazing~.
Ran: Yeah, I think so too.
Ran: ... If the othersand I had seen this not too long ago, we probably would've thought about wanting to catch up with them.
Marina: Does that mean that's not the case now?
Ran: Yeah. I do think it's incredible that Roselia went pro.
Ran: But we no longer want to aim for the same place as them, nor do we want to catch up with them anymore.
Ran: Because as Afterglow, we want to follow our own path.
Marina: I see. You know, you've got this kind of refreshed look about you, Ran-chan.
Ran: I'm sure that's thanks to Himari.
Ran: The other day, she told me I'm cool when I stand confidently in front of the mic.
Ran: It was embarrassing, but... it made me kinda happy.
Ran: Because it made me think that, if what she said was true, then I should hold my head up high and follow the path that I think is cool.
Ran: We'll keep aiming to put on the greatest show ever. If you'd like, please come to one of our concerts again.
Marina: Okay, I look forward to it!
