1534_Ran Mitake_R4 A Promise at Dusk

Gacha phrase: It's been a while since we've talked, just the two of us, Minato-san.

<Everything We Want>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: Okay, I think that's enough for today. Good job, everyone!
Ran: Nice work... I think we came together pretty well.
Moca: Whoa~, a rare compliment from Ran~. I've gotta agree with you there, though. I was on a roll today.
Tomoe: The vibes have been good since that beach trip!
Tsugumi: Fufu, it was a nice change of pace.
Himari: Right? I thought so too! I've actually got an idea...
Moca: Hii-chan, are you gonna suggest we go somewhere again~?
Himari: Ooft! H-how did you know...?
Tomoe: Well... you did spend the whole break looking up places you wanna go on your phone. Just like in our last practice.
Himari: B-but, but! You just said it was a nice change of pace!
Himari: We decided to enter competitions to find our ultimate concert, right?
Himari: So if we change it up here and there, it'll help us play the best show we possibly can~!
Tsugumi: Hmm... It does sound fun, but...
Tomoe: We just went to the beach the other day. Feels a bit too soon to go somewhere again...
Himari: Ngh... I guess so...
Ran: ... I agree with Himari.
Himari: Yeh, I knew you'd be against it, Ran... Wait, what?!
Moca: What's this~? Hii-chan is receiving backup from an unexpected source~.
Himari: Yeah! Did I hear you right?!
Tomoe: I figured Ran would be the one most against the idea... Ah, don't tell me this time you've teamed up with someone to plan a surprise for us.
Ran: No, it's nothing like that.
Ran: It's just that the stuff we talked about at the beach is still floating around in my head.
Moca: I see, I see. And that is~?
Ran: This is our last summer as high school second-years.
Ran: I was reminded that the time we're spending together only exists here and now...
Ran: So I wanna make the absolute most of it.
Ran: I'm not saying this for Himari's sake or to make her happy.
Ran: It's just how I feel.
Himari: Ran~...!
Ran: That doesn't mean I'm gonna cut corners at practice.
Himari: Of course not! We're going to give both things our all, obviously!
Tomoe: Well, if you put it like that, I'm in. I don't wanna leave any loose ends.
Tsugumi: Me too! I think I was forming a one-track mind from looking at all these competition flyers.
Moca: It's a good thing Hii-chan does everything at her own pace~.
Himari: What~?! Speak for yourself, Moca!
Tomoe: Haha. Well then, let's have the ultimate summer as second-years!
Moca, Tsugumi & Himari: Yeah!
Moca: Ah, but if we go to the beach again, I'll melt for real this time. So I wanna go somewhere else~.
Himari: Fufu, got it! I've actually already got a few things in mind~!
Ran: ... Thought so.
Himari: You're in good hands~. Check this out, everyone!
Tomoe: Lemme see... Oh, this summer festival in the next town over looks cool.
Himari: Yeah, I thought so too! What about you, Tsugu? Does anything catch your eye?
Tsugumi: Let's see... I like~...
Ran: ...
Moca: Gosh~. Ran, Hii-chan, you sure are greedy~.
Ran: Fufu, what's wrong with being greedy? Let's grab hold of everything we wanna do and do it.


<A Not Bad Trip to the Beach>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, good job. I think it's time for a short break.
Marina: Oh, isn't that Ran-chan over there? Hey, Ran-chan.
Ran: ... Ah. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello, Ran-chan. Huh? Do you have practice scheduled today?
Ran: Oh, no. I wanted something cold to drink and stopped by.
Marina: I see. It's another hot day today~.
Marina: By the way, I heard from Yukina-chan that you all went to the beach the other day.
Ran: Ah, yeah. We did. Everyone from Roselia and Afterglow.
Marina: Is that so? Apparently, it's only going to get hotter. Maybe I should go to the beach too.
Ran: Yeah, why not? It's good to relax once in a while.
Marina: Were you able to relax, Ran-chan?
Ran: Yeah, more or less. The others had a fun time as well. I wasn't expecting to stay there until the sun went down.
Ran: But I'm glad I went. On the way home, I had the chance to chat with Minato-san about a lot of stuff.
Marina: Oh? What did you talk about?
Ran: Nothing important, really. Just that we'd like to hold a joint concert again someday.
Ran: We don't know when it will be exactly... But when it happens, there's no way we're gonna lose.
Ran: The next time we stand on the same stage, we'll be in perfect form and face them head-on... And we'll win.
Marina: Whoa, you sure are determined.
Ran: Am I...? Well, that's the kind of drive you need to face a band like Roselia.
Marina: It's good to have a rival like that. You can help each other become better!
Ran: Yeah... I guess so. It is one source of my motivation.
Marina: Fufu, well, when that day comes, I'd love for you to hold the show here.
Marina: I'm sure it'll be amazing!
Ran: Of course. Please look forward to it.
Ran: Well then, I'm gonna get going. I've finished my drink.
Marina: Okay, come back anytime. You're always welcome here, whether it's for practice or to take a break.
Ran: Thank you. Well then, see you next time at the studio.
