1616_Ran Mitake_R3 Scream!!!

<A Prank for a Prank>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Day Off]

[Studio]

Moca: We nailed it~! This feels like the epic beginning of the legend of Afterglow~.
Ran: Yeah, that wasn't bad.
Tomoe: Hey, how about we take a breather?
Tsugumi & Himari: ...!
Himari: O-okay. I guess we could rest for a few minutes!
Tsugumi: Oh wow~. We've been practicing for a while! Yeah, let's take a break~...!
Tomoe: I'm going to grab a drink from the café.
Moca: I'll go with you~.
Ran: Ah, wait, you two. Why don't we drink this?
Tomoe: Hrm? Is that green tea?
Himari: Oh, my gosh! Isn't that that super healthy, super delicious tea?!
Tsugumi: I-I've heard of that too! It's supposed to clear a cold in an instant!
Tomoe: Is there really a magical drink that can do that...?
Moca: Hey, why do Hii-chan and Tsugu know about it~?
Tsugumi & Himari: Uh...
Ran: I told them that my father got some nice green tea from one of his students.
Ran: And they said they'd like to try it with everyone, so I brought some.
Himari: Y-yeah! I was curious because I heard the green tea leaves are super high-quality!
Tsugumi: M-me too! If it's good, I was thinking of asking my parents if we could serve it at the café!
Moca: Hmm... Something seems fishy~.
Tomoe: You got that right. Thanks for the offer, but... I feel like Himari and Tsugu are hiding something.
Ran: ... That makes it sound like I brought something weird.
Moca: Then you drink this tea, Ran~.
Ran: I don't understand why you're acting so suspicious...
Ran: See? It's just plain old green tea. It smells nicer than the usual green tea I drink.
Tomoe: ... You drank it, and you seem okay. Is it really safe to drink this?
Ran: If you don't want any, just say so.
Tomoe: Wait~, I'm sorry. I'll have some. Thanks. Down the hatch~.
Ran, Himari & Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe: Ugh! It's so bitter! No, it's sour?! What the heck is this?!
Ran: Ahahaha!
Tsugumi & Himari: We did it~! We pranked her~!
Moca: C'mon now~. I can't believe you fell for something so sketchy~.
Tomoe: But Ran was drinking it, and she was fine...
Moca: Tomo-chin, you're still oh so naive~. Ran handed you a different kind of tea than the one she just drank~.
Tomoe: Say what?! She did...?
Moca: My keen detective's eye saw Ran's tea before we started practicing. It was different from the one you drank.
Moca: Therefore! The tea that Ran is holding now is a cup with the real high-quality tea in it~!
Ran: You really don't miss a thing, Moca...
Tomoe: If you noticed something, you should've told me~. Wait, why is this even happening?
Himari: You're the ones who pranked us first, remember~?! I really did start to believe you!
Ran: Himari is still a little upset about what you two did, so she suggested we play a prank of our own.
Tsugumi: And then Ran-chan said she had a good idea for the prank, so... Sorry, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Himari, you're still angry...? But I thought we were even after you made us go on the coffee cups again.
Himari: That was that, and this is this!
Ran: Hey, I made this tea for both of you, so down it all.
Tomoe: What? Are you serious...?
Moca: Thanks, but no thanks~. Ran~, lemme get the tea that Tomo-chin didn't drink~.
Ran: Fine, but you really should drink the same one Tomoe did... Here.
Moca: Yay~, high-quality green tea~. Time for some premium refreshment... Gulp, gulp...
Moca: Yuck~! This is bitter and sour too~! Sadness~...
Ran: Fufufu, I knew you'd ask for the other tea.
Ran: Sorry, but they're both the bitter-sour green tea. I actually like this one a lot.
Himari: Huh?! Really?! But I thought one of them was regular-tasting green tea.
Tsugumi: So did I. Maybe you're the best actor out of all of us...!
Ran: Well, seeing you two get so nervous actually made me relax.
Tsugumi: Y-yeah, I guess so... Ahaha.
Moca: Ugh~, this bitter-sour taste has made a home in my mouth~. I'm gonna go buy something sweet to drink...
Tomoe: I'll join you...
Ran: I hope you've learned your lesson. If you're going to play pranks, then you better be ready to deal with the consequences.


<Knowing Isn’t Obvious>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Why don't we take a break? We can get the special Halloween drink and- Ah, Ran-chan.
Ran: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi.
Marina: Are you here for the special Halloween drink too?
Ran: Yes. Himari recommended it, so I wanted to see what it's like.
Marina: I heard some of the marshmallows in the drinks are secretly filled with sour jam.
Ran: Oh, really? I guess this is another Halloween prank, huh?
Marina: Fufu. Just a little cute one.
Ran: ... Something fun like this is okay, but it's not cool to trick people.
Marina: It sounds like you've had some experience with that...Did something happen to you?
Ran: It wasn't really a big deal, but...
Ran: Tomoe and Moca pretended to switch bodies when we were at the Halloween event at the amusement park the other day,
Marina: Oh, yeah, they told me a bit about that.
Marina: Even if they were pretending, switching bodies sounds like something neat from a movie...
Ran: Movies are one thing, but this is real life. I didn't think it was possible.
Ran: We've been together for years, so I should've seen through a huge lie like that right away.
Marina: It sounds like... you kind of believed them a little, huh?
Ran: I didn't. Not at all. But... for one tiny second... I thought, "What if they really did switch?"
Marina: Ahaha... Maybe they were so convincing because you all are childhood friends.
Ran: Yeah, I guess so... Tomoe was the worst, though. She said stuff that Moca would say exactly when Moca would say it.
Ran: Sigh... I should've known they weren't telling the truth about something like that.
Ran: But then again... maybe not.
Marina: What do you mean?
Ran: We think we know each other so well since we've grown up together, but thinking like that has caused us to have plenty of misunderstandings.
Ran: Being around friends wouldn't be such a challenge sometimes if you knew everything about them.
Marina: Fufu, maybe.
Marina: ... Ah, it looks like your drink is here. You must be excited to find out what flavor marshmallows you got.
Ran: Time... to see how this is... Ugh! It's sour...!
