1677_Ran Mitake_R4 A Vow at the End

Gacha phrase: Today, we settle the score here.

<Here Where the Wind Blows>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Music Room]

Ran: (She's not here...)
Ran: (... Why am I going out of my way to find her...?)
Ran: ... I'm going to the roof.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: It's so cold...
Ran: (I wasn't planning to come here on a day like this... But... I feel like this is the best place to organize the notes for my lyrics...)
Ran: (I've got to get my feelings from the joint show the other day on paper before they slip away.)
Ran: ...
Ran: (Minato-san's voice... In the past, it seemed to pierce right through you, but now it's different. Now it's more-)
Yukina: Mitake-san.
Ran: ...! Minato-san...? What are you doing here...?
Yukina: I was leaving the staff room when I saw you heading to the roof. I was hoping to speak with you for a moment... but perhaps I am interrupting.
Ran: No, you're not interrupting at all...
Ran & Yukina: ...
Ran: Um... About our joint show the other day... I wanted to thank you again.
Ran: You guys are pretty busy now, but I asked you to make time for us anyway. So, um, I appreciate that you did...
Yukina: I am also grateful.
Ran: Huh?
Yukina: If you had not demanded we have our rematch now and not some other time, it would not have happened as soon as it did.
Yukina: I think it was a such meaningful joint concert for Roselia precisely because it took place now. Therefore, I would like to thank you.
Ran: ...
Yukina: What is it?
Ran: Nothing... I just didn't expect you to thank me.
Ran: I thought you were going to say how this cocky underclassman spoke selfishly again... I couldn't blame you if you felt that way.
Yukina: Well...
Ran: ... I was right, wasn't I?
Ran & Yukina: Fufu...
Ran: We had this conversation before too, didn't we? ... You could've just told me to stop being so arrogant.
Yukina: That part of you has always been very intriguing to me.
Ran: And for you to say it that way only shows that you really never change.
Yukina: Is that a problem? How our conversations make me feel is important to me.
Yukina: Whenever I speak with you, I always feel as if I am re-evaluating myself.
Ran: What do you mean...?
Yukina: You are frank with others. You do not hesitate to tell them exactly how you feel.
Yukina: When you look at me with those piercing eyes, I feel like you are asking me in that moment, "Who are you, really?"
Yukina: You are the only person I know who challenges me like that.
Ran: ... R-really?
Ran: ... Umm... So... Hey, h-how's the tour going now?
Yukina: We are halfway through it. Roselia will leave Tokyo again this week but return to celebrate the last day of the tour with a concert here.
Yukina: ... Mitake-san?
Ran: Yes?
Yukina: For our final concert... I would like for Afterglow to attend if possible.
Ran: ...! Is that why you came up here?
Yukina: No, I only thought to say since I was here.
Ran: You did...? Then, why did you come to the roof..?
Yukina: There was no significant reason why. I just thought this might be the last time I would have a chance to speak with you... on the roof.
Ran: The last chance...
Yukina: Yes, I thought it would be nice for us to hold a conversation one final time on the roof with the wind blowing wildly around us.
Yukina: This is me being selfish.
Ran: ...
Ran: ... We will go to the last concert of your tour. I'm excited to see what Roselia will have to show us after touring the country.
Yukina: Yes, please look forward to it.
Yukina: ... Thank you for your time. I have said what I wanted to, so I will excuse myself now. Goodbye.
Ran: ... She said this might be the last time we talk up here, but after saying what she wanted, she left right away... I guess that's just how she is, though.
Ran: ... The last time, huh...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Yukina: We vow to continue being a band that Afterglow can be proud of.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ran: (To keep being a band that doesn't let Roselia down... What kind of band does Afterglow want to become...?)
Ran: ... What do we need to do to create our own legend..?
(White cut)


<Afterglow's Own Path>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Edogawa Music]

Ran: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi.
Marina: Ran-chan! Hey there. You came to buy guitar strings?
Ran: Yes, I've worn mine down pretty good.
Marina: Hrm? Already? When I saw you at CiRCLE last time, I thought you said you had just put on some new strings...
Ran: Ah... It's probably because I was using them so much getting ready for our joint show with Roselia.
Marina: Oh, right! Yoshiko from Galaxy told me about that. She said it was a show that'll go down in girl band history.
Ran: She did...? She's really over-hyping it.
Marina: It's been a while since Afterglow and Roselia did a show together, right? I wish I could've seen it too~.
Ran: ... Actually, I decided Afterglow was going to do it without even talking to the others first. They were shocked when I told them about it.
Marina: Oh, really? I thought both bands had already agreed to do another show together.
Ran: Minato-san and I had promised each other a rematch someday, but I had a feeling we might never follow through with it...
Ran: I just couldn't stand the thought of our promise becoming another memory. So before I realized what I had done, I had asked her to play us.
Marina: I see. So how was the joint show you had been dying to play?
Ran: ... Roselia was incredible, like I knew they would be.
Ran: The music that Minato-san and the others played was an accumulation of everything they had done till now...
Ran: They decided their futures while they were still teens, and I could definitely feel how determined they are to make it as pros through their music.
Ran: Their sound has leveled up since the first day of their tour too. They keep heading to the top... I think that's what makes Roselia so amazing.
Marina: Yeah, lately, Roselia's drive has been extraordinary.
Ran: And that's exactly why I feel like we could also face them with everything we had.
Ran: The things we wanted Roselia to feel, the sound we wanted Roselia to hear, we hit them with every single piece of us.
Ran: ... But even with all that, we still couldn't reach their level. It sucks, but the show really opened my eyes to the fact that right now Roselia is here, and we're down here.
Marina: I see... It's never easy to admit you're not as good as someone else.
Ran: ... No, it isn't. But I feel like doing that has helped me let go of something.
Ran: After giving our all at the show, I finally realized this.
Ran: All Afterglow needs to do is keep walking its own path.
Ran: And if we can be a band that keeps impressing Roselia and a rival they can be proud of, then I'm good with that...
Marina: You sound pretty motivated! I'm even more excited to see what Afterglow does in the future.
Ran: So I am. We won't let you down. We'll give the greatest show ever.
Ran: Well, I'll be going. I've got band practice starting soon.
Marina: Alright. Work hard! See you~.
