1709_Ran Mitake_R4 Brand New Morning

Gacha phrase: We're definitely going to get there... To the ultimate show.

<Mitake-Style Dual-Wielding>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Himari: Guys~! I've got some big news for you!
Moca: Did you forget your bento~?
Himari: No~! I most certainly did not~!
Tomoe: So, what's this big news all about?
Himari: Ah, right! I was scrolling through social media this morning... when I found this article!
Tsugumi: Good morning, guys!
Ran: Himari, we could hear you all the way from the hallway. What's going on?
Tomoe: What's this...? "Exclusive Look into the Mitake Style of Flower Arrangement"...
Ran: Hey...! Wh-where did you find that?
Moca: Is it an article about Ran's daddy dearest~?
Tomoe: Wow, your old man's pretty incredible to be getting his own article like this!
Himari: He is... but look at this picture! The person helping behind Ran's dad is...!
Tsugumi: Ah, it's Ran-chan!
Himari: Yep! That's her! Ran, you're famous!
Ran: Famous...? Not even close. Besides, this article is about my dad...
Himari: But, but, you come up a lot in the article!
Moca: If you look closely, you're in a bunch of the pictures~.
Tsugumi: It looks like you're working hard to help your dad in this one! You've been doing a lot of training for flower arrangement, haven't you?
Ran: Well... I've been doing my best.
Tomoe: You're a little cutoff, but I can still tell it's you! See? Look at this one! That's your head in the bottom right of the picture, isn't it?
Ran: Don't zoom in so much...!
Himari: You're in the pictures, but have you read the interview? They talk a lot about you~!
Moca: Seems like it wouldn't be a stretch to say this article's really about Ran~.
Ran: I'm not in it that much. They just talk about how the students are studying to take the assistant instructor exam...!
Himari: Guys, look! Right here! Check out this comment!
Tsugumi: What's it say? Oh wow! Someone wrote, "She's amazing~!" People left a lot of really nice comments about Ran-chan!
Ran: Tsugumi, I'm begging you, don't read those out loud...!
Moca: In the future, this girl's gonna be holding a pick in her right hand and a kenzan flower frog in her left~.
Himari: We'll have to get your autograph before you blow up♪
Tsugumi: Fufu. In that case, maybe I'll ask for a handshake.
Tomoe: Sup, Grand Master Ran~!
Ran: Cut it out...! Don't say stuff like that... Besides, it's not like I'm thinking that far ahead anyway. I'm just...
Himari: Yeah?
Ran: I'm just trying to make sure I do what's needed for my flower arrangement training so I can focus on the GBT that's coming up.
Ran: I want to... prioritize Afterglow as much as I can.
Himari, Tomoe, Moca & Tsugumi: ...!
Himari: I'm going to work hard too! For the GBT... No, for Afterglow!
Tomoe: You got that right! I'm gonna grind like crazy.
Tsugumi: Me too! Let's all do our best to prepare for the GBT!
Moca: Looks like you've lit a fire in our hearts, Ran~.
Ran: It's not like I was trying to...
Himari: Ah! Did we have homework... for first period today?
Ran: Yeah. Wait, you didn't do it?
Himari: I-I totally forgot about it~!
Ran: The GBT's coming... but focus on your schoolwork first.


<Because We Have Each Other>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Residential Area]

Ran: Ah... {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Ran: We don't have band practice today, so I went shopping. I needed to get a few flower arrangement supplies.
Ran: How am I handling flower arrangement and band practice? I've gotten pretty used to it.
Ran: But I think I'm about to get even busier. I've finally gotten serious about my training for the assistant instructor exam.
Ran: I didn't care much for it before, but now I genuinely want to do it.
Ran: I'm planning to do my best no matter what. But... thanks for saying that.
Ran: Things at school... are different now, but I'm doing my best to adapt.
Ran: And it's not just me. It's all of Afterglow.
Ran: Tsugumi became president of the student council, and Tomoe started working part-time with Masuki.
Ran: Himari and Moca... are seniors too, and it sounds like they've started thinking about what they want to do in the future.
Ran: We're all in our last year of high school. It feels like we got here so fast.
Ran: It's not like I'm sad the seniors aren't around anymore... I guess I'm just not used to it yet.
Ran: But I think that'll also become a part of our "same as always."
Ran: Anyway, that's what it's been like lately. Studying for college entrance exams, training for flower arrangement, and practicing for the GBT...
Ran: I'm insanely busy, but it doesn't feel like it's more than I can handle.
Ran: Why...? I guess it's because I feel like each of us in Afterglow is working hard together.
Ran: Because we're always there for each other, no matter what life throws at us.
Ran: Of course, Afterglow is going to keep pushing forward with everything it's got like always.
Ran: I hope that's what the others want to do too...
Ran: Ah, I'm sorry. I have to get back and train for flower arrangement. See you around.
