1713_Ran Mitake_R5 Past Longing

Gacha phrase: ... We're already third-years, huh...

<A Photo by a Maestro>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Moca: Guys~, did you bring it~? The photos for the photo contest~.
Ran: Yeah. I mean, we did all agree to bring one.
Tomoe: I've got mine too!
Himari: Same! And mine's super awesome!
Tsugumi: Thanks, everyone! I'm so happy all of you have entered the contest!
Ran: How could we not lend a hand after seeing you work so hard to prepare for it?
Tomoe: Totally! I made sure to spread the word to our classmates and the guys in the dance club.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Tomoe-chan! We've been getting a lot of submissions.
Ran: The theme for the contest is school life, right?
Himari: Yup~! What kinda photos did you guys take? Show me, show me~!
Moca: Hii-chan, didn't you just say yours is super awesome~? I'm really curious~.
Himari: Aw~, I was planning to show mine at the end and blow you guys away~!
Ran: Wow, that's a lot of confidence.
Himari: Of course! I did take an awesome picture, after all. Maybe I'll even win this year's contest♪
Tomoe: Ahaha, you sure you should be raising the bar for yourself that much?
Himari: Completely! I really am proud of how it turned out~♪ Here's my photo~... Ta-dah~!
Ran: This is...
Himari: I took a selfie with sakura petals floating on the water in the background~!
Tsugumi: Now that I think about it, Himari-chan, you did say you wanted to submit a photo with floating sakura petals for last year's contest!
Ran: A river full of sakura petals with sakura branches extending from the top left... Yeah, not bad. Feels very spring.
Moca: This certainly is one deeply deep photo~. But isn't the theme supposed to be school life~?
Tomoe: Now that you mention it... it is, huh?
Himari: I-it's still related to school! Look, I'm wearing my uniform in the picture, aren't I? So it still counts!
Ran: ... It does?
Tsugumi: S-speaking as a student council representative, it does! Probably...!
Tomoe: Alright, mine's next, I'm guessing! Sorry, guys, but I'm winning this one!
Himari: Is this... a photo of the dance club?
Tomoe: Yeah! It's a picture of the underclassmen dancing. See here? Ako's in it too.
Ran: Oh... So that's what this afterimage is. Wait, then this afterimage... is also Ako. Fufu, looks like there are three Akos.
Moca: I wonder when she mastered the art of making shadow clones~.
Tomoe: What the?! It's called taking a picture that looks like it'll come alive and start moving any moment!
Tsugumi: I-I see. This is a really cool photograph that shows how impressive the dance club is.
Tomoe: I know, right? I knew you'd understand~, Tsugu! What's yours like anyway, Moca?
Moca: Fu, fu, fu. This is my finest work yet~. Behold~.
Ran: ... What the heck is this photo? It just looks like a bunch of bread laid out on a desk.
Moca: Correction, only one of these is an actual bun~. The rest are all stationery that look like buns. Can you guess which one's real?
Ran: ... Is it this one?
Moca: Nope~. That's a pencil case~.
Himari: Seriously~?! It totally looks like a baguette~!
Tsugumi: Ahaha. That's a very playful photograph. I can really feel your unique brand of school life from it, Moca-chan.
Himari: Ngh~, I was so sure I'd win, but you guys are putting up some stiff competition~.
Moca: Last one up is you, Ran~. Come on, come on~.
Ran: Stop rushing me.
Tsugumi: Knowing you, Ran-chan, I'm guessing you have something pretty amazing.
Ran: Don't get too hyped... Here's mine.
Tomoe: Whoa! Sunset on the roof... Is that Tsugu in the foreground?
Tsugumi: You're right! When did you take this, Ran-chan?
Ran: The other day when we all went to the roof. I thought the way you were gazing at the sunset looked kinda nice from behind.
Himari: Isn't this photo just totally mind-blowing?! Everything from the magical setting sun and sky to the way Tsugu is standing is just perfect!
Moca: You really are a genuine maestro. You even look at things so differently from the rest of us~.
Tomoe: It's definitely a cut above~! This settles it, I say. We have ourselves our winner!
Ran: Cut it out, will you?
Tsugumi: Fufu. Thanks for all these great photographs, everyone! The student council will make sure they're put on display properly.
Ran: ... Moca, what are you staring for?
Moca: Oh~, I was just thinking about how the roof equals school life for you~.
Ran: I just happened to take this picture there, alright?
Moca: Just happened to~, eh~?
Ran: ... Shut up, Moca.
Himari: Hey, hey, how about we head to the roof now? I feel like taking a picture like Ran's!
Tsugumi: Oh, nice! I'd like to try too!
Tomoe: Alright! Let's all go then!
Moca: Hey~, wait, Tomo-chin~. Come on, Ran~.
Ran: Yeah. Coming.


<Feelings through Sound>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Today got pretty hectic, huh? Great work! Here, have a coffee.
Marina: Hey, is that...?
Ran: Ah... Hello.
Marina: Hi! Wait, it's already time for that reservation you girls made?
Ran: No, I came a little early. I wanted to start organizing the phrases and stuff for our new song.
Ran: I've been writing down the lyrics, melody, and my image of the song in my notebook before I forget.
Ran: Lately, my flower arrangement lessons have gone into full gear, so all my time has been spent studying for that as soon as I arrive home.
Marina: I see. You sound busy. Try not to overdo it.
Ran: I won't. Thank you. I've been making sure to take breathers when I'm tired though.
Marina: Breathers are important, alright. Have you been going places?
Ran: The other day, me and the rest of the band went to Tomoe's workplace.
Marina: If I remember correctly, she's started part-time work at Galaxy Ramen, right?
Ran: Yeah. We made it a mini-surprise by not telling her... She was really surprised but also happy.
Marina: Fufufu, nice. Sounds like it was fun!
Ran: I feel like being able to take those little breaks is what lets me work hard on flower arrangement.
Ran: Because no matter how busy I am, it helps me relax when I have that time with everyone that's the same as always.
Marina: I know what you mean~. Just seeing everyone's faces can sometimes really help you unwind.
Ran: Yeah. It's like I can feel at ease.
Ran: All five of us are busy... but I can tell from everyone's sound during practice that we all treasure the time we have together. It makes me really happy, actually.
Ran: So, um, yeah... I'm really grateful... to them.
Marina: I see. I'm sure they know how you feel.
Ran: Hope so...
Marina: Fufufu. Maybe you can let them know through your sound during practice today. Anyway, we'll go prep that studio!
Ran: Thanks, and see you later.
Marina: Sure thing! Hope you get to practice as hard as you always do!
