1764_Ran Mitake_R5 Lone Devil Hunter

Gacha phrase: (I don't care even if I have to die to take back our same as always.)

<A United Front Pt. 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Hey, why don't we call it a day? We've walked around a bunch today and didn't spot even one devil.
Ran: If you want to leave, leave. I'll take care of all the devils myself.
Rui: Patrolling the area is an important part of our job. Quitting before we have finished is unacceptable.
Toko: Okay, okay, I'm staying.
Child: ... Alright, I'm gonna kick the can~. Umph.
Children: Ahhh~...!
Ran: Huh... They're playing kick the can. That brings back memories.
Rui: This is a moment of peace. Our job is to bring back this peaceful way of life so that moments like these may last as long as possible.
Ran: It feels like you're being melodramatic when you say we're out here fighting to bring back the peace... But I guess I get what you mean.
Toko: Anyway, kick the can is an unusual choice, don't you think~? The go-to game at parks used to be playing cops and robbers.
Ran: Really? I played kick the can a lot. The hiding part was pretty fun.
Toko: No way, cops and robbers was way more exciting. I loved helping my teammates and attacking the others like crazy, just barely getting away from being caught.
Ran: ... Well, kick the can is deep. It's the kind of game where you really have to think to outsmart the seekers.
Ran: But maybe it's hard to play for some people.
Toko: Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
Ran: It means exactly how it sounds.
Rui: Sigh... That is enough arguing.
Rui: Belonging to an organization requires a certain degree of cooperation. Even when fighting devils, working harmoniously is an important factor.
Ran: Work in harmony? With her?
Toko: Never gonna happen. It's not even necessary in the first place.
Rui: Devils have been sighted. You two, ready your instruments.
Toko: I already have~!
(Black cut)
Toko: Alright~! Score one for Toko! What do you think of that, Ran? I bet you're mad, aren't you~?
Ran: You never check everything that's going on. Look around us.
Toko: What?! There are still this many left?
Ran: I'll finish them all off at once!
Toko: Argh, time out! That's against the rules! I'm gonna take care of these devils.
Ran: Excuse me? Why are you whining like a little kid? Whoever gets the job done first wins.
Toko: Then, I'll beat them all! Besides, I started playing first anyway!
Ran: If you're going to talk like that, then go on and take them out. C'mon, get to it.
Toko: Ugh~, the way you think you're such hot stuff just makes me wanna scream!
Toko & Ran: Ahh!
Rui: How long do you plan on taking to finish these weak devils?
Toko: This is all Ran's fault.
Rui: Do not be so quick to blame others... You two are the polar opposite of what harmony is about.
Ran: Like I said, I'm not trying to be in "harmony" with her.
Rui: It is not about what you want; it is what is required.
Rui: This job should have only taken you two seconds to complete, but your childish bickering caused you to spend a full minute on this.
Rui: I can only imagine what you two would act like if we were facing the Music Devouring Devil.
Ran: I would've been done if she hadn't gotten in the way.
Toko: That's my line!
Rui: There you go again. The argument should end swiftly, and yet you put so much effort into continuing it. This is very inefficient.
Rui: ... I have made a decision.
Rui: You two are to work together at all times for a while. You will do that until I see that you understand each other and are ready to cooperate.
Toko & Ran: Say what?!
Toko: I'm definitely not doing that!
Ran: Just the thought of it makes me want to puke... The things we like. The way we think. We have absolutely nothing in common.
Rui: I am not asking you to get along. I only wish for you to do the bare minimum so our job will function smoothly.
Rui: I will be giving status reports about this to Sayo-san, so you should keep that in mind.
Toko & Ran: Seriously~...?
(Black cut)


<A United Front Pt. 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

[A Few Days Later]

Ran: I guess we've finished checking all of this area. The only place left for us to walk through today is...
Toko: This downtown area, right?
Ran: Whoa, that's rare. You never pay attention when we're going over work stuff.
Ran: I bet you only remembered because there's someplace you want to go around here.
Toko: Bingo~! I was thinking of getting croquettes on the way back~.
Ran: You really only remember things when they interest you, don't you? It's like you only make an effort when things are convenient for you.
Toko: Those eyes of yours look so smug, but surprisingly, they catch a lot~. You remember every little thing.
Ran: It's better than being forgetful.
Toko: Being forgetful is way better than getting hung up on tiny details! Life is all about being bo- Hrm?
Toko: I think some devils are over there! I just felt a shock zip through me!
Ran: Those hunches of yours are surprisingly accurate. Come on!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Hey, there they are! I'm so darn talented~!
Ran: Whatever, just get your guitar ready! I don't care if I leave you behind.
Toko: Worry about yourself! There's no need to stress over this mega-genius guitarist.
Ran: Toko, some little devils ran over that way!
Toko: I've got them in my sights! Hope you're ready for a thrashing, you mini devils~!
Toko: If you're gonna play guitar, you've gotta rock out with lots of heart! The one who steals the spotlight wins!
Toko: You see me jam out that insanely talented guitar phrase?! Soon, the day will come when you'll be begging to be my proté-
Ran: ... I told you were naive, didn't I?
Toko: ... There were still some left?
Ran: You're the same as always. I'm not sure if I've just gotten used to it or if I've given up hope.
Toko: There you go, talking down to me again~! You've gotta natural talent for saying stuff that makes people feel like crap~. Well, I'm used to you too!
Rui: ... You two.
Toko: Ah... Wait, we weren't fighting just now! Don't worry! We're getting along!
Ran: Hey, don't put your arm around me.
Rui: Regardless of how much you try to show off, my evaluation of you will not change... Firstly, I am not criticizing you, am I?
Rui: I would say you two have made passable progress in learning to cooperate over the past few days. I have seen positive results, so your pairing ends today.
Toko: A-alright~!
Toko: We did it, Ran~! We're free now~!
Ran: Hey... Okay, okay, already. Don't shake me like that.
Toko: We've just gotta celebrate this! Since we're on break now, why don't we go get something sweet to eat?
Ran: Okay, I'm all for that. You're fine with us doing something like that, right, Rui?
Rui: Even if I said no, you would not listen to me, would you? Please hurry and get it over with.
Toko: That's what I like to hear! Right now, I could go for some J-sweets!
Ran: You could just say Japanese sweets like everybody else... Anyway, I think I'll have some too.
Toko: Alrighty, then follow me! There's a good shop up this way~.
Ran: Oh, really? You sure know a lot about those kinds of things.
Toko: I guess~! When you get to my level, you don't really have to look stuff up. It's more like info just kinda finds you.
Ran: Yeah, yeah. So, does this shop have imagawayaki?
Toko: Dunno~. I can't remember. They have taiyaki, though! Get ready 'cause it's the best in the whole world~!
Ran: Huh? Imagawayaki are better. Don't you like how when you bite into one, you get a big mouthful of sweet red bean paste?
Toko: What? Taiyaki are the best! It's fun to think about where you're gonna start eating them from, and it's cute how each place makes the faces differently!
Ran: You don't get it. It's nice knowing that imagawayaki will taste the same no matter where you start eating it.
Ran: ... But I guess I could go for taiyaki sometimes. I don't really mind thinking about where to eat them first either.
Toko: Right~? You do get it! So, you gonna switch over to being a taiyaki-only kinda girl?
Ran: That's not going to happen.
Toko: Well, honestly, it's no big deal how taiyaki and imagawayaki are different! Both have sweet red bean paste in them!
Ran: Haha... I guess you're right. Oh, Rui, what are you going to buy?
Rui: I will have... zenzai soup with mochi.
Rui: Zenzai soup sits at the top of Japanese sweets. It has a charming quality about it that only the best of the best have.
Toko: Say what? Who decided that? I don't believe that even in the slightest!
Ran: ... I guess it's not going to be so easy for the three of us to get along after all...
(Black cut)
