1778_Ran Mitake_R4 The Cold Rain I Brought

Gacha phrase: I'm sorry. You don't understand. I never meant to hurt you like that...

<Evening Star>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

[Downtown]

Ran: ...
Ran: (Tsugumi looked so shocked.)
Ran: (Ending the band when we graduate high school... Deep down inside, I've always thought that's what would happen.)
Ran: (But...)
Ran: ... This isn't helping...
Ran: (I thought looking at some flowers would help me relax, but I still feel so mixed up inside.)
Ran: (Maybe I should've told Tsugumi that I wasn't thinking about ending the band... But I can't lie about how I feel...)
Ran: Sigh...
Yukina: Mitake-san...
Ran: Huh? Minato-san...? What are you doing here?
Yukina: I was simply passing through on my way home from college when I saw you. You don't look your usual self, so I was concerned about you.
Ran: I looked that bad, huh...?
Yukina: I hope that everything is okay...
Ran: I'm fine...
Ran: (Wait... Maybe I can talk to Minato-san about this.)
Ran: (I'll... give it a try.)
Yukina: ... Mitake-san?
Ran: Could I talk to you... about what's on my mind right now? I'm still trying to figure out how I feel about something...
Yukina: ... Sure, if you would like to tell me.
Ran: ... There are some things that Afterglow can only do now, and we're working our butts off to do them all.
Ran: We have to do them now so we don't have regrets later. Now is when we play the ultimate show.
Ran: ... But when I think like that, I start to get impatient.
Ran: I know we all have the same goal of putting on the greatest show ever, but I feel like it's more urgent for me than the others...
Yukina: So, what you're saying is?
Ran: I want to play the ultimate show now. It has to be now.
Ran: A band is a group effort, so I understand we all have to be on the same page and work together, but...
Ran: ... I'm focused on doing things now.
Yukina: Now, huh...?
Yukina: I am not sure why you are so set on accomplishing that now. You must have a deep personal reason why. However, one thing that I can tell you is...
Yukina: The fleeting sensation that Afterglow has and its songs' lyrics, which are about living in the moment, are very appealing.
Ran: Huh...?
Yukina: I believe the way Afterglow is so much about being in the present is what makes its songs and lyrics so captivating.
Yukina: Putting aside whether you are right to be so fixated on the present or not...
Yukina: ... I believe it is important to consider that way of thinking as a strength.
Ran: Th-thank you...
Ran: But it wasn't like I wanted to talk to you about this because I was looking for approval.
Ran: Still, though... I appreciate it. Maybe it's good to be told what works in our favor right now.
Yukina: Perhaps. I am not sure if that was what you needed to hear, but I am happy if you feel it helps.
Yukina: You look a little more relaxed now.
Ran: Well... I guess I am. Ah, one more thing.
Ran: Since you're here, could I ask you to pick a flower for me? Just pick the first thing that catches your eye.
Yukina: Well... Okay then, I choose this one.
Ran: The Evening Star?
Yukina: It's a beautiful purple. It also has a unique shape. It's interesting.
Ran: This flower kind of makes me think of you.
Yukina: I am not sure if we share a likeness. I have band practice soon, so I should be on my way now.
Ran: Okay, thank you. Bye.
Ran: The Evening Star, huh...?
Ran: It's also known as the Swertia... It can mean that "all will be well."
Ran: ... Pffft...!
Ran: (I know Minato-san chose this flower at random, so I shouldn't think so deeply about it, but...)
Ran: (... It kind of feels like the universe is trying to cheer me up.)
Ran: Even if it is, it sure picked a weird way of doing it... I can't believe Minato-san picked this on a whim. The universe sure can be sneaky. Still, though...
Ran: Excuse me, one Evening Star, please.
(Black cut)


<Keep Going and Eventually...>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ran: The others... aren't here yet.
Ran: There's still time, so I guess I'll get something to drink while I'm waiting.
Marina: Ran-chan, hi.
Ran: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: You played in the GBT recently, right? How'd you do?
Ran: We managed to stay in the tournament. Now, we're in the top sixteen.
Marina: Way to go! Congratulations.
Ran: Thank you. We will need to kick it up another notch going forward, though.
Ran: The GBT isn't over yet... so we'll definitely keep on winning.
Marina: Wow, you sound so fired up.
Ran: That's because we decided to win the tournament, no matter what.
Marina: Win no matter what, huh? Does the GBT hold some special meaning for you?
Ran: It's not really that, but... I have a lot... on my mind at the moment. I'm still figuring out how I feel about things.
Ran: Anyway, I want to give my all to what's in front of me right now.
Marina: I can tell. I feel how determined you are just by talking with you.
Marina: And I'm sure as you continue to participate in the GBT, you'll come to understand your feelings better.
Ran: You really... think so?
Marina: I do! Sometimes, when something's weighing on our minds, we'll obsess over it and get stuck in a rut.
Marina: But I think the answers we're seeking come to us more naturally when we're working toward something rather than when we stop moving.
Ran: ... That makes sense. That's another reason why I have to keep pushing myself in the GBT.
Ran: I'm sure I'll be able to give you good news next time too. I hope you'll be excited to hear from us.
Marina: I will! I can't wait!
(Black cut)
