1846_Ran Mitake_R5 Words from the Heart

Gacha phrase: I'm so glad... I started playing guitar.

<A Challenge to RAS>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

Ran: Hi.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, hey. CHU², Afterglow's here!
CHU²: I can see that!
LAYER (Rei): Sorry, give her a sec. I think she's still working on some emails that need to go out right away.
Tsugumi: It's okay. We're sorry to show up suddenly like this...!
Tomoe: Man, seein' this studio in person is mind-blowin'...! It's decked out with all the latest gear.
Tsugumi: It really is. I'm getting a little nervous.
Himari: Relax, relax! It's at times like this we have to stand tall and confident!
Moca: Hii-chan, for someone who's only been here once, you sure talk big~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Jeez... So, why exactly are all the members of Afterglow here?
Ran: I'm pretty sure Tsugumi asked if we could meet with you.
CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK only told me you were coming here. If you need to talk to me, make it quick.
LAYER (Rei): CHU², you don't have to speak like that...
Ran: I don't care. It's not like we came here hoping to be friends.
Ran: Here, come see this.
LAYER (Rei): Are these tickets to the next round of the GBT...?
MASKING (Masuki): ... These are for the day you're playin'.
Ran: I'm sure we'll meet in the finals, but before then, we want you to see us how we are now.
CHU² (Chiyu): And if I say no?
Himari: Huh...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm the one who decides whether it's worth it for us to see you perform or not.
CHU² (Chiyu): But right now, our time is very important. We can't waste it on things that don't matter.
Tomoe: You sayin' we don't matter...?!
Ran: No... she's right. Even if she's being a jerk about it.
Ran: The GBT is in its final stages, so I think bands should be spending all their free time practicing.
Ran: Still, we really want you to see and hear us as we are now.
Ran: We want you to see what this competition means to us... We want you to see how determined we are to win.
Moca: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph...
CHU² (Chiyu): You made sure to bring five tickets, didn't you?
Ran: ...!
Himari: Of course, we did! There's one for each band member!
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks... but do you understand what it means if we go to this, don't you?
Tomoe: That we better put on one hell of a show for you, right?!
Ran: Don't worry. We never had any intentions of playing a weak show anyway.
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa... Listen to that confidence.
LAYER (Rei): It sounds like we better go prepared to see something special.
Ran: You should... We're going to put on a show that gets every one of you hyped to face us.
Ran: That's all we came to say. C'mon, guys, let's go.
CHU² (Chiyu): Seriously? Are you sure you didn't just come to start a fight?
Ran: Like I said when we got here, we didn't come looking to be friends.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fine. I'll be looking forward to seeing your show.
Ran: Thanks. Come ready to be rocked.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Phew...
Himari: Phew... That's all you've got to say~?! Sigh~, I was so nervous!
Tsugumi: It was really intense in there.
Moca: I could feel the heat from the sparks in the air~.
Ran: Me too, but that was nothing compared to how intense the finals will be.
Tomoe: Right on...! That's why we came to give them the tickets today.
Tsugumi: Let's put on an incredible show next time...!
Ran: Yeah.
Himari: All right~, since we're going to do that, want to go practice right now?!
Tomoe: Nice! Let's ask if CiRCLE's got some studios open.
Moca: Hrm? Ran, didn't you have plans today after this~?
Ran: It's fine. I'll practice up to the very last second before I've got to leave.
Ran: We'll keep winning... at the GBT. And not just the next round but the semifinals and the finals too.


<Why I Can Wait for You>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[A Few Days before the Girls Band Battle Tournament Top 8 Round]

[Downtown]

Marina: I think we got everything we needed... Hrm? Over there, is that...
Marina: Ran-chan, hi. What a surprise meeting you here.
Ran: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Hi. Are those things you're carrying for work?
Marina: Yep, we were just getting some equipment for CiRCLE.
Ran: Oh... You two are such hard workers.
Marina: ... Are you tired? You seem kind of down...
Ran: Huh? Is that how I look...?
Marina: Sorry if I misspoke. The GBT is soon, so I thought maybe something had happened.
Ran: ... You really do have a nose for these things. I was trying to be my same as always self. Sorry for making you worry.
Ran: The GBT is fine... but Moca and I...
Marina: Did something happen between you two?
Ran: I think she's had something on her mind lately...
Ran: She probably wants to talk to me about it, but I think she's still deciding whether to say it, or not.
Marina: I see... I hope it's nothing too serious.
Marina: But if you can tell she wants to talk to you about something, it's probably because you two are so close.
Ran: Well... maybe that's true. But this time, I'm what she wants to talk about...
Marina: Have you tried asking her what she wants to say to you?
Ran: ... No, not yet. But I'm not planning to bring it up until she's ready to talk about it.
Ran: I think... she's got a lot on her mind right now. She's thinking about me, about herself, and other things too.
Marina: Wow, it isn't easy to put someone's feelings before your own and wait for them to make a decision.
Ran: It's not like that. I...
Ran: ... I can wait because I have a pretty good idea of what she's thinking about... So now it's up to her if she wants to talk about it or not...
Ran: But if Moca decides to tell me what she's been thinking about lately, I'll hear her out. No matter how she chooses to say it...
Marina: I see... I hope she'll decide to tell you what's been on her mind.
Ran: ... Me too.
Ran: Shoot, I have to run.
Ran: Thanks for listening.
Marina: You're very welcome. Good luck with your show for the GBT, and I hope you and Moca can have that talk!
