2281_Ran Mitake_R5 The Colors of Your World

Gacha phrase: Yeah, sounds good. It feels really warm.

<What I Wanted to Be>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Park]

Ran: Moca-chan, what're you making with the sand?
Moca: This is~, a melon bun~.
Ran: I see. Then, what about this?
Moca: A melon bun~.
Ran: ...Then, what about that?
Moca: A melon bun~.
Ran: You really like melon buns.
Moca: I love them~. I'm gonna become a melon bun when I grow up~.
Ran: Become... a melon bun...?
Moca: What kinda bread is Ran-chan gonna become~?
Ran: Huh... Um... steamed bun?
Moca: Yay! Moca loves steamed buns too. Let's become delicious bread together~.
Ran: U-uh... okay...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: Mm...?
Ran: (...Oh, right. I was thinking about lyrics for the new song and fell asleep like that... Had such a weird dream...)
Ran: (...Was that just now a dream? No, did that really happen...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Ran: -So that's the kinda dream I had... Moca, do you remember?
Moca: Oh my~. You came to see me even in your dreams, Moca-chan's so touched~.
Ran: If you're gonna tease me, forget it.
Moca: Ahaha, sorry sorry~.
Moca: Mm~, I feel like we might've had that conversation~.
Ran: You're just making it up, aren't you?
Moca: I'm not~. There was a time when little Moca-chan had a melon bun boom going on, and I liked steamed buns too~.
Ran: I see. ...Actually, what does wanting to become a melon bun even mean?
Moca: I don't remember that~. As expected of Moca-chan, had good taste even back then~.
Moca: By the way, why did you pick steamed buns, Ran~?
Ran: ...Don't remember.
Moca: Well, that's how it goes~.
Ran: Yeah. It was a long time ago after all.
Ran: ...
Moca: Ran~? Something up~?
Ran: No... I was just wondering if it's the same now.
Ran: Lots of things happen every day, but from the perspective of our future selves, it'll all become the past.
Moca: Yeah, that's true~.
Ran: Well, I don't really have a point though.
Moca: ...Ran, do you hate forgetting things?
Ran: I wonder... Like we talked about on the roof before, you easily forget the small things, and I think that's just how it is.
Ran: Plus, forgetting isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Moca: ...
Ran: But that's exactly why I want to properly write down the things I don't want to forget.
Moca: I see~...
Moca: As expected of Ran, saying good stuff~.
Ran: I didn't say anything that special.
Moca: No no, it resonated with Moca-chan~.
Moca: I'll make a note in my notebook later so I don't forget.
Ran: Notebook... You're actually using that doodle book properly.
Moca: Of course. Ran recommended it to me~.
Ran: I see. If that's what you wanna do, Moca, go ahead.
Moca: Yeah, I will~.
Ran: But that was a pretty long conversation. How are you gonna summarize it in your notebook?
Moca: Mm. For now, maybe I'll sketch Ran's cool profile~.
Ran: ...That's kinda weird.


<A Sound That's All Our Own>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ran: Hello.
Marina: Ran-chan, hello. Are you here to reserve a studio today?
Ran: No, I just happened to be nearby. Can I get some live flyers?
Marina: Of course. Is there a show you're interested in?
Ran: Ah... Not exactly.
Ran: When we talked last time, everyone had different opinions, so I wanted more material to think it over.
Ran: Plus, Tomoe seems to be gathering festival info too, so I thought I'd look into it as well.
Marina: I see. Want us to look into it for you too?
Ran: No, I'd feel bad asking you to go that far, so I'll just accept the thought.
Ran: Besides, even if we can't decide right away, I think we'll naturally find what kind of festival we want to play and what goals suit us.
Marina: Fufu, true. That's very Afterglow-like too.
Marina: The vibe at your last live was wonderfully Afterglow-like, and I'm sure you'll keep heading in a good direction.
Ran: Afterglow-like...
Marina: Yeah. It's hard to put into words, but that's how I felt.
Ran: I see... I'm glad to hear that.
Ran: Everyone and I want to do shows that feel like Afterglow right now, so I'm happy if that came through.
Marina: A band's 'sound' can really change drastically from just the smallest things.
Marina: After everything you've been through, the fact that you can keep doing band activities that feel like yourselves is really amazing.
Ran: Thank you. I'll tell everyone.
Ran: Actually, we're thinking of making a new song soon.
Marina: Really! Fufu, I'm looking forward to that.
Ran: So getting your feedback on the live was really encouraging. I feel like I can make good progress on the song.
Marina: I'm glad to hear that. Good luck, Ran-chan.
Ran: Yes. We might come to you again for advice about practice or shows, so I hope you'll help us then.
Marina: Fufu, we'll always welcome you. Tell me about it again next time.
Ran: Thank you. See you later then.
