2385_Ran Mitake_R4 Decorating with All Our Heart

Skill name: Valentine Couture
Gacha phrase: Flowers for Valentine's. I still can't quite pull my idea together.

<A Sweet Secret Melt>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

[Valentine's Party - The Day Of]

Tsugumi: Yup, the chocolate fountain should be good to go. I cut up the fruit too, so now all that's left is...
Ran: Excuse me.
Tsugumi: Oh, Ran-chan! Welcome!
Ran: I brought the flowers to decorate the shop. ...Still getting things ready over there?
Tsugumi: Yeah... As I kept working, I started getting picky about all sorts of little details... I'm almost done, so hang on just a bit!
Ran: Then I'll help out too. Is it okay if I put my stuff here?
Tsugumi: Huh? But I thought we agreed you'd only do the flower decorations, Ran-chan...
Ran: Don't worry about it. It'll be easier to decide where to put the flowers once I can see how everything looks. It'll be fine.
Tsugumi: I see... Then I guess I'll take you up on that.
Ran: Yeah. What should I do?
Tsugumi: Um... There's some cut fruit over there, so could you bring it over and arrange it on the table?
Ran: Got it.
Ran: ..........
Tsugumi: Hm? Ran-chan, is something wrong?
Ran: No... I was just thinking the chocolate fountain's pretty intense when you see the chocolate actually flowing.
Tsugumi: Fufu, right? I put a lot of thought into the chocolate ratio so it would flow nicely!
Ran: Huh...
Tsugumi: ...Hey, Ran-chan. Before everyone gets here, wanna do a quick taste test?
Ran: Huh? N-no, it's fine. I'm...
Tsugumi: Is it? Then I guess I'll go ahead and try it first. For fruit... I'll pick a strawberry.
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: Mmm! It's really good! Come on, Ran-chan, you should try it too.
Ran: Uh... okay. Just one...
Ran: ...!
Tsugumi: So? What do you think?
Ran: ...It's good. The strawberry's tartness goes great with the chocolate, and this chocolate's really smooth.
Tsugumi: Thank goodness!
Tsugumi: ...Oh, but we have to keep it a secret from everyone that we taste-tested it first. Just our little secret, Ran-chan!
Ran: ...Fufu, yeah.
Tsugumi: All right, let's get back to work on the preparations!
Ran: Yeah...!
(Black cut)

[After Some Time]

Tsugumi: Okay, I think we're all set now. Thanks... With your help, Ran-chan, we made it in time.
Ran: Now it's my turn. Can I use this table?
Tsugumi: Of course! I've been looking forward to seeing how you'd arrange the flowers today, Ran-chan.
Ran: I didn't have much time, so it's all just flowers that were easy to get...
Tsugumi: Huh, are those carnations?
Ran: Nice catch. I figured if I combined vivid colors like these, it'd give it more of a wrapped-up look.
Ran: And... I heard Valentine's Day is also about sharing your gratitude with someone important. So I thought these might fit...
Ran: ...Ah.
Tsugumi: Someone important... Gratitude...
Ran: No, I mean, that was just...
Tsugumi: I can't believe you put that kind of feeling into it... I'm really happy!
Ran: ...Sheesh. Don't tell the others, okay?
Tsugumi: Fufu. Hmm, what should I do~?
Ran: Hey, Tsugumi...! You absolutely can't tell anyone...!
Tsugumi: But if everyone knew how you really feel, Ran-chan... I think they'd be so touched...
Ran: Enough already... Just drop it.
Tsugumi: Okay. Then this stays our little secret, too.
Ran: ...Yeah. Promise.
Ran & Tsugumi: Fufufu.


<Colorful Feelings>

(Character: Ran Mitake)

[Shopping Mall - Flower Shop]

Marina: Look, this flower's so pretty. Oh, and this one too...! Hmm, there are so many kinds, I can't decide~
Ran: Huh? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san...?
Marina: Oh, Ran-chan! Hi there.
Ran: Hi. This is pretty unusual... seeing you two at a flower shop.
Marina: Fufu, I was thinking maybe I'd decorate CiRCLE with some flowers next time. But there are way more kinds than I expected, so I can't decide what to pick.
Ran: Yeah. This place has a great selection.
Marina: Oh, really? Do you come here a lot, Ran-chan?
Ran: Not a lot, exactly, but sometimes.
Ran: They also carry flowers you don't usually see, so it's useful as a reference for arranging.
Marina: Ooh~ As expected of Ran-chan. You're always studying up.
Ran: It's nothing like that. I'm just desperate because I'm not good enough.
Ran: The other day, Afterglow started talking about doing a "Special Valentine's"...
Marina: "Special"...?
Ran: Oh, um... This year, we were talking about making Valentine's different from usual...
Marina: I see! So that's what you meant by a "special Valentine's." Sounds like a lot of fun.
Ran: Yeah. So we decided we'd each bring something... and I chose to decorate the venue with flowers.
Ran: But I couldn't come up with any good ideas right away, so I used a bunch of things as reference until I finally made it work. So... I've still got a long way to go.
Marina: Fufu, but that's because you took it seriously, right?
Ran: Well... I guess...
Marina: A venue you put that much thought into decorating... I'm sure it turned out really beautiful. I kinda wish I could've seen it.
Ran: Thank you... very much. It ended up being a Valentine's I'll remember, too.
Ran: I feel like I was able to say things I normally can't... through the flowers.
Marina: So each and every flower you arrange has your feelings poured into it.
Ran: ...Yeah. I don't know if I'm doing it right, but... that's what I'm aiming for.
Marina: That's something I really admire about you. Next time, maybe you could do the shop too...
Marina: Oh, right! We came here to look for flowers to decorate the shop...!
Ran: Um... if you'd like, should we pick them out together?
Marina: Huh, really? That would help a lot. Thanks!
Ran: We're putting them in the lobby, right? In that case, I think it's better if the colors aren't too loud.
Ran: And it should be easy to take care of... plus last a while...
Marina: Fufu, I can't wait to see what you pick out~!
Ran: ...If you get your hopes up that much, it makes it harder to choose.
