band4-041 Chapter 6: Outcry

Pastel＊Palettes meet to practice their new song. Just as they get into the swing of things, a problem arises...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: I-I'm sorry for being late!
Hina: What took you so long, Aya-chan~? You just barely made it in time~.
Aya: S-sorry! I had some trouble getting ready.
Maya: Beginning today, we're finally going to start practicing our new song together. Let's do our best!
Eve: It shall be done!
Maya: Let's see, I'm sure all of us got the score for our new song, but has everyone had a chance to practice?
Eve: Of course! Our new song is powerful and full of bushido, right, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Bushido...? Is it?
Maya: I don't know if it was bushido, but the chorus does give me this image of a fresh wind blowing.
Hina: True, that part does feel fwooshy! Or maybe it's more like a fwhip-whip-whip~.
Maya: I don't know which of those it will be... But I would like to discuss the imagery today!
Maya: It's time to begin the process of making this song our own! We'll deepen our understanding of our new song by bringing together our images and interpretations!
Aya: Yeah! Let's do this, guys!
Eve: Chisato-san, what did you think of the new song? I would love to hear your thoughts!
Aya: Yeah, I wanna hear them too!
Chisato: Hmm, in my case... Compared to our previous son-
Aya: Hm? Hello...?
Staff: Ah, looks like you're all here! Great! Come on in, ViVidCanvas.
Chisato: ...
Hina: Ohh, I didn't know you guys were here~!
Mio: Hello, thanks for all your had work...
Aya: Um, yeah, hi! ... Well, I only just got here myself, so it's not like I've done much today...
Eve: We are about to begin training for our concert. Would you like to join us? We could do a joint rehearsal!
Mio: B-but...
Staff: Ah, that's perfect! There happens to be something I would like to discuss concerning your next concert.
Aya: What could that be...?
Hina: Isn't it obvious from the situation?
Aya: Huh? I have no clue, actually...
Hina: I bet you're gonna say you want the trainees to be a part of our next concert... right?
Chisato: ...?!
Staff: Astute as always, Hina-san! This makes things easier! ViVidCanvas has been steadily gaining popularity and will even be appearing in a commercial!
Staff: The agency doesn't want to miss this opportunity. That's why we are thinking of having them make their surprise concert debut at your next concert!
Chisato: They'll be performing at our show...
Aya: A surprise debut...?!
Staff: If ViVidCanvas shows up at the concert's climax, everyone will be talking about it! And that's why we would like your permission to make it happen.
ViVidCanvas: Please let us perform with you!
Hina: Whoa~, sounds fun! I'm okay with it~.
Maya: It's true that the number of ViVidCanvas fans is on the rise. That kind of a stunt will get the crowd excited for sure!
Eve: Concerts are a place where you must do or die! Mio-san, Serina-san, Shino-san! Let us work together and do our best!
ViVidCanvas: Yes! Thank you very much!
Maya: Pardon me, I do have one question... What song will ViVidCanvas be performing?
Maya: It's my understanding that they don't have a song of their own yet...
Staff: Yes, while they do have the song they sang as trainees, we came to the conclusion that, among other things, it will lack impact...
Staff: That's why we would like to have them sing a Pastel＊Palettes song!
Chisato: One of our songs...?!
Staff: Partly due to ViVidCanvas' earnest request, the agency would like to have them perform "Hanamaru◎Andante."
Mio: Aya-san, seeing you sing "Hanamaru◎Andante" during the last concert filled us with the hope and courage to become idols.
Mio: We want to become the kind of idols that can do what you did for us!
ViVidCanvas: Please let us sing "Hanamaru◎Andante"!
Hina: Huh, so the trainees are gonna sing our song... Interesting... Hey, does this kinda stuff happen often?
Staff: It's not uncommon in the idol industry to have a sister group sing the same son-
(White cut)
Chisato: I do not want them to...
Aya: Huh? Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: I do not want them to sing one of our songs! I will not give my permission!
Staff: Ch-Chisato-san, please allow me to explain. The aim of the agency is to have ViVidCanvas sing Pastel＊Palettes' song in order t-
Chisato: I do not want to hear about it! Pastel＊Palettes is...
Chisato: We're not going to stand around and make them look better!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mio: ...!
Serina & Shino: ...
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan...
Chisato: I am feeling unwell. I would like to be excused. Good day...
All: ...!
Aya: Huh?! Chisato-chan?! W-wait!
