band4-036 Chapter 1: Pastel＊Palettes' Steady Success!

After another successful recording session, the girls fall into lively conversation.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games - Television Studio]

Aya: And that's all for today's All Fun and Games! Be sure to check us out next time, okay~? Bye~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Great job~!
Hina: Nice job, guys~. Aya-chan, you were so Aya-chan today~. It was hilarious~.
Chisato: I am always grateful to have you there whenever we have a variety TV show to record, Aya-chan. Fufu.
Eve: I cannot believe you said " a can" when we were asked, "What is the Budokan's most popular souvenir?" during the quiz! It was truly amazing!
Aya: Ugh, please don't remind me anymore~.
Maya: Yes, you have such a free imagination that lets you think outside the box. It was a real eye-opener!
Aya: I feel even more embarrassed when you put it that way!
Hina: You should totally come with us to our next job~. She'd make it more fun for sure, right, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! We will be recorded playing our instruments at a different studio, but it would be great to have you along!
Aya: Umm... I don't think there'll be anything for me to do since I don't play anything.
Hina: C'mon, it'll be fine. Just you being there will make things fun.
Aya: I-it sounds like I'm being brought along just to provide laughs. Oh, wait. I need to go back to the agency for a meeting.
Maya: You do? Why don't we go together? I have a meeting there with a magazine editor!
Aya: Sure, let's go together! What about you, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I have to do a read-through for a TV drama.
Hina: It sounds like we're all busy~! We're on a roll. Although, I wish I could get some more time off so that I could be with my sister more.
Chisato: Hina-chan, you should not say something like that even in jest. We should be grateful we are able to receive jobs.
Hina: I know, I know~! Alright, Eve-chan, let's go!
Eve: Yes! Onward!
Chisato: Sigh. I wonder if she really does... Fufufu.
Chisato: Anyhow, I should get going as well. Goodbye.
Maya: Goodbye! Let's go to the agency then, Aya-san!
Aya: Good luck, Chisato-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Train]

Maya: You know, you were really dazzling today, just like always~.
Aya: I-I wasn't at all! I even made that stupid mistake during the quiz....
Maya: Yeah, saying cans are a popular souvenir at the Budokan was a really incredible reply~.
Aya: H-hey, could you not bring it up again~? It just slipped out because I panicked! Just forget I ever said it, okay?
Maya: No, no, I'll never forget. What's so incredible is that things like that can slip out of you in the first place!
Maya: I myself was wondering if it was a normal item like a keychain or towel, and I couldn't decide between them.
Maya: Whenever there's something I don't understand, I'm the type that ends up thinking too hard about it~. I just lack spontaneity...
Maya: Unlike me, you're an idol through and through. You really are a natural-born idol!
Aya: What... do you mean by that...?
Maya: You really feel that way during concerts. Your very existence has this pull that draws the audience's attention to you.
Maya: There are even times when I forget I'm in the middle of a concert, and I find myself staring at you. Huhehe.
Aya: You're giving me too much credit, Maya-chan~.
Maya: No, I'm not! I may be Pastel＊Palettes' drummer, but I'm also a huge Aya Maruyama fan! I'm just telling it to you as it is!
Aya: Thanks. You know, we're really lucky we have people that are interested in us, don't you think?
Aya: ... Ah, that reminds me! When I was checking out social media yesterday, I saw a really nice post! Let me think... What term did I search...?
Aya: Oh, found it! It was this person with a Pastel＊Palettes profile pic! Just look at it! They've posted so much that you can just keep scrolling down forever!
Maya: Whoa! This is some amazing stuff! They've analyzed our concerts in such detail! And just look at the length! This'll be a good read for sure!
Aya: They even wrote about the concert we did with the idol trainees.
Maya: Huhehe, I can't miss that one for sure. I wanna know what our fans thought of the trainees!
Aya: The response was pretty positive! It'd be nice to work with the trainees again. It's been a while since we last did.
Maya: Yeah!
Maya: Ah, looks like we're at the station. I'll read through these posts properly later.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Hello! Umm, I heard I'm supposed to meet with the staff here for a meeting...
Staff: Ah, Aya-san! Thank you for coming! I've been waiting for you! There's something I'd like to discuss with you!
Aya: Something to discuss? With me? Not Chisato-chan...?
Maya: I'll leave you to it then.
Staff: Ah, Maya-san, your presence would also be welcome if you have the time. Your input would be most invaluable.
Maya: Time won't be an issue, but...
Aya: Could you join us, then? I'd feel better knowing you're with me!
Staff: Thank you! Let me go call them in.
Aya: Call them? What's going on?
???: Pardon me! Hello, Aya-san, Maya-san! It's been a while!
Aya & Maya: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
