band4-049 Chapter 14: Gazing at The Same Sky

Pastel＊Palettes & ViVidCanvas'  joint-rehearsals for their upcoming concert begin to heat up.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: ViVidCanvas, you're a bit slow on the intro! Be sure you're right on time!
ViVidCanvas: Okay!
Aya: This will be right after the encore, so the audience will be really fired up!
Aya: Don't let their cheering drown out your singing! You want to deliver your song all the way to the people in the back!
Serina: O-okay! I'll try!
Hina: Ahaha. Even your advice is so you~.
Aya: Huh? Was it unclear?
Hina: Nah, I think it was fine. Even if you told them how to look at the crowd or move their hands, it'd just be your way of doing things.
Hina: You and the trainees do things differently, so they'll just have to do their best in their own way.
Chisato: Our "Hanamaru◎Andante" and their "Hanamaru◎Andante" are different.
Chisato: Even the way we are playing currently is different from how we usually do so.
Hina: Exactly! What she said!
Eve: I have to say I really love ViVidCanvas' version!
Maya: I know what you mean! We need to work even harder!
Aya: ViVidCanvas will introduce themselves after this part, right?
Maya: Yes. Then it'll be your turn to be MC, and then it'll be time for our new song.
Hina: Don't mess up the order, okay?
Aya: Don't worry, I won't~.
Chisato: In that case, I believe we should do a run-through of that part, starting with the introductions. I am sure you will feel more at ease that way, right, Aya-chan?
Aya: H-hey, I said I'll be fine. But maybe we should... just in case...
Eve: Alright, ViVidCanvas! Let's see those concert introductions!
Mio: C-concert introductions...?
Chisato: There is no need to overthink it. All you have to do is tell them how you are feeling right now.
Mio: What I'm feeling right now... Okay.
Mio: Umm... Hello, everyone. I'm Mio Serizawa, ViVidCanvas' leader.
Mio: I really love Pastel＊Palettes, so being able to sing "Hanamaru◎Andante" here together with them feels like a dream!
Mio: I hope to continue to grow alongside them as idols! And one day, I hope I get to be in a TV drama with Chisato-san!
Chisato: Fufu, I will be looking forward to that day. Serina-chan, I believe it is your turn next.
Serina: It is! Hi, everyone! I'm Serina Yamase, aka Seri-rin, the dream idol! Thanks for such an awesome, dream-like time!
Hina: Hey, you changed it again~! Didn't you say you were a fairy idol last time?
Serina: I just feel like dream idol suits me better, you know~? That's why I'm going to go with dream!
Hina: Well, if it works for you, great. And if it doesn't, you can just change it. But what's a dream idol anyway? I don't get it.
Serina: I-I'll leave that to your imagination! Shino, you're the last one up!
Shino: Okay! Hello, everybody! I'm ViVidCanvas' Shino Koganei.
Shino: My dream is to do a nationwide dome tour! Also, I want us to release an album as well as appear in Idol Festival♪
Maya: Y-you sure do cram in a lot of information into your introduction...
Eve: At least she mostly talked about her dreams this time!
Shino: Practicing with all of you made me think of all the things I'd like to do.
Hina: Now it's your turn to MC, Aya-chan! Alright, take it away~!
Aya: Huh?! Now?!
Hina: Yeah, you're less likely to mess up during the actual concert if you get a feel for how things will go now~.
Aya: T-true. Yeah... Okay then...
Aya: U-umm, ViVidCanvas is our sister group, and uh... we'll be doing our best together, so... yeah, dreams... and dreams...
Aya: Ah, what I'm trying to say is... our dream as idols is to do our best and continue glowing... I mean growing... and...
Aya: ... Sigh. Can I get a do-over...?
Hina: Ahaha, that was even worse than usual~. Talk about stumbling over your words and not making any sense.
Serina: That was a fantastic fumble... Only you could do such a thing, Aya-san!
Chisato: ... Serina-chan.
Serina: ... ?!
Chisato: Very well put... Fufufu. I hope you do not mind if I say fantastic fumble when Aya-chan stumbles over her words from now on.
Serina: I-I'd be honored! Please do!
Chisato: Fufufu, let's start from "Hanamaru◎Andante" again then, shall we?
All: Okay!
(Black cut)
Eve: Everything from "Hanamaru◎Andante" until Aya-san's MCing looks like it will go smoothly!
Aya: Err, I should probably have the MC part down by the day of our concert! Don't worry. I'll practice it!
Chisato: I am not worried at all. Anyhow, should we finally start practicing our new song, then?
Maya: Yes! With everything that's happened, we haven't gotten much practice, so let's make up for the time we've lost!
Eve: Of course! It is time to practice our new song, and I cannot wait to demonstrate my prowess!
Mio: Wait, you're starting now?
Eve: Yes! Today is the last day we can gather together before the concert. Therefore, we shall be having our training camp here!
Mio: T-training camp...? Does that mean you'll be sleeping over...?
Aya: The staff will be here, so you don't need to worry about us.
Mio: I-if it's alright with all of you, could you let us join too?
Chisato: Hmm... You will have to talk to the staff... And you should also contact your families.
Mio: Okay! So will you let us join if we get permission?
Aya: Y-yeah... Of course. It'd be a big help to have the three of you here.
Aya: Alright... Let's go with them to ask the staff.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Morning]

Aya: Mmm~... Looks like we ended up staying up until morning, huh...? Yawn~.
Hina: But it was so worth it, wasn't it? Our new song feels so boppidy-bop-boppin'♪
Eve: We discovered so many things I have never felt before!
Maya: We were able to get a really good sense of the essence of the song! At a certain point, I wasn't even sleepy anymore!
Chisato: Oh, it looks like the sun has started to rise.
(White cut)
Aya: You're right! Wow! Look, guys! It's such a beautiful sunrise! It's so bright~.
Mio: I had no idea sunrises could be so beautiful... It's my first time seeing one.
Chisato: Look at the gradation of colors in the sky...
Maya: I'm so glad I'm sharing this view, not just with you guys, but also with ViVidCanvas!
Aya: Hey, about our concert... Let's make it the absolute best concert we can, okay?!
Aya: We'll do our best... Together!
All: Yeah~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
