band4-040 Chapter 5: Creeping Anxiety

Kanon shares her thoughts on the recent broadcast. However, Chisato seems worn out...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kanon: Mmm, the weather today is so lovely~. It makes you sleepy, doesn't it?
Chisato: ...
Kanon: Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: Oh, I'm sorry.
Kanon: By the way, yesterday's All Fun and Games was really good. I laughed so much while watching it.
Chisato: Ah... You watched it?
Kanon: Those new girls were so cute. A lot of people on social media were talking about them.
Kanon: They said something about the girls being featured on the cover of some magazine, and that they were going to be in a commercial. They're called ViVidCanvas, right?
Chisato: Y-yes... I'll pass on what you told me. I'm sure it will make them happy.
Kanon: My favorite part was the one with gestures... Charades, was it? Each time it became Aya-chan's turn, people kept guessing the wrong words... Fufufu, just thinking about it makes me laugh...
Chisato: The show was very well-edited. The staff did a good job of showcasing everyone's strengths.
Kanon: It sounds like you aren't too satisfied, though. You also seem to be a little tired lately...
Chisato: It's not that. It's just...
Chisato: On the day we recorded the show, I said some things I shouldn't have... It has made things awkward between myself and ViVidCanvas.
Kanon: ... Was it that bad?
Chisato: Yes. For the last few days, I have been regretting what I said and wondering what made me say those things in the first place.
Kanon: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: Fufu... I am sorry to bother you about my work when it doesn't really even concern you...
Kanon: It's alright. You don't have to apologize. You can talk to me about anything. I'll do whatever I can to help.
Kanon: And I don't know what you said at the time, but...
Kanon: If you said it, I'm sure you had a good reason for doing so.
Chisato: ... Thank you, Kanon. Your words mean a lot to me.
Chisato: (The reason I became so emotional on that day wasn't just because of what happened during the show...)
Chisato: (I'm sure it was because of that interview...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Aya: Let me search All Fun and Games... Ah, look, look! So many people are posting about it!
Eve: Yes, they are! I am very glad everyone seems to have enjoyed the show!
Aya: The day after we do a concert or TV show, I get the urge to check what people are saying on social media...
Eve: I can see why! Hagumi-san, Tae-san, and people in class kept telling me their thoughts about All Fun and Games.
Aya: You too? The reception was really positive, wasn't it~?
Eve: Everyone especially liked the part where you did charades! Even the show's staff said they would like to do it again!
Aya: I-it was kinda embarrassing to do for me, you know...?
Eve: Ah! Look! This person says they became a fan of ViVidCanvas! We should let the three of them know!
Aya: Hm? This person... They used to have a Pastel＊Palettes profile picture just the other day...
Eve: It is ViVidCanvas' Mio-san now...
Aya: O-oh well, it can't be helped! It's up to the fans to decide who they want to support anyway!
Aya: Since ViVidCanvas is our sister group, I should be happy for them!
Eve: But we should still work harder so that this person will go back to using Pastel＊Palettes as their profile picture!
Aya: Agreed!
Aya: (This must be the competition Chisato-chan was talking about the other day...)
Aya: (Whether we want to or not, we will be forced to compete...)
Aya: ... Hm? Yay! They posted!
Eve: What is it, Aya-san?
Aya: There's a Pastel＊Palettes fan who always checks us out, and they post supportive messages whenever we do things like a concert.
Aya: Just seeing their posts gives me energy.
Aya: There are still lots of people who continue to support us! I need to keep trying even harder!
Eve: Umm, Aya-san... There is something that has been on my mind. Would you be willing to listen?
Aya: Something's on your mind...? Is it... Chisato-chan, by any chance?
Eve: Yes, it is... There is an awkward air between her and ViVidCanvas.
Aya: Given what happened, I'm not surprised...
Aya: We've gotten together a few times since then, but it feels like they're both tiptoeing around each other...
Eve: Even when we recorded All Fun and Games yesterday, things did not get as exciting as they did the first time.
Eve: And I am not certain... but Chisato-san seems distressed.
Aya: Yeah... I get the same feeling too.
Aya: I think it's all my fault. She never would have had to say what she did if I had done a better job as their senior.
Aya: Jeez, I'm such an idiot!
Eve: If I may! We should do what we can to make everyone smile the next time we meet!
Aya: You're right. We should do what we can, even if it's just a little bit at a time!
Aya: Yeah! Let's do it, Eve-chan! I feel so motivated now~!
Eve: Let us do our best, Aya-san!
