band4-038 Chapter 3: Pastel＊Palettes & ViVidCanvas

With the debut of their sister group decided, the Pastel＊Palettes' members ramp up their efforts...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Rehearsals]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Phew, I'm beat~. Don't you guys think you went a bit overboard with rehearsals?
Maya: Sorry~. I got a bit fired up after our talk with ViVidCanvas...
Eve: I know how you feel! I, too, feel like I must practice even more!
Aya: But you know, things have gotten really interesting, don't you think? I never imagined those joint rehearsals would've led to this.
Chisato: I remember those three in particular because of how hard they worked.
Hina: I wonder if we're going to do another concert with them? The last one we did with the trainees was pretty well-received!
Maya: That was mentioned as something that would happen, but nothing's been set in stone yet.
Hina: Whoa, gotcha~. We should start thinking of something really boppin' to do when it does happen♪
Eve: That is a nice idea! I wholeheartedly agree!
Aya: Why don't we head to a restaurant and talk about it then?
Chisato: Ah, I am sorry. I still have some work I must take care of after this.
Hina: Oh? It's already pretty late. Don't you think you're working too much?
Chisato: It is just an interview for TV, so it should not take long. I only have half an hour until I am supposed to be there, so I will be leaving.
Eve: Do you know what the interview is about?
Chisato: I have not been told any details. All I know is that it will be a short interview for a special program.
Aya: Ohh, a special program? I wonder what kind it'll be! Good luck, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. I will take my leave now then.
Aya, Hina,  Eve & Maya: Bye~!
Aya: (A special program~... Chisato-chan's so amazing. I need to work harder.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[All Fun and Games - Television Studio]

Aya: It's now time for All Fun and Games!  I'm Aya Maruyama, the fluffy, pink member of Pastel＊Palettes~!
Hina: Ohh! Your introduction seems to be even sharper than usual, Aya-chan!
Aya: Ehehe, you think so? That might be because we have a really big announcement today!
Chisato: To all our viewers, we have some very happy news to share.
Aya: Starting today, we'll be joined on the show by our sister group~!
Eve: Over here, everyone!
Mio: Hello, we're...
ViVidCanvas: The brilliant and vibrant ViVidCanvas!
Mio: We'll be joining the show as Pastel＊Palettes' sister group. We'll do our best to make this show fun!
(White cut)
Hina: Hey~! That brilliant and vibrant thing was my idea!
Mio: Y-yes... We tried to think of other introductions, but we weren't able to come up with anything better... We were hoping you would allow us to use it.
Hina: Oh, sure. Use it as much as you want. I'm not in ViVidCanvas, so it's not like I can use it anyway~.
Hina: But don't forget to thank me every time you use it~.
ViVidCanvas: Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Ahaha. Now then, could you introduce yourselves one at a time?
Mio: Yes. Hello, everyone. I am ViVidCanvas' leader, Mio Serizawa. I want to become an idol that can sing, dance, and act.
Mio: It's a pleasure to meet all of you. I will do my best.
Aya: I look forward to working with you, Mio-chan~! Next up is...
Serina: Hi, everyone! I'm Serina Yamase of ViVidCanvas, aka Seri-rin, the fairy idol!
Maya: Hm? I thought you said you were an angel idol the last time we met...?
Serina: Oh, I decided to scrap that idea! After some thought, I realized that fairy idol suits me better, so that's what I'll be going with!
Maya: It sounds like you're still trying to figure things out...
Serina: Anyway, nice to meet all of you! I'll do my best too!
Aya: I can't wait to work with you~. And lastly...
Shino: Hello, everybody! I'm Shino Koganei of ViVidCanvas!
Shino: I'm 153 cm, and I was born on the twelfth of January! My blood type is B, my favorite food is curry, and I do well in English! I like karaoke and drawing, and I sometimes draw manga!
Aya: U-umm... That was a lot of information to take in right off the bat.
Eve: It sounded like a tongue-twister...
Shino: I wanted everyone to learn as much as they can about me...! Oh, I'll doing my best as well. I hope you'll support me~!
Aya: You bet~. Ahaha. They have that new and energetic feel to them, don't they~?
Aya: Anyhow, now that we've been joined by our colorful friends, All Fun and Games is going to get even bigger and butter!
Hina: Seriously?! I can't believe you messed up there, Aya-chan!
Aya: Oopsie...
Hina: Just look at the trainees, they didn't mess up at all~.
Shino: Oh, I'm sorry! Should I have stumbled over my words?!
Serina: We're still new and can't do a cute recovery like Aya-san, so we practiced really hard so that we wouldn't make any mistakes!
Aya: Sigh... I was hoping I could be a better role model...
Shino: Don't worry! All of us really respect and like you, Aya-san!
Mio: We're always talking about you during lessons.
Serina: Yeah! You're so dazzling on stage, but you're so approachable in real life!
Shino: Your performance of "Hanamaru◎Andante" was amazing when we were together last time!
Aya: I-it was~...?
Shino: Yes, you were completely different from how you normally are!
Aya: That didn't sound like a compliment at all...
Chisato: ...
