band4-043 Chapter 8: I Don't Understand

Aya watches the most recent All Fun and Games. The members look happy on-screen, however...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa)

[Maruyama Residence - Aya's Room]

Aya: Sigh...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mio: Huh? I have no idea what that's supposed to be! Is that a bon dance? It looks just like the gesture you did during our last show...
Aya: No, no! Look carefully! Like this and... This!
Serina: It still looks the same to me~! Aya-san, please give us a proper clue!
Aya: I-I am~. Can't you tell what it is? Like this... and that!
Shino: I-I'm sorry. I still don't get it! Your gestures are too confusing!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: (The editing staff did a really amazing job... Even though everyone was struggling to be cheerful that time, it doesn't look that way at all...)
Aya: Sigh~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: (All I wanted to do was be idols together with ViVidCanvas...)
Aya: Maybe that way of thinking was naive...
Aya: Mio-chan... Serina-chan... Shino-chan...
Aya: They're all really nice girls...
Aya: Is competing against them the only way I can continue being an idol...?
Aya: What am I supposed to do...? I can't think of anything...
Aya: Oh, I know...
Aya: I'll do a search on us...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: ... Hm? These posts...
Aya: "ViVidCanvas is so adorable! I'm gonna switch over to them from Pastel＊Palettes", "I hope ViVidCanvas shows up at Pastel＊Palettes' concert~", "Pastel＊Palettes is so yesterday".
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Chisato: I felt like we would lose the place where we belong...
(White cut)
Hina: I guess it just means there's no telling when we'll also become former famous idols.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Aya: I'm scared... I'm so scared...
Aya: (I wonder how our fans see us now...)
Aya: (What am I supposed to do...?)
Aya: Somebody... please tell me...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Sayo: I see. So that is what happened...
Hina: Yeah~. It's been a while since we had a major crisis like this~.
Hina: Even I was pretty unsettled by Chisato-chan's story.
Sayo: If you are feeling that way, Maruyama-san must be taking it even harder.
Hina: Yeah, she seemed pretty shocked. I mean, she really went out of her way to look after the trainees, you know?
Hina: It was like she has no idea what to do anymore.
Hina: Aya-chan was always the one to say, "Let's do our best" to them.
Sayo: Let's do our best...
Hina: Hm? What is it?
Sayo: It is nothing. It just reminded me of something.
Hina: Reminded you of what? Please tell me!
Sayo: I doubt you would understand even if I did. What I can say is...
Sayo: "Let's do our best" is a phrase that someone who is always in a higher position gets to say to someone in a lower position.
Sayo: Whoever the words are directed at has to struggle desperately to even get to the point where they can do something together.
Hina: Huh?
Sayo: Otherwise, their spirit would feel like breaking... They have to do anything and everything they can without any regard for how they may appear.
Sayo: The trainees you mentioned are also most likely desperately trying to get to where you are.
Hina: So they have to struggle just so that we can do our best...? Huh? That doesn't make any sense. I don't get it.
Sayo: That is why I said you would not understand.
Sayo: ... Anyhow, Hina. What is it that you want to do?
Hina: Hmm, I don't really know either~.
Hina: I don't mind doing a concert with them, but I did have this unpleasant feeling when I heard they were going to sing one of our songs.
Hina: I wonder what that feeling was? Do you know?
Sayo: I... think I do.
Hina: Really?! You do?! What is it? Please tell me!
Sayo: It would not do you any good for me to just give you the answer. I also could be wrong. Only you can answer that question, Hina.
Sayo: If you do not know what that feeling is, why don't you try to find out?
Hina: Hm...?
Sayo: The ability to enjoy the things you do not understand is part of what makes you who you are, right?
Hina: The ability to enjoy the things... I don't understand...
Hina: ...! Oh, yeah! You're right! Not knowing is what makes things fun!
Hina: You're amazing! You know me so well~!
Sayo: S-stop hugging me, Hina. You're choking me.
Hina: Thanks so much~! I love you so, so, so, so much~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
