band4-044 Chapter 9: Pastel＊Palettes' Song

Maya is feeling guilty. She discusses the situation with Hina, who remains her usual self.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Maya: Sigh~.
Maya: (There's no denying now that there's a wide divide between us and ViVidCanvas...)
Maya: (I know there's the business with Chisato-san, but none of this would've happened if I hadn't told them to ignore seniority...)
Maya: Why did I have to say that...? Sigh~.
Hina: Ah, I spy a Maya-chan~!
Maya: Whoa, Hina-san...
Hina: What's with the sighing? You've got such an unboppin' look on your face~.
Maya: S-sorry... I just found myself thinking about what happened the other day...
Hina: The situation did get pretty tense, huh~? Then there were all the heavy things Chisato-chan said.
Maya: Y-yeah... Are you okay even after everything that happened, Hina-san?
Hina: Well, even I had to do some thinking. I talked to my sister about it.
Maya: You talked to Sayo-san...?
Hina: Yep! I was feeling pretty down until I did, but talking about it with her helped cheer me up.
Hina: She really is so amazing~.
Maya: Sigh~, you're so lucky. All I've been doing is sighing.
Maya: I still don't know what to do...
Hina: Oh~, then we're in the same boat! I don't know what to do either!
Maya: ... Huh? You don't know either...?
Hina: Yeah, but my sister reminded me that I'm someone who can enjoy what I don't understand!
Hina: Hey, why don't we try to figure it out together? Just worrying about it isn't gonna solve anything anyway!
Hina: You might as well enjoy not knowing!
Maya: Enjoy... not knowing...
Maya: I-I see... It's true that just worrying about it won't accomplish anything...
Maya: Alright... Let's try putting our heads together!
(Black cut)
Maya: I think you can say there are currently two main issues.
Hina: Agreed~. One is the seniority issue between the trainees and us. The other one is the song they're going to be performing at our concert.
Maya: They're both complicated, but they are what's at the root of the problem.
Hina: Honestly, I'm not all that bothered about the whole seniority thing. I like the girls and find them interesting.
Hina: What made me feel uncomfortable was finding out they'd be doing one of our songs.
Hina: I wonder what gave me that weird feeling, though.
Maya: Isn't it because the song is ours and means something to us...?
Hina: Yeah, but it's not like we wrote the lyrics or composed the music. We weren't the ones that made it.
Maya: Well, I guess so... But that was also why we spent a lot of time talking about it and trying to bring together the different ways each of us saw the song...
Hina: So you're saying the unpleasant feeling I had will go away once the trainees have the same discussion?
Hina: I dunno. That doesn't feel like that's it~.
Maya: Yeah... I don't think so either...
Tsugumi: Ah, Hina-senpai, Maya-senpai! Hello!
Hina: Ohh, Tsugu-chan!
Maya: Hello.
Tsugumi: Is everything okay? You both had very serious looks on your faces...
Maya: Uhh... that's because Pastel＊Palettes has a bit of a complicated problem.
Tsugumi: Hm? What do you mean...?
Hina: Oh, yeah! Maybe you could help us out, Tsugu-chan! You don't mind if I tell her, right, Maya-chan?
Maya: Of course I don't. I'd love to be able to get another opinion...
Tsugumi: Uhh, I'm not sure I'll be much use with something that's giving both of you trouble...
Hina: But you wouldn't abandon us, right~? It's the job of the student council to help out fellow students, isn't it~?
Tsugumi: A-are you sure you should be saying that as the student council president...?
Tsugumi: But alright! I'll do what I can to help! After all, I have a lot of respect for the two of you!
Maya: Thank you, Hazawa-san!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: I see. So that's what's happening...
Hina: Yeah~. I don't really get why the thought of having them sing our song made me feel uncomfortable~.
Tsugumi: Well... I think I understand a bit.
Hina: Oh?! You do?!
Tsugumi: That feeling...
Tsugumi: It might be a bit similar to what we felt when we gave you guys "Y.O.L.O!!!!!"
Maya: ...! Th-that makes sense! I can see why!
Maya: C-could you tell us more?
