band4-042 Chapter 7: Trembling Body

Aya and the others chase after Chisato as she runs out of the agency. Finally, Chisato shares what's on her mind.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan! Wait!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: I'm sorry... This is all my fault...
Aya: I didn't set a good example for ViVidCanvas, so you had to-
Maya: It's not your fault, Aya-san! It was my short-sightedness and irresponsibility! I shouldn't have told them to forget about seniority...
Maya: Chisato-san... I'm really sorry.
Chisato: Did all of you come after me...?
Eve: Of course we did! Our hearts beat as one!
Hina: The trainees also wanted to come, but I told them now wasn't a good time.
Chisato: I see... It seems I have made all of you worry.
Chisato: It makes me realize just how miserable and pathetic I am.
Aya: Don't say things like that, Chisato-chan! You were only trying to cover for me when you said those things to ViVidCanvas-
Chisato: No, that is not it... That is not it at all...
Eve: Then what is it that has upset you, Chisato-san? Please tell us! We do not want to just sit by and watch you suffer!
Chisato: At this point, I probably should tell you...
Chisato: The reason I was upset on the day we recorded the show was for a very personal reason...
Aya: A personal... reason...?
Chisato: Yes. Before the show, do you remember how I mentioned I had an interview for a special program?
Hina: Ah, yeah, you did say something like that. What does that have to do with anything, though?
Chisato: The title of that program was "Former Famous Child Actors - What Are They Up to Now?"
Maya: Huh...? "Former Famous Child Actors"...? W-wait, were you featured on that show?
Chisato: No, the person being interviewed was an old friend I used to work with.
Chisato: She is five years older than me, so I suppose you could say she was more like an older sister figure to me than a friend.
Chisato: She was the one who took me under her wing right after I joined the entertainment industry. We saw each other nearly every day for about half a year.
Chisato: Even after we stopped seeing each other, she continued to receive many jobs. She even got to appear in a commercial. There was barely a day when she was not on TV...
Chisato: At least until it happened...
Aya: ... What?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: During the interview for the program, we were asked to share memories of our time together from back then.
Chisato: When she transitioned to upper elementary, she asked her agency to reduce her workload so that she could have more time to study. They agreed, quite willingly.
Chisato: At first, she was glad she had more time to study. However, as time went on, she started to have more and more time to herself... Until one day, her schedule became empty.
(White cut)
(Background change)
All: ...
Chisato: I was trembling through the whole interview...
Chisato: There was very little that differed between us. And that meant...
Chisato: It very well could have been me in her place...
Chisato: Just thinking of that possibility... filled me with fear... I pressed my legs down with my hands so that nobody would notice the trembling.
Chisato: I had a feeling the people recording the show wanted it to be some kind of touching reunion, but I was determined not to give them any tears.
Aya: ...
Chisato: She and I spoke with each other for a bit after the interview.
Chisato: We had not seen each other in years, but she was so very kind and just as I remembered.
Chisato: She told me she had retired from show business and that she had found a new goal to pursue.
Chisato: However... She also said her life may have turned out differently if she had not asked the agency to reduce her workload.
Chisato: Ever since that interview, I cannot stop myself from shaking!
Chisato: I know in my heart that, as someone more experienced than ViVidCanvas, it is my responsibility to work with and help them.
Chisato: But after seeing firsthand how terrifying and ruthless this industry is, I...
Chisato: I just couldn't take it when I heard they were going to be singing our song.
Chisato: I felt like we would lose the place where we belong...
Chisato: Ugh, I am truly pathetic. Even I'm annoyed with myself.
Maya: I see... So that's what happened...
Eve: What happened after that...?
Chisato: We shook hands briefly and went our separate ways. I wanted to ask her how I could keep in touch, but I couldn't do it for some reason...
All: ...
Hina: Well, that makes sense~. In this line of work, popularity tends to be short-lived. I guess it means there's just no telling when we'll also become famous former idols.
Hina: I mean, new idols practically come and go every day.
Hina: That's what the world of show business is. You never know what's gonna happen. It makes you realize just how amazing this industry is.
Aya: No... I don't want that...
Maya: Aya-san...
Aya: I don't want that to happen...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
