band4-048 Chapter 13: The Story Continues

The following day, ViVidCanvas assembles on Hina's cue. They show Pastel＊Palettes something...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Following Day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Thank you for coming. I know it was sudden, but there's something I would like you to see...
Hina: Come on out, girls~!
Mio: Hello...
Serina & Shino: H-hello...
Chisato: Pardon me... Could I have a moment...?
Maya: Sorry, could whatever you have to say wait? I want to show what we've got before you do! Are you all ready?
ViVidCanvas: We are!
Hina: Alright, show them what you've got~!
Maya: (A "Hanamaru◎Andante" that paints a different picture from our version... This is the interpretation the girls arrived at after spending all of last night talking about it...)
Eve: (The core is the same, but the colors are different! This combination of colors is something that only ViVidCanvas can create!)
Aya: (This is amazing...! Incredible! This is ViVidCanvas' brand new "Hanamaru◎Andante!")
Chisato: (They've taken the lyrics in a totally different direction from us. Who would have thought "Hanamaru◎Andante" could be interpreted this way...?)
Chisato: (This version... I...)
Aya: (... I want to hear it at a concert!)
(White cut)
Maya: So, what did you think of ViVidCanvas' version?
Aya: Incredible! It was so good!
Hina: I know, right? I really like their version too!
Mio: Maya-san, Hina-san, thank you so much... I'm really grateful you asked us to come...
Mio: I think I've caught a glimpse of what our "Hanamaru◎Andante" is supposed to be!
Maya: Huhehe. That may be, but I'm sure you can do even better! You should keep aiming even higher!
ViVidCanvas: Right!
Chisato: ... Excuse me.
Chisato: May I speak now?
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: ViVidCanvas...
Chisato: I put you through a lot of unpleasantness because of my own personal emotions... I am deeply ashamed of what I did.
Chisato: Even though idols are supposed to help people dream, I got in the way of your dreams just so that I could protect my own...
Chisato: I am truly sorry for what I did to you...!
Mio: ...!
Chisato: I... would love to hear your "Hanamaru◎Andante" at our concert.
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Aya: C-could I say a few words too? There's something I figured out thanks to all of you.
Aya: As idols, we constantly have to strive to become greater than the idols that came before us...
Aya: Just as I want to become greater than Ayumi-san, I want you three to become greater than us!
Mio: Aya-san...
Aya: I think I've figured out what it means to be an idol... We're a story of continued growth, where we inherit the feelings and brightness of others while also passing on those same qualities.
Mio: Hm? A story of continued growth...?
Aya: Yeah! It's a story where everyone does their best and continues to grow by competing with others.
Aya: This isn't just Pastel＊Palettes' story either. It's a story that'll never end so long as idols exist.
Aya: And we're all a part of this grand tale. That's what I think.
Aya: That's why... Chisato-chan, here!
Chisato: Is that the sunflower charm from our audition...?
Aya: When we auditioned together, we were competing, but it also helped us improve.
Aya: Competition doesn't have to be about winning or losing. There are ways of competing that can help both sides grow.
Aya: I want to... No, I want us to compete so that idols everywhere can grow even more. That's the kind of story I want us to tell!
Chisato: Being an idol means being part of a never-ending story... Fufu, I feel I will never be able to outdo you, Aya-chan.
Maya: I-I never thought of us as being part of such a grand story! Th-this is so exciting!
Eve: To be an idol is to be part of an eternal saga of inheriting and passing on teachings! It is truly bushido!
Hina: Ahaha! You're a real riot, Aya-chan~! Only you would think of idols in that way!
Aya: Y-you think...?
Aya: Well...
Aya: It's probably because I just really love idols!
(White cut)
(Background change)
