band4-050 Chapter 15: Idols

As cries for encores reverberate through the venue, Pastel＊Palettes and ViVidCanvas step up onto the stage together.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day of Pastel＊Palettes' Concert]

[Offstage]

Aya: The cries for an encore are even louder than usual. Are you guys ready?
Eve: Yes, we are! How about you three?
ViVidCanvas: We're also ready!
Hina: Ohh, nice~. You guys are just raring to go!
Maya: It's time to show the audience your "Hanamaru◎Andante!"
ViVidCanvas: Yes!
Chisato: The crowd will surely go wild when you appear. Do not ever forget the atmosphere or the faces of the crowd cheering you on.
Mio: Why their faces...?
Chisato: Each member of the audience has different feelings they're trying to convey when they cheer for us.
Chisato: In order to receive those feelings, we have to look at their faces properly.
Chisato: At a certain point, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes started keeping this in mind, especially during concerts... Thanks to Aya-chan's influence.
Maya: That's actually why we have the lights turned on during encores. You should be able to see the faces of the audience clearly.
Aya: And don't forget the people all the way in the back, okay?
ViVidCanvas: Okay!
Aya: Alright, time for the encore!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: That was ViVidCanvas~! Please give them a round of applause~!
Aya: Thank you so much for today. And thank you so much, ViVidCanvas!
Aya: Umm... Well...
Aya: ...
Aya: A lot of things happened while preparing for this concert.
Aya: We had to face a fear we'd never dealt with before. There were even times where we couldn't take a step forward because we were so afraid.
Chisato: (Aya-chan...)
Chisato: (The entire audience is being drawn to her... No matter where I look, everyone's eyes are on her...)
Chisato: ...?!
Chisato: (I-is that...?!)
Chisato: (... Fufufu. Thank goodness... It looks like the ticket I had the staff send made it...)
Chisato: (Right into her hands...)
Aya: But...
Aya: I'm so happy I get to see all of you here today!
Aya: Each of us will continue being idols in our own way, so please continue to support us!
Pastel＊Palettes: Please and thank you!
Aya: Do you guys like idols~?!
Aya: Alright, then please listen to our final song! "TITLE IDOL."
(White cut)
Chisato: (There is no telling what the future holds, but even so, I still want to understand...)
Chisato: (I know that what lies ahead will be a clear image of my dream, where I continue to be a part of Pastel＊Palettes!)
(White cut)
Hina: (Life's so fun because the future's unknown~.)
Hina: (I wonder what challenges we'll overcome together as a group? Just thinking about it makes me feel so boppidy-bop-boppin'♪)
(White cut)
Eve: (Even if the future cannot be known, I know we will be okay so long as we are together! We are all different, but the way we care about each other and Pastel＊Palettes are the same!)
Eve: (I shall guard you all so that we may pass the torch along in this unending saga!)
(White cut)
Maya: (The future is a mystery. That's why I have to come up with my own answer... Doing so will be my way of being an idol while still being true to myself!)
Maya: (It's okay if my answers are wrong. It's okay if things don't work out. Because being an idol is about walking that very path!)
(White cut)
Aya: (I'm not afraid anymore... I can keep going even though I don't know what'll happen... I feel it. I can feel everyone encouraging me.)
Aya: (That's why...)
Aya: (Everything will be okay...)
Aya: (We'll continue weaving the story of idols together!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mio: Just look at the stage... They're so radiant...
Serina: But someday... we'll have to become greater than them...
Shino: Let's do our best... so that we can also help other people dream!
Mio: ... Yes! No matter how far off things may look right now, all we can do is give it our best! We'll just have to work harder, and harder... That's all we can do!
ViVidCanvas: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Great job out there, guys~!
Hina: Nice job~. You were on even more of a roll than usual, Aya-chan.
Eve: I thought so too! It was a wonderful performance.
Aya: Th-thanks~. But I still need to get better~. Didn't it feel like I stumbled a bit during the first song's intro? And there are a couple of other places I feel I messed up...
Maya: I did freak out for a moment during the first song, but other than that, I thought you were more or less perfect.
Aya: I'm not so sure~. What do you think, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Hmm, I would like to review the video footage properly later, but for now, I am just relieved you made no mistakes when MCing.
Hina: Unlike the total mess of words you said during practice, you didn't stumble on your words at all.
Eve: Your training has clearly paid off! When did you come up with what you were going to say?
Aya: Hm? Oh, that...
Aya: It was improvised.
All: Huh?!
Aya: I-I tried to come up with things to say, but I just couldn't put them all into a cohesive sentence.
Chisato: I-I can't believe you managed to do that. You're not very comfortable with ad-libbing...
Maya: You know, Aya-san... You really are a natural-born idol.
Aya: I-I am...? I wonder if this means I'm growing as well.
Hina: Ah! From now on, why don't we have them add an MC segment where Aya-chan has to ad-lib?
Aya: Hina-chan?! I can't! There's no way I can do that!
Eve: I would be interested in seeing that! Let us have such a segment added!
Aya: Wait! Things just happened to work out today. I-
Hina: Ah! I just had a boppin' idea♪ Why don't we have the audience decide what Aya-chan has to talk about when she's MCing? I bet everyone will love it!
Maya: That seems more like something a rakugo storyteller would do...
Aya: H-hey, Chisato-chan, help me out~.
Chisato: Fufufu. I am sure you'll manage.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan~...
All: Hahahahaha.
(White cut)
(Background change)
