band4-045 Chapter 10: A Different Story

Maya and Hina head to the school roof to get advice from Afterglow.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Hina: This is my first time on Afterglow's turf~! Ahaha♪
Tsugumi: Please don't call it our turf!
Maya: What do you mean by that?
Tsugumi: I-it's nothing! It really is nothing! By the way, I've already given everyone a brief explanation...
Hina: Hey guys. Thanks for coming.
Ran: It's fine. It's not like we can say no to a summons from the student council president...
Maya: We're really sorry we had you come all the way here. Could you tell us about "Y.O.L.O!!!!!"?
Ran: I'm not sure where to begin, but...
Ran: It did feel sad to give you guys "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" It felt like our song was going to become someone else's.
Tomoe: We'd never experienced anything like it before, so we did have mixed feelings.
Himari: Yeah, even during recording, things felt a bit different from normal.
Moca: Hii-chan, you were crying, weren't you?
Himari: W-was I...?
Tsugumi: I don't remember if she was crying, but it felt like our song was becoming somebody else's, right?
Hina: Yeah, I think that's what I'm feeling now.
Ran: But we knew you'd take good care of it, so we felt confident about giving it to you guys in the end.
Himari: True! There was that for sure.
Tomoe: And when we heard your version of "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" for the first time, I was blown away!
Moca: It really was something~. It was like we met a different "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" from the one we knew~.
Ran: We probably wouldn't have been satisfied if you had tried to copy our way of performing it.
Ran: But your version told a totally different story from our "Y.O.L.O!!!!!"
Maya: Is that so...?
Ran: We all had faith you guys would be able to do that.
Tsugumi: Because we trusted you, we were excited to see what kind of a song you would turn it into.
Maya: I see... Interesting. What you've said makes sense...
Hina: Hm? What is it, Maya-chan?
Maya: I think there's a part of us that doesn't fully have faith in ViVidCanvas...
Maya: We don't trust them to tell a different story with their "Hanamaru◎Andante."
Hina: Now that you mention it... that might be it!
Hina: When I think of how they're going to perform it, I keep imagining an inferior copy of Aya-chan's version.
Hina: I can see them trying to copy the way Aya-chan dances and sings.
Maya: I know what you mean! Aya-san can be really magnetic that way!
Hina: It's not like there's a rule that says "Hanamaru◎Andante" has to be sung her way.
Hina: Only Aya-chan can be Aya-chan. The trainees aren't her!
Maya: You know, I think that would be bad for ViVidCanvas as well...
Maya: Because if they do that, they'll be compared to her directly...
Hina: then they wouldn't stand a chance~...
Maya: In that case...
Maya: We just need to have them find a way to sing their own version!
Maya: One that tells a different story from ours!
Hina: I like that! I'm starting to feel really boppin'~♪
Hina: Now that that's been decided, let's have them meet us!
Maya: What?! You mean now?!
Hina: We're their seniors, after all~! Remember what Chisato-chan said. Seniority is important in show business! That means they can't say no.
Maya: I-I don't think Chisato-san meant it quite that way...
Maya: In any case, we need to get rid of these bad feelings quickly! Let's get in touch with them! Where do you think we should meet?
Hina: How does the agency sound?
Maya: Hmm, I don't think that'd be a good idea. If ViVidCanvas and Chisato-san run into each other, things might get even more complicated.
Hina: True, then...
Maya: I know a good place we can meet!
Maya: Thank you so much for talking to us, Hazawa-san and everyone else!
Hina: Nice job, Tsugu-chan~!
Tsugumi: Fufufu, thank you. It means a lot!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Aya: (I wonder what people thought of yesterday's upload... Checking social media used to be part of my routine, but now...)
Aya: (What if there are more people who aren't using Pastel＊Palettes profile pics anymore...? What if people are saying bad things about us...?)
Aya: I'm so afraid...
Eve: Aya-san, are you okay?
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: I saw you from the classroom window...
Eve: Is there anything I can do to help?
Aya: S-sorry... I know this isn't like me... I know it, but it's just...
Eve: Ah! Why don't we go see the set of samurai armor at Ryuseido? Seeing it will surely make you feel better!
Aya: Thanks... This is my first time feeling this way... I have no idea how to deal with it.
Aya: Until just a few days ago, I was so excited to check out social media with you... But now, it scares me...
Aya: When I think of how our fans must think of us... my finger refuses to move...
Aya: Eve-chan... I... I'm not a former famous idol yet, am I?
Eve: You must be strong! You... We... are not former famous idols!
Eve: We are still here as members of Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: You're always so strong... Why am I so hopeless...?
Eve: You are incorrect! I am not... strong...
Aya: ... What?
(White cut)
Eve: I am also consumed by fear. And I know how weak I am!
Eve: That is why I am drawn to the warrior's strength! I want to become stronger!
Aya: Eve-chan...
Eve: We must muster our courage and see what people are saying! Our fears may be unfounded, and our imagination may be what is preventing us from seeing that!
Eve: It happens a lot during kendo matches.
Eve: Before a match, an opponent may appear stronger than they are. However, once a match starts and you lock swords, you are able to see their true skill.
Eve: But we do not know... and that is what must be causing our fear!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Our fear is being caused by not knowing... I get it now... I think you're right.
Aya: I'm still afraid, but I have to take a step forward... After all, that's how I've always done things.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
