band4-039 Chapter 4: Seniors and Juniors

Pastel＊Palettes and ViVidCanvas finish their first recording together, but Chisato wears a somber expression.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Recording]

Hina: Great job~! Ahahaha, today's show was so fun, wasn't it~?
Maya: Yes! Even the show's staff enjoyed it.
Chisato: ...
Hina: Hey, hey, Chisato-chan. Didn't you have fun? You didn't say a word the whole time...
Chisato: O-oh...? That was not my intention...
Hina: Hm? Did something happen?
Chisato: No, everything is fine. I am sorry, maybe I am just a little tired.
Hina: See, that's why I said you're working too much. Why don't you take some time off once in a while?
Chisato: ... I have no intention of taking time off from work.
Mio: Hello, great job out there~.
Eve: Ah, hello! All of you did very well! It is hard to believe this was your first time! You were amazing!
Serina: All of the opportunities Aya-san created for us to react to her blunders really helped us!
Mio: Yes, I don't think we would have done as well if not for her assistance.
Aya: What~?! I wasn't trying to help out, you know...
Chisato: ...
Shino: The way you stumbled over your words when you were introducing yourself was truly amazing. It takes real talent to do so at the perfect moment!
Serina: Totally~! And then there was that game of charades! Your table tennis impression looked just like a bon dance!
ViVidCanvas: Ahahaha.
Chisato: Um, could I tell you all something?
Mio: Ah, Chisato-san, thank you for all your hard work out there. I was able to enjoy it thanks to you.
Chisato: Fufu, I am very glad to hear that... However, don't you think you relied a bit too much on Aya-chan?
Mio: ... Huh?
Chisato: I do agree that everyone in the studio seemed to be having a great time, but that was all thanks to Aya-chan's actions.
Aya: Umm, Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: For your own sake, you would do well to remember that fact from now on.
Aya: Chisato-chan, it wasn't just me! ViVidCanvas also-
Chisato: And while seniority may not matter, that is only when we are on camera. Now that the show is over, some modicum of respect is in order, I believe.
ViVidCanvas: ...
Eve: Ch-Chisato-san, did something upset you?
Chisato: Oh... I-I am sorry...
Chisato: It is just that this has been something that has been bothering me... Seniority is important in show business, after all.
Chisato: Even if we do not mind, they will be the ones who will suffer as a result when they work alone... It is our duty to teach them properly, do you not think...?
Aya: I-I guess so... It's not like we'll always be working together, I suppose...
Chisato: You also would do well to remember, Aya-chan.
Aya: Umm, me...?
Chisato: There is nothing wrong with being friendly, but being friendly will not help you survive in the harsh entertainment industry.
Chisato: Whether you want to or not, this is a place where we must compete against each other.
Chisato: If we are to continue succeeding as idols, it means we must always continue to triumph over our competition.
Aya: What... are you saying...?
Chisato: If you keep treating everyone like a friend, the time will most likely come when you will no longer receive any job offers.
Maya: Ch-Chisato-san, I'm sorry! This is all my fault for telling them seniority doesn't matter! It was short-sighted of me...
Maya: So please don't scold ViVidCanvas...
ViVidCanvas: ...
Mio: W-we're sorry too... Chisato-san...
Chisato: ... I-I am the one who should apologize. It bothered me a little for some reason...  I must be more tired than I thought...
Hina: Ohh, that was really awesome, Chisato-chan~! It was like you were back to your old self!
Hina: It was really boppin'♪
Chisato: H-Hina-chan...
Hina: Oh, I know. You became mad because they were teasing Aya-chan, right?
Chisato: N-no... not exactly...
Hina: Are you sure~? But you were really angry. Why were you in such a bad mood? I wanna know~.
Chisato: I-I was not upset either. I'm really sorry. I seem to have ruined the mood.
Hina: Well, I don't really care either way. I like the old you, too~. Hey, Aya-chan! It was kinda like old times, wasn't it?
Aya: (This is a world... of competition...)
Aya: (I never really considered things like that... Maybe my way of thinking has been naive...)
Hina: Hey, are you listening?
Aya: Oh, sorry! I was a bit preoccupied. What did you just say...?
Hina: Hey, at least listen, will you~? I said Chisato-chan was-
Chisato: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
