band4-037 Chapter 2: Trainees

In the rehearsal studio, three familiar trainees re-introduce themselves.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Following Day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Alright, you three, line up here~.
???: Okay!
Maya: Now then, please introduce yourselves!
???: Hello, my name is Mio Serizawa, an idol trainee. Thank you for all the help during the concert.
Hina: Oh~, Mio-chan. You seem more mature than when we last met.
Mio: I don't think I've changed... However, I do look forward to working with you again. Okay, Serina. It's your turn to introduce yourself.
Serina: Okay~! How've you all been? I'm Serina Yamase, aka Seri-rin, the angel idol~!
Eve: Angel idol...? I do not recall seeing you introduce yourself that way during the joint rehearsal.
Serina: I copied Maya-san's idea from last time~! What do you think?
Chisato: What exactly makes you like an angel? Forgive me, but there's nothing that seems particularly angelic...
Serina: U-umm, I'm still trying to figure that out...! I'm really glad to be able to work with Pastel＊Palettes again! Thank you for the opportunity~!
Serina: Alright, Shino, you're next~!
Shino: O-okay! Nice to meet you. I am Shino Koganei! I look forward to working with all of you again!
Eve: Hm? Shino-san, I thought you were there during our last joint rehearsal. "Nice to meet you! does not seem like the most appropriate greeting...
Shino: Oh, uhh... I thought you might not remember me, so I said it just in case!
Shino: If I said, "It's been a while," and you didn't remember me, you would wonder who I am, right? That's why I went with "Nice to meet you."
Shino: Oh, I'm sorry! I'm not making any sense, am I...? A-anyhow, I look forward to working with all of you again!
Hina: Ahaha, I do too~!
Maya: Anyway, these three have been chosen out of the trainees to debut as idols!
Aya: They're going to be promoted as Pastel＊Palettes' official sister group.
Aya: I'm so glad to see you here... I couldn't be happier for you if it was me in your place... Sniff.
Eve: A-Aya-san... You are letting yourself be overwhelmed with emotion...
Chisato: I understand why you would be so emotional since you were a trainee too, but didn't you cry during the last joint rehearsal as well?
Aya: That's because I totally get how it feels~.
Hina: And you have also been in touch with the trainees.
Maya: Oh, Hina-san, we shouldn't call them trainees. They have a group name now.
Hina: They do? What is it? Tell me!
Mio: Yes... uhh... we're called... ViVidCanvas... I think?
Hina: Aw~, way to kill the excitement. Couldn't you say something with a bit more flair? Maybe something like "We're the brilliant and vibrant ViVidCanvas!"
Mio: I'm sorry... We haven't thought of things like that yet...
Serina: We only learned we'd be debuting yesterday. It still doesn't even feel real.
Maya: Well, you can take your time figuring stuff like that out!
Aya: Yeah! It looks like we'll be appearing in shows together for a while, so you can just come to us whenever you need advice!
Maya: I checked our schedule earlier and it said we'll be recording All Fun and Games together three days from now!
Eve: We will? I am very excited!
Shino: S-so am I! So many people talk about All Fun and Games online! I can't believe we get to appear on such a show...!
Mio: This is all thanks to the joint rehearsals we had. Ever since those lessons, the way I view being an idol has changed.
Serina: Yeah. I learned that being an idol isn't about pretending to be someone you aren't.
Hina: But you called yourself an angel idol, didn't you? What's an angel idol supposed to be anyway?
Serina: L-like I said, I'm still trying to figure that out...
All: Ahahaha.
Maya: In any case, the fact that you three feel that way makes the joint rehearsals we did worthwhile! And don't hold back when the show's being filmed!
Maya: When it comes to being on camera or on stage, seniority doesn't mean anything, after all! Let's all work together to make the show a success!
ViVidCanvas: Okay!
Aya: Hey... you don't have to answer if you don't want to, but... could you tell me what your dreams are?
Mio: Our... dreams?
Aya: I'm just curious about what kind of idols you want to become, or what you want to do in the future!
Mio: I would like to try acting in addition to being an idol because acting has always been my dream.
Eve: You do have the air of an actress! I would love to see you acting alongside Chisato-san!
Mio: I look up to Chisato-san, so I would love to make that come true someday.
Chisato: Fufu, I will also be looking forward to that day.
Serina: I want to be a regular on a TV show that gets broadcast locally!
Maya: Uhh... That's an awfully down-to-earth dream for someone who's supposed to be an angel...
Hina: Ahaha, you're a riot, Serina-chan~!
Shino: I want us to do a dome concert for sure! And I think it would be great if we could also do a nationwide dome tour!
Aya: Ohh, I think that'd be great! You're dreaming big~.
Aya: I hope all your dreams come true! We'll be supporting you guys... so... let's work together and do our best.
Hina: Getting emotional again, are we? I didn't notice anything that should've made you get all teary.
Aya: I-I didn't either~. It's just, you know, I started thinking how amazing idols are.
Maya: I know what you mean! Idols are really something!
Mio: We will be doing our best to become idols like yourselves, so I look forward to working with all of you!
Serina & Shino: We do too!
Mio: Anyway, we apparently have an interview for a magazine, so we will be going now.
Aya: Okay! Oh, hey...!
Mio: Yes?
Aya: Let's do our best together!
Mio: ... Of course. We will do everything we can to catch up to you!
