107_Ako Udagawa_R3 Sincere Ambition

Gacha phrase: That was good, but could you try it again like this?

<Super Cool Person>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Our dark power grows as black flames envelop the stage, our... uh, like... unified power... something...
Ako: Hrm~, I can't come up with the right thing to say to make it cooler~. I'll ask Rin-rin for ideas later on...
Ako: Oh, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Ako...?
Ako: Good morning. You're heading to the studio, right? Can I walk with you?
Yukina: Be my guest.
Ako: Thank you!
Ako: (Ehehe, I'm so lucky to have time with Yukina-san first thing in the morning~♪)
Ako: (And on top of that...)
Yukina: You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Ako: I am! I'm happy that I get to walk to the studio with you, and I was just thinking how much fun our gig was the other day!
Ako: Especially the last song! It was so perfect how it just went like... boom!
Yukina: Everyone seemed quite motivated the moment they heard my fa-... my dad's song.
Ako: Of course!
Ako: The moment I heard that song, there was like this spark! I thought it was just so cool!
Ako: And I totally knew it would sound even cooler if you sang it, Yukina-san!
Ako: And-and-and, something just stirred in me... I just had all these ideas about ways to play it!
Yukina: You looked truly happy on the drums that day.
Ako: I was! Rin-rin played her keyboard with me too, and it made us both wanna play that song even more!
Ako: I thought we were going to play it at our next gig, but... when you said it wouldn't be on the set list, I started to wonder why.
Ako: I thought that maybe you didn't want to play it because we weren't good enough yet…
Ako: So I talked to Rin-rin, and we decided to practice lots and lots!
Yukina: I see...
Yukina: (I hesitated because I thought I wasn't ready, but... it seems I made Ako and the others worry more than they should have.)
Yukina: I'm sorry I gave you the wrong impression. It wasn't because of you or any of the others.
Ako: Huh?!
Ako: Uh, u-um...d-don't apologize! We understand now!
Ako: And besides, I was really happy in the end.
Yukina: You were...?
Ako: Yeah! You asked me... and the others to give you a chance to sing that song. You asked us for help.
Ako: I really look up to you, Yukina-san. I think you're super cool!
Ako: So even if there isn't much I can do, I want to help you...
Ako: I was really happy that you depended on us, and told us about what you were going through.
Yukina: Ako...
Yukina: I didn't realize you felt that way.
Ako: Ehehe, don't forget I'm one of your hugest fans!
Ako: *sigh*... You were so cool when you were singing that song...
Yukina: I was...?
Ako: Yeah! Rin-rin and I were talking about it after our gig!
Ako: We wanna see you sing that song again, and we wanna put on an even more solid performance next time!
Yukina: I'd like to do that-
Yukina: No, I'd like to do something even better than that. And to do so, I'll need all of your help again.
Ako: You need us...! Do you mean that?!
Yukina: Of course.
Ako: So-so-so, does that mean that I've been helping you?!
Yukina: Y-yes...
Yukina: Not only you. Everyone in Roselia... gives my voice the support it needs.
Yukina: I'm counting on all of you.
Ako: *gasp* O-okay!
Ako: Oh my god... I can't believe! I'm so super happy!
Ako: Okay! I'm gonna go extra hard at practice today!


<Amazing Song!>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Ooh, {{userName}}-san! What's up?
Ako: Me? I'm taking a break!
Ako: Huh? You think I was really focused during practice today?
Ako: I was! After that last gig, I've been in really good form~.
Ako: And it's just so much fun to play the drums now!
Ako: I mean, it was always fun in the past too. But now when I play, there's just something... more exciting about it!
Ako: As soon as I have the sticks in my hands, I start thinking about what kinda sounds I can make, and I just get so pumped!
Ako: I guess I started to like the drums even more ever since we played that new song~.
Ako: Yeah, that's the one! The last song we played at our gig the other day! Apparently it's one of Yukina-san's dad's songs.!
Ako: I thought it was so cool the first time I heard it! It was like it just took control of my feelings.
Ako: Like I could totally visualize the song in my head! It was amazing!
Ako: I got on the drums after that, and it was just so much fun…
Ako: After that I wanted to play that song so bad at our next gig.
Ako: Oh! Rin-rin played her keyboard with me too~!
Ako: She had an idea and played a part for me, and then I played a rhythm to match it…
Ako: Oh my god, it was sooo much fun~!
Ako: So then I got really excited cause I thought we'd be playing it at our next gig…
Ako: But Yukina-san wasn't sure if we should play it or not.
Ako: She said it was beyond our level...
Ako: I mean, we didn't have much time left before until the gig, and the song seemed pretty hard at the time so...
Ako: I guess it would've been kinda... I dunno, risky?
Ako: It's a gig, after all. The crowd wouldn't enjoy it if we couldn't play our songs properly!
Ako: So I thought that was why Yukina-san wasn't sure about playing a new song.
Ako: But it turns out it was something different. It was more of like a umm... emotional thing for her...
Ako: Rin-rin told me that Yukina-san probably needed a lot of resolve to sing that song.
Ako: I didn't really understand what she meant by that. I don't know what Yukina would have to do to find her resolve either…
Ako: I'm more of the act first, think later type. Yukina-san thinks about lots of things so I guess we're opposites.
Ako: So I thought Yukina-san was really cool how she thinks so much about our songs and stressed over them.
Ako: I don't know how to say this properly, but... I think anyone can sing songs, but Yukina does more than just that.
Ako: She doesn't run away from things, you know? Like her feelings towards that song, or how she's can come to terms with it…
Ako: I think that kinda thing about her is so cool!
Ako: That's why I practiced that song really hard! I wanted to do something to help Yukina-san.
Ako: That song was just so cool... I wanted to play it so bad. I was super happy when she finally said she wanted us to play it~.
Ako: Yukina-san was incredible when we were practicing!
Ako: She was super focused the whole time and never stopped singing, but she was still paying attention to how we played too...
Ako: I didn't want to let Yukina-san down, and I knew we had to support her.
Ako: We all worked super-duper hard because we knew we had to make it the best song ever!
Ako: And then the gig was a great success... Oh my god, it was sooo much fun~!
Ako: I'm so glad we played that song!
Ako: ... *gasp* This the perfect time to do it... ahem.
Ako: With the triumph over this great ordeal, my dark powers grow ever stronger...
Ako: And... like release all this power and... uh, I become a superior being...
Ako: A-anyway, I'm gonna keep working really hard so that Yukina-san knows she can rely on me! Yeah!
