363_Ako Udagawa_R4 Necromancer of the Abyss

Gacha phrase: She who overcomes the very laws of existence. The sacred but fallen angel makes her descent! Boom!! It's Princess Ako!!

<Ako's Something Cool>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Departure Village]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Sayo-san, why don't we take a look around town while we're here?! If we talk to the townspeople, we can learn more about this world~!
RinRin (Rinko): Good idea! (´∀`∩
Sayo: ... I don't necessarily care for a world inside of a computer game, but... Fine. I'll let you two lead the way.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I never thought I'd be walking around Departure Village with you, Sayo-san! Isn't the world of NFO great?
Sayo: Good, bad... I couldn't possibly tell the difference.
RinRin (Rinko): If there's anything you're wondering about, feel free to ask (*´ω｀*)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It's like Rin-rin knows everything! She even remembers things like where you can find items that aren't shown on the map!
Sayo: Items that aren't shown... They have those too, huh? Well, I don't even know how to read one of these maps. I'm pretty sure if you two weren't here, I would get lost in this town.
RinRin (Rinko): This town's layout is relatively easy to understand. Everything centers around the village leader's house: there's a shop for weapons, one for armor, and on the other side, one for materials.
Sayo: I don't even remember where the village leader's house is...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay, I'll show you where it is again! Sayo-san, this way!
Sayo: Do you mind not changing directions so suddenly? Let's see. To turn around, I press this, right...?
Sayo: I have to ask... Is everything this difficult when playing video games?
RinRin (Rinko): Only the very beginning is. All you have to do is remember the basics. Then, Ako-chan and I will be there to support you with things like collecting materials and equipment (σ`･ω･´)σ
Sayo: We have to collect materials and equipment, too...? Hm. Yeah, I suppose the whole reason we're here is that Udagawa-san needs help getting a weapon she wants.
Sayo: This weapon that you get for participating in the new player campaign... Is it special?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It's a rare, limited-edition item that you can only get right now!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I mean, the weapon I'm using now is better for battling, but... still! The one you get from the campaign looks so cool!
RinRin (Rinko): The weapon's design does match perfectly with Ako-chan's necromancer class.
Sayo: I don't really know much about games, so forgive me if I get this wrong, but... when it comes down to it, don't these video games revolve around battles that are determined by the difference in numbers?
Sayo: From that perspective, I think it'd be more beneficial to simply go with a weapon with higher values and more effective abilities...
Sayo: Wouldn't the appearance of a weapon have very little effect on your progression through this world?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): W-well, yeah. That's true... But it's also false...! Sure, using a stronger weapon would make quests easier to clear, and it would give you the upper hand during boss fights, but... Uhm...
RinRin (Rinko): The character you control in NFO is like your clone. It's a representation of your ideal self.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Right! That's why one thing I like to do is to collect equipment based on how cool I think it is! Not just based on stats!
RinRin (Rinko): (*・ω・)(*-ω-)(*・ω・)(*-ω-) Mhm, mhm♪
Sayo: So that's another way of creating a fun experience, huh...?
RinRin (Rinko): There are lots of other ways as well, and that's why people like playing so much .ﾟ+.(*｀･∀･´*)ﾟ+.ﾟ
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Another reason people get hooked is that you can do this with all of your friends!
RinRin (Rinko): That's right. Kind of like how we're enjoying our time today as Roselia.
Sayo: In other words, determining how to enjoy the game is left in the hands of the person playing it... Is that correct?
RinRin (Rinko): Yes! In NFO, the way you have fun will depend on what you hope to get from it.
Sayo: So Udagawa-san is the type of player that prioritizes appearance.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Of course I like to battle bosses with other people and hunt for rare items, but... Yeah, being cool is important to me too!
Sayo: You said this character is a representation of your ideal self... Is that right? If that's the case, does that mean you want to become like this character, Udagawa-san?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Do you even have to ask?! You have sorcery, rituals, summonings... So many things! Doesn't it all have such a cool ring to it?!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): She who wields the forbidden power... The sacred but fallen angel, Princess Ako...! Fufu, fufufufu...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: This 'cool' you hope to gain is beyond my comprehension, Udagawa-san...
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah, we all have a different idea of cool, after all (・・；) To me... Ako-chan is cool (*/∇＼*)
Sayo: ... This is getting harder and harder to understand.
RinRin (Rinko): She never doubts her idea of perfection, and in order turn that idea into reality, she's willing to try hard and face whatever she has to, head-on. I think that's pretty cool (○´ω`○)
RinRin (Rinko): She believes in herself, and she has the strength to fight to achieve her goals. Whenever I see that, I just feel like that's what it means to be coo-...
RinRin (Rinko): Ah, I'm sorry m(*- -*)m I'm not making any sense, am I?
Sayo: ... Actually, I understood that part.
Sayo: The ability to have faith in oneself... That'd fall under the definition of cool in my opinion.
Sayo: So your character is your ideal self, right...? Okay, I think I'm starting to get a better idea of why this game is fun.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Really?! 'Kay, let's dress up your character and add lots of accessories then!
RinRin (Rinko): Is there anything you'd like? Maybe like an outfit with frills... or wings ( ☆Д☆)
Sayo: ... No, the only me that needs to be ideal is the real me. That's what I'll aim for.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Games aren't fake, you know! So c'mon! C'mon c'mon c'mon!
Sayo: Thanks, but I'll be saving my efforts for the real world.
Demon Princess Ako & RinRin: Aww~ (´・ω・｀)


<Let's Play an MMO!>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ako: And that's when Yukina-san used her singing skill, which caught everyone by surprise!
Marina: Wow, guess I learned something new today. I don't know much about this 'NFO'... or any online games, really, but a character that sings could be perfect for Yukina-chan.
Ako: Mhm, mhm. I know if she kept leveling up her character, she'd be the coolest bard.
Ako: I wish she would~... I'd love to help her out... Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ahh, hey there. Ako-chan was just telling me about how the other day, the members of Roselia played a computer game together.
Ako: You should hear this too, {{userName}}-san! It was so much fun~!
Ako: I had them join me so that I could get the bonus that came from the new player campaign, but it turned out that Sayo-san was really into it!
Marina: Wait, really?! Didn't see that coming... She doesn't seem like the type who'd be interested in video games.
Ako: You look shocked too, {{userName}}-san. I didn't think it could happen either. I mean, this is Sayo-san we're talking about.
Ako: Lisa-nee also seemed to be having a good time! As for Yukina-san... Hehe, she may seem all cool and put together, but in the game world, she was clumsy and awkward!
Marina: A clumsy Yukina-chan, huh? Now that's something worth seeing... I might need to witness that for myself.
Ako: Why don't you two join then?! I'll invite Yukina-san and the others, and we can all play!
Marina: Huh?! Us?! Uhhh, uhm... Ahahaha~...
Ako: Don't try to dodge the question by laughing~! Playing together would be so much fun...
Marina: Before you go thinking about us, what about the other members? You're not gonna play with them anymore?
Ako: I want to! But... I don't think Yukina-san or Sayo-san will do it... You know, the band always comes first.
Ako: I wonder if they would play again when we have some free time. I wanna help them understand why that game is so great...
Ako: There has to be a way, right? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, help me think!
Marina: Help them understand, huh? Alright, why don't you try explaining it to us first?
Ako: Hm, I see... Not a bad idea! 'Kay, I'll give it a shot!
Ako: In NFO, you can enjoy grand adventures and an emotional story, as you work together with other players to defeat monsters! Anyway, the point is, you'll be hooked!
Marina: Hmm~, I don't think that's gonna do it... I need more details. What exactly makes this game fun?
Ako: Everyone enjoys NFO in a different way! You can put all of your time into collecting cute outfits, or you can work hard to become a farmer who grows only the best vegetables!
Marina: Outfits?! Farmers?! Uhm... This is an adventure game, right?
Ako: Yeah! Of course you can go on adventures, but there are lots and lots of other ways to play!
Marina: I'm not sure I get it, but at the very least, I know you can do many different things... What about you? Did you understand that?
Ako: Aww~... You don't get what's so great either...?
Ako: But, but still...! I'm telling you! It's so much fun! If you just gave it a chance, you'd understand!
Ako: Just take my word for it and try it out! Just once! I promise you'll love it! Please! Please~!!
