441_Ako Udagawa_R3 Teatime with the Band

Gacha phrase: Today's practice was a blast~! Right, Rin-rin?!

<I Love Roselia!>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Ako: Sis, here! I brought back the CD you lent me!
Tomoe: Oh yeah, you were borrowing that. What did you think?
Ako: It was awesome! Super cool! The guitar was all like, "Bwow~! And the bass was intense too! It all sounded really good together!
Ako: And that drum solo before the last verse!! That was really, really cool!
Tomoe: I know, right~?! I loved that drum solo so much, I went and bought the CD. I knew you'd know what's up, Ako!
Ako: Fufu~, was there ever any doubt?!
Tomoe: You don't usually come to my room for stuff like this though. You'd usually wait until dinner or something like that, no?
Ako: Mhm, usually... But today... I had something I wanted to tell you.
Tomoe: ...? What's that? Something wrong?
Ako: Thanks for the other day, Sis!!
Tomoe: ... Huh?!
Tomoe: Wh-what's gotten into you? I haven't done anything worth being thanked for, you know.
Ako: No, that's not true. The reason I'm the way I am now is because of you.
Ako: There was something... off, about Roselia... and you took the time to listen, right?
Tomoe: Yeah, now that you mention it, I remember that happening.
Ako: And it wasn't only me who was feeling down and confused that time... It was everyone in the band.
Ako: We knew we were falling apart and things were getting messy, but no one knew how to overcome that, so all those bad feelings just kept getting worse...
Tomoe: ...
Ako: But when you said everything would naturally go back to normal... I wasn't sure about what you said, but it made me feel a bit better.
Ako: And I think that's why I was able to think so hard afterward. If you had never said that, I'm sure I'd still be completely lost.
Ako: ... I'm glad I talked to you about it.
Ako: That's why I wanna say it again. Thanks for listening and helping me out, Sis!
Tomoe: Ako... Man, you make me so happy...!
Ako: Whoa whoa whoa! Sis! You gotta warn me before you rub my head! I wasn't ready!
Tomoe: Sorry, my bad! But you know... I just get so emotional thinking about how much you continue to grow...
Tomoe: I still don't think you need to thank me though, Ako. I may have given you the push, but...
Tomoe: All that thinking you did on your own is the reason you're the way you are now. So really, you're the one who helped everyone get along again. You brought Roselia back.
Tomoe: At least that's what I think.
Ako: S-Sis...
Ako: Thanks, Sis! I always knew you were the best big sister in the world!
Tomoe: Ahahaha, now you're the one catching me off guard, with your surprise hugs.
Tomoe: Oh yeah. Ako, you still haven't done one of the things I mentioned.
Ako: I haven't?
Tomoe: Yeah. I know you guys have already made up and whatever, but it doesn't hurt to do this. I'll show you how it's done first, so you just pay attention, got it?
Ako: O-okay... Wait, Sis... Why are you opening the window...?
Tomoe: Don't worry about it. Just keeping watching. Here we go~...
Tomoe: ... I~! Love~! Afterglow~!!
Ako: ...!!
Tomoe: Alright. Go on, it's your turn!
Ako: What?! But...
Tomoe: I'm telling you, it'll be fine. Just throw everything you're feeling toward Roselia out there. I'm sure it'll reach the others, too.
Ako: It'll reach them too...? ...  Okay!
Ako: I~! Love~! Roselia~!!
Tomoe: Haha. Wow, that was loud. You're definitely my little sister!
Ako: And my big sister~! I love her, too~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Yukina & Lisa: ...!!
Lisa: Wh-what was that?! Someone just yelled, "I love Roselia!"...
Yukina: And they love their big sister...? That was Ako, for sure.
Lisa: Had to be~. Ahaha... That was a nice one. It felt like Akon-chi was really far away, and yet, we heard her from all the way over here.
Lisa: "I love Roselia," huh...? Hey, Yukina. Think we should try that the next time we're all together? We'll yell it from a classroom.
Yukina: What are you saying? I would never-... Wait... Actually, that might be something Roselia needs right now...
Lisa: Wh-what? You actually wanna do it...?!


<Roselia is the Coolest>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Ako: Ehehe, what do I buy today~?
Ako: Ah, it's {{userName}}-san! Are you shopping too~?
Ako: I came here to meet up with Rin-rin! ... But I showed up too early.
Ako: We can chat for a bit...? Are you sure? Yay~!
Ako: Huh? ... I seemed pretty down last week, so you were wondering if I was okay? Well...
Ako: ...
Ako: A-ahaha. Yeah, you're right, actually.
Ako: ... Roselia was having a pretty tough time not too long ago. Or rather, I was the one having a tough time.
Ako: A bunch of stuff had happened, and Yukina-san and I ended up arguing... Then I ran out, right in the middle of rehearsal.
Ako: I started skipping practices after that... I mean, how do you go back after something like that?
Ako: I spent that time playing a lot of video games, but... to be honest, that whole time, I was thinking of Roselia.
Ako: Really, it wasn't just while I was playing games. No matter what I did, I couldn't stop thinking of the band and how they were doing.
Ako: At first, I did my best not to think about it, but I couldn't help it... So I ended doing the complete opposite, and I thought as hard as I could.
Ako: What did I think about? Isn't it obvious?! I had to figure out what I could do to bring Roselia back!
Ako: I love Roselia, so I wanted to figure out how I could change it back to what it normally was.
Ako: So I just kept on racking my brain, and I asked my sister about it... That's when Rin-rin and I decided to make outfits together!
Ako: Of course, I don't know how to sew, so the person who really made them was Rin-rin. But I helped with cutting cloth, cleaning up, and coming up with lots of ideas!
Ako: It was so much fun! And Rin-rin taught me so many things while we did it!
Ako: Like ways to make the outfits so that they won't get caught on stuff, things like that. I was shocked that she'd been paying attention to all that!
Ako: Maybe it's because I realized how much effort she always puts into them. After that, Lisa-nee and Sayo-san came to see us.
Ako: They had been thinking really hard about how to help Roselia too... They felt the same way as we did.
Ako: ... And that's when they thanked us for helping them realize what was important.
Ako: That they knew I had been watching over Roselia the whole time. Ehehe.
Ako: I didn't think they were gonna say anything like that, so it made me really, really, really happy!
Ako: At that moment, I felt like we would be able to bring the band back! Think about it! We all had a lot of love for Roselia!
Ako: I'm glad we were able to do it. Roselia is just so cool!
Ako: And you'll be able to see just how cool in our next performance. Make sure you come so we can show you.
Ako: Fufufu... That's right. Bear witness to the power we obtained from the depths of the abyss.
Ako: ...?! Ah~!! It's that late?! Rin-rin could be here already.
Ako: I'll have to call her! Oh, but I think we might have been meeting on the other side!
Ako: Thanks for listening, {{userName}}-san! See you later!
