548_Ako Udagawa_R4 What I Believe In

Gacha phrase: Sis, I wanna go up against you as the coolest me I can be!

<Before Impact>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence]

Ako: Phew... I'm home~...
Tomoe: Welcome home, Ako. Is that worn-out look from practicing so hard today?
Ako: Ah! Hey, Sis! Yeah, we really went at it...
Ran: Good work today, Ako. Hope you don't mind me being here.
Ako: Ah, Ran-chan! I didn't know you were here!
Moca: Moca-chan, reporting for duty~. Thanks for having me~.
Ako: Moca-chin, too?! Wait, does this mean... that all of Afterglow is here?!
Tomoe: Nah, not quite. Himari and Tsugu are tied up with part-time jobs and housework.
Ako: Oh, that's too bad... I really wanted to see the both of them.
Ran: We'll be sure to bring the entire crew next time.
Moca: But the ultra-rare, deluxe Moca-chan dropped just for you, lucky little Ako-chin. That's all you need, you know~.
Tomoe: Hold on, you're around way too much to be that high of a rarity!
Ako: Hahaha, so what were you guys talking about, anyway?
Tomoe: Oh, we were trying to decide which songs to play for our upcoming show. That's all.
Ako: What?! Sis, you're holding a concert soon?! I really, really, really wanna go~!
Ran: You say that, but would you be able to find the time? The performance date is right around the corner.
Ako: Oh no, you're right. I'm booked solid with rehearsals~...
Tomoe: Stuck with practice, huh...? Say, didn't you mention that y'all have a gig coming up, too?
Ako: We sure do~! That's why we've been practicing so much lately!
Tomoe: You've been looking pretty ragged when you come back home... Everything alright?
Ako: Hm~, Roselia's rehearsals are pretty intense, so I always leave the studio feeling dead tired...
Ako: But all that sacrifice ends in us having cool performances! Keeping that in mind helps me get through those rough rehearsals~!
Tomoe: Look at you, being all inspirational! Remember, I'm always here for you! Just don't go overboard, okay?
Ako: Hehehe~. Thanks, Sis!
Ran: ... A new Roselia concert.
Moca: Oh, Ran~? Are you interested~?
Ran: Well, just a little, I guess.
Ako: How about this, then?! You can all come together to see the next show!
Tomoe: By that, you mean Roselia's?
Ako: Yep! If you promise to come, then I feel like my motivation to practice will shoot up like crazy!
Ako: We really want to hear what other bands think of our performances~! It's something we all sat down and talked about not too long ago!
Ran: Roselia does? ... It's hard to imagine that.
Moca: Sure is~. Roselia isn't the kind to care about other people's opinions~. I thought you guys held your own beliefs above all else~.
Tomoe: Yeah, kind of like lone wolves? That's what I thought, too, so the idea that you're all interested in hearing feedback is surprising.
Ako: I was just as shocked at first!
Ako: But that's exactly what Yukina-san said! That we can more easily pursue our ideal sound if we know how Roselia is viewed by others.
Ran: Hmmm... I suppose that's one way of looking at it.
Tomoe: Makes sense to me~. Clearly, your band is craving some way to improve.
Tomoe: You've all already gone to such lengths to create your own style, but you're still hungry for more. In other words, you wanna keep evolving, right? That stoic ambition is something else...
Moca: Not to mention that our little Ako-chin is going to grow even cooler than she is now~.
Ako: Hehehe. I'm not there yet, but I'm gonna keep trying until I become as wicked cool of a drummer as Sis!
Tomoe: Hahaha! Well, thank you, Ako!
Ako: Back to what I was asking earlier... Do you think you'll come?
Ran: Sure, I'd be up for it. How about you, Tomoe?
Tomoe: I wouldn't miss seeing Ako for anything! You in, Moca?
Moca: Count me in~.
Ran: ... I guess it's settled, then.
Ako: Yay~! Thank you so much~! I've gotta go tell the other members right away...!
Tomoe: Nah, we should be thanking you. Can't wait to see what you guys cook up!
Ako: You got it! We'll knock your socks off with how cool we are!


<That's Not All>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Marina: Hey there, Tomoe-chan! Ako-chan! Good afternoon!
Tomoe: Ah! Yo, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Ako: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: Enjoying a cup of tea together. How nice. Hang on, I thought your reservation wasn't until much later...
Ako: Oh~! Sharp eye, Marina-san!
Tomoe: Well, it's embarrassing to admit, but both of us somehow got the starting time wrong...
Marina: Hahaha. Like two peas in a pod, both of you.
Ako: Of course we are! Sis and I get along like rock and roll!
Ako: ... Oh, oh! Did you know that we're now more than just a pair of happy sisters?
Marina: Oh my, and what do you mean by that?
Ako: Hehehe, the truth is... the two of us made an explosive declaration! We have become heated rivals~!
Tomoe: You got that right! We may be siblings, but we also have ourselves a fiery competition!
Marina: I see~. Fufu. Two siblings, vying to be the best. That's wonderful.
Ako: Wait, wait! I haven't even told you how awesome Sis is yet!
Ako: Yukina-san said some stuff to Ran-chan, which got her all angry and grumpy. That led to Roselia and Afterglow having this competition thing.
Ako: And even though Yukina-san had an ultra-secret reason behind it all, Sis saw right through the whooole thing! It blew my mind!
Tomoe: Nah, I just kinda read the situation and put two and two together...
Ako: And there I was, tripping up on my words and failing mega hard at explaining stuff, so I thought it'd all blow up in my face, but Sis believed me like it was nothing.
Ako: She didn't doubt me at all, even when I was making no sense. You have no idea how happy that made me~!
Tomoe: Hahaha, how about that...?! What can I say, I'm your big sis! I'll always trust what my little sister says!
Ako: Yeah! Thanks, Sis!
Ako: By the way, I know the joint gig ended in a tie, but... how do you think the battle of drummers went?
Tomoe: That's a good question... Ako, your arrangement was absolutely killer~. Especially that slow buildup of tension in the second track.
Ako: If we're gonna be praising each other, then you were hot stuff, too! Right from the start, you guys blasted off with a big boom! My heart was racing the whole time!
Marina: Fufu... Wouldn't that make your final score a tie, as well?
Marina: Most importantly, having your adversary bring out all the stops means they recognize you as a worthy opponent. Which is what makes your relationship all the more wonderful!
Ako: You took the words right out of my mouth~! Couldn't have said it better!
Tomoe: Aw yeah! I can get behind that!
Tomoe: Alright, 'bout time we get started! Better get some practice in!
Ako: Yeah! I'm gonna light those drums up until the sparks fly~!
Tomoe: Oh, now it's on! Hope you like eating my dust~!
