606_Ako Udagawa_R3 Spiraling Concern

<It's the Thought that Counts>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Ako: Tsugu-chin~! Help me~!
Tsugumi: Ako-chan?! Wh-what's wrong?!
Ako: Rin-rin is, uhm...! Her competition is like, uh... Look, we've got a huge problem!
Tsugumi: Huh?! S-slow down! I'll go ask for a break!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Sorry for the wait, Ako-chan. I had my dad make a café au lait for you, so please help yourself.
Ako: Th-thanks... Sorry for barging in while you're still at work...
Tsugumi: No, think nothing of it. So, what happened? You mentioned something about a competition...
Ako: Yeah. Rin-rin is gonna be taking part in a piano competition soon.
Ako: It's been a long time since she's entered one, so she's really nervous. I'd like to do something for her, if I can...
Ako: But see, I've never been in a big competition like that, so I have no idea what to do...
Tsugumi: So you wanted to ask me?
Ako: Yeah. When I spoke to Sis, she mentioned that you've been playing piano for a long time, so you might have some good advice.
Tsugumi: Advice, huh...? Unfortunately, I've never participated in a large competition, either...
Ako: B-but still! Any ideas, even little ones, would be a big help!
Ako: Rin-rin is trying her hardest to do well, and I want to do whatever I can to help her!
Ako: There must be something, right?! Maybe tips to help her relax! Or ways to ignore the audience?!
Tsugumi: Ako-chan, you're so worked up about this, it feels like you're the one who's going to be in the competition.
Ako: Of course I am! Rin-rin and I are like the milk and coffee in this café au lait! Best buds!
Tsugumi: Fufu, how nice. In that case, I do have one idea that just came back to me. Are you ready for it?
Ako: Yeah, lay it on me!
Tsugumi: Back in the day, I'd often enter piano recitals, but there's one time I recall being especially nervous.
Tsugumi: The sheet music was really tough. So much so that I couldn't get through it without making the same mistake, no matter how many times I tried.
Ako: W-wow, I'd probably freak out, too...!
Tsugumi: Whenever I heard applause for the other performers, I worried about whether or not I could get the audience to clap for me, as well.
Tsugumi: It was finally my turn to go on. I needed to get up on my stage, but my feet simply wouldn't budge...
Ako: J-just thinking about that is giving me shivers...!
Tsugumi: As I stood at the edge of the stage in a total panic, my mother got up and came over to me.
Tsugumi: Her hand squeezed mine, then she looked at me and told me that everything would be alright.
Tsugumi: I know that's a pretty cliché thing to say, but it worked, and I felt my stress somehow being washed away.
Ako: Th-then what happened...?
Tsugumi: In the end, I still couldn't play the piece perfectly, but I did manage to get to the end of the song.
Tsugumi: ... Sorry! Now it sounds like a story about failing, instead.
Ako: Nuh-uh, that was a big help! If Rin-rin starts feeling nervous, I'll try doing that myself!
Tsugumi: Fufu, that could work. Just remember that the most important thing, though, is a desire to encourage others.
Ako: ... Ah! Encouragement, huh?
Tsugumi: As for the best way of doing that for her, I don’t really have any concrete ideas, but...
Tsugumi: As long as you keep her on your mind, I'm sure that she'll be able to sense that you're thinking of her.
Ako: Now I see... I was probably overthinking all this!
Ako: I'll try to come up with my own special Ako way of cheering her on!
Tsugumi: Great. I'm sure you can come up with something if you try.
Tsugumi: After all, you and Rinko-san are like milk and coffee, right?
Ako: We sure are! Alright, I'll give it my best shot!
Ako: The darkness slumbering within me shall rise forth, crushing Rin-rin's worries in an instant! Yeah, that's the kind of idea I'll think up!
Tsugumi: Fufu, good luck with that!
Ako: Of course, you were a major help, too, Tsugu-chin! Thanks a ton!


<Ako Up for a Challenge?>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Record Shop]

Ako: Hey, it's {{userName}}-san! Hello~. Are you out shopping?
Ako: Fufufu~. I've decided to buy a classical-music CD today!
Ako: I heard a cool song a little while back and thought I could maybe find it here~!
Ako: Rin-rin let me listen to it the other day~. It's this awesome track that sounds like a boss-fight theme in a fantasy game!
Ako: My image of classical music has always been calm and gentle stuff, so I was really surprised!
Ako: Ah, speaking of Rin-rin, did you hear?! She entered a piano competition not too long ago!
Ako: Didn't expect that, did you, {{userName}}-san? Yeah, me neither!
Ako: She hadn't been in one in forever, but she still got first place!
Ako: She was nervous up until showtime, but once her fingers hit the keys, the performance started with a bang!
Ako: When she was up on stage, it looked like she was having the time of her life.
Ako: Seeing her play so calmly in front of all those people was really cool~!
Ako: She mentioned that she'd been scared to perform in front of crowds until recently, but she still ended up entering. Isn't that impressive?
Ako: I think changing yourself is really, really hard.
Ako: If I was told I had to enjoy peppers starting today, there's no way I could do it.
Ako: But Rin-rin was all "I'm going to change myself," and then she went and did it!
Ako: She worked so hard that it's tough for me to even imagine it.
Ako: And that's why I have a ton of respect for her.
Ako: I need to step up my game like Rin-rin did~! Now, to think of what kind of challenge to go with, right?
Ako: Any ideas, {{userName}}-san?
Ako: Huh~?! Eating peppers?! Ngh... I guess it'd be pretty cool to defeat my hate of veggies...
Ako: Rin-rin and Sis would both tell me how proud they are, too...
Ako: ... Ohhh~! Nope, can't do it! I need to start smaller!
Ako: Ah~! What's so funny, {{userName}}-san?!
Ako: Just you wait and see! Someday, I'll start eating those peppers and become the true hyper-ultra-cool princess of darkness~!!!
