753_Ako Udagawa_R4 Dark Walker

Gacha phrase: I will definitely not lose sight of Roselia!

<Continuing Adventures>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Deep Within Rogolo Mine]

RinRin (Rinko): Ako-chan, be careful! The boss is going to unleash a counterattack.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I got this, Rin-rin! I'm gonna get in that last hit with a bang!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Disciple of darkness who has faced divine judgment for thy rebellious misdeeds. Light the raging flames in thy decaying body and plunge the enemy into an eternal slumber. Darkne-
RinRin (Rinko): Stop! The spell won't make it in time! Run, Ako-chan!
Scenario Boss: Grahhh!!
Demon Princess Ako & RinRin: Whoa!  Kya!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Departure Village]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Man~, we lost again~... That boss is too strong!
RinRin (Rinko): I know dark-plus stages are the highest difficulty, so they should be hard, but we have the best skills and equipment we can have. I can't believe we still can't win (´·ω·`)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It goes so well until we get to the boss, too~... Now I'm in a dark-plus mood...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Hey, Rin-rin. You think there are people that can clear this quest in the first place...?
RinRin (Rinko): Well~... from what I've looked up, there are some people who cleared it. But it's not very many. And there's not a lot of good information going around either.
RinRin (Rinko): And the only thing special about the rewards is... the title, I suppose. You get some materials for winning as well, but it's possible to get those things through other quests as well (･ω･｡)
RinRin (Rinko): If you're going to go through the trouble, you'd be better off walking around the material-gathering area... That's what people are saying ε-(´･д･`)
RinRin (Rinko): What should we do, Ako-chan? Do you want to try it again?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You know it! I want that title, and I want to get better. Also...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We promised that we would take on that stage together!
RinRin (Rinko): Yes, we did. I want to complete it with you too o(*´∀`*)o
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): But how do we do that~? If we add Sayo-san to the party, our front line might be stronger...
RinRin (Rinko): I was surprised to hear that Hikawa-san hadn't reached the required level yet ∑(･Д･; )
RinRin (Rinko): She's already beaten the advanced quests necessary to take part, so I figured she would be way past the level needed to play.
RinRin (Rinko): It's okay, though. Even if we end up beating it, we can still play the quest as many times as we want. Let's play it again once Hikawa-san is ready (`･Д･)b
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yeah! For now, we should find ourselves a good strategy! Maybe I should learn some stronger magic so I can take it out in one shot, like "bam!" What do you think?
RinRin (Rinko): No. I don't think we have to do that. There are people who have cleared the stage with about the same experience and stuff as us. There might be something special we need to know (。-`ω´-)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You mean there's a pattern? I guess our first hit always lands. But it's never strong enough to beat the boss, and it immediately follows up with a scary attack...
RinRin (Rinko): Maybe that means it will attack if we stop our skills partway. We might be able to string our attacks to keep from showing the boss any openings (@・д・@）
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): But my skills... They're all so strong, but they have such large openings. I get killed before I can even start the next chant~.
RinRin (Rinko): It's okay, Ako-chan! We're in this together! As long as we fight side by side, we can overcome (*＾ｖ＾*)b
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Huh... Yeah, you're right. I'm sure we can do it as long as we work together!
RinRin (Rinko): (*゜▽゜)*。_。)*゜▽゜)*。_。) Yeah! I think if we get smart about when to activate spells and how to follow them up, it should go well.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Whoa. Hey, don't you think trying to be smart about how to follow things up is similar to band rehearsal? That sounds fun!
RinRin (Rinko): Fufu, you're right. Alright, why don't we practice?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several Hours Later]

[Deep Within Rogolo Mine]

Scenario Boss: Grahhh!!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Fufufu~ Roar all you want! It is us who will walk away victorious this time~! C'mon, Rin-rin!
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah! I go first. Wait a little bit, and then start your chant.
RinRin (Rinko): Rampaging dragon of the wind, hear my call! Whip up a storm with your wings. Cut through these villainous beings...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Rin-rin's so cool~! Alright~, now it's my turn~! Crimson sacrifice offered upon the altar of darkness, I command thee...
RinRin (Rinko): Dragonic Storm Breath!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Dreadnaught Ritual!
(White cut)
Scenario Boss: Grrr, grahhh!!
(Black cut)

[Several Hours Later]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Fufu, this is the end! Lethal Scythe!
Scenario Boss: Gar... Gahhh...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We won...? We won! We did it! Rin-rin, we made it through dark plus!
RinRin (Rinko): We really did, Ako-chan! And on our first try with our strategy. Our teamwork was really good d(´∀`*)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Ehehe, it's because we practiced. I was starting to wonder if the fes would come before we got through this stage!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Then again, now that we're all done with that difficulty level, we're all out of stuff to do in NFO again...
RinRin (Rinko): Okay, why don't we come up with an NFO goal to try and accomplish before the fes? Then we can do it together （*´∀`*)ﾉ
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Always with the good ideas, Rin-rin! What should it be~? Maybe we can finish synthesizing recovery items? Wasn't there some material you wanted to gather?
RinRin (Rinko): Oh, hold on a second! Someone posted on the NFO community site.
RinRin (Rinko): Apparently, clearing dark plus a few dozen times rewards you with what is currently the strongest equipment in the game Σ(・ω・；)
RinRin (Rinko): It's a little hard to tell if this information is trustworthy at this point in time though...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay, while we're waiting for the fes, why don't we check to see if this rumor is true?! There might actually be something!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Oh, speed-running it might be fun too! We should try a different strategy next time!
RinRin (Rinko): Fufufu. It's amazing, Ako-chan, the way you come up with goals so quickly. Seems like you're enjoying yourself.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): It's all thanks to you, Rin-rin~! As long as I'm with you, I can play NFO forever~! I'll be counting on you, Rin-rin♪
RinRin (Rinko): Thank you, Ako-chan. Let's keep on fighting hard together (*>ω<*)


<Clearing The Path Myself!>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Café]

Ako: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Marina: Oh, Ako-chan. Good afternoon. You're practicing by yourself today?
Ako: Nope, the gang is coming. Looks like I'm a bit early.
Marina: Fufufu, sounds like you might be a little too excited. Oh, by the way, congratulations on your contest win!
Marina: I heard about what happened from Tomoe-chan yesterday. She said you girls were absolutely on fire on that stage. I wish I could have seen it too.
Ako: You do?! Ehehe, thanks!
Marina: Yep, Roselia's done a lot of growing over the past year. Your band seems to be on a roll. I can't wait for the fes.
Ako: Oh, we're rolling really fast! Even if I was a bit worried before the contest...
Marina: Not much you can do about that. I mean, it was a contest that would decide whether or not you could enter the fes.
Ako: Oh, uhhh... That wasn't it. I wasn't that worried about how we would perform in the contest.
Ako: I just knew we would do well after all that effort and practicing!
Ako: But it hit me...
Ako: I had no idea... what would come after we got through both the contest and the fes.
Ako: I kept thinking about what would happen to us... what would happen to Roselia afterward.
Ako: But no matter how much I thought about it, I just couldn't figure it out...
Marina: Ohhh... Yeah, I've had times when I worried about that.
Ako: With games, once you finish with all your goals, you no longer have anything to do.
Ako: Sure, new quests are added through updates, but there are people who just stop playing before that can happen...
Ako: So I was scared. What if there was nothing else for us to do after we finished with our goals? What if that was the end...?
Marina: Ako-chan... You did say you were only worried about this before the contest though, right?
Ako: Mhm, it's fine now! I talked with the other members of Roselia!
Ako: I thought I was the only one who was unsure, but it turned out that Yukina-san and Lisa-nee didn't know what would come next either.
Ako: That's when I realized! If you can't see what the future holds, you have to start opening up a path yourself!
Ako: Even with games, it's a lot more fun to try things out on your own first before looking at the answers online!
Ako: Besides, it's not like I'm alone. Rin-rin, Lisa-nee, Yukina-san, Sayo-san... We're all in this together!
Marina: Yep, that 's right. And with how much you love Roselia, I'm sure you can do it!
Ako: Ehehe, thank you! Of course, before we get to that future stuff, we gotta get through the fes! We gotta put on a super-duper awesome performance!
Marina: Fufu, you keep up that attitude for the show! We'll be cheering you on!
Ako: You got it! Heh heh heh. You shall see the power of darkness bursting from within me. Then, bang! We'll rock that show!
