960_Ako Udagawa_R3 Tiara of Blessing

Gacha phrase: Wow~! Rin-rin, it looks so good on you~!

<Adventure Snapshots>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence]

Ako: I'm back, and with more snacks~!
Tsugumi: Wow, they look tasty! Thank you, Ako-chan. The ones you put out before are delicious too.
Ako: I know, right? Hehehe, they're all snacks that I've been hooked on lately!
Ako: ... Ah! It's an NFO commercial!
Tomoe: Ah. That's the one you play, right, Ako?
Ako: Sure is~! NFO is short for Neo Fantasy Online!
Tomoe: You really do like that game, don't ya~?
Ako: Yep! I got to know Rin-rin through NFO, so it's like... my special place, I guess!
Tsugumi: I don't know much about video games, but it does sound nice.
Ako: It's really cool, and you can play with all kinds of people! Do you guys wanna try?
Tomoe: Hmmm... I know you guys play, and it does look interesting, but an online game might be too hard for me.
Ran: The controls seem kind of complicated.
Tsugumi: Yeah... I don't know if I could keep track of what's happening either.
Ako: It's not that hard~! Yukina-san wasn't good at first either, but she was still able to catch on as she played!
Ran: Huh? Minato-san plays too?
Tsugumi: Who would've thought...!
Tomoe: I can't imagine Minato-san getting anywhere near an online game.
Ako: Fufufu~. Everyone in Roselia played together the other day~.
Tsugumi: And by everyone, does that include Sayo-san?
Ako: Of course!
Ran: I have a hard time believing something like that is even possible.
Ako: Huh~? In that case, I'll show you some screenshots from that day!
Ako: I wanted to show everyone later, so I transferred all the pictures I took to my smartphone~.
Ako: Ummm~... Ah, here!
Tomoe: Let me see... Oh, sweet! That's so cool!
Tsugumi: It looks like one of those game posters! Did you take this one right after you beat some monsters?
Ako: Uh-huh! And the character here doing that big wham-bam attack is Yukina-san!
Ako: And this picture right here is Sayo-san upgrading her weapon!
Ran: Whoa, so those two really do play... That's actually pretty cool.
Tsugumi: If those two are playing, then that game must be interesting, right?
Ako: You bet! NFO is one of the most popular online games in the world!
Ran: Huh... It does seem kind of nice after seeing these screenshots.
Ako: See?! Here's one of Lisa-nee, and this is Rin-rin! They all look so cool, don't they~?
Tomoe: Hey, are there any pictures of you playing?
Ako: I thought you'd never ask~. Of course there are!
Tsugumi: Show us, Ako-chan!
Ako: I've got one of me using a super strong spell~. It should be the next one~... Huh?!
Ran: ... What's that? A rock?
Tomoe: Looks like... a close-up of a boulder.
Ako: Th-that's just one where I messed up the shot!
Ako: I've got lots of other ultra cool pictures here...!
Tsugumi: Ako-chan... Is that you way in the back?
Tomoe: Someone's weapon in the foreground is blocking the view.
Ran: ... Whose weapon is that, anyway?
Tsugumi: Um, that's probably Lisa-senpai's, right? She's holding the same one in this picture too.
Ran: Ah, you're probably right.
Ako: This one is way too zoomed in! And the lighting effects on this one make it hard to see what's going on...
Ako: After all that work we did to defeat those enemies too~! Th-this is just a simple slip up, okay?! I swear that I usually take really good screenshots!
Tomoe: ... Sounds like the controls are pretty hard, after all...
Ran: Yeah...
Tsugumi: H-hahaha...


<Happy Progress>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Alright, looks like we're done shopping. Nice work.
Marina: Now we just need to... Hm? Wait, is that Ako-chan over there?
Ako: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hey there. You're in a good mood today. Did something good happen?
Ako: Hehehe, good guess! Yeah, I got to play NFO with everyone in Roselia the other day~!
Marina: NFO? Isn't that the online game that you and Rinko-chan do together?
Marina: Say, didn't you all play once before?
Ako: Uh-huh! I invited everyone to join in that time~.
Marina: So, does that mean you've all been playing ever since then?
Marina: I heard that Sayo-chan had started playing a little, but it's hard to imagine Yukina-chan sticking to it.
Ako: Well, this was the first time in a while that Yukina-san and Lisa-nee logged on.
Ako: And guess what we did! We all played the latest event and managed to finish it like pros!
Marina: Oh, really? Congrats!
Marina: ... Wait, is that all?
Ako: Yep! That's all!
Ako: I'm not sure why myself, but just doing that much makes me super happy!
Ako: We didn't have any major goals or objectives. It was just us hanging out together and having a good time~.
Ako: Knowing that I can now spend a day doing that with Roselia makes me feel all tingly inside!
Ako: I felt kind of nervous about it last time, like I shouldn't waste their time without a good reason.
Marina: True, Roselia does have this serious, stoic image going on.
Ako: Yeah, exactly. I mean, we're still serious about what we do!  It's just that things are starting to change a bit.
Ako: Now that Future World Fes is over, it's like we can finally unwind, you know? Everyone is on the same page about being able to let loose once in a while~.
Ako: I'm not sure if that has anything to do with it, but my drumming has also been point lately!
Marina: Nice. Sounds like you're all giving each other the chance to relax.
Marina: And maybe that's helping you to get the job done when the need arises.
Marina: Keep up that attitude going into your next performance. I look forward to seeing Roselia on stage again.
Ako: We will! Get ready to have your world rocked~!
Ako: Alright, I've gotta go, guys! Thanks for chatting with me, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
