1105_Ako Udagawa_R4 Evil Spirits Begone!

Gacha phrase: B-but don't be mean to Lisa-nee anymore~!

<Just Like My Sister>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Rinko: Ako-chan, if you don't wake up soon... preparation for breakfast will be over...
Ako: Mmm, no~... I'll help make breakfast~... Yawn~...
Lisa: Ahaha. That was an amazing yawn, Ako!
Ako: Mm~, it's because I'm sleepy~.
Lisa: It may be morning, but that's no excuse to be so careless~. Aww, Ako was so dependable last night, I wonder what happened~.
Sayo: Imai-san, if you are going to wake up Udagawa-san, you need to do so properly.
Lisa: Sorry. Ako's just so cute when she wakes up, I couldn't help myself~.
Ako: Yawn...
Yukina: You still seem tired. Were you not able to sleep very much yesterday?
Lisa: I think you were the only one to fall asleep right away, Yukina...
Rinko: There was... a lot going on yesterday, after all...
Lisa: Well, the ghost ended up being just a series of misunderstandings, but it still made me so happy when Ako tried to protect me.
Ako: Hrm~... Yawn. Lisa-nee, are you talking about me right now?
Lisa: Yes, I am☆ I was talking about when there was a knock on the front door during the power outage. Thanks again, Ako.
Ako: Ehehe, so you're talking about what happened yesterday... Was I cool?
Lisa: You were super cool! You were kinda like Tomoe☆
Ako: Really?! Have I gotten a little closer to being like my sister?
Lisa: Yeah, you have☆ Yesterday, you were saying how you thought about what Tomoe would've done, right?
Lisa: You might've seemed like Tomoe because of that~.
Ako: Wow! Yay~!
Rinko: Ako-chan, you were... so cool at the time...
Ako: Thank you too, Rin-rin! It's all thanks to imitating my sister!
Ako: ... Ah! That means... if I keep imitating her, I might always be cool like her!
Sayo: Your logic... makes me wonder.
Ako: If I try it out, we'll see! Okay, I'll get right to it...
Ako: Lisa-nee! I'll help out with making breakfast! My sister always helps out with that at home~.
Lisa: Looks like you've really woken up now~. Well then, help me brew the tea♪
Ako: Okay! Umm, where's the teapot and cups~...?
Lisa: Sorry, I'll get them from the shelf now! ... Here, use these!
Ako: Okay. Umm, first, you put the tea leaves in the pot... Ah, I have to boil the water before that!
Lisa: I'm sorry! I just started boiling some water, so just wait a bit!
Ako: What, you already made it? You're too quick, Lisa-nee~.
Ako: In that case, I~... need to put the tea leaves in the teapot! Umm~, how much did I need to put in?
Sayo: If you're using that teapot, I believe three teaspoons would suffice.
Ako: Really? That's just like you, Sayo-san. You know a lot about everything!
Sayo: No, that is not the case... That is simply what was written on the package of tea leaves.
Ako: Ah, you're right! In that case, I need a teaspoon~... Where could the teaspoons be?
Lisa: Ako, here's a teaspoon.
Ako: Wow, thanks, Lisa-nee! I'll put in one, two, three teaspoons of tea leaves... Good to go!
Ako: Fufufu, until the dark flames of the abyss take the water in the kettle and... umm... make it piping hot, there's nothing else for me to do but...
Ako: ... Ah, that's right! I need to get sugar and milk! Lisa-nee, where's your sugar?
Lisa: Sugar? In that case, Sayo took it along with the milk...
Sayo: I thought it might be needed when brewing the tea, so I brought it to the table.
Ako: What?! Sayo-san, you do things too quickly~!
Sayo: Have I done something that was uncalled for...?
Lisa: Ahaha. Ako's saying she wanted to get the sugar and milk ready♪
Ako: Come on, why did you both do things before I could?! And here I was hoping to be like my sister and make breakfast~...!
Lisa: I mean, we weren't doing it to be mean or anything. It's just~...
Sayo: We could not leave you be while seeing you work so hard...
Lisa: We just naturally feel like doing things for you~.
Yukina: Ako, there is something about you that makes those around you instinctively want to lend you a hand.
Ako: What~?! But I wanted to be cool~!
Rinko: I think making people want to lend you a hand... is one of your good points, Ako-chan...
Ako: Ohh, not you too, Rin-rin! I guess acting like my sister the whole time is pretty hard...
Ako: But I definitely won't give up! I'll keep doing my best until I'm super cool someday!


<Ghost Hunting Girl>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ako-chan, hello. Roselia has a reservation today, but~... you've arrived pretty early.
Ako: I had something to take care of before practice and came straight here after that! So I'm the first to arrive~!
Marina: Mhm, you're full of pep again today, Ako-chan.
Marina: Plus, I'm a little relieved that all of you in Roselia are coming to practice here again~.
Ako: Huh? What do you mean?
Marina: During your last practice, you were all talking about the ghost that appears at a studio, right?
Marina: There are some customers that can't handle that sort of thing and keep away from the supposedly haunted areas all together.
Marina: Lately, there seem to be weird rumors about various studios, so I've been somewhat worried.
Ako: I see~. I love those kinds of scary rumors, so you don't have to worry!
Ako: Ah, but... when we thought there might've been a ghost at Lisa-nee's house, even I was scared~.
Marina: Huh? Did something happen at Lisa-chan's house?
Ako: Yeah. At our previous practice, we were talking about the ghost bassist, right? After that, lots of weird things happened at her house!
Ako: Lisa-nee was scared that she might have brought the ghost from the rumor home with her, so all of us in Roselia stayed at her house~.
Marina: What do you mean by weird things...?
Ako: The power suddenly went out, and pages in a magazine turned on their own...
Ako: Lisa-nee even said she saw a strange woman in her room, and then there was knocking at the front door during the power outage...!
Marina: Whoa, that definitely is scary... Were you all okay?
Ako: Yeah. It turns out that it wasn't a ghost after all. It was just us imagining things...
Marina: I see. Well, I'm glad to hear that. Still, I know how you all felt~.
Marina: After hearing a scary story, even the most trivial thing will seem scary.
Ako: I know, right? I was super scared too~...
Ako: But, when I thought it might be a real ghost that was going to drag Lisa-nee away, I yelled at it when there was knocking at the door.
Ako: I said, "Don't be mean to Lisa-nee anymore~!"
Ako: In the end, it turns out it wasn't a ghost, but Yukina-san's dad.
Marina: I see... You really are amazing, Ako-chan.
Marina: Even if it was a misunderstanding, your bravery in trying to protect Lisa-chan was real. I think that's really wonderful.
Ako: Ehehe, you think so~...? Thanks, Marina-san!
Marina: Say, when a ghost appears at CiRCLE, maybe I'll ask you to drive it away.
Ako: Huh?! Th-that's... Umm~...
Marina: Ahaha, just kidding. There aren't any scary stories at CiRCLE, so you can relax.
Marina: ... Ah, it looks like the others from Roselia are here. Don't worry about any ghost, and do your best with practice today as well!
Ako: Of course! I'll work super hard! I'm off~!
