1144_Ako Udagawa_R3 Caring for Blue Roses

<A Glimmer of Responsibility>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Concert Hall - Dressing Room]

Yukina: Good work today, everyone. That was a great show.
Sayo: Indeed. The other bands did quite well, too. I believe there was much we could stand to learn from their performances.
Rinko: Yes... Their performances, arrangements... There was a lot... I think we could use as reference...
Lisa: And that band that went up two spots before us was great! They ran into equipment trouble but saved their show with some quick ad-libbing!
Yukina: Right. They managed to immediately respond to unforeseen circumstances while keeping the audience engaged. That ability to stay cool on stage is something we must strive for.
Ako: ...
Yukina: Ako? Did you learn anything from the show?
Ako: ... Huh?! Uh, yeah! I agree!
Sayo: Udagawa-san. You've clearly not been focused for a while now. Is something wrong?
Ako: Aw, I'm sorry! I just can't stop thinking about our booth...!
Lisa: Booth? Oh, do you mean our booth we set up? Did we forget something?
Ako: No, that's not it. I was just wondering whether people actually went to go see it or not.
Rinko: Ah... That's right, we still... haven't heard anything from the staff... about it...
Ako: Yeah... And Yukina-san didn't mention it while she was on the mic at all, so I've got no clue whether the guests liked it or not~...
Yukina: I see. You have a point. Considering it was a main focus of this event, I certainly should have brought it up while onstage.
Yukina: Thank you for the input, Ako. I'll make sure to consider adjusting my MCing in the future to match whatever event we are participating in.
Ako: Th-that's not what I'm talking about~! Could we all just go take a look at the Roselia booth together?
Sayo: I know how you feel, but that wouldn't be a good idea.
Yukina: Yes... I have to imagine it would probably cause a lot of unnecessary trouble if we appeared at the booth ourselves.
Ako: I-I know that, but...
Lisa: Hmmm~... But I know where Ako's coming from. I am pretty curious how the guests reacted to our booth too~.
Lisa: I mean, we might end up hearing some pretty useful insight! Rinko, aren't you curious how people reacted to your outfit plans?
Rinko: Yes... I'm in the middle of planning... some new outfits, after all...
Rinko: Being able to see people's reactions firsthand... would be useful...
Ako: Yeah! And I think it's important that we figure out whether our message actually got across to the visitors or not!
Ako: I know there's no way I'd be able to figure out whether everyone really understood how cool Roselia is just from whatever the staff tell us.
Ako: And if it didn't get across to them, then we've got to figure out why!
Yukina, Sayo, Lisa & Rinko: ...!
Ako: ... Wh-what's wrong, everyone? Did I say something weird?
Yukina: No... I'm just a little surprised. I wasn't expecting you to have thought that much about this.
Ako: Jeez~! Of course I thought about it a bunch~!
Ako: Roselia's the coolest band in the world, after all! I wanna make sure everyone knows it!
Sayo: Udagawa-san does make some good points. Shall we take a look? Although we mustn't cause any unnecessary commotion, of course.
Ako: Really?! Yay~!
Lisa: Fufu, that was pretty good, Ako! You even got Sayo convinced!
Rinko: Yeah... Ako-chan... You've become...  more reliable...
Ako: Ehehe, you think so~? Thanks, Lisa-nee, Rin-rin~!
Ako: Fufufu... Then let's set sail for that booth!
Sayo: Wait, Udagawa-san. Let's at least change clothes before we go.
Ako: Ah, that's right! We'd get found out super fast with these outfits on.
Yukina: It's undeniable that you've become more reliable, but I see that restless nature of yours hasn't changed.
Lisa: Ahaha. If you ask me, that's something I don't ever want to see change, though~☆
Ako: Ohhh~! I just forgot for a second, that's all~!


<The Coolest Plan!>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Thanks for helping out with cleaning up front. We managed to finish early with your help.
Marina: We've got a lot of reservations coming up today, huh? Hm, if I remember right, Studio A was taken by...
Ako: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Ako-chan? Hi there. How long have you been here?
Ako: About thirty minutes. I've been in the lounge the whole time!
Marina: Huh. But isn't your practice scheduled for later?
Ako: Yeah, but there's actually something I want to show everyone in Roselia first...
Marina: What's that?
Ako: Roselia held an introduction corner at our joint concert the other day.
Ako: So I was hoping to show everyone my idea for what we could do if we ever got another chance to do something like that again!
Marina: I see. Could we take a look, too? We held a Poppin'Party corner here before, so we were actually thinking of asking other bands, too.
Ako: Really?! Check this out, then!
Ako: When Roselia was talking about what sort of corner we wanted to make, I couldn't explain what I wanted to do really well, so...
Ako: I drew a picture this time! I was thinking maybe this would be easier for everyone to understand!
Marina: Oh~! They do say that a picture's worth a thousand words, after all.
Ako: Right?! This is the best exhibition idea I can think of!
Marina: Let's see here...
Marina: Th-that's quite a big dragon... and those are black flames flying off of it, right...?
Ako: Yeah! I want to add in some more stuff about NFO next time~! I think that'd make it even cooler!
Marina: I-I see... It is cool, but... Um...
Ako: Huh? Wait, do you not get it?
Marina: No! I definitely understand that this is what cool means to you! But wouldn't this end up just being an NFO corner instead...?
Ako: G-good point...! I was so focused on trying to make it cool, somehow I ended up just making the picture all about NFO instead...
Marina: Fufu, it might be better to think about what side of Roselia's coolness you want to show others first.
Ako: Huh! Now that you mention it, Sayo-san said that I needed to think of a theme first, too!
Ako: Thanks, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san~! I'll start over and do some more thinking! Would you take a look at it once I'm done~?
Marina: Of course! We're looking forward to seeing what sort of ideas you come up with.
Ako: Okay! Alright~, I'm gonna think of something that'll knock everyone's socks off~!
Ako: I'm going to go back to the lounge and start drawing again! I'll see you guys later!
