1176_Ako Udagawa_R3 It's Important!

<As Long As We're Together>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Gallag Mines]

Demon Princess Ako (Ako): There sure are a lot of people playing after maintenance~.
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah. (￣ω￣;) It was a huge patch that added a new dungeon, so it's especially crowded today.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I'm also looking forward to the new dungeon, though~. Alright, let's do this, Rin-rin! First up is planning our attack!
RinRin (Rinko): Our goal for today is taking down the dungeon boss, then finding all of the loot within the dungeon itself, correct? ('ω'*)
RinRin (Rinko): According to player feedback, the interior is fairly intricate, and many of the people who went inside got lost. (；ﾞﾟ'ωﾟ')
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Right, the magic in this dungeon prevents you from opening your map.
RinRin (Rinko): Yes, so from the moment we enter, I think we should be prepared for the possibility of losing our way.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): So why don't we try making a beeline for the boss from the start?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Even if we head straight for the boss, we're bound to make some wrong turns and open some chests...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): But we'll just avoid doing any searching beyond that! Once the boss is done, we can reenter the dungeon and grab any loot that we missed.
RinRin (Rinko): Okay.  (｀･ω･´)ゞ I think that should work.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Mmm, the perfect plan! Alright, let's head out~!
(Black cut)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We've already hit a fork in the road~. Hmmm, what should we do, Rin-rin?
RinRin (Rinko): Good question... We just got here, so there aren't any clues yet.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I'll go ahead and decide first, then! The first part is the most important~... Yeah, let's go right!
RinRin (Rinko): Right it is. Let's trust your gut and head that way.(`･ω･´)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Hmmm, I've been checking every which way, but I haven't spotted any loot yet.
RinRin (Rinko): We only just entered, but I'm sure we'll find some soon enough.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): For sure! Ah, there's another path.
RinRin (Rinko): You're right... We went right last time, so how about left?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay, left it is!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You look like you're having more fun than last time, Rin-rin♪ Hehehe~.
RinRin (Rinko): ( 'ω')? What was that, Ako-chan?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Nothing! Never mind~! Okay, let's go!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): What kind of boss do you think it is? I'm so excited, Rin-rin!
RinRin (Rinko): Fufu, me too. Ako-chan.
(Black cut)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Phew, we've covered a lot of ground~.
RinRin (Rinko): Yeah, this place is as intricate as the rumors say. What a long dungeon. (￣ω￣;)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): We've had to pick a bunch of paths to get here, so I have no idea where we are anymore~.
RinRin (Rinko): Fufu, me neither. We might run into a dead-end soon, or maybe even a trap, so be careful.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Not after we came all this way!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Then again, they usually put rare items at the end of dead-ends and stuff~! Who knows what's waiting for us♪
RinRin (Rinko): Sounds exciting. ヽ(*ﾟ∀ﾟ*)ﾉ I hope we find something nice.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): But still, I haven't seen a single treasure chest yet. I figured we'd be tripping over them as we stumble around in here.
RinRin (Rinko): You'd think so... Ah! Ako-chan, stop!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Huh?!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): I-is that thing over there... the boss?!
RinRin (Rinko): A three-headed dragon... Yes, without a doubt.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Huh~?! I wanted to make space for all the rare items that I thought we'd find, so I didn't bring many battle items with me~!
RinRin (Rinko): Inventory space is rather limited. We did intend to head straight for the boss, but I didn't think it would be this short of a trip. (￣ω￣;)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Argh~! This wasn't in my plans at all~!
RinRin (Rinko): Fufu... But if you think about it, we chose the path here together. Our journey might not have gone as planned, but I think this works fine.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): ... Yeah, I agree!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Even if we get lost or run into something we didn't expect, it still feels like a good time because we were together♪
RinRin (Rinko): Exactly. ('ω'*) Now then, why don't we take down the boss and finish exploring the dungeon?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Okay~! Alright, here comes the Ako and Rin-rin combo!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Let's do this~! Get ready to taste the sacred but fallen Princess Ako's ultimate... um... super big spell thing~!


<Everything Together>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Station Entrance]

Ako: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Ako: I'm on my way to go hang out with Rin-rin! I got too excited and ended up coming earlier than we planned.
Ako: Hey, {{userName}}-san, do you have time to talk about something with me?
Ako: You don't mind?! Yay, thanks~!
Ako: Actually, we haven't even decided where we're going today~.
Ako: Ah, but don't worry! There's actually a big reason why.
Ako: And that is because we're going to decide everything that happens today together~!
Ako: Rin-rin is always going along with whatever I want to do.
Ako: Even when we play games, she asks me which quests I'd like to do first!
Ako: She'll go along with whatever I want to do, whether that's going to a dungeon or gathering materials in the overworld~.
Ako: You know, I've asked her before if there's anything that she wants to do.
Ako: But when I do, she just says that she has fun being with me and lets me choose where we go.
Ako: That's one of the things that I love about her!
Ako: So yeah...! Today, I thought it'd be nice to do whatever Rin-rin is up for!
Ako: But after I told her that, she said that what she really wants is to decide together.
Ako: So everywhere we go today, everything we eat, and everything we buy will be a decision made by us two!
Ako: We'll probably come across stuff that we can't decide right away... but imagine all the fun stuff we'll come up with!
Ako: As long as I'm with Rin-rin, even racking our brains can be a blast!
Ako: Ah, I talked so long that it's already time to go. Rin-rin should be here any minute, so I've gotta split!
Ako: I'll let you know how it goes. See you later~!
