1181_Ako Udagawa_R4 Follow My Directions

Gacha phrase: It really feels like you two have become good friends!

<Using Dark Powers for Friendship>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Restaurant]

Ako: Mmm~! "Fairy Legends II: Another Story" was amazing, wasn't it~?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it was! The first movie never touched on the main character's past, but now we finally know so much... Sigh, I'm still so emotional...
Mashiro: The marshmallow rabbit had such an important part to play too... I almost cried... I never expected it to fly...
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it was such a touching moment that made you realize how much the rabbit has grown... I'm also curious about what will happen to the main character's rival...
Ako: I know! Ah~, I wonder what the sequel's going to be like~! I can't wait~!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, since we still have some time before our food arrives... Why don't we check them out?
Ako: You're talking about the freebies for watching the movie, right?
Mashiro: I hope the film frames are for scenes that we like...
LOCK (Rokka): What was your favorite scene, Ako-chan?
Ako: I want the one where the dragon comes out of the cave! That part where it breathed fire and went on a rampage was so cool! Mashiro, what about you?
Mashiro: It would be nice if I could get the one where the marshmallow rabbit musters its courage and flies through the sky to help the main character... And you, LOCK-chan?
LOCK (Rokka): Any of the scenes with the main character in it, but it would be especially nice if I could get the final scene...
Ako: Alright~! Let us begin the ritual unsealing~! I'll go first!
Ako: Interesting... This scene~...! Uh~... what scene is this?
LOCK (Rokka): It's... kind of dark... But you can see a bit of something that looks like the sea... so maybe it's the part where they go to the Land of Magic by boat...
Ako: Aww~, how am I supposed to be able to tell from this~? Bummer~. What did you get, Rokka?
LOCK (Rokka): I got... um... I have no idea. It looks like feathers of some kind...
Ako: Wait... isn't this from that part where the main character gets scolded by their mom? The one where they're out in the rain and their pet owl comforts them.
LOCK (Rokka): Ohhh... It was a nice scene, but... hm... It's kind of hard to tell from this... Okay, your turn, Mashiro-chan. What scene did you get?
Mashiro: Um, well... I got this one...
LOCK (Rokka): Wow! You got this...?!
Ako: Seriously~?! You got the main character! And it's a close-up too! Way to go!
Mashiro: I-I guess...
Ako: Hm? What's wrong? You don't seem too happy...
Mashiro: It's not that... I'm not happy... It's just...
Mashiro: Um, LOCK-chan... would you like to exchange frames...?
LOCK (Rokka): What...?! But you got such a nice one...!
Mashiro: It's okay. You let me have the marshmallow rabbit last time...
Mashiro: So... I'd like you to have it.
LOCK (Rokka): Mashiro-chan...
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you. You have no idea how much this means to me! I'll take good care of it.
Mashiro: Yeah...
Ako: ...
LOCK (Rokka): ...? What is it, Ako-chan?
Ako: I'm just so happy the two of you are good friends now~!
Ako: You had me worried last time when things got a bit uncomfortable, but it looks like you've become buddies!
Mashiro & LOCK: ...
LOCK (Rokka): It's thanks to you, Ako-chan.
Ako: Hm? Me?
Mashiro: Mm-hmm. If it had been just me and LOCK-chan, I don't think we would've talked as much.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you for stepping in between us and helping us become friends.
Ako: E-ehehe, you're making me blush now~...
Ako: It's probably all because my dark powers touched your souls and... did stuff...
Ako: Um~, what I'm trying to say is, maybe I was just able to use my dark powers really well!
Mashiro & LOCK: Fufu...
Ako: Anyway, don't you think the main character looks ultra super cool in this frame~?
Mashiro: It's the scene at the end of the movie where they smile and wave at their friend before getting on the boat, isn't it?
LOCK (Rokka): Smiling to comfort their friend who'll be remaining behind on the Land of Magic is just the kind of cool thing that I think Kasumi-senpai would do~.
Mashiro: Really...? You think so...?
LOCK (Rokka): Hm? You don't...?
Mashiro: N-not really. It was a very touching scene... But I think if it had been Kasumi-san, she would've cried...
Mashiro: She can be pretty sensitive...
LOCK (Rokka): B-but I think she would've hidden her sadness and smiled in front of everyone! That's the kind of person Kasumi-senpai is!
Mashiro: I-I think she would've cried!
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, she would've smiled!
Ako: Uh... Guys...?
Mashiro & LOCK: Grrr~...!
Ako: Y-you guys just thanked me for helping you become friends~...
Ako: Come on~! Don't fight again~!


<Our Band Mentors>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Hi~! I'm here for the B Studio I booked~!
Marina: Hi, Ako-chan. Let's see, it was for solo drum practice, right?
Marina: Could you wait a bit? The studio should be available soon.
Ako: Okay~!
Ako: Ah! Guess what, guess what! I got to go out for the first time the other day with Mashiro and some other girls!
Ako: You see, Rokka and I were going to a Poppin'Party concert, but we bumped into Mashiro, Rui, and CHU². It turns out they were on their way to the same concert too~...
Marina: Huh, what a nice coincidence. Did you end up going with them?
Ako: We did! Concerts are more fun to watch together, after all!
Marina: Fufu, it's especially fun when you get to talk about it afterward.
Ako: Yeah... Ah, but Rokka and Mashiro ended up getting into a tiny fight...
Ako: They were both trying to prove they were better friends with Poppin'Party. It kind of made me worry...
Marina: They really do love Poppin'Party, after all. I can sort of understand why they got into a fight in the first place...
Ako: Exactly, and I so get that feeling of wanting to show it when you really like something.
Ako: And I don't think it's bad either! In fact, I think it's super ultra important!
Ako: Roselia gets into a lot of fights too because of how much we love music... But we've also become closer because of those fights!
Marina: True. It's hard to form an understanding of each other when you keep your feelings hidden away.
Ako: Mm-hmm. Even though things got awkward between Rokka and Mashiro, they were still able to make up and even decided to go out together!
Ako: ... I just wish there was something more I could've done.
Marina: Such as?
Ako: I've been in a band longer than Rokka and Mashiro, so I wanted to be able to help them become friends quicker.
Ako: I wasn't really able to~.
Marina: Fufu, I wouldn't be so sure. You might be why they became friends.
Ako: Me?
Marina: Whenever people are about to do something, you always take the initiative and cheer up the mood, right?
Marina: I think the atmosphere you created gave them the chance to become friends.
Ako: E-ehehe, you think so? Hearing that makes me happy~!
Marina: Fufu, I can just imagine you trying so hard to act as a bridge between them.
Marina: The RAS and Morfonica girls do tend to have rather well-defined personalities.
Ako: Ugh~, tell me about it! They fight over anything~!
Ako: Seriously! You should've seen CHU² and Rui go at it! It was a huge mess~!
Marina: Ahaha, okay, okay. You can tell me all about it.
