1216_Ako Udagawa_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: This is gonna help Demon Princess Ako gain a bunch of levels!

<I Just Leveled Up!>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Lisa: Happy birthday, Ako☆
Ako: Wow! Thank you very much!
Yukina: Here is a present from all of us to you.
Ako: Yay! What could be inside it?
Ako: Th-this is...!
Rinko: It's a... dictionary of fantasy terms...
Lisa: We all got to talking about what to get you for your birthday this year, and we thought that you might like that!
Sayo: Additionally, if you allow us to read that dictionary, it would likely give us a more distinct understanding of what you are trying to say.
Rinko: Use that dictionary... to be even cooler... Ako-chan.
Ako: Rin-rin... You guys...! Okay! Thank you! Now I'll level up even more as great demon princess Ako!
Ako: Whoa~, there's even a bunch of illustrations in it, so even flicking through it is exciting! It feels like I'd be able to summon something!
Ako: Oh magical beast of ebony that resides in the abyss. Heed this grimoire bestowed unto me by my sworn allies, and... Uhh...
Rinko: Ako-chan... Why don't you give that dictionary a read?
Lisa: Ahaha! You had a kinda cool pose though!
Ako: Really?! Yay!
Lisa: Ah, don't move. Stay just like that! I'll take a picture of our oh-so-cool Ako! Here I go~. Say cheese☆
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<All-Powerful Grimoire!>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Asuka: Ako, you sure like that dictionary. You got it from Yukina-senpai and the others, right?
Ako: Yeah, it was a birthday present! It has so many cool words in it, just reading it is lots of fun~.
Ako: With this grimoire bestowed upon me by my sworn allies, my words of darkness will power up with a boom!
Asuka: I don't know about ending your statement like that...
LOCK (Rokka): But don't you think that's just her style?
Asuka: Well, I guess you have a point.
Ako: I wanna memorize a bunch of cool words, so I've been reading a little bit every day before bed~!
Asuka: If only you were that enthusiastic about your English studies.
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha... Come to think of it, we have an English quiz today.
Ako: Where's my English dict- Ah!
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan, what's wrong?
Ako: I forgot my English dictionary at home! I brought it home with me yesterday~...
Asuka: Huh? Will you be okay? The teacher makes us look up words in the dictionary a lot. They got mad at one girl who forgot hers last time...
LOCK (Rokka): Why don't you go borrow Tomoe-senpai's dictionary?
Ako: Hrm~, but there's no time~...
Ako: Ah, I know! I'll just do what I can with this dictionary today!
Asuka & LOCK: Huh?!
Asuka: No, no, no. That would definitely be impossible.
Ako: I'm telling you, it'll be fine! Look, it even has a bunch of English words!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I get the feeling that's not the problem...
Ako: It's okay. The others in Roselia gave it to me, so it should definitely help me out!
Asuka: I know it makes you happy, but~...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Will you really be okay...?
