1295_Ako Udagawa_R2 Happiness Rose

<Becoming the Spirit Captain>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Ako: I can't wait for lunchtime tomorrow~! Everyone's gonna be so surprised when they hear your announcement!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah, I know now that I can speak better if I try to summon my inner Kasumi-senpai, so it might be fine!
Asuka: Summon...?
Asuka: But I guess it's true. You definitely sound more cheery, and I think everyone will listen when they hear how passionate you are about it.
LOCK (Rokka): I even got the seal of approval from Kaoru-senpai and such, so I have to do my best tomorrow!
Ako: Don't worry, I know you're gonna be awesome, Rokka~.
Ako: By the way, you're pretty amazing, Rokka~. Your impression of Kasumi is spot on!
Asuka: Huh, you think so...? Well, I guess it was quite like her.
LOCK (Rokka): Did you not think it was very good, Asuka-chan...?
Asuka: I'm not saying it wasn't good, I just think my sister is more than just cheerful...
Ako: Ah, then why don't we get Asuka to do her impression? You could watch her and work on your own impression, Rokka!
LOCK (Rokka): Good idea! Asuka-chan does see Kasumi-senpai every day...!
Asuka: Wh-why do I have to do an impression of my sister? That's so embarrassing, I won't do it.
Ako: What?! Come on, just do it~!
LOCK (Rokka): I wanna see the original Kasumi-senpai...! Like this, Asuka-chan...!
Asuka: What do you mean, the original...? Ugh, if you keep bugging me, I'll tell Sis that you're impersonating her.
LOCK (Rokka): Eeek~! P-please, anything but that~!
Ako: Hmm, I guess not then~...
Ako: But wow, you really love Kasumi, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): Of course I do! And not just Kasumi-senpai. I really, truly love all of Poppin'Party...!
Ako: So, since you chose to copy Kasumi, does that mean she's your favorite member?
LOCK (Rokka): I-I don't have a favorite member! I love all of Poppin'Party equally!
LOCK (Rokka): I just thought that, for these announcements, Kasumi-senpai's bright, joyful personality would be the easiest to imitate...
Asuka: Fufu, I think she'd be happy to hear that. Shall I tell her for you?
LOCK (Rokka): Please keep this a secret from Kasumi-senpai~...! It's really quite rude of me to be pretending to be her like this~...!
Ako: But this is the easiest way for you to get through this, so I think she'd understand! Don't worry!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, thanks, Ako-chan. I feel like it would be really easy to be in high spirits if you were the spirit captain, Ako-chan.
Ako: Muahaha, that's because I have the power of darkness on my side...! I would use my jet black waves to go bam! And hype everyone up like boom!
Asuka: That reminds me, your self-introduction was quite bold.
Ako: Mmm. But who would be the easiest for me to imagine if I was gonna do the announcements like Rokka is...? Hmm~...
Asuka: Wouldn't it be Tomoe-senpai?
Ako: Oh yeah! I bet Sis would do it like this... Yeah, alright, I'll give it a go! Mm, hmm...
Ako: Yo, everybody! Today's our School Cleaning Day! Let's give this place a good scrub!
Ako: ... Like that! So? Did I sound like her?
LOCK (Rokka): Ohh! You really are sisters!
Asuka: Yeah, I think it was pretty similar.
Ako: Ehehe, who knows...!
Ako: Who else, who else? Maybe I could do Yukina-san! Watch this~...!
Ako: Now is the time to rid ourselves of the numerous stains and purify this establishment... Are you prepared?
Ako: ... So?! How was that?!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah! I think it was good!
Asuka: Huh, really? Is Yukina-senpai really like that...?
LOCK (Rokka): I think a few details are a bit different, but I really felt that air she has about her! Nice one, Ako-chan!
Ako: That's because Sis and Yukina-san are two very, very, very cool people that are engraved in my soul! Of course I can do impressions of them~!
LOCK (Rokka): That's so you, Ako-chan...! I'm gonna do my best to not be ashamed of the Kasumi-senpai in my heart!
Ako: Yeah! I'm cheering for you, so good luck!
Asuka: Same here. I'm sure you'll do well, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, thank you, guys.
Ako: Oh no, the chime is ringing! We've gotta get back to class... Let's go, guys!
Asuka & LOCK: Okay!


<Dustpan Master of Darkness>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: It's almost time to open the studio, so let's check that there isn't any trash lying around the reception.
Ako: Hey, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hi, Ako-chan. You have a solo practice today, right? I'll open the studio right away~.
Ako: Yeah! Wait, are you guys in the middle of cleaning? Want me to help?
Marina: It's okay, we're almost finished. Thanks, though.
Ako: I'll help clean anytime, so don't be afraid to ask! For I am the Dustpan Master of Darkness!
Marina: Th-the Dustpan Master of Darkness...? What is that...?
Ako: Well a dustpan is for collecting dust! Asuka taught me that~.
Ako: The other day, we had a School Cleaning Day where the whole school helped clean up the campus.
Ako: And at this event, Rokka from the Clean Up Committee complimented me on my dustpan-using skills~! That's why I'm the Dustpan Master of Darkness!
Ako: Ah, but maybe Dark Dustpan Master sounds cooler?
Marina: I-I see~... That's right, Rokka-chan's on the Clean Up Committee, isn't she?
Ako: Yep. And she's not just any member~. Rokka's the spirit captain!
Marina: First the Dustpan Master, and now this... What kind of job is that?
Ako: The spirit captain's job is to give daily announcements leading up to the event to get every hyped up for it!
Marina: I see. So they're in charge of PR for the event.
Ako: Yeah, yeah! Rokka's been working super hard for the Clean Up Committee, so they picked her~.
Marina: Getting everyone excited does sound like a somewhat difficult job though.
Ako: I know, right? Everybody in the school listens to their announcements, and Rokka was nominated for it, so she had to do her best~.
Marina: I bet she felt quite a lot of pressure then... Was she okay?
Ako: Yeah! She was super nervous at first, so things didn't go very well, and she got sad like, "I can't do this~"...
Ako: But then two super-duper helpful people helped her find her confidence!
Marina: Two super-duper helpful people?
Ako: Kaoru and Maya-san~! Thanks to them, Rokka was able to learn how to give really exciting announcements.
Ako: Everyone in my class said they were easy to listen to, and more than anything it seems like Rokka had fun doing it, so I'm really happy for her~.
Marina: I see. I'm glad she has some good upperclassmen.
Ako: Yeah! Kaoru and Maya-san are really nice and smart, so I think they're really great!
Ako: I wish I could've given Rokka some advice too... But I left it to them and focused on cheering her on super-duper hard!
Ako: I thought that supporting her with all my might was the best thing I could do as her friend.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. I think Rokka-chan was able to work even harder because you were supporting her, Ako-chan.
Ako: Ehehe, you think so~? I hope so!
Ako: Alright, I'm feeling pretty fired up now, so I'm gonna work hard today! Marina-san, please let me in!
Marina: Sure, you can go on in now. Have a good practice, Ako-chan!
Ako: Thanks! See ya!
