1359_Ako Udagawa_R4 The Special Day!

Gacha phrase: Please say yes to the Christmas Party!

<What I Want to Do on Christmas>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Ako: Hehehe~...♪ Today, I'm going to practice and get super good at those tricky phrases. And then boom! Next band practice, I'll knock the socks of Yukina-san and the others~.
Ako: ... Hrm? Is that...
Kasumi: Oh, my gosh~, we should so decorate a Christmas tree~! Covering it with tons of shiny stars would be really fun~!
Arisa: It wouldn't be too hard to decorate a small tree...
Tae: Arisa, if we're going to decorate a tree, it should be massive, taller than the roof.
Arisa: And just where would we put a tree that big?!
Ako: Kasumi~! Tae! Arisa!
Kasumi: Ah! Ako~! You got practice now?
Ako: Yeah! I'm about to practice by myself~! What are you guys up to?
Kasumi: We're talking about having a Christmas party~!
Arisa: There's a lot to figure out, like how much to spend on presents and what kind of decorations to hang on the tree.
Ako: Wow~, that sounds like so much fun~!
Kasumi: We're gonna get loads of party poppers~.
Tae: Fried chicken is a must. And Saya's chocolate cornets.
Arisa: Rimi said she'd bring a chocolate cake she likes too. We're going to have so much food...
Kasumi: We're also gonna decorate the party together~! We'll do everything one step at a time!
Ako: Just hearing you talking about it has got me excited! I want to have a Christmas party too~!
Tae: Hrm? Roselia isn't having one?
Ako: Well... everyone's been pretty busy lately, so...
Arisa: Oh, right. Roselia joined a music agency, so you probably have busy schedules.
Kasumi: No way~! Even if you're busy, you can't pass up on a Christmas party~!
Tae: That's right. Christmas only comes once a year.
Kasumi: You should definitely have one! It'd be so much fun!
Kasumi: Roselia's gotta make some special Christmas memories!
Ako: Roselia Christmas memories... That's exactly what we need!
Ako: Okay! I'll talk to everyone about having a party!
Tae: You should think about what kind of Christmas party you want to have.
Ako: Well, I'd want to have, uh... a "Dark Christmas Night" party!
Arisa: A what...?
Kasumi: What's that? It sounds really cool!
Ako: Doesn't it?! We can all dress up like evil Santas, and then boom! We exchange presents!
Kasumi: Ohh, I like! Ah, Poppin'Party should dress up like Santa too! We can wear stars and sparkle from head to toe!
Arisa: It might be hard to look at each other if we're so sparkly...
Tae: Hmm, maybe I'll be... a bunny Santa.
Ako: What's that?
Tae: It's a Santa that delivers lots and lots of bunnies. When you wake up on Christmas Day, you're surrounded by soft and fluffy bunnies.
Arisa: That sounds more like a nightmare...
Ako: Ah, we have to think about a Christmas cake too! Let's see~... Ah, I want a two-tiered cake!
Kasumi: Whoa~! That sounds awesome!
Ako: Right~?! The bottom cake will be a rich dark chocolate cake. And it'll have cool wings too!
Ako: The top cake will have a scythe in it! I found a really cool one in NFO recently. If I put it on the cake, it'll be the greatest cake ever!
Kasumi: Totally! We're gonna go all out too~. Right, Arisa?! Right, Tae?!
Tae: Yeah. We're going to make a giant Oddie cake.
Arisa: Ladies, this isn't a competition...
Ako: Ehehe. Talking with you all is giving me a lot of ideas.
Ako: Thanks! I'm going to make sure Roselia has a Christmas party!
Kasumi: Great! I wish it was Christmas already.
Arisa: Don't get ahead of yourself. Besides, we haven't even finished preparing for the party.
Tae: Tell us about what kind of Christmas party Roselia has, okay? I want to know what kind of parties other bands have.
Ako: I'll definitely let you know! Tell me all about how Poppin'Party's Christmas party turns out too!
Tae: We will. And we won't let Roselia out-party us.
Arisa: Again, this isn't a competition...
Ako: Alright, I'll ask everyone about having a Christmas party at our next band practice~. I can't wait~!


<A Feeling I Want to Share>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Ako: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hey, Ako-chan! What are you up to today?
Ako: I heard the mall was doing an after-Christmas event, so I came to check it out!
Marina: Fufu. That's why we're here too.
Ako: Ah, really?! Let's check it out together, then!
Marina: Sure! {{userName}}-san, you don't mind, right?
Ako: Yay~! But I'm a little sad because Christmas is over~.
Ako: But this year I had the best Christmas ever, so I shouldn't complain!
Marina: You don't say... Did you do something nice?
Ako: I sure did! Roselia had a Christmas party at Lisa-nee's house!
Ako: We ate cake and even exchanged presents! It was so much fun!
Marina: Fufu. I can tell. Doing a Secret Santa is so exciting.
Ako: It really is! You keep thinking about who's going to get your present and if they're going to like it or not...
Marina: Exactly~. But picking out a present can be a little tough.
Marina: You have to think of a present that would make anybody happy if they got it...
Ako: Yeah, and that was super tough! Sayo-san and Rin-rin said they really weren't sure what to get...
Marina: You didn't have any trouble thinking of a present?
Ako: No, choosing a present was really hard for me too! But then I remembered a Christmas party I had a long time ago.
Ako: Back then, my sister gave me a cell phone strap with her favorite character on it for Christmas.
Ako: I didn't know that character, but I was happy to have something my sister liked...
Ako: And because of that, I became a huge fan of that character!
Marina: I get that~. You start liking the same things as the people you like.
Ako: Right! That's why I picked out something I liked for my present!
Ako: If the others started liking the same things as me, I'd be so happy!
Marina: It's really nice to share things you like with others. I'm sure the girls loved your present.
Ako: Ehehe. Thanks! Next time, I'll give you something I really like too!
Marina: Fufu. Thanks. I can't wait to see what it is.
Ako: You're going to love it!
