1370_Ako Udagawa_R2 Innocent Cause

<Glittering Guide>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Downtown]

Ako: Rin-rin~! Sorry, did you wait long?
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... No, I just got here... Um... Well, thanks for coming with me today...
Ako: We're just hanging out downtown, so there's no need for you to be so nervous!
Ako: Still, it's rare for you to say you want to go downtown. Did something happen?
Rinko: When we had the Hanasakigawa Community Festival recently... I decided that I want to know more about the downtown area...
Rinko: And... I also wanted to say hello to everyone who helped with the festival...
Rinko: I just... don't have the courage to do it alone...
Ako: Oh~, so that's what it was! In that case, leave it to me! I'll lead you around with a boom!
Ako: I'll show you all the fun spots around here!
Rinko: Okay... Thanks... I've made a list of the shops I'd like to visit...
Ako: Whoa, you've got quite a few! Well then, first~...
Rinko: What will be first...?
Ako: First will be the golden glittering and scorching hot... Um~... Let's just go!
Rinko: Scorching hot...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Welcome~! Right now our croquettes are freshly fried and crunchy~!
Rinko: Ah... So you were talking about croquettes before...
Ako: Right! We should definitely have something tasty to eat first to give us energy before we visit all the shops!
Hagumi: Ako-chin, Rinko-senpai! Welcome!
Ako: They've got regular croquettes, pumpkin croquettes, and cream-filled croquettes... Hrm~, which should I choose?
Rinko: They all look so good... It's hard to decide...
Hagumi: I recommend the cream-filled croquettes! We recently changed the cream inside a little bit~.
Ako: Wow, I see! In that case, I'll go for one of those.
Ako: What about you, Rin-rin?
Rinko: I-I'll have... the same thing as you...
Hagumi: Okay~, that's two cream-filled croquettes! And~... I'll throw in some regular ones as well!
Ako: Whoa, really?! Thanks~!
Hagumi: Sure! It's because I heard that Rinko-senpai worked really hard at the Community Festival!
Rinko: Ah... Thank you very much... I'm happy to hear you say that...
Ako: Ehehe. Good for you, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Yeah...
Ako: Okay, let's get right to it... Time to dig in~! Chomp... Mmm~, it's so good~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: See you later, bento shop lady! We'll come back again~!
Rinko: Thank you so much for your help... at the Community Festival...
Ako: Were we able to visit all of the shops you had on your list?
Rinko: Yeah... Thanks, Ako-chan...
Ako: I have to say though, we sure did get a lot of presents! We got candy, yokan jelly, rice crackers... and even some manju buns!
Rinko: Whenever any of the shop owners saw you... they gave us snacks...
Ako: It was because you were with me! What did I tell you? There was no reason for you to be nervous, right?
Rinko: Right... Everyone was just so kind... And because you were with me... I think I was able to avoid being nervous part way through...
Rinko: Also, today has been really fun... It was all thanks to you leading the way...
Ako: Ehehe~. If that's what you think, maybe I'll become a tour guide for the downtown area!
Rinko: Fufu... You showed me so many... of your cool points today...
Ako: Huh?! What are my cool points?! Tell me, Rin-rin!
Rinko: In that case, why don't we eat the food we received in the park and talk for a little while...?
Ako: Yeah! Let's eat it all together! Hm, what should I pick~?


<As You See It>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Thanks for all your hard work! Let's keep this pace up in the afternoon as well... Huh? That person over there...
Ako: Hrm~...
Marina: Ako-chan, hello. What's with the frown?
Ako: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! I was just thinking about something.
Ako: ... Ah, I know! Can I ask the two of you something?
Marina: ...? If it's something we can answer, then no problem...
Ako: Um, when you both introduce one of your favorite people to another one of your favorite people, how do you do it?
Marina: Hrm... I'd want them to like the other person, so I suppose I'd tell them about their good points.
Ako: You'd definitely want to do that, right? In that case, I wonder what I did wrong...
Ako: The thing is, Sis and Rin-rin said they had misunderstood each other this whole time...
Marina: Ah, I might've heard about that from the two of them as well. Is that what you were worrying about?
Ako: Yeah... I thought I told them each others' cool points properly, but I couldn't figure out why things turned out that way~.
Marina: Fufu, so you were thinking about what you should do. I don't think you need to worry about it that much though.
Marina: After all, the two of them look cool in your eyes, so that's how you talked about them, right?
Ako: Yeah! My sis is like a hero and super-duper cool, and Rin-rin is like a super wizard and super cool!
Marina: In that case, I get the feeling that talking about them like that would be fine. I'm sure the two of them have a coolness that only you can see.
Ako: Yeah! But I don't want any problems to happen again, so next time, I wanna be able to explain their coolness better!
Marina: Mhm, that might be important. If you do, everyone will be able to tell how cool you think they are.
Ako: Yeah! And then everyone might like the two of them even more!
Ako: ... I know! I'd like to hear what cool points you think my sis and Rin-rin have!
Ako: It might be of some help for when I explain it!
Marina: Fufu, of course. Let me see. First, for Tomoe-chan...
