1494_Ako Udagawa_R4 Flying to a New World

Gacha phrase: So... everyone's doing this for us...

<Spreading What I Like>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After Roselia's Debut Show - Walking Home]

[Station Entrance]

Ako: And then you remember what happened next, right, Rin-rin?! I slammed out a drum solo, and the crowd went wild!
Ako: The audience lost it! Everybody was yelling, "Whoa~!"
Rinko: Fufu... Ako-chan... that's the third time you've told me that story...
Ako: Well, that's because it was so much fun!
Ako: The event hall that was set up for Roselia, the fans that came for Roselia...
Ako: It was just exploding with the power of darkness!
Rinko: Fufu... And after the show... the staff gave us high-fives too...
Ako: Yep! They made my hand sting, but I'd never felt more alive!
Rinko: During the show... I wanted that happy feeling... to last forever...
Rinko: We've entered the world... of major artists. It's a big world filled with opportunities. I'm excited to see... what happens next...
Ako: I bet we're going to be doing more fun stuff just like today!
Ako: Because we're going on a nationwide tour!
Rinko: My heart skipped a beat when I heard that. It was so sudden...
Rinko: We are going to play a nationwide tour... I... still don't believe it...
Ako: I wonder what kind of stage we'll play on next. Since it'll be a nationwide tour, we'll probably play all over Japan, right?
Rinko: Yes, I think so... I imagine... we'll be going over the details soon...
Ako: Okay~. I wish we were on our nationwide tour already~.
Ako: I'm going to make the power of darkness explode again~!
Rinko: Ako-chan... you're really excited to tour, aren't you...?
Ako: You betcha! I want more and more people to know how cool Roselia is.
Ako: And~, I want us to have fans all over Japan!
Rinko: Fufu... That would be nice...
Ako: I want everybody to like more and more of the things I like...
Ako: Mmm~, just thinking about it makes me want to jump up and down~!
Rinko: ... Ah, there's a message from Harumi-san...
Ako: Rin-rin, look! She's set a date for our meeting about the nationwide tour!
Ako: Woohoo~!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... calm down... People are staring...
Ako: It feels like my body is being taken over by the power of darkness!
Ako: Rin-rin, let's go practice!
Rinko: R-right now...?
Ako: Fu, fu, fu...The great demon princess Ako emerges once again!
Rinko: I understand how you feel... but I don't think we should today...
Ako: What~?!
Rinko: Well... Harumi-san told us... to rest today...
Rinko: First... we should recover from today... Don't professional musicians... always need to prepare for their next show...?
Ako: Oh... I guess it's like gathering materials in between events in NFO.
Ako: All right! I won't practice today!
Ako: I'll be a professional. I'll rest and build up my powers of darkness!
Ako: And when we play our nationwide tour, "Bam!" I'll let it all out!
Rinko: I'll do my best... to support you... and the others...
Ako: Okay! I'm going to think of new arrangements to try until it's time for our next practice!
Ako: Rin-rin, will you help me think of some?
Rinko: Sure... Of course...
Ako: Ehehe. On our nationwide tour, I'll show everybody a new ultra-powered-up Ako~.
Ako: Yeah~!


<A Show Made Possible by Everyone>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi! I've come to practice~!
Marina: Hi, Ako-chan. You don't have a reservation, do you?
Ako: Nope!
Marina: Alrighty then~, let me just see if any studios are open.
Ako: Thanks! Hm-hmhmm♪
Marina: Fufu. You seem even happier than your usual chipper self today. Did something good happen?
Ako: Ehehe~. Well, at school today, everybody said really nice things about our debut show!
Marina: Ah, I saw people talking about it on social media. Congratulations on your debut show!
Ako: Thanks~! It was the most amazing thing ever!
Ako: Tons of people from our agency and loads of fans came to watch us play.
Marina: Fufu. I heard that it was really exciting. We would've gone too if we hadn't had to work.
Ako: Our set was incredible too. Our agency made a super cool one just for us!
Marina: I saw that online too. It looked fantastic.
Marina: Even the pictures of it seemed to say... "From this stage, Roselia's entering a whole new world."
Ako: I think so too! I'm really grateful to all the event hall staff~.
Ako: And the staff that worked on our outfits~, and the staff that worked on our album too!
Ako: A whole bunch of people worked to make sure our debut show had a ton of cool stuff...
Ako: That's why we could play on that stage!
Marina: Being a musician, it must have felt really good to be up on that stage.
Ako: It did! But we refused to be outdone, you know.
Marina: What do you mean?
Ako: Everybody worked so hard to make our stage super cool!
Ako: So we had to be just as cool when we played. We weren't gonna let the stage be cooler than us.
Marina: Got it. Well, you're going to have to work really hard from now on if you want to keep being super cool on stage.
Ako: I know!
Marina: ... Ah, looks like the studio all the way in the back is open. Have a good practice!
Ako: I will~! See you~!
