1541_Ako Udagawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Savage minions of the Great Demon Princess, I summon you!

<Dark Powers Unleashed>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: Fu fu fu... Are you absolutely sure you wish me to unleash my all-mighty dark power...?
Sayo: Udagawa-san... This, again?
Lisa: It's cool~☆ She is the birthday girl today, after all.
Ako: This world shall be reduced to ashes in the blink of an eye... Even so, are you truly sure you wish to see my power...?
Yukina: If you are going to do it, please do it quickly. It's almost time for us to leave the studio.
Rinko: Fufu... Ako-chan, you look so happy...
Ako: Hmph... See if I care what happens to you, then! Savage minions of the Great Demon Princess, I summon you!
Ako: Oh~ boy, this is so freaking cool~! I can create a real magic circle! Isn't that amazing?!
Sayo: It is only a hand spinner, you know.
Ako: Argh~! Jeez, Sayo-san, you know what I mean~! These glowing lights are exactly like the effects in the game!
Rinko: It feels like monsters really might come out of the magic circle... Even the patterns on the circle are detailed... I like this hand spinner too...
Lisa: Ako, do it again! I want to take a video!
Ako: You took one last time~. Oh well, if you must~. Here I go...!
Ako: Born from the jet black flames... of the great darkness... Um, I, uh... I summon an all-mighty monster!
Lisa: Wow~, it looks really good in the video! Here, look!
Ako: Ehehe, do I look cool or what~?
Rinko: You look very cool, Ako-chan...!
Lisa: Ah, I bet it'll look even better if we dim the lights in the studio and film it in night mode!
Yukina: Lisa, have you forgotten that we still need to prepare for the birthday party?
Sayo: That's right. The cake still needs to be baked.
Lisa: Oh yeah~, it does. Ako, let's do this later☆
Rinko: Shall we go, then...?
Ako: Yeah! Now we head to the banquet of darkness!


<Ako's Magic>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Tomoe: Ako~, dinner's almost ready~.
Ako: Fu fu fu... So my meal is ready to be served, is it...?
Tomoe: Huh?
Ako: Goodness... What a carefree soul you are. To speak of food at a time like this...
Tomoe: ...? You're not gonna eat?
Ako: What?! I-I am... But! Ahem... You shall now fully submit yourself to the power of my darkness!
Ako: Now, succumb! Servant of the Great Demon Princess!
Tomoe: Hey, what's that? It's pretty. I like how it glows~.
Ako: Argh~! Sis~, I wanted you to be more surprised~!
Tomoe: Huh? Oh, my bad. But it does look like something special.
Ako: It's a hand spinner that looks like a floating magic circle when you spin it! Pretty cool, right?!
Tomoe: Wow~! It looks like something from that game you play.
Ako: Doesn't it?! It's exactly like the attack magic circle in NFO! ... Wait, that's not what I want to talk about!
Ako: I practiced my butt off trying to find the coolest way to surprise you with this...
Tomoe: Wow, you did all that~...? Now I kind of feel bad.
Ako: I tried really hard to come up with cool lines and poses.
Ako: Lisa-nee took videos of me so I could choose what looked the coolest.
Tomoe: Oh. Thanks, Ako. The thing you just showed me was totally cool.
Ako: Really~?
Tomoe: Uh-huh. It was so you.
Ako: Ehehe~, right~? Even everybody in Roselia said it was cool!
Ako: It was really fun playing with it with everybody!
Ako: At first, Rin-rin couldn't spin it at all. And when Yukina-san spun it, she looked like a boss character that shows up on the hardest quests.
Tomoe: Ahaha! Yeah, I can kind of see that.
Ako: Nobody looked too happy when I started playing with it during our band practice breaks, but it helped us relax. We even had a perfect practice!
Tomoe: Oh, yeah? You know, that's kind of like magic too.
Ako: Ah, maybe you're right! Sis, you're a genius!
Ako: At last, my dark powers have awakened in this world~!
Tomoe: Haha, seems that way!
