1583_Ako Udagawa_R4 Catch Up and Surpass

Gacha phrase: Ehehe, well... it's our destiny to be eternal rivals, right?!

<The Person I Want to Be>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant.]

Lisa: Sorry I kept you two waiting~! I got a call from work just as I was about to head out.
Rinko: It's okay... We just arrived too...
Ako: Yeah! Me and Rin-rin have been chatting.
Lisa: Fufu, I see! Looks like you two only have drinks, so how about we fix that?
(Black cut)
Clerk: ... Will that be all for your order?
Lisa: Yeah, thanks! Ehehe, I'm getting fries even though Sayo isn't around♪
Ako: Sayo-san...
Ako: Um, there's something I want to talk to you two about! It's about the other day...
Rinko: The other day...? Do you mean...?
Lisa: That time when Yukina said she wanted to speak with Sayo alone? The look on Yukina's face was pretty different from usual, huh?
Rinko: Hikawa-san didn't seem like herself either... That's why we were wondering... if something had happened...
Ako: Yeah. But even after coming back, they didn't tell us anything...
Lisa: I know I said this at the time... but if it were something concerning the band, I'm sure they would've told us.
Lisa: But they didn't, so it means it's something more personal and private.
Ako: I know what you're saying, Lisa-nee, but hearing that still made me kinda sad.
Ako: Both Sayo-san and Yukina-san talk to me about a lot more stuff than they used to, right?
Ako: I thought it was maybe 'cause I'd also become somebody they could count on and come to.
Ako: But the whole thing made me think maybe it's just all in my head...
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Rinko: It's not your imagination... I'm sure... they both trust you...
Lisa: Rinko's right. You're definitely someone in Roselia we can all turn to. And when I say we, I don't mean just me and Rinko. Yukina and Sayo acknowledge you too.
Lisa: You were the one who invited Sayo to Afterglow's show when it seemed like something was bothering her. It was a bit forceful, but it's also why she went.
Lisa: That way of doing things is something only you can do, Ako.
Ako: D-do you really think so...?
Lisa: Uh-huh, I do. I know I certainly can't because I'm the type that worries before saying anything.
Lisa: You know, stuff like maybe I'm being too pushy or how saying something wrong might hurt the other person.
Lisa: But you did everything you could, and I really admire that side of you.
Ako: Lisa-nee...
Ako: B-but it wasn't just me! I was only able to 'cause you both stepped in and helped...
Ako: So I've been wanting say thank you, so, thanks!
Rinko: I-I didn't do anything...
Lisa: ... Fufu, well, you were a pretty nervous wreck~.
Lisa: Doesn't change the fact that you were the one who took the first step though. There's no denying that.
Ako: ... Okay!
Lisa: Good! So, how'd things go at the show, by the way?
Ako: It was great! My sister was, like, the coolest person in the world, and everyone else was really on fire...!
Ako: ... Wait, you're asking about Sayo-san, aren't you?
Ako: I think she had a good time too! She said so on the way home.
Ako: And... I got to see a bit of what's bothering her, I think, anyway.
Lisa: She told you?
Ako: Nuh-uh. What she was feeling was so strong that it was kind of spilling out of her, and it was like she was down...
Ako: Although I couldn't tell why, so I wasn't able to say anything helpful.
Ako: But Sayo-san smiled and said thanks, and when I saw that, I thought maybe just being there can be enough...
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Ako: That's why even if there's nothing I can do... I want to be with her when she's in trouble.
Lisa: ... Ako~! Just look at how much you've grown...!
Ako: Wh-what...?! I-I have...?!
Rinko: You were incredible, Ako-chan... Not because you were doing anything different... but because you were able to be your usual self...
Rinko: And I think that's why... your words reached Hikawa-san...
Rinko: At least... that's what I think... based on the expression she had...
Lisa: I see... It's a good thing you invited her then.
Lisa: Thanks for being at her side, Ako.
Ako: ... Anytime!
Clerk: Thank you for waiting! Here's your order. Here are your fries, and...
Lisa: Oh~, finally. I'm starving.
Ako: Me too! Here, Rin-rin, your fork.
Rinko: Thank you... Now that our food's here...
Lisa, Ako & Rinko: Let's eat~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Small Shoulders, Hugely Reliable>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, I'm done using the studio~.
Marina: Hope your little private practice session went well, Ako-chan.
Ako: Thanks~! Today was another great day on the drums!
Ako: If I can keep this up, I'll be all set for our tour. Although, I'm still going to keep working even harder and harder~!
Marina: Fufu, you're fired up~.
Ako: I can even feel the flames coming out of me~! But the rest of the band's also extra motivated.
Marina: Can't say I'm surprised. It'll be your big moment as professionals, and it's a nationwide tour to boot.
Ako: Yeah, I'm really excited!
Ako: Ah, but Sayo-san's probably the one who's the most motivated.
Marina: Oh, Sayo-chan is? Huh.
Ako: She's, like, all "ker-phew" now!
Marina: "Ker-phew," huh? Fufu, I think I get what you're going for though.
Ako: Yeah... Oh, but something was bothering her until recently.
Marina: Really...? Is she okay now?
Ako: Mm-hmm, probably.
Ako: But all I could do at the time was be with her...
Ako: So I'm gonna try to become even cooler.
Ako: That way, Sayo-san will feel comfortable coming to me for help!
Marina: Fufu, I see. She probably already knows though.
Marina: That you're someone who cares about her that she can count on.
Ako: Ehehe. Thanks, Marina-san!
Ako: I may not be as dependable as Sayo-san, but I think there are certain kinds of cool that only I'm capable of.
Ako: So I'm going to do whatever it takes to make them all a part of my own style of cool!
Marina: Good, good, that's the spirit. You have our full support.
Ako: Thanks!
Ako: Alright~, tomorrow's gonna be another day where I do my best~! I'm going to become the coolest of cool!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
