1667_Ako Udagawa_R2 Feel the First Sunrise

<Sharing Luck>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: And then, at the end~, I used my skill, and boom! We beat that strong boss!
Lisa: Wow~, that's pretty amazing. That boss was the one you were having trouble beating, right?
Ako: Yeah! But this time, Rin-rin and I came up with tons of attack strategies!
Ako: She used a super-powered area buff to make both of us temporarily invincible!
Rinko: Fufu. I'm glad we succeeded...
Ako: Lisa-nee, it's about time, so let's head home!
Lisa: Okay. Wait... Huh?
Lisa: Aww. Is this where it got stuck?!
Ako: What is it? What's wrong, Lisa-nee?
Lisa: I found the pick I thought I'd lost in my bag! That's so lucky☆
Lisa: I kinda get the feeling stuff like this has been happening a lot since New Year's~. Just the other day, I won a new dessert I wanted to try from a convenience store lottery!
Lisa: It's all minor stuff, but it's almost like I've got luck on my side.
Rinko: That might be happening... to me as well...
Rinko: Since the start of the new year... some rare NFO items... that are fairly hard to obtain... have been dropping a lot...
Ako: You too, Rin-rin? I wonder why... Ah!
Ako: Wouldn't that be an effect of the charms we loaded with joyous power?!
Lisa: Now that you mention it... the time I got the charm might overlap perfectly with when good things started happening.
Ako: I knew it...! Wow~. Joyous power was actually effective... Thank goodness~!
Ako: In that case, I'll be so happy if the charms we gave you will still be helpful to you all from now on!
Lisa: Ako... Aww~, you're such a good girl~!
Ako: Whoa! Lisa-nee, why are you patting me~?!
Rinko: Fufu... I'd like to thank you, too, Ako-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Sigh. I really worked my butt off today. Now all that's left is to go home and study... Agh, it's so cold outside!
Rinko: We only just came out... and my hands are already cold...
Ako: Mine too~! I wanna eat a nice, warm meat bun~!
Lisa: Ahh~, I know what you mean~. Eating a meat bun outside on a day like this is awesome.
Rinko: U-um, then... why don't we stop by a convenience store...?
Lisa: Oh. Are you also in the mood for a meat bun, Rinko?
Rinko: Yes... Also, uh... I was thinking of sharing something... with Ako-chan...
Ako: You're gonna share something with me...?
Rinko: Yeah... Remember? There's an NFO lottery available at convenience stores starting today...
Ako: Ah, that's right! I definitely wanted to do that. Thanks for reminding me, Rin-rin!
Rinko: You said you wanted... the first-place figure...
Rinko: I thought that if I went with you... you might win... the goods you want...
Ako: Huh? What do you mean?
Rinko: Umm... I'm sharing my luck with you... My recent luck might just be a coincidence, but...
Rinko: I... want to believe that it's thanks to the charm you and the others gave me... No... I do believe that's the reason.
Rinko: That's why... uh... since you gave me such a wonderful charm, I'm hoping that will make lucky things happen for you... even if it's just now and then...
Ako: I got it! It'll be an area buff from you for having the charm!
Lisa: I don't really get the whole "area buff" concept, but is it like... sharing in someone's good luck? In that case~, I'll share some of mine with you too☆
Ako: You will? Thanks, you two~!
Ako: I've got a buff from both of you, so now it feels like I'll win that first-place prize!
Ako: I wonder where I should put my figure~. I guess it should probably go next to my computer~...
Lisa: Ako, you're acting like you've already won the figure.
Rinko: Fufu... Well, why don't we get going...?


<Your Support Girl>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Riverside]

Ako: Ahh! Hello, {{userName}}-san!
Ako: Happy New Year!
Ako: Ehehe, I'm gonna go hang out with Rokka right now♪ Y'know how most stores have New Year's sales right now?
Ako: We talked about looking at clothes and stuff since they're going on~.
Ako: That's right~. Things were really tough right from New Year's Day! But it was sooo much fun!
Ako: When Rokka and I went on a New Year's visit to a shrine, we found Hagumi and the others pointing some charms to the sky!
Ako: We asked them what they were doing, and they said they were gathering joyous power from the sunrise on New Year's Day to level up their charm presents~.
Ako: That's why we helped them to gather up that power!
Ako: It was super hard! We played traditional Japanese badminton, had our heads bit by dancing lions, and ran in a race to choose a lucky man and a lucky woman...
Ako: We did all the lucky activities we could think of! It was so tiring... but more than anything, it was really fun!
Ako: To tell you the truth, in the beginning, I was confused by what joyous power was.
Ako: But now I believe that it's definitely effective!
Ako: I mean, we all worked really hard to load the charms with power!
Ako: Hagumi ran the fastest and became a lucky woman. And Tae protected everyone's presents when she got caught in the dancing lion procession.
Ako: Eve and Rokka did their best to gather power too.
Ako: Everyone had a strong desire to cheer for everyone that's gonna be taking a college entrance exam!
Ako: The charms were packed with those sentiments, y'know? So there's no way they wouldn't be effective!
Ako: See? See? That makes sense, right?
Ako: {{userName}}-san, if you ever have some kind of challenge or something important you need to accomplish, let me know!
Ako: I'll make you a charm that's loaded with joyous power!
Ako: It'll be the best charm ever and help you succeed no matter what!
Ako: Ehehe... Well, I should be going now!
Ako: ... Ah!! I nearly forgot!
Ako: {{userName}}-san, I look forward to another year with you! Well, see you~!
