1690_Ako Udagawa_R4 Until My HP Hits 0!

Gacha phrase: Music introduced me to all of it!

<Ako Evolved>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girl's Academy - Class 1A]

Classmate A: Ako!! I went to Roselia's concert! It was awesome!!
Ako: Thanks!
Classmate B: The set list was godly, the new song was great, and your drumming was super cool!! Hey, sign my flyer for me!
Ako: Fu, fu, fu. As you wish, the great demon princess Ako shall inscribe her name upon your flyer...!
Asuka: What? Is Ako giving out her signature again?
LOCK (Rokka): It looks like it. Roselia's been the talk of the entire school since this morning.
Asuka: It's like she's become a total celebrity.
Ako: Ehehe. Do you think so~?
Asuka: Whoa! When did you come back?!
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan, are you done with your signature?
Ako: Yeah! I wrote it quickly and gave it to her!
Asuka: It sounds like Roselia's concert really was great. When my sister came home, it was all she could talk about.
Asuka: She was saying how she and the others have to work hard too. And apparently, she increased her amount of practice.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu. That's the same for every band. After we saw Roselia's concert, it got CHU²-san fired up.
LOCK (Rokka): We've been practicing like mad each day, so I'm exhausted!
Asuka: Considering all that, you seem to be enjoying yourself, Rokka.
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. That's because Ako-chan's the same age as me, so seeing how cool she looked motivated me a lot!
LOCK (Rokka): I can't lose to her or Roselia!
Ako: I won't lose either! For as much as you grow, I'll get even better at drumming coolly!
LOCK & Ako: ...!
Asuka: Fufu. Stuff like that's kinda nice.
Asuka: You two seem so cool because it's like you're in a different world from me.
Ako: Huh? A different world...? Why?
Asuka: Well, both of you are really fired up about music... It's like you have something you want to do, and you're moving toward it.
Asuka: I don't have anything that gets me as eager as that. I guess you could say watching you two makes me jealous...
Asuka: ... Wait, what I'm saying's kinda weird. Forget I said anything!
LOCK (Rokka): Asuka-chan...?
Ako: Asuka... were you feeling lonely?!
Asuka: What?! No, no. I'm not lonely or anything like that...!
Ako: It's because the three of us have been hanging out less and less lately! Asuka, I'm sorry~!!
Asuka: Hey, c'mon! No sudden hugging!
Ako: Asuka, Rokka! Let's hang out after school today, just the three of us! You both said you're free today!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay, we'd be fine with that, but... didn't you say you have a Roselia meeting today?
Asuka: You did. You even made a note of it on your phone.
Ako: Did I? Umm~... Whoa, you're right!
Ako: But there's time before the meeting, so it's no problem!
Asuka: Am I... making you worry about me?
Ako: No~! I love performing in a band and hanging out with both of you. So I'm only thinking that I want to treasure both.
Ako: No. It's not "I want to" treasure them. I'm gonna treasure them!
Asuka: So it's not about you wanting to do that, but that you will, huh...?
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu! In that case, we'll have to hang out today.
Asuka: You really are cool, Ako.
Ako: Fu, fu, fu. I know, right~? I evolved even more during this last concert. So I'm like a brand new Ako!
Ako: My name is Neo Dark Ako. I am she who has mastered the power of darkness... Having attained this power, I shall be even stronger and cool-
Ako: Aww, I was just about to get to the good part. Why did the bell have to ring now?!
Asuka: Fufu... We can think about after-school stuff later. For now, we have to get our assignment ready for the next class.
Ako: Huh? Assignment...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. The report for last week's experiment. The teacher said we were presenting them in front of everyone.
Ako: You're kidding, right?! I didn't do it at all!!
Ako: Wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-what do I do?!
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-what do you mean what do you do...? Your only choice is to work on it now with grit and determination!
Ako: Wah~, I don't feel like I'll make it in time~!
Asuka: Jeez~... Where did that cool new Ako go?
Ako: Rokka. Asuka. Help me~!!


<Sounds in Harmony, Days Shared>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Huh? Ako-chan?
Ako: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: You look like you're having fun. Are you on your way somewhere?
Ako: Yup! I'm gonna hang out with Rokka and Asuka today!
Ako: First, we're gonna go shopping, and then we'll eat some seasonal sweets. After that, we'll play some games, and then~...
Marina: Fufu, that's just like you, Ako-chan. You're still super energetic even after your concert tour just ended.
Ako: Well, that's because I've got so many things I wanna do! No matter how much time I have, it's never enough~!
Ako: Ah, but I'm not just playing around, you know?! I'm doing my band practice properly!
Marina: Don't worry, I know. Plus, taking breathers is important too.
Marina: You couldn't take much time for fun during the tour, right?
Ako: That's right~. Especially because we decided to change our set list for the last concert of the tour...
Ako: And we stayed overnight in the agency's studio to choose what would be on it!
Marina: You stayed in the studio...?! That must've been rough.
Ako: It was! But, y'know, even more than that, it was sooo much fun!
Ako: When I went bang on my drums, the others added their sounds and voices...
Ako: Different sounds came together and made a single song. We do that every day, but it was just so much fun...
Ako: I can't explain it very well, but... at any rate, it was really a lotta fun!
Marina: I think I might know what you mean. When I only just started my band, I felt just like that.
Ako: That's it! Marina-san, you're amazing!
Marina: Fufu. I've got memories of that, too, after all. Plucking a string and hearing the sound is fun. And being able to learn a new cord is fun too...
Marina: When I'd begun my instrument and band, life was brimming with fun things like that.
Ako: Mhm! I realized again that I'm still playing music because of all those fun things.
Ako: And I think all those fun things piling up are what led to that concert on the final day of the tour!
Marina: I think I know what you mean. When we were watching that concert, even we had warm feelings of enjoyment.
Marina: I'm sure your feelings must've reached us.
Ako: Ehehe... Thanks, Marina-san!
Ako: We'll have another awesome concert next time, so make sure you both come see it!
Marina: Okay, we're looking forward to it!
Marina: Setting that aside, didn't you have plans?
Ako: Agh~, that's right! I've gotta get going quick!
Ako: See you later, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! I'll be sure to go practice at CiRCLE again, too~!
