1783_Ako Udagawa_R4 Beyond the Clouds

Gacha phrase: A walk in the sky♪ A walk in the sky♪

<Summer Break Gift>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Asahi Bathhouse - Rokka's Room]

Ako: There's my math workbook... And my English and social studies printouts... Yep, this is all of the homework I have left!
Mashiro: Ngh... It kind of feels like there are more printouts than last year... Sigh...
LOCK (Rokka): Mashiro-chan, I'm sure we'll be fine if we work together! If we teach each other, we'll be done in no time...
Ako: Fu, fu, fu... Summer homework, my arch-nemesis...! With the power of the spirits of darkness, I shall... umm...
Ako: Anyway, I'm gonna end you with a boom!
Mashiro: Ako-chan, you're really motivated...
Ako: Yeah! After all, Yukina-san said she was leaving Haneoka to me! So I decided to do my best not only with the band but also with my studies!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu. Well then, why don't we get started?
Ako: Ah, hold on a second! Before we do... Ta-dah! I've got souvenirs for both of you!
Mashiro: Wow... It's a seashell...! The white and pink are mixed, and the colors are like a sunrise...
LOCK (Rokka): Mine is a spiral shell... It's a pretty blue and so adorable~!
Mashiro: Thanks, Ako-chan. I'll treasure it forever.
Ako: You're welcome! By the way, here's my seashell! Isn't the stripe pattern so cool~?!
LOCK (Rokka): That reminds me, your message said you went to the beach with everyone in Roselia.
Ako: I also took a lotta photos, so take a look!
Mashiro: Whoa... The ocean's stretching off into the distance...! The water and beach are so sparkly that it almost seems like a mermaid princess would appear...
Mashiro: Ah... This photo is really pretty, too...
Ako: This one is a photo I took when we went parasailing!
LOCK (Rokka): Parasailing...?
Ako: Yeah! We used a parachute to go flying over the ocean, like whoosh! It was the greatest feeling ever~!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu... The other members of Roselia are smiling and look like they're having fun, too.
Ako: I know, right~? These photos are of the beach~. Ah, the ones from here on are from in the car!
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hm? This photo of Sayo-senpai... It seems like she's making a really scary face...
Ako: Ah, this is Sayo-san when she's parking! When I tried talking to her, she got mad and said, "Please do not talk to me right now!"
LOCK (Rokka): I-I see... Something tells me she'd get even angrier if she knew you took a picture of her...
Mashiro: So Sayo-san can also drive... She's so mature...
Ako: On this day, Lisa-nee and Sayo-san took turns driving~. They were both super cool, and I started wanting a license, too~!
Mashiro: I see... That'd probably be impossible for me... I get startled just hearing a horn honking...
LOCK (Rokka): But having someone who can drive lets you go out further than you normally would, so it sounds like fun.
Ako: That's right! If Lisa-nee and Sayo-san hadn't been there, we wouldn't have been able to get to a beach as far as that!
Ako: Do the two of you not go to the beach during summer vacation?
Mashiro: I went swimming in a mountain stream in the forest with Morfonica once, but I haven't been to the beach before.
LOCK (Rokka): I think my last time... was when I went with my friends in middle school.
LOCK (Rokka): I went to the pool with RAS. I don't think CHU²-san would want to go to the beach anyway...
Mashiro: I don't like the beach very much either... The ocean is deep and scary. And I bet there would be a lot of people there...
Ako: It's fine~! If you went, it would definitely be fun!
Mashiro: B-but, other than swimming in the ocean, I don't know what else you can do at the beach...
Ako: Huh? There's lots of stuff to do!
Ako: It's fun to go and buy a new swimsuit, and when you get to the beach, you can swim and play beach volleyball. And after that, you can have a barbecue!
Ako: And you have to have fireworks at the end! Lighting fireworks at the beach is so much fun~!
LOCK (Rokka): That sounds like so much fun~! Bright fireworks on the beach at night would definitely be pretty.
Ako: When I went with my family, my sister and I competed to see who could keep their sparkler lit the longest~! There's a sea breeze, so it's pretty hard~.
Mashiro: I see... Ako-chan, you really know a lot about the beach.
Ako: Yeah! That's because I love it!
Ako: ... I know! Why don't we go to the beach together? If we go to the nearby one, we can get there by train! If I'm with you, you'll definitely enjoy it!
Mashiro: Huh?! That's so sudden...!
Ako: It's fine, don't worry! We still have time until school starts, and more importantly, it's our summer vacation, y'know? It'd be a waste if we didn't have fun!
Ako: Okay! With that decided, let's start planning right away! When are the two of you free?
Mashiro: Umm... Huh? Doesn't it feel like we're forgetting something...?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, our homework!! Ako-chan, we've gotta take care of our homework first!!


<Fully Recharged>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi!
Marina: Ah, Ako-chan! Hello. Prep for the studio is almost done, so hold on for a little bit.
Marina: Are you practicing by yourself today?
Ako: Yep! I was practicing with Roselia earlier, but it kinda wasn't enough!
Marina: You're really fired up. Did something happen?
Ako: Actually, we recently had a week-long break. We even went to the beach together!
Marina: We heard about that from Lisa-chan and Rinko-chan. You all went on a drive out there, right?
Ako: Yeah! Lisa-nee and Sayo-san were super cool when they were driving~! They seemed so mature!
Marina: Fufu. Driving seems like it would suit the two of them.
Ako: I decided that when I'm a university student, I'll get a license no matter what! Then I'll drive as cool as they did~.
Ako: Ah, but y'know, when Sayo-san was parking, her face was really scary. When I tried to talk to her, she said, "Please do not talk to me right now!" and got mad at me.
Marina: I think I might know how she feels a little bit. Parking can be pretty stressful...
Ako: At the time, her face kind of looked like the one she makes when she's playing the guitar~.
Marina: Fufu. Sayo-chan must've been serious. I can kind of picture it.
Ako: Oh, and we also tried parasailing together. It was really amazing~!
Marina: Fufu. We heard about that from Lisa-chan. That sounds a little scary to me, but... how was it for you?
Ako: It felt so awesome! At first, we were nervous, but once it was over, we all wanted to go again!
Ako: I could see the ocean stretching way off into the distance, and it was so funny how all the people playing on the beach made it look like a miniature model~.
Ako: Look, here are some photos!
Marina: Wow...! So this is how the beach looks when you see it from up in the sky. Maybe I'll give it a try sometime.
Ako: You definitely should~! Let's all go together next time!
Marina: Yeah, sure.
Ako: That's a promise, okay?! I had so much fun that one day wasn't nearly enough, so I decided I have to go one more time~!
Marina: I'm glad you seemed to have refreshed yourself. Since you went pro, you seem like you've been busy this whole time.
Ako: Yeah! This goes for our time at the beach, too, but we decided not to talk about music for the whole week and rest at full power. And then we recharged ourselves!
Ako: I did play my drums a little bit, though...
Ako: That's why all our power was released with a ba-boom during practice after our vacation!
Marina: I see. So that's why you're fired up again today.
Ako: Yeah! But I still haven't had enough, so I thought I'd detonate my leftover power with some solo practice!
Ako: We've also got the release of a new song coming up soon, so I'm gonna keep up this pace and do my best~!
Marina: Mhm. We're rooting for you! ... Ah. It looks like the studio's ready. Ako-chan, good luck with your practice!
Ako: Leave it to me! Once the sealed gate of darkness has been thrown open... my playing will explode!
