1828_Ako Udagawa_R5 One, Two, Three, Four!

Gacha phrase: Thank you, Hii-chan. I love you!

<Six Little Pumpkins>

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Let me see, I got potatoes and carrots I also got some lettuce... and some more...
Ako: Ako picked up some meat earlier! Are we done with shopping?
Tomoe: Hmmm... Yeah, that's right. It's perfect!
Ako: E-he-he, it's perfect!
Ako: You know you know, Ako worked really hard today!
Ako: Ako was so nervous, but Ako was able to say “Hello” to the people at the store.
Tomoe: That's a good girl. Good job~, Ako.
Tomoe: Then, I'll buy a reward for your hard work.
Ako: Is that okay?
Tomoe: Mom said I can buy whatever I like with the change... So you can choose whatever you like.
Tomoe: You can buy some candy at a candy store or something at the taiyaki store over there...whatever you want!
Ako: Whatever I want…
Ako: Well... then, Ako... wants pumpkins.
Tomoe: Pumpkin? Do you mean that... vegetable pumpkin?
Ako: Yes... tiny ones, six of them.
Tomoe: Six!?
Ako: Yeah, I want six pumpkins. No?
Tomoe: No, but why... pumpkins? And six of them...
Ako: That is, well... let me see... it's a secret.
Tomoe: I see... umm... 6 pumpkins. I wonder if I have enough change...
Ako: Oh...I see... if we buy that much, you won't have enough to get your own sweets...
Ako: ... Never mind Big Sis, it's okay. Let's buy some candy and go home.
Tomoe: Oh, really?
Ako: Yeah.
Tomoe: Are you sure?
Ako: ... Yeah.
Tomoe: Ako...
Tomoe: ... Okay. Then, let's go back to the grocery store. If we don't hurry, they might run out of pumpkins!
Ako: What? Then... b-but ...
Tomoe: Yeah! I already said whatever you want, right? So I gotta get you whatever you want!
Tomoe: Instead, tell me later in secret why you want “6 pumpkins”.
Ako: Big Sis...! Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Himari: Can't I play with Ako-chan today?
Tomoe: No. Here, look at that.
Ako: This is how it goes... hmm... whoosh~...!
Himari: It looks like she's drawing something with a pen... Is that a pumpkin?
Tomoe: She's going to make a jack-o'-lantern of herself and the five of us.
Himari: Is that so? Ako-chan, she's amazing!
Himari: But that means for 6 people, right? Isn't that a lot of work?
Tomoe: I also said that she only needed to make one for herself. But she said she definitely wanted to make one for everyone.
Himari: I see. I'm so happy... I want to help her too, but...
Tomoe: Thanks. But she wants to do it alone...
Himari: Yeah... Ah! Then, let's go to the candy store at the end of the day!
Himari: Let's all cheer on Ako-chan and tell her to do her best!
Tomoe: Oh...! That's really good!
Tomoe: I have to tell Ran-chan and the others at the park! Come on, Himari-chan!
Himari: Ah, wait, Tomoe-chan!
Ako: Whew!... Just a little more to go!...
Himari: ... Go for it, Ako-chan!
Ako: Here, a little more like this...Ummm, hmm~...
Ako: Hii-chan is always smiling, kind and cute... Yeah! Something like this!
Ako: Next is Sis! E-he-he, I hope everyone will be happy and excited to see it.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The Best Big Sisters>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Ako: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Found you!
Marina: Hello, Ako-chan. Did you need something from us?
Ako: Hello! Umm, I have something for you…
Ako: Here you go! Candy that was given out at the downtown Halloween event! Ako brought some for Marina-san and the others!
Marina: Wow, these are cute cookies! Can we really have them?
Ako: Of course! I brought them for you two to get into the Halloween spirit!
Marina: Thank you! We'll treasure them!
Marina: But still, Halloween, huh? I didn't know there was such an event in the downtown. We wish we could have gone too.
Ako: It definitely would have been a lot of fun if you had come!  Ako and friends thought about a lot of things and worked hard for everyone to enjoy themselves!
Marina: You thought about a lot of things... You mean, you helped organize the event, too?
Ako: Yeah! The people in the downtown were having trouble, so Ako planned the centerpiece of the event with Hii-chan and the others!
Ako: We handed out candy to the people who came to the event, and also built a stage and danced with the dance club members!
Marina: Wow, I'm excited just to hear about it.
Ako: Ehehe, Ako did the choreography too!
Marina: I see! I'm glad the event was so much fun.
Ako: Yeah! You know, Ako used to dance at the downtown Halloween events when Ako was a little girl.
Ako: Ako had so much fun at that time, and Ako wanted everyone to have such fun memories too!
Marina: I see... I'm sure your feelings are conveyed to everyone.
Ako: I see~... Yeah! Ako's sure that's true!
Ako: Ako's grateful to Big Sis and Hii-chan, King and Saya-chan, but most especially to Hii-chan!
Ako: Hii-chan didn't just help with the preparations for the event, but also listened to me when Ako was having a hard time with some things!
Marina: I see... I can imagine that. Himari-chan is so kind, and if there was a girl in trouble, she would never leave her alone.
Ako: Yeah, Hii-chan is very, very amazing! That kindness has never changed since Ako was little.
Marina: Since you were little?
Ako: Yeah. You know, Ako told you that we danced at a Halloween event a long time ago, right? Hii-chan helped me out at that time, too.
Ako: Even when Ako didn't do well in the dance practice, she cheered me on, and practiced with me until Ako could do it…
Ako: The other day, Hii-chan was the same as that time. No matter what happened, she definitely stayed with me until the end.
Ako: That's what makes her cool, in a bit of a different way from Big Sis, but Ako loves her so much for that!
Marina: Himari-chan sounds kind of like a second sister to Ako-chan. That's some wonderful memories you have of her.
Ako: You think so too, Marina-san!?
Ako: Ah! Then... if Ako imitates the cool parts of Big Sis and Hii-chan, wouldn't that make Ako the strongest!?
Marina: That's a great idea. Fufu, I'm looking forward to seeing how the hardworking Ako-chan will grow even more.
Ako: Leave it to me! One day Ako will definitely become the strongest like them two!
Ako: Ehehe! Alright, Ako will do her best!
