1872_Ako Udagawa_R5 Something to Protect

Gacha phrase: Ako doesn't want Yukina-san to get hurt after all!

<Satisfied in Mind and Body>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Ako: …
Tomoe: Welcome home, Ako!
Ako: Yeah... I'm home...
Tomoe: Ako, are you going to your room? What about dinner?
Ako: I'm not hungry, so I don't want it...
Tomoe: …?
(Black cut)

[Udagawa Residence - Ako's Room]

Ako: Sigh...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Whatever decision Minato-san makes after this, it is a decision that she herself has made with determination.
Sayo: It would be disrespectful to Minato-san to show sympathy or pity for her decision.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ako: (Ako couldn't say anything at that time... I'm sure I had something to say, but...)
Tomoe: Hey, Ako. Can I talk to you for a minute?
Ako: Sis…?
Tomoe: You said you weren't hungry, butI thought you could eat this, so I made you a small rice ball!
Ako: Sis... Okay, I'll have a little bit.
Ako: Nom... Ah, this has roast pork in it.
Tomoe: It's the special roast pork I got from my part-time job. Delicious, right?
Ako: Yeah, it's delicious...
Tomoe: There's more, so you can eat a lot. There's tea, too!
Ako: Thank you, Sis.
Tomoe: ... Ako, did something happen today?
Ako: ... I don't know what to say, but...
Ako: Ako hates it when someone has to endure something or feel sad. It makes me feel sorry for them...
Ako: So, if there is someone like that, I want to help the person somehow.
Tomoe: Yeah.
Ako: But... I was told that might not be right, so Ako thought that sounded true too…
Tomoe: …
Ako: ... I guess you wouldn't be able to understand, hearing all this out of the blue!
Ako: I'm sorry, I don't know how much I can tell you…
Tomoe: Don't worry about it. You're talking about Roselia, right? You're professionals, so there are a lot of things that might happen.
Tomoe: I'm also sorry for asking you about such a difficult topic. I can't help but feel uneasy when you look sad.
Ako: Sis...
Ako: ... If I look sad, you always help me out, don't you, Sis?
Tomoe: Isn't it obvious? Ako, you're my precious little sister.
Tomoe: And it's the same for you, right? Whenever I look sad or I'm in trouble, you always help me out.
Ako: Yeah... Sis and everyone in Roselia is also important to me…
Ako: I don't want everyone to be troubled or sad.
Tomoe: Those feelings of yours Ako, are always a great help to me.
Tomoe: I'm sure everyone in Roselia feels the same way.
Ako: Sis…
Ako: Thank you. Ako is starting to feel better!
Ako: I'm sorry for worrying you, Sis.
Tomoe: It's true! I was worried because you went off to your room alone as soon as you got home.
Tomoe: I know there's a lot of difficult things going on, but I'm always on your side, Ako.
Ako: Yup…!
Ako: Hey, Sis. I got hungry after eating onigiri.
Tomoe: Mom saved some dinner for you, so let's go eat it in the living room. If you don't have enough, I'll make you anything you want!
Ako: E-he-he ... Thanks, Sis!


<Heart’s Call>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Hello~! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hello, Ako-chan. I've already made the studio available for you.
Marina: Huh? You're all alone today. That's unusual.
Ako: Yeah. Various things have happened, so I'm going to practice by myself for a change!
Marina: Fufu, I guess that's what we need to do once in a while.
Marina: But you said "various things"...? Did something happen?
Ako: Actually, the person in charge of Roselia at the label company has been changed to someone new.
Marina: Come to think of it, I might have read about that in an online news article. Have there been any changes in Roselia's activities?
Ako: I guess we've had more face-to-face meetings than before. I think we are doing well so far…!
Marina: So far...?
Ako: Hmm~, well... When the person in charge changed, there were a few things that happened…
Marina: Ah, if it's something difficult to say, that's okay! Professionals often can't talk around contracts, right?
Ako: Thank you! Marina-san…
Ako: Well I mean, rather than about the contract... When the new person in charge came to greet us, Yukina-san had a bad experience...
Ako: At that time, I thought it would be better to change the person in charge to someone else.
Ako: I didn't want Yukina-san to get hurt any more than she already was...
Marina: I see... There must have been something complicated.
Marina: But now that you are working with the new person in charge, does that mean you all resolved it properly?
Ako: Yeah! The next time we met the new person in charge after the initial greeting, Ako told him how I felt. I told him I didn't want him to hurt Yukina-san any more.
Ako: And it seems it got through to him!
Marina: Wow, good for you...!
Ako: E-he-he... But it took me a long time to express my feelings, and I was so worried that I bothered a lot of people.
Ako: I'm kind of sorry for what I did.
Marina: But I think it was because you were worried a lot and thought about it a lot that you were able to convey what you wanted to say to the person in charge.
Marina: I'm sure the people around you understand how hard you've been working.
Ako: Thank you!... Marina-san. I'm sorry for talking about something so depressing.
Marina: No, no. Rather, thank you for sharing your story.
Ako: Yep! Well, I'm gonna practice with a bang! I'm off!
