2150_Ako Udagawa_R4 My Proud Handmade Chocolate!

Gacha phrase: Why don’t we all make chocolates together?

<What I Couldn't Say>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Ako: Hey, sis, got a sec? There's something I wanna give you...
Tomoe: Oh? What's up?
Ako: Umm... here you go! I’m giving this to you, sis!
Tomoe: Oh! Is this Valentine's chocolate?
Ako: Yep!
Tomoe: Thanks, Ako! Wow~, the wrapping's pretty fancy too.
Ako: Ehehe, right? Right? I used a special design just for you!
Ako: And guess what, I made the chocolate myself!
Tomoe: You made it!? When did that happen...?
Ako: Actually, I made it with the Roselia girls!
Tomoe: I see. With the Roselia members...? Kinda hard to picture, but sounds fun!
Ako: Yes, it was super fun!
Ako: Also... there's something I wanna tell you.
Tomoe: Oh? What is it?
Ako: Well...
Ako: This is from a while back, but remember when you weren’t drumming much?
Tomoe: ...Ah, so you noticed...
Ako: I thought something felt off about you back then.
Ako: You stopped talking about drums or your band and stuff...
Tomoe: I see. Of course you'd notice, Ako.
Ako: Of course I would. Because I love you, sis.
Ako: At first I figured you were just busy with work or school, but it felt like something else...
Ako: And then I thought, what if you stopped playing drums for good?
Tomoe: Ako...
Ako: Even if you did stop, you’d still be the coolest person in the world to me.
Ako: But I realized I really want you to keep being my ultimate rival.
Tomoe: I see... sorry I made you worry, Ako.
Ako: No, it’s fine! I was just worrying on my own!
Ako: But, you’re okay now, right?
Tomoe: Yeah, totally. Things were rough for a while, but I’ve got my head on straight again.
Tomoe: So I promise—I won’t make you worry like that ever again.
Ako: Okay...! ...Whew~, I’m so glad~...
Ako: I was kinda scared you wouldn’t want to talk about this, so I couldn’t bring it up.
Tomoe: You’re seriously so thoughtful, Ako.
Tomoe: But you don’t have to tiptoe around me, alright? I’m really happy you shared how you felt.
Ako: I see. Then I’m glad I said something!
Ako: Actually, when we decided to make chocolates together, Lisa-nee said something...
Ako: She said Valentine's is the perfect time to share things you can’t usually say, along with your chocolates.
Tomoe: I see. That’s so Lisa-san.
Ako: Yeah. Thanks to her, I found the courage to say all this.
Tomoe: In that case, I guess I owe Valentine’s Day a thank-you. And of course, Lisa-san too.
Tomoe: Oh yeah. Mind if I open the chocolate now?
Ako: Yeah, go ahead! I worked super hard on it~!
Tomoe: Let’s see... whoa, it’s super gold and shiny!
Ako: It’s a custom chocolate bar made by Ako!
Tomoe: Haha, these are called color sprinkles, right? This is so totally you, Ako!
Tomoe: The way you go all in on expressing what you love—I think it’s seriously cool!
Ako: Whoa~! Right, right?
Ako: You really are the best, sis! You always get how I feel.
Tomoe: Haha, of course I do!
Tomoe: But hey, since you put in so much effort, I gotta go all out with your White Day gift too!
Ako: Yay! Then I’m really looking forward to it!


<A Cool Recipe>

(Character: Ako Udagawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Mind if we stop by the bookstore before heading back to CiRCLE? The magazine I always buy should be out today.
Marina: Thanks! I’ll be quick!
Ako: Hmm...
Marina: Huh? Ako-chan. Looking for a book on baking?
Ako: Wah!? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Ako: Eh~, how long have you been standing there~!?
Marina: We just got here ourselves. You were really focused—are you about to start baking?
Ako: Not exactly... It's just that we all made Valentine's sweets together as Roselia the other day.
Marina: Oh wow, that sounds like fun!
Ako: Yeah! We even went shopping and exchanged chocolates together—such a great memory!
Ako: Oh, I think Lisa-nee will bring your share to CiRCLE next time!
Marina: Wow, thanks! I’ll be looking forward to it.
Marina: Ah, so that’s what got you interested in baking?
Ako: Yeah, that's right~. When we were making them, Lisa-nee and Sayo-san acted as coaches, and they were so cool!
Ako: I also gave the sweets to Rokka and Mashiro, and when I told them they were handmade, they praised me a ton!
Ako: So now I’m thinking I wanna get a bit better at baking myself.
Marina: I see, that’s why you were checking out books so seriously.
Ako: Yeah! And, you know, lots of sweets have such cool-sounding names in the recipes, it’s really fun just reading through them.
Marina: Ahaha. I think it’s great to take an interest starting from something like that.
Ako: Ehehe... But when I look at the recipes, they seem pretty hard...
Marina: Yeah, actually making sweets can be tricky. You need all the molds and tools first, too.
Ako: That's right...
Ako: I’ve decided! I’m gonna study more by eating more of Lisa-nee’s sweets!
Ako: And one day, I’ll try out one of those cool-sounding recipes myself!
Marina: Fufu, that might be a good idea. Let’s take it one step at a time and master it.
Ako: Yep, I’ll do my best! Thanks, Marina-san!
Ako: ...Oh no, it’s almost time for practice! I’ve gotta go now. See you later.
Marina: Okay, see you, Ako-chan. Take care out there.
