event185-01 Opening: The School Trip Begins!

The first day of the school trip looks like it's off to a smooth start, but...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[School Excursion - Day One]

[Kyoto Station]

Kanon: Wow, there are so many people!
Rinko: Yes... It's my first time at Kyoto station... but somehow it feels... more like an airport...
Aya: I know what you mean! I guess you could call it "futuristic," or something?
Aya: I was feeling kinda restless on the bullet train, but I'm so excited now that we're finally here~!
Chisato: Oh? But I heard from a classmate that you fell asleep faster than anyone else...
Aya: Th-that's not true! Besides, I was only asleep for a second!
Kanon: Uhm. We're at Kyoto station right now, which means our next stop is...
Chisato: I believe we'll be visiting the temples first?
Sayo: Yes. The plan is to go to a few prominent places today, and then we will mainly explore the city tomorrow.
Aya: We'll be visiting all those historical temples, huh? Ohh, I'm so looking forward to this~!
Sayo: ... Everyone, I understand your excitement, but don't forget that the purpose of this excursion is to learn. Please behave accordingly.
Sayo: We should take this opportunity to experience things we can only do here and learn as much as possible before returning home.
Aya, Kanon & Rinko: Okay! Y-yes...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tour Bus - Inside]

Rinko: Sigh...
Kanon: Rinko-chan, are you alright? Are you not feeling well?
Rinko: N-no, it's not that... Uhm... I'm just a little nervous...
Chisato: Nervous?
Rinko: Yes... Oh, but... perhaps it's more accurate to say... I'm anxious with excitement...
Rinko: Kyoto is... often the setting for novels and books... so I've always wanted to visit at least once...
Sayo: I see. That is certainly a cause for enthusiasm, or rather, I understand why you might feel that way.
Sayo: This city is rich in history. I am sure there is a lot we can learn here.
Aya: I totally get you! You kinda end up getting all jittery about it, right?!
Rinko: Yes... That's right...
Rinko: ... Wait... Huh...?
Kanon: Aya-chan?! What are you doing here?
Aya: Huh? What do you mean...? Everyone got on the bus, so I followed, too...
Chisato: Sigh... Aya-chan... The school trip just started, and we already have to deal with this...?
Aya: Huh? What?
Sayo: Maruyama-san... Our buses were separated by class.
Aya: Whaaaat~?!
Aya: Wh-what should I do?! I totally didn't know..!
Sayo: Please calm down. First, we should tell the teacher in charge of this bus.
Sayo: There is a chance that this has already caused a commotion in your class.
Aya: Hnghhh~... Excuse me, I'm so sorry~. I got on the wrong bus~!
(Black cut)
Homeroom Teacher: It's alright. The bus you were supposed to be on has left already anyway. Just be more careful next time, okay?
Aya: Okay! Sorry again...!
Chisato: My goodness. I can't believe an incident has happened already. Seems like we can't let our guard down during this trip.
Kanon: But you know, it's really nice that we get to be on the same bus as Aya-chan.
Chisato: That... is true, I suppose.
Aya: Huh?! What's gotten into you, Chisato-chan?! You don't normally say things like that at all!
Chisato: Fufu. Perhaps I am also a little excited to be here.
Chisato: I've been in show business from a young age, so I haven't had many chances to enjoy school trips. So it's hard not to feel... like this.
Chisato: That's why I'm very glad I'll be able to make memories with everyone here.
Kanon: Chisato-chan...
Aya: I see. That makes sense... Okay! Starting today, let's make a ton of unforgettable memories on this trip!
Chisato: Yes. Thank you, Aya-chan. In fact, you've already helped make one unforgettable memory by getting on the wrong bus.
Aya: Ngh~... You can forget that one~.
All: Hahahaha.
Chisato: During this trip... let's all learn a lot and make sure we have a great time.
Aya: Yes! Ah, look over there! An apprentice geisha is taking a stroll! She's so pretty~. I wanna try wearing something like that~.
Kanon: I wonder if that's a kanzashi hairpin store over there.
Rinko: There are so many... captivating buildings around... Far off in the distance over there... Is that the five-storied pagoda...?
Chisato: ... Goodness me.
Sayo: It seems the excitement has taken over.
