event185-07 Ending: School Trip Forever!

Chisato and Sayo express their commitment. The fruitful school trip continues.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Room]

Chisato: It's a little chilly by the window. Are you okay, Sayo-chan?
Sayo: Yes. Thank you for your concern.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: During the afternoon, Shirasagi-san, you said something about accumulated experiences and change, and the prominence of these things...
Sayo: What you said gave me a bit of clarity... There was a fog looming inside of me, and I'd like to thank you for clearing it up.
Sayo: Roselia, myself included, is in the midst of a transformation. We're becoming a professional band, and our environment is changing... As a consequence, some people's attitudes toward us have changed.
Sayo: I was tormented by these overwhelming changes. And, it's a little embarrassing to say,  but I was feeling a little insecure.
Chisato: I see... But that's all very natural.
Chisato: Just because you have the support of an agency, that doesn't mean you need to go along with everything they say. That's not what Roselia wants, right?
Chisato: If that's the case, all of you have to decide is where you want to head. It doesn't matter that you don't have the experience or anything... Okay?
Chisato: All of you are free right now. Freedom entails insecurity, and that's frightening. But precisely because of that, it's also...
Sayo & Chisato: Incredibly exciting.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Fufu. Looks like you actually have it all figured out already.
Sayo: Hearing you say that makes me feel a little relieved.
Sayo: Having freedom is indeed scary. Not to mention the difficulty of having an increased burden of responsibility.
Sayo: At the same time, there's a sense of hope that we'll be able to make it through by our own efforts.
Sayo: I understood what I was feeling, but I couldn't put it into words... That is, until the conversation we had this afternoon.
Chisato: Changing or staying the same... Those choices can be applied to bands, too.
Sayo: To keep the old, or take in the new? Or to go in a different direction? Walking around, I can see how the trial and error of these choices have contributed to the beauty of Kyoto.
Sayo: How will things turn out? I am not sure. But I strongly felt how the people here wanted things to be improved.
Sayo: I want Roselia to be a band that exudes beauty and hope, just like what I feel when I'm in this city.
Chisato: If you want to achieve this, your efforts cannot be half-hearted.
Sayo: Of course, I'm determined.
Chisato: ... Sayo-chan, you are unexpectedly greedy.
Sayo: I could say the exact same thing about you.
Chisato: Pastel＊Palettes is going through the same trials and errors. We may have more experience as professionals, but don't forget that we're rivals from here on out.
Chisato: Let's both move forward as we work through our struggles.
Sayo: That's what I had hoped for.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - Morning]

Aya: Yawn~... I slept so well. Morning~.
Kanon: Morning. Yesterday was so much fun.
Chisato: Good morning, everyone. Looks like you all had a good night's sleep.
Rinko: Shirasagi-san... and Hikawa-san. Good morning.
Aya: Morning, you two~. Both of you are up and dressed already. You must've woken up very early.
Chisato: My goodness, Aya-chan... Is it really okay for you to be so relaxed right now?
Chisato: It's almost time for morning roll call. If you don't hurry back, the teachers will know you switched rooms.
Aya: Ahhh~! That's right!!
Aya: My things are here and here... Okay! Alright, I'm going, then! See you guys later~!
Chisato: Yes, see you later.
Sayo: ... It is a little later than planned, but there's plenty of time for her to make it back for roll call. Was it necessary to rush her like that?
Chisato: But if you don't remind her, she won't hurry at all. That's Aya-chan for you.
Kanon: Fufu, that's true.
Chisato: Alright, all of us should get ready, too. It'll be a big problem if we take our time and end up being late.
Rinko: As for today's schedule... we'll be traveling to Osaka first... Please don't forget anything in the hotel...
Kanon: Ah, the souvenirs! I ended up not getting everything yet...!
Sayo: There should be some free time after breakfast. We can finish buying them then.
Sayo: I still have to buy souvenirs and gifts for everyone in Roselia.
Kanon: Okay! I wonder what I should get for everyone in Hello, Happy World!
Rinko: Me too... I haven't... decided on a gift for... Ako-chan yet...
Kanon: With so many fantastic things to choose from, it's hard to decide, right? Let's do our best to pick out some fabulous souvenirs!
Chisato: Speaking of souvenirs... Why don't the five of us buy matching souvenirs to keep as a memento of this trip?
Rinko: Wow... I think... that's a great idea...
Sayo: How unexpected of you to make a suggestion like that, Shirasagi-san.
Chisato: You think so? Perhaps Aya-chan has- ... Wait, no. Perhaps everyone has rubbed off on me.
Sayo: Fufu... Anyhow, after we finish breakfast, how about we meet up with Maruyama-san and pick something out together?
Sayo: There are many small accessories, from key chains to small towels and even chopstick rests. I'm sure there will be plenty of things that catch our eyes.
Chisato: Yes. I agree.
Chisato: Our school trip is far from over. Of course, our main objective may be to learn...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: But we should also make more memories and enjoy student life to the fullest!
Kanon, Sayo & Rinko: Okay! Agreed. Yes...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
