event185-02 Chapter 1: Ancient Stage

The girls are going around a temple. As they're about to take pictures...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Temple]

Aya: Look at how high up we are! It's so impressive~!
Aya: Kanon-chan, let's take a picture together! Come on, strike a pose!
Kanon: Huh, a pose?! Fu-fuee...
Chisato: Aya-chan sure is chirpy, isn't she?
Sayo: Yes. But I very much understand the sentiment of wanting to take photos.
Rinko: This spacious setting and the expansive sky... makes for such beautiful scenery... The serene and quiet atmosphere is especially- H-huh? Shirasagi-san...?
Chisato: Rinko-chan, over here. Sorry, it got so crowded that I lost sight of you.
Sayo: Should we step to the side for a moment?
Rinko: Excuse me... Thank you very much...
Rinko: So many people here... are in school uniforms... I wonder... if they're on school trips like us...?
Chisato: Right. There are also a lot of tourists from overseas.
Sayo: Indeed... People come here from all over the world. This must be what it means to be a sightseeing destination.
Aya: Coming from all over the world, huh~? That's kinda amazing!
Aya: All these people usually live in different places, and yet, right now, we're looking at the same scenery. Just thinking about that is so exciting!
Kanon: Fufu. It's kind of like a concert.
Kanon: Oh, sorry for chiming in! It's just that concerts also give off that image of people gathering together from different places.
Sayo: This part of the temple was originally built in dedication to gagaku, or ancient Japanese court music, and Noh plays. In that sense, I don't think you're incorrect at all.
Aya: A concert... I see! So this place is a stage!
Chisato: Calling it a stage gives it a different nuance, though.
Rinko: Fufu... But somehow... it feels much more relatable now...
Aya: Say, let's take a picture together here! To remind us to work even harder on our own stages!
Kanon: Okay! But can everyone properly fit into the frame?
Aya: If we take it at the right angle, it should be fine...
Passerby: Excuse me, would you like me to take a photo for you?
Kanon: Huh...? Is that alright?!
Aya: Thank you so much! Here's my phone... All you need to do is push this button!
Aya: Everyone, gather together! Here we go~! Now, pose!
(White cut)
Chisato: What a nice person. They took so many photos for us...
Rinko: Yes... and the pictures turned out beauti- Ah!
Rinko: Uhm... There's... someone else... in this photo... posing behind Maruyama-san...
Aya: Whoa, you're right! And they have such a big smile on their face!
Chisato: I think this is called photobombing. I heard this happens quite often overseas, but I didn't expect us to encounter it in Kyoto of all places.
Aya: Really?! Wow~... Now, it really feels like we're on vacation!
Kanon: Fufu. It'll be fun to see what happens wherever we go next.
Aya: Yeah! With that in mind, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Temple]

Rinko: This place... has such a... solemn atmosphere...
Sayo: And it is a lot more spacious than I imagined.
Kanon: If I remember correctly, arrows are shot all the way to the other side of the hall, right?
Sayo: Yes. There's a target there for the arrows to be shot at. I believe it is a New Year's tradition here in Kyoto.
Sayo: The distance the arrow must travel is about twice that of a typical long-distance target. Moreover, it is considered a rule that the arrow must pass under the eaves.
Sayo: Tremendous strength must be used when drawing the bow to successfully hit the target... Fufu. It kind of makes you want to give it a try, doesn't it?
Rinko: Hikawa-san...I believe... you would... definitely be able to do it...
Sayo: With enough practice, I'm sure you could too, Shirokane-san.
Kanon: Speaking of which, Rinko-chan, you gave archery a try at the archery club, didn't you?
Aya: I really wanted to see that~! You should've at least taken a picture or something.
Chisato: Fufu... Eve-chan was telling us how nice you looked in the archery uniform, Rinko-chan. And you too, of course, Sayo-chan.
Rinko: O-oh... that's too much... But... I feel a little nostalgic thinking back on it...
Sayo: Nostalgia, huh...? Perhaps that's one of the true charms of being on a school trip.
Aya: Huh? What do you mean?!
Sayo: I was thinking about this when you called this place a stage. About how what we're feeling right now is because of events that have happened in the past.
Sayo: Because we've been in bands, and because we've been on stage... Because we've tried archery as a club activity...
Sayo: We can reflect on these memories and share them with those around us. Perhaps that is but one of the purposes of a school trip.
Chisato: To enjoy ourselves now while reflecting on the past, huh? I think that's a wonderful way to think about it.
Aya: In that case, I'm gonna take lots of photos to remember the fantastic times on this trip!
Kanon: Yeah. I'm sure that would be a good way to reflect on it!
Aya: Ehehe. Right, right? With that said~... Everyone, it's time to take a photo!
Aya: Obviously, we need to pose like this! And the people on this side should go like this!
Rinko: U-us... too...?
Kanon: Ahaha. Oh, Aya-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
