event185-04 Chapter 3: Exploring the Old Capital

The second day. The girls take a leisurely tour to fully enjoy Kyoto.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[School Excursion - Day Two]

[Outdoor Resting Area]

Aya: Phew, that was so much fun! It's really nice to have free time to do things on our own~!
Sayo: This way, we can take it easy and rest if needed.
Rinko: It has been...  very helpful... to be able to go at our own pace...
Chisato: I must say, I thought touring temples would require more formality, but it turned out to be a more casual experience than I expected.
Rinko: I really enjoyed... taking a closer look at the buildings... and drawing our fortunes... and such...
Chisato: Speaking of which, Kanon, you brought your goshuin-cho with you, right?
Kanon: Yeah. My stamp collection has increased so much just from today and yesterday.
Aya: Uhm... What's a goshuin-cho?
Kanon: A goshuin-cho is like a small notebook for collecting seal stamps. I guess that's how you can put it.
Kanon: And the seal stamps are, well... They're stamps that include the shrine or temple's name and the date. They act as proof that you've been to that location!
Kanon: Here, look at this.
Aya: Wow, that's so cool~! The calligraphy is so intense!
Chisato: Oh? Most of your stamps are from shrines and temples in Kyoto...
Kanon: Until now, I've had a hard time going to the places I wanted to... But, thanks to all of you, I have so many stamps now.
Sayo: Not only the temples, but the city streets themselves, too, have been fascinating.
Sayo: I can understand why even convenience stores and other chain stores have changed the color and font of their signs to match the cityscape.
Aya: Yup, yup! Thanks to that, the number of photos I have on my phone has gone through the roof.
Kanon: Wow, you're right. You've taken so many.
Rinko: There are pictures of... the temples, the streets... and the store signs, too... Fufu... Is this... the cat that walked by us earlier?
Aya: Yup! That cat was so cute I couldn't resist taking a photo!
Aya: Let's see, I think that's all the photos from today. From here on are pictures from when we played cards in our room yesterday.
Chisato: Fufu. It feels like your phone is your goshuin-cho, Aya-chan. Were you playing... Sevens?
Aya: We played a whole bunch of games! Old Maid, Sevens, Concentration, President... We even did... magic tricks!
Chisato: ... Like the one where you pull cards out of your mouth...? I think it's better if you don't do that one.
Kanon: A-ahaha...
Rinko: We also... played card games... but not for long, as we fell asleep quite quickly.
Aya: Is that so? I bet Chisato-chan was the first one to fall asleep.
Sayo: How did you know?
Aya: Because it's always like that with her!
Chisato: It's just that everyone else usually stays up too late.
All: Ahaha Fufu
Rinko: That reminds me... wasn't there a sign saying that... this café serves authentic Japanese tea...?
Aya: Yeah, yeah! Apparently, you can even try your hand at making a simple cup of tea!
Chisato: I wonder if those more spacious tables are used for that purpose. Since we're here, why don't we all give it a try?
Aya: Agreed! Besides, we have Kanon-chan with us, who is a part of the tea ceremony club. Master, please teach us how to do it!
Kanon: Fueee~, don't call me that~.
(Black cut)
Chisato: So, I should use about this much strength... Phew. Is this how it's done?
Kanon: Amazing! That was perfect, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: That's because you were so good at teaching, Kanon. Thanks to you, I was able to make this cup of tea.
Aya: Thanks, Kanon-chan!
Rinko: The tea ceremony club at Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy...is one of the more popular clubs... that people like to try...
Rinko: The atmosphere in the tea ceremony room is tranquil and pleasant... The teaching style of the club... is well known for being... gentle and easy to understand...
Kanon: But it's really thanks to everyone that I even have this reputation.
Kanon: At first, I wasn't any good at teaching others at all. I kept struggling with what to say...
Kanon: Still, I tried my best to develop a good teaching method by talking to Eve-chan and those who came to the club. I kept trying and trying... Eventually, I guess I got the hang of it.
Rinko: So, you're saying... you've changed... because of the experiences you've accumulated up until now...
Chisato: Accumulated experiences and change... I feel like being in this city brings to light the prominence of these things.
Kanon: Huh...?
Chisato: I thought about this when looking at the menu earlier. This shop offers traditional matcha tea while also selling chic, modern matcha desserts.
Chisato: Not just this shop, but the city itself too. This place embraces the new while firmly preserving and respecting its rich history.
Kanon: That's right. Changing the designs of the signs and such is an effort to incorporate the new, isn't it?
Chisato: I believe it is precisely the accumulation of both the "effort to change" and the "effort to stay the same" that makes Kyoto a world-class travel destination.
Kanon: Indeed... That accumulated effort must have been more extraordinary than anything we can imagine.
Aya: Oh, I've got it! I think I'll use this as the topic for my school trip report! It seems pretty deep, but I kind of want to give it a try...
Aya: It's decided then! I'm gonna give it all my effort, just like the city of Kyoto~!
Kanon: Fufufu, I think you'll definitely be able to write a good report, Aya-chan.
Chisato: I would love to read it once you're done.
Rinko: I'm also... looking forward to reading it...
Aya: Okay! I'll try my best!
Sayo: The effort to change... and the effort to stay the same... I think that is a very profound topic.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
