event185-05 Chapter 4: End of Day 2 ~Intermission~

Chisato and the girls are relaxing after their bath when Aya shows up.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Hallway]

Kanon: The bath sure felt wonderful~.
Rinko: Yes... That bath helped... wash away all my exhaustion...
Sayo: But I must say, I'm surprised how many skin care products you brought with you, Shirasagi-san.
Kanon: Aren't there more bottles and creams than yesterday?
Chisato: Not more, just different. I switch them around depending on the situation, or even my mood.
Rinko: Is that so...? That's incredible...
Chisato: Because of my job, I have to be more careful with my skin and hair compared to most people.
Chisato: Of course, eating right, getting enough sleep, and exercising is just as important. Vitamins and such should only be thought of as supplementary.
Sayo: I suppose what you're trying to say is that we shouldn't disregard the basics.
Aya: The same goes for being in a band. Our bodies are like gardens! We have to take really good care of them!
Chisato: Exactly- Wait, Aya-chan?!
Rinko: What are... you doing here...? Maruyama-san, I believe... your room is on the other side of the building...
Aya: Huh? Didn't you hear?! I'm meant to be swapping rooms with the girl who's in the same room as you guys...
Aya: It's our last day in Kyoto. No matter what, I want to stay with you all.
Sayo: Now that you mention it... there seemed to be talk of this from the people in your room...
Chisato: Right. You said you were close with some of the girls in Aya-chan's room.
Sayo: Yes. I thought it was just a joke, but I guess it's true.
Kanon: But is it really alright? If the teachers see you, they might get upset at you both.
Rinko: Yes, but... it's almost time for lights out now... Even if she returns to her room now...
Chisato: Let's just the five of us return to our room tonight.
Chisato: We'll get in trouble if we're too loud and a teacher finds us out here. Besides, it's not like any of us are against it, right?
Sayo: Shirasagi-san, you too? Well, I guess we don't have a choice.
Aya: Yay~! Okay, what are we waiting for? Let's go!
Kanon: Aya-chan, shhh. A teacher might hear us.
Chisato: My goodness...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hotel - Room]

Aya: I know~! That garden was seriously great~♪ How should I put it? I wanted to sit there staring at it forever!
Sayo: It felt like I finally realized the beauty of Japanese gardens...
Aya: Yes, exactly!
Kanon: For me, it has to be the row of one-thousand torii gates~. As I was walking through them, I had this strange feeling that I was being drawn in by something. It was bizarre.
Rinko: That was... quite the strange experience... It was as if...we were connected to another world...
Chisato: Every time I took a step, I had the impression that the temperature was slowly dropping.
Rinko: I understand that sentiment... There was a sacred air around that place.
Aya: I've really come to love Kyoto~. Sigh~, I hope I get to come back again~.
Chisato: Fufufu. In that case, let's come back again and again. I want to come back here myself.
Aya: Okay, we have to! It's a promise!
Kanon: Tomorrow, our bus will stop by Arashiyama, and then we'll head to Osaka, right?
Sayo: That's right. We still have to pack our luggage and get everything ready. It's probably best we wake up a little earlier.
Aya: ... Huh? Are we going to sleep already...?
Chisato, Sayo, Kanon & Rinko: ...
Aya: No, no, no! We should stay up and talk more~! Besides, we haven't even played cards yet!
Chisato: What's with you and playing cards?
Aya: It's not that I want to play cards. It's just a waste to go to sleep~.
Chisato: Aya-chan. Nobody said we were going to sleep.
Aya: Huh...?
Chisato: You're not the only one excited about being here. Remember what we talked about at the start of the trip?
Chisato: For everyone here, this is our last school excursion. I, for one, am planning to enjoy every last minute.
Aya: Chisato-chan~!
Rinko: That is how I feel, too... of course... I'm having the best time... being here, talking with everyone...
Kanon: Fufufu, the night is just getting started, right?
Sayo: Yes, but... we must make sure we don't get caught by the teachers...
Sayo: What I'm trying to say is the five of us are... accomplices.
All: Fufufufu... Hahahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
