event185-03 Chapter 2: End of Day 1 ~Intermission~

During their free time at the hotel, the girls stop by the souvenir shops...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Evening]

[Hotel - Hallway]

Chisato: Now that dinner is over, all that's left is to rest in our rooms.
Kanon: Ooh, I think I ate a little too much...
Rinko: M-me too...
Sayo: I wonder if that too is one of the true charms of being on a school trip.
Chisato: It just goes to show how delicious the dinner was.
Kanon: There was such a variety of dishes, too. I was surprised that the soup for Kyoto-style udon is so light in color, but you can still really taste the broth.
Sayo: There were stewed vegetables, braised burdock root, and even dried bean curd. While trying many different foods is enjoyable, I learned it can also be dangerous.
Rinko: Yes... But it was a little sad... that Maruyama-san... wasn't at the table with us...
Chisato: It was a pity indeed, but it couldn't be helped since she's in a different class.
Chisato: We have a free day tomorrow, though. We can talk with her then while touring the streets of Kyoto.
Sayo: Fufu... That's true.
Sayo: Before we return to our rooms, should we stop by the souvenir shops? Since we have time now, I'd like to see what kind of souvenirs they have.
Chisato: Yes, we might have trouble deciding and end up not having enough time to buy anything.
Kanon: Okay! Let's go, let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hotel - Shopping Area]

Rinko: There are... so many shops here...
Chisato: Come to think of it, the hotel's website did say that there's a well-stocked souvenir area.
Kanon: It's hard to decide which store to go to... Ah, look! There's also a giant arcade!
Sayo: You're right. Judging by the outside, it looks like it has a good selection of games...
Rinko: There seem to be... fighting games, rhythm games... and a variety of medal games...
Sayo: Oh? Isn't that the arcade version of NFO over in that corner...?
Rinko: Ah, it is too... Ako-chan used to play it so much... but you don't often see it... in Tokyo anymore...
Chisato: You two. You're not thinking of secretly going in there later, are you?
Rinko: S-sorry... I wasn't planning on it...
Sayo: Going into arcades is forbidden during school trips... I have... no intention of going to take a look.
Chisato: Really, are you sure about that?
Aya: Finally, I found you guys~! So this is where you all were~.
Rinko: Maruyama-san...
Aya: Wasn't dinner so good~? Especially the Kyoto-style udon! I was so impressed I wanted to cry!
Kanon: Fufufu, we were just talking about that.
Chisato: Alright, it's great we're all here now. Let's take our time looking at the souvenirs.
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Kanon: I think my mom would love this. And this one is for my dad. And then-
Rinko: Matsubara-san... You have so much... in your basket... Isn't it... heavy...?
Kanon: No, it's fine. Thanks for checking, Rinko-chan.
Chisato: Actually, perhaps it would be better to come back and buy all of that tomorrow.
Chisato: Even if you bought it all today, you would just be leaving it in the hotel room.
Kanon: Huh? But I thought I heard someone say that you can get it sent ahead through the hotel reception...
Sayo: You can. I made use of that service just now. The process went quite smoothly.
Chisato: I guess there's that approach. Wait, Sayo-chan, that means you've already finished buying your souvenirs...
Homeroom Teacher: Oh, Hikawa-san, and everyone else. I see you've already started shopping.
Kanon: Hello! Yes... Looking at all the different kinds makes me want to buy everything...
Homeroom Teacher: Fufu. I remember that feeling. But you only have so much allowance, so be sure to pick things carefully, okay?
Homeroom Teacher: But more importantly, Maruyama-san. Isn't your class going to the baths soon?
Aya: Huh? Is bathing separated by class, too?!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: If I don't hurry, I won't be able to get in! I'll see you tomorrow, guys!
Chisato: Don't run in the hallway!
Rinko: I hope she... makes it in time...
Homeroom Teacher: I'm sure she'll be fine. Make sure you girls also leave room to spare as you move around.
Sayo: Yes. We will be careful.
Homeroom Teacher: Alright, I should get going, then... Ahh, right. Just a reminder, make sure you don't go into the arcade, okay? Even if it's by mistake.
Sayo & Rinko: ...
Sayo: O-okay... Of course, we understand.
Homeroom Teacher: Well, I know none of you would, but it's my duty to remind you anyhow. Alright, have a good night.
Rinko: G-good... night...
Chisato: ... Well, we shouldn't let our teacher down. We should probably head back to our room soon.
Kanon: Ahaha...
