event185-06 Chapter 5: A Night Chat

The girls keep chatting without any sign that they'll run out of things to say.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hotel - Room]

Chisato: I can't believe we manage to listen to your story all the way to the end...
Rinko: I'm sorry... I got... a little carried away...
Aya: Ohh~, that was so scary~! Rinko-chan, your story was way too spooky~.
Kanon: Aya-chan... You're tearing up.
Aya: The question is, how did we end up telling scary stories? We were chatting about fun things at first.
Sayo: Wasn't it because of that? The guidebook we received from the temple that had its origins written in it...
Aya: Ah, right! I didn't think we would go from that to such a terrifying story~.
Chisato: Fufufu, we got lots of guidebooks from the temples and shrines. There may be many more spooky stories to come.
Aya: R-Rinko-chan... No more scary stories, okay?
Rinko: I'm sorry... I didn't think... you would get this scared...
Kanon: Speaking of guidebooks, do you remember that time we made one on the One Hundred Poems for the karuta tournament and handed it out to everyone?
Aya: Ah, yes, I do! That sure brings back memories~... We asked Rinko-chan for help, and she was able to find the perfect book for us almost instantly...
Rinko: Yes, that did happen... It feels like... not that long ago...
Aya: Seriously, thank you for helping us that time.
Chisato: I'm sure Rinko-chan has been of considerable help not only then but on this school trip, too.
Chisato: For example, you helped show us which pamphlets to look at when we went around the temples during the afternoon.
Rinko: All of you... are always taking care of me... I'm happy if I can return the favor... even just a bit...
Rinko: Moreover... I want to take this moment... to express my gratitude to everyone...
Kanon: Hmm? Is it for anything in particular?
Rinko: When I am with everyone... I get to experience so many things I wouldn't have on my own... I find it really enjoyable.
Rinko: For example, posing for a photo... at the temple... I wouldn't have been able to do that... if it weren't for all of you.
Chisato: I agree with you wholeheartedly.
Chisato: And not just because of Aya-chan, but because all of you are here, I've been able to experience various things. I can recall many instances myself.
Kanon: Would this be another example of the "accumulated experiences" we were talking about this afternoon?
Rinko: Yes, I believe so...
Rinko: My relationships with everyone... have led me to many new experiences... And those accumulated experiences... make me who I am today...
Chisato: ... And my experiences will continue to accumulate from here on out.
Chisato: What a terrific way to think about it.
Aya: Yeah! I'm super moved right now!
Aya: It's so much fun gathering here and talking about events that have happened in the past! Oh, it really feels like we're on a school trip!
Chisato: Yes. Without opportunities like this, it might be hard to find the time to reflect on our past experiences.
Chisato: Besides, these types of conversations... are a little embarrassing to have usually.
Kanon: Ehehe. But I'm glad we were able to have them.
Rinko: I also... agree...
Aya: Oh, right! I made an album in our school trip chat earlier. Make sure to upload your photos in there, okay?
Aya: We should keep lots of pictures of this trip so we can remember it whenever we want!
Kanon: Fufu, I actually have a picture of this moment, too. And of when Aya-chan was tearing up because of Rinko-chan's story.
Aya: What~?! When did you take that?!
Chisato: We're idols, you know? You should never let our guard down. Fufufu.
Aya: Sigh~. We're going to Osaka tomorrow, huh~? I'm sure we'll have a lot of fun there, too~.
Kanon: I can't wait to go to the amusement park.
Aya: We all have to go on a roller coaster together, okay?!
Chisato, Sayo, Kanon & Rinko: ...
Aya: ... Huh? We will... right? We're going to an amusement park, so we have to~!
Chisato: Aya-chan... Shh. You're being really loud right now...
(Black cut)
Chisato: Is everyone exhausted from talking? They're all sound asleep.
Sayo: Another reason might be that everyone is tired from walking around so much in the afternoon. I know my legs are sore from all that walking.
Chisato: Oh, yours too, Sayo-chan? Same here, actually.
Chisato: Looks like it's going to take longer to do my stretches.
Sayo: That sounds rough.
Sayo: ...
Sayo: Say, Shirasagi-san. Do you mind if we continue talking? ... We can do it while you're stretching.
Chisato: Sure, of course. Is there something on your mind?
Sayo: How should I say this? I guess the best way would be, right...
Sayo: Shirasagi-san, I wanted to thank you.
Chisato: I don't recall doing anything special for you, Sayo-chan... This conversation sounds more intense than I expected.
Chisato: Perhaps it's not one to have while stretching.
Chisato: Why don't we move over closer to the window? The moon is beautiful tonight.
Chisato: Isn't this the perfect setting for us to converse quietly?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
