event167-03 Chapter 2: Tatsunoshin's Teachings

Suspicions grow over Aya's behavior. Eve believes she knows the cause...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Eve: Um, Aya-san. Would you like to go to the knick-knack shop after school today? I found some cute, Japanese-style accessories!
Aya: Ah, sorry, Eve-chan...! I've got plans I really can't skip out on today, so I can't go with you.
Eve: I see... Well then, let us go some other time!
Aya: Sure. Thanks for inviting me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Eve: Aya-san, I will be going to see a movie tomorrow. Would you like to join me?
Eve: It is about a righteous ninja corps that continually punishes an evil ninja corps! I am sure that you will like it as well!
Aya: That sounds kind of interesting, but it's tomorrow, huh~...? I actually have something I need to take care of again tomorrow... Let's go some other day!
Eve: O-okay, I understand.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Eve: Aya-san, there is an exhibition on Japanese swords that started today at a nearby museum, so let's go see it!
Eve: They even have pieces from famous swordsmiths, so it will definitely be fun!
Aya: Umm~... Actually, I have plans again today...
Eve: Ohh, I had thought you would jump at the chance to go to a Japanese sword exhibition...
Aya: I'm really sorry! I'll absolutely make it up to you next time!
Eve: Not at all. If you have plans, then it cannot be helped! However... you seem to be busy lately. Are you doing something after school?
Aya: I-I'm not doing anything~! Oh~, Eve-chan, you're so silly~!
Eve: Huh? But it seems like you always say you have something to do...
Aya: Ah! U-umm~, that's~...
Aya: That's it! It's just been bad timing and I've had some small errands pile up! That's all it is!
Eve: Is that really so...? Aya-san, if you are having some trouble, please tell me!
Aya: Th-there's no trouble! It's just, uh~...
Aya: ... No, I still can't say anything about it yet.
Eve: Huh...?!
Aya: I'm sorry! Anyway, it's nothing, so don't worry about it!
Aya: W-well, I've got to get ready to go home, so I'll be gooing!
Eve: Aya-san!
Eve: She is gone...
Chisato: Oh, Eve-chan? It's rare to find you in front of one of the third-year student classrooms.
Eve: Chisato-san...! Actually, I came to invite Aya-san out. Lately, it seems like I have not been able to have a leisurely conversation with her...
Chisato: She does seem to be quite busy lately. And it appears she doesn't want to tell us why either... Is that worrying you, Eve-chan?
Eve: Th-that is right! How did you know?
Chisato: Fufu, you and Aya-chan are both quite open with how you feel, so I can more or less guess what you're thinking.
Chisato: That's why I will say this to you now. I don't think you need to worry too much about her.
Eve: Really...?
Chisato: Yes. After all, she does not look to have very serious worries right now. Although, I realize that since you are so kind, you may be worried about her.
Eve: But it is a fact that she is hiding something. She was even so flustered just before that she fumbled her goodbye.
Eve: Also, this situation...
Eve: It is just like the fourteenth episode of "The Lone Swordsman"!
Chisato: ... I'm sorry, what did you say just now?
Eve: "The Lone Swordsman"! Do you not remember the episode that you performed in?
Chisato: N-no, I remember it. I'm just having trouble making a connection between that and the current situation...
Eve: The fourteenth episode of "The Lone Swordsman" starts with your character's mother suddenly becoming unsociable, right?
Chisato: Yes. She stubbornly refuses to say why, and it's revealed she had actually been tempted by someone wicked and was about to commit a crime... I believe that is how the story went.
Eve: Yes. It seems Aya-san has also suddenly become busy lately. And no matter how many times I ask, she will not tell me the reason...
Chisato: The situation may be the same, but reality and fiction are different, Eve-chan. We've had this conversation before.
Eve: But I am talking about "what if." What if Aya-san is actually caught up in some wrongdoing...?
Eve: It will mean I learned nothing from "The Lone Swordsman". If that were to happen, I would not be able to face the protagonist, Tatsunoshin!
Eve: Even Tatsunoshin said that turning a blind eye despite sensing evil around oneself is in itself evil!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan, why don't you calm down a little?
Chisato: I know. How about we both go and ask Aya-chan the reason why she's been so busy lately?
Chisato: (Eve-chan is getting fired up, almost as if a switch was flipped inside of her, but she should calm down after a day or so...)
Aya: Huh? Eve-chan, Chisato-chan. Do the two of you not need to get ready to go home?
Chisato: Ah, Aya-chan...! Why are you coming here now?
Aya: Huh? Well, if I don't pass through this hallway, I can't get to the shoe racks...
Eve: Aya-san...! May I speak to you once more?!
Chisato: (If Eve-chan keeps making such a prying face, Aya-chan will...)
Aya: U-um~... I'm sorry, Eve-chan! I'm in a hurry... See you two tomorrow!
Eve: Ah, Aya-san! Ngh, she is gone...
Chisato: So she is...
Eve: Since it has come to this, we have no choice but to discover the truth.
Chisato: We...? Um, it feels as though I am included in your headcount for some reason...
Eve: If we follow Aya-san, I am sure we will be able to figure things out! Let's go, Chisato-san!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan?! Wait a second!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
