event167-07 Ending: Eve's Daily Diligence

The girls tune into Eve's show. The voice on the other side is cheerful again.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit!
Hina & Aya: Bang!
Maya: Oh, is that Eve-san's radio program?
Aya: Yeah. It starts just as our rehearsal ends, so we were talking about listening to it together before going home.
Hina: I love calling out the name of this segment~.
Chisato: You also seem to enjoy doing the same call when we perform "Unite! From A To Z" during a concert.
Hina: Yeah! After doing the "Bang!" with some pizazz, I can go straight into the "chicka chicka," so it feels really boppin'♪
Aya: What does that even mean?
Chisato: I vaguely understand what she is saying...
Maya: Ahaha... Ah, listen. Eve-san's started reading the emails from her listeners.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Radio Booth]

Eve: Now then, here is an email from a listener named "Kumapon"-san.
Eve: "I'm in a concert band. We all practiced a lot for a competition, but I was the only one who made a mistake during the actual performance."
Eve: "I'm worried that my band friends might be exasperated with me, and I feel awkward seeing them... Eve-chan, please give me some motivation and bravery!"
Eve: I see. "Kumapon"-san, you are feeling somewhat cowardly right now. I shall properly give you some new motivation. Prepare yourself!
Eve: How was that? Do you feel motivated?
Eve: "Kumapon"-san, if you have worked diligently in your band, then your friends should know many of your good points.
Eve: So do not be afraid, and please believe in your friends and your past self.
Eve: I am certain all of your friends are waiting for you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Eve-chan...!
Aya: Sigh~... I totally get how "Kumapon"-san feels~.
Hina: Huh? Do you still worry about that, Aya-chan?
Aya: O-of course I do~!
Hina: Hmm. No matter how many mistakes you make, it's not a big deal.
Aya: Hina-chan... Ehehe, thanks.
Hina: I mean, if we got fed up every time you made a mistake, Pastel＊Palettes would've disbanded a long time ago, right?
Aya: Aww~! Why do you have to say it like that~?!
Chisato: Come on, you two. Right now, let's just listen to Eve-chan's radio program, all right?
Hina & Aya: Okay~.
Maya: I think this every time, but Eve-san's radio program really cheers me up.
Aya: Mhm. It's like I can feel her words coming right through to me.
Chisato: She openly talks about the things she feels, so I imagine that resonates with her listeners as well.
Maya: This radio program is already one of Eve-san's most prominent assets as an idol.
Chisato: Right. The staff have talked to us about increasing what we can do as idols... but Eve-chan accomplished that naturally before even being told to do so.
Aya: I see~... Okay, I'll do my best with practicing my magic tricks too!
Chisato: I'm not sure if magic tricks will work as your new asset...
Eve: Everyone, do you remember how I talked about wanting to increase what I can do as an idol the other day?
Hina: Ah, it looks like Eve-chan's gonna talk about that now too.
Aya: Wow. It's just a coincidence, but it makes me happy to think that our hearts are kinda connected!
Eve: There is actually a member among Pastel＊Palettes that has started something new recently.
Eve: That is our leader, Aya-san!
Chisato: Eve-chan, are you going to bring up the other day...?
Aya: Hm?
Eve: It seems that Aya-san has been practicing magic tricks lately so she can unveil them at one of our concerts!
Chisato: I thought as much...
Aya: Aww~, I was planning on doing it as a surprise~!
Chisato: Now that she has announced it on the radio, you really will have no choice but to do it at a show sometime...
Eve: She showed me one of her tricks once, and it was so surprising! You may not believe it, but playing cards appeared out of her mouth.
Eve: It would appear she is currently hard at work practicing magic wand tricks! Aya-san is doing her best right now to show everyone her enjoyable magic.
Eve: It will most certainly be wonderful, so please look forward to it, everyone!
Aya: Eve-chan, you're raising the bar too high...!
Maya: I'm certain she is genuinely looking forward to it and simply wants to share those feelings with her listeners...
Hina: Ahaha, Eve-chan really is interesting♪
Chisato: Sigh... I suppose I should try speaking with her again tomorrow...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
