event167-06 Chapter 5: Chisato and Bushido

Eve admits her mistake, and Chisato offers her some words...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Residential Area]

Hina: Whoa, look at the time! It's been fun, but we better head home soon.
Aya: Right. I'm a little sad to go, but we'll be able to see each other at rehearsal tomorrow.
Eve: Yes, I will see you all tomorrow...
Maya: Um, Eve-san. I might be overstepping here, but please don't feel too down.
Eve: O-okay! Thank you very much.
Maya: Well then, see you all tomorrow.
Hina: Bye-bye!
Chisato: Goodbye. See you all tomorrow.
Chisato: Well then, shall we be going as well? From this point, we'll be taking the same path until the traffic light midway.
Eve: Yes, let us be on our way.
Chisato: Incidentally, I wonder if Aya-chan is seriously considering performing magic tricks during a concert.
Eve: Who can say... Since she is going to the trouble of practicing, I would like for her to perform them...
Chisato: I don't know... To be honest, I can't picture a future where her tricks liven up a concert.
Eve: ...
Chisato: ...
Chisato: Say, Eve-chan. Let's have a little chat about what happened today.
Eve: O-okay...!
Chisato: First, you're aware of the things you did wrong, right?
Eve: Yes. There were so many, but the biggest one... was that I did not listen to you and Maya-san when the two of you tried to stop me...
Chisato: Right. We talked before about how reality and fiction are different, didn't we?
Chisato: I'm sure you know this, but there aren't many clear-cut bad guys out there like the villains that appear in period dramas.
Chisato: Representations in all works of fiction, and not just period dramas, are distorted so that they're more easily understood. "The Lone Swordsman" is no exception.
Eve: Right...
Eve: I may have been seeking out evil simply because I wanted to be like Tatsunoshin from "The Lone Swordsman".
Eve: My desire to be righteous created an evil that did not even exist...
Eve: I am still very inexperienced in the ways of bushido. I wish there was a hole that I could crawl into...!
Chisato: You seem to be thoroughly reflecting on your actions.
Chisato: In which case, let's end the conversation here.
Eve: B-but...!
Chisato: Eve-chan. I... no, all of us in Pastel＊Palettes know that the righteousness inside of you is real.
Eve: Huh...?
Chisato: You have always fought against what you thought was wrong without running away.
Chisato: Your bravery and strength of conviction have saved Pastel＊Palettes many times. You may not be aware of that yourself though...
Eve: D-do you think so...? Whenever the band is in a crisis, I always get so frantic...
Chisato: Yes. You're always frantically facing the other members of the band and our audience with your true feelings.
Chisato: Eve-chan, do you remember when the band looked like it might go on hiatus?
Eve: Of course!
Eve: Everyone's individual assignments were increasing, and the time we could be together as Pastel＊Palettes lessened… I was so very worried.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: At the time, you asked me if I loved Pastel＊Palettes, didn't you?
Chisato: After hearing your words, I was able to confront my feelings once more.
Chisato: And that was when I also realized something else.
Chisato: There are times when I am restricted by reason and the balance of loss and gain, and lose sight of my true feelings. But if you are by my side, you'll always remind me of those feelings.
Chisato: That is why, even though I may have been at your mercy this time around...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: I would like you to continue being straightforward and honest with your feelings.
Eve: Ch-Chisato-san!
Eve: N-nghhh~...
Chisato: Oh my, you're so overcome with emotion today.
Eve: That is because I am just so happy... to hear such a thing from you...
Eve: Chisato-san, I love you~!
Chisato: Kya!
Chisato: Oh, Eve-chan... Now, now, calm down. Ufufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
