event167-04 Chapter 3: Someone I Want to Protect

Eve's earnest desire to protect Aya from nefarious forces leads to chaos!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Residential Area]

Hina: I'm kinda hungry~. Hey, Maya-chan. Wanna drop by Tsugu-chan's place?
Maya: You mean Hazawa Coffee? Sure.
Hina: Then it's settled~! ... Hm? Hey, Maya-chan. That's Eve-chan and Chisato-chan over there, right?
Maya: Ah, it is too. They seem to be on their way home from school, so why don't we invite them to come with us to Hazawa Coffee?
Hina: Hmm, I don't mind, but... take a look at where the two of them are looking.
Maya: What are they looking at...? Wait, isn't that Aya-san? I wonder why they aren't calling out to her. If anything, they seem to be following her...
Hina: The three of them... might be up to something interesting.
(Black cut)
Eve: Chisato-san! Hurry, this way! Aya-san is going to get away.
Chisato: Eve-chan, why don't we head home soon?
Eve: No, we must not! We cannot afford to retreat without fulfilling our goal!
Chisato: But we have preparations for rehearsal tomorrow, and we can't afford to be out too late.
Eve: In that case, there is nothing to worry about. I washed my rehearsal outfit yesterday, so I only have to pack the other items in my bag!
Chisato: I-I see... In that case, what about the script for All Fun and Games?
Chisato: You've had your radio recordings lately, so I thought you might have been putting it off. You should get home and give it a thorough read.
Eve: That is also not a problem! I have already memorized it perfectly so that I do not cause trouble for Pastel＊Palettes or the staff.
Chisato: Eve-chan, why are you being so earnest...?!
Eve: ...? Is being earnest a bad thing...?
Chisato: No, it's not. If anything, it would be helpful if you were this way normally...
Eve: Gasp! Chisato-san, Aya-san has taken out her smartphone! She may be contacting the mastermind.
Chisato: I'm telling you, there isn't a mastermind, Eve-chan...
Hina: Ah, hello? Aya-chan~?
Chisato & Eve: Huh?!
Hina: Yeah, yep. You mean our next location shoot, right? That should be all we need. Talk to you later!
Maya: Hina-san, that was Aya-san calling just now, wasn't it? Was it okay not to say anything about us being this close by?
Hina: Yeah. I mean, it seems more fun that way!
Maya: More fun she says...
Eve: Hina-san, Maya-san. Why are you here?!
Hina: Shh! Aya-chan will notice if your voice is too loud!
Eve: Gasp! Y-you are right...!
Chisato: We seem to be fine for the moment. Although, I wish she would notice us...
Maya: Um, what are the two of you doing? From our perspective, it pretty much looks like you're following Aya-san.
Eve: That is right. We are secretly following her!
Maya: What?! W-why are you doing that?!
(Black cut)
Maya: I see. So that is why Eve-san did what she did and is now watching over Aya-san...
Eve: ...
Maya: I also don't believe that whatever she is hiding is all that serious. Shouldn't we directly ask her for the reason some other day?
Chisato: I told her that as well. But she won't listen to me at all.
Chisato: I had no idea that she would be this unstoppable...
Hina: I think stopping Eve-chan once she's set her mind on doing something will be tough even for you, Chisato-chan.
Maya: Is that something you should be saying, Hina-san...?
Hina: I mean, she's totally about the whole "following through with what you decide" aspect of bushido. There haven't really been many times she's given up before now.
Maya: Now that you mention it... when there was an argument amongst our fans, she intervened despite Chisato-san stopping her.
Chisato: I had also worried she wouldn't compromise with the policies of her radio program, and in the end, it went in her desired direction...
Hina: Eve-chan's more stubborn than you think, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: That would appear to be the case...
Hina: For now, I'm gonna go with her. I get the feeling that things are gonna be boppin'♪
Chisato: Hina-chan, this isn't the time to be amused.
Eve: Gasp! Aya-san is on the move! Everyone, let us follow her.
Maya: Agh, please wait, Eve-san!
Aya: Ah, this is the knick-knack shop I was talking about with Eve-chan~. Maybe I'll go in and take a little look.
Eve: Everyone, stop! Stop! Aya-san has stopped in front of the knick-knack shop down there.
Maya: S-stopping is all well and good, but~...
Chisato: All of us are clearly visible in the reflection of the shop's window...
Eve: Y-you are right! Let's hide in the shadow of that power pole! Come, everyone, get behind me.
Maya: P-please don't pull me so suddenly~!
Aya: Hm? I think something just moved near the window...
Hina: Isn't it impossible for four people to hide behind a pole?
Chisato: Right. At the very least, I think it is obvious that people are present...
Eve: I-it will be fine! Probably...!
Aya: (Some people hid behind that power pole just now. They looked like girls in school uniforms, but I wonder...)
Aya: (Are they my fans?!)
Aya: (They don't have to hide so desperately... But I know how they feel. If I saw my favorite idol in town, I'd probably be nervous and wouldn't be able to speak to her.)
Aya: (Or maybe they're the type to want to watch me from far away...? In that case, I should pretend I didn't see them.)
Aya: (... Huh? Is it already this late?! I'm sorry, I have to get going...!)
Maya: Did Aya-san notice us? She suddenly started fidgeting...
Eve: I get the feeling that Aya-san will be stepping away from the shop! Everyone, please hide your faces in the shadow of the power pole!
Aya: ...!
Chisato: What was that wink just now...? It felt a bit like fan service...
Hina: Who knows? There are times when I can't really tell what Aya-chan is thinking.
Eve: Phew... It would seem that we were not discovered. That was a close call.
Hina: How did we not get caught just now? You and Aya-chan are both so funny!
Maya: How should I put this? The things that Eve-san does are quite straightforward, so she may not be suited for tailing people.
Chisato: I would very much like for Eve-chan or Aya-chan to realize what's going on. Either one of them would be fine...
Eve: Ah, everyone! Aya-san has entered a suspicious back alley!
Chisato: You're right... Who knew there was a road as narrow as this here. What exactly could Aya-chan have to do here?
Eve: I am beginning to genuinely detect signs of trouble...! No matter what happens, I will absolutely protect Aya-san.
