event167-01 Opening: The Masterpiece Is

Chisato is unsettled when Eve mentions a certain period drama on the radio.

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shirasagi Residence - Chisato's Room]

Chisato: Once the quiz explanation is over, everyone else will move to the panelist seats... Eve-chan will sit next to me as my assistant...
Chisato: Oh my, is it that time already? I'm glad I set an alarm before I started reading the script.
Chisato: Let me see, Eve-chan's radio program is... Ah, here it is.
Eve: Good evening, everyone! It is time for this week's "All Days＊Bushido" with your host Eve Wakamiya from Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: On this program, I ask for letters from all of my listeners. Please send any troubles you wish to consult with me on, or your impressions on the program itself, to the official website!
Chisato: Fufu, her voice is so lively... Eve-chan seems to be enjoying her radio assignment.
Eve: Recently, I have been fortunate enough to receive so many letters that I cannot present them all.
Eve: However, I have been reading all of the emails that I have received! Everyone, as always, thank you so very much.
Chisato: I was worried how things would turn out when the radio program first started, but I am so glad it happened...
Eve: Now then, let us move to one of our favorite segments! "Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang!"
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Radio Booth]

Eve: Here is an email from listener "Norigohan"-san. Thank you for always giving your impressions on the program! Let me see, "Norigohan"-san writes...
Eve: "I'm not good at physical exercise. I worry I will get laughed at even if I try my best, so I end up not really trying. Eve-chan, please encourage me and give me some motivation!"
Eve: I know how you feel, "Norigohan"-san. There are times when you worry about what other people think.
Eve: However, I think that being too wary of attention and losing the opportunity for improvement is an awful waste.
Eve: "Norigohan"-san, if you truly wish to do your best, you must not lie to your own heart.
Eve: I shall give you new motivation so that you will be able to dispel your timidity! Prepare yourself~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[30 Minutes Later]

Eve: It is once again time for our final segment of the day. "Eve Wakamiya's Daily Diligence!"
Chisato: Oh my, is it ending already? It almost feels like it went by in the blink of an eye... It seems I became lost in it.
Eve: In this segment, I will report the results of my daily training as well as my thoughts to everyone.
Eve: As a matter of fact, the other day, I had the opportunity to have a conversation perfect for this segment with staff from my talent agency.
Eve: We talked about how great it would be if all of us in Pastel＊Palettes could increase what we can do as idols.
Chisato: Come to think of it, we did talk about that as we were leaving.
Chisato: It was only light chatter, but... Eve-chan took it seriously.
Eve: It is true that if I could perform like Chisato-san, it might expand my opportunities for theater and dramas.
Eve: Of course, I know that I cannot master everything overnight. Even Chisato-san has her current skills from studying acting since she was a child.
Eve: Lately, I have been re-watching the works with her child roles, and once again realized that she really has put in a great deal of effort.
Chisato: She's talking about the works from my days as a child actress...? Is she referring to "The City of Solitude"? Or maybe "Mako the Kid Detective"?
Eve: Surely a few of you among my listeners have already seen the work I am talking about.
Eve: Yes, it is the masterpiece period drama, "The Lone Swordsman"!
Chisato: Sh-she watched quite an old performance of mine... That was from around when I had just debuted...
Eve: Chisato-san plays the role of a townsperson's child, and the sight of her calling her mother "Mama~" is earnest and so very cute!
Chisato: The fact that my earnestness surfaced like that is actually embarrassing for me now... I wonder if Eve-chan won't move on to the next topic already...
Eve: "The Lone Swordsman" is a classic period drama filled with bushido where the protagonist saves the weak and crushes the strong. After seeing it many times, I have become an utter fan.
Eve: The episode where Chisato-san made an appearance is a heartwarming story about the bond between parent and child.
Eve: During the climax, I cried at hearing Chisato-san's "Mama~" line.
Eve: Her line is really amazing.
Chisato: Eve-chan... I think that's about enough about me.
Eve: The protagonist's fight at the end where they shout during their strike to punish evil was also truly magnificent!
Eve: Video streaming websites have begun streaming the show lately, so please do watch it, everyone.
Eve: By the way, Chisato-san mainly appeared in the fourteenth episode, "Close Call! Follow the Missing Bribe!"
Eve: Chisato-san's "Mama~" scene is a must-see for all fans!
Chisato: Eve-chan, enough with that line already...!
Eve: Oh yes, there is another episode besides that one where Chisato-san makes a guest appearance, and her "Mama~" is in that one was also...
Chisato: Eve-chan, please stop...!
