event167-05 Chapter 4: Infiltrating the Main Keep

Eve discovers the whereabouts of the mastermind, but Aya is already in danger!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Back Alley Building]

Eve: Aya-san was heading for this building...
Maya: Ngh, it's kind of gloomy even though it's midday... Is it because this is an old building?
Hina: This place kinda has an atmosphere to it~. It feels perfect for some bad guys to have a secret meeting!
Eve: You are right. The inner citadel might be close!
Chisato: Hina-chan, please do not encourage Eve-chan any further.
Hina: What~? I wasn't doing that~.
Eve: ...! I can sense someone's presence from the room at the back!
Hina: Ah, you're right. If you listen really carefully, you can hear voices.
Eve: Aya-san should be in there as well. Let us approach carefully so we are not discovered. Tiptoe silently...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: M-me...?!
Eve: Did you hear that, everyone?! I hear Aya-san's voice on the other side of this door!
Chisato: You're right... There seems to be a number of other people in the room as well.
Maya: Judging by the voices speaking, there are three... no, four people including Aya-san.
Eve: Could it be a secret meeting...?!
Hina: Ahh, could this be like those scenes in period dramas where someone gets handed a bribe in a sweets box?
Chisato: Hina-chan...!
Hina: Ahaha, I'm kidding, I'm kidding♪
Aya: I can't do it...!
Chisato & Eve: ...!
Eve: J-just now...
Chisato: That was Aya-chan's voice. I wonder what happened that would make her raise her voice so suddenly...
Aya: I-I can't do it... To take a sword like this...
Aya: And just stab someone!
Maya & Eve: What?!
Eve: I-it seems like Aya-san is involved in something terrible.
Chisato: Eve-chan, I understand how you might feel, but calm down. We might have misheard her, and we cannot just rush into the room.
Aya: I should just go for it...? Okay. I will give it a try!
Eve: A-Aya-san, you must not!
Maya: Ah! Eve-san, please wait!
Eve: Chisato-san, Maya-san, please do not stop me. Retreating now would disgrace me as a warrior!
Eve: Pardon me!
Aya: E-Eve-chan?!
Eve: Eve Wakamiya is on the scene!
Chisato: Everyone, we are sorry for barging in like this...!
Aya: Chisato-chan! Maya-chan and Hina-chan are here too... Why are all of you here?
Maya: Umm, it's a long story...
Eve: Aya-san, please put that sword down right now!
Aya: Huh? But I'm going to practice now...
Eve: You must not practice stabbing a person in a box! ... Wait, a box...?
Eve: Why is there a person inside of this fancy box with their head sticking out?
Hina: I've seen something like this on TV! It's that one trick where even if you stab the sword into the box, the person inside is totally fine!
Chisato: Right. Could this be...
Aya: Yeah. It's a magic class.
Eve: I-it is...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Back Alley]

Aya: I see. So you were that worried about me, Eve-chan... I'm sorry.
Eve: No, I am the one who is so very sorry!
Eve: I rushed to the wrong conclusion and ended up bothering all the people in your class...!
Aya: Whoa, there's no need to apologize like that~! When I explained the situation to the teacher and other students, they all laughed, so it's totally fine!
Eve: Ohh, I am sorry...
Hina: But why are you going to magic trick classes, Aya-chan?
Aya: Umm, remember when we were talking with the staff last time? They said it would be good to increase our strengths as idols.
Chisato: ... Is that what made you choose magic tricks, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yeah! When I did magic tricks with Kasumi-chan for the talent show, I had so much fun, and I think the audience would enjoy it if I did some at our concerts!
Aya: But I still can't do them very well yet, so I was planning on telling all of you after I got it perfect.
Hina: Aw~, not being able to do things is just as funny though! I wanna see the trick from before with the sword. Show me, show me!
Aya: I still can't do that one at all~! The trick I'm practicing right now is the one where flowers appear out of a wand. But that one isn't to the point where I can show you all either...
Aya: Ah, but there is one trick that I can do perfectly. I suppose I could show you that one...
Maya: Ooh, what kind of trick is it?
Aya: It's the one where a playing card comes out of my mouth!
Chisato: Aya-chan... I don't know if that would be okay for an idol to do...
Aya: Huh?! Is that not okay?!
Hina: Ahaha! I think it's fine!
Maya: Right, that does sound like it would be perfect for you, Aya-san...
Aya: Wh-what does that mean~?!
Eve: ...
Chisato: ... Eve-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
