event167-02 Chapter 1: Blatant Secret

Aya acts suspiciously when she has to leave during a chat about Eve's show.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Our new song sounds like it will turn out well. Shall we wrap things up here for today?
Hina: Okay. Ah, that's right. Eve-chan, your radio program yesterday was interesting!
Eve: Wow, so you listened to it! Thank you very much, Hina-san!
Aya: I tuned in too! I really love the Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang! segment~.
Maya: Ah, so do I. Whatever the issue, you clearly state the good and the bad, so it's nice to listen to.
Hina: Yeah, right! Also, yesterday you- Huh? Chisato-chan? What are you doing all the way over in the corner?
Chisato: ... Huh? Ahh, you're discussing Eve-chan's radio program, correct? I also listened to it yesterday.
Hina: You're staring at your phone... Are you checking social media?
Chisato: Y-yes. Well...
Maya: It's rare for you to be that concerned with social media.
Chisato: The thing is, well... Yesterday, you talked about my time as a child actress, didn't you, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes, I did! I was talking about "The Lone Swordsman"!
Chisato: It seems like some fans that listened to the radio program watched it right away... And they sent me their impressions over social media.
Eve: Wow, really?!
Eve: That is wonderful, Chisato-san! That is my favorite work, so I am as happy for you as I would be if it were me in your place!
Chisato: R-right. I do really appreciate being able to receive their thoughts on my performance...
Hina: Hey, hey, I haven't watched it yet, but is "The Lone Swordsman" really that interesting?
Chisato: You don't have to watch it, Hina-chan.
Eve: Please do not be so modest! You were such a cute and hard-working child!
Chisato: I-I see. Thank you...
Eve: Also, I believe "The Lone Swordsman" is a masterpiece that transcends time!
Maya: You've praised it so much, Eve-san. Even I'm getting curious about it.
Eve: I am happy to hear that! I mentioned this on the radio, but "The Lone Swordsman" is a classic period drama.
Maya: I see. It's one of those poetic justice pieces, right?
Eve: That is correct! The virtuous punish the wicked, and the strong save the weak without fail... That is where the bushido I believe in lies!
Hina: I see. But isn't it a bit too convenient that the bad guys get punished every time?
Maya: W-well, it is fiction after all...
Chisato: Yes. However, I believe it has a deep-rooted popularity precisely because it is a story that doesn't happen often.
Eve: I think so too. "The Lone Swordsman" is a work of fiction.
Eve: But it is a world where kind people never have sad experiences. It would be so very wonderful if the world actually became like that.
Hina: Hmm. You really do say some interesting things, Eve-chan.
Hina: If anything, that's gotten me kinda interested in seeing it. Is it on any old video streaming site?
Eve: I will send you my recommended site later! Sites with a smaller line-up of period dramas sometimes have limited streaming periods, you see.
Chisato: You certainly are well informed...
Aya: Ah!
Eve: What is the matter, Aya-san?
Aya: Sorry, I just remembered I have something to take care of after this... I'll be going now, okay?
Chisato: Oh my, how very sudden.
Maya: What is it that you have to take care of?
Aya: Huh?! Th-that's, um~, uh~...
Eve: What is the matter, Aya-san? Your eyes are shifting all over the place!
Aya: N-n-n-n-n-n-no they're not! They're totally normal!
Chisato: If that is normal, it's actually quite frightening, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ah, i-it really is time for me to go, so I'll be changing first!
Hina: Ahaha, Aya-chan's as funny as ever today♪
Eve: ... What could Aya-san have after this?
