band3-018 Chapter 18: The Magic Word

The girls decide to write a new song for Akari and perform it for her. What will Akari think?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Michelle (Misaki): Don't you think this is gonna take a while? We've all got school, you know?
Hagumi: You go to school too, Michelle? Your uniform must be huge!
Michelle (Misaki): I go to the same school as you. Man, this suit is so heavy. This is going nowhere fast. I'm gonna get changed!
Kokoro: Where are you going, Michelle? You're going to ask your friend to help so you can slack off, aren't you?
Michelle (Misaki): I'm not slacking off! If anything, I'm working a lot harder than you inside this oven of a suit!
Hagumi: It's just not right when you're not here, Michelle.  Could you stay? Please~!
Michelle (Misaki): Argh~~. Gimme a break~~.
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan, here's some water. I put an extra-long straw in it for you.
Michelle (Misaki): So you're actually making progress with the lyrics, then?
Kokoro: Of course! I've come up with lyrics full of whoosh and shazam!
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, really? Let's take a look...
Kanon: Whoosh and "shazam" are the only words on the page...
Michelle (Misaki): ... Kanon-san. I'll come up with a song, so could you try and put Kokoro's ideas in actual human words?
Kanon: Huh... b-but I'm n-not really good at writing...
Michelle (Misaki): It's not like you're writing a novel or anything, so it doesn't have to be particularly amazing... And don't forget that Akari is just a child.
Michelle (Misaki): ...Umm, think of it as a picture book! How about that?
Kanon: A picture book...! One of my favorite books is a picture book. I think I might be able to do it...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, could you tell me more about the "whoosh" and the "shazam"?
Kokoro: Hm? What do you mean?
Kanon: Umm... I want to put your ideas into words. I wish there were magic words that could make this easier...
Kokoro: Magic... words...? ... That's it, Kanon! That's what was missing!!
Michelle (Misaki): As long as we can expect some actual lyrics to come of this... I guess all that's left is...
Kaoru: The orchestra! The echoes of the piano! A great symphony! The choir! Thunderous applause! Ahh... how fleeting... How about this melody?
Hagumi: Nothing says dedication like enka! My mom is the most dedicated person I know, and she loves enka. So what about something like this?
Michelle (Misaki): I'll try putting it all together. ... Yeah, this'll work. It'll definitely work~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hospital - Lobby]

Nurse: Okay everyone, find somewhere to sit. Akari-chan, your wheelchair can go here.
Kid & Akari: Did Hagumi-chan and the others come again?
Nurse: They did. It's been about a month since last time. I'm not sure what's going on, but they've prepared something big for us.
Hagumi: Akari... I really hope she likes our song...
Kaoru: Children are whimsical creatures, after all... But as the great bard once said, words without thoughts never to heaven go.
Kanon: I hope I was able to capture what Kokoro-chan wanted to say in her lyrics...
Michelle (Misaki): I think what you came up with... was pretty good. I mean, I felt like I understood a little bit of what's going on inside her head when I read them.
Michelle (Misaki): And besides, in the end, it's what you feel that's most important when it comes to this kinda thing, right?
Michelle (Misaki): I really feel like I'm not myself... for putting so much effort into this. It almost feels like we're actually a band now...
Kokoro: Of course it'll be okay! Everyone has some courage in them! Just some people forget how to bring it out!
Kokoro: And you put that into these lyrics for us, Kanon!
Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: Kokoron... Kokoro... Kokoro-chan...
Michelle (Misaki): I guess that's that. Okay, shall we go show them the magical words?
Kaoru: Ladies and...
Michelle (Misaki): Gentlemen.
Hagumi, Kokoro & Kanon: We poured our hearts into making this, we hope you enjoy it!
Kokoro: Come on, everybody! Sing along with me! You can do anything, if you just say the magic words!
Kid 1: ... "Happiness! Happy magical♪"? W-wow! Where did that dove come from?!
Kaoru: (Fufu... Magic is my field of expertise.)
Kid 2: I wanna try it too! "Happiness! Happy magical♪" ... Ooh! A puff of flower petals!
Michelle: (That wasn't easy to set up. Great timing, mystery suits!)
Kid 3: Me too! "Happiness! Happy magical♪" ... Wo~w! The stage is changing colors!
Kanon: (The strange suit ladies really got all of my special effects ideas to work...!)
Kokoro: See! There's nothing in the world that's impossible! You just have to realize it to make it happen!
Kid & Akari: Nothing is... impossible...
Hagumi: Look...! I think Akari-chan just smiled!
Michelle (Misaki): ...!! ... Hagumi, we're in the middle of a song. No getting distracted until we're done.
Hagumi: R-right...!
Michelle (Misaki): You've still got a big job to do too, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Got it...!!
