band3-008 Chapter 8: Here comes Michelle!

The band practices at the studio for the first time. Meanwhile, their first live show is scheduled.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: Sigh. How did it come to this...?
Kanon: Ahh... phew... M-Misaki-san... Sorry I'm... I'm late... I just came from school, but I got-
Misaki: Just Misaki is fine. I am younger than you, after all. What were you saying? You got lost coming here?
Kanon: I-I'm sorry... M-Misaki... chan... I-I'll try to remember... A-and you should... just call me-
Misaki: You're my senpai, Kanon-san. I think it's important to do these things right, as a matter of courtesy.
Kanon: S-sure, okay. Either way, I'm sorry. I'm such a klutz, I always get lost when we-
Misaki: It's fine. You're the one helping me out being here. You're the only person in the band I can actually have a conversation with, after all.
Kanon: R-really...? Well, I'm glad...
Misaki: (Although really, if it wasn't for her I wouldn't even be caught up in Kokoro Tsurumaki's crazy band in the first place...)
Misaki: Anyway! Today we'll just have to bear through it until the three dummies either get bored or tire themselves out.
Kanon: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Kokoro: We don't have any shows booked!
Misaki: ... This is literally our first time in the studio, you know.
Kaoru: Before coming here, we visited a few of the local live houses, but were rejected by each and every one of them. I daresay my beauty was just-
Kokoro: They said it's because we don't have any songs yet. I mean, are songs really that important?
Misaki: (Wow... The three dummies in full force. ... Wait, where is the other one...?)
Hagumi: I... I'm sorry... sorry I'm late...! Ahh... Whew... Hah... Ahh...
Kokoro: You're captain of the softball team, right Hagumi? They must really mean a lot to you. Being late for their sake is nothing to apologize for.
Misaki: A strangely grown-up thing to say.
Hagumi: Yeah... but recently, I dunno... ... Ah, never mind that! Come on, let's get banding!
Misaki: (...? Did something happen with her team?)
Kokoro: Being in a band is all about rehearsing and performing live! At least, that's what it said in that magazine Hagumi gave me. That's why I wanna get us a show, and fast!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah~~!!
Kanon: U-umm, guys...? These live houses need to attract customers to come in and spend money. So, they're only going to let bands of a certain quality play…
Misaki: ... Huh. Or you could just try asking the suits?
Kokoro: No. This is our band. The live shows, the outfits, everything has to be done by us ourselves!
Kokoro: Getting a leg-up like that drains a band of its originality, affects its status as a team of artists in a way that's, quite frankly, irreversible!
Misaki: You don't understand a word you just said, do you? Was this all from that magazine, too?
Hagumi: Yeah! That's how you make your band stand out from the rest!
Misaki: (The first real conversation they've had and it's all from a magazine... What have you done here, Hagumi...?)
Kokoro: That's what I want! I want us to stand out! Then we can definitely have lots and lots of fun!
Hagumi: Yeah! We'll stand out from the crowd all by ourselves!
Misaki: Hmm. First things first then, we'll all need to practice hard until we can perform at least four or five different songs together.
Hagumi: Got it! Nothing but dedication!! Remember when the suit people at Kokoro-chan's house brought me that bass guitar?
Hagumi: It was the first time I'd ever touched a guitar, but it was so much fun. I've been practicing a lot since then, and I've got a lot of the basics down already.
Misaki: Yawn... Sorry, I must be tired. I'm gonna get some coffee. You guys can just get started without me.
Misaki: (... Not that it really matters. I don't even have an instrument to perform here, anyway...)
Kokoro: ... Hmm. Maybe the reason we couldn't book a show was because Michelle isn't here. Maybe we don't have enough originality without her.
Misaki: (I keep telling you, Michelle is here. It's me. I mean, I did quit that job already, though...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio Lobby]

Misaki: Yawn... So tired. Huh? No coffee...? ... Whoa! What the...?! Why is there a barista making coffee in the lobby...?!
The Suits: Okusawa-sama. A fresh brew is currently being prepared. Please wait just a short moment.
The Suits: We have something for you, if you would be so kind as to accept. It is Michelle. Whenever Kokoro-sama should call for Michelle, we will help you change into the costume.
Misaki: What?! How did you get this? Isn't it the mascot for that shopping district...?
The Suits: We have purchased the rights. We are also available, should the band require us, to lend our help as much as is needed.
The Suits: Regarding live shows, we are in talks to schedule a performance at the largest rock festival in Japan. We would like you to tell Kokoro-sama, as Michelle.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kokoro: No. This is our band. The live shows, the outfits, everything has to be done by us ourselves!
Hagumi: Yeah! We'll stand out from the crowd all by ourselves!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Misaki: Yeah, I... I'm not sure that's a good idea, actually. I'll look into booking us a live performance myself. Just... help me out with Michelle, for now.
Misaki: (... What? What am I even saying right now...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Hagumi: ......!! It's Michelle! Kokoron, look! Michelle is here!
Kokoro, Kaoru & Kanon: Wah! Michelle~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Drawing Room]

Michelle (Misaki): And so, after a whole week of searching… your very own Misaki Okusawa has booked us our first live house gig!
Michelle: (I'm so glad those suits managed to change the costume so people can actually hear me speak. It's a huge help...)
Hagumi, Kokoro & Kaoru: Wow! Well done Michelle~!!
Kanon: H-how did you do it, Misaki-chan?
Michelle: Oh, erm... I just kinda asked around all my friends, until one of them told me about this event that even new bands can take part in.
Michelle: (I still don't know why I'm even doing this... but as long as Kokoro is happy, I can finally talk about leaving...)
Kanon: Thank you! ... Oh, by the way. What will you be doing during the performance, Misaki-chan?
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? I'll be... Erm...
Hagumi: Michelle is a bear, you know. Can you even play an instrument with those hands?
Kokoro: Ah! I've got it! You can be our DJ! Setting up records and playing out music! I saw it at a party once. I bet even a bear could do that much!
Michelle (Misaki): ... A DJ?
