band3-016 Chapter 16: Fake Hero

After finding out what Akari likes, the girls head back to the hospital.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hospital - Lobby]

Kid & Akari: Anyway... I'm going. Don't ask me any more questions. Excuse me, Miss Nurse~...
Michelle (Misaki): Ahh~~... Wait, wait! Just one last thing! What do you do in your hospital room here?
Nurse: You want to go back to your room? You don't want to talk to your friends any more?
Kid & Akari: Yes.
Hagumi: A-Akari!
Kid & Akari: .... Bye. I am going to watch Happy Rangers.
Hagumi: Huh. That Sunday morning TV show...
Nurse: Thank you girls so much for coming to see her. Come on Akari-chan, let's go.
Michelle (Misaki): H-hey, this ranger show, do you watch it every day?
Kid & Akari: ... Mm.
Kanon: She left...
Michelle (Misaki): I guess that's it then. Akari's favorite thing. The Happy Rangers.
Hagumi & Kokoro: Really?!
Kaoru: How do you know such a thing, Michelle? Do you possess some incredible powers?
Michelle (Misaki): It's not a huge leap to make from that conversation. She watches the Happy Rangers every day, right?
Kid 1: Hey miss, are you talking about the Happy Rangers?
Kid 2: Akari-chan loves them. She said as soon as she gets out of the hospital, she wants to go see one of their live shows.
Michelle (Misaki): Fufufu. Looks like the ol' bear was right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Drawing Room]

Kokoro: So here it is! Tada~~!!
Kokoro: The Amazing Smiling Sentai! Hello, Happy Rangers!
Hagumi: That is so cool~~!! How did this happen?!
Kokoro: I was talking to those guys about sentai heroes yesterday, and when I woke up in the morning, I just found all this here. I wonder where it came from?
The Suits: ... Truly a mystery. But we are glad to see you are pleased.
Misaki: Yeah. Real big smiles. Obviously you prepared all of this, then.
The Suits: ......
Misaki: I feel like you're almost trying to make fun of us with these. There's no way anyone would believe we're heroes...
Hagumi: The pink one's for Kano-chan-senpai, of course, since she's the girliest one here. Now what color do I take...?
Kaoru: Kokoro... This is...
Misaki: (Kaoru-san...! Of course... the narcissist of the three dummies. There's no way she'll let herself be part of this craziness!)
Kaoru: ... What is this sensation...? Long has it been since my heart has ached like this. None shall quench the passion that now burns within me...!
Misaki: Okay, welp. Looks like we're doing this, Kanon-san.
Kanon: B-b-but I... I-I can't wear a pink mask in public~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days later]

[Hospital - Lobby]

Nurse: Okay, everyone. Those lovely girls have come back to play another concert for us.
Kids: They're funny looking! What are they supposed to be?
Kokoro: Smiling Sentai! Hello, Happy Rangers! I'm the leader, the red ranger!
Hagumi: I'm next! I'm the yellow ranger! I love croquettes!
Kaoru: ... I am the blue ranger. The blue that embodies the sadness in your hearts...
Kanon: I-I'm the pink ranger~...
Misaki: I'm green and I don't want to talk about it.
Kids: Whaaat~? The Happy Rangers are cooler~!
Misaki: Guess who saw that coming? Not only was this bright idea shortsighted, our whole getup is just cheap...
Kid & Akari: ......
Misaki: (Whatever... We're here to make Akari smile today. Let's just focus on her.)
Kokoro: Okay, everyone! Get ready! Here come the Hello, Happy Rangers! A one, and a two, and a three!!
(Black cut)
Kid & Akari: ......
Kokoro: Akari is still playing the staring game with us! She's a tough one.
Hagumi: Akari... We're your favorite heroes now! You like these hero shows, right?
Kid & Akari: I can see heroes on TV. Everyone knows the Happy Rangers and the Ultra Rangers aren't real.
Kid & Akari: The uniforms and stuff you've got are just toys. I don't want fake heroes!
Hagumi: ... Akari!
Kid & Akari: ... I wanna go back to my room. Excuse me, Miss Nurse!
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kokoro: Fake heroes...
Hagumi: If just pretending to be her heroes isn't enough... what else can we do...?
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Misaki: (Looks like I've managed to find my way into more trouble than I thought...)
