band3-014 Chapter 14: Don't Force It

Akari remains unsmiling even after watching the show. What will Kokoro do?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hospital - Lobby]

Hagumi: Akari, we're back again today!
Kaoru: We have come to perform not theatre, but comedy. They say heaven never helps those who will not act. So watch, and listen, and study my great form.
Akari: ......
Kaoru & Kokoro: Hello~, hello hello. We are Hello, Happy World!, Comedy Division!
Kokoro: Man~, it sure is hot in here, huh Kaoru-san~!
Kaoru: Oh yes, positively sweltering... Not! Hospitals have air conditioning by requirement, fool! ... Well? How was that?
Akari & Hagumi: ......
Kanon & Misaki: (... Was that even a joke?)
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

Hagumi: Hey, wanna try playing along with me today?
Akari: No. I'm sleeping.
Hagumi: But... you've gotta start moving, just a little...
Kaoru: Well, how about a brand new set from the Hello, Happy World!, Comedy Division?
Kokoro: This one's a great one! It's sure to put a smile on your face!
Akari: ... Why?
Kokoro: Huh?
Akari: Why are you trying to make me smile? I just want you to leave me alone! Go away!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: ... She just wanted to be left alone...
Kanon: We were going there for... almost a month... Maybe we should give her some space...
Misaki: Kanon-san's right. It's what she wants, after all. Any more than this, we'd just be bothering her. We'll just have to wait-
Kokoro: No.
Misaki: Kokoro. I know you're not used to setbacks like this, I understand it must be tough. But you need to think about Akari...
Kokoro: A setback would mean we're not making progress. But I think we are. I think Akari just isn't being true to her feelings, and doesn't even know it.
Kaoru: As the great bard did say, "play out the play!"
Misaki: ... Sigh. Sure. Not willing to call it a setback, huh. I'm pretty sure we should be holding off, but...
Misaki: (More than anything, I just... I can't take this heavy atmosphere...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Kokoro: ... Hmm? Hmm hmm hmm? I wasn't done watching yet...
Misaki: (It's not like Kokoro to stare glumly out the window. ... She must still be worried about Akari.)
Misaki: Hmm... We're not even rehearsing any more, it's boring. I guess I could pick up where I left off with this...
Kokoro: Hey, what's that?
Misaki: Ah!! Y-you made me jump... You never talk to me in class like this.
Kokoro: Is that wool? Are you making animals with it?
Misaki: Oh, yeah. It's sheep-wool felt. You prick it with a needle like this to make shapes. See?
Kokoro: A dog! That's a dog's tail, right? It's wonderful!
Misaki: Yeah. I mean, it's a cat, but yeah.
Misaki: My little sister really likes plushies, you know? I'm not any good at making them, but they seem to make her happy, at least.
Kokoro: Likes plushies... happy...
Kokoro: ......!! Hey, how do you know she likes them?
Misaki: How...? I guess, I dunno... I give them to her, and she looks happy. And I know she likes plushies because, I mean, we live together.
Kokoro: You know... she likes them... I see. That does make sense. I need you to fill me in on all the details, here.
Misaki: What? What details? There's nothing else to it...
Misaki: I've known her all her life, I know she likes fluffy animals, so I gave her one and she was pleased. That's all. Understand?
Kokoro: So you didn't know if she'd like your felt animal until you gave it to her, then?
Misaki: Yeah, I guess not. That's the most important part of giving a gift, right? Thinking up something the other person might enjoy.
Misaki: I wonder what she might like, and "What kind of things would she enjoy?" I dunno, maybe it's just me being a big sister.
Misaki: Telling you like this might be hard to understand, huh.
Kokoro: No, I completely understand!! Thank you so much!!
Misaki: R-right, okay. You understand. Well that's... good, then.
Kokoro: I've realized... that I haven't given any thought to what Akari might like herself.
Kokoro: Everything we've done so far has been my own ideas making people happy. I just assumed that everyone liked the same things that I did.
Kokoro: But that's not true, is it. Everyone has their own things that they like, their own reasons to be happy!
Misaki: You say it like it's a grand revelation, but I'm pretty sure that's just common knowledge...
Misaki: (... Or maybe it isn't. Knowing it isn't the same as acting on it, and coming to terms with it like this isn't something just anyone could do...)
Kokoro: Thank you!! I think I've come to terms with something very important today, all thanks to you!
Misaki: No, thank you. I think this is the first time we've actually had a real conversation together.
Kokoro: It's a little embarrassing, after this wonderful talk we've had, but do you think you could tell me your name?
Misaki: You have got to be kidding me!
Kokoro: Anyway, I've decided! I'm going to find something that Akari likes, and we're all going to gift it to her!!
Misaki: Ahaha... I give up...
