band3-020 Chapter 20: Everyone Is a Hero

Hello, Happy World! decides on a goal of "making the world smile." Will Misaki change her mind about the band...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Drawing Room]

Kokoro: It's a lot harder being a vocalist than I thought! Remembering lyrics and melodies takes a special kind of skill!
Misaki: You have no idea how happy I am to hear that you've finally realized the importance of these things...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan can sing, but she always changes the lyrics and melodies whenever she feels like it.
Kaoru: Our days of being at the mercy of Kokoro's whims... How fleeting...
Misaki: Kaoru-san. This is progress, don't encourage her bad habits.
Kanon: I think making CDs that we can give everyone is a great idea for making more people smile.
Misaki: It might be the only reasonable suggestion she's ever made.
Kokoro: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪ I think I remember the song now. I want to go record it! Are we still waiting for Hagumi?
Kaoru: I imagine the captain is busy. We'll wait a little longer, but if she doesn't appear, we shall have to reschedule our recording.
Hagumi: S-sorry I'm late! I got caught up visiting Akari at her rehabilitation...!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...! So that's where you were. How is Akari doing?
Hagumi: She's great! Apparently she wants to be a hero as soon as she can, and does her rehabilitation up until the last minute every day.
Hagumi: And not just Akari, but the nurse looked really happy too! She was smiling!
Misaki: I see... That's such a relief...
Kaoru: You too are sporting quite the smile, Hagumi...
Hagumi: Oh. I guess I am! I guess it wasn't just the hero thing I forgot about, but my smile too.
Kokoro: ... That's it!!
Misaki: Whoa. I thought you were somewhere else.
Kokoro: There's something else I've realized, after everything that happened with Akari.
Kanon & Kaoru: Kokoro? Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I think everyone around the world loves to smile, but maybe there's a lot of people like Hagumi and Akari who've just forgotten how!
Kokoro: Doesn't that make you feel terrible, to hear them wasting their life?! I mean, smiling is one of the best feelings in the whole world, right?!
Misaki: Wasting their life? Are you serious...?
Kanon: Fufu, that's a very Kokoro-chan way of putting it...
Kaoru: As the great bard once said... ... The miserable have no other medicine, but only hope...
Misaki: I'm sure you don't know what that means, but I do feel like you make some spot-on references sometimes.
Kaoru: ... To be, or not to be. That is the question.
Hagumi: I-is that a question, though?
Misaki: It's not. And that one was definitely not spot-on.
Kokoro: Anyway, what I want to do is make all those poor, unhappy people remember what it is to smile again.
Hagumi: Like me and Akari, right? I think... that sounds really important, and special!
Kokoro: Right? So everyone, if you find someone who has forgotten to smile, let me know immediately! We have to go make them remember!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Got it!
Misaki: Okay, hold on a second.  Everything happened to work out well this time, but surely that's a bit unrealistic?!
Misaki: Find places to perform where people want to laugh and smile is one thing, but what you're suggesting isn't always going to work...!
Kokoro: How can you say it won't work when we haven't even tried it?
Misaki: That again...? Argh~, I'm so over this!!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan? Oh... oh no...
Kanon: (Misaki-chan has always said she wants to quit the band. Maybe this is the last straw for her...)
Misaki: Honestly I don't even know why I'm in this circus of a band. Everything you say just makes it sound like you wanna live inside a fairy tale!
Misaki: But like, performing together, and working hard to make things better for Akari, it's... I dunno. Why am I even saying this...?
Kokoro: What is it? If you want to say something, why don't you say it?
Misaki: Ugh. You're so annoying when you're right, you know that?
Misaki: Look, I just... We might screw up again, like with the whole hero thing. I can't handle seeing everyone getting depressed when things don't work out...!!
Kanon, Kaoru & Hagumi: Misaki-chan... Misaki... Mii-kun...
Kokoro: Oh. Well, that won't be a problem!
Misaki: As if it won't be. It'll hurt to see you moping about. ... Everyone else will get all depressed, too.
Kokoro: ... Hurt? Depressed...? I don't get it.
Kokoro: But, basically you mean we might forget to smile, right? If that happens, one of the other members of the band just has to help them remember again.
Misaki: ... And what if we all forget at the same time?
(White cut)
Kokoro: That's simple! Someone else will come along and make us remember!
Kokoro: Everyone in the world can be a hero, after all!!
Misaki: ... Right. Haha.
Misaki: Of course, I almost forgot. I don't know why I even bothered to get worked up. It's not like you understand logic or reason anyway!
Misaki: ... Fine, whatever. I'll lose interest sooner or later, but until then I'll help you with your little fairy tale.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Misaki-chan...!
Kokoro: I'm glad you're going to help! Hello, Happy World! Let's put smiles on everyone's faces!
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah~!
Kokoro: By the way, where's Michelle? It's just not the same without her.
Kaoru & Hagumi: That's right!
Misaki: We've got a long, bumpy road ahead of us...
