band3-015 Chapter 15: What Akari Likes

The girls come up with a plan to find out what Akari likes so they can make her smile.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Drawing Room]

Kokoro: Okay! It's time to start our new project! Hello, Happy World! Hunt For Akari's Favorite Things!!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah~!!
Kanon: Y-you say it's a project... What is it about, exactly...?
Kokoro: More importantly, where is Michelle?
Michelle: Hello~. Everyone's favorite Michelle, I'm here~. Can you see me now, Kokoro-san~?
Hagumi: Michelle's joining our strategy meeting!!
Kaoru: Our success is all but guaranteed.
Kokoro: Thank you! Just having you here with us makes me feel that much stronger, Michelle!
Michelle: I wish you'd said that back in the classroom.
Kokoro: The plan is as follows! If we want to get anything done, we need to work out some of Akari's favorite things.
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Favorite... things...
Kokoro: I always thought that if I just do what I like to do, Akari will surely enjoy it too.
Kokoro: But I have what I like, Akari has what she likes, everyone has what they like. We need to figure out what other people like if we want to make them smile.
Kokoro: So I want you guys to keep me updated on all the things that you enjoy, too!
Kokoro: Our new goal as Hello, Happy World! is to work out all the things that everyone likes, so that we can make them happy and put smiles on their faces!
Hagumi: So does that mean... we search for things people enjoy doing, while playing in the band?
Kokoro: Exactly!
Hagumi: Ya~y! That sounds really, really fun!
Kaoru: We journey forth, into a whole new world!
Kokoro: I really have to thank the wonderful person who gave me the idea for this plan, but... I cannot remember their name... They were almost like a ghost, really...
Misaki: I'm here. I'm standing literally right here!
Hagumi: Hmm... Akari's favorite things...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...?
Hagumi: Ah... When Akari told us to leave her alone before, I started to think maybe there's nothing we can do for her...
Hagumi: But Kokoron... you kept strong, kept smiling. You never gave up on her. It made me think... maybe someone amazing like you really can make the whole world smile!
Kanon: I think I know what you mean. Kokoro-chan can be a little stubborn and reckless at times, but I really think she is helping people. Myself included...
Kaoru: I feel as though fate brought me to meet Kokoro. She truly is beloved by all she meets...
Misaki: Sigh. I'm not really sure that's a good thing.
Misaki: (... But then, why exactly am I taking part in this crazy group's ridiculous antics...?)
Kanon: If only Akari-chan would realize that we're just trying to help her...
Kokoro: I'm sure if we all work together, we can get it done!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hospital - Lobby]

Akari: ... You guys are being weird. Why are you asking me all these questions?
Hagumi: N-n-no reason...! W-we're not trying to... y'know... g-g-get information out of you or anything!!
Kanon: Y-yes... S-some great weather we're having today...
Akari: It's really cloudy.
Kokoro: We just wanna know what kinda things make you- Mfffmfff!
Misaki: You're not cut out for this line of work. Quiet.
Kokoro: Why? I'm being indirect with it, like we discussed.
Misaki: The very fact you'd bring that up here and now is exactly what I'm talking about.
Akari: ......
Akari: I told you before. Leave me alone.
Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: ......!!
Hagumi: But... Akari...
Kaoru: Hmm. I see. Akari. To celebrate our brief but wonderful time together, please allow me to leave you with these few wise words.
Akari: Wise words...?
Kaoru: As the great bard once said. "Present fears are less than horrible imaginings."
Kokoro & Hagumi: Imaginings...?
Kanon: Fears...?
Michelle: (So... the fear of what happened to Akari's leg is far worse in her mind than the actual injury itself...?)
Akari: Umm, what does that mean?
Michelle: (Yeah, that's not particularly easy to explain to a child.)
Kaoru: What does it mean...?
Kaoru: Well... What it means is, of course... that, more or less.
Akari: That...?
Kaoru: Yes, that.
Michelle: (What? ... Does she not understand what it was she said?!)
Akari: I don't know what that means either.
Kaoru: Ah... Well, I'm sure... when you're older... Yes, that's it... You'll understand one day...
Akari: Hmm. I don't think I will.
Misaki: (You're right, you won't. And neither will Kaoru-san...!)
