band3-017 Chapter 17: A Reason for Confidence

After the hero costume flops, the girls realize what Akari needs.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hospital - Lobby]

Kanon: It's getting dark...
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: ......
Misaki: Guys, are you seriously not going to get changed? I can't decide if I should laugh or cry.
Kokoro: There must be something missing... We're all heroes, after all.
Misaki: Okay, okay. Enough with the senseless chatter.  I'm going to head home soon.
Hagumi: Can't we become the real thing? Is that the only thing that'll make Akari smile? I wonder if I even can make her smile again.
Misaki: Hagumi...
Nurse: I can't get a smile out of Akari-chan either. She's a difficult case, certainly.
Misaki: Oh, you're one of the nurses. Where is Akari now...?
Nurse: She's in her room watching a Happy Rangers DVD.
All: ......
Nurse: Listen, everyone. I just wanted to thank you for coming to play with Akari. Despite what you might think, she is already talking a lot more than before.
Misaki: Umm... are you the main nurse that looks after Akari-san?
Nurse: Yes, that's right.  Ever since the day she was hospitalized here after her accident.
Nurse: I can tell that deep down Akari-chan wants to smile. It's just that something's stopping her.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: I see...
Kanon: So her injuries themselves are healing properly.
Hagumi: Hmm... The accident was so scary and painful, but now she just thinks she can never use her legs again...
Misaki: And because of that, she won't do her rehabilitation because she thinks there's no point. But if she doesn't start doing it, she really will end up unable to walk...
Kokoro: ......
Kanon: She does want to walk, doesn't she?
Nurse: Yes, of course.
Hagumi: But she's too scared of trying and finding she's not able to do it.
Hagumi: It's just like what Kano-chan-senpai talked about in the past. She wants to, but she can't...
Kanon: Ah...
Misaki: It's a downward spiral.
Kanon: U-um...! I can understand how Akari-chan feels...! It's so hard to be brave when you feel like that!
Nurse: ... That's right. As Kanon-san said, Akari-chan's body is capable of walking, but she doesn't have the courage to take that first step.
Kokoro: Courage? Now that's something we can give her.
Misaki: If that was the case, Akari would've been smiling ages ago.
Kokoro: We're just missing something! I'm sure if we find it, we'll be able to give Akari the courage she needs.
Misaki: Ugh... Courage isn't something you can click your fingers and make appear, or just give to someone when they need it.
Kanon: U-um!! Kokoro-chan gave me courage!!
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kokoro: See! Think about it first. Nothing's impossible for anyone, as long as you don't decide that it is!
Hagumi: S-so, we can do anything as long as we think we can?
Kokoro: Of course. We can all be heroes if we want to be!
Kokoro: You can do anything if you put your mind to it! We're all powerful heroes the moment we believe it!
Misaki: ... *sigh* Let's say that everyone has some hidden potential to be an almighty hero. Even if this is true, it just doesn't work that way!
Misaki: Most people aren't like you. They need an actual reason to be confident before they can do something! I mean, really...
Misaki: ... Huh.
Kokoro: Huh? Why would someone need a reason to be confident?
Misaki: That's it. A reason... confidence...! This is the courage Kanon-san was talking about!
Misaki: We just need to give her a reason to be confident. Let's start by giving her the courage to start her rehabilitation!
Misaki: And if she can take just one step, she'll realize that she can walk! And that'll give her confidence...!
Kaoru: Whatever do you mean?
Kanon: Oh. We're a band, so... Do you mean we should do a performance that will give her courage...?
Misaki: Exactly! I knew you'd get it, Kanon-san.
Hagumi: But how do we do that?  Won't she just call us fakes again?
Misaki: Hmm. Well, uh... Okay! You can do anything, can't you Kokoro?
Kokoro: Not just me, everyone can.
Misaki: Uh, sure. Anyway, if we can use our performance to show her that anyone can do anything... I-I think she might find the courage she needs!
Misaki: (... Wh-why am I getting so excited about this? I'm literally just thinking on the spot here.)
Misaki: I mean, it's just an idea, it's not like we...
Kokoro: ... It'll work!! I'm sure of it! That kind of thing is my specialty! We just have to write a song that'll give her courage!
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: A song that'll give her courage...
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Of course!
Misaki: I-is this really gonna work...?
