band3-003 Chapter 3: Have you ever played guitar?

Kokoro and Kanon look for a guitarist to join their band. Who will they meet?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kanon: (What a whirlwind that was yesterday. We didn't manage to find any more members, either...)
Kanon's Classmate: Kanon~. Let's get lunch. Today's menu's supposed to be amazing~.
Kanon: Okay... Ah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kokoro: Hey, you there! Do you wanna put smiles on everyone's-
Student: Ah, s-sorry, Tsurumaki-san. I'm just going to get lunch, so...
Kanon's Classmate: There she is. Kokoro Tsurumaki. I heard she just barges into the smarter classrooms without shame, but it looks like the rumors were true.
Kanon: (Put smiles on everyone's faces... She said the same thing to me before...)
Kanon: Does... everyone know her...?
Kanon's Classmate 2: Pretty much everyone, yeah. Anyway, are you guys gonna go to that show the drama club's putting on?
Kanon's Classmate 1: Of course I am~! It's a huge event, I'd never miss it! Especially since you-know-who will be there...
Kokoro: Ah! Kanon! You're a sophomore, huh!
Kanon's Classmates: You know her?!
Kokoro: This is perfect! We're gonna have the best lunch together, Kanon. I want you to tell me all about being in a band.
Kanon: Ah... B-but... I...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: (Oh no... Kokoro-chan just dragged me off to have lunch with her, but... I hope my friends aren't mad I just left them there...)
Kokoro: The guitarist is like, the main star of the band, right?! At least, that's what I read in this book yesterday. That's why we'll need someone who really stands out!
Kanon: S-someone who... stands out...?
Kokoro: Exactly. Someone who really draws all the attention to them. Someone famous. Someone to be the face of the band! Know anyone, Kanon?
Kanon: U-umm...
Student: The drama show's finally here~! Did you see Kaoru on this poster, here? She looks so, so cool~. Like an actual, real-life prince!
Student: They're putting it on at her school's gym, right? I doubt we'll even be able to get in, with all of her fans there... I'm gonna run right over as soon as class is finished!
Kokoro & Kanon: Kaoru... Seta...
Kanon: This drama show... My friends were talking about it earlier, too... It's supposed to be a big event, happening after school today...
Kokoro: Hmm. This is good, this is very good! Kanon, I've made a decision. We're going to get the Kaoru Seta to be our guitarist!
Kanon: Fue~?! B-but... Have you ever met her before...?
Kokoro: No, but I will today! You remember how much fun we had playing together, right? I bet Kaoru will wanna join in on that fun, too!
Kanon: Is... is that enough of a reason?
Kokoro: What other reason is there?  Come on, we're gonna go to this drama show straight after school!
Kanon: (Ahh~~...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gym]

Kaoru: Blow, winds, and crack your cheeks! Rage! Blow!
Kanon: (W-wow... Sh-she really is like a prince up there...)
Student: Kaoru-sama...! ... Ahh~...
Kokoro: Did you see that, Kanon?! Kaoru's making all these people faint just through her amazing charisma alone! It's got to be her!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kokoro: And here we are! I'm Kokoro Tsurumaki, from Hanasakigawa! Can anyone tell me where the drama club is?
Student: S-sure...
Kanon: K-Kokoro-chan, the show only just ended... Maybe we should come back another time...?
Kokoro: Ah! There she is! I think she's about to leave! Hey~! Stop right there~!!
Kanon: Ahh...
Kaoru: ... Oh? You delightful little challenger, you. Do you wish to speak with me, perchance?
Kanon: (Sh-she's even more incredible in person! She... she is a girl, just like me, right...?)
Kokoro: I watched your show! It was amazing! You're still like a prince off-stage too, huh!
Kaoru: Fufu. I'm not "like" anything. I am a prince. All the world's a stage, and we are merely-
Kokoro: Hey, can you play the guitar?
Kaoru: ... I did once play a guitarist on the stage. I'm sure I can still perform somewhat... As the purpose of playing is to hold the mirror up to-
Kokoro: Perfect! It's decided, then! I want you to come join my new band!
Kanon: (K-Kokoro-chan isn't listening to a word Kaoru-san is saying...! There's no way she's going to accept...)
Kaoru: ... Fufu. This corridor is no place to stand and talk. Let's all go outside and discuss this matter further. Follow me.
(White cut)
Kaoru: As the great bard once said, actions speak louder than words... I have been approached by many a scout in my time, but you, my princess... Fufu. You are a strong one.
Kokoro: Yeah? Being in a band is really fun, you know! You get to play along to all kinds of songs, do all kinds of things. Kinda like acting, right?
Kokoro: If you join the band, you'll get to play all kinds of different parts! You can decide it all yourself, too! Isn't that so exciting?!
Kaoru: ... I see. This may well be just what I need...
Kaoru: And you, too, must surely need your very own prince, someone to watch over you and help you bring joy to the world... Yes. I shall join your band.
Kanon: (Huh? ... What?! Did that really just work?!)
Kokoro: Thank you! This is just perfect!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Then if you will, allow me to celebrate our fateful meeting by reading a few verses about this world in which we live.
Kokoro: I'm gonna start thinking of all the great things we can do in this new band of ours!
Kanon: (They're not listening to each other, yet somehow Kaoru-san was convinced to join the band...! Wh-what is going on with these two...?)
Kokoro: What do you wanna do, Kanon? This is the first step of our new band, we need to celebrate with something big.
Kanon: H-hold on a minute, we haven't finished yet. We still need to find a bassist to join the band~.
Kaoru & Kokoro: Oh? Really? Huh? We do?
