event03-04 Chapter 3: An Offering to the Thief

Their pursuit of the thief has led them to the gift shop. What will she want this time...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[KT Smile - Gift Shop]

Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): It seems you have found your way here, my dear little detectives.
Hagumi: Yeah! We're detectives, after all!
Kokoro: What kind of game are we going to play here? I hope it's fun!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Hmm... Well then, why don't you chose something from this gift shop that would please me?
Misaki: Is it just me or are the games getting harder...?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): If I do indeed like what you chose, I shall give Kanon back to you.
Hagumi: Something that would please you? Well, what kind of things do you like?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Hmm, let me see. Something that is... fleeting.
Misaki: Fleeting...? I know someone who used that word all the time, but I don't know what kind of things she likes.
Kokoro: Got it! We just have to find something that's fleeting, right?
Hagumi: What does she mean by that? Ooh, what about this plushie?!
Misaki: That plushie looks like some creepy deep sea fish... I don't see anything fleeting about it.
Hagumi: Really...? But it's so cute!
Misaki: Miss Thief, I don't suppose you could give us a hint? We literally have nothing to work with here.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): An object that exists but fleetingly... It is simple.
Misaki: That's not helping.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Very well, I shall give you a small hint.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Shakespeare once said... "God has given you one face, and you make yourself another."
Misaki: That just complicates things even more...
Kokoro: Oh? This snow dome looks lovely!
Misaki: Ah, that's kind of fleeting... I think.
Hagumi: Hey, what's that next to it?! Socks with this ship's design on them! How cute! I bet they're easy to run in!
Misaki: I agree they're cute, but... you just want to choose them because you like them, Hagumi.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, choose wisely. You have plenty of time.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Umm, hmm~... I looked at lots of stuff, but I still don't know what to choose...
Hagumi: Grr, maybe there's just nothing fleeting in here~!
Kokoro: ... I've got it!
Hagumi: Really, Kokoro?!
Kokoro: How about this, Miss Thief?
Misaki: Whaaat?! Th-that's like some kind of tribal mask... Where on earth did you find that...?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Is that the item you have decided on?
Kokoro: Yeah! I think this is it! It matches the hint perfectly! It's another face!
Hagumi: Nice! I want one of those masks too!
Misaki: ... This isn't gonna work. That mask is so full on it's the complete opposite of fleeting...
Kokoro: Now, time to give Kanon back!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Heh... Not a bad choice, not bad at all... But I think we're going to have to play one last game.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): You still have a chance to win your princess back. Come to the theatre if you want to free her.
Misaki: Ahh! She's gone again. Next up is the theatre, huh...?
Kokoro: I wonder what she didn't like about the mask? It's really fleeting, don't you think?
Hagumi: I don't really understand, but I think so!
Misaki: I think she kinda liked it... No idea what's fleeting about it, though.
Misaki: Anyway, let's head to the theatre. I feel sorry for making Kanon-san wait all this time.
Kokoro: Good point, she might be bored!
Hagumi: Let's win the next one, and go save Kano-chan-senpai! That thief won't beat us this time!
Misaki: ... Bored? That's your concern...? ... If you're actually worried about her, could you two be a little more serious?
Kokoro: Come on, Hagumi, Misaki! Let's go to the theatre!
