event03-05 Chapter 4: Thief and Stage Director

Arriving at the ship's theater, it seems the thief has her eyes set on a challenger, and it's... Misaki?!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[KT Smile - Theatre]

Hagumi: We're here! Wow, it's so big! I bet it could fit 10,000 people!
Misaki: I doubt it... The ship would probably sink if it had 10,000 people on it.
Kokoro: Miss Thief, we're here! What's the next game?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu... You'll know soon enough.
Misaki: Oh, the stage is rising... Quite the flashy entrance.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): My dear detectives, the curtain will soon be raised. Find yourselves somewhere to sit.
Misaki: What do you mean, curtain?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): The curtain that reveals the play you are about to behold, of course.
Hagumi: Are we going to watch a play? This is so exciting! I've never seen a play before! Since she's a thief, I wonder if she's gonna do some magic tricks.
Misaki: That's a magic show, Hagumi. It's a bit different to what our thief friend has in mind.
Kokoro: Let's go sit in the front row! I want to see what Miss Thief can do!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ah, it is time. Have you all found your seats?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Now, playtime is over and it's time for the play! Allow me to borrow the assistance of our damsel in distress.
Kanon: Damsel...? Do you mean me...?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I mean none other than you, my dear princess. There is a chair on the stage. Would you mind sitting over there?
Kanon: Huh? O-okay, sure...
Hagumi: It's Kano-chan-senpai! Wow~! Look, Kokoron! She's okay!
Kokoro: Hold on, Kanon! We'll save you!
Kanon: O-okay...
Kanon: (I thought I was being kidnapped, but I just had to sit around in one of the cabins... And now I'm here and...)
Kanon: (I have no idea what's going on~...)
Misaki: So what are you going to put us up to this time?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): A good question. I think we'll play a different game this time.
Kokoro: You won't beat us! We'll play anything! Give us your best shot!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Your high spirits are admirable, but I have already chosen the next challenger... You there, with the beautiful black hair.
Misaki: Huh? Me?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): You are yet to play against me, am I wrong? Come, play my game.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Princess, beseech your friend to help you.
Kanon: Huh? U-um, okay...
Kanon: Please, umm... save me, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: *sigh*... Fine. So what do I have to do?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Declare your love to the princess that sits before you.
Misaki: Wh-what~?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I love to perform, but I also love to watch a good performance. Impress me with your acting skills, and I shall return your princess.
Hagumi: A confession of love! If this is a success, we'll finally get Kano-chan-senpai back!
Kokoro: This is great, Hagumi! Kanon will be back with us in no time!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Now, come take your place on the stage.
Misaki: There is no way I'm doing that.
Misaki: Why is any of this even happening in the first place? Screw this, that's it...!
Misaki: That voice, the way you speak and act, I've known who you are since the beginning!
Misaki: You're no thief, you're...!
Hagumi: Mii-kun, please! Tell Kano-chan-senpai you love her!
Kokoro: Hagumi's right! This could be what returns Kanon to us! Give it everything you've got!
Hagumi: I'll be cheering for you with all my energy!
Misaki: ...!
Misaki: (D-don't give me those looks, you two! I'll start feeling like this is my responsibility!)
Kanon: You can do it, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: (You too, Kanon-san?! I thought you'd worked out who the thief really is...!)
Misaki: *sigh* Fine... I'll do it. I just have tell her I love her, right? Ugh...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufufu, I knew you would not shy away. Now, perform as if you are a prince who is about to profess his love to a princess. You may begin...!
Misaki: U-umm... my beautiful princess... I-I love... you...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Is that it? Open the floodgates of your heart.
Misaki: Ugh... hmm... ever since the first day I saw you... my heart has been yours…
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I still cannot feel your love. You must be more passionate.
Misaki: You are always on my mind... I-I just love you.
Misaki: Th-that has to be enough, right?! It's not easy to come up with this stuff on the spot, you know?!
Hagumi: I don't know anything about acting, but I don't think that was very good.
Kokoro: I wasn't touched by it. I guess we're gonna lose this game too.
Kanon: That's not true...! Misaki-chan tried really hard! I thought it was really touching.
Misaki: (Haha... if Kanon-san's happy, I won't complain...)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): A declaration of love should be more dashing. Like this for example...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): "My beautiful princess, do you know how many of my thoughts you occupy? I think of nothing but you, day and night."
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): "You have stolen the key to my heart, you wicked temptress ... I love you."
Kanon: ...! I-I know it's just a performance, but that made my heart race. There's something familiar about that acting style though...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): This is the kind of performance you will need to display to get your princess back. It would seem that I have won this round too.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu... You are most fun to play against! I think I'll have you entertain me some more. If you don't, you won't be getting your princess back.
Kanon: Eek!!
Hagumi: Huh?! She disappeared with Kano-chan-senpai, and didn't even tell us where she's going!
Kokoro: I'm sure she went that way! Let's follow her!
Misaki: How long do we have to do this for? I'm so tired, I just want this to be over...  Come back here, thief~!
