event03-03 Chapter 2: Thief's Roulette

They chase the thief to the casino only to be challenged to a game of roulette.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[KT Smile - Casino]

Kokoro: This is the casino!
Hagumi: Wow~! This is amazing~! So gold and shiny~! Chasing a thief into a casino, this is just like a detective movie! It's so exciting!
Kokoro: You're right! It's not every day you get to chase a thief! It really is exciting!
Hagumi: By the way, Kokoron, are we allowed in the casino? I heard that only adults are allowed to go in.
Kokoro: Don't worry! The KT Smile is my ship, so all the coins used in the casino are just toys! That way we can use them too!
Hagumi: Ooh, I see! You've thought of everything, Kokoron!  Hey, there's something I wanna say with you. Let me tell you my idea.
Kokoro: What is it?
Hagumi: *whisper whisper*...
Kokoro: Got it! Let's do it, on three! ... One, two...
Kokoro & Hagumi: Miss Thief! Give Kanon back!
Hagumi: ... Huh, what? The thief... isn't here yet?
Kokoro: Oh? I wonder if we came to the wrong place? I'm sure she said the casino though.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai~! Where are you~? Say something~!
Misaki: Ah, there you are. You two run so fast... I couldn't keep up.
Kokoro: Misaki, they're not here! Where are they?
Misaki: Um...? Why are you asking me? I only just got here...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I've kept you waiting, I see. I have left Kanon somewhere else for now.
Kokoro: Ah, Miss Thief! We came to the casino just like you asked! Now give Kanon back to us!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Where is the fun in that? Let's play a little game first.
Misaki: What do you want us to do...?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): It's simple. We're in a casino, are we not? Play me for her.
Hagumi: Sure! Can we play softball?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... This is a casino after all, so lets play a game of roulette.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): If you can beat me, I'll return Kanon to you. Agreed?
Hagumi: What's roulette? What do I have to do to win?
Misaki: I don't suppose you could keep it nice and simple so that even Hagumi can understand?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Don't worry, you just have to choose red or black. If the ball lands on the color you choose, you win.
Hagumi: So I just have to choose? That sounds easy!
Hagumi: The flames of victory are red, so I choose red!
Misaki: That's it?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, are you sure, my cute little detective?
Hagumi: Detective?! Am I a detective now!?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Indeed, you are. It is a thief's destiny to run from a detective. And a detective is fated to pursue a thief.
Misaki: ... That's news to me.
Kokoro: I like it! Detectives are cool!
Hagumi: Yay~! We're detectives!
Misaki: Let's pretend that's not important for a minute. Hagumi, are you sure you wanna go with red?
Hagumi: Yeah! I like red!
Misaki: Your choice of colors is going to decide whether we get Kanon back, you know?
Misaki: Are you sure you don't want to think more carefully about it?
Hagumi: Umm... I really wanna go with red.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Very well. In that case, my bet is on black. Dealer, would you spin the wheel?
Kokoro: This is so exciting! I wonder which color it will land on?!
Dealer: Ladies, place your bets...
Hagumi: ...!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): The wheel has stopped. Let us see where the ball has landed...
Misaki: Ah, it's on black...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufufu, I am victorious. It looks like I can't give the lovely princess back just yet.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): For our next game... I shall wait for you in the one place on this ship where one can find objects that exist but fleetingly. I look forward to your arrival.
Hagumi: Ah, she's gone again! Where can we find fleeting objects?
Kokoro: The gift shop! Let's get going!
Misaki: That didn't take you very long to work out... I had no idea what she meant. But the fact she's using the word "fleeting" kind of spells out her identity, doesn't it?
Misaki: ... C'mon, you guys! The gift shop isn't that way!
