event03-07 Ending: The Thief's Purpose

The question was answered, and Kanon was safely returned. The thief's true identity is revealed!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[KT Smile - Inside]

Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, what did it feel like to get kidnapped?
Kanon: Well... it was strangely not very scary.
Kanon: Umm, I think the thief was a good person. She was friendly, I felt like it was someone I knew...
Hagumi: Really?! Who could it be...?
Misaki: ...
Misaki: (How is it that neither of them realize who it is...?)
Kokoro: Oh well! Kanon is back now, so let's enjoy our cruise!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's have lots of fun!
Hagumi: But before that, let's eat something! I'm starving~!
Kokoro: Okay, let's have dinner! To the restaurant, everyone.
Kaoru: A lovely idea. I was just thinking that I'd like a bite to eat.
Kokoro: Oh, Kaoru. Where have you been?
Kaoru: Hm? I've been here the whole time.
Hagumi: Huh?! Really?!
Kaoru: Perhaps you were too focused on catching the thief to notice. Anyway, let us head to the restaurant. Your stomach is rumbling, is it not?
Hagumi: Yeah! Where's the restaurant~?
Kokoro: It's over there! They have everything, so eat as much as you like!
Kanon: Having dinner on a cruise ship like this is so exciting, isn't it Misaki-chan?
Misaki: I guess the food is going to be amazing. They'll probably serve some things we've never seen before.
Hagumi: I'm so hungry that anything would taste amazing right now! Meat, noodles, rice, it wouldn't matter!
Kanon: I wonder what desserts they have? I bet it's cute cakes or chocolate mousse~.
Misaki: I'll eat anything as long as it doesn't have cilantro in it.
Hagumi: Have you eaten on this ship before, Kokoron?! What kinda food do they have?
Kokoro: They have everything. If you ask for an omelet, you'll get an omelet. Ask for cake, and you'll get cake!
Hagumi: Does that mean I can get meat or curry?!
Kokoro: Of course! You can get anything you want!
Hagumi: Wow~! It's like a magic restaurant!
Hagumi: Urgh, talking about all this food is making me even hungrier!
Hagumi: C'mon, let's race to the restaurant! First one there can eat as much as they want!
Kokoro: That sounds fun! You're on!
Kanon: Oh, wait for me~!!
Misaki: *sigh* I can't believe they still have energy left after all that.
Kaoru: They certainly were enthusiastic in their detective work today. Unlike you, I must say.
Misaki: That's because I saw through the whole thing. In the gift shop you said you wanted something fleeting, in the theatre you put on that overly-dramatic performance. Kinda hard to not pick up on...
Misaki: Why were you pretending to be a thief, anyway?
Kaoru: The ladies in the suits who drove us here approached me. They asked me to provide some entertainment as a thief.
Kaoru: I am confident that I can play the role well, so I was more than happy to accept it.
Misaki: Thanks to you we had a pretty rough day though...
Kaoru: Really? It seems like Kokoro and Hagumi were enjoying themselves.
Kaoru: I too quite enjoyed being pursued by the two of them.
Kaoru: I do feel sorry for scaring Kanon however.
Misaki: You embarrassed me too.
Kaoru: I suppose you never have the chance to perform like that, doing so in front of an audience must have been fun for you.
Misaki: Umm... whether it was fun or not is debatable, but I guess it has been a memorable cruise...
Kaoru: Fufu, a lovely memory indeed. As far as I'm concerned, you were the true detective today, Misaki. You gave Kokoro and Hagumi the support they needed.
Misaki: Glad to be of service. *sigh*... Babysitting those two is pretty hard work, you know?
Kaoru: In any case, I got to play a thief, and it was fun seeing everyone smile.
Kaoru: Now then, we should go to the restaurant as well. Hagumi will eat everything if we're not careful.
Misaki: Huh? They're on their way back.
Kokoro: We forgot to get a gift for Michelle!
Hagumi: Kokoron, I know what we should get for her. That mystery mask from the gift shop!
Kokoro: Nice idea! The thief didn't want it, but I'm sure Michelle will like it!
Misaki: Seriously...?
Kokoro: Let's ask her to wear it next time we have a show!
Kaoru: That would be a sight to see.
Hagumi: I can't wait~!
Misaki: Hahaha...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Kanon: (I can't say it, but I'm looking forward to it too...)
