event03-06 Chapter 5: The Thief's Desire

The thief has finally been cornered on the deck, but she has one last question...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[KT Smile - Deck]

Hagumi: This is the deck, but I don't see the thief...
Kokoro: There she is!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ha ha ha~! You finally caught up!
Kokoro: Hold it right there! Give Kanon back to us!
Kokoro: She's our friend, and she's important to us!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ahh... what a beautiful sentiment.
Kokoro: Stop enjoying the moment, and just give her back! Let go of her hand!
Hagumi: We're not leaving without Kano-chan-senpai!
Misaki: We've been playing your games all night, I think it's about time you gave us a break... Kanon-san must be tired from being dragged around all night too.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, Hagumi-chan, Misaki-chan...
Kokoro: And besides, it's almost time for dinner. If you don't give Kanon back, everyone's going to go hungry!
Misaki: That's the problem here?!
Hagumi: That's right! I can already hear my stomach rumbling!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): True. My apologies for taking up so much of your time.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): My dear princess, do you wish to return to your friends?
Kanon: Yes..! I do!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... I see, as you wish.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Well then, indulge me in just one more game. A quiz.
Kokoro: Okay, I'll answer any question!
Hagumi: I'll do my best, too!
Misaki: This better not be another ridiculous question like the one from when we were in the gift store...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, it is but a simple quiz. What do you think it is that I wanted?
Misaki: How are we supposed to know that...?
Kokoro: I know!
Hagumi: Huh? You already worked out the answer?
Kokoro: Yeah. I know what it is. I had fun chasing you, Miss Thief. You had fun being chased too, right?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Very impressive. I expected nothing less of my soulmate.
Kokoro: Miss Thief, what you wanted was to have fun with everyone! Which is the same reason we are all on this ship!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Correct!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I had a great time with everyone. Thank you.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): As a token of my thanks, I shall return your princess to you.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Go back to your friends. I enjoyed our escape, my little kitten.
Kanon: Huh...?
Kokoro: Kanon's finally free! Come over here, quick!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Bon voyage! I look forward to the day we meet again.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Whoa, wh-what's with the smoke...?! I can't see a thing~!
Misaki: I didn't think she'd go as far as special effects...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Two Minutes Later]

Kanon: The smoke has finally cleared.
Kokoro: Oh...? Where did the thief go?!
Hagumi: Whaaat?! She disappeared?!
Kokoro: We had her cornered, and we were so close to catching her...!
Misaki: Oh well, what's not to be happy about? We got Kanon-san back safe and sound.
Kokoro: Are you okay, Kanon? You're not hurt?
Kanon: N-no. I'm fine.
Hagumi: Aww, I really wanted to catch the thief! I wanted to know why she kidnapped Kano-chan-senpai.
Misaki: Probably because she's the easiest choice... If it was you or Kokoro, the thief would probably go mad from the noise you make.
Kokoro: It kinda sounds fun to get kidnapped.  I wonder if she will choose me next time instead.
Misaki: I guarantee that won't happen...
Misaki: Anyway, why don't we go back inside? I'm sure Kanon-san needs a rest.
Kanon: Thanks, Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: That's true. It's getting cold too, let's go back inside!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's go!
