event03-01 Opening: The Suprise Luxury Cruise

The group has gathered to decide on a rehearsal day when Kokoro suggests a ride on a ship...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: Okay, can I have everyone's attention? Just in case you've forgotten, I'm Misaki Okusawa, Michelle's representative. I wanna schedule our next studio practice. What does everyone think of this day?
Kaoru: The drama club has a performance that day... As the dashing prince, I absolutely must be there. I am sorry I cannot attend practice, my little kittens.
Hagumi: I have a softball game that day, so I won't be able to make it! Sorry, Mii-kun!
Kanon: Hmm... I think I have my part-time job that day...
Misaki: It's not easy to find a day that works for everyone... I'd like to have a proper studio rehearsal one of these days.
Hagumi: It's kinda been a while since the last time we practiced in the studio together, huh?
Kaoru: It must be fate... We walk paths that may never intertwine.
Kaoru: Oh... how fleeting...
Kanon: Today was the only day we were able to get together, wasn't it? At the earliest, our next chance is in two weeks time...
Misaki: Well, I guess everyone can just practice on their own until then, or with other members that are free at the same time.
Kanon: Good idea, that might be the best way for now. What do you think, Kokoro-chan?
Kanon: Kokoro... chan?
Kokoro: I've made up my mind!!
Kanon: F-fue~~!
Kokoro: That's right, my mind is set! Let's go on a cruise!
Misaki: Excuse me? That's not even an answer... What on earth are you going on about?
Kokoro: A cruise, on a ship! The bigger the better. Everyone still has time today, right?
Kokoro: The weather is perfect today! We can't waste it! Let's go on a night cruise!
Hagumi: A cruise?! That's an awesome idea, Kokoron!! I wanna go!
Kaoru: Spending the night lost in thought, with a pleasant breeze brushing our cheeks... Yes, that could work quite nicely.
Misaki: Whoa-whoa-whoa, slow that right down. The whole point of meeting up today was to schedule a day we can practice together, right? What does a cruise have to do with anything...?
Kokoro: Just sitting around like this isn't exciting at all!
Misaki: It's not like we're meeting up today just to have a good time.
Kokoro: It's rare for us to be together like this, so we should be having fun! Let's do something exciting!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's go!!
Kaoru: I cannot wait.
Kanon: Umm... wh-what should we do, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: *sigh* The 3 dummies are beyond the point of no return now...  Let's just tag along for the time being.
Kokoro: It'd be a shame not to invite Michelle as well! Misaki, ask her to come!
Misaki: (That's not gonna work...)
Misaki: Umm, Michelle says she can't go on ships because she's too big for the entranceways.
Kokoro: Oh, really? In that case, we can just put her in a truck and load her on!
Misaki: Like cargo?! Really?! Uh, what I mean is... umm, Michelle gets really sea sick!
Kokoro: Oh, I see. I guess we can't do anything about that. Let's get a souvenir or something for her then.
Misaki: (Off the hook...)
The Suits: Kokoro-sama, the limousine awaits you. We can leave at your convenience.
Kokoro: Got it. Let's get going, everyone!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Okay~!
Misaki: I don't believe this...
Kanon: A-ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Three Hours Later]

[Inside The Limousine]

Hagumi: This is gonna be my first time to go on a cruise! I can't wait!
Kaoru: There is nothing quite like a ship. The sound of the horn carrying across the ocean... The smell of salt on the wind... Ahh, how fleeting...
Hagumi: Huh? That's such a cute dress, Kokoron!  When did you get changed?
Kokoro: I always wear this when I go on a ship!
Kokoro: Hmm-hm-hmm~♪ I have the feeling something fun is going to happen today!
The Suits: Kokoro-sama, we shall be arriving in five minutes. Please gather your things.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Port]

Hagumi: Wow! It's huge!
Kanon: We could see it clearly from far away, but I didn't it would be so big up close…
Kaoru: It says "KT Smile" on the side of the ship.
Misaki: Umm... I kinda just tagged along, but... where are we...?
Kokoro: We're at the port where we dock our ship.
Misaki: (When she said ship... I was just thinking it'd be a little ferry or something, not a massive cruise ship...  I knew she was rich, but man...)
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, why did you want to go on a cruise today?
Kokoro: Because I thought it would be fun, of course! C'mon, everyone, let's go!
Misaki: I'm sure I've said this before, but I really have no idea what goes through Kokoro's head.
Kaoru: There is no need for reasons. Don't think, feel... It's simple.
Hagumi: I totally feel it! I can't wait to go on the ship!
Kokoro: That's the spirit, Hagumi! Keep feeling it and jump right on!
Hagumi: Yay~! I'm gonna be first on deck!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, let's go too.
Misaki: Sure, why not? We've come this far.
Kaoru: Is everyone on board? I shall follow suit...
The Suits: Kaoru-sama, a moment please.
Kaoru: Hm? What is it?
The Suits: Well, you see... *whisper* ... The fact of the matter is... *whisper*
Kaoru: I see, in that case you have come to the right person. Allow me to have the honor.
