event70-07 Ending: Still a Step at a Time

Rinko finished playing her piece in the competition. How did she feel while she was on the stage...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Ako: Congrats~, Rin-rin!!
Rinko: Th-thank you, Ako-chan...
Lisa: Those results would've shocked anyone. I couldn't believe my ears when I heard they were giving you that gold plaque.
Sayo: I believe that was the prize for first place in the competition.
Rinko: I-it was a stroke of luck... that I had a good showing... A fluke... That's all...
Yukina: No need to be so modest. You should hold your head high.
Yukina: Talentless individuals could never hope of having a stellar performance like that fall into their laps.
Lisa: Hahaha, she's right about that.
Lisa: Putting on a show like that is amazing, and in front of such a big crowd, too.
Ako: Rin-rin, you've managed to conquer your fears!
Rinko: Does it seem that way...? I personally don't believe so...
Sayo: Do you mean it doesn't feel that way to you?
Rinko: Y-yes. What I do know is that I had fun with my performance...
Rinko: But I was also a nervous wreck... terrified during my entire time up on stage...
Rinko: That's why... I don't feel as though I've conquered anything...
Yukina: That's simply how it goes.
Rinko: Yukina-san...
Yukina: Despite the stress and the fear... you enjoyed your time under the spotlight, didn't you?
Rinko: Y-yes...!
Yukina: Overcoming an obstacle doesn't only mean ridding yourself of fear.
Yukina: Finding the strength to confront that fear and defiantly press forward... I believe that is another way to overcome something.
Yukina: That is precisely what you have done.
Rinko: Thank you very much...
Rinko: Hearing that from you... may be just enough... for me to find a little bit of self-confidence...
Ako: Nah, you definitely deserve to have way more than a little~! It should be enough to go "boom!"
Sayo: Shirokane-san should be allowed to move at her own pace.
Lisa: Fufu, but Rinko sure was cool up on that stage by herself~!
Lisa: From here on, why not try getting up in front of people more often?
Rinko: N-no, thank you... I accepted this challenge... so I could attempt to overcome my fears...
Rinko: But I don't feel like... making this a regular thing... I'm sorry...
Lisa: Hahaha, can't say I blame you.
Yukina: Oh my, not willing to try?
Rinko: Yukina-san...?
Yukina: Rinko, you wish to change, correct?
Yukina: If so, then don't set your own limits. Challenge yourself to do things that you don't believe are in your power.
Yukina: If you do that, you're sure to discover a new and improved you.
Rinko: Yes... you're right...
Rinko: I will continue to pursue new challenges... until the day when I can hold my head high...
