event265-01 Opening: The Lost Smile

Is she the one who stole Charley’s smile...? Kokoro is haunted by the thought.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Roof]

Hagumi: Wow, I thought it was a regular croquette, but it’s actually a creamy one!
Misaki: Huh, that’s rare. But you like both, don’t you?
Hagumi: Yeah! What about you, Kokoron? What’d you get in your lunch?
Kokoro: Hmm...
Misaki: ...Kokoro, you’ve been sitting there with your arms crossed for a while now. Just eat your lunch already.
Kokoro: You're right. I do want to eat. I’m really hungry.
Kokoro: But—
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Charlotte: Because I believed in you, I have no more smiles in my daily life!
Charlotte: Kokoro Tsurumaki! I'll never forgive you for taking away my smile!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kokoro: ...Did I really take her smile away?
Misaki: So that’s what you’ve been thinking about?
Kokoro: Yes. If I did, then I have to give it back.
Hagumi: Chari-rin was really, really mad... Do you think maybe she hates Kokoron now?
Misaki: I mean... she kind of already did, even before coming to Japan... no, well, yeah...
Misaki: At the very least, it’s probably true that she had a rough time back in France.
Misaki: (And... she thinks Kokoro was the reason for that too.)
Hagumi: She said she ended up all alone... right?
Misaki: Yeah. And that school didn’t leave her with any good memories...
Hagumi: So maybe she’s still not enjoying herself, even now...?
Misaki: ...Could be. It kinda seems like she only came here for revenge.
Hagumi: Ugh... But that’s so sad. She came all the way to our school.
Hagumi: I want to make Chari-rin smile again...!
Misaki: I feel the same way... But I don’t think this time will go like it usually does.
Kokoro: Oh my, why’s that?
Misaki: Because... she’s mad at you, Kokoro. She thinks you did something awful to her.
Misaki: When things are that tense, telling her to smile is just going to backfire.
Kokoro: Tense... You mean Charley and I are fighting?
Misaki: Well duh, that's what we've been talking about...? Wait, I guess all she ever said was “revenge”, huh...
Misaki: (Even if Kokoro doesn’t realize she did anything, it might not be right to call it a fight when it’s a one-sided grudge from Misono-san’s side...)
Hagumi: Then then, Kokoron and Chari-rin need to make up!
Hagumi: If they make up and become friends again, she’s bound to smile!
Kokoro: That’s the spirit, Hagumi! But... what exactly do you have to do to “make up”?
Kokoro: When you talked about your “big operation to make Chari-rin smile”, she didn’t smile at all.
Hagumi: Actually, I’ve been thinking about that too... But I’ve hardly ever had a fight before, so I can’t think of anything else...
Kokoro & Hagumi: Hmm......
Misaki: Well, yeah, that figures.
Hagumi: Mii-kun, are you good at making up?
Misaki: I wouldn’t say I’m good at it... But I’ve had normal arguments before, sure.
Kokoro: How did you make up then?
Misaki: Uh... I’d say stuff like “I was in the wrong” or “Sorry, I went too far”... We both apologized, kinda thing.
Kokoro: Got it! Then I just have to apologize too!
Misaki: No, I mean, that’s just one way to do it. Besides, knowing you—
Kokoro: But what am I supposed to apologize for?
Misaki: ...Yeah, you don’t get it. Then don’t apologize yet.
Hagumi: Uuugh, making up is hard... What should Kokoron do to make up with Chari-rin?
Kokoro: Don’t worry, Hagumi.
Kokoro: There’s definitely a way for us to make up.
