event265-03 Chapter 2: How to Make Up

Wanting to make up with Charlotte, Kokoro tries coming up with all sorts of ideas, but...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Kokoro: Hmm...
Kaoru: Hey, Kokoro. How are you feeling?
Kanon: Hi, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Kaoru! Kanon! Welcome! You're here early!
Kanon: Yeah. It’s a bit early for the strategy meeting... But I wanted to talk to you first.
Kaoru: We asked the bodyguards where you were, and they pointed us here.
Kaoru: ...Still, you’re really surrounded by books. Mind telling us what you were reading?
Kokoro: They’re all about making up! Stories about reconciliation, guides on how to make up...
Kanon: ...You want to make up with Charlotte-chan, right?
Kokoro: Yes! Otherwise, I won’t be able to make Charley smile!
Kokoro: So right now, I’ve been thinking about what I can do to make up with her.
Kokoro: Oh, I know. What do you two do when you fight with someone?
Kaoru: Hmm, let’s see... When it comes to making up, what really matters is sincerity. If it were me, I’d give them a heartfelt bouquet of roses.
Kokoro: Wow, a bouquet of roses! That’s lovely!
Kaoru: Though for some reason, when I gave one to Chisato, she made a really grim face.
Kokoro: Oh... I guess she doesn’t like roses. What about you, Kanon?
Kanon: Uh, hmm... I think having a relaxed talk helps, so... maybe invite them for tea or something?
Kokoro: That sounds great! I’ve got lots of delicious tea and sweets at home!
Kokoro: Let’s get everything ready right away!
Kanon: Ah... Wait, Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: ? What is it?
Kanon: Well... I think there are lots of different ways to make up.
Kanon: Depending on what caused the fight, and who it was with... What works best might be totally different.
Kaoru: That’s true. What we just said is just how we would make up.
Kaoru: We can’t say for sure that it’d be the best way for you.
Kaoru: You might need to find your own way to make up with Charlotte-chan.
Kokoro: I need to find it myself...
Kaoru: Sorry we couldn’t be more help, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Don’t be! You helped me realize that I have to find the way to make up with Charley!
Kanon: But we can still think it over together.
Kaoru: Yeah. As the great Shakespeare once said...
Kaoru: “Three heads are better than one.”
Kanon: ...Pretty sure he didn’t say that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class]

Arisa: Um, for now, let’s have each class sit together—
Misaki: ...Wow, this many people came to help with the event?
Hagumi: It’s gonna be a super lively and fun live!
Misaki: (.....But there’s just one thing I’m worried about...)
Charlotte: Hello, Okusawa-san, Kitazawa-san.
Hagumi: Chari-rin! Are you helping out with the event too?
Charlotte: Of course. Since I’m studying abroad, I want to take part in as many school events as I can.
Charlotte: If I’m not mistaken, Hello, Happy World! will be performing at the live too, correct?
Hagumi: Yeah! We’re gonna put on a super fun show and make everyone at school smile!
Charlotte: I see... I’ll be looking forward to it. Well then.
Misaki: (Yikes, her eyes weren’t smiling at all...)
Misaki: (I knew it... She’s definitely planning something. I need to keep a close eye on Misono-san.)
Arisa: …I don’t know why, but I feel kinda fired up.
Misaki: ...Huh?
Arisa: You know, that girl just now... Misono-san, was it? She chose this place to study abroad... So like, I want her to have some good memories here.
Misaki: .........
Arisa: ...Wait. Did I say something weird...?
Misaki: No, not at all. I was just thinking the same thing the other day.
Misaki: We want Misono-san to smile too, right?
