event265-02 Chapter 1: Wanting to Cheer You Up

Kokoro stops showing up to the student council room. Meanwhile, a new event proposal arrives from a student—

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Ah, sorry, Okusawa-san. Could you grab that stack of papers? The club budget ones.
Misaki: Club budget... club budget... Wait, which ones are those again?
Hagumi: Found them! Here you go, Aa-chan!
Arisa: Thanks, Kitazawa-san.
Arisa: ...Tsurumaki-san hasn’t come by the student council room lately. Did something happen...?
Misaki: Ah... yeah, kind of. She’s been lost in thought nonstop these past few days.
Misaki: Well, it was weird to begin with, her hanging out here all the time.
Arisa: Ahaha... true. But now that she’s not here, it feels weird in a different way.
Hagumi: Yeah. I miss her too...
Misaki: Technically, you're not part of the council either, y’know...
Student Council Member A: Excuse me. President... Vice President. Do you have a moment?
Misaki: Oh, yeah. Sure.
Student Council Member B: There’s something I wanted to ask you... I’d like to organize an event at school, right before summer break.
Arisa: ...An event?
Student Council Member A: Yes! I saw last year’s live you streamed for the graduates... It was amazing, and it really stuck with me!
Student Council Member B: I think the new students are still feeling a little uneasy... So I thought, maybe we could cheer them up with a fun live show!
Student Council Member A: To plan it all out, I wanted to hear about how things went back then from you two.
Misaki: I see... Planning an event like that is a great idea, and the concept sounds fun too, but...
Arisa: We weren’t the ones who started that live in the first place.
Hagumi: But I know for a fact Mii-kun and Aa-chan worked really hard on it!
Student Council Member A: That’s right! We saw it too!
Student Council Member B: So please... I hope you'll consider it!
Arisa: Well, there you have it. What do you think, President?
Misaki: I mean, with our underclassmen asking this nicely, how could we say no? And the Vice President seems up for it too.
Misaki & Arisa: ...Fufu
Misaki: It sounds like it’s going to be a big project, but... Let’s give it our best shot together.
Student Council Member A: Thank you so much!
Student Council Member B: There’s one more thing I’d like to ask... Would it be possible for Poppin'Party and Hello, Happy World! to perform at the live too!?
Misaki & Arisa: What?!
Arisa: President... this sounds like it’s gonna be a lot of work.
Misaki: Vice President, looks like we’ve got no choice but to go all in. Ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: So, with that in mind, we're planning a live for the day of the closing ceremony— Kanon-san, Kaoru-san, are you available?
Kanon: No problem. I’m really looking forward to seeing the underclassmen.
Kaoru: I’m good too. If it’s for our little kittens, I’ll gladly rush to their side.
Misaki: Thank goodness... Sorry for springing it on you after the fact.
Misaki: Hagumi, Kokoro, you’re good too, right? Well it's our own school's ceremony, so surely you'd be fine.
Hagumi: Of course! We’re always good to go! Right, Kokoron?
Kokoro: Hmm...
Hagumi: Kokoron?
Kokoro: Oh my, Hagumi, what is it? Were you talking to me just now?
Misaki: ...We’re planning a live on the day of the closing ceremony. I’m thinking we should go for it—are you okay with that?
Kokoro: That sounds wonderful! In that case, let’s put on a show that’ll make everyone in school smile!
Kokoro: If that’s what we’re doing... Then yeah, I think I need to make up with Charley first.
Kokoro: Otherwise, even if Charley sees the live, she might not be able to smile.
Kokoro: Hmm...
Kanon: Um, Misaki-chan... What’s going on with Kokoro-chan...?
Kaoru: She looks more serious than usual.
Misaki: Seems like she wants to make up with Misono-san... She said if she wants to make that girl smile again, that’s the first step.
Misaki: But she’s not sure how to go about it...
Kanon: ...I see. Kokoro-chan really wants to make Charlotte-chan smile again.
Kanon: If it were me, after being scolded like that, I’d be too scared to even go near her... She’s amazing.
Kaoru: ...Yeah. But making up with her won’t be easy for Kokoro either.
Kaoru: Let’s do what we can to support her.
