event265-04 Chapter 3: Put yourself in their shoes

Unable to figure out how to make things right, Kokoro finds comfort in Kanon and Kaoru’s kindness.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: How about we go see the circus together?
Kokoro: If we watch the show and get all excited, maybe I can make up with Charley!
Kanon: The circus, huh... It does sound fun, but...
Kokoro: Oh! Visiting Misaki’s grandma’s place could work too! If we eat some of her delicious curry, we’ll forget all about the fight!
Kaoru: Hmm... The problem is whether Charlotte-chan would even agree to come along.
Kokoro: Hmmmm... You’re right...
Kanon: Why don’t we take a break? Thinking too hard just wears you out.
Kaoru: Good idea. Forcing it won’t bring us a brilliant plan.
Kokoro: Making up is really hard... What should I do for Charley?
Kanon: .........
Kanon: Why do you think Charlotte-chan is angry?
Kokoro: ? Because I did something terrible to her, right?
Kanon: Yeah... That’s what Charlotte-chan said, but... It was a really long time ago, wasn’t it?
Kanon: It just feels weird that she’s held onto it this whole time and came back now for revenge... Maybe I’m overthinking it?
Kaoru: No... You might be onto something.
Kaoru: It’s not uncommon to not even understand your own feelings. No matter how many words you put together, they might not reflect how you truly feel... Sometimes you even convince yourself they’re the truth.
Kaoru: Maybe Kokoro, you need to think a little more about what Charlotte-chan is feeling.
Kokoro: Me, think about Charley’s... feelings...?
Kaoru: Yeah. What part of you made her angry? What can’t she forgive? And what does she want you to do?
Kaoru: If you think about that, I’m sure you’ll start to see what you need to make up with her.
Kaoru: How about trying to imagine yourself as Charlotte-chan? Try tracing her feelings... Like when you played Rapunzel in the musical.
Kokoro: Okay, I’ll give it a try. I’ll become Charley and feel what she feels—
Kokoro: Let’s see... We met when we were little...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: She wanted to make the world smile, just like I did.
Kokoro: But then she had to move to France...
Kokoro: She couldn’t make people smile anymore, and ended up all alone.
Kokoro: Then she sent me a letter, but...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: .........
Kaoru: According to Charlotte-chan, you didn’t help her.
Kaoru: And that’s where we are now...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan. If you were her... how would you feel?
Kanon: Would you... get angry?
Kokoro: ...I wouldn’t be angry. If something didn’t work out, I’d just try to find another way.
Kokoro: So I probably wouldn’t give up on making the world smile either.
Kanon: Yeah... That sounds just like you, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: But you know...
Kanon & Kaoru: ...?
Kokoro: When I tried thinking like Charley... my chest started to feel all fuzzy.
Kanon: ...!
Kaoru: Let’s think a little more about that fuzzy feeling.
Kokoro: Yeah... I feel like I’ve felt this fuzziness before, somewhere...
Kanon: Where was it...?
Kokoro: Hmm............
Kokoro: ...Remember when Misaki was feeling down before?
Kokoro: She told me I didn’t understand how she felt. This fuzzy feeling is kind of like that.
Kanon: Yeah... Is there anything else?
Kokoro: Let’s see...
Kokoro: After I said I’d stay in Kingdom of Happinelle... When I couldn’t think of anything fun anymore...!
Kokoro: My chest felt fuzzy, my nose stung, and tears started falling on their own...
Kokoro: What’s the name of this feeling...?
Kanon & Kaoru: .........
