event71-05 Chapter 4: Painting The Town White

The five of them stop by an arcade. Is Chisato going to try out the crane game...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Arcade]

Ako: Ah! Look... It's NFA! I didn't know it was already out~!
Tsugumi: Did you find something?
Ako: Neo Fantasy Arcade! The arcade version of a game that I play! I knew they were making it, but I had no idea it was already playable!
Ako: I'm gonna go check it out!
Chisato: Ako-chan, we're not here to-! And there she goes.
Kokoro: Why the long face, Chisato? I think we might find something nice in a place like this.
Chisato: I doubt there's anything worthwhile in an arcade...
Kokoro: Maybe there isn't... or maybe there is! And Ako is having so much fun over there. Staying for a little while wouldn't hurt, would it?
Ako: Wow~! This is amazing~!
Kokoro: See, looks like she's spotted something. I'm going to join her! I hope you'll find something fun to do too, Chisato!
Chisato: Find something fun...?
Chisato: Sigh... I'm starting to think there's no point in getting worked up.
Tae: Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: Yes?
Tae: Are you good at crane games?
Chisato: No, I've never even tried one.
Tae: Oh... How about you, Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: I'm terrible at them. Why?
Chisato: ... Ah~, so you must have seen what was inside that one, huh?
Tsugumi: Whoa, those rabbit plushies are huge! They must be hard to get.
Tae: That one looks a lot like Oddie. I wonder how it feels...
Chisato: ... Why don't we give it a try, if you're that interested?
Tae: Huh? You don't mind?
Chisato: Ako-chan and Kokoro-chan already ran off to play their own game, so we might as well do something while we wait.
Tae: Okay.
(Black cut)
Tae: Yes...! I got it...!
Tsugumi: Ah, nice one! You actually lifted it!
Chisato: Only a little further to the hole... Ah!
Tae: This is difficult... Would you like to try next, Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: Who, me?! S-sure, I'll give a try... Here goes!
Chisato: Oh dear... I think you went a tad too far. It seems important to watch not only from the front but also from the side.
Tae: Care to give it a try, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: Me? I doubt I'll be of any use. Are you sure?
Tae: Since you're already here, yeah. And I've got this feeling that you'll be able to pull it off.
Chisato: Fufu, I can't imagine why. But now that you've said that, I'll have to make certain not to let you down.
Chisato: Okay... Here goes nothing!
(Black cut)
Ako: Man, that was a blast~! Sorry for the wait, g- Whoa~! Now that's a big rabbit plushie! Did you win that?!
Tae: Yes, Chisato-senpai did.
Kokoro: Amazing, Chisato! So you were hiding that skill from us, were you?!
Chisato: Fufu, it was only a fluke. The tag somehow got snagged on the claw. Beginner's luck and nothing more. Here, Tae-chan, you can have it.
Tae: Huh? But...
Chisato: It would be happiest with the person who appreciates it the most.
Tae: Th-thank you very much! ... Fufu, it feels like I'm hugging the real Oddie.
Tsugumi: Ako-chan, were you two playing games the whole time?
Ako: Yep! And get this! It helped me come up with... Er, I mean, remember an idea for a White-Day gift!
Tsugumi: Really? What is it?
Ako: For Valentine's Day, Rin-rin farmed a game item that I had been wanting! And I haven't paid her back for it yet!
Ako: So, I want to give her a super cool item that'll suit her character!
Kokoro: That's great, Ako! See, aren't you glad we came, Chisato?
Chisato: Fufu... You're right. Ako-chan achieved her goal, and the crane game was fun as well.
Tae: With that, Tsugumi and Ako have both decided on their White-Day gifts. How is yours coming along, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Me? Don't worry, I've already thought of mine!
Ako: When did that happen?! What is it~?
Kokoro: Fufufu, you'll have to wait and see! Alright, everyone, time to head out!
Black Suit: Kokoro-sama, all of the preparations have been made. The car awaits your arrival.
Chisato: Wh-where'd they come from...?!
Tsugumi: The suit people from Kokoro-chan's house?!
Kokoro: Alright, up next: my White Day!
