event71-03 Chapter 2: What is White Day?

Chisato, Tsugumi, Ako, Kokoro, and Tsugumi all have a meeting to talk about White Day.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Sorry for the wait. Uhhh... So why are you four together today?
Tae: Because it's White Day.
Tsugumi: Huh?! Wait, are you sure?!
Tae: All of us have blank, white schedules today.
Tsugumi: Blank, white schedules... Is that some kind of wordplay? If so, I suppose it's White Day for me, as well.  I'm helping out at the store because I had nothing else planned.
Tae: Then it's a white day for all of us.
Chisato: Putting Tae-chan's joke aside, we were thinking about how to spend the real White Day. Do you have any plans, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: None at the moment, no. I've already exchanged chocolate on Valentine's Day, so I'm still thinking about how to spend White Day...
Chisato: Sounds like we're all in the same boat, then. How about Hello, Happy World! and Roselia?
Ako: Same with Roselia! But actually, Rin-rin gave me some really pretty, super cool chocolate, so I'd like to give back something that's just as amazing!
Kokoro: Everyone in Hello, Happy World! has given me so much to smile about! So, my return gift is going to be giving back those smiles in kind!
Tae: The gift of smiling... Sounds nice. It suits both you and your band well, Kokoro.
Chisato: May I ask how you plan on doing that?
Kokoro: That's what I'm gonna think about now! And all of you can help!
Chisato: You don't say... I do believe you may be onto something, though.
Chisato: White Day can simply be an opportunity to do something for your loved ones. It should be enough that it makes the people you cherish happy.
Tsugumi: Wow... That's a terrific idea! If we did that, the return gifts wouldn't have to be limited to sweets.
Tae: Ah, that's another thing they mentioned on TV this morning. Items like knick-knacks, accessories, and cosmetics were said to be popular.
Ako: Sounds like stuff more mature people would give! You know, things like matching accessories and whatnot. I like it!
Chisato: Hand lotions, lipstick, or even simple consumables may also work.
Ako: Consumables?
Chisato: Items that are gone after one use.
Tae: I've been thinking... What does the "white" in White Day stand for, anyway?
Ako: What brought that on?
Tae: We've been going on and on about White Day this whole time, but I realized that I don't even know what it really is.
Tsugumi: If memory serves, Valentine's Day comes from a person named Valentine.
Kokoro: Which means White Day was made by someone with the name White!
Chisato: There is no specific reason behind its namesake. Japan's confectionery industry simply made it up. It doesn't appear to exist in other countries.
Ako: I had no idea~. Chisa-senpai, you sure know a lot! Way cool~!
Tae: But there are other similar phrases like "white Christmas."
Chisato: That expression refers to the snowy scenery during the winter, so I think that's a bit different.
Kokoro: But if it actually did snow on White Day, then it would be even whiter than it usually is!
Tsugumi: Hm... but I don't think we'll see any snow in March.
Kokoro: That's true. But any kind of white landscape would work, right? Even if it wasn't snow?
Tae: I'd like to think so. That would make it an actual white day.
Kokoro: Now that's interesting! Hey, I just came up with a really great idea!
Chisato: From that conversation...? Well, I'm glad that you thought of something, Kokoro-chan.
Chisato: So... Does everyone have a better understanding of what to do for the holiday?
Tae: More than I did this morning, yes. You were a big help, Chisato-senpai.
Ako: Yep, I bet I can find something interesting now!
Chisato: Glad to hear it. Alright, I think this a good place for us to go our sepa-...
Kokoro: I say we go out and look some more! There are plenty of things that we'll never find by just sitting here!
Ako: Count me in~! Let's do it! You should come, too, Tsugu-chin!
Tsugumi: Who, me?! Uhm, let me go ask my mother.
Tae: Come along, Chisato-senpai. We're off in search of our White Day.
Chisato: ... So it would seem... Sigh.
