event71-07 Ending: A Colorful White Day

In the end, Chisato and Tae didn't figure out what they should do on White day, but...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Station Entrance]

Ako: Man, that was a blast! The whole theme park looked really pretty!
Kokoro: Fufufu♪ I'm so happy that I could bring out everyone's smiles!
Tsugumi: What an exciting white day! Even if it wasn't the real one.
Tae: I had a lot of fun as well. This was supposed to be a blank day, completely empty and white, but it wasn't white at all.
Chisato: And yet, it ended with that dazzling white spectacle.
Tsugumi: Fufu, hearing the word "white" being used over and over again makes it feel like it's lost all its meaning!
Ako: Ah, it's like that gesundheit something or other! You know, that one cool phrase!
Chisato: The Gestaltzerfall phenomenon, you mean?
Ako: That's the one! It's like, "And so began the Gestaltzerfall phenomenon...!"
Tsugumi: Are you sure you're using that term the right way...?
Chisato: Okay, it's getting rather late, so perhaps we should call it a day.
Tsugumi: I think you're right. Chisato-san, thank you very much for today!
Tsugumi: I was able to find some nice White-Day gifts. It really was a lot of fun!
Chisato: I didn't do a thing... but I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Tsugumi: Did you ever decide what your return gift will be?
Chisato: Now that you mention it, I haven't come up with anything yet. But there is still plenty of time before then, so I'll take my time thinking it over.
Tsugumi: If you need help with anything, please let me know!
Chisato: Thank you, Tsugumi-chan.
Ako: Alright, time to head home and grind for Rin-rin's present! That item has a lot of required materials~.
Kokoro: Ako, you really do love video games, don't you? I think it's wonderful that you can enjoy something so much!
Ako: Hehehe, you really think so? Maybe we can play again soon!
Kokoro: Yeah! I couldn't really understand the controls, but all the flashy effects were exciting!
Ako: Alright, I'm heading out. Bye-bye~!
Kokoro: Take care, everyone! Bye-bye!
Tsugumi: I think I'd better go, too. Goodbye!
Tae & Chisato: Bye-bye! Goodbye!
Chisato: ... I believe that's our cue to leave, as well.
Tae: Alright. ... Ah, Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: Yes?
Tae: Thank you very much for today.
Chisato: First, it was Tsugumi-chan, and now you. Why are you thanking me? I didn't contribute anything in the end.
Chisato: I couldn't even help you figure out what to do for your White Day.
Tae: My White Day... I suppose so, but that's okay.
Tae: At first, I was worried about how to spend a day with so much free time and nothing to do.
Tae: But thanks to you being there, there wasn't a single dull moment.
Chisato: I feel the same way. Originally... I honestly had no clue how to spend my day, either. Thanks to you and the others, however, it was very enjoyable.
Chisato: And it was you who put everything into motion, Tae-chan. I should be the one offering my thanks.
Tae: Not at all. I'm the one who is indebted to you.
Tae: You managed to get this cute rabbit plushie for me, so I'll have to return the favor somehow.
Chisato: Return the favor? No, that's... Wait. This back-and-forth is never going to end if we don't stop now.
Tae: Fufu, most likely.
Chisato: Taking a normal day and hanging out without any plan in mind wasn't all that bad. It was a first for me.
Tae: ... Now there's an idea. Maybe it would be best to celebrate the real White Day in a similar way.
Chisato: In a similar way?
Tae: Exactly like we did today... Yes, I think that'll make for a fine White Day. No doubt.
Tae: See you later, Chisato-senpai. Take care.
Chisato: Huh? Okay... Goodbye.
Chisato: What on earth could she have meant...? It was only our first time spending the day together, but as I thought, she is certainly one tough nut to crack...
Chisato: I better get going as well.
Chisato: ... Now to think of what to do for Pastel＊Palettes' White Day. It should be an experience that everyone can enjoy...
