event71-02 Chapter 1: Overlapping White Days

As they ponder what White Day is for, the two of them visit a candy store.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Candy Shop]

Tae: I knew you'd know a good place, Chisato-senpai. But why here?
Chisato: Why...? Tae-chan, don't you want to think about White Day together?
Tae: Ah, you're right. I did.
Chisato: Why are you surprised...? Never mind. Okay, the staple return gift on White Day is candy, correct? If you look around, the perfect item may present itself.
Tae: That makes sense. And they do have a lot of candy to choose from.
Chisato: That's right. Do you like sweets, Tae-chan?
Tae: I do. I'm especially fond of red-bean soup. Anything with red beans in it, really. How about you?
Chisato: Yes, I enjoy sweets, as well. Due to my line of work, however, I avoid them as much as possible.
Tae: Idols sure do have it rough.
Chisato: I'm used to it now. Ah, but there is one thing that occasionally becomes an issue.
Chisato: Sweets are among the most common gifts I receive at work. And while I am grateful for that, there are times when I cannot possibly eat them all, so I split them among the other staff members.
Tae: I see... Maybe we had better go with something other than candy, then...
Chisato: I don't see the problem with giving candy to a normal girl, so long as they don't dislike sweets.
Tae: Hmmm... Huh? Over there, isn't that...
Ako: Hm? Ah, Tae! Chisa-senpai! Are the two of you shopping together? I never would have imagined~!
Chisato: ... Yes, it's turning out to be a rather unique experience. How about you, Ako-chan?
Ako: I came to buy some White-Day gifts for everyone in Roselia, but I couldn't really find anything cool.
Tae: Oh, we're also thinking of what to do for White Day.
Ako: Whoa, really?! Okay then, let me join you! If anyone would know how to find a super cool present, it's you, Chisa-senpai!
Tae: Sure, no problem.
Chisato: U-uhm, Tae-chan? I'm not too familiar with what Ako-chan likes...
Tae: You say that, but you're the one who's gonna come to her rescue, aren't you, Chisato-senpai?
Ako: Hooray~! Thanks, Chisa-senpai!
Chisato: ... I suppose I have no choice now. In any case, we should go ahead and leave. We'll only cause trouble for the staff by noisily loitering around the store without buying anything.
Tae & Ako: Okay~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Tae: Alright, where to next?
Chisato: Well, if we're at a loss for what to do, I say we... head our separate ways! Any objections?
Tae: Fufu. Chisato-senpai, you're so funny.
Chisato: It wasn't really a joke...
Kokoro: Ah! Hello, everyone!
Ako: Hey, it's Kokoro! Morning! What are you up to?
Kokoro: Good morning! I'm just looking around, trying to see what fun things I can find!
Ako: We're looking for return gifts for White Day~.
Kokoro: White Day...? Ah, isn't that when people give each other things like candy or marshmallows?
Tae: White Day for Chisato-senpai and me is different.
Kokoro: Oh~? What's White Day for you?
Tae: The answer to that... is still white for us.
Kokoro: Still white? What do you mean? ... Ah! Wait, this is some sort of riddle, isn't it?!
Tae: A riddle? In a way, yes. One that even we don't have the answer to yet.
Kokoro: You don't? That must be one tough riddle, then. Here, let me help you think! It sounds like a lot of fun!
Ako: Kokoro is coming, too?! Nice~! Looking together as a group should make it easier to find something good! Isn't that right, Chisa-senpai?
Chisato: Huh? Yes... I would think so.
Tae: Are you okay?
Chisato: I'm fine. Just a bit of a headache coming on. For now... why don't we find a nice, quiet place to discuss the matter?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa C- Huh?
Tae & Ako: Hello. Hello~!
Kokoro: Don't mind us, Tsugumi!
Chisato: Tsugumi-chan... Good afternoon.
Tsugumi: H-hello. And welcome. A rather unusual group, I'd say.
Chisato: Isn't it? I'm still in a state of shock myself. Anyway, room for a party of four?
