event71-04 Chapter 3: The Search for Gifts

Ako, Tae, and Kokoro are living it up at the shopping mall. Meanwhile, Chisato and Tsugumi...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Ako: I bet you're happy you were able to come, Tsugu-chin!
Chisato: I'm sorry for getting you roped into this, Tsugumi-chan...
Tsugumi: Wh-why are you apologizing? My mother said she can manage the store without me, so please don't concern yourself over it!
Tsugumi: I've also been wondering what to do for White Day, so the timing was perfect!
Tae: Our White-Day group is five people strong. Should our team name be the White-Day Five?
Kokoro: Wow, now that's a fun title! You've got a good sense for naming things, Tae!
Ako: Aw~, we should go with something cooler if anything! If it were up to me, I'd go with~... The Snowy White... Hm... Snowy White... Girls with Free Time?
Chisato: Listen, everyone. We're here to find gift ideas for White Day. It's fine to enjoy ourselves, but don't forget our objective.
Tsugumi: You seem excited for this, Chisato-san! I'll follow your lead and do my best to find the perfect present!
Chisato: L-lovely... Why am I being made out as the one who's most eager?
Kokoro: Look! A big bear is handing out balloons over there!
Ako: Haha, that character kind of looks like Michelle.
Tae: ...! They have rabbit balloons... Be right back.
Chisato: ...
Tsugumi: Uh-oh~. Uhhh... Listen, everyone! I'd like to check out that knick-knack shop over there. Would that be okay?
Kokoro: Oh, what a cute little store! And it's decorated with clown dolls!
Tae: A piggy bank... But it's a bunny. Let's go.
Ako: Ah! Those stickers seem kind of cool!
Tsugumi: Phew...
Chisato: ... Thank you, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: It was my pleasure! I think I now know why you apologized to me earlier, though...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Knick-Knack Shop]

Chisato: Was there something here that caught your eye?
Tsugumi: No, nothing like that. I thought that this would be the best option for finding things that everyone in Afterglow would like.
Chisato: How did your Valentine's Day go with them?
Tsugumi: Himari-chan poured her heart into it this year, so we had a ton of fun!
Tsugumi: We were able to make such a wonderful Afterglow memory, so I'd really like to return the favor somehow.
Chisato: I could see that... Having such hard-working people around often means their energy rubs off on you.
Tsugumi: Is that true for you, too?
Chisato: Yes. With Pastel＊Palettes, we had our Aya-chan, and she's quite the busy bee. She put so much effort into Valentine's Day, she lost sleep over it... Fufu.
Chisato: Perhaps it would be best if I did give something back...
Tsugumi: Ah, these are so adorable~! Come have a look at these bath bombs!
Chisato: Oh my, and in the shape of candy.
Tsugumi: How interesting! And they come in a variety of scents and colors. This one is lemon, and that one is strawberry!
Chisato: Fufu, they do seem like fun. Do you like bath products?
Tsugumi: Hehehe... You could say that, yes. I like using them, of course, but they're also fun to collect! It's surprising how many cute and stylish designs there are.
Chisato: True, they all do seem rather lovely. Honestly, seeing you act so excited kind of makes me want some as well.
Tsugumi: I-it does?
Chisato: Of course. It was like watching the shopping channel... Yes, I do believe these would make for lovely gifts. And if anyone could pick out good ones, it would be you.
Tsugumi: You know... Ran-chan isn't too big on actual sweets, but I think she wouldn't mind these because they're only shaped like candy!
Tsugumi: Okay, I've decided that Afterglow will get these!
Chisato: I'm glad that you were able to find something nice.
Tsugumi: It's all thanks to you, Chisato-san! Hehe, now, who should get what~?
Chisato: Take your time thinking it over. I'm going to look around a bit.
Tsugumi: Okay!
Chisato: ... Hmmm. Where are the other three? I don't see them anywhere. What could they be up to?
Ako: Hahaha, check this out~! It's a cosplay corner. Look, they've got rabbit ears!
Tae: ... I better try them on.
Kokoro: And I think these are bear ears. Wouldn't it be fun if we all pretended to be animals?!
Chisato: Okay, you three... You can have your fun, but do keep your voices down, okay?
