event71-01 Opening: A Clear White Day

It's been a while since Chisato had a day off.  While she's thinking about how to spend it, Tae shows up.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: (My first day off in a while... What is there to do? I came all the way out here, but...)
Chisato: (Maybe some quiet time at a cafe, or-)
Tae: Happy White Day, Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: ... Huh?
Tae: I said Happy White Day.
Chisato: ... I was confused by what you said and how abrupt it was, not because I couldn't hear you. Anyway, let's start over. Good morning, Tae-chan.
Tae: Good morning, Chisato-senpai. Today is White Day.
Chisato: ... Unless my calendar is mistaken, it's still a tad early for White Day, I'm afraid.
Tae: ... What is White Day, anyway?
Chisato: Is it not the day to reciprocate gifts received on Valentine's Day?
Tae: I both received and gave chocolate on Valentine's Day, so I suppose my return gifts are already taken care of.
Chisato: I suppose they are. You're speaking of Poppin'Party, yes? Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes also exchanged chocolates with one another, so I'm not planning anything for White Day, either.
Tae: Maybe we should be, though.
Chisato: Why is that?
Tae: I'm not sure. It's something that I've thought about. We have a day called White Day, and it would probably be best to actually celebrate it.
Tae: But when I tried to think about what the holiday actually is, nothing came to mind. I just drew blanks. Colorless and uninteresting ideas... Everything white.
Chisato: I-I see... In that case, why not discuss it with the rest of Poppin'Party?
Tae: I thought the same thing and tried to message the others this morning, but they already have their own plans.
Chisato: That's a shame. But why the sudden interest in White Day? Do you like customs like that?
Tae: They're alright. Anyway, it all started this morning.
Tae: I woke up, ate breakfast, then fed my rabbits.
Chisato: Yes, I do recall you owning quite a few of them.
Tae: Afterward, I thought about playing guitar for a bit... but then I remembered that I sent the one I usually play in for maintenance.
Chisato: ... So you couldn't actually play anything.
Tae: No, unfortunately. I don't have work today, either. While I was thinking about how to spend my day, I turned on the TV... and that's when I saw it. A special program about White Day.
Chisato: ... And then?
Tae: That's all.
Chisato: Uhhh, so what is the connection between guitars and rabbits?
Tae: A very precious bond that I share with both of them.
Chisato: That's not quite what I meant... but I don't doubt it.
Tae: How about you, Chisato-senpai? What are you doing here?
Chisato: What am I doing...? Nothing in particular. The plans I had for work suddenly fell through, so I was trying to think of how to spend my unexpected day off.
Tae: In other words, you're also having a white day?
Chisato: I'm... sorry, but I'm not sure what you're talking about. Tae-chan, you keep mentioning White Day, but what do you mean, exactly?
Tae: Having no work, having finished all of my chores, and not being able to play guitar. A blank date on the calendar, as white as a fresh sheet of paper. Therefore, White Day.
Chisato: Ah... Now I'm beginning to understand. You're going out of your way to come up with a special meaning to apply to a holiday that you have very little interest in...
Chisato: You sure have a lot of time on your hands, don't you?
Tae: Exactly. Which leads me to my next question, Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: ... What might that be? Though I get the feeling that I may not like it...
Tae: Will you join me in thinking about White Day?
Chisato: As I thought... Seeing as I have no plans, I suppose I can help out a little.
Tae: Glad to hear it. Now, we had better hurry...
Chisato: Where are we going?
Tae: ... Somewhere. Do you know any good places?
Chisato: ... Perhaps I was too quick to agree to this...
