event71-06 Chapter 5: Radiant Amusement Park

Kokoro takes the five of them to an amusement park. What kind of White Day does she have in mind...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Chisato Shirasagi, Ako Udagawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kokoro: We're here! This is where you'll get to see the amazing, fun-filled White-Day plan that I thought up!
Chisato: At an amusement park? Nothing here really feels related to White Day.
Tsugumi: Seems pretty normal for a theme park.
Kokoro: It'll all make sense soon enough! You just look forward to it!
Ako: This is that one place everyone is raving about! I've been meaning to check it out~.
Tae: Me too. Who could've guessed that we'd end up here today?
Chisato: For now... I suppose we could take a walk around the park while we wait.
Tae: You don't mind, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: We're already here. Wouldn't it be a waste to not enjoy ourselves?
Tae: That's true... Let's make the most of it!
Ako: Yay~! I want to ride that roller coaster over there~!
Tae: The food stalls all look pretty good, too.
Kokoro: Alright, let's go! I'll show you around!
(Black cut)
Ako: From what I've heard, this place didn't have many customers until recently.
Tsugumi: Yeah, that was my impression as well. It's hard to believe how lively it is now.
Chisato: Supposedly, there was a change in the management style, and people are very happy with the new events that were introduced.
Tae: Come to think of it, I heard that Hello, Happy World! performed here. Would that be one of the additions she's talking about?
Kokoro: Maybe~? All I know is that there have been more and more smiling faces ever since we held our parade concert!
Ako: A lot of the attractions are classic favorites but with a shiny new coat of paint! Come on, you guys! Hurry, I wanna ride the roller coaster~!
Tsugumi: I-I hope it doesn't go too fast...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Man, that was amazing~!
Chisato: It did pack quite the punch but was also slow enough for children to enjoy.
Tsugumi: H-hahaha. You could say that...!
Tae: Are you alright? You look pale... White, even. Oh, is this the White Day you had planned, Kokoro?
Kokoro: No, my idea is completely different. Nice thinking, Tsugumi!
Tsugumi: Th-there's nothing nice about this~! Ugh, I feel kind of dizzy~...
Chisato: Come sit down for a moment, Tsugumi-chan. There's a bench over there.
Kokoro: Ah, it's almost time to begin! Oh, good, you're already sitting down. And now to get this White-Day show on the road!
Tae: Oh, how exciting.
Ako: I wonder what it'll be~.
Kokoro: Get ready, everyone! Three! Two! One!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Ta-da~! Let the White-Day Parade begin!
Ako & Tsugumi: Wow~!
Chisato: The entire park... is glowing...
Tae: Now this is what I call a white day...!
Kokoro: I know! Just like I said at Tsugumi's place, a white landscape will help White Day shine even brighter!
Kokoro: So, I made the entire park white! What do you think?!
Ako: Awesome~! This is so amazing, Kokoro! It's super shiny and sparkly!
Tsugumi: Such beautiful lights... I never thought I could see something like this around this time of year!
Tae: Incredible... I wish the others could see this.
Chisato: It really is wonderful... But how did you pull this off?
Black Suit: Negotiations were held with the park's owner to help make this possible.
Chisato: Kokoro-chan... This is impressive... It was supposed to be just another unremarkable day, but you've made it into something special...
Tae: Chisato-senpai. Look, the parade floats are heading this way.
Chisato: Ah... Here they come. How beautiful...
Tae: It turned out to be a very exciting day, I'd say.
Chisato: Yes... Yes, it has.
