event149-02 Chapter 1: Once Again

Roselia is hard at work in the studio. Yukina asks for opinions on a new song.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Sayo: ... Phew. Alright, let's take a short rest.
Ako: Okay~! Now that's what I'm talking about! We're on fire today!
Yukina: Jeez... Don't get overconfident.
Ako: Ehehe. I won't~.
Rinko: Fufu...
Rinko: (Thank goodness... I was able to... focus during rehearsal...)
Lisa: Yukina, didn't you want to discuss our next song with everyone?
Sayo: We only just finished our latest concert, and you have already completed our next song?
Yukina: Only the highlights of the song. There are still many areas which need to be discussed.
Ako: What do you mean?
Yukina: Should it be a melodious rock number? Or perhaps something with a broader composition like a ballad...?
Yukina: I would personally like to hear everyone's thoughts on the matter...
Sayo: I understand what you are trying to say. However... without having heard the song itself, I cannot give any input.
Ako: Same! I'd like to hear it too!
Yukina: I see. Then I will provide what I have so far... Listen for yourselves.
(Black cut)
Yukina: That is the gist of it... Any thoughts?
Ako: Oh, oh, oh~! I was totally into that rock part at the beginning!
Ako: It was like super Roselia-like and stuff! Really got my blood pumping!
Sayo: I agree with Udagawa-san. With a little brushing up, it could become an energetic track that would work well as the opening to a concert.
Lisa: Well, I personally enjoyed the ballad part. It was like it had the world of Roselia condensed into one neat package~.
Yukina: Interesting. And you, Rinko?
Rinko: Um... The initial rock number was like tumbling water... Almost like an expanding wave or ripple... That was the impression that I got...
Rinko: As for the ballad... it was like blood coursing through one's body... Almost as if... a spark of life dwelled within...
Ako: Uh-huh! You said it, Rin-rin! I totally get what you mean!
Yukina: So, which do you feel would best serve as Roselia's next song?
Rinko: Huh...?
Yukina: Of course, this would not be considered a final decision. I simply wish to hear your thoughts on the matter, Rinko.
Rinko: I-I, um... well... I thought they both felt... nice...
Lisa: (Uh-oh... We're right back to what she was talking about earlier... I'd better step in...)
Lisa: You know, it's not like we need to decide right away. They were both really good, after all!
Lisa: I'm still torn between the two, to be honest~.
Sayo: Yes, it is a difficult choice to make.
Ako: For sure. I still have no idea which to go with~.
Yukina: You have a point. I will use our next rehearsal as an opportunity to request further feedback.
Yukina: Now, let's get back to practicing.
Lisa: You heard her, guys~. Roll up your sleeves and get ready for round two☆
Rinko: O-of course...
