event149-07 Ending: Decisions

After struggling with uncertainty, Rinko comes up with her own answers...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Rinko: ... And finally, I would like to... revisit the matter of... document organization from the other day.
Rinko: In order to receive as much input as possible... we have invited the committee members to this meeting as well...
Rinko: I apologize... for calling you on such short notice...
Sayo: Not at all. Management of documents pertaining to the student council is all of our responsibility.
Sayo: If I may ask... have the opinions of the student council members been compiled yet?
Arisa: Actually, Rinko-senpai... er, the council president has something she wishes to address regarding that.
Sayo: I see... Go ahead, Shirokane-san. May we hear what you have to say?
Rinko: Y-yes...
Rinko: .... I would like to... make a proposal.
Rinko: Please continue performing your duties... as you have up until now. For example... document creation and submission, drafting schedules... and so on.
Rinko: Once your work has been submitted... they will be placed in a new box... specifically for unsorted items.
Rinko: Once per week... all members will help to organize the contents accordingly... Should this plan be approved, I would like to... request help from the committee representatives...
Rinko: This way... The amount of time spent on work... will decrease dramatically...
Rinko: And for the committees... it will be easier for them... to connect with the student council. Wh-what do you... think...?
All: ...
Rinko: O-of course... it would be experimental, so I cannot guarantee that it will succeed...
Arisa: ... Why don't we give it a try?
Student Council Member A: Agreed. It's a fair solution, and since everyone will already be there working, it should be easy to offer suggestions or ideas!
Sayo: The disciplinary committee has no objections with Shirokane-san's proposal. Nor does it seem like... anyone else does.
Sayo: I am certain further input will be given along the way, but I believe the proposal is worth trying as it currently stands.
Rinko: Th-thank you so much... everyone...!
Rinko: In that case, I will provide a detailed schedule... at a further date. Thank you for coming...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Sayo: Shirokane-san.
Rinko: Ah... Hikawa-san.
Sayo: Your earlier proposal was positively brilliant, in my opinion. I wanted you to hear that from me.
Sayo: I had been worried for you recently, as something seemed to have been troubling you... but given your attitude today, I was obviously concerned over nothing.
Rinko: Oh... so you did notice... after all... Forgive me...
Rinko: Whether it be for the student council or for Roselia... I was having trouble making decisions...
Rinko: And because of that, I only caused problems for those around me... It had begun to weigh heavily on my mind...
Sayo: Making decisions... you say?
Rinko: Yes...
Rinko: But... thanks to everyone's help... I was able to... find a method that worked best for me...
Sayo: I see. And that is what lead to your proposal during today's meeting.
Rinko: Yes... I was relieved everyone went along with it...
Rinko: But I'm still a little scared... There may come a time when... my idea doesn't go over well...
Rinko: When the third option doesn't work...
Rinko: And I'm not sure what to do... if it comes to that...
Sayo: ... As you say, such a day may eventually come your way, Shirokane-san.
Sayo: However, in the event that it does, you are more than capable of finding the right answer...
Sayo: What I saw from you today is proof of that.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... Thank you so much.
Sayo: No, thank you. Now, then... shall we head to the studio?
Rinko: Yes... There is still another decision... I have to make waiting for me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Rinko: ... Um... I have a suggestion... regarding the new song.
Rinko: Please listen to this. Okay... here goes...!
(Black cut)
Rinko: ... That is all... I can... try to explain... if you'd like...
Yukina: Don't worry, Rinko. We know what you're getting at.
Sayo: By toning down the opening, this composition helps to further draw forth the energy of the ending.
Lisa: It brings out the good stuff from both the rock parts and the ballad parts we discussed the other day!
Ako: Sure does! It's got Roselia written all over it! It's perfect, if you ask me!
Yukina: Then we're all in agreement. Let's continue moving in this direction. Rinko, let us hear it again from the beginning. I want to further solidify the song's image.
Yukina: Everyone, get ready to jump in at any time.
Lisa: More like, we've been ready!
Ako: You bet we have!
Sayo: Shirokane-san, if you please.
Rinko: Everyone... Okay...! Let's do our best...!
(White cut)
