event149-06 Chapter 5: Like-Minded

After class, Lisa and Yukina revisit a certain topic...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Lisa: Mmm, we made it through another day~. Let's head to the studio, Yukina~.
Yukina: Very well. Shall we stop by Ako's classroom on the way?
Lisa: Hmmm, we didn't exactly discuss it beforehand. I guess it couldn't hurt.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Lisa: Ako's class always lets out kind of late~. I wonder if today will be the same~.
Yukina: True... Lisa, may I ask you something?
Lisa: Hm~? What is it~?
Yukina: It's about Rinko. You mentioned before that you went out together, yes?
Lisa: Fufu, I knew you were worried about her, Yukina.
Yukina: Of course I am.
Yukina: I do not understand the specifics, but even I could see that she was having some sort of trouble.
Yukina: ... As well as the fact that you have been trying to encourage her, Lisa.
Lisa: Ohhh, that's our leader for you. You've got all of us figured out~♪
Yukina: Take this seriously.
Lisa: Sorry, my bad... I really didn't do anything, though.
Lisa: All we did was unwind with some shopping and then had a bite together.
Yukina: I see...
Lisa: I basically only had her help me pick out some clothing and stuff.
Yukina: Fufu, that does sound like what you would do.
Lisa: Well, I'm just glad that she looked relieved in the end. At least I could help in some way.
Ako: Ah, there you are! Yukina-san, Lisa-nee~!
Lisa: Oh, Ako~. Hey there.
Ako: So um, I kind of have something I want to discuss with you guys. Is that okay?
Yukina: Something to discuss... Could it be about Rinko?
Lisa: Ah~... Another Rinko sympathizer comes forward.
Ako: Another... Ah! You guys too?!
Lisa: Looks like we all have the same thing on our minds.
Ako: I tried to cheer Rin-rin up by inviting her to play a game with me...
Ako: But somewhere along the way, she started sighing an awful lot...
Ako: ... Ah! Wait, could it be... that she wanted to be a Beast Master that badly?!
Lisa: ... Huh? What is that?
Ako: A new class that's getting added to NFO! Do you think she's sad because I chose the Beast Master?!
Lisa: Come on, it's got nothing to do with that! Is Rinko the kind to get upset over that?
Ako: True... I guess you're right...
Lisa: Anyway, there's no need to worry. From what I saw yesterday, she'll be fine.
Ako: ... Huh? Yesterday? Did something happen to her?!
Lisa: Rinko and I did some shopping yesterday to help her unwind.
Ako: ... Huh?! You went shopping together?!
Ako: Aw, I wish I could have gone...!
Ako: Lisa-nee~! You should have told me about it~!
Lisa: Hahaha, my bad☆ I'll invite you along next time!
