event162-02 Chapter 1: A Major Role for Thee☆

Kaoru and Maya come across a troubled LOCK. They ask her about the announcement during lunch...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh...
Kaoru: Now, does my beloved grape juice agree with your taste buds? Have you calmed down a fraction, Rokka-chan?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, thank you. I'm sorry you had to see me like that.
Maya: It's fine. Anyhow, LOCK-san, what exactly happened back there?
LOCK (Rokka): Well...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Earlier]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Hina: Okay, Tsugu-chan, take it away♪
Tsugumi: Then let us begin the joint meeting between the Student Council and the Clean Up Committee. Thank you for coming.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you for having us!
Hina: Ahaha. Rokka-chan, you're so stiff!
LOCK (Rokka): S-sorry. It's my first time participating in a joint meeting...
Hina: It's nothing to get so nervous about. Just relax and let your opinions out♪
Tsugumi: Erm, today we need to discuss the School Cleaning Day.
Hina: I love this kinda event~♪ Every student taking a whole day off to clean the school? It's so funny!
Hina: Okay, let's start by choosing our spirit captain.
LOCK (Rokka): U-um, excuse me. What is a "spirit captain"?
Tsugumi: To put it simply, they're the promoter. Their job is to do schoolwide announcements leading up to the event, kind of like a countdown to get everybody excited about it.
Hina: Thanks to last year's spirit captain, it was a really fun day. We need someone who will get everyone super hyped up this time too.
Tsugumi: Please raise your hand if you're interested. Or if you want to nominate somebody.
Clean Up Committee Member A: Yes! I want to nominate Asahi-san!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh, m-me?
Clean Up Committee Member B: I also think that Asahi-san would be good for the job! She always cleans so properly and looks like she's having fun as she does it.
Clean Up Committee Member C: Yeah! Watching Asahi-san clean makes me want to work even harder!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you do? I'm just used to it because of my part-time job... but I didn't know you all thought of me in this way...
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, everybody is nominating you, but are you okay with that?
LOCK (Rokka): I want to live up to everyone's expectations. I will do it! Please let me do it!
Hina: Ohh, that's the spirit! We're counting on you, Rokka-chan♪
LOCK (Rokka): Okay! I will do my best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: So that was your first announcement just before...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah~. I made a complete mess of it~! I'm so stupid~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ngh... I wonder how I can do it more like the last person.
Maya: The last person?
Kaoru: Do you mean last year's spirit captain, perchance?
Maya: Ahh! I do remember that they had a way with words.
Kaoru: They had a magnificent, echoing, bright voice. They also sprinkled the odd jest throughout their announcements... They were exceedingly enjoyable.
LOCK (Rokka): I know~! I listened to the recordings when I was learning about the role, and they really sounded like a pro...
Maya: How to be more like them, huh...? Hmmm. That's kind of hard.
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, it is as Shakespeare once said.
Kaoru: "Let me embrace thee, sour adversity..."
LOCK (Rokka): Th-that's so cool... Although I don't know what it means...
Maya: Ahaha... If you were spirit captain, Kaoru-san, you'd just get up there and be your usual self.
Kaoru: Fufu, perhaps. I will perform it for you. My one and only spirit captain.
LOCK (Rokka): ...!
LOCK (Rokka): Um, Kaoru-senpai...! Could you please teach me how to act like a spirit captain?!
Maya: I guess if Kaoru-san teaches you, you might be able to become a really good spirit captain!
LOCK (Rokka): Everybody nominated me, so I can't let it end like this...! Please teach me!
Kaoru: Of course I will. I cannot leave a little kitten in distress.
Kaoru: However, Rokka-chan, my teaching methods are considerably fleeting. Are you prepared for that?
LOCK (Rokka): Um, fleeting... you say?
Maya: Ahh, she probably means "strict," right? Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Yes, it is... but that.
LOCK (Rokka): O-of course I am prepared! I want you to be strict, actually! Please help me!
Kaoru: Yes, leave it to me. Maya, won't you assist me?
Maya: Sure. I will interpret your fleetingness as best I can! Let's do our best, LOCK-san.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much! Maya-senpai!
Kaoru: Now, follow my lead, little kitten...!
