event162-04 Chapter 3: The Seven Prince Transformations

It has been several days since Kaoru and Maya began searching for the dramatic, but no progress has been made...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Library]

Kaoru: That day, I was watching. The moment where you became the protagonist. You shone so brightly as you became the person you wished to be-
Maya: Earth to Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Oh, sincerest apologies. I tend to lose myself when I read plays...
Maya: We've been searching ever since that day, but... we just can't seem to find something dramatic enough.
Kaoru: There is no need to panic. The goddess of theater smiles upon those who work tirelessly.
Maya: Right. Let's be persistent in our search!
Kaoru: Yes, needless to say.
Maya: That reminds me, LOCK-san has gotten more confident about speaking lately.
Kaoru: Yes, Rokka-chan is truly a diligent worker. She is incessantly striving to live up to the expectations of those around her.
Maya: Yes, but she still isn't up to the standard of the last spirit captain.
Maya: I'd like to give her some even better advice if I had any, but... Hmm...
Kaoru: Maya, you are truly generous. Your benevolence saves me.
Maya: Wh-what's gotten into you so suddenly?
Kaoru: You are always so considerate of others.
Kaoru: It has occurred to me once more that it is your prescence backstage that allows me to stand comfortably upon the stage. Thank you eternally, Maya.
Maya: E-enough with that. It's not like I don't enjoy it. I just do what I can... It is... but that!
Kaoru: Fufu, you're right. It is... but that.
Maya: Hey~! Kaoru-san, cut it out. You're making me blush...
Maya: Ah. Th-that's right! If it were you, how would you do it? Spirit Captain, I mean.
Kaoru: If it were I...? Let's see. Perhaps I would do a cleaning musical?
Kaoru: We could dexterously wield mops, buckets, and other cleaning apparatuses to perform a rhythmical dance! I assure you, the audience will inexplicably desire to join in.
Maya: Hold on, how would you even do a musical through schoolwide announcements~? If you were to do it, that is, Kaoru-san!
Maya: LOCK-san is aiming to be a spirit leader on par with the last one, but if it were you... Would you aim to be the Prince of Cleaning, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Yes, I suppose I would. And if I were the Prince of Cleaning...
Kaoru: Greetings, everyone! Next month, we will be having the much anticipated School Cleaning Day, where every student will assist to spruce up the school. Let us combine our efforts to make our campus shine!
Maya: Ohh, you certainly sound like a lively prince.
Kaoru: That is because this prince is the "Spirit Captain." I tried to imagine a peppy prince who would bring cheer to the nation. Alternatively, there is this...
Kaoru: Salutations, ladies and gentlemen! Next month, we will be having our much-anticipated School Cleaning Day for the entire student body. Combine your strength and polish the entire school!
Maya: Ohh~! That prince was overflowing with leadership and class! It's impressive you can take the same situation and act it out so differently...!
Kaoru: Fufu... This is my secret technique. The Seven Prince Transformations.
Maya: Ohh~, you're so impressive, Kaoru-san! ...! S-sorry, that was loud. I got a bit overexcited...
Maya: Kaoru-san, how were you able to become those characters so easily? Is there some sort of trick to it?
Kaoru: A trick...? Not exactly, but I have a definite image in mind for each of my characters. Their personalities, the ways in which they think... even their smallest of habits.
Kaoru: Aside from that, I just let the image of that world come to me.
Maya: I see~. So you can act them out because you have a clear image of them in your mind...
Maya: ... Ah, that's it!
Kaoru: Oh, have you had an epiphany of sorts?
Maya: Yes! I think it would be perfect for LOCK-san! Ah. S-sorry. I yelled again.
Kaoru: Fufu, that part of you is marvelous, Maya... But this is a library, so perhaps we should keep it down.
Maya: Yeah.
Kaoru & Maya: ... Fufu. ... Huhehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

LOCK (Rokka): Everybody! Are you enjoying your lunch? This is a message from your Clean Up Committee!
LOCK (Rokka): Next month, we'll have a School Cleaning Day where we all help clean the school! If we can make every nook and cranny of this school shine, I think our daily lives will be even more thrilling♪
LOCK (Rokka): So let's work together on that day, okay?! That is all from the Clean Up Committee~! Bye-bye!
Ako: Ohh~! That was awesome, Rokka~!
Asuka: Yeah. It was nice to listen to, so I think it was good.
LOCK (Rokka): R-really?! Thank goodness~.
Maya: Yes, all of that practice really paid off.
LOCK (Rokka): It's all thanks to the advice you two gave me! Because you told me to imagine how Kasumi-senpai would do this.
Asuka: Ah, I had a feeling you'd picked my sister.
Ako: Huh? Really? I didn't realize at all.
Asuka: It wasn't the vibe exactly, but more the way she said things.
LOCK (Rokka): S-sorry! I know that it's really rude of me to copy Kasumi-senpai, but...
LOCK (Rokka): Kasumi-senpai is... deeply engraved in my soul. I find her very easy to picture in my mind.
Asuka: No, I don't think you have anything to worry about. It's my sis we're talking about, so I think she'd actually be happy you did that.
Ako: Yeah, yeah. That's true~. After all, you did such a good job! Kaoru, Maya-san, thanks so much~!
Kaoru: Alas, I just did what was proper.
Maya: I'm sure you'll do just as well in the real announcements, LOCK-san! Good luck.
LOCK (Rokka): Ngh... Thank you both very much. I feel like I might be okay tomorrow!
Maya: Ohh~, excellent~! That's the spirit, LOCK-san!
Kaoru: Take deep breaths beforehand, and remember to relax as much as possible.
Kaoru: Now, the curtain is about to rise on Rokka-chan's new beginning. Make the audience fall at your feet!
