event162-05 Chapter 4: True Aspirations

Kaoru and Maya are pleased with how the announcement goes, but LOCK's reaction is different...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Rokka Asahi)

[The Following Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Maya: Oh, Kaoru-san. Hello.
Kaoru: Dear Maya. May I escort you back to your classroom, fair princess?
Maya: Yes, of course.
Maya: Ah, that's right. Listen to this, Kaoru-san. Just now, some girls in my class were talking about how good LOCK-san's announcement was.
Kaoru: How tremendous. She was exceedingly bright and lively in today's announcement, just as we rehearsed.
Maya: Yeah! I'm glad picturing Toyama-san worked out for her!
Kaoru: Indeed. There is no greater joy than that which comes from expelling a little kitten's sorrows. I hope the same can be done for the theater club.
Maya: Yeah. We really have to decide the direction of our script today... Oh? Isn't that LOCK-san over there? LOCK-saaan!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Kaoru-senpai, Maya-senpai. Hello.
Maya: LOCK-san, your announcement was so good! All of your hard work paid off!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you. It really is all thanks to you two.
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, did you enjoy yourself?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh...? Did I enjoy myself? Y-yes! I think so!
LOCK (Rokka): I mean, everyone told me it was fun to listen to!
Maya: LOCK-san, you don't look too happy about it.
LOCK (Rokka): No, I am. I really am!
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, we have taken on the roles of your guardians. If there is something that unsettles you, we would like you to speak your mind.
LOCK (Rokka): Well, I can't really put it into words... But I feel kind of down.
Maya: Down?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah, you see...
LOCK (Rokka): It happened today at lunch. I was in the broadcasting room, feeling relieved that I was able to do the announcement like I had at practice, like Kasumi-senpai would have done it.
LOCK (Rokka): When I left, I ran into a few of my upperclassmen from the Clean Up Committee in the hallway and asked them what they thought. They said, "it was good, but it didn't feel very you."
Kaoru: ...
LOCK (Rokka): I supposedly did a good job, and they even praised me, but I started feeling kind of down. I've been thinking about it ever since then...
Maya: And you're not too sure why you're feeling this way?
LOCK (Rokka): Not really...
Theater Student: Ah, there they are! Kaoru-senpai, Maya-senpai! Our club meeting is about to start, so please come quickly!
Maya: Huh, is that the time already?!
Kaoru: My little kitten, thank you for searching and calling for me until your final breath. However, I am currently engaged with this little kitten here.
LOCK (Rokka): Um, it's fine! The special training you gave me was more than enough, so I really shouldn't depend on you two anymore!
LOCK (Rokka): I will do something about my mood on my own! Thank you for listening to me. Good luck at theater club!
Maya: Ah, LOCK-san!
Kaoru: Let's go, Maya. First, let us do what we must do.
Maya: Ah, okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

Kaoru: It's growing rather late. The passage of time is oh so cruel.
Maya: In the end, we couldn't even decide on the script...
Maya: I'm worried about the script, but I'm also worried about LOCK-san. She was doing so well, so I'm not sure what happened.
Kaoru: Perhaps it was not her true aspiration.
Maya: What do you mean?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Standing on a grand stage, it is easy to get caught up in one's role.
Kaoru: Pressure and responsibility can blind one from seeing one's true aspirations.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Maya: I see. I think I more or less understand that feeling.
Kaoru: It reminds me of a certain somebody that I used to know.
Maya: ...? Who do you mean?
Kaoru: Fufu, do not worry yourself. I simply know of a friend who had a similar experience an eternity ago.
Kaoru: Oh my, someone appears to be on the roof.
Maya: Ah, you're right. Huh, isn't that LOCK-san?
Kaoru: Yes, undoubtedly. Alright, let's go, Maya.
Maya: O-okay.
Kaoru: We mustn't let Cinderella leave with that forlorn look on her face.
