event162-07 Ending: Every Day Is Dramatic With Kaoru

Kaoru and Maya successfully cheer up LOCK. How will the schoolwide announcement go this time?!

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Ako Udagawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Maya: Huhehe... I never expected vegetable sticks to be put in the school lunches. That's Haneoka for you!
Kaoru: Perhaps it is a reward from the heavens for the ever-endeavoring Maya.
Maya: I'm not sure if it's a reward, but I certainly am happy about it.
Ako: Ah, it's Kaoru and Maya-san! Hi there!
Kaoru: Greetings, Ako-chan. Asuka-chan. Are you about to dine?
Asuka: Yes. They're serving baked sweet potato for dessert in one of the lunch options today, so Ako insisted.
Ako: Well, Rokka loves sweet potatoes, right? And she's working super hard on her announcements, so I wanna give it to her later.
Kaoru: Goodness, Ako-chan. What a thoughtful little kitten you are...
LOCK: ... So I had work yesterday, and I realized that, whether it be at the live house or the bathhouse, I'm always gripping a mop!
Ako: Ahaha, that's so true!
Kaoru: Yes, that is our Rokka-chan indeed. She is our Cinderella who can magically turn a mop into a mic.
LOCK: And there's one other thing I realized. Cleaning something and looking after a guitar are kind of the same thing.
LOCK: It's like you feel attached after working hard to polish it, and you start treasuring it.
LOCK: So I'd really like it if everybody felt more attached to Haneoka through this school cleaning. That's how I'm feeling...
Maya: LOCK-san is keeping calm and speaking quite naturally, isn't she?
Ako: Yeah, she is! She does mess up sometimes, but I like this way more than when she was pretending to be Kasumi!
Kaoru: Yes, as do I. More than anything, I am glad that she is enjoying herself.
Asuka: It's all thanks to the guidance you two gave her. Thank you very much for doing that.
Maya: No, no, it's because LOCK-san worked so hard at it.
Hina: Oh? This is a rare group♪ Are you guys all listening to the announcement?
Ako: Yeah! Of course we are.
Kaoru: Salutations, Hina. You seem sprightly as usual today.
Hina: Yeah, I mean, Rokka-chan's announcements have gotten so good! I was really worried for her at first.
Asuka: Ahaha... So was I.
Hina: But now she's like, the perfect spirit captain! Even Tsugu-chan said that, thanks to her announcements, more and more students are taking time to clean up on the daily!
Maya: Ohh, that's amazing!
Hina: But it's super impressive how much she's changed since that first announcement. I was so shocked.
Kaoru: They do say that a girl can grow an astonishing amount in a brief period of time. Flowers do bloom ever so swiftly.
Hina: Ohh♪ You're like Shakespeare today, Kaoru-kun! That's pretty unusual!
Maya: Oh, Ako-san. There are quite a few people lining up for lunch tickets, will you be okay?
Ako: Ahh, they might run out of the lunch option I want! Thanks, Maya-san! Let's hurry, Asuka~!
Asuka: Hey, wait a minute. Sorry about this, see you.
Hina: Maybe I'll get that lunch today too♪ Maya-chan, Kaoru-kun, see ya.
Maya: Yes, see you at lessons.
Kaoru: Fufu, she even received the seal of approval from the student council president. Now Rokka-chan will be able to advance onward to her final performance.
Kaoru: It would be wonderful if the theater club too had bright prospects. Ahh, it is the fate of the beautiful to be incessantly plagued by trouble...
Maya: Ah, about that. Actually, we've written it already.
Kaoru: Come again?
Maya: Well, I talked to our playwright about an idea that came to mind the other day. We had a quick conversation about it and wrote a new script just like that! Here it is!
Kaoru: Hmm. Let me peruse the summary... "A group of high schoolers leading ordinary lives are influenced dramatically by a protagonist who makes everyone around them smile."
Maya: The protagonist is the most well-known person in the school, and people call them the prince. They like Shakespeare, and are kind of elusive and eccentric, but are also very cool and kind.
Maya: Huhehe, I modeled them after someone I know very well.
Kaoru: I see. I am sure a protagonist as sensational as this will make for an undoubtedly intriguing play.
Maya: Yeah! And if everyone agrees on it at today's theater club meeting, we should be able to perform this script!
Kaoru: Yes, I am positive that everyone will agree to it.
Kaoru: Pray tell, who is this protagonist based on? I too would like to meet this admirable figure.
Maya: Kaoru-san, I don't think you could ever meet them...
Kaoru: I-is that so? That is regrettable. I thought we would get along nicely since they too share a love for the bard...
Maya: Umm, well... Ah, whatever. Fufu, you're a very... funny person, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: What is it, Maya-san? Why the sudden laughter?
Maya: No, it's nothing. Let's do our best with this play!
Kaoru: Yes, by all means.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Theater Club - The Day of the Performance]

Maya: Lighting, I'm going to cue a blackout next. Please shine a spotlight on the actor when the curtain opens.
Maya: Kaoru-san, standby. You ready?
Kaoru: Yes, indubitably.
Maya: Then let's do this. Three, two, one... Blackout.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: ...
Interviewer: What does the word "dramatic" mean to you?
Kaoru: What do I consider dramatic, you ask? My answer remains unchanged. My entire being is "dramatic."
Kaoru: I wanted to be strong and kind like a certain girl I know and chose to become so. It was at that time that I raised the curtain on my new life.
Kaoru: Producing, directing, performing. The life of Kaoru Seta is fleetingly magnificent. And as for the future, I will continue to tread the path of the dazzling spotlight.
Interviewer: Is that-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: It is... but that. Ahh, how fleeting.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
