event162-03 Chapter 2: Acting Lessons, Extra Fleeting

Having decided to help teach LOCK how to act, Kaoru and Maya go to her classroom to pick her up, but...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ako: It's finally lunchtime~! Asuka, Rokka! Let's eat~♪
Asuka: You're way too excited about lunch. Rokka, could you move that desk over?
LOCK (Rokka): Sorry, everyone. I have a special training to go to...
Asuka: Ah, right. You did say you had training with Kaoru-senpai.
Ako: I'm gonna miss having lunch with you, but good luck with the special training! I'll be cheering for you!
LOCK (Rokka): Thanks, Ako-chan.
Asuka: But wow... one-on-one training with the prince of the school? Her fans might get jealous if they find out.
LOCK (Rokka): What~? D-don't say such scary things~! And Maya-senpai will be there too, so it's not one-on-one~!
Asuka: Sorry, sorry, I was just kidding.
Ako: You're right though. Kaoru is super popular-
Kaoru: Pardon the interruption, fair students of 1A. The owner of this glass slipper... My princess, is she here?
LOCK, Ako & Asuka: ...?!
Students: K-Kaoru-sama?!
LOCK (Rokka): K-Kaoru-senpai?! Weren't we meeting in the club room...?!
Kaoru: Ahh, there you are, my Cinderella. I just couldn't wait and came to retrieve you myself.
Student A: Kaoru-sama came for... Asahi-san?!
Student B: Huhhh~?! Wh-why?! Explain yourself, Asahi-san~!
LOCK (Rokka): E-eek~! Um, there is a proper reason behind this~.
Kaoru: Why I am simply assisting my little kitten. All of you, please do rely on me if something happens. I am an ally to all of my little kittens.
Students: Kyaaa~! Kaoru-sama~!
LOCK (Rokka): K-Kaoru-senpai, let's head to the clubroom, quickly!
Kaoru: My, my. No need to tug on my arm so vigorously. Fufu, what an aggressive little kitten.
LOCK (Rokka): K-Kaoru-senpai, you are moving too slowly~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Ahaha... That must've been a bit of a pickle.
LOCK (Rokka): It was more than that~! The whole class was going crazy~.
LOCK (Rokka): I always thought Kaoru-senpai was a cheerful, showy person, but... I didn't think it was to that extent...
Maya: I've known her since middle school, but even I didn't think she'd get that much of a response. Kaoru-san is still a mystery to me...
LOCK (Rokka): Ahhh~, my heart was beating so fast~!
Kaoru: I apologize for putting you in a difficult position, Rokka-chan. However, they say that the beginning is crucial, do they not?
Kaoru: And so I thought that the first day of your training should be a dramatic one.
Maya: I see, so that was your intention. And you even changed outfits for it... That's so like you!
Kaoru: Fufu, naturally. I always endeavor to give my best performance. That is what it means to be Kaoru Seta.
LOCK (Rokka): (Kaoru-senpai really is an odd person... Ah, no, no! I can't think such rude thoughts about my upperclassmen...!)
Kaoru: Now, shall we put an end to this chit-chat? Let us begin.
Maya: Yes. Okay, LOCK-san, why don't you start by telling us how you felt about your first schoolwide announcement?
LOCK (Rokka): Erm... Well, I wrote a script in my own words and thought I could just read that, but when I thought about how the whole school was listening to me... my voice started shaking...
Kaoru: My, it is peculiar that you felt nervous. After all, you perform onstage on the regular.
LOCK (Rokka): It's not the same...
LOCK (Rokka): I don't know how to explain it, but I'm okay on stage because I'm in a band... It's completely different with a band. But if it's just me, then it's absolutely impossible.
Maya: I more or less get what you mean, LOCK-san.
Maya: When I first joined Pastel＊Palettes, I would get so nervous whenever we had a recording or an interview.
Kaoru: You did seem excruciatingly nervous yesterday, Rokka-chan.
Kaoru: In that case, let us begin with the joy of reading a script.
LOCK (Rokka): The joy of reading a script?
Kaoru: Precisely. If the actor does not enjoy their script, no matter how beautiful the prose may be, it will not reach the hearts of the audience.
Maya: You have a point there. I think it's the same with bands too, LOCK-san.
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! I will give it a try!
Kaoru: Now, repeat after me! "Ahh, Juliet! With love’s light wings did I o'erperch these walls."
LOCK (Rokka): "A-ahh... J-Juliet...! With love’s light wings did I o'erperch these walls..."
Kaoru: More fleetingly, Rokka-chan. And project in a big, clear voice.
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! Umm... Fleetingly... in a big, clear voice...
LOCK (Rokka): "Ahh, Juliet...! With love’s light wings did I o'erperch these walls."
Kaoru: It's still not fleeting enough. Give it more vigor! More passion...!
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay! Fleetingly... in a big, clear voice... with vigor and passion...!
LOCK (Rokka): "With love’s light wings! Did I o'erperch these walls~!"
Kaoru: Yes, excellent, Rokka-chan! You have increased your fleetingness. Next, you must-
Maya: Wait, stop, stop! The both of you! Kaoru-san, you're getting too into this.
Kaoru: Oh dear. Perhaps I was getting a smidgen too spirited.
LOCK (Rokka): No, it's fine! All of this is to help me become the spirit captain! So please let loose!
Kaoru: Oh, Rokka-chan. How very fleeting you are. Now, let us collect ourselves and continue!
LOCK (Rokka): Sure, Kaoru-senpai!
Maya: Ahaha... I think this is going to take a while.
