event162-06 Chapter 5: As Myself

Kaoru and Maya finish theater club practice. They see LOCK standing on the roof...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

LOCK (Rokka): ... Sigh.
Kaoru: Sighing doesn't become you, Cinderella.
LOCK (Rokka): Kaoru-senpai?! And Maya-senpai too. What are you doing here?!
Maya: We saw you from down there, so we came to say hello.
LOCK (Rokka): Just to see me...? Thank you both. Um, I came up here to cool my head, and after thinking a lot, I think I understand now!
LOCK (Rokka): Everyone who tuned in said it was my best announcement yet, so this gloomy feeling must just be my imagination. I think I'll feel better once I sleep it off!
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, did you enjoy my special training sessions?
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? Yes. They were difficult... but it seems like I was able to make another version of myself, and that was fun.
Kaoru: Then let us continue with our special acting training. Close your eyes gently and picture this.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh?
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, you are in the audience of a theater. There is nobody there but you.
Kaoru: Oh my. Somebody is standing on the stage, alone. It's... another you.
Maya: (Huh?)
Maya: (I feel like I've heard this somewhere before...)
Kaoru: Now, Rokka-chan. Close your eyes and imagine.
LOCK (Rokka): I am in the audience, and another me is standing on the stage...
Kaoru: Yes, but she is different. She is the you from not too long ago; the you who just finished today's lunchtime announcement. Observe her as if you are a member of the audience.
LOCK (Rokka): O-okay. I am watching her.
Kaoru: What kind of face is she currently making?
LOCK (Rokka): Well, she looks... like she is troubled...
LOCK (Rokka): Even though the announcement went well, she looks down. She isn't sure what to do with that feeling.
Kaoru: It troubled you to be told that "it didn't feel very you," did it not?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. But of course it wasn't... because I'd been trying to do it like somebody else this whole time.
LOCK (Rokka): And because of that... I feel like there was no point in "me" being picked for the job.
Kaoru: I see. Then what shall we do now? How do you think we can lead her to a happy ending?
LOCK (Rokka): She should be herself instead of somebody else... But then... all of the effort her upperclassmen put into thinking of ways to help her will be for nothing...
Kaoru: My feelings have not changed in the slightest since this all began. That is to say, I wish only to fulfill your desires. We are merely here to help you find a way to do so.
Kaoru: So, Rokka-chan, what do you truly desire?
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): I want to live up to everyone's expectations as myself...
Maya: (...! That's it. It's just like that time!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Kaoru: Maya, how do you think you, the protagonist, can be led to a happy ending?
Kaoru: Descend from the stage and behold yourself objectively from the audience. You are the only one who can raise your own curtain.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Maya: (When I first became the lighting technician back in middle school, it didn't go so well because of all the pressure I felt.)
Maya: (I felt like I had to stick to the way my predecessor used to do the job. So even when I did well, it didn't feel like "I" was achieving anything.)
Maya: (And that's when Kaoru-san said that to me and made me feel so relieved.)
Maya: (Haha. So that certain somebody was me, huh?)
Maya: LOCK-san.
LOCK (Rokka): Y-yes.
Maya: I think that would be for the best. Try and convey what you personally want to say as a member of the Clean Up Committee.
Maya: Besides, I'm sure the good parts of Kaoru-san's training will stick.
Kaoru: I doubt you will grow nervous like you did the first time.
Kaoru: You need not force it or make little jests. Simply say what you wish to convey, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): But is it okay to do something like that? I'm not funny at all...
Maya: I don't think that's too important. You wanted to do it as "yourself," so just keep that in mind.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay... But what if people think it was better when I was channeling my inner Kasumi-senpai?
Maya: Actually... watching you two talk made me remember this, but... I've had a similar experience to you, LOCK-san.
LOCK (Rokka): What?
Maya: There was a time when I was entrusted with an important role in the theater club and felt a lot of pressure, similar to how you are now, LOCK-san.
Maya: But then, thanks to some wise words from a certain someone, I decided to be brave and do it my own way.
Maya: I was scared about how it would turn out at first, and honestly, not everything went well...
Maya: But I am glad I chose to do it my own way back then. Because, regardless of whether something turned out good or bad, I felt like I had personally accomplished something.
Maya: If I hadn't put myself out there, I wouldn't have truly been able to say that I was happy with the result... And I don't think I would've felt like I'd accomplished anything.
LOCK (Rokka): ...!
Maya: So... if you are feeling the same way that I did back then, LOCK-san, I want you to believe in yourself. Because only you can raise your own curtain.
Maya: Right, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Fufu... Yes, precisely that, Maya.
Kaoru: And also, Rokka-chan, let yourself relax. You have some very formidable companions working backstage.
LOCK (Rokka): Companions?
Kaoru: Who else but Ako-chan, Asuka-chan, and the little kittens of the Clean Up Committee?
LOCK (Rokka): They're my companions...?
Kaoru: Even for yours truly, when I stand upon a grand stage, the mere memory of the faces of my little helper kittens make my trembling and nerves mysteriously vanish.
Maya: Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: So if you ever begin to tremble with nerves, you must remember the faces of your friends. The trembling will surely abide...
LOCK (Rokka): Okay...! I feel a little more confident now! I will try remembering both of your faces right before the announcement...!
Kaoru: Yes, that would be sufficient.
Maya: Do your best. You can do it now, LOCK-san!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes...! I will!
Kaoru: Fufu... Behold, Maya. Rokka-chan's curtain is about to rise.
Kaoru: Our little kitten is bravely attempting to take a step forward... Ahh, what a dramatic scene...!
Maya: Dramatic... Right... That's it!
