event162-01 Opening: The Meaning of "Dramatic"

Kaoru and Maya are struggling to come up with the theater club's script when they hear a peculiar announcement...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Rokka Asahi)

Interviewer: What does the word "dramatic" mean to you?
(Black cut)
Kaoru: What a most vexing question. But I shall dare to answer. For you see, my entire being is "dramatic."
Interviewer: What exactly do you mean by that?
Kaoru: It is-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: I, Kaoru Seta, rise early. Long before my alarm, I awaken to the sweet song of birds.
Kaoru: "Ahh, my little birds. To think that you have opened my heavy eyelids with your pleasant song... What a dramatic awakening."
Kaoru: I have coffee and a croissant for a warm, fragrant breakfast.
Kaoru: My path to school shimmers brightly in the morning light.
Kaoru: I take a moment to exchange greetings with my little kittens.
Kaoru: Pure, white chalk dust settles on my wrist as I write upon the blackboard. Yes... every aspect of school life makes my heart flutter. For it is all so dramatic and fleeting...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Maya: Ah, hi, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Her name is Maya Yamato. A name so nice I may say it twice.
Kaoru: Not only is she the reliable stage manager of the theater club, but she also takes to the stage herself as an idol. She is a delightful, sagacious young girl-
Maya: Erm... Kaoru-san, what are you doing?
Kaoru: What does she mean by this? I shake my head, unable to comprehend her question.
Maya: Um, that's what I mean. That, just now. Why are you narrating everything?
Kaoru: Fufu, how shrewd of you, Maya. That perceptive side of you has not changed since middle school.
Maya: Uhh, in this case, I think anyone would notice. Why were you talking like that?
Kaoru: There is a deeper meaning behind my actions. Do you recall the theater club's assemblage yesterday?
Maya: Yes. We had a meeting to discuss our next performance... How is that related to this?
Kaoru: Fufu, my, you are quite the impatient little kitten. We decided to stage an original piece, did we not?
Maya: Yes. Since we've never written our own script before, it will be a first for our theater club.
Maya: But I was a little surprised. Are you really okay with not doing Shakespeare, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Yes. My love for Shakespeare is unwavering, but there is an exception for everything.
Kaoru: Experiencing a wide range of plays will undoubtedly lead to the growth of our club's members. I am willing to change my ways for my little kittens.
Kaoru: And besides, with this new adventure laid out before me, my heart has begun to soar...!
Maya: Right?! A script about the daily lives of high schoolers... Even I'm excited for this new challenge!
Maya: However... it's our first time doing this, so it's not going to be easy.
Kaoru: No. Our little playwright kitten is clutching her head over it. She claims that more dramatic developments will make for a superior script.
Maya: Yes. That's how we ended up brainstorming our ideas out loud, but... how exactly are we supposed to make it more dramatic...?
Kaoru: Yes, that is where we reached an impasse yesterday. That is why I decided to first explore what I find to be "dramatic."
Kaoru: I have been spelling out the dramatic happenings in my life from the moment I wake up, but...
Kaoru: Ahh, how can I put it? I found that the entirety of my daily life is dramatic.
Maya: Ahaha... I see. Well, that finally solves that mystery.
Kaoru: We are all but actors, and the world is our stage. Thus, our daily lives are nothing but dramatic...
Maya: That is a very you thing to say, Kaoru-san. But I think you're the only person who considers their day-to-day life to be dramatic.
Kaoru: On the contrary. Anyone can live a dramatic life if they can grasp but a few meager tricks. Just as I have.
Maya: I-I'm not too sure about that.
School Intercom: It is time for the lunchtime announcements...
LOCK (Rokka): B-breathe in, breathe out... Alright. I've got this! ... Huh? I-I'm live already?! Eek~! S-sorry!
LOCK (Rokka): Mm! Ahem! Uhh... H-hello, everyone. This is the Clean Up Committee...! N-next month, we will have a School Cleaning Day where every student will help clean the school.
LOCK (Rokka): ... E-everyone! Let's do our best to sweep the school and sweep the nation! Ehe...
Students: ...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, that was supposed to be a pun just now... Um... Th-that is all...
Kaoru & Maya: ...
Maya: What was up with that announcement just now...?
Kaoru: It was like a tempest. It disappeared almost as quickly as it stirred up our hearts.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Hngh... I'm done for...
Maya: LOCK-san?! Are you okay?
Kaoru: What happened, little kitten? You hang your head so low... like a puppy drenched by the rain.
Maya: Uh, Kaoru-san, is she a cat or a dog? ... Wait, that's not- LOCK-san, did something happen?
LOCK (Rokka): Kaoru-senpai, Maya-senpai... I-I'm fine. Please don't worry about me.
Maya: You don't seem fine. You can talk to us about it if you want.
LOCK (Rokka): Ngh... Maya-senpai...! What am I going to do...?!
Maya: LOCK-san, c-calm down.
Kaoru: Fufu, behold, Maya. Is it not as I said?
Maya: Huh?
Kaoru: Is this situation not profoundly dramatic? It takes only the slightest impetus to make the world dramatic.
Maya: Ah, you're right. Wait, no~!
Kaoru: If this were the stage... It would be at the end of Act One Scene One, and followed by a moment of darkness, I suppose.
Maya: Ugh~, this is not the time to be talking about that~!
Kaoru: Now, let the scene fade to black.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
