event89-06 Chapter 5: The Future Ahead

It's the day of the contest. How does Roselia fair after a year has passed?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Day of the Contest]

[Dressing Room]

Ako: We're up after the people who go next, right?
Yukina: Yes, that is correct. That reminds me. Has the countdown you've been using that app for reached zero yet?
Ako: I, uh... stopped the countdown yesterday, actually.
Yukina: Why is that?
Ako: Because Roselia will continue even after the contest and the fes are over! I'm gonna keep pushing it forward!
Ako: That's why I felt like having the countdown for the contest didn't really make sense.
Lisa: Ako~!! Man, when did you get so cool?
Ako: Ehehe, you mean it? Well, to someone who harbors the power of darkness... this is nothing!
Yukina: Time is about to be renewed for us. It'll be more of a count-up than a countdown. As it should be for something that will exist for so long.
Sayo: It's almost time. Let's go.
Rinko: O-okay...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Contest Venue]

Tomoe: Roselia is supposed to be next, right?
Himari: Yep! It's finally time~! All of the bands so far have been really good.
Ran: Tomoe, you're being way too antsy. You know Ako is the one who's playing right? We're just here to cheer them on.
Tomoe: Don't you think I know that?! Ako was kinda worried though, so, you know...
Ran: She was?
Tomoe: Yeah. Hopefully getting through this contest will help her solve her problem...
Announcer: Next up is entry number twelve: Roselia.
Himari: Here we go!
Tomoe: Ako! You got this!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: It's time. This is for our future...
All: Yeah! Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
Tomoe: (Ako... You looked so worried the other day, but now that you're on stage, it looks like you're ready to get down.)
Tomoe: (Good stuff. You keep showing me that no-nonsense type of cool that I wanna see!)
Himari: Whoa! I know those other bands were awesome, but Roselia is on another level of cool as always!!
Tomoe: Yup! Everyone in the crowd is gettin' so pumped, and we're right there with them. Right, Ran?
Ran: ...
Himari: Ran's so serious. Makes sense. She has a lot of respect for Yukina-san.
Tomoe: I know, right? Let's ask what she thought later.
(Black cut)

[After the Show]

Lisa: Guys! Didn't we perform super well today?! The fans were really into it, that's for sure!
Sayo: Yes. I believe everything we're made of was on display.
Ako: I thought the same thing!! I know the contest is important too, but I just wanted to be performing at the fes already...
Rinko: Strangely enough... I did not feel nervous at all. Now... we just have to wait... for the results...!
Announcer: We will now announce the winners.
Lisa: Here we go...!!
Announcer: The winner of the judges' award is... entry number ten...
(Black cut)
Announcer: And finally, the winner of the contest. This band will be allowed to participate in Future World Fes in March next year.
Yukina: ... This is it.
Sayo: They haven't called our name for anything yet.
Rinko: ...
Announcer: The winner is...
Announcer: Entry number twelve...
Ako: ...!!
Announcer: Roselia! Would the girls of Roselia please make their way to the stage!
Lisa: Y-yes! We did it...!!
Yukina: ...
Rinko: We... really did it... We won... We... can perform... at the fes...!
Sayo: Indeed... We were able to achieve our goal.
Ako: Yay! We did it!! Wooooo!!
Yukina: It feels like I'm dreaming. To think the road to the fes is finally open... after a year-long journey...
Lisa: These tears... They just won't stop~!
Ako: C'mon, you guys!! The crowd is calling us up!!
