event89-01 Opening: Until The Contest, We've Got...

Roselia is diligently practicing in preparation for the contest. All the members are fired up and raring to go...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Lisa: Sayo, would you mind playing the part right before the chorus with me after we're done?
Sayo: Not at all. There's actually an area I wanted to review as well. Would starting from three measures before be alright?
Lisa: Sounds good☆  Here we go~...
Yukina: The new song has come together quite nicely.
Lisa: I know! I bet the crowd would lose it if we played it at the contest.
Rinko: I had... the same thought...
Lisa: Wow☆ We must be reading each other's minds! What do the rest of you think? I'm sure adding Promise to the set list would be a great way to spice it up.
Sayo: The song was originally created for us to practice. That's why we included so many parts that allow us to test different play styles.
Sayo: Adding it to the set list might make the whole thing stand out, in which case I could not agree with your assessment.
Rinko: If we carefully consider... its inclusion... it may fit in rather neatly... with the rest of our songs...
Yukina: I am against it if it seems like we are trying to catch the audience's attention with a gimmick. Let us give some thought to how the song may be included and decide from there.
Lisa: Yeah! You're okay with that, right, Sayo?
Sayo: Yes, that presents no issue.
Yukina: Very well. We will start by thinking about the set list. Then we can try practicing what we've come up with.
(Black cut)
Sayo: ... It does seem like we would be able to follow up with the new song smoothly at this point.
Ako: Yeah! I was just thinking the same thing!
Yukina: In that case, we will include it and go with what we have.
Lisa: Roger that! Ooo~! I'm getting so excited for this contest!
Sayo: Imai-san, there is one part I cannot get right that I would like to practice. Would you accompany me?
Lisa: Sure thing! But that means you have to help me with my practice too♪
Rinko: It feels like... everyone has been so motivated... during rehearsals recently... It's quite nice.
Yukina: With the contest drawing near, yes, it does feel that way. I think it's great that such a mood can take over without anyone saying a word.
Ako: Rin-rin, Yukina-san! Look at this!
Yukina: "10 days, 5 hours, 40 mins, 3 secs until contest"... What is this?
Ako: It's a countdown app! It'll show how much time is left before the contest for us.
Yukina: So there are apps like this.
Rinko: Seeing it like this... really does give you the feeling... that the moment is almost here...
Ako: Doesn't it? I wanna do my very best at the contest! That's why I set this up. I can look at it and get all fired up!
Yukina: I approve of this mindset, Ako.
Ako: Ehehe~♪ Thank you!
Yukina: Of course, this contest is not our goal. Be sure you understand that.
Ako: I know~! First, we put on a super cool performance there, and then we play at Future World Fes!
Rinko: And that's why... we must work hard.
Ako: Yeah! I mean, we're even taking a break from NFO just so we can make rehearsals the best they can be!
Yukina: Is that right?
Ako: Yep! Oh, but taking a break doesn't mean we're not logging in at all...
Rinko: We're... playing a lot less than usual...
Ako: Rin-rin, when the contest is over, we should play those new quests they added together!
Rinko: Yes, we should...
Ako: Wow! That means this countdown is also how much time is left until we can play NFO again!
Yukina: ... Ako, are you sure you understand just how important this contest and the fes that comes after it are...?
Ako: I-I do~! I was just joking!
Lisa: Hey. Yukina, Ako~? What's wrong? Are you guys fighting~?
Yukina: No. I was communicating the importance of this contest to Ako...
Rinko: Fufu...
Ako: Ohhh, I'm sorry~...
