event89-05 Chapter 4: Those Who Walk in Darkness

With the contest fast approaching, Ako tells the band how she feels.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: That will be all for today's rehearsal. Make sure you all get plenty of rest for tomorrow.
Rinko: Okay...! Thank you...!
Sayo: Great rehearsal, everyone.
Lisa: Yeah, you too! Tomorrow's finally the day~... It feels so weird.
Yukina: By this time tomorrow, the results would have been announced. We should have already received our invitation to the fes.
Ako: Tomorrow...
Lisa: Yep, that's right. The us tomorrow will be an us that we've never seen before.
Sayo: The time has come for us to move forward. Everything we have done this year has led to this moment.
Ako: ("18 hours, 32 mins... until contest.")
Ako: ...
Rinko: Ako-chan?
Lisa: Hm? Is something wrong? Are you worried about tomorrow?
Ako: You're right, Lisa-nee. We'll be a different us than we are now... I wonder what we'll be like.
Rinko: Ah...
Ako: I've been thinking a lot about this. What's going to happen to us once the contest and the fes are over?
Ako: That's been our goal for so long. It makes me wonder what we'll aim for once it's all said and done...
Lisa: Ako...
Ako: What do you all think will happen to Roselia once the fes is over?
Yukina: ... We don't know yet.
Ako: Huh...?!
Yukina: So far we've had a very clear goal that is easy to communicate. In a way, that means that all we've had to do is walk the path we've already decided on.
Yukina: But we're finally reaching a point where that path breaks. I hold a lot of pride in the fact that the five of us have made it to a point where we can't see what comes next.
Ako: Yukina-san...
Yukina: The contest, the fes that follows... Yes, they are one particular goal, but that is certainly not the top.
Yukina: There is no question. Our journey will continue after we reach that point. Similar to those games you play.
Rinko: ... A new quest...
Ako: A new quest... B-but this isn't a game. The quests aren't just gonna appear on their own. We have to find them...
Lisa: ... We're all in the same boat. None of us know what comes next. I don't believe for a second that anyone knows what the future has in store.
Lisa: Still, I'm not worried about it either, weirdly enough. As long as we continue forward together... I know we'll find something. As long as you and Rinko are there, everything will be fine.
Ako: Why do you say that...?
Yukina: You and Rinko have been listening to the five of us play all this time. You two have been watching Roselia closely.
Yukina: If you two weren't there, we may have fallen apart after SMS ended.
Yukina: You showed us all the place we needed to return to.
Yukina: I believe you two are the ones most able to see Roselia for what it is and not waver. And that is why...
Yukina: If we're walking that non-existent path... and we lose our way, I want you two to help us remember what Roselia is.
Yukina: I want you to be the ones that show us the way forward.
Ako & Rinko: ...!
Ako: Y-you got it...!
Ako: I will definitely not lose sight of Roselia! If any of you lose your way, I'll be there to rescue you!
Ako: I'm still a little scared of walking a path where we're all in the dark... b-but it's okay because I have Dark Walker!
Lisa: Dark... what?
Sayo: It's an NFO skill that allows you to walk through the dark.
Lisa: A-ahaha... Well, aren't you informed, Sayo?
Ako: I'll do my best! Alongside Rin-rin! Right?
Rinko: M-mhm!
Sayo: None of us know what lies ahead. However, making a promise with people you cherish like this makes you stronger... That's what I believe.
Lisa: Yeah, so do I! That's how I know that this promise will make you stronger, Ako.
Ako: Lisa-nee. You guys... Thank you!!
Yukina: Let us keep this attitude as we aim for the top spot tomorrow.
Ako: Yeah!!
