event89-04 Chapter 3: What should Ako do?

Ako's worries grow regarding what will happen after the festival. She consults her sister, Tomoe...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... Alright, let us play it one time through.
Lisa: Okay! Just so you know, I've perfected those parts I was messing up before! I'm ready to rock~!
Ako: ...
Ako: (My daily quest is to make the transition between song number two and three super cool! Also...)
Ako: (Make eye contact with Rin-rin!)
Ako: (Even if I don't know what the big goal is, I can finish daily quests like in NFO. I might just figure something out by doing that.)
Sayo: Udagawa-san, are you ready?
Ako: Sure am~!
(Black cut)
Lisa: ... Yep! I think we came together pretty well there. Much better than last time. But... I think we might have done a little too well on that front. What do you guys think?
Sayo: I would have to agree.
Yukina: Indeed. I want us to focus a little bit more on livening things up.
Lisa: It may be a contest, but there's gonna be a crowd just like any other show. We want all of that passion they have to offer on our side!
Rinko: That's right... We want the people watching... to have a good time too...
Yukina: With the fes in mind, we certainly want to bring the audience into it more so we can increase excitement levels.
Lisa: Exactly!
Ako: (They're all already thinking about the fes.)
Sayo: We'll be dealing with a much larger scale at the fes, so make sure you're considering that when you perform.
Ako: (They're... having so much fun. They don't seem worried at all... What do I do?)
Rinko: Ako-chan...? What's wrong...?
Ako: Hm? Oh, nothing! I wanna play even harder and have the crowd raising the roof too!
Rinko: Ako-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Udagawa Residence]

Ako: I'm home~.
Tomoe: What's up, Ako! A lot of practicin' hard and comin' home late recently, huh?
Ako: Yeah! The contest is almost here, so we have to do everything we can.
Ako: Only... "4 days, 8 hours, 40 mins, 12 secs until contest"...
Tomoe: Is it me, or are you lookin' a lil bummed out?
Ako: ... Sis, do you have a goal for your band?
Tomoe: A goal? That question came outta nowhere...
Ako: I'm... not sure what I'm supposed to do once the contest and the fes are over...
Ako: We've been working so hard to reach that goal, but once that has passed... then what do I do?
Tomoe: Ako...
Ako: Lisa-nee, Yukina-san, all of them... They... They're working so hard, and they're only looking forward. They must know what comes next.
Ako: I, on the other hand, have no idea... Is it okay for me to take part in the fes when I'm feeling like this?
Tomoe: With Afterglow... we don't really have our sights set on any clear or cool goals like that. If I had to say, I think we've just been aiming for the same as always.
Tomoe: Just like how Roselia is always aiming for the top, I guess. Actually, no. I shouldn't say those are the same.
Ako: So what do you do to try to reach that goal?
Tomoe: I make sure that while our "same as always" is evolving, I protect the things that should never change. That's what I decided.
Tomoe: I, uh, know this is kinda vague, so it might not make any sense, but the worst thing would be for your band to get off-track.
Tomoe: That's why I think it's really important that you think about what you can do... and find your role. You know, besides being good or bad at your instrument.
Ako: My role...
Tomoe: J-just make sure you're not gettin' all worked up, dude! I had to spend a lot of time worrying and thinking before I figured out my role too.
Tomoe: I know there's not much time left before the contest, but if you think hard about it, I'm sure you'll find your own answer.
Ako: So I shouldn't get worked up...
Ako: (When will I be able to see... the Roselia that everyone else is moving toward?)
Ako: Rin-rin... What do I do?
