event113-03 Chapter 2: Future Dome Concert

Everyone gets their hands on the souvenirs they wanted. After heading to a café, they discuss their ideal shows.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[Sparkle Dome Entrance]

Kasumi: What a coincidence! Morfonica's here too!
Tsukushi: I just happened to get tickets, so I asked everyone to come.
Toko: I thought we might know some people here, but I didn't think we'd actually bump into you guys~.
Nanami: Which bands are you here to see?
Yukina: Well, If I had to say, I'm looking forward to...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: I know, right?! I love that band!
Rui: Their performance skills are extraordinary. They are quite the unique band.
Kasumi: You've got that right! Oh, I also wanna see-
Toko: Shoot! It's almost our turn to buy stuff!
Mashiro: R-really? Excuse us, Kasumi-san. We're going to pick up a few things.
Kasumi: Sure! See ya!
Kasumi: We're finally up next! I hope we can get everything we want...!
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: I got it~!
Mashiro: I'm glad you were able to get what you wanted as well.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm really happy~.
Kasumi: What did you guys buy? I got a collector's finger light and-
Yukina: Before that, perhaps we should move somewhere else.
Aya: Whoa, the line to buy goods has gotten even longer! Yeah, we should go.
Ran: How about we go to a café? Everything close by is probably crowded, so we might need to walk a bit.
Kasumi: We should invite Rei-san and Massu too! They said they'd be finishing up soon!
Kokoro: What a fun-tastic idea! Let's go ask them now!
Kasumi: Okay! Yay~! Time for tea, time for tea♪ This is gonna be great~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Aya: I'm glad we could find a shop nearby.
Ran: Yeah. The inside of this shop looked crowded too, so I wasn't sure we'd get a seat.
MASKING (Masuki): Is it really cool for us to be hangin' with you guys like this?
Kasumi: Of course it is! The more the merrier!
Kasumi: Right, Mashiro-chan?!
Mashiro: Huh...? You're asking me...? I, uhh... Yes...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, try to relax.
Mashiro: I-it's just that I've never been to an event this big before...
Mashiro: And on top of that, we're having tea with Kasumi-san and the others... My heart won't stop pounding...
Kasumi: Ehehe. You're making me blush~. It's okay. My heart's pounding too!
Toko: What?!
Tsukushi: You too?!
Kasumi: Of course!
Kasumi: Going to a normal live house is already fun and exciting, so big venues like this are on a completely different level... Ahh~! I wanna play a show at a dome too!
Tsukushi: Y-you're already daydreaming about it?!
Mashiro: Wow... I think... if we had a chance to play at a dome, I'd be more nervous than happy...
Kasumi: What?! Really?! Hmm~. Well, all I know is I wanna play a show.
Kasumi: It'd be super fun! Don't you all think so?!
Kokoro: Yeah! I wanna play so bad that I could jump on stage and join the bands today!
Ran: Please don't.
Aya: Ahaha...
Yukina: Calling it fun seems a bit simplistic... However, my desire to play at a dome remains the same.
Mashiro: Amazing... Um... If you did play a dome show, what kind of show would you put on...?
Kasumi: What kind of show? Hmm. Good question~...
