event113-02 Chapter 1: Heart-Pounding Wait

The group arrives at Sparkle Dome. As they line up to buy merchandise, they run into a certain someone...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Whoa~! We're only at the station, and there are already so many people!
Ran: Are they all here for Girls Band Expo?
Aya: It looks that way. If we follow them, I don't think we'll have any problems finding our way to the dome... But we better stick together so we don't lose each other.
Kokoro: Let's hold hands until we get there!
Yukina: That seems unnec- Then again, if that's safer, then maybe we should.
Kasumi: Alright, everybody, hold on tight! Let's go to the dome~! Yay!
Kokoro: Yay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Sparkle Dome Entrance]

Kasumi: We're here~!
Ran: There are even more people here. Especially over there... What's that line for?
Kokoro: There's something written on the sign that staff member is holding!
Aya: Uhh... "End Of Merchandise Line"...? No way, that's the line for goods!
Kasumi: Wait, did you say goods?!
Yukina: Toyama-san... Please don't tell me you're thinking of standing in that line.
Kasumi: Yeah, I am! We came all this way, so I wanna get some stuff to remember this by!
Aya: I'd like to see what they have too. It may be helpful in the future...!
Yukina: The future, huh...? You have a point.
Kokoro: Well, then let's get in line! Mmm~! I can't wait to see what kind of goods they have!
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Ran: Here. It's a list of all the stuff they're selling.
Kasumi: Wow! This is incredible! There's so much here. I can't possibly choose what to get~.
Yukina: It's a little far from here, but it looks like they have some goods on display above the cashier.
Kasumi: Hey, they do! Ohh~, seeing the real thing just makes it even harder to decide...!
Aya: There are T-shirts, towels, hats, wristbands... All the usual stuff. Looks like there are bands selling socks and other unique goods too!
Kokoro: Hm? What's this supposed to be?
Aya: Let me see. Hmm... It looks like a finger light, but you can't see inside the package.
Ran: Maybe it's meant to be a surprise.
Kasumi: I love stuff like that! I wonder what color it'll be~♪ I hope it's red.
Yukina: Do you really think you'll get your wish?
Kasumi: I have no idea, but that's the point! Ahh~. This is so heart-pounding~.
???: I hate to spoil your fun, but there are only a few finger lights left.
Kasumi: What?! It can't be~... Wait, that voice!
Kasumi: Rei-san! Massu!
MASKING (Masuki): Yo.
Yukina: Why are two of Raise A Suilen's members here?
Yukina: I didn't see you on the list of performing bands. It looks like your other members aren't here either...
LAYER (Rei): RAS isn't in today's event. We're just helping out.
LAYER (Rei): Masuki and I used to be part of one of the band's support crew. That's why we're here.
MASKING (Masuki): We'll be finished soon, though... Crap. It's getting a bit backed up at the register. C'mon, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): Okay. ... I hope you get what you want.
Aya: ... They left.
Ran: Yeah, but thanks to them, things are starting to calm down at the register. Those two are good.
Kokoro: You're right! Now we should be able to shop without any problems!
Aya: We'll have to thank them. I can't believe it, though... Some items are almost gone already.
Kasumi: Right?! Ohh, I hope I can get some goods...!
Aya: It's a real shock to actually see things sell out right in front of you.
Aya: Although, I guess they were going to eventually...
Kasumi: Yeah, I know... Ooh, but I still wanna get some!
Ran: We're gonna cut it close. There are still a few people ahead of us.
Kasumi: What if the people in front of us snatch up the last items~?!
Mashiro: That voice... Kasumi-san... Is that you?
Kasumi: Huh?
Kasumi: Wh-Whaaat?! Mashiro-chan?!
