event113-06 Chapter 5: Individual Dreams

The group excitedly listen to each other's dreams and admire their respective differences.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[Café]

Aya: Even if it's only for a little while, I'd like to try selling goods!
Aya: When you play at a large venue, selling goods is about the only way you can meet the fans... It may be hard to do, but we're talking about our ideal concert, so it's fine.
Aya: If there are other ways to make the fans happy, I'd love to try all kinds of things!
Ran: Selling goods... I bet Pastel＊Palettes fans would love that.
Aya: I want to bring a smile to the faces of our fans, whether it's by playing a show or doing something else.
Kokoro: Yeah! That's wonderful, Aya!
Kokoro: Since the dome is such a big venue, I'd want to do a show that uses as much space as possible! How about including an elephant as part of the show?
Ran: Then it'd just be a circus act... But it does sound like something Hello, Happy World! would do...
Ran: My answer is... probably the same as Minato-san.
Ran: I'd be plenty happy if Afterglow could give a killer show, the same as always.
Kasumi: Really? Well, is there anything else~?
Ran: What do you mean...? Like I said, I'm good with just playing like we always do.
Ran: Doing some crazy show or using props and whatnot wouldn't feel right. If people like our music, that's good enough for me.
MASKING (Masuki): I get that, but that's pretty hard to do, you know.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. You'd have to be a hundred percent on point for that to work... Still, I think that's a good approach.
Yukina: You would certainly be putting yourself out there. It's not something you can do half-heartedly.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, giving an elaborate performance is a lot of work too.
Ran: No matter what way you choose to go, it'll probably be just as hard.
Yukina: ... Layer, what about your band?
LAYER (Rei): Us?
Yukina: Yes. I'd like to hear what Raise A Suilen would like to do on stage.
Kasumi: Ooh! Tell us, tell us!
MASKING (Masuki): I don't know what to tell you...
LAYER (Rei): I'm not sure what Chu² would say... But at the very least, I think we'd want something similar to Roselia and Afterglow.
LAYER (Rei): It doesn't matter how big the venue is, I want to satisfy the fans with the best show we can give them. That's it.
MASKING (Masuki): For sure. If we said that to Chu², though, she might say, "Sparkle Dome is too small."
Kasumi: She'd probably say something like, "Ahh~. We need to be showing on TV and streaming around the world live!"
Aya: Ah, she would want to do that!
MASKING (Masuki): I like the sound of that. I'll tell Chu² when we get back.
Yukina: I hope she doesn't get so excited she can't do anything else.
Aya: Ooh, I can see that too.
LAYER & MASKING: Fufu.  Haha!
Aya: Still... We really are very different bands, aren't we?
Aya: All of our ideas for a dome concert are so different... But I think that's wonderful!
Yukina: ... Indeed it is.
Ran: I agree. This might sound like I'm exaggerating a bit... but we're all one of a kind.
Aya: It's not an exaggeration at all!
Aya: Talking with everyone has made me realize that the world is filled with so many types of bands!
Aya: And all those bands are racing toward their dreams in their own ways. Isn't that exciting to think about?!
Kasumi: Absolutely! It's super-duper exciting!
Yukina: Toyama-san, there's no need to lean forward that much...
Kasumi: Whoa! S-sorry!
Kasumi: It's just that Aya-senpai and I were thinking the same thing, so I got excited... Ehehe.
Aya: Really? That's great...!
Aya: One day, we'll make everything we've talked about today come true!
Kasumi: You bet we will! No matter what, I'm definitely making my dream come true!
Aya: Yay!
Yukina & Ran: ... Fufu.
