61_Aya Maruyama_R1 Pretty In PinkŌśå

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Hi, everyone~ŌśåI'm Aya Maruyama!
Aya: I'm the vocalist of Pastel’╝ŖPalettes. It's nice to meet you.
Aya: Just like the word palette, our band is full of beautiful colors and vibrant personalitiesŌśå
Aya: Our songs are all sparkling, colorful, and lovely to listen to, so please give them a try sometime!
Aya: We've only just taken our first steps as a band, but nothing would make me happier if you could continue to watch over us!
Aya: I'm Aya Maruyama, and we are Pastel’╝ŖPalettes! Thanks, everyone~!
Aya: ...
Aya: Huh? I still have some time left?! U-um, wh-what should I say...?!
Aya: U-um, I'm Aya Maruyama! I-I'm the vocalist... Wait, I've already said this...
Aya: Ugh, what do I do~?
Aya: Now I'm out of time?! No way~!
Aya: I should've thought up a better self-introduction~!


<Are You A Fan?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Huh? Is that... I knew it!
Aya: What a surprise to see you here~. You weren't waiting all this time just to get a glimpse of me, were you...? Hehe, just kidding!
Aya: Ehehe, sorry.
Aya: I couldn't help myself.
Aya: Do you have work today? I just finished up! I was about to head home, but then I saw you.
Aya: Yeah, work is really fun. Thank you so much for always looking out for us.
Aya: ... To be honest, I'm always a little worried about whether or not I can live up to everyone's expectations...
Aya: Of course, I practice really hard, and I always give our performances everything I've got! But...
Aya: The more I tell myself I have to do better or work harder, the more anxious I start to feel about whether I really have it in me or notŌĆ”
Aya: Ahaha... I'm not going to get anywhere like this, am I...? I should be acting more like a true idol...
Aya: ... Huh? You like how I am on stage...? R-really?
Aya: E-ehehe... thank you. I always mess things up when it counts...
Aya: But I want more and more people to like me when I'm on stage.
Aya: And to do that, I'm going to need to be more positive, huh?
Aya: Thanks again! I feel a little stronger now!
Aya: I'm going to keep trying hard! I'll worry about results later.
Aya: I'm glad I was able to talk to you today, {{userName}}-san.
Aya: I hope you'll keep being there for me in the future!
