63_Aya Maruyama_R3 Absolute Idol Pose☆

Gacha phrase: I'm Pastel＊Palettes' pretty pink charm, Aya! Hehe♪

<Original Pose>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: One, two, one, two~♪
Aya: Spin, and that's it! ... The perfect pose!
Eve: Bushido!
Aya: C-cut it out, Eve-chan.
Eve: Bushido!
Aya: A-ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Hey, Eve-chan. That last pose you did in our practice session today...
Eve: That's my bushido pose!!
Aya: Oh... umm, since we're idols, don't you think we should do poses that are, you know, cuter?
Aya: I know that's the kind of thing you're into, but...
Eve: ...? But that was one of your poses, Aya-chan?
Aya: Huh?! It was?!
Eve: Yes, you taught me when we did extra training for poses. After that, I continued practicing it in secret.
Eve: Watch me do it...!
Eve: Bushido!
Aya: Th-that was really high quality.
Aya: (I thought it was a cute pose I showed her though...)
Eve: I really like the pose that you taught me, Aya-san!
Aya: It doesn't really look very idol-like though...
Eve: Hmm, now that you mention it, I didn't get very good reactions from my teachers or the staff at the agency...
Eve: I wonder why. Maybe the pose needs more bushido...?
Aya: I-I guess your pose does have a martial arts feel to it, but... don't worry about it too much.
Aya: Anyway, why don't we practice my new pose together? Come on. Cover your face like this, and bend your left knee... Ta-da☆
Eve: Umm... like this, and then I... bushido?
Aya: Why do you always end up doing that?!
Eve: Your movements were so powerful, I could feel the bushido, Aya-san!
Aya: But why~?!
Chisato: You two seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Aya: Ugh... Chisato-chan, help...
Chisato: Wh-what's the matter?
(Black cut)
Chisato: I see. You're having trouble deciding on your signature poses.
Eve: Chisato-san... do you think my bushido pose is strange?
Chisato: No, I don't. Both you and Aya-chan have your own individuality.
Chisato: However, what is important is how other people see you, don't you think?
Aya: How other people see us...
Eve: ...
Eve: As an incarnation of bushido?
Aya: A-ahaha... I don't know about everyone else, but that's not exactly how I see you...
Chisato: But it's a good point to focus on. That's how Eve-chan perceives herself.
Chisato: It's possible that your poses don't feel right because the way you perceive yourself, and the way others see you, don't match.
Aya: Cute, and bushido... Ah, you might be right.
Chisato: Which is why it may be good for you to have a think about the way you are seen by others.
Eve: I see, this is really helpful!
Aya: Oh, so for example, how is that you see me, Chisato-san?
Chisato: You, Aya-chan? Hmm, let's see...
Chisato: ... Perhaps I'll tell you some other time.
Aya: Huh?! But now I really wanna know!
Eve: I see you as really bright and cheerful, cute... and just lovely, Aya-san!
Aya: That's how you see me, Eve-chan?! Ehehe, this is kinda embarrassing♪
Chisato: ...
Chisato: On second thought, I think I'll just keep my opinion to myself. Now, if you'll excuse me.
Aya: Whaaat?!


<Lalala~♪>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Kiran~!
Aya: Ha-oon~.
Aya: Kyapi-kyapin♪
Aya: ... Hrm, something's not right~.
Aya: This part needs to be a little cuter.
Aya: Okay, here we go...
Aya: Kyapirin~♪
Aya: Yeah, there we go! ... Huh?
Aya: Eeek! {{userName}}-san!
Aya: I thought I saw someone in the reflection of the mirror. Y-you scared me~.
Aya: Aww... I feel so embarrassed, now that I know you saw me...
Aya: Umm, I was practicing the poses that I think are cute.
Aya: Huh? You think it's great that I'm working hard?
Aya: I-it's nothing special!
Aya: I'm just doing what any professional idol would do!
Aya: And besides, I've been doing these poses since I was a trainee...
Aya: No, earlier than that. Ever since I started dreaming about being an idol when I was in elementary school!
Aya: So I guess they're kind of part of my daily routine.
Aya: Huh? You want to see my best pose...?
Aya: My best pose... O-okay, got it!
Aya: Here it is!
Aya: Kyarurun~♪
Aya: ...
Aya: H-huh?
Aya: Kya-kyarurun♪
Aya: Hey, why have you clammed up all of a sudden~?!
Aya: ... It was lamer than you thought it would be?
Aya: Was it really that lame?! Aww, everyone says that...
Aya: It happened just the other day when we were practicing too...
Aya: Oh, I'm on my own today, but we often practice together, you know?
Aya: Everyone practices and trains so much harder than me...
Aya: When we practice together, I feel like I can't let myself fall behind the others, so I always get really into it.
Aya: So much that I always practice whenever I can, just like this!
Aya: It's really thanks to the others that I'm able to put so much effort into practicing.
Aya: Everyone says my taste in poses is kind of off...
Aya: But for me, it's kind of like a reminder of the hard work I've put in to follow my dreams...
Aya: I guess I'm a little bit attached to these poses.
Aya: Hina-chan says I should try different ones...
Aya: And Eve-chan always reinterprets them as crazy bushido poses...
Aya: But even so, these poses and whatever's wrong with them is something I've worked on over time...
Aya: Maybe they're a part of why I'm me.
Aya: I think it's thanks to meeting the other members of the band that I've really been able to become aware of what makes me who I am.
Aya: That's why I'm going to focus on working hard with the others and become an idol that's true to who I am!
Aya: Oh, and one more thing.
Aya: When I say everyone, that umm...
Aya: It includes you too, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: The way you come check up on our practice and give me advice...
Aya: And all the other little things you do...
Aya: You've helped me so many times, {{userName}}-san.
Aya: So it'd make me really happy if you could keep watching over me...
Aya: Not just me, over all of us!
Aya: We'll all be here doing our absolute best, right along with you, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: ... Okay, it's a promise!
Aya: Oh, I should probably say that more like an idol would, huh?
Aya: Hmm...
Aya: A promise is a promise♪
Aya: ...
Aya: L-like I said, this is what makes me who I am...!
