240_Aya Maruyama_R2 Serious Standby...

<Life Counseling>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Deserted Island - Cabin]

Aya: I wonder if Eve-chan, Maya-chan and Hina-chan are okay...
Chisato: They're fine. There's no reason to be so worried.
Aya: What about completing the missions...? I hope we don't run into any trouble...
Chisato: That's just blowing things out of proportion. You realize the staff members are here with us too, right?
Aya: But what if we get attacked by a bear or something...?
Chisato: Alright, Aya-chan. Just relax for a second. You've been doing all that pacing back and forth, so I have no choice but to jump in here.
Chisato: First of all, there's no reason to believe we're in any danger, seeing as how we're recording for television, correct?
Aya: Y-yeah, I guess... But there's always a worst-case scenario!
Chisato: No, there isn't. Look, just come over here for now. Sit with me.
Aya: Ohh~, you're always so calm... Lucky...
Chisato: Isn't it just that you're always making a bigger deal out of things than you should be?
Chisato: Actually, today you seem even less calm than usual. What's wrong?
Aya: ... I feel like... I haven't really helped out at all during this shoot...
Aya: And even when I'm ready to give it my all, everyone keeps stopping me for some reason...
Aya: Sigh... Maybe it's because you guys don't feel like you can count on me...
Chisato: That's not it at all, Aya-chan. Not to mention, I haven't done anything yet either. Same as you.
Chisato: But we decided that the two of us would wait for the three of them, so we just have to relax and wait.
Aya: J-just waiting is... sort of unsettling though...
Chisato: I understand, but we have to believe in them.
Chisato: When they get back, wouldn't they be happier returning to smiles rather than anxiety-filled expressions?
Aya: You're probably right...
Chisato: I believe that being able to put trust in your friends like this, as an idol and as a band member, is very important.
Aya: ... Mhm! I got it! You're exactly right! Sorry about getting myself all worked up...
Aya: Even so, it's amazing that you're always so calm, Chisato-chan.
Aya: I wonder how I can become more relaxed like you.
Chisato: ... Hmm, well everyone has things that they're good at and things that they're bad at, right?
Chisato: So, I'll take my strengths and you take your strengths, and we'll help each other out. We should be fine doing that.
Chisato: I mean, we're not on our own, you know. We're Pastel＊Palettes, a group.
Aya: A group...
Chisato: Right now, it's not our turn, so just waiting is okay.
Chisato: Afterward, if our turn comes, then we do what we have to do. If you think about it like that, don't you feel better?
Aya: Yeah, I see... Because we're not doing it all on our own...
Chisato: Right, so when they come back, if our chance comes, that's when we'll shine, okay?
Aya: Mhm! I always knew you were awesome!
Aya: ... But you're right! It's time for them, not us, to play their role!
Aya: When our turn comes, I'll give it my best shot!
Chisato: Finally, the Aya-chan we all know is here.
Aya: Thank you, Chisato-chan. For worrying about me.
Chisato: ... That's not really what I was doing. I just don't like when you're freaking out right next to me...
Aya: Ehehe, but still! Thanks, Chisato-chan!


<As an Idol...>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Aya: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good morning...
Aya: Yes, I'm okay. I was just feeling a bit down after thinking about the deserted island shoot the other day...
Aya: Ah, filming itself was a lot of fun!
Aya: And when it actually was being aired, I was really excited about seeing myself on TV!
Aya: But...
Aya: Afterward, when we looked at it again to try and learn from it, I... Besides the shouting I did at the end, I pretty much did nothing!
Aya: I realized that, so I was feeling a bit bummed...
Aya: Everyone else worked so hard! Maya-chan came up with so many ideas to help us complete the missions!
Aya: All we have to do is look at Hina-chan and Eve-chan, with how innocent their minds are, and that lifts our spirits. And Chisato-chan is so dependable...
Aya: So thinking about it and wondering what it is I really have to offer, I just...
Aya: ... Ah, I'm sorry! All I'm doing is complaining!
Aya: Hm...? You think so? That's my appeal, huh...?
Aya: I'm always putting my best effort into whatever I'm doing because of my goal of becoming an idol...
Aya: But, I guess... It feels like I don't have anything that I can do with ease.
Aya: Ehehe, oh really...? So people see me trying hard and feed off of my energy... I never really thought about that...
Aya: The same thing happens when you watch me too? Ehehe, I'm happy to hear you say that!
Aya: Got it! In that case, I'll keep doing my best to share that energy with others!
Aya: Thank you for listening...! Ah! Rehearsal's started! I have to go!
Aya: ... Oh, sorry! Can I ask you for a favor?
Aya: If it's okay with you... I'd like it if we could talk like this again sometime...
Aya: Ehehe, I appreciate it! Thank you in advance!
