263_Aya Maruyama_R3 Heave, Ho? Heave, Ho!

<Captain of Excitement>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hanasakigawa - School Path]

Aya: Oh, Chisato-chan! Are you on your way home?
Chisato: That's right. You too, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yeah! Hey, why don't we head home together?
Chisato: Sure. Let's go.
Aya: I feel like it's been ages since we walked home together like this.
Aya: I guess everyone has been going home at different times lately because of all the Sports Day stuff.
Chisato: You're probably right.
Aya: What events are you taking part in, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Actually... I have work that day. I won't be attending the Sports Day.
Aya: Oh, really? That's too bad...
Chisato: That's what everyone else in my class said. I kind of feel bad as they all seem to be extra considerate of me when I'm left out of practice.
Chisato: It would be nice if I could make it on the day, but I doubt it will happen...
Aya: ... I'm sorry, Chisato-san. I just started talking about all this stuff without even considering your schedule.
Aya: We're in the same group, I should at least be aware of your schedule, huh?
Chisato: It's fine, Aya-chan. Don't worry about it.
Chisato: Just put in some extra effort instead of me, okay?
Aya: But...
Chisato: I won't be able to make it, but Eve-chan is taking part too, right?
Aya: Ah, yeah. She said that she's in the red team with me.
Aya: I think she said she was in the three-legged race...
Aya: I wonder what it'd be like to do a three-legged race with her... I guess she'll count "one two, one two"...?
Chisato: She'll probably just say "ichi ni, ichi ni," you know? It's Eve-chan, after all, so I imagine she has learned about Sports Day over here.
Aya: That's true! She's probably studied up on all kinds of things!
Chisato: What will you be going in, Aya-chan?
Aya: I'm one of the cheerleaders! There's a lot of competition, so I wasn't sure how it'd turn out, but...
Aya: I got chosen this year! I was so happy when I found out!
Chisato: Fufu, sounds like the perfect job for you, Aya-chan.
Aya: I really wanted to do it after I saw the cheerleaders at the Sports Day last year!
Aya: I was really nervous since everyone said that most people don't make the cut...
Aya: I guess everyone dreams of doing it, huh? It's not something that you get many chances to do, after all.
Chisato: I for one have never done it before.
Aya: You'd totally get chosen for it if you applied, Chisato-chan!
Aya: Let's apply for together next year! And then we can cheer everyone on together!
Chisato: True, if that means I can avoid the other events, I wouldn't mind it.
Aya: I hope I can get in two years in a row! But for now, I have to make it a success this year!
Aya: I'm going to cheer everyone on so hard! Yeah!
Chisato: Fufu, you're really getting into this, Aya-chan.
Aya: Oh... sorry. You can't even come, but here I am getting all excited about it...
Aya: I mean, you actually wanted to take part in it, right?
Chisato: Really, you don't need to worry about me♪ It's truly a terrible shame that I can't make it, but work is work, after all.
Aya: I wish the agency would think more about our situation too when they plan things for us.
Aya: ... I guess I can't be picky though. We're so lucky to get this kind of work in the first place, so it's hard to say no, huh?
Chisato: That's right.
Aya: Chisato-chan! I'll put in enough effort for the two of us!
Chisato: I'll be cheering for everyone in my heart at work tomorrow.
Aya: Okay, I'll do my best!
Chisato: Fufu, that's the spirit, Aya-chan.


<Sore Muscles...>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE - Cafe]

Aya: Oh, {{userName}}-san! Hello... gah!
Aya: Aha, ahaha... sorry for my making a weird noise.
Aya: Ehehe, you look surprised.
Aya: I hurt one of the muscles in my back...
Aya: I guess you're wondering how I even managed to hurt myself, right?
Aya: We had our school Sports Day recently. I was in the cheerleading group for the day, but I think I got a little too excited and... overdid it.
Aya: Besides cheering, I also went in some events too, so that could be part of it...
Aya: I'm not exactly great at sports or anything either...
Aya: I never liked Sports Days and stuff like that in junior high school.
Aya: But the one this time was easily the most fun!
Aya: And that was because I was able to cheer for everyone as a cheerleader!
Aya: I hope I get chosen for it again next year.
Aya: Oh, that reminds me. Doing the cheerleading thing made me realize I've got more stamina than I used to.
Aya: I used to always hate exercising or training, stuff like that...
Aya: After joining Pastel＊Palettes and becoming an actual idol was the first time  I did that kind of basic training properly.
Aya: I realized as long as I'm going to keep being an idol, there's no such thing as a meaningless experience!
Aya: So now I feel like I can really enjoy exercise and training!
Aya: I have a feeling that every little thing will help me shine as an idol!
Aya: ... I kinda just said something corny, huh? Ehehe.
Aya: But anyway, I'm really glad that I was able to realize this again because of the Sports Day!
Aya: Also, doing the cheerleading made me realize something else too... I'm the vocalist of Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Aya: Because of that, there's a lot of times when I have my photo taken for interviews, or I stand in the center of the stage, but...
Aya: I realized that it's really fun to be the supporting person in the back too.
Aya: It felt really so good to cheer for everyone!
Aya: Oh, no! I don't hate being center stage! If anything I love it!
Aya: I mean, I get to do the same thing as my personal idol, Ayumi-san, after all.
Aya: I'm going to keep giving it my very best as the vocalist for Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: ... Now that I think about it, my position doesn't really matter.
Aya: Even if I'm standing at the center of the stage, I still want to be able to cheer for people too.
Aya: I want to give people courage...
Aya: Help them believe that effort is never for nothing...
Aya: That's the kind of idol I want to be!
Aya: And to do that I have to work hard and get more stamina!
Aya: I can't just sit around saying I hate exercising!
Aya: I've actually been working out in my own time, you know?
Aya: Ah, but what if I overdo it and turn into a buff, muscle idol?!
Aya: I don't think I want that...
Aya: Hey, don't laugh at me~! Fufu, but I guess I'm happy if the things I say make you laugh, {{userName}}-san.
Aya: Seeing people's smiles gives me the strength to work harder!
Aya: Cheering people on, making people smile... I've got more things I want us to do in Pastel＊Palettes now.
Aya: Okay, no time like the present, right? I'll cheer you on to work today, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: Heave-ho! Heave-ho! {{userName}}-san! ... Oh, wait! That's for tug of war!
Aya: Gah! Ahaha... I should probably fix my back first, shouldn't I?
Aya: Let me cheer for you again once I'm better!
