353_Aya Maruyama_R2 A Sparkling Stage

<Is That Acknowledgement...?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Good work today, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: You too, Aya-chan.
Aya: Huh? There's something on the table... What is it?
Aya: Maybe it's from a fan...
Aya: Wh-what if it's like a bomb or something?!
Chisato: Fufu, why would you ever think something like that...? Aya-chan, did you really forget what day it is?
Aya: Huh...? Uhm... Is it someone's birthday? Wait, no. Uhm...
Aya: ... Ah! That's right! These must be our new stage outfits!
Chisato: So you finally remembered? And you were supposed to be the one looking forward to them the most.
Aya: Ehehe... W-well, looks like they're finally here!
Aya: Do you think we can open it now?
Chisato: I'm sure it's fine. We'll have to try them on anyway.
Aya: Yay~! Then here I go!
Aya: Wow~! Look, Chisato-chan! It's so cute~!
Chisato: Fufu! Aya-chan, you had the same reaction last time. We saw the sketches when they took our measurements, remember?
Aya: W-well, yeah, but... Still, seeing the final product really does get you fired up!
Aya: Fufufu, now that we have new outfits... I can't help but recall everything we've done up till now!
Chisato: That's very true. We have been through a lot.
Aya: Doing all the stuff we've done together as Pastel＊Palettes... I think has really helped me become more and more like an idol!
Chisato: That's true. You were pretty unreliable when we first started.
Aya: H-hey! Don't say that~!
Aya: ... Ehehe, but I guess that means I've become more reliable, right?
Chisato: ...
Aya: Why aren't you saying anything?! I did really well today, didn't I?!
Chisato: But what about the photoshoot? When that other performer tried talking to you, you kept stammering and stuttering, no?
Aya: Erk!
Chisato: You need to learn to respond quickly and confidently in those situations.
Aya: ... You're right, Chisato-chan... I still have a long way to go...
Chisato: ... If you're having trouble, redirect the conversation to me, okay?
Aya: Huh, what? But that will just cause you trouble instead...
Chisato: What are you talking about? I have far more experience in this industry than you. I can do something as simple as that.
Chisato: Besides...
Aya: ... What is it?
Chisato: We've always helped each other out when we really needed to, right? You don't have to be so shy about doing stuff like that, okay?
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: Well, I'm sure as you get better at being put on the spot, that kind of thing won't happen so mu- Aya-chan?
Aya: Yay~! Thank you so much, Chisato-chan~! I'll do my best!
Chisato: O-okay, I get it... Don't hug me so suddenly like that.
Aya: Ehehe. Well, I am happy~!!


<Just Getting Started!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Aya: Ah, {{userName}}-san! I see you're busy with work!
Aya: Me? I just got back from the talent agency.
Aya: I have a bit of free time now, so I decided to come and practice a bit!
Aya: Ehehe, am I smiling that much? Well~, that's because...
Aya: ... Of this photo! Look at this! Our new stage outfits are finally done!
Aya: Ehehe, Aren't they just so cute?!
Aya: Just thinking about performing in this outfit makes me really excited!
Aya: Oh and guess what! On my way here, a stranger called out to me!
Aya: ... Turns out they like Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: They came up to me and said, "Are you Aya Maruyama? I'm a huge fan!" Can you believe it?!
Aya: No one's ever stopped me in the street before. I was super shocked!
Aya: Ehehe, that made me kinda happy... I bet pretty soon I'll have to wear a disguise when I go out~♪
Aya: ... Ah! B-but I still have a long way to go, too!
Aya: ... Yes, I have to work even harder so that I can become the type of idol I want to be!
Aya: Ehehe, It's really reassuring to hear you say that. I'm glad you believe in me.
Aya: Okay, now to get practicing! Here I go!
Aya: Thank you so much for listening!
Aya: See you around- Ah! Wait! I forgot about something important!
Aya: If you have time, please check out our next concert! We'll be revealing our new costumes!
