387_Aya Maruyama_R3 Maruyama is Here!

Gacha phrase: We've finally reached the point where we can have that kind of event too, huh?!

<An Effortful Response>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Before the Meet-and-Greet]

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Eve-chan, Maya-chan, you're doing great! Your responses for the meet-and-greet are perfect!
Aya: Alright! My turn! Here I go~!
Eve: Okay, I'll play the part of the fan! Ready...? Ahem...
Eve: Aya-san! I'm your biggest fan! You have my complete and total support!
Aya: U-uhm, okay! S-sank you... Ah, I mean... Thank goo... Urgh...
Aya: Wah~, I'll never be able to talk to our fans. I just get so nervous~!
Aya: Ohh~... If this is what practice is like, I can only imagine how bad it'll be when the actual event starts... What am I going to do...?
Maya: Oh! How about making a list of things you might hear and how you'd reply to them? Kinda like a manual!
Eve: Good idea! If you can guess what your fans will say, it'll be much easier for you to respond to them!
Aya: Y-you're right! Let's give it a shot!
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Eve: Aya-san! I'm a huge fan! You have my full support!
Aya: Thank you very much! I'm glad to hear you'll be cheering me on!
Aya: ... H-how was that?!
Maya: Perfect response! And your smile adds a nice touch!
Eve: Aya-san, I think you're ready for the real deal!
Aya: Thanks, you guys~! I couldn't have done it without you~!
Aya: Okay! Meet-and-greet, here I come! Charge~!
Maya & Eve: Charge~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Meet-and-Greet]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Good work, everyone~...
Maya: You too, Aya-san! Huh? You seem pretty down. Did something happen?
Aya: My nerves got the better of me, and I wasn't able to follow the manual at all~...
Aya: So much for all that practice... I'm so sorry, you guys...
Eve: Y-you don't have to apologize for that! Practice is completely different from the real thing!
Maya: That's right! Things never go exactly how you planned!
Aya: Th-thanks, guys...
Aya: It's just that I finally had the chance to talk to my fans, and they had such nice things to say...
Aya: Some of them came from far away to see me. Some have been following me since my days as a trainee...
Aya: I wanted to tell them how much I appreciated all those things, but when I tried to think of how to do that, my mind went completely blank...
Maya: But that just goes to show that you were thinking of your fans when you went to the event, right?!
Eve: I agree! That's wonderful, Aya-san!
Aya: Ohh~... I appreciate you saying that, but if I can't express that gratitude, it doesn't matter if I think it or not...
Eve: Aya-san...
Maya: ... I know! Take a look at this!
Aya: Are those... comments from our fans?
Maya: Yeah! People who came today are talking about their experience on this forum!
Eve: ... Ah! There are people talking about you on here, Aya-san!
Aya: Wh-what are they saying?! Were they disappointed?!
Eve: Not at all. Look! "Watching Aya-chan do her best to respond in her own words left a big impression on me."
Maya: And this one! "I liked that she tried to make our conversation feel personal. I never felt like what she said was something she tells everyone. Plus she's pretty cute when she's flustered!"
Aya: Y-you mean... they had a good time?
Eve: Yes! They could tell exactly how you felt, Aya-san!
Aya: Th-thank goodness~... I'm so glad they liked me...
Aya: Alright! I've decided that next time, I'm going to do our meet-and-greet... without a manual!
Aya: I don't know if I'll be able to say everything I want to say...
Aya: But now I know that it's best to speak from the heart!
Eve: Yeah! Being yourself is what really matters!
Maya: I bet you're looking forward to our next event! I know I am!
Aya: Mhm! Maya-chan, Eve-chan... Thanks for all your help!


<Once in a Lifetime>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Downtown]

Aya: Ehehe~, so much fun~.
Aya: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Good morning!
Aya: Hm? Was I really smiling that much?
Aya: Well, you see~, we had a release event the other day! Do you know what that is?
Aya: It's an event where our fans get to meet us! It was so fun, I can't help thinking about it!
Aya: Up until recently, we haven't had many chances to interact with fans. One of the rules our agency put in place kept us from doing that. That's why this event made me so happy.
Aya: ... I was also really nervous the whole time, though.
Aya: Eve-chan and Maya-chan helped me practice what to say when meeting my fans, and I thought for sure I was ready for anything...
Aya: But once it all started, I forgot everything we'd practiced...
Aya: Looking back on it now, I guess that makes sense.
Aya: Think about it. The time my fans and I have together is really short. We have to make sure we speak from the heart and share how we really feel.
Aya: There were even people attending who were more nervous than I was.
Aya: And despite how much their nerves were getting to them, I could tell that they were trying their best to communicate their feelings to me.
Aya: Seeing that, I knew I had to try to respond to each person individually.
Aya: After all, it might have been their only chance to talk with me, right?
Aya: And when I thought about it like that, I knew I had to appreciate the opportunity as much as I could.
Aya: But then, my mind went blank and I forgot all the responses I'd memorized... Ehehe.
Aya: But I'm glad I was able to make the event special for those fans!
Aya: Ah, what would you say for something like that? I feel like there's a specific phrase for this...
Aya: Something about... this possibly not happening again... and you should cherish it... I think.
Aya: Argh~, I can't remember! I feel like it had the word "opportunity" in it...
Aya: ... Ah! That's it! "A once-in-a-lifetime opportunity!"
Aya: When I learned that phrase in school, the true meaning didn't really click for me.
Aya: Yeah, all I remember is thinking that it has the word "opportunity" in it.
Aya: But now, after the meet-and-greet, I totally have a better feeling for it!
Aya: Oh, how I'd love to have more chances to meet with my fans!
Aya: What are my goals for next time? To not get so nervous, of course!
Aya: Also... to cherish the once-in-a-lifetime opportunities even more!
