417_Aya Maruyama_R3 Picture Perfect?

<Now, the Entire Country!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Chisato-chan, morning~!
Chisato: Good morning, Aya-chan. You're in a good mood today. What's going on?
Aya: It's because of something I just heard from the staff. They said they're planning for us to have more release events.
Chisato: That's great news. Although I'm fairly certain the staff has told us that they want to do more events before.
Aya: Well, about that~! They mentioned doing more events throughout the region!
Chisato: Oh, that's news to me. We've only been doing them close by. I think that's a wonderful idea.
Aya: Me too! That way, people who can't normally come to our events will finally get a chance to see us!
Aya: Oh~, just thinking about it gets me excited!
Aya: Plus...
Chisato: Is there something else you're looking forward to?
Aya: Yeah, I mean, we'd be traveling outside the city, right?
Chisato: Yes, that's correct... What exactly are you getting at?
Aya: Think about it, we can go sight-seeing wherever we go for events!
Chisato: Sight-seeing?
Aya: Yeah, we'll already be taking some long trips! We have to make the most of it and enjoy ourselves!
Chisato: I-I suppose that's one way to look at it...
Aya: Ehehe, I can't wait... Imagine walking around and stopping at all the local food shops! It'll be great!
Aya: And think about all the famous spots we could visit! Once we know where we're going, I'll have to make a list!
Aya: I bet Eve-chan would love going to all the famous temples and shrines in the area~!
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sure she would. Wouldn't she enjoy visiting castles too, though?
Aya: Y-you're right! Actually, I'd like to see some castles as well... I'm sure photos taken there would be perfect to post online!
Aya: Oh~, there's just so much I want to do! Maybe I should make an itinerary?!
Chisato: A-Aya-chan, calm down. This wouldn't be some school trip.
Chisato: I get the feeling you're more excited about traveling than the chance to do events in more and more places throughout the country...
Aya: ... Ah.
Aya: N-no way~! I'm super pumped about the actual events too!
Aya: Do you really think we'll be able to do that many more events though?
Chisato: You don't have to worry about that. The fact that the agency is even considering it means that our last event was a success.
Chisato: As long as we keep doing our job and producing favorable results, I'm sure we'll be given all sorts of new challenges and opportunities.
Aya: I see... That's true! I don't know if we'll actually be able to pull it off, but... we'll have to work really hard once it's decided that we're going on tour!
Chisato: Fufu, good to see your source of motivation has returned to the event and away from sight-seeing.
Aya: Ehehe... I really am looking forward to it though. If we start doing lots of events in other prefectures, then it's probably only a matter of time before we've covered all of Japan!
Aya: Then all of Japan will know about Pastel＊Palettes, just like Eve-chan said!
Aya: How nice it would be if the whole country came to love Pastel＊Palettes...
Chisato: No matter how many times I hear it, that goal just seems so unrealistic for the current us.
Aya: S-so it really is a little too out there for us, huh?
Chisato: No. If we're going to try at all, then we need at least that level of enthusiasm.
Chisato: So in that case, I say we aim to make the whole world Pastel＊Palettes fans.
Aya: Chisato-chan...! Yeah... We have to dream big!
Aya: Okay! The first step towards reaching that goal is practicing hard!
Chisato: Yes. If we're going to be doing more events, we have to properly prepare by increasing our stamina and putting more effort into our lessons.
Aya: Yeah! We can do it~!
Chisato: Fufu, sounds like someone's motivated.
Chisato: ... However, Aya-chan, for you, first and foremost...
Aya: Wh-what?!
Chisato: You need to work on being our MC... You messed up at the last event too...
Aya: D-don't talk about that~!
Chisato: Fufu, practice makes perfect. We'll just have to work harder, right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yup! And I'll be sure to come to you if I need any help!


<I Have to Try Too!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Ah, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: Good morning! You're up early.
Aya: You're on your way to work? So am I!
Aya: We're having an event at the CD shop today~.
Aya: That's right! A release event for our new song! We're going around to different stores to promote it!
Aya: Ehehe, is it really that obvious how excited I am?
Aya: It's just that these things are always so much fun!
Aya: Seeing all the fans who attended leave with smiles on their faces...
Aya: It fills me with so much glee! I end up being just as happy as they are!
Aya: If you had told me when I was in training that someday I'd be doing events like this and bringing joy to my fans, I would've never believed you!
Aya: Still, there's so much more to events than I would have ever imagined...
Aya: Ah, you heard about what happened, right? ... Yeah, at one of our events, a fight broke out among the fans...
Aya: No one really knew what to do, it was such a mess.
Aya: That's when Eve-chan took charge and helped settle the problem!
Aya: She looked so cool up there talking to our fans like that.
Aya: Normally, she's such a sweetheart...
Aya: But in that moment, when it really mattered, she showed us we can count on her. She was like a samurai up there!
Aya: I, on the other hand, had no idea what to do in that moment. All I could do was cry...
Aya: Technically I'm the older one, so in reality, I should be able to pull myself together and take charge...
Aya: I really am a loser, aren't I...?
Aya: Hm? Are you trying to make me feel better? Thank you, I appreciate it!
Aya: Still, the instant I saw her standing up there, I knew I needed to work harder. I won't let her show me up!
Aya: I can't just rely on Eve-chan all the time. If something like this happens again, I want to be able to help Pastel＊Palettes too!
Aya: ... Y-you really think I can do it?
Aya: Ehehe, hearing that gives me the push I need to do my best!
Aya: Ah, sorry for keeping you so long! You're on your way to work, too...
Aya: Thank you again for listening to me, though. Talking to you has made me even more motivated than before!
Aya: I'll do everything I can to live up to your expectations, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: So please, keep watching over me and Pastel＊Palettes!
