452_Aya Maruyama_R4 An Idol that Inspires

Gacha phrase: Y-yeah! Although I still have a long way to go...

<A Talent for Dreaming>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Practicing all together really is the best! I got a little carried away today. My muscles are going to be sore tomorrow.
Eve: I'm so glad we convinced them to focus on Pastel＊Palettes again!
Maya: Of course, that means our schedules have gotten a little hectic, but we just have to work extra hard!
Aya: I've got to try harder so I can get more solo projects! ... Ah, but before I do that, I better do something about how nervous I get when I'm by myself.
Chisato: I'm sure you'll get used to it quickly.
Aya: You're always by yourself when you're filming, aren't you, Chisato-chan? You really are amazing~.
Chisato: I've been doing this for a long time. It's all about experience.
Hina: Now that I think about it, you were pretty nervous during the interview I watched too~.
Aya: Huh? You watched that video?
Hina: Of course I did~! Watching you is always a riot.
Hina: Plus it's online, so I can pull it up on my phone whenever I want. I've already watched it numerous times today~.
Eve: Really?! I want to see the gallant Aya-san in action too!
Aya: I-I wouldn't call myself gallant or anything like that~. I was super anxious during that interview, so having you guys watch it is kind of embarrassing...
Chisato: But as a group, I think it's important that we check out each other's work. Don't you?
Hina: You think so too, huh, Chisato-chan? Then let's watch it together~!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Aya: ... "My dream is to become an even greater idol than Ayumi-san! A-and I'll work hard to make that dream come true!"
Hina: Ahaha, no matter how many times I watch it, it looks to me like you really were freaking out~.
Eve: Still, your feelings really come across here, Aya-san.
Maya: I was thinking the same thing! Just by looking at your face, you can tell how passionate you are about idols.
Chisato: Doing your best to convey your thoughts despite your nerves really shows who you are as a person, Aya-chan.
Aya: R-really?! Thank goodness~. To be honest, I was so nervous I didn't really know what I was saying...
Chisato: It's a little clumsy, but you did a lot better than you think. You look like you're having such a good time when you start talking about dreams.
Eve: I think so too. You talked so much about dreams in this interview.
Hina: Ah, so you guys noticed too? I actually counted how many times it came up! In this 10-minute interview, Aya-chan said 'dream' 12 times!
Aya: Huh? Did I really say it that many times?!
Hina: That's more than once per minute! Isn't that amazing? I bet it's a new national record.
Aya: Hey~! Don't make fun of me~...! How embarrassing...
Chisato: There's no reason to feel that way. Doesn't that just mean that dreams are very important to you?
Chisato: I wish I could talk that much about dreams.
Chisato: After all that's happened, I've realized that dreaming itself requires talent as well. And that's one talent you have plenty of, Aya-chan.
Aya: I-I wouldn't call it talent... I'm just aimlessly working hard to make my dreams come true...
Maya: And that's all you need! You inspire others just by being you!
Aya: Y-you really think so?
Eve: Yes! You've encouraged me countless times before!
Hina: Yup, I agree~. Even when you keep failing and failing... and failing, you always get back up and keep going!
Aya: Th-thanks, Hina-chan... I wish you wouldn't make it sound like I'm failing so much though...
Chisato: Fufu, I think you're fine just the way you are too, Aya-chan. It's because of you that we've all found our own dreams after all.
Chisato: It's most likely thanks to your talent for dreaming that Pastel＊Palettes is moving forward.
Aya: ... Y-yeah. Thank you... Thanks, guys.
Maya: Hm? What's wrong? You seem a little confused...
Aya: E-everyone's saying such nice things about me, my brain can't keep up...
Aya: Hey, could you guys say that stuff one more time? I'll record it on my phone, that way I can go over it again later!
Eve: Huh? Everything? From the beginning?!
Hina: Ahaha~, that's Aya-chan for you! Isn't it fine as long as you know that we were praising you?
Aya: I-I guess so... I just wish I understood what I was being praised for...
Maya: To put it simply, we want you to know that Pastel＊Palettes couldn't exist without your dream, Aya-san!
Eve: Always stay true to who you are, Aya-san!
Aya: I-I see...! Yeah, Thanks...! I'll keep on chashing my drems! ... Ah.
Hina: Wow~, I can't believe you messed up at such an important time. You're really something, Aya-chan~. Must be another of your talents~.
Aya: ...!
Hina: No matter how much you keep failing, and failing, and failing... and failing, just make sure you get back up!
Aya: Hina-chan... Why'd you add another fail~?!
All: Ahahaha...


<The Band is My Dream>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Record Shop]

Aya: Uhm, it should be somewhere around here... Found it!
Marina: Hello, Aya-chan~.
Aya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Thanks for all your help the other day. Are you out shopping?
Marina: Yup. We're looking for a CD. Are you looking for something too?
Aya: N-no! I wouldn't say that...
Marina: Hm? Something wrong? Your face is going red...
Aya: Y-you see... I was looking at all the Pastel＊Palettes CDs they sell here!
Aya: Obviously, I already own them myself, but just seeing our CDs in stores like this is really encouraging.
Aya: Back when I was training to be an idol, this kind of thing seemed like a far-off dream.
Aya: Now all those dreams are coming true because of Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: So in a way, Pastel＊Palettes is my dream...
Marina: Your dream is Pastel＊Palettes...  You know, hearing you say it like that, it makes total sense. Isn't that right, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: Ah, that reminds me! I saw an article online about your new single. Congrats!
Aya: Ah, you know about it? I'm happy to hear that!
Aya: We got that song while we were going through a lot as a group. So whenever I sing that song, I always remember that time.
Aya: Like how thankful I am for Pastel＊Palettes, and my feelings for the bandmates who are always by my side.
Aya: Those kind of feelings are impossible to put into words, and I end up getting emotional. I always feel like crying... Well, actually, I usually do end up crying.
Marina: I see~. I think others should feel lucky that there's a song that you can sing with all those emotions though.
Marina: When that joy is added to your music, it's conveyed to your audience. Don't you think that'll make them happy too?
Aya: Y-yeah! You're right! We're going to be performing that song at an upcoming event, so we've been practicing every day...
Aya: And every single time, I get all choked up. All the handkerchiefs in the world wouldn't be enough.
Aya: Hina-chan's always laughing at me and saying things like "We're in the middle of practice, you know~," so I've been trying not to cry while I sing.
Aya: However... After talking with you, I think I'll just do what I've been doing all along!
Aya: After all, there's no point in performing if my feelings don't come across to my fans!
Marina: Yup, I totally agree! I'm sure your voice will give everyone courage.
Aya: Th-thank you! And if you're free, I'd love to see you at our event!
Aya: Afterward, you'll both have to tell me what you think!
Aya: Ah! Is it that time already...?! I've got practice today too, so I've got to get going!
Aya: See you two later~!
