504_Aya Maruyama_R2 First Time Latte Art

<How Do I Get an Aura?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Chisato-chan, you got a second?
Chisato: Yes, I believe I do... What do you need?
Aya: There's something I want to ask... Unless I'm mistaken, you've been good friends with Kaoru-san for a long time, right?
Chisato: I wouldn't go that far... but yes, I have known her for years.
Aya: So, like... has she always been as popular as she is now?
Chisato: Huh?
Aya: Maybe she has some sort of special ability to just draw attention? Or a skill she hones on a regular basis... You haven't heard anything like that from her?
Chisato: N-no, I'm afraid I haven't... Why exactly are you curious about this?
Aya: Kaoru-san's aura... I'd like to have one like she does...
Chisato: Her aura?
Aya: Don't you think her presence is just so powerful?
Aya: She doesn't have to do anything but stand around to get noticed by everyone!
Aya: Compared to her, my aura is nothing at all. Not like a real celebrity's, anyway... It's like nobody knows I'm there...
Aya: Nnn, saying it out loud just makes me feel awful~!
Chisato: Aya-chan, there's no need to make a scene...!
Chisato: What is with this sudden need to compete with Kaoru...?
Aya: It's because I've already been utterly defeated by that aura of hers...
Aya: It was on the day when you and Kanon-chan went to that new café!
Chisato: Oh, that's when...
Aya: Kaoru-san was such a hit with all her fans swarming around her, meanwhile, I just sat there totally unnoticed.
Aya: I intentionally hid my identity, but after seeing that, I ditched the disguise and desperately tried to get some attention... But I totally failed...
Chisato: What?! Aya-chan, what exactly did you do?
Aya: Casually started humming Pastel＊Palettes songs. Not that anybody gave me the time of day or anything...
Chisato: Wh-what a sad turn of events...
Chisato: But I think you are making something out of nothing, Aya-chan. You have your own individual charm that no other person possesses.
Aya: Really? But when I'm out and about, nobody ever says a single word to me!
Aya: The other day, someone came up to me out of nowhere... but they only wanted directions!
Chisato: Forget about public approaches, Aya-chan. Having fans notice you out on the street does not equate to having some sort of aura.
Chisato: The ability to do what needs to be done when the situation calls for it... That is the quality of a true professional.
Chisato: Think about it from that perspective. Aya-chan the idol who appears with us on stage shines perfectly bright.
Aya: Y-you think so...?
Chisato: Yes. The proof is in the countless voices of your adoring fans.
Chisato: More than passing glances from strangers, that's what is truly important.
Aya: I see now... You're totally right. Thanks so much, Chisato-chan! I was feeling kind of out of it, but now I've snapped back!
Aya: Alright! I'll have to do my best to shine even brighter when I'm on stage!
Chisato: Fufu, that's the spirit. Keep at it, Aya-chan.


<Aim for 100!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station]

Aya: Hm? {{userName}}-san, good afternoon!
Aya: Out to gather things for the studio? That's very helpful of you!
Aya: Me? I'm also working today! My day started bright and early with an interview for a magazine in the morning.
Aya: It went off without a hitch! ... Is what I'd like to say, but...
Aya: If I were to grade myself, I'd give it... 45 points.
Aya: I keep mulling over how I should've spoken a bit more about all sorts of things. Man, I really messed up~...
Aya: What I need to do is be more like Chisato-chan. She's always enjoying things as they come, ready for any spur-of-the-moment situations or happy accidents.
Aya: Just the other day, she and Kanon-chan hung out together  while the rest of us watched over them from a distance... Yes. The two of them are pretty bad with outings...
Aya: They slipped up by getting on the wrong train. It all seemed pretty rough for them...
Aya: But that's the thing. They were having a blast the entire time, they said.
Aya: If it had been me, I would've been all flustered and unable to enjoy anything... So, I admire them for that.
Aya: The funny thing is, if that had been the Chisato-chan from a while back, I doubt she would've been anywhere near as upbeat about the whole ordeal.
Aya: She's the kind of person who seeks out the most sound, stable path and charges forward. And that's definitely one of her best qualities.
Aya: Recently, though, she's become able to find a good time in getting sidetracked.
Aya: Sigh~... Chisato-chan sure is amazing. I want to be like her and become someone who can roll with the punches.
Aya: Maybe the solution is to involve myself in more accidents until I eventually improve my skills?
Aya: Huh? That's a bit off the mark...?
Aya: Y-yeah, I suppose you're right... Ngh, what should I do...?
Aya: {{userName}}-san, there's gotta be a way to fix my problem, right~?!
