505_Aya Maruyama_R4 Aya O' Lantern

Gacha phrase: Yes~! I've got it! I've got it!

<The Costume Theme>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Banquet Hall]

Aya: I'm so excited to find out what our Halloween costumes are gonna be like for this assignment!
Eve: I can't wait to try them on! I wonder what we'll all dress as! Are you looking forward to it, Maya-san?
Maya: Actually, the staff already gave me an idea of what kind of costumes we'll be wearing!
Hina: Oh, so you know already! Time to spill the beans~!
Chisato: Yes, I'm quite curious myself.
Maya: If I remember correctly, Hina-san will be wearing a little-devil costume. And Chisato-san will be a witch!
Aya: Wow~...!! That's perfect for the two of you!
Chisato: Aya-chan, are you perhaps implying that I'm like a witch?
Aya: What?! N-no, I didn't mean it that way! I just think you'd look great with all that sparkly magic that comes with being a witch!
Eve: And Hina-san, too! I'm sure you're going to be a sweet, adorable little devil.
Hina: Ehehe~, thanks! I can't wait to put it on~! What's Eve-chan's costume like?
Maya: I think she's going to be a vampire!
Hina: You'll be a vampire?! Aw, how awesome! Vampires are so cool!
Chisato: Eve-chan is tall and slim with a light complexion. I'm sure it'll be perfect for her.
Aya: Everyone's costumes sound awesome so far~! What about you, Maya-chan? What will you be wearing?
Maya: M-me? I, uh, think I'll be dressed as a black cat...
Hina: Oh, you'll be putting on cat ears and donning a cat tail?
Maya: ... Uhh, it's kind of embarrassing.
Aya: It'll be such a different look on you, Maya-chan! Fufu, I can't wait to see you in it!
Aya: And so... what about me? Do you know what kinda costume I'll be wearing? I'm dying to know~!
Maya: From what I've heard, you'll be wearing something of a pumpkin costume...
Aya: What?! A pumpkin?!
Hina: Ahaha! How appropriate for Aya-chan too, right?
Aya: Ngh... That's mean, Hina-chan~!
Staff: Hey, everyone! Here's the moment you've been waiting for! Your costumes just arrived! Let's get you fitted for them!
Hina: They're here! This is what I'll be wearing? Wow, it's adorable~!
Chisato: And I'll be wearing this, right? I'll go try it on now.
Aya: Hmm... Huh?  Excuse me, where's my costume...?
Staff: Our apologies, but it seems like your costume was behind schedule... It should be here soon, though.
Aya: What?! I was really looking forward to it...
Maya: Don't worry. I'm sure it'll be here before we start filming. Just relax and wait a bit longer!
Chisato: A pumpkin costume... I wonder what it will look like.
Maya: It's really hard to imagine, huh?
Hina: Oh! Maybe you'll wear a mask or a pumpkin head!!
Aya: What?! No, I don't want that!
Chisato: Fufu, but it'd capture everyone's attention for sure. Don't you want to give the audience a nice surprise?
Hina: Ahaha, yeah! Aya-chan, it'd be great, wouldn't it?
Aya: I'd rather the audience focus on other things about me~!
Maya: Come on now, Aya-san! We don't even know if that's what you'll be wearing...
Hina: I'm think there's an 80% chance it'll be a pumpkin head.
Chisato: I'm fifty-fifty on this one. I mean, it'd be pretty hard to move around in.
Aya: Stop it, you two~!!
Staff: Maruyama-san, your costume's here! Let's see how it fits!
Aya: Finally...!
Hina: Okay, time to find out what kind of costume it is~!
(Black cut)
Aya: Ta-da! Look at this! Isn't it super adorable?!
Eve: Wow~! Aya-san, it's delightful! It looks great on you!
Maya: The colors are absolutely befitting of Halloween, too! You don't usually find costumes in such a vibrant color!
Hina: Aya-chan, what a relief you didn't have to put on a pumpkin mask!
Chisato: Hmm, but I wonder why it took so long for Aya-chan's costume to get here.
Chisato: Could it be that...
Hina: We're actually still waiting for the pièce de résistance to arrive?
Aya: What?!  Hmph, enough with that already~!
Chisato: Fufufu~! I was actually just thinking the same thing, Hina-chan.
Aya: You too, Chisato-chan~?!
Chisato & Hina: Ahaha!


<I Want To Escape>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Aya: Ngh... Just as I thought, it's not easy to find! And we can't go to a place that's too far, either...
Aya: Oh! This place might work! Ah, but now there's the issue of the number of people...
Marina: What's wrong, Aya-chan? Trying to find something on your phone?
Aya: Oh! Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Yeah, I'm looking for something...
Aya: Actually, have you two played this sort of game before?
Marina: Hm? The kind where you have to solve puzzles to escape a building or a room or something?
Marina: I've heard about them, but I've actually never done one myself.
Aya: Same! Well, until recently, that is! We were filming a Halloween special the other day, and I got to experience one!
Marina: Oh, I watched that show! You played an impressive role in it!
Aya: Ehehe. Thank you so much!
Aya: Anyway, it was so much fun that I was hoping to find an escape room for all of the members of Pastel＊Palettes to go to. Not for work this time, though.
Marina: Oh! And did you find any interesting ones?
Aya: Yeah, I sure did... But none that let you have five people in a team.
Aya: They usually require six people per team. That means I have to find an extra member... A-ha!
Marina: Fufu, I think I have an idea of what you're going to say next.
Aya: Ehehe. If it's not too much trouble, would you two like to come, too?!
Marina: Hmm, but then we'd have seven members...
Aya: Oh, in that case, why don't we invite some members of a different band?
Aya: That way we can have twelve people altogether and be split into two teams!
Marina: Hmm, that could work~.
Aya: Ehehe♪ Pretty good idea I came up with, huh?
Marina: Yeah, absolutely!
Aya: Alrighty then, I'll try to recruit some other members for the game. Once everything's decided, I'll be in contact with more details!
Marina: Hahaha. We'll be eagerly waiting!
Aya: Woohoo! Thank you so very much~!
Marina: I can't wait to see the Aya-chan I witnessed on TV in action!
Aya: Wait, what?!  D-don't pile on the pressure please~!
