513_Aya Maruyama_R2 Encouraging Melody

<A Reliable Leader>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

[Fast Food Store]

Aya: First off, we need to finish these two takeout orders! After that, Kanon-chan, could you take over for the cashiers? We need to make sure everyone has their break.
Kanon: Fue~... O-okay. Will do...!
Aya: Thank you so much! Ah, you two, could you take out the trash? I'll clean the tables while you're busy doing that.
Aya: Then I'll be working the kitchen, okay?! I know this is hard, but we'll get through this together!
Staff: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
Aya: Phew~... Good job, everyone. I was a little worried about being in charge today, but thanks to all your hard work, we got through it~.
Aya: We'll be closing pretty soon, and our customers-... Huh?
Hina: Yahoo~, Aya-chan! I guess I'm a little late. Are you closing?
Aya: Hina-chan! Yup, we're almost done for the day.
Hina: Aw man~. I really wanted to see you giving out snappy commands too~. How was it? Did our advice help?
Kanon: What advice...?
Aya: H-Hina-chan! Don't-!
Hina: Aww~, you don't have to hide it♪ You see, Aya-chan sent everyone in Pastel＊Palettes a message last night~.
Hina: "My boss is out of town tomorrow! What should I do?! How am I suppose to give out orders~?!" So we all stayed up late giving her advice.
Kanon: I see.
Aya: Hina-chan! You promised you wouldn't say anything.
Hina: Huh? Did I? Come on, it's not that big of a deal.
Aya: Ooo...
Aya: Hina-chan's right. I talked to all of them last night... Then I made a bunch of notes based on their advice. I've been using those notes all day.
Aya: So the reason we got through today isn't because of me... It's because of Pastel＊Palettes and everyone's hard work. Thank you so much!
Aya: I know I get overwhelmed easily, and I'm not that dependable, but I'm glad I get to work with all of you.
Kanon: Aya-chan... Yeah, if we work together, we can do anything!
Staff Member: Maruyama-san~! Could you come here, please~?
Aya: Ah, okay! Coming~! Sorry, I'll be right back!
Hina: ... To tell you the truth, all the advice we gave her was pretty general stuff.
Kanon: Really?
Hina: Yeah. Things like, "Take a deep breath before talking to someone" or "Take your time figuring out what needs to be done."
Hina: Aya-chan was the one who decided what orders to give. So really, she helped you all get through the day more than she thinks.
Kanon: I see...! Yes, you're right. Aya-chan was working so hard today.
Hina: Yeah, and she hasn't even noticed~.
Kanon: Hina-chan...
Kanon: (Why doesn't she tell Aya-chan this? I suppose I can't really ask...)


<To Bring Us Closer>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Aya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Thank you for all your help the other day.
Marina: Aya-chan! Thank you for always stopping by. Are you headed to the studio?
Aya: Yup. Not for Pastel＊Palettes, though.
Marina: Why else would you be-...? Ah! Do you have practice with Moca-chan, Kanon-chan and the others? I heard your song~! It's so good!
Marina: It's so peppy and upbeat, just like you high schoolers!
Aya: You listened to our song?!   Wow, thank you so much!
Aya: That band... It was me, Moca-chan, Tsugumi-chan, Lisa-chan, and Kanon-chan. When we were looking for something we had in common, we realized we all have part-time jobs.
Aya: So we decided to do the High School Part-Timer Rally Song... Although, to be honest, I was a little worried it would come off as a low-budget effort.
Marina: That's not the feeling I get from it at all. I think it was the perfect idea for you girls.
Aya: Really? Thank goodness~.
Marina: Yeah. {{userName}}-san and I were just talking about how it's the perfect song for cheering on all the hard workers out there.
Marina: Sometimes you just need to hear a song like that. You know, like when you're really tired~.
Aya: Hearing you say that makes me really, really happy!
Aya: ... This happens outside of work, too, but aren't there a lot of times where you're working really hard and still fail?
Aya: I'd like it if our song helped people pick themselves up and try again!
Aya: That's something I've experienced myself, so I figured I'd be able to get that idea across to everyone listening to our music.
Marina: I see... That's a great viewpoint to have.
Marina: Don't worry, I'm sure you got your message across. I mean, {{userName}}-san and I heard it loud and clear!
Aya: Thank you!
Aya: You know, someday... I'd like to perform with everyone again at a live house.
Aya: I'm not sure when that will be, but if it happens, I'll be sure to invite you two! I hope you'll come see us!
Marina: Of course! We'll be there for sure!
Marina: Ahaha. {{userName}}-san, looks like you're really excited about that concert.
Aya: Ehehe. I promise I'll let you know!
Aya: ... Ah, it's already so late! I better get going. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you later~.
