585_Aya Maruyama_R2 Stubborn?

<Aya's Methodology>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

[Idol Agency]

Aya: Here we have a huge heart monument! It's big enough to be seen from far away, so it's great for meeting up with friends~!
Aya: Hmmm... That makes it sound like a place only worth introducing because it's convenient.
Aya: Let's see... "A tiny world stretching into infinity..." No, those two things don't even make sense together...
Aya: Stringing together all these words that I don't typically use has got me all sorts of confused.
Aya: Sigh... This is going to be harder than I thought~.
Maya: Hard at work, I see... Wait, what's wrong, Aya-san? That's quite the serious expression...
Aya: Maya-chan! Please, you've gotta help me...!
Maya: Help? What in the world happened?
Aya: Phew... Sorry for going to pieces like that... Burning away my brain cells on this one problem for the entire day has me feeling like my head is going to deflate...
Maya: I know exactly what you mean. It's hard not to feel that way once the stress begins piling up.
Maya: So, what is it that has you all worked up?
Aya: Okay, so I'm going to be doing a piece for a magazine, just like you.
Maya: You don't say! I'm thrilled to hear we're both going to have a series of articles published at the same time!
Aya: Hehe. Well, it's not like I'll be writing as much as you do.
Aya: Anyway, the topic will be, "My Newest Discoveries!" Each photograph will be accompanied by a short comment.
Aya: But that's where the trouble starts... I only need to fill two lines of text, yet I'm drawing nothing but blanks.
Aya: Sorry for bugging you with such a trivial matter. I know you have way more to write than I do...
Maya: No, please don't think that way! Trying to compress all of your thoughts into a short amount of text is more difficult, so it's only natural to feel overwhelmed.
Maya: If you're fine with getting advice from me, I'll offer as much as I can! As long as I can be of use, I'm happy!
Aya: Maya-chan...! Okay! Thank you!
Aya: Actually, I approached Hina-chan earlier with the same issue, but all she said was, "Why not just do what you always do~?"
Aya: So I just tried not to think too hard about it, but... that didn't go so well.
Maya: What you always do... Hmmm, what Aya-san always does... Ah, of course! That's it!
Aya: Huh? Wh-what, what? Did you come up with something?
Maya: I did! You frequently upload photos to social media, don't you?
Aya: Yeah. I try to go out of my way to keep our fans updated on how our lives are going. Being able to share that info with them means a lot to me~.
Aya: Of course, I'd be lying if I said I didn't upload stuff just for fun, too.
Maya: And when you do, each of your photos is accompanied by a short comment, correct?
Maya: The solution lies in mimicking your typical routine! If you treat this in a similar way to uploading photos online, then the words should flow out naturally!
Aya: That makes sense! Yeah, I was probably too concerned about the fact that it's going to be posted in a magazine.
Aya: Hang on a sec! I want to give it a try right now! If I actually type it out on my phone, then maybe it'll feel more like my usual routine.
Aya: Open up the app, then select a photo... Hmmm...
Maya: Is this picture you're going with the one of the recently bloomed flower bed near here?
Aya: Sure is. On that day, it immediately stopped raining as soon as I stepped outside the building.
Aya: The droplets of water dripping from the leaves were really pretty, so I couldn't help taking a picture!
Aya: I simply need to recall my memories from that day, and... done!
Maya: "A passing shower leaves a present as it departs..." How gorgeous!
Maya: All of the adorable qualities of Aya-san bundled up nice and neatly in a single statement!
Aya: I managed to write something~! This is great! And it's all thanks to you and Hina-chan~!
Maya: Huhehe... Glad I could be of assistance! Being able to help you is the highlight of any day!


<Hasty Dilemma>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Aya: {{userName}}-san! Hey there! I was walking by and saw you, so I thought I'd stop by and say hello.
Aya: Ah, that's the same magazine that Maya-chan's column is in... So you did read it, then! Thank you very much!!
Aya: ... Hahaha, it's not like I wrote it myself or anything. ... Sorry for getting worked up.
Aya: I'm not sure if you know, but Maya-chan was actually pretty stressed not too long ago.
Aya: For a while, she had been worried about her identity as an idol... and being assigned a column in an idol magazine likely made that even worse...
Aya: Once I realized what she was going through, it threw me for a loop. I couldn't stop thinking to myself, "What should I do?! I've got to help her somehow!" Stuff like that.
Aya: Then, Chisato-chan told us that the most important thing was to watch over her for the time being.
Aya: Because the best solution to Maya-chan's frustration was for her to find an answer for herself.
Aya: But standing by and watching like that while a precious friend goes through a tough time is just so hard.
Aya: The fact that Maya-chan was the one going through the most pain made it all the more unbearable...
Aya: So I did my own thinking and aching... And when she finally found the answer she was looking for... I was beyond thrilled!
Aya: Hearing you compliment Maya-chan's column made it feel like I was on the receiving end because I know everything she went through... I just couldn't help myself. Hehehe.
Aya: Working side by side with friends who allow me to think and feel this way is the true meaning of happiness!
Aya: Hm? You're looking forward to next month's column, as well...? You mean it?! That's great! Thank you so much!
Aya: ... Whoops, there I go again, acting like it's about me... Hehehe. Sorry.
Aya: I'll be sure to tell Maya-chan what you said!
Aya: Please look forward to more and more fun from Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: Okay, see you later! Have a nice day!
