596_Aya Maruyama_R3 Aya-chan's Night Fight

Gacha phrase: While I was looking around, I realized the importance of packaging!

<Working with Pastels>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya & Eve: Good morning~!
Aya: Good morning, Maya-chan, Eve-chan! ... Actually, I'm about to head home, so it's more like goodbye.
Maya: I see. Ah, actually, we were just talking about you.
Eve: We were! Wherever we go, there you are... You're like a ninja, Aya-san!
Aya: Ahaha, no way, I'm not a ninja~.  What exactly were you talking about?
Eve: Your Valentine's Day chocolates! Have you finished them yet?
Maya: Getting a job with a big candy company for their Valentine's Day campaign is huge. Good for you!
Aya: I-it's not that big of a deal. There are tons of celebrities way more famous than me participating.
Aya: All I did was make some chocolates and film a reply to their "Let's Make Homemade Candy!" video...
Maya: No way, that means you're standing shoulder to shoulder with those celebrities. Have a little confidence in yourself!
Eve: Can we watch the video yet? I'm really curious to see what kind of chocolates you made!
Aya: It's still not out from what I understand. I took some pictures, though.
Maya: Oh~! Could we take a look?!
Aya: It's kinda embarrassing, but sure...
Eve: There's nothing embarrassing about such a labor of love!
Aya: Eve-chan, you're setting the bar too high~. Now where is it...? Here it is.
Maya & Eve: Ooh~!
Maya: I don't know much about sweets, but I love how you made five different colored chocolates! They're so cute!
Eve: Yes! And this packaging is so stylish. What a lovely lace handkerchief.
Aya: Ehehe... Thanks!
Maya: By the way, don't these chocolates... remind you of Pastel＊Palettes?
Eve: They do! The chocolates use the same colors as we do, and the lace reminds me of our stage costumes!
Aya: Actually, that was the idea all along. I wanted to make chocolates based on Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: The theme was "The Perfect Chocolates for Your Friends" after all...
Maya: Oh~...! That's so nice to hear! So you made these while thinking of all of us!
Eve: Aya-san, your spirit... comes through loud and clear! These are the perfect chocolates!
Aya: Ehehe... I'm glad you feel that way.
Maya: They really are beautiful~. I had no idea you were so good at this! This is amazing!
Aya: No, I had a lot of help. Saya-chan's father gave me some tips and tricks on how to use food coloring.
Aya: And that handkerchief is actually homemade! Rinko-chan taught me how to make them, but it still took me a week... So really, I'm not that impressive.
Eve: That's not true! The way you rally people around you to create something special is wonderful! Just like a military commander!
Aya: Ehehe~... You really think so?
Maya: I complete agree! Our fans are going to wish they could have a box for themselves... Actually, part of me wants a box of chocolates like this too!
Eve: Me too! I'd love to get Valentine's Day chocolates like this!
Aya: You guys... Ehehe...  That's it! I've got it!
Maya: Got what?
Aya: I'll make these chocolates for Valentine's Day this year!
Eve: What? Really?!
Aya: Yeah! I'll make one for each of you! I've already made them once, so I should be able to do it again.
Maya: That's great but... Are you really going to be alright?
Aya: Of course I will! I'll go grab the ingredients on my way home!
Eve: Wow~! I'm so excited!
Maya: ... Do you really think she'll be okay? She said it took her a week last time...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day Before Valentine's Day]

Aya: Ooo~... I never realized making chocolates for four people would be so hard~...! I'm running out of time. It's already midnight... and I'm so sleepy. But I've got to do this...! For my friends!


<Traces of Hard Work Remain>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Ooo~... I'm so tired... My head hurts...
Aya: ... Ah! Sorry, I didn't mean to-... Huh? Wait... {{userName}}-san?
Aya: I'm so sorry! I'm just so sleepy... Yawn~...
Aya: That's unlike me?
Aya: ... I suppose you're right. I usually go to bed and wake up early. Plus Chisato-chan gets really mad if I'm up too late...
Aya: I had to stay up to make my Valentine's Day chocolates.
Aya: I wanted to make everyone's gifts by hand, which took a really long time.
Aya: Then I was having so much fun imagining how happy they'd be that I lost track of time... Ehehe.
Aya: I still managed to get it all done though! I was so relieved when I finished~.
Aya: And I know they're going to love these chocolates! Rinko-chan and Saya-chan helped me with the recipe and design!
Aya: This is totally different from anything I could think up on my own! Those two really are amazing~.
Aya: Himari-chan and Kanon-chan worked hard on their chocolates too. I'm sure all the bands are having an amazing Valentine's Day.
Aya: My bandmates and I plan on exchanging our gifts later at the talent agency. I hope they like them.
Aya: To make sure I didn't forget my chocolates, I double, triple, quadruple checked my bag to make sure I had them with me before I left this morning!
Aya: Hm? What's with that face?
Aya: ... Huh? I'm not holding anything...?
Aya: Wait... Where's my bag?
Aya: Oh no~! Where did I leave it! I went straight to school today...
Aya: When I left the classroom, I definitely had my bag with me... Then I went to the library to return a book, and ended up talking to a friend for a while...
Aya: I don't remember holding my bag after that... I bet it's at the library! I have to hurry back~!
Aya: Ah, wait, I need to contact everyone to let them know I'm gonna be late...
Aya: Okay, I think that's everything~. I better get going! See you later!
Aya: ... Ah! I almost forgot!
Aya: Uhm, thank you for noticing, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: If you hadn't told me, I wouldn't be able to give my bandmates their chocolates!
Aya: Thank you so, so much! You're my Valentine's Day hero!
Aya: I'll be sure to get you something as a thank-you gift too! I promise!
Aya: Alright, I gotta go pick up my chocolates! See you later~!
