674_Aya Maruyama_R2 Social Media Addiction?

<Dream or Reality?>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Movie Set]

Chisato: Aya-chan, I have a question... Do you remember which scene is being filmed next?
Aya: It's the one where Maya-chan and I try to avoid the government agents while searching for Mo-chan.
Chisato: Ah, your big scene of the movie, right. Thank you for the help.
Chisato: There was a change in the filming schedule, so I wasn't sure what was going on.
Aya: You're welcome. I've got a pretty good handle on the schedule, so feel free to ask me if you get confused again.
Aya: Ah, it's about time to start the next scene... Now where's Maya-chan...? Ah, there she is!
Aya: Let's nail this thing, Maya-chan!
Maya: O-of course! I'll give it my all!
Maya: Having said that, I'm not feeling confident... in how well I can perform my next scene...
Aya: You're way too tense, Maya-chan. Take a step back and try to relax. Let's take some deep breaths, okay?
Maya: O-okay! Relax... relax...
Chisato: I think they're almost ready to begin... Just try not to worry so much, Maya-chan, and everything will be fine.
Chisato: Aya-chan will be right there with you. Just play off of her, and it should all come together naturally.
Maya: I see... That makes perfect sense! I feel much better with that in mind!
Aya: Fufu, I took the liberty of memorizing all of your lines. If anything goes wrong, I can lend you a hand.
Aya: So let's loosen up and have fun with it!
Maya: Understood! I am glad to be in such good hands!
Aya: Mhm! Okay, let's get to our positions!
Photo Crew Member: Take your places, everyone! And... action!
Aya: I-I can't believe they followed us all the way here...
Maya: Aya-san! Please go on ahead and leave this to me! Mo-san is waiting for us!
Aya: No way... I can't do that! There's no way I'm leaving you behind, Maya-chan!
Aya: Because...! Because you're...
Aya: You're my friend!
Maya: A-Aya-san...!
(Black cut)
Maya: Aya-san... Aya-san~!
Aya: Hm...? H-huh...? Maya-chan...? Where are the cameras...?
Chisato: They're about to start filming again. Are you okay, Aya-chan? You look a little worn out.
Aya: S-sorry! I'm fine!
Aya: Anyway, the next scene is... uh, which one was it, again?
Chisato: It's the one with you and Maya-chan. Fufu, you still look half-asleep.
Aya: Oh yeah, now I remember! Uhhh, my lines are... H-huh? Where'd I put the script?
Maya: Oh, I have it! I was worried about it being misplaced, so I held onto it for you!
Aya: Th-thank you, Maya-chan~! Uhm... I'm supposed to chase after you while yelling out "Maya-chan~! Wait for me~!"
Aya: A-and that's it...
Chisato: All you need to do is chase after Maya-chan, which shouldn't be too difficult. Try to relax, and everything will be fine.
Maya: I will try my best to guide you! Please rest assured that you are in good hands!
Maya: Ah, the filming is about to begin. Come along, Aya-san!
Aya: Y-yeah...
Aya: (Why can't this be the dream... and that have been the reality...?)


<Handmade Mo-chan>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Shopping Mall]

Aya: Hmmm, I wonder which colored felt is closest... This one? Or maybe this one...
Aya: ... Huh? {{userName}}-san? Hello, are you here to do some shopping, too?
Aya: I came to pick up some crafting materials for stuffed animals. There's a certain character I want to make...
Aya: I took part in the filming of a movie a little while back, and one of the characters was a mole person named Mo-chan.
Aya: A real cutie, but they haven't released any goods for it because the movie isn't out yet...
Aya: That's why I figured I could make my own.
Aya: I'll show you my Mo-chan once it's done!
Aya: Ah, and please check out the movie, too! We could really use your support!
Aya: I don't think it will be shown in many theaters, but I hope a lot of people go to see it...
Aya: ... Huh? You'd like for it to be a big hit?
Aya: I'd be so happy if that happened. And that could maybe lead to a sequel.
Aya: If they do make another one, I definitely want a role in it~!
Aya: The filming itself was rough... but I also learned so much...
Aya: And most importantly, I had a really good time!
Aya: A sequel would also give me another chance to see Mo-chan!
Aya: Which means I had better brush up my acting skills for when that day comes...!
Aya: It'd be great if I had a bigger role and more lines next time~...
Aya: Hm? Did I really have so few lines...? Ngh, let's try to avoid that conversation.
Aya: A-anyway... the movie itself is a lot of fun, so please make sure to see it!
Aya: Between Chisato-chan's top-of-the-line acting skills and Eve-chan's super cool action scene, it's filled with a lot of great moments!
Aya: Oh, and if you do end up liking it, feel free to watch it more than once♪
