733_Aya Maruyama_R4 Caressing the Water

Gacha phrase: I am so glad... that Pastel＊Palettes could share such a precious memory.

<Work, Play, Homework, and...>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Idol Talent Agency]

Aya: Fufu... This photo is nice, too. And this one... Ah, I don't think I'd want anyone to see this one...
Chisato: Good morning, Aya-chan. You seem to be enjoying yourself.
Aya: Oh, good morning, Chisato-chan. I'm looking over the photos we took at the beach the other day.
Chisato: You certainly are the type to never miss a photo opportunity. So, did you walk away with any nice ones?
Aya: There are a ton of great shots here! Check this one out! It's Maya-chan looking at some fish in the shallow water! Isn't it pretty?
Chisato: This... is very different from the Maya-chan I'm used to seeing. She has a much more mature feel here.
Aya: You think so, too? I actually felt kind of nervous taking it.
Chisato: And this one... Fufu, it suits Hina-chan well. She is drenched from head to toe but still has such a gorgeous smile.
Aya: It really shows off how free-spirited she is! I could see this being on the cover of a photo album!
Aya: Say, that reminds me...! Speaking of photo albums, Eve-chan looks so pretty in this one!
Chisato: Looking at the camera with those large eyes, her wet hair tied up like that... I must admit, you did well taking these.
Aya: Hehehe. If it's phone shots you need, I'm your girl! I've honed my techniques from taking countless selfies.
Chisato: Fufu, I imagine you could become very popular if you shared your selfie techniques in the magazine.
Aya: I bet I could! Maybe I'll bring it up whenever I get another interview.
Aya: And I can give proof of my skill by showing off what I've posted online!
Chisato: Speaking of which, you didn't upload the shots from our beach trip, did you?
Aya: I thought about it at first. About how it would be a waste not to.
Aya: And that our fans would be so happy to see them... but I decided that what happened that day should be our own private memories.
Aya: Because the reason we went was for the simple reason of having fun together. So, I wanted to keep those times between us.
Chisato: I think that I... now understand what you mean by that.
Aya: Hm? Chisato-chan, did you say something just now?
Chisato: No, nothing at all.
Aya: Wow, I had so much fun at the beach~. I would love to take another trip with the whole group.
Chisato: Yes, that sounds wonderful. Our summer vacation is far from over, so I imagine we can find a way to match our schedules.
Aya: Hehehe, that's true! Our summer has only just begun!
Aya: Where should we go next...? The beach is out, so how about the mountains? Camping in a cool summer getaway! Then again... that might take a lot of prep work.
Aya: Ah, glamping might be nice~! There have been articles about it in magazines, so I've been meaning to try it for myself.
Aya: Or maybe... collecting vegetables on a mountain hike? I'd love to buy matching hiking gear for us all~!
Aya: I can think of a ton of other places I'd like to go...
Chisato: Fufu. Aya-chan, I know that you would like to go out and have fun, but you do understand that finishing your duties comes first, yes?
Aya: Of course, I'll make sure my work gets done! I wouldn't be able to relax, otherwise!
Chisato: Uhm... I was not referring only to our idol responsibilities. Aren't you forgetting another very important part of being a high-school student?
Aya: Ah... You don't mean...
Chisato: Our summer homework. The "free time" we have off from work should be thought of as time to complete it. You did finish yours, correct?
Aya: U-uhhh...
Chisato: ... Didn't you?
Aya: Hahaha... Sigh... I'm not even close to done...
Chisato: I assumed as much. How much do you have left?
Aya: About half... Er, I mean... Around two-thirds... I think...
Chisato: In other words, you have barely put a dent in it...
Aya: I was going to get around to it! Until I remembered... all that math...
Chisato: Sigh... Shall I help you?
Aya: Will you?! I'm so bad at getting my homework done... and it has been driving me nuts for a while now...
Aya: Ah, but... I know how busy you must be... I'd feel bad asking you to help...
Chisato: Think nothing of it. You helped me with my problems at the beach, remember? It's the least I can do.
Aya: I see... Hehehe, thank you!
Chisato: However, that also includes rigorous drilling sessions. I hope you're ready to learn a barrage of expressions and formulas.
Aya: Oh... U-uhm, well... J-just go easy on me, please... Hahaha...
Chisato: That... depends on you.
Aya: I-I'll try my best... B-but once my homework is all done, let's make plans to go somewhere!
Chisato: Fufu, very well. Perhaps I will best you in researching suitable vacation spots.
Aya: With you helping out, I bet we'll be able to find all sorts of places!
Chisato: Of course. I always put forth my utmost effort. Whether it be work or play, we should try to enjoy what we do.
Aya: You said it! Hehehe... I can't wait.


<Ideal Way to Spend the Summer>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hm? I spy Aya-chan over there! Hey, Aya-chan~!
Aya: Ah! Hello, you two! Good afternoon!
Marina: Good afternoon. Are you heading home from work?
Aya: Yes, I am. I thought I'd pick up a magazine on my way back. They printed one of my interviews that I did a while back.
Marina: Wow! What kind of interview was it?
Aya: The magazine is about idols and stuff, but the actual questions had more to do with what my ideal summer vacation would be.
Marina: An ideal summer vacation... It's nice to get out and have fun, but I think I'm partial to hanging out and relaxing indoors where it's cool...
Aya: There were so many things I wanted to do that it was hard to pick just one.
Marina: What answer did you end up giving?
Aya: I said that I wanted to keep working hard as a member of Pastel＊Palettes! Especially with how many summer events there are for us to attend.
Marina: Nice, I'd expect that kind of serious answer from you!
Aya: Hehehe, thank you very much! And then, they asked me to give another example, so I talked about going to the beach and playing with friends.
Aya: And before I knew it, half of my interview answers were about me just goofing around.
Marina: Fufufu, what's wrong with that? Anyone would want to have fun during their summer vacation!
Aya: That's true!
Marina: So, would you say that this summer has been everything you hoped it would be?
Aya: I would! It feels like I haven't wasted a single day!
Aya: And I've been able to participate in so many exciting events!
Aya: The other day, Pastel＊Palettes and I went to the beach together!
Aya: I can't remember the last time I had so much fun! That one day has given us so many great memories!
Aya: It felt exactly like the kind of summer I wanted in the interview answers I gave!
Marina: Man, I would love to have the sort of fulfilling, ideal vacation that you've been having.
Aya: Don't worry! Summer has only just started, so there's still plenty of time!
Aya: The most important thing is to try and have fun with what you're doing. If you can do that, then any situation can turn into an exciting summer activity!
Marina: You know, I think you're onto something there! Summer only comes once a year, so I had better make the most of it! Isn't that right, {{userName}}-san?
Aya: If you think of anything, please let me know! I'd love to spend some of those fun times together!
