797_Aya Maruyama_R4 With My Real Face

Gacha phrase: When I'm with all of you, I feel like I can push myself even harder.

<All For One>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Aya: Um... It's been uploaded already, right? Ugh, I'm so nervous... I hope everyone likes it~.
Eve: Aya-san, hello!
Aya: Eek! E-Eve-chan!? You startled me...
Eve: You were staring so intensely at your phone that I became a little worried... I am very sorry.
Aya: No, I should be the one apologizing. I'm sorry for screaming...
Aya: I was just wondering how people are reacting to our video. It just got uploaded today, but I figured there'd at least be some reactions already.
Eve: That's right, it went live today! I am also interested!
Aya: One of the staff told me there might be some people who say pretty harsh things, so I shouldn't look through the comments section too much...
Aya: Still, I'm so curious~!
Eve: Fufu, I understand how you feel. If you do not mind, we could look through them together.
Aya: Really? Of course I don't mind!
Aya: Alright... Then here we go! Search!
Eve: Wow, amazing! There are already so many comments!
Aya: You're right! Oh, look, they've even added a hashtag! #AyaMaruyamaCloseUp!
Aya: I'm gonna read some, okay? Um... "I really liked the video! It made me want to support Pastel＊Palettes even more!"
Eve: This comment reads, "After seeing how hard Aya-chan pushes herself, I want to try harder too!"
Aya: Oh, I'm so happy~. What else is there...? Ah... There really are some harsh comments.
Aya: If you think about it, though, the fact that we get comments like these is just proof of how high their expectations of us are.
Eve: Yes, the end of this comment reads, "I know Pastel＊Palettes can shine even brighter than this!" I can feel their passion!
Aya: I see~. Then we have to step it up during our rehearsals, so we don't disappoint them!
Eve: There are many comments saying, "I'm glad I was able to see what Aya-chan was like before she became a trainee!" as well.
Aya: Thank goodness~. It was embarrassing, but if they're happy, then I'm happy~.
Aya: When I watched that video with you, I remembered a bunch of stuff about when I was still in training.
Eve: That was before we met, right? What did you do while you were a trainee?
Aya: Well...
Chisato: Oh, what are you two doing here?
Aya: Chisato-chan! Eve-chan and I are looking at the comments section of our special close-up.
Chisato: That's right, it was uploaded today, wasn't it? I only took a glance online, but it seems the reception has been pretty positive.
Eve: Yes! We saw many comments about when Aya-san was still a trainee, so she was just about to tell me about that time!
Chisato: Now that you mention it, I haven't heard much about Aya-chan's trainee days either. You wouldn't mind if I joined in, would you?
Aya: Of course not, but I doubt it'll be that interesting. I was so focused on becoming an idol that I didn't think about anything else...
Eve: You still worked really hard though, right? What exactly did you do?
Aya: Let's see~. First, there was memorizing lines and trying to sing with feeling... As for dancing, I had to keep practicing until my choreography became second nature.
Aya: I worked on my endurance too. I basically just kept working on what I learned during my lessons whenever I could...
Aya: Well, there were also times I ended up going in a circle~. I guess you could say I was pushing myself in the wrong direction.
Eve: The wrong direction? What do you mean?
Aya: You see, when I first started, I thought all I had to do was perfect everything everyone taught me.
Aya: But that's not true. Instead, I had to think to myself, what do I want to tell people through this song? What do I want to show them?
Aya: I thought I had an idea of what the song's perspective was and what I thought the lyrics meant, but in the end, I really had no clue. I wasn't taking the song seriously.
Chisato: It's just like acting. We don't just read the script. We have to convey the emotions behind the words, too.
Eve: Modeling is like that as well! During photo shoots, we must always be thinking about how we want others to see us.
Aya: Ah, you're right! Gosh, you two are amazing~. It took me so long to figure that out.
Aya: People used to ask me stuff like, "Just how many years do you plan on being a trainee?" They were really strict.
Chisato: The entertainment industry certainly isn't a kind place... Even if you can endure the harsh lessons, only a few can actually realize their dreams...
Eve: But Aya-san did just that, and now, she is a wonderful idol!
Aya: Thanks, Eve-chan! If it wasn't for all the effort I put in back then, I'd never be able to keep up with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes now!
Aya: And you know, being a trainee might have been tough, but it wasn't all bad.
Aya: Talking out our problems and cheering each other on is what really kept all us trainees going.
Aya: Oh yeah, we used to talk about our favorite songs and idols too! We'd even go out together for sweets on break!
Chisato: Fufu, from the sound of it, it doesn't seem all that different from what we do now, does it?
Eve: You're right! Pastel＊Palettes is also steadily improving every day so  that we can all achieve our dreams!
Aya: ... You're right! I may have achieved my dream of becoming an idol, but there's still lots of stuff I want to do!
Aya: Plus, we're still getting comments like, "I know you can shine brighter than this." We've gotta keep moving forward so we can live up to our fans' expectations!
Aya: Okay! Starting now, I'm gonna come up with some exercises that I can work on!
Eve: Aya-san, it is not 'I'... It is 'we'!
Chisato: Yes, what Eve-chan said. You're not alone, Aya-chan. You're a member of Pastel＊Palettes, just like the rest of us.
Chisato: If there's ever anything bothering you, we'll work it out together, okay?
Aya: Eve-chan, Chisato-chan... Yeah! If there's something I can't do by myself, I bet we'll be able to make it happen as a team!
Aya: We'll make our dreams come true together!
(Black cut)


<Now and Forever>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Downtown]

Aya: Oh, {{userName}}-san, hello! Are you on your way to work?
Aya: Yes, I'm on my way back from school. I wanted to buy some sweets as thanks for everyone in Pastel＊Palettes, and before I knew it, this paper bag was filled to the brim...
Aya: Oh, that's right. {{userName}}-san, did you watch the special close-up that we uploaded?
Aya: Thank you so much! All of the camerawork was done by my bandmates, you know!
Aya: That's why I want to express my appreciation to them. Well, I suppose I also want to treat myself a little bit...
Aya: Yes, everyone took turns filming. They were all so willing to help, even though they still had school and their own work to worry about.
Aya: It was thanks to them that I was able to relax more than usual during work. I felt really safe with them around, so it was a lot of fun.
Aya: That being said, I was still really nervous at first.
Aya: When they started filming me during rehearsal, I blanked. I totally forgot what we usually do.
Aya: I kept thinking about how the fans were going to see this video, and that thought put this weird pressure on me.
Aya: My bandmates saw how I was acting and helped by making me smile again. Before I knew it, the tension had completely disappeared.
Aya: Oh, yeah, listen to this! We even shot a video while we were on stage! I was so surprised!
Aya: I heard it was all Chisato-chan's secret plan. It really got everyone pumped up, and the crowd seemed to love it too.
Aya: When I heard the fans' voices during the show, it made me want to try harder. That way their cheers and smiles wouldn't go to waste.
Aya: And through this special close-up on me, we were able to give everyone a behind-the-scenes look at Pastel＊Palettes... Ah, Maya-chan came up with that line.
Aya: I may have been the focus of the video, but my bandmates were there to support me the whole time. In a way, our fans got to know more about them too. That's another reason I worked so hard.
Aya: I used to think that my work ethic was the only thing I had going for me.
Aya: But when everyone acknowledged the hard work I've put in... It made me feel like everything I've done up until now was worth it, and that makes me really happy...
Aya: The finished product is a little embarrassing, but being able to objectively see who I am right now has been a good learning experience.
Aya: Of course, I'm not satisfied with where I am right now, so I'm going to work even harder than before.
Aya: As long as Pastel＊Palettes keeps giving our all, we'll be able to inspire more and more people. I'm sure of it!
Aya: But in order to do that, I've gotta train my body, first! Endurance is one thing, but I have to maintain my figure, too...
Aya: Hm? Is something wrong? Why are you pointing at this bag...?
Aya: Ah, that's right~! I went and bought a bunch of sweets!
Aya: Wait, no, these are thank-you gifts for my bandmates! Ah, but the cake was supposed to be a reward for me...
Aya: ... W-well, treating yourself is fine every once in a while... Recharging with some good food is important too... right?
Aya: It'll be fine as long as we burn off the calories at our lessons!
Aya: From now on, we'll keep shining even brighter than ever! So {{userName}}-san, please keep supporting us, okay?
