871_Aya Maruyama_R3 No More Falling!

Gacha phrase: Together, we'll find the perfect hobby!

<Aya's Fitness Journey>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Idol Agency]

Aya: Hm, maybe I should take something up, then. It's important to think about the future... but then again...
Maya: Good morning~!
Aya: Good morning, Maya-chan~...
Maya: Hm? You don't look so good. Are you not feeling well?
Aya: No, no. I'm just wondering what I should do about something.
Maya: Please feel free to consult with me, if you don't mind.
Aya: Huh?! Are you sure?! Thanks~! Well... Our workload has been growing lately, you know?
Aya: We had events and program recordings last week, and this week's schedule already looks swamped.
Maya: Not only with Pastel＊Palettes duties, but our own personal work as well. How fortunate for us.
Aya: Yeah! I agree! That's why I want to try my hardest, but...
Aya: I feel like I've been especially tired lately, because I'll fall asleep as soon as I get home or catch myself dozing off at school~.
Maya: Ah, I understand where you're coming from. I will sometimes be reading magazines in my room and fall asleep without realizing it.
Aya: Exactly! That's what I mean! So I figured that maybe it's because I'm not in shape or something~!
Maya: The energy we gain from merely sleeping is almost certainly not enough.
Aya: If things keep up like this, that tired feeling will start being carried over day after day, I think...
Aya: So, I've been thinking about starting some sort of training program to get in better shape!
Aya: Just think of how much my performances could improve if I increase my stamina!
Maya: I see~. And I suppose a healthy body does have an effect on one's mental state, as well.
Aya: I know, right?! Which is why I want to take up something, but I'm not sure what exactly.
Aya: I wouldn't want it to be too difficult, though. It should be easy to stick with...
Maya: Hmmm... Jogging or swimming are popular choices, right?
Maya: Both help work your entire body, which can help improve a variety of areas!
Aya: True~. I agree that they're both probably really effective, but... I'm not sure if I could stick with them.
Maya: It can be challenging to turn a training regiment into a daily routine.
Aya: I plan on giving it my best shot, of course! But it's like... I also want to have fun, not just try to tough it out...
Maya: Hahaha, that is understandable. No matter the objective, it is easy to lose motivation if it becomes a non-stop struggle.
Maya: During a lesson the other day, bouldering was recommended as a way to improve stamina.
Aya: Bouldering? What exactly is that, again?
Maya: One type of climbing exercise. It involves scaling a man-made wall with handholds and footholds attached.
Maya: It was popular a while back, and they now have stores that specialize in it.
Maya: Please wait a moment while I look online... Here it is! Like this!
Aya: Ah! I saw this on TV! It did look kind of interesting!
Maya: The activity itself isn't particularly flashy, but I hear it is a very effective way to get in shape.
Maya: It helps strengthen the entire body, and it's easy to get hooked on the feeling of accomplishment when reaching the top.
Aya: Feeling of accomplishment... That can be good motivation to keep coming back, and it seems like it could be fun to stick with!
Aya: Do you think there are any locations nearby? I wonder what sort of equipment I would need.
Maya: I'm certain the Internet can provide those answers, but... why not ask Chisato-san?
Aya: Huh?! Are you telling me she's done bouldering before?
Maya: She mentioned the other day that her instructor invited her along before.
Aya: Wow! Okay, I'll message her right away...
Chisato: Did I hear my name?
Maya: Chisato-san. Good morning.
Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan! Morning!
Aya: I actually do have something I want to ask you...
Maya: Aya-san seemed to be interested in bouldering, which is when I suggested that she ask you for advice.
Chisato: Oh, is that so? What perfect timing, then.
Aya: Huh? Really?
Chisato: I spoke with Moca-chan not long ago and was considering recommending bouldering to her.
Aya: What?! For real?! What a coincidence!
Aya: Okay, this has to be fate! Fill me in on the details, Chisato-chan!


<A Present for Saya>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Shopping Mall]

Aya: Hm? Wait, is that... I thought that was you, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Aya: Are you off work today? Me too, so I'm going shopping with Chisato-chan!
Aya: Um, would you mind staying to chat with me for a bit? I was so excited about today that I arrived a little too early.
Aya: Are you sure?! Yay!
Aya: We're planning on buying a present for Saya-chan today. The other day, we all pitched in to help her find a new hobby...
Aya: Everyone put their heads together and came up with many different things for her to try.
Aya: Chisato-chan's idea was for all of us to go bouldering! It was way more difficult than it looked. I was shocked.
Aya: After trying out everything we planned, it was Saya-chan who ended up discovering her new hobby!
Aya: And that is photography. I think it hit her when we looked over all the photos she took during our little experiments.
Aya: I totally support her choice because it shows how much she cares about the memories we share. It's the perfect hobby for her!
Aya: So, the others and I discussed getting her a present to celebrate, and the two of us were chosen to go out and buy it!
Aya: ... Not that we've decided what to get yet, mind you.
Aya: Starting something new is a chance to grow as a person.
Aya: But that's also the time when you're not sure exactly what to do and you get hung up on things.
Aya: You want to keep moving forward, but there's this invisible wall that gets in your way...
Aya: I know better than anyone how that feels.
Aya: Going around in circles and getting nowhere. Does that ever happen to you, {{userName}}-san?
Aya: But yeah, photography is a pretty cool hobby, am I right?
Aya: It's so mature and stuff.
Aya: Saya-chan's pictures have this super warm and cozy feel to them.
Aya: You should ask to see them, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: If I could take pretty photos like her, I'd put them in cute frames and hang them all over my room!
Aya: ... Ah.
Aya: Hey, that's it! Picture frames!
Aya: Wouldn't that make a great present for Saya-chan?!
Aya: I know, right?!
Aya: Now I know it's a good idea, thanks to you!
Aya: I'll ask Chisato-chan what she thinks! Thank you so much for stopping to chat with me! I'll let you know how things go, so please hang tight until then!
