1158_Aya Maruyama_R3 Food Report Struggles

<The Ones Moving Forward>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Aya Maruyama)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Aya: Hello!
Saya: Aya-senpai, welcome! You have good timing. I just put out some freshly baked bread.
Aya: Really? Yay~! Which one should I pick...? They all look so good, so I can't choose~.
Aya: Today we have an on-site filming nearby. So I was thinking of eating a lot to pep myself up♪
Saya: I see. Speaking of which, Pastel＊Palettes previously did an on-site filming for a variety show, right?
Saya: The sakura blossoms were so pretty. You were really cute too, Aya-senpai!
Aya: Really?! That's kind of embarrassing to hear, but thanks!
Saya: Just seeing Pastel＊Palettes be the center of attention made me happy.
Aya: Ah, that was thanks to Hina-chan and Chisato-chan!
Aya: The two of them created that flow and gave me a chance to shine, but I failed spectacularly~...
Saya: Fufu. That scene was particularly cute. I really think your good qualities came across.
Aya: D-do you think so?
Aya: But, to tell you the truth, I make the same mistakes at other job sites...
Saya: Really?
Aya: Yeah. During a quiz show, Chisato-chan gave me an easy question, but I panicked thinking I needed to answer right away. I ended up completely forgetting the answer...
Aya: I've messed up the name of a TV show during a promo, and we had to do a retake...
Aya: Things do liven up each time, but it never goes the way I think it will~...
Saya: Still, as long as the TV show is energized by that, I think it's fine...
Aya: No, that only happens because everyone else helps me.
Aya: I have to be able to do things as planned. That way I can control the flow of conversation for job sites like Hina-chan and Chisato-chan!
Saya: ... Aya-senpai, you're amazing.
Aya: Huh?
Saya: I mean, even though you're doing your best now, you've got your sights set even higher.
Saya: I'm sure everyone else in Pastel＊Palettes is being influenced by that side of you.
Saya: Even Poppin'Party has someone like that. Kasumi is the same way...
Aya: ...
Saya: ... Oh, I'm sorry! I've just been blabbing about my own impressions.
Aya: No, it's totally fine. Actually, I'd like you to tell me more! I think it could be really helpful!
Saya: Well... When Kasumi makes a decision, she heads straight towards it.
Saya: Then the rest of us get pulled along with Kasumi, and before we know it, we're all working together...
Saya: I think that side of her resembles you.
Aya: I'm pulling Pastel＊Palettes along, huh...? Ehehe, it'd be nice if my bandmates also felt that way.
Aya: Thanks, Saya-chan. You really cheered me up!
Aya: Even if I'm only making mistakes, I already decided to do my best! If I do that without giving up, I'm sure I'll get closer to my ideal self!
Aya: I'll give it  my all doing everything I can in the moment!
Saya: Yes, please do your best! I'll be cheering for you in front of my TV!
Aya: Thanks~! Now I feel like I can do anything!
Aya: I'll do my best for the on-site filming after this! Okay then, see you later!
Saya: Huh...? Aya-senpai?! What about the bread?!
Saya: ... She's gone.
Saya: Fufu. I hope her on-site filming goes well today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Sakura's Story>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Riverside]

Aya: Umm... They're spring-ish... No, their pinkness...? They're super extra fluttery... Hm~...
Marina: Ah, it's Aya-chan! Were you looking at the sakura blossoms? They're pretty, aren't they?
Aya: Ah, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san! Have you both also come to do some flower-viewing?
Marina: Yes. One of the staff members said that right now is the best time to see them, so we thought we'd get a little peek on our break.
Aya: They do seem to be in full bloom right now~... Ah, I know! I have something I'd like to ask both of you. Would that be okay?
Marina: Of course! What is it?
Aya: What kind of mood do the both of you feel seeing these sakura blossoms?
Marina: You mean the sakura blossoms right in front of you? Hm... That's a difficult question.
Marina: Let me see~... Ah, I think I get a gentle sensation from them. And since the weather is nice, looking at the sakura blossoms like this makes me feel somewhat peaceful.
Aya: I see. A gentle sensation and a peaceful feeling...
Marina: Ah, the scattering petals are pretty, but at the same time, they're also a little heartrending.
Aya: That's true. That's really helpful!
Marina: Aya-chan, what are those notes...? You were also writing pretty passionately as you were looking at the sakura blossoms before.
Aya: I'm making a memo of words I can use to describe sakura blossoms. Umm... We previously had an on-site TV shoot to introduce popular sakura blossom sites that didn't go very well...
Aya: So, in order to increase the variety of my expressions, I was thinking of words while looking at real sakura blossoms.
Marina: I see. Fufu, you're so studious, Aya-chan.
Marina: I saw that TV program. The sakura blossoms were so pretty, and I had a lot of fun watching all of you talk with each other!
Aya: Thank you very much! Hina-chan and Chisato-chan were the ones who created that mood for us!
Aya: Throughout the shoot, the two of them were thinking about Pastel＊Palettes and did so much for us...
Aya: That's why I want to try even harder. I can't just rely on them. I have to do whatever I can, even if it's just one thing at a time.
Marina: I see. So that's also one of the reasons you were studying how to describe sakura blossoms.
Aya: Yes! And I have one description that I just thought of, but... Could you give me your thoughts?
Marina: Of course! Let us hear it.
Aya: When I was looking at the sakura blossoms, I noticed that each flower has its own expression.
Aya: Look...! This one seems like it's saying, "I just blossomed! Look at me!" And this bud right here is saying, "It's almost my time, so just wait!"
Marina: Now that you mention it... they do sort of look that way. Yeah, that's a good way to express your thoughts, Aya-chan. It definitely suits you.
Aya: Really?! Yay~! Then next time I'll try reporting something similar.
Marina: Fufu, good luck! We'll be looking forward to it.
Aya: Okay! Thank you very much!
