1205_Aya Maruyama_R5 Fluffy Pink Zombie

Gacha phrase: But as long as we don't give in, it's not over yet! I'll come back from the dead as many times as I have to!

<Return From Saga>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Ngh... It's so heavy. Yeah, I probably didn't need such a big carry-on. Finally... I'm back to a station I actually recognize.
Aya: Huh? Wait, is that...?
Hina: Ah! You're finally here! Welcome back, Aya-chan!
Aya: Everyone! Why are you here? According to the schedule, we should all be home by now, right?
Chisato: Aya-chan, you updated us after you got your phone charged, right?
Maya: Hina-san thought you'd like it if we waited here at the station to greet you.
Hina: It just didn't feel right calling it a day without you here, you know~?
Aya: Hina-chan, everyone... I'm so happy... Thank you~!
Eve: I am glad to see you arrived home safely, Aya-san...
Maya: None of us had any clue what was going to happen when we had to leave without you.
Hina: I can't believe you actually missed our flight, though... But I guess that's more material you can use onstage, right?
Aya: Oh~, don't be like that, Hina-chan!
Hina: Ahaha, sorry, sorry. Jokes aside, you're actually amazing. You made it all the way back here to Tokyo by yourself.
Chisato: She's right. I'm surprised you were able to arrange another flight for yourself without causing any sort of commotion.
Maya: Yeah. If it were me in your shoes, I definitely would've panicked way more.
Aya: Ehehe, y-you think so? I don't think I did anything special, though.
Aya: We're idols, after all. I got used to this stuff thanks to all the TV shows and concerts we've done, so a little accident like missing our plane isn't going to be enough to shake me.
Eve: Oh! You have grown thanks to all the past challenges we have overcome! I expected nothing less from you, Aya-san!
Aya: Ehehe... Nah~, it wasn't that big a deal~.
Hina: Hey, hey. When you realized you missed the plane, did you call the airline company first? Or did you go ask someone at the airport?
Aya: Huh?! H-Hina-chan, why do you want to know?
Hina: Hm? I'm just curious, that's all.
Aya: U-uh, well... First... I talked to a cabin attendant. Ah, no, I called the airline company... Um~...
Chisato, Hina, Maya & Eve: ...?
Aya: Oh! First, he showed me where the help desk was. That's where I got to explain what was going on!
Hina: He? Who's "he"?
Aya: Huh? D-did I say that? Ah, sorry, that's not what I meant~... Ahaha...
Eve: I see... You had to wait a long time for your next flight, right? Did you feel scared while you were waiting?
Aya: No, I was totally fine. He bought me some food at a restaurant... I mean, I ate some food at a restaurant! It was time for my flight before I knew it!
Hina: Hmmm... You couldn't have spent the whole time at a restaurant though, right? Did you just hang out in the lobby after that?
Aya: Y-yeah... That's right. I was at the airport the whole time.
Hina: Huh~... Weren't you talking about how much you wanted to see more of Saga yesterday? Don't you think you had enough time to do some sightseeing?
Aya: Th-that's, I mean... I just really like airports!
Chisato, Hina, Maya & Eve: ...
Hina: Aya-chan, are you hiding something from us?
Aya: Ugh... The truth is...
(Black cut)
Chisato: I see. Tatsumi-san helped you out quite a lot, then.
Aya: Yeah. While I was panicking, he showed up and saved me...
Hina: So that's why everything worked out so nice and smooth.
Chisato: I suppose all things considered, he is an adult. Technically. But you don't have to try and show off to us, Aya-chan. It's important to know when you have to rely on others. That's not a bad thing.
Aya: B-but~... You all were so worried about me... So I was hoping that convincing you I was totally okay would've made you all feel better...
Eve: Thank you for caring about us, Aya-san. But even if you had help, you still came home by yourself! That is amazing!
Aya: Eve-chan...
Chisato: We're all happy to see you again, Aya-chan. Welcome back...
Aya: Chisato-chan... Thanks. Oh... Everyone~... I'm so happy to see you all again~.
Chisato: Oh, you're exaggerating. We weren't even apart for a full day.
Chisato: In any case, with Aya-chan back, I think we can finally say our Saga adventure is over. Good work, everyone.
Aya, Hina, Maya & Eve: Good work~!
Chisato: ... Is what I would like to say, but this trip isn't over until we're all home. Take care on your way back, everyone.
Aya: Huh...? We just all met up again, though. Are we done already?
Hina: I'm so hungry, I might not even be able to make it back to my house~!
Maya: Ahaha. I'm a little hungry too, I guess.
Eve: One cannot fight on an empty stomach!
Chisato: Oh, fine. Then let's all stop by a restaurant before we head back.
Aya: Yay~! Thanks, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Fufu. Remember, we've still got work tomorrow. Head back home right after we finish eating, okay?
Aya: Okay♪


<Unforgettable First Band Trip>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Well, now that work's calmed down a bit, how about we take a break? But just coffee sounds a little boring... A snack would be nice. What do you want?
Aya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi there, Aya-chan. Are you here for a drink?
Aya: No, I have something I want to give you.
Aya: Pastel＊Palettes went to Saga the other day, so I bought you souvenirs! These are squid tentacles, and these are some seaweed biscuits and manju!
Marina: Wow, look at it all! Thanks, Aya-chan!
Aya: No problem! Please share them with the rest of the staff.
Marina: Thanks, I'll let the owner know, too. How was Saga?
Aya: It was amazing~. We went to the Ureshino hot springs, which made our skin all smooth and shiny, and the boiled tofu there was really good!
Aya: And we got to try catching this fish called a warasubo, which really looked, well, out there... It made me realize just how many kinds of fish are in the sea. I was so surprised.
Aya: But more than anything, all the people there were so nice. People were going, "You can do it!", and cheering for us the entire time we were shooting... Fufu, I was so happy~.
Marina: Fufu, I can definitely tell you had fun. Saga, huh? Maybe I should go there next time I take time off.
Aya: Yes, please do!
Aya: Sure, we may have done some reporting and did a concert there, but more than that, as the first job we've taken outside of Tokyo, Saga has become a very special place to me.
Marina: I see, it was your first time working away from home, huh? I bet you all must have been pretty fired up.
Aya: Yeah, we were. But so much happened from the moment we stepped off the plane...
Marina: Now that I think about it, Chisato-chan did mention something about having skin problems...
Aya: Ah, yeah. That was really, really awful. And it's what led to all of our trouble there. But that wasn't all...
Aya: We couldn't rehearse because our equipment van got a flat tire, and then it started pouring rain as soon as we started the concert... It was just one problem after another.
Marina: Th-that sounds rough.
Aya: But thanks to the staff there and a producer from Saga, we all managed to come together and somehow make it through safe and sound.
Aya: And though the audience all looked kind of confused at first, by the end, they looked like they were having a lot of fun. I think it turned out to be a really great concert.
Marina: I see. I'm sure the people of Saga must be happy with their decision to hire you guys, too.
Aya: I hope they are~! I'd love to go back and do another show there!
Marina: Hehe, now you have me wanting to see you perform in Saga, too.
Aya: Oh, yes! Please come next time we're there!
Aya: Ah, that's right, Marina-san. If you ever run into trouble in Saga, try saying, "What do I do?"
Marina: "What do I do?"
Aya: Yeah! That's how they say it down in Saga... It's a special dialect of the region called the Karatsu dialect.
Aya: If you say it like that, I bet anyone nearby will be happy to help you. That's what happened to me, after all!
Marina: Thanks, Aya-chan. "What do I do," huh? I'll remember that. But hopefully I won't have to use it.
Aya: Ah! W-well, yeah, of course...! That's right, normally you wouldn't want to ever be in that sort of situation, huh...? Oooh, that's kind of embarrassing...
Marina: But I appreciate the thought all the same, Aya-chan. Thanks. I'll keep it in mind just in case I might actually need it.
Aya: Th-thank you.
Aya: Oh, no! I've still got to hand out souvenirs to ViVidCanvas. Sorry, I'm going to head back to my agency.
Marina: Okay, take care. Thanks again for the gifts.
Aya: No problem! Saga's a really great place, so please visit someday! See you, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
