1298_Aya Maruyama_R4 Perfect Smile

Gacha phrase: That's why communication is important!

<Aya's Empathy>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Aya: I think my next class is~... math. Okay! Just a little bit longer until lunchtime!
Aya: ... Hm? Is that...? It's Sayo-chan and Kanon-chan~!
Kanon: Ah, Aya-chan!
Sayo: Hello, Maruyama-san.
Aya: Hey! What are you two up to?
Sayo: Our next class is in a different room today. By the way, it seems I have to thank you for helping Imai-san.
Sayo: I heard you were the one who talked her through her problems.
Aya: I wouldn't say that... I'm the one who started crying on her.
Aya: I completely understood what she was dealing with.
Aya: I got so sad listening to her talk about it, and before I knew it, I was crying...
Aya: I could hardly believe it myself. But the tears just kept coming.
Kanon: ...?
Sayo: What happened was...
(Black cut)
Kanon: Oh, so that's what this is about.
Kanon: I'm happy Lisa-chan feels better now.
Aya: Me too! After that, we went shopping!
Kanon: Fufu...I know how Lisa-chan feels, though~.
Kanon: It's such a relief when someone understands how you feel. Aya-chan, you've been there for me like that so many times.
Aya: What?! Really...?
Kanon: Yes~. I was so nervous when I first started working at the fast food restaurant...
Kanon: I just kept thinking I'd mess things up... I thought I'd make a mistake and cause trouble for everyone. I was so worried.
Aya: I know the feeling~. When I started working, I was so nervous I'd mess up~.
Kanon: But when I started my shift, you came up to me with a big smile and wished me luck...
Kanon: You made me feel like I wasn't alone. Like you'd be there for me if I need it. It was very reassuring.
Aya: R-really...? Did I really make you feel that way?
Sayo: She's right. When people tell you their troubles, you make them feel like you really understand what they're going through.
Sayo: During the One Hundred Poems Tournament, you were  there for the people who weren't good at the game.
Sayo: It's just as Matsubara-san says. I'm sure Imai-san was able to move forward because she felt you were there for her.
Aya: I-I wonder if that's really true...
Kanon: I think it definitely is. Fufu.
Aya: Hmm~... I never realized that. It's kind of embarrassing to hear you talking about it...
Aya: That being said, it does feel really nice when people can relate to you!
Aya: I know I always feel better when people say they understand my experiences.
Aya: So that's how Lisa-chan felt about our talk... I'm really glad I went to see her that day!
Sayo: Fufu... Maruyama-san. As one of Imai-san's band members, I'd like to express my gratitude for all that you've done for her.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Aya: S-Sayo-chan, stop bowing~. I told you, it's embarrassing when you say things like that~!
Kanon: Fufufu... Aya-chan, I'd like to thank you, too.
Aya: What?! Kanon-chan, not you, too~!
Aya: ...! The chime! I need to get back to class now.
Sayo: Matsubara-san, we should hurry, too.
Kanon: O-okay!
Aya: See you two later~!
Sayo: Ah, Maruyama-san! Don't run in the hallway!
Aya: S-sorry!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Magic of Greetings!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew... It's been busy around here since morning~. All the paperwork is done now, so hopefully, the afternoon will be a little easier...
Aya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Ah, Aya-chan! Fufu. Hi there. You seem as good as ever today.
Marina: You know, hearing your voice works wonders. I was exhausted from work a second ago, but now I feel much better.
Aya: No way! You're just saying that to be nice, aren't you...?
Marina: I'm serious! Thanks to you, I'm ready to give 110% this afternoon.
Aya: R-really? Ehehe... I'm glad I could help~.
Aya: Actually, when I was talking with Maya-chan and Lisa-chan, they told me the same thing.
Aya: They said hearing me say "hi" always makes them super happy!
Marina: Some people say that everything starts with a greeting. I think it's really great that you do it so naturally.
Aya: I couldn't agree more! After all... Everything starts with a greeting!
Aya: I even think they're a kind of good luck spell!
Marina: How so?
Aya: Doesn't giving cheerful greetings make you excited to take on the day?
Aya: You get all happy inside, and you feel good about what the day might bring.
Aya: That's why I make sure to greet people. I'm doing it for me, too!
Marina: I kind of know what you mean. Whenever I'm feeling tired, but I make an effort to smile and greet someone, I start to feel better.
Marina: So greetings are good luck spells, huh~? ... You know, I think you could be right about that.
Aya: See?! That's why I'm going to keep giving big cheerful greetings with a smile~!
Marina: Fufu. I guess we'll have to start following your lead, won't we?
Aya: ... Ah, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to interrupt you two while you're working...
Marina: You're not interrupting us at all! We're on break, and it was really nice talking with you.
Marina: Are you okay for time?
Aya: Yes! Today's my day off!
Marina: Well, we better get back to work. Enjoy your day!
Aya: Thank you! See you later!
