1327_Aya Maruyama_R2 Flowery Modern

<Idol +1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Aya Maruyama)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Aya: That's why I'm doing my best to practice in between lessons!
Kasumi: Wow, amazing! When did you start?!
Arisa: Hey~, Kasumi. Our next class is-
Aya: Ah, Arisa-chan! Hello!
Arisa: Excuse me for interrupting. Kasumi, we're changing classrooms for the next period.
Kasumi: Don't worry, I'm ready to go! More importantly, Arisa. Aya-senpai said she started learning magic tricks recently!
Arisa: You're doing magic tricks? Why is that...?
Aya: Actually, I'm thinking of doing them at a Pastel＊Palettes concert sometime!
Arisa: Huh? At a concert...?!
Aya: Yeah. I was thinking the audience might get a kick out of it!
Kasumi: I think that's a great idea! Magic tricks really pump things up!
Kasumi: Everyone liked it when the two of us did some at the New Year's party. Right, Arisa?
Arisa: Y-yeah. We could really tell how hard you worked...
Aya: Thanks, Arisa-chan!
Aya: I actually decided to learn magic because I remembered that time at the New Year's party. Even though we messed up at the end...
Aya: But I want to practice even more so I can show off some tricks in front of our audience!
Arisa: So you'll be an idol that can do magic tricks, huh~?
Arisa: If I remember correctly, there are quite a few idols that have one special skill, like being really knowledgeable about history or being great at cleaning.
Arisa: If an idol's knowledgeable about history, they're called history buff idols, right? They even do that kind of thing on TV.
Aya: You're well-informed, Arisa-chan! That's right. I'm hoping that I can be like that too someday~.
Aya: Actually, another reason I decided to do magic tricks was because the staff from our talent agency told me to develop a forte that other people don't have.
Aya: Like, you know how Maya-chan is knowledgeable about equipment? I was thinking I wanted a forte like that too~!
Aya: Of course, wanting the audience to enjoy themselves is still the biggest reason!
Kasumi: Oh~...! Aya-senpai, you're so cool!
Arisa: You really do think of a lot of different things as an idol. That's amazing...
Aya: Ehehe. I'll do my best so that I can claim magic tricks as my special skill!
Kasumi: By the way, Aya-senpai. What kind of tricks are you practicing right now?
Aya: Heh heh heh... The thing is, I'm practicing this trick where my ear gets bigger♪
Arisa: I see, your ear- Wait, your ear?!
Aya: Yep! I haven't shown this to the other girls in Pastel＊Palettes yet, so this is our little secret!
Kasumi: Wow, amazing! I wanna see that at a concert venue too~! You wanna see the moment Aya-senpai's ear gets bigger too, right, Arisa?!
Arisa: R-right...
Arisa: (Wait, wait, wait. If she did that at a concert, wouldn't that just make things awkward...?!)
Arisa: (Should I stop Aya-senpai from doing that trick...? But wait, it doesn't involve me, so do I even have the right to say something...?)
Aya: Once I master my magic tricks, I'll unveil them at a concert, so the two of you should come too!
Kasumi: Okay! I'll definitely be there!
Arisa: Haha... I'll look forward to it...
Aya: Thanks! Okay~, I'm gonna do my best so I can show off my tricks to the audience~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<For Everyone!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Restaurant]

Marina: Our lunch break is just about over, so we should get back to CiRCLE... Huh? Is that Aya-chan over there? She seems to be avidly reading something...
Aya: Hrm~... If I go with card tricks, would it be hard for the audience to see my hands...? It might be better to do something showier...
Marina: Hello, Aya-chan! What book are you reading?
Aya: Ah. Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello! This is a book on magic tricks!
Marina: Magic tricks, huh? That reminds me, you did magic tricks with Kasumi-chan during the new year's party, didn't you? Are you going to be doing them again somewhere?
Aya: Yes! I was thinking of unveiling them at our next concert, so I was practicing some new tricks.
Aya: But Chisato-chan told me I can't because none of them stand out on stage...
Marina: I see. That's a shame. By the way, what magic tricks were you planning on doing?
Aya: The one where a playing card comes out of my mouth and the one where my ear gets bigger!
Marina: I-is that so? Those certainly might not stand out on stage...
Aya: So they really are no good...? Hrm~, I wonder what magic tricks would work...
Aya: ... I know! If the both of you were there, what kinds of magic tricks would you want to see? Don't worry about whether I can actually do them or not!
Marina: Hmm, let me think... Ah, I might want to see one of those miraculous escape tricks! That would look showy on stage, and it would liven up the crowd. Also, the floating person trick!
Aya: Whoa! Both of those seem like they would really be exciting, and the audience would probably love them too!
Marina: Other than those... I'm always surprised whenever I'm watching TV and see the trick where a cloth is placed on an item and it disappears~. What is the deal with that?
Aya: It's so strange, isn't it?! How would you even make a big box disappear?
Marina: Right~? What kind of magic trick do you think would be good, {{userName}}-san?
Aya: ... I see. That trick is wonderful too. Thank you so much, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: Hrm~. If I were able to perform all the tricks you both just suggested, I bet our fans would love it~.
Marina: That probably would be fun, but then you might have less time for the actual performance, you know?
Aya: Ah, you're right...! I was thinking of doing magic tricks so everyone could enjoy the concert, but my goal changed without me realizing it. Ehehe...
Marina: Fufu. But you seriously worrying for the sake of your audience will definitely come across. So do your best with your performance and your magic tricks!
Aya: Thank you very much. I'll try a little bit harder so I can entertain our audience!
