1329_Aya Maruyama_R5 Autumn Dream

<Autumn Dream>

Anime story


<Autumn-Colored Idol>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shrine]

Aya: ... As you can see, autumn is in full swing here at this shrine!
Aya: Be sure to take a stroll and enjoy the season when you come and visit!
Aya: "This is Aya Maruyama, the fluffy pink member of Pastel＊Palettes, signing off!"
TV Staff: ... And cut! Great job, Maruyama-san!
Aya: Thank you very much~!
Hina: Nice job, Aya-chan~! Looks like it's our turn next on camera!
Eve: We will successfully complete our report on the dumplings that ward off bad luck!
Maya: You should probably take a break since you'll be free for a while.
Aya: Thanks! Good luck, guys!
Aya: I wonder where I should rest~. Oh yeah, Chisato-chan should be taking her break too...
Aya: Ah, there she is on the stairs.
Aya: Hi, Chisato-chan. Really nice view, isn't it?
Chisato: Aya-chan...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: A-ah!
Chisato: In your hair. There was a leaf.
Aya: O-oh! Ahaha!
Chisato: Fufu, were you expecting a pat on the head?
Aya: Huh? Um~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: A-anyway, what're you doing?
Chisato: Just enjoying the view. It feels like autumn already, doesn't it?
Chisato: We've been so busy with work recently, I hadn't realized just how deep into the season we were.
Aya: True, especially this last month. I don't think we've ever had so many jobs at the same time.
Chisato: As genuinely grateful as I am for the work we get... I do wish something could be done about our schedule.
Aya: Our schedule?
Chisato: There's too much going on. It could be that the agency staff don't know how to handle this situation since we've never had this happen before.
Chisato: I hope everyone's not feeling too overworked... You seem to be managing at least.
Aya: Mm-hmm, I've really been enjoying today's shoot too!
Aya: I mean, did you see how pretty the pond was? The maple leaves looked so red in its reflection; it was like it was on fire!
Aya: And the shrine's cat was so cute and friendly! It gave me such a warm and fuzzy feeling~!
Chisato: ... I see.
Chisato: I thought you might be tired because of how busy we have been... but I'm glad you seem to be okay.
Aya: Yeah, I'm totally okay!
Aya: It's not like it's not tiring... I'm just happy to have so many things I get to work on!
Chisato: You're happy...?
Aya: Because they're all chances for me to move closer to my dream!
Aya: The harder I work, the closer my dream gets. The closer I get to becoming an even greater idol than Ayumi-san.
Aya: That's all that's been on my mind... so I don't think I've really been thinking about how tiring things are.
Chisato: ...
Aya: ... Ah!
Chisato: What is it?
Aya: I just realized that you might be tired from work too...
Aya: S-sorry for making so much noise and ruining your break.
Chisato: ... Don't apologize. I'm glad we had this chat.
Aya: You are?
Chisato: More chances to move closer to your dreams... That's very true.
Chisato: Thanks to you, I feel extra motivated. And I can't let you have a monopoly on motivation now, can I?
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Hina: Hey~! Aya-chan, Chisato-chan~!
Maya: It's almost time for all five of us to be filmed~!
Chisato & Aya: ...
Chisato: Shall we get back to work?
Aya: Yeah! Let's do our best on this job!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
