1378_Aya Maruyama_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I have to post about it later~!

<Sophisticated & Cute♪>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Eve: Aya-san, happy birthday!
Chisato, Hina & Maya: Happy birthday!
Maya: We've prepared a birthday present for you today! Here it is!
Aya: Thank you! Is it okay for me to open my present right now?
Chisato: Yes, of course.
Aya: I wonder what it could be~... Wow! A flower hair accessory! It's so cute~!
Maya: We found it when we went out to select a present for you.
Hina: Yeah, we all agreed it was totally your style~! Whaddya think? Bet you think it's pretty boppin'♪
Aya: I do! Hey, would it be okay for me to try it out?
Chisato: I know. Why don't we give you a different hairstyle from normal while we're at it?
Hina: Ah, great idea! You always have your hair in pigtails, so I kinda wanna see you with a different hairdo!
Eve: In that case, please leave it to me! I shall give you a wonderful hairstyle!
Aya: Fufu, well then, I guess I'll leave it in your hands!
(Black cut)
Eve: It is done! Aya-san, it suits you so very well!
Maya: Yes, it's very cute! You always look lovely, but this hairstyle makes you seem more mature!
Hina: That's true! It feels kinda refreshing!
Aya: Really?! Hey, someone take a picture! I have to post about it later~!
Chisato: Fufu, I can take it for you. Now then, smile...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Restyle!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Mall]

Nanami: So this magazine has the highest approval rating among high school girls... In that case, I'll buy it... Hm?
Nanami: Oh? If it isn't Aya-senpai~. Hello.
Aya: Ah, Nanami-chan. Hello.
Nanami: Is that a book on hair styling that you're flipping through?
Aya: Yeah, I was hoping to use it as a reference.
Aya: The other day, the girls in Pastel＊Palettes styled my hair and gave me a hair ornament as a present for my birthday.
Aya: Look, here's a picture of it.
Nanami: Wow, that's so cute~! That ornament and hairstyle look really good on you.
Aya: Fufu, thanks. I want to do this style again, but I can't quite manage it on my own...
Nanami: Hrm~, I see, I see... I can do that kind of style. Want me to do it for you?
Aya: Huh?! I-it's pretty difficult...!
Nanami: Ahh, umm, well, you know~. I can use the photo you showed me as a reference, and this sort of thing is easier when someone else does it for you~.
Aya: Th-that's a good point...!
Nanami: Yeah, exactly~. Well then, there's a nice, big changing room over that way, but would you mind if I did your hair in there?
Aya: Huh? Really? Thanks, Nanami-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Well then, I'll get started right away~... Let me see...
Nanami: ... Is this okay?
Aya: ... Huh?! Wow, are you done already?
Nanami: Well, you know, your hair is just so easy to handle~. It's so smooth~.
Aya: Y-you think so? ... I've got an idea! Hey, could you undo my hair for me?
Nanami: Huh? Sure, I can... Okay, here you go~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Thanks! Where's my phone...? Here it is!
Nanami: What are you doing, Aya-senpai?
Aya: I was thinking of recording how you do it with my phone so I can practice on my own! I'm really sorry, but could I ask you to do my hair one more time...?
Nanami: Ah, I see. Sure~. I'll do it as many times as you like.
Aya: Thanks, Nanami-chan! Okay, I've got the recording all set up! When you're ready!
