1413_Aya Maruyama_R3 To Show Who I Am Now

<How to Sing Better>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Welcome! ... Ah, Aya-san! Is it just you?
Aya: Yeah! I had an assignment a little while ago, so I dropped by to take a breather~.
Aya: Huh...? Where's Tsugumi-chan? Are you by yourself today, Eve-chan?
Eve: She has some school business and is not here this morning.
Eve: Come, this way! Kanon-san is here as well.
Kanon: Aya-chan, hello.
Aya: Kanon-chan! Could I sit with you?
Kanon: Of course. Here... Have the menu.
Aya: Thanks~. I wonder what I should order~... Wow, this iced tea and cake set looks so good~. I'll go with that!
Eve: That is one iced tea and cake set. Please wait and I will bring it out to you right away!
Kanon: Aya-chan, I bet you worked really hard during your assignment~. Are you able to relax a bit now?
Aya: No, I've got band practice in the afternoon. And I have something I want to do before then.
Kanon: What is that?
Aya: Umm... I've got these lyrics for our new song, and I was thinking about reading over them one more time.
Kanon: I see... Ah, but before you do that, it looks like your cake is here.
Eve: Thank you for waiting! Here is your iced tea and cake set!
Aya: Whoa~. The strawberries on this strawberry shortcake are huge!
Eve: This is a delicious cake! Please take your time to enjoy it!
Kanon: ... Huh? Those lyrics...
Kanon: I caught a glance of them just now, and I was a little surprised to see that they're all written in hiragana.
Eve: Lyrics...? Ah, you are right! Are those... the lyrics for our new song?
Aya: That's right. I took the original lyrics and wrote them out in hiragana.
Kanon: Why would you do that?
Aya: I'll be singing a new song in Pastel＊Palettes soon, and it's different than the songs we normally do.
Aya: I was thinking about how I could sing it well, so I asked my vocal coach. This is the method they taught me.
Eve: This is the first I have heard of this as well. So you were doing something like this...
Aya: According to what my instructor said, by writing lyrics in hiragana where you can, you can raise your awareness of the sounds of each word.
Eve: Ah, I think I know what you mean.
Eve: When I first came to Japan, I learned kanji by writing them out as hiragana.
Eve: By doing that, it made it easier for me to memorize them, and I was able to learn how to read so many kanji!
Aya: Yeah, that's it! It feels like I'm able to memorize the lyrics faster than normal too!
Aya: Not to mention, I get the feeling I can picture how I should sing every syllable now.
Kanon: Wow, so that kind of method exists. That's handy~.
Kanon: There are times when I don't know how I should sing something, so maybe I'll try that next time.
Aya: Yeah, give it a try! I really recommend it.
Kanon: Okay! You really are such a hard worker, Aya-chan.
Kanon: Once people have settled on a means to something, they often follow that method, but you always seem like you're looking forward and trying to find a better way to do things.
Eve: That is right! That is how Aya-san always leads us!
Aya: E-Eve-chan?
Eve: Watching her not depend on her past self, and always working hard to improve...
Eve: We find courage and strength not in her words, but in these actions that she shows us!
Aya: Y-you're being too loud~. The other customers are staring at us...
Kanon: It's the same for me too. No matter how tired I get at my part-time job, seeing her smile as she works hard always gives me strength.
Aya: K-Kanon-chan, now you're starting too...?!
Eve: I would like to hear more about that! My shift will be over soon, so could I ask you to tell me about Aya-san at her part-time job?!
Kanon: Okay. I'd also like you to tell me about how she is during her idol work.
Eve: Please leave it to me!
Aya: Y-you two, stop, stop! You're embarrassing me~!


<Idols Are Limitless!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: This should be everything the owner asked us to buy. How about we head back to CiRCLE?
Aya: Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Ah, Aya-chan! Hi. Heading out somewhere?
Aya: No, I'm on my way home after a meeting I just had at the agency.
Aya: And listen to this~. I got my first-ever assignment to recite poetry!
Marina: Congratulations~! That's great, Aya-chan!
Aya: Thank you very much!
Aya: Now I wonder what I need to do to recite well... Sigh~, I'm getting so nervous.
Marina: But it's you we're talking about, so I bet you're also excited, huh?
Aya: Ehehe, you're right. I want to do my best since I'm being given this opportunity to try.
Aya: And it makes me think.
Aya: Each time I get a new assignment like this one, I realize idols are limitless!
Marina: Limitless?
Aya: You see, during our concert the other day, we debuted our new song, and it was unlike anything we'd ever performed.
Aya: So the song was like a chance to push ourselves and show our fans a new side of Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: And ever since I became an idol, work has provided lots of opportunities to face challenges that led to discovering so much of our potential.
Aya: That's why I think idols are limitless! Every challenge we get to take on shows us a new side of ourselves.
Marina: I see. Challenging yourself does seem a lot more fun when you look at it that way!
Marina: Fufu, after hearing what you just said, I feel motivated to work hard.
Marina: I'm going to try to find ways to push myself so that I don't get left behind by you girls.
Aya: Let's both do our best!
Aya: ... Oh, sorry. I didn't realize how much time had passed...
Marina: Don't worry. It was fun talking with you.
Marina: But we should probably get back to CiRCLE. See you later, Aya-chan.
Aya: Okay, I'll stop by and visit sometime!
Aya: Bye~, Marina-san! Bye~, {{userName}}-san!
