1503_Aya Maruyama_R3 School Trip Classic

Gacha phrase: I'm super moved right now!

<Handing Out from the Heart>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Alrighty... Oh? It's Maya-chan.
Aya: Right. She mentioned having a meeting for the column today. Hi!
Maya: Aya-san! Hello. I just finished my meeting.
Maya: What about you, Aya-san? Why are you here? Are those... snacks in your arms?
Chisato: Yes, we're here because we brought souvenirs from our school trip.
Maya: Chisato-san...! I see, your school trip... Does that mean you came all the way here to pass them out?
Aya: Yup! We wanted to give out the souvenirs as soon as possible since the staff always take such good care of us!
Maya: Ahh, that makes sense!
Maya: But then, why not just leave them at the office? There's an open box in the common area for sharing purposes.
Chisato: That's what I said, too... But Aya-chan insisted on handing them out to each person individually.
Aya: I heard most of the staff are in today, so I thought it'd be the perfect time to pass them around! Of course, we have your share as well, Maya-chan!
Aya: There are two souvenirs, one from me and one from Chisato-chan. Yatsuhashi, which are a Kyoto specialty, and matcha chocolate! Here you go!
Maya: Th-thank you so much!
Maya: Anyway, handing out gifts one by one to each staff member sounds exactly like something you'd do, Aya-chan.
Chisato: Yes, indeed. I personally didn't think we needed to go this far.
Maya: Yet you agreed with Aya-san, and now you're here.
Chisato: That... is true, I suppose.
Chisato: The staff had to go through a lot of trouble to move the date of our photo shoot due to this school trip... I wanted to come to at least make up for that.
Maya: Fufufu. Now that sounds very much like you, Chisato-san.
Chisato: Fufu... Anyway, I'm going to go and hand out the gifts with Aya-chan.
Maya: Okay! I'm sure the staff will be delighted!
(Black cut)
Aya: The yatsuhashi are delicious! I tried some at the hotel we stayed in. They were absolutely scrumptious!
Chisato: Aya-chan, if you stop to chat with every single person, we won't be able to finish handing everything out today.
Aya: Ah, right...! If I talk too much, I'll get in the way of everyone's work too!
Aya: Besides, we still have tons of souvenirs to hand out! I better get to it!
Aya: But I gotta say... this sure brings back memories. Standing together like this reminds me of that time when we sold tickets in front of the station.
Chisato: I remember... It feels like so much time has passed since then.
Aya: Right... And just like back then, I'm still so delighted to be able to be by your side!
Chisato: Aya-chan, are you feeling a little sentimental after our school trip?
Aya: Ehehe. Yeah, maybe that's what it is.
Maya: It seems like you two had a wonderful trip. I can tell just by the expressions on your faces.
Aya: Yup! We really made the best memories!
Chisato: I have to agree with Aya-chan there.
Maya: That's great. Please tell me all about your trip later!
Aya: Of course! Alrighty, these souvenirs aren't gonna hand themselves out!
Aya: We have snacks from our school trip here, everyone! Please feel free to take some!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Not a Moment I Wanted to Miss>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Hmhmhmm~♪ I hope everyone will like them~!
Aya: Oh! Hello there, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: ... Huh? I'm in a good mood? Ehehe... Actually, I was just at the photo printing shop.
Aya: I went to get the photos from the school trip we just went on printed...
Aya: This one was taken at a famous temple, and check this out! Someone we don't know is holding up a peace sign in the back!
Aya: This one is of a temple that is super popular on social media... Oh, and this is a picture of our dinner at the hotel!
Aya: There were so many things I wanted to take photos of. Before I knew it, my phone was filled with pictures!
Aya: It was such a wonderful trip that I don't think there was a single moment that wasn't filled with fun!
Aya: Fufu. Of course, we also had a blast just talking in the hotel! We reminisced about events like the One Hundred Poems tournament and such.
Aya: It's thanks to all the experiences we've had in our lives that we can have talks like that.
Aya: Like, how we didn't do our homework, or how busy our part-time job was! Or like, how hard band practice was and stuff...
Aya: The accumulation of these sorts of day-to-day experiences is what's made me who I am today... or something. I'm not really good at putting it into words!
Aya: But seriously, these conversations may seem like they were meaningless, but they gave me this brilliant, sparkling feeling!
Aya: To save this feeling I had, I decided to go and print these photos out.
Aya: Ehehe. I'm actually going to secretly make a photo album for each person and give them out as presents!
Aya: I hope they'll like them... Thinking about it makes me get this giddy feeling inside...
Aya: I really hope that they'll treasure the photo albums!
Aya: Anyway, I better go home and start making them! I'll be going now!
Aya: I hope we can talk like this again soon. Thanks so much for listening!
