1519_Aya Maruyama_R4 Happily ever after

Gacha phrase: Ehehe, we did a great job today, didn't we?

<Leave It to Aya the Magician!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: And so... we're here to congratulate you in person~♪
Maya: ... Okay! I'll stop recording here.
Hina: You were so into it, Aya-chan! You didn't even trip up once!
Aya: Ehehe, well, it is a video message that'll be played during Sasazuka-san's wedding party. Of course it needs to be perfect!
Hina: So, let's see, after they play the video, we'll go boom and appear on stage, right?
Chisato: Yes. Then, we'll play one song and congratulate them again.
Eve: I hope everyone will enjoy it!
Hina: Hey, Maya-chan, you've been staring at the camera for a while now. Did the video not record?
Maya: Oh, no. It recorded fine, but... Hmm...
Aya: Was it me? Did I move too much and make the video out of focus...?!
Maya: Ahh, I'm sorry! Everything is fine, really. I was just wondering if there was something more we could do...
Hina: You were? I think what we have is good. Unlike our usual performances, we're not the stars of the show this time.
Eve: But I know what you mean, Maya-san! I think what we have is enough, but perhaps there's something that would make them even happier!
Chisato: Right. We still have time until the party. Let's try to come up with an idea.
Hina: Okay, sounds good to me! Let's think of something more boppin'!
Maya: Thank you so much, everyone!
Eve: How about recreating a segment of "All Fun and Games?" I'm sure the guests would have fun being a part of it too!
Hina: That sure would be exciting, but won't that take a lot of time to prepare, with the guests joining in and all?
Maya: That is true. So, we have to think of something that doesn't take much time... Maybe like a quick skit or something.
Aya: Oh! What about a magic show?
Aya: It wouldn't take up much time, and it would be interesting for the guests. We'll have to practice, but I can teach you! Besides, doing magic tricks together will be really fun!
Maya: That's a great idea! If we could get it down, it would get everyone excited for sure!
Hina: But let's get serious here~. Aya-chan, have you had enough practice to really pull it off?
Aya: Fu, fu, fu. You'll just have to let me show you...! This is perfect because I have class today and brought all my props!
Aya: Now then, welcome to Aya the Magician's impromptu magic stage! Don't take your eyes off the show~♪
(Black cut)
Aya: Thank you so much for watching~♪ ... What did you think?
Hina: Amazing, amazing! Look at you, Aya-chan! Your magic tricks were flawless!
Chisato: Indeed. You've shown us before too, but I must say, you've gotten a lot better.
Eve: I was so shocked when the card came out of your mouth! And where did the cloth go for that trick where you turned it into a stick...?
Aya: Ehehe~, I can't tell you♪ A magician never reveals their secrets~.
Maya: Geez~, I even made sure to watch closely while you were performing, but I couldn't figure it out!
Maya: I think everyone would be thrilled to watch something like that!
Aya: You do?! Yay~! I'm glad I worked so hard practicing, then~!
Hina: But if we're gonna do this, I kinda wanna do some magic tricks with a little more bang~! Is there anything like that?
Aya: What~?! I-I thought those ones were pretty fancy already...
Chisato: I have to agree. Sleight-of-hand tricks or ones where you guess the card might be a little difficult to see for guests sitting further away.
Aya: ... Hmm~. Something we can all do together that the audience can see from a distance...
Aya: Oh, I know! That would be perfect...!
Maya: That...? You have more tricks in your repertoire?
Aya: Yeah, sort of! It's one I know how to do but have never actually done.
Hina: Ohh~? What is it, what is it?
Aya: Maybe you've all seen it before. It's the one where a person goes into a box, and the magician stabs swords through them!
Eve: I've seen that before! The first time I watched it, I couldn't help but cover my eyes...
Maya: Me too. It has quite the shock factor to it. I freak out every time I watch that trick...
Maya: Aya-san... Are you really thinking of performing that?
Aya: Yeah! Oh, but don't worry. I'll ask my teacher if we can borrow the props for it.
Aya: The trick meets the criteria. It's a bold act that more than one of us can perform. My teacher said as long as the magician and the person inside know the trick, it's easy!
Chisato: Uhm... In other words... One of us has to go into the box, don't we...?
Aya: Huh? Yeah, that's right.
Chisato: But... will it be dangerous...?
Aya: Not at all! Just leave it to me, Aya the Magician♪ I'll be able to do it, no doubt about it!
Maya & Chisato & Eve: ...
Eve: I think I now understand how samurai felt before committing seppuku.
Maya: R-right. We should stick to the video message and music performance.
Aya: Huh?! B-but it'll be fine. No one will get stabbed by a sword! Please, just trust me...!
Hina: Okay, then, how about Aya-chan, you go in the box, and I'll be the magician?
Aya: Huh? ... N-no, that's~...
Chisato: Aya-chan, let's leave the magic show for another time.
Aya: R-right, okay. Chisato-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Thank You Donuts>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Shopping was quite the task today. I'm sure we're both a little tired. Why don't we get something sweet to eat? There just so happens to be a sweet scent around here...
Aya: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Fufu, the sweet smell you're talking about might be coming from me.
Marina: Aya-chan! Hello! Wow, you're carrying such a big shopping bag.
Aya: Ehehe. It's actually full of donuts.
Marina: I see. That explains the sweet smell. Ah, are they perhaps from the new donut shop near the station?
Aya: Yes. The reviews said the donuts are amazingly delicious, so I got some as refreshments.
Marina: Ahh, you mean for the staff at your work?
Aya: Yes! I'm heading to record an episode of "All Fun and Games" and was thinking of giving them out when we take a break or something!
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure everyone will be ecstatic to get these goodies from you.
Aya: That's what I'm hoping~. I usually bring something for everyone, anyway. But today, I want to especially thank them for their hard work...
Marina: Really? Did something happen that brought this about?
Aya: Yes! Just the other day, all of Pastel＊Palettes went to the wedding party of the director of our variety show.
Marina: Wow~, that sounds wonderful. How was it?
Aya: To be honest, we ran into some issues... But all of us wanted the director to enjoy her party, so we worked hard behind the scenes to protect that smile of hers.
Aya: Because of that, the party was a huge success!
Aya: I came to appreciate how important people working backstage are... It's thanks to the staff that we idols can stand on stage and perform.
Marina: I see. So, you want to give these donuts out as a token of gratitude for all their work.
Aya: Exactly! But giving out refreshments is not enough. I wanna show how thankful I am through my work as well!
Aya: To properly reflect the staff's efforts to produce a good show, I need to shine even brighter as an idol on the stage!
Marina: Fufu, you certainly have the spirit!
Aya: Yes, I'm going to give it my all during today's recording!
Aya: Oh, that reminds me. If you would like, please have some donuts too! Both of you are always taking care of me!
Marina: Huh? But these are for the staff of your variety show. Is it really okay for us to take some?
Aya: Absolutely! I made sure to buy lots so I have more than enough!
Aya: And if there are any left, I was hoping the members of Pastel＊Palettes could have some too...
Aya: Oh! N-not that I bought more because I wanted to eat them myself!
Marina: Fufufu, it's okay. I get it. In that case, we will gladly take some. Thanks, Aya-chan!
Aya: Sure! Anyway, I should head to the studio now. Goodbye♪
