1595_Aya Maruyama_R4 When You Turn Around...

Gacha phrase: I said the sound from the fireworks is incredible~!

<Out of Reluctance>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Fireworks Festival - Event Space]

Aya: The fireworks festival was so much fun~! I loved seeing all the different fireworks.
Aya: The heart-shaped fireworks were really cute. Which ones did you all like?
Eve: I liked the ones they call "willows". It is so elegant how those fireworks spread out and droop down like branches!
Hina: Oh~, so those droopy-looking fireworks are called willows!
Hina: I liked the huge fireworks! The ones that sounded like they blew a hole in the sky. They were kinda over the top and totally boppin'~♪
Maya: Yeah, they really packed a punch~! Now those were what I call fireworks.
Eve: Yes! We yelled "Tamaya~!" so many times!
Aya: We sure did! Why do people say "Tamaya," though? I've always yelled it but never really thought about why...
Eve: Tamaya was the name of a fireworks maker in the Edo period. "Kagiya" was the name of another famous maker.
Chisato: Now that you mention it, I often hear people yelling "Kagiya" too.
Aya: That's our Eve-chan! She knows so much!
Eve: Arisa-san told me about it! After that, I looked up many things too. Japanese firework culture is very interesting!
Hina: I hope we can all see fireworks together next year too~. Watching from the top of that hill was the best.
Eve: Yes, it was! The view was excellent, and you could see the fireworks very well... I am grateful to the organizer of the festival for telling us about it!
Chisato: It really was wonderful, wasn't it? Well, let's get ready to go home.
Eve: Yes. It is already getting late.
Chisato: It is. All the stalls and booths have begun closing down too.
Hina: You're right! They're taking down their signs.
Eve: Sadly... it is time for us to leave already.
Aya: Yeah... I guess so. But let's come back next year!
(Black cut)
Maya: W-we're barely moving forward... It's so crowded...
Chisato: I thought this might happen. It won't be easy getting home through this.
Hina: Hmm, we could go this way, but we'll probably be pushed and squeezed by all the people.
Eve: Hrm?! Aya-san is missing!
Aya: Guys~?! Where are you~?!
Maya: Ahh! Aya-san! Stay there! We'll come to you!
Aya: Ohh~, Maya-chan, thank you~!
Maya: No worries. I'm just glad we didn't get too separated!
Hina: Good thing we found you. If you get lost again, that might be the last time we ever see you.
Aya: D-don't say that~!
Chisato: Come on, Hina-chan, don't tease her.
Hina: But isn't there a really good chance we might get separated again in all these people~?
Chisato: I suppose it's possible. And if you're not used to wearing a yukata, you could fall and injure yourself.
Maya: You're right. At this rate, it might take us forever to get home...
Aya: I know! Why don't we rest for a bit?
Aya: We're all pretty tired from walking around lots today, right? And if we wait just a little, I think the crowd will let up.
Aya: I know a good spot. Follow me~!
Maya: A-Aya-san?! Wait~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine]

Chisato: I didn't know there was a shrine here.
Aya: I saw it when we were up on the hill~. It's a good spot, isn't it~? Ehehe♪
Eve: To visit a shrine this late in the evening is really quite nice!
Maya: Yeah, I usually never go to one at this time.
Aya: Hey! You can see the whole town from here! Let's talk until the crowd dies down!
Aya: The fireworks today were so beautiful~... When I close my eyes and think back, I can almost see them.
Aya: Oh, and the shaved ice from that stall was so good~! Next year, I want to try the chocolate-covered bananas.
Hina: Pfft... Ahaha! Aya-chan, you're so easy to read~!
Aya: Huh?
Hina: You just love hanging out together, don't you~?
Hina: I could just tell you were hoping we would stay longer this whooole time.
Aya: Ohh... I-it's just that the fireworks festival was so much fun. I guess I didn't want the night to end yet...
Hina: Ahaha! I knew it~♪ I feel the same, though.
Maya: Me too. I was kind of feeling a little sad... Huhehe.
Eve: So was I! I know we will meet tomorrow for work... but I was thinking how nice it would be if we could stay a little while longer.
Chisato: To be honest, I was thinking the same thing... It was a little disappointing to think the day would end like this.
Aya: Guys~...
Chisato: That's why I was happy when you suggested we rest somewhere... How about we stay together just a little longer?
Hina & Eve & Maya: Sure♪ Okay! Let's do that.
Aya: Hey, I found a bench we can sit on over there! Let's go!
Chisato: Fufu. It's not safe to run in your yukata.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Small Hanamaru Symbol>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, things have finally settled down. Want to get something cold to drin-
Aya: ...
Marina: Ah, Aya-chan. Hi.
Aya: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi.
Marina: You were looking at your phone pretty hard... Were you checking social media?
Aya: Fufu. I've already done that♪ I was looking at a video of something we went to film recently!
Marina: Oh. Where did you go?
Aya: Pastel＊Palettes went to a fireworks festival for a job!
Marina: Ah, I saw that! It was on TV the other day.
Marina: It was a great report. The way you interviewed the event organizer and such gave the viewer a good feel for what the event was about!
Aya: Really~?! Thank you!
Aya: I usually make a ton of mistakes when I do reports like that...
Aya: This time I prepared a lot. I think I did pretty good!
Marina: Nice. It sounds like all your hard work paid off.
Aya: It did! I feel like I leveled up a little as an idol on this shoot.
Aya: I have a notebook with my goals as an idol in it...
Aya: Next to my goal of "Get good at reporting," I put a small hanamaru symbol♪ That was also thanks to Chisato-chan.
Marina: Thanks to Chisato-chan? Why's that?
Aya: Chisato-chan is just so good at handling video shoots like that.
Aya: She subtly helps me and the others when we're reporting and makes sure everything goes smoothly. I'm always so amazed by her...
Aya: That's why I wanted her to think, "Wow, Aya-chan. You're doing great"!
Aya: And this time, Chisato-chan said, "I think you did well"♪
Marina: Wow! Congratulations!
Aya: Fufu. Thank you!
Aya: I'm going to keep working hard so I can surprise Chisato-chan and the others with how well I'm doing!
Marina: I'll be rooting for you!
Aya: Ehehe. That means a lot to me♪ I have practice to go to, so I'll see you around.
