1658_Aya Maruyama_R3 Encores Aplenty

<Source of Power>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Aya Maruyama)

[Restaurant]

Aya: ... Phew, I solved it! Mhn~, I'm beat~. Time for a little break~.
Himari: Ah, Aya-san! Hi.
Aya: Hi, Himari-chan. Are you here alone today?
Himari: Yes! I was doing my homework and thought a change of scenery might help...
Himari: Ah, I'm sorry! Did I interrupt you while you were doing your homework?!
Aya: Fufufu. I was just thinking of taking a break, so don't worry about it.
Aya: Hrm? Is that a little bear... hanging on your bag? It's so cute.
Himari: Isn't it?! I just knew someone like you would appreciate this~♪
Himari: It's a good-luck charm I made for everyone in Afterglow.
Aya: The bear's clothes are super cute too!
Himari: Thank you! I made them with fabric that has sakura blossoms on it~!
Himari: These were just a test to see how they'd turn out, but now I'm thinking of making them for the others' bears too.
Himari: Since we have the same good-luck charms, don't you think it'd be adorable if they all had matching outfits?!
Aya: Fufu, matching outfits would be nice.
Aya: Ah, I got a good-luck charm from Eve-chan recently!
Aya: She gave it to everyone in our band to wish us luck on our entrance exams.
Himari: Oh wow! That charm is lovely! Eve-chan has good taste~!
Aya: Thank you♪ I really like it~.
Aya: When she gave it to us, I could tell she spent a lot of time deciding what kind of charm to get...
Aya: It makes me feel like she's cheering us on, so I have to study even harder.
Aya: No matter how busy I am or how hard things get, one look at this charm makes me feel like I can keep fighting.
Himari: I know what you mean! Doesn't it feel like even when you're alone and times are hard, having the charm with you is like having everyone right by your side?!
Aya: Ah! Hey, if you'd like, why don't you come study with me?
Himari: Huh? You want to study... together?
Aya: Yeah! We're studying totally different things, but I feel like we'd work harder if we were together.
Himari: Are you sure...? But...
Aya: I just know studying with you would motivate me to try more.
Himari: W-well then, I'll accept your offer...! I'll do my very best to solve my homework problems!
Aya: Thank you! Okay, let's study!
(Black cut)
Himari: Phew... I finished my homework~! There sure were a lot of different problems to solve~.
Aya: Good job.
Himari: Thank you! Seeing you so focused helped me work hard.
Aya: The same goes for me. I could get everything done I wanted to today.
Aya: And it's all thanks to you studying with me!
Himari: I didn't do anything~... We could go on thanking each other like this all day, fufufu.
Himari: We both worked hard!
Aya: That we did! ... So it wouldn't be wrong for us to enjoy a little reward... Would it?
Himari: Certainly not! Rewards are important!
Aya: I think something from the menu like the Special Peach Parfait would make for the perfect treat, don't you?
Himari: You know, while we were studying I was thinking about that a little... It has big chunks of peach in it and looks absolutely delicious!
Aya: It really does. We pushed ourselves, so I think we've earned something like this today! And they say you crave sweets when you're tired!
Himari: Yes! I think we need it to keep giving our best!
Aya: You're totally right! Okay, let's order them♪
Himari: Yay~! I wonder how they're going to taste~. This is so exciting♪
Aya: Excuse me, two Special Peach Parfaits, please!


<With Those Memories in My Heart>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Record Shop]

Aya: A lot of people have been talking about this artist online. Wow~, the store even made a sign to promote them.
Aya: ... Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hi!
Aya: Those bags... Are you on your way back from shopping? Thank you for always working so hard!
Aya: Coming here is really relaxing. I can sample a lot of different songs♪
Aya: What have I heard recently that put me in a good mood? Well...
Aya: It'd have to be a song from Marmalade! Listening to it on breaks when I study makes me want to work harder.
Aya: It really picks me up! You should give it a listen.
Aya: Oh, speaking of things that'll lift your spirits...
Aya: Actually, the other day, our work was canceled suddenly, so Pastel＊Palettes all went to Shibuya to hang out!
Aya: We went to a Fast Food store and shopped at an import knick-knack shop...
Aya: Ah, and we took photo booth pictures too! It was so much fun. I hadn't done that in a long time.
Aya: But... maybe things got sad because we were having such a wonderful time.
Aya: Ah, I wasn't sad... It was Eve-chan.
Aya: She was feeling blue because the others and I will be graduating. She even started crying.
Aya: But she still wants to see us move on next spring...
Aya: She's sad but doesn't want to regret anything, so she's going to support us as much as she can...
Aya: She said that was her bushido!
Aya: I couldn't help but tear up. I was touched to know that she cares about us so much...
Aya: I don't want to let her down, so I thought to myself that I have to work really hard!
Aya: When I think of Eve-chan on that day, it kind of gives me a boost of energy!
Aya: Ah! I'm sorry. I've been going on and on. I should get back to studying now. See you!
