1663_Aya Maruyama_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: You guys being happy is the best birthday present I could ask for!

<With Snow That Falls Up>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Hey, everyone! Wait for a second before you go home~! I've got something that I want to give you.
Hina: What is it?
Eve: But is today not the day when you are the one to receive presents...?
Aya: W-well, it is, but... it's kind of a thanks for all of you celebrating my birthday just now. And I wanted to express how grateful I always am to you.
Maya: What?! Are you sure?! Aya-san... Thank you very much!
Hina: What's inside...? A sparkly crystal ball?
Chisato: These are snow globes. If you turn it upside down, it causes the glitter to fall, making it look like it's snowing.
Maya: Look! The globes each have a snowman inside that's wearing a scarf with each of our colors!
Eve: A log cabin and a fir tree are lined up next to it. They are so very cute!
Aya: Christmas is coming up soon, so I made one for each of you!
Eve: What?! These are all handmade?! That is incredible! Aya-san, you could be a snow globe artisan!
Aya: Ehehe~. It makes me blush when you say it like that~.
Aya: I modeled those ones after Christmas. I also made some New Year's and Setsubun versions!
Hina: Huh? Today's your birthday, right? Isn't it a little early for next year's Setsubun?
Aya: That's because it's important to get things done early!
Chisato: That way of thinking is very valuable, but...
Hina: Whoa! A bunch of snow globes came out of Aya-chan's bag!
Maya: There are New Year's pine decorations and kagami mochi rice cakes inside.
Eve: This one is lined with an oni and beans in Pastel＊Palettes' colors!
Aya: I made lots more, so you guys can have these!
Chisato: Th-thank you...
Eve: Thanks to Aya-san's snow globes, I am very much looking forward to the arrival of the next season!
Aya: Fufufu. Well, I'm glad you like them~! Your guys' joy is the best birthday present! So thanks!


<Merch by Aya♪>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall - Arts & Crafts Shop]

Aya: These artificial flowers might look cute in one! Ah, these sequins might be good, too~!
PAREO (Reona): Ahh, that's Aya-chan over there! As a fan, I cannot disturb her during her private time. I must withdraw...
Aya: It's PAREO-chan! Hi!
PAREO (Reona): ...! H-h-h-hello, Aya-chan! S-such lovely weather we are having today...
PAREO (Reona): (What am I even blathering on about?! I should not lose my composure just because I have seen Aya-chan in a private moment... I must calm down...!)
PAREO (Reona): Gasp! That's right. Aya-chan, Happy Birthday!
PAREO (Reona): However... I did not think I would meet you and thus I left your present at home... This is the greatest mistake of my life.
Aya: You don't have to worry about that~. Your feelings alone make me so happy!
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan...! How very kind you are...! I will make sure to give it to you when we meet next! No, I will send it to your agency!
Aya: Fufufu. Thanks!
PAREO (Reona): By the way, why are you in an arts and crafts shop?
Aya: I came to buy materials for snow globes. I've gotten hooked on handicrafts lately.
PAREO (Reona): I see! ... Are all the snow globes you have been posting recently on your social media handmade?
Aya: Fufu♪ Actually, they are!
PAREO (Reona): The other day, you uploaded a video of a snow globe you modeled after a southern island!
PAREO (Reona): The pink dolphin with snow glitter falling on it was so very pretty!
Aya: Thanks for checking it out! Oh, yeah. The other day, I made snow globes for everyone in Pastel＊Palettes to express my gratitude to them!
Aya: I made globes modeled after Christmas and New Year's in everyone's member colors and gave them to the others as presents.
PAREO (Reona): In each of their colors? Wasn't it difficult making all of them?!
Aya: Actually, as I was making them, I just couldn't stop!
Aya: I made a whole bunch, but I didn't get tired at all! In fact, it was so much fun that I wanted to make more~!
PAREO (Reona): I see! So, making snow globes is so fascinating that it even blows away your fatigue!
Aya: They're surprisingly easy to make! You can make a standard globe with an empty bottle, beads, glitter, a melamine sponge, water, and liquid glue☆
PAREO (Reona): I see! Now I feel like making one too!
Aya: Ah, I know! I'll give you the snow globe I made the other day, so if you use that as a reference-
PAREO (Reona): I-I-I-I-I-I couldn't possibly accept something as valuable as that! I would be consumed by the fires of happiness and disappear without a trace!
PAREO (Reona): For me to receive a fruit of your love that you made so eagerly for no compensation...! Such a thing would incur divine punishment!!
Aya: D-divine punishment...?
PAREO (Reona): I am certain your fans would want one of your handmade snow globes so much that they would salivate over it!
PAREO (Reona): I know! What do you think of selling snow globes produced by you as merchandise? That way, I would be able to purchase them without hesitation!
Aya: That's a good point. That idea might work if it makes everyone happy! I'll try talking to our staff about it!
PAREO (Reona): If they are made into merchandise, I will buy at least three!
