1695_Aya Maruyama_R4 Graduation

Gacha phrase: Sniff... Sob... I'm the happiest I've ever been~...

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Aya-senpai! Congratulations on graduating!
Kasumi: Singing with you in all sorts of places was so much fun...! And I had a blast hosting the talent show with you!
Kasumi: Please keep spreading hopes and dreams to everyone from on-stage!
Arisa: Aya-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: Sometimes when we passed by each other in the hallway, you'd see me with a stack of papers for the student council and offer to help... I really appreciated it.
Arisa: Juggling both college and idol activities may be tough, but... please keep doing your best!
Rimi: Aya-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Rimi: The zombie prank you did on me and Misaki-chan when we went to watch a movie was so, so scary, but it was also a lot of fun!
Tae: Congratulations, Aya-senpai.
Tae: You'd always listen to me with a smile on your face whenever we met around school and stuff. I was so happy!
Tae: Next time, I'll bring Oddie and the gang with me when I visit you at your college!
Saya: Aya-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Saya: I asked you for advice a lot, and you were always taking care of me. You also taught me how to take good photo booth pictures.
Saya: I've gotten a lot better at it, so let's take some pictures together next time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Aya-san, congratulations on graduating.
Ran: I still remember the time we were asked to write a song for Pastel＊Palettes, and Y.O.L.O!!!!! was born. I respect how you're gentle and strong-willed at the same time.
Ran: I look forward to the next time I can hear the version of Y.O.L.O!!!!! on stage that only Pastel＊Palettes can perform.
Moca: Aya-san~, congrats on graduating~.
Moca: Thanks a lot for helping us with finding a hobby for Saya~. Let's go bouldering again sometime~.
Tsugumi: Aya-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsugumi: I had a lot of fun when we were in the same band at the Joint Cultural Festival!
Tsugumi: I'll get better at playing the keyboard, so let's perform together again one day!
Tomoe: Aya-san, congrats on graduating!
Tomoe: I really respect your resolve and how bold you can be when it comes to being an idol!
Tomoe: Oh, yeah! There's a really good ramen shop near your college. Let's check it out next time!
Himari: Aya-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Himari: We swam in the ocean together, and you taught me how to take good selfies...! I've had so, so many fun memories with you...!
Himari: Oh, one last thing...! "I'm Aya Maruyama, the fluffy, pink member of Pastel＊Palettes~!" ... So?! Did I do a good impression?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Aya! Congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: Making songs together and singing on stage a lot was super duper fun!
Kokoro: Let's keep working together to make the whole world smile!
Hagumi: Aya-senpai, congrats on graduating!
Hagumi: I have so many fun memories with you! My favorite was helping you with the One Hundred Poems tournament! That was super fun~!
Hagumi: Even after becoming a college student, feel free to drop by anytime and have some of our croquettes!
Misaki: Aya-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Misaki: I can't forget the zombie prank you did when I went to watch that zombie movie together with Rimi and everyone... That was scary...
Misaki: Please be my wonderful senior from now on, too, even after you start going to college.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Aya-senpai~! Congratulations on graduating~!
Ako: I had so much fun playing with you at the beach! Let's go swimming again~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Do I really have to do this? ... Sigh, whatever.
CHU² (Chiyu): Aya, congrats on graduating. Although Pastel＊Palettes's music is different from RAS's, you have a singing voice that captivates people.
CHU² (Chiyu): RAS will keep evolving as the greatest band out there. If you don't want to be destroyed by us, you'll want to work on that innate charm you have.
LAYER (Rei): Maruyama-san. Congratulations on graduating.
LAYER (Rei): Whenever I watched your concerts, I always thought you were so cute. I can understand why your fans want to support you.
LAYER (Rei): Managing college and band activities will surely be tough, but please keep helping everyone dream.
LOCK (Rokka): Aya-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): During Pastel＊Palettes concerts, you're always so dazzling and so generous when it comes to trying to please your fans...! Just watching you all fills me with joy!
LOCK (Rokka): I'll go to your concert again with PAREO-san and everyone! I'm looking forward to your performance!
MASKING (Masuki): Aya-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): Whenever I watch Pastel＊Palettes's shows, I always think about how super cute you are.
MASKING (Masuki): I'm sure we'll have another chance to meet up for festivals or somethin', so I'll see ya again soon!
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan...! I-I would like to offer my congratulations to you on your g-graduation...!
PAREO (Reona): I feel unworthy of having been given this opportunity, but I also find myself experiencing an overload of happiness...! Umm... I... I...!
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan! From now on and forever, I shall continue to support your light! Thank you so much for granting us so many dreams and so much courage!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: A-Aya-san, congratulations on graduating.
Mashiro: When you're singing on stage, it's like this soft and gentle feeling spreads everywhere...
Mashiro: I know I can't do it like you do, but... I will keep trying to learn how to sing in a way that makes as many people as possible feel happy they came to our concert.
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: When we went flower-viewing, you taught me about what's important for the leader of a band. Thank you very much!
Tsukushi: I'll do my best to become a dependable leader that can guide the band, just like you!
Nanami: Aya-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Nanami: I read a magazine interview the other day where you said you were scared of ghosts.
Nanami: There are tons of non-scary ghosts, though, so I'll tell you all about them next time.
Toko: Aya-san, congrats on graduating!
Toko: Whenever you're performing on stage, you're like the most dazzling person ever! I respect you a lot!
Toko: Please teach me how to shine on stage like you! Oh, and we should totally take a photo booth picture next time~!
Rui: Maruyama-san, I congratulate you on graduating.
Rui: Thank you for your help during the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!
Rui: Please continue to look after Morfonica.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Aya-san, congratulations on graduating!
Eve: Whether it is for Pastel＊Palettes or school, you have always taken care of me... so much... Sniff...
Eve: Sob... Aya-saaan~! I love you~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Buds Opening Everywhere>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Riverside]

Aya: Hmm~, this angle looks good~... but this one is better~...
Aya: Oh, {{userName}}-san, hello!
Aya: Yeah, I was taking a picture of this sakura tree!
Aya: It hasn't bloomed yet, but the buds are opening. Look, over here too...
Aya: It'll bloom a bit late compared to the other sakura trees, but that's what makes me want to cheer it on even more...
Aya: I'm sure it'll fully bloom by the time the entrance ceremony starts...
Aya: By the way, I saw the board with messages for the graduating students!
Aya: Seeing your lovely message made me really happy!
Aya: Oh yeah, I took a photo of the board as a keepsake... Look, if I zoom in like this~... I can see everybody's messages clearly!
Aya: I took some other photos too... This is a photo of me and Chisato-chan in front of the school gate, and this one is me and Eve-chan in the school hallway! And this is...
Aya: Huh? How many photos did I take, you ask?
Aya: Good question... Umm... Around 200, I think? Oh, but if I add the photos from the party we had at CiRCLE to this folder, there might be even more!
Aya: ... Fufu, everyone has such great expressions in all these photos. Crying, laughing...
Aya: ... When I first enrolled at Hanasakigawa, I never could have imagined that I'd graduate feeling this way...
Aya: Oh, umm... In my first year, I was still a trainee... Most of my classmates didn't know I was aiming to become an idol.
Aya: I couldn't really bring myself to say it...
Aya: But once I was able to become a member of Pastel＊Palettes, I started being able to proudly say I was doing idol work.
Aya: I don't think it was because I actually became an idol... but rather, it was spending time with the other Pastel＊Palettes members that made me confident.
Aya: And I made a lot of friends in class too... We made a lot of good memories together.
Aya: I had such a fulfilling high school life! I did everything I wanted to do...! From the bottom of my heart, I'm really grateful I was a Hanasakigawa student.
Aya: That's why I wanna proudly tell my fans that I'm a Hanasakigawa graduate!
Aya: ... Huh? It's not good for idols to share their school name...? Hmm, I think it's fine~. I'll ask Chisato-chan about it though.
Aya: ... But when I think about how I won't see everyone as much anymore despite how close we've become... Sniff...
Aya: Oh, thank you... for the handkerchief...
Aya: ... Huh? Graduating isn't just a sad thing...?
Aya: You're right... The end of high school life means the beginning of a new chapter... The curtain's going to rise on a new stage.
Aya: It'd be great if I could become a better version of myself, even if it's just a bit, on that new stage and meet everyone again!
Aya: I'm feeling a little better now! Thank you so much, {{userName}}-san!
Aya: As a Hanasakigawa graduate, I'll walk toward the future with a  smile on my face. That's the best way for me to repay the school!
Aya: Alright~, I'll keep doing my best~!
Aya: Oh, yeah! While we're here, can I take a photo of you? These sakura buds can be in the background...
Aya: You're one of the people who brought color into my high school life, after all!
Aya: Thank you so much!
Aya: I'll take the photo now~... Say cheese!
(White cut)
