1705_Aya Maruyama_R5 Enjoying☆College Life

Gacha phrase: It feels like so much is changing!

<As the Idol Aya Maruyama>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Campus Street]

Aya: Oh wow~! Chisato-chan, look, look! The cake at this café looks sooo good!
Aya: It's a limited-time-only strawberry Swiss roll! It has strawberry whipped cream filled with strawberries. This looks super yummy~♪
Chisato: The spring hyuganatsu citrus tart looks good too. Want to go to this café?
Aya: Sure! Ah, but the special melon soda at the café we just passed looked yummy too~. Hmm~, I can't choose~.
Chisato: We have time before the next class, so you can take your time to decide.
Aya: Ohh~... Thank you.
Aya: It's kind of nice to have enough free time between classes to go for tea and cake.
Aya: This is cool. I feel so grown up~♪
Chisato: Fufu, you look so happy. Compared to being in high school, we definitely have more freedom now.
Chisato: I think being able to leisurely enjoy a cup of tea on a nice early afternoon like this is one of the privileges of being a college student.
Aya: I agree. There are so many new things to experience as college students... Every day is so much fun!
Chisato: But even if we have more freedom in college, we still need to act responsibly.
Aya: Of course we do! Becoming a college student has made me realize something!
Chisato: It has?
Aya: There are more students at a college than at a high school, right? So more people are going to see you even if you don't notice them.
Aya: Many more people will see me as an idol first before they see me as a college student...
Aya: So from now on, as an idol who's also a college student, I'll need to be even more careful of how I act...
Aya: I guess it's like what you said about being... a professional. But there are still a bunch of things I need to get better at.
Chisato: Even if some things don't go as you hope now, if you keep learning how to carry yourself better little by little, you'll be fine.
Aya: I think you're right. Okay, I'm going to do my best!
Chisato: By the way... did you have any trouble choosing your classes? You signed up for the core courses you need, right?
Aya: I-I'm probably alright! I triple-checked all my classes!
Aya: But if I pick the wrong classes and don't get enough credits, I could end up repeating a year... Just thinking about that gives me goosebumps~!
Chisato: Fufu. If that happened, you'd become a year behind me.
Aya: What?! You'd be my upperclassman?!
Aya: You definitely have more experience than me as an entertainer, but... Ohh~, that might be weird~...
Chisato: Don't be afraid to ask your seniors for help, Maruyama-san.
Aya: M-Maruyama-san...? I don't like that. You make it sound like we're strangers~.
Chisato: Fufu, I'm only teasing you. Seriously, though, let's both work hard so neither of us has to repeat a year.
Aya: I feel so much more confident when we're together~. Alright, I'm going to sit at the front of all my other classes too!
Chisato: Good. That's the spirit.
Aya: Thanks! Right now, I'm feeling more and more excited to do my very best!
Aya: You are too, right?
Chisato: Yes, I feel the same way. I have a new sense of determination, and feel like I can rise to any challenge.
Chisato: I'm sure everyone in Pastel＊Palettes feels similarly.
Chisato: Lately, it seems like Hina-chan, Maya-chan, and Eve-chan are really motivated.
Aya: They are, aren't they?!
Aya: Seeing them so ready to do their best makes me want to work just as hard at what I do, no matter how small a thing it might be.
Chisato: Fufu, that's great. I'll have to do my best too, so I can keep up with you.
Aya: ... I kind of like how all of us are getting more and more excited to push ourselves like never before.
Aya: I feel like we can do anything... If we can keep working like this, I think Pastel＊Palettes will shine even brighter as idols!
Chisato: So do I. Let's give our all together to reach that next level as idols.
Chisato: Hrm...? It's Kanon. Please give me a minute.
Chisato: Hello? ... Yes, I'm with Aya-chan now... Really? Okay.
Chisato: Kanon just finished her class. Would it be alright if I invited her to join us?
Aya: Of course it'd be alright!
Chisato: Thank you. Kanon, can you come to Campus Street? ... Yeah. Okay.
Aya: Will she be able to find us? I think she's still learning her way around this area. Maybe we should go pick her up.
Chisato: Well, she said she'd do her best to get here, but going to her seems like it could be a good idea.
Aya: Ah, I know! If Kanon-chan is coming to us, then we should probably choose a café.
Chisato: Good point. Then, maybe I'll let you choose.
Aya: Well~... I'm not sure, but... Okay, how about we go to this café with all the seasonal cakes?
Chisato: Okay. I'm sure Kanon will love it.
Aya: ... Fufu, maybe we'll start hanging out like this between classes from now on.
Chisato: It's possible. I'm sure we have a lot of new things to look forward to... I hope we can enjoy them together.
Aya: Chisato-chan... I hope so too♪


<Even People Who Aren’t Fans>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Edogawa Music]

Aya: Hmm... Maybe it'll be here...
Marina: Aya-chan, hi.
Aya: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hi~. Are you out shopping?
Marina: Yep. How about you? It looks like you're trying to find something.
Aya: Well, there's a new magazine out with a piece on Pastel＊Palettes... I heard this store made a special corner for it, so I came to see that.
Marina: Wow, really? Being featured in a magazine is amazing. Way to go!
Aya: Ehehe, thank you.
Marina: Ah, look. That's the special corner for Pastel＊Palettes over there, isn't it?
Aya: You're right! They even made a cute sign! I have to get a picture of this and send it to the others!
Marina: I'm glad we found it. By the way, how do you like being a college student? Have you gotten used to things?
Aya: Every day is so different than when I was a high school student... I'm having so much fun!
Marina: Really? That's great.
Aya: But... I also feel like a lot more eyes are on me now than when I was a high school student.
Aya: So even when I'm on campus, I know that I'm seen as Pastel＊Palettes's Aya Maruyama and need to act more professionally than ever before!
Marina: There certainly are a lot of people at colleges, and many of them don't know each other. It's amazing you think about things like that.
Aya: Ehehe... Some things are a challenge, though. I'm still not used to ninety-minute classes. I start dozing off halfway through...
Aya: And I get lost on campus and burst into my classes literally seconds before they start.
Marina: Mmmhm, I understand. When you're in a new place, there's a lot to get used to in the beginning.
Aya: There is... But since I am experiencing so many new things, I think that's why I have to try harder than ever before to be at my best.
Aya: Of course this goes for our fans, but I also want people who don't know Pastel＊Palettes to see me and get a good impression.
Aya: Ah, that's not all, though. Now that I'm a college student, I want to enjoy college life as much as I can!
Marina: And you should. I know you've got a lot going on in your new life, but hang in there. We're rooting for you!
Aya: Thank you! It's almost time for me to start practicing, so I have to run now.
Marina: Got it. Work hard!
Aya: I will! Thank you!
