1786_Aya Maruyama_R5 Overcome

Gacha phrase: Be conscious of every part of my body... And keep my eyes on the audience...

<Always Shining>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Hello~! I'm back!
Staff: Oh, Maya-san. Right, you had a solo job. Welcome back!
Maya: Thank you very much! Has anyone else come in today?
Staff: Aya-san's here. She came in earlier and said she was going to use one of the rehearsal studios.
Maya: Aya-san came in...? I could've sworn she said it was her day off...
Maya: (It hasn't even been that long since she passed Nao-san's test... Could she be practicing too hard again...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: Hmm~... Looks like I was right. I felt the start of the song was kinda difficult, and it showed on my face during rehearsals the other day~... Better make a note.
Maya: Aya-san! Please don't over-... Huh?
Aya: Hey, Maya-chan! Wait, did I make you worry...?!
Maya: It's my fault. I thought you were practicing... You've been pushing yourself so hard lately that I thought you were at it again...
Aya: Thanks for trying to look out for me...! I wrapped things up early today though. Right now, I'm just going through a video.
Maya: Oh, I see. Don't you think you deserve a little rest though...? It hasn't been all that long since Nao-san's test...
Aya: Not really, now just doesn't feel like the right time. I've noticed so many things in this recording that I need to work on.
Aya: ... Just look at my face here. Don't I look like I'm trying way too hard? I'm so tense that it doesn't seem like I'm even having any fun.
Maya: Th-that's a completely normal response! Any other person would've been just as desperate and nervous if they had been told they were being swapped out!
Maya: ... This may not be something I should be saying...
Maya: But I still haven't come to terms with the brute force approach that was used to try to get you to overcome your limits...
Aya: Fufu, yeah. If I have to keep going through something like that repeatedly, I think it might be too much to handle, even for me!
Aya: Looking back, though, I kind of see the point Nao-san was trying to make.
Maya: You do...?
Aya: ... When she said my performance was unexciting, it hit me.
Aya: Ever since debuting as a member of Pastel＊Palettes, I think I've always given my best and worked hard in my own way.
Aya: But compared to my idol trainee days when I had no idea if I would even debut...
Aya: It did make me wonder if maybe I'd gotten a bit too comfortable lately with how stable and familiar things are...
Maya: I-I'm not sure I agree...
Aya: I mean, I know we've been through a lot, but we've never had to deal with one of us possibly being swapped out before, right?
Maya: Of course we haven't! The five of us are what makes Pastel＊Palettes Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: I feel the same way. We'll always be together, and so long as we are, there's nothing we can't overcome.
Aya: That's how we've built the trust we have. What I think Nao-san did was warn us before that trust turned into complacency.
Aya: If she hadn't said what she did, something irreparable might've happened eventually. That's why I'm actually grateful to her.
Maya: Aya-san...
Maya: ... You really are strong.
Aya: Huh? I-I am?
Maya: Yes. You're strong and amazing. No matter what the situation, you can find hope... You really are the best idol!
Aya: I-I think you're giving me too much credit~...!
Maya: I'm so inspired after hearing what you had to say...! I feel like I'll be able to work even harder during tomorrow's rehearsal!
Aya: That's great! Let's do our best together!
Aya: Oh, hey! During tomorrow's rehearsal, I'm thinking of asking everyone for advice!
Maya: Advice? What about?
Aya: The street performance the other day was a new experience that really helped me grow, right?
Maya: Yes, I'd certainly say so...?
Aya: So I thought to myself that if I can experience more new things, I'll be able to grow even more. That's why I made a list of challenges I want to take on!
Maya: I see... That's a great idea! I'd like to grow more too!
Aya: Right? I'm thinking if there's anything on this list that interests you, we can do it together!
Maya: Do you mind if I take a look...? Huh?!
Aya: Well? See anything interesting?
Maya: Hyper-speed performance challenge! (Start with five times faster?) "Underwater diving pool concert!" "Handstands together! Acrobatic concert!"
Maya: Aya-san... This list... Fufu...
Aya: Wh-what?! Why are you laughing?!
Maya: I'm not sure these qualify as taking on challenges...!
Aya: Really?! But I listed things I've never done before that seemed difficult...
Maya: Uh... you see... Well, anyway, one thing's become clear to me.
Maya: Even if Pastel＊Palettes does end up changing... I hope this side of you never does!
Aya: ... Hmm? I don't get it. This side of me...?
Aya: What side of me are you talking about~?!
Maya: Huhehe! The side you're showing right now!
Aya: Maya-chan~, what do you mean~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<If You Ever Get Stuck>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hm? That girl over there... Aya-chan~!
Aya: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hey. Let me guess. On the way home from work?
Aya: Yeah. I had a shoot and interview to take care of from morning!
Marina: I see. Now that the TIS has started, I'm guessing you'll only be getting busier.
Marina: Oh, by the way, congratulations on making it to the next round! All I did was watch, but it was really exciting!
Aya: Oh... I see! Thank you!
Aya: ...
Marina: ... Is something wrong? You don't seem too happy.
Aya: Huh?! Oh, no, I am happy, like, really happy we made it through the first round!
Aya: But... it was only just barely, and our rivals are all such incredible people... Also...
Marina: ... I take it that whole threat of being removed as the vocalist is putting a damper on your mood.
Aya: Ngh... Yeah, actually...
Aya: I did manage to get the decision to swap me out reversed, and we did get through the first round...
Aya: But the idea of being replaced and the threat of everything I've done going to waste was just really scary.
Marina: I bet it was. Suddenly being told something like that would scare anyone.
Aya: Oh, I'm sure Nao-san had her reasons, though, and I get that it was on me for being unable to deliver a better performance.
Aya: It's all been such an eye-opening experience... I never knew just how big the TIS was... or just how imperfect I am...
Aya: I've always believed in doing my best, but now I know that I'm going to have to work even harder.
Marina: I know so little about the entertainment industry that I can't really offer advice that isn't kind of generic...
Marina: That said, if you ever get stuck, try to remember how it all started for you.
Aya: How it all started...
Marina: It's not like things will magically work out if you do. That's just not the kind of world you're in. So long as you're an idol or in a band, though, I think it'll come in handy.
Aya: Marina-san... Thank you very much...
Aya: I'm starting to feel a lot better after talking to both of you!
Marina: Great. If you ever need to talk, we'll always be available, okay?
Aya: Thank you! I might take you up on that offer!
Marina: Fufu, sure thing!
Aya: First things first though! We need to get ready for the second round of the TIS! I hope you'll continue to wish us the best!
