1915_Aya Maruyama_R4 Familiar with These Tears

Gacha phrase: It's hard when your feelings don't get through to someone…..

<Just Like Gasoline>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Reona Nyubara)

[In front of the station]

Aya: (If I get on the train now… I can reach the agency a bit earlier than usual.)
Aya: (I'll have some time before practice starts, maybe I'll do some stretching or something.)
???: Aaaaa- Aya-chan!?!?
Aya: Huh!?
PAREO (Reona): Woah no way~~! It really is Aya-chan~~!
Aya: Wha- Pareo-chan~! It's been a while!
PAREO (Reona): Ohhh yes it's been a while~! Running into Aya-chan in a place like this fills me with joy, it's overwhelming!
PAREO (Reona): Oh right! Congrats on making it to the third round of TIS!!
Aya: You were watching? Thank you!
PAREO (Reona): Of course! There's no way I would miss it~~!
PAREO (Reona): I already couldn't tear my eyes away during the first round, but the second round was even better! It felt like everyone's skill had improved dramatically…!
PAREO (Reona): A wonderful heart-pounding performance coupled with Aya-chan's angelic singing voice… Saying that the performance was many times more powerful is putting it lightly!
PAREO (Reona): And on top of that, you didn't forget to give fan service to the audience even while performing under such complicated staging... Truly a model for all idols…!
PAREO (Reona): Aaahhh~~ Just remembering it brings tears to my eyes…! Man… I couldn't see the screen through my tears…! It was truly amazing…!
Aya: I see, so you noticed even such tiny details. It's a bit embarrassing… but hearing that makes me really happy!
Aya: Thank you, Pareo-chan. I'll keep doing my best from now on too!
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan…!
PAREO (Reona): Uhm… I don't think it's my place to say this but…
PAREO (Reona): Honestly, I was heartbroken when Nao-san announced that she was going to change vocalists…
PAREO (Reona): I was really frustrated… and very angry…
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan is the only vocalist in Pastel✽Palettes, so to even consider replacing you, that Nao-san knows absolutely nothing…!
Aya: Pareo-chan…
PAREO (Reona): … But now that the second round has ended, I feel like I understand what Nao-san was thinking.
PAREO (Reona): That one comment from Nao-san let me see Aya-chan evolve into a singer on a different level.
PAREO (Reona): But then, even if that was the case…! As a fan, I still think there must have been a better way to handle this…!
Aya: You must have been really worried about me, I'm sorry.
PAREO (Reona): Aaahh!! S- Sorry! It's not like I wanted an apology from you or anything!
PAREO (Reona): Aaaahhh that was really crossing the line for me! I'm not fit to be a fan…! It really wasn't my place to say… I'm truly sorry…!
Aya: No, it's true that I wasn't strong enough at that time. And rather, I'm g;ad that you're able to express your feelings to me like this.
Aya: In fact, I'm realizing again now, that there are fans like you out there who are so passionately supporting us.
PAREO (Reona): A- Aya-chan…!
PAREO (Reona): I believe that Pastel✽Palettes will win this competition!
PAREO (Reona): Until the day that Pastel✽Palettes steps onto the stage at Budokan… No, even after you all do, I will still continue supporting Pastel✽Palettes forever and ever for the rest of my life!!
Aya: …
Aya: (We have fans who are able to express their feelings so honestly…)
Aya: (To "shoulder expectations" means to bear the weight of such passionate feelings from everyone.)
Aya: (Nao-san was worried about that for us… but I…)
PAREO (Reona): … Ah! So- Sorry, I've been talking your ear off!
PAREO (Reona): Whenever I'm in front of Aya-chan, it really fills me with emotion… I'm sure you're troubled by all these heavy emotions from me. Ahhh I'm such an idiot!
Aya: Hey, Pareo-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Y- Yes? What is it?
Aya: I feel really glad that I became an idol. I truly feel lucky.
Aya: Pareo-chan's words really fill me with such energy. So they're not heavy at all.
PAREO (Reona): R- Really?
Aya: Yes! Your feelings, and those of all my fans, are practically fuel for me!
Aya: I feel like I can take on any amount of training right now!
PAREO (Reona): A- Aya-chan…! Being able to be your strength makes me incredibly happy!!
Aya: Thank you so much! Ah, it's almost time for practice for me, so I'll be heading off alright?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Please do your best!
Aya: Yep! I'll see you around…
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan…?
Aya: I'll be certain to make you even more crazy about us! Look forward to it, Pareo-chan!
PAREO (Reona): A- Aya-chan~~~!! I'll follow you even if it kills me~~~!!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Way We Are>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Marina: Oh, Aya-chan, good work on the self-practice. How did it go?
Aya: Thanks, it went perfectly!
Marina: That's good to hear. Though, it's unusual for you to be using our practice studios.
Aya: The agency's studios were full up today… Thankfully there were still slots over here at CiRCLE!
Marina: That said, you're really  going hard at it to be here until this late. Is it all preparations for the third round?
Aya: Yes. We somehow made it to the third round, but the battles from here on out will be even more intense than before…
Aya: I have to get better so that we can keep advancing in the summit, so I have to do what I can to level up my skills.
Marina: I see. Well all we can do is rent you the studio, but we're rooting for you and Pastel✽Palettes!
Aya: Thank you very much! Hehe… I hope to live up to your expectations too.
Marina: Expectations?
Aya: Yes! We recently decided that we would shoulder the feelings and expectations of everyone rooting for us, and bring them with us to victory.
Marina: Is that so? Hehe, that makes me happy. Did something happen to cause such a resolution?
Aya: Yes… We actually had a junior idol group at our agency which also participated in TIS, but lost in the second round…
Marina: ViVidCanvas, was it? They put on a great performance, such a shame...
Aya: … Yes. ViVidCanvas had the same dream of performing at Budokan just like us. They worked so hard for it, but their dream has ended without fulfilment…
Aya: So all of us in Pastel✽Palettes decided that we would carry ViVidCanvas' dream along with us to victory!
Marina: I see I see. I'm sure the girls of ViVidCanvas would be very happy to hear your decision.
Aya: That would make us happy too.
Aya: … It's just, that ended up causing a bit of a fight with our producer over it…
Aya: She said that the expectations of people around us are only burdens, and we didn't need to shoulder them.
Marina: Huh, really? Did things end up okay…?
Aya: Oh, yes! We talked it over properly, and resolved it. In the end, she came to understand how we felt.
Marina: I see, that's good to hear.
Aya: … I think our producer was also just worried about us. She didn't want us to be crushed by others' expectations, and end up paralyzed by those feelings.
Aya: But in the end, we want to carry the feelings of ViVidCanvas and everyone who supports us… No matter what happens. We believe that's what truly makes us Pastel✽Palettes.
Aya: And in order to realize that vision, I have to get even better as an idol!
Marina: Yeah, if it's Aya-chan, you definitely can do it. I'm looking forward to what becomes of Pastel✽Palettes next!
Aya: Yes! We're counting on your support!
