1924_Aya Maruyama_R5 Sweeeet Bon Appétit

Gacha phrase: Actually, I've already decided. The person is --

<＃Aya's Special Recipe♡ Pt. 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: Is it about time ......?
Chisato: Yes, the staff told me it would be up at 12:00, so I think it'll be soon, but ......
Hina: Oh, the video is up!
Eve: Wow! Aya-san's face is the thumbnail!
Maya: I can't believe she was chosen as the Valentine Girl for Mate Confectionery. That's as good as I expected, Aya-san!
Chisato: Aya-chan was very surprised when she heard about the video streaming offer.
Eve: A PR representative saw how skillful she was at making chocolates for "Tanobara TV" and gave her an offer!
Eve: I'm really looking forward to seeing Aya-san in action!
Maya: Yes, me too! Let's watch it soon!
Hina: Well, I'll play it right away, okay? Start ......!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Filming Studio]

Aya: Always vibrant with shining color, I'm Pastel✽Palettes' pretty pink charm, Aya Maruyama!
Aya: Today, I'd like to try my hand at "Anyone can do it easily! Making Valentine's Day chocolates!"
Film Staff: Aya-san, I'm looking forward to working with you! What kind of chocolate are you going to make?
Aya: This time, I'd like to make cube truffles!
Aya: Truffle chocolate is very delicious, isn't it? It melts in your mouth and is so sweet. ......
Aya: But it seems like it's difficult to form it into a round shape, or hard to make... I'm sure there are a lot of people who have never made it.
Aya: I'm going to show you a recipe for making such truffles in a very easy way!
Aya: And even beginners can do it!
Hina: Hahaha, Aya-chan didn't blow her lines! That's amazing~!
Chisato: As I recall, this recipe itself was also Aya-chan's idea!
Eve: Yes! Aya-san was seriously choosing what kind of recipe would be easy for everyone to try!
Aya: First of all, here are the only three ingredients...... Mate Confectionery's Milk chocolate, whipped cream, and 100% cocoa powder!
Aya: Can we really make delicious truffles with these three ingredients?
Aya: First of all, let's melt 100 grams of milk chocolate!
Aya: We're going to melt milk chocolate using hot water, but do not use boiling water!
Aya: If the chocolate gets too hot, the flavor will be lost. So, please use hot water adjusted to 50 to 55 degrees Celsius.
Chisato: Hmmm, Aya-chan, she even showed off tips on warming in hot water. Only she could do that!
Eve: Her explanation is very detailed and I can feel Aya-san's kindness!
Hina: But isn't she a little nervous? I wonder if she's okay.
Aya: When making hot water, use a thermometer ...... Wow!
Maya: Oh, the thermometer is in the hot water ......!
Eve: The hot water splashed on it, though... Aya-san, is she okay!?
Aya: Wow, I'm sorry!
Chisato: Oh ...... it looks like she didn't get burned. Thank goodness!
Aya: Ah! The chocolate is ...... thank goodness, it's safe! Everyone, please don't put hot or cold water into the chocolate!
Aya: If hot or cold water gets into it, the chocolate will be separated and become uneven.
Hina: Oh! She's successfully connected this to useful trivia! Good job, Aya-chan.
Eve: Nice recovery!
Aya: When you use hot water, make sure the heat is evenly distributed. Mix well with a rubber spatula.
Aya: Make sure to mix it gently so that no air gets into the mixture. I feel happy while doing this and I often hum.
Film Staff: Pastel✽Palettes' songs?
Aya: Hehehe, yes! I thought I sang pretty well in my practice yesterday.
Aya: On the other hand, I felt I still had a lot of practice to do over here!
Aya: The other day at practice, when I had a little bit of dryness in my throat, Chisato-chan gave me some delicious throat lozenges ......
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan. You don't need to talk about me.
Film Staff: Pastel✽Palettes members really get along well with each other.
Aya: Yes, ...... Oh! Maybe it's about time for the chocolate.
Aya: Again, do not overheat. The tip for good taste is not to warm it in the hot water for too long!
Aya: Then add the whipped cream to the chocolate. ...... Mix well and pour into a small rectangular vat!
Aya: Once poured into the container, lightly tap it to release the air. Once flattened, chill in the fridge until firm.
(Black cut)
Aya: Yes, so I chilled it for about an hour! How does the chocolate look? I'm so excited!
Aya: Wow, it's hardened beautifully! Cut them into squares and sprinkle with cocoa powder at the end. ......The cube truffles are ready!
Aya: Now, let's try it right away! ...... Mmmm, delicious!
Aya: How about yours?  Did you all enjoy your truffles, too?
Film Staff: They look cute too.  Aya-san, is there anyone you want to give this chocolate to?
Aya: The person I'd like to give this chocolate to ......
Aya: Yes, actually, I have already decided. And it's----
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<＃Aya's Special Recipe♡ Pt. 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Filming Studio]

Aya: The person I'd like to give chocolate to…... is everyone in Pastel✽Palettes!
Aya: Everyone in Pastel✽Palettes has really helped me all the time and ......
Aya: Chisato-chan has always got it together, and if I get wrong, she always points it out to me.
Aya: Sometimes I think she's too strict on me, but if it wasn't for Chisato-chan, I wouldn't be who I am today.
Aya: Hina-chan always does her best to enjoy what's in front of her...,
Aya: She has a very free way of thinking, and she always surprises us and gives us new ideas.
Aya: Maya-chan is straight-forward in what she loves, she knows a lot of things that I don't know. ......She is a hard worker teaching me a variety of things.
Aya: Eve-chan is always cheerful, kind and caring for her friends. She always gives me energy and reassurance.
Aya: There are so many people I want to express my gratitude and love for......
Aya: I want to convey how I feel to everyone who is always with me. That's why I want everyone in Pastel✽Palettes to eat it first!
Film Staff: Thank you very much. I could really feel how close everyone in Pastel✽Palettes is!
Aya: Ehehehe...... I'm kind of embarrassed, but thank you very much!
Aya: Well then, everyone! Try to give chocolates to your loved ones. If you put your heart and soul into it, I'm sure they'll understand!
Aya: Thank you all for watching! This is Aya Maruyama from Pastel✽Palettes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Eve & Hina & Maya & Chisato: …………
Eve: Aya-san ......!
Chisato: Aya-chan, that's how you thought of us.
Maya: Hehehe.....I'm so happy to hear her put it into words like this～
Hina: Yeah, yeah. You usually don't get the chance to hear such things, it's boppin'!♪
Aya: Sorry to have kept you waiting, everyone. Sorry, my university lecture took a long time!
Hina: Ah, Aya-chan!
Chisato: Oh, good work, Aya-chan.
Aya: Many thanks! What's up with your smiling face, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Hehe…...
Aya: What is it? Everyone is smiling too, were you doing something?
Hina: We were just watching Aya-chan's video of making chocolate.
Aya: Oh, you watched it already? Isn't that fast!?
Chisato: We've been waiting since 5 minutes before the stream started.
Aya: Wow, I see....... That means you've already watched the last bit...... right?
Eve: Yes, we did! I was..... thrilled that Aya-san felt that way!
Aya: Ugh, I knew you'd all see it at some point....... But I'm still embarrassed~!
Aya: Well then, I'm sure everyone has already guessed but......
Aya: Here it is! Valentine's Day chocolate from me!
Aya: Thanks for everything, everyone. Keep up the good work from now on!
Maya: I, too, thank you for everything! Aya-san, I've learned a lot from you as an idol.
Chisato: Yes, you're right, Maya-chan. I also look forward to working with you, Aya-chan.
Eve: I, too, will continue to devote my efforts!
Hina: Hey, I can't wait to eat your chocolates, Aya-chan!
Aya: Haha, you're the same as usual, Hina-chan! Of course, eat, eat!
Aya: I wanted everyone to be happy, so I did my best to make it. There are a lot of them!
Eve: Let's eat! Wow, we saw them in the video, but they truly are perfectly shaped cubes of chocolate!
Chisato: It melts smoothly in my mouth and has just the right amount of sweetness.
Maya: I was surprised to see your video that you can make such delicious chocolate with only 3 ingredients.
Aya: Yeah, it's so simple, isn't it? It's easy and you can make a lot. Let's make it together sometime!
Eve: Wow, it's wonderful! Please teach us how!
Chisato: I know it's an easy recipe to make a lot of it...... Even so, you made quite a lot.
Maya: Right. It's twice, no, three times as much chocolate as the one you were making in the video earlier......
Aya: What? Oh, hahaha, is that so? Maybe it's just your imagination~!
Hina: Hey, Aya-chan, how many times did you retake the video?
Aya: W-well, I didn't retake s-so many times! Maybe about… 3 times…
Hina: Haha, I knew it! That's why there are so many chocolates!
Maya: I see, so that's why.
Aya: I-it's good to be able to eat a lot!
Eve: Yes! That's how much heart and effort you put into making it!
Aya: Eve-chan......Thank you〜!
Chisato: Oh, come on, Aya-chan…..Hehe.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
