2305_Aya Maruyama_R5 The Art of the Selfie ♡

Skill name: The Perfect Angle
Gacha phrase: Yeah, that's super cute!

<Giving It Our All in Overtime!>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shibuya - Downtown]

Aya: Today's shoot was so much fun! Eve-chan, and again, great work!
Eve: You too, Aya-san. Great work. I was so happy you produced my cuteness all day today!
Aya: Fufu, I hope lots of Eve-chan's cuteness reaches all the fans.
Eve: Yes! I can't wait to see it!
Aya: Oh, right. Eve-chan, do you have plans after this?
Eve: No, I'm just heading home.
Aya: Then why don't we make a quick stop somewhere? We hardly ever get the chance to be together like this.
Aya: How about that arcade by the station we all went to before?
Eve: An arcade...! Yes! I'd love to go with you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Arcade]

Eve: Aya-san, do you come to arcades often?
Aya: I used to stop by on my way home from school, but... I don't really go much lately.
Aya: I've got college assignments, plus all kinds of work.
Eve: That's true. After TIS ended, I've been getting more individual jobs too.
Aya: Thanks to that, I’ve been getting stopped by fans a lot more—
Aya: Huh?! If two idols are hanging out here together, people might notice and it’ll turn into a huge scene?!
Eve: It’s okay! Everyone’s so into their games, it doesn’t look like they’re paying us any mind!
Aya: O-oh... right...
Eve: Ah!! Aya-san, look!!
Aya: What is it?! Don’t tell me... fans waiting for autographs?!
Eve: No, it’s just that this crane game plushie is sooo cute...!!
Aya: Oh, come on~
Aya: But you’re right. A teddy bear dressed like a samurai is pretty adorable. Is it a new fluffy mascot?
Eve: I’m not sure... but it looks like its name is "Kuma Samurai." It has such a dignified air... I suspect it’s no ordinary bear...!
Aya: Fufu. Eve-chan, you’ve totally fallen for "Kuma Samurai," haven’t you? Wanna try the crane game?
Eve: Yes!
Aya: Alright! Leave the guiding to me!
Eve: Then... let us begin!
Aya: A little more to the right... and just a bit farther back!
Eve: Yes! Got it... Right here!
Eve: Ah... It didn't budge at all...
Aya: I thought it was in a good spot...
Aya: Oh, right! I saw some crane game tips on social media once!
Eve: Tips for a crane game?
Aya: Yep yep... Oh, here, this video.
Eve & Aya: Ooh...
Eve: In the video, they said the plushie's center of gravity is what matters, right?
Aya: Yeah. So instead of aiming for the middle like we just did, it might be better to aim for Kuma Samurai's head!
Eve: I see! I'll try it!
Eve: Center of gravity... at this angle... Aim for Kuma Samurai's head...!
Eve: ...! I got it!!
Aya: You did it! Eve-chan!
Eve: Thanks to you, Aya-san, my home has gained another family treasure!
Aya: Fufu, I'm glad I could help, Eve-chan. What should we do next? Wanna play the crane game a little more?
Eve: No, next we should do what you want to do, Aya-san!
Aya: Thanks. Hmm, what should I do~...?
Aya: Oh, there's a new photo booth machine! Man, this takes me back~. We took some with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes before, right?
Eve: Yes! I remember your guidance from back then really well, Aya-san!
Eve: How to pose to make your face look smaller, and how to hide your facial outline... I even used those tips when I took some with my classmates!
Aya: Photo booths are all about who can look the cutest, after all!
Eve: ...!
Aya: What's wrong?
Eve: No, it's just... I felt it during today's shoot too, but you really face "cute" with complete sincerity, Aya-san.
Aya: Ehehe, do I? I hope I can be like that~.
Eve: Wanting to look better... and cuter... is essential for an idol. You never neglect that effort, Aya-san. You're truly an idol to aspire to!
Aya: Eve-chan... Thank you! If you're gonna say that, then we've gotta take the cutest photo booth pictures ever!
Eve: Yes! I'm counting on you!
Aya: Today's shoot was for all our fans, but let's make these pictures a memory that's just for the two of us♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<For My Beloved Friends>

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

[Café]

Marina: Hey, hey, isn't that... on the cafe terrace...?
Marina: Oh, yep, it's Aya-chan.
Aya: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi there!
Marina: Hi. You were staring at your phone pretty seriously. What were you looking at?
Aya: I was organizing my photo data! The other day, when I did an on-location shoot around town with Eve-chan, we took tons of photos.
Marina: Fufu, sounds like you've got a lot of wonderful shots.
Aya: Yes! I'm going to post them on social media when the timing's right, so please be sure to check them out!
Marina: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. If it was an on-location shoot around town, was it for work?
Aya: Yes. Actually, it was a shoot for Eve-chan's solo DVD, which is going on sale soon.
Marina: Eve-chan's solo DVD?! That's amazing!
Aya: It is! Depending on how well it sells, we're planning to make them for the other members too, and Eve-chan's the first one up.
Aya: And the concept is that the members bring out each other's charms.
Marina: I see. If everyone's getting actively involved, it probably makes you even more fired up.
Aya: Yes! To help everyone get to know Eve-chan's cuteness even better, we went all out and did all sorts of fun stuff around town!
Marina: Oh, I see. Sounds like it's going to turn into a really fun video.
Aya: Fufu, I think it’s definitely something Eve-chan’s fans will be happy with too!
Aya: It’d been a while since Eve-chan and I went out and did so many things together, but it was so fun I almost forgot it was work...
Marina: That just makes me even more excited to see the finished video.
Aya: Exactly. I’m already getting pumped just thinking about it!
Aya: Eve-chan was so honest about trying all sorts of things, and her reactions were hilarious... She was seriously adorable~!
Marina: Fufu, that’s one of Eve-chan’s charms, isn’t it? But I also think it’s amazing how you can bring out someone’s charm while having fun together, Aya-chan.
Aya: H-huh...?! Th-thank you so much!
Aya: But honestly, I really felt like I was able to bring out Eve-chan’s charm during this shoot!
Aya: And because of that, when it’s my turn to release a DVD, I want to do my best to make sure I can properly share my charm with the fans... and with everyone in Pastel＊Palettes too!
Aya: It’s just... I have so many things I want to do, I’m a little worried I won’t be able to pull it all together...
Marina: Sounds like it’ll be packed with content. I’m looking forward to your DVD too, Aya-chan.
Aya: Thank you!
Aya: Oh, it’s almost time for lessons! Thanks so much for listening to me!
Marina: No, thank you for the fun story. Good luck with practice!
