event210-05 Chapter 4: Searching for a Star

Rimi shares her thoughts upon hearing Saya's painful confession.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Rimi: Pant... Pant...! Saya-chan...!
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: You're not... going home...?
Saya: Yeah... It's not like I'd have anything to say even if I did...
Saya: ... Maybe I'll never be able to go back...
Rimi: Want to run away from home together then?
Saya: Huh?
Rimi: Fufu, I was just joking.
Saya: Ahaha, you freaked me out... I should've seen it though...
Saya: Sigh~... Sorry for dragging you into this mess.
Rimi: It's fine. Don't worry about it. It's rare for you to be struggling so much over something anyway.
Rimi: Besides, you're always such a big help... Why wouldn't I want to do what I can for you now?
Saya: ... You're really amazing, you know? Going to cram school and steadily building a foundation for your future...
Saya: Me, I haven't even decided anything about mine. I don't even have something I really want to do.
Saya: I thought my dad would be happy if I told him I wanted to take over the bakery...
Saya: It seemed like the best decision for my family too... But when he said I didn't have to, I didn't know what to do anymore...
Saya: It was like suddenly having the ground disappear beneath me... I had no idea just how scary it could be to suddenly lose something that's always been there...
Saya: I don't think I've ever been this afraid before...
Saya: So I've been trying to come up with alternatives to the bakery. I haven't been able to find anything that I feel confident doing or that I want to pursue though...
Saya: I feel so pathetic...
Rimi: Saya-chan...
Rimi: You know, I'm not amazing at all.
Rimi: I actually haven't figured anything out yet either.
Rimi: I don't have a vision of my future self or an idea of what I might be good at.
Rimi: That's why I'm still searching.
Saya: Searching...?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. I study and study... And sometimes, I almost see a faint light. Although it disappears, I keep searching in the hopes that there's something for me out there.
Rimi: My sister is someone who can stick to a path she believes in, but that's not something I can do, and I dislike that about myself...
Rimi: But if I keep searching... and facing the fact that I have nothing...
Rimi: I feel like I'll eventually find something I truly want to do.
Saya: Something you truly want to do...
Rimi: I think it's like that for everyone. All of us are walking along a dark path in search of a star that only we can see.
Rimi: Saya-chan. Do you really want to become a baker?
Saya: ... I don't know, I really don't know... I like helping out at the bakery, but...
Rimi: ...
Rimi: Saya-chan, I think that "but" is something you should pay more attention to.
Rimi: It's probably where your true answer lies...
Rimi: And maybe that "but" is also what your dad wanted you to pay more attention to.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya's Dad: Did you think it through properly before deciding you want to take over the bakery?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Oh...
Saya: ... I... I don't think I've been facing the issue properly...
Saya: I care about my family, but a part of me has been using them as an excuse and a refuge... so that I wouldn't have to look at what's beyond the "but."
Saya: I've been too afraid of going down these paths that lead into the unknown, and that's why I've avoided facing my true feelings.
Rimi: ... If you had to go along a dark path, what path would be the most exciting for you?
Saya: The most exciting path for me...
Saya: (What's beyond the "but" inside me... is probably...)
Kasumi: Saya!
Saya: Kasumi...?! Arisa, O-Tae...?! What are you all doing here...?
Kasumi: We got a message from Rimi-rin earlier saying you hadn't gone home yet...! Anyway, here, Saya!
Saya: This is...
Kasumi: Well... we took the memories we've had with you, the stuff we've experienced as a band, and the things we love, and wrote it all down on paper...!
Arisa: Kasumi took all that... and turned them into lyrics.
Saya: Lyrics...
Tae: She's been writing away ever since you left the basement.
Kasumi: It's not even a song yet, and it might not be much use right now... but we just really wanted to do something...!
Saya: Guys...
Tae: Saya, I know you can become even more free. I know because you wrote such amazing lyrics for CHiSPA's song.
Saya: ... These lyrics are still incomplete...
Kasumi: Sorry, we were in a hurry to bring them, so...!
Arisa: We were planning to message them to you once they were done, but when Kasumi heard you were at the park, she insisted on showing what we had...
Kasumi: There are a lot of blanks, and all the rewriting makes everything look messy, but there are still parts that you can read...
Saya: ... No, this is just perfect.
Arisa: Huh...?
Saya: (Through the blurry ink... crossed-out words... and the words that were rewritten countless times...)
Saya: (... I can feel everything.)
Saya: (These lyrics are brimming with everyone's feelings, and I can feel their feelings so clearly even though the lyrics are incomplete...)
Saya: (That's it. Things don't have to be complete. I have to share my thoughts.)
Saya: Fufu, thanks. I'm alright now though. Your feelings reached me. I'm going to go talk with my dad now.
Saya: I may not have a complete picture yet, but I'm going to be honest with him and tell him everything I feel.
Kasumi: Saya...!
Saya: And once this whole thing's over, let's work on the rest of the song... together!
Kasumi & Tae & Rimi & Arisa: Yeah!  Okay.
Saya: Alright, wish me luck!
(White cut)
