event210-07 Ending: A Name for This Sky Someday

On the way home from the conference, father and daughter have a heart-to-heart.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

[Monday]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Saya: We're up next.
Saya's Dad: Y-yeah...
Saya: Nervous?
Saya's Dad: Of course not. What gave you that idea?
Saya: Your tie's crooked, by the way.
Saya's Dad: Th-thanks.
Homeroom Teacher: Thank you for waiting, Yamabuki-san. Please come in now.
Saya: Okay. Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Homeroom Teacher: ... So, Saya-san, the information on the future plans sheet about what you would like to do after graduating is correct then?
Saya: Yes. I want to go to college.
Saya: I haven't figured out yet what college to go to or what to do afterward.
Saya: But wherever I go, I want to use the four years ahead of me to take a serious look at myself and figure out what I want to do and what I'm suited for.
Saya: And if I still want to take over the family business after all of that, that's what I intend to do.
Homeroom Teacher: Okay, noted. How do you feel about your daughter's wishes, Yamabuki-san?
Saya's Dad: Since it's what she's decided, I have no objections. We all support her decision.
Homeroom Teacher: Understood. In that case, the school will proceed under that assumption.
Saya: Thank you very much.
Homeroom Teacher: Fufu.
Saya: ...? Did I say something strange?
Homeroom Teacher: No, it's just that you took the longest to submit your future plans sheet... But at the same time, your reply sounded the most confident... It just seemed very like you.
Saya: It did? Fufu, well, thank you very much.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Saya: Mmm~, finally~! It's all over!
Saya's Dad: My shoulders are killing me. Must be because I'm not used to wearing a suit.
Saya: Well, you don't exactly wear one regularly. When was the last time, anyway?
Saya's Dad: Think it might've been during Sana's entrance ceremony. And if we're talking about you... it was the entrance ceremony for Hanasakigawa.
Saya: Oh yeah, so back in middle school! That was ages ago. You and Mom closed the bakery so you could come, and you had little Jun and Sana in your arms.
Saya's Dad: Yeah, and we stopped by the diner at that corner there. That was some good deep-fried shrimp they had.
Saya: I remember. Their vanilla ice cream was really good too... Boy, I feel like going there again with everyone.
Saya: It's been five years, though, huh? I've gotten pretty tall. I can't even wear my uniform from back then.
Saya's Dad: Time sure does fly.
Saya: Not for me. It's been a really long five years on my end because so much has happened.
Saya: ... We went down this very same path on the way home all those years ago, though, huh?
Saya's Dad: ... You remember the bars at that park?
Saya: Hm?
(White cut)
Saya's Dad: Back when you were in second grade, you asked me for help because you were so frustrated you couldn't do kickovers. That park is where we went to practice.
Saya: Seriously? I don't remember at all.
Saya's Dad: Yup. You practiced so hard that your hands became all calloused... I told you to stop, but you refused to listen. You said you weren't going home until you could.
Saya: Ahaha... Something like that happened? Sounds like I was one stubborn kid back then.
Saya's Dad: That wasn't all either... You were stubborn and always had to have your way...
Saya: Oh...
Saya's Dad: We kept going to the park day after day... I still clearly remember the smile you had on your face when you finally managed to do it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: ... I guess that means we've walked down this path together quite a bit.
Saya's Dad: Uh-huh... Wonder how many more times we'll get to do this side by side.
Saya: What's that supposed to mean? Getting sentimental?
Saya's Dad: Nothing like that. I'm actually looking forward to you growing up and experiencing all sorts of things.
Saya's Dad: Earlier, when you told your teacher what you planned to do after graduating... You were so confident. It made me real proud.
Saya's Dad: The thought that you're gonna be able to grow up on your own without our help... well, I guess you could say it made me feel sad but also really satisfied.
Saya: Sad and satisfied...? So something like when you're walking home after a graduation ceremony?
Saya's Dad: Yeah... something like that.
Saya: Then why don't we come back here together? It wouldn't have to be for anything special either. We can just take a walk.
Saya: That way, you won't have to feel all sad, right?
Saya's Dad: Yeah... true.
Saya: Ah, someone's messaging me... "Done with the conference? Let's work on the rest of our song!"
Saya's Dad: From Kasumi-chan and the rest of the gang? Go ahead and join them.
Saya: Alright, thanks. I might be a bit late though. Is that okay?
Saya's Dad: Yeah. Make sure you have a good time.
Saya: I will. Alright, see ya, Dad!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Pant... Pant...! Ah, Kasumi? Yeah, I'm running... Should be there soon.
Saya: The lyrics? Yeah, I have them. Don't worry, I'd never lose them. I actually had them in my pocket the whole time I was talking with my dad...
Saya: Ah...! Hold on...
Saya: (A part-time job magazine...)
Saya: (My own path and very first step... Alright, I'll grab a copy.)
Saya: Ah, sorry... I'm fine. I'll tell you all about it once I'm there. Okay, see you soon!
(White cut)
