event210-01 Opening: Have You Decided?

The girls discuss what they plan to do after graduating. Saya looks glum...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Morning]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Mom~, I'm gonna go put the sign out front, okay~?
Saya's Mom: Oh, I already took care of it.
Saya: Huh, you did? Thanks. Wasn't it pretty heavy though?
Saya's Mom: Not at all. You were a lot heavier when you were a baby.
Saya: Hey~... What's that supposed to mean? Anyway, okay, then the next thing I need to take care of is...
Saya's Mom: I'll handle the rest. You go on to school, Saya.
Saya: Wait, are you sure?
Saya's Mom: Don't worry. Here you go. Your lunch.
Saya: Thanks. Alright, I'm off to school then. Bye~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: Dang, it's cold~! I vote again for eating in the classroom.
Kasumi: Come on~, it's not a big deal~, is it? Our food will taste better out here in the courtyard!
Tae: Yeah. It feels more like the start of a new school term this way.
Kasumi: Right~? Winter break was fun, but school's great~! You get to see everyone in class too!
Arisa: I honestly wouldn't mind if winter break was a little longer...
Kasumi: Seriously~?! Third term's already short as it is. Don't you want to spend more time at school?
Arisa: Not really. The student council will be busy with all the upcoming events, and we're second years, so there's the whole issue of what we want to do after we graduate...
Arisa: Actually, Kasumi, have you submitted your future plans sheet yet? The deadline's today.
Kasumi: Of course, I did! I circled post-secondary education! I haven't decided where I want to go, but I do want to go to college!
Tae: I circled the same thing!
Arisa: You guys must've really enjoyed that college school festival~...
Kasumi: Arisa, you also chose post-secondary, right?
Arisa: Yeah. Haven't yet figured out where I want to go though.
Rimi: I circled post-secondary, too, but I still need to talk with my cram school teacher about places to aim for.
Rimi: Saya-chan, have you decided already?
Saya: Actually~... no, I haven't~...
Arisa: For real? You do know parent-teacher-student conferences start next week Monday, right?
Saya: Yeah~. I have been thinking about it, but... Even my homeroom teacher's been reminding me to submit mine...
Arisa: Well, shouldn't you at least choose and circle either post-secondary or employment?
Saya: I know~...
Rimi: ...
Saya: Anyway, I'll decide by next week. Oh, by the way, I baked some bread that I want you all to try out.
Tae: Yay~! I call dibs on this melon bread!
Kasumi: Ohh~! These croissants look so crispy and yummy~!
Saya: Ah~, excellent choice~. I'm actually pretty proud of them.
Tae: Really? Then I want one too!
Kasumi: O-Tae's going for two!
Saya: Don't worry, I baked plenty. Here, Rimi-rin. Have a chocolate cornet.
Rimi: ...
Saya: Hm? What's the matter, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Oh, um, nothing.
Rimi: (I wonder if everything's okay with Saya-chan...)
(Black cut)
