event210-02 Chapter 1: Everyone's Plans

A chat with Tsugumi at Hazawa Coffee allows Saya to do some introspecting.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Thank you for waiting. Here's your tea and chiffon cake set.
Saya: Thanks, Tsugu. Time for a sip.
Saya: Mmm~, this is really good~. Is it just me or have you gotten better again at making tea?
Tsugumi: Fufu, thanks... Wait a minute. Don't you usually help out at the bakery at this hour on Fridays?
Saya: My mom said she'll take over today. She's been feeling a lot better lately.
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, I have seen her at the register pretty often whenever I've passed by...
Saya: She apparently enjoys laying out the bread and chatting with the regulars.
Saya: That's why I've been getting quite a few more days off than before.
Tsugumi: I see. Well, I'm glad she's feeling better!
Saya: Same. Oh yeah, there's something I want to ask you...
Tsugumi: Ask me? Hm, I wonder what it is.
Saya: Have you already talked to your parents about what you plan to do after you graduate?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm. Especially with parent-teacher-student conferences starting next week.
Saya: Oh... Then I guess it means you already know what you want to do.
Tsugumi: More or less. I'm thinking of going to college.
Tsugumi: I know there's the café, but when I told my parents that there's something I want to study at college, they said I should go.
Saya: Huh~... Say, you wouldn't happen to know what Hagumi's plans are, would you?
Tsugumi: The last time she came by, she said she wants to make croquettes at her dad's shop.
Tsugumi: Her dad was apparently really happy when she said she wanted to make croquettes that nobody's ever had. I'm guessing she plans to take over the shop eventually.
Saya: I see~...
Tsugumi: You haven't talked about it with your dad yet, Saya-chan?
Saya: Yeah... It's not exactly an easy topic to bring up...
Saya: Part of that is because I haven't clearly decided what I'm going to do after graduating...
Tsugumi: I know what you mean. It's kind of stressful to talk to your parents about your future.
Saya: Exactly. I do know, though, that I have to get around to discussing it properly soon because I am at the point in my life where I need to decide.
Saya: (I wonder what Dad thinks...)
Saya: (It doesn't feel right to say I want to go to college when we don't exactly have a lot of money, and it's not like I have a particular dream or goal either...)
Saya: (Not to mention, Jun and Sana are still little... Given where that leaves the bakery, I think Dad will be happier if I told him I want to take over the family business.)
Saya: Alright, thanks, Tsugu. I'll have a talk with my dad tonight.
Tsugumi: Okay. You'll need some cake to work yourself up to it then.
Tsugumi: Would you like me to bring you another one? There's one that I'm currently working on that I could use some feedback on...
Saya: Ah, it's alright! Thanks though. I'm getting the feeling that I can do this, fufufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Night]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Saya: Dad~, is it alright to lower the blinds at the entrance?
Saya's Dad: Yeah. I'll take care of the rest, though, so you go on ahead, Saya.
Saya: Thanks.
Saya: ...
Saya: Hey, Dad.
Saya's Dad: Hm?
Saya: This is just a what-if, okay...?
Saya: How would you feel if I said I wanted to take over the bakery...?
Saya's Dad: ...
Saya: I do enjoy helping out, and Jun and Sana are still little too... When I think about our situation, it's definitely something I can see myself doing, you know...?
Saya: ... So... what do you think...?
Saya's Dad: ... Well.
Saya's Dad: I have no intention of letting you take over the bakery.
Saya: ... What?
(Black cut)
