event210-06 Chapter 5: Dad

Saya decides to speak to her father again. What is the answer she has found?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Yamabuki Residence - Entrance]

Saya: Inhale... Exhale...
Saya: Alright, time to do this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: I'm home.
Saya's Mom: Ah, looks like the delinquent daughter has decided to return. Fufufu... Welcome home, Saya.
Saya: Hey~, I could do without the teasing, you know? Anyway, is Dad around?
Saya's Mom: He finished getting everything ready for tomorrow's bread, so he's taking it easy in the living room.
Saya: Alright. Thanks.
Saya's Mom: Saya.
Saya: Hm?
Saya's Mom: The next time you decide to leave home, let me know in advance, okay? I'll make sure you have some food to take with you.
Saya: What did I just say about teasing~...? Thanks though... Mom.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: Dad, I'm back. Can I have a moment? There are some things I want to talk about.
Saya's Dad: ... Sure. I'm all ears.
Saya: So...
Saya: (It'll be okay. I can share all my thoughts with him even though I haven't worked them out perfectly...)
Saya: Right now, I don't know yet what I want to become or what suits me even.
Saya: Ever since I was little, I've watched you work, and I always just kind of assumed I'd become a baker someday...
Saya: I like being a baker, of course. I love everything from the smell of baking bread to chatting with happy customers who are about to head home with bread baked by you.
Saya: But... But you see...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Saya-chan, I think that "but" is something you should pay more attention to.
Rimi: It's probably where your true answer lies...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Saya: I want to go to college.
Saya: I've thought about all the paths that are waiting for me after high school... and the thought of seeing sights I haven't seen yet is the path that excites me the most...
Saya: That's why... I want to trust this excitement. I want to see more of the world than what I can see now.
Saya: Of course, I'll keep helping out at the bakery, and I'll take care of the tuition. So, please... I want to go to college.
Saya's Dad: ... I see.
Saya: Yeah. This is what I've decided after thinking things through.
Saya's Dad: ... Alright. Do what you want, Saya.
Saya: Dad...
Saya's Dad: Feels like I've finally gotten to hear how you truly feel. It's a relief, honestly.
Saya: Yesterday, when you said you had no intention of letting me take over, was it because...
Saya's Dad: I figured you wouldn't tell me how you really felt unless I went hard on you.
Saya: ... So that was why.
Saya's Dad: You were trying to put us before yourself again... I'm sorry I shocked you.
Saya: It's alright... And I'm sorry I stormed out like that without saying anything.
Saya's Dad: You've got nothing to apologize for. It's something all families go through. And I actually meant it when I said you don't have to help out with the bakery.
Saya: What...?
Saya's Dad: Your mom's feeling a lot better now, and Jun and Sana have started helping out too. It's okay for you to spend more of your time doing what you want.
Saya: What I want...
Saya's Dad: It doesn't matter what. If there's something you want to try or something you haven't tried yet, go all out and do it.
Saya's Dad: And don't worry about tuition. We've saved up enough to at least send you to college.
Saya: Really...?
Saya's Dad: Ever since you were little, we've been saving up so that you'd be able to pick any path down the line, so don't worry, Saya.
Saya: ... You've been doing that... for me... I had no idea...
Saya's Dad: As your father, I was happy to hear you wanted to take over, but it can wait until you've gone to college and seen what's out there. And only if you still truly want to.
Saya's Dad: So, from now on, you be the one to decide for yourself what you want to do with your life, alright?
Saya: Okay... I will... for sure... Sob...
Jun & Sana: Don't make Sis cry!
Saya: Huh?!
Saya's Dad: O-ow... Jun, Sana, calm down...
Jun: You made Sis cry! I'm gonna protect her from you!
Sana: Me too!
Saya: W-wait?! You two have the wrong idea. We weren't fighting...
Jun: Oh, you weren't?
Saya: Uh-huh. We were just talking, that's all. So, calm down, okay?
Sana: Oh~. I'm glad it wasn't a fight.
Jun: It sure looked like one though. Anyway, if Dad makes you cry again, just tell me, okay?
Saya's Dad: Haha, looks like I got whacked for nothing...
Saya: Fufu, yeah...
Saya: Thanks, though, you two... for looking out for me.
(White cut)
