event273-05 Chapter 4: Hidden Gem Found

With no return train in sight, the two search for a local place to eat while waiting.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

[Station - Train Platform]

Ako: We finally got off...
Ako: There’s still about an hour until the return train arrives.
Yukina: But we’ll make it with that train, right?
Ako: Yep! If we miss it, we’re done for, but I’m not getting on the wrong train again!
Yukina: Good. In that case, no need to just sit here and wait.
Ako: Then... how about a walk? The scenery looks nice around here!
Yukina: That’s a good idea, but Ako, aren’t you hungry?
Ako: Ah... Ehehe, actually, I’ve been a little hungry for a while.
Yukina: Fufu, me too. There should be some restaurants near the station. Let’s grab some lunch.
Ako: Oh! In that case, why don’t we try a local place while we’re at it?
Yukina: Sure, I don’t mind. Let’s have a look around.
Ako: Then it’s time for a lunch quest—let’s go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Local Eatery]

Ako: Thanks for the food!
Ako: Nom...! It’s delicious~!
Yukina: Yes, it’s a texture I’ve never experienced before.
Ako: It even smells kind of autumn-y... I feel like I’m tasting nature itself!
Yukina: Agreed. This rice with yam bulbils and mushrooms—no wonder the staff recommended it.
Ako: I think this is my first time eating yam bulbils! What even is it?
Yukina: There’s an explanation on the back of the menu.
Ako: Whoa! There are even photos of the staff actually harvesting it!
Yukina: You’re right. That’s probably why it tastes so special.
Yukina: Getting to savor seasonal, local ingredients like this is a real luxury.
Ako: Totally! It’s not something we usually get to do!
Ako: I was nervous since I couldn’t find any info online, but taking the leap totally paid off!
Yukina: Yeah, I probably wouldn’t have come in alone either. Thanks to you deciding, we found this amazing dish.
Ako: It’s just so good~. The flavor is so rich... it’s like tasting the abyss!
Yukina: Fufu, I think I know what you mean.
Yukina: At a glance, it’s a simple dish, but the sweetness of the yam bulbils and the savoriness of the mushrooms infuse the whole bowl of rice, giving it such depth.
Ako: Wow...! Yukina-san, your food commentary is so cool...!
Yukina: Is that so...? I wasn’t really trying to do food commentary, though.
Ako: Oh, that reminds me! My sis told me that when Galaxy Ramen was at the festival, you really helped out as a judge!
Yukina: I don’t know about “really helped out,” but it was a good experience for me too.
Ako: She said it was a huge help, and she seemed really happy talking about it!
Ako: I was honestly moved—Yukina-san, you’re amazing at gourmet stuff too!
Yukina: You’re exaggerating. It’s not like I have a super refined palate or an obsession with food.
Ako: Really?
Yukina: Yes, but... even if it’s a different field, I believe we should approach professionals’ work with respect.
Yukina: Maybe that’s what you and Udagawa-san picked up on.
Ako: Approach professionals’ work with respect...!
Ako: Got it! I’m going to face this dish seriously now!
Yukina: Yes, let’s savor this once-in-a-lifetime flavor encounter.
Yukina: ...That said, we should also keep an eye on the time.
Ako: True! Just in case, I’ll set an alarm for when we need to leave the restaurant!
Yukina: Thanks. Now we can enjoy this meal without worry.
