event164-03 Chapter 2: The Light That is Here

Kokoro and Hagumi prepare for the big day, their hearts full of anticipation.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Big Top]

Hagumi: Hey, Kokoron, what do you think of this picture I drew on the corner of the sign?
Kokoro: Oh, it's the ringmaster! Looks great! That will definitely show the joy of the circus!
Kokoro: Maybe you can draw the other troupe members around it as well.
Hagumi: Oh, that's smart! Then it will look vibrant and merry!
Kokoro: I've got an idea! The circus will take place at night, so if we made a sign that lights up, it'll be easier for people to see!
Hagumi: Kokoron, you're a genius! In that case, I'll stick some string lights around the edge...
Hagumi: If we hold this sign while handing out flyers, I bet everyone will come to the circus!
Kokoro: Uh-huh! The big top will be a full house, and it'll put a smile on the ringmaster's face!
Kokoro: And then the circus troupe will put on an amazing show, which will make the customers and us smile as well!
Hagumi: Wow...! I'm really looking forward to it...!
Kokoro: Yep, me too!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: You know... I wonder how Mii-kun and Kano-chan-senpai's prep work is going.
Kokoro: No idea. But I'm sure they're making fantast-erific costumes!
Hagumi: Yeah, I agree! I'm just as excited to see the costumes as the circus show itself!
Kokoro: You said it! After all...
Kokoro: Misaki and Kanon are super talented.
Kokoro: So if anyone can make outfits that go beyond our wildest dreams, it's those two!
Hagumi: ... Uh-huh! Mii-kun and Kano-chan-senpai will put together something incredible!
Hagumi: We need to make flyers and signs that attract as many people as possible to see the costumes they made!
Kokoro: Agreed! Let's create something extraordinary that won't let them down!
(Black cut)
Ringmaster: Hello, you two~. Is everything coming along well~?
Hagumi: Oh, Ringmaster!
Kokoro: Everything is excellent! I'm sure tons of people will come to your circus!
Ringmaster: Whoa~...! Thank you very much. I'm overjoyed~...! The people downtown were right about you~.
Hagumi: What did they say about us?
Ringmaster: That you're smile-couriers who deliver smiles to everyone~!
Kokoro: Smile-couriers?! Wow, that's lovely!
Hagumi: Then our job this time is to deliver smiles to the circus people and all the guests!
Kokoro: Yep! Let's deliver oodles of smiles to tons of people!
Ringmaster: I'll be looking forward to it...! Well then, I must get back to preparing for the show...
Kokoro: ... Fufu. Hey, Hagumi. I'm having so much fun.
Hagumi: Oh? What makes you say that, Kokoron?
Kokoro: I just remembered something. Remember that time we helped out at the amusement park?
Hagumi: Yeah, Hanasakigawa Smile Land!
Kokoro: Well, I had a marvelous time making flyers with everyone and painting murals on the walls...
Kokoro: And after we finished having fun setting up, then came the thrill of the big event!
Kokoro: Knowing there's even more fun waiting for us after the fun we're having now... feels like we really lucked out!
Hagumi: Lucky, huh...? I guess you're right!
Hagumi: Still, we need to set everything up perfectly so we can enjoy the actual event!
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's make flyers that draw a huge audience and hand them out to loads of people!
Kokoro: On top of that, there's actually one other thing I wanna do! You see...
Hagumi: Wow, I love it! That's the perfect task for us smile-couriers!
Kokoro: Let's surprise Misaki, Kanon, and Kaoru and make them smile even more than usual!
Hagumi: I'm all in... Yeah!
Kokoro: Yeah!
