event164-06 Chapter 5: Hey, Kanon-san.

While handing out flyers with everyone, Misaki thinks about Kanon's words.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Look, everyone! A circus show that will put a big smile on your face is happening tonight!
Kokoro: Miss it and you'll regret it! Now, roll up to the big top in the forest!
Hagumi: Yo, hup, hyah! Check out my acrobatics!
Hagumi: The circus people showed me how to do them~! Their stunts are way more amazing than this, though~!
Hagumi: If you wanna see something really, truly, incredibly mind-blowing, come on down to the circus in the forest~!
Kaoru: ... Can thou see me, young lady? I am a transient being, lost in this world...
Kaoru: You wish to ascertain my real identity? If so... journey to the forest. I shall reveal myself to you there.
Kaoru: Am I truly a comical clown? Or perhaps, this too is a ruse...
Kaoru: I will leave that judgment to your own eyes. Assuming you aren't captured by the night before then... of course.
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa... Kaoru-san is a pro. She pulls off the character even without a costume.
Michelle (Misaki): Whoops, I'm getting distracted. Please check these flyers for the location of the circus~.
Michelle (Misaki): It's tonight~. Don't miss it~.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Sigh...
Kokoro: What's wrong, Michelle? If you sigh, your happiness will run away.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, umm... I was wondering if Kanon-san was okay by herself.
Michelle (Misaki): I know she said she'd be fine earlier, but messing up the costume size seemed to hit her pretty hard...
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san is the kind of person who feels responsible for things. I just hope she's not feeling down.
Kokoro: Oh, is that all?! Kanon will be alright!
Michelle (Misaki): Gosh... How can you be so sure?
Kokoro: Because Kanon said she'd be fine, remember? So she's obviously fine!
Michelle (Misaki): That reasoning makes no sense...
Michelle (Misaki): ... Wait, maybe it does.
Kokoro: ...?
Michelle (Misaki): (Kanon-san said so herself. "I promise I'll get it done!")
Michelle (Misaki): (So she must be okay. Because Kanon-san is...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: No, the others are just as inspiring. Kaoru-san is cool, Hagumi-chan is energetic, and Kokoro-chan is bright and cheerful...
Kanon: You all sparkle just like the circus I saw on that day. I admire you.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: (... That's how I feel about her. Kanon-san is stronger than she thinks.)
Misaki: (Without Kanon-san, we would've been defeated by countless obstacles.)
Misaki: (And yet, she goes and says something like that... How typical.)
Misaki: (It's as though she's oblivious to herself, or... as if she's always thinking of everyone but herself...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: That's why I want to be like you...
Kanon: I want to shine as you all do.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: (Kanon-san shines just as much as the rest of us.)
Misaki: ("You can shine too," was the wrong thing to say... "You already shine." That's what I'll tell her next time.)
Misaki: (So if Kanon-san said she can accomplish it by herself, then... Yeah. Of course, she'll be fine.)
Misaki: (... Well, I'll be. Kokoro was right.)
Kaoru: What's the matter, Michelle? You look perturbed. Has the night swallowed you up already?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): Ah...! Oh, err, I just zoned out for a second, that's all.
Hagumi: Michelle, you gotta hand out the flyers properly~!
Hagumi: The circus people are ready and raring to go, so we need to draw a huge crowd!
Kaoru: Yes, a fleeting apparition for one night only... Missing such a spectacle would be too painful to bear.
Kokoro: Yep! Let's enjoy the best circus ever!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Yeah, sure. We'd better gather lots of customers by the time Kanon-san arrives.
Michelle (Misaki): (Our job now is to believe in Kanon-san, and...)
Michelle (Misaki): Hey, everyone~! The fabulous circus is about to start~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Phew... I did it!
Kanon: I'm on my way, everyone...!
