event164-02 Chapter 1: Everyone's Light

The girls decide to help the circus. As everyone discusses ideas, Kanon smiles.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Okay! Is everyone ready? Let's start our Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Misaki: Who would've thought we'd be performing at the circus?
Kokoro: I know! I'm so excited! Let's put on a show that makes people smile from ear to ear!
Kaoru: But of course. We shall make it an unforgettable evening.
Kanon: How are we supposed to promote the circus, though...? We need a way to let everyone know how enjoyable it will be...
Misaki: Well, we could make flyers in advance and hand them out downtown... Also, on the day of the show, setting up signs would be helpful.
Kaoru: If you require improvisational theatre to attract an audience, just leave it to me. I can lead anybody to the circus.
Kokoro: That reminds me! If we're gonna perform at the circus, we need proper costumes! If we dress the part when we hand out flyers, I think it would show how fun-tastic the circus is.
Misaki: Huh? You want to wear costumes downtown? Wait, I guess it's no different from me wearing the Michelle costume all the time.
Hagumi: Hey, seeing as it's Halloween, do you wanna try making our own outfits? I overheard the girls in my class talking about putting together costumes, and it sounded like a blast!
Kokoro: Perfect! Creating our own clothes sounds fun!
Misaki: Look, fun or not, it's not that simple. We have zero experience making clothes, remember?
Kanon: Yes, it does look difficult... H-however, well...
Kanon: I think it sounds quite nice... We've never done anything like that before...
Misaki: I mean, yeah... I guess it does sound cool...
Kokoro: Then we should do it! I guarantee it'll be fun!
Kanon: Okay! I'm sure it'll be something we remember forever...!
Misaki: Seriously...? Well, alright. Halloween's a special occasion, so it might be worth putting in the effort.
Hagumi: Woohoo! We're gonna make our own costumes then!
Kaoru: Fufu, how riveting. The coming days shall be enriched with both my band and club activities.
Misaki: Huh? Kaoru-san, do you have a club commitment as well?
Kaoru: I do. The Theater Club's fall season production is just around the corner. It's shaping up to be a busy yet fruitful fall.
Kanon: Can you manage both...?
Kaoru: There's no need for concern. I refuse to let my little kittens down with a lackluster attitude. My plan is to fulfill both obligations to perfection.
Kanon: I see...
Kanon: ...
Misaki: Kanon-san, is something wrong?
Kanon: ... U-umm, maybe we can make Kaoru-san's costume for her.
Kaoru: Oh?
Kanon: I mean, if anyone can handle both, it's you, Kaoru-san... It's just that both of those responsibilities are very demanding.
Kanon: At the end of the day, we're bandmates... When one of us is facing a predicament, I'd like us to help each other out.
Misaki: Good point. I'm with you, Kanon-san. Kaoru-san, please focus on your Theatre Club practice.
Hagumi: Yeah! Go put on the ultimate play!
Kaoru: Kanon, everyone... Thank you. I'm touched by your compassion.
Kaoru: When put so eloquently, I simply cannot refuse. I shall execute an unparalleled theatrical performance, then return here.
Kaoru: I shall reunite with you as you wait for me after completing the circus preparations.
Kokoro: Then it's settled! Next up, we need to decide what kind of costumes and flyers to make!
Hagumi: Oh, I know! We should make outfits that help us fly through the sky!
Misaki: What? Are you going to sew a jet engine into your costume?
Hagumi: Hmm, that's pretty cool, but I was thinking more like giant bird wings.
Misaki: No, that's even less realistic. If you want to fly, you'll need suspension wires or something...
Kokoro: That sounds amazing! I want to fly too!
Hagumi: Let's fly together, Kokoron!
Misaki: Oh no, I should've kept my mouth shut...!
Kaoru: Err... I will refrain from flying.
Misaki: Don't worry, you're not the only one.
Kanon: ... Fufu.
Kokoro: What's up, Kanon?
Kanon: Ah, it's nothing... I know it's no different than usual, but I was just reminded again of everyone's strong drive to make people smile.
Kanon: Even when facing a challenge, everyone radiates happiness and sparkle... When I watch you all, I get this feeling we can achieve anything.
Kokoro: Well, you got that right! When we work together, the sky's the limit!
Kokoro: That's why on Halloween, we're gonna make the circus a huge success, and have giant smiles on our faces!
Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah!
Misaki: Jeez, I can't deny you've got the energy. Let's do this.
Kanon: ... Okay. Here we go!
