event164-04 Chapter 3: Wanting to Shine

As Kanon and Misaki are making the costumes, Kanon shares what's on her mind.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Downtown - Meeting Room]

Misaki: ... Does this look like clothing to you? Or is it a piece of fabric?
Kanon: I think... it's still just fabric.
Misaki: I knew it~...
Misaki: Man, I didn't think making costumes would be this hard. We even borrowed this downtown meeting room and sewing machines.
Misaki: It just makes you realize how we're always getting help from many people.
Kanon: Fufu, you're right. We need to thank the people who support Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: At least you're working on your second costume already, Misaki-chan. I'm still tackling this first outfit for Michelle...
Misaki: It's no comparison. Michelle's costume needs way more fabric than everyone else. That's why you're in charge of Michelle and Kaoru-san's costumes, while I do the other three.
Misaki: Besides, needle felting is my hobby, remember? You could say I'm used to handling needles.
Kanon: I see... Thanks, Misaki-chan.
Kanon: Still... At this rate, I don't think I'll finish in time for the costume fitting day...
Kanon: Kaoru-san's schedule is full with her club activity, so it's the only day we can try them on.
Misaki: Ah~... Oh well, I'm sure it'll be fine. We're making them according to our measurements.
Kanon: I suppose... If you say it's okay, Misaki-chan, I'll trust you.
Misaki: Exactly. Let's just get them finished by the day of the show.
Kanon: Okay! I'll do my very best to keep up with you all!
Misaki: ...
Kanon: Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Um, is there something on your mind?
Kanon: Huh?
Misaki: It's just that you seem different from usual...
Kanon: R-really?
Misaki: If I'm wrong, I apologize. But if something is bugging you, I'm all ears.
Kanon: ... When I was small, I went to see the circus with my family.
Misaki: Really?
Kanon: Yes. A traveling circus came to town, and I watched it with my father, mother, and brother who was still a baby at the time.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: They set up a special tent in a large clearing, and even though it was a place I knew, it felt like I was in a dream. I was afraid if I let go of my mother's hand, I'd get lost in this new world...
Kanon: I was so scared, I started crying.
Misaki: Oh. Were you okay?
Kanon: Yes. Ehehe, that's why I understood what the ringmaster meant when they said people fear them.
Misaki: Well, I think the ringmaster is a different kind of scary...
Kanon: Anyway, my parents calmed me down, and I stopped crying. When the circus finally started... I had an amazing time!
Kanon: The performers were like characters from a fable on a glistening stage... For one night only... it really felt like a dream.
Kanon: That's why I'm happy we decided to help the circus. It means I can be part of that sparkling scene.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Even these outfits we're making... will transform us into people from the world of the circus.
Misaki: ... I didn't know you felt that way. That's why you're so into it, huh?
Kanon: Yes. However, there's one other reason... I want to become someone who puts more effort into things.
Misaki: Huh...?
Kanon: Take our last Hello, Happy World! Meeting, for example. I was impressed at how you all voiced your opinions so confidently.
Kanon: What's more, you're always looking out for us, Misaki-chan...
Kanon: No, the others are just as inspiring. Kaoru-san is cool, Hagumi-chan is energetic, and Kokoro-chan is bright and cheerful...
Kanon: You all sparkle just like the circus I saw on that day. I admire you.
Misaki: Um, I'm not sure how to react to this sudden praise...
Kanon: Fufu, that's how I genuinely felt, though... My world has broadened greatly thanks to you all.
Kanon: I used to be afraid of unfamiliar things... I wanted to change but couldn't...
Kanon: However, because of you all, I learned that there's a vast world waiting for me if I take a step forward.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kanon: So I'm no longer the girl who cried with fear. I met you all, we formed this band, laughed together, and...
Kanon: I'm now able to take that first step.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kanon: That's why I want to be like you...
Kanon: I want to shine as you all do.
Misaki: I-I see... I still feel your compliments are far too generous. Nonetheless...
Misaki: ... You can shine too, Kanon-san. You can be whatever you want.
Misaki: So our first step is to perfect these costumes, and then we can make this a successful circus together.
Kanon: ... Okay!
