event164-01 Opening: The Voice That Calls Out

Kokoro and everyone are interested in the Halloween event, but all is not well.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Today's Smile Patrol is going swimmingly! The town is overflowing with smiles!
Misaki: You can call it what you want, but all we're doing is going for walks around places that look interesting...
Kaoru: Fufu, yet it's these very moments that are irreplaceable and fleeting... Oh?
Kaoru: There is some sort of poster over there. It appears to be an announcement of a Halloween event...
Kokoro: Halloween event?! That sounds super-duper fun!
Hagumi: Uh-huh! The whole downtown area is taking part! Our shop is making limited Halloween pumpkin croquettes. They're a bit different from the usual kind!
Misaki: Interesting... Hey, check out the corner of the poster...
Misaki: It says... "Special performance - A circus troupe will put on a show!"
Hagumi: Wow! I hadn't heard about that!
Kokoro: The circus has acts like juggling and the flying trapeze, right? I wanna see it!
Kaoru: The flying trapeze, you say...? Fufu, just picturing it is making me weak at the knees.
Misaki: Well, imagine how the performers feel. Right, Kanon-sa-...?
Misaki: Huh? Kanon-san has disappeared... Don't tell me she wandered off again.
Kanon: Fue... Wh-where is everyone...?
Hagumi: Ah, Kano-chan-senpai's over there. I guess she hasn't noticed us.
Kokoro: Kanon! We're over here!
Kanon: Ah...
Kanon: I-I'm sorry... Thank you, Kokoro-chan. I almost lost my way again.
Kanon: What are you all looking at?
Kokoro: This! It says they're holding a Halloween event downtown!
Misaki: And a circus troupe is coming, so we were talking about watching their show.
Kanon: Wow, the circus...! Yes, that sounds very exciting...!
Misaki: Oh, are you a fan of this kinda stuff, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Ehehe, I am, actually.
Kokoro: Hey, I wonder where they're gonna perform.
Kaoru: Evidently, they'll be at a specially prepared site in the nearby forest. It's certainly an ideal place for securing a large space, however...
Hagumi: It's kinda far from here, isn't it? I wonder if people can make it there without getting lost...
???: My thoughts exactly~...
Misaki: Agh! Y-you scared me~...
Kanon: A gh-ghost...?!
???: E-excuse me. I'm human...
Kokoro: Who are you?
Ringmaster: I am the ringmaster of the circus troupe on this poster. I'm here to attend a briefing session for the event~...
Kaoru: I see... My, you have quite the striking appearance.
Hagumi: Yeah, you're so pale, I thought you were a ghost as well! You look like a phantom from a horror movie. How cool!
Misaki: H-Hagumi, don't be rude...!
Ringmaster: It's okay. I'm well aware... I scare children with my looks, so I wish to make up for it by having them smile at our circus...
Kokoro: A circus that makes people smile...?! Yes! That sounds stupend-erific!
Kanon: We just happened to see this poster and were discussing how we'd like to watch it.
Ringmaster: Why, thank you very much~! The troupe members and I have been so busy practicing for the performance, we haven't been able to advertise it properly. I was worried nobody would show up...
Ringmaster: As you've noted, the circus tent is located far from this downtown area. I'm not sure if anyone would be interested in attending, even if I did promote it...
Kokoro: That's not true! You're very unique, Ringmaster!
Misaki: Unique... That's one way to put it...
Kaoru: P-putting the ringmaster's uniqueness aside... I agree one cannot depend on this poster alone to spread the word.
Hagumi: Yeah! I didn't even know about it, so I doubt many of the other shop owners and customers do either.
Ringmaster: I-I figured as much~...! At this rate, I don't know what will happen on the day of the show...
Kanon: ... It would be such a shame if nobody came to watch your circus show... It looks like so much fun...
Kanon: Isn't there something we can do...?
Kokoro: We should tell everyone about it then!
Kanon & Misaki: Huh?
Kokoro: We're gonna fill in for the ringmaster. We'll let everyone know how fanta-bulous the circus is, and that it makes you smile!
Kaoru: How judicious. You're proposing that we, who are more familiar with the downtown area, promote it instead.
Hagumi: If we did that, I bet a ton of guests would come!
Ringmaster: Are you all okay with this...?
Kokoro: Yep! It would be wonderful if we made both the circus people and the guests smile!
Misaki: H-hold up. Let's not get ahead of ourselves... Are we really going to get involved?
Kanon: I know it sounds like a lot of work, but they're in a tight spot... If we can make a difference, I'd like to lend a hand. What do you think?
Misaki: Oh, you're on board too, Kanon-san? Well, I guess you can't stop Kokoro and the others once they set their mind to something. If you guys plan on helping, I'll join you...
Kokoro: There's no need to thank us! Hello, Happy World! is here to make the world smile, after all!
Ringmaster: Wait a minute... Are you members of the band Hello, Happy World!?
Hagumi: Oh, have you heard of us?
Ringmaster: I heard stories about you when I spoke with the people around here. They said you live up to your band name and make people happy!
Kaoru: Yes, precisely. We bestow joy and fleeting sentiments to all.
Ringmaster: Ah, then you're just as you were described! Umm, if it's not too much trouble, would you care to give a musical performance for the grand opening of our circus...?
Misaki: Really? Us?
Ringmaster: Absolutely! You're trusted by the people downtown, so they're more likely to come see us if you performed. I'm confident you'd kick off our circus with a bang...!
Kaoru: So we'd be the opening act of your circus... Fufu, that sounds exhilarating and fleeting, indeed.
Hagumi: Yeah! That sounds awesome!
Misaki: Well, we're no strangers to putting on a show.
Kanon: Yes...! We promise to do our very best!
Kokoro: Then it's decided! At the Halloween event, we'll gather lots of guests to the circus and...
Kokoro: Together, we'll make it the best night ever!
