event164-05 Chapter 4: Find My Voice

It is the day of the Halloween event. Everything seems to be going well, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Weeks Later]

[Circus Venue]

Hagumi: Whoa~...!
Kokoro: Amazing! This is incredible, Kanon! Misaki! They're wonder-tastic costumes!
Michelle (Misaki): We gave them a circus look with a Halloween flair~... I mean, that's what Misaki-chan said.
Hagumi: Wowie~...! They're like, bam! Super cool!
Michelle (Misaki): I'm just glad they were finished in time. Kanon-san was still working on Kaoru-san's outfit up until last night.
Hagumi: Uh-huh! We even gave her a phone call to cheer her on~!
Michelle (Misaki): It's okay to get fired up, but let's not lose sight of our main goal.
Kokoro: Of course not! We're here to let lots of people know how much fun the circus is!
Kokoro: Fufufu. We've got Kanon and Misaki to thank for this excitement!
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha, I guess so. Kanon-san and Kaoru-san should be finishing up right about now... Huh?
Kanon: Fue...
Hagumi: Oh? Why aren't you guys dressed yet?
Kaoru: Well, you see...
Kanon: ... I'm sorry!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh?
Kanon: Um, I made a mistake... Kaoru-san's outfit was too small.
Michelle (Misaki): You can't be serious... Wait, really?
Kaoru: Unfortunately so. I could get by if it was simply a matter of putting it on, but the fit is too tight to move around or play my instrument.
Kanon: Wh-what should we do...? This is all my fault...
Michelle (Misaki): Please calm down, Kanon-san. You're not to blame. I didn't check the measurements properly either.
Kanon: No... You haven't done anything wrong, Misaki-chan. This wouldn't have happened if I'd finished it in time for the day of the costume fitting...
Kanon: Everyone... I'm so sorry.
Kaoru: There's no need to be so heavyhearted, Kanon. I can perform even without the costume.
Kanon: Th-thank you... Still...
Hagumi: Can't you just adjust the size of the outfit?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, maybe. If we add a patch of fabric to the back... Yeah, I think if Kanon-san and I split the work, we can get it done.
Kanon: B-but then you'll be too busy to enjoy the event, Michelle. Halloween only comes around once a year...
Kanon: Not to mention...
Kokoro: ... What's wrong, Kanon?
Kanon: Huh?
Kokoro: You're pulling a face that looks like you've got a fishbone stuck in your throat. Are your words stuck in your throat?
Kanon: Well, I...
Kokoro: If your words are stuck, it's better to spit them out than to swallow them! You'll feel better that way!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan... You see...
Kanon: I was in charge of this part, so... I was hoping to see it through by myself.
Kanon: Then I could stand with you all on stage in our matching costumes, and bring smiles to the faces of a big audience...
Kanon: I thought if I could do that... I'd be one step closer to shining like you all do.
Kanon: But... Ehehe, I guess that dream is still out of reach for me.
Kanon: I'm sorry, everyone.
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san...
Kokoro: Then do it!
Kanon: What?
Kokoro: You want to finish the costume by yourself, right, Kanon? You should do it, then!
Kanon: R-really? There's no guarantee I'll make it in time, though...
Michelle (Misaki): Well, there's still some time before the circus opens. I'm sure it'll turn out fine if you work on it till the very last minute.
Michelle (Misaki): If you want to complete it by yourself, Kanon-san, I'll support you.
Kokoro: We've done all this preparation to put on a circus show that will make everyone smile.
Kokoro: That includes the ringmaster, the troupe members, the people downtown, the audience, Michelle, Kaoru, Hagumi, Misaki...
Kokoro: And of course, me and you, Kanon.
Kokoro: But if you can't smile, then it's all for nothing. Besides, if anyone can do it, it's you.
Kanon: Really...? Me...?
Kokoro: Hey, what's the number one thing that would make you smile, Kanon?
Kanon: I...
Kanon: ... I want to fix the costume before the show!
Kokoro: Then it's decided! Everyone, let's gather lots of customers until Kanon gets here!
Michelle (Misaki): Sure, sounds good. Kanon-san, we'll be waiting for you.
Kanon: Thank you, everyone...
Kanon: I promise... I promise I'll get it done!
Kokoro: Okay, we'll be waiting!
