event140-06 Chapter 5: Who's That Whispering?

As the biggest temptation of all lies right before Rimi's eyes, she suddenly hears a mysterious voice.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Building - Department Store Basement]

Arisa: ... Oh? Is that... a chocolate soft-serve cornet?
Saya: It says they're a limited Valentine's Day item. Chocolate soft-serve ice cream-filled cornets aren't something you see very often.
Kasumi: Rich chocolate soft-serve with fluffy bread... There's no way that isn't yummy~.
Tae: Arisa, if I try to buy one, please stop me.
Arisa: Quit grabbing my clothes then...
Rimi: (A soft-serve cornet... It's the same one I missed out on eating at the festival before.)
Rimi: (Moreover, this time it's a limited Valentine's Day item.)
Rimi: (Who knows if they'll be for sale again next year...? But ice cream isn't something I can keep until the party...)
Rimi: (What on earth should I do...?)
Rimi?: I think you should eat it.
Rimi: Huh?
Rimi?: You held off for this long. It's your reward.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Who are you...?
Another Rimi: I'm you. Another version of me.
Rimi: There's another me...?
Another Rimi: More importantly, aren't you going to eat that chocolate soft-serve cornet?
Another Rimi: You've always wanted to try it, right? Let's take this opportunity.
Rimi: ...! O-ohh~.
Another Rimi: You know the mixture of cold soft-serve on warm bread will be delicious...
Rimi: P-please stop~.
Yuri?: Rimi, get a hold of yourself.
Rimi: Sis?!
Yuri?: Try to remember why you're avoiding candy in the first place.
Rimi: Err... So that I can eat the ultimate chocolate...
Yuri?: Exactly. But not just by yourself, right? The others are here too.
Yuri?: You made it this far in order to eat the ultimate chocolate together with everyone.
Rimi: ... Ah.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tae: It's difficult giving up candy, but anything can be fun if we do it together.
Tae: I love looking back and talking about all the interesting stuff we've done!
Tae: I'm sure tomorrow's Valentine's Day party will be another event we'll reminisce about someday with smiles on our faces.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rimi: That's right. I feel the same way...
Another Rimi: What's the matter? Come on, let's go and eat that chocolate soft-serve cornet.
Rimi: ... No, I'll pass.
Rimi: I can't eat sweets here. It has to be at the party.
Rimi: I want to think back on this one day and laugh with everyone as well.
Yuri?: Well done, Rimi.
Rimi: Sis... Thank you.
Yuri?: Now, everyone's calling for you. Hurry back to them.
Rimi: What do you mean~?
(White cut)
(Background change)
???: ...!
Rimi: Oh? Where am I...?
Kasumi: Ah, she's awake!
Arisa: Thank goodness... You suddenly zoned out and wouldn't respond, so we were starting to panic.
Rimi: Really? So that means-
Rimi: (It was just a dream... Of course. There's no way my sister would be here in Japan.)
Rimi: (Having visions from candy withdrawal is really embarrassing...)
Rimi: (Still... I'm happy I got to see Sis after so long, even if it was all in my head.)
Saya: Rimi-rin, are you okay? Do you wanna rest on that bench?
Rimi: No, sorry for making you worry. I'm fine now.
Tae: Really? Are you sure?
Rimi: Yes, I'm positive! My sister gave me power!
Tae: Yuri-san?
Rimi: Fufu, never mind.
Rimi: More importantly, let's quickly pick up that chocolate cake. Otherwise, the party time will keep getting pushed back.
Rimi: If any of you feel like giving in to temptation, leave it to me. I promise I'll stop you.
Tae: Ah, Rimi, wait!
Arisa: Amazing... Rimi's making a beeline for it.
Saya: I wonder what happened... She's so confident.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, Saya-chan, step on it~!
Arisa: ... Ah, we're gonna get left behind! Let's go.
Saya: Yeah.
