event140-05 Chapter 4: Sweet Temptation

The long-awaited Valentine's Day is finally here! But the girls face their biggest challenge yet.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Valentine's Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Kasumi: At last...
Tae: Yep, it's here.
Kasumi: At last, it's Valentine's Day~!
Arisa: Knock it off, you're being too noisy. Everyone's looking at us...
Saya: We finally made it, huh? This week felt so long.
Kasumi: Exactly! It felt like Valentine's Day would never ever come.
Tae: Bravo, everyone! You worked very hard. I give kudos to you all.
Kasumi: Haha~, thank you, Master O-Tae!
Arisa: What on earth are you guys saying?
Rimi: ...
Rimi: (Finally... Finally, I can eat chocolate. I'm so glad I gave it my all and got this far...)
Saya: We've already finished the preparations for the party... Now all that's left is to pick up Rimi-rin's chocolate cake.
Arisa: The shop is on the basement floor of the department store in front of the station, right? Is the cake ready to be picked up yet?
Rimi: Yep. If we leave now, I think we'll get there at the perfect time.
Kasumi: Then onward to the station building!
Rimi, Tae, Arisa & Saya: Woo!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Building - Department Store Basement]

Rimi: What is this...? There's chocolate everywhere you look...
Tae: Ah. It says "Valentine's Fair" over there.
Rimi: A Valentine's Day fair...?
Arisa: If you think about it, it's normal for shops to prepare lots of chocolate like this to sell for Valentine's Day.
Saya: We were so focused on avoiding sweets that we forgot everyone else was celebrating the occasion.
Kasumi: This is awful~. I thought we wouldn't have to endure this anymore~.
Kasumi: I'm getting dizzy from the sweet smell of chocolate...
Arisa: I know we were kinda caught off guard, but you're being way too dramatic...
Saya: Kasumi. We're in the final stretch, so let's not give up. Okay?
Tae: Arisa...
Arisa: O-Tae?
Tae: I can't free my mind... I could do it so easily before. What's happening to me?
Arisa: Err, don't ask me...
Saya: Don't tell me you're on edge too, O-Tae...?
Kasumi: That cupcake looks delicious... It's topped with lots of chocolate mousse...
Tae: The chocolate tart at that shop looks yummy too. Ah! They're giving out free samples...
Kasumi: Really?!
Arisa: Don't take the bait! We've come this far!
Kasumi: I-I know that. Must... resist~...
Tae: I'm not looking at anything... I don't care about the chocolate tart...
Arisa: Sigh... I thought picking up this chocolate cake was gonna be simple, but it's turning out trickier than I expected...
Saya: Staying here too long is risky, so let's hurry. And we need to keep an eye on those two.
Rimi: (Ohhh, if I let my guard down, my eyes will wander to the chocolate...)
Rimi: (I better not take my eyes off the floor. Now I just need to keep walking without bumping into anyone and-)
Rimi: (...! A-are those... the chocolate cream puffs from the Valentine's Day article?!)
Rimi: (I thought you could only get them in shops far away, so I'd given up hope of trying one. Turns out they sold them here too...)
Rimi: ...
Rimi: (It's okay just to buy them, right? Besides, the more sweets we have, the livelier the party will be...)
(Black cut)
Arisa: There really is a crazy number of people here. O-Tae, Kasumi, are you following us?
Tae: Uh-huh. I'm staring directly at your back, Arisa, so that no chocolate can enter my line of sight.
Arisa: Can't you focus on something other than my back? It feels weird...
Saya: H-hey, Arisa. Where's Rimi-rin...?
Arisa: Huh...? Ah, she's gone! I swear she was behind us a second ago...
Rimi: Guys, I'm sorry~.
Saya: Rimi-rin! Where did you go?
Rimi: I stumbled across these famous cream puffs that were in the magazine.
Rimi: Rumor has it that there are lots of repeat buyers. So I got some for us to eat at the party!
Tae: Whoa, Rimi. You did a good job buying those in the midst of all this temptation.
Arisa: What's in that other paper bag? You sure bought a ton of stuff.
Rimi: What bag...? Ah!
Rimi: Chocolate roll cake and chocolate pudding...? When did I...?
Saya: Huh? You don't remember buying them?
Rimi: No. I only recall the chocolate cream puffs...
Arisa: Seriously? Jeez, are you feeling okay?
Kasumi: Agh~!
Arisa: Now what?!
Kasumi: It's an emergency! I found something amazing! Look at that...
Rimi: ...!
