event140-04 Chapter 3: A Bittersweet Feeling

One day left to Valentine's Day. How does Rimi feel after looking back on the last week...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

[The Day Before Valentine's Day]

[Walking Home]

Rimi: (It's finally Valentine's Day tomorrow. It feels like it took forever to get to this day...)
Rimi: (... I can't relax just yet, though. I've got to focus until the very end.)
Tae: Rimi~!
Rimi: Oh, O-Tae-chan? I thought you were in the staff room taking care of something...
Tae: It finished early, so I wanted to walk home with you.
Rimi: So you chased after me? Thank you~!
Rimi: The others had things to do and went home already, so I was actually feeling a little lonely.
Tae: Rimi, what are you up to now? Do you wanna stop by somewhere?
Rimi: Although I'd really like that, I was planning on going straight home today.
Tae: Hmm... Are you by chance having Hamburg steak for dinner?
Rimi: ...? I don't know. I'll have to ask my mom...
Tae: I see. On days I'm having Hamburg steak for dinner, I get too excited to make any detours, so I thought that might've been the reason.
Rimi: Fufu, you really like Hamburg steaks.
Tae: Uh-huh, I love them! But if that's not it, then why are you in such a rush...?
Rimi: Well, there are lots of temptations to eat sweets when you're out and about, right? That's why I was going to stay home until tomorrow.
Tae: Gotcha! Yeah, you can find candy stores all over the place.
Tae: Look, there's even a Japanese sweets shop right over-
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, don't point at it~! You'll make me want some~.
Tae: Ah, sorry.
Rimi: Phew... Still, you're amazing, O-Tae-chan. There's candy right in front of your eyes, and you don't even flinch.
Tae: That's because I'm the master of freeing my mind.
Rimi: It's too bad the rest of us couldn't do the same~.
Tae: I'm sure you could if you practiced every day. A single day isn't enough to free your mind, you know?
Tae: Anyway, this will all be over tomorrow. This week felt longer than usual, huh?
Rimi: Y-yeah...
Tae: What's wrong?
Rimi: Everyone seemed to have a hard time this week... Sigh, I caused you all trouble...
Tae: What do you mean?
Rimi: You were dragged into something I started on my own...
Rimi: I'm sorry you had to go through this weird thing with me...
Tae: Why? I enjoyed it.
Tae: I got to make a new kind of Valentine's Day memory.
Rimi: Really...?
Tae: It's difficult giving up candy, but anything can be fun if we do it together.
Tae: I love looking back and talking about all the interesting stuff we've done!
Tae: I'm sure tomorrow's Valentine's Day party will be another event we'll reminisce about someday with smiles on our faces.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Tae: I always look forward to Valentine's Day, but this year it's a slightly different kind of excitement.
Tae: And it's all thanks to you saying you'd give up candy, Rimi. Thank you.
Rimi: No, I should be the one thanking you. I'm so relieved to hear you say that...
Tae: Really? I'm glad. Well, I'm sure everyone else feels the same way.
Rimi: Fufu, I sure hope so.
Tae: I hope tomorrow comes quickly. I'm so excited I might not be able to sleep tonight.
Rimi: But if you don't get enough sleep, you can't fully enjoy the party tomorrow.
Tae: Good point! In that case... maybe we should run to the next station.
Tae: That way, we'll definitely get a good night's sleep. Rimi, let's go.
Rimi: Huh? O-Tae-chan, wait for me~!
