event140-01 Opening: For the Ultimate Chocolate

Poppin'Party is excitedly discussing the upcoming Valentine's Day when Rimi makes a startling decision.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[1 Week to Valentine's Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Then my senior coworker and I got so excited talking about our favorite music, we made plans to go sing karaoke.
Kasumi: Ohh, I'm jealous~. We should all go too!
Tae: Sounds good! When are you free?
Arisa: Wait, didn't we go just the other day?
Kasumi: Yeah, but karaoke is fun no matter how many times you go.
Arisa: Still, every single week is a little over the top.
Saya: In that case, how about we go sometime after next week when Valentine's Day is over?
Kasumi: Good idea! After all, we're having a Valentine's party! We need to focus on that first.
Arisa: Call it a party if you want, but we're only getting together to eat chocolate.
Rimi: ...
Tae: Rimi, you've been staring at that magazine for ages.
Rimi: Ah, umm... I was looking at this feature article on Valentine's Day. Every one of these chocolates looks delicious.
Tae: No kidding. This chocolate cake looks especially good. The glaze is so shiny.
Rimi: You have a good eye, O-Tae-chan. This is actually a very rare chocolate cake.
Saya: What do you mean?
Rimi: They only sell a limited number of them on Valentine's Day, and apparently, it's super-duper yummy!
Rimi: They say it's rich, but not overly sweet, and absolutely addictive.
Rimi: Every year, the shop is flooded with orders from around the country, and they sell out in minutes.
Arisa: Whoa. That popular, huh?
Kasumi: Ohh, I wonder what it tastes like~!
Rimi: I've actually tried to order it a few times in the past, but I've never been able to get one... until this year!
Tae: Really?!
Rimi: I sat in front of my computer every day waiting for the online booking to open, and it paid off~.
Rimi: I'll bring it to our Valentine's Day party, so let's eat it together!
Kasumi: Mmm~, I can't wait~! Hey, what kind of chocolates are you guys bringing?
Kasumi: I'm thinking of making some by hand!
Arisa: You're gonna make chocolates, Kasumi?! S-seriously...? Is that safe?
Kasumi: It'll be fine! Aa-chan's gonna help me! I've actually always wanted to give it a go~.
Tae: I've chosen animal chocolates! I'm really into them lately. They have squirrels, koalas, and a whole range of other animal shapes.
Rimi: They sound absolutely adorable~!
Tae: They're light on the palate and instantly melt in your mouth. I just know you're gonna love them, so please look forward to them.
Saya: I think I'll make chocolate cornets. But I plan on adding a special twist.
Kasumi: A twist? What is it?!
Saya: It's a secret. You'll find out on the day of the party.
Arisa: As for me... Um, I'll prepare something on the fly.
Tae: Oh? Aren't you making chocolates? I heard Lisa-san's giving you a crash course.
Arisa: Huh?!
Tae: She said you're really fired up about it, and swore they'll be even better than last time.
Arisa: I'm hardly fired up.
Rimi: Fufu, I'm excited to try everyone's chocolates~.
Kasumi: Phew~. I'm getting hungry after all that chocolate talk~.
Saya: Then let's take a snack break. Ta-dah... Chocolate cornets! Here you go, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Saya-chan, thank you~! But... I'll pass today.
Kasumi, Tae, Saya & Arisa: What?!
Arisa: Wh-what's wrong? Are you feeling okay? Do you have a fever?
Saya: You don't look pale.
Rimi: Calm down, you two~. I just wanted to refrain from eating sweets until Valentine's Day.
Tae: Oh? Why's that?
Rimi: One time, I resisted eating sweets for... three days, I think.
Kasumi: Three whole days?! Just imagining it is painful...
Rimi: Yes, it was really tough... However, the candy I ate after was... unbelievably scrumptious!
Rimi: It tasted so divine that I was frozen stiff for about ten seconds.
Tae: That good, huh...?
Rimi: That's why I want to try avoiding sweets again until next week's Valentine's Day party. This time, it's for one week... It will be even more of a challenge than before...
Rimi: That said, I'm really looking forward to everyone's chocolates, so I want to make sure I enjoy them as much as possible.
Tae: I see... Then I'll do it too!
Rimi: Huh?
Kasumi: Me too~! You'll join us, right, Arisa and Saya?
Arisa: Huh? Um, is that really necessary...?
Saya: I can't really imagine it tasting that different.
Kasumi: Aww~, come on, let's do it together! I wanna eat the best chocolate ever with you guys~!
Arisa: I mean, I think it'll taste just as good when eaten normally.
Saya: Oh, but we're gonna eat a ton of chocolate at the Valentine's party, right?
Saya: Then maybe it's not a bad idea to avoid candy until then. If we keep on snacking like usual, we'll end up eating way too much this month.
Arisa: Well... I guess if you put it that way, you have a point.
Kasumi: Meaning, you're both in too! Hooray!
Rimi: W-wait a second. This is not going to be easy, you know... You don't need to do it just because I am...
Tae: It's okay. I wanna eat the most exquisite chocolate possible. Let's do our best to say no to treats, Rimi.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan... Okay, if you're sure. Good luck, everyone!
