event140-07 Ending: Best Valentine's Day Ever

The Valentine's Day Party has officially started! Were Poppin'Party's efforts worth it in the end...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Saya, come on, quickly! I can't wait any longer~!
Saya: Okay, just hold on a minute. It's almost done~. I just need to place the chocolate cornets onto this plate...
Rimi: Ah! Those chocolate cornets have a white chocolate filling.
Rimi: Is this the secret you were talking about, Saya-chan...?
Saya: Yep. It's a special Valentine's Day version. I made regular ones too, so feel free to compare them.
Rimi: Wow~, I'm looking forward to it~!
Saya: ... The chocolate cornets are all set. Now all that's left is... to arrange Kasumi and Arisa's handmade chocolates.
Tae: Your chocolates are cute, Kasumi. They're star-shaped.
Kasumi: I tried to make them sparkle using white chocolate powder. What do you think?
Arisa: They're pretty good. They really look like they're twinkling.
Kasumi: Yippee!
Rimi: Arisa-chan, your chocolates are really pretty as well.
Rimi: The shape may be simple, but they're so glossy that at first glance I thought they were from a store.
Arisa: You thought they were store-bought...? Isn't that a bit of an overstatement?
Tae: I don't think so. I can't wait to eat your chocolates, Arisa.
Arisa: I-I see... Thanks...
Saya: ... Okay, it's finished! Thanks for waiting, guys~. Let's start the party.
Arisa: Thank you. Well then, Rimi, would you give a toast?
Rimi: Huh? Me?
Tae: Yes, you. We've prepared party poppers instead of juice.
Kasumi: Everyone, grab a party popper! Take it away, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: O-okay. Umm... Everyone, congratulations on getting through the week! A lot of things happened in the lead-up to this party.
Rimi: There's no way I could've overcome this challenge by myself. Thank you all so much for avoiding sweets with me!
Rimi: I realized again how lucky I am to be a member of Poppin'Party. I want to continue doing many more things with you...
Rimi: So, here's to our future!
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Rimi: Ehehe... It turned into kind of a weird toast, didn't it?
Kasumi: Not at all! I really felt your emotions, Rimi-rin.
Kasumi: I'm also happy I stayed away from snacks with you guys! It was tough and stressful... but it was really fun!
Arisa: Yeah, this sense of accomplishment is second to none.
Saya: We had a great experience because of you, Rimi-rin. Thank you.
Rimi: You guys...
Tae: I told you everyone felt the same way as me, Rimi!
Kasumi: Hey, can we please finish the toast, already~? I can't hold back any longer~.
Rimi: Yes... You're right. Okay, here I go! Cheers~!
Tae, Arisa, Saya & Kasumi: Cheers~!
Kasumi: Finally, time to dig in~... Down the hatch you go!
Kasumi: ...!
Arisa: Mmm~! It's so good~! What is this...? Was chocolate always this sweet?!
Saya: It really packs a punch... The flavor of chocolate continues to linger in my mouth...
Arisa: I was skeptical at first, but it really does taste heavenly...!
Saya: Fufu, looks like all our effort was worth it.
Kasumi: It's so delicious, I almost fainted... Oh, this is the best~! I'm so glad we steered clear of candy~!
Tae: Arisa, do I still have a face?
Arisa: Huh? Yeah, why wouldn't you...?
Tae: This chocolate tastes so good, I thought my face melted off.
Rimi: ...
Saya: Oh? Rimi-rin, you haven't eaten any chocolate...
Rimi: Well, we waited for this moment for so long that I'm having trouble deciding what to eat first...
Tae: Then let me choose for you. You should try... this one, Rimi.
Rimi: My chocolate cake?
Tae: You said you longed to eat this with everyone, right? So let's eat it together.
Rimi: Ah... Sure!
Saya: Okay, I'll divide it up. Hand me your plates~.
Kasumi: I've been dying to try this legendary chocolate cake as well~.
Arisa: Has everyone got a piece?
Tae: Ready when you are.
Rimi: A-alright... One, two, three.
Rimi: ...! Mmm~♪
Saya: Whoa... What is this...? It's sweet but not overly so...
Kasumi: It's intensely rich! It's like a heap of chocolate has been packed inside!
Arisa: It's ridiculously smooth. No wonder they're flooded with orders every year.
Tae: I want more!
Arisa: Hey, slow down! You need to savor every bite...
Rimi: Sigh~, I'm on cloud nine...
Tae: Rimi, you're practically floating.
Rimi: The moment the rich sweetness of the chocolate spread through my mouth, my mind went blank...
Rimi: The candy I resisted before for three days can't even compare to how tasty this was... I was able to eat the best chocolate ever thanks to all of you~.
Saya: Fufu, it's not over yet. There's plenty more chocolate left.
Tae: Here, I saved the other chocolates for you. Let's enjoy this party to the very end and make today a day to remember!
Rimi: Yeah! Then here I go~♪
(White cut)
