event140-02 Chapter 1: Week of the Candy Ban

Kasumi almost gives in to temptation. Can Rimi teach her the trick to resisting candy?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[6 Days to Valentine's Day]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Kasumi and Arisa are late. Do you think they're still doing those worksheets?
Saya: Who knows...? We left school a while ago, so they should be finished by now.
Kasumi: Thanks for waiting, guys~! Phew, I'm tired~.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, Arisa-chan, you made it!
Arisa: ... Jeez, it was a nightmare. Kasumi couldn't figure out any of the answers~.
Kasumi: That's because I don't really get what sine and cosine are all about~.
Arisa: If you don't know, then read the textbook first. Don't ask me every single thing.
Kasumi: I did read it, but I still didn't understand~...
Tae: Nonetheless, you stuck by Kasumi until she finished, even though you solved all the questions during class. Isn't that right, Arisa?
Rimi: Fufu, you're so kind, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: That's because Kasumi kept pestering me...
Kasumi: Arisa, thanks for always teaching me stuff!
Saya: Fufu. Anyway, now that we're all here, we should start practice.
Kasumi: Sounds good! But before that... I want candy~♪
Rimi & Saya: Huh?
Arisa: Hey, what are you doing?!
Kasumi: What? I was gonna grab a snack from the shelf... Oh, I get it! You want one too, don't you, Arisa?
Kasumi: Don't worry, I'll prepare enough for everyone~.
Arisa: No, have you forgotten already?! We decided yesterday to stop eating candy until Valentine's Day, remember?
Kasumi: Huh...? Ahhh~!
Tae: She really forgot.
Kasumi: I-it's not like that! When you study, you start craving sweet things, right? So I just...
Arisa: That's no excuse.
Kasumi: S-sorry...
Saya: I kinda know how you feel, though, Kasumi. When we come here, eating sweets together has become a habit of ours.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, you don't need to strain yourself. Like I said yesterday, it's something I just chose to do...
Kasumi: It's fine. I wanna eat the ultimate chocolate with everyone too!
Tae: Right. I know it'll be an amazing party.
Saya: Yeah, that's for sure.
Arisa: Well, if we're steering clear of sweets for a whole week, that alone should give us a sense of accomplishment.
Kasumi: I totally agree! I wanna hurry up and congratulate each other on a job well done!
Tae: Uh-huh, me too!
Arisa: Except, it's only day one. and you're already having trouble.
Kasumi: Ooh... R-Rimi-rin~! Teach me the trick to turning down candy~.
Tae: I wanna know too! Did you do something in particular last time?
Rimi: I'm not sure if you'd call this a trick...
Rimi: But I make sure to do two things. I put away any candy that's nearby. And I set my cell phone background to a picture of a piece of paper saying "No sweets!"
Saya: I see~. I guess when you have candy around you, you reach for it without even thinking.
Rimi: Yep. That's why I asked my mom to hide all the snacks in the house last time.
Rimi: Also, my phone background looks like this...
Kasumi: Woah, it really does say "No sweets!"
Rimi: When I feel like eating a treat, I immediately look at my phone to remind myself.
Arisa: Talk about dedication.
Rimi: Still, despite these two methods, there are some times when I just can't bear it.
Kasumi: Really?! What do you do then...?
Rimi: I get someone to stop me. Last time, I relied on my sister to do it.
Saya: She was your last line of defense, huh?
Rimi: That's right. She had to hold my hand the entire time.
Arisa: Hey, I know it's a little late to ask, but why did you go to all that trouble to give up candy in the first place, Rimi?
Rimi: Well...
Rimi: ... Sis got mad at me for eating nothing but sweets...
Saya: I see. So it wasn't something you decided to do willingly.
Kasumi: In that case, when we feel like we've reached our limit, let's help each other out!
Tae: Sure. I'll stop you guys over and over again.
Saya: Well then, shall we put the snacks in the basement away before we practice?
Arisa: Yeah. Guess we should change our phone wallpapers too.
Kasumi: Alrighty, all candy is off-limits until Valentine's Day~!
All: Yeah~!
