event315-05 Chapter 4: Party Time!

The Christmas party is finally underway! Things are going smoothly, but...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya)

[Christmas Party - The Day Of]

Teacher: All right, everyone! Let's make this a fun Christmas party! Are you ready~?
Toko, Kokoro & Preschool Kids: Yes~!
Rimi: Fufu. That's a great response, everyone.
Misaki: Though there were like, two high schoolers mixed in there.
Lisa: Well, well, that just means you're really excited♪ Let's do our best too, and make sure everyone has fun.
Rimi & Misaki: Yes!
Lisa: We'll start with the origami corner. Let's all try folding a Christmas tree!
Toko: Once you fold your tree, you can decorate it however you want with crayons! Let's make a one-of-a-kind tree~!
Misaki: The origami paper's right here, so pick whichever color you like. First, fold it in half-
Preschool Kid B: I can't do it~~! It's too hard~!
Lisa: Then let's do it together. Try copying what I do.
Preschool Kid A: Lisa, me too~!
Lisa: Okay. Can everyone see? I'll go slow, all right?
(Black cut)
Lisa: Everyone made some really nice trees☆ Next is story time. Rimi, are you ready?
Rimi: Y-yes...! Ugh, I think I might be getting a little nervous...
Lisa: Are you sure you're okay? You look kinda pale...
Rimi: I-I'm fine...!
Misaki: Rimi...
Misaki: Hey, maybe you should just enjoy the picture book too.
Rimi: Me too?
Misaki: I mean, when your big sister read to you, I bet she was enjoying the story right along with you. So... I think it'd be good if you did the same.
Misaki: Sorry, I'm not saying it very well. Just... don't put so much pressure on yourself.
Rimi: ...Yeah, you're right. Fufu, thanks, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Mm. Have fun.
Toko: Everyone, gather around~~! Next, Rimi's gonna read us a picture book!
Lisa: Okay, everyone, sit close to Rimi!
Preschool Kids: Okaaay!
Kokoro: Mmm~! I'm so excited!
Rimi: Hoo... Haa...
Rimi: O-okay then, I'll begin! "Santa's Helpers' Gifts," begin, begin~
Rimi: "This is Santa Claus Village, where Santa lives. Everyone who lives here is a Santa. Santas always cared about the children."
Rimi: "But then, what could have happened?! When they woke up on Christmas morning... all their precious sleighs were broken!"
Preschool Kid A: Huh?! Why?! Why'd they break?!
Preschool Kid B: A monster came and went boom! That's what happened! There's a bad monster!
Preschool Kid C: No there isn't~! You're making it up!
Rimi: (Wh-whoa, they're starting to chatter...! It's getting noisy... What do I do~?)
Lisa: I wonder why they broke~? Maybe if we hear the rest, we'll find out?
Preschool Kid B: Maybe!
Preschool Kid C: Hey, hey, hurry up, the rest, the rest~!
Lisa: Okay, everyone, let's listen really closely to Rimi's story♪ Can you zip your lips~?
Rimi: (They calmed down...! Lisa-san, thank you so much!)
Rimi: Um... "The Santas were in a panic. At this rate, they won't be able to go see the children! So they hurried off to the carpenter's shop-"
(Black cut)
Rimi: "And so, the Santas were able to bring every child a wonderful Christmas memory. The Santas smiled at one another. The end."
Preschool Kids: Woooow~!
Kokoro: Mmm~, what a wonderful story! I had so much fun!
Misaki: Your voice was gentle and easy to listen to... It was really good, Rimi.
Rimi: R-really? Thank goodness... Lisa-san, thanks for having my back.
Lisa: Nope, I didn't do anything~
Preschool Kid B: Heeey! I wanna hear more stories! Tell us another one~!
Rimi: Huh, more...? Wh-what do I do? This is the only picture book I brought~...!
Kokoro: Then I'll tell you a Christmas story!
Misaki: Huh? Hey, Kokoro?!
Kokoro: Leave it to me! It's a story about the reindeer with the bright red nose!
Misaki: Huh? That's surprisingly normal...
Kokoro: The reindeer goes on a big adventure through space! It's a story that makes everyone on all sorts of planets smile~!
Misaki: Yeah, no, I've never heard this one.
Kokoro: "One day, Santa said this to the reindeer with the bright red nose: Your hooves have rockets on them. You can go to space."
Kokoro: "The reindeer tapped its hooves against the ground... 3, 2, 1... Kabooom!! Flames burst from its hooves, and in no time at all, it blasted off into space!"
Preschool Kid A: Woooow! It went to space?!
Preschool Kid B: That’s ama~zing! So coo~l!
Toko: A space reindeer with rocket hooves is seriously awesome...! So, so? What happened to the space reindeer?!
Misaki: Huh, they're actually loving it...? And Kirigaya-san, aren't you even more into it than the kids are?
Lisa: Fufu. Everyone's totally hooked on Kokoro's story.
Lisa: (The kids look like they're having so much fun. I bet we were like that when we were little, too.)
Lisa: (Eyes sparkling, hearts pounding, enjoying Christmas with everything we had...)
Lisa: (...I wonder if I've become someone who can stay in someone's memories, just like the Santas back then.)
Lisa: (I hope today becomes a special Christmas day for the kids.)
Kokoro: "And so, the reindeer and Santa, who'd brought smiles to everyone on Happy Happy Star, set off toward the next planet!"
Preschool Kids: Waa~!
Misaki: Same as always, it was totally chaotic and made no sense... But everyone was happy, so whatever.
Rimi: Fufu, yeah.
Toko: All right, let's start getting ready for the last surprise!
Lisa: Yeah!
Lisa: (For the kids' sake, too... I've gotta give it my all till the very end!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
