event315-03 Chapter 2: Everyone's Going Shopping!

The group heads out to go shopping. Toko and Kokoro are buzzing with excitement — and so is one more person...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Been a while since I came to a hundred-yen shop~. The decorations section was... this way, right?
Misaki: Yeah, this way. We use these sometimes for Hello, Happy World!, but they're seriously so useful.
Toko: Mmm~~~! A hundred-yen shop is, like, the best~~! No matter how many times I come, I still get super excited!
Kokoro: There are so many different things lined up... Just looking around is fun!
Toko: And everything being a hundred yen is just unreal, right?! Shiro told me about it before, but it's still such a crazy-hot spot for me!
Toko: They've even got cosmetics and sweets! They're over there, so I'll show you!
Kokoro: Yes! Please do!
Misaki: Okay, you two~. No running in the store~.
Lisa: Fufu, they're really full of energy.
Rimi: Um... This is kind of late, but... Lisa-san, is work going to be okay?
Lisa: I've got time for this much~. Thanks for worrying about me☆
Kokoro: Lisa! This is sooo cute! Let's buy it together!
Toko: Lisa-san! I think this is a must too, so I'm just gonna toss it in the basket!
Lisa: Wah, hey, hey~! Don't dump it all in at once~. We've got a budget, so you have to think and choose carefully, okay?
Misaki: What'd you two put in there? Glitter powder, a tissue box, and an egg slicer?! ...Put them back where you found them.
Kokoro: Why? They're all so wonderful!
Misaki: Nope. We don't need those for the Christmas party.
Kokoro: Is that so? Then it can't be helped. Let's go put them back!
Toko: Okaaay...
Lisa: Misaki, you're always so dependable. You really saved us~
Misaki: I'm used to dealing with Kokoro, but I didn't think Kirigaya-san would jump in too... Hm? Rimi, what've you got there?
Rimi: Oh, this... It's chocolate that's only sold at the hundred-yen store... I thought maybe the kids would like it...
Misaki: Rimi...
Rimi: Y-yeah, I figured it's no good! Sorry, Misaki-chan! I'll buy this myself!
Lisa: Ahaha, you guys really are full of energy~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Food Court]

Lisa: Anyway, let's think about what we're gonna do at the party. We never settled on anything last time.
Misaki: It's a classic, but how about having everyone sing Christmas songs together?
Lisa: Yeah, I like that. It sounds like it'd be easy for the kids to join in, too.
Toko: Me, me! How about a Christmas fashion show? We get outfits ready and show them off to each other!
Lisa: Hmm... If we have to prepare outfits, that might end up being a burden on the parents... Might be a little tough.
Kokoro: How about we plant a who~ole bunch of fir trees? We'll turn the daycare yard into a Christmas tree forest!
Misaki: No, that's obviously impossible. And if you did that, there wouldn't be anywhere left for the kids to play.
Lisa: Rimi, got any ideas?
Rimi: Um... maybe reading a picture book out loud?
Misaki: A picture book, huh. Yeah, that could be nice too.
Rimi: Really? Actually, there's one I've been wanting to read.
Rimi: When I was little, there was this one Christmas where my parents got home really late... And my big sister read it to me then.
Kokoro: I see! What's it about?
Rimi: It's a story about Santas who live in Santa Claus Village. They work through different troubles, and everyone pitches in to deliver presents to kids.
Rimi: I loved it so much... I've always remembered it as one of my Christmas memories.
Lisa: Nice! It's perfect for Christmas!
Toko: I think so too! Rimi-san, let's do that!
Rimi: Ehehe, I'm glad.
Lisa: All right, so the songs and the picture book are set. What else should we do?
Toko: I mean, when you think Christmas, you think Santa, right?! How about dressing up as Santa and handing out presents?
Kokoro: Oh, in that case, we should just have Santa come by. If we write him a letter, he'll come!
Toko: Huh? You mean, get Santa to come...?
Misaki: Ahhh... Hey, Kokoro. If the kids meet Santa at the daycare, don't you think it’ll make them less excited for him to come to their house?
Misaki: So I think we should be Santa’s stand-ins at the daycare.
Lisa: Yeah, yeah! Plus, I think that'll make the party even more exciting!
Kokoro: That’s true... That might be the case. All right!
Toko: So basically, does that mean we're good to go with us handing out the presents?
Lisa: Yeah. Let's ask the daycare teachers and decide what to put inside.
Toko: Hmm, but just handing them out kinda feels... like it's not enough... ...Oh!
Rimi: Toko-chan? What's wrong?
Toko: I just thought of the most amazing surprise ever!!
Lisa, Rimi, Kokoro & Misaki: A surprise?
Toko: Yes! It'll be just like Santa coming... No, it'll be an even bigger, super huge surprise!
