event315-07 Ending: Miracle White Christmas

The group says goodbye to the children and heads home. And then, a little Christmas miracle —

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya)

[Daycare]

Kokoro: Get home safe now~!
Misaki: Make sure you hold hands with your grown-up~
Preschool Kid: Okaaay! Bye-bye!
All: Bye-bye!
???: Um, excuse me. Do you have a moment?
Lisa: Yes, um...
Karin's Mother: I'm Karin's mother. Thank you so much for today. She had to stay late at daycare on Christmas, and she was sulking, but it seems like she had a lot of fun today...
Lisa: Oh, I see. But I'm glad she enjoyed herself!
Karin's Mother: Come on, Karin. You have something you want to say to the big sisters, right?
Karin: Um... so... Big sisters, thank you!
Lisa: Fufu, right back at you. Enjoy Christmas at home too, okay?
Karin: Yeah! Merry Christmas!
Karin's Mother: Well then, we'll be going. Excuse us.
Rimi: Fufu. Karin-chan's still waving at us.
Misaki: You gotta watch where you're going, or you'll trip~
Toko: Kids are, like, super easy to read. It's like all their excitement just shows right on their faces.
Lisa: Yeah, you can totally tell.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Lisa: Great work, everyone~☆ That Christmas party was a huge success.
Kokoro: It was! I had so~ much fun!
Toko: That was the best, most hype Christmas party ever!
Misaki: They all took their origami trees home like they were treasures, and the picture book reading was a big hit too.
Rimi: I'm so glad... I was really nervous partway through, but I'm relieved everyone had fun.
Toko: Oh! Since we're already here, shouldn't we have a little get-together to celebrate?
Rimi: Wow, yeah! I want to!
Misaki: Yeah, it feels weird to just head out like this. But it's late, so let's keep it simple, okay?
Kokoro: Then let's do it at my house! I'll have them prepare tons~ of Christmas food!
Toko: Sounds great! Oh, then should we all wear dresses and stuff? I'll ask a designer friend if they can rent them out!
Rimi: Wha... Dresses?! I-I'm not ready for that...!
Misaki: H-hey, hold on. This is getting bigger and bigger... I said keep it simple.
Lisa: Well, isn't it fine for today? Everyone worked hard.
Lisa: ...Huh? Something cold just hit my cheek...
Toko: Whoa, look! It's snow! Snow!
Lisa: You're right... It's so pretty~...!
Kokoro: Yes! It's soooo pretty!
Misaki: It's coming down pretty hard. Even though the forecast said it'd be clear today.
Rimi: Then does that mean... this is a Christmas miracle?
Toko: No way! It's a miracle white Christmas!
Kokoro: Santa must've made it snow for us!
Lisa: Santa, huh... Yeah, maybe!
Kokoro: Santa up in the sky~~! Can you hear me~~? Thanks for the wonderful gift of snow~~!
Rimi: Fufu, Kokoro-chan, you're so loud.
Misaki: Still, it's a pretty nice Christmas present.
Toko: All right, my turn! Santa~~! Seriously, thaaanks~~!!
Lisa: Fufu, thank you, Santa~!
Lisa: Merry Christmas♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
