event315-01 Opening: A Lively Christmas

Lisa and the others are out and about, soaking up the Christmas spirit as they walk through town, when...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Toko: Mmm~! I'm totally satisfied! It really feels like I went shopping! Lisa-san's sense is seriously god-tier! You could become one of those charismatic shop clerks right now!
Lisa: Ahaha, really~? Also, Toko, you suddenly asked me, "Wanna go shopping tomorrow?" What would've you done if I hadn't been free today?
Toko: Then that's just how it goes! But last night, it totally hit me all of a sudden. I was like, if I'm going to the sale with someone, isn't it Lisa-san?!
Lisa: You really are so sudden~. But my schedule happened to be open, and I got a cute bag charm, so whatever.
Toko: The Santa Claus charm you found at that knick-knack shop, right? Oh, you already put it on your bag!
Lisa: Yeah. I dunno, I just wanted to put it on right away.
Toko: Well, it is Christmas! It goes perfectly with your bag, and it's super cute~!
Lisa: Fufu, thanks☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Toko: Whoa, Lisa-san, look. Isn't that house amazing?!
Lisa: Ooh, that's pretty legit. It's like the whole house is covered in lights. If they light it up at night, it's gotta be gorgeous~
Toko: Christmas makes the whole city sparkle, and it seriously gets you hyped~!
Lisa: Huh? Isn't it kind of noisy?
Toko: Ah, looks like a nursery school. No wonder I could hear all those energetic voices.
Preschool Kids: Eee! Whoa~!
Toko: Ahaha, they're running all over the place. Kids are seriously powerful~
Lisa: Come to think of it, when I was little, I said I wanted to meet Santa, and Yukina and I stayed up all night waiting once.
Lisa: I ended up falling asleep partway through, though... Fufu, what a throwback~
Toko: Aww, that's such a great memory!
Lisa: Yeah. Even now, it's still a Christmas memory I really treasure. How about you, Toko? Got any from when you were little?
Toko: On Christmas morning, I woke up and there was a sewing machine I'd wanted forever right by my pillow! It was one of those kids' ones, but I was sooo happy!
Toko: Christmas is still special now, but when we were kids, it was, like, super! Super! special, you know?
Lisa: I get it~. But looking back, I think the reason those memories stuck with us is because the grown-ups around us were there for us.
Toko: Huh? What do you mean?
Lisa: I mean, it's not like a kid can stay up until midnight, but she still went, "Wanna try waiting for Santa?" and stayed with you, right?
Lisa: And the presents, and the parties... I think it became a "wonderful Christmas" because the adults worked so hard to make it happen.
Toko: That's true! When we were little, there was no way we could throw a Christmas party all on our own.
Lisa: Right?
Toko: By the way, Lisa-san, how old were you when Santa stopped coming to your house?
Lisa: Hmm, how old was I...?
Kokoro: Oh? Isn't that Lisa and Toko!
Lisa: Kokoro. What are you doing here?
Kokoro: I came to help out at the daycare! It's a daycare Hello, Happy World! comes to a lot.
Preschool Kid A: Ah! It's Kokoro-chan!
Preschool Kid B: No way! Hi, Kokoro-chan~!
Kokoro: Hi, everyone! What should we play today?
Preschool Kid A: Hide-and-seek! ...Huh? Are these big sisters Kokoro-chan's friends?
Preschool Kid B: Are you big sisters gonna play with us too? Yay~!
Lisa: Uh, um, we're...
Kokoro: My! What a wonderful idea! You two, the entrance is that way! Come on in, come on in!
Toko: Wha?! H-hey, Kokoro-san?! Don't pull so hard~!
Lisa: Ah! They both ran off...
Lisa: (What do I do~? The kids look so happy... If I say I'm leaving, it'll totally crush them, won't it?)
???: Ah! Santa...!
Lisa: Santa? Oh, you mean this charm? Yeah, it's Santa. Christmas is gonna be so much fun~
???: ...I'm not excited. Christmas is too far away...
Lisa: Huh?!
Lisa: She ran off... I wonder what’s up with her...
Kokoro: Lisa~! Over here! Hurry, hurry!
Lisa: Ah, I’m coming~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[1 Hour Later]

[Daycare]

Toko: I’m sooo beat~! Kids have way too much energy...!
Lisa: Haha, yeah~
Teacher: Even though this was our mistake, thank you so much for keeping the kids company. Everyone said they had a great time.
Lisa: No, no. Sorry we dropped in out of nowhere. I had a lot of fun playing with them, too.
Kokoro: That’s right! Let’s have a Christmas party together, you two!
Lisa: Huh? A party?
Teacher: Actually, Kokoro-chan suggested having a Christmas party for the kids...
Teacher: On Christmas Day, a lot of the kids end up staying late because their parents pick them up later.
Lisa: Yeah... Every family’s situation is different...
Kokoro: It’d be a waste if you can’t smile on Christmas, right? That’s why I thought we should throw a party where everyone can smile!
Toko: Then leave it to me! I’ll produce the most unforgettable Christmas party ever!
Lisa: Huh?! Toko?!
Toko: Christmas has gotta be a super hype, special kind of day! Don’t you think so too, Lisa-san?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Christmas is gonna be so fun~
???: ...I'm not looking forward to it. Christmas is too far away...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: (Could that kid be staying late too...?)
Lisa: (I don’t know for sure, but if there’s anything I can do for the kids’ Christmas...)
Lisa: Okay~, I’ll help too. Let’s make this an awesome Christmas party, all together!
Kokoro: Yes! Let’s make it a happy Christmas party filled with smiles!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
