event315-02 Chapter 1: Hello, Hap... Xmas Meeting!

Lisa and the others find themselves helping with a daycare's Christmas party. But then, someone shows up...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya)

[Café]

Kokoro: Looks like everyone's here! Now then, let's start the Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Toko: Yay!
Lisa: Hold on, hold on! Today's not a Hello, Happy World! meeting. It's a meeting to decide what we're gonna do at the preschool Christmas party, right?
Kokoro: Oh, that's right! Then let's all think about what we should do at the party!
Toko: Ooh!
Lisa: When you think of Christmas~... you've gotta have a Christmas cake.
Kokoro: What if we prepared a reeeally huge cake? Like, a cake as big as a jungle gym! One so big, no matter how much you eat, it never runs out!
Lisa: A j-jungle gym? That's a bit...
Toko: Kokoro-san, you're a total genius!! Then let's put illuminations on it and light it up, right?!
Kokoro: Oh my! A sparkling, glowing cake would be wonderful!
Kokoro: Then what if fireworks came out from inside the cake? Lights and fireworks would make it even more~ sparkling!
Toko: That sounds amazing~!
Lisa: W-wait, time out! Let's stooop!
Toko: Huh? What's wrong, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Um, I mean... shouldn't we go with a more normal cake?
Kokoro: Oh? How come?
Lisa: Well, you know... After everyone goes home, they have Christmas parties with their families too, right?
Lisa: If they stuff themselves with cake at daycare, I feel like it takes away from the fun of having cake at home.
Kokoro: That's true. You only have one stomach, after all.
Lisa: Plus, even parents who end up running late for pick-up are working hard late into the day because they want to see their kids smiling.
Lisa: So, for both the kids and their families, I think the best party should be their Christmas at home. It just doesn't feel right to make anyone's fun a little less.
Toko: Totally! Lisa-san, that's such an adult perspective~!
Lisa: Huh~? I-is it~?
Toko: It is! Thinking about their families too... That just feels so grown-up!
Kokoro: Lisa's right! It makes me happiest when everyone's smiling!
Lisa: That said, if the daycare Christmas party ends up boring, that defeats the whole purpose... So we should still put effort into making this one really fun, too.
Toko: Yeah~! So how should we get everyone excited... Hmm...
Rimi: Huh? It's you guys, Lisa-san. Hi~
Kokoro: Misaki! Rimi! Fancy running into you here... What a coincidence!
Misaki: No wonder it felt so lively in here.
Lisa: Ahaha. Sorry, were we getting a little loud? You two headed back from shopping?
Misaki: No, we just ran into each other over there. Rimi said the winter-limited chocolate cake at this cafe is really good.
Rimi: Since we were already here, I invited Misaki-chan to come with me.
Toko: I get it! Their limited-time sweets are always super high quality! Maybe I should get something too~
Misaki: ...Anyway, this is kind of an unusual mix. Are you all here for tea too, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Um, actually-
(Black cut)
Rimi: A Christmas party for the kids... That's sooo wonderful...!
Misaki: It is wonderful, but... you went and accepted something like that without telling anyone again...
Kokoro: Oh? Was that bad?
Misaki: No, it’s not bad. But if something like that comes up, you should talk to us first-
Toko: I know! Misaki-san and Rimi-san, wanna join us too? With you two, I think it’ll be even more exciting!
Misaki: Mmm... now that I've heard all that, I guess I can't exactly not help.
Misaki: All right, I'll help too.
Kokoro: Thank you, Misaki!
Misaki: What about you, Rimi? What are you gonna do?
Rimi: I wanna help too. Christmas when you're little is super special, so...
Rimi: And I'd be really happy if I could help make some memories for the kids.
Lisa: Thanks, you two. This really helps~
Kokoro: Yes! Let's do our best together!
Toko: All riiight! Then the five of us are gonna throw the most hype Christmas party this daycare's ever seen~!
Rimi & Kokoro: Ooh~!
Lisa: Ahaha... You guys really understand what I said, right~...?
Misaki: I'm counting on you, Lisa-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
