event69-05 Chapter 4: Where's that Restaurant Key...?

They decided on the "tanuki restaurant" for lunch! Once they get to the restaurant, they see the owner dealing with a dilemma...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Ako: Hmhmm~♪ Pork or squid~♪ Which should I get~?!
Hagumi: Get the pork okonomiyaki! They get their meat from my family's shop!
Ako: What, really?! I didn't know that! Did you, Sis?!
Ako: ... Sis?! Where'd she go?
Tsugumi: Huh? She was here just a second ago...
Saya: Ah, over there! She's talking to the vegetable stand owner!
Tsugumi: ... Ah, looks like she's finishing up. Here she comes.
Tomoe: Sorry about that! They called me over!
Saya: It's fine, but what's that you've got there?
Tomoe: Ah~, this? I got this from the vegetable stand owner.
Tomoe: I stood outside his shop and helped bring in customers the other day, so he gave me these as thanks.
Tomoe: It's a bunch of oranges. Don't worry, I'll share!
Saya: Oh, I didn't know you did that.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan gets along really well with everyone downtown.
Hagumi: Now that I think about it, I feel like I've heard Tomo-chin's calls before... Hm?
Ako: Ah, it's the downtown anthem!
Hagumi: Mmm~! This really is a great song, Saya!
Saya: Ahaha, thanks... It's kinda embarrassing hearing it play when I'm with others though.
Saya: I think it's a great song too. Rimi-rin worked really hard on it.
Tsugumi: ...
Ako: ...? What's wrong, Tsugu-chin?
Tsugumi: Ah, it's nothing, I was just thinking about how cool it is that Saya-chan and Tomoe-chan do so much for the downtown area.
Tsugumi: And Hagumi-chan, you help liven up the area as Marie, don't you?
Hagumi: Yup, I help out with events sometimes too!
Hagumi: I give out balloons and candy to little kids, and sometimes I play with them too! It's super fun!
Hagumi: Why do you ask?
Tsugumi: I'm just wondering if there's anything I can do to help...
Tsugumi: I keep trying to think of something, but nothing comes to mind.
Ako: Then why don't we help make the downtown area more fun together?!
Tsugumi: Do you have an idea?
Ako: How about this? We come up with a dance!
Tsugumi: You mean, like a dance specifically for the downtown area?
Ako: Yeah! Once we've got the steps down, we can perform at the Obon festival!
Ako: I can think up some super cool steps for us too! I'm in the dance club, so my choreography should be just as good as Hagumi's!
Tsugumi: B-but I don't know how to dance~!
Saya: Hmm, what about doing something with your hobbies?
Tsugumi: My hobbies...? I guess I do collect bath bombs for fun...
Tomoe: Why not do something with that?
Tsugumi: N-no way! I can't! How would collecting bath bombs help anybody?
Tomoe: If collecting doesn't work, why not try making some?
Tsugumi: C-can you make bath bombs?
Saya: I don't know, but wouldn't it be worth looking up?
Tsugumi: Y-yeah... You're absolutely right! No use saying it's impossible before I even try!
Tomoe: Oh, and just like that, we're at the tanuki restaurant~!
Hagumi: ... Huh? What's the owner doing outside?
Ako: Hey, mister~. What are you doing?
Restaurant Owner: Ah, hi girls. I was about to open up the shop, but it turns out my wife took the keys by accident when she left to go shopping. I tried calling her, but she won't pick up.
Hagumi: Huh?! Does that mean you're not open yet?!
Ako: No~!!
Hagumi: I was really looking forward to eating okonomiyaki too~!
Restaurant Owner: I'm sorry you came all this way for nothing...
Saya: ... Well, what now? Should we go somewhere else?
Tomoe: No way. I'm already in the mood for okonomiyaki.
Hagumi: I wanna eat lots and lots of okonomiyaki~!
Ako: Me too, me too~!
Saya: Hmm~, yeah, I'm in the mood for okonomiyaki too.
Saya: ... Hey, would your wife happen to be doing her shopping downtown?
Restaurant Owner: Yup, that's right. She didn't leave that long ago either, so she shouldn't be that far away...
Saya: Then we might be able to find her! Come on guys, let's go!
Tomoe, Hagumi & Ako: Yeah~!
