event69-02 Chapter 1: A Calico Cat Sighting?

Saya and Tomoe head to where Tsugumi is. Once they find her, they notice that she's acting a little strange.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: Don't hide, silly. Come here~! I just wanna be friends!
Tsugumi: Hmm, no good, it won't come out... What should I do?
Tsugumi: I've got it! I just need to think like a cat...  Meow~! Meow~!
Saya: Ts-Tsugu...?
Tomoe: What are you doing?
Tsugumi: Whoa! How long have you guys been there?!
Saya: We just got here... Why are you pretending to be a cat?
Tomoe: Haha, are you practicing your cat impersonation for next year's talent show?
Tsugumi: What? Come on, I'd never do that~!
Tsugumi: I'm trying to get the cat hiding in this alley to come out and play.
Saya: A cat? Uhm, I don't see anything.
Tsugumi: It's hiding behind that cardboard box back there. I only saw it for a second, but I think it was the cat from Cat's Market.
Tomoe: Ah, the grumpy calico, huh? That cat doesn't like anybody.
Saya: Even though we've all known it since elementary school.
Tsugumi: Well, today's the day I become that cat's best friend!
Tomoe: Oho, Tsugu's fired up...! Alright, then I'll help you out!
Saya: I would too, but, well, this is a cat we're talking about...
Tsugumi: Huh? Do you not like cats?
Saya: Ah, no, that's not it. I actually love them.
Saya: But they don't seem to like me very much. I always get scratched when I try to pet them...
Tsugumi: Oh yeah, didn't you say other animals don't like you either?
Tomoe: Even the myna bird at the appliance store ignores you. That bird is usually such a chatterbox too...
Saya: Yeah, I've tried countless times, but it never works. I have no idea why...
Tsugumi: I-it's okay, Saya-chan! Humans love you!
Tomoe: Y-yeah, especially Moca!  She says you smell good!
Saya: Ahaha, sorry, I didn't mean to make you worry about me.
Saya: Anyway, given my special circumstances, I think I'll keep my distance if that's alright.
Tomoe: Yeah, it'd probably be best to approach it after it's gotten used to us.
Tomoe: You know what that means, right?! It's up to us, Tsugu!
Tsugumi: Y-yeah!
Tomoe: Uhm, you said it's behind that cardboard box, right...?
Tomoe: Hey~! Don't be scared, little guy! Come here! If you do, we can play with you as much as you want~!
Saya: ... It's not coming out.
Tomoe: Are you sure it's there? I don't hear any meowing.
Tsugumi: I-I know it's there! I saw it the moment it went behind the box!
Tomoe: Hmm, then let's give it another shot.  Hey you, come out already.
Tomoe: Meow~! Meow~!
Saya: Tomoe, I don't think you need to try that hard...
Tsugumi: Wah, the wind...!
Saya: Hm? Did that paper bag just come out from behind that box?
Tomoe: The design... kinda looks like a calico cat...
Saya: Could that be what you saw before, Tsugu...?
Tsugumi: I-it looks like it. Ooo, it wasn't a cat at all~!
Tomoe: And here I was, talking to a paper bag...
Tsugumi: I-I'm sorry, Tomoe-chan...!
Saya: Ahaha...
Tsugumi: By the way, what are you guys doing here?
Tomoe: Ah, that's right. We actually came to see you. We were planning on going out, and thought you might wanna come along.
Tsugumi: Going somewhere with you guys does sound like fun!
Tsugumi: I don't have any work to do in the café, so I'm free!
Tomoe: Awesome, then it's settled! Now we just gotta find Hagumi and Ako!
Saya: I don't think Hagumi's helping out at the shop today. Maybe I should give her a call.
Tsugumi: Actually, I think I saw her and Ako-chan a little while ago.
Tomoe: Huh? You did?
Tsugumi: Yeah, they were doing something in front of the clothing store.
Tomoe: Wait, isn't that store closed today?
Tsugumi: Oh yeah, that's right...
Saya: Well, I guess we'll figure it out when we get there. The clothing store's not that far from here anyway.
