event69-03 Chapter 2: Team Downtown, Assemble

Saya and the others continue along to look for Hagumi and Ako. They find the two of them in front of a clothing store that's not open...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: One, two, three! One, two, three!
Hagumi: And then, we'll do a backflip, then another, and then strike a pose!
Ako: Whoa! That was so amazing! What was that?! It looked super cool!
Hagumi: Ehehe, those were the steps to the dance I'm practicing~! I'm going to be performing at an event downtown~!
Ako: An event downtown? I don't remember hearing about any dance events.
Hagumi: That's because it's not! It's a fluffy mascot event!
Ako: Oh, I see~... Wait, does that mean you're going to do that dance as Marie?!
Hagumi: Yup! Michelle and I are dancing together~!
Hagumi: I'm coming up with all the steps, and then Michelle and I are gonna practice together!
Hagumi: Seeing your face just now tells me I've got the choreography just right!
Ako: Yeah! Your dance will be a huge hit for sure!
Ako: Ah, I mean, it was cool and all, but...
Saya: If Michelle's dancing too, shouldn't you make it a bit simpler?
Tomoe: You're the only one who can move like that in a suit, Hagumi...
Ako: Ah, Sis, Saya-chan! Tsugu-chin's here too!
Tsugumi: Uhm, why are you dancing in front of this shop?
Hagumi: They've got an extra big window that's kinda like having a mirror, right?!
Ako: So the owners are letting me use it for practice when they're closed!
Saya: So that's what you're doing. I suppose I use it as a mirror sometimes.
Tsugumi: What? You too?
Saya: Ahaha, I'm guessing that means you do the same thing?
Tomoe: Actually, I do too. You can see your whole body, after all.
Ako: Huh? Wait, Sis... I thought you were going to go get ramen.
Tomoe: That was the plan, but I got the opening date mixed up.
Tomoe: Once I started talking to Saya, we decided to go out somewhere together and-
Ako: What~?! No fair! I wanna go too!
Hagumi: Me too! If Ako-chin's going, I'm coming too!
Saya: Ahaha, I figured you'd say that, which is why we came to invite you along.
Hagumi: Really?! Let's go! Let's go~!
Ako: Yay~! I get to hang out with everybody~! So where are we going?
Tsugumi: We haven't decided yet. Does anybody have any ideas?
Hagumi: I do~! We should go somewhere fun! Like the amusement park!
Hagumi: And if we're going to an amusement park, we should go to Smile Land!
Ako: I wanna go somewhere that screams 'darkness'!
Ako: The dark blood within me shall take the World of Spirits and... Uhm... Uh... Uh...
Saya: I-it's okay. We got the idea.
Ako: Ooo, I wish Rin-rin was here...
Tomoe: Well, why don't we figure out where we're going over lunch?
Tomoe: I was originally going to get ramen, so I still wanna get something to eat.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's fair. I haven't had lunch yet either, so I'm kind of hungry myself.
Hagumi: Me too. All I've had today are some croquettes.
Ako: I'm hungry too...
Saya: Sounds like we're all want food then.  Alright, in that case, let's go find some place to eat.
