event69-01 Opening: Downtown on a Day Off

On a certain Sunday, as Saya was making her way to meet her friends at the shopping mall...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Saya: I think I might have left a little too early... Oh well, I'd rather be at the meetup spot sooner than later.
Soba Shop Owner: Oh, if it isn't Saya-chan. Are you going out?
Saya: Good morning, ma'am. Yup, I'm going to see a movie with a classmate of mine.
Soba Shop Owner: Well, that sounds just lovely. Be careful out there. Ah, just a minute, I'll give you some candy to share with your friend.
Saya: Hey~, come on now~! I'm already a high schooler. You don't need to give me candy anymore...
Soba Shop Owner: Oh, I suppose you're right. Fufu, I'm sorry. It's just a force of habit.
Saya: Ahaha...
Tofu Shop Owner: How's it going, Saya-chan?! I just made some ganmodoki. Do you wanna try one?!
Saya: Thanks, but I'm on my way out. Maybe next time.
Tofu Shop Owner: Oho, is that so? I was wondering what you were all dressed up for. Don't stay out too late now, you hear?
Saya: Right, will do. See you later.
Saya: (Why do the shopkeepers here always want to give me food...?)
Saya: (I'm not a kid anymore, so there's no reason to offer me candy...)
Tomoe: Hey~, Saya!
Saya: Ah, Tomoe. Good morning~.
Tomoe: Are you headed out?
Saya: Yeah, I'm going to the shopping mall to see a movie... Wait, what are you holding?
Tomoe: Ah, I got these ganmodoki from the tofu shop! I also got this candy from the pharmacy!
Tomoe: Man~, isn't it great how everyone downtown gives you food?!
Saya: Y-yeah, it sure is.
Saya: ... Ah, that's my phone.  Hello? Yeah, I'm headed over now...
Saya: Huh? Mhm, mhm... I see. No, don't worry about it. Just take care of yourself.
Tomoe: What's up?
Saya: The person I'm supposed to meet up with isn't feeling well...
Tomoe: Really? Guess that means no movie then... Sorry to hear that.
Saya: It's no big deal. It's gotten pretty cold out, so I better make sure I don't get sick myself.
Saya: Besides, the movie's going to be in theaters for a while. We can always go when she's feeling better.
Tomoe: Gotcha. Yeah, I'm sure your friend would appreciate that too.
Saya: That does mean I've got nothing to do today though... Hmm~, now what?
Tomoe: If you're looking for something to do, why not go out for ramen with me?
Saya: Ramen?
Tomoe: Yeah, you've seen the advertisements for that new place by the station, right?
Tomoe: Today's their grand opening, so I figured I'd head over and give them a try.
Saya: Ah, that's right~. Aren't they suppose to specialize in pork and soy sauce ramen? That's your favorite, isn't it?
Tomoe: You bet it is! It's not ramen if it's not made with a pork and soy sauce base!
Tomoe: A thick, rich broth topped with delicious slices of pork... Just thinking about it is making me hungry!
Saya: Ahaha. Hold on, are you sure today's the day it opens?
Tomoe: ...? It should be. The coupon I got had the date on it and-
Tomoe: Ah! This is next week's date...!
Saya: I-I thought so...
Tomoe: Aw man~... I was really looking forward to that ramen too...
Saya: Well, at least you have something to be excited about this week...
Saya: Although that means both of our schedules are free now.
Tomoe: True... It wouldn't feel right to just go home, so do you wanna do something?
Saya: Like what?
Tomoe: Like karaoke, or maybe a movie. Ah, we could always go shopping too!
Saya: You know, you're right. Why waste a perfectly good Sunday...? Yeah, let's do it.
Saya: Ah, then why don't we invite Tsugu and Hagumi along too? When I saw them yesterday, they mentioned they were free today.
Tomoe: Oho, yeah! The more the merrier!
Tomoe: I should ask Ako to come along too. She said she didn't have practice today.
Saya: Alright, sounds good. Hehe. We're assembling all the downtown members!
Tomoe: Hahaha, true.  But hey, I like hanging out with you guys every once in awhile!
