event69-06 Chapter 5: Cutting Through the Back Alley

Saya and the others chase down the owner's wife. Are they finally able to enjoy some okonomiyaki?

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Saya: She couldn't have gotten far...
Ako: O spirits of darkness, answer my call. With this great power of mine, do, uh, that one thing and tell us whe-
Hagumi: Ako-chin, Ako-chin!
Ako: H-hey! Hagumi~! I wasn't finished yet~!
Hagumi: But look over there! Isn't that the tanuki restaurant owner's wife?!
Tsugumi: That's her, alright! It has to be!
Tomoe: Hey~! Mis-... Ah!
Saya: Whoa! Look at all these kids...!  Where'd they come from?
Hagumi: Ah, I forgot! It's Michelle Day!
Saya: What?
Hagumi: Michelle's doing an event downtown today!
Hagumi: Ooo, I was going to participate too, but I completely forgot~!
Ako: Now that you mention it, I do remember seeing the flyers...
Saya: Ah, there's Michelle. She's completely surrounded by children.
Tomoe: Hold on, with all these little dudes running around, we can't take this route.
Ako: Oh no, what should we do?! We're going to lose her~!
Hagumi: ... I know! We can just take a shortcut!
Saya: A wha-... Ah, that's right, the shortcut!
Tomoe: Man, I completely forgot about that. There's a small little path behind all the shops, isn't there?
Tsugumi: I used to take it all the time, but not so much anymore.
Hagumi: Over here, over here! I use it all the time, so I know it really well!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: It's been awhile since I've taken this road.
Tomoe: Same here. I always thought it was a shortcut as a kid, but it's really not.
Tsugumi: If you look at it on a map, it certainly seems like it would be faster, but it doesn't really change that much.
Saya: Actually, doesn't it take longer if you use this road?
Hagumi: Huh...?
Ako: What's wrong, Hagumi?
Hagumi: I didn't know that...! Why didn't you guys tell me~?!
Saya: S-sorry. I thought everybody knew...
Tsugumi: Ah, if we turn here, we'll end up on the street again!
Saya: ...! Wait!
Ako: What's wrong?
Saya: Don't you think it'd be better to take the next turn?
Saya: If we take this one, we'll end up in front of the candy shop.
Tomoe, Tsugumi, Hagumi & Ako: ...!
Ako: Y-you're right! That's the candy lady's shop!
Saya: She really likes to talk. Once she starts, she'll keep going and going, until thirty minutes have passed.
Tsugumi: She's really nice and gives you extra candy, but...
Tomoe: That just makes it extra hard to interrupt her...
Saya: I was actually late to rehearsal the other day because of her.
Saya: Of course, once I told her I had band practice, she gave me all sorts of candy...
Tsugumi: So that really happened? Ah, although now that I think about it, I suppose something similar happened to me.
Hagumi: It's always nice to talk to her, but we don't have time! We'll skip this turn...!
Ako: Yeah! If I don't eat something soon, I might fall over!
Tomoe: Then, come on, we better hurry to the next turn!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: ... Alright, looks like we got passed all the kids.
Hagumi: Miss Tanuki~! Miss Tanuki, where are you~?!
Tomoe: Come on, there's no way she'd know you were calling for her.
Ako: Uhm~, I don't see her... Did we lose her?
Tsugumi: It's a straight road, so we shouldn't have...
Saya: Ah, look, over by Kitazawa Meats! Isn't that her?!
Hagumi: It is! She's buying meat!
Tomoe: Hey~! Excuse me~!!
