event69-07 Ending: Change of Plans!

A delectable okonomiyaki lunch. The five talk away while enjoying a pleasant meal.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Tanuki Restaurant]

Tomoe: ... There!
Hagumi: Wow! You really are good at flipping okonomiyaki!
Ako: That's my big sister for you! So cool!
Tomoe: Ahaha, there's a lot more where that came from! I don't know why, but this is my specialty~.
Tomoe: Although this isn't the only good food I can make.
Saya: Oh, do you do a lot of cooking then?
Tomoe: N-not really... But I'm surprisingly good at making yakisoba.
Ako: Yeah, she makes it for me sometimes, and it's super tasty!
Tsugumi: Fufu, Does that make your specialty festival foods, Tomoe-chan?
Saya: Why not have a stand at one of the festivals?
Tomoe: Oh, that sounds fun! I've always wanted to do that!
Hagumi: Huh? Really?
Tomoe: I mean, all the shops downtown set up stands for festivals, right?
Hagumi: Yup! Our shop sells grilled meat skewers and hot dogs!
Saya: I think we usually have curry bread and pizza buns.
Saya: People really like our stand too. Any time we bring out fresh ones, they sell out really quickly.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan's always hovering around your shop during festivals, isn't she?
Saya: She sure is. She's constantly asking me questions like "When's the next batch gonna be ready~?"
Ako: Your family's café always sells really pretty things, don't they, Tsugu-chin?
Tsugumi: Y-you think so? Homemade sweets aren't exactly festival foods though.
Saya: Doesn't that make it even more popular? You never see stalls like that. Even I get excited to see what you've got.
Ako: And I always make sure to buy something too~!
Tsugumi: I'll have to let my parents know. I'm sure they'll be happy to hear that.
Tomoe: See, that's what I'm talking about. I'm always the one coming to the stalls, so I'm a little jealous of you all.
Tomoe: But we don't own a shop like you guys...
Hagumi: Argh~! Why did you just say so earlier, Tomo-chin?! I thought we were friends~!
Tomoe: Hm?
Hagumi: You can sell okonomiyaki and yakisoba at our store!
Tomoe: Huh? Really?
Hagumi: Of course! It'd be more fun to have you around!
Saya: Not so fast, Hagumi.
Saya: If her yakisoba is that good, I might want her for our stall, you know.
Hagumi: Why would a bakery want to sell yakisoba?
Saya: I just had a thought. If we turn Tomoe's yakisoba into yakisoba buns, I bet they'd be really popular.
Tomoe: Ah, that does sound interesting.
Ako: Hey~! No fair!  I wanna help too~!
Tsugumi: Then why don't you help us make something this year?
Ako: Can I? Yay~! I love you, Tsugu-chin!
Ako: Now what should I make~?! Perhaps something where you can feel the powers of darkne-
Tsugumi: ... Ah!
Tomoe: ...? What's wrong, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Weren't we planning on going out after this? It totally slipped my mind.
Hagumi & Ako: ... Ah!
Tomoe: I completely forgot...
Hagumi: Oh no, if we don't decide soon, the day will be over before we know it~!
Ako: Wh-what should we do, Saya-chan?
Saya: Hmm~, well...
Saya: Actually, why don't we forget about going out?
Hagumi: Huh?
Saya: It's been really fun just walking around downtown with you guys. I thought it might be fun to spend the whole day here.
Saya: I suppose we never think about it because we live in the area, but there are a ton of places that hold special memories for us here.
Saya: I thought it might be nice to check those out together...
Tomoe: Now that I think about it, you're right. Places like the tanuki restaurant and the shortcut are places we have an emotional attachment to.
Hagumi: The same goes for the candy lady's shop!
Tsugumi: Yeah, that's a great idea! Let's visit our favorite places downtown!
Ako: Wow, this is going to be so much fun! It's like we're going on a tour of the downtown area~!
Hagumi: We should check out my favorite shortcuts! There's also an alley where all the cats come together!
Tsugumi: Cats, huh...? If that grumpy cat is there, I'll become its friend this time for sure...!
Tomoe: Hold on, last time doesn't count. That cat wasn't even there.
Saya: Well, then maybe I'll try talking to the myna bird at the appliance store.
Tomoe: Oh, now you're talking! We'll be right there, cheering you on!
Saya: Ahaha, thanks. I won't let it ignore me this time.
Saya: Anyway, all that can wait until after we've had dessert. Who wants to go get something from the candy lady?!
Hagumi & Ako: I do~!
