event69-04 Chapter 3: Getting a Little Peckish

The five of them try to figure out where to go for lunch. They're stumped because all the restaurants look so good.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Alright, so what do you all want to eat?
Hagumi: I know~! I wanna eat something tasty!
Ako: Ah, me too! I want something tasty too!
Saya: Don't worry, we're not planning on going anywhere that's gross.
Tsugumi: It's hard to decide though. There are so many restaurants downtown.
Saya: Hmm, yeah. I've never really noticed before, but now that you mention it, it's true.
Ako: ... Ah! Something smells really good!
Hagumi: Sniff, sniff... I know this smell! It's the smell of freshly baked bread~! And delicious bread at that~!
Ako: You're right! Let's have lunch there!
Saya: I appreciate the sentiment, but this smell is coming from my family's bakery.
Hagumi & Ako: ...Ah! You're right!
Saya: I already had bread for breakfast, so I'd like to eat something else if possible.
Tsugumi: Th-that's fair.
Tomoe: Oh, something smells pretty good over this way.
Tsugumi: Yeah, it smells like yakitori. Ah, I smell curry too.
Saya: Hmm~, it's so hard to decide.
Tomoe: Is there anything you want to eat, Saya?
Saya: Me? Well~... Ah! Why don't we go to the tanuki restaurant? It's been awhile!
Tomoe: The tanuki restaurant...? You mean the okonomiyaki place across from the soba restaurant?
Saya: Yeah, that's the one. I haven't been there in forever, so eating their okonomiyaki would be great.
Tomoe: Sounds good to me! I haven't been there in a while either!
Tsugumi: The downtown shops have their meetings there a lot, don't they?
Tsugumi: I haven't gone to any recently, but I used to go with my dad all the time when I was little.
Hagumi: Didn't we all used to go to those with our parents?!
Ako: We'd have a table all to us kids, and then eat okonomiyaki together!
Saya: We did, didn't we?! Talk about nostalgic~!
Saya: Weren't you the best at flipping the okonomiyaki, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Haha, you've got a really good memory, don't you~? I guess I'll have to show off my skills for old time's sake.
Tsugumi: Alright, then it sounds like we're going to the tanuki restaurant for lunch.
Hagumi & Ako: Yippee~!
Saya: Ahaha, great!
Tsugumi: ... Actually, now that I think about it, that restaurant isn't really the tanuki restaurant, is it?
Saya, Tomoe, Hagumi & Ako: ...?
Saya: What are you talking about? Of course it's the tanuki restaurant.
Tsugumi: But aren't we the only ones who called it that?
Tsugumi: I get the feeling it has a different name.
Tomoe: D-does it...?
Saya: I feel like I go by it all the time though... Why haven't I noticed?
Tsugumi: I can't remember its real name either... Weren't you the one who started calling it the tanuki restaurant, Saya-chan?
Saya: Huh?! Was I?!
Hagumi: Actually... I think she's right!
Saya: What, really...? Ah! That's it!
Saya: They've got a tanuki statue, so I think that's why I started calling it that.
Hagumi: Then we must have heard you say it and started copying you!
Tomoe: Ah, that reminds me!
Ako: Huh? What is it, Sis?
Tomoe: I think I called it something else as a kid too. Eventually my nickname lost out to Saya's, though.
Saya: Really? What did you call it?
Tomoe: The glasses shop. You know, because the owner wears glasses.
Tsugumi: Th-then it wouldn't be an okonomiyaki restaurant though...
