event236-03 Chapter 2: Senior And Junior Of Dance Club

Ako teaches her junior a dance for the Halloween stage. All the other members watch over her.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy -  Gymnasium]

Ako: One, two, one, two, one, two, turn around~ jump! One, two, one, two, one, two...!
Mika: Ah! I'm sorry, I made a mistake again...!
Ako: It's okay, you're fine! That connection there is pretty difficult, isn't it? It might be a good idea to turn with the next step in mind!
Mika: Yes! I'll try one more time!
Ako: Yeah! Okay, here we go. One, two, one, two...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Office]

Saya: Is Ako alright? It's about time to start the meeting...
Himari: I got samples of candy to give out to the kids from the shopowners downtown. I can't wait to open them!
Tomoe: Haha. Himari looks like a dog that's been kept waiting.
Himari: But, if there's something sweet in front of you, you can't help it~!
MASKING (Masuki): What the heck, if you like sweets so much, just tell me. Maybe I'll bake and bring cookies or a cake for the next meeting.
Himari: What, cookies!? cake!?
Tomoe: Hey, hey, don't spoil Himari too much, Masuki.
Ako: Hah, hah...! Sorry I'm late, everyone!
Tomoe: Oh, Ako. You're just in time.
Himari: Did you have work today by any chance?
Ako: No, I was with a junior student today, practicing on her own.
Tomoe: Oh, Mika-chan?
Ako: That's right!
Saya: I see, dance club practice has already started in earnest. Are you okay with that, even though you also have Roselia activities?
Ako: It's okay! The recording is still a little while out, so they said it won't be a problem!
Tomoe: So, how far has Mika-chan got with dancing?
Ako: Oh, that's...
Tomoe: ...! I see. But, well, there's still time!
Himari: Maybe her dance practice isn't going so well...?
Ako: A little bit! Just a little bit! Mika-chan is working really hard, so Ako's sure she'll be fine by the time of the performance!
Himari: I see... I think it's hard to teach the juniors, but keep up the good work!
Himari: Feel free to ask me anything except for dancing! I'm the vice-captain of the tennis club after all!
MASKING (Masuki): She's having trouble with dancing, so it ain't any use if she can't ask you about dancing, right...?
Himari: Well, t-that may be true! But feelings are also important in this kind of thing, you know!
Saya: Fufu. I understand what you're saying, Himari. If there's anything I can help you with, let me know anytime, Ako.
Ako: Thanks everyone~...! Ako was actually a little anxious about mentoring the junior students as a leader...
Ako: But thanks to you all, Ako's feeling better! Ako will definitely make it look cool on stage, so you can count on me!
Himari: Yes, of course!
Ako: Alright then, let's talk about what we discussed the other day!
(Black cut)
Himari: Sigh~, meetings are pretty tiring, aren't they? I need to make sure I get some sugar during the break... What would you like to drink, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Hmm... I think I'll have tea.
Himari: Okay. So milk tea for Saya, soda for Ako-chan…and orange juice for Masuki!
Himari: ... Hey, is Ako-chan okay?
Tomoe: What do you mean?
Himari: Jeez, what we talked about earlier! About the dance club!
Tomoe: Oh, Mika-chan's... Well, I'm sure Ako will be fine.
Himari: Hmph~... Tomoe, you're the head of the dance club, yanno? Is it really okay to leave it like that!?
Tomoe: Hmm~... but this time Ako chose to take on the role of the leader, saying she'd do her best.
Tomoe: And I also believe that Ako can do it.
Himari: I believe in Ako-chan too... but I want to help where I can~.
Tomoe: ... Himari, you really haven't changed that much since the old days, have you?
Himari: Huh? Is that so?
Tomoe: Yep yep. Well, let's just head back to the conference room for now.
Himari: Yeah... Ako-chan is doing her best, and we must definitely make this Halloween event a success!
