event236-01 Opening: Downtown Halloween Committee

Ako and her friends are on their way home from school. Ako hears about a problem from the fishmonger lady…

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

Ako: Sigh~ We sure danced a lot today~! Even Ako's a little tired~
Himari: Wait, does the dance club have a competition soon?
Tomoe: No, nothing in particular.  But they'd get bored just doing basic practice, so we're teaching the first-year students the songs we danced to last year.
Ako: That's right! The first-year students can now do some pretty difficult dance moves!
Himari: I see, you're a senior now, Ako-chan~. Can I come and watch you practice sometime?
Ako: Of course, come anytime! And Hii-chan, maybe you'd wanna join in our dance session?
Himari: Ehh~ I'm not sure I can dance well enough to keep up with the dance club~
Tomoe: Haha, Ako-senpai will teach you and you'll be fine!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey. Sounds like fun.
Tomoe: Masuki!
Ako: It's rare to see King manning the Galaxy greengrocer store!
MASKING (Masuki): I finished school early today and my dad was out running errands.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, anyway, look at this!
Ako: I-Is that's a... Halloween pumpkin!? Wow! That's super cool!
MASKING (Masuki): That's right! The Halloween event is coming up soon in the downtown, so I thought I'd decorate our grocery store for Halloween too.
Himari: Hey, isn't this pumpkin's face a little too scary...? Did you carve it, Masuki?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. It's more powerful like this, ain't it?
Ako: Yeah, Ako likes it this way!
Tomoe: Anyway, is it that time of year already~? I wonder what our downtown will do for Halloween this year.
MASKING (Masuki): Kinda heard they're gonna go big for Halloween this year.
Himari: Wow~! That's something! When we were little, they used to do it pretty spectacularly every year. I wonder if they're going to do it on that scale?
Tomoe: Oh~, that's right. I used to take Ako around with everyone from Afterglow.
Himari: Ako-chan, you got more candy than you could hold in both hands, didn't you? I miss those days~.
Tomoe: That's right! The ladies in the downtown were saying how cute Ako in costume was!
Tomoe: Was it the first time we went to a Halloween event? She was so scared of the ghost costumes and Halloween decorations that she was clinging to me.
Ako: Oh, really?
Himari: Fufu, that's right~. I remember I used to hold your hand all the time.
MASKING (Masuki): Wow, Ako, you had a time like that too? You're cute, aren't you?
Ako: Well, I don't remember much~...
Himari: Fufu, Ako-chan, you were so small the first time we participated in a Halloween event in the downtown.
Ako: Ah, but I remember the girls in the downtown played with me a lot! I think there were also various stalls!
Himari: Speaking of which, back then there were a lot of girls helping out at the events in the downtown. I wonder if they were around our age now?
Tomoe: Maybe they were, right? I think some of them were wearing uniforms.
Tomoe: Speaking of girls in uniform, there was a year Ako got lost, wasn't there? We were so worried that we went to the organizer's tent and found Ako playing happily with the girl...
Himari: There was~! We really felt a sense of relief at that time!
MASKING (Masuki): I'm kind of jealous. My parents would take me to Halloween events downtown, but it was always only for quick looks.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why I'm really looking forward to it this year!
Ako: I see! Well, let's go around together this year, King!
Seafood Shop Owner: Well, it's lively today. Hello, everyone.
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, hello! I've gathered up the vegetables you just ordered over the phone!
Seafood Shop Owner: Thank you. And I see you've already made Halloween pumpkins and decorated them.
Ako: Could it be, fishmonger Auntie, that you're the one who is in charge of this year's Halloween committee?
Seafood Shop Owner: That's right. We were planning to have a big downtown Halloween this year, and make it lots of fun…
Tomoe: Were planning...? You mean it didn't go well?
Seafood Shop Owner: Yes. We couldn't decide on an event that would be the centerpiece. We just want to make it something that the kids will enjoy. But we can't even come up with a good idea.
MASKING (Masuki): I see... I hope you can think of something good.
Ako: ... Hey, Auntie. If you'd like, can you let Ako help you organize the event?
Seafood Shop Owner: What? You sure?
Ako: Sure! Because we're always indebted to everyone in downtown and you too!
Ako: And Ako doesn't remember it clearly, but Ako had a good time at a Halloween event here as a child.
Ako: So Ako wants the kids in the downtown today to enjoy Halloween too!
Himari: Nice idea, Ako-chan! I want to do it too!
MASKING (Masuki): Then let me help too! I couldn't enjoy it much as a child, and I was hoping to have some fun this year.
Tomoe: Oi oi, are you sure, with that schedule of yours?
Ako: There's band practice, but Ako doesn't have any big gigs until Halloween, so no problem!... Probably!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, we can work out the details later!
Tomoe: You say you can work out... oh~ come on...
Himari: You say that, but you're the one who wants to do it the most, right Tomoe~?
Tomoe: Ahaha, you caught me!
Seafood Shop Owner: Fufu, you're all so reliable. Well then, I guess I'll take you all at your word and leave it to you.
Ako: Yay~! Well then, it's set!
Ako: Let's make this Halloween event truly fun, everyone!
MASKING&Himari&Tomoe: Yep! Yeah!
