event236-04 Chapter 3: Halloween In My Childhood

Himari comes to see Ako teaching her junior. Seeing Ako's impressive performance reminds her of the past...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[About 10 Years Ago On the Day of the Halloween Event--]

[Downtown]

Himari: Hmm, hm, hmm~♪ Spin around and around and then~, poof!
Himari: Okay, I've got the dance down perfect! I can't wait for Tomoe-chan and Ako-chan to come!
Tsugumi: Hey, Himari-chan~! You can get some candy over here!
Himari: I'll go when Tomoe-chan and Ako-chan come!
Moca: Well then, I'm going ahead of you~.
Himari: Hmm, hmm~♪ The two of them are taking a while~
Himari: Oh! Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: ...
Himari: Tomoe-chan, what's wrong? Where's Ako-chan?
Tomoe: She couldn't come... Mom said she's still too young to dance...
Himari: What!?
Tomoe: She said she'd come when the dance is over...
Himari: But... Ako-chan has practiced tons for the dance…
Himari&Tomoe: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: ...
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy -  Gymnasium]

Ako: One, two, three, four... Mika-chan, try sticking your chest out more on the turn!
Mika: Y-yes, I'll try...!
Himari: (I was worried about Ako-chan, so I came to watch their solo practice… Tomoe said as much against it, but surely it's okay to just watch from afar.)
Ako: Oh, that was so close~! Now I'm sure you'll get it if you just do it with a bam! Let's try it together one more time!
Himari: (Wow, she's acting so much more like a senior than I thought...!)
Himari: (Her encouragement is also energetic and nice! Ako-chan, keep at it~!)
Ran: Hey, Himari. You're looking totally suspicious, you know.
Himari: W-Woah! Wait, not just Ran, but you all!? When did you get here!?
Tomoe: We're here to pick you up for band practice. I figured you'd probably be here.
Moca: Tomochin told us all about it~ You're a worrier, Hii-chan~
Himari: T-that's because...!
Tsugumi: Ako-chan seems to be staying back to practice a lot lately, even though she has to practice for Roselia too. That's amazing.
Moca: Totally~
Ran: Still, it's a bit surprising. Seeing Ako act as a pretty good senior.
Moca: It's hard to imagine when Ako-chin used to be sooo small~
Moca: When she was little, she used to hide behind Tomo-chin, but before we knew it, she's become so grown-up… Sob~…
Ran: Just who are you pretending to be?
Tsugumi: Fufu, I miss it so much. I remember how Ako-chan cried when she got caught soon playing tag.
Ran: Ah, I remember when... Tomoe would intentionally get caught by Ako-chan.
Tomoe: That happened... but I think Himari actually did that more often than I did?
Himari: Is that so? Anyway, I remember Ako-chan was very happy whenever she caught me. That was so cute, I ended up getting caught a number of times~
Moca: Hii-chan, you used to act grown-up in front of Ako-chin, didn't you?
Himari: What? I wasn't acting all grown-up!... was I?
Tsugumi: Well, you might have... been a little bit...
Ran: All the time.
Himari: Eh~!?
Moca: Hii-chan is now the vice captain of the tennis club, Ako-chin has also become a splendid senior... Well~ Time flies so fast~
Ran: Well... that's true. I feel like Ako is a really good senior now.
Himari: I'm sure it's because she has a good role model by her side. Right~, "Big Sis"?
Tomoe: Hey, hey, don't praise me so much!
Moca: Eh~, but, it seems like Ako-chin is closer to the image of "Himari-senpai" rather than "Tomoe-senpai"?
Himari: Me!?
Ran: Just watching them, they're always focused on pushing forward and giving it their all.
Tsugumi: Yeah. I can feel how hard you're working even when I watch you from afar.
Moca: The kind who can't leave others alone and goes all out~ In fact it's all out to the point it might be a bit overbearing~…
Himari: If it's overbearing, isn't that more Tomoe!?
Ran: Nah, Tomoe is surprisingly not overbearing at times like this. She always takes a step back before it gets to that point.
Moca: Uh huh. This feeling is not Tomo-chin, but Hii-chan~!
Himari: Yeah yeah, I get it, I'm the overbearing one here.
Tomoe: More like Himari than me huh… That gives me complicated feelings…
Moca: Ah~, you're feeling lonely, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: I-I didn't say that!
Moca: Really~?
Ran: Yeah yeah. Break it up, it's about time we went for practice.
Himari: Yeees!
Himari: … Keep at it, Ako-chan!
