event236-02 Chapter 1: Is Ako The Leader!?

The entire group gathers for a meeting about Halloween in the downtown. They discuss the centerpiece event, but…

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Downtown - Office]

Ako: Well then, let's begin the first Downtown Halloween event meeting!
All: Yeah--!
Saya: So, today we'll decide on the main event that the kids will enjoy, is that right?
Ako: Yeah, that's right!
Himari: Thanks for your help, Saya! With Saya, we're worth a hundred people~.
Saya: Fufu, you're exaggerating. I'm also indebted to the fishmonger Auntie, so don't worry about it.
MASKING (Masuki): By the way, you have a little brother and sister, right Saya? Is there anything that could be helpful?
Saya: Hmm, I can't think of anything off the top of my head... But I think both Jun and Sana like lively events. Just the fun atmosphere gets them excited.
Himari: I understand~! When there are a lot of people having fun, it just gets you excited!
MASKING (Masuki): In other words, Himari is on the same level as Saya's siblings, right...?
Tomoe: She's talking 'bout you, Himari~
Himari: Come on, I don't think that's what it's about!
Ako: Oh! Me, Ako's got something!
Tomoe: What's up, Ako?
Ako: You know, if you want something lively... how about dancing with all the kids?
Himari: Dancing? You mean with the kids? Like the ones they do in the children's programs?
Ako: Yeah! Back during Halloween in the downtown when we were kids, we danced with the girls, didn't we?
Ako: Ako doesn't remember the details, but it was a lot of fun, and Ako wants to do it again!
Tomoe: Ah~, I think there was a year when we did something like that.
Tomoe: Isn't that good? I think I can come up with a simple choreography.
Saya: I agree, too. Small children really love that kind of thing.
MASKING (Masuki): Sounds like it'd be a cute event, and that's right up my alley.
Ako: Yay, we got it!
Himari: Ah, I just thought of a great idea...!
Himari: Since we've got the chance, don't you think it would be even more exciting if there was also a cool dance stage along with some playful dance?
Ako: Sounds good, Hii-chan. Great idea! Let's do it!
Saya: I know it's easy to say “let's do it”, but unlike a playful dance, it's only Ako and Tomoe who can do a full-fledged dance, right...?
Himari: Oh, I see... I hadn't even thought about how to gather performers~...!
Ako: Then why don't we ask everyone from the dance club at Haneoka to join in? How about it, Big Sis?
Tomoe: We don't have any competitions coming up soon, so I think we can do it. But, I don't think we'll have much time to practice, so it'll probably only be for people who want to participate.
Ako: Got it! Okay, Ako will talk to everyone at tomorrow's club activities!
Tomoe: Then... How about you try to be the leader this time, Ako?
Ako: Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea -- Wait, me!?
Ako: Ako isn't sure she'll be able to teach dance as well as Big Sis~...!
Tomoe: Really? Lately some of the first year students have been asking you for help instead of me. I'm sure you'll be fine now!
Ako: U-ummm~~~~~...
Ako: ... Okay, got it! Ako will do her best as a leader!
Himari: Yeah, yeah, I know it's a lot of work, but do your best!
Ako: E-he-he. Thanks, Hii-chan!
Saya: If they're gonna dance on stage, do you think the dance club members will be wearing Halloween-like costumes?
Ako: Yup! Since we've got the chance, let's make the stage costumes matching cool ones!
Saya: Then, after the stage is over, why don't we have a parade together with the dance club? I think it'll be more exciting with a big group.
Saya: I've participated in a Halloween parade in Poppin'Party before. It was a lot of fun for adults and children to get together and have a good time.
MASKING (Masuki): Was that the parade that LOCK went to see? LOCK said it was a blast!
Himari: Let's do it! I love that kind of thing!
Saya: Fufu, I guess the parade's in too then?
Tomoe: I guess so. The main events for Halloween this year will be a dance and a parade!
Ako: Wow, it's gonna be a very lively and fun event!
Saya: Let's all go tell the fishmonger Auntie about it later.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah! I'm getting really excited!
Ako: (Ako's the dance leader... Alrighty. Ako will make the stage for the Halloween event a success for sure~~!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Ako: --That's why we're thinking of having Haneoka's dance club perform on the downtown Halloween dance stage. Raise your hand if you want to join us!
Dance Club Member: I do!
Dance Club Member: Sounds fun! I wanna do it!
Ako: Wow! So many...! Thank you all~!
Dance Club Member: ...
Ako: (... Um? That's Mika-chan, a first year student... it looks like she's about to raise her hand, but...)
Tomoe: Ako, continue on.
Ako: Ah! Well, let me see, please check your own schedule before the next club activity!
(Black cut)
Ako: Hey, Mika-chan!
Mika: Ako-senpai!
Ako: Mika-chan, you tried to raise your hand just now. If you want, why don't you join us?
Mika: B-but... well...
Ako: Of course, I'm not saying you have to. But we're planning to wear a cool costume, and I'm sure it'll be fun if we all dance together!
Mika: I'd really like to join... but I'm afraid I'll get you in trouble because I can't dance as well as everyone else...
Ako: I see, you said you started dancing in high school...
Ako: Then, I'll teach you the hard parts! How about that...?
Mika: ... If Ako-senpai says that much...
Mika: I'm afraid I might cause you some trouble, but please let me participate in the Halloween stage too!
Ako: Yay~! Let's do our best together!
