910_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 Trusted Class President

Gacha phrase: Fufu, let's give this band our all!

<Tsukushi's Music Shop Tour>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Edogawa Music]

Tsukushi: We're here, you two!
Nanami: Thank you so much, Tsu-chan! I'm still not familiar with this place~.
Tsukushi: Fufu, my pleasure! It's the least I can do! I'm the band's leader, after all!
Rui: ... Why exactly have I been brought along?
Tsukushi: I just thought we could shop together since you want to change your violin strings.
Rui: I was merely talking to myself.
Nanami: Come on, Rui-rui, coming to the music store with us once in a while might be fun.
Rui: I am capable of shopping on my own. I see no need for company.
Nanami: But you can't decide if something is unnecessary without trying it yourself, right...?
Rui: ... Sigh. Do you come here often, Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: I do! That's why I know a lot about this store! You two can ask me anything!
Rui: In that case, I would like to examine their violin section.
Tsukushi: Violin section... Violin section! Leave it to me! If memory serves, it should be... this way!
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Here! This is the violin section!
Nanami: Wow, that's our Tsu-chan, you led us straight here.
Tsukushi: Fufu, of course! Oh, the strings should be-
Rui: Done.
Tsukushi: Already?!
Rui: Yes, I found the same ones that I always use.
Nanami: I bet you've never bought anything on impulse, huh~?
Rui: Correct, I have not.
Tsukushi: B-but there might be other things you need! Try thinking, Rui-san!
Rui: ... I am running somewhat low on pine rosin for my violin.
Tsukushi: Pine rosin... Pine rosin! Got it, I'll help you look for it!
Rui: That will be unnecessary. I saw some next to the strings.
Tsukushi: Darn it! I wasn't any help again!
Nanami: Now, now, Tsu-chan. There's still me. Could you show me where the bass section is~?
Tsukushi: Oh! Y-you're right! The bass section is... that way! Follow me!
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: We're here! Nanami-chan, you need strings, right?
Nanami: Yes, I'd like to change my bass strings soon~.
Tsukushi: Got it! The strings are on display along that wall... I think!
Tsukushi: By the way, this is where the store displays the latest models of bass guitars that have arrived! Oh, and the ones over there are their most popular items!
Nanami: You're right! Wow, Tsu-chan, you sound like you work here!
Tsukushi: Of course, it's because I know a lot about this store!
Rui: ... They have many varieties of strings.
Nanami: There are. I'm actually trying out different strings because the material can really influence the sound... Oh yeah!
Nanami: Hey, Tsu-chan, do you know which strings are the best for making lower-pitched sounds? I think those'll be the easiest for melding with the rest of the band's sound.
Tsukushi: Huh?! S-strings for lower pitches?! Err, give me a moment.
Tsukushi: Bass strings, bass strings... Did I write that down...?
Nanami: ... Tsu-chan, did you do some secret research?
Tsukushi: Huh?! H-how did you-... Ah.
Nanami: Ahaha, I knew it. It's nothing to be ashamed of.
Rui: ... I do not understand.
Nanami: Basically, cute little Tsu-chan carefully checked out this store for us beforehand!
Tsukushi: Hey! There's no need to announce it to the whole store!
Nanami: Fufu, sorry. But why did you go to so much trouble?
Tsukushi: Urgh... I mean, it would look bad if I didn't know much about this music store when I'm the band leader...
Rui: I must say, you have rather peculiar concerns.
Tsukushi: I-it's not peculiar! It's very important!
Nanami: I see. But you were a big help to us because of it. Thank you, Tsu-chan.
Tsukushi: Argh! This wasn't how it was supposed to be!


<In Order to Shine>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shopping Mall]

Tsukushi: Hmm, as your big sister, I think this one would look the best.
Tsukushi: Huh? You don't care? You shouldn't say things like that...
Tsukushi: I'm going to go and buy these outfits, so you two be good and wait here, okay?
Tsukushi: ... Ah, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Tsukushi: This is awkward... I'm sorry you had to see that.
Tsukushi: ... Me? I've been shopping for clothes for my younger sisters!
Tsukushi: They have no interest in fashion, so as their bi- I mean, elder sister, I've been helping them choose.
Tsukushi: ... Oh? I seem like a good sister?
Tsukushi: D-do I really?!
Tsukushi: Fufu... I am the class president, after all!
Tsukushi: And as band leader, I must strive to lead us to the shining landscape.
Tsukushi: ... What's the shining landscape?
Tsukushi: Ahem... "Your spark will light the way" is Tsukinomori's school motto.
Tsukushi: Just like it says, we're trying to find our sparks so that we can make our way to the shining landscape.
Tsukushi: That's our current goal.
Tsukushi: ... Ah, I suppose I should say it's Morfonica's goal. Don't you think that goal's easy to remember? It has a nice ring to it.
Tsukushi: The name Morfonica does too, of course!
Tsukushi: Having something special that represents us and is unique to us... It really is wonderful, don't you think?
Tsukushi: Morfonica is still a new band, but I hope we'll be able to shine as brightly as Tsukinomori students should.
Tsukushi: I guess what I'm trying to say is, your acknowledgement means a lot to me...
Tsukushi: A-anyway! I hope you'll continue to root for me and Morfonica!
Tsukushi: And if you need any help, {{userName}}-san, you can come to me anytime!
Tsukushi: Anyway, I should go now! I need to pay for these outfits!
Tsukushi: ... Oh no! I forgot I've been keeping my sisters waiting~!
