931_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 A+ Leadership

<A Leader's Know-How>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Park]

Tsukushi: Urgh~...
Tsukushi: (I want to talk to Kasumi-senpai and Yukina-senpai!)
Tsukushi: (They seem to be in the middle of a conversation, though. I don't want to put a damper on it by interrupting...)
Tsukushi: (Hmm, figuring out the timing is tricky...)
Nanami: Tsu-chan, what are you doing?
Tsukushi: Whoa! N-Nanami-chan?!
Nanami: Y-you don't have to be so surprised... You were looking kind of restless. What's wrong?
Tsukushi: I'm waiting for the right timing to call out to the others. I have some things I want to ask the band leaders.
Nanami: Like what?
Tsukushi: Like if there are any guidelines I should follow. I'm also a band leader, so I want to ask what the other leaders think is important.
Nanami: Ohh, that's our Tsu-chan! You're as serious as ever~.
Tsukushi: Fufu, this is a great opportunity, after all. I have to use it to learn all I can from our predecessors.
Nanami: Then let's go and talk to them already~.
Tsukushi: Huh?! W-wait!
Nanami: What's the matter? We have to ask them about leader stuff.
Tsukushi: I-I'm not ready yet!
Tsukushi: As the leader of Morfonica, I have to make sure my questions don't come off as rude...
Nanami: I don't think you need to worry that much about it...
Aya: Tsukushi-chan, Nanami-chan, what're you talking about?
Tsukushi & Nanami: ...!
Nanami: Here's your chance, Tsu-chan. Aya-senpai is the leader of Pastel＊Palettes, right...?
Tsukushi: Y-yeah...!
Tsukushi: E-excuse me, Aya-senpai! Please tell me what you think is the most important thing to keep in mind as a band leader!
Aya: Huh? M-most important?
Tsukushi: Yes! As the leader of Morfonica, I would like to know what other band leaders prioritize!
Aya: I-I see. Uhm, something important...
Aya: Ah, I think I've got it!
Tsukushi: Wh-what is it? Please tell me!
Aya: Trying your best!
Tsukushi: ... Huh? Trying your best?
Aya: Yeah! I don't know if there are any guidelines to being a leader, but...
Aya: As long as you try to do your best, everyone will follow you and support you!
Tsukushi: I-I see... Uhm, is there anything else?
Aya: Well, other than that, there's... never giving up!
Aya: There will be times where you lose your drive, but things will get better if you keep trying and never give up!
Tsukushi: I-I see...
Aya: There are lots of tough things that happen when you're the leader, but I'm sure you'll be fine, Tsukushi-chan!
Aya: Anyway, I'll see you later!
Tsukushi: Ah, yes. Thank you...!
Nanami: Uhm... Never give up, and keep trying your best, huh...? That's some pretty hazy advice...
Tsukushi: Y-yeah... It was a bit vague, but there must be more to it!
Nanami: Huh?
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai is the leader of Pastel＊Palettes, isn't she? She's the leader of a group that performs in the entertainment world... They're professionals!
Tsukushi: There's no way a person like her would give such an obvious answer!
Tsukushi: There's got to be a deeper meaning to what she said...!
Nanami: Y-you think so? It didn't feel like there was...
Tsukushi: Ah! Could it be...?
Tsukushi: We've only just started our band, so maybe she meant that it's too early for me to learn the finer details.
Tsukushi: So right now, as the leader, I should just show my fellow bandmates that I'm trying to do my best, and that will lead to the band becoming closer...
Tsukushi: Maybe that's what Aya-senpai was trying to say.
Nanami: Huh? Was it really that deep...?
Tsukushi: Of course it was! I never miss hidden messages like that!
Tsukushi: Okay, I have to work hard to become a better leader. Then the others will share more of their wisdom with me~!


<The CiRCLE We Dream Of>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Riverside]

Tsukushi: Wow, the sakura along here are also in full bloom... They're so beautiful...
Tsukushi: Huh?! Oh no! I'll never make it to the atelier on time if I keep staring at them!
Marina: Hm? That voice... It's Tsukushi-chan. I knew it.
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san... H-hello.
Marina: Fufu, hello. It's a lovely day today, isn't it?
Tsukushi: Yes, the sun is shining. It feels good.
Marina: It really does. This kind of weather really makes me want to go flower-viewing.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me, you went the other day, didn't you, Tsukushi-chan? Kasumi-chan told me all about it.
Tsukushi: Yes, Poppin'Party invited all of us.
Tsukushi: However, we thought that we were the only ones invited, so I was surprised that all the other bands were there too.
Marina: Ahaha, that would've been a nerve-racking surprise.
Tsukushi: That being said, I was able to talk to all the band members I admire, which was extra motivating!
Tsukushi: Now I want to work even harder!
Marina: Do you mean... at band practice?
Tsukushi: Yes! Of course!
Tsukushi: Everyone welcomed us as a new band, but... we haven't even performed at CiRCLE yet...!
Tsukushi: To tell you the truth, it's hard for us to say with pride that we're one of them...!
Tsukushi: That's why I want to work harder so we can play on the stage at CiRCLE as soon as possible.
Marina: I see. Yeah, keep up the good work. We're rooting for you and all of Morfonica.
Tsukushi: Okay! Thank you so much!
Marina: But you know, I don't think performing at CiRCLE is that big of a hurdle for you guys...
Marina: Even if you're just starting out, if you want to perform, we can help.
Tsukushi: Ah, no! That's not it!
Tsukushi: We don't want to get on stage at CiRCLE until we're satisfied with our skill level.
Tsukushi: It would be rude to give a bad performance on the stage that our predecessors worked so hard to build.
Marina: I think you're overthinking this...
Marina: But it's nice to know you consider CiRCLE such an important venue.
Tsukushi: Of course it is. After all, if we'd never seen that concert at CiRCLE, we never would have started Morfonica.
Tsukushi: And with that, I must head to practice!
Tsukushi: I'm going to do my best to catch up to the other bands. Just wait and see!
