983_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Morning Call

Gacha phrase: I want to become the kind of person who can shine with pride.

<I Want to Know More>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall]

Rui: ... Do you intend to continue accompanying me?
Tsukushi: I didn't expect us to run into each other on our day off. It would be a waste not to!
Rui: I fail to see the meaning of your actions. Shopping is an activity best conducted alone.
Tsukushi: I knew you'd say that... But I think this will be good for Morfonica, too!
Rui: Do you really think shopping together will benefit Morfonica?
Tsukushi: Yes! We'll get to know each other better, and in doing so, we might become better at playing music in harmony!
Rui: Your method is highly inefficient. Practicing together is far more likely to produce the result you desire.
Tsukushi: Come on, you won't know unless you try, right? You and Toko-chan might never have gotten into a fight over the highlight of our new song if you'd known each other better!
Rui: That is hard to say. Such conjecture is pointless.
Tsukushi: Ugh, you're a hard nut to crack... By the way, I'd like to go to the bookstore. What about you, Rui-san?
Rui: ... I do have plans to visit the bookstore.
Tsukushi: See, even our destinations are the same! It's like a sign that we should go together, isn't it?
Rui: ... Sigh. Do as you wish.
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Ah, they have it! I'm so glad they still have copies of "Life With Plants!"
Rui: Is that your reason for wanting to come to the bookstore?
Tsukushi: Yes. It's a really interesting magazine! It goes over things like raising houseplants and decorating your room!
Tsukushi: Look! It's this month's feature on air plants! I've been interested in those, so maybe I should give them a try?
Rui: ... It seems you have an interest in houseplants.
Tsukushi: Mmhmm! Whenever you see a book on something you like, doesn't it make you want to buy it?
Rui: I have never used such a criterion to select a book. I only purchase ones that will improve my understanding of topics covered in class or that I find necessary for myself.
Tsukushi: I-I see... You're so disciplined. Say, what did you come to buy, Rui-san?
Rui: I came to purchase workbooks in preparation for final examinations.
Tsukushi: Ugh, finals...
Rui: ...? Was there something wrong with my statement?
Tsukushi: Nuh-uh, not at all. It's just... I might have forgotten about them...
Rui: ... If you get a failing grade, you will be required to take remedial classes. That will negatively impact band practice.
Tsukushi: D-don't worry! As long as I put my mind to it, that's not going to happen!
Rui: Good. Please pass on my warning to Kirigaya-san.
Tsukushi: Ahaha... Good idea... A-alright! Let's go to the next store!
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Wow~! Just look at all the pretty outfits! I've been wanting something new!
Rui: ... Do you mind if I wait outside since I have nothing to purchase?
Tsukushi: Huh?! Wait, wait! There might be something you'll need, Rui-san!
Rui: Considering what I have at home, I see no need to make additional purchases.
Tsukushi: O-oh... But don't you ever wish you had some of the things you see? Especially when there are this many shops around.
Rui: No. Whenever I purchase clothes, I leave the decision to the clerks.
Tsukushi: Oh yeah... I'd forgotten that's how you do things.
Rui: Doing so saves time and is more efficient. They also have better judgment than me when it comes to such matters since they are professionals.
Tsukushi: Hmm, all of your outfits always do look very sophisticated and stylish.
Tsukushi: I don't usually wear clothes like that, so I kind of want to try them.
Rui: If you wish to purchase what I am wearing, I can show you the store.
Tsukushi: Huh? Wearing the same thing would be embarrassing... I just want something similar in style!
Rui: This store should carry similar outfits.
Tsukushi: Y-you're probably right. But I'm not sure I'll be able to find a good-looking combination...
Rui: Asking one of the clerks to decide will save you time.
Tsukushi: I see! I-I think I'm going to give it a try... P-pardon me, I'm trying to...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: ... This isn't what I expected...
Rui: Is something the matter? They were able to provide you with what you requested.
Tsukushi: Well, yes... It's just that they recommended a really frilly dress...
Tsukushi: I just wish they'd recommended more sophisticated-looking outfits...
Rui: I do not see the problem. They provided you with even more than you had asked for.
Rui: However, it appears this method does not yield the results you seek. Since it does not suit you, I recommend that you not use it.
Tsukushi: I guess so... It probably just means this isn't the way to make me shine!
Tsukushi: Thank you, Rui-san!
Rui: ...? I do not remember doing anything to deserve your thanks.
Tsukushi: I'm thanking you because your way of thinking has given me ideas! And I also feel like I've gotten to know you better!
Tsukushi: Hey, where would you like to go next? A knick-knack shop? Restaurant?
Rui: ... I intend to eat lunch.
Tsukushi: Okay! Let's go to the café at the food court! My father runs it!
Rui: ... You are a very peculiar individual, Futaba-san.


<I'll Support You!>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Record Shop]

Tsukushi: Hmm... This one's so cool... Ah, I've also heard of this band...!
Marina: Tsukushi-chan? Why do you look so serious?
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san, too! I'm so glad I've run into the two of you!
Tsukushi: I need your help since you both work at a live house.
Marina: Wh-what is it? If you need help, we'll do what we can.
Tsukushi: Could you tell me which bands have good guitarists? I've been listening to so many that I'm starting to become unable to tell...
Marina: Oh. I'm glad it's nothing serious. I can give you a few recommendations.
Tsukushi: Great! Thank you very much!
Marina: But why guitarists? You're a drummer, and it doesn't look like you're doing this for studying.
Tsukushi: Actually, it is for studying! ... I recently helped Toko-chan with her guitar practice.
Tsukushi: She practiced for days from morning to night in order to learn how to play this one phrase.
Tsukushi: I wanted to do something as the band's leader to help her out...
Marina: But you weren't able to do as much as you'd hoped. Is that it?
Tsukushi: Exactly... Toko-chan eventually learned how to play it, but I feel like I should've been able to do more for her.
Tsukushi: That's why I want to study now so I can help her out if something like that happens again!
Tsukushi: But first, I need to learn what a good guitarist sounds like!
Marina: Gotcha. Morfonica's so lucky to have a leader like you.
Tsukushi: Y-you think so? There are still so many things I don't understand about bands and music, though...
Tsukushi: Eventually, I want to be able to offer advice for all the parts, not just the guitar...
Marina: Ahaha, I don't think anyone's that perfect~! I think doing what you can to help each other out is enough.
Tsukushi: I-I see... What I can, huh...?
Marina: Mmhmm. In your case, that means helping out the other band members as the leader, right?
Marina: I'm sure everyone finds you to be a big help!
Tsukushi: ...! D-do you really think they do?! Am I being useful to them?!
Marina: Absolutely. I think you're a great leader.
Tsukushi: W-well... I do go to Tsukinomori, after all! And I was voted class president!
Tsukushi: But what you just said means a lot to me. I'm going to keep working hard so that I can help everyone even more!
Marina: Oh~. You're on fire, Tsukushi-chan~. I can't wait to see what you're going to be doing.
Tsukushi: Fufu! I'll be sure not to disappoint you!
