1071_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 Master Lyricist Futaba

Gacha phrase: Well, I've come up with some pretty amazing lyrics, too.

<Learning How to Write Lyrics!>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Excuse me, table for one, please...
Tsugumi & Eve: Welcome~.
Tsukushi: Huh? Tsugumi-senpai and Eve-senpai? Do you two work here?
Eve: Hello, Tsukushi-san! This is actually Tsugumi-san's home.
Tsukushi: Ah, right, it's called Hazawa Coffee...! S-sorry, I didn't notice!
Tsugumi: Ahaha, that's totally fine. Sit wherever you like, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: Okay! Thank you very much! Then I'll take this corner seat.
Tsugumi: Sounds good. Enjoy~.
Tsukushi: While learning this is Tsugumi-senpai's home was kind of a surprise, it still feels like I can relax and get some studying done here.
Tsukushi: Alright, I can do this~!
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Urgh...
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, here. Have a blend coffee on the house.
Tsukushi: Th-thank you very much...! Oh, it's already been an hour.
Eve: You have been reading that book ever since you arrived here. Is it a very interesting book?
Tsugumi: You were super focused... Oh, there's papers here, too. Is this homework?
Tsukushi: No, it's not. I was thinking I'd study writing lyrics for songs, so I bought this.
Eve: "Methods of Songwriting for Beginners" ... Very nice choice!
Eve: I heard that Mashiro-san's your lyricist, isn't she? Have you started writing songs, too?
Tsukushi: Yeah... Mashiro-chan usually handles it, but she had a little trouble with our new song. So we all had a sleepover and worked it out together the other day.
Tsukushi: It's just that I didn't end up helping all that much...
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: So I was wondering, if I had studied songwriting, maybe there's more I could have said...
Tsukushi: That's why I thought I'd give it a shot today.
Tsugumi: Huh... Then are those papers you've got the lyrics you wrote today?
Tsukushi: This is... Well, it's kind of embarrassing to show you two, but these are the lyrics to some of my favorite songs...!
Tsugumi: Why would it be embarrassing...? Oh. These are from... "Brand New Days - Same As Always."
Eve: And these are from "Luminous Once More"! Poppin'Party, Roselia, and Hello, Happy World!'s songs are also here.
Tsukushi: Yeah. I'm looking at other people's lyrics and trying to interpret them myself.
Tsukushi: I thought it might be good practice for learning different ways I can express myself!
Tsugumi: That's a great idea. What song are you looking at right now?
Tsukushi: "Y.O.L.O!!!!!"
Tsugumi & Eve: Huh?!
Tsukushi: Wh-what's wrong?
Tsugumi: Oh, it's nothing. You just surprised me a little.
Eve: "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" is a very precious song that Pastel＊Palettes asked Afterglow to write.
Tsukushi: Really?! I had no idea...!
Tsukushi: U-um... If you have some time, could you take a look at what I've jotted down so far?
Eve: Yes! Of course!
Tsugumi: Sure. At least until other customers show up.
Tsukushi: Thank you so much! Th-then, I'm going to read what I wrote... Ahem.
Tsukushi: First, "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" is a song about encouraging short people.
Eve: ... I see!
Tsukushi: "Five people" must be referring to Pastel＊Palettes, right?
Tsukushi: Wait, but it's not like everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is short. Eve-senpai, you're pretty tall, after all. Maya-senpai is too...
Tsukushi: Ah! Then it must be the ones who wrote the song! Afterglow!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan is pretty tall, isn't she?!
Tsugumi: ... No, that's not important. Um... Tsukushi-chan, why do you think this song is about people's heights?
Tsukushi: B-because the lyrics have words like "size" in them... But I'm guessing I'm wrong, huh?
Tsugumi: Yeah, just a little...
Tsukushi: Ugh... Sorry...
Tsukushi: I'll think it over some more. Could you hear me out again later?
Eve: Of course!
Tsugumi: Just ask if you run into anything you don't get, okay? I'll try and answer whatever I can.
Tsukushi: Thank you! Okay~! I've got to make the most out of the time I've got with these great teachers!


<So That I Can Help Next Time>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: It's not often we finish work at this time of day, huh? Maybe I'll pick up some things before I head home... Hm? That girl over there wandering around, is that...?
Tsukushi: ...
Marina: Hello there, Tsukushi-chan. Are you looking for something?
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello...!
Tsukushi: Yeah, I dropped something. I think I lost it around here, but...
Marina: Oh, no! We'll help you look.
Tsukushi: No, no, you don't have to!
Tsukushi: It's not like it was an expensive book. It kind of sucks, but I'll just buy a new copy.
Marina: Really...? What kind of book was it, if you don't mind me asking?
Tsukushi: U-um... It was a book called "Methods of Songwriting for Beginners."
Marina: A book about songwriting? Tsukushi-chan, are you getting into writing music?
Tsukushi: No, absolutely not!
Tsukushi: Um, so you know how we played a new song at CiRCLE the other day, right...?
Marina: Ah, yeah! That song was great! The lyrics were so nice... They were stuck in my head for so long afterwards...
Tsukushi: R-really?! Mashiro-chan would be so happy if she heard that!
Tsukushi: Ah, but she actually really struggled with writing those lyrics...
Tsukushi: So I was thinking that if something like that ever happened again, I'd like to help her out more...
Marina: And that's why you bought a book on writing music. You really care about your bandmates, huh? You're a great leader.
Tsukushi: D-do you really think so...? Thank you so much!
Tsukushi: I want to do my best so that Mashiro-chan can turn to me for help when she gets stuck! Besides, I'm... kind of disappointed in myself...
Marina: Disappointed?
Tsukushi: We ended up getting together to brainstorm ideas for lyrics in order to finish the song, and...
Tsukushi: Someone said that my lyrics sounded like an elementary schooler's essay! Rude, right?
Tsukushi: I tried so hard too~...!
Marina: Ahaha, is that so? Gosh, it'd sure be great if I could see what you wrote someday~.
Tsukushi: Jeez, Marina-san!
Marina: I'm sorry, haha. You were just so cute, I couldn't help myself...
Marina: But writing lyrics really is hard. I'm sure Mashiro-chan will be really happy to know that you're trying to support her.
Tsukushi: ...! Thank you very much!
Tsukushi: Wait. Next to that flowerpot, is that...? No way!
Marina: It's a book... Oh! Could it be?
Tsukushi: It is~! This is the book I dropped. "Methods of Songwriting for Beginners"!
Marina: Wow! Thank goodness you found it~.
Tsukushi: Yeah! Okay, I've got to get going. We'll be back at CiRCLE for practice or to play a show sometime, okay?
