1146_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 My Bow Is Perfect!

Gacha phrase: Fufu! Well, I think I'm next!

<Strong Will!>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Alright, then just like always, it's time for our Morfonica meeting! Everyone, hands together...!
Mashiro, Toko, Nanami & Tsukushi: L-let's eat...  Time to eat!
Rui: ... So? What are we going to discuss today?
Tsukushi: Our last show, of course!
Mashiro: There were a lot of Tsukinomori students there, huh? It surprised me a little.
Nanami: Right~? Looks like a bunch of people must've seen our introduction corner and got interested~.
Tsukushi: I saw a lot of students wearing Toko-chan's T-shirts, too!
Toko: I know, right?! I really appreciated it~! And Shiro, you've been getting pretty good on the mic, don't you think?
Mashiro: R-really...?
Toko: Man~! I knew it, our time has come! Don't you think it's about time we get statues made of us like Hello, Happy World!?
Tsukushi: You're getting ahead of yourself again, Toko-chan! It's nice that everything went well and all, but we've got to make sure to reflect on what we can do better, too!
Nanami: Well then, Miss Rui-rui~. How was our playing this time~?
Rui: Hm... Passing marks, I suppose.
Toko: What?! What the heck are you sayin'? We were awesome! Especially that one part where I got to show off!
Rui: That was certainly not a bad showing. Still, just because you had your chance in the spotlight, that is no excuse to slack off afterwards.
Toko: Ack...!
Tsukushi: True, you did begin to rush a bit after that...
Toko: H-hey, I made sure to practice the rest of my parts, too!
Rui: Is that so? Then I look forward to the day when all of that practice actually pays off.
Mashiro: Ahaha, there they go again...
Tsukushi: That's just how motivated the two of them are, right? Yup, that's gotta be it!
Nanami: I'm getting pretty used to seeing this now~.
Toko: Oh, then take a look at this! We've got a bunch of comments online talking about the show!
Nanami: Ohhh~, you're right. There are so many posts...! And a lot of them aren't even from our school either~.
Toko: It's all thanks to my excellent PR work, of course~! How's that, Rui?! Everyone's saying they loved us, you know!
Rui: In my opinion, only focusing on positive comments will not help us locate any problem points we need to address.
Toko: Ohhh~! There's just no getting through to you~!
Nanami: Still, I think the fact we're getting way more positive comments than before is a pretty good sign~.
Mashiro: Y-you... might have a point... When we were first starting out, I was too scared to look us up online...
Tsukushi: True, we had a lot of critics saying some harsh things about us. I was a little afraid of looking at them myself.
Rui: That much was to be expected, considering our lack of experience. But Hiromachi-san is correct. An increase in positive comments regarding us is an important fact to acknowledge.
Nanami: Yup. Little by little, Morfonica's making a name for itself~.
Mashiro: Yeah... Hopefully, that means we're getting closer and closer to reaching that spot where we can sparkle and shine.
Tsukushi: But that's no excuse to let our guard down now! As Tsukinomori students, we have to keep practicing so we put on proper performances that don't disappoint!
Nanami: Oh~, that's the spirit, Tsu-chan. That was pretty leader-like of you~.
Tsukinomori Student A: U-um...! You're Morfonica, right...?
Tsukushi: Hm? That's right, we're Morfonica!
Tsukinomori Student B: I knew it! I saw you all play at that show the other day! You were so good!
Toko: Oh, seriously?! Thanks for coming! How was it? Who was coolest?! It was me, right?!
Tsukinomori Student A: Y-yeah...! Toko-chan was cool, but I thought Futaba-san's drumming was really amazing...!
Tsukushi: ... Huh? M-me?!
Tsukinomori Student B: Yes! You're so small and cute, but when you were playing, you suddenly seemed like a giant onstage!
Tsukushi: You didn't have to mention my height! But... I see. Thank you!
Tsukushi: I-I suppose it's true. When I'm playing, I'm always reminding myself that I can't let people just write me off because of my size.
Tsukinomori Student A: Really...? That's so cool...!
Tsukinomori Student B: It was our first time going to a live house, so the flyers you set out here at school were really helpful!
Tsukushi: W-well, I'm pretty used to going to live houses, you know! If you ever have any questions, feel free to ask!
Tsukinomori Student B: Okay! We're sorry for interrupting you all. Have a nice day~.
Tsukushi: ... Heh... Ehehe~.
Toko: Look at you, Fusuke! You're grinning from ear to ear!
Tsukushi: D-don't tease me! It's just... actually meeting one of the people that came to see us was...!
Nanami: You sure seemed like a leader there, but now that's up and gone somewhere~.
Tsukushi: In any case! We've got to keep working hard so we can keep putting on great shows for our fans! We're going to practice super hard after school, got it?!


<Until We're Equals>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Tsukushi: Hm... What should I get to drink? Who would have thought there'd be this many types of juice...!
Marina: Let me see... I'd recommend this. The pineapple juice here is pretty popular, you know.
Tsukushi: Ah! M-Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Tsukushi: Phew, that was such a surprise. I didn't expect to hear your voices out of nowhere.
Marina: Fufu, sorry. You looked like you were thinking so hard, I just couldn't help myself.
Tsukushi: Ah, um, well, there's just so many types of juices here... but thank you. I'll go with what you recommend today.
Marina: Oh, I hope you like it, then.
Tsukushi: That's right, I saw the Poppin'Party introduction corner here the other day! It was so much fun!
Marina: So you came to visit? Fufu, we're pretty happy we asked Poppin'Party for help, too.
Tsukushi: I learned so much about them, it feels like I'm just a little bit closer to them now!
Tsukushi: I even wrote a message for them on their comment corner, right next to Mashiro-chan's!
Marina: Oh yeah, I bet Poppin'Party will be really happy to hear that. Now that you mention it though, Morfonica did something similar at your school, right?
Tsukushi: Yes! We wanted the rest of the school to learn more about us and what it's like going to a live house!
Marina: I see. I was just thinking about how there have been a lot of kids holding Morfonica flyers when they come here to order drinks lately...
Tsukushi: Oh! That's probably because there's a live house manual written on the back side of our flyer.
Tsukushi: I put a lot of information on there to make their first live house experience as smooth as possible. Like what to bring, how to order drinks, things like that...
Marina: Huh~. I think I'd actually like to take a look at that.
Tsukushi: Oh, I've got some in my backpack so I'm always ready to hand one out to anyone that wants one... Here!
Marina: Thanks! Let's see... Wow, you've made it really easy to understand.
Tsukushi: Really?! Thank goodness~...
Marina: So you've been making these flyers to encourage more people to come to live houses...
Marina: As someone who works at one of those live houses, that makes me really happy!
Tsukushi: The two of you have helped us out so much, so it's the least I can do!
Marina: Morfonica's been great to us, too~. Oh, that's it! What if we had Morfonica do an introduction corner next?
Tsukushi: Huh? U-us? At CiRCLE? Is that really okay?!
Marina: Of course! We were actually just thinking about asking other bands if they'd be interested.
Tsukushi: Wow! Everyone will be so happy once I tell them!
Tsukushi: ... Oh, but I'm sorry. Please put that offer on hold!
Marina: Hm? Why? I bet your fans would love it...
Tsukushi: We still have yet to really prove ourselves here at CiRCLE, so I think it's too early for us!
Tsukushi: Someday, when Morfonica is able to proudly show ourselves here with confidence, that's when I want to do it!
Marina: ... Fufu, got it! If that's the case, then we'll be waiting for you.
Tsukushi: Thank you so much! I feel even more motivated now that I've got a new goal to set my sights on!
Tsukushi: Okay~, I've got to get even better and better at playing the drums! I'm heading to practice!
Marina: Okay! Good luck, Tsukushi-chan!
Marina: ... Ah, wait, hold on a sec! Do you still want that pineapple juice?!
Tsukushi: Huh? Oh! I-I completely forgot...!
