1170_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Proof of My Skills!

Gacha phrase: Because I'm going to show you what I can do, Rui-san!

<Kind Interference>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Café]

Toko: Mmm~! This iced latte is amazing~! Coffee tastes best after working hard~.
Nanami: The sweetness just soaks into you. I almost want another slice of cake.
Tsukushi: Programs, schedules, and flyers... I can't believe we did that much all in one day.
Mashiro: And we still have two more days to go... I wonder if we can do it.
Toko: Don't worry! I'm here, so we'll be able to finish any job in a flash!
Tsukushi: Yeah, if we work hard, we can do it! We can't give up now!
Nanami: That's right. And we won't finish unless we keep going.
Tsukushi: Yeah, yeah! We have to learn from Rui-san's example! Did you see how quietly she worked that whole time?
Mashiro: Aside from when she was checking the things we made, she didn't say a word the whole time.
Nanami: No, she didn't. And didn't she finish three times as many papers as we did?
Toko: Yeah! How does she not get tired looking at all those letters?
Nanami: You lost focus after thirty minutes of work, didn't you, Toko-chan?
Tsukushi: Actually, it's pretty amazing that she was entrusted with so much considering she's only a first-year student.
Tsukushi: I heard this from my friend on the student council, but all the other first years paired up with one of the older students.
Tsukushi: Rui-san's a first year too, but she did it all on her own.
Toko: Aren't we admiring her a bit too much? I thought we were trying to prove her wrong.
Tsukushi: Obviously, I haven't forgotten that! We're going to show Rui-san what we're made of.
Nanami: Fufu, I like it when you're fired up, Tsu-chan.
Nanami: Even this time, I was so surprised that you went and got the student council president's permission~.
Toko: Yeah, yeah! You're so pushy, Fusuke!
Tsukushi: Pushy...? You can talk, Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: And besides, even I was a little worried about that.
Tsukushi: I was worried whether I was meddling too much~.
Mashiro: Huh, really?
Tsukushi: Yeah... Like, I don't think Rui-san would have cared if she couldn't play in the recital.
Toko: Then why did you decide to help?
Tsukushi: Because it'd be such a waste! I just know it will be a really good show if she performs.
Nanami: I get you~. I think everyone will be moved by Rui-rui's violin.
Mashiro: The crowd is always mesmerized by her when she does solos at our concerts.
Tsukushi: Yeah! So it felt so silly for her to miss out on giving an amazing show just because her schedule didn't line up...
Tsukushi: That's why I want to finish all our work in the next two days. So that she can choose to play.
Tsukushi: If Rui-san decides not to participate, then it can't be helped, but as her friend, I want to do what I can for her.
Nanami: Tsu-chan...
Toko: Huh, you think way more than I thought you would, Fusuke.
Tsukushi: Hey~, what do you mean by that?!
Toko: Ahh, no, no. I wasn't making fun of you, I just mean, like, you're a really good friend!
Nanami: Yeah, yeah, you are very empathetic.
Mashiro: Now that I think about it, when I was having trouble fitting in at school, you were the one who talked to me, Tsukushi-chan.
Mashiro: I was surprised at first... But thanks to that, I'm now in a band with all of you.
Tsukushi: Hey- What's gotten into you...?!
Toko: Ahh, Fusuke's gone bright red!
Tsukushi: U-ugh~, don't mock me~!
Mashiro, Nanami & Toko: Fufu. Ahaha!
Nanami: We'd better step it up a bit since our leader is saying all of this~.
Mashiro: You're right... I had better do my best not to get in the way.
Toko: Alright~! Rui better be ready for her punishment~.
Mashiro: Toko-chan, you really want to punish Rui-san, don't you...?
Tsukushi: You guys... Okay! We've got two more days, so let's finish this!
All: Yeah!


<Trust Me More!>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: I'm exhausted~. I didn't think we had that many papers to organize.
Marina: What do you want to drink? We'd better take a proper break after that.
Tsukushi: Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Ah, Tsukushi-chan! Hello. Are you headed somewhere?
Tsukushi: I have band practice!
Tsukushi: We were supposed to do it this morning, but then Rui-san had to do something for the student council.
Marina: On the weekend? That's rough.
Tsukushi: At first, only the upperclassmen were going to do it, but then the president said she wanted Rui-san to help too.
Marina: Wow, so they requested her?
Tsukushi: The student council really relies on Rui-san!
Marina: That's amazing~. Rui-chan must be able to do almost anything on her own then.
Tsukushi: Yes... But I don't like that! I wish she would rely on us a little more...!
Marina: Tsukushi-chan...? What's wrong?
Tsukushi: To tell you the truth, the other day, all of Morfonica helped out for an event run by the student council.
Tsukushi: But what do you think Rui-san said when we told her we would help?
Marina: Umm... I'm not sure.
Tsukushi: She said it would be faster for her to work alone! And that was just so, so frustrating...
Tsukushi: So we worked hard and finished all the work in a number of days that Rui-san said would be impossible!
Marina: Oh~, that's great! Good job!
Tsukushi: It was possible because we all worked together. I'm sure Rui-san will look at us differently now!
Tsukushi: You said this just before, but Rui-san can do almost everything on her own.
Tsukushi: But there are only so many hours in a day, so she can't actually do everything...
Marina: I get you, I get you. I'd love to do more events at CiRCLE, but we don't have enough staff, so I never go through with them.
Tsukushi: At times like this, I want to help Rui-san. As her fellow band member and friend.
Tsukushi: So I hope that the next time she needs help, she'll remember what we did for her this time and reach out to us.
Marina: I think Rui-chan would be happy to hear you feel this way.
Tsukushi: I hope so... I want to keep working even harder so it's easier for her to rely on us!
Tsukushi: ... Oh? Mashiro-chan messaged me... Whaaat~?!
Marina: Wh-what wrong?
Tsukushi: She said that band practice has already started... It seems like I got the time wrong.
Tsukushi: I have to hurry! Excuse me, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: O-okay. Have a good practice.
Tsukushi: Thank you! Now, see you...!
