1227_Tsukushi Futaba_R2 Starry Night’s Twinkle

<Drawing What’s in Your Heart>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Guitar tuning, done! Score ready!
Toko: Alright, let's start practicing!
Tsukushi: Wait! Nanami-chan and Rui-san aren't here yet.
Mashiro: They said in chat that they should be here soon.
Toko: Okay, while we wait, let me tell you about my amazing exploits then! During PE today-
Tsukushi: Hm? A message...?
Tsukushi: Ah, really?! Yay~!
Toko: Whoa, you freaked me out... What was that for, Fusuke?
Tsukushi: It was a message from my little sisters. They said they were praised during art class.
Toko: Huh~, nice!
Tsukushi: I actually taught them how to draw last weekend! I'm so glad it helped~.
Mashiro: Wow, Tsukushi-chan. I would never be able to teach other people. You're amazing.
Tsukushi: Fufu, of course! I'm their big sister, after all!
Mashiro: I'm not sure what being an older sister has anything to do with it...
Toko: You know, I had no idea you were good at art, Fusuke. If you can teach other people, it must mean you're pretty good.
Tsukushi: Not at all. I'm an amateur when it comes to drawing, and I can't teach any techniques. But I did tell them a bit about the proper mindset!
Mashiro: Proper mindset?
Tsukushi: Yes! I told them they should draw what they want instead of overthinking things!
Toko: Uh, that doesn't sound like real advice.
Mashiro: I thought you might've given them practical advice like composition tips...
Tsukushi: Don't get me wrong, I think technique is important too.
Tsukushi: But Nanami-chan said if you focus too much on the technical side, you won't be able to enjoy drawing.
Toko: Yeah~, I guess. I can kinda see the point.
Tsukushi: When I arrived a little early for band practice the other day, Nanami-chan was painting. She looked so happy.
Tsukushi: The way she smiled as her brush danced so freely along the canvas made me smile inside too.
Tsukushi: I think the reason her picture was so good is that she herself enjoyed the process.
Mashiro: ... I kind of know what you mean. She's a talented artist, but it feels like there's something more to her pictures.
Toko: Exactly! There's this something you can't put into words!
Toko: You know, that advice you gave your sisters about painting the way they want might actually have been pretty good. Not bad, Fusuke!
Tsukushi: Fufu, right~?
Mashiro: Fufu... Drawing the way you want, huh?
Mashiro: I hope I can do that for art class next week.
Toko: What are you doing next week?
Tsukushi: Sketches! The same one your class did, Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: Are you worried about the assignment, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yes, a little. I'm not sure I'll be able to paint well.
Tsukushi: I see... Ah, then do you want to practice together next weekend?
Mashiro: Are you sure you won't mind?
Tsukushi: Of course! I was planning to get some practice anyway.
Mashiro: Okay, then let's practice together. Thank you.
Tsukushi: Let's do our best! But don't focus too much on trying to draw well, okay?
Tsukushi: After all, drawing the way you want is what's most important!


<Operation Challenge Myself>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Tsukushi: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello!
Tsukushi: Yes, I'm on my way to go shopping with Nanami-chan.
Tsukushi: She should be done with work at the restaurant, so I'm on my way to pick her up there.
Tsukushi: She's incredible! She just started, but she's already memorized the layout of the entire menu!
Tsukushi: The other day, I went to go see her at work with everyone else, and she looked so amazing~.
Tsukushi: She looked so grown-up working in her restaurant uniform.
Tsukushi: Even the fact that she decided to work is so impressive. I need to do better!
Tsukushi: I don't want to be left behind when my friend's trying out new things!
Tsukushi: Starting big might be a bit difficult, so I plan to start small and give it my all!
Tsukushi: My first goal will be the achievement test! I want to do well and make it into the top ten within my grade.
Tsukushi: And after that comes the concert! Now that our new song is done, I want to put on a good performance.
Tsukushi: Fufu, thank you for the support! Alright~, I'm going to do it~!
Tsukushi: Hm...? A message? Ah, it's from Nanami-chan.
Tsukushi: What?! She's already done?! I need to hurry...!
Tsukushi: I-I'm sorry, it looks like she's done with work...
Tsukushi: Please excuse me! And good luck with work!
Tsukushi: Goodbye~!
