1274_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 One at a Time

Gacha phrase: Ah, agh~!

<Reason for Restlessness>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: ... Are they not here yet...? It's nearly time for their reservation...
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan? What's the matter?
Eve: You have been looking outside of the café for some time...
Tsukushi: N-no, it's nothing! I'll go wipe down the tables.  Sigh, things are so busy...!
Eve & Tsugumi: ...?
Toko: Hello~!
Tsukushi: Ah, everyone!
Nanami: Oh~, it's Tsu-chan~.
Rui: Futaba-san, good day.
Toko: Hey, that apron looks good on you! You're really stylin'!
Mashiro: Yeah. You really seem like you're part of the staff.
Tsukushi: Come on~. I don't seem like it, I really am part of the staff! More importantly, welcome!
Tsukushi: I'll lead you to some seats. Please come this way!
Eve: So all of the members of Morfonica were coming to the café.
Tsugumi: Fufu... That's why Tsukushi-chan was restless.
Tsukushi: Here are some menus. What would you like to order?
Toko & Nanami: Oh~.
Toko: Fusuke, you seem pretty good at this. You really are working a part-time job!
Tsukushi: Fufu. I told you I could handle this, didn't I?
Tsukushi: I've gotten to the point that they can leave everything in the café to me!
Mashiro: Everything...? Wow. If it were me, I'd panic just leading the customers to their seat...
Nanami: And it's not even been a full month yet. You really must've put in a lot of effort~.
Rui: True. Futaba-san, you are not exactly a quick learner, so it must have taken you a rather long time to learn everything, correct?
Tsukushi: N-not at all! I've obviously done things perfectly since I started!
Toko: Are you sure~? This is you we're talking about, so I was betting you'd be making some mistakes.
Toko: Tsugu-san, Eve-san. How has our girl here been?
Tsukushi: ...!
Tsugumi: Well... Tsukushi-chan has been working really proactively.
Eve: She would even clean up tables for us while we were taking orders!
Tsugumi: I think that level of work isn't something she'd be able to pull off unless she was properly watching the café.
Toko: Wow~! Those are rave reviews! Fusuke, you're really killin' this part-time job!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Fufu. That's only natural for me!
Tsukushi: (Tsugumi-senpai, Eve-senpai, thank you both so much...!)
Nanami: Hey, Tsu-chan. What's the special of the day that's written here on the menu?
Tsukushi: Today it's a Pao de Lo and tea set!
Toko: What's Pao de Lo?
Rui: I believe that is Portuguese castella.
Tsukushi: You got it right, Rui-san! It's one of Hazawa Coffee's new dishes! I was the one who suggested it.
Tsukushi: It's really good, so you should all give it a try!
Mashiro: You're even helping with the café menu? Tsukushi-chan, that's amazing.
Nanami: In that case, let's go with Tsu-chan's recommendation~. I'll have the Pao de Lo!
Rui: Very well, I do not mind that choice.
Mashiro: Okay, I'll have that too.
Toko: Okay then, Fusuke. We'll take four sets!
Tsukushi: Understood. Please wait for a moment while I get your orders!
Tsukushi: I have customer orders! Four Pao de Lo and tea sets!
Nanami: Fufu, I can't wait to see what kind of sweet it is~. Rui-rui, have you had it before?
Rui: Just once. More importantly, there is something that I would like to ask you, Hiromachi-san.
Nanami: What's that?
Rui: We questioned a moment ago whether Futaba-san was able to carry out her part-time job perfectly, did we not?
Rui: It seemed to me that Hazawa-san's and Eve-san's answers to that question strayed from the point, but what did you think?
Nanami: Ahaha... Well, I don't think the details are important. And there's no real need to pry any further than that. Also...
Tsukushi: Thank you for waiting! Here are your four Pao de Lo and tea sets!
Toko: Oh, here we go! Let's dig in~!
Mashiro: Whoa, there's cream on the inside... It tastes really rich.
Toko: What is this?! It's super good...!
Tsukushi: I know, right~? Well, that's a given though!
Nanami: As you can see, Tsu-chan is working happily, so let's leave things as they are~.
Rui: ... I wonder if that is the correct way to approach this.
Tsukushi: Ah, a customer! Okay, I'll be back!
Toko: See ya later~. Good luck out there, Fusuke~.
Tsukushi: Welcome! I'll lead you to a seat. Please come this way!


<Someone I Look Up To>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Sigh~, I'm beat~. Why don't we take a break and get something to drink? We have to rest while we can.
Tsukushi: Marina-san~! {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Tsukushi-chan, hello. Are you heading out somewhere?
Tsukushi: Yes! I've got my part-time job at Hazawa Coffee!
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Tsugumi-chan~. She said you started recently.
Marina: How has it been actually working?
Tsukushi: It's really rewarding!
Tsukushi: I'd always admired my dad for how he works, so it's been so much fun!
Tsukushi: I always learn something every time I go into work, and it really feels like I'm growing!
Marina: I know what you mean~. When you can actively see yourself changing, it makes you want to try different things, right?
Tsukushi: It does! Now I want to learn as quickly as I can so I can be of use to the café!
Tsukushi: Ah, although I'm making sure not to rush myself.
Tsukushi: Once I'm able to properly handle each immediate task individually, then eventually I'll be able to handle everything!
Marina: I think that's really important.
Marina: If you try to do a bunch of things at once, there are times you might get confused.
Tsukushi: Yeah. I had a few small failures because of that...
Tsukushi: But thanks to Tsugumi-senpai helping me here and there, now it's not a problem!
Marina: Fufu. Tsugumi-chan is really kind, isn't she?
Tsukushi: Yes! She's also really amazing.
Tsukushi: No matter how busy things are, she's really skillful and attentive to everything around her.
Tsukushi: She's so very reliable!
Marina: Fufu. Does that mean you look up to Tsugumi-chan?
Tsukushi: Yeah... I think I do.
Tsukushi: That's because Tsugumi-senpai is as cool as my dad.
Tsukushi: ... Oh no, it's already this late! I have to get to the café.
Tsukushi: Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. I should be going now.
Marina: Okay! Good luck at work!
Tsukushi: And the same to both of you as well!
Tsukushi: Now then, if you'll excuse me...!
Marina: Fufu. Tsukushi-chan is really energetic. She's gotten me motivated.
Marina: Alrighty, let's do it~. Yeah!
