1296_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm their... precious friend...?

<Braiding Together>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: Now then, once again, happy birthday, Tsu-chan~!
Tsukushi: Everyone, thank you so much for today! You prepared a cake and snacks... Having you all throw such a lavish celebration makes it the greatest birthday!
Nanami: But you know, Tsu-chan, this isn't all there is~. We've got one more present from all of us~.
Tsukushi: Huh? Really? What is it?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, would you close your eyes for a little bit?
Tsukushi: Huh? Close my eyes...? Why...?
Toko: C'mon, Fusuke, just hurry up and do it~! We're not gonna do anything bad to you!
Tsukushi: Ngh... You saying that just gives me a bad feeling about this...
Nanami: It's okay, Tsu-chan. It's just for a little while, so don't worry and close your eyes.
Tsukushi: O-okay... Well then...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Wow, this hairstyle is amazing...!
Mashiro: You look great, Tsukushi-chan! Let me take a closer look at you.
Rui: A single hairstyle will not change one's human nature... But it certainly might alter the first impression you give others.
Nanami: What do you think? Do you like your Morfonica-style hairdo~?
Tsukushi: Yeah! It's so nice... Thank you, everyone!
Toko: Oh, Fusuke, that's a great smile! Now then, I'll snap a pic of you~! Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Secret Practice>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Tsukushi: I practiced a lot again today~. But I still have to work even harder!
Aya: Ah, it's Tsukushi-chan. Hello!
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai! Hello. Are you on your way home from work?
Aya: Yep. I had a magazine interview today.
Tsukushi: I'm sure you did well! Ah, I saw your last TV appearance. Your hairstyle was very cute!
Aya: Wow, thank you! One of the hairstylists did my hair for me. With your hair length, I bet you could pull it off too.
Tsukushi: Really? I'd like to give it a try~...
Aya: Fufu, do you like styling your hair?
Tsukushi: I do! Actually, on my birthday, the other members in Morfonica styled my hair for me in a really cute way. Here's a picture from that time.
Aya: Wow, that looks so good on you! It's really cute! I'd love to be able to style my hair like that too~.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! When I looked at it in the mirror afterward, it looked really complex. It made me think that the others must have practiced a lot...
Tsukushi: That's why I was so happy... It was such a shame I had to undo it when I took a bath that night.
Aya: Ngh... That's so true... N-ngh...
Tsukushi: Huh?! Wh-why are you crying?!
Aya: W-well~... When I thought about how the other girls must've felt, it moved me to tears...
Tsukushi: P-please don't cry about it~!
Aya: Sorry, I can't help it... The other girls worked so earnestly for their precious friend...
Tsukushi: I'm their precious friend...?
Tsukushi: ... Aya-senpai. Thanks to you, I feel even happier!
Aya: Fufu, I'm glad you had such a lovely birthday, Tsukushi-chan!
Aya: Once again, happy birthday. Let's both keep doing our best from now on!
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! I will of course do my very best as the leader of our band!
