1314_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 A Sign of Feeling Proud

Gacha phrase: All it really means is that you wanted to compliment yourself!

<Two Thank You's>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[After School]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Tsukushi: Ready to go, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yeah, all set.
Tsukushi: Okay, then let's head to the atelier. Toko-chan said she and the others are waiting for us by the gates.
Tsukushi: Hm? ... Fufu. See? She sent me a message. "C'mon, hurry up and lets go~!"
Mashiro: Toko-chan's really fired up, huh?
Tsukushi: Of course she is! I think that Blue Sky Band Contest lit a spark under all of us.
Tsukushi: We can definitely do better! We just need to practice lots more...!
Mashiro: Yeah... U-um, Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: What's up?
Mashiro: I wanted to apologize for... the other day... I said those horrible things to you, even though you were so worried for me.
Tsukushi: The other day...?
Mashiro: Um... On the riverbank...
Tsukushi: Ah, that~. Wait, you're bringing that up now?
Mashiro: I've wanted to apologize ever since then, but wasn't sure when the right time would be...
Mashiro: I'm so sorry.
Tsukushi: Oh, don't worry about it. I wasn't thinking about how you felt, either.
Tsukushi: So we're even, okay?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan... Thanks.
Tsukushi: Fufu... Gosh, I just said not to worry about it, didn't I?
Tsukushi: Besides, I'm the one that should be thanking you.
Mashiro: Huh?
Tsukushi: Your speech really touched me.
Tsukushi: It really showed me just how much you care for Morfonica!
Tsukushi: And thanks to your speech, I grew to love Morfonica even more.
Mashiro: Me too. I love this band more than ever.
Tsukushi: Now that I think about it, there was another moment that really made me happy~.
Mashiro: Could it be... Rui-san?
Tsukushi: Right! It was when she said those words! "Please let me be part of Morfonica again!"
Mashiro: They've stuck with me ever since that day.
Tsukushi: Rui-san's never said anything like that before, after all. You know, it feels like Morfonica's finally a complete band again.
Mashiro: I know what you mean. You all sounded like you were having a lot of fun at our last practice.
Tsukushi: I guess in the end, music's all about... harmony. Right?
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Fufu...
Tsukushi: Still, I feel like I learned a lot from everything that happened. You've got to say how you feel, or else people aren't going to understand!
Tsukushi: Communication is super important! So let's keep talking like this after school and during recess, okay?
Tsukushi: That goes for all five of us, of course!
Mashiro: Yeah...
Tsukushi: ... Oh, Toko-chan messaged me again. Huh? Um...
Mashiro: "You two are seriously super late! Prepare to get punished later, got it?!" ... Toko-chan might be a little mad at us...
Tsukushi: We might have made her wait a little too long... Come on, we've got to hurry! Let's go, Mashiro-chan...!
Mashiro: Ah, Tsukushi-chan, wait...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Working Toward the Same Goal>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: What should I get to drink today~? Have you decided yet?
Tsukushi: Marina-san~, {{userName}}-san~!
Marina: Tsukushi-chan! Hi there. Are you headed out somewhere?
Tsukushi: I've got work soon! Are you two on break?
Marina: Yup. We thought we'd get some drinks here at the café. Have you gotten used to your part-time job yet?
Tsukushi: You bet I have! They've been giving me all sorts of different things to do lately!
Tsukushi: I say that, but there's still lots I have to learn, though.
Marina: Fufu, you're sure fired up~.
Tsukushi: I guess... Maybe it's because of Mashiro-chan and Rui-san.
Marina: What about them?
Tsukushi: You see, an awful lot happened lately... Morfonica almost broke up.
Marina: Ah, I've heard a little bit about that. Sounds like you all had a rough time.
Tsukushi: Yeah... But it's thanks to what we went through that I learned a lot more about how Mashiro-chan and Rui-san feel!
Tsukushi: It made me realize... Everyone's trying their hardest to change themselves.
Tsukushi: Including me. I'm always so desperately trying to become the me I want to be...
Tsukushi: Finding out I'm not the only one who feels like that is... Well, I don't know how to put it, but... it made me feel a little better.
Marina: I think I know what you mean. Stuff that might scare you on your own is a lot easier to deal with when you're with friends, right?
Tsukushi: Right! It makes me really happy to know we're all working towards the same goal!
Marina: Fufu... I was a little worried after I'd heard about what was going on, but it sounds like you've all gotten even closer than ever.
Tsukushi: Yeah. I feel that way, too.
Tsukushi: Well, Toko-chan and Rui-san still have their spats, though.
Marina: Ahaha, I can see that~.
Tsukushi: ... Oh! Look at the time! I'm sorry, I've got to get going.
Tsukushi: Thanks for chatting with me!
Marina: No problem. Have fun at work!
Tsukushi: I will! Whether it be my job or my band, I'll try even harder than ever!
Tsukushi: Okay! I'll come back to CiRCLE again soon.
Tsukushi: Bye-bye!
