1390_Tsukushi Futaba_R2 Reliable President

<The Tsukushi Switch>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Nanami: They're still not here yet~. I wonder if they'll start showing up soon...
Tsukushi: Pant... Pant... I-I'm sorry for making you wait...!
Nanami: Ah, you're here! Hi...
Nanami: ... Hrm? What's wrong? Why are you so out of breath?
Tsukushi: I-I made it on time...
Nanami: Made it on time? You're the first one here.
Tsukushi: What? Really...? I guess it's because I ran here in a hurry...
Tsukushi: But I'm glad I wasn't late...
Nanami: Umm, for now, come sit in this chair. Have a drink and relax.
Nanami: Here, I made some tea. Have some~.
Tsukushi: Th-thank you... Sigh... It smells nice...
Nanami: Did something happen?
Tsukushi: Well, actually... after I finished work, I ran a marathon with Hina-senpai and Hagumi-senpai.
Nanami: What? You ran a marathon with them...?
Tsukushi: Yes. While I was working, Hina-senpai and Hagumi-senpai came to the café.
Tsukushi: Hina-senpai is helping Hagumi-senpai study. Hagumi-senpai said that the way she teaches is really fun and easy to understand, so I wanted to study with them too.
Tsukushi: I was thinking that my sisters might enjoy studying more if I could teach them better too.
Nanami: Oh~, okay. But then why were you running...?
Tsukushi: Um, Hina-senpai was showing how a math problem can be solved by moving your body...
Tsukushi: So to solve the problem she made, I ran with them to the next town.
Nanami: The next town? Isn't that pretty far...?
Tsukushi: Yeah. But as I ran, I understood the point of the lesson... I realized that the best way to teach anything is to experience it.
Nanami: Wow~, that's an interesting way to study~.
Nanami: I've also hung out with Hina-senpai before, and she's kind of a free spirit. She has a fun way of thinking~.
Tsukushi: Yeah. And it wasn't just Hina-senpai. Hagumi-senpai was incredible. Once she starts running, she doesn't stop... I tried to keep up, but I could barely catch my breath.
Nanami: Ahh, she does seem like she has a lot of energy, and like she can run really fast~.
Nanami: It's nice that you can become friends with a lot of upperclassmen like that. Working a part-time job lets you meet so many different people~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, I think it does! I'm happy because, ever since I started my part-time job, I've had more chances to talk with a lot of upperclassmen!
Nanami: I bet. And you can learn so much stuff you can't learn at school either~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, I learned a lot. Hopefully, I can study with them again.
Nanami: Right~. Tsu-chan, you're such a hard worker.
Nanami: Just make sure you don't work too hard, okay?
Tsukushi: Thanks, Nanami-chan. But I'll be all right.
Nanami: Really~? Next time, Hina-senpai may say you have to run to the next, next town over~.
Tsukushi: Y-you're right...!
Tsukushi: I-I'd better start training for a marathon so I can be ready for the next lesson...!
Nanami: (Ah, uh-oh. Did I just flip a switch inside Tsu-chan...?)
Tsukushi: Okay~, from today on, I'm going to work even harder~!
Nanami: (Ahaha... But I guess it's no use trying to talk Tsu-chan out of working hard~.)
Nanami: Gosh~. Oh, well.
Nanami: Okay, if you're going to try so hard, then I'll give you a special present~.
Tsukushi: A present?
Tsukushi: ... Wow~, these cookies look really good! Are you sure I can have these?
Nanami: Yeah. My dad just gave me these. He said this sweets shop's cookies are super good.
Nanami: But I only have two bags, so don't tell the others, okay?
Tsukushi: Okay. Thank you!
Tsukushi: Ehehe... When I get home, maybe I'll share some with my sisters.
Nanami: You should~. They'll love them~.


<Leadership Training!>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Residential Area]

Marina: That's everything we needed to buy. All right, let's head back.
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Ah, hi, Tsukushi-chan. Going out somewhere?
Tsukushi: Ah, no. Today, Morfonica is meeting to study for a test together.
Marina: Oh~, that's right. It's great that you all are studying together~.
Tsukushi: Yes! We are Tsukinomori students, so we have to take our classes seriously.
Marina: That you do. Ah, by the way, I heard from Hina-chan and Hagumi-chan that you were studying with them.
Tsukushi: Yes, I learned a lot from Hina-senpai!
Tsukushi: We ran a marathon with Hagumi-senpai to the next town!
Marina: A-a marathon...?
Tsukushi: Ah, um, we ran so we could understand a math problem more easily!
Marina: Ohhh. Fufu. That's an interesting way to study.
Tsukushi: Yes, it was. At first, I was really surprised too. But when Hina-senpai brought me to run with them, I understood the math problem so easily!
Tsukushi: I had heard from Tsugumi-senpai that Hina-senpai can do anything and is extremely popular, but...
Tsukushi: When I was with her, the way she'd take action was... Her ability to get others involved was incredible. I was awestruck!
Marina: Yeah, Hina-chan is very charismatic. She has this strange power that draws people into whatever she's doing.
Tsukushi: Yes, exactly! And she made me think again... about how I would like to have a power like that.
Tsukushi: I'm the leader of my band, so I feel like if I was better at bringing things together like that, then the band would be better too!
Tsukushi: I still can't draw in those around me like Hina-senpai can... But if I work hard at it, I think I'll be able to...!
Marina: Yeah, knowing you, I'm sure you're getting closer and closer to who you want to be.
Tsukushi: Y-you think so? Thank you! Ehehe... That's nice of you to say.
Tsukushi: ... Hrm? Was that my phone? ... Ah, it's from Toko-chan!
Tsukushi: "Fusukeee~, you're late~! You'll have to be punished!"... What?!
Marina: P-punished...?
Tsukushi: Ah, no! I'll be okay! Argh~! Toko-chan just says whatever she wants~!
Tsukushi: I'm sorry, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I have to go!
Marina: O-okay! Be careful! See you.
