1406_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Early Lipstick

Gacha phrase: B-but... Don't you think it's a little too mature for me...?

<Hair Styling Practice Session!>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: I'm here! Sorry for being late...!
Nanami: It's all good~. Welcome, Tsu-chan.
Rui: You are not actually late, technically. There is still one minute before our agreed meeting time.
Tsukushi: Really? Thank goodness~...
Toko: Fusuke, don't you have way more baggage than usual today?
Mashiro: That big bag's about to burst...
Nanami: You said there was something you wanted to take care of before practice. Does that have anything to do with it?
Tsukushi: Yeah... So you see, I want you all to help me practice my hair styling skills...!
Mashiro: Ah... Is this because of your hairdressing booth you're planning for TOCO...?
Tsukushi: Right!
Nanami: I see~. So that bag's full of accessories and tools~.
Toko: Wow, practice? You're super serious about this!
Tsukushi: I-Is that bad...?
Toko: Nah, that's just like you! Sure! If you want practice, let's practice!
Nanami: I'll do what I can to help, too~.
Mashiro: M-Me too...
Tsukushi: Thanks...! All you really need to do is just sit down for me, that's all!
Tsukushi: Alright, hold on a second. I'll get ready.
Tsukushi: Uh... Hair straightener, catalog, hair pins, accessories, hair ties, scrunchies... Where's that hairband...? Here it is!
Mashiro: Wow, look at all these things in her bag...!
Nanami: I knew you liked hair styling... But judging from what I see, I'm guessing you really, really like it.
Tsukushi: Y-Yeah... Ehehe.
Toko: If you've got all this stuff, you could at least mix things up for school every so often. Like this ribbon scrunchie! It'd look perfect on you!
Tsukushi: But there's Tsukinomori's rules to think about... and I've always had the same hairstyle, so changing it suddenly is kind of embarrassing...
Mashiro: I think I know what you mean... I get nervous when I try changing my look, too.
Toko: What? Sounds like a waste, if you ask me.
Tsukushi: I do my sisters' hair a lot instead though.
Tsukushi: They even fight over it in the mornings sometimes. Like, "Sis, do my hair~!" "No, me first!"
Nanami: Haha, that's cute~.
Tsukushi: But when they start fighting, their responsible big sis always makes sure they make up!
Toko: Responsible big sis? Fusuke, you've got an older sister?
Tsukushi: I-I'm talking about me!
Rui: Futaba-san. This conversation has veered off-topic.
Tsukushi: Ah! S-Sorry. Uhh, well, let's start practice, I guess! Could I start with you, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: S-Sure. Are you really okay with me...?
Tsukushi: Your hair's just the right length for this style I found in this catalog, Mashiro-chan... See? I want to practice this look.
Mashiro: Wow, it's really cute...!
Nanami: Yeah. The model's just about Shiro-chan's height, too.
Nanami: Now that I think about it, we've all got different length hair. That'll work out great for helping you practice, I bet.
Tsukushi: Exactly! Toko-chan's got long hair, Nanami-chan's medium-length, Mashiro-chan's got her hair in a bob...
Tsukushi: And... Rui-san's got... short hair...
Rui: Is something the matter?
Tsukushi: Um... I was just thinking... It'd be nice if you'd let me work with your hair, too... There's a style for short hair I wanted to try.
Tsukushi: Would that be alright...?
Rui: I do not mind.
Tsukushi: I thought so... Huh?! You don't?!
Rui: As long as it does not interfere with practice. All I need to do is sit, right?
Tsukushi: Th-Thank you so much!
Nanami: Hey, Tsu-chan~. Are you taking requests?
Tsukushi: Of course! If there's anything you like in this catalog, I think I can copy it.
Nanami: Yaaay~. Lemme see, lemme see~.
Toko: No fair, Nanami~! Scoot over!
Mashiro: C-Could I take a look too...?
Nanami: Then let's all look together. C'mon, Rui-rui~.
Rui: I am fine, thank you. I will defer to Futaba-san's judgment.
Tsukushi: Thanks! I'll do my best, everyone...!
Toko: Check this out! These braids are super adorable! Fusuke, I want this!
Nanami: I think I'd like to go with this one here~.
Mashiro: U-Um... Tsukushi-chan, I think I might like this style here...
Tsukushi: H-Hold on! Don't everyone come at me at once! Take turns, you guys!


<Saying What I Want to Do>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Hi there, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Are you out shopping?
Marina: Yeah. What about you, Tsukushi-chan? It looked like you were taking a picture with your phone...
Tsukushi: I was. I really like this model's hairstyle in this salon's poster here, so I thought I could use it as a reference for our next concert.
Marina: This model has short hair though. Are you planning on getting a haircut?
Tsukushi: N-no, this isn't for me... I... thought it might look good on Rui-san...
Marina: Rui-chan...? Oh, I see. Are you in charge of everyone's hair for your concerts now?
Tsukushi: It... hasn't actually been decided yet. Right now, it's nothing more than something I want to do...
Tsukushi: ... No. The next time I see everyone, I'm going to ask them to let me try!
Marina: I see. Good luck!
Tsukushi: Yes, I'll do my best!
Marina: Fufu. You're certainly full of spirit.
Tsukushi: Well, a lot happened with the event I did with Toko-chan...
Marina: You're talking about TOCO, right? I heard you set up a booth there.
Tsukushi: I did. I asked Toko-chan for permission, and she let me do what I wanted.
Tsukushi: It was a booth where guests could come and have their hair styled. The thing is, I was too afraid to tell Toko-chan what I wanted at first.
Tsukushi: I've only ever done hairstyling as a sort of hobby, so I was worried I wouldn't be able to do a good enough job for the guests...
Tsukushi: But everyone who came to my booth looked really happy! So I'm glad I believed in myself and told Toko-chan.
Marina: Is that so? Good for you, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Thanks! The experience made me want to keep being honest with others from now on about what I want.
Tsukushi: If you figure you'll fail before you even try, and you don't even bother seeing if you'll actually fail, then you'll 100% fail anyway...!
Marina: That was a lot of "fails," but... Yeah. I get what you mean, I think.
Marina: Hopefully, everyone lets you do their hair for your concerts. Anyway, I'm really looking forward to your next show.
Tsukushi: Thank you so much. We'll do our best!
