1610_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Th-thanks... everyone.

<Hot Spring Are Nice, But...>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Alright, everyone on my mark! Ready~...? Fusuke! Happy...
Mashiro, Toko, Nanami & Rui: Birthday~! Birthday! Birthday.
Tsukushi: Th-thanks... everyone.
Toko: What's wrong, Fusuke? Tensing up because of the happiness overload?
Tsukushi: N-no! Just a little surprised.
Tsukushi: I wasn't expecting a birthday party.
Nanami: We actually discussed going on a hot spring tour instead though~.
Mashiro: But we decided against it because it might've been too sudden for you...
Rui: If I recall correctly, Hiromachi-san, you suggested visiting the hot springs that are part of the Famous Hot Springs Collection.
Nanami: Wow~, Rui-rui, you remembered~.
Tsukushi: By Famous Hot Springs Collection, do you mean the bath salts?!
Nanami: Bingo, that's the one~.
Mashiro: Rui-san remembered you said you liked them, Tsukushi-chan...
Nanami: Yup~. That's why I thought it might be nice to experience the actual hot springs themselves for your birthday~.
Tsukushi: I said that to Rui-san?! This is kind of embarrassing...
Rui: I am unsurprised that you do not remember since you only mentioned it in passing.
Toko: But yeah, that's why the hot spring tour got changed to an atelier birthday party instead!
Toko: Hope you're ready, Fusuke, 'cause we've got a major celebration planned for you!
Tsukushi: M-major...? You don't really need to go that far for me...
Nanami: Oh~, is it just me, or is somebody embarrassed~?
Tsukushi: Not you, too, Nanami-chan! Don't tease me!
Tsukushi: But... th-thanks, everyone.
Nanami: Fufufu~. Alright, and now it's time to officially start your birthday party~.


<Unknowing Good Taste?>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Residential Area]

Chisato: Hm? Is that...? Hello, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: Chisato-senpai! H-hello...!
Chisato: You're heading home pretty late, not that I can talk.
Tsukushi: I've been shopping.
Tsukushi: I had a lot of fun when my band celebrated my birthday the other day, so I wanted to get some things to return the favor.
Chisato: I see. In that case, I should also congratulate you then.
Chisato: Happy birthday, Tsukushi-chan. Is it okay if I give you your present some other time?
Tsukushi: Wh-what? No, that's really not necessary...!
Tsukushi: I appreciate the thought though. Thank you very much.
Chisato: Fufu, there's no need to be so formal and polite.
Chisato: By the way, it looks like you've done a lot of shopping. That looks pretty heavy.
Tsukushi: I just ended up grabbing some odds and ends for myself too... Oh! If you'd like, please have this! It's one of my favorite bath salts!
Chisato: The Famous Hot Springs Collection...?
Tsukushi: (Oh, no... The packaging might be a bit too old-fashioned!)
Tsukushi: I-it's not what you think, um... I know it doesn't look very cute, but that's because it has other things that matter more...!
Tsukushi: (Th-that sounded like an excuse! Oh, but it's also all true... Wh-what am I going to do?)
Chisato: I'm impressed, Tsukushi-chan. You're quite discerning.
Tsukushi: Excuse me...?
Chisato: Some idols I know have been talking about these bath salts, actually.
Chisato: According to them, while the name and packaging are plain, the salts are highly effective at making your skin incredibly smooth and relieving shoulder tension.
Chisato: I know there are people that avoid these bath salts because they consider them to be unfashionable...
Chisato: You, however, haven't let such superficial opinions influence what you use.
Tsukushi: (O-oh, I had no idea...)
Chisato: Since they come with your recommendation, I'll gladly use them. Thank you, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: No, no, I don't deserve any thanks!
Chisato: You can look forward to your present, of course. I'll be sure to get something nice.
Tsukushi: Okay then! Thank you very much!
