1635_Tsukushi Futaba_R5 The Praised One

Gacha phrase: Everyone, look at me~!

<Chronicles of a Helpful Tsukushi>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Goblin Town]

Tsukushi: Let's see, I need to get popokute herbs for the goblin in the west plaza, find a lost goblin, and after that~...
Tsukushi: Ohh, maybe I accepted too many quests at once.
Nanami: Ah, Tsu-chan. What are you up to~?
Tsukushi: Ah, Nanami-chan and Rui-san! Actually, I was thinking of doing the quests I accepted from some goblins right now.
Rui: You accepted more? I believe you did so yesterday too.
Tsukushi: Ahaha, I just can't say no when they ask me for help...
Nanami: Not being able to say no to someone in need even when it's a video game character is so you, Tsu-chan.
Nanami: Hey~, can I lend you a hand with your quests? Rui-rui, let's help together~.
Rui: ... Well, I do not mind as long as they are quests that need to be completed to activate the next event.
Tsukushi: Really?! You would be helping me so much~!
Nanami: Well then, let's start the quests~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Some Time]

[Forest]

Tsukushi: Fufu. Thanks to you two, I only have one quest left. Thank you so much for helping!
Nanami: It was nothing~. Even so, you sure did accept a lot of them.
Rui: It was as if you agreed to do every quest in town.
Nanami: We stopped a fight in the north and tracked down a burglar in the south. It felt like we were the ultimate problem solvers~.
Rui: So? What is the remaining quest?
Tsukushi: Umm, it's a request to get some high-quality honey from the forest to save a sick goblin...
Nanami: We just need to look for honey? This quest will probably be over pretty fast, then.
Tsukushi: I've tried this quest many times, but there's a reason why I haven't completed it...
Rui: Do you mean to say that you cannot find the honey?
Tsukushi: No, it's not that... It might be faster if I actually show you. Follow me, it's over here.
Nanami & Rui: ...?
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: There. It's on that tree...
Nanami: Whoa, that's a huge beehive~. It looks like it's almost as big as you.
Nanami: And it's dripping with so much honey... I know it's just part of the game, but I can almost smell the sweetness in the air~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, it's so shiny! The first time I saw it, I thought it looked yummy too.
Rui: Are those... bee monsters? I see. They are flying around to protect the nest.
Nanami: The beehive is big, but the bees are huge too... They're about the size of you, Rui-rui.
Nanami: Still, if they're that close to the nest, we won't be able to get the honey. I wonder if there's a good way to deal with this...
Rui: If that is the case, why not see what others have to say about this?
Nanami: Ah, okay! You mean to check the in-game bulletin board where players can message each other.
Nanami: I think there might be something in there about how to complete this quest!
Nanami: Let's see, if I search for "Honey Quest"... Ah, there it is!
Rui: ... It does not appear anyone has cleared this quest yet.
Nanami: You're right! People said they can't beat the bees because they're too strong, and they can get to you in an instant even if you fight them from a distance.
Nanami: Players have written a lot of other complaints too... I see. So that's why you've been having a hard time.
Tsukushi: No, I didn't know this quest was that difficult...
Nanami: Huh? What do you mean? The reason you haven't cleared it isn't because it's hard...?
Tsukushi: Nope. That's not what was bothering me...
Tsukushi: I think those bees worked really hard to make that honey.
Tsukushi: I would feel kind of sorry for them if I took their honey.
Rui: ...? I do not understand. No matter what you do, you still have to take the honey, right?
Tsukushi: I know that~... Once before, I saw those bees playing with their children...
Tsukushi: Seeing that made it hard for me to take the honey...
Rui: If you were going to sympathize with the bees, then you should not have undertaken this quest in the first place.
Tsukushi: But without the honey, the sick goblin will be in trouble... Hmm, I wonder if there's another way to clear this...
Nanami: ... Hrm? What's that noise...? Ah?!
Bee Monster: ...
Tsukushi: When did a bee get behind me~?!
Nanami: Ahh, run...! If you get stung, it's game over!
Bee Monster: How lovely! You are such a kind-hearted person.
Tsukushi: Huh...?
Bee Monster: Those who have been after our honey until now have either tried to outsmart us or use violence to take it.
Bee Monster: But when I came to check on you, you didn't show any signs of doing something like that! I was touched!
Nanami: Umm...
Bee Monster: In appreciation of your kindness, I will give you my honey! Go ahead, please take as much as you like!
Tsukushi: Huh? Wait, wh-what is happening...?
Rui: ... Maybe this is the way to clear the quest.
Rui: When you find the beehive, you wait and do nothing for a period of time.
Rui: And by doing that, maybe the bees are programmed to give you the honey.
Tsukushi: What? Who would've ever figured that out?!
Nanami: Maybe you could solve it because you thought about how both the sick goblin and the bees feel.
Nanami: It was all thanks to your kindness~.
Tsukushi: I wonder...
Rui: At any rate, the final quest is complete.
Tsukushi: Yeah! I have to hurry and get the honey to the goblin!
Tsukushi: And when I get back, I'll accept the quests of any other goblins that need help~... Alright, I'm going to do my best!
Rui: So you are planning to do more quests.
Nanami: Fufu, you really are kind, Tsu-chan~.


<Problematic Skill>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Now we have all the supplies we need. I guess we should get back to CiRCLE.
Tsukushi: Wow, so there are games like this too.
Marina: Oh? Is that...? Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi!
Marina: Hi. Are you shopping for something?
Tsukushi: Yes, my mom asked me to run some errands for her.
Tsukushi: While I was doing that, I found the video game section, so I thought I'd take a peek.
Marina: Wow, you like video games? I didn't know that.
Tsukushi: Not exactly, but recently Morfonica played a trial VR game together.
Tsukushi: So now I'm a little curious.
Marina: I see. Video games remind me of my school days. I used to play them at my friend's house sometimes.
Marina: What kind of game did you play together?
Tsukushi: It's a game called "Special Fantasy."
Marina: Ah, I might have seen that name on the news online. I think it's a game where you have adventures in another world...
Tsukushi: Yes, that's it! While you're exploring you can build the town of your dreams.
Tsukushi: You also use unique powers to fight monsters.
Marina: Wow, having unique powers sounds kind of cool. Are they like special moves?
Tsukushi: Yes, like that, but... I'm not sure if you could call mine a special move exactly.
Marina: ...? What do you mean?
Tsukushi: Well, my power made everyone compliment me a lot...
Tsukushi: For example, people would start saying nice things about me even if I just walked by or took a breath when I used that ability.
Marina: Huh? What kind of power is that...?
Tsukushi: That's what I thought... It was such a pain.
Tsukushi: Especially how people would praise me for doing nothing at all. I didn't know how to react to that...
Tsukushi: I just couldn't be happy, even if people said nice things about me, unless I felt I'd done my best.
Marina: Fufu. I think when you know you've given your all, it feels like people praise you because they recognize your efforts.
Tsukushi: Yes! Ah, but you know, I don't want people to tell me nice things every time I've worked hard either.
Tsukushi: Of course, I'm only talking about if I'm in a position to get compliments in the first place.
Marina: Fufu, I know what you mean... Oh, it's this late already. I'm sorry to have kept you from your errands~.
Tsukushi: No! It was fun talking with you!
Tsukushi: Well, I'll see you later. Goodbye!
Marina: Yeah, see you later~.
