1684_Tsukushi Futaba_R3 Perfectly Baked!

Gacha phrase: Alrighty! Once again, let's get to makin' some chocolates!

<Thanks to You>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Phew. With that, I have finished cleaning the dining area.
Tsukushi: And I've finished washing the tableware!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan, Tsukushi-chan. Good work today!
Tsugumi: We sure had a lot of customers today. Thank you so much, you two. You were so helpful.
Tsugumi: Here's a treat from my dad. Please have it if you'd like.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! The coffee smells wonderful...
Eve: Wow! These are the Valentine's Day limited ischler törtchen! Is it okay for us to have such a popular menu item?
Tsugumi: Of course. It's a pair of cookies with a thick layer of ganache sandwiched between them. It's really good.
Eve: And what is more, it is completely coated with chocolate, so I think it is the perfect menu item for Valentine's Day!
Eve: They are an Austrian snack, right? They also have a reputation among customers as being cute!
Tsugumi: Fufu. These are also thanks to Tsukushi-chan.
Tsugumi: When we were wondering what kind of limited Valentine's Day sweets to sell, she recommended them. That was a really big help.
Tsukushi: Ehehe... I'm glad to have been of assistance!
Tsugumi: But I'm surprised you knew of sweets like this. I had never heard of them until you told me about them.
Tsukushi: True. You might not see them very much in Japan... I sometimes go on trips abroad with my family, and I ate one on one of those trips.
Eve: I think that was a truly wonderful suggestion! But it is a bit of a shame that it will no longer be available once Valentine's Day is over since it is a limited-time item...
Tsugumi: Ah, about that.
Tsugumi: They've been so popular my dad is apparently thinking of adding them to the standard menu.
Tsukushi: R-really?
Eve: How delightful! Good for you, Tsukushi-san!
Tsukushi: Yes, I'm so touched! ... Ah! That's right...
Tsukushi: The version I ate had ganache in it, but it seems there is also a version that uses jam instead... I think the sweet would pair really well with jam!
Tsukushi: So what do you think about making it so customers can choose ischler törtchens with different kinds of jams?
Tsukushi: Those that prefer something sweet can choose the ganache filling, and those that want tartness can choose their favorite jam...
Tsukushi: That way, customers can alter the sweetness themselves and enjoy the variety!
Eve: Tsukushi-san... That is a fabulous idea!
Tsugumi: Having the chance to make that choice is novel, so I bet the customers would enjoy it too.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Tsukushi-chan. I'll try suggesting that to my dad right away.
Tsukushi: O-okay...!
Eve: But how were you able to think of that idea so quickly?
Tsukushi: Ah, that's because... I handmade some chocolates with the others in Morfonica the other day...
Tsukushi: At the time, Rui-san recalled our preferences and devised a way to change the flavoring for each chocolate she made.
Tsukushi: I remembered that and wondered if we could make it so that our menu items matched each customer's tastes...
Tsugumi: I see. So something like that happened.
Eve: Rui-san is amazing, but you are as well for making use of the idea from that time!
Tsugumi: Fufu. I'll have to thank Rui-chan too.
Tsugumi: Now then, our coffees are getting cold, so why don't we go ahead and eat our sweets?
Tsukushi: Okay! ... Mmm~. It's so sweet and delicious...!


<Being Relied On = Happiness>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Tsukushi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello!
Marina: Hello there, Tsukushi-chan. Are you headed home now?
Tsukushi: No, I've got my part-time job at Hazawa Coffee right now.
Marina: I see. Well, good luck with that.
Marina: Ah, by the way. I heard that Morfonica had a Valentine's Day party the other day.
Tsukushi: We did! We all made chocolates by hand and exchanged them with each other.
Tsukushi: I made a chocolate gateau!
Marina: Ooh~, you went for something fairly elaborate.
Tsukushi: That's because making sweets is my specialty! I've been making all the snacks at my house lately!
Tsukushi: My little sisters looked at me with their eyes twinkling and said they wanted to make sweets too!
Marina: Fufu. It's hard to turn down a request like that.
Tsukushi: Right! That's why I teach them how every now and again... Ah. That might've helped with Rui-san...
Marina: What's that about Rui-chan?
Tsukushi: Uh, when we were all making chocolates together, she asked me to teach her how to double-boil.
Tsukushi: Apparently, she had done it before, but it was fairly long ago, so she wanted me to teach her...
Tsukushi: I normally don't have anything to teach her, so her depending on me like that made me so happy...!
Marina: Does that mean teaching your sisters paid off? Good for you, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Yes, thank you very much!
Tsukushi: Also, everyone complimented my chocolate gateau saying it was delicious...
Tsukushi: ... Ah! I actually made some for both of you as well. I'll bring it with me next time!
Marina: What? You made some for us too?
Tsukushi: Of course! You always take such good care of us, so it's only reasonable that I do that much.
Tsukushi: I put a lot of work into it, so please look forward to it!
Marina: Okay, thanks. I'm looking forward to your chocolate gateau~.
Tsukushi: Ah, I need to get to my part-time job soon. I'm sorry, but I'll be excusing myself now.
Marina: Sorry for holding you up so long. Thanks for stopping to chat with us.
Tsukushi: No, thank you! Well then, good day to you.
