1742_Tsukushi Futaba_R5 Garden of the Lost

Gacha phrase: Sigh... I'm supposed to be the leader.

<Tsukushi's Aspirations>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard Gazebo]

Toko: At long last... I finally get to have lunch at the gazebo!
Tsukushi: The gazebo is a popular spot, after all. Whenever you come by, there's someone here.
Toko: That's because this place has some great scenery~. It's, like, the school did wonderfully in making a spot as fancy as this!
Mashiro: It's really pretty how it's surrounded by flowers. It feels like being in a castle's courtyard.
Tsukushi: I bet eating lunch here will make it taste even better than usual!
Rui: I do not believe that will change no matter where we eat.
Tsukushi: That's not true. Eating food in a place with nice scenery makes it taste a lot better than usual.
Tsukushi: And you're also here today, Rui-san!
Rui: Me?
Tsukushi: Remember? You've been busy with student council lately, so we've mostly had lunch separately, right?
Tsukushi: I'm just so happy we can have lunch together again like this.
Rui: My student council duties have settled down somewhat, so I can join you at lunch as previously.
Mashiro: Really...? Fufu, thank goodness.
Nanami: Mhmm. Having everyone together really is the best~. Right, Toko-chan?
Toko: Yup. It really is the best of the best! Ahaha!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, why are you smiling as you look at me?
Toko: Ohh, I was just thinking how you must've been dying to have lunch with us if you went out of your way to say something like that~.
Rui: We are once again able to eat lunch together. I merely stated that as a fact.
Toko: Yeah, yeah. You seriously aren't honest with your feelings~.
Tsukushi: Fufu. When you two were fighting, I was worried about what would happen, but I'm glad you made up.
Rui & Toko: I was not fighting with her. I wasn't fighting with her.
Nanami: Ahaha. You two are so in sync~.
Tsukushi: When people say the closer you are with someone, the more you fight, this might be what they mean.
Toko: Nah, me and her aren't like that!
Mashiro: But... Tsukushi-chan was so cool that one time.
Nanami: What time?
Mashiro: The time she yelled, "That's enough!" to Toko-chan and Rui-san.
Nanami: That time, huh~? Yeah, she settled things with a snap at the time.
Mashiro: Their argument calmed down thanks to her, so I thought that was really leader-like of her.
Nanami: Mhmm. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that brought everyone together as a group~.
Rui: Setting that aside, I believe Futaba-san's leadership capabilities have improved compared to when we first formed Morfonica.
Tsukushi: Huh? Really?! I've changed?! Ehehe...!
Toko: What gives, Fusuke? Why're you looking so happy?
Tsukushi: To be honest... I was still looking for other ways I've changed after we finished making the documents to submit to the board of directors and student council.
Tsukushi: But I see... I did actually change... And in a positive way, too. Thank goodness~...
Nanami: Tsu-chan, you really did care that much about it.
Tsukushi: Well, if I've changed, that means I've grown, right? Of course I'd care if there's not much of that~.
Rui: Change and growth are two different things. You should distinguish between them properly.
Tsukushi: Even so, my leadership abilities going up means I'm more reliable than before, right?
Tsukushi: So I think that means I've grown~. Fufu♪
Toko: Hrm~...
Nanami: Toko-chan? What's wrong?
Toko: Fusuke saying she's grown doesn't quite hit the mark for me~.
Toko: Now that you bring it up, though, I feel like she has changed compared to before...
Tsukushi: Ohh, Toko-chan! Why do you have to say such mean things?!
Toko: Nah, that's not what this is!
Toko: I can't express it very well, but it's more like you're just you...
Nanami: It may be because she's the same hard-working person she's always been~.
Toko: Ahh, yeah! That might be it! She's always blabbing about doing her best. That's what I like about her, though.
Tsukushi: Blabbing? Ohh... That's going too far.
Tsukushi: Well then, from now on, if I find anything that's changed about me, I'll let you know, Toko-chan!
Tsukushi: If I look back on everything like we did this time, I'm sure there will be more to find!
Nanami: Fufu. If I notice that anything's changed about you, I'll let you know too.
Mashiro: I'll also tell you right away.
Tsukushi: Thanks, you two!
Tsukushi: ... Oh, it's this late already! If we don't eat quickly, recess will be over!
Toko: Oh no! Well then. Palms together, everybody...
All: Let's eat!


<A Spark amid the Uncertainty>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: {{userName}}-san, thanks for your hard work. We've finished our business at RiNG, so why don't we just head home for the day?
Marina: Tomorrow, we'll be at CiRCLE and- Hm? Isn't that person over there... Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Ah. Marina-san. {{userName}}-san. Good evening.
Marina: Good evening to you, too. Were you, by chance, practicing until now?
Tsukushi: Yes! I just split up with the others a minute ago.
Marina: I see. I guess you were going until pretty late. Way to work hard.
Tsukushi: We were supposed to finish earlier, but since we hadn't had band practice in a while, we got immersed in it.
Marina: Ah, I heard a little about that from Rui-chan. You all worked hard to get permission for your out-of-school activities, huh?
Tsukushi: Right. Morfonica was facing a threat to its continuation, so we came together and managed to overcome the crisis.
Marina: I was so surprised when I heard that you might not've been able to continue with the band.
Marina: But to think your school would re-examine their rules and need to review out-of-school activities... There must've been a lot of changes.
Tsukushi: That's right... And it wasn't just us. Everyone at school was surprised by it, too.
Tsukushi: Suddenly, the use of phones was banned outside of emergencies, and so was bringing in manga and magazines...
Tsukushi: I don't think the chairwoman banned those for no reason. I imagine she did it because it was necessary for Tsukinomori.
Tsukushi: But I don't know why it's necessary for the school. That's why I've felt these pent-up feelings in my chest this whole time...
Tsukushi: Ah! I'm sorry for suddenly bringing this topic up.
Marina: Don't worry about it. Anyone would feel uncertain if their environment suddenly changed.
Marina: Plus, talking about it can make you feel better. So if you want, you can talk to us anytime.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much. I'm glad to have you say that.
Tsukushi: So much has happened since the chairperson changed, and I don't know what will happen with Tsukinomori from now on...
Tsukushi: But I don't think it's right that I get distracted by that and can't focus on what I need to do.
Tsukushi: That's why, for now, we decided to focus on what's in front of us.
Marina: When you say what's in front of you, do you mean...
Tsukushi: The GBT! Morfonica made it to the Top Sixteen.
Marina: That's incredible! Congratulations, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! I've taken so many different lessons and participated in tournaments until now.
Tsukushi: But I've never really achieved good results... That's why making it to the Top Sixteen makes me so happy...!
Tsukushi: Since we decided to participate in the GBT, we've had our sights set on winning it, but...
Tsukushi: Now that we've made it this far, I want to win no matter what... Those feelings have gotten even stronger!
Marina: I'm sure the others feel the same way as you. I hope you all can make it to the top.
Tsukushi: So do I!
Tsukushi: ... Ah. I'm sorry for going on and on! I'll excuse myself now.
Marina: Okay, see you next time, Tsukushi-chan.
