1805_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Shibuya Adventure!

Gacha phrase: They're so easy to eat because they're not too sweet.

<To Acknowledge Yourself>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, thanks for waiting. Sorry to take up your time after work.
Tsukushi: Not at all! If anything, I'm grateful you always allow me to taste-test delicious cakes!
Tsugumi: Fufu. That's good, then. This is the newest cake...
Tsukushi: Wow~! It looks so good! The maple leaf-shaped chocolate is perfect for fall and so lovely!
Tsukushi: Well then... I'll try it.
Tsukushi: ...
Tsugumi: ... H-how is it?
Tsukushi: It's really delicious! I'm sure it will be a definite hit!
Tsugumi: Thank goodness~. I'm sure my dad will be happy to hear that! So... was there anything that caught your attention?
Tsukushi: Let me think... If I had to point something out, it might be good to reduce the sweetness of the whipped cream a little more.
Tsukushi: I thought that might make the inner fruits' sweetness stand out more!
Tsugumi: I see... Thanks. I'll let my dad know.
Tsukushi: I'm sorry that it always seems like I'm always saying such snobbish things...
Tsugumi: That's not true! I'm the one who was asking you, so don't worry about it.
Tsugumi: The sweets you suggested before were really popular among customers, too.
Tsugumi: It's really so helpful that you're always giving us useful opinions.
Tsukushi: That's a relief, then.
Tsugumi: Fufu. You've gotten used to part-time work quite a bit.
Tsugumi: Lately, there've been more chances for just the two of us to work together.
Tsugumi: You're mindful of different things, so that's really helpful.
Tsukushi: Really?!
Tsukushi: Thank goodness... I'm actually growing...
Tsugumi: ...? Did something happen?
Tsukushi: Ah, umm... It's not as if anything happened, but... lately, I've often been wondering if I'm okay as I am...
Tsukushi: Everyone else is growing and changing, but it feels like I'm the only one standing still... Ah, I'm sorry for talking about something so unimportant!
Tsugumi: I see... But I know how you feel.
Tsukushi: Huh? Does that happen to you, too?
Tsugumi: Yeah, all the time!
Tsugumi: I'll feel like I've gotten left behind by the people around me, or I'll feel weirdly rushed and frustrated.
Tsukushi: I see. So I'm not the only one...
Tsukushi: U-um! What do you do at times like that?
Tsugumi: Let's see... Ultimately, I can probably only do my best.
Tsukushi: Do your best?
Tsugumi: I can't afford to give up just because I think I can't match the speed of how everyone around me is changing.
Tsugumi: But I think acknowledging yourself for trying like that is just as important.
Tsukushi: Acknowledge yourself...
Tsugumi: Have you ever had times when people will tell you you're working hard or growing, but you question whether that's true?
Tsukushi: I have! And then, I would compare myself to everyone around me and think I'm still not good enough...
Tsugumi: At times like that, no matter how hard you've been trying or how much you've grown, you can only take what they say as polite remarks.
Tsugumi: That's why I think it's important to acknowledge yourself first.
Tsukushi: ...
Tsugumi: Sorry that I couldn't give you much advice.
Tsukushi: Th-that isn't true! I'm glad I got to hear what you had to say.
Tsugumi: If anything happens, come talk to me. I'm sure I can at least give you a listening ear!
Tsukushi: Okay. Thank you very much!
Tsugumi: I know. Why don't we have another piece of cake?
Tsukushi: Huh?! I-is it okay for us to do that?
Tsugumi: It's fine! I'll make sure to tell my dad about it later. Plus, sweets are best at times like this!
Tsugumi: That's what Himari-chan says, too!
Tsukushi: Fufu... Ahaha! That's a good point.
Tsukushi: Sweets are best for times like this!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Before Taking the Next Step>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Downtown]

Tsukushi: Phew. It was busy again today... Ah!
Tsukushi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good day!
Marina: Ah, it's Tsukushi-chan. Hey there. Did you just finish working your part-time job? I bet you were working hard!
Tsukushi: Yes! Are the two of you doing a shopping run?
Marina: Yeah. We were just on our way back to CiRCLE.
Marina: By the way, good work during the GBT. You went up against Afterglow, right?
Tsukushi: That's right. It ultimately ended with us being in the Top Sixteen...
Tsukushi: I see Tsugumi-senpai regularly, and I already knew that Afterglow is amazing. But it gave me a keen reminder of the difference in our abilities.
Marina: I see. But I think being in the Top Sixteen is incredible.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much! But, if possible, I wanted to go a little higher than that... That's what I hoped.
Tsukushi: Everyone else has already moved on for the Tsukinomori Music Festival, but I still have a few regrets...
Marina: Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: It's not good when I, as the leader, can't put this behind me when everyone else is moving forward, is it?
Marina: I don't think that's true...
Marina: But, if you still haven't completely digested what happened at the GBT, thinking it over properly before taking the next step is important.
Tsukushi: Th-thank you very much! Yeah. You just might be right...
Tsukushi: Everyone thought about it properly before moving on, but I thought I was the only one... and I got flustered.
Tsukushi: What's important is for me to accept it and move forward, isn't it?
Marina: That's right. Heading towards your next goal is crucial, but stopping and facing your emotions is just as important.
Tsukushi: Right. Thank you very much! Thanks to you, I feel better.
Tsukushi: I'll try doing some more thinking as soon as I get home!
Marina: Fufu. I'm glad that it looks like I was able to be of some help.
