1862_Tsukushi Futaba_R5 Christmas Carol

Gacha phrase: Thanks to this, I'll always remember this Christmas.

<Special Presents>

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai, I refilled the sugar and milk!
Tsugumi: Huh? You did?
Tsukushi: Yes. I wasn't busy, so I took care of it. I also washed the dishes and took out the trash.
Tsugumi: Thanks! I really appreciate that! It's a little early, but since there aren't any customers, you can call it a day.
Tsukushi: Huh? Really? Thank you!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I think I'll be able to get to the store even earlier than I planned...
Tsugumi: You seem excited about something. Are you going somewhere after this?
Tsukushi: Huh? You can tell?
Tsukushi: I'm going to a specialty knick-knack shop to buy some scented candles.
Tsukushi: This is the shop's website... Have a look! It has a ton of different scented candles!
Tsugumi: Oh wow, there are so many colorful candles...! Ah, there are even ones shaped like dogs. These are shaped like flowers... Fufu, everything looks so cute.
Tsukushi: I know! All the candles are so stylish and pretty that I can't choose which ones to get.
Tsugumi: Fufu, it certainly might be hard to choose. I wonder what this leaf covered in wax smells like.
Tsukushi: Let's see, it says... it smells like eucalyptus and mint! It probably has a refreshing fragrance.
Hina: Herbs not only have a refreshing fragrance, but they also help you to relax. I recommend them♪
Tsukushi: Oh really. You sure know a lot about- Huh?! Hina-senpai?!
Hina: Hiya~☆
Tsugumi: Hi, Hina-senpai!
Tsukushi: Wh-when did you get here? I didn't even notice you come in...!
Hina: Huh? I just popped in. I was wondering what you two were looking at on your phone so intently~.
Hina: Anyway~, so you're interested in scented candles! I never knew that~! I'm into scented candles too! What kinda fragrances do you like? Mint? Vanilla?
Tsukushi: Well, actually, I don't know a whole lot about them yet...
Tsukushi: I was thinking of getting some for the other members of Morfonica, so I'm planning to go to this shop today.
Tsukushi: They all gave me a really wonderful present, so I'd like to do the same for them.
Tsugumi: They did?
Tsukushi: Yes! They gave me an amazing Christmas!
Tsukushi: I don't think I'll ever forget this Christmas... That's how special our time together was...
Hina: Wow~. I don't really know the details, but I can tell you had a super great Christmas♪
Tsugumi: Me too...! You looked so happy while you were talking about it.
Tsukushi: I-I did...? That's a little embarrassing...
Hina: So, what kind of scented candles are you thinking of giving the others?
Tsukushi: Well, that's the thing... They all like something different, so I'm not sure which candles to buy...
Tsugumi: If you're going to give a gift, you want to give something that everyone will like.
Hina: Then, how about I help you choose?
Tsukushi: Huh? Are you sure?
Hina: Yep, I don't mind~. I'm happy you like scented candles. Plus, I'm curious about that shop.
Tsukushi: Thank you!
Tsukushi: But I hope this shop has candles that everyone will like...
Tsugumi: Right... A lot of the items on this website are sold out.
Hina: Hmm~... In that case, making them is an option too.
Tsukushi: Huh? We can make scented candles?
Hina: Yep. I'm into essential oils, so I pretty much know how to make the candles.
Hina: I don't think they'll be that hard to make.
Tsukushi: I see... Then, maybe I can give the others scented candles they all like...
Hina: Yep~, yep~. And I bet they'll be so surprised when you tell them you made the candles.
Hina: Plus, it's nice to get a gift that someone puts a lot of time and effort into because it feels extra special~♪
Tsukushi: ... That's true. Um, if you don't mind... I'd like to learn how to make scented candles!
Hina: No prob! Well then, let's go buy what we need.
Tsukushi: Okay! Thank you!
Hina: Ah, but would it be cool if I had something to drink first? I'm mighty thirsty~.
Hina: Since we're here, let's talk about what kind of candles to make while we drink.
Hina: Tsugu-chan, could I have a cup of coffee with a slice of today's cake~! What will you have, Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: Um, well, I guess I'll have the same...
Tsugumi: Fufu, coming right up.
Tsukushi: Um, would you like some help?
Tsugumi: Thanks, but I'll be okay. You talk with Hina-senpai.
Tsugumi: I hope you can make some wonderful scented candles.
Tsukushi: Thank you! I'll try!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Candlelight Memories>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Marina: That's everything we needed to buy, right? We've walked quite a bit, so let's get something to drink before we head back to CiRCLE.
Tsukushi: Oh wow... These are so cute!
Marina: Hrm? Over there, is that... Hey~, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi.
Marina: Hi. You look like you're really enjoying the Christmas lights.
Tsukushi: I am! I was looking at that Santa figurine. I didn't know there were decorations like that around here.
Marina: These decorations are so pretty at night. The Santa Claus and the fir three over there are lit up, making everything look so magical.
Marina: I often pass through here on my way home from work and stop to look at the decorations without even thinking.
Tsukushi: I know what you mean. Beautiful scenery is relaxing to look at.
Tsukushi: When I had a Christmas party with the other members of Morfonica, we spent a lot of time just looking at the candlelight flicker in our glass candle holders.
Marina: You know, Nanami-chan told me about that. You all had a party at your house, right?
Tsukushi: Yes. We were all supposed to go to Toko-chan's Christmas party on a ship, but...
Tsukushi: ... My little sisters had a fever, so I couldn't go to the party because I had to stay home to take care of them.
Tsukushi: But after the party on the ship was over, everyone came to my house! They said they wanted to have a Christmas party with me!
Marina: That's such a wonderful surprise. You must've been really happy since you couldn't make the other party.
Tsukushi: I was absolutely thrilled! The glass candle holders were gifts the guests received at the Christmas party on the ship.
Tsukushi: I had wanted one so bad. But since I couldn't go to that party, I gave up on getting one...
Marina: Hrm? But didn't you just say you were looking at the candlelight in some glass candle holders?
Tsukushi: Well... Mashiro-chan got one for me and came all the way to my house to give it to me.
Tsukushi: I was so surprised. I couldn't believe she had noticed how much I wanted one...
Tsukushi: I'll never forget looking at the candlelight with everyone after that. It was such a precious moment.
Marina: I see. Your band members went out of their way to bring you the candle and then threw you a party. They're so kind.
Tsukushi: They are! ... Ah, another thing I'll never forget is...
Tsukushi: ... When I lit my candle, Mashiro-chan opened up to me about how much she appreciates our friendship.
Tsukushi: She wanted to thank me for always helping her.
Tsukushi: It's always felt natural to help my friends when they needed it, but I was a little embarrassed when Mashiro-chan thanked me for it...
Tsukushi: It was like her words lit a candle in my heart...
Marina: Fufu, I see. That was a really special Christmas for you, wasn't it?
Tsukushi: Yes! It was so much fun! I hope we can have a Christmas party together next year too...
Tsukushi: Ah, look at the time. I should be getting home now.
Tsukushi: Thanks for coming over to talk to me!
