2279_Tsukushi Futaba_R4 Because We Were Together

Gacha phrase: No, I can tell! Because I'm the leader!

<Spinning Monika>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Garden Gazebo]

Tsukushi: Alright then, everyone put your hands together... Let's eat!
Nanami & Mashiro: Let's eat!
Tsukushi: My mom packed lots of fruit today! She said everyone should have some, so look forward to it!
Mashiro: Wow, thank you...! It would've been nice if Rui-san and Toko-chan could eat together with us too.
Nanami: Can't be helped~. Rui-rui seems busy with student council stuff.
Tsukushi: What about Toko-chan?
Mashiro: She didn't finish her assignment that's due today, so she said she's going to negotiate with the teacher at lunch...
Tsukushi: She worked so hard for that last show, so why did she forget about assignments...
Nanami: Ahaha, maybe she worked so hard that she forgot? But I'm glad it turned out to be a great show~.
Mashiro: Yeah, the audience got really into it, and the staff even said, 'Please do another show at our place'...
Nanami: Toko-chan's guitar was a hit with the audience too~.
Tsukushi: For sure! It was way more on point than during practice and looked super cool!
Mashiro: The staff's atmosphere and the audience were so warm, it was such a good live house, I'd love to do another show there.
Tsukushi: Yeah! ...Oh, actually, there's something I wanted to ask everyone!
Nanami: What is it~?
Tsukushi: This time Toko-chan had a standout performance, but Nanami-chan and Mashiro-chan, don't you two want to try something like that?
Mashiro: Huh...? You mean a standout performance like Toko-chan did last time?
Tsukushi: Yeah, usually Toko-chan comes up with lots of ideas to liven up our shows, but I was wondering if you two have anything you want to try.
Nanami: Hmm, I wonder~? Do you have something you want to try, Tsu-chan, since you brought it up?
Tsukushi: Actually, there's one thing... During member introductions, we sometimes do a little improvised playing, right?
Tsukushi: At that time, it'd be cool if I could do a performance like tossing my stick up and catching it!
Nanami: I see, something like that~.
Nanami: In that case, I might want to try spinning my guitar or bass around in a full rotation after playing~.
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan said she wanted to try that last time too...!
Nanami: Fufufu, right~? So what about you, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: I don't... really have anything in particular...
Tsukushi: Huh~! Come on, let's think of something for Mashiro-chan too?
Nanami: Oh, in that case, we could try thinking of something.
Mashiro: ...P-please go easy on me...
Tsukushi: Ah! I know, how about kicking the microphone stand and spinning it around once?
Nanami: Ooh! That's so cool~! It's got that rockstar feel~.
Mashiro: Wh-when would I even do that...?!
Tsukushi: I'm looking forward to it, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Th-there's no way I could...!
Nanami: Ahahaha. Well, since we're at it, why don't we think of a performance for Rui-rui too?
Tsukushi: Hmm. A performance for Rui-san...
Nanami: Everyone's been doing spinning stuff so far, so should we have Rui-rui spin something too?
Mashiro: Um... Like spinning her bow...?
Nanami: That works too~. Or it'd be nice if Rui-rui spun around while playing!
Tsukushi: Wow, Rui-san always has such beautiful posture, so it would look really elegant and nice...!
Nanami: Ahaha~. If she did it, it'd get everyone really pumped. Should we suggest we all try it sometime~?
Mashiro: Fufu, yeah. Oh, but...
Tsukushi: ?
Mashiro: Those kinds of performances are definitely cool, but... Don't you think, “What if I mess up?”...
Tsukushi: True... I'd probably get super nervous when it came time to actually do it...
Mashiro: Even if I didn't mess up, what if it didn't get the crowd going at all and it just went silent...
Mashiro: If that happened, I can't help thinking what kind of face Rui-san would make...
Nanami: True, when I imagine Rui-rui's reaction in that moment... I might lose heart too...
Tsukushi: ...When you think about it that way, Toko-chan's amazing. She really seems fearless.
Mashiro: Yeah... She didn't think about failing at all, and even if she did fail and got scolded, she'd probably say, 'But the crowd got pumped, so isn't that fine?'...
Nanami: I see~. Those kinds of performances are a privilege for people with that kind of courage.
Tsukushi: I see... Actually, I was kind of seriously thinking about trying it, but... Maybe I didn't have enough resolve...
Mashiro: Huh... Really?
Nanami: Fufu, but I'll support whatever Tsu-chan wants to do~.
Mashiro: Fufu, me too! I'm looking forward to it, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: If you two are saying that much...
Nanami & Mashiro: ...


<Because We Built It Up>

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Let's see, this is for Morfonica's next show reservation, right... The preferred dates were around here, right?
Tsukushi: Yes, that's right! Our first choice is this day, and our second choice is this one, but...
Marina: Yeah, both are available right now. I'll put in the reservation for your first choice then.
Tsukushi: Yes, please do that! Thank you so much, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Fufu, thank you for using our venue.
Marina: By the way, how was the show you did at a different place the other day?
Tsukushi: Well, there were quite a lot of people hearing Morfonica's performance for the first time, but...
Tsukushi: The crowd got really into it, and I think it turned out to be a great show!
Marina: That's wonderful. Being able to perform well in a different environment shows that it's the result of your daily efforts.
Tsukushi: Fufu, thank you!
Tsukushi: Oh, but... The show was a huge success, but actually, something a bit surprising happened before that...
Marina: Something surprising?
Tsukushi: Yes. Believe it or not... that Toko-chan asked Rui-san to give her special guitar training!
Marina: Huh, Toko-chan asked Rui-chan?! That is... definitely surprising.
Tsukushi: Right?! And Rui-san accepted it and taught her really earnestly...
Marina: Wow...! That's hard to imagine from those two before.
Tsukushi: I know! So I was really happy...
Tsukushi: Compared to before, they've really come to recognize each other.
Marina: Yeah. Even watching from the outside, we can kind of feel it.
Tsukushi: And I don't think this is just about Toko-chan and Rui-san.
Tsukushi: Me, Mashiro-chan, Nanami-chan too... Everyone's been facing Morfonica as a band, achieving our goals one by one, and growing little by little...
Tsukushi: Because we've built things up that way, we've been able to truly recognize each other.
Marina: A band's bond and sense of unity aren't built in a day. When you think about it that way, it's kind of moving.
Tsukushi: Yes...!
Tsukushi: Watching those two at this show made me think I can't fall behind either!
Marina: Being able to think that you'll work hard too is really important.
Marina: So does that mean we can look forward to Morfonica's next show?
Tsukushi: Yes, of course! Please look forward to it!
Marina: Fufu, then good luck with practice.
Tsukushi: Yes! Thank you! I'll excuse myself now!
