event233-02 Chapter 1: The Center of Commerce!

Downtown. The girls are drawn to the delicious-looking food all around them.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Osaka - City]

Kasumi: Look! Over there! It's a moving crab sign!
Tae: Wow, it's like a giant crab monster...! Oh, there's even a Ferris wheel that way! Am I in some kind of giant theme park...?
Arisa: There those two go again getting all distracted over something... I have no idea how they can stay so energetic when all we're doing is walking around.
Saya: Well, I can't say I blame them. It's hard not to be excited with all these colorful zappy signs around us.
Rimi: This is one of Osaka's busiest areas. A lot of tourists visit, too. That's apparently why the signs are made to grab your attention.
Kasumi: Just looking at them makes me feel so energetic~!
Arisa: Too energetic, if you ask me. Keep it up, and you'll run out of gas before tomorrow's concert, you know?
Kasumi: Don't worry, I'd never run out of energy for a concert!
Arisa: Sure... Seriously, though, make sure you leave enough juice for tomorrow, okay?
Street Vendor: You girls sure are a cheerful bunch~! Care to try our soft serve? I'll even throw in a discount now~!
Kasumi: Whoa~! I'll take one~!
Arisa: H-hey, Kasumi...! Whenever someone tries to sell us something, she just rushes over to check them out...
Saya: Just walking seems to attract the attention of the vendors here. At this rate, Kasumi might end up buying all the food being sold along this street.
Tae: All of these taste so amazing!
Arisa: Skewers, pork bun, baby castella cakes... I see you've been buying everything, too, O-Tae...
Saya: Ahaha. I like how vibrant it is here though. It's such a different feel from downtown Hanasakigawa... Maybe I'll try hawking in front of the bakery like the people here.
Tae: Let me try then! Come check us out! We've got sweet deals you won't wanna miss~! Hey there, Moca! Wanna take a look? You know you want to!
Saya: Actually, Moca's probably not the best choice since she'll come anyway...
Live House Staff: Hey~, guys! Over here~!
Kasumi: Oh! Hi~! Long time no see!
Live House Staff: Too long~! Last time was the Rocking Star Festival, right? Thanks for coming all the way here!
Kasumi: And thanks for inviting us to the event! We're really excited to perform for the first time in Kansai!
Tae: Is the event taking place around here?
Live House Staff: Uh-huh! I've got some equipment to drop off, so let me take you there!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nakanoshima Park]

Kasumi: Wow~! It's so huge~!
Arisa: Damn~, I can't believe there's a park this big right in the middle of downtown...
Tae: Look at all the stages. Makes sense since there'll be a lot of bands performing.
Live House Staff: Yup. All of them wanted to help out with our plan to invigorate the Osaka girls band scene. We managed to get lots of Osaka bands who love Osaka to join.
Live House Staff: It's also my first project as the live house manager, so I'm determined to make it succeed. By the way, a lot of people are looking forward to seeing you girls perform.
Kasumi: Really?! That's so awesome~!
Saya: We actually have people all the way here who want to see us. It's pretty amazing if you think about it.
Kasumi: Don't worry about tomorrow! We'll do our best to make sure everyone has a great time!
Live House Staff: I'll be counting on you girls! Can't wait to see what kind of show you've got planned!
Saya: ... Hey, before our show, maybe it's a good idea to get to know the city better, don't you think?
Kasumi: I was just thinking that too! I want to be able to get up on stage with the same feelings as the other bands!
Tae: Why don't we go look for lunch and take a look around while we're at it?
Arisa: Hey, Rimi. Happen to know any good places around...
Rimi: ...
Arisa: Hm? You alright, Rimi?
Rimi: Oh, it's nothing. This park just brought back a lot of memories, so...
Rimi: Um, lunch, right?
Kasumi: Yeah! We want to hear your recommendations~!
Rimi: Uh, there are supposed to be some popular okonomiyaki places around here.
Rimi: The one at the corner there makes them really fluffy, and I heard people like the sauce they use...
Rimi: The one across the bridge offers a lot of ingredients to choose from. The portions are apparently really big too.
Arisa & Saya & Kasumi & Tae: ...?
Rimi: Hm...? What's wrong?
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, is it just me, or have you never actually been to the places around here?
Arisa: Yeah, that was a lot of supposedly's, and apparently's, and I heard's.
Rimi: Oh... You noticed? I never really came here all that much, to be honest.
Rimi: As I'm sure you've seen, this is an especially busy area where energetic vendors will try to talk to you when you pass by their stores.
Rimi: It always made me uncomfortable, so I avoided this place as much as possible when I lived here~.
Tae: You didn't like having people try to talk to you?
Rimi: It was more like I never knew how to respond when they would say so much at once.
Rimi: Thinking about how they had to be wondering why I was so nervous was embarrassing, and the idea that they probably thought I was weird made me blush.
Rimi: Ngh, even just thinking about it makes me feel so embarrassed.
Saya: Now that you mention it, you were a lot shyer back when we first met, huh?
Arisa: I totally understand. I don't like it when people at stores approach me either...
Rimi: Don't worry though. I made sure to thoroughly review a travel guide, so I know a lot of the good stores in the area.
Saya: You did all of that research for us, huh, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Osaka is where I used to live, and since we were coming all the way here, I wanted to make sure all of you would have a good time.
Kasumi: That's so sweet of you, Rimi-rin!
Kasumi: You know what though? As curious as I am about the places that show up in a travel guide~... I think I'd rather go to the places you used to enjoy.
Rimi: Hm?
Tae: Me too. I want to get to know the things you liked when you were here.
Rimi: R-really...? Okay, I guess I can take you to a place I used to go to a lot. I hope it's still in the same spot though...
Kasumi: ...? Same spot?
