event233-04 Chapter 3: Where My Journey Began

The girls are about to meet Rimi's grandmother for the first time...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Rimi's Grandmother's House]

Kasumi: Rimi's grandma's house! Here we are at last~!
Rimi: Grandma~, I'm back~.
Kasumi: Hey, hey, what do you think Rimi's grandma is like?
Saya: This is Rimi-rin's grandmother we're talking about, so... Hmm, I'd say gentle and kindly.
Tae: I bet she likes chocolate cornets too.
Arisa: Listen up, guys, don't cause trouble by going too crazy, okay?
Rimi's Grandmother: Well, look at that~! You've grown so darn big, Rimi-chan! Best make sure you don't bump your head on the ceilin'~! Ahaha!
Rimi: I'm not that tall~, Grandma~. Hey, mind if I ask what the huge case at the entrance is?
Rimi's Grandmother: Huh, this? This here's my saxophone!
Kasumi & Arisa & Saya & Tae & Rimi: Saxophone?!
Rimi's Grandmother: There were some jazz folks at the entertainment hall the other day, and it was really somethin'. That's why I got my own! We need to do a session with Yuri-chan sometime!
Saya: R-Rimi-rin's grandmother sure is spry, huh...?
Arisa: Yeah... Definitely not what I expected...
Rimi: She's always been the real active type.
Rimi's Grandmother: Oh, allow me to welcome you girls too~! I've heard about you all from Rimi-chan. Come on in. Hope you're all ready to pig out 'cause the takoyaki's ready!
Kasumi: Yay~! We're having a takoyaki party~!
Tae: Takoyaki, takoyaki~♪
Rimi: Just so you know, my grandma makes the world's meanest takoyaki.
Saya: Ooh~, can't wait. In we go then~.
(Black cut)

[Rimi's Grandmother's House - Living Room]

Kasumi: Phew~, I'm stuffed~!
Tae: Phew~, I don't think I can have another bite... Absolutely no regrets though~.
Arisa: Sigh... Feels like it's been non-stop eating since coming to Osaka.
Saya: A little pigging out during a trip never hurt anyone. Gotta make the most of it, you know?
Tae: Rimi, you were an amazing takoyaki flipper.
Rimi: Huh, really?
Kasumi: Yeah! You just kept going from one takoyaki to the next super fast~!
Rimi: O-oh...? Might be all the practicin' I've gotten at my grandma's over the years...
Arisa: Rimi's been going full-blown Kansai dialect ever since she stepped foot in here, huh?
Saya: Fufu. I'm guessing it's because she's completely at ease here.
Tae: Ohh, small Rimi!
Kasumi: What?
Tae: Look, the picture on top of the drawer.
Kasumi: Wow, you're right! Rimi-rin's carrying a randoseru backpack~! She's so cute~!
Arisa: I wonder if the person next to her is Yuri-senpai.
Saya: And this picture is... Oh wow, Rimi-rin's wearing a sailor schoolgirl uniform! Looks like a school entrance ceremony~. I never knew your bangs used to be longer.
Rimi: Th-this is so embarrassing~...
Tae: Hey, this photo's really cool. Yuri-san's playing an acoustic guitar.
Arisa: Whoa. Hm...? Wait a sec... This place looks familiar...
Rimi: Yes, it's the park where the music festival will be taking place.
Rimi: I never found a good time to bring it up... but my sister also performed her first concert ever there.
Rimi: It was during a summer festival. She sang and played her guitar on this tiny stage...
Rimi: But she wasn't used to concerts at all... so she ended up dropping her pick and getting some chords wrong.
Rimi: None of that stopped her from singing with such confidence and joy though... To me, she looked incredible up there.
Rimi: I think that might have been the moment that made me want to pick up an instrument as well.
Kasumi: Huh~! I guess that park is your sparkling, heart-pounding place then!
Rimi: Fufu, maybe. Oh, but...
Rimi: Back then, I didn't want to get up on stage like her at all...
Rimi: Imagining myself being the center of attention up there was enough to make my mind go blank and scream that there was no way I was doing it.
Kasumi: Oh yeah... before getting the band together, you did say getting up on stage was scary for you.
Saya: But just look at you now. Tomorrow, you're going to be performing at the very same place as Yuri-senpai.
Tae: It'll be your triumphant homecoming show!
Kasumi: Alright! Let's make tomorrow's show a good one no matter what, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Yes...!
Rimi's Grandmother: Well, well, talkin' about what to do tomorrow, are we? Sounds fun~! Care for some extra company? I'll have you know I'm a pretty mean sax player!
Rimi: Grandma~, you promised you'd just watch tomorrow.
Rimi's Grandmother: Ahaha! Just messin' with ya~! Gotta say though... you sure have learned how to smile real nice.
Rimi's Grandmother: Must be all them friends you've made up in Tokyo. Brings a tear to my eye.
Rimi: Grandma...
Rimi's Grandmother: Anyway, let me lay out your mattresses! You're gonna need the rest to put on a good show tomorrow~!
Saya: Oh, we'll help! Kasumi, could you bring over the blankets?
Kasumi: Okay~!
Arisa: Let's move the table then.
Rimi: Alright!
Tae: I'll move our stuff over to the corner.
Tae: Ah... Rimi's bag is open.
Tae: ...?
Tae: High School Study Abroad?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
