event233-03 Chapter 2: The View from the Bench

The girls enjoy their okonomiyaki. Around them are many places familiar to Rimi.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Kasumi: Mmm~! This okonomiyaki is just amazing~, and it's really fluffy too~!
Arisa: The sauce is so rich and has such an appetizing smell as well~...
Kasumi: I know, right? Whenever I put a piece in my mouth, it takes me straight to heaven!
Saya: The batter they use is nice, and it's also grilled just right, don't you think? I've never had okonomiyaki this moist.
Rimi: Fufu, I'm so glad all of you seem to like it.
Saya: I have to say, I never expected you to recommend a food truck though.
Rimi: The last time I came was a few years ago, so I'm glad they're still doing business in the same spot.
Tae: The display case and the stuffed animals on the counter made it a really cute truck for an okonomiyaki place, don't you think?
Saya: It was also kind of weird that they were offering so many desserts, such as chocolate parfaits and strawberry smoothies.
Rimi: The big focus on desserts is apparently because the owner has a sweet tooth.
Rimi: I always thought they had better chocolate parfaits than actual dessert food trucks, so I used to swing by and eat them a lot back in middle school.
Kasumi: Fufufu, I guess you've always loved your chocolate~, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Eventually, the people who worked there memorized my face though...
Rimi: After one of them remarked that I was always getting their chocolate parfaits, it became hard to buy them for a while.
Arisa: I so know what you mean... Having people memorize your face makes things really awkward~.
Tae: Did you come to this park often when you were in middle school?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. Sometimes, it was to have something sweet after school... Other times, it was to read a book I had borrowed from the library.
Rimi: This park was perfect because I would pass close to it on the way home after school.
Saya: Now that you mention it, there do seem to be quite a few kids who look like they're in middle school. Maybe they're going to the school you went to, Rimi-rin.
Arisa: An awful lot of them seem to be carrying instruments on their backs too.
Rimi: That might be because there's a music store nearby. See the building with the blue roof over there? That's where it is.
Kasumi: Did you go there a lot, too, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yes. Probably right around when I started playing the bass. I'd go there with my sister to buy new strings.
Rimi: Everything was so new to me back then... so it was really intimidating each time.
Saya: When you've only just picked up an instrument, just entering a music shop can be stressful.
Arisa: It's funny how that works though~. Before you know it, you can go inside like it's nothing.
Kasumi: In my case, it was exciting right from the start!
Tae: Me too! I always felt like I was going to a theme park.
Arisa: Well, for you guys, sure...
Saya: It's a good thing you had Yuri-senpai back then, huh? Having her along probably made the first time far less stressful.
Rimi: It did, but... there was one time when I had to go alone.
Rimi: That didn't go too well...
Kasumi: What happened?
Rimi: I was so scared to enter on my own that I just stood around in front of the door being indecisive...
Rimi: And the staff apparently thought I was a lost child...
Saya: Really...?
Rimi: They were so worried that they even called the police, and it kind of became a big deal.
Rimi: I was already a middle schooler by then, so that was embarrassing, to put it mildly...
Arisa: I-I see why you said it didn't go too well...
Saya: It sounds like they were nice people though. They actually cared enough about you to do that.
Rimi: Yes. Back when I lived here, having people suddenly speak to me was sometimes scary...
Rimi: But looking back, there were also lots of times when it was helpful or put me at ease.
Rimi: I can think of so many examples of people being kind now.
Saya: I see...
Arisa: You know, Kasumi's kinda like the people here.
Saya: Ah, I think I know what you mean. She's also friendly and approachable.
Rimi: Fufu... Her being the way she is is probably what made it possible for me to become a part of Poppin'Party.
Rimi: I have to say, the five of us sitting together on the same bench that I used to sit on by myself is... well, it's kind of really nice.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...!
Kasumi: I'm also super happy that we all get to be here with you in the city where you used to live~!
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan, if you keep holding me like that, the okonomiyaki's going to end up on the ground. Fufufu.
Arisa: Yeah, this kinda thing is nice, alright. Staying over at a friend's grandma's place is going to be a first for me too...
Tae: One more memory of summer break to add to our collection.
Saya: Hey, since we still have time until it's late afternoon, why don't we go take another look around?
Kasumi: Yeah~! Alright, Rimi-rin, be our guide, will you?
Rimi: Okay, sure!
