event233-01 Opening: Osaka!

Poppin'Party arrives in Osaka, eyes full of wonder at the many new sights.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Osaka - City]

Kasumi: Look! That tower's huge~!
Arisa: K-Kasumi, quiet down! People are giving us looks~...!
Saya: Fufu, the real thing sure is big, huh~? I'll send Jun and Sana some pictures later.
Tae: Hey, I smell some amazing sauce coming from over that way...! "The Original Deep-Fried Skewers." It's the place that invented skewers.
Kasumi: That okonomiyaki place has "the original" on their sign too! Ohh, and so does the doteyaki stew place over there!
Tae: All kinds of great food was born in this city... We're in a truly amazing place right now. I'm so awed.
Rimi: Um... actually, no.
Kasumi & Tae: Huh?
Rimi: A lot of places like to add "the original" to their name, but it's probably not true for most of them.
Kasumi: O-oh...!
Rimi: I kind of understand why they do it though. When I see "the original," it just makes me think their food will be super good.
Saya: Let me guess, Rimi-rin. You're the type who's a sucker for "home of the" and "birthplace," too, aren't you?
Rimi: Huh? How did you know?
Saya: Ahaha, it was kind of obvious~.
Arisa: Hey~, how long do you guys plan to keep talking about food? We gotta go say hi at the live house, remember?
Kasumi: Oh, right!
Saya: This is so exciting, huh~? The last time we met everyone from there was during the Rocking Star Festival.
Arisa: You just blurted out that we'd do a show in Kansai, and here we are about to do just that. I still can't believe it~.
Rimi: We have to thank them. They're the ones who invited us to be in a music festival here in Osaka, after all.
Kasumi: I'm so happy they remembered what I said back then~!
Saya: They did help us when we streamed our show, so let's make sure we give them a good performance!
Tae: Yeah! I get the feeling this'll make for a great summer memory!
Arisa: It's the first time we've traveled all the out here for a concert, so we need to focus more than usual and...
Tae: Hey, look! There's a shooting gallery over there!
Kasumi: Wow, you're right! There's even one of those retro video arcades this way!
Arisa: Hey, hold up!
Rimi: This shopping district has a lot of stores that haven't changed at all in forever. I find the nostalgic feel of the buildings and signs so fascinating.
Saya: This may be the kind of street from way before we were born, but I think I know what you mean.
Kasumi: Hey, hey, that arcade over there has some special photo booth options you can only find in Osaka!
Tae: Nice! Let's write "Hi, Osaka!"
Arisa: The photo booth can wait until after our concert, alright?
Arisa: By the way, Rimi, how do we get to the live house from here?
Rimi: Uh, we just take the subway, and in about fifteen minutes...
Rimi: Oh, it's from my grandmother... Give me a moment, please. Hey. Mm-hmm, we're already here. We're at a shoppin' district right now...
Kasumi: I can't wait to see what her grandma's place is like~!
Arisa: Yeah. Just don't forget that we're staying over as guests, so behave, alright? Oops. Do you think we should've brought gifts of some kind?
Tae: I've got you covered, Arisa. I made sure to bring some Tokyo souvenirs.
Arisa: Seriously? You're a lifesaver, O-Tae...! So, what did you buy?
Tae: A rabbit phone strap and rabbit manju. They look so cute, don't they?
Arisa: And what exactly is the Tokyo connection here?!
Rimi: Huh? Naw, you don't have to get the takoyaki ready~. We won't be arrivin' till late afternoon.
Kasumi: Wow! Rimi-rin's using Kansai speak!
Rimi: Mm-hmm, yeah... Alrighty, see ya later then.
Rimi: ... Phew, Grandma can be so darn impatient...
Kasumi & Saya & Arisa & Tae: Fufufu...
Rimi: ...? Why are all of you giving me that look? Is there something on my face...?
Arisa: Oh~, we just noticed how much Kansai speak you were using.
Rimi: Huh, really? Ngh, I feel so embarrassed~...
Kasumi: Don't be! It was really cute!
Tae: Yeah, especially the "alrighty, see ya." I'm gonna use it too. Alrighty, see ya, Arisa!
Arisa: O-O-Tae where do you think you're going?! Stay put!
Saya: Maybe talking to your grandma put you in Kansai mode.
Rimi: N-naw, this is just, um...
Tae: Ah, you're doing it again.
Rimi: Oh, you're right. Ugh~. It keeps slipping out...
Kasumi: Aww~, you're so cute~, Rimi-rin!
Saya: Hm...? Hey, Arisa. I'm checking my phone's map right now, but I'm not seeing the entrance to the station. Is this the place?
Arisa: Let me take a look... Whoa, it's like some kind of maze... I think this is the place though...
Rimi: Oh... If we walk underground from over here, we can get to the station faster. It looks like the long route on the map, but it's actually quicker because it's less crowded.
Kasumi: Whoa~! You really know your way around here~!
Arisa: Thank god too~! Do you think you could guide us?
Rimi: Sure, I can do that. Um~, the crosswalk should be this way, I reckon...
Saya: Fufufu, Rimi-rin's at it again.
Kasumi: I guess it just slips out unconsciously~. Fufufu.
