event233-06 Chapter 5: Who I Used to Be, Who I Am Now

The girls arrive at the venue. Rimi is still bothered by her words last night.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Nakanoshima Park]

Kasumi: Hey, look. The first band's already rehearsing!
Arisa: Whoa, those are some flashy outfits... They're fired up, alright~.
Tae: I bet it feels so good to play the guitar under the blue sky...!
Saya: Interesting~. That band has three guitarists. Hey, Rimi-rin! Let's all go take a closer look.
Rimi: O-okay...!
Rimi: (... I still can't shake off this feeling... Our concert is coming up though... I need to stop dwelling on it...)
Arisa: Huh, I only expected people who were here for the music festival, but it looks like there are regular parkgoers as well.
Saya: Probably because only part of the park seems to have been reserved for the event. There are also stages that are open to the public.
Tae: Quite a few people are checking out the rehearsals.
Tae: Hey, that person over there. They're the one that sold us soft serve yesterday. Wow, they sure seem to be having fun dancing to the song!
Saya: Over there too. There are some little kids staring at the stage. I wonder if they're interested in the performance. Just look at the way their eyes are sparkling.
Arisa: You know, it feels kind of crazy to see music getting to be a part of the cityscape like this.
Kasumi: ... Yeah, it's incredible. Really incredible.
Kasumi: It's like it's spreading!
Rimi: Spreading...?
Kasumi: The power of music. Instead of going inward, it's like it's spreading outward more and more...!
Kasumi: I feel like music is something that can connect even more people and become an even bigger circle than I'd imagined...! Mmm~, I'm getting so excited now!
???: ... Hm? Hey, are you guys Poppin'Party?
Kasumi: ...? Oh, wait. You're one of the bands that's performing today...
Band A: Wow, you actually recognize us! That's so cool! There's somethin' we've wanted to say to you all if we ever managed to meet.
Rimi: Say to us?
Band A: That Rocking Star Festival stream was a real killer!
Band A: It gave us shivers to know that there were high schoolers in Tokyo who had spirit like us! Anyway, I'm sure we ran into each other for a reason, so good luck to us both!
Kasumi: Wow, thanks! Yeah, let's put on a good show!
Band B: Ah, Poppin'Party! You mind givin' us some time?
Band C: We got to see your stream in one of the live houses around here~! Seein' high schoolers like us doin' what you guys did was real encouragin'~!
Saya: Looks like even more bands are starting to gather around us, huh?
Arisa: Y-yeah...
Band B: You're Arisa-chan, the keyboardist, right? I like your sound a whole lot~! Hey, you think we can exchange contact info or somethin'?
Arisa: Y-you what? Sure... I don't mind...
Band B: Great! Hope you enjoy performin' in Osaka! People here love havin' a good time, so you've got nothin' to worry about, alright?
Band C: Oh yeah! Seein' that stream of yours is what got us streamin' our shows! Here's a link. Come check us out! Anyway, we gotta go rehearse! Later!
Kasumi: Okay! We'll take a look for sure! See you later in the dressing room!
Saya: Fufu, how nice~, Arisa. They said they like your sound.
Arisa: N-not another word, alright...?
Arisa: But well... I guess getting that kind of praise wasn't too bad...
Kasumi: ...
Kasumi: ... It's kinda nice, huh?
Arisa: ...?
Kasumi: I'm just thinking about how glad I am that we streamed that show back then~.
Kasumi: If we hadn't, we might never have gotten to know the bands from around here that we just met.
Kasumi: It makes me so glad that we streamed~. Just look at me. I'm kind of starting to get all emotional.
Tae: The show we streamed back then is what made this moment possible.
Arisa: Making that show happen definitely wasn't easy though.
Rimi: We all had to work really hard.
Tae: I still remember when you said "I kinda want to do this," Saya.
Saya: Ahaha... Did I really sound that fired up?
Saya: What I remember the most is Rimi's "Why don't we just try?"
Rimi: I-I only ever said that because it came to me while I was talking to my sister that the only way to find out was to try...
Rimi: ...
Rimi: (... "Just try," huh?)
Rimi: (The old me who could only ever look up and watch as my sister performed on stage probably never would've been able to say that...)
Rimi: (Maybe I've become a tiny bit stronger because I met my bandmates...)
Kasumi: ... Oh, I know! You guys wanna try emceeing?
Saya: Th-that came out of nowhere...
Arisa: The idea of emceeing in unfamiliar territory without any prep work kinda freaks me out, to be honest...
Kasumi: We're only here now because of that show we streamed and all the people we got to connect with...
Kasumi: So I just thought it'd be nice if we could tell them more about ourselves.
Saya: And I get that... I'm just not sure we can pull it off.
Rimi: ... I want to give it a shot too.
Saya & Arisa: Huh?
Rimi: Joining Poppin'Party has given me so much. It's let me connect with all kinds of people... and meeting them has let me change in so many ways.
Rimi: That's why I understand why Kasumi-chan feels this is important.
Saya: Rimi-rin...
Saya: ... Alright, I'm in.
Saya: Gotta pay attention to the answer that lies up ahead when you're unsure and thinking "but." Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: ... Ah.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Saya-chan, I think that "but" is something you should pay more attention to.
Rimi: It's probably where your true answer lies...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: (Saya-chan remembers what I said to her back then...)
Arisa: Well, in that case... guess I'm in too!
Tae: Yeah. If you write off things as impossible before you even start, you'll never be able to start anything.
Live House Staff: Poppin'Party~! You girls mind getting ready for rehearsals~?
Kasumi: Sure thing~! Let's go, guys!
Rimi: ...
Rimi: (...The true answer lies beyond the "but...")
Rimi: (Then the reason why I have this feeling that I can't shake off is because of how I actually feel about studying abroad ...)
Rimi: (Why am I so drawn to the idea though...?)
(Black cut)
