event200-07 Ending: Playfulness in Sync

A few days later during lunch, the girls are heading to the roof when...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway Staircase]

Moca: Hii-chan's still not here~? I'm so hungry I could eat a horse~.
Ran: Just hang in there a bit longer.
Tsugumi: She said she was just going to get her water bottle, but it's taking a long time. I wonder if something happened to her.
Himari: Guys! The venue has been set for the second round of the GBT!
Tomoe: Whoa, really?
Himari: A message from the event manager just came, so I was writing them back.
Tsugumi: We don't know which bands will play against each other yet, right?
Himari: Nope. They said they'd contact us as soon as it's been confirmed.
Tomoe: Okay. Man~, I'm so excited to find out which band we're going up against next!
Ran: Me too. No matter who it is, I want to give it everything we've got.
Tomoe: Right on! Ooh-wee, I'm starting to get super hyped for this~!
Moca: Yeah! I'm starting to get super hyped too~!
Ran: Ah, you sounded just like her.
Himari: Hey~, Moca! None of that! I'm still mad at you for pranking us!
Tsugumi: Fufu, you've been bringing that up ever since the day it happened.
Himari: That's because I almost believed it! I'm never ever going to let you forget what you did!
Tomoe: Haha. Good, you just keep on reminding us.
Moca: Oh boy~, we've traumatized Hii-chan for life. What wicked girls we must be~.
Himari: Mocaaa~!
Moca: I know, I know. I'm sorry~.
Ran: You two were pretty good at pretending to be someone else. I could never do something like that.
Tomoe: Haha. Well, if someone told me to act like Hina-senpai, there's no way I could do it. I think maybe the only reason we pulled it off was because we're childhood friends.
Himari: That's a good point! We've seen what we're like ever since we were little!
Tsugumi: We know how we are. Like, our little habits and the way we speak around each other.
Tomoe: Yeah. But on the other hand, we don't know each other one hundred percent. I could pretend to be Moca, but it's not like I understand her completely.
Moca: You just said something profound, Tomo-chin~. It's true. Moca-chan is a girl whose depths are deeper than the sea~.
Himari: Fufu, and just what is that supposed to mean? Ah, why don't we head to the roof now before we run out of time?
Moca: I'm excited to try these new buns~. Faalalala~♪
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, it's not safe to skip while you're on the stairs. If you don't pay attention to where you're going-...!
Moca: Huh? Ah... Ahh!
Tomoe: Watch out!
(White cut)
Tomoe & Moca: ...!
Tsugumi: Are you two okay?!
Himari: That sounded really painful. Are you hurt?
Moca: Ugh...
Tomoe: Ouch...
Himari: Hey~! Don't you dare tell me two switched bodies again!
Tomoe: Ahaha. Nah, not this time. We just knocked into each other. That's all.
Ran: Good.
Himari: Argh~, don't make us worry so much.
Tomoe: Sorry, sorry. C'mon, let's get to the roof.
Tsugumi: Ah, that reminds me. I have a favor to ask you all.
Tsugumi: They're organizing the downtown storage area tomorrow, but they don't have enough people... Could any of you help if you're free?
Tomoe & Moca: Sure, I'll help!
Ran, Tsugumi & Himari: Huh?
Himari: Huh~?! What's going on? What just happened?
Tomoe & Moca: ... Pfft, ahahaha.
Tomoe: That was some ace timing!
Moca: We were perfectly in sync with each other~.
Himari: O-oh~, you were just copying each other.
Ran: Jeez, you two are always fooling around. People can't switch bodies in real life.
Tomoe & Moca: Can't they~?
(White cut)
