event200-02 Chapter 1: Moca as Tomoe, Tomoe as Moca

Ran, Tsugumi, and Himari try to see if Tomoe and Moca really switched bodies!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Amusement Park]

Ran: E-everybody, just calm down for a sec... What exactly is going on?
Tsugumi: Right. The first thing we need to do is understand the situation. Umm, you two bumped heads, and then...
Himari: Moca became Tomoe, and Tomoe became Moca... Right?
Tomoe: I-it looks that way~...
Himari: Ugh, Tomoe is talking like Moca... This is weird...
Ran: Is that even possible? You are two just messing around, aren't you?
Moca: Guys, you've got to believe us! This is really happening...!
Himari: You say that, but... Ah, I know! If you can tell us something only Tomoe would know, then that would mean you're the real Tomoe, right?
Moca: Something only I would know? Like what?
Himari: Well~... Like, what grade you got on the math test we had recently!
Ran: But we don't know what she got either, right?
Himari: Ah, right. Umm, I guess it has to be something Tomoe and one of us knows, but Moca doesn't~. Do you have anything like that?
Moca: Could there even be anything that convenient?
Tsugumi: ... The number of points you have at the ramen shop!
Tomoe: What?
Tsugumi: When we had ramen yesterday, you said you'd collected a lot of points on your point card. Only Tomoe-chan and I should know how many!
Ran: I know she's been collecting points, but even I don't know how many she has now.
Tomoe: W... Wow~! Tsugu, always the bright one~.
Himari: Let's hear your answer. If you're the real Tomoe, then you should know! How many points do you have on your ramen point card?
Moca: Ten points, right?
Ran & Himari: ... Gulp...
Tsugumi: That's right...!
Tsugumi: ... So that means...
Ran, Tsugumi & Himari: ...
Ran: No, there's just no way this is really happening.
Himari: B-but~! She knows about the points. Isn't that proof enough?
Tsugumi: That's true, but something like this can't really...
Ran: I don't think so either. It's impossible.
Moca: Hey, I don't wanna believe it either, but this is really happening! Moca, say something.
Tomoe: B-boy oh boy~... I'm still trying to wrap my head around all of this~.
Ran: Guys, don't you think you've had enough fun already? You're taking this too far.
Moca: Do we look like we're playin' around? Jeez~, why won't you believe us...?
Tsugumi: Umm... Wait, Himari-chan! How did the two people in the movie switch back?
Himari: Well... They bumped heads again in the same place, and then... Ah, that could work! These two might go back to normal if they tried that too!
Ran: ... Hold on. Look at that.
Himari: Hrm? There's a sign in front of the coffee cup ride... "Temporarily Closed For Maintenance"?!
Ran: It says the ride should be open again in the evening.
Himari: Whaaat~?! This can't be~.
Moca: Well, we have an idea for how to undo this, so all we have to do is wait until evening, right?
Moca: Since we're at an amusement park, we should have fun until then.
Himari: B-but...
Moca: Relaaax, Himari! I'm feeling great! Let's all have a good time!
Himari: ... You sound a little different, Tomoe...
Moca: I always talk this way! Always!
Ran: ... Okay. Well, I guess that's that for now. We should decide what to do next.
Tomoe: Umm~... I wanna go pick flowers~.
Moca: Oh, maybe I'll go with.
Tsugumi: Alright. I guess we'll wait on the benches over there. Um, call for us right away if you start feeling sick or something, okay?
Tomoe: We'll be fine~, we'll be fine~. See ya in a bit~.
(Black cut)
Tomoe & Moca: ...
Moca: ...? Moca? Didn't you say you were going to the restroom?
Tomoe: ... It's probably cool for us to drop the act now, Moca.
Moca: ...
Moca: Heh heh~, we have to be careful~. The others can't see us anymore, so we're good~.
Tomoe: Jeez.... So, hey, did I do a good job of sounding like you?
Moca: You were perfect~. Gosh~, I'm sure glad you're quick on your feet.
Tomoe: Of course I was going to figure things out with you shooting me glances like that. Why are we playing such a mean prank on them anyway?
Moca: Why...? Just because, I guess. Besides, it's Halloween~. Isn't it fun to play tricks on the others like this sometimes?
Moca: And that look on their faces~. Wasn't that priceless? Don't you wanna see more of that?
Tomoe: True, I haven't seen them look that spooked in a while! ... Hey, are you trying to keep this prank going? I'm already at my limit~!
Moca: You'll be fine~. Anyway~, it's not every day you get to do something this fun, right~? Let's really make the others' heads spin~.
Tomoe: W-well, this is fun... But...
Moca: Stick with it, and I'll treat you to three bowls of ramen~.
Tomoe: Deal!
Moca: I thought that might persuade you~.
Tomoe: Alright, there's no turning back now. Let's try pranking them good, shall we?
Moca: Yay~, that's my Tomo-chin. Let's get 'em~.
Tomoe: Ah, by the way, about the point card. How did you know? I didn't tell you about that.
Moca: That was easy~. Did you think I, of all people, wouldn't sneak a peak at someone's point card~?
Tomoe: Haha... You really don't miss a thing.
Moca: You know me~. Nothing escapes The Great Detective Moca-chan~. Now, let's get our special trick a-trickin'~♪
(Black cut)
