event200-01 Opening: Switched Bodies?!

Afterglow is having fun at the theme park when Tomoe and Moca bump heads...!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Amusement Park]

Tomoe: Man, roller coasters are the best!
Moca: They slowly creep to the top and then whoosh down...! I just love that feeling~.
Ran: I'm glad I have a hood. A hat would've been blown away.
Tsugumi: Fufu, maybe. Your devil costume is really cute.
Himari: It is! Tsugu, your witch costume looks great too! Since we're here, let's get a picture in front of the roller coaster!
Ran: We took some when we entered the park. Just how many do you plan on taking?
Himari: As many as I can~! It's Halloween, after all.
Himari: And this is the first time we've come to an amusement park in costumes. I want to capture all these good memories.
Tomoe: I never thought I'd be at an amusement park dressed like this~.
Tsugumi: I was a little embarrassed at first, but everyone here is dressed up too. I think I'm starting to like it.
Moca: I know what you mean~. I'm glad we wore costumes~.
Ran: You were the one who was most annoyed by the idea at first.
Moca: What~? Was I really?
Himari: Yes~. When I asked everyone to come, you said you were all for it but didn't want to wear a costume.
Ran: But you did a 180 as soon as you learned people in costumes would get a free toasted sandwich.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... You suddenly switched sides and started trying to convince everyone to wear costumes with Himari-chan.
Moca: I think I kinda like being Vampire Moca-chan~. Growl, I vant to drink your blood~.
Himari: Right, right~? That's what makes Halloween so much fun! Now, what should we ride next?
Moca: I know~, how about the haunted mansion~?
Ran: No. Way.
Moca: Why not~? It'll be so much fun~. Let's go~.
Himari: It's like nothing scares you... You didn't even scream when we went to school at night. Aren't you afraid of ghosts?
Moca: Nah, not really~. Aren't you guys a little too scared of stuff?
Tomoe: Nope, you're just fearless, Moca.
Tsugumi: Well, no haunted mansion for now... Why don't we ride those coffee cups? It looks like a short wait.
Ran: Sure, why not? Let's go.
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Tomoe: Hey, have you gotten an email about the second round of the GBT?
Himari: Not yet~. I'll let everyone know as soon as I hear from them.
Tomoe: Cool, I can't wait to know which band we'll play against next~!
Ran: Me neither. I kind of liked that tingling sensation I got... when we played. We put on a good show in the first round.
Tsugumi: I was really nervous about the audience voting for who they liked, but I was happy they voted for us.
Moca: Well, it was only natural that Afterglow would completely capture the hearts of the audience~.
Moca: It just goes to show... that people can't hide their true nature when it comes to music~.
Himari: I know~. Music is powerful! I started bawling when a song played at the end of a movie I was watching yesterday...
Tsugumi: That reminds me, that movie you like was on TV yesterday, wasn't it?
Ran: Really? What kind of movie was it?
Moca: It's a story where the main character and the heroine switch bodies when they bump heads~.
Tomoe: Oh, that's the movie Himari took us to see at the theater.
Himari: It's really such a nice movie~! Watching the characters learn to understand each other after switching bodies is so romantic!
Tomoe: Yeah, it was good, but... nobody notices they've switched. If someone suddenly changed that much, you'd notice, right?
Himari: Ugh~, you don't have a single romantic bone in your body~.
Tsugumi: I don't think something like that could really happen, but I enjoyed the movie a lot.
Himari: Sigh~, I wish something like that would happen~! Then, I could do well on next week's tests for sure! ... I think.
Tomoe: Himari... Do you really hate tests that much?
Himari: This time they're going to cover too many things~. I'm doomed~.
Moca: ... Hmm, I just had a fun thought~.
Ran: Ah, it's our turn next. Let's go.
(Black cut)

[Coffee Cups Ride]

Ride Announcement: Thank you for riding. Please watch your step as you exit the ride.
Moca: M-my eyes... k-keep... spinning~.
Tomoe: Ooohhh~. The whole world is moving in circles~.
Ran: That's what happens when you spin so much... I'm sure glad I wasn't in your cup.
Tsugumi: Are you okay? You're both wobbling. Ah! Moca-chan, there's a step there...!
Moca: Huh? ... Ahhh!
Tomoe: Moca, watch out!
(White cut)
Tomoe & Moca: ...!!
Tsugumi: A-are you two okay? You bumped heads pretty hard!
Himari: That sounded like it really hurt. Are you alright?
Moca: Ugh...
Tomoe: Ouch~...
Tomoe: Don't worry~... I'm fine~, I'm fine~...
Ran: Tomoe sounds kind of like Moca.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, are you okay? Maybe you shouldn't stand up yet.
Moca: That hurt... Sigh~, the world finally stopped spinning.
Himari: Ah, Moca is back. Thank goodness~! I was so worried about you~.
Moca: ...? What are you talking about? I'm Tomoe.
Ran, Tsugumi & Himari: ... Huh?
Tomoe: Ugh... Ouch~...
Moca: What the?! I-I'm standing in front of me! Wait... Am I in Moca's body?!
Ran: Huh...? Hold on. Does that mean they...
Ran, Tsugumi, Himari & Moca: Switched bodies~?!
(White cut)
