event95-06 Chapter 5: Memories Take Shape

Hagumi has one more thing she wishes to try. She takes them to a postcard painting workshop...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Forest Park]

Rimi: I'm so full~. That was delicious.
Ran: Yeah. What should we do before we go?
Hagumi: I know! I have something I wanna do! Guys~, follow me~.
Rimi: Ah, Hagumi-chan, wait for us~!
Sayo: Kitazawa-san, don't run out of our sights!
Yukina: I guess we have no choice but to follow. Let's go.
(Black cut)
Rimi: What is this place...?
Ran: A postcard workshop...?
Hagumi: Yeah! You took lots of photos and videos today, but I thought your sister might be really happy if you sent something else too.
Sayo: I see. A unique hand-drawn postcard from Japan. I think it's a good suggestion.
Hagumi: I found this place when I was looking around at the food stands. So, Rimi-rin, you guys, what do you think?
Ran: Yeah, I think it's a good idea. Nice one, Hagumi.
Rimi: I want to do it. We should all make some.
(Black cut)
Instructor: Welcome to the postcard workshop. Please feel free to use the art supplies over there.
Sayo: ...
Hagumi: Huh? Sayo-senpai, what's wrong? You don't look very happy.
Sayo: I'm a little worried... I'm not very good at drawing.
Instructor: Hand-drawn postcards come from the heart. There's no such thing as good or bad. The only thing that matters is how much feeling you put into it. Just draw whatever comes to mind.
Hagumi: ... See! You'll be fine! Here, take this... Happiness, happy magical!
Sayo: Wh-what was that...?
Hagumi: Some magic words to make you draw better!
Sayo: Fufu... Thanks.
Ran: ...
Rimi: ... Whoa, Ran-chan, you're so good at this!
Ran: No, I'm really not. You know, I think you and I are drawing the same scene.
Rimi: Yeah, we are. The foliage we saw from the kayaks was so pretty, I decided to draw it. Even though we're drawing the same thing, yours is much better than mine, Ran-chan~...
Ran: C-cut it out. Your drawing focuses more on the reflection of the leaves on the water, right? I think that's a really unique way to draw it...
Rimi: ... It's not bad?
Ran: ... Would you stop it already?
Sayo: This is quite difficult... Minato-san, are you drawing a single leaf? That's a rather simple statement.
Yukina: Yes. I thought the very first leaf I picked up was very eye-catching. I suppose I have Kitazawa-san to thank for that.
Hagumi: Huh?! Really?! That makes me so happy~! Sayo-senpai, your picture of a fluttering leaf is good too~♪
Sayo: It certainly was memorable watching you all try to catch the leaves... That is why I chose to draw this.
Rimi: ... Everyone's pictures are so nice. Sis, everyone is decorating their postcards so sincerely. I hope I can send you mine soon.
Hagumi: Rimi-rin, are you filming this?
Rimi: Yeah. I want to show Sis all the fun I'm having with my friends.
Rimi: I wonder who they're making their postcards for. Who are you sending yours to, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: To everyone in Hello, Happy World! With the delicious flavors of fall!
Rimi: Hikawa-senpai, Yukina-senpai, how about you two?
Yukina: We're sending them to ourselves.
Rimi: Wow...! That's so cool...!
Sayo: Future World Fes is approaching, so we thought we'd write them to... our future selves.
Ran: To yourselves... Huh. Maybe I should've done that too.
Rimi: Who did you make yours for, Ran-chan?
Ran: I-it's a secret!
Rimi: Ran-chan's is a secret, apparently.
Ran: Rimi, don't say it like that... I'm not gonna tell you.
Rimi: Sorry, I wasn't trying to be sneaky or anything! But it's for someone important to you, right?
Ran: W-well, yeah... I guess you could say it's for my senpai in life.
Rimi: Everyone is making postcards for the precious people in their lives. I'm sure they'll be happy to receive them.
