event95-02 Chapter 1: The Hagumi Method

Rimi and Hagumi invites others to join them in looking at the fall leaves, when an unexpected person appears...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Forest Park]

Hagumi: Okay! Let's try to see all the fall leaves today!
Ran: Do we really need to try so hard...?
Rimi: Ahaha...
Ran: What are you two doing here today, Minato-san, Sayo-san?
Sayo: Well, I suppose you could call it a coincidence...
Hagumi: On the day Rimi-rin and I were planning this trip, all of Roselia came to my store!
Rimi: I see. Does Roselia also get croquettes after practice?
Sayo: N-no. Udagawa-san was sent there on an errand by her family, so we stopped by, that's all. Kitazawa-san invited us during that visit.
Yukina: I thought that looking at some beautiful scenery might be of use to me when songwriting. It is a shame that our other members could not come, but they had plans.
Ran: Oh. So that's why you came today.
Yukina: Mitake-san, I assume you were invited by Ushigome-san?
Ran: Yeah, that's right. I also thought that... it might be good for my flower arranging and songwriting.
Rimi: Everyone in Poppin'Party was busy and couldn't make it. So I thought that Ran-chan might be interested since she does flower arranging
Yukina: Let's make the best of our time here today.
Ran: Y-yeah...
Sayo: Shall we go straight to viewing the fall foliage then? It seems they also have a number of attractions on offer.
Hagumi: Wow~! They do too! Reed pipe and bamboo-copter workshops? They have kayaks too! They all look like so much fun~!
Yukina: Sayo, did you not make an itinerary for today?
Sayo: It was a last-minute invitation, and I thought our main priority was filming Ushigome-san's videos, so I'm afraid I did not...
Rimi: Ah...! I'm sorry for making you go out of your way to help me! Since we're here, is there anything else you would like to do?
Ran: I want to... Actually, anything is fine.
Yukina: What about you, Ushigome-san? You were going to film some videos for your sister, correct?
Rimi: Erm...
Ran: (Normally, Himari or Tomoe would help me out and speak for me, but they're not here... What should I do?)
Rimi: (Oh no~! I have so many things I'd like to do, and usually, Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan would put them into words for me, but I'm on my own this time...)
Sayo: (Perhaps it would have been better to do research and narrow down our plans. I must keep this in mind for next time. Minato-san and I are the eldest here, so we should have taken the initiative...)
Hagumi: I've got a good idea!
Rimi: Oh? What is it?
Hagumi: Let's all close our eyes right now and pick up one leaf!
Ran: We're starting with that?
Hagumi: Erm, so if there are more yellow leaves, we do the workshop! But if there're more red ones, we go kayaking!
Rimi: Fufu, that sounds like it could be fun. Let's try it.
Hagumi: Okay, everyone, close your eyes~. No peeking!
Ran: Huh, we're really gonna do it?
Hagumi: Come on! Ran-ran, close your eyes!
Ran: F-fine... Not like we have much planned anyway.
Yukina: So we should just pick up one? Alright...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Kitazawa-san, I have chosen.
Hagumi: Okay. Everyone, get ready to open your eyes~! Go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: I think we have three yellow and two red?
Hagumi: That means we do the workshop first!
Ran: Wait, isn't my leaf kind of red?
Yukina: It does appear to be... a gradient.
Rimi: It's hard to say... But it does look quite red.
Sayo: Shall we... measure the area of the red and yellow parts?
Ran: ...
Ran: S-sorry! Ahaha, I was kidding! This is yellow, no doubt about it. Look at the other side. See.
Rimi: You're right! The back is completely yellow.
Hagumi: Ran-ran, you gave me a fright there~!
Ran: Sorry. I just thought it was kind of funny that we were deciding things this way.
Yukina: Even so, your tone was quite serious. I was surprised, to say the least.
Rimi: Fufu...! But I think this method is really fun!
Hagumi: Really?! Ehehe, good thing I suggested it!
Rimi: Alright then, shall we head over to the reed-pipe workshop?
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's go~!
