event95-01 Opening: Let's Go See the Autumn Leaves!

Rimi wants to send a video letter overseas to her sister. A helping hand offers advice on where the best fall leaves are...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: "Hello, Sis. Is it night time over there? How are you?"
Rimi: "I am doing well. It's autumn in Japan right now."
Rimi: "It's gotten a little chilly recently, so I think I'll change my blankets soon."
Rimi: "Um, also..."
Rimi: Hmm...
Rimi: Perhaps... this is a bit too bland for a video message to Sis...
Rimi: I wonder what I could show her to remind her of Japan...
Rimi: It's fall, so... Ah! I know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Step right up~! Get your croquettes~! They're fresh and crispy♪
Hagumi: Yummy fresh croquettes~! Ah, Rimi-rin! Come on in!
Rimi: ... Ah! I must have been daydreaming and ended up at your place, Hagumi-chan. Maybe it was this nice smell that led me here.
Hagumi: You're usually more cheerful and smiley when you come to buy croquettes, but you look different today! Did something happen? What's wrong?
Rimi: Nothing's really wrong, I'm just at a loss I guess.
Hagumi: What, why? Talk to me! I can help!
Rimi: My sister is studying overseas, and I wanted to show her some fall foliage...
Rimi: I was going to take some videos to send to her, but surprisingly, there aren't any trees like that around here.
Hagumi: You mean like autumn leaves? The trees in the park near here are all red, y'know!
Rimi: Yes, I went and took some pictures of them earlier. But I would still like to show her some real fall foliage.
Hagumi: Oh. Yeah, I guess not all red leaves are autumn leaves.
Hagumi: Let me think~... Ah! I think there was a lot at Forest Park! I went there when I was little.
Rimi: Really? Do you remember where it is?
Hagumi: Um, I remember we went by train... Hold on a second, I'll go ask Dad!
Hagumi: Watch the store for me~!
Rimi: What?! Ah, Hagumi-chan~?!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Rimi-rin, I'm back! Did any customers come?
Rimi: N-no. It was fine. Did you find out where that park is?
Hagumi: Ah, yeah! That's right! Okay, apparently, it's about thirty minutes away by train!
Hagumi: I was little when we went, so it felt way farther, but it's actually closer than I thought.
Rimi: I see! Maybe I'll go there next weekend. Thanks, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Rimi-rin, I wanna go looking for leaves too!
Rimi: Really?! I sure would feel better having you there~! Please, come with me.
Hagumi: Woohoo! Y'know, I'm really good at catching leaves when they fall!
Rimi: Fufu, that's a very Hagumi-chan thing to do.
Hagumi: It's my way of appreciating the autumn leaves!
Rimi: Oh...?! I-I'm not sure if that counts as appreciation...
Hagumi: Rimi-rin, since we're going so far, why don't we invite some other people too?
Rimi: Yeah, let's do that♪ I'll ask around.
Hagumi: Okay! I will too!
Hagumi: I've gotta get back to the store now. Dad got a little mad at me for leaving it before... Ehehe.
Rimi: Thanks for asking him for me, Hagumi-chan. I should get going too.
Hagumi: Okay, bye-bye~!
Hagumi: Okay! Back to work~!
Hagumi: Kitazawa Meats~♪ We've got yummy croquettes~! They're nice and crispy~!
Hagumi: Ah! Perfect timing! Come on in! Everything is fresh~!
