event95-07 Ending: Steeped In Color

Laughter ensues on the way home from an eventful day. How did the video letter turn out...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Walking Home]

Sayo: Kitazawa-san, Ushigome-san. Thank you for inviting us today.
Yukina: It was a very nice change of pace. All these new experiences have my creative juices flowing. How was it for you, Mitake-san?
Ran: W-well, for me... it wasn't bad.
Hagumi: I'm glad I invited you both when you came to the store~! And I'm glad you were there too, Ran-ran!
Rimi: Thank you all for helping me out, I really appreciate it. I had so much fun.
Sayo: Do you have enough footage to send your sister a good video?
Rimi: Yes! I was watching them back on the train, and it's so interesting to see how different they are depending on who took them♪
Rimi: I think Sis will be really happy with it!
Hagumi: Yay! Then our trip to see the leaves was a success!
Ran: I think there was a little more to it than just seeing leaves.
Rimi: Hagumi-chan, you really took charge and pulled us all together. It was my first time going there, but I had so much fun. Thank you.
Sayo: Now that you mention it, Kitazawa-san's energy and lack of fear is really something we should learn from.
Yukina: Yes, I agree.
Ran: You two are so stiff... I know it was our first time hanging out in this group, but you could've just said, "I had a good time."
Sayo: I couldn't find the appropriate words...
Hagumi: Ehehe♪ You're making me blush~! But guys, I'm the happiest one here today, because I got to spend all day smiling with you all!
Rimi: Thanks for getting me the videos you all took so quickly. I'll send everyone the ones I took too.
Ran: Okay, great.
Hagumi: I wanna hang out with you all again sometime~!
Sayo: Yes, we should do that. Anyhow, I must go now. See you.
Rimi: Okay, see you next time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Hi, Sis. Today, I went to see some fall foliage with my friends.
Rimi: I went with Hagumi-chan, Ran-chan, Yukina-senpai, and Hikawa-senpai! It was sort of an odd group.
Rimi: But it was a really good day~!
Rimi: Everyone took videos, so I'll show you them later.
Rimi: Today was my first time hanging out with Hikawa-senpai and Yukina-senpai, but they were so kind and did everything I wanted to do.
Rimi: Ah, and one more thing! The candied sweet potatoes at the food stalls were so delicious... Heh. You'll see them afterward in the videos. Ehehe.
Rimi: Sis, I have so many wonderful friends and senpai around me.
Rimi: Everyone in Poppin'Party is amazing of course, but the girls from other bands are really nice too, and they motivate me to be even better.
Rimi: I hope I can keep being inspired by not just you and Poppin'Party but also these other people. That way, I'll be able to write even better songs.
Rimi: ...
Rimi: It does feel a little lonely without you here, but I'll send you lots of videos, so I hope you'll watch them and feel like you're back home.
Rimi: Anyway, this is what today's trip looked like. Enjoy...
(White cut)
