event95-05 Chapter 4: All the Flavors of Fall

A quick break is followed by some lunch at a nearby food stand. Each person gives their own impressions of fall.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[Forest Park]

Hagumi: Ahh~, that was fun~.
Rimi: Yeah! It was my first time, but I'm glad I managed to paddle the kayak properly.
Yukina: Yes. I am glad I got to see such a refreshing and beautiful sight.
Ran: We still have enough time left to take a little walk around the park. What should we do?
Sayo: Shall we take a look at what other attractions there are?
Rimi: U-um!
Hagumi: Rimi-rin, did you have something you wanted to do? Tell us!
Rimi: Um... If it's okay with everyone, I'd like to go to the food stands over there...
Ran: Oh... They have food stands too?
Yukina: I am a little tired from kayaking. It might be nice to sit down and eat something.
Sayo: Yes. Let's do that.
Rimi: Great! Let's go!
Ran: Ahaha, your energy came back fast, Rimi.
(Black cut)
Sayo: The Fall Flavor Festival... Everything looks delicious.
Yukina: Something smells delightful. Baked sweet potato, perhaps?
Rimi: I'm going to go and order!
Hagumi: Me too! Ahh~! What should I get~?
Ran: Ah, there they go. I suppose we should go too then. We'll meet back here after we've bought food.
Yukina: Understood.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: I'm back~! Ran-ran, Minato-san, Sayo-senpai! Thanks for getting a table for us!
Rimi: Sorry, there were so many things I wanted to try...
Ran: It's fine. What'd you two get?
Hagumi: I got a sweet-potato croquette! We make them at our store too, but I wanted to compare them!
Sayo: I see. So you're researching the competition. That's good thinking, Kitazawa-san.
Ran: Is that a candied sweet potato, Rimi?
Rimi: Yes! That's right~. I felt like something sweet. Ran-chan did you get... Matsutake mushrooms?!
Ran: Yeah, on a skewer. Don't you think it's kind of fun ordering the fancier options like this?
Rimi: It smells nice~! I guess it is sort of exciting to order those.
Hagumi: Hey, can I eat now? I can't ignore this smell any longer~!
Rimi: Yeah, sure! Let's eat.
Ran: Finally... This is good! Better than I thought it would be. I'm glad I splurged on this.
Hagumi: This croquette is yummy too~! It'd also make a great snack since it's sweet~!
Rimi: This candied sweet potato is great~. I love how it's crispy on the outside but soft on the inside...!
Yukina: Do you have any other comments?
Rimi: Erm, well... Yukina-senpai~! D-don't film me while I'm eating, it's embarrassing~!
Ran: Minato-san, that was a bit unexpected. You sounded so indifferent with your question too...
Yukina: You're sending videos to your sister, right? I'm just helping out.
Ran: Hey! Don't say that while pointing the camera at me! If you're gonna film, focus on Rimi!
Hagumi: No, let's all be on camera! Yay! This croquette is yummy~!
Rimi: S-Sis, I'm eating candied sweet potatoes. They don't have them over there, right? Let's have some when you come back.
Ran: ... T-tastes pretty good.
Sayo: I'm sure your sister will be happy with this.
Yukina: Yes, I think so too.
Rimi: Yukina-senpai, Hikawa-senpai, what did you buy?
Sayo: I chose candied grapes. I've seen candied apples before, but I think grapes are fairly rare.
Yukina: I...
Yukina: I bought yakisoba.
Hagumi: Ahh~! That looks yummy!
Rimi: You got... yakisoba...?
Ran: That's not a fall flavor at all...
