5_Tae Hanazono_R1 Natural Beauty

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

Tae: Hello, my name is Tae Hanazono. I'm the lead guitarist for Poppin'Party.
Tae: Everyone calls me O-Tae.
Tae: It's a nickname Kasumi made for me. Isn't it great? O-Tae.
Tae: I started guitar pretty long ago, and I played by myself for a while...
Tae: But Kasumi asked me to be part of a band, and we all decided to make Poppin'Party.
Tae: Performing as a band is pretty hard. If we're not all listening to each other, the songs don't turn out very well.
Tae: Also, our shielded cables tend to get tangled. Y'know, the cords?
Tae: To wrap the cables, you should go underhand, then overhand. The over-under method. I'm pretty good at it.
Tae: Being a part of Poppin'Party is really fun. We rehearse, write songs, eat together, and sometimes even have sleepovers.
Tae: If you come to our concert, I think you'll really enjoy it.
Tae: Hope to see you there. Poppin'Party is looking forward to all of your cheering and support.


<Sing For Supper>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

Tae: Come on, eat up. Ah, you've had enough. Let your friend have some.
Tae: Good birdies.
Tae: ...? Did someone just say my name?
Tae: Oh, {{userName}}-san.
Tae: What a nice surprise. Are you here to feed the birds too, {{userName}}-san?
Tae: ... I was just feeding them myself. This is one of the places where it's allowed.
Tae: Would you like some too, {{userName}}-san? No? ... Oh, okay.
Tae: You were staring, so I thought you might be hungry.
Tae: Watching these birds eat so happily is starting to make me a little bit hungry.
Tae: Hm? Do I like birds? I guess so, but I like cows more because of sukiyaki.
Tae: ...? You don't like sukiyaki? That's too bad.
Tae: I actually wasn't just sitting here feeding them. I was thinking up lyrics for our new song too.
Tae: Usually I do it while I'm in the bath, but that didn't work this time, so I decided to try something different.
Tae: We don't always get to play live, after all, so I thought I'd try and write a new song.
Tae: I hope I can find some ideas out here... Oh... your hair is sticking up.
Tae: You've got a bit of bed hair on the top of your head. You look like rockhopper penguin.
Tae: Yep, it's sticking right up.
Tae: Up... Hmm, maybe if I up the tempo in the intro...
Tae: Huh? I'm just thinking about our new song. I knew mixing things up would be a good idea.
Tae: Thanks for giving me a good idea.
Tae: We're going to put on a really good show next time. I hope you're looking forward to it.
Tae: ... Phew. I'm definitely hungry now.
