6_Tae Hanazono_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

Tae: So, these are our costumes...
Rimi: Wow! They're really cute!
Tae: Yeah. Like witchcraft-level cute.
Tae: With these matching costumes, we'll look like an actual band!
Rimi: Yeah! We really will.
Tae: With these outfits...
Rimi: We can all get into the spirit.
Tae: We'll be up on stage, matching...
Tae: … Yep, and everyone looks so good.
Tae: Kasumi looks even better than usual... and she's playing with so much enthusiasm.
Rimi: You can see all of that?! Though I can imagine Kasumi full of energy too!
Tae: Arisa... She looks sad on the outside...
Tae: But deep down she's glad that our look is in sync.
Rimi: The outfit also suits Arisa-chan really well♪
Tae: And Saya... The costume helps her keep the rhythm going. She looks so happy.
Rimi: I am too! Just the thought of everyone matching...
Tae: Yeah, it's pretty cool.
Rimi: What about you? Do you see yourself?
Tae: Hmm... I don't know if I would look good in this.
Rimi: You definitely would!
Tae: You think so?
Rimi: Yeah! I think it would bring out how cute you are♪
Tae: Really...?
Tae: ... I guess I'll try it on then.
Rimi: What?!
Tae: I'm gonna try it on.
Rimi: Now?!
Tae: Yeah... You think I shouldn't?
Rimi: It's not that, it's just... what if someone sees you wearing it?
Tae: Just keep a look out. Thanks.
Rimi: Huh? Wait, wait! I'll go check the hallway!
Tae: Okay, I'm gonna start changing.
Rimi: ... Okay, all clear. I'll let you know if someone is coming, don't worry.
Tae: Thanks, but... I'm already done.
Rimi: That fast?!
Tae: Well, what do you think?
Rimi: S-so cute. You look so cute, O-Tae-chan!
Tae: Really?
Rimi: Yeah!
Tae: ... Thank you.
Rimi: So these are really the costumes we'll be wearing as a group!
Tae: As a group... Oh yeah!
Rimi: W-what happened? Is there something else you have to make?
Tae: Yeah, I almost forgot.
Tae: ... Let me try this out.
Rimi: Aww, what a cute scrunchie! Will you be wearing that?
Tae: No, this one is for my rabbits.
Rimi: A rabbit scrunchie?
Tae: I want to make them matching outfits like ours.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, you're really excited about this!
Tae: The way I feel now, you might say I'm second to none.


<Budding Love>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

Tae: Okay, I think that just about does it for my tuning. Time for practice.
Tae: Oh, {{userName}}-san. What's going on?
Tae: ... Is that for me? Because I'm always working so hard? Thank you.
Tae: Ooh, blue cough drops. It says they're good for the throat. Fufu, you're like one of those managers who's always one step ahead, {{userName}}-san.
Tae: I like blue, so this makes me happy. Yep, that's why my guitar is blue too.
Tae: Lots of pretty things are blue, aren't they? Like the sky, or the sea.
Tae: Ah, but if this was the blue of the sea, this star decoration would be a starfish.
Tae: Huh? Why are you laughing? You're weird. That's why you're interesting.
Tae: That reminds me, did I ever tell you why I started playing the guitar, {{userName}}-san?
Tae: When I was an elementary school student, I was at piano school and I heard the sound of a guitar from somewhere. It sounded amazing... It was like lightning going through me.
Tae: Ever since then I've been in love with the guitar.
Tae: When I was in junior high school, I used to go to the music shop all the time. I had so much fun just staring at the guitars.
Tae: You might not believe me when I say this, but this guitar spoke to me when I saw it!
Tae: Play me! It'll be fun! it said.
Tae: I just couldn't ignore it, so I saved up my birthday money every year and bought it. Wasn't I adorable?
Tae: I always played my guitar on my own ever since I bought it, so I never even imagined I would end up in a band with Kasumi and the others.
Tae: If I didn't play the guitar, we might not have even become friends. I guess I really owe my guitar.
Tae: One day I'd like to play this guitar at a really big concert. It would probably feel amazing.
Tae: When the day comes, you'll be there to watch me, won't you?
