7_Tae Hanazono_R3 Our Song

Gacha phrase: Sharing moments like this is what's really important.

<Shining Star>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

Tae: Hm... Ah! Saya.
Saya: Oh, Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.
Tae: Yeah.
Kasumi: What, what? What about Twinkle Twinkle Little Star?
Tae: I was playing it without realizing. What a weird feeling.
Saya: Ahh, yeah. I kinda get it.
Tae: I just end up playing it the moment my hands are free.
Tae: Probably because it's a song we're so familiar with.
Kasumi: Now that you mention it, yeah! Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is the first song I ever played!
Saya: There was a time when it was the only one you played.
Kasumi: Every moment I wasn't in class, I was practicing it!
Tae: Actually, I did hear you playing. Even before we ever spoke a word to each other.
Kasumi: Wait, really?!
Tae: Yeah, I thought you were a weirdo.
Kasumi: What?!
Tae: Anyone who likes Random Star is clearly a weirdo.
Kasumi: It's not that weird!
Tae: I know. It's just a little weird.
Kasumi: It's not weird at all!
Saya: It was quite enjoyable to hear Kasumi play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. She got better bit by bit.
Tae: It seems that song has become a memory we share, even though we played it at different times.
Saya: Yeah, it feels like an important piece of us all.
Saya: I've asked you this before, Kasumi, but you performed Twinkle Twinkle Little Star on the SPACE stage before, right?
Tae: That's right. In collaboration with Glitter*Green.
Kasumi: What an awesome moment! I was so into it when I was singing!
Tae: I was really surprised to see you up there.
Tae: But it was because of that moment I was properly able to hear you sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star for the first time.
Kasumi: I ended up getting Arisa and Rimi-rin into it too~♪ Though Arisa was mad at me afterwards.
Tae: It looked like a pretty good time. You guys were glowing.
Saya: Either way, it seems you're able to enjoy yourself during your performances. You even pull the crowd into the fun.
Kasumi: That's because it is fun♪
Tae: Having heard Twinkle Twinkle Little Star at the concert really helped out before, too.
Saya: When was that?
Tae: At the festival. Everyone was feeling down, and it lifted them right back up.
Tae: Twinkle Twinkle Little Star helped to bring them all together.
Saya: Yeah, and the festival went on worry-free.
Kasumi: Yay for twinkly little stars~!
Tae: It's really an amazing song.
Tae: At this point we can say...
Tae: Twinkle Twinkle Little Star is a song filled with great memories, and we should cherish it.
Saya: Hmm... What do you guys think about performing it at our next concert?
Kasumi: Live?! That'd be totally awesome!!
Tae: I agree. However, we can't just play Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. We should try an arrangement of it.
Kasumi: You want us to remake Twinkle Twinkle Little Star?
Tae: I want us to create the best possible Twinkle Twinkle Little Star that we can.
Saya: That could be a good idea. We can make a version with some Poppin'Party flavor.
Kasumi: One like never before!!
Tae: So, it's settled then?
Kasumi & Saya: Yeah!


<Twinkle Twinkle Little Star>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

Tae: {{userName}}-san, do you have a minute?
Tae: ... I want to talk to you about something.
Tae: It's really important, so I don't want anyone else to hear us.
Tae: No one else is here...?
Tae: Good.
Tae: ... Okay, so here it is.
Tae: We're going to play Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star at our next show.
Tae: But it's going to be an arranged version.
Tae: A Poppin' Party arrangement.
Tae: I think we did a good job on it, but I want to get someone else's opinion.
Tae: So I thought I'd ask you to listen to it.
Tae: You like music, so I figured you might be the right person...
Tae: Do you mind?
Tae: ... Great, thanks. Just tell me what you honestly think.
Tae: Okay... Are you ready?
Tae: 
Tae: ... So, what did you think?
Tae: This is the first time we've arranged it like this...
Tae: Everyone worked really hard to come up with it.
Tae: Did it come out okay?
Tae: How did it sound to you?
Tae: ... It sounded good?
Tae: I think I feel a little relieved now. Thanks.
Tae: ... Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star is a really important song to us.
Tae: Thanks to this song, we've all grown a lot closer to each other.
Tae: This song is what made us work so hard for the downtown festival too.
Tae: Not just me, it's connected to a lot of memories for all of us...
Tae: Kasumi, Arisa, Rimi, Saya...
Tae: We all became good friends because of this song.
Tae: And on top of that, we're all getting better at our instruments... Slowly, but surely.
Tae: In the beginning, Kasumi had a long way to go...
Tae: But it's different now. She's been practicing a lot, and she's way better than she used to be.
Tae: I think all of us are.
Tae: We've improved a lot since we first met.
Tae: Fufu, sorry for gushing like this.
Tae: I just wanted you to know how happy I am right now.
Tae: ... Yep. I knew it was a good idea to talk to you.
Tae: ... Oh.
Tae: There's one more thing.
Tae: Kind of a question more than anything else... I guess.
Tae: Umm...
Tae: The arrangement of Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star we did.
Tae: I'm still not sure what to do about the name.
Tae: I've got two ideas, but they're both good in their own ways, so I'd like to get your opinion too.
Tae: Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star - Twinkling Twinkle version and "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star - Super version."
Tae: We can't change the actual title of the song, so I tried playing with the version name instead.
Tae: The key part for the first one is that the twinkle is twinkling.
Tae: I think it shows the star is shining even more than it usually does.
Tae: The second one says it's super, so it's easy to tell it's even better now.
Tae: I can't decide between the two.
Tae: {{userName}}-san, could you give me your honest opinion?
Tae: Which do you think is better? "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star - Twinkling Twinkle version" or "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star - Super version"?
