339_Tae Hanazono_R2 Poppin' Colors!

<Look-Alike Rabbits>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: For our new costumes, I think a design that gets people fired up would be best, don't you think?
Tae: A design that gets you fired up, huh...? How about full-body, red leotards?
Saya: N-no... I mean, that might work if we were bull-fighting...
Tae: But doesn't that seem like it'd do the trick?
Saya: Well sure, but... Ah, did you come up with any designs for our new outfits?
Tae: Me? Of course I did. I even did some sketches.
Saya: Really?! Lemme see!
Tae: Okay, hang on one second...
Saya: A design from O-Tae~. How exciting!
Tae: Hmhmm~♪I think it turned out really well.
Saya: Whoa, you sure sound confident!
Tae: Well, I kept thinking about this design, even when I went to sleep... Ah, here it is.
Saya: Wow, really? It must be pretty good then. Let's see...
Saya: ...
Tae: What do you think?
Saya: O-O-Tae... It's all rabbits... Everything from the socks to the accessories is rabbits...
Tae: I know, it's like we're drowning in them. That's sure to make everyone happy~♪
Saya: Rabbits are cute, but... drowning in them seems like it would be kinda itchy and uncomfortable...
Tae: But when you think of Poppin'Party, rabbits are the first thing that comes to mind.
Saya: R-really?! I've always imagined stars and things like that...
Tae: I even chose different rabbit breeds to go along with everyone's personality when I designed these outfits.
Saya: Rabbits based on our personalities? What do you mean?
Tae: I mean, Arisa's like a lop-eared rabbit, right? And Rimi is a dwarf rabbit... And for you... I think a Belgian Hare might work.
Saya: ... S-sorry, I don't follow...
Tae: The problem is with Kasumi... For everyone else, something came to mind immediately, but...
Tae: I can't think of a breed that fits her perfectly.
Saya: That's O-Tae for you. Picky about the strangest things...
Tae: Saya, can you think of any rabbits that resemble Kasumi?
Saya: R-rabbits that resemble Kasumi?
Tae: I think personality wise, she's very similar to an American Fuzzy Lop. What do you think?
Saya: I'm not sure why you're asking me... I mean, I don't really know the difference...
Tae: Oh, but if we think about the ears, then we might have to go with the Netherland Dwarf... The way they stick out just a little is the perfect image.
Tae: Ah, but what about an Angora? Hm... But Fuzzy Lops are more... Wait, no. I had it right...
Saya: O-Tae? O-Tae~! Nope... Looks like I've lost her...
Saya: But she seems to be having fun, so I guess it's fine...
Tae: I'm sure it's a lot of fun for everyone to wear an outfit with the same design.


<The Materials Are Papier-Mache?>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Shopping Mall]

Tae: Ah, {{userName}}-san, hello.
Marina: Tae-chan! I'm here too~!
Tae: Hello to you too, Marina-san. I didn't see you there.
Tae: ... Uhm, I'm trying to find an accessory for my guitar case.
Tae: We just finished making our new concert outfits, so...
Tae: I wanted to get an accessory for my guitar case that matches our new colorful, cutesy image.
Marina: Really? Do you have any pictures on you? I'd love to see you in your new outfit!
Tae: Hm... I'm pretty sure I have a picture on my cellphone...
Tae: Ah, Here it is. Take a look.
Marina: Wah~! You look so cute in this photo! Don't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Tae: Thank you~!
Marina: But I don't think you'll find anything to match those costumes in a store...
Marina: It's a pretty unique color scheme after all... Now, if you had some homemade accessories, that'd be an entirely different story...
Tae: Ah, I know. If there aren't any yet, we just have to make them ourselves!
Tae: Like how Arisa and Rimi were able to make the hair accessories for the outfits. I'm sure I could do the same.
Tae: Uhm... Where was the craft store again? I need to buy some paper clay and paint.
Marina: You plan on making something with clay and paint? Wow, it sounds like something you'd make in art class... S-seems like fun, I suppose...
Tae: I'm sure I can make something cute. I'm pretty good at this kind of thing, after all.
Tae: Once it's finished, I'll be sure to show you and {{userName}}-san. Hope you're excited to see it!
