490_Tae Hanazono_R4 Seeing Rabbits

Gacha phrase: Doesn't the letter "R" upside down look like a rabbit?

<A Unique Way of Having Fun>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

[After School]

Tae: Hey, Arisa. Have you ever heard this song?
Arisa: Hm? What on earth is that? A song lyric search engine?
Tae: Mhm. I'm looking for a song for the next time we go to karaoke.
Arisa: Huh. You're being very diligent about this. I mean, you don't really sing that much when you go, right?
Arisa: In the end, you pretty much just set up the machine for us and spent most of the time making trips to the drink bar, same as last time...
Arisa: So, why the sudden interest in practicing songs?
Tae: Yeah. I was planning on having someone else sing it.
Arisa: So this is not for you to sing... That's a unique way of having fun, to say the least.
Tae: Really? Don't you think karaoke can be fun, even if you don't sing anything yourself?
Tae: You never sing as much as Kasumi and the others either, but you still have a good time. Am I wrong?
Arisa: I-I guess not, but...
Arisa: Everyone gets really into it, and the whole room is suddenly just filled with excitement.
Tae: Yes, that's part of it, but just listening to tracks is enough for me.
Arisa: What do you mean?
Tae: Unique guitar arrangements and whatnot. There's no limit to what there is to discover.
Arisa: I must admit that does suit you.
Tae: And you can also get an idea for everybody's vocal range. Having that kind of knowledge can be useful when composing new tracks.
Arisa: So that's what was running through your head when you were prowling the drink bar...
Tae: Pretty sure Rimi thinks about the same things.
Arisa: Haha, this group really is just a flock of music addicts.
Tae: Aren't you included in that flock, Arisa?
Arisa: Y-yeah, but... Well, maybe...
Tae: Next time we go, why don't you listen for some keyboard sounds? You'd be surprised at what you can find.
Arisa: When you put it that way, I do get an itch to try it for myself...
Tae: Right? If you truly like music, I can't recommend it enough.
Arisa: Funny to think that karaoke can be approached in such a way...
Tae: And that's the beauty of it. There's no one single way to enjoy anything.
Tae: Being like Kasumi and just losing yourself in the thrill of it all is also one way.
Arisa: Doesn't she go a bit overboard, though? She smacks that tambourine hard enough to shake the whole room.
Tae: Until now, I never really understood what could be fun about karaoke.
Arisa: Huh?
Tae: "If you're going to sing, why not do it while playing guitar?" That's what I thought. But after having gone with everyone, I realized there are other ways to enjoy yourself.
Tae: It's so obvious. What's important is that we're all there together, right? Just having everyone in one place is enough to have a good time.
Arisa: Wh-why are you springing this on me...?
Tae: ... Wait. That might not be right. I'm just a beginner to karaoke, so I can't say for sure.
Arisa: Come on, you know I'm no expert... I'm new to it, myself...
Arisa: But wow, all sorts of things were going on in your head the other day. And here I thought you just wanted to stuff your face.
Tae: I did more than that. I played the maracas.
Arisa: Yeah, I know! I was kind of there!
Arisa: Say, O-Tae... Wh-what other things were you wondering about?
Arisa: You've... got me a bit interested in your ideas of a good time...
Tae: Other ideas, you mean? Well, let's see~... Ah!
Arisa: What, what? Come on, tell me!
Tae: Creative combinations for the drink bar. I wonder what I should mix next time.
Arisa: Ah... Ahaha... Again with the drink bar...
Tae: Can't go wrong with the classic: sherbet and soda! You guys should try it. You all won't know what hit you!
Arisa: This... is not exactly what I was hoping to hear...
Tae: Oh! You'll never guess what I tried last time! Tea with soda! And then~...


<O-Tae's Tastes>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Tae: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hey!
Marina: Tae-chan! Hello there. Taking a break from rehearsals?
Tae: Yes. I was on my way to buy a drink when I saw you and thought it would be nice to catch up.
Marina: Sure! Just finished a bit of work, so we're free right now. Say, isn't that a new phone case?
Tae: Thank you for noticing! I bought it when my bandmates and I went to the shopping mall the other day.
Marina: Fufu, you all sure are inseparable~. Going shopping as a group sounds like a great time!
Tae: We also saw a movie together and spent a couple of hours at the karaoke parlor. Our theme for the day was doing what we couldn't get done during summer vacation.
Marina: Wow~. Shopping, movies, and karaoke, all in one day... Doing all three of those things at once is definitely a recipe for excitement!
Tae: It was quite late by the time we finished... An entire day can be spent at the mall, and you still won't run out of things to do there.
Marina: It's because there are many stores all packed into one location! You can't see everything in one trip!
Marina: All this talk of karaoke~... I can't remember the last time I went. Maybe I should stop by when I have a bit of free time.
Tae: ... Oh! If you do happen to go to the parlor in the shopping mall, there is something I would like for you to check for me, please.
Marina: I can try... And what might that be?
Tae: The microphone was giving off an awful lot of audio feedback when we were singing.
Marina: Ugh, I really hate that "kiiin" noise... It's just the worst...
Marina: Are you sure you weren't holding it by the grille? If the volume gets too high, that can cause it as well.
Tae: I'm fairly certain that we made sure not to do either of those things, but the feedback was still there, even when we were singing softly.
Marina: Strange. My best guess would be that the speakers were placed in a bad spot.
Marina: Another possibility could be the shape of the room interior. If the audio from the speakers is picked up by the microphone, it can cause feedback.
Tae: I tried everything I could think of, but nothing seemed to work...
Marina: I see... So, there's a chance that it was being caused by something else...  Alright! Why don't we just go together next time?
Tae: Together? With me, you mean?
Marina: Of course! Not only can you show me which room it was, but if I'm going to be there already, I thought it'd be nice to maybe get in some songs together! Would you be up for that?
Tae: Yes, I'd love to! Would it be okay if I invited the other members of Poppin'Party, as well?
Marina: By all means! Enjoying some karaoke with the whole band... Fufu, sounds like it'll be a lot of fun!
Tae: I'll go ahead and contact the others to let them know then! Thank you very much!
