609_Tae Hanazono_R4 You, Beyond the Glass

Gacha phrase: I said Happy White Day.

<Happy White Day!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[White Day - After School]

[School Path]

Kasumi: No more classes for today! Now it's time for the main event! What do you guys want to do, huh? Huh~?
Arisa: Calm down. Aren't we going to decide that together?
Tae: Not exactly, Arisa. Today is White Day, so we'll be having ourselves a white day.
Rimi: Didn't you say that a "white day" is when you have nothing planned, so your schedule is white? Fufu, that's so funny.
Saya: In other words, we wing it and just have fun together! ... Or something like that, right? Even though that's what we typically do.
Tae: Actually, there's a good reason to spend White Day doing what we normally do. I think.
Arisa: You're totally making this up as you go along... Then again, that's also pretty typical in a way. So, what should we do?
Rimi: Hmmm. Is there anything you'd like to do, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: Karaoke for me! I learned a new song recently~! How about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Well... there's a movie that came out recently that I'd like to see... and the food court has a new dessert that looks tasty. And you, Saya-chan?
Saya: Me? Uhhh... Nothing really comes to mind, but... if we do go to the shopping mall, I'd like to maybe look around the knick-knack shop.
Kasumi: And after that, we can all stop by the photo booths!
Arisa: Hold it, hold it! This sounds an awful lot like what we did the other day! Besides, we don't have enough time to do all that after school.
Kasumi: Ah... I guess you're right. But they all seem like so much fun~...
Tae: Then why don't we go all out and take the photos while eating dessert and singing karaoke while watching a movie?
Arisa: I don't even know what to call a mess like that...
Tae: Sure, but it'd be exciting.
Kasumi: Hahaha! Anything we do will be fun, so long as we're together! Don't you agree, Arisa?
Arisa: That's, uh... I mean, I wouldn't be there if we weren't having fun... Hang on, what're you trying to get me to say?!
Saya: Hey, it's not like we're in a rush to decide. Today is a "white day," isn't it?
Rimi: Playing things by ear sounds interesting in and of itself.
Arisa: We're just going by O-Tae's definition of White Day, huh...? When she explained it to me the other day, I had no idea what she was talking about...
Tae: Really? But everyone gets it now.
Kasumi: If today is a blank, white day, then we can spice it up with colors of our own!
Tae: Yeah, and with all of us being unique, that blend of colors would be pretty interesting.
Arisa: O-Tae, you're the most "unique" one here... Look, we're never going to make up our minds at this rate.
Arisa: Since you're the one who brought up this whole thing, shouldn't you have some ideas to contribute?
Tae: The one who brought it up... Oh, you mean me.
Tae: Okay, let's go to the instrument shop.
Arisa: Huh?! That was quick... You should've told us that you already had something in mind.
Tae: It's not like that. I remembered that I ran out of guitar strings is all.
Rimi: You just got your guitar back after sending it in for maintenance, right?
Tae: Yeah, I had them go over it very carefully, and now it handles much more comfortably than before.
Tae: It sounds better, too. I wanted to test it out for a few minutes, but before I realized it, several hours had gone by.
Kasumi: I know all about that! If I have a test coming up, I'll tell myself to only practice for an hour, but then it'll be night by the time I stop...
Arisa: Uh, that's what we call using your guitar as a way to get out of studying.
Kasumi: Ngh... Nuh-uh...
Saya: Losing track of time because of how fun practicing can be is something I know all about too.
Saya: I normally can't practice my drums at home, but even if I go to the studio, it almost feels like I have to leave right after I arrive.
Saya: O-Tae just got her precious guitar back, so it's natural that she'd want to practice as much as possible.
Tae: Exactly. Having it back home made me so happy... Then, I couldn't stop playing and ended up breaking a string, only to find that I had completely run out of replacements.
Saya: Well, we might as well head to the music store, then. We can decide where to go from there while we shop.
Tae: Thanks.
Rimi: Your guitar came back just the other day, right? For one of your strings to snap in such a short amount of time says a lot about your dedication.
Arisa: Don't they normally replace the strings with new ones when you send the guitar in for maintenance?
Tae: That's right. The strings have to be removed because they do things like check the wiring on the pickup and do a full instrument cleaning.
Saya: Having a fresh string snap that quickly... You must have been really happy to have your guitar back.
Tae: My guitar is one thing I could not live without.
Tae: Strumming it helps me relax, especially when it's a Poppin'Party song because I'm reminded of all of you.
Tae: The sound of my own instrument is all there should be when practicing alone... but I swear that I can hear you all playing right alongside me.
Tae: I get swept up in the excitement, moving from song to song as I'm constantly thinking about the next piece I want to play.
Tae: And despite practicing for hours on end, it was the string that threw in the towel first.
Kasumi: Please don't, O-Tae... If you keep going on like that, you'll make the rest of us want to practice, too!
Kasumi: Ohhh, I can't take it anymore! After we stop by the music shop and pick up those strings, it's straight to the basement with us for some practice!
Arisa: Huh?! Wasn't this supposed to be a day where we wander around without a plan?
Kasumi: After listening to what O-Tae said, my fingers are just itching to play... I can't wait even a second longer!
Rimi: Me neither! And I want to hear how O-Tae-chan's guitar sounds now that it's back from the shop.
Arisa: Then we're on track for an afternoon of the same old routine. What happened to having a white day?
Saya: That's also typical of us, so I think it's fine. We'll be having fun either way.
Arisa: Well, I guess you have a point there.
Kasumi: Alright! First stop, the music shop! Let's go, everyone!
Tae, Rimi & Saya: Let's go~!
Arisa: ... Jeez, as if I have a choice~!


<Uneventful Days>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Riverside]

Marina: Ah, Tae-chan. On your way to rehearsal?
Tae: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. I'm heading to Arisa's house. Poppin'Party is going to have a run-through of some of our songs.
Marina: That sounds nice. I take it your guitar is back from maintenance then. How is it?
Tae: It sounds amazing now. It turns out you were right about the frets having been worn out.
Tae: Everything went back to normal after I had them fixed. I'm so glad that I spoke to you about it.
Marina: Glad I could be of assistance. So, what did you do while your main guitar was in the shop?
Tae: I used my secondary for the time being, but I honestly didn't feel like practicing much once my main one was gone...
Marina: It's not so much that you dislike other guitars but that your main one is your best buddy. Yeah, I can get behind that.
Tae: My day off left me with too much free time, so I just went with the flow, no plan in mind.
Tae: Having nothing to do was pretty boring... I took a walk around town with my head up in the clouds.
Tae: That's when I bumped into Chisato-senpai, and we ended up going shopping together.
Marina: Huh, now there's a pair you don't see often.
Tae: Chisato-senpai fits the older-student role very well. She took me to places that I never would have visited by myself.
Tae: What really impressed me was... how easily she took charge while also keeping me at the front of her mind.
Tae: Tsugumi and Kokoro joined me and Ako along the way. Then, we went shopping, played games at the arcade... and even stopped by an amusement park.
Marina: Wow! That sure is a lot of places to go to.
Tae: It was a very eventful day, thanks to them.
Tae: If I had been left on my own, it would have been just another blank, white date on the calendar.
Tae: Instead, Chisato-senpai and the others each added something special and helped to make it an exciting, colorful day.
Tae: You two might enjoy having an entire day without planning anything ahead of time too, you know.
Marina: A day with nothing planned... You're right, that does sound like it could be a nice experience.
Tae: That's when the unexpected happens. You might have some surprise encounters. You could discover new things. You never know what'll happen.
Tae: How would you have spent that day, Marina-san?
Marina: Me? Hm, good question... I'd probably relax at home while listening to music, maybe check out some genres that I normally don't listen to.
Tae: Ah, that does sound like fun. It would probably be a good way to come across some hidden gems, too.
Tae: How about you, {{userName}}-san? Any ideas on how you would spend your day?
Tae: ... Ah, excuse me. Kasumi is telling me to hurry up. It seems as though everyone has already gathered, so I'd better go.
Marina: Okay, see you later. Take care.
Tae: I will. Oh, {{userName}}-san. Please share your answer with me the next time we see each other.
