623_Tae Hanazono_R3 Long-Awaited Star MC

Gacha phrase: Those aren't doodles. Think of them as decoration.

<Tae's MC Challenge>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Everyone's got their cup? Alrighty, a toast. To a show well done at CiRCLE~...
All: Cheers!
Kasumi: You could tell everyone at the show was having a really good time!
Rimi: I think they especially liked the set list we made, too.
Saya: Yeah, we knew how good the set list was before we performed it. It's only natural♪ ... Hehe, I'm just teasing.
Kasumi: I feel like I say this after every show, but why does it always end so quickly? I always want to have more fun~!
Arisa: You say that, but you do realize that we were cutting it really close, right?
Kasumi: Wait, were we? But we made sure our list would leave a lot of time leftover...
Rimi: I actually was afraid we'd go past our time slot as well.
Tae: It's probably because Kasumi says something at the end of every song, no?
Kasumi: Now that you mention it, maybe! It's just that I have so much to say whenever we finish one.
Tae: You always look like you're having so much fun talking up there. Like when you talk about the performance or how we got through a song.
Arisa: Yeah, there are times when I'm impressed you can talk that much.
Tae: Hey, Kasumi. I'd like to try being the MC. Would that be okay?
Kasumi: O-Tae~! Absolutely! I'm sure the fans want to hear from all of us, not just me!
Tae: I can? I look forward to our next show then.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Saya: As the MC...?
Arisa: Nothing settling about that...
Tae: Hm? What's wrong you guys?
Saya: S-say, O-Tae! Do you know what you would say up there?
Tae: Huh? How would I know before I'm doing it? It'll depend on the excitement of the room.
Saya: W-well, yeah, but still...!
Kasumi: Do you all wanna know what she would say that badly? Why don't we give it a shot, then?!
Arisa: I think we're more worried than anything... And what do you mean by 'give it a shot'? It's not like we can put on a show right now.
Kasumi: Aw, c'mon~. Let's just do it here! We'll play the songs we played in the show we just did.
Tae: That's a good idea. I think I could get into it.
Arisa: What?! We don't have to do this whole song and dance, do we?
Rimi: Hey, Arisa-chan! Don't you think it would be better if we heard what O-Tae-chan would say before an actual show?
Saya: Yeah. This could be our last chance to keep her from running out of control.
Arisa: Y-yeah, that makes sense... Sigh, I guess there's no other way...
Tae: Get ready, guys. We're gonna start.
Arisa: What is it that makes O-Tae so excited to do this?
(Black cut)

[After a Song]

Kasumi: Mmm, yep! Sounded good to me! Okay, O-Tae! You're up!
Rimi, Saya & Arisa: ...
Tae: Uhhh, hello. I'm Tae Hanazono, the guitarist. Thank you so much for listening.
Rimi: Th-that's more normal than expected...
Tae: The other day, one of my rabbits, Oddie...
Arisa: I knew this would happen!!
Tae: I was watching Oddie play, and I thought, "That rabbit looks bigger than before."
Arisa: Wait, is she just gonna keep going? Is she in her right mind? She's not even talking about something that people would care about...
Saya: I think we better leave the talking to Kasumi, ahaha...
Kasumi: Aw man, but I thought having O-Tae do it would be fun~.
Tae: ... What? Did I do something wrong?
Arisa: More like, "Did I do something right?"
Tae: Oh, alright. Look forward to next time. I'll do better, you'll see.
Arisa: We don't need to see that again!


<Fluffy Set List>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Riverside]

Tae: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello there.
Marina: Good afternoon, Tae-chan! You have plans for today?
Tae: Yep, I'm going to Arisa's house. We're celebrating our last performance.
Marina: Fufu, are you now? Thanks for making it such a good show!
Tae: No, no, we should be the ones thanking you. We had a lot of fun, and hearing the other bands perform was a type of motivation for us.
Marina: I'm glad to hear that. I was relieved to see that everyone was getting along in the dressing room.
Tae: Kasumi went around and get almost everyone's contact information.
Marina: She did?! I guess I shouldn't be surprised that she would do that...
Tae: Bands are really interesting. You don't even have to play the same genre. As long as you're part of a band, you can all feel like you're on the same page.
Marina: Yeah, having that in common can definitely help you feel closer.
Tae: I talked a bunch with the other guitarists as well. It was great.
Marina: Fufu, just listening to you makes me wanna join a band myself.
Tae: It does? I'd love to see that! I wanna hear you playing on stage.
Marina: Fufu, thanks. I'm not really sure I can make that happen, but I suppose I could think about it.
Tae: If you do join a band, let's have a show where we battle. I bet that would be exciting!
Marina: Great idea! Sound like a good time! Ah, but the idea of playing against the current Poppin'Party makes me a little nervous.
Tae: Huh? Why's that?
Marina: Because your playing and performances just keep getting better. That set list you girls put together for this last show was amazing.
Tae: We came up with it together, you know. We have love for all our songs, so it was pretty hard to decide. We would have done all of them if we could.
Marina: Oh, I didn't know. Still, anyone could tell that you thought hard about it!
Tae: That's good. I wanted the theme to be songs you listen to while you cuddle bunnies, but it looks like we made the right choice with our set list.
Marina: S-songs... you listen to... while you cuddle bunnies...? That sounds interesting in and of itself... Yep, {{userName}}-san agrees.
Tae: Fufufu, you'll have to wait to hear it. There will definitely be a day when I play it on stage. Look forward to it.
Marina: O-okay... We will...
Tae: Ah, look at the time. Sorry to hold you two up for so long. Thanks for listening.
