782_Tae Hanazono_R3 Masterpiece Predictions

<Class E at Hagumi's Place>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Hagumi: Eve-chin, O-Tae, welcome! Come in, come in!
Tae: Okay, thanks for having us.
Eve: I hope we're not intruding, Hagumi-san! Wow, your room is so colorful! It makes me feel so happy!
Hagumi: Fufu♪ Right? My room is a happy room!
Hagumi: Kokoron, Kaoru-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, and Mii-kun always compliment me on my room!
Tae: Yeah, I kinda wanna live here.
Hagumi: Ehehe~♪ Okay then, what should we do today?
Hagumi: I was so excited to hang out with you guys that I raced back here after practice♪
Eve: Huh? Hagumi-san, you came straight from practice? Aren't you tired...?
Hagumi: No, not at all! We've got a match soon, so we've been practicing more lately. But it's okay because I love softball!
Hagumi: That's why I'm sooo full of energy! And then, the three of us get to hang out after practice? Today's my lucky day!
Eve: Then let us have a lot of fun today.
Hagumi: I'm so excited~
Tae: Wow, this stuffed polar bear is cute. Oddie makes this face when waking up too.
Eve: There's a little otter over here too! Hagumi, your room is like a toy box!
Tae: Hey, Hagumi. Can I touch this polar bear?
Hagumi: Yeah, of course! That one's my favorite lately!
Tae: Thanks. Then I think I'll go for the belly...
Tae: Ohh... It's so squishy... I kind of want to eat white-flour dumplings now.
Hagumi: Now that you mention it, it does look like a dumpling! I never noticed that!
Eve: Wow, Tae-san, look! This monkey is so cute!
Tae: It is. I kind of want one.
Eve: Its eyes are big and round and so adorable!
Hagumi: Ehehe, that one there~, Mii-kun made it for me. It's a needle-felt monkey~!
Eve: What?! Misaki-san made this?!
Hagumi: It's one of my prized possessions~♪Isn't it cute~?
Tae: Yeah. I'd probably treasure it too if I had one that looked like Oddie.
Eve: I want to try and make my own too!
Hagumi: Then I think you should ask Mii-kun! Mii-kun is kind, so she'll definitely teach you.
Eve: Ahh~, I'm looking forward to it already! Tae-san! Let's go to Misaki-san's house tomorrow!
Tae: Yeah! It'll be fun making things together.
Hagumi: I totally think you should! When my match is over, I'll ask her to teach me too!
Hagumi: What should I make~? ... Ah! I know! A croquette!
Tae: That's a good idea! I wanna make one too!
Tae: Ah, that's right! I just remembered I have something in my bag... Got it!
Hagumi: Huh, O-Tae? What's that?
Tae: This is paper clay. I bought it today at the school store.
Hagumi: Wow! O-Tae, you're so prepared! I'm gonna make my dad's potato croquettes!
Eve: I want to make a crab-cream croquette!
Tae: I think I'll make a minced-meat cutlet.
Tae: Alright, let's get to work!
Hagumi & Eve: Yeah!


<Growing Preferences>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Downtown]

Marina: Hello, Tae-chan. Are you on your way home from school?
Tae: Ah, I spy Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! So this is where you've been hiding. I was just on my way to CiRCLE.
Marina: What, why? Were you looking for us?
Tae: I wanted to give something to you both.
Tae: Here, it's a present. They're dolls of Oddie and the others, made out of clay.
Tae: You two are always looking out for me, so I wanted to thank you!
Marina: There's really no need for that. But thanks! I'll treasure it!
Tae: I made them for the handmade market. A lot of people said they liked how cute they were.
Marina: The handmade market? You participated in that, Tae-chan?
Tae: Yeah, and so did Misaki, Eve, Lisa-san and Kaoru-san.
Tae: We gathered at Lisa-san's house and made lots of different things together.
Tae: Kaoru-san was really interested in clay-sculpting. Now we're clay friends.
Marina: Fufufu. It feels good when someone takes an interest in your hobby, doesn't it? I know the feeling~.
Tae: I'd love to make things together with everyone again. I have to work hard for the next handmade market!
Marina: Oh~, Tae-chan, you're quite fired up~.
Tae: That's because It was fun. I think you'd understand if you participated too, Marina-san.
Tae: Ah. It was kinda like being in a band...
Marina: How so?
Tae: Well, it was like my interests were spreading to everyone else, and their interests were also flowing into me.
Marina: I see. That's a very Tae-chan way to put it. I think I understand what you mean though.
Marina: What're you planning to make next?
Tae: Next, I'll make a robot!
Marina: Huh? A robot? Why...?
Tae: A rabbit robot! My five rabbits will combine together to make a giant rabbit robot!
Marina: A rabbit... robot... Hahaha, I can't really imagine it... But it could turn out good. I bet you want to see it too right, {{userName}}-san?
Tae: I'll definitely show you when it's done! You're gonna love it!
Tae: Anyway, bye-bye~!
