1019_Tae Hanazono_R4 Mermaid Land Sunbath☆

Gacha phrase: Yes, there is a cave nearby where a mermaid lives.

<How to Enjoy Scuba Diving>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: I'm coming in~. Ah, O-Tae, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Long time, no see, Saya-chan~.
Saya: You can say that again~. The last time we got together was before my family vacation... Which was about a week ago, right? Glad to see you're doing alright.
Saya: Speaking of which... where are Kasumi and Arisa?
Tae: Kasumi said she's running an errand for her mother and will be a bit  late. Arisa still has a little more work to do for the student council.
Saya: I see. Alright, let's snack on some baked goods until they get here. Here... A chocolate cornet for you, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Thanks, Saya-chan~! You just made my day~!
Tae: Rimi, you have the same look that Oddie gets when I bring him his food.
Rimi: Hehehe... I was craving some Yamabuki Bakery chocolate cornets the whole time I was gone~.
Saya: Fufu, you really know how to get on my good side~.
Rimi: Oh, I got your postcards, by the way.
Saya: Me too! You guys obviously had a great time. I couldn't help smiling.
Saya: The ones I got from you and Kasumi were especially interesting~. The part about the marine mailbox was really cool.
Tae: Yay! I'm glad~.
Rimi: There was a mailbox on the ocean floor, right? I can't even imagine that~.
Tae: Want to see? Here... This is a photo of us sending our postcards. The tour guide took it for us.
Rimi: Wow, it really is an underwater mailbox...
Saya: O-Tae, is that you in the picture? Sending postcards while scuba diving does sound pretty cool~.
Rimi: Yeah, but also kind of difficult.
Tae: Not at all. They gave us a very thorough explanation beforehand, and the tour guide helped us every step of the way.
Tae: What's more, there are so many interesting sounds while scuba diving.
Saya: Sounds...?
Tae: The sea is full of sounds, like the noise of your breathing or the sloshing of the water as you move your arms and legs...
Rimi: I see~. Now that you mention it, there are a lot of sounds going on whenever I see scuba diving scenes on TV.
Saya: Sounds, huh~? I never really paid attention to that when in the water.
Tae: If not, then you should give it a try. Gliding along with that underwater rhythm is fun.
Rimi: Um, O-Tae-chan? What do you mean...?
Tae: For example, you could stop moving when you take a breath, and then jet forward as you exhale.
Tae: You just swim along like that with all the various sounds of the ocean.
Tae: The breathing noise obviously comes in loud and clear, but the other sounds blur in and out, so trying to match their timing is not easy.
Saya: Fufu. O-Tae, it's so like you to be jamming underwater like that.
Rimi: It sounds like fun. Hearing you talk about this makes me want to go scuba diving too...
Tae: Poppin'Party should go diving together, then! I absolutely recommend  it with all those pretty fish and the beautiful scenery!
Rimi: Count me in! I can't wait to take the plunge with everyone!
Saya: I'll look online and see which spots are best. Hmmm, scuba diving areas...
Saya: Whoa, there are a ton to choose from~. This is going to be tough~.
Rimi: It would take a lot of time to go anywhere far, so we should try to find a place that is as close as possible.
Tae: ... Ah. How about this one? The water has this really beautiful emerald green color.
Saya: You're right! Wow, this is in Japan... right?
Tae: Of course. Look... Check out the website. It's not far at all.
Rimi: I had no idea a spot like this was so close by~. Swimming with all those little fish would be so much fun~♪
Saya: Let's go with this, then. We'll need to tell Kasumi and Arisa about it once they get here.
Tae: Yeah!
Rimi: I remember seeing a mermaid cartoon a long time ago, and that ocean was the same emerald color as this one...
Rimi: The way that the mermaid swam around with the fish looked so exciting... Fufu, I hope I can be like that if we go diving~.
Tae: I'm sure you can. The fish come in droves once you get in the water.
Saya: There you go, Rimi-rin. We'll definitely make your dream come true.
Tae: And if we come across a mermaid down there, it will probably come play with us!
Tae: There is bound to be a Mermaid Cavern nearby. We can have it take us there.
Saya: Mermaid Cavern... You wrote about that in your postcard, didn't you?
Tae: Yeah, we explored one together. And that's when we found an actual mermaid nearby.
Rimi: Huh? You did?
Saya: Ummm, O-Tae, what do you mean...?
Tae: Well, there was an island not too far from the cave, and...


<What the Mailbox Protects>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Downtown]

Marina: There sure are a lot of people here today. Alright, let's hurry and finish buying the supplies that we need.
Tae: ...
Marina: Hm? Is that... Tae-chan over there?
Tae: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello. I saw you putting your hands together in front of that mailbox just now... May I ask why?
Tae: I was just offering my thanks.
Marina: Y-your thanks? For what, exactly...?
Tae: You see, we went to the beach the other day.
Marina: Ah, I heard about that actually. You went with Hina-chan and the others, right?
Marina: From what I remember, you used an underwater mailbox called a marine mailbox to send postcards, right?
Tae: Correct, Marina-san! Here... These are photos of our trip.
Marina: Wow, so there really is a mailbox on the ocean floor! I've never seen anything like it.
Tae: You swim all the way out to the mailbox to send out actual postcards.
Tae: There is an open area beyond the coastal rocks. That's where it is.
Marina: Wow, that sounds interesting~. Definitely not something you can normally do.
Tae: The postcards I sent were filled with all of the excitement I felt that day.
Tae: My goal was to brighten the mood of anyone who read them.
Tae: And as I made a wish for the postcards to safely arrive at their destinations, I suddenly realized something.
Marina: What?
Tae: The mailbox was filled to the brim with postcards exactly like mine, sent with the hope of making others happy.
Tae: From that moment, I knew that I had to give my thanks to the mailboxes of the world.
Tae: I mean, they are what protects all those precious letters filled with  emotions until they reach their destinations.
Marina: Now I see~. I guess the mailboxes do protect our precious letters~. I never thought of them in that way until now.
Marina: But if that's the case, then don't the postal workers also deserve our thanks? They're the ones who actually deliver those heartfelt postcards to their recipients.
Tae: Ah, you're right! If I see any postal workers in the future, I'll be sure to thank them.
Marina: I'm sure they would love that. But next time, it might be best to not pose like that in front of mailboxes. It may interfere with the postal delivery.
Tae: Okay. I'll just tell them out loud how thankful I am for sending my postcards.
Marina: Sure, I think that's enough.
Marina: Wow, would you look at the time. Sorry, Tae-chan. I didn't mean to carry on for so long.
Tae: No, I very much enjoyed our conversation. Thank you for taking the time to speak with me.
Tae: Anyway, it's almost time for Oddie to be fed, so I had better head home. Goodbye.
