1059_Tae Hanazono_R2 Rabbit Hut Introduction

<An Encounter Led by Rabbits>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Middle School Pet Room]

Tae: Yep... You're as fluffy as always.
Chisato: Is that... Tae-chan? She's just gazing at the rabbits...
Tae: Ah, Chisato-senpai. Have you also come here to be healed?
Chisato: That's not quite the case... What are you doing here, Tae-chan?
Tae: Right now, I'm searching for things to recommend about Hanasakigawa.
Chisato: Ah, if I remember correctly, you were collecting surveys to make a pamphlet.
Tae: That's why I came to the rabbit hutch.
Chisato: I see. However, I don't understand the context at all...
Tae: I mean, if we're talking about recommendations, then the rabbit hutch is a must, right?
Chisato: I-is it really...? That reminds me, I feel like the reason we became acquainted was because of the rabbits.
Tae: Ah, you mean the time the rabbits got out. Our search for them really brings back memories.
Chisato: I feel like that was the reason we were able to become friends.
Tae: No doubt the rabbits brought us together. And on White Day, you won me that rabbit plushie from the crane game.
Chisato: Fufu, that did happen, didn't it? I normally don't go to the arcade, so it was a new experience for me.
Tae: Yes, you mentioned that. It made me really happy, so I remember it fondly.
Tae: When I got home, I made sure to show the plushie to Oddie right away and told him how you won it for me.
Chisato: I just won it by a fluke... But if it made you that happy, then it was worth the challenge.
Chisato: Speaking of which, on that day, I met you by coincidence at the station entrance, didn't I? We may have more chances to get together than expected.
Tae: It's all thanks to the guidance of rabbits!
Tae: I mean, even today, we were able to meet each other because you came to the rabbit hutch.
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose that is how it is for you.
Tae: Oh, I was thinking of going to the library next, but would you like to join me?
Chisato: Huh? Me? ... Yes, our meeting here must have been fate, so I suppose I can go along.
Tae: Yay! ... Oh, I might've figured it out.
Chisato: Oh my, figured out what?
Tae: Events like these keep piling up, so the things I want to recommend are going to keep increasing!
Chisato: Fufu, then I suppose hearing all of your parts of Hanasakigawa might be fairly difficult.
Tae: That reminds me, what are your recommendations for Hanasakigawa?
Chisato: Hmm... It may be because you mentioned the library, but I would say mine would be the One Hundred Poems tournament.
Tae: Ah, the One Hundred Poems tournament! That was also written on the survey!
Chisato: Fufu, Sayo-chan from the student council served as the facilitator and Aya-chan and Kanon made the guidebooks for the tournament.
Chisato: The reason it sticks out in my mind... is likely due to Aya-chan.
Tae: Aya-senpai, huh? Now that you mention it, she seemed really busy at the time. It was like she never stopped moving.
Chisato: To be quite honest with you, when I first heard that Aya-chan would be helping with the tournament, I was slightly worried she might have stuck her nose in something strange again.
Chisato: But it's so strange... Somewhere in my heart, I was confident that Aya-chan would be able to pull it off.
Chisato: After that, Kanon and Hagumi-chan spoke to her and lent a hand, and the tournament was a complete success. That's why... it was a memorable event for me.
Tae: I see. It's so interesting that we have different memories of the same One Hundred Poems tournament.
Tae: Ah, it might also be fun to interview people about their memories in addition to the surveys.
Chisato: Fufu, I get the feeling that I'm starting to get used to your unique pace.
Chisato: That might also be thanks to the rabbits' guidance.
Chisato: Oh. While we're heading to the library, would you tell me about an event that was memorable for you?
Tae: Okay, sure. Umm, so, recently when I went on a walk with Oddie...
Chisato: ... That's not really something that happened at Hanasakigawa, is it...?


<Notebook Full of Memories>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tae: At our first live show, I was so nervous, my legs were shaking the entire time. ... Fufu, I know what they mean.
Marina: Phew... Now the shopping is done too~. Ah, is that Tae-chan over there?
Tae: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Welcome back.
Marina: Thank you~. Were you looking at the CiRCLE notebook?
Tae: Yes, I noticed that a new one had been put out without me realizing it.
Marina: All the people that come to CiRCLE can write in it freely, so a single notebook will get filled up in no time flat.
Marina: Did you find any interesting entries?
Tae: There were lots!
Tae: It's filled with the reactions from people that visit the live house and the feelings of people that were nervous for their first show... I feel like I can just keep on reading it.
Marina: We sometimes read through it too. It's something to look forward to.
Marina: There are some things that I can really sympathize with, and then I can experience the same thing from a new perspective.
Tae: ... Ah, the CiRCLE notebook is kinda like that one pamphlet.
Marina: Pamphlet?
Tae: All of us in Poppin'Party made a pamphlet for the school information session the other day.
Marina: Ah, we heard a little bit about that from Saya-chan. You sent out a survey to everyone, right?
Tae: Yes, Those surveys were similar to the entries in the CiRCLE notebook.
Marina: I see. What was similar?
Tae: Well... One entry mentioned how after school, they would be talking about going somewhere... But in the end, they'd just end up hanging out in the classroom and having fun there.
Tae: ... That's was just one of the answers.
Marina: Ahaha, those students sound like they're very close friends.
Tae: And then I realized that we did the same thing previously in Arisa's basement.
Tae: There was also one survey where someone said that when they first entered the school, they thought the white walls looked like they were sparkling.
Tae: It was really interesting that there was someone that saw things that way.
Tae: When I read stuff like that, even though they're the memories of people I didn't know, I felt a sense of closeness with them. Kinda like what I feel when I read the CiRCLE notebook.
Marina: Fufu, you certainly have a point. The fact that they both connect you with the feelings of someone else could be seen as similar.
Tae: I'd love it if the people that read the pamphlet also feel the same way.
Marina: Fufu, it's a pamphlet you all made together, after all. I'm sure your feelings will get across.
Tae: I would be very happy if they did. Ah, that's right. Maybe I should write something in the CiRCLE notebook too.
Marina: Oh, please do!
Tae: Hm, what should I write...?
