1110_Tae Hanazono_R4 Alluring Aroma

Gacha phrase: I'm not looking at anything... I don't care about the chocolate tart...

<A Journey Begins with One Step>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Tae: ... And then we ate the tastiest chocolate ever.
Hagumi: You guys are amazing~! There's no way I could stop myself from eating croquettes~!
Eve: Yes, this was the fruit of your unwavering determination! Also, I am very interested in this concept of... a free mind!
Eve: In the historical drama I watched the other day, the main character practiced concentrating their spirit in order to master swordsmanship!
Eve: Tae-san, will you please teach me how to free my mind? Then I will surely be one step closer to becoming a warrior!
Hagumi: Yeah, I wanna try it too! Maybe croquettes will taste even yummier than before!
Tae: Training to free your mind is hard work. Are you prepared to follow my words to the very end?
Hagumi & Eve: Yeah! Yes!
Tae: You both certainly have the motivation. Well then, let me grab a can of sweet red bean soup...
Eve: A can of soup...? I wonder what kind of training is about to commence.
Hagumi: I dunno, but it sure seems yummy!
Tae: Ah, I forgot I didn't bring one today. Hmm, what should I do...?
Tae: I suppose we can use something else. Okay, you two, take out your favorite dish in your bento and place it here.
Eve: Are you sure...? It feels a little early for lunch...
Tae: I figured we can use them instead of the red bean soup. You can't start the training without having something you want to eat.
Eve: I see. So that is what you mean! In that case, I will use this fried chicken!
Hagumi: Then a croquette for me!
Tae: And I choose Hamburg steak. Okay, please close your eyes and clear your heads.
(Background change)
Hagumi: Okay~! Clearing... Clearing...
Eve: It is quite difficult. What do you think? Am I doing it correctly?
Tae: Uh-huh. You can't see it but you're doing well. Now, open your eyes and look at the food.
(Background change)
Hagumi & Eve: Okay!
Tae: Well? Do you wanna eat these dishes?
Hagumi: Yep! I always wanna eat croquettes!
Eve: Me too... I am starting to get hungry!
Tae: Good. The important thing is to accept that feeling of hunger.
Eve: We must accept it...?
Tae: Yes. To free your mind, you've got to face your appetite head-on.
Eve: ...? I do not fully understand, but I am getting a good sense of how deep this concept is!
Hagumi: And then? What do we do now?
Tae: Next... I'm not sure.
Tae: Last time, we freed our minds to avoid eating sweets. But now that I think about it, there's no need to stop ourselves from eating this right now...
Tae: Hmm... Let's just eat.
Eve: I feel a little guilty about consuming this before lunchtime, but if it means I will become a splendid warrior... Let the feast begin!
Hagumi: Time to chow down...! Gasp, I have a feeling this tastes even better than usual!
Eve: I feel the same way! Is this the result of our training?
Hagumi: It's gotta be! It's because you taught us how to free our minds, O-Tae!
Tae: No, it's because you both gave it your all.
Tae: But you two really do have a knack for this. At this rate, you should master freeing your minds in no time.
Eve: Really?
Hagumi: Woohoo! Isn't that great, Eve-chin?!
Eve: Yes! This is all thanks to your guidance, Tae-san!
Tae: Stay focused and continue to practice in the future. Your training has only just started.
Eve: Of course! As they say, a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step​!
Hagumi: I'll do my best as well!
Arisa: Hey, O-Tae~. About our plans after scho-... Err, why are you eating your bento already?
Tae: Ah, Arisa. I'm teaching these two how to free their minds.
Eve: Tae-san's method of teaching is excellent. I learned a lot!
Hagumi: Hey, why don't you join us, Aa-chan?! We can learn how to free our minds together!
Arisa: N-no... I think I'll pass...


<Next Year’s Valentine’s Day>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tae: Happy Valentine's Day, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Oh, hello, Tae-chan!
Tae: Here, these are for you. I think you'll like them.
Marina: Wow, animal-shaped chocolates. How cute.
Tae: I'm obsessed with them lately. They come in a whole range of animal shapes, and they're really well made.
Marina: Fufu, thank you. Did you give these to the Poppin'Party members as well?
Tae: Yep, everyone was delighted. We had a fun Valentine's Day party.
Marina: That reminds me, you guys swore off sweets until that day, right?
Tae: That's right. It was tough, but thanks to our effort, it was a truly memorable Valentine's Day.
Tae: I'm already excited about next year's party. I'm planning on hand making chocolates.
Marina: Fufu, So you're already thinking about next year.
Tae: Uh-huh, because I realized something awful.
Marina: Wh-what do you mean...?
Tae: Well, in that set of animal chocolates I gave you both... there are no rabbits.
Tae: That's why I want to-... No, I need to make them myself.
Tae: So my plan is to make Oddie-shaped chocolates next year and hand them out to everyone.
Marina: Gotcha~. I can see how adding a rabbit would be very important to you, Tae-chan.
Tae: Yep. I need to master the art of making Oddie chocolates by then.
Tae: I'm sure if I gifted them to everyone, they'd love them.
Tae: I wonder what kind of chocolate the others will pick next year. I hope it'll be another special Valentine's Day.
Marina: Fufu, it's certainly something to look forward to.
Tae: Yeah! And I actually have a favor to ask you both.
Marina: Really?
Tae: Mhm. I'm working on the chocolate's design at the moment, so when I finish, I'd like you to take a look.
Tae: I need to perfect my skills before next Valentine's Day.
Marina: We'll gladly help. I can't wait to see it.
Tae: Thank you very much. When I get home, I need to take another good look at Oddie.
Tae: Well, I better get going. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you for today.
