1131_Tae Hanazono_R3 Special Shot

<Mascot Character Party>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Hm... I'll draw this part like this... And for the color... I guess it should be blue...
Tae: ... I wonder when Kasumi and the others are coming.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan's remedial lesson seems like it will go a bit longer... And Arisa-chan has student council, so I think Saya-chan will come next.
Tae: Saya, huh? Okay, this part will be yellow…
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, what are you drawing? You look so invested in it.
Tae: This is a guitar mascot character.
Rimi: Huh? A guitar mascot...?
Tae: Yup. Recently there was a Shopper Appreciation Day event in the downtown area.
Rimi: Ah, I might've heard about that event from Misaki-chan...
Tae: I met Michelle and Hi-Marie when I was there.
Rimi: Wow, Misaki-chan and Hi-Ma... Ummm... Wh-who is that?
Tae: It's a combination of Himari and Marie, so Hi-Marie. Apparently Hagumi had plans that day and couldn't be Marie.
Tae: So Himari became Marie instead... Ah, keep this a secret from everyone else, okay?
Rimi: I-I see... Anyway, Himari-chan was the one inside Marie that day, right?
Tae: Yup. So I was watching Michelle and Hi-Marie... and the two of them looked like they were having so much fun.
Tae: So I wanted to try being a mascot character too.
Rimi: I see. So that made you want to make one that's a guitar.
Tae: But guitar fluffy mascots must be rare. I searched on my smartphone and couldn't really find any...
Rimi: Yeah, I don't think I've seen one before... There might be mascots that have guitars, but I guess mascots that are guitars themselves are rare...
Tae: Then will you help me make the world's first guitar mascot character?
Rimi: M-me?! I don't know if I'll be much help, but... I'll try my best. What should I do?
Tae: First, I want you to take a look at my best work. What do you think of this page?
Rimi: Th-this long, wriggly part... Is that... the neck?
Tae: I knew you would get it. The guitar neck serves as the character's neck. And the headstock is its head.
Tae: What do you think? Is it cute?
Rimi: U-ummm... I don't know about cute... But I doubt you'd ever forget this character once you saw it...
Rimi: The arms and legs extend out long and thin from the body, and it seems kind of like a tsukumogami...
Tae: What's that...?
Rimi: It's said that items used for a long time house spirits. Those items are called tsukumogami.
Tae: Huh, I see. But this isn't a spirit, it's a fluffy mascot.
Rimi: It's not very fluffy though... Also, if you're going to be inside it, don't you think the neck is a little too long?
Tae: Were you worried about that too?
Rimi: Yeah... I feel like... the length of the neck is a pretty fatal flaw.
Tae: Okay... what about this page?
Rimi: I-is this... a bug?
Tae: This is also a guitar fluffy mascot.
Rimi: R-right, I'm sorry... This part on top of the head looked like the horn on a rhinoceros beetle...
Tae: That's not a horn. It's the guitar neck.
Rimi: Yeah... Now that I'm really looking at it, I think I can gradually see it that way...
Tae: For this costume, my entire body would fit in the body portion of the guitar, so the neck would be fine, right?
Rimi: R-right... But adding in the neck portion, it seems like the costume might be about two meters tall...
Rimi: That's... really big...
Tae: Do you think I wouldn't be able to reach the pegs?
Rimi: I feel like that might not be the problem... The head seems like it would wobble, so it might make things a little hard...
Tae: I see... In that case I'll have to think of another one.
Rimi: Why don't we try asking someone knowledgeable about costume characters? Like Misaki-chan.
Tae: But Misaki wears them, she doesn't make them.
Rimi: That's true... I wonder what we should do then...
Tae: I'd like to hear more of your opinion, Rimi. Someone that doesn't have experience might come up with a unique idea.
Rimi: Y-you want to hear mine...?! Would I... be of help?
Tae: I know you would. Let's work together to complete a cute fluffy mascot! Then, let's unveil it at one of our concerts!
Rimi: Huh? I don't remember hearing that part...


<Today and Tomorrow Too>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Downtown]

Tae: Huh? Hello, {{userName}}-san. Are you on a shopping run today?
Tae: I'm waiting to meet up with Himari and Hagumi.
Tae: They said they want to play with my rabbits. They've done that before, but today they said they also want to observe them.
Tae: Apparently they want to study rabbits' movements.
Tae: I think... the reason is probably because of Marie.
Tae: You see, Himari played Marie recently. Right, her name then was "Hi-Marie."
Tae: When I first saw Marie on Shopper Appreciation Day, I didn't know that it was Himari inside.
Tae: Yep, that's right. I assumed that Hagumi was inside like she always is.
Tae: Later, when I went to go hang out with her during her break in the office, I was told that it was really Himari.
Tae: After being told that, I did realize some things were kind of off. If it had been the usual Marie, she'd have been able to do backflips and dash around at super speed.
Tae: But that doesn't mean I was disappointed by Hi-Marie. Her gestures were really cute.
Tae: All of the children were smiling too.
Tae: There were a lot of shoppers that came to see Marie, but I don't think anyone realized she was different from normal. I wouldn't have realized either if I hadn't been told.
Tae: ... Ah, but it's a secret that Himari was the one inside Marie, okay?
Tae: Anyway, her work for the day ended without any problems, but... it looks like Himari came up with various ideas to better become Marie.
Tae: She was really pumped up, saying that she had to be prepared so she could become Marie at any time...
Tae: So the next time Hi-Marie makes an appearance, I'm sure she'll be more powered-up. She might even juggle on a unicycle like Michelle.
Tae: Fufu, with different Maries around, there will be more to enjoy whenever I see her. I can try to guess what kind of Marie she'll be that day.
Tae: I've got an idea. {{userName}}-san, why don't you try being Marie next time? I'd like to see that.
Tae: I'd also like to see Marina-san's Marie too! I wonder if she'd play guitar or something.
Tae: If Marina-san became Marie... I guess she'd be "Marie-na?" ... Yeah, that might be pretty cool.
Tae: ... Ah. It's almost time, so I need to get going!
Tae: ... Please make sure to tell Marina-san about "Marie-na," okay? Well, see you later.
