1317_Tae Hanazono_R4 Our First Session

Gacha phrase: Rei, let's sing again!

<Hamburg Steak Party>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rei Wakana)

[Station Entrance]

LAYER (Rei): Sorry, did you wait long, Hana-chan?
Tae: Nope, I didn't... Were you running?
LAYER (Rei): I didn't want to keep you waiting.
Tae: Oh, sorry for asking you to come so suddenly.
LAYER (Rei): It's alright. So, about that message you sent... What did you mean by "Let's do a Hamburg steak party?"
Tae: A Hamburg steak party is a party where you eat Hamburg steaks.
LAYER (Rei): I kind of figured that.
Tae: I mean, today is Hamburg Steak Day.
LAYER (Rei): ... That's news to me.
Tae: It is at my place anyway. We're doing a party with lots of Hamburg steaks, so I thought it would be nice if you could have some too.
LAYER (Rei): Are you sure it's okay for me to visit? I know this is a bit sudden...
Tae: Don't worry. All are equal in the eyes of Hamburg steaks.
LAYER (Rei): ... Fufu, I see. You learn something new every day. I appreciate the invitation then.
Tae: You're welcome. Let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanazono Residence - Tae's Room]

Tae: The Hamburg steaks were amazing~!
Tae: What did you think? Did you enjoy them too?
LAYER (Rei): Mm-hmm, I absolutely did. You sure ate a lot, by the way.
Tae: Yeah, I think I had five.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I see. I don't think I've been to your place since we were kids, so this brings back a lot of memories.
Tae: Oh yeah. There are some people I want to introduce you to.
LAYER (Rei): Huh?
Tae: Hold on. I'll bring them.
Tae: Here they are! My rabbits. Let me introduce them.
LAYER (Rei): ... Ahaha... So this is what you meant when you said people...
Tae: What's wrong?
LAYER (Rei): It's nothing. I just feel sort of nervous...
Tae: Nervous...? Ah, Oddie and the others don't bite, so you don't have to worry when you hold them. Here, give it a try.
LAYER (Rei): Wow... Rabbits are so fluffy and warm. I didn't know they could be so well-behaved too.
Tae: Right? Ah, can you hear the purring? It means you're doing a good job petting.
LAYER (Rei): I see. Fufu... How cute.
Tae: Ah!
LAYER (Rei): ...?! Wh-what is it?
Tae: While looking at you guys, a new phrase just came to me.
LAYER (Rei): Nice. Want to write a song then?
Tae: Yeah. I wanna make it the Hanazono Land entrance music.
LAYER (Rei): Since I've got my bass, can I join too?
Tae: Of course! Let's play together!
(Black cut)
Tae: We did it... We have the Hanazono Land entrance music...!
LAYER (Rei): It turned out pretty good, didn't it? Fufu, I always have fun spending time with you.
Tae: I'm glad you're back to normal, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): Hmm?
Tae: You seemed a little down after the Bunpire concert.
LAYER (Rei): Wait... Is that why you invited me to today's party?
Tae: Yeah. I wanted to cheer you up.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu... thanks, but I really was just tired at the time. I'm all good now. And now I've even got some Hamburg steaks in me.
Tae: Oh, that's good~.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I didn't realize it was this late. I should head home.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks so much for inviting me today.
Tae: I'll invite you again to the next Hamburg steak party, okay? Ah, and we need to go to the rabbit cafe too.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I can't wait. See you around.
Tae: See ya! Bye~!


<Because It Was Rei>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tae: Hello!
Marina: Hi, Tae-chan.
Tae: My name is Tae Hanazono, and I've booked a studio.
Marina: Fufu, I know. You can enter already.
Tae: Thank you very much!
Marina: You seem more eager than usual.
Tae: Now that The Pink Bun Bun Empire concert is over, I'm really itching to play.
Marina: You apparently did great. I've been hearing good things about your band.
Tae: Thank you! Everyone in Poppin'Party and RAS came too, and so did Lisa-san. It was a really fun concert.
Marina: I wish we could've gone as well~. Everyone's been saying the way your voices harmonized was very beautiful.
Tae: Really? That makes me so happy!
Tae: Singing with Rei is super fun and amazing...
Marina: Fufu, is that because you're childhood friends?
Tae: Because we're childhood friends...
Marina: Oh, did I get that wrong? Arisa-chan said you two have known each other since you were kids...
Tae: No, you're not wrong.
Tae: But I don't think being childhood friends is why I love singing with her.
Tae: How to explain...
Tae: Rei is sort of part old Rei that hasn't changed at all, and current Rei that's changed a lot...
Tae: But I already knew how her music as RAS' lead sounded, so it felt like a huge waste for it to be just old Rei.
Tae: I realized our music could be so much freer and something we can only perform because of who we are now.
Marina: I see. Then I guess I should've said you had such a good time playing because it was LAYER-chan, not because you were childhood friends.
Tae: Because it was Rei... Yes... I think that might be it.
Tae: She made me shiver so many times when we were practicing, so I practiced extra hard to do the same to her.
Tae: That helped make the Bunpire concert a huge success, but my desire to play more and play better hasn't decreased at all.
Marina: Fufu, I see. Then it sounds like practice is just what you need. Good luck.
Tae: Thank you! I'll be going to the studio now then.
