1365_Tae Hanazono_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Thanks! Can I open them?

<Surrounded by What I Love>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: O-Tae, happy birthday!
Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Happy birthday!
Rimi: We've brought a present for you today. Here you go!
Tae: Thanks! Can I open it?
Saya: Of course! We hope you like it.
Tae: Wow... It's full of rabbit-themed stuff! Can I really have all of this?
Kasumi: Those are all part of your present, O-Tae!
Tae: There's a hairband, a scarf, gloves, and even a plushie... Is this... a dream?
Arisa: No, no! This is real life!
Tae: I see. This is the greatest present ever, so I thought I was dreaming.
Rimi: Fufu, I'm glad you like it so much.
Kasumi: Hey, O-Tae! Try on all of your presents!
Tae: Sure! Okay, hold on for a little bit...
Rimi: Wow, they look so good on you!
Kasumi: Mhm! O-Tae, you're like a cute, fluffy rabbit! Arisa, you think so too, right?
Arisa: What're you asking me for?! But... she doesn't look too bad, I guess.
Saya: Fufu. O-Tae, you look so happy all decked out in rabbit goods. Ah, I brought my camera with me, so I'll take your picture!
Tae: Yay! I'd love to have a copy of it later. I'll keep it as a memory for today.
Saya: Sure thing! Now, say cheese~! ... I guess I don't have to tell you that since you already have a great smile. Here I go~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Why I Don't Want To>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rei Wakana)

[Shopping Mall]

LAYER (Rei): It feels like it's been a while since we went shopping together. Hana-chan, is there something you wanted to buy?
Tae: Yeah, there is. I was thinking about getting one of those things...
Tae: A mannequin.
LAYER (Rei): ... Huh?
LAYER (Rei): Umm... You mean like the ones you see in clothing stores?
Tae: Yeah. I want one of those.
LAYER (Rei): That's quite an unusual thing to be looking for...
Tae: Well, for my birthday the other day, I got a head-to-toe rabbit gift from everyone in Poppin'Party. It had stuff like a rabbit ear headband, a scarf, and all sorts.
Tae: It made me really happy, but I can't always keep them on, right? So I figured I need a mannequin to hang them in my room so I can look at them whenever I want.
LAYER (Rei): R-right...
Tae: But I wonder where mannequins are sold. Do you think they would have them at clothing stores?
LAYER (Rei): No, those are just for displaying clothes, so I don't think they're for sale...
LAYER (Rei): Plus, I think having a mannequin in your room could be a little frightening. Just the torso portion might be okay though...
Tae: That's one of those mannequins without arms, legs, or a head, right?
LAYER (Rei): That's kind of an eerie way to put it, but... yeah, one of those.
Tae: But I wouldn't be able to put my headband on one of those.
Tae: Yeah! If I had a mannequin, it could wear my rabbit-themed stuff instead of me...
Tae: ... Instead of me...
LAYER (Rei): What's wrong, Hana-chan?
Tae: ... Actually, I've changed my mind.
LAYER (Rei): Huh? You mean you changed your mind about the mannequin? ... Why the sudden change of heart?
Tae: Thinking about someone else wearing my presents from everyone makes me feel kind of gloomy. Even though it'd just be a mannequin and not a person.
Tae: After all, I'm the one they gave those presents to.
LAYER (Rei): Hana-chan...
Tae: Sorry for dragging you out here and wasting your time.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, that's okay. That just means you really treasure the birthday gift the others gave you, right?
Tae: Yeah, it's really important to me.
LAYER (Rei): I see. Well, there shouldn't be a problem then, right?
Tae: Thanks, Rei... But now I don't have anything to buy. I know. Why don't we go somewhere and have tea?
LAYER (Rei): Sounds good. Let's do that. There's a lot I want to talk to you about.
Tae: Me too! Oh yeah, I also have pictures from my birthday party.
LAYER (Rei): Nice, show them to me later... Fufu.
