1488_Tae Hanazono_R4 Hanazono Guitar Lesson

Gacha phrase: This is the kind of music I've been wanting to play!

<Hanasaka Poppin’Party>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tae: ... So, this is what we've come up with. What do you think?
Kasumi: O-Tae... That was incredible!
Arisa: Yeah, it's like the melody's been completely reworked...
Rimi: And, Saya-chan, your lyrics are amazing too...!
Kasumi: I know! It's like there's something sparkly up ahead, and you start running toward it because you can't wait to get closer!
Rimi: How did the two of you come up with a song like this?
Tae: I found the melody while playing the guitar on the school field this morning. Right, Saya?
Saya: Yup. It really did surprise me when you suddenly showed up at the bakery though.
Arisa: Playing the guitar on the field...? At morning...? I have no idea how you even came up with something like that...
Kasumi: Hey, hey, how'd it feel when you were playing? I'm guessing it was pretty awesome!
Tae: It was. You could see the sun rising off in the distance and the field gradually being lit up...
Tae: Seeing all that while playing the guitar let me meet so many new sounds! I had tons of fun!
Kasumi: You're so lucky~! I wanna try it too! We so have to go one of these days!
Arisa: Having the full band making noise might lead to complaints, don't you think...?
Rimi: Then does it mean you came up with these lyrics on the field?
Saya: Yeah. I was just watching O-Tae facing the sun and enjoying the guitar when I started getting this image.
Kasumi: Oh wow~! Then it's like you got the words by doing a session with the morning sunlight!
Arisa: You know... this song probably wouldn't even exist if you guys hadn't been there at that moment...
Kasumi: Hey, hey, let's hurry up and start arranging the melody and lyrics!
Kasumi: I want a beginning that feels refreshing! Sort of like a gradual sunrise!
Rimi: I think having the bass part be on the softer side a bit would work the best. Something resembling a gentle light shining through a window...
Rimi: And from there, we could have the music slowly build up in intensity until the chorus where a brilliant light gets unleashed...
Kasumi: I like the sound of that! How about we also have the guitars go all out when the chorus begins then...?
Arisa: Uh~, shouldn't we try to at least keep some of the earlier gentleness? To make the melody and lyrics stand out more, you know?
Arisa: I mean, CHiSPA does like their songs simple.
Kasumi: Oh yeah...! They're the ones who'll be playing it after all! Thanks so much for the important reminder, Arisa!
Arisa: Whoa, easy there. It's not a big deal, all right?
Arisa: And we've got such a great melody and lyrics. I just, you know, wanna make sure they get to shine...
Kasumi, Rimi, Saya & Tae: Oh~...!
Kasumi: You're super motivated, Arisa!
Rimi: Mm-hmm, I can tell you care a lot.
Saya: Fufu, as the person who did write the lyrics, I'm really happy you care so much about the song.
Arisa: I-it's nothing like that, okay~?! This is our first time writing a song for someone else, so I just want it to be good and stuff...!
Tae: I have to say though, it sure is fun to have all five of us working like this on a song.
Saya: It is, huh...? I don't really think our songs can ever be truly complete without all of us being involved.
Tae: It's like we're watering the melody and lyrics, giving them sunlight, and adding some fertilizer. Just like making flowers bloom.
Tae: So that makes us the same as Hanasaka Jiisan.
Arisa: You're saying we're like that folk tale old guy who makes trees blossom...? It was such a good metaphor until you had to lame it up.
Rimi: I like it. It's kind of cute.
Saya: Yeah, it's definitely cute.
Kasumi: See~. We can all be Hanasaka Jiisan together, Hanasaka Arisa!
Arisa: What the...?! Don't go giving me such a weird name!
Kasumi: Aw~! I thought it was good~! Don't you agree, Hanasaka Saya?
Saya: Ahaha, yeah, I do. Right, Hanasaka O-Tae?
Tae: Since we also have Hanasaka Rimi... that makes us Hanasaka Poppin'Party.
Arisa: What kind of a name is Hanasaka Poppin'Party?!
Kasumi, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Ahahaha.
Kasumi: All right~! Let's work together to make the melody and lyrics blossom~!
All: Yeah~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Hello, sound>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Residential Area]

Tae: Hm-hmm~♪
Tae: Ah. Hi, {{userName}}-san.
Tae: Oh? I look like I'm in a really good mood?
Tae: Mm-hmm, we wrote a song. What kind? For CHiSPA.
Tae: Yeah, we wrote a song for them. It was our first time writing one for another band, so I enjoyed it a lot!
Tae: I thought it'd be pretty doable at first, but it turned out to be quite a bit harder than I expected.
Tae: That's why me and Saya decided we needed to find out about CHiSPA's feelings and experiences, so we interviewed Natsuki together.
Tae: We'd never been to the studio before, so it felt refreshing. The interior there was different, but so was the smell. I wonder what it was. Maybe the amps.
Tae: Yeah. So anyway, getting to hear a lot of stuff from Natsuki about CHiSPA's experiences and approach was really fun.
Tae: Turns out our bands may have had different experiences, but the feelings we've gone through have been the same.
Tae: Joy, sadness, etcetera.
Tae: So I decided to take what I've felt by being in a band and putting them into the melody as is.
Tae: But something was still missing, so I thought about it, and then it came to me.
Tae: I realized I'd never played the guitar on the school field.
Tae: Yeah. The morning school field, to be precise.
Tae: Before the sun rose, I went to Yamabuki Bakery and grabbed Saya.
Tae: You're right, she was pretty surprised.
Tae: Anyway, I started playing the guitar with Saya beside me at the empty school.
Tae: The sun started to rise and slowly light up the field... It was really pretty.
Tae: That was when I started meeting all kinds of sounds.
Tae: I was so happy to meet so many new guitar sounds I never even knew about.
Tae: Yeah. The guitar phrases that came to me and the lyrics Saya came up with that morning are what let us transform the song.
Tae: You should've seen how happy Natsuki was when we gave her the song everyone had arranged.
Tae: We even ended up doing a show together.
Tae: Mm-hmm, it was lots of fun! We were at a new location, there were so many unfamiliar faces in the crowd, and even the way our music echoed was different.
Tae: I enjoyed the show itself, of course, but what I really enjoyed was getting to work on a song with Saya and discovering so many new sounds.
Tae: It was like saying "Hi, let's be friends!" and making new friends.
Tae: Playing the guitar in different places is also so much fun because you get to find new ways of making sounds.
Tae: Oh, I sound like I love the guitar?
Tae: Yeah, I do, and I don't see myself ever getting tired of it!
Tae: Actually, I can only see myself coming to love it even more.
Tae: After all, there are still tons of sounds that I don't know about and haven't met yet.
Tae: I want to put together all those sounds I meet and have lots of people hear them. That'd be great.
