1592_Tae Hanazono_R5 Summer Train Crossing

<Summer Train Crossing>

Anime story


<Pairs of Footsteps in Unison>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rei Wakana)

Tae: (A powerful intro that pierces the air...)
Tae: (The bass surges up as the guitar races ahead like lightning...)
Tae: (And then the singing begins...)
Tae: Rei...?
(Black cut)
Tae: It really is Rei!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: Rei~!
LAYER (Rei): Hana-chan...
Tae: Wow. I didn't think we'd bump into each other here. This must be fate 'cause...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: ...? Is something wrong?
LAYER (Rei): Hm? No. Why...?
Tae: You've got this funny look on your face.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, no... It's nothing.
LAYER (Rei): When I saw you on the other side of the railroad crossing, your expression was so serious...
LAYER (Rei): It caught me by surprise because you kind of looked like someone else.
Tae: I looked serious?
Tae: Might be because I was so focused on this song.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, it did look like you were using your earphones to listen to something.
Tae: Mm-hmm. We're practicing our new song in the basement today.
LAYER (Rei): I see. So that's why you were listening so intently.
Tae: And I see you've got your bass. On your way to practice?
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. At CHU²'s penthouse.
Tae: Then let's walk together partway. You see, I've got lots of stuff I want to talk to you about.
LAYER (Rei): Sure. Can't wait to hear it all.
(Black cut)
Tae: ... So, there's going to be a Marie event.
Tae: This is super big news. She's never done a solo event before.
Tae: I'm really happy because I've always rooted for her. No matter what, I'm watching from the front row.
LAYER (Rei): Nice. I can tell from everything you've said that you're looking forward to this a lot.
LAYER (Rei): Although I have no clue what Marie is...
Tae: Wait, you don't know? She's the star of the Hanasakigawa area.
Tae: Let's go to the event together then. I'll show you who she is.
LAYER (Rei): Really? Sounds great. I'll make sure I'm free.
LAYER (Rei): Since Marie's so important to you, I can't wait to find out what she's like.
Tae: You won't be disappointed. In fact, I think you'll become a fan.
LAYER (Rei): ... Thanks, Hana-chan.
Tae: For?
LAYER (Rei): To tell you the truth, I wasn't sure how I wanted to approach practice today.
LAYER (Rei): But the power I got from speaking with you blew away all that.
Tae: Ohh, mobile power spot Hanazono strikes again.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, yeah. Speaking with you always has that effect.
Tae: Oh, I see...
Tae: Then I guess I owe you a thank you, too, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): ...? What for suddenly?
Tae: I was just getting some power myself.
Tae: Here. You give this a listen, too, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): Your earphones?
LAYER (Rei): This is the song you're working on, isn't it? Are you sure it's okay for me to hear it?
Tae: What do you mean? It's not the song we're practicing.
LAYER (Rei): ...?
LAYER (Rei): RAS's song...!
Tae: I often listen to music whenever I need a boost.
Tae: And I want a big one today. That's why I was listening to your singing.
Tae: Ever since we were kids, I've always loved the way you sing. Your singing's been so awesome lately, though.
Tae: How do I explain... It's like, it always ends up a little different from how I imagine it'll be...
Tae: It's like... Yeah... it surpasses my expectations.
LAYER (Rei): ...!
Tae: When I hear that singing, I can feel the motivation bubbling up inside, making me feel the need to work hard like you.
Tae: That's why I want to thank you.
LAYER (Rei): Hana-chan...
Tae: Hm? You're making a funny face again.
LAYER (Rei): Actually, this is the face I make when you really amaze me.
LAYER (Rei): I mean, you could tell that wanting to go beyond everyone's expectations is what's behind my singing.
Tae: ... Of course I could. It's you we're talking about, Rei.
Tae: Ah, I guess it means your RAS songs are my mobile power spot then.
LAYER (Rei): True. I'm glad they're helping you out.
Tae: And I'm glad I can be your source of power.
Tae: Let's both give our best performance during today's practice!
