1623_Tae Hanazono_R4 School Festival Taste

Gacha phrase: Ahem. Class is in session.

<Bunny Promise>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: I see... Then I will stop by the agency this afternoon. Thank you.
Chisato: ... Phew.
Chisato: (At least I don't have any plans this morning. It's been so long since I've been able to take a break like this...)
Chisato: (I could go shopping, or maybe visit a café... Fufu. What should I do?)
Tae: Hello, Chisato-senpai.
Chisato: ... Hello, Tae-chan.
Chisato: Is something going on? Why are you carrying all those shopping bags?
Tae: It's all fabric. I just bought it at the mall earlier.
Chisato: You certainly bought a lot... Are you planning on making something?
Tae: Chisato-senpai. Are you free right now?
Chisato: Well... Yes, I have a little time...
Tae: Sweet! I was hoping I could ask you about bunny bags.
Chisato: Bunny bags...?
Tae: So you see, at first, I was thinking it'd be fine to just leave it as is, but then I realized a bag would probably be easier to carry around.
Chisato: Um... Tae-chan. Could you explain things in a way that's a little easier to understand?
Chisato: "Bag"? "Carry around"? ... You aren't talking about live rabbits, are you...?
Tae: No way. Don't you remember? I'm talking about the little bunny amp I showed you at that college campus festival the other day.
Chisato: Now that you mention it... That's right, you did have something like that, didn't you...
Chisato: So, um... You're talking about a bag to put that amp in, then?
Tae: Exactly! Good answer, Chisato-senpai. That earns you ten Bunny Points!
Chisato: ... Thank you.
Tae: If possible, I wanted to find a bag with a little bunny patch stitched on it to match the amps, so I was hoping I could ask you for some advice.
Chisato: Me...? I... I'm not sure I can help you much there...
Tae: You're an expert on bunnies, though. You helped catch all those bunnies that one time, didn't you?
Chisato: I did...?
Tae: Remember? That time a whole bunch of rabbits escaped the pet room and were running around loose at school!
Chisato: Ah, that... That was quite some time back. I'm surprised you remember.
Tae: I remember it like it was yesterday. It was the start of our beautiful friendship, after all. That's why when it comes to bunnies, the first person I think of is you.
Chisato: I see... As much I appreciate that's how you feel about me...
Chisato: I have to imagine it'd be rather difficult to find a carrying bag with a bunny stitched on it that would specifically fit that amp you're talking about...
Tae: That's right! I knew I could count on you, Chisato-senpai.
Tae: I realized that too. Which is why I figured I might as well just make it myself.
Chisato: I see... I think that's a wonderful idea.
Tae: Please, take a look at this sketchbook.
Chisato: Are these... drawings of rabbits? They're adorable.
Tae: Yeah, this one's Oddie, and this one's Shiroppi, and this one's Purple-chan! I drew these yesterday thinking I could use them as models for the rabbit patch.
Tae: Which one do you think I should use, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: Well... From a glance, none of them look particularly different to me...
Tae: Look closer! Their coats are different, and Shiroppi and Purple-chan's tail lengths are totally different, too! And see? Their whiskers are bent differently...!
Chisato: O-oh, um... Yes, I suppose they are, aren't they?
Tae: Hm... If you can't tell them apart, that must mean I didn't draw them good enough.
Tae: I'll go to the pet room and do some more sketching there. C'mon, Chisato-senpai! Let's go!
Chisato: I'm sorry, as much as I'd love to, I've actually got plans...
Tae: Huh? But you said you were free today, didn't you?
Chisato: I did, but I have a meeting this afternoon...
Tae: Oh, that's a shame. I was hoping we could talk a little more.
Chisato: That would be nice, yes. Perhaps another time...
Tae: But you're going off to college next year, right?
Tae: So I've been thinking about how I don't know how many more times we're going to be able to talk together like this.
Chisato: ... Tae-chan...
Chisato: You don't have to worry. I already told you before, but there's still plenty of time left before graduation.
Chisato: So don't look so glum, okay? We can hang out all we want when we both have time.
Chisato: Oh, that's it. I'll be free next Monday after school, so if you'd like, we could...
Tae: Really?! Yes~!
Tae: Then I'll leave this sketchbook with you, okay?! There's about 100 rough drafts for the patch I drew in there. Let me know what you think!
Chisato: Huh...? Y-you want me to look at all of them...?
Tae: I've still got more ideas in my head, too. I'll send them to you later!
Chisato: I... see...
Tae: Alright, I'm going to head to the pet room to do some bunny watching! I can't wait until next week, Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: All of these... by next week...
Chisato: ... Perhaps I've bitten off a little more than I can chew this time...


<“Newness” Experienced Personally>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Let's see... We bought cleaning cloths, we bought picks.. What else do we need~...?
Tae: Hmhmm~♪
Marina: Ah, Tae-chan. Hi there.
Tae: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: You're in a good mood today. Are you doing some shopping?
Tae: I got a new amp, so I was thinking I'd get a new cable to go along with it.
Marina: Oh, a new amp, huh? What kind? I'm curious.
Tae: A bunny amp.
Marina: A bunny amp? Do you mean an amp with a bunny drawing on it?
Tae: No, it's an amp shaped like a bunny's face. I bought it from the Audio Research Club when I went to this college's campus festival the other day!
Marina: Whoa~, so it's an original design, then? I'd love to see some pictures sometime.
Tae: Of course! I'll bring it to CiRCLE next time I'm there. It's really, really cute. You're not gonna believe it.
Marina: Fufu, I'm looking forward to seeing it. A college campus festival though, huh~? I bet it felt a little different from your high school ones, right?
Tae: Yeah. They had a bunch of stands selling foods you'd never normally be able to try, like this soki soba... It was soba, but with a bunch of meat added. Man, that was good.
Tae: Other than that, there was someone in the Light Music Club who played this amazing cover of one of Mortin's solos... They even had Mortin's hairstyle too, which was really surprising.
Marina: I see. Colleges are places where people all over the country gather together, so I guess they're also great places to meet all sorts of interesting people, too.
Tae: Oh, we also got to look inside one of the buildings. The classrooms were huge, and they had elevators. It was all full of stuff we'd never seen before at Hanasakigawa...
Tae: It really showed me that colleges are way more fun than I could've ever imagined. It was great!
Marina: Yup, yup. There's a lot you things you can only learn by seeing and experiencing them yourself.
Tae: Yeah, I think so, too. It's just like with music.
Marina: Like with music?
Tae: You know, like how hearing music you've never heard before and going to see concerts you've never seen before. It feels like you're expanding your horizons.
Tae: So that's why it's just like with music.
Marina: True. Trying things for yourself is super important. Oftentimes, it's a more effective way of growing as a person, too.
Tae: Exactly! ... Alright. On that note, I'm gonna go buy a set of cables I've never used before.
Marina: Sounds like a great idea to me!
Tae: What sort of sound am I going to get if I connect this cable to my bunny amp? Fufu... I can't wait to find out.
