1654_Tae Hanazono_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Go right ahead. I hope you guys get hooked too.

<Fun Choices after a Meal>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanazono Residence - Tae's Room]

Tae: The cake and Hamburg steak bread were really good! Thanks, you guys.
Saya: We're glad you liked them! Rimi-rin and Arisa bought the cake, and Kasumi and I made the Hamburg steak bread.
Rimi: Once again, Happy Birthday, O-Tae-chan.
Kasumi: O-Tae, Happy Birthday~!!
Arisa: Haven't you said that, like, more than ten times today?
Tae: Fufu. I'm happy no matter how many times she says it!
Kasumi: In that case... Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday, Happy Birthday~!
Arisa: Th-that's kinda starting to sound like a tongue twister...
Tae: Since we ate something tasty, why don't we all brush our teeth? You guys can choose from the toothpaste I have here. Arisa, do you want green tea flavor?
Arisa: Huh...? Toothpaste?
Tae: Lately, I've been hooked on a brand of toothpaste with thirty kinds of flavors. Brushing my teeth after eating has become a habit of mine.
Arisa: Thirty kinds?! Are there that many flavors...?
Rimi: If there are that many, you'll be able to brush with a different flavor every day.
Saya: Cream soda flavor, keema curry flavor, sweet red bean soup flavor... Ah! There's even a grilled corn flavor!
Tae: If there's any you guys want to try, let me know. I'll let you borrow it.
Kasumi: Then I pick the fruit yogurt flavor~!
Tae: That's my top recommendation!
Arisa: That doesn't seem like I'd feel like I'd brushed my teeth...
Saya: Fufu. That might change once you give them a try.
Arisa: Y-yeah, I guess... Actually, no, I'm not sure about that.
Rimi: Then I'll borrow the chocolate parfait flavor.
Tae: Go ahead. I'd be so happy if you all got hooked, too.


<Mixed☆Together Potential>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Chiyu Tamade)

[Residential Area]

Tae: Huh? CHU²? It's rare to find you in a place like this.
CHU² (Chiyu): I was checking out the live house where we'll have our next concert. More importantly...
CHU² (Chiyu): Tae Hanazono, today's your birthday, isn't it? LAYER was restless today.
Tae: Huh? She was? Even though it's my birthday...? I wonder why...
CHU² (Chiyu): You really never change. But anyway... Happy Birthday, Tae Hanazono.
Tae: Thanks! Fufufu.
CHU² (Chiyu): Wh-what?! What's so funny?!
Tae: It's nothing. I just felt kinda happy.
CHU² (Chiyu): I-I see. Unfortunately, I don't have a present for you right now.
Tae: Then I'll give you one.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why? Why would you do that?
Tae: You can pick from the items I bought a little while ago.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sakura mochi flavor, Hamburg steak flavor, omelet flavor... What are these?
Tae: Toothpastes.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?! Toothpaste has this many kinds of flavors?
Tae: Lately, I've been hooked on a brand of toothpaste with thirty kinds of flavors. I'm sure you'll like it too.
Tae: Ah, there's even a jerky flavor!
CHU² (Chiyu): It sounds like I'd get confused about whether I was brushing my teeth or eating jerky...
Tae: Isn't cleaning your teeth while feeling like you're eating food you love like getting two birds with one stone? And it'd be fun to compare it with the real thing. Plus-
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh. If you insist on it that much, I can try this jerky flavor when I feel like it.
Tae: Really? Yay!
CHU² (Chiyu): Why am I accepting a present from the person whose birthday it is...?
Tae: Ah! I'd really appreciate it if you gave Rei this melon cider flavor.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah, yeah. Fine. By the way, aside from the flavors you bought, what other flavors are there?
Tae: If I remember correctly... there was blueberry cheesecake flavor, caramel flavor, coffee flavor, and milk tea flavor.
CHU² (Chiyu): Instead of toothpaste... that sounds more like dessert.
Tae: ...! I just thought of something really great!!
CHU² (Chiyu): Wh-what is it?
Tae: If I mixed the caramel flavor with the coffee flavor, wouldn't that make it a caramel macchiato flavor?
CHU² (Chiyu): It might taste that way...
Tae: And if I mixed the omelet flavor with the sugar toast flavor, the inside of my mouth would taste like breakfast!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I think mixing all of them is the one thing you shouldn't do.
