1664_Tae Hanazono_R4 Charging Power!

Gacha phrase: Joyous power is joyous power!

<New Year Refrain>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Once again, Happy New Year, you guys!
Rimi: Yeah. I hope we have another great year together.
Tae: How was your guys' New Year's?
Saya: I think I might've eaten a bit too much mochi. Our bakery was making a new bread with mochi in it for New Year's.
Arisa: Ahh, now that I think about it, you mentioned that. But seriously, why is it that New Year's makes people overeat?
Kasumi: Yeah, really~. I ate a bunch of ozoni soup and osechi dishes too!
Tae: I had a lot of osechi too.
Tae: Osechi are good-luck charms, so I think something good will happen just by eating them.
Arisa: Hmm~. Did you make sure to eat some sweet rolled omelets?
Tae: I did! They make you smarter, right?
Arisa: Ohh, I'm surprised you knew that.
Tae: Eve told me about it. She said that black soybeans have a meaning of "working diligently" or something... I also heard about other good-luck charms.
Kasumi: Like what?
Tae: Let me see~. If we're looking at stuff in Arisa's house... There are the New Year's pine decorations.
Saya: Yeah, there were some hung up in front of the house. Those decorations are supposed to act as guides for spirits when they appear, right?
Kasumi: Then do you think spirits are already here? Arisa, did you make sure to greet them?
Arisa: No. Anyway, you don't normally do that!
Rimi: Fufu. By the way, O-Tae-chan. How was your shrine visit with Hagumi-chan and the others?
Tae: It was fun. We leveled up the joyousness of some charms.
Arisa: Huh? You leveled up charms...?
Tae: Yeah. When I did my New Year's shrine visit with Hagumi and the others, we bought study charms to give to our seniors studying for their college entrance exams.
Tae: Then we talked about making it so the charms have one hundred times their joyous power...
Arisa: You've been throwing out some nonsensical phrases for a little while now... What the heck is joyous power?
Tae: Joyous power is joyous power. It's the power of the New Year's joyousness we collected.
Arisa: Nope, I have no idea what you're saying...
Rimi: Umm... What kind of things did you all do to collect that power?
Tae: We did a lot, but first, we put the charms in the light of the new year's first sunrise.
Tae: After that, we showed the charms some white doves and carried them while we became lucky women...
Tae: That's how we gathered power into the charms and gave them as presents to everyone studying for their college entrance exams.
Tae: As long as they have those charms, I'm sure something good will happen to them.
Kasumi: Whoa~! So that's the kind of effect that joyous power has~!
Kasumi: Hey, O-Tae! Do you think I can charge my guitar with that power too?!
Tae: I don't see why not. How about we give it a try right now?
Kasumi: Sounds good to me! ... Ah, but would that be okay?
Kasumi: Would we be able to collect joyous power if it's not New Year's Day?
Tae: That's okay. It might not be New Year's Day, but we're still in the New Year's period.
Tae: Plus, I'm sure other times in the year have a ton of joyous occasions.
Kasumi: Good point! Well then, let's all collect power now!
Arisa: Wait, you're including the rest of us in that?
Kasumi: It'd be a lot more fun if we did it together! Right?! With that being said... O-Tae~, teach us how to do it!!
Tae: Leave it to me. I'll teach you perfectly.
Kasumi: Yay!
Saya: Fufu. Kasumi's eyes are really sparkling.
Arisa: Once she gets like that, no one can stop her.
Saya: Now, now. Let's at least go with them.
Rimi: Yeah. Both Kasumi-chan and O-Tae-chan are really motivated.
Arisa: You guys~... Don't you think you're being a little too accommodating to Kasumi and O-Tae?
Saya: You say that, but not going isn't an option for you, either.
Arisa: Yeah, well... Sheesh. So? What are you planning on doing first?
Tae: Hmm. Should we go gather joyous power from the first sunrise of the year? That's what I did with them.
Arisa: Oh, come on. That sunrise is only for New Year's Day.
Tae: Ah, right. Well then... Let's choose a lucky woman!
Tae: We'll race from the basement to the shrine, and the person who finishes first is the lucky woman.
Arisa: W-would that even work? Isn't that supposed to be more of a proper event?
Rimi: Not to mention, the shrine is pretty far from here...
Kasumi: Okay! Let's go for it!
Saya: We're actually racing?!
Tae: Everyone, here we go! Ready...
Kasumi & Tae: Go!
Rimi: Oh my gosh. Kasumi-chan and O-Tae-chan are so fast~! Wait for me~!
Saya: Hrm. Those three just took off running.
Arisa: Sigh... I pretty much saw this coming, but it looks like we're in for another rowdy year...
Saya: Fufu. But doesn't it seem like it'll be really fun too?
Arisa: Well... you might be right...
Arisa: ... Seriously though, how fast are those guys? The two of us have been completely left in the dust.
Saya: Why don't we get going too?
Arisa: Right... Kasumi~. O-Tae~. Rimi~. Wait up~!


<Excitement-Packed New Year>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Shopping Mall]

Tae: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Happy New Year.
Marina: Tae-chan! Happy New Year to you too. I look forward to seeing more of you this year.
Tae: Same here. Are the two of you shopping?
Marina: That's right! We came to stock up on equipment. What about you, Tae-chan?
Tae: I came to take a peek at the first sales of the new year.
Marina: Wow, how nice. The atmosphere around those sales is kind of exciting, isn't it? It's like you can feel on your skin that it's New Year's...
Tae: I think I know what you mean. Everyone gets a little carried away, and it's like a festival... I love how exciting it is.
Tae: My first shrine visit of the year was a lot of fun too.
Marina: Is that so? Did you go with someone?
Tae: Yeah. I went with Eve and Hagumi, as well as LOCK and Ako. We went around charging charms with joyous power.
Marina: Joyous power...? Um, what exactly is that?
Tae: We all decided to give the people studying for college entrance exams academic achievement charms to cheer them on.
Tae: At first, we planned on giving them one hundred, but someone said the shrine might not have that many...
Tae: That's when I came up with an idea. We should level up the charms!
Marina: Umm~, and does that mean your method for leveling up the charms was to gather that power...?
Tae: Yes! Exactly!
Tae: They say good things happen when you do joyous things, right?
Tae: When I was a kid, there were days when I would draw a "great blessing," and my Hamburg steak at dinner was bigger than normal.
Tae: That's why I thought if we gathered a bunch of that power, just as many good things would happen to our seniors.
Marina: I-is that so...? People have indeed said that good-luck charms attract good fortune for a long time.
Marina: But what exactly did you do to charge the charms with power...?
Tae: We first held the charms in the light of the new year's first sunrise.
Tae: After that, we had a race to pick a lucky man and lucky woman, had Michelle bite our heads, and had osechi dishes at Hagumi's house!
Marina: You sure did a lot... If you went through all that, I bet your support for everyone studying for college entrance exams went perfectly... Right?
Tae: Of course!
Tae: Those charms were packed with joyous power, after all. They're bound to be helpful to our seniors!
Marina: Fufu. Right. I'm sure everyone who accepted one was really happy to get it.
Marina: That's because while the charms do have joyous power... more importantly, they have the feelings from you and the others of wanting to support everyone!
Tae: Yeah, I'd be happy if that was the case.
Tae: Well, I should be going. The lucky bags might get sold out.
Tae: Thank you for listening to my story!
