1800_Tae Hanazono_R4 Will I Be Able To?

Gacha phrase: Yeah, especially the "alrighty, see ya." I'm gonna use it too. Alrighty, see ya, Arisa!

<By Retracing Your Footsteps>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Osaka - City]

Rimi: Thank you for waiting, Arisa-chan, O-Tae-chan.
Arisa: Nice~... Looks like you managed to get souvenirs...
Tae: Wait, what about Kasumi and Saya?
Rimi: They're still picking. Kasumi-chan's basket was full of souvenirs.
Arisa: Great... She better not complain about being unable to fit everything in her bag. Seriously, though, how does she manage to have so much energy...?
Tae: Tired?
Arisa: Yeah, sort of... We did do a lot of walking today.
Rimi: Do you think you can still make it to my grandmother's place? We only have to walk a little bit.
Arisa: I should be able to manage that much.
Tae: Just let me know if you can't walk anymore. I'll carry you on my back.
Arisa: There's no way I'm letting myself be humiliated like that, alright?
Rimi: ...
Tae: What's wrong, Rimi? Want me to carry you too?
Rimi: N-no, I'm fine, thanks. I'm just wondering something...
Arisa: Wondering?
Rimi: Um... That maybe all of you aren't having a good time...
Arisa: Huh? Why are you thinking that?
Arisa: You've seen how positively ecstatic Kasumi and everyone else has been, right? Even I've been having a lot of fun.
Tae: Yeah. I can't think of any reason for you to worry when we've had so much great food.
Rimi: B-but hasn't it been different from the kind of trip you had in mind?
Rimi: I mean, we haven't gone to any of the famous shops. All we've done is go to the places I used to go to... I'm just not really sure that was any fun for all of you.
Arisa: Oh, I see what you're trying to say.
Tae: No, Rimi, that's what made it so fun, and it wouldn't have been possible without you.
Tae: For me, Osaka's always been an exotic city.
Arisa: Exotic?
Tae: Yeah, a place of curiosities and mysteries, full of things I'd never seen before. I used to think it was totally different from where we live.
Arisa: It is, though, isn't it? Even when it comes to a simple shopping district, everything from the types of stores to the shapes of the signs is so different.
Tae: I know. That's why, at first, I tried to appreciate Osaka's exotic side.
Tae: But thanks to the tour you've given us today, Rimi, I've come to appreciate a different side too.
Rimi: Hm...? A different side?
Tae: Yeah. You've shown us that Osaka is the city where the old you used to live.
Tae: The park you used to spend time at, the shops you used to go to... Hearing your memories made me feel like I understood this city more.
Tae: It's funny if you think about it. I shouldn't know anything about Osaka, but instead, it feels like a place I've known all along.
Arisa: Yeah, I think I get what you're saying, O-Tae. I also feel like I've been able to view this city from your perspective, Rimi. It's, like, more familiar now.
Tae: Yup. That's why I like both the exotic Osaka and the Osaka that you used to live in.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Arisa: Exactly. There are so many things we never would've known if it hadn't been for you, and we're having a really great time.
Rimi: Fufu, I see... I feel so much better now~.
Tae: Besides, there's still more stuff to look forward to. Oh, we're close to your grandma's place, right, Rimi?
Rimi: Mm-hmm, just a bit more. Do you think you can make it, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Yeah, I feel a lot better after that quick break.
Tae: Just let me know if you get tired. I'll carry you on my back.
Arisa: Like I said earlier, no thanks!


<The Same Love Everywhere>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Downtown]

Marina: Alright, I think we should be done shopping now... Hey, over there.
Tae: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: Heya, Tae-chan. You look like you've been busy shopping.
Marina: Croquettes from Hagumi-chan's place, a Yamabuki Bakery paper bag... Shopping run, I take it?
Tae: Nope, sightseeing around Hanasakigawa.
Marina: Sightseeing?
Tae: I went sightseeing in Osaka the other day, so I thought I should do the same back here.
Marina: Ahaha... Didn't see that one coming. It does sound fun though.
Tae: It is. I've gotten to charge up on lots of Hanasakigawa energy.
Marina: So, how'd things go? Did you enjoy the music festival over there?
Tae: I totally did. I got to fully enjoy the festival and have the time of my life.
Tae: Osaka was such a fun place too. There were so many things you don't see around here, like a crab sign and streets lined with shops with "the original" in their name.
Tae: They also had takoyaki and okonomiyaki places everywhere. People there even had such a different energy level and vibe.
Tae: The air, the water, the sounds, everything was different, and that's what made it so fun.
Marina: Sounds, huh? That's something I don't think I've ever paid attention to. It's so you to notice.
Tae: Even though it was a really exotic city, it also felt really familiar thanks to Rimi showing us around.
Tae: It wasn't just all differences though. There are so many things that are similar to Hanasakigawa.
Marina: Similar?
Tae: Yeah, like how warm people are, and how they also have spots that bring joy to their daily lives.
Tae: It made me realize that loving where you live is a universal feeling.
Marina: Fufu, that's a nice similarity you discovered.
Tae: Yeah. Maybe that's what made me like Osaka even more.
Tae: Oh, by the way, Kasumi said something interesting.
Marina: What did she say?
Tae: She said she wants to do something big with us, something really big that'll give everyone sparkling, heart-pounding feelings!
Tae: She said she doesn't know yet what that something is, but she also said we'll be able to do it no matter what.
Marina: If Kasumi-chan's saying it's going to be big, then consider us excited too.
Tae: I'm also looking forward to it a lot. I wonder what's going to happen.
Marina: Yeah. Looks like we have one more thing to look forward to. Do you think you could let us know once you're about to get started?
Tae: Of course. Anyway, I think I'll be going now. I still have a stomach to fill up.
Marina: Alright, see you around, Tae-chan!
