1857_Tae Hanazono_R5 A Cavity Patient's Woes

Gacha phrase: I got a cavity...

<Tae Hanazono's Growth>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Sorry for making you come along for a shopping run on a Sunday, O-Tae.
Tae: No problem. It's not like I had any plans, and besides, I was in the mood to step out.
Tae: So, what other supplies does the student council need?
Arisa: Uh~, some tape and pens. The stationery store in the mall should...
Tae: I recommend the knick-knack shop over there then. They've got tapes with all kinds of designs that are really fun to look at.
Tae: The other day, I got this really cute bunny tape. Here, photo. This is what it looks like~...
Arisa: We're not really looking for something with a design, we just want the regular-
Tae: Oh, they also have lots of pens.
Tae: I wonder what would be good for the student council. Maybe something with an animal mascot.
Arisa: I dunno about mascots. These are student council office supplies we're talking about.
Arisa: You know, you seem to have a lot of energy today.
Tae: That's because I feel great right now!
Arisa: It's like you're not even the same person that you were the other day. Not that I blame you for being happy now that you're cavity-free...
Sayo: Hm...?
Tae: Oh, Hikawa-senpai!
Sayo: What a coincidence. Are you doing some shopping together?
Arisa: More or less, although, we're just getting student council supplies.
Sayo: I see. Thank you for spending your day off to do so.
Tae: Hikawa-senpai, you have your guitar...! Does this mean you're on your way to band practice?
Sayo: Yes, we have some tuning to do at the studio...
Tae: You're so lucky. I want to play the guitar too. Hey, Arisa, can I come to the basement after we're done shopping?
Arisa: Huh? You don't have your guitar though.
Tae: I'll swing by my place before heading to yours then. Right now, I feel like I can give my best performance ever...!
Sayo: ...
Tae: ... Hm? Is something wrong?
Sayo: No. I apologize for being rude and staring.
Sayo: I allowed my curiosity to get the better of me. It's just that you seem to be in exceptionally high spirits... so fulfilled, even.
Arisa: Oh~, about that...
Tae: You can tell?
Sayo: ... Something must have happened, I assume.
Tae: Yeah, I managed to make it through a very trying time.
Sayo: A trying time...?
Tae: There was a sound that gave me goosebumps. I couldn't stop thinking about it... I couldn't even think about my passion, music. It was a really trying time...
Sayo: In other words... are you saying you encountered such a profound performance... that it made you lose sight of your own sound...?
Tae: No, I certainly wouldn't call it a performance...
Sayo: So it was something greater then...?
Arisa: Uh, that's probably a drill she's talking about...
Tae: There were so many things that I lost sight of.
Tae: I even cried like a child in front of everyone... I feel bad for putting them through that.
Sayo: Hanazono-san, if you ended up shedding tears in front of other people...
Sayo: It must mean the experience was a very painful one for you...
Arisa: Er, Sayo-senpai...
Tae: ... I'm fine now though! I overcame everything and managed to regain control of myself!
Sayo: ... I see.
Sayo: Suffering can make one grow, and the trials that one faces can become treasures that give rise to truly great performances...
Sayo: It seems that in the short time that we haven't seen each other, you have been blessed with the opportunity to grow.
Sayo: I would love to see how it has affected the way you perform if you'll allow me to.
Tae: Perform?
Tae: ... Sure, I'd be down for that anytime.
Sayo: It seems I have some growing to do as well. Thanks to you, I feel I'll be able to practice today with even greater intensity than usual.
Sayo: Please excuse me now.
Arisa: Um, Sayo-senpai, wai-
Arisa: ... Great, she's gone.
Tae: Suffering can make a person grow, huh...? I never knew experiencing a cavity was something that could help me when I play the guitar.
Arisa: Of course not! Sayo-senpai wasn't talking about cavities, okay?!
Tae: Huh? What was she talking about then?
Arisa: What do you mean what was she talking about...?! Argh!
Arisa: It's gonna be a huge pain to sort out this mess the next time we meet! We're so doomed~!


<Scary Words>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Hmm...
Marina: ... What? Oh, did you say something to me?
Marina: Sorry, I was distracted. I've had this sore tooth since yesterday~...
Marina: Hm? Yeah. I should schedule a dentist appointment.
Tae: Gasp...?!
Marina: Oh, Tae-chan.
Tae: Whimper...
Marina: Wh-what's wrong? Are you okay?
Tae: Th-there was a really scary word just now...
Marina: Scary word...? We were just talking about the dentist...
Tae: Gasp...!
Marina: O-oh... I see what word you're talking about.
Tae: Inhale~... Exhale~... I'm sorry, ever since I was little, dentists have been the one thing I've always been afraid of.
Tae: The screams of a child coming from inside the consulting room... The drill approaching from within the bright light...!
Tae: Ngh...! I got a cavity the other day, and just the idea of having to go see a dentist scared me so much that I felt like breaking down in tears.
Marina: I-I'm sorry to hear that. Were you able to go?
Tae: Thanks to Kasumi and everyone's encouragement, I managed.
Tae: They were a huge help... They tried to come up with ways to make it possible for me to go, and they even went with me to the dentist...
Marina: Fufu, I guess Poppin'Party's team spirit came in handy, even in a situation like that.
Tae: I'm so grateful to everyone. If I had ignored the cavity, things probably would've gotten really ugly.
Marina: It was your first time going back to the dentist since you were little, though, wasn't it? Didn't the impression you had change at least somewhat?
Marina: I mean, it's not that uncommon for a place that scared you as a kid to barely even register when you go back as an adult.
Tae: ... That wasn't what happened for me.
Marina: Oh?
Tae: If anything, I realized I had been right all along to be afraid. It still fills me with a fear that's beyond any doubt.
Tae: That feeling of having a screeching drill come into contact with my tooth... and proceed to chip away... Whimper...!
Marina: Uh...
Tae: As I sat in the dental chair, every fiber of my being kept telling me to run...
Marina: Y-you don't say...
Tae: If Kasumi and everyone hadn't been in the waiting room, I don't think I would've been able to endure it.
Tae: Oh, sorry for going on like that. Anyway, I have to go to work. Bye!
Marina: S-sure...! Good luck...!
Marina: Sigh...
Marina: Um... I think I'm going to wait until tomorrow to schedule that appointment ... Ahahahaha... haha...
