1930_Tae Hanazono_R5 It's Just Me Here

Gacha phrase: (Shhh, shhh... it's the sound of snow falling.)

<How Much Longer Pt. 1>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Downtown]

Rimi: Ugh~... It's so cold today~
Saya: It's a little unusual for it to be already this cold in the evening.
Tae: Ha~. Look, my breath is pure white!
Saya: Woah. If it's this cold, it just might start snowing tomorrow.
Tae: Snow? Really!?
Saya: I don't know yet, but doesn't it usually feel like this before it snows?
Rimi: I get what you mean. It gets really cold, and gets quieter and quieter all around.
Saya: Yes, yes!  ...... And the weather forecast for tomorrow is... Aha!
Saya: Guessed it, looks like it's going to snow!
Tae: Yay! It's gonna snow!
Rimi: I wonder how much snowfall we'll get? Maybe we should get up a little earlier in the morning just in case.
Saya: That might be better.
Tae: Will it pile up? I want to make lots of snow bunnies!
Saya: Speaking of which, it really piled up in the schoolyard during that snowfall back then. It's rare for it to snow that much around here.
Rimi: Yeah, I remember that. Everyone was so restless that day, it was hard to concentrate on class…
Saya: That day, we were supposed to have a PE class, and we just had free time in the classroom because we couldn't use the schoolyard.
Rimi: Now that you mention it, I remember that. I was a little bit happy at that time...... Ehehe.
Saya: The more active ones ended up having snowball fights outside. I remember Kasumi being jealous afterwards. She was complaining that only our class got to have that much fun.
Rimi: Hehe... That's right. We all made snow bunnies during lunch break, right?
Tae: Yeah! We gave them names and even showed them to the bunnies in the rabbit hutch. They were quite well made, but...
Tae: The next day, they had already melted. I felt a little sad.
Saya: Hehe... I wonder if tomorrow will be like that as well?
Rimi: I'm sure everyone will be restless.
Saya: Especially Kasumi.
Tae: I want to make even more snow bunnies tomorrow than we did last year. I'll make tons, and turn this place into a snow bunny kingdom.
Rimi: Seems like you're already preoccupied with tomorrow, Otae-chan.
Saya: Don't have too much fun outside and catch a cold, okay?
Tae: Don't worry! I'm planning to build a snow hut to keep warm.
Rimi: Hahaha... I wonder if we can pull that off at school?
Tae: That's it! I wanna get to school early tomorrow to play the guitar!
Tae: It gets very cold on snow days, so I feel like the sound gets sharper than usual.
Tae: I'm definitely coming up with a good phrase tomorrow. Ah, why don't we take the chance to practice together?
Saya: Jeez... We have classes as usual tomorrow, you know?
Tae: Yes...
Rimi: Let's make snow bunnies together during lunch break!
Tae: Yeah! I'm looking forward to it~...  Snow, snow~♪
Rimi: I'll wear a thicker scarf than usual tomorrow. I'm sure it will be very cold.
Saya: Yeah, even more so if we're going to make snow bunnies together. You all better keep warm, alright?
Rimi: Hehe, that's true. Ugh... I wonder if I'll be able to get up tomorrow, though.
Saya: It sure gets difficult to get out of bed when it's cold~
Tae: Don't worry! I'm sure the excitement of snow will wake you right up.
Rimi: Hmm, really? I sure hope so~
Tae: Tomorrow will definitely be a special day, so I have to go home early and go to bed!
Rimi: What!? You're going to sleep right after you get home?
Tae: Yeah, that's the plan. I want to wake up early and go to school.
Saya: Ha-ha-ha. Otae, you really are looking forward to tomorrow, aren't you?
Saya: I'm also going to prepare for tomorrow and go to bed early. Just looking at Otae is getting me excited for tomorrow as well.
Rimi: Well then, I think I'll do the same~
Saya: Okay, you two, see you tomorrow.
Tae: Yeah, see you tomorrow. I'm sure tomorrow will be a special day.


<How Much Longer Pt. 2>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tae: Haaa--!
Tae: (My breath's even whiter than yesterday. It's almost like cotton candy.)
Tae: I wonder if anyone's already there in the classroom?
Tae: ......
Tae: No one here, huh?...
Tae: I'm so excited to see so much snow on the ground. What a waste being stuck here.
Tae: Guess I'll play the guitar. I came here for this after all.
Tae: Hmm? That's a breeze. Where did it come from?
Tae: One of the windows is open. I guess someone forgot to close it yesterday.
Tae: I have to close it. Oh......!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: Woah...
Tae: ...... It's beautiful.
Tae: ......
Tae: (Shhh, shhh... it's the sound of snow falling.)
Tae: (...... With no other sound in the world but that.)
Tae: (I see.)
Tae: (I'm the only one here, in this moment.)
Tae: ......
Saya: Oh, Otae. I guessed you were already here.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: ...... Saya.
Saya: Good morning. When I saw the weather today, I just couldn't hang around at home, so I ended up coming early.
Saya: I thought maybe you were already here , so I came to check, and sure enough, here you are.
Tae: Saya, come over here.
Saya: Uhm, sure...
Saya: Wow......!
Saya: The snowflakes falling in the morning glow... It's so beautiful...!
Saya: Were you looking at this view, Otae?
Tae: Yeah...
Saya: Otae?
Saya: Why do you look so sad?
Tae: Because I was the only one here.
Saya: I see. It's usually lively here, isn't it? Especially since yesterday, we were just talking about how noisy it gets on snowy days.
Tae: Yeah. And...
Tae: Such a beautiful scene, of snowfall amidst the morning glow... I felt like I'd probably never get to see it from this classroom again.
Saya: Oh...
Tae: Snow, storms, and blinding sun... All these ordinary everyday scenes, I wonder how many more times we will be able to see them from here before we graduate.
Tae: When I saw the view alone from here, I don't know how to say it, but it felt... very lonely.
Tae: I didn't feel this way when it snowed before. I've grown up a little bit, haven't I?
Saya: Yup. Maybe Otae and I both... We've matured just a little.
Saya: Hey, Otae.
Saya: Let's at least make this view a memory shared by the two of us together.
Tae: Yeah...!
Saya: It would've been nice to see it with Kasumi and the rest, but everyone else is probably still sleeping.
Saya: I guess it can't be helped if it's this cold. Hehe…
Tae: Thanks, Saya...
Saya: When everyone comes to school, let's take a picture with the five of us. To commemorate this big snow day!
Tae: Let's! But...
Tae: I also want to treasure this scene that we're looking at now. Is that okay?
Saya: Sure. And we can show it to everyone too.
Saya: So that we can look back at anytime, both scenes like today, and the ordinary scenery that we always see... All these scenery are the precious times we spent together with everyone at this school.
Saya: Okay, here we go.
Saya: Three, two, one…
(White cut)
