1951_Tae Hanazono_R5 Running Through Spring

Gacha phrase: Let's go, let's go. We've got juice, snacks, and hamburgers.

<Excitement Before The Event>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Residential Area]

Kasumi: Chocolate, cookies, and chips, right? And orange juice and tea~...
Kasumi: Hey, hey, I wonder if this is enough! Maybe we should have bought more after all!?
Arisa: No, we bought quite a few things, so it'll be fine. Besides, RiNG provides the basics, right?
Saya: Oh yeah, and there's plenty of bread, too! Look, there's this much!
Tae: Wow, so many different kinds of bread!
Rimi: Lots of chocolate coronets, too! I can't wait to eat them~.
Tae: I can't wait to try the hamburger buns, either!
Saya: Fufufu... When I told my dad I was going to view cherry blossoms, he made me bring so many presents!
Rimi: I hope everyone will enjoy your family bakery's bread.
Tae: I'm sure it'll be gone soon because it's so popular.
Arisa: Well, with this much bread, it won't be gone right away, but so many people are coming today.
Saya: Kasumi and I have called a lot of bands.
Kasumi: Because it's definitely more fun when there's a lot of people!
Rimi: Fufu, you're right. They said the graduate seniors are also coming today.
Tae: Yeah, I'm really looking forward to meeting them!
Rimi: After graduation, we have fewer chances to meet each other, so I'm glad we have this opportunity.
Rimi: I hope we can hear about all kinds of things.
Saya: I hope so. I'd like to hear about their college life.
Saya: I have some idea of what it's like to be a college student, but I'm curious to know what it's really like.
Rimi: I'd like to hear about it, too! I'm really interested in how they manage to balance college life and the band.
Tae: I have so much to talk about, too.
Tae: About the baby rabbit in the middle school that has grown up, about the many cute flowers in the courtyard...
Tae: Oh! And I have to tell them the school cafeteria menu has been slightly revamped.
Kasumi: Oh, yeah, yeah! Let's talk a lot together!
Arisa: That's fine, but O-Tae, you don't talk too much about weird stuff and embarrass the seniors, okay?
Arisa: Besides, not only are the seniors there today, but also some people we've never met before. Keep that in mind, okay?
Tae: Don't worry. If you eat hamburgers under a cherry tree, you can make friends with anyone.
Arisa: No, that's not what I'm saying... I mean, what kind of logic is that?
Rimi: Fufu. But I think O-Tae-chan would be able to make friends even with new girls right away.
Saya: Yes, and maybe I understand what O-Tae is saying.
Saya: If we eat delicious food together and look at beautiful cherry blossoms, it seems like we'll become good friends.
Kasumi: Oh, yeah! It's the magic of cherry blossom viewing!
Arisa: Well, some of the girls might be nervous, so maybe it's good to have someone like you who can go at your own pace.
Tae: Leave it to me. I'll make 100 friends today!
Kasumi: Me too!
Arisa: No, there's no way you can... well, if it's you two it might actually be possible.
Tae: Don't worry. Even if I make 100 friends, Arisa will always be my precious friend.
Arisa: Huh!? Why are you suddenly saying such embarrassing things?
Arisa: I mean, I wasn't saying anything like that!
Saya: Fufu, Arisa, your face is bright red!
Arisa: You shut up!
Tae: ... I like this kind of time.
Tae: Everyone picks their favorite food and drink, walking around while chatting...
Tae: I'm itching to go and see the cherry blossoms, but I also feel like still walking on like this... It feels like the night before a festival, or before a live show.
Kasumi: I know exactly how you feel, O-Tae~! I'm so excited and nervous right now too!
Kasumi: Hey you guys, let's give each other a hug!
Tae: It's okay! Squeeze!
Saya: Okay, me too! Squeeze!
Rimi: Squeeze♪.
Tae: Squeeze, Arisa, too!
Arisa: Hey, O-Tae! Don't suddenly hug me!
Arisa: Ah jeez! Come on, we have to get to the venue soon! Hurry up!
Tae: Yup! I'm looking forward to the sakura party.


<And So We Meet Again>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tae: Hello! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hello, Tae-chan! Did you come for self-practice today?
Tae: No, I came to see a live show. There are several bands I was interested in.
Marina: I see. Have fun~
Tae: Yeees!... Huh? Taking a closer look, CiRCLE now has a spring feel to it?
Marina: That's right~. I've decorated the door of each room with a cherry blossom motif ornament, what do you think?
Tae: They are so cute! It feels like spring has come to CiRCLE!
Marina: Fufu, thank you. We also have a spring-only menu at the café, so please drop by if you like.
Tae: Wow, what kind of menu is there? I'll go there later.
Tae: Oh. Speaking of cherry blossoms, the sakura party hosted by RiNG was a lot of fun.
Tae: While viewing the cherry blossoms, I ate a lot of hamburgers. Eating hamburgers with a great view is really special.
Marina: Wow, it must have been delicious. The weather was great, the cherry blossoms were in full bloom, and it was a perfect day for the sakura party, wasn't it?
Tae: Yes, it was. I definitely want to have hamburgers again the next time we do it again.
Tae: And I was able to meet some of the graduate seniors. It was great to get together with everyone.
Marina: You all don't have that many chances to see each other often after graduation. I'm sure everyone else felt the same way as Tae-chan.
Tae: I'd be gIad if they felt so. I hope I get to talk to Hikawa-senpai and Chisato-senpai about rabbits again.
Marina: There were a lot of bands there, but did you talk to anyone else?
Tae: Oh. When we went shopping, I happened to meet a girl named Soyo from MyGO!!!!!. We went shopping together.
Tae: Come to think of it, I forgot to eat hamburgers with Soyo. I'll have to eat with her next time I see her.
Marina: Well, so long as you are in a band, I am sure you will have another chance.
Marina: Anyway, it's really amazing that so many people came together. It was thanks to the hard work of Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan.
Tae: They both said it was a lot of fun to call a variety of bands.
Tae: But Kasumi said it was all because of music that so many people showed up. She said it was like a miracle... I really thought so too!
Tae: It is thanks to music connecting us that we could meet like this and chat happily.
Tae: I really felt the bond that music has connected us that day.
Marina: The bond that music has connected us... it's a wonderful expression.
Tae: I hope I'll have a good encounter at today's live show, too.
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure you will. Have fun at the live show!
