2001_Tae Hanazono_R5 If Your Dreams Shine

Gacha phrase: You must never say that your own feelings are wrong.

<Perfect Practice Mode!>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Park]

Rimi: Looking at it again, this park is really big.
Tae: Yeah, being able to hold a live show here is the best.
Arisa: The park manager is on board with the festival too... We seriously owe them big time.
Arisa: Alright, let's get started on figuring out the booth locations and all that.
Arisa: First, we’ve gotta think about traffic flow. There’s going to be a huge crowd that day, and if we just place things randomly, it'll be a total mess.
Rimi: The entrance is probably going to get pretty packed, so how about we set up the waiting line over there?
Arisa: Hmm, that could work. If we move the line over there, then the path for performers would be...
Tae: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Alright, that should do for now.
Arisa: Oh right, I needed to check something with the manager about the booths. I’ll be right back.
Rimi: See you in a bit.
Tae: ...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan? You've been spacing out for a while... Is something on your mind?
Tae: I was doing some image training for the performance.
Rimi: Image training?
Tae: Yeah. The stage will be set up right here, and we'll be standing there. So, I was imagining what the view would be like.
Tae: I want us to put on our best live ever, so it's important to visualize it clearly and get ready.
Rimi: Yeah, visualizing it beforehand is definitely important.
Rimi: In your mental image, how big is the audience?
Tae: In my imagination, the crowd stretches all the way to the far edge over there.
Rimi: Eh, that many people? That might be even more than the festival in Osaka...
Rimi: N-now I’m feeling a bit nervous...
Tae: It’s okay. The excitement is way bigger than the nerves, so I’m not nervous at all.
Tae: In my imagination, you’re playing bass with a big smile, Rimi.
Rimi: Really?
Tae: Yup. Saya’s drumming with a smile, Arisa and I are hyping up the crowd with our playing, and Kasumi’s singing her heart out.
Tae: And when we finish the first song, the whole crowd erupts into cheers.
Tae: We look at each other like, “We’re on fire! So glad we did this fest!” and just smile.
Rimi: Getting that much hype from the very first song... That sounds amazing. The perfect way to kick off the show.
Tae: And then we go into our member introductions.
Tae: When I start strumming my guitar for mine, a rabbit pops up from the back of the audience.
Rimi: ...Huh? A rabbit?
Tae: A whole bunch of rabbits suddenly hop out onto the scene, bouncing around all happy and even spinning in circles to dance.
Rimi: U-um... Why are there rabbits?
Tae: They're wild rabbits, drawn to us by the power of our music.
Tae: Each one is super cute, and I have to fight the urge to run over and squish their fluffiness.
Rimi: R-right... Do wild rabbits even live around here...?
Tae: Then, just as we finish all our intros and Kasumi’s about to start the second song, guess what happens...
Rimi: What?
Tae: Mortin shows up in the crowd!
Rimi: Mortin? You mean that guitarist you like?
Tae: Yeah, Mortin just happened to be passing by, heard our sound, and decided to come watch.
Tae: Naturally, he sticks around to enjoy the entire festival.
Rimi: Th-this is amazing... but it sounds super fun~
Rimi: I think I might try some image training too, so I don’t get nervous on the actual day.
Tae: Yeah, let’s do it together. We should call Arisa too.
Arisa: What are we doing?
Rimi: Ah, Arisa!
Tae: It's image training. We’ve gotta prepare if we want to give the best live ever.
Arisa: Huh? Image training?
Rimi: You should join us too, Arisa. So first, imagine we're standing on the stage right here...
Arisa: We're not setting up the stage there.
Tae: ...Huh?
Rimi: W-Wait, really?
Arisa: We said this spot might work at first, but in the end, we decided to build it over there.
Rimi: Oh... yeah, I think you're right...
Tae: Uh-oh, I imagined the wrong spot...
Rimi: Wanna try again from the top?
Arisa: I don’t really get it, but don’t start over... We’ve got other stuff to do. Let’s head back.


<Step Into an Exciting Tomorrow>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Station Entrance]

Tae: Hmm, it still looks a little crooked. Just a bit more tilt... There, perfect.
Marina: Huh? Tae-chan...?
Tae: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: What are you doing out here in front of the shop? Is that... oh, the festival poster?
Tae: Yes. We're going around asking different stores if they'll let us hang them up.
Marina: Great work. Seeing the posters going up really makes it feel like it's happening.
Tae: Yeah, it really does. It’s finally starting to feel real that we’re doing this festival.
Tae: When we were just talking about it with everyone in Poppin’Party, it didn’t feel very real.
Marina: It didn’t?
Tae: I mean, a festival is kind of a big deal, right? I never thought we’d be the ones organizing something like that.
Tae: But now that we're actually doing it, this is how it feels...
Marina: Fufu, you look like you're having a lot of fun.
Tae: Yes, I really am right now.
Marina: Right now?
Tae: Up until a little while ago, things were kind of tense in Poppin'Party, so... not so much then.
Marina: Tense...? You mean because of the whole future path stuff?
Tae: Wow, Marina-san, are you a mind reader?
Marina: Haha, not quite. Arisa-chan told me a little bit about it.
Tae: Oh, I thought maybe you could see into my head or something.
Tae: When Rimi said she wanted to study abroad, I thought that was really cool. I wanted to cheer her on. But it wasn’t the same for Arisa.
Tae: Everyone’s feelings were kind of out of sync. That’s why Arisa, Kasumi, and Rimi all got really down...
Tae: Planning your future is hard.
Tae: It’d be great if we could all stay together, but everyone has different goals.
Marina: Have you already decided what you want to do, Tae-chan?
Tae: Yes. I’ve decided to go to university while working as a studio musician.
Marina: Oh wow, that sounds perfect for you! But why studio musician?
Tae: It started with a job offer I got... but when I thought about my future, it was what made me feel the most excited.
Marina: Fufu, I see. It’s so like you not to hesitate when you feel that way.
Tae: I guess I just really value things that make me move. Maybe that’s why I don’t lose my way.
Tae: But just because that’s how I am doesn’t mean it’s the same for everyone. Everyone treasures different things. And maybe that’s why our feelings got misaligned this time.
Tae: I might not be able to fully understand, but... I do want to know what matters most to everyone.
Marina: I think it means a lot to them that you feel that way.
Tae: I hope so. I’m going to keep doing things my way, but I’ll make sure I stay close to them.
