2059_Tae Hanazono_R5 Guide Through Wonderland

Gacha phrase: I believe it’ll come true.

<A Trivial Dream Tale>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Phew~ Time for a break! Man~, snacks during practice breaks really hit the spot~!
Tae: Yeah. This rice cracker is tasty.
Arisa: If you eat too much, you’ll get sleepy. So take it easy.
Kasumi: I know~. Right, O-Tae?
Tae: Speaking of which, I had a funny dream the other day.
Kasumi: Huh? What is it, what is it? What kind of dream~?
Arisa: Whoa, that’s a sudden topic change!
Tae: Well, it’s 'cause you said something about getting sleepy.
Saya: Ahaha. But if O-Tae says a dream is "funny," it must be pretty wild, huh?
Rimi: Now I’m curious too. What kind of dream was it, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: Let’s see. Mashiro came to me while chasing a rabbit.
Tae: Then the instruments started talking, and Moca turned into me, and then into Mashiro...
Arisa: Wait... hang on. Just hearing it is confusing enough already.
Tae: And in the end, we were doing a live show at CiRCLE, and Mashiro sang alongside Kasumi as part of Poppin’Party.
Arisa: Mashiro-chan in Poppin’Party!?
Kasumi: Whaaaat!? That sounds amazing! Tell me everything~!!
Kasumi: So if Mashiro-chan sang with me, would that mean twin vocals? Like, two mic stands on stage?
Tae: Yup. You and Mashiro would be standing side by side, singing together.
Kasumi: Love it love it~. Singing in unison would be great, and we could even do a vocal relay. Singing different lyrics at the same time could be fun too!
Arisa: Oi oi... You're getting a little carried away already.
Saya: Ahaha, well, there’s no harm in imagining things, right? Plus, Kasumi hasn’t realized the most important part yet.
Kasumi: Huh? Most important part?
Arisa: Knew you didn’t notice... If Mashiro-chan joins Poppin'Party, what happens to Morfonica?
Kasumi: Oh... Right! If she’s in Poppin'Party, then Morfonica wouldn’t have a vocalist!
Kasumi: The idea of singing with Mashiro-chan as part of Poppin'Party is super exciting, but...
Kasumi: Getting to hear her sing with Morfonica at their lives is even more exciting... I don’t wanna lose that~~~!
Tae: Yeah. I think Mashiro shines brightest when she’s on stage with Morfonica.
Rimi: Uh-huh. When she’s with her Morfonica bandmates, Mashiro-chan really sparkles.
Kasumi: You’re so right~~~... Ah!!
Arisa: Wha—why are you yelling all of a sudden?
Kasumi: I just came up with a super amazing idea!
Kasumi: What if we did a joint live with Poppin'Party and Morfonica!?
Saya: A joint live? Like a versus event with Morfonica?
Kasumi: No no, not like that. A two-band live with Morfonica! We’d play together, swap songs, maybe even write a new song together!
Kasumi: Then my twin vocals with Mashiro-chan could really happen, right!?
Arisa: There you go again, casually dreaming up something huge...
Rimi: But actually, that might be a good idea. I think the fans would love seeing us in a new light.
Saya: Yeah, true. Poppin'Party and Morfonica have totally different musical styles, so it'd feel really fresh.
Kasumi: Right, right~! Okay, time to go ask Morfonica about it!
Arisa: Hold on, we haven’t agreed on anything yet!
Kasumi: What kind of flyer should we make~? Oh, should we get matching stage outfits too!? What kind should we wear~!?
Arisa: Hey! Don’t go running off on your own...!
Saya: Still, if Kasumi’s idea came true, it’d be pretty fun.
Rimi: Yeah. And Kasumi-chan looks like she’s having a lot of fun just thinking about it.
Arisa: That’s not imagination, it's delusion...
Tae: ...Fufu!
Rimi: Wah! O-Tae-chan, what’s so funny?
Tae: Sorry, it’s nothing. Just...
Tae: I was thinking reality is more fun than dreams after all.
Saya: Reality over dreams? You mean that dream you mentioned earlier?
Tae: Yeah. It was definitely a fun dream, but I feel like it still doesn’t compare to how awesome everyone is in real life.
Arisa: Are you praising us or what...?
Tae: I’m praising you. With everything I’ve got.
Tae: Anyway, isn’t our break time about over?
Kasumi: Ah, you’re right! Before planning any joint lives, we need to finish our own songs!
Arisa: Yeah, exactly. ...Alright, back to practice.
Tae: Yup, let’s do our best~!


<Even Dreams Can Be Fun>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[Downtown]

Marina: Hmm, I think that’s everything we needed to buy. Alright, let’s head back to CiRCLE.
Tae: Hmmm...?
Marina: Huh? Is that Tae-chan pacing back and forth over there?
Marina: Hey, Tae-chan!
Tae: Ah. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello! Are you looking for something, Tae-chan?
Tae: I guess I am looking for it... but also not really? I just kind of thought... maybe something mysterious might happen again if I came here.
Marina: Huh? Something strange...?
Tae: Something strange happened around here the other day. Maybe it was just a dream, but...
Tae: Things that don’t normally happen did, and I got to see a different side of people I thought I knew. It was really fun.
Tae: So I was hoping maybe it could happen again.
Marina: Ah, is this about the word rally? I heard a little bit about it.
Tae: Yeah, that’s the one. So many things happened one after another... It was really fun.
Tae: Oh, but the most fun part might have been watching Mashiro.
Marina: Eh? Mashiro-chan?
Tae: Yeah. I was with her the whole time during all those strange things.
Tae: Everything that kept happening was super fun for me, but Mashiro just seemed confused the whole time.
Marina: Well, Mashiro-chan is really earnest. I can kind of picture that.
Tae: Even though all her dreams were coming true, she didn’t look happy at all.
Tae: If it were me, and all these strange things were happening and my dreams were coming true, I’d be thrilled...
Tae: It made me realize just how differently we think. And that made Mashiro really interesting to me.
Marina: Ah... come to think of it, Moca-chan said something like that too. That you and Mashiro-chan are totally different types, but you might actually get along really well.
Tae: Eh? Moca said that? Hmm... she might be right. I had a lot of fun being with Mashiro.
Tae: Though, all of this is just a dream anyway.
Marina: But they say dreams are reflections of our subconscious. So maybe the feelings you have toward Mashiro-chan are real after all.
Tae: Subconscious... I see. That might be true.
Tae: Ah. Sorry for talking your ear off. You two were on your way back from shopping, right?
Marina: It’s fine. I really enjoyed hearing your story.
Tae: Fufu, I’m glad. Well then, I’ll be on my way.
Marina: Tae-chan’s dream story was so interesting!
Marina: But wait... didn’t Mashiro-chan say something really similar the other day? ...Which means all those strange things they both experienced... might not have been a dream at all...
Marina: Hmmmm... But if that’s true, then that’s kind of wonderful. Fufu.
