2300_Tae Hanazono_R5 A Sky for You to Run Through

Gacha phrase: Yeah, that's exactly it.

<My Way of Getting It Across>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Tae: .......... ...Hmm...
Kasumi: O-Tae~!
Kasumi: How's the lyrics coming along? Going okay?
Tae: Oh, Kasumi. ...Nope. Not at all.
Tae: I was just thinking that putting your feelings into words is really hard.
Kasumi: I get it~. Sometimes the words just come pouring out, and sometimes they don't come at all, right?
Kasumi: And once you start stressing about how it's not right, you can't think of anything for a while.
Tae: Yeah, that's exactly it. What do you do when that happens, Kasumi?
Tae: I'd love some advice from a lyrics-writing senpai.
Kasumi: Huh~? I'm not that much of a senpai... Ehehe...
Kasumi: Hmm, advice... Let's see~...
Kasumi: Oh, I know! Maybe try taking a walk, or changing where you are!
Tae: So, like, a change of pace?
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! Exactly!
Kasumi: When you're walking, you suddenly go pop! and get an idea~!
Tae: Got it. I'll try it.
Tae: Oh, right. There's somewhere I want to go, and... would you come with me too, Kasumi, if you don't mind?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Library]

Kasumi: So the place you wanted to go was the library! ...Sniffing that old-book smell in here kind of makes you feel a little smarter, doesn't it~?
Kasumi: Yeah, I can totally see you coming up with great lyrics here!
Tae: Yeah. But that's not the only reason.
Tae: Seeing Rimi studying so hard is what made me want to put my feelings into words in the first place.
Tae: I figured if I came here, I'd be able to really remember how I felt back then.
Kasumi: Oh, so that's why! Then I'm sure you'll be able to write amazing lyrics here!
Kasumi: And since it's the library, there are tons of books that might come in handy!
Tae: That might be true.
Kasumi: All right, then I'm gonna go look for some books that seem good!
Tae: Yeah, thanks.
Tae: ..........
Tae: (What kind of words would make Rimi happy?)
Tae: (What kind of words am I trying to say?)
Tae: (Yeah, like this rhythm... And the melody line...)
Tae: (...Words really are hard. Music just comes to me right away.)
Tae: ...Mmm...
Kasumi: O-Tae~! I found some!
Tae: ! Oh, thanks.
Tae: You brought back more than I expected.
Kasumi: Ehehe, I figured they might all come in handy!
Kasumi: This one's about studying abroad, and what life overseas is like!
Tae: Oh, it's an essay. Then if I read this, I can probably imagine how Rimi felt when she studied abroad.
Kasumi: And this one's a poetry collection! I thought it might help with phrasing!
Tae: I see... So this kind of thing works too. Thanks, Kasumi.
Kasumi: And then~
Tae: ..........
Tae: ...That's amazing.
Kasumi: Huh? What's amazing? Oh! Did you find something that could help?!
Tae: No, not that. I was just thinking how amazing books are.
Tae: All kinds of people try to share all kinds of feelings with someone... And they put so much thought into every word they write.
Kasumi: All kinds of feelings, huh~... Yeah, I think you might be right, O-Tae!
Tae: ...I feel like I might be able to write something. Because there's something I want to say to Rimi.
Kasumi: Uh-huh, uh-huh! I bet you can write some really wonderful lyrics, O-Tae!
Tae: I might not be able to write as well as the people who wrote this book, but...
Tae: Even so, I'm going to think about the words I really want to say.
Tae: ...Instead of stopping and worrying, I'll try moving forward while I think.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<If Only I Could Give You a Push>

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: It’s a little quiet today~. Maybe I’ll do a more thorough cleaning than usual.
Tae: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Oh, Tae-chan. Hi. Huh, did you have a reservation today?
Tae: No. I’m on my way to my part-time job, but I thought I’d stop by for a bit.
Marina: Oh, I see. Fufu, I’m happy you came by.
Marina: Oh yeah, I heard you gave Rimi-chan a song the other day?
Tae: Yeah. It started when Kasumi said, “Let’s throw a surprise party for Rimi.”
Tae: So we decided to get a present together, and we were thinking of all kinds of ideas for what would be good...
Tae: But then, watching Rimi work toward her goals, I started feeling all sparkling, heart-pounding...
Tae: And I thought I wanted to turn that feeling into a song and share it with her.
Marina: Fufu, that really does sound like you, Tae-chan. But wasn’t it hard to come up with a song like that?
Tae: It was super hard!
Tae: This time, I asked if I could write the lyrics too, so I tried my hand at that, but...
Tae: Trying to put exactly what I felt into lyrics was pretty tough.
Tae: But with Kasumi and the others helping me out, I packed it with all the things I wanted to tell Rimi.
Marina: fufu, I see. Sounds like it turned out just the way you wanted.
Tae: Yeah. I searched for lyric ideas with Kasumi in the library, and looked back on my memories with Rimi...
Tae: I kept thinking about what words might give Rimi that extra push.
Marina: I seee. Rimi-chan's hard work gave you a big boost too, huh?
Tae: Ah, you're right. Maybe I'm the one who got a push in the back.
Marina: fufu, that might be. Rimi-chan must've been really happy, right?
Tae: Yeah! She was super happy!
Marina: A song made just for you is something special. I'm getting jealous myself.
Tae: Then next time, maybe I'll have everyone in Poppin'Party make a cheer song for you, Marina-san.
Marina: Really? fufu, thank you!
Tae: Oh, it's almost time for my shift. See you again soon.
Marina: Yeah. Take care, and see you later!
