event262-02 Chapter 1: Those Who Gathered At the Bowl

As they set out to prepare for the festival, fate seems to guide new companions to their side.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tomoe Udagawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Masuki Sato)

[A Few Days Later]

Tomoe: All right, time for a strategy meeting.
Tomoe: Let’s make a ramen that’ll blow the boss and the customers away!
MASKING (Masuki): Easy for you to say.
MASKING (Masuki): The boss spent years perfecting the taste of this place through ramen research.
MASKING (Masuki): Just because we work here part-time doesn’t mean we can whip up something like that so easily.
Tomoe: Yeah, it’s not gonna be simple.
Tomoe: But hey, I’ve got you—someone who’s been at Galaxy Ramen longer than I have and seen more of the boss’s cooking.
Tomoe: That’s why I think we’ll manage.
MASKING (Masuki): ...Heh. I can’t tell if you’re reckless or just optimistic.
MASKING (Masuki): Not that I dislike that about you.
Tomoe: Better to face forward than dwell on doubts. Anyway, let’s focus on the ramen.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. But even so, where do we even start with a brand-new ramen...?
Tomoe: Hmm... I guess the impact of soup is the key, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Well, the soup sets the foundation of the flavor.
MASKING (Masuki): We could kaeshi with the shop’s usual tare and try something different with the dashi?
Tomoe: Dashi, huh… That’d be pork bones, beef bones... Oh! I know! Let’s go check out that place!
MASKING (Masuki): That place...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Welcome!
Hagumi: Oh hey, Tomo-chin, Masukin! Are you here for some croquettes?
MASKING (Masuki): Nah. Not today. We’re looking for something else.
Tomoe: Hey, Hagumi. Do you have any pork bones or beef bones?
Hagumi: Bones? What do you two need bones for?
Tomoe: Actually, at Galaxy Ramen...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ...so yeah, that’s what happened.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: We’re the ones making the new ramen now.
Hagumi: Whoa, really? That’s so cool!
Hagumi: Oh! In that case, I wanna help out with the ramen festival too!
Tomoe: Huh...? What do you mean by that...?
Hagumi: I’ve learned a lot about meat from my dad, so I think I can really help!
Hagumi: Oh, and on the day of the festival, I’ll work as staff too!
Tomoe: R-Right, we’ve only been thinking about making the ramen, but... if we’re the ones cooking, then we’ll definitely need someone handling the orders.
MASKING (Masuki): Including us, I’d say we can manage with four... no, five people.
MASKING (Masuki): You sure about this, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Of course! I know how much you two love Galaxy Ramen.
Hagumi: That’s why I want to support you both!
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks, Hagumi! We’re definitely going to make this a success together!
???: —Huh, not the group I expected to see together.
Tomoe: Oh, Arisa. Out shopping?
Arisa: Yeah, we decided to have some of Kitazawa’s croquettes for dinner, so I came to pick some up.
Hagumi: Welcome! The croquettes are freshly fried!
Arisa: Thanks. So, what are you three up to?
(Black cut)
Arisa: A ramen festival, huh…
Arisa: Well, in that case, we’ll all come to check it out on the day. Good luck, you three. Anyway, about those croquettes...
Hagumi: Hey, Aa-chan, want to help out with me too?
Arisa: Huh?
MASKING (Masuki): H-Hey, Hagumi, what are you suddenly saying...?
Hagumi: Helping out at Galaxy Ramen would be super fun, I just know it!
Arisa: N-No way, I’m just a total amateur. I’d only get in the way.
Tomoe: Actually, your calm and objective feedback might help us make even better ramen.
Arisa: You’re giving me too much credit. I don’t think there’s anything I could actually contribute to ramen-making...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, we shouldn’t force her. I’m sure the boss wouldn’t want that either.
MASKING (Masuki): I want to fulfill her longtime dream in the way she’d truly hope for.
Arisa: Ugh... now you’re making it hard to say no... Well, if it’s okay even if I’m not that helpful...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
???: Meow.
Arisa: Huh?
