event102-04 Chapter 3: For New Friends

Kasumi has an idea to collect toys. The members of Poppin'Party help her put together the plan.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[A Few Days Later]

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kasumi: ...So basically, that's what I want to do. What do you think?
Rimi: It's a great idea! I'm sure the kids will love it!
Saya: I thought so too, so yesterday I made this with O-Tae. Take a look.
Kasumi: Is this a poster?! Hm... "Give Us Your Old Toys!" This is great! Really great!
Tae: The art was done by yours truly. The model was our little bunny friend.
Kasumi: It's super-duper cute~. If we put this up in a really visible spot around school, everyone will have to notice!
Arisa: Seriously though, how'd you come up with the idea of collecting old toys and donating them to kids?
Kasumi: Fufu~♪ It was all thanks to Aa-chan~.
Kasumi: If we go around to all the classrooms and explain to everyone what's going on, we should be able to collect a decent amount, don't you think?
Saya: Yeah, let's all do it as a group. Before homeroom in the morning would work.
Tae: I know some people in the middle school, so I'll talk to them, too.
Kasumi: O-Tae, thanks! Our plan just keeps on growing bigger and bigger~♪
Arisa: Anyway, did everyone bring something today? We all agreed we'd have something to show today, right?
Saya: I brought... this. A stuffed animal.
Kasumi: Huh? Saya, you brought something too?! But you've got Jun-jun and Sanan at home, don't you? Don't they still play with toys?
Saya: Well, that's true, but it just didn't feel right not to pitch in.
Saya: I really like this plan, so I want to do my part, too.
Kasumi: That makes me really happy to hear... But this toy doesn't mean anything special to you, does it? I just fixed up an old stuffed animal of mine the other day. Is this really okay?
Saya: Of course it is! Plus, those two don't really seem all that interested in my old stuffed animals anyway, so I was thinking it'd be better off with kids that would actually play with it.
Kasumi: Saya, you're so nice~! Ooh, gosh, you're the best!
Saya: H-hey... The toy's getting all squished between us. Don't you feel bad for it...? Fufufu.
Saya: I'm planning on bringing some more toys we don't need anymore, but I figured I'd start with this.
Rimi: I brought something too! Look!
Kasumi: Oh! That's the compact we were talking about before! You found it!
Rimi: It was packed up in the back of one of our closets. I swapped out the batteries and it still works, see?
Kasumi: Wow, it lit up~! That's right, there were lights around the mirror part! How nostalgic~!
Rimi: My big sister and I used to play with this all the time. I asked her if it was okay to donate just in case, and she said yes.
Saya: Wow~, I'm surprised. You seem like you'd be more into stuffed animals, not stuff like this.
Rimi: Well, I do like stuffed animals, but my big sister really liked this sort of stuff, so I guess I grew to like them too.
Arisa: Yuri-senpai would like stuff like this~.
Tae: I brought this rabbit family. This is the dad, and this one's the mom. The rest are the kids.
Arisa: Whoa! You brought the entire den.
Kasumi: Oh, I've got a castle version of this set! I found it the other day, along with a whole bunch of animals!
Arisa: Ah, everybody had some of these, right? Even I had some. They're like the stereotypical kids toy.
Tae: So you see, this one's Poko-chan, and this one's Run-run. And this one's-
Arisa: Wait, wait, wait! There's no way we're gonna remember any of them if you just start rattling names off like that! I still have trouble remembering all of your real rabbits!
Rimi: Arisa-chan, what did you bring? I've been wondering this whole time.
Arisa: Me? I mean, it's nothing special... See? Just a doll.
Kasumi: Ah~, I had one of these! I found mine the other day, too! Its hair was super tangled so I gave it a good combing!
Arisa: Wait, Kasumi... First the stuffed animal and the compact, then the animals, and now this doll.. You seriously had all of the same toys we had?
Kasumi: ... Whoa! Now that you mention it, you're right! I guess that means we're all on the same wavelength!
Rimi: Fufufu, it was always nice when you found someone else with the same toy as you, wasn't it?
Saya: We've managed to gather a pretty good amount just between the five of us. If the whole school gets in on this, don't you think it's going to be pretty hard to carry them all?
Kasumi: Hm~... Oh! Then how about we make a collection box and have everyone leave their toys in that?
Rimi: Good idea! But we'd probably have to ask the student council for permission... What do you think, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Next chance I get, I'll ask them. We'll probably be fine though.
Kasumi: Yay! Then let's get started making that collection box!
All: Okay!
