event102-03 Chapter 2: Because It's Precious

Kasumi brings out the toys she played with long ago. She and Asuka talk about the past.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama)

[Night]

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi: Ah~, my animal castle! I remember this! Now this brings back memories~!
Kasumi: If I remember right, the flag on top was bent... Ah, yeah, it is....
Asuka: Hm? Sis? What're you doing?
Kasumi: Hey, Aa-chan! Do you remember this? It's our animal castle! We used to play with this all the time~!
Asuka: Why'd you drag that old thing out of storage? ... You aren't planning on playing with it, are you?
Kasumi: Of course not~. I was thinking I'd get all our broken toys fixed.
Asuka: Now? Why?
Kasumi: We all went to a toy hospital today, and there were all sorts of toys there. When I saw them, I felt like I should get ours fixed, too.
Asuka: Hm... Nope, don't get it. Why were you even at a toy hospital in the first place?
Kasumi: Well actually, you see, I was at Arisa's place when...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: So it made me think that I should take better care of all my toys, too.
Asuka: So that's what's going on. I thought you were seriously planning on playing with them again.
Kasumi: Ooh, then is it time for playtime with your big sis?
Asuka: Pass.
Kasumi: Ahaha, I'm just kidding. Instead of playing, do you wanna help me fix them?
Asuka: Umm... I've got homework...
Kasumi: Ah, hey, look at this stuffed animal! We used it as our customer whenever we would play store, right?
Kasumi: Huh? Now that I look at it, one of its arms is a little frayed. Don't you feel bad leaving it like this?
Asuka: Sigh... When you put it like that, how am I not supposed to help out...?
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Um... So should I just start sewing from here?
Asuka: No, that's not it, let me see it.
Kasumi: Thanks, Aa-chan! Then I'll comb this doll's hair nice and straight~. Aw, look how tangled it's gotten...
Asuka: You really liked that doll, didn't you? Wasn't there a dress around here for her, too?
Kasumi: You're right! There was a princess dress! I'll have to look for that later!
Asuka: If there's any tears in it, let me know. I'll sew them right up.
Kasumi: Ooh, Aa-chan, you're so reliable♪
Asuka: You still suck at sewing, huh?
Kasumi: You think so? That thing I made during class last time turned out pretty well, though. I showed it to you when I was done, remember?
Asuka: I bet you had someone in your band help you out, didn't you? Probably... Saya-san, right?
Kasumi: Oh, you got it in one guess♪ Ehehe.
Kasumi: Sigh... It's been a while since we've talked like this.
Asuka: Has it?
Kasumi: It has~... Ah! Maybe this is a thank-you present from the toys to us!
Asuka: You really are a dreamer, aren't you~...? Fufufu.
Kasumi: Thinking about it though, there really are a lot of memories packed into each of these toys. Like this toy, for example. I see this scratch and remember how it happened~.
Asuka: You were always that kid, remember? You would cry whenever your toys broke.
Kasumi: Well, I mean... Of course I would, wouldn't I?
Asuka: Once, when you broke a toy you borrowed from me, I remember you were holding back tears as hard as you could.
Kasumi: I forgot about that~.
Asuka: Well, I haven't.
Asuka: But seriously, what are you planning on doing with these toys after they're fixed? You're too old for them now.
Kasumi: Hm~, I haven't thought that far yet. I was just thinking about how sad it would be to leave them broken.
Asuka: Then what about giving them to Saya-san? She's got a little sister and brother, right?
Kasumi: Oh yeah~, Saya's place... Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
Kasumi: ... Hm? Wait a second...  Then we might as well...
Kasumi: I just got a great idea!
Asuka: H-hey, why'd you take out your phone?!
Kasumi: Hehe~, there's something I need to tell everyone! And you're the one who helped me realize it, Aa-chan~. Thanks♪
Asuka: Sigh~, I still don't get it.
