event102-02 Chapter 1: The Tin Toy

The members of Poppin'Party talk about who made the noise from the previous day. Tae and Saya also begin to show excitement toward the toy...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Saya: Huh? ... So it was Arisa's grandma that made the noise?
Arisa: Grandma was bringing that wind-up toy to show it to us, but a customer suddenly showed up, so she just set the toy down and left.
Saya: Ah, so that's what happened~. Fufufu, thank goodness~. I was getting all nervous expecting some sort of ghost story.
Kasumi: Arisa, you're so mean~. I can't believe you thought I did it! I didn't touch anything!
Arisa: I said I was sorry, didn't I? I'm just saying, you did already steal Random Star from our storage shed.
Kasumi: I didn't steal that~. I was just borrowing it~.
Rimi: Fufufu. But now that I think about it, it's hard to imagine there could be anything scary about something that cute, huh?
Kasumi: Yup! A bunny with a drum! It was adorable!
Tae: Huh?! The toy was a rabbit? I wanna see!
Arisa: I knew that'd tip off your rabbit radar. I figured this would happen so... Here. I brought it with me.
Kasumi: Ooh, Arisa, look at you! You're so prepared~. Look, look! It's cute, right? Yes you are♪
Tae: Oh, wow, you're right... What is this? It's so adorable... Now I want one.
Rimi: Old toys have their own unique charm, don't you think? It's fun just looking at them.
Kasumi: I know, right?! If you had this sitting in your room, people would definitely think you've got good taste!
Arisa: There's actually a bunch of people that collect this sorta stuff, too.
Saya: Hey, I kind of want to see it bang on that drum. You know, as a fellow drummer and all.
Tae: Me too!
Arisa: Ah, you see, after taking a look at it, its main spring seems to be broken, so no matter how much you wind it up, nothing happens.
Kasumi: What...? So it can't drum at all, then...
Arisa: Well, it does look pretty old. Not surprising that it's got a few broken parts.
Kasumi: Even so... Don't you feel kinda bad leaving it broken? I wonder if we could fix it somehow.
Tae: I agree, I bet this lil' guy wants to bang on its drum, too!
Arisa: Projecting much, you two? And there's no way amateurs like us could fix something like this.
Rimi: ... Oh. That reminds me, I think there are places that specialize in fixing toys. I remember my mom took me to one once when I was a kid.
Tae: Then let's take it there!
Rimi: Um, O-Tae-chan... I went there back when I was little before I moved. That shop's in Kansai...
Kasumi: Oh, well, then I guess we have no choice... So when are we leaving for Kansai?
Arisa: W-wait, hold on! We don't have to go to Kansai to find one of those shops!
Kasumi: We don't?
Saya: I'm sure something will come up if we look it up on our phones. Let's see... "Toy repair." And... Search.
Saya: Ah, see? Here, look. There are plenty of shops around us, too.
Kasumi: Wow, you're right!
Rimi: Oh, evidently they're called toy hospitals. It says they don't "fix" toys, they "heal" them. I kind of like that~. It's sweet.
Kasumi: Then let's take it to get healed there! Where's the closest shop to us?
Saya: Um~... Hold on a second... Ah, probably this one. We'd still have to take the train, though.
Kasumi: The train, huh~...? Then today's not gonna work. How about we all get together and go on our next day off?
Tae: Sounds good to me! I need to see its drumming skills! Don't you guys wanna see it play?
All: Yeah! Sure...
Kasumi: Okay! Then this weekend, let's all go to the toy hospital!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day Off]

[Toy Hospital]

Kasumi: Wow~, so this is what a toy hospital looks like~... I thought it'd look more like a laboratory than this.
Rimi: Fufufu, the doctors aren't wearing white coats, either.
Tae: So it'll take a week to fix... I wanted to see it move now...
Arisa: Well, nothing we can do about it if there are no available appointments. They said they'd have to order a new spring, too.
Kasumi: So are all these toys here waiting to get looked at? There are so many.
Tae: Hey, don't you think this doll over here looks kind of like Arisa?
Saya: Which one? ...Oh, I think I know what you mean~. Arisa totally looks like this when she gets all embarrassed.
Arisa: What~?! I do not!
Saya: Yeah, just like that. See?
Arisa: Oh, shut up!
Rimi: Ah, this toy compact takes me back~. I used to have one of these.
Kasumi: Me too! I used to pretend I could transform using this with Aa-chan! Talk about a blast from the past!
Kasumi: Mine broke right away, but it looks like there are people that care enough about theirs to bring it here to get fixed~. That kinda makes me feel bad for mine~...
Rimi: I wonder if I'd be able to find mine. I think I saw it while we were moving...
Kasumi: I'll look for mine when I get home too!
