event102-07 Ending: The Tone of Appreciation

On a search for the toy's friends, they find themselves at the toy museum. They find many toys on display.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Toy Museum]

Kasumi: Wow~. Look at all these toys~.
Rimi: Yeah, this is amazing! There are so many, old and new!
Saya: Well, it is a toy museum after all~. Look, there are some foreign toys over there.
Tae: They've got rabbits here, too! Whoa, and over there! Oh no, what am I going to do? I want to take them all home...
Arisa: Yeah, this seems like the kind of place collectors would go crazy for.
Kasumi: There's a pretty good amount of people here. They're all smiling too, whether they're kids or adults.
Rimi: Even if they can't be picked up or played with, the toys are still entertaining people.
Saya: Maybe I should bring my family here next time. I think my dad would get a kick out of this place since they've got toys from various generations.
Arisa: Hey, Kasumi~. I think that's the tin toy corner. There's a bunch of them over there.
Kasumi: You're right! Our bunny's friends might be there too! Let's take a look!
(Black cut)

[Tin Toy Corner]

Kasumi: So? Do you see our bunny's friends anywhere?
Rimi: If I remember correctly, there was a guitar-playing squirrel and a piano-playing cat, right? Hm~... I don't see anything like that.
Saya: Looks like that person over there works here. Why don't we ask them?
Kasumi: Okay! Excuse me, we've got a question!
Staff: What can I help you with? ... Oh? What's that in your hand...?
Kasumi: This was actually what we wanted to ask you about! We're looking for this bunny's friends. Would you happen to know anything about them?
Staff: Hm, could that be...? Excuse me, could you wait  here for a moment?
(Black cut)
Kasumi: These are...!
Rimi: The bunny's friends!
Arisa: They actually had them...
Staff: They've been here at the museum for a while, but we couldn't locate the last one in the set, so we never put them out.
All: What?!
Kasumi: The last one... You mean, this rabbit?
Kasumi: Um, guys, I just thought of something!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: This is how bands should be, right~?
Arisa: Are you really okay with donating the bunny to the museum, though?
Kasumi: Things are better this way! Now that the three of them are reunited, they can all go on display together, and everyone who comes to the museum can have fun looking at them!
Rimi: I agree. I'm sure the bunny's happier this way, too.
Kasumi: And you can't have a band missing a member! Everyone's gotta stick together!
Tae: Just like us.
Saya: They've got the drums, a guitar, and a piano. Hopefully they'll be able to jam as much as they want now.
Arisa: If you're all okay with it, then I guess I am too. We'll have to come back and visit them sometime.
Kasumi: Yeah, definitely!
Kasumi: Well, should we get going? ... You three be good to each other, okay?
Kasumi: ... Huh? Did you see it hit its drum just now?
Arisa: Yeah, I saw it too! Did someone wind it up?
All: ...
Rimi: Fufufu... It might have been trying to say thank you to you, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: C'mon, there's no way~!
Rimi: If you think about it  that way, maybe that sound you heard in the basement was the bunny trying to get you to find it...
Kasumi: No way! There's absolutely no way! Cut it out, Rimi-rin. Ahaha...
Kasumi: Ah, before we leave, I gotta tell it something! ... Thanks to you, I've come to love toys even more. Thank you...
Kasumi: Okay then, until next time!
