event102-06 Chapter 5: What a Nice Sound♪

The members of Poppin'Party head to the toy hospital. Kasumi seems to be bursting at the seams with emotions...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[On The Train]

Kasumi: Hm~, we're getting closer to the station for the toy hospital, right?
Saya: I think it's the next stop.
Kasumi: Gotcha~. I wish this train could go faster~.
Arisa: Kasumi, you're getting too worked up about this. Calm down a little, will you?
Kasumi: But I'm just so excited~.
Tae: I can't wait to see our bunny perform♪
Rimi: I can't believe it's already been a week since we took it in for repairs. It's strange. It feels like it took a long time, but also like it didn't take any time at all...
Saya: I know what you mean. We collected toys, sorted them, and then did all that searching through Arisa's basement... We've been busy all week.
Arisa: You really think they can fix all of these toys? Look at how big these bags are. Not to mention we're bringing three of them.
Kasumi: No worries. They told me it'd be fine on the phone!
Kasumi: More importantly though, I'm worried about our little drummer buddy! I hope it's all better now~.
Kasumi: You know what this reminds me of? It feels like when your parents just bought you a toy, and you're waiting to get home.
Rimi: I totally know what you mean. Looking at the toy box would get you all excited, and you just couldn't wait to open it!
Kasumi: Yeah, exactly!
Arisa: I remember wanting to hold the box myself too, even if it was heavy.
Saya: Fufufu, I was like that too~. It's amazing how much excitement toys can bring you.
Tae: ... Ah. You know what else this feels like? It reminds me of what happens before one of our concerts.
Kasumi: Ooh, O-Tae, that's a good one! This totally feels like before we get on stage! Right, Arisa?!
Arisa: Well, I guess I get it. More or less.
Saya: Now it all makes sense~... This excitement must be why we all like being in a band so much~.
Rimi: Even as high schoolers, we can get the same excitement from our shows that we got from toys as kids... We're pretty lucky, huh?
Arisa: ... Hm? And just like that, we're here. C'mon, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toy Hospital]

Staff: Here's the toy you left with us.
Kasumi: How is it...? Is it all better?
Staff: The spring and gear for the key on the back were pretty worn, so we replaced them. It's as good as new now, though. No need to worry.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~!
Rimi: Good for you, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: Y-yeah...
Tae: Hurry and wind it up! I need to hear that drumming!
Kasumi: Right♪ Okay, then I'm gonna wind him up now~.
Kasumi: That should do it. Now then, the moment you've all been waiting for! Our veteran drummer's show is about to start!
Kasumi: Whoa~! It sounds pretty good~!
Tae: It does! It's so cute~!
Saya: Look at it go!
Rimi: Fufufu, I like how it moves! It looks like the bunny's putting its all into each hit!
Arisa: Saya, you better watch out. Your drumming's good, but this bunny might end up as your rival.
All: Hahaha!
Staff: Seeing you all so happy makes my work worth it. I'm sure the toy is happy, too.
Staff: We'll make sure to give all of the toys you brought today the same treatment, so please look forward to their recovery!
Kasumi: We will! Thank you so much!
Kasumi: Ah, that's right... Um, I have a question! It looks like this little bunny is part of a three-piece set. Do you know anything about the other two?
Kasumi: It feels wrong to leave it all alone now that we know it has friends.
Staff: Hm~... I just fix toys, so I don't know much about that sort of stuff... But if you go here, you might be able to find something. The location is marked on this flyer.
Kasumi: This flyer... Isn't this a toy museum?
Rimi: It looks like they've got a bunch of toys on display... Kasumi-chan! Why don't we go take a look? It really does seem like we might be able to find something there.
Kasumi: Yeah, you're right! Okay, then let's go to the toy museum!
(Black cut)
