event102-05 Chapter 4: Increased Kindness

The girls organize the toys they've gathered, and they feel the joy of broadened experiences.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Weekend]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Um... This needs to get fixed up a little first... I'll just put you in this bag over here~...
Rimi: I still can't believe that the toy hospital was willing to help us out. They're going to fix all of the broken toys we collect, right?
Kasumi: Yeah, I'm so thankful to them~.
Saya: Fufufu, I'm sure your love for toys got across to them. How many times did you bow while you were on the phone with them?
Tae: Hey, what do you think about this toy xylophone? It sounds a little flat right here...
Arisa: Hm~, it doesn't seem that bad, but... throw it in the repairs bag, just in case.
Tae: Sounds good.
Kasumi: Phew~, look at all the toys we were able to collect in just one week. If we're gonna take them to the hospital tomorrow, we should make sure to sort them properly while we can.
Saya: There were people that said they'd bring their stuff next week, too. Including me, by the way.
Kasumi: Thank goodness. I'm so glad everyone's pitching in!
Rimi: Our collection box was so full, it looked like it was going to spill over.
Arisa: Oh yeah, that's right. When I told Grandma about our plan yesterday, she offered to let us take that drummer bunny.
Kasumi: What?!
Arisa: She said she wanted to help, too.
Kasumi: Wow~, your grandma's the best! I'll have to thank her later!
Saya: Yeah. We'll all thank her together.
Rimi: First the school, then the toy hospital, and now Arisa-chan's grandma... Kasumi-chan, your project just keeps getting bigger and bigger.
Tae: And I bet it's only gonna keep growing from here. Kasumi's got that sort of power.
Kasumi: I hope it does~. I'm sure the toys are super happy that they're going to get played with again, too!
Arisa: Ah, I just remembered. Grandma said the box that that bunny came in is somewhere around here.
Kasumi: There's a box?! C'mon everyone, let's look for it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ryuseido - Storage]

Arisa: Ka-su-mi~, I told you to watch it! If you're gonna stand on something, at least get someone to spot you!
Kasumi: I'm fine~. You worry too much, Arisa~. Hm, what about back here...? Nope~.
Tae: Hey, Saya. You think it'd be okay if I moved this plate?
Saya: H-hold on, O-Tae, stop! You shouldn't touch that! Actually, definitely don't touch that!
Tae: Huh? Why?
Saya: I saw a plate just like that on TV the other day...
Rimi: I-I see. That does sound dangerous... O-Tae-chan, why don't we take a look over here?
Tae: Good idea. Thanks, Rimi.
Kasumi: There really is all kinds of stuff stored in here, huh? I found Random Star here too.
Saya: First Random Star, and now our drummer bunny... Kasumi, this storage space might actually be a pretty special meeting place for you.
Kasumi: You might be onto something there! I met Arisa here too, after all!
Arisa: Don't lump me in with that junk!
Arisa: And are you guys actually looking?
Rimi: Hm...? There's something on top of that shelf... O-Tae-chan, can you reach it?
Tae: No problem... There we go... Okay, got it.
Rimi: Ah... Isn't this the box we've been looking for?
Kasumi: What?! You found it?!
Rimi: It's covered in dust so I can't read it that well, but this kind of looks like a rabbit ear, doesn't it?
Tae: It does! That's definitely a rabbit ear, for sure.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, could I borrow that rag for a second? I'll wipe it down.
Kasumi: Ah, that's definitely it! That's the bunny, for sure!
Rimi: Huh...? I see the rabbit with the drum, but there are other animals on here, too...
Kasumi: Is that... a guitar-playing... squirrel?
Rimi: And I think this one's a piano-playing... cat?
Saya: A guitar and piano...? Does that mean our bunny is actually part of a set?
Kasumi: I see...! So our bunny was actually part of a band this whole time!
