event102-01 Opening: Who Opened the Door?

Rimi and Kasumi study in the basement. Then, they hear the sound of the door opening...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Sorry, Rimi-rin~. You came all this way just to help me with my homework...
Rimi: It's okay. It's due tomorrow, right? I've got some stuff I need to review for cram school anyway, so it all works out.
Kasumi: Saya and O-Tae said they were already done, huh~?
Rimi: They finished early because they've got stuff to do, don't they? Saya-chan needs to help out at the bakery, and O-Tae-chan said she has work.
Kasumi: I see~. So the only one who's not done yet is me...
Rimi: What time is Arisa-chan coming? Did she have student council duties today?
Kasumi: Looks like it. But she said it shouldn't take too long, so she should be here any minute! Ah! Hey, after I finish my homework, why don't we all go out somewhere?
Rimi: Sure! I heard there's a new knick-knack shop that opened up downtown. Why don't we go there?
Kasumi: Totally, let's go! Actually, why don't we sneak a visit in before we get to this homework?!
Rimi: You know we can't do that~. Fufufu...
Kasumi: Ah! Is that Arisa? That was the door upstairs just now, right?
Rimi: Yeah, it looks like she's back. Where did you say you needed help? Why don't you get it ready for her?
Kasumi: Good idea! That way we can get finished faster, too! Um~, I need her to help me out with this printout~... Oh, and I didn't get this question, either! Or this one!
Rimi: Fufufu. Arisa-chan's a really good teacher, so I'm sure you'll figure them out right away.
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Arisa's sure taking her time up there...
Rimi: I wonder what's going on. It's been a while since we heard that noise upstairs.
Kasumi: Is she doing something up there? If she doesn't hurry, we won't have time to go downtown anymore~. Hold on a second, I'll go see what's the matter.
Kasumi: Arisa~, c'mon~. If you don't hurry, my homework's gonna... huh?
Rimi: Hm? What's wrong, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: There's no one upstairs... Huh? We did hear something a few minutes ago, right?
Rimi: Yeah, I heard it too. It was like a creaking sound.
Arisa: Sorry I'm late~. Sigh, It's freezing out~.
Kasumi: Whoa, Arisa!
Arisa: Wah! Wh-what's wrong? What's with all the yelling?
Kasumi: Arisa, what were you doing upstairs? I went to look for you and you weren't there!
Arisa: Huh? What are you talking about? I just got back.
Arisa: And Kasumi, you were messing with this tin wind-up toy, weren't you? I found it by the doorway upstairs.
Arisa: I'm not gonna say you can't look at them, but if you take something out, you could at least put it back when you're done, couldn't you?
Kasumi: Huh? It wasn't me. I've never seen that toy before! Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yeah, we didn't touch anything, and that wasn't there when we got here, either...
Arisa: Huh? Really? Then, who...?
Arisa's Grandma: Arisa~, could you come here for a second?
Arisa: Ah, that's Grandma. Sure, hold on, I'll be right up~. I'll be right back, okay?
Kasumi: Okay...
(Black cut)
Rimi: But seriously, this toy definitely wasn't there before, right?
Kasumi: Y-yeah, it wasn't. We'd definitely have noticed if it was!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... What if that sound we heard before... came from...?
Kasumi: Huh?! Hold on, are you about to say something spooky?
Rimi: You've heard stories like this before, though, haven't you? Like when dolls suddenly start moving, or when their hair starts actually growing... What if this toy is-
Kasumi: W-whoa, stop, stop! Quit it! I'm really bad with scary stuff!
Arisa: What's going on?
Kasumi: Aaah~! D-don't scare me like that~!
Arisa: I was just talking normally. Chill out. What's gotten into you?
Kasumi: That's...
(Black cut)
Arisa: Ahaha, I see, so that's what's going on. You thought that sound you heard was the toy opening the door, huh?
Kasumi: This isn't something to laugh about! I definitely heard something! Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yeah, a creaking sound...
Arisa: Then that must've been...
