event179-02 Chapter 1: Buds Waiting to Bloom

Everyone changes into their waiter's uniforms. MASKING thinks Rui is cold.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[KT Smile - Café]

Kaoru: Now, has everybody finished getting dressed?
Tomoe: Yeah, but...
MASKING (Masuki): This is...
Rui: ... It's quite the flamboyant outfit.
Kaoru: Just as I predicted, my decision to select you four was the correct one. The garments suit you all perfectly.
LAYER (Rei): These look more like costumes than work uniforms. It almost feels like we're part of a school festival.
Tomoe: I'll say! Thinking about it like that makes it kinda exciting!
MASKING (Masuki): For sure. It'd be a waste not to have fun.
Kaoru: Absolutely. In the words of the Bard, fools ought to dance together...
Rui: Shakespeare said no such thing.
Kaoru: All sayings can be traced back to Shakespeare... It is, but that.
Rui: Right...
MASKING (Masuki): Rui, you look bummed out. Aren't ya havin' fun bein' in a cool place like this?
Rui: I am not here for my own amusement.
MASKING (Masuki): What I mean is-
Rui: More importantly, Seta-san, I wish to check myself in the mirror.
Kaoru: Ah, there is one over there. Shall I escort you?
Rui: No, that won't be necessary.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
LAYER (Rei): Rui-chan is a little frosty.
Tomoe: I didn't expect to hear that from you, LAYER...
MASKING (Masuki): Geez, what's her problem? Why'd she accept Kaoru-san's invitation, anyway?
Kaoru: Naturally, she turned it down at first. However, as I gave details of the ship's amenities, a certain program caught her attention.
Tomoe: You don't say. What could possibly have grabbed Rui's interest?
Kaoru: There is an orchestral concert taking place in the concert hall at night. It seems a conductor she admires will be waving the baton.
Kaoru: This conductor is making quite the splash lately, and it is near impossible to acquire tickets. I enticed Rui-chan by telling her they will be making an appearance.
LAYER (Rei): So that's what this is about.
MASKING (Masuki): A concert, huh...? Well, I don't care why she's here, as long as she doesn't serve customers with that sour look on her face.
Tomoe: Rui seems dependable. I'm sure it'll be okay,
MASKING (Masuki): I dunno.
LAYER (Rei): I think she'll be fine too. Besides, I'm quite curious about this conductor that Rui is willing to go through all of this for.
Tomoe: Good point... Seta-senpai, can we check out the concert as well?
Kaoru: Why, of course. The café is closed in the evening, so come nighttime, we can all watch it together.
Tomoe: Cool! Thanks!
Rui: Thank you for waiting.
Kaoru: Ah, welcome back, little kitten. Were you able to find your way?
Rui: Yes. As I was returning, I became preoccupied with a piano concerto that had commenced to greet the guests.
LAYER (Rei): Piano, huh...? Fufu, you really are passionate about music, Rui-chan.
Rui: Yes, well... Is there an issue?
LAYER (Rei): Seta-san was just telling us about the orchestra. We were talking about seeing it together.
Rui: Is that so?
MASKING (Masuki): We've gotta work hard before that, though.
Rui: Yes, of course. I will fulfill the duties expected of me.
Kaoru: Fufu, I take it you two are yearning to begin. Behold, the time for our guests to arrive is almost upon us.
Kaoru: Prepare yourselves... I declare our fleeting café officially open.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[KT Smile - Passageway]

Kanon: That magic show was amazing!
Misaki: Yeah. Who could've predicted Hagumi would be picked to be the magician's assistant?
Kanon: Uh-huh! When Hagumi's body floated into the air, I was so shocked I thought my heart would stop.
Misaki: Ahaha... Anyway, I think Kaoru-san's café should be around here somewhere.
Misaki: Hagumi and Kokoro said they'd join us after the superhero show, so let's go inside and take it easy till they arrive.
Kanon: Okay! Ah, here it is. Umm, the café is called...
