event179-04 Chapter 3: Like Entangled Vines

Everyone does their job, but a difference of opinion arises...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[KT Smile - Café]

Kaoru: Now then... it seems everyone has acquired a sound understanding of their duties.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Tomoe-chan. Your collar is a little crooked.
Tomoe: Oh, thanks. Ah, a customer asked me to pass you a message earlier. They said thanks for your polite service.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, thanks for letting me know. Ah, that table over there has freed up. I'll go and clean it.
Kaoru: Furthermore, they appear to have opened their hearts since coming on board.
Kaoru: Inside this ship, bonds are burgeoning through shared purpose... Ahh, truly fleeting...
Rui: Here is your seasonal fruit tart, black cherry pie, and Assam tea.
Rui: Please let me know whenever you would like a refill of the tea.
Female Customer: E-excuse me...!
Rui: Yes, what is it?
Female Customer: I can't decide between the matcha cake and the strawberry cake... Which do you recommend?
Rui: A recommendation...? But I do not know your tastes.
Rui: Are you a fan of sweet desserts, or do you prefer minimal sugar...? Do you enjoy food containing fruit and nuts...?
Rui: Without such information, I am unable to confidently recommend anything.
Female Customer: Y-yes, you're right. Umm, I like food that is lightly sweetened...
Rui: In that case, this matcha cake is less sweet than the strawberry shortcake.
Female Customer: I'll have that then...!
MASKING (Masuki): ...
MASKING (Masuki): ... Hey, Rui.
Rui: Sato-san, do you need something?
MASKING (Masuki): Quit talkin' like that... Can't you be more friendly?
Rui: Hmm...
MASKING (Masuki): You don't need to fake a smile or whatever, but Kaoru said the most important thing is your heart, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Speaking from the heart means havin' a positive attitude and expression.
Rui: I do not know what speaking from the heart entails. Nonetheless, I understand that you regard it as important and have no intention of opposing your way of thinking.
Rui: That being said, I have my own set of values.
MASKING (Masuki): ... And what are those even?
Rui: I doubt you would understand even if I were to explain them.
MASKING (Masuki): What the...?
Rui: Allow me to reiterate that I have no desire to discredit your beliefs. Thank you for your advice.
MASKING (Masuki): ... What the heck is her problem...?
(Black cut)
MASKING (Masuki): Welcome, you two! Take a seat here and hold on while I find you a table.
Little Girl: Wait...!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's up, little one?
Little Girl: U-umm, well, we were in here earlier eating cake, and I forgot my Bunny-bun...
MASKING (Masuki): Bunny-bun?
Mother: It's her stuffed rabbit toy. She takes it everywhere and accidentally left it at this café.
Little Girl: I hope Bunny-Bun isn't feeling lonely... Ohhh...
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm, I haven't heard about any lost property... Okay, lemme go look for it!
MASKING (Masuki): Yo, Rui! Perfect timin'!
Rui: What is it?
MASKING (Masuki): This kid dropped her toy somewhere around here. Help me look for it.
Rui: ... Does that search require more than one person?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh?
Rui: Wakana-san is on her break, and I doubt we can afford to leave the café short-staffed. Given the situation, I think it best I stay and serve customers.
MASKING (Masuki): But you can't just ignore a kid who's on the verge of cryin'...!
Rui: This and that are completely different issues.
MASKING (Masuki): Seriously...? Urgh, forget it. Talkin' to you is a waste of time. I'll go look for it mysel-
LAYER (Rei): Just the two I was looking for. I was about to take my break and noticed a toy near the entrance. I think a customer left it, so please return it if they come back.
MASKING (Masuki): Is that...?
Little Girl: Bunny-bun!
LAYER (Rei): Oh, is this a member of your family? Here you go. Make sure to hold its hand tightly next time.
Little Girl: Okay! Thanks, Lady!
MASKING (Masuki): Phew, glad we got that sorted!
Rui: ... If the issue is resolved, I will get back to work. Sato-san, it is almost time for your break, correct?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, that's right. But lemme say somethin' first.
Rui: There's something else?
MASKING (Masuki): You really ain't cute.
Rui: ... Is that so?
