event179-05 Chapter 4: When Buds Begin to Bloom

During their break, Tomoe listens to MASKING. Meanwhile, LAYER approaches Rui.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[KT Smile - Passageway]

MASKING (Masuki): Ugh, geez! Why is Rui such a punk...?!
Tomoe: Oh, are you on break too, Masuki?
MASKING (Masuki): Tomoe...
Tomoe: ... You look kinda riled up. I'm all ears if you wanna talk.
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... I see. All of that went down while I wasn't there, huh?
MASKING (Masuki): All Rui does is judge whether stuff has a purpose or not. There's more to life than that!
Tomoe: Yeah... If I were in your shoes, I probably woulda felt the same.
MASKING (Masuki): ... And get this. She said someone like me would never get her way of thinkin'.
MASKING (Masuki): I wanna tell her she's wrong, but the truth is I dunno enough about Rui to say that with confidence.
MASKING (Masuki): I can't fight an opponent I know nothin' about. It's like punchin' air in a fist fight.
Tomoe: Masuki...
MASKING (Masuki): What're you so shocked about?
Tomoe: I just never expected you to say something like that.
Tomoe: I always thought you were the kinda person who accepts when you don't get along with someone. Like you'd draw a hard line between the people you do and don't like.
Tomoe: That's why I figured you just found Rui irritating.
MASKING (Masuki): Ah... Well, the old me probably woulda felt that way.
MASKING (Masuki): Back then... I'd bounce around fillin' in for different bands and couldn't find a place to fit in.
Tomoe: So you're sayin' you're different now? Is that 'cause you joined RAS?
MASKING (Masuki): Bingo. I got scouted by CHU² and joined the band...
MASKING (Masuki): And I finally found where I belonged. I made friends who come at me with full force, and it changed how I see stuff.
MASKING (Masuki): I even realized that CHU² , who seemed so bratty at first, is actually a total cutie.
Tomoe: Huh, cute? Really?
MASKING (Masuki): You bet. She's adorable. Like a noisy cat that meows all the time.
Tomoe: A cat...? I suppose she does look like one, but...
Tomoe: ... Back when I was interviewed by that magazine, CHU²' happened to see it and completely chewed me out.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I heard 'bout that. I know it don't mean much now, but I'm sorry she did that.
Tomoe: Don't worry. She actually helped me pull myself together. Still, that image of her is burned into my mind, so it's hard to see her as cute...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, I get you. Even if what she said ain't wrong, it's how you say something that matters!
Tomoe: Exactly... Hey, that's kinda like how you described Rui earlier. She's always judging things, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Good point... When you put it like that, maybe CHU²' and Rui are sorta similar.
Tomoe: Maybe. They look like total opposites, though.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Don't get me wrong. When I first met CHU²', I thought she was a cheeky brat. But after hearin' her music, I realized there's more to her than that.
MASKING (Masuki): She's tough on people 'cause she's confident that her music is superior and unbeatable...
MASKING (Masuki): And even though, in the beginning, I thought she was a jerk and we wouldn't get along, I realized it'd be a total waste to let it end that way.
MASKING (Masuki): That's why I wanna get to know Rui better too...
Tomoe: ... I get where you're coming from, Masuki...
Tomoe: But maybe you don't need to rush things.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh?
Tomoe: I mean, this might not be the answer you're looking for... but it takes a while for people to see eye-to-eye, right?
Tomoe: Even though I'm tight with all the Afterglow members, there's still tons of stuff I dunno about them.
Tomoe: We've been together for ages, yet I still see new sides of them all the time.
Tomoe: Sometimes it's brought on by the kinda thing you're talking about, like a major showdown by the riverside, and sometimes it's something really small.
Tomoe: If you could learn everything about someone in one or two days, it'd be too easy!
MASKING (Masuki): Right... Yeah, makes sense.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, I'm gonna go find Rui and give her a piece of my mind!
Tomoe: You're declaring war, huh? Go for it, Masuki!
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
LAYER (Rei): Rui-chan, how's it going? It's a tad early, but things are under control here, so you can take your break if you'd like.
Rui: Understood, thank you...
Rui: ... Yes?
LAYER (Rei): I'm sorry about Masuki earlier.
Rui: It's not something you are required to apologize for, Wakana-san. I'm sure what Sato-san said is not incorrect.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. She didn't phrase it well, but I think her point stands. Still, I'm quite surprised you'd agree, Rui-chan.
LAYER (Rei): You seem like the kind of person who has a concrete set of beliefs. I assumed you'd see anything else as wrong.
Rui: ... Yes, I probably would have thought that way before.
Rui: Allow me to clarify. My way of thinking has not changed. However, I can now acknowledge that Sato-san's manner of doing things can produce results as well.
LAYER (Rei): I see... So you can understand it but can't accept it, kind of thing?
Rui: ... If anything, it is the opposite. I cannot understand it, but I can accept it.
LAYER (Rei): Umm, what does that mean...?
Rui: ... My bandmates often choose inefficient courses of action for reasons pertaining to love and friendship. I cannot understand their behavior at all.
Rui: However, I've witnessed that they can lead to favorable outcomes, and have learned to accept this. Somehow, after overcoming adversity, they end up smiling.
Rui: And I find myself smiling too...
LAYER (Rei): I see. So that's why you can't understand it, but you can accept it.
LAYER (Rei): ... I feel like I know you a little better now, Rui-chan. Though, not as well as your bandmates, of course.
???: Fufu... A fleeting story, indeed.
LAYER (Rei): Seta-san!
