event179-07 Ending: Flowers Blooming on the Surface

The cruise is nearing its finale. What awaits the waiters who are now finished?

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[KT Smile - Passageway]

MASKING (Masuki): That orchestra was good, huh?
Tomoe: Yeah! Never thought I'd hear such an amazing performance on a ship, of all places.
Kaoru: Rocked by the gentle waves, we surrendered ourselves to the bewitching melody... A fleeting moment, indeed.
LAYER (Rei): I'll say. I'm glad you got to see the orchestra too, Rui-chan.
Rui: Yes. It was a worthy exchange for my labor.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, a show like that is worth all the hard work.
MASKING (Masuki): That conductor was especially good, huh? Each musician had their own quirks, but that conductor brought 'em together without a sweat.
MASKING (Masuki): That conductor was precise, balanced, and had their own unique sound.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Kinda like your violin, Rui.
Rui: ... Is that so?
MASKING (Masuki): I'm doin' my best to pay you a compliment, so you could at least try to be happy...
Tomoe: ...
LAYER (Rei): Hey, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Yeah, what's up?
LAYER (Rei): Thanks for helping Masuki earlier. You said something to her, right?
Tomoe: Nah, I hardly did anything. Besides, LAYER and Seta-senpai, you two are the ones who got Rui to play her violin, right?
Kaoru: We simply acted as a catalyst. It was Masuki-chan and Rui-chan themselves who came to a mutual understanding.
Tomoe: ... Yeah, you're right.
Kaoru: Now then, my companions. Whilst the concert and the cruise were befitting of a finale, there is still one source of amusement remaining on our schedule.
LAYER (Rei): What might that be...?
Tomoe: Ah, are you talking about the fireworks? You mentioned them before, right, Seta-senpai?!
Kaoru: Precisely. Supposedly, they can be observed from the ship's deck.
MASKING (Masuki): That sounds awesome! It ain't every day you can watch fireworks from a boat!
Rui: I imagine it will be crowded with people from all over the ship...
MASKING (Masuki): That's what makes it fun. C'mon, Rui, let's go!
(White cut)
Tomoe: What a view...
LAYER (Rei): Yes. The reflection of the fireworks on the surface of the water is also nice.
Kaoru: Tremendous blossoms fit for the conclusion of a fleeting evening.
MASKING (Masuki): Man... Watchin' these fireworks is gettin' me fired up!
MASKING (Masuki): Taaamaya!
MASKING (Masuki): That's what folks in the olden days would shout when watchin' fireworks.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Huh? What're you starin' at me like that for, Rui? Is there somethin' on my face?
Rui: ... It is the first time I've actually witnessed anybody say that out loud.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, it adds to the fun of it all! C'mon, try it, Rui!
Rui: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): ... What? You ain't gonna do it? Don't be such a killjoy.
Rui: No, that word serves no purpose. Uttering that phrase will not impact the beauty of these fireworks.
LAYER (Rei): Does that mean you think the fireworks are beautiful?
Rui: Well...
Rui: ... I suppose it does.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, Rui. Did you crack a smile just now?
Rui: Huh...?
Tomoe: Y-you did? I missed it.
Kaoru: As did I. How unfortunate it is that we missed this flower bloom.
Rui: No, I did not smile.
MASKING (Masuki): Nah, you did! You definitely smiled!
Rui: You are free to believe what you wish, but the fact remains that I did not.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha. You heard her, Masuki.
MASKING (Masuki): Why can't you just admit it...?
MASKING (Masuki): I knew it. You really ain't cute.
Rui: ... Is that so?
