event179-01 Opening: Buds Swaying in the Waves

Tomoe agrees to help aboard a luxury cruise and sees some unexpected faces.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

Kaoru: ... Legend has it that the name of that luxury cruise ship was derived from its ability to make even a goddess smile.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Its concert hall and restaurant are unparalleled, and the shows and performances throughout the ship are resplendent.
Kaoru: Also boasting a playroom, a theatre, and a fireworks show at night, this fleeting cruise delights adults and children alike...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Kaoru: ... Well, Tomoe-chan? Share your thoughts.
Tomoe: The scale of the boat is so huge, it's kinda hard to picture... But it does sound cool.
Kaoru: Excellent. I feel relieved to hear you say that, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Why are you telling me all this, anyway?
Kaoru: You see... I wish for you to assist me on board.
Tomoe: Huh, me? Are you doing a concert or something?
Kaoru: No. We will be opening a café that I myself designed. I want you to be a waiter at said café and tend to the customers.
Tomoe: A café?
Kaoru: Of course, outside of working hours, you are free to enjoy all that the ship has to offer.
Tomoe: Nah, that's not the issue... The only experience I have serving customers is at my part-time job. There's no way I'm good enough to wait on luxury liner passengers...
Kaoru: I will teach you the basics. Whilst the ship may be lavish, the café itself is very straightforward.
Kaoru: Besides, displaying correct manners and carrying oneself in an elegant manner are not the only qualities required.
Tomoe: What else do we need...?
Kaoru: Heart.
Tomoe: ... Haha, well, when you put it that way, I can't exactly say no. Alright, I'm in. You can count on me.
Kaoru: Thank you. Let us all go the extra mile on this luxury cruise!
Tomoe: Us all...? Does that mean you've invited other people too?
Kaoru: Indeed. I have assembled an invaluable, wonderfully fleeting group of members.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Luxury Cruise Ship - Entrance]

Kaoru: Now then, it would appear we are all present. Thank you again for graciously accepting my invitation.
Kaoru: Let us share a fleeting time on board this luxury cruise ship.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, we've got this!
LAYER (Rei): Tomoe-chan, Rui-chan, I'm looking forward to your company today.
Tomoe: Same here. Who knew we'd all be working together like this?
Tomoe: This must be fate, so let's all get along.
Rui: I will try my best...
MASKING (Masuki): What's up? Somethin' buggin' ya?
Rui: I assumed I could deduce why I was called here by looking at you all, yet I still haven't the slightest idea.
Rui: I have no experience in hospitality, so I do not see how I could be of any use...
MASKING (Masuki): Ah, I was actually wonderin' the same thing. Rei and I were talkin' about it earlier.
Tomoe: I know you said we needed heart... But looking at this lineup now, I'm also kinda curious.
Kaoru: Fufu, well... It pertains to the concept of our fair café.
LAYER (Rei): Concept?
Kaoru: Precisely... Introducing, "Dashing waiters who soothe the soul!"
MASKING (Masuki): Dashing...?
Tomoe: Waiters...?
Rui: ...
Kaoru: It is... but that.
LAYER (Rei): Umm... I still don't understand what you're saying...
Tomoe: At any rate, it's our job to make the customers happy, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Then let's tackle it with everythin' we've got!
Rui: I have agreed to cooperate and will thus do what I can.
Kaoru: Yes, that sentiment is paramount... I have no doubt that you will all be magnificent stewards.
Rui: ... Is that so?
Kaoru: Now then, shall we board the ship? Let us don our uniforms and prepare to welcome our guests.
Kaoru: Companions, allow me to formally invite you on board this splendidly fleeting luxury cruise ship... The KT Smile.
