event179-06 Chapter 5: Flowers on the Seabed

When Kaoru's words do not change Rui's stance, a suggestion is made...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[KT Smile - Café]

Kaoru: Ah, truly... The friendship between you, Rui-chan, and the Morfonica members is fleetingly radiant.
Kaoru: And now, I bear witness to the blossoming friendship between you and LAYER-chan.
Rui: Seta-san, I did not realize you were watching.
Kaoru: Yes. I have chanced upon you becoming better acquainted with one another.
Kaoru: I have no doubt that you and Masuki-chan will nurture your own unique friendship in the same way, Rui-chan.
Kaoru: As Shakespeare once mused, love all, trust a few...
Kaoru: It is... but that.
Rui: Seta-san, what do you mean? I do not understand how your words apply to the present situation.
Kaoru: Venerable expressions reveal the truths of the world.
Rui: Right...
Kaoru: As I see it, Rui-chan, you are, in your own way, acting with others in mind.
Kaoru: After all, in your eyes, your approach is the correct one.
Rui: No, that was not my intent-
Kaoru: Modesty is charming, but also, at times, inadequate when expressing oneself.
Rui: I was not being modest.
Kaoru: Fufu, even clumsy little kittens are adorable. Nonetheless, now may be the time to apply a more effective method of communication.
Kaoru: This ship is the KT Smile... A vessel that makes even the goddess of the sea beam with happiness.
Kaoru: Rui-chan, you and Masuki-chan put smiles on the faces of a myriad of people in such an establishment. I see no reason why the pair of you cannot smile too.
LAYER (Rei): Seta-san, do you have a plan in mind?
Kaoru: Naturally. We possess a sound more eloquent than a hundred words, do we not?
Rui: And that is...?
LAYER (Rei): Ah, I get it. They do say that musicians should go head to head through their music, don't they?
Rui: ... I see. You're saying I should speak through my violin.
Kaoru: I am confident that Masuki-chan will understand how you feel.
Kaoru: Not to mention, your beautiful violin melodies will captivate the other passengers, Rui-chan.
Rui: I wouldn't go that far, but... very well. I will play.
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems I have swayed you. Well then, I shall commandeer the ship's reserve violin for you.
Rui: No, that will not be necessary.
LAYER (Rei): Huh?
Rui: I have brought mine with me. I cannot go a single evening without playing my violin.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): (That's weird... I can't find Rui anywhere...)
MASKING (Masuki): (She's also meant to be on break around now.)
MASKING (Masuki): (Oh well. Guess I'll head back to the café and wait for her to retur-)
MASKING (Masuki): ...? That sound...
Female Customer: Oh, is a violin performance taking place somewhere?
Female Customer: Hey, let's go and see!
MASKING (Masuki): (What a pretty sound. It's straightforward, clear, and pulls you in instantly.)
MASKING (Masuki): (Who's even playin' it...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): Rui...?
Female Customer: What a lovely show... It feels as if my soul is being cleansed.
Female Customer: I was really hyped up from being inside this luxury ship, but now my mind feels calm and at ease.
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Tomoe: Oh, Masuki, you came to listen too, huh...? I didn't know Rui was the one playing.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah... She's puttin' on a pretty good show too.
MASKING (Masuki): Her playin' is precise and neat, like gentle waves on a calm sea. But it ain't borin' at all.
MASKING (Masuki): Cause the sea is home to tons of life and wicked scenery that stretches for miles.
MASKING (Masuki): ... I guess Rui's kinda like that too.
Tomoe: ...
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? What's with the weird face?
Tomoe: Ah, I was just thinking... Masuki... you're surprisingly a bit of a romantic, aren't ya?
MASKING (Masuki): What?! I dunno what you're talkin' 'bout...
Tomoe: But I get what you mean. And I agree.
MASKING (Masuki): Tomoe...
Tomoe: Ah, I think the song is wrapping up. Masuki, you've got something to say to Rui, right?
MASKING (Masuki): ... Yeah.
(Black cut)
Female Customer: That was an amazing performance...!
Rui: Thank you.
MASKING (Masuki): Rui.
Rui: Sato-san...
MASKING (Masuki): Come see a RAS gig next time. I want you to hear my sound too.
Rui: ...
MASKING (Masuki): It was great. Both the show and your heart.
Rui: ... Thank you.
