event223-06 Chapter 5: How Our Band Changed Us

United once more, Morfonica begins working on their appeal.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: We need permission from the board of directors and student council to continue with Morfonica, right?
Rui: Yes. You will be given permission if you submit documents to the bi-monthly review board and have the activity recognized as suitable for a Tsukinomori student.
Nanami: I see, I see. That means we first have to create those documents~. When does that review board start?
Rui: Next week. Submitting documentation to that meeting would be the fastest method for resuming our activities.
Toko: Okay! At any rate, we just have to tell them how super fun the band is, right?
Rui: That will not garner permission. After all, a band being fun bears no relevance to it being suitable for a Tsukinomori student.
Mashiro: "Suitable for a Tsukinomori student," huh...? What is that supposed to mean...?
Nanami: It's hard to say~. The wording is pretty vague.
Tsukushi: Hrmm~... Ah. What about that one saying? "Your spark will light the way!"
Mashiro: The school motto...?
Tsukushi: That's right! When we started the band, we all made a promise, right? We said we'd use Tsukinomori's motto as our band's goal.
Tsukushi: Since then, we've done things by searching for what makes us special!
Rui: We have conducted our band activities based on the school motto... Yes, if we can prove that, there is a high probability that we will be given permission.
Nanami: Ooh~, we've got the student council president's seal of approval~.
Toko: Way to go, Fusuke!
Tsukushi: Fufu. I'm the leader, after all!
Nanami: Ahaha. It feels like it's been a while since we've heard you laugh like that.
Mashiro: What makes us special... In my case, that would be the feelings that helped me decide to believe in myself... I guess.
Toko: Also, the fact that you learned to love yourself, right? Shiro, that's what you said during the Concourse of Words!
Nanami: I think I've learned to love myself a little bit too. What else~...? Hrm~, it's harder than I thought.
Rui: Is there any need to adhere to the theme of a spark? I believe we can also interpret it as change.
Rui: What has changed since we started the band...? We will need to choose what we list on the document, but that will support our claims for what we have gained.
Tsukushi: In that case, it's easy! Nanami-chan, Mashiro-chan, and I were talking about that yesterday and today.
Tsukushi: We were saying how much we've changed and grown!
Toko: Nice, nice! Well then, let's go over what's changed about us!
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: Yeah~!!
(Black cut)
Nanami: I think that more or less does it. Fufu, we came up with quite a lot~.
Toko: You said it~. We've changed a lot!
Mashiro: But... my suggestions are the only ones that seem kind of pathetic... Like, "I'm less likely to get a stomach ache from being nervous..."
Rui: That shows you have gained that much self-confidence. As we can list it on the document, I believe it is a worthwhile change.
Toko: Rui, your "became more sociable" is pretty funny~. When we first started, "I am not going" was all you'd say!
Nanami: Now you often come with us to restaurants after practice~.
Rui: Did I not tell you it is because you all said we would have review meetings? Reviewing our performance after practice is meaningful. That is why I have been joining.
Tsukushi: Hrm~...
Toko: Fusuke, are you still searching for what's changed with you? No matter how much you keep thinking, you won't come up with anything.
Tsukushi: Th-that's not true! There has to be more than this! It's weird that I have fewer changes than all of you.
Rui: By the way, Kirigaya-san. You did not have many changes either. Does that not concern you?
Toko: Not at all! After all, I've always been perfect~. It's only natural that I wouldn't have many!
Toko: Anyway, Fusuke. Isn't it a given that you wouldn't have many, either?
Tsukushi: Huh? Why?
Toko: I mean, you haven't changed much since we started the band. Hm? Well... maybe your usual laugh has gotten sharper.
Tsukushi: Ohh~. That's not what I'm talking about... There are other ways in which I've changed!
Nanami: What's changed about you... Ah, what about your part-time job? If not for the band and meeting Tsugu-senpai, you wouldn't be Hazawa Coffee's ace part-timer~.
Tsukushi: Yeah, that's it! Rui-san, make a memo of that on your phone.
Rui: Very well. I shall write it as you having enlarged your circle of friends.
Rui: ... If we can think of all this, it should be enough. I will create the document based on this memo.
Mashiro: Okay... Thanks.
Nanami: Sigh~. It seems like we'll manage somehow. I was worried about what was going to happen for a minute there... I'm so relieved~.
Rui: Indeed. If we had followed what Kirigaya-san said and continued our activities, it would eventually have led to our expulsions.
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: Huh?!
Toko: S-seriously...?
Rui: It is a given that there are punishments for breaking the rules. The use of phones on campus is no different.
Rui: First, a warning is given. If no improvement is seen, the next action will be suspension. Then, finally, that would likely lead to expulsion.
Mashiro: That would happen just because of a phone...?
Rui: A rule's size is irrelevant. The chairwoman is the type of person who takes a resolute stance against those who do not follow the school rules.
Tsukushi: I see... So that was the reason you were warning Toko-chan so much.
Rui: Yes. We would not be able to continue our band activities if we did not have a guitarist.
Toko: What gives?! Worry about me, too, not just the band!
Nanami: I think she is, though~. Wouldn't that mean that, for her, you're the only one who can be Morfonica's guitarist?
Nanami: That means she wouldn't be in the band if you weren't around.
Toko: Huh... So that's what it was~. You're as hard to understand as ever! I see, I see. So you really needed me that much~.
Rui: Yes, I believe you can say that. If the members change, the band's music will also change.
Rui: To make that music as well-balanced as it is now would require time and effort. I would like to avoid that if possible.
Toko: Yeah, yeah. I got it. You seriously aren't an upfront person~.
Toko: Oh well! Seeing how you're worried, I'll give up on ignoring the school rules for now.
Toko: But that doesn't mean I've accepted it! I'm definitely gonna make the chairwoman repeal it!
Rui: If you are going to appeal to the chairwoman within the rules, I will not stop you. Do as you like.
Nanami: Fufu... Well then. Why don't we go back inside?
Tsukushi: Ah, wait! Nanami-chan and I have to make documents to turn in to the review board for our part-time jobs!
Nanami: Right! I more or less got how to do it just now... Tsu-chan, why don't we work on it together after this?
Mashiro: Uh... If you'd like, I'll help, too. Although I don't know if I'll be any help...
Toko: Me too, me too! And Rui, too, of course!
Tsukushi: Fufu! Thanks, everyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
