event223-07 Ending: To Restore Tsukinomori’s Spirit

Morfonica submits their appeal to the review board. How will things fare?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rui: This brings an end to the meeting to review extramural activities. The next review board is in two weeks. I will see you all then.
Chairwoman: Yashio-san, thank you for your hard work.
Rui: Miss Chairwoman. Thank you as well.
Chairwoman: Have you gotten used to your duties as student council president?
Rui: They are not a problem. I have seen from close up how to work as the student council president since I was a first-year student.
Chairwoman: I am pleased to hear that. To be honest, I was worried that it would be too soon to allow a second-year student to become student council president.
Rui: ...
Chairwoman: However, that was an unfounded worry on my part.
Chairwoman: If I recall... when you became student council president, it was already decided that we would adhere to the school rules that have been neglected, correct?
Rui: Yes, I believe so.
Chairwoman: If the rules so closely related to your daily life were changed without your knowledge, it would be normal to display reluctance to at least some small degree.
Chairwoman: However, that was not the case with you. You followed the decision without a single objection... That is not something that is easily done.
Rui: Whether I agree with them or not, rules are meant to be followed. That is merely my personal policy.
Chairwoman: I think that shows magnificent conviction. You worked quite well even during the extramural activities matter.
Chairwoman: At first, I was considering doing the review on my own. However, you proposed that it be conducted by the student council and board of directors.
Chairwoman: As a result, I believe exchanging views with several people made the time more meaningful than if I had done it alone.
Rui: ... That is because it is highly likely that a single person's judgment is one-sided.
Chairwoman: Fufu... Please continue to fulfill your role as student council president for the sake of Tsukinomori.
Rui: Yes, ma'am.
Chairwoman: Nevertheless, I did not think you would be involved in band activities.
Chairwoman: This "Morfonica Band Activities Report"... was compiled quite well. I could tell that, through your activities, you have experienced much, and each of you has grown.
Rui: Thank you very much.
Chairwoman: While I did not have a good impression of non-classical music, it would seem your activities are suitable for students of Tsukinomori.
Chairwoman: Please make sure you continue to maintain that sentiment.
Rui: Understood.
Rui: ... Miss Chairwoman. May I have a moment of your time?
Chairwoman: Yes? What is it?
Rui: Regarding the school rule banning the use of phones... I would like to ask you to give it some reconsideration.
Chairwoman: As it has already been put into effect, there is no leeway to reconsider.
Chairwoman: ... Your previous statement has changed, has it not? Was it not your personal policy to follow a rule no matter what it may be?
Rui: Personally, I do not have any objection to following that rule. However, there is some confusion among the other students.
Rui: I am the Tsukinomori student council president. As such, I believe another of my duties is to speak on behalf of student opinion.
Chairwoman: Ahh, I understand. Then, with all of that in mind, I will say it once more.
Chairwoman: I will not reconsider.
Rui: ...
Chairwoman: People are meant to acclimate. Their confusion will gradually subside.
Chairwoman: Also, it is necessary to restore Tsukinomori's lost spirit.
Rui: What exactly is the Tsukinomori spirit?
Rui: Why is adherence to school rules necessary in restoring it?
Chairwoman: You will naturally come to understand that by adhering to the school rules.
Chairwoman: Is that all you have to say?
Rui: ... Yes, ma'am.
Chairwoman: Then, I will excuse myself. Please contact the people given permission for their activities in today's review board.
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Tsukushi: Is Rui-san not done yet...? Is everything okay...?
Mashiro: Y-yeah... If we aren't given permission for our activities...
Toko: Oh, come on, it'll be fine. Rui's a smooth-talker!
Nanami: Mhmm. I'm sure Rui-rui will be fine~.
Rui: Everyone...? I told you to wait at the atelier, so why are you here?
Tsukushi: Rui-san! Can we continue with Morfonica...?!
Rui: Yes. We have been given permission for our activities.
Tsukushi, Nanami, Toko & Mashiro: Yay!!!
Rui: Also, Futaba-san and Hiromachi-san may continue with their part-time jobs.
Tsukushi: What? Thank goodness...
Toko: It's our total victory! See that? In your face!
Nanami: Sigh~. Now we can do our band and part-time jobs without worrying.
Toko: You said it~. Hey, let's get practicing pronto! It's been a while, so me and my guitar are totally gonna shine~.
Nanami: It has been a week. I get the feeling we have a bit of a gap~.
Tsukushi: With the GBT coming up, we have to make up for the time we've missed!
Mashiro: Yeah... I want to play with all of you right away.
Rui: You all are carrying on too much. The people around us are alarmed.
Toko: You may say that, but you're happy too!
Tsukushi: Well then. Let's go to the atelier!
Nanami, Toko & Mashiro: Yeah~!!
Rui: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rui: What exactly is the Tsukinomori spirit?
Rui: Why is adherence to school rules necessary in restoring it?
Chairwoman: You will naturally come to understand that by adhering to the school rules.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Rui-san, what's the matter? Let's hurry along!
Rui: ... Right. Let's be on our way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
