event223-02 Chapter 1: Rules and Repercussions

Rui and Toko butt heads over the new school rules.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Tsukushi: Sigh... Things have gotten to be pretty bad. The entire school is in an uproar.
Nanami: That's because, starting today, we're suddenly banned from using our phones at school except for in emergencies. It's only natural that everyone is troubled~.
Tsukushi: And I can't believe bringing in manga and magazines is banned as well...
Nanami: It really is shocking~... I can't tell you all about Moca-senpai's interesting manga recommendations now.
Tsukushi: But not being able to use our phones is the worst of all.
Tsukushi: I loved listening to our favorite music with all of you at lunch...
Tsukushi: And with phones banned at school, we can't contact each other about where we'll have lunch or what we'll do after school.
Nanami: So we'll have to go to the trouble of going to the class next door, huh~? Just imagining it is inconvenient.
Tsukushi: But why the sudden change...? The notice at the entrance said those were all school rules from the beginning, right?
Nanami: Yeah. Apparently, they were being overlooked during the previous chairman's time here.
Nanami: But it seems the new chairwoman wants to make us follow those rules again from now on.
Tsukushi: I wonder why...
Nanami: Hrm~... Ah. Rui-rui might know something. Let's ask her later-
Tsukushi: Huh...? A-a message? It's from Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: O-ohh~. They just told us that phones are banned, so why is she sending messages~?
Nanami: Ahaha... Toko-chan isn't the type to worry about things like that~.
Tsukushi: Good point...
Nanami: I imagine there are lots of girls like that. Some girls in our class said they were going to ignore it~.
Tsukushi: There are even some that are using their phones in secret. Are there actually fewer people following the rule...?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, Nanami-chan... Help!
Tsukushi: M-Mashiro-chan? Why are you in such a panic...?
Mashiro: Rui-san and Toko-chan are...
(Black cut)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Toko: Why isn't it allowed?! I only sent Fusuke and the others our plans for after school!
Rui: Please do not make me repeat myself. The use of our phones is banned outside of emergencies.
Toko: I already told you~! I can't accept that!
Nanami: Whoa, they're arguing?! Calm down, you two~.
Tsukushi: Hey, why are you fighting?!
Toko: You guys, great timing...! Listen to this! Rui's saying something really unreasonable!
Toko: She's telling me not to use my phone at school. Isn't that seriously messed up?!
Rui: There was an announcement from the board of directors during recess, correct? It instructed us to follow the rules that have been neglected as of late.
Rui: In it, there was a statement that the usage of phones is banned outside of emergencies. What is so strange about following those school rules?
Toko: But it was okay until now. And that's how we've previously done things!
Toko: Suddenly telling us that's not possible is unreasonable!
Rui: To begin with, the school rules raised in that notice of resolutions from the board of directors have always existed.
Rui: The reason that was previously allowed was because the school and previous chairman were tolerant of it.
Rui: The current chairwoman has tightened that slackness. That is the "present" Tsukinomori.
Nanami: You two, let's talk things over calmly, okay? There's no need to get mad about it~.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan's right. You're bothering everyone around you, so your fight is over!
Rui: I am not mad, nor am I fighting with her.
Toko: Same here!
Nanami: Toko-chan, I think you are mad...
Toko: I am not!
Toko: Besides, why is it bad for us to use our phones? Fusuke, Nanami. You guys think that too, right?
Tsukushi: Th-that's...
Tsukushi: ...
Toko: Nothing about Tsukinomori's gonna change just because we use our phones. Right?! Shiro, you think so too, don't you?!
Mashiro: Huh? I...
Mashiro: Uh... I can't say anything.
Toko: What?
Mashiro: I transferred into the school, so... I've only been going to Tsukinomori for a little over a year.
Mashiro: Someone like me has no right to say anything about the school...
Toko: Oh, come on. You're a Tsukinomori student, too, y'know~...
Toko: Anyway, I'm against phones being banned!
Nanami: Ah, Toko-chan! Where are you going? Class is gonna start soon~!
Rui: Futaba-san, you should return to your own classroom. Just as Hiromachi-san said, class is starting.
Tsukushi: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: (There was that announcement about the school rules, and Rui-san and Toko-chan are fighting...)
Tsukushi: (What should I do...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
