event223-01 Opening: A Notice from the Board

A new term. Morfonica is doing well, but change has come to Tsukinomori.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Recess]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Toko-chan's late... Is she still not done with her class president duties?
Nanami: I sent her a message a minute ago and asked her how much longer she'll be, but... Ah, there's a reply.
Nanami: She said, "It's still gonna take some time~. Being class president is seriously tough!" Ahaha. She added a bunch of smile emojis~.
Tsukushi: Again~? Hasn't she been saying that a lot lately?
Nanami: I'm sure she must be happy to be depended on~.
Mashiro: Yeah... She always has a smile on her face when she tells me and Rui-san that our homeroom teacher asked her for something again.
Tsukushi: Fufu. Toko-chan's working hard. I'm glad she's finding her class president duties rewarding.
Nanami: Ooh~. Tsu-chan, you've got the look of an upperclassman in your eyes.
Tsukushi: Fufu. That's because, when all is said and done, I'm class president again this year!
Mashiro: By the way... What should we do? Most of our lunch break has gone by...
Tsukushi: How about we wait ten more minutes? If Toko-chan doesn't come by then, let's start eating lunch.
Nanami: Okay~.
Mashiro: ... We haven't been able to eat together much since we became second-year students.
Mashiro: It's not just Toko-chan. Rui-san seems really busy, too...
Tsukushi: Yeah... It feels like she's become even busier since she became student council president.
Tsukushi: She's in student council meetings during lunch and after school. And lately, she's often been coming to practice just barely on time.
Nanami: According to my research, apparently, that has to do with the chairwoman being so enthusiastic. Remember what she said during the opening ceremony?
Nanami: She said that Tsukinomori was forming a student council based on our founding ideals. So it seems like they're re-examining different aspects of the school.
Tsukushi: What do you mean by... re-examine?
Nanami: I'm sorry~. Even with my research, I don't know anything more than that.
Tsukushi: I see... But I'm worried. I hope Rui-san's not pushing herself...
Nanami: We've got GBT's fourth round coming up next... Ah. Tsu-chan, would you prefer that I call it the Top Sixteen?
Tsukushi: Wh-why...?
Mashiro: Because every time one of us says that, your eyes sparkle.
Tsukushi: What~? That's not true.
Nanami: Fu, fu, fu. Are you sure about that~? You can't fool our eyes, y'know~?
Tsukushi: Ngh... Sigh~. I see. So you all noticed.
Tsukushi: To tell you the truth, I've been taking different lessons since long ago. But I've never been able to achieve good results...
Tsukushi: But we came in fifth in the Blue Sky Band Contest, and now we've made it to the Top Sixteen in GBT!
Tsukushi: That just made me so... so happy!
Mashiro: I think I know how you feel. It kind of feels like our hard work was recognized.
Mashiro: When Morfonica was called during the Blue Sky Band Contest and the third round of the GBT, it felt like I was in a dream...
Tsukushi: Mhmm! I'm really glad we started a band!
Tsukushi: Because I think meeting Morfonica helped me change.
Nanami: Yeah... I'm sure all of us feel the same way.
Mashiro: But... the GBT's fourth round seems like it will be tough. We may have to go up against Afterglow...
Tsukushi: Ohh~, why did you get timid after all of that?
Tsukushi: Afterglow is an amazing band... but with how we are now, we'll definitely be okay no matter who we go up against!
Nanami: Ahaha. That's our leader. I love that side of you, Tsu-chan~.
Nanami: By the way, it seems it's already been ten minutes.
Tsukushi: Ah, you're right! Well then, how about we go ahead and eat?
Tsukushi: Okay, you two! Palms together~...
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: Let's eat. Let's eat~.
Tsukushi: By the way, Nanami-chan. How's your part-time job going? Have you gotten used to being in charge of the part-timers?
Nanami: Yeah. There's a lot for me to do, but I've managed it someho-
Student Voice: Wh-what is this~?!
Mashiro: ...? The school building is kind of noisy.
Tsukushi: ... I wonder what's going on. Why don't we go take a look?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nanami: Whoa~. What a crowd of people. Ah, there's something posted on the entrance blackboard.
Tsukushi: I wonder what's written on it... Hng~. Hng~...
Tsukushi: Almost~... I can see it! Umm...
Tsukushi: "Notice of Resolutions from the Board of Directors Regarding Neglected School Regulations" ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
