event223-05 Chapter 4: That's Enough!!!

When Rui and Toko butt heads once again, Tsukushi attempts to stop them.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: We won't be able to continue with our band activities...? Wh-why not?
Rui: The student council had a meeting with the chairwoman after school.
Rui: In said meeting, in addition to the ban on using phones, it was decided that the application method for extramural activities would also be re-examined.
Rui: Hereafter, extramural activities will not be allowed until permission has been received from the board of directors and student council.
Tsukushi: What...? But until now, they were allowed if we submitted a request form to the school...!
Rui: Students will also be required to reapply for activities that were approved in the past.
Rui: We will review whether those activities are becoming of Tsukinomori students, and those deemed as being so will be granted permission.
Nanami: So does that mean... Morfonica's activities will also be reviewed?
Rui: Yes. Additionally, I believe another thing that would apply to some of you is your part-time jobs.
Rui: However, I imagine it would be difficult to quit those jobs immediately. So, apparently, you may continue with them during the review.
Rui: And if you do not receive permission, you will be given one month of leeway. You will then need to quit during that period.
Nanami & Tsukushi: ...!
Toko: What's up with that?! That's definitely way too tyrannical!
Rui: It was decided via the proper channels. There is going to be an announcement to all students tomorrow.
Rui: We have been planning what to do for the fourth round of the GBT with each of our rehearsals, but...
Rui: As our activities will be suspended starting tomorrow, that has been for naught. We will need to rework our plans if and when we are given permission.
Toko: ... Ngh, I can't accept this!
Toko: Why are they trying to restrict us so much?! This is seriously the worst...!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan...
Toko: Anyway, can't we just ignore that? Even if we practice, they won't find out.
Rui: I am a member of the student council. Do you think I can overlook someone breaking the rules right before my eyes?
Toko: You're so stingy! A little bit isn't gonna hurt!
Rui: No. Until permission is given, I cannot overlook band activities.
Toko: ...! Rui, whose side are you on?!
Mashiro: Eek...
Tsukushi: Wait, wait...! Toko-chan, getting mad won't solve anything.
Rui: As a student attending Tsukinomori, I will follow the established rules. That is all.
Toko: ... So, in other words, you're on the chairwoman's side?
Rui: I do not mind how you care to interpret that.
Toko: ...! Is that so?! Fine... I'm done!
Nanami: Toko-chan! Where are you going?
Toko: I'm not really feeling this anymore. Call me once we can do our activities again. I'll do my own thing until then.
Tsukushi: Wait, what're you sayin-
Toko: I mean, Rui said she's siding with the chairwoman!
Nanami: N-no, she didn't. Rui-rui just said she's going to follow the school rules...
Toko: Then why won't she say she's on our side...?!
Toko: She's only saying to follow the school rules, and not once has she listened to what we have to say! Just the other day, she-
Tsukushi: (Wh-what do I do...? I'm the leader, so I have to stop this...)
Tsukushi: (I have to do something. I have to...)
Mashiro: ... Tsukushi-chan. Morfonica won't disappear, right...?
Tsukushi: ... Huh?
Mashiro: It's the same as at school... The scenery's going gray, and I feel a chill in my chest...
Mashiro: Morfonica won't disappear, right?
Tsukushi: ...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Mhmm! I'm really glad we started a band!
Tsukushi: Because I think meeting Morfonica helped me change.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: Fufu. You'll be able to grow even more. And, of course, it won't be just you. The rest of us will, too.
Tsukushi: After all... we're Morfonica!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Rui, don't you think it's weird?!
Toko: She suddenly shows up at Tsukinomori saying, "I'm the chairwoman," and she's changing everything we've done until now...
Toko: She's not thinking about our feelings at all!
Rui: My opinion will not change. Whatever the reason, rules are rules.
Toko: Is that all you can say?!
Tsukushi: That...
Tsukushi: That's enough!!!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, I understand how dissatisfied you feel! And I also understand Rui-san wanting to follow the rules!
Tsukushi: I'm worried, too! I think the school rules are meant to be followed! But I've felt uncertain this whole time...
Tsukushi: I have no idea what to do about this situation... I absolutely hate feeling this way!
Tsukushi: But I'd hate it even more if Morfonica disappeared!
Tsukushi: Rui-san! Toko-chan! We won't be able to continue the band at this rate!
Tsukushi: Are you okay with that?! Because I'm not!
Tsukushi: I don't know what's going to happen at school. But I want to keep going with Morfonica! Let's think about how we can do that together...!
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan...
Rui: ... I agree with Futaba-san's sentiment. I was thinking of discussing that today.
Rui: Kirigaya-san, what about you?
Toko: I... feel the same way as Fusuke. I'd hate not being able to continue with Morfonica...
Toko: Sigh~... My bad! I'm sorry! I lost my cool.
Toko: ... Alright! The "Down With Super Strict School Rules Meeting" is canceled. Let's have the "Keep Morfonica Goin' Meeting!"
Tsukushi: Yeah...!
Nanami: In that case... why don't we go to the yard?
Nanami: The breeze is really nice today, so I'm sure we'll come up with some good ideas.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
