event223-04 Chapter 3: Tsukinomori in Gray

As the uncertainty grows, the way Mashiro sees Tsukinomori changes...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Rui-san and Toko-chan are late. Will they make it to practice on time...?
Nanami: I'm pretty sure Rui-rui has student council work, but I wonder what's up with Toko-chan~.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, have you heard anything from Toko-chan?
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...?
Mashiro: ... Huh? Ah, sorry. Uh... What did you say?
Nanami: What's wrong? Is something on your mind?
Mashiro: ... I was actually remembering what happened during lunch. The chairwoman warned someone about their phone, right...?
Mashiro: At the time, it was like the courtyard scenery turned gray... I felt a chill in my chest and was restless the entire time.
Nanami: I sort of understand what you mean. It was like I could feel the chairwoman's resolution.
Nanami: I got overwhelmed by her sentiment of making us follow the school rules no matter what.
Tsukushi: That reminds me. There was another girl that she reprimanded after that, wasn't there?
Mashiro: Yeah... I saw someone getting cautioned in the hallway, too. Is she patrolling around the school? It's scary how it's almost like we're being kept under surveillance...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... D-don't worry! If anything happens, I'll protect you!
Mashiro: Thanks... But you can't always be with me...
Tsukushi: Th-that's true, but...
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: (This is so frustrating... My friends are anxious, yet I can't do anything for them.)
Tsukushi: (I have to do something. But... how should I handle school problems...?)
Mashiro: Hey... Tsukushi-chan. Nanami-chan.
Mashiro: Tsukinomori won't disappear, right...?
Tsukushi: Huh?
Mashiro: I kind of get the feeling that the current Tsukinomori will disappear...
Tsukushi: Wh-what are you saying?! Something like that would never...! It would never...
Toko: Hey guys! ... Hm? What's wrong? Why's everyone looking kinda gloomy?
Nanami: Toko-chan! You got here late. Did something happen?
Toko: You bet something happened~. I actually came up with this totally awesome idea!
Toko: With that said, everybody gather up! We're starting the "Down With Super Strict School Rules Meeting!"
Tsukushi: Down With Super Strict School Rules Meeting...?
Mashiro: Um... What kind of meeting is that?
Toko: Hm? Y'know how the school's saying to follow some nonsense rules? We're gonna make them do away with that!
Tsukushi: What?! Does that mean you'll do the same thing you did with Rui-san with the chairwoman...?!
Toko: Yup! I realized something. And that was that it's pointless telling Rui that the school rules are weird.
Toko: If we're gonna make someone revoke that rule, it has to be the chairwoman! Plus, she seems to be the kingpin.
Nanami: Kingpin, she says...
Tsukushi: I know how you feel, but won't that be hard...? It's not wrong to follow school rules that were originally in place...
Tsukushi: Plus, no matter how much we object, I don't think the chairwoman will change her opinion.
Toko: I'm telling you, it's fine! I'll be the one doing the presentation.
Toko: Can't you picture it? Me, out-debating the chairwoman!
Mashiro: I don't think doing a presentation is the same as out-debating her...
Toko: In any case, just leave it to Toko-san!
Toko: Anyway, being told this and that are not allowed is seriously restricting~.
Toko: Tsukinomori has to be free! Just watch~. I'll show you I can protect it!
Tsukushi: ...
Mashiro: W-we should probably stop her, right?
Nanami: Yeah... I get the feeling it'll be bad if we let her be.
Nanami: T-Toko-chan! I can't wait for today's practice. Can you~?
Toko: Hm? Yeah, I guess. But today, I think I'm more in the mood for a "Down With Super Strict School Rules Meeting" rather than practice~.
Mashiro: B-but we need to choose a setlist for the fourth round of the GBT soon...
Nanami: Mhmm. We don't have time to do anything outside of the band~.
Toko: Ahh, that's a good point. Then I'll let you guys handle choosing our setlist!
Nanami & Mashiro: What?!
Toko: While you're doing that, I'll think about dealing with the chairwoman!
Nanami: Sh-she's so strong-willed...
Rui: ... Excuse me for being late.
Toko: Oh, Rui! You're finally here, huh~? I'm counting on you guys to choose our setlist today!
Rui: We are choosing it...? What will you be doing?
Toko: I'm gonna have a one-person meeting!
Rui: I do not understand what that means.
Rui: ... Well, no matter. In either case, I had no intention of practicing.
Rui: No. It would be more accurate to say that I cannot.
Tsukushi: Huh? What does that mean...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Rui: I will be brief.
Rui: Under the current circumstances, we will not be able to continue with the band's activities.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
