event223-03 Chapter 2: A Failure of a Leader

Tsukushi blames herself for failing to stop the fight.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day - Break Time]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Rui: ...
Toko: Rui!!
Rui: ... What is it?
Toko: Take a good look... at this!
Rui: ...? Your phone...?
Toko: Fu, fu, fu~. I'm about to show you an awesomely funny video!
Toko: You'd better thank me, got it~? You'll laugh so much, you'll be in tears!
Rui: ... The usage of phones is banned outside of emergencies.
Toko: Now, now. Don't worry about that! With that said~... Let's start the video!
Toko: ... Ahaha, that was so hilarious...! Who knew cats could make snot bubbles!
Toko: And I burst out laughing after it woke up when the bubble burst! Look! The cat's eyes got so wide!
Rui: ... So, what exactly is it that you are trying to do?
Toko: Huh? Don't you get it...? Come on, girl~. Listen up~. Let's say that we couldn't use our phones at school anymore.
Toko: Even if super funny videos like this were uploaded, we wouldn't know about them immediately, right? Wouldn't that be a total loss for mankind?
Toko: So! It's better for us if we can use our phones at school.
Rui: I see... So your demonstration just now was a presentation in favor of the usage of phones at school.
Rui: Compared to when you only focused on your dissatisfaction yesterday, I believe you did well to change your approach.
Toko: I know, right~? I mean, I am a genius, after all~.
Rui: However, your presentation has a critical flaw.
Rui: As I stated before, the use of phones in school was banned in the first place. Once you break that school rule, you no longer have a right to dispute it.
Rui: If you would like to persuade someone, please do so within the confines of the set rules.
Toko: Huh~?! What's up with that?!
Rui: Also, if I may add one more thing, there is no point in convincing me-
Toko: Ugh, I got it, I got it! Time for my next plan! I'll definitely convince you next time. Just you wait~!
Rui: ... She truly does not listen to what people have to say.
???: ...
Rui: Come out, you two. I cannot say that I find spying to be a good pastime.
Nanami: Ahaha... We got busted~.
Tsukushi: Sorry, Rui-san. We were worried about both of you...
Rui: ... It is fine. More importantly, I have another student council meeting during lunch today, so I cannot join you. Please keep that in mind.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard Gazebo]

Nanami: It's a shame Rui-rui couldn't make it when we managed to get a popular lunch spot.
Mashiro: And Toko-chan said she'd be late. Apparently, our homeroom teacher asked for her help again.
Tsukushi: I see... While it may be a shame, let's start eating first again today.
Mashiro: Okay... It's a shame we can't eat lunch together... Ah. But that might actually be a good thing right now...
Mashiro: If Rui-san and Toko-chan see each other, they might argue.
Tsukushi: Sigh... I wonder what we should do to get them to make up.
Nanami: Tsu-chan, you were unusually stumped yesterday, weren't you? You sternly tried to stop their fight at first, though...
Nanami: When Toko-chan brought up the phones, it seemed you couldn't reply to her like you normally do.
Tsukushi: To be honest... I don't know what's right either. It's like I understand what both of them are saying.
Nanami: Yeah, we have to follow school rules, but... it was a little sudden.
Tsukushi: Yeah... Sigh... I'm supposed to be the leader.
Nanami: Hmm~... For now, I think Rui-rui and Toko-chan are fine as they are.
Mashiro: Huh...? Even though they're fighting?
Nanami: They might be fighting, but I don't think that means they're on bad terms. Even just before, Toko-chan went to have a conversation with her.
Nanami: It looked like she was trying to compromise by figuring out how to get Rui-rui to understand.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it... In the past, she wouldn't try to talk things out and would say, "It's Rui's fault for not listening to what I'm saying!"
Mashiro: Nanami-chan, that's amazing... You were really paying attention. I just felt anxious the whole time...
Nanami: It might've been because Tsu-chan was next to me. It was really reassuring, so I was able to stay calm.
Tsukushi: Nanami-chan... Thanks. But I think that's because you changed.
Tsukushi: When we started the band, you often got flustered. You would look up how to stop a fight on your phone with Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Yeah, that did happen... That's kind of nostalgic.
Nanami: D-did I~? But... yeah.
Nanami: I may have changed.
Nanami: Thanks to my meeting Morfonica, I might've gotten a little stronger~.
Tsukushi: Fufu. You'll be able to grow even more. And, of course, it won't be just you. The rest of us will, too.
Tsukushi: That's why I'm sure something can be done about this situation!
Tsukushi: After all... we're Morfonica!
???: You there. Stop. What is it that you have in your hands?
Tsukushi: ...?
(Black cut)
Student: M-miss Chairwoman... I'm sorry. I was messing with my phone...
Chairwoman: The use of phones is supposed to be banned aside from emergencies. Tell me your grade, class, and full name.
Student: Manatsu Sakurano from Class 2C...
Chairwoman: Manatsu Sakurano of Class 2C. I have memorized your name and face.
Chairwoman: The next time I see you with your phone, I will confiscate it. Please be careful.
Tsukushi, Nanami & Mashiro: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
