34_Tomoe Udagawa_R2 Onstage

<About My Costume>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

Himari: I'm glad we were able to get everyone a good outfit~! I hope they like it.
Tomoe: Me too. All Ran said was, "as long as it's not ugly," so... I hope she's okay with this.
Tomoe: Now we just have to get yours and mine. I thought a bit about what you should wear.
Himari: Wow, you did that for me?
Tomoe: Yeah. You're always full of energy, right? With the band or not, you move around a lot. So maybe you should wear a sporty one-piece dress.
Himari: Ohh, yeah! That idea makes me happy. I don't wear sporty clothes too often... How exciting!
Tomoe: Alright, then let's look for something like that. And lastly, for my outfit...
Tomoe: I give up... I can't think of anything for myself to wear.
Tomoe: Hey, Himari. What's the image everyone has of me?
Himari: Of you? Okay, so this is you~… First, you're very caring and considerate~... I guess, kind of like everyone's big sister.
Himari: But, if you ask me what's everyone's image of you... the number one thing I would say is cool!!
Tomoe: Really? Me?
Himari: Yeah! You're tall, easy-going, and you even look cool. That's the word that's always going through my head... I kinda try to be just like you.
Himari: ... J-just kidding!
Tomoe: I see. I would've never imagined that anyone thinks I'm cool. People usually say I'm "scary-looking." Thank you, Himari.
Himari: Hehehe. You really are cool though♪
Tomoe: Alright, then. You can pick out my outfit for me. Make me look the part, okay?
Himari: Huh? Are you sure?
Tomoe: Of course. I know you'll find just the right thing.
Himari: Hehehe, yes I will! Okay, leave it to me!
(Black cut)
Himari: Hmhmhm♪Tomoe! I found something awesome~! A Himari selection! Try it on~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... Here it is. What do you think? Does it work?
Himari: Wow~! Yeah, it does! You look great! I really do know how to choose 'em. Mhm, mhm.
Tomoe: Haha. Yeah, I know when you pick something out, it'll be a perfect fit.
Tomoe: Thanks, Himari.
Himari: Ahh~, what's gotten into you, Tomoe? Making me feel all embarrassed!
Tomoe: I just have a feeling you understand me more than anyone. Even better than myself.
Himari: Hehe. Really? Well, I'm glad you can have so much faith in me~.
Tomoe: Haha. I couldn't trust you anymore than I do now. I hope you'll keep helping me out, too. Okay?
Himari: Same here♪Alright, let's meet up with everyone. They have to try on these outfits.
Tomoe: Yeah, let's go.


<Sibling Rivalry>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

Tomoe: Hey, thanks for helping out today!
Tomoe: Hahaha, so what did you think? Pretty awesome gig, huh?
Tomoe: It's weird, but whenever I wear my stage outfit, I always play better than I do during practice.
Tomoe: It's kind of like the Happi coats we wear at the festivals. There's something about them that just... puts your head in the game!
Tomoe: By the way, I chose my outfit myself. What do you think? Pretty cool, huh?
Tomoe: I asked Himari for advice about the little things since she's into fashion, and I also helped Tsugu choose something that would suit her, but...
Tomoe: Pff, fufufu, ahahaha! You should've seen the look on Tsugu's face when she first put that outfit on!
Tomoe: Everyone cracked up laughing because it just seemed so strange on her at first. She wears it naturally now though.
Tomoe: I can't help but feel something like that would probably suit my sister better though.
Tomoe: Hm? Is my sister in a band? Yeah, it seems like she just joined it recently.
Tomoe: You've heard of Roselia before, right? They're a pretty serious band...
Tomoe: I was a bit worried at first, but it seems it's actually going pretty well.
Tomoe: She's playing the drums for them and doing her part, you know?
Tomoe: When we were little, she used to follow me around like a baby bird saying "sis~, sis~" all the time...
Tomoe: But now when I see off doing her own thing, I kinda feel both sad and proud at the same time... It's complicated.
Tomoe: Since she's in a different band, we're rivals now. I'm not going to ease off or anything.
Tomoe: But we're both drummers. Perhaps I'll have a practice session with her one of these days... I don't suppose I could ask you to make the studio booking?
Tomoe: Great, that was nice and easy. Thanks!
Tomoe: You're seriously always such a great help.
Tomoe: You're one of the reasons our gig went so well today, you know?
Tomoe: I hope you'll be there for us in the future as well. For me, and for Ako.
Tomoe: ... You know, all this band talk is making me want to go another round on the drums.
Tomoe: Okay, I think I'll head back in for a bit. Catch you later!
