35_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Hard Being Honest

Gacha phrase: ... You really did it, huh Ran.

<Reprimanding Ran>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa)

Tomoe: Sigh... Without gym class today, I've been sitting non-stop.
Tomoe: Now my body feels stiff. This is the perfect time to hit the drums, no holding back... Oh, but it is nice to play with everyone, too.
Tomoe: Hehe, now I'm excited for today's rehearsal.
Tomoe: Ahh~. Although... ever since I got mad at Ran over the incident with her father, she seems kinda distant...
Tomoe: She says there's no reason to worry about her, but she's also the type that doesn't show her feelings...
Tomoe: ... Thinking about it now, I was too hard on her.
Tomoe: If she had said the same thing to me, I'm not sure I would have been able to get over it...
Tomoe: Yeah, I think I have to apologize one more- Oh, I'm already here.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Tomoe: Hello...? No one's here yet, huh? I guess there's still some time left.
Tomoe: I'll just start setting up...
Ran: ... Tomoe?
Tomoe: Hm? ... Ah, Ran. Everyone else is still on their way.
Ran: I can see that... You're early.
Tomoe: I just got here, actually. But you're pretty early, too.
Ran: I wanted to do some more rehearsing for our show...
Tomoe: I see. Same here.
Ran: Yeah. We have to practice some more...
Tomoe: I'm glad to see you're so motivated, but don't overdo it. You'll end up tiring yourself out before the real thing.
Ran: You worry too much. I'm fine. I still take care of myself.
Tomoe: Ah, okay. Well, that's good.
Tomoe: ...
Ran: ...
Ran: Uhm, Tomoe...
Tomoe: ...! E-everything okay?
Ran: ... Uhh... About before... T-thanks. That time... when I was fighting with my father, you were right to tell me off.
Ran: If you didn't get mad at me, I might have kept shutting everyone out and wouldn't have noticed how they felt.
Tomoe: Ran... I don't think that-
Ran: No, it could've happened. It's thanks to you that I felt the determination... no, the courage, to face things head on.
Ran: So... I'm grateful.
Tomoe: Ran...
Tomoe: Actually, I wanted to apologize for what I said.
Ran: No... It doesn't bother me. Your words made sense, and I was making everyone worry.
Tomoe: Even so... I went too far.
Ran: Alright, what about this? We'll say I caused trouble for everyone... you especially. And you went a little too far.
Ran: If we agree to that, then we both have something to apologize for.
Tomoe: ... Okay. I feel better if we put it that way. Thank you.
Ran: ... No big deal. Thank you, too.
Tomoe: ... Uhm, Ran?
Ran: Yeah?
Tomoe: Of course this is true for me, but I think... No, I'm absolutely sure everyone is happy to lend you a hand.
Ran: You mean Girls Band Jam? It'll be okay. I know with everyone's help, we can put on a show that will change my father's mind.
Tomoe: ...
Ran: Tomoe? Something wrong?
Tomoe: No, it's just... I'm surprised to hear you be so open about your feelings.
Tomoe: Maybe... something about that last incident changed you?
Ran: ...?! N-no way... I've always been like this.
Tomoe: Hmm, really?
Tomoe: But you know... If you have changed, that takes away one of my jobs.
Ran: Like I said, I haven't cha- Wait, what "job?"
Tomoe: You know. Since we were kids I've always made sure to scold you properly.
Ran: ... What are you saying? I have no idea what you're talking about.
Tomoe: Haha! If you say so. Anyway... I hope we can continue to be open with each other, okay?
Ran: Yeah... Okay.


<Member Bonds>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

Tomoe: Nice, I think I got just what I needed.
Tomoe: The size, design, and color are all perfect. I think I'll switch it over as soon as I get home.
Tomoe: ... Hm? Ah, {{userName}}-san. Didn't think I'd bump into you here.
Tomoe: Me? I was just shopping for this baby here.
Tomoe: Yeah, it's a snare case. The one I've been using is falling apart, so I decided to pick up a new one.
Tomoe: I'm glad I found something good.
Tomoe: You're... doing some shopping for the live house, huh? We've got practice there tomorrow, by the way.
Tomoe: ... That's right, we're not practicing today.
Tomoe: It's a rest day today. Our next gig is coming up soon, so we're probably going be practicing real serious from tomorrow.
Tomoe: Everyone's starting to get pretty psyched up for the gig.
Tomoe: Yeah, of course. We have little arguments almost every time we practice.
Tomoe: It's usually Ran and I doing the arguing, mind you.
Tomoe: I have a habit of getting a bit fiery, and Ran doesn't know how to compromise.
Tomoe: When it happens we usually just talk it out, play the things we discussed, and then make decisions based on that.
Tomoe: Himari and Tsugu were both a bit reserved in the beginning, but they've started to say what they think.
Tomoe: I think it's really important to express your opinion, you know? If everyone just shrugs then our music is going to end being one-sided.
Tomoe: If we want to improve, then we just have to say what we feel!
Tomoe: ... Hm? What about Moca?
Tomoe: She's usually just staring into space, or making tea or something. But every now and then she says something that's really spot on.
Tomoe: That's right. Despite how she comes across, she has her heated moments too, you know?
Tomoe: Nothing changes on the surface, but sometimes you just tell the fire is burning. It happened during practice just the other day actually.
Tomoe: Mind you, I have no idea what it is that gets her going...
Tomoe: Anyway, things are going pretty well.
Tomoe: ... Oh? You liked what Ran was singing the other day? Were you listening to us practice?
Tomoe: Oh well, doesn't matter. Either way, I'm glad you liked it. Ran's voice is the soul of our band, after all.
Tomoe: When she's in her best condition, we always play really well.
Tomoe: That's why we try to pay extra attention to how she's doing.
Tomoe: ... I look happy when I talk about this?
Tomoe: I guess I can't help it. It just makes me happy when you say nice things about Ran... Weird, huh?
Tomoe: ... But having said that, it wasn't until recently that I felt this way. A lot of things went down, you know?
Tomoe: ... Everything seemed to be okay to you?
Tomoe: Haha, it was far from that. There was a divide between us at one point.
Tomoe: Hard to believe it happened to us, of all bands, right...?
Tomoe: You're wondering what happened? Hrm, yeah... I guess it's okay to tell you.
Tomoe: Have you heard of Girl Jam before? It's an event for all-girl bands.
Tomoe: When we found out we made the cut for the event, I had a bit of an encounter with Ran.
Tomoe: Ran was having some problems at home, and she was just bottling it up because she couldn't tell anyone.
Tomoe: Ran said it was none of our business, but I kind of lost it and told her to stop being so selfish.
Tomoe: I knew that she isn't good at talking about how she feels... The moment I opened my mouth I wished I hadn't...
Tomoe: When I get excited like that, I often say things without thinking about the consequences.
Tomoe: Ran knows how I feel, so I don't need to worry about it?
Tomoe: Haha, thanks. But don't worry, I'm not down about it or anything now. It's a thing of the past, after all.
Tomoe: We even talked about having a hiatus, but... We talked it out, and got through it together!
Tomoe: Yeah, that's the one. We all just laid our feelings on the table that day.
Tomoe: I mean, the whole reason we had the argument is because we didn't say the things we should have.
Tomoe: And not just me and the others, but Ran also faced her family issues too. Thanks to her, we're able to play music to our heart's content now.
Tomoe: I've never felt the strength of the bond between us like I did that day.
Tomoe: ... So yeah, we've known each other for ages, but that was our first official fight.
Tomoe: We'd never had any full on fights before, but this time around I learned just how important it is to share feelings and just talk.
Tomoe: If this whole thing didn't happen, I don't think I ever would have known what Ran was really feeling.
Tomoe: She doesn't like showing anyone any weakness, so honestly it made me happy when she cried in front of us.
Tomoe: It felt like she'd finally opened up her heart to us, after all this time...
Tomoe: Haha, that's true. Tears don't really suit her, huh?
Tomoe: Standing on the stage and singing boldly is what suits Ran best!
Tomoe: When I see her standing there up front, it just sparks this flame inside me. I think it's the same for the others, too.
Tomoe: ... You must be getting tired of listening to me.
Tomoe: I don't know why, but I just let everything out when you're around. You're just... easy to talk to.
Tomoe: Don’t tell anyone I said any of this, okay? Great, it's a promise then.
Tomoe: Okay, I should probably get going.
Tomoe: I hope you're looking forward to our next gig! Trust me, it's going to be awesome!
