142_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Wedding Crasher

Gacha phrase: Stop right there~!!

<Cool Contest>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Ako Udagawa)

[Park]

Ako: And then, you know what I did?! I was all like, bam!!
Tomoe: Mhm, and then what?
Ako: When I did that, everyone in the place went crazy!
Tomoe: Ahaha! Nice job, Ako. That sounds like it was awesome!
Ako: Uh huh! Of course it was!!
Ako: ... Oh, uhh... Hey, Sis. Isn't that Kaoru over there?
Tomoe: ... Looks like her. What's she doing, just sitting on a bench?
Ako: Let's talk to her!
Tomoe: Yeah, let's go.
Ako: Kaoru, hi!!
Kaoru: Hm? I thought I heard the voice of a little kitten in the wind, and what do you know? If it isn't Ako-chan and Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Hey, Seta-senpai. What are you doing here?
Kaoru: Nothing to make a fuss about, I assure you. I've got some time off from band and club activities...
Kaoru: And I'm also taking a break from self-study. So here I am, a free spirit with nothing to compel me into action.
Ako: You did it again, Kaoru! Somehow, even that was cool!
Tomoe: You could say that. How have things been lately?
Kaoru: With theater? Or could you be referring to the band?
Tomoe: Uhhh... Alright, tell us both.
Kaoru: The band is fantastic. The members we've gathered are beyond marvelous. Theater is... Well...
Tomoe: Something wrong?
Kaoru: No, that's not it. In fact, it is going quite well.
Kaoru: There's just this thing.
Tomoe: Something... to do with you?
Kaoru: Precisely. Certainly you remember the day of the photoshoot.
Tomoe: The photoshoot... The one where you were modeling for the wedding place?
Kaoru: Indeed. And so...
Kaoru: I've been pondering. I would like to make use of what I learned during that day in my acting, but I'm not exactly sure how to do so.
Ako: Wedding? Modeling?
Ako: ... Ahh! I remember! The one with you and Saya!
Kaoru: That's right, my little kitten. The one where you two came barging in, in a fit of rage.
Tomoe: ...! W-we're... really sorry about that.
Kaoru: Please, don't be. I am certainly not blaming you for your actions. It is only natural when you see what you saw presented to you.
Tomoe: Ahaha... That makes things a little better. Thanks.
Ako: But, you know! We were super shocked!
Tomoe: Yeah. We thought you two might actually be getting married.
Kaoru: Is that so? Did we really fit the part that well? Fufu, I'm elated to hear you say such a thing.
Kaoru: But thinking about it once more, I couldn't have imagined that you two would appear so suddenly. It was like a drama.
Kaoru: And my emotions followed suit... It felt as if we were in a scene where the groom would have his bride stolen away.
Tomoe: ... You were trying to protect Saya from us when we ran in...
Kaoru: It is only a knight's duty to assure the little kitten's safety, is it not?
Ako: S-so cool...!!
Kaoru: Ako-chan, the thing is... I will take what I have learned, and I will aim to reach even greater heights.
Kaoru: I am unsure of how exactly I can do that, but since I am... me, I will be able to utilize it to its full extent some day.
Ako: M-me too! I'm gonna become cooler too!
Tomoe: That's right.
Tomoe: I know you can do it, Ako. You are my little sister, after all.
Ako: Sis!! Okay! Now I'm really feeling it!
Kaoru: If that's the case, why don't we play a little game? A friendly contest to see who can become cooler.
Ako: Huh?! Me versus Kaoru?!
Ako: I-I accept. I'm not gonna lose!
Tomoe: Haha! I believe in you, Ako.
Ako: Thanks! Leave it to me!
Kaoru: Fufu, it is the very nature of competition itself that makes us humans grow...
Kaoru: Delightful. Through this match with Ako-chan, I will eclipse plateaus I've never imagined.


<Picking A Dress>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Cool, I got the limited edition sweets Ako was asking for. Guess I'll go home now.
Tomoe: Hm? The person over by that poster looks like...
Tomoe: I knew it. {{userName}}-san, what's up?
Tomoe: Saya looks pretty great in this picture, huh? Can't help but stare for a while. Not to mention, that's a completely different Saya than usual.
Tomoe: If I didn't know that was her, I probably wouldn't have recognized her at first glance.
Tomoe: Why is Saya wearing a wedding dress...? Ahaha, well... A lot went down, apparently.
Tomoe: She said that someone she knows from downtown asked her to model as a favor.
Tomoe: I mean, it's kinda hard to say no when you both work in the area, right?
Tomoe: Nah, actually... I just happen to run into her by chance on that day…
Tomoe: It really threw me off. Ako and I were out and about, and we just happen to see Saya wearing that dress.
Tomoe: Right? Anyone would be shocked.
Tomoe: No no, at first I had no idea who it was, but once I saw that it was Saya, I really started freaking out.
Tomoe: Even though Seta-senpai was standing right next to her. I was all over the place...
Tomoe: I was convinced they were gonna get married.
Tomoe: Ridiculous, ain't it? Man, thinking about it now makes me feel so stupid, it's embarrassing.
Tomoe: When I saw them, I decided to ask what was going on, so Ako and I ran in there.
Tomoe: Yup, exactly. It was just like one of those TV dramas. I was like, "Hold everything!!"...
Tomoe: ... I really must have been losing it.
Tomoe: I mean, the groom was Seta-senpai. There's no way Saya and Seta-senpai would be getting married... Right...?
Tomoe: Sigh...
Tomoe: Well, what's done is done. No use in beating myself up any more than I already have.
Tomoe: I'm not sure if this is the right way to describe it, but they fit the part perfectly~.
Tomoe: I mean, they looked good enough to become a poster...
Tomoe: And even though the pictures look great, they were even more impressive in person.
Tomoe: ... But seeing someone wearing a wedding dress got me thinking about the future of everyone in Afterglow. That was weird for me.
Tomoe: A few years could pass, and then, the day might come when one of us would be wearing a dress like that...
Tomoe: Like Ran, for example... If she got married, what would happen to our relationship?
Tomoe: It might change, no? And everyone would go their separate ways...
Tomoe: I wonder if we would grow apart like that...
Tomoe: ... Nah, I don't even have to wonder.
Tomoe: No matter what happens, it won't change our relationships. We've been together since the start, and it'll stay that way until the end!
Tomoe: ...Ah, my bad. Sorta talking to myself there, huh? Didn't mean to leave you out of the loop.
Tomoe: But it's no big deal... Or I guess, there's nothing to worry about, is what I'm saying.
Tomoe: Oh, I gotta get back. Poor little Ako is waiting for these sweets.
Tomoe: Alright, I'm gonna get going. Thanks for listening to me ramble on for so long.
