156_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Pajama Patient

Gacha phrase: Ako, I don't want you catching my cold. Stay back.

<Hero Of Justice>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tomoe: (My body feels so light. It's hard to believe that I was sick until yesterday. In fact, it's kinda scary just how good I feel.)
Tomoe: I wonder if this is thanks to Ako taking care of me and the things that Tsugu and the others brought.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tomoe: Good morning.
Tsugumi: Ah, Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Oh, Tsugu! Yo.
Tsugumi: Hey! Are you feeling okay today?
Tomoe: I'm all better. I feel like I could perform in a show at this very moment.
Tsugumi: Ahaha. Well, you're still recovering, so you might want to wait a bit until your next performance.
Tsugumi: But it's good to hear that you're feeling better...
Tomoe: Tsugu... Sorry I made you worry.
Tomoe: And I know you just said I should wait, but I was being serious. If you want, we can put on a show.
Tsugumi: Fufu, then you really are feeling better.
Tomoe: Yup. It's because I drank so much of that black ginger tea you brought. I still feel really warm inside. Thanks for bringing it.
Tsugumi: Ehehe... As long as it helped, I'm glad.
Tsugumi: You know, though, black ginger tea can help keep you warm, but it has a unique flavor, so I wasn't sure whether or not I should bring it. Did it taste okay?
Tomoe: Yeah, it was good. Ako actually put a bunch of honey in it.
Tsugumi: She did?
Tomoe: That's right. The whole time I was in bed sick, Ako was there. She was a really attentive nurse.
Tsugumi: Wow, really? I've known Ako-chan for really long, but... Fufu, she's grown quite a bit.
Tomoe: Yep. You always hear people say, "You've gotten a lot bigger since the last time I saw you," but that really is the case sometimes.
Tomoe: Like, I don't remember Ako knowing how to cook, but she made chicken dumpling soup for me.
Tsugumi: Chicken dumplings...? Oh, yeah. From Hagumi-chan!
Tsugumi: She did exactly as Hagumi-chan said and made them into a soup, huh? Fufu, amazing!
Tomoe: Right? Not only that but...
Tsugumi: (Tomoe-chan sounds so excited about this.)
Tsugumi: (That's so nice. I think I'm feeling kind of jealous, being an only child and all.)
Ako: Excuse me! Are you here, Sis~?
Tomoe: Huh, Ako? What are you doing on the high school side of the school?
Ako: Ah! Sis, I found you~!
Ako: Here you go! You forgot your jersey, so I brought it for you.
Tomoe: Oh, yeah! There's PE class today!
Tsugumi: Ako-chan, you came all the way here just to give Tomoe-chan her jersey? That's admirable!
Ako: Ehehe. I'm always there when my sister needs me!
Ako: Because I'm her little sister!!
Ako: ... Even though I forgot to give it to her on our way to school.
Tsugumi: That's still okay. Once you remembered, you came to our classroom just for that reason.
Tsugumi: Not to mention, "I'm always there when my sister needs me!"...
Tsugumi: It's like you're a superhero. That's really cool!
Ako: C-cool...? Really?!
Tsugumi: Yeah, really! Sigh, you're so lucky, Tomoe-chan. I wish I had someone who helps me in my time of need...
Tsugumi: Ako-chan. If I get sick and need help, will you take care of me?
Ako: Of course! I can nurse you back to health too, Tsugu-chin!
Tsugumi: Yay, thank you!
Tomoe: Huh... That's too bad.
Ako: What? Why?
Tomoe: Well, I thought you were my personal nurse... But here you are, saying you'd take care of Tsugu too...
Ako: I-I...!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...?
Tsugumi: (I wonder what's wrong... Tomoe-chan isn't the type to say something mean like that...)
Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: (Ah... Fufu, I get it.)
Ako: Sis, I...!
Tsugumi: B-but I'd really like it if Ako-chan could take care of me too~...
Ako: ...!
Tomoe: Well, Ako?
Ako: ...!! Ts-Tsugu-chin... I'm sorry!
Ako: Actually, I can only take care of my sister!
Tomoe: Pft... Ahaha...!
Tsugumi: Fu... Fufu... Fufufu...!
Ako: S-Sis... Tsugu-chin...?
Tomoe: S-sorry, Ako. Sorry.
Tsugumi: Yeah, we're sorry.
Tomoe: Fufu, the fact that you would say that was so...
Tomoe & Tsugumi: Obvious.


<A Sister's Role>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Studio Reception Area]

Tomoe: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Hey, how's it going?
Tomoe: Oh, yeah. We just finished using the studio. Were you about to clean it?
Tomoe: Haha, I thought so. Thanks, you're always so helpful.
Tomoe: It's because of your hard work every day cleaning this place that we're so comfortable using it.
Tomoe: That reminds me, do you mind if I tell you about something that happened recently?
Tomoe: So the other day at school, I caught a cold and had to head home early.
Tomoe: Nah, I'm alright now, but when I was actually sick it really sucked.
Tomoe: The whole going home early thing was fine and all, but both of my parents were out that day...
Tomoe: And I hadn't realized that until I actually got there. Not to mention, I didn't know we were all out of medicine... I really didn't have the best luck.
Tomoe: Hm? Yeah, I had Ako buy me some medicine on her way home from school.
Tomoe: The whole time I was waiting for her, I was in bed staring at the ceiling...
Tomoe: You know, people really start to feel lonely and helpless when they're sick and feeling weak. I kept wondering when Ako was gonna come home, which is really unlike me.
Tomoe: Then, finally... Maybe 10 minutes later, Ako came bursting through the door, all out of breath. I felt so relieved.
Tomoe: I should've felt bad for making her worry so much, but none of those thoughts came to mind. The only thing I felt at that moment was relief.
Tomoe: ... Yep, you're exactly right. Just having someone nearby can help people feel at ease.
Tomoe: I feel like that part is the same when it comes to bands...
Tomoe: You have the strength to work your hardest, no matter how discouraged you're feeling, as long as you have your friends with you.
Tomoe: Anyway, back to the story. As soon as Ako got home, she was running back and forth, taking care of me in every way that she could.
Tomoe: Haha, I know. You didn't expect that, did you? Yep, that Ako was my very own nurse.
Tomoe: The Ako who has always been in my shadow. She's really matured in such a short time...
Tomoe: I'm the one who's around her the most, and I didn't even realize... It's kinda sad.
Tomoe: Maybe that's just it, though. I spend so much time around her that, maybe, it's hard to notice that she's growing up.
Tomoe: She came to my room so many times to see how I was doing since I was stuck in bed. She did a bunch of cooking for me...
Tomoe: I really owe her for everything she did for me that day.
Tomoe: Up until recently, I was the one taking care of her... Or maybe I'd say I was pulling her along, but just from a little cold, our roles were flipped. Definitely didn't see that coming.
Tomoe: ... No, I wouldn't say I feel sad about it. It just makes me think about how much Ako has matured. I'm impressed.
Tomoe: I mean, like I said, I've spent a lot of time pulling her along.
Tomoe: Though sometimes I think it's okay to spoil her, too.
Tomoe: But only sometimes. If I just spoil her all the time, I'll lose face as her big sister...
Tomoe: And I want to make sure I can always be Ako's big sister.
Tomoe: I am aware, though, that it could be hard to keep on playing the same role as she gets older.
Tomoe: So I'm hoping we'll be able to develop the kind of relationship where we're both supporting each other.
Tomoe: Haha, no need for the compliments.
Tomoe: I don't really think what I was saying was a big deal, and I certainly didn't do anything that praiseworthy.
Tomoe: However... Hearing you say that makes me feel like I had the right idea.
Tomoe: Yeah... Thanks to that, I'm feeling more relaxed.
Tomoe: It's so weird. It's like your words have the power to help people feel at ease. Kinda like magic.
Tomoe: But even after everything I just said, I'll always want to be Ako's big sister.
Tomoe: I mean, she says she wants to be just like me, after all.
Tomoe: I can't let her down. So, I have to keep doing my best to be her "cool big sister."
Tomoe: You'll be cheering me on? Haha, thanks.
Tomoe: You're really nice, {{userName}}-san.
Tomoe: ... Oh, looks like I took up a lot of time.
Tomoe: Sorry to distract you while you're at work.
Tomoe: Alright, I'm gonna get going. See ya later, {{userName}}-san!
