346_Tomoe Udagawa_R2 Rock and Glow

<Our Own Motifs>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Tomoe: Himari~, if you don't have any club activities today, wanna walk home together?
Himari: Sounds good to me~! I actually had something I wanted to ask you about!
Tomoe: Me? What's that?
Himari: So we were talking about new outfits for our band, right? I came up with some ideas~!
Himari: I think they're pretty good, if I do say so myself.
Tomoe: Ahaha, well aren't you full of confidence! What'd you come up with?
Himari: I thought it would be easier to find what we have in common if I came up with an outfit in each member's image first!
Himari: So I've been thinking a lot about that!
Himari: Let's start with Ran! What comes to mind, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Hm, lemme see... I'd have to say vocals and the guitar. Our sound relies on her. We'd get nowhere if she wasn't there.
Himari: Ugh~. Yes~, but no! Not that! When you think of Ran, you think of flowers!
Tomoe: Flowers? Yeah, you could say that. They go hand in hand with her family name.
Himari: Exactly. And I heard she's been working really hard studying flower arranging recently. So Ran equals flowers!
Himari: So maybe we can buy a bunch of the same type of flowers, have Ran make them into a corsage, and then have us all wear them! What do you think?
Tomoe: Hmm~... It sounds like it'd be pretty, but wouldn't they just die after the performance?
Tomoe: I don't think it's too bad of an idea though. Just that we'd have to prepare new ones every single time. In which case, wouldn't it be better to get fake flowers?
Himari: Y-yeah... But flower arranging and fake flowers don't really go together, so that idea's no good, huh...?
Himari: O-okay then! What about Moca?! What comes to mind when you think of Moca?!
Tomoe: My image of Moca... is that she does everything at her own pace, but is surprisingly observant at the same time, I guess.
Tomoe: And, you know, she really likes bread.
Himari: Bread...! Th-that's right! Yeah~, if we had bread-themed accessories, it would be totally cute...!
Tomoe: You mean you thought of something else? What'd you come up with as an outfit for Moca?
Himari: Uhm~... L-like, something a convenience store clerk would wear...
Tomoe: ... So cosplay?
Himari: Ngh, no~! Obviously, the first thing I thought of was bread, but... I couldn't really come up with a good idea for that outfit...
Himari: But think about it! She works a part-time job at a convenience store! So I figured something in that style could work~!
Tomoe: I might understand that outfit if all five of us had the same part-time job...
Himari: Yeah, you're right... I guess this is no good too, huh...? I should've went with the bread idea~.
Himari: A-alright, next is Tsugu! What comes to mind for you?
Tomoe: Tsugu is... a hard worker, definitely. Sometimes she overdoes it, so you have to make sure to watch over her.
Tomoe: And if you wanted a Tsugu-like outfit... I'm guessing you'd go with something a worker at a café would wear?
Himari: I was wondering if something in that style could be cute~. My idea was accessories with a coffee theme~.
Himari: Something like a hairpin with a coffee cup on it... Adorable, right~?
Tomoe: Yeah. True, but... wouldn't you say that coffee has that relaxed, jazzy image going for it?
Himari: ... So you think so too? I actually thought the same thing~... Ohh~, another idea out the window...
Tomoe: I know you might wanna go with the café theme, but I feel like that doesn't really match the type of music we play.
Tomoe: By the way, what kind of outfit would you say fits my image?
Himari: Well, you're in the dance club! Remember that one time you had that street look going?! That was so cool~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, so we all have completely different styles! I think you might have a hard time finding something in common with all of those.
Himari: Ohh~... B-but I can't think of anything else~! Tomoe~! What would be an outfit that suits us~?!
Tomoe: Take it down a notch, Himari. I say you should start by thinking about accessories.
Tomoe: Let's go check some out later today. Something might hit you while we're browsing!


<Drumhead Image>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Edogawa Music]

Tomoe: Hey, {{userName}}-san. Yeah, I was looking at this drum catalog.
Tomoe: Nah, I'm not looking to buy a new drum set. I just feel like my drum head is starting to wear down, so I was thinking of replacing it.
Tomoe: But that's an idea... A new instrument, huh?
Tomoe: I mean, yeah. I'd love to buy one.
Tomoe: We're making new outfits right now, so it would be nice to get another drum set at the same time.
Tomoe: But that's not something where you can just up and buy a new one, you know~... I'll put that off for another time.
Tomoe: And compared to an entire set, the drum head is actually something I have a chance of being able to pay for! I'll just wait before I do anything too new for myself.
Tomoe: While I was here though, I figured I would see if the same maker had put out something new. That's why I was looking at this catalog. That's when this ad caught my attention.
Tomoe: This one. It's a printing service for drum heads.
Tomoe: Yep. Like when they put the band's name on the bass drum, exactly. A lot of famous bands do that, don't they?
Tomoe: And so it makes me want that too. I bet it would feel awesome to be able to play one of our songs on a drum that says Afterglow on it.
Tomoe: It sucks that the address they have written is so far from here... Too bad, huh?
Tomoe: I wanted to try it out though~... I guess delivery could work too, but whatever. I'll forget about it for now.
Tomoe: ... What?! Some people do it themselves?!
Tomoe: Seriously?! When you hear someone say they can make something on their own, doesn't it make you wanna give it a shot too?!
Tomoe: They probably use some sort of sticker that they can cut into their logo and put right on the drum... I wonder what kind...
Tomoe: ... Wait a sec'. You can... do the same with outfits too, no?!
Tomoe: Yeah, like when you iron them on! I've heard of people ironing letters onto their happi for festivals too!
Tomoe: Oh, but... I feel like they also said that the surrounding fabric ended up changing color...
Tomoe: Nah, but there are probably much cleaner ways to do it than with an iron... I gotta start by looking this up!
Tomoe: Thanks, {{userName}}-san!
