443_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 The Thrill of Taiko

Gacha phrase: Alright, everyone! On three, we start with our chant!! One... Two... Three!!

<Words from the Heart>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: And then, we made the sky clear up with our drumming and chanting!
Ran: Huh...? You're joking, right? You can't be serious.
Moca: Tomo-chin~, that's impossible~. It was just a happy accident, that's all.
Tomoe: No way! This was no accident! The sky was completely clouded over up until that point! Then poof! They vanish into thin air!
Ran: That just sounds like dumb luck.
Tomoe: You're just saying that because you weren't there! Luck had nothing to do with it! I am absolutely sure!
Moca: Tomo-chin, chill out~. Fine~, Mister Sun decided to come out and play because you and your friends banged your drums and sang to it. If that's what you believe, that's cool~.
Tomoe: Moca... You still don't believe me, do you...?
Himari: S-still, in a way, you can kind of see it! You know, it's like your wishes reached the sky above!
Moca: Hii-chan, stop spewing nonsense~. What does that even mean...?
Himari: Uhm, you know... It's like that one saying... Ah! "Anything is possible as long as you believe!" Right?
Tsugumi: I'm not sure if that applies here... But people have held ceremonies and such asking for good weather since ancient times. Is that what you're thinking of?
Himari: Exactly! I knew you'd understand, Tsugu~. You took the words right out of my mouth!
Moca: Whatcha think, Ran? Do you get it?
Ran: Not at all.
Tomoe: ... Forget it. If you had been there, it would all make sense. What a shame you couldn't be there.
Moca: Alright, Tomo-chin, then do it again. Right here, right now~.
Tomoe: Huh? But it's not even raining?
Himari: Ah, how about three days from now? There's a tennis match that day, but the forecast says it's going to rain. I want it to be nice and sunny.
Tomoe: Oh, that's perfect! Alright, so how about we get together then?
Moca: What~? But that's a day off~. I don't wanna get together just for that~.
Ran: Yeah, count me out too.
Moca: Tomo-chin, do it now~. You can do it~. I believe in you~.
Tomoe: When you put it like that, I can't back down, can I? Alright, Himari, let's do this!
Himari: Huh?! Why me?!
Tomoe: Isn't it obvious? You're the one who said you wanted it to be sunny for the tennis match. You're seriously not gonna help me chant?
Himari: I-I suppose you've got a point... Huh? Wait, when you say 'chant', does that mean there's something I have to say?
Tomoe: Of course! It goes like this...
Tomoe: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-ya!!
Tomoe: If you shout that at the top of your lungs, all those future rain clouds should be blown away.
Himari: Wow... That's way more embarrassing than I thought it'd be.
Tomoe: This chant contains... words from the hearts of three bands.
Tsugumi: W-words from the heart?
Moca: So that means our band's heart is represented by 'soi-ya', huh~? That word doesn't mean anything to me, though~. How about you, Ran?
Ran: I can't say I'm much of a fan.
Tomoe: Okay! Come on, Himari! Here we go!
Himari: Huh?! Do I really have to do it too?!
Tomoe: Of course you do! Our spirits need to reach the sky of the future!
Himari: Our spirits...? The sky of the future? What do you mean?
Tomoe: Basically, just shout as loud as you can!
Moca: Ahaha~. You can do it, Hii-chan~.
Tomoe: Alright, here we go, Himari!
Tomoe: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-ya!!
Himari: H-happy, lucky... Popipapa, s-soi-ya...?
Tomoe: I can't hear you, Himari!
Moca: Yeah, Hii-chan, you can't expect a quiet chant like that to travel three days into the future~.
Tomoe: Don't project from your throat, Himari! Bring it from your belly!
Tomoe: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-ya!!
Himari: Ugh~!! Fine! You'll leave me alone if I yell, right~?!
Himari: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-ya!
Tomoe: One more time! Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-yaaa~!!
Himari: Happy! Lucky! Popipapa! Soi-ya!!
Moca: Hey, Ran~... Has Tomo-chin always been like this...?
Ran: She might have been brainwashed by Kokoro and Kasumi...
Tomoe: That's it, Himari, you're almost there! One more time~!


<Supernova of Hope>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Oh, {{userName}}-san. Doing some shopping?
Tomoe: Me? I'm on my way to taiko practice.
Tomoe: Ah, were you at the last festival?
Tomoe: Aw, man, that sucks. I would've loved to have you there~. I was playing the taiko drums that day.
Tomoe: Ah, and it wasn't just me this time. Kasumi, Kokoro, and Misaki played with me.
Tomoe: They just happened to hear me practicing and said they wanted to perform with me! I was pretty happy about that.
Tomoe: We don't really have anyone like Kokoro in Afterglow, so she kind of confused me at first. But once we started getting to know each other, we clicked, just like that!
Tomoe: I mean, anyone who likes taiko can't be a bad person! In any case, we had a lot of fun!
Tomoe: Ah, that reminds me, something unbelievable happened that day...
Tomoe: You know how it was raining all the way up until the day of the festival? You see, there's a chance that what stopped that rain was... our chanting and the power of taiko...
Tomoe: Ah, you don't believe me, do you? It's the truth, I swear!
Tomoe: Once we started chanting and beating our drums, the clouds started to disappear, and by the end, the sun was shining!
Tomoe: It was absolutely pouring up until then. Ah, and I'm pretty sure there was thunder and lightning too...
Tomoe: All of that stopped in an instant. No doubt about it, our spirits must have reached the skies above.
Tomoe: Huh? You don't remember any thunder that day?
Tomoe: I-I guess my memory's a little fuzzy on the details, but the sky really did clear up! That's for sure!
Tomoe: Seriously...? You don't believe me either? I guess you just had to be there...
Tomoe: Either way, the best part about that day for me was playing the taiko drums with everyone.
Tomoe: Kasumi and Kokoro really had a knack for it too. Especially Kokoro! If she kept at it, I think she would become a star in the world of taiko drumming.
Tomoe: Actually, we all decided to practice taiko together again in the future.
Tomoe: I'm pretty excited to see what happens, to be honest.
Tomoe: ... Ah! Maybe I should ask Kokoro to come to Afterglow's practices too!
Tomoe: I mean, the other band members have never really had the chance to get to know her, you know?
Tomoe: This is the perfect opportunity for them to become closer. It'd be awesome.
Tomoe: Plus, I really want to see how Ran and Moca would react to Kokoro.
Tomoe: Alright, I'll have to ask everyone about their availability and set up a good time to meet up.
Tomoe: I think CiRCLE would be the best place to hold it, so I'll let you know when I've got everything ready, okay?
Tomoe: ... Ah, I better get going, or I'll be late for taiko practice.
Tomoe: See ya!
