561_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Cool Red

Gacha phrase: I saw it first~!

<Each Card>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Moca: Ah... Tomo-chin, Tomo-chin, do you see what I see~?
Tomoe: Hm? What's up, Moca? Is something wrong with that post office?
Moca: Come on, look closer. They've put out the Christmas cards~.
Tomoe: Oh yeah! Since we're already here, why don't we go check them out?
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Whoa... I didn't think they'd have this many.
Moca: Yeah, they've got everything here~. From stylish cards to cutesy cards. They've even got cards for kids~.
Tomoe: Himari would love this one~.
Moca: Hey, wouldn't Ran like this? It's pretty cool-looking, and it's red.
Tomoe: Oh yeah, she'd love that for sure! Now I kinda want to try finding a card for everyone~.
Moca: Sounds like fun~. Then all that's left is me, you, and Tsugu~. Good luck, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Tsugu and Moca, huh...? Where should I start?
Tomoe: Let's see... I kinda know what to get Tsugu, but you're a tough one, Moca. I feel like you'll throw me a curve ball.
Moca: Come on, that's not true~... Ah, something like this would work for me.
Tomoe: Oh, yeah, that! What's this thing called again?
Moca: A gingerbread man~.
Tomoe: Yeah, that's it! You would like something like that.
Moca: Right~?
Tomoe: If that's what you pick, then... I'll go with this for me.
Moca: Oh~, a simple and sleek card~.
Tomoe: The design's pretty nice, isn't it?
Moca: Very stylish~. You would pick a card like that~.  Although... wouldn't this one be a better fit for you?
Tomoe: Huh? What the heck is that...? Is that a mechanical reindeer?
Tomoe: Ahaha, you're kidding, right? I'm not a kid, you know.
Moca: Exactly. You loved this stuff when you were little, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Ah... Yeah, you're probably right there...
Moca: You know, your interests have really changed, Tomo-chin. You're growing up so fast~.
Tomoe: C-cut it out! You're embarrassing me...
Moca: Aww~, what's the big deal? This is Tomo-chin too.
Tomoe: ...Thinking back on it now, I really hated cutesy things as a kid.
Tomoe: But after hanging around with Himari and Tsugu for a while, I realized stuff like that isn't so bad.
Tomoe: And eventually I started liking the same simple designs you and Ran enjoy so much.
Moca: Sounds like your tastes have quite the history to them~.
Tomoe: Haha, you're making it sound more impressive than it is.
Moca: Does that mean you've learned to love the same cutesy designs as Hii-chan too?
Tomoe: Well, I don't hate them, but... Wouldn't it be weird seeing me with that frilly pink stuff?
Moca: No way, the fact that it feels so wrong just makes it all the more right~.
Tomoe: What the heck is that supposed to mean?!  ... You know what? I'm gonna buy this.
Moca: Oh, the mecha reindeer card.
Tomoe: Yeah, talking like this has got me reminiscing about the old me. Buying something like this every once in a while can't hurt.
Moca: Fufu~, then I'll get this~.
Tomoe: Why don't we grab a card for Tsugu and everyone else and give them out as presents?
Moca: Sounds like a plan~♪ This is gonna be fun~.


<Enough To Start A Fight?>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Ahaha! Sorry, I gotta go!  I'll stop by some other time, I promise! See you later!
Tomoe: ... Hm?  {{userName}}-san! Fancy meeting you here!
Tomoe: Me? My parents asked me to go out and get a few things. You caught me right in the middle of my shopping spree.
Tomoe: When I got here, the man who runs the vegetable stand called me over and we started talking. He asked if I planned on stopping by his store today... Ahaha.
Tomoe: I'm pretty familiar with the shopkeepers here, so they're always calling out to me.
Tomoe: I've been coming here out on errands since I was a little kid, so I know them all really well.
Tomoe: Ah, speaking of errands!
Tomoe: Did you know that out of all the members, I was the first one to be sent on an errand?! It came up when the members of Afterglow and I were talking about our past.
Tomoe: I still remember bragging about it to everyone. Ran even started a fight about it.
Tomoe: You know how Ran hates to lose, right? Well, she was the same way as a kid~.
Tomoe: So she and I were always getting worked up over the tiniest stuff back then.
Tomoe: ... We haven't changed at all?!
Tomoe: A-ahaha... So you think so too, {{userName}}-san?
Tomoe: Everyone in Afterglow was saying the same thing. I guess I kind of agree...
Tomoe: Others see us that way too, huh? It's not just our friends.
Tomoe: I mean, I'm used to hearing it from everyone in Afterglow, but having someone else say it feels a little weird...
Tomoe: ... I realized something when the five of us were talking about the past. We really haven't changed that much, and that's something I shouldn't take for granted.
Tomoe: Tsugu is always there to give us an extra push right when we need it most, and Himari works hard to make sure we're all having a good time.
Tomoe: Moca is, well, Moca, but just seeing her be so relaxed puts us at ease too.
Tomoe: Ran can be stubborn, but she also gets lonely easily... There's no one who cares more about friendship than her.
Tomoe: All their good points haven't changed since we were little, and for some reason that makes me really happy.
Tomoe: ... You don't think I've changed much either? Ahaha! You're probably right!
Tomoe: ... Ran and I will probably continue to butt heads from time to time.
Tomoe: Not that I'm a big fan of arguing. I just think having someone who's willing to speak their mind around me is really important.
Tomoe: ... Ah, sorry, I'm just rambling now. I better get back to shopping.
Tomoe: Thanks for listening to all that, {{userName}}-san! See you later!
