663_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Intense Upperclassmen

<A Kind Upperclassman>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tsugumi: Hm? Tomoe-chan? Why're you standing outside the clubroom?
Tomoe: Ah, Tsugu... I'm waiting for a good time to go inside.
Tsugumi: What's the matter? Observation day for the clubs is finally here. You were the first one out the door as soon as homeroom was over.
Tomoe: I'm looking forward to meeting the first-year students, but...
Tomoe: Come on, don't you remember how I freaked them out the other day? They thought I was some kind of delinquent.
Tsugumi: You mean that time when they thought the same thing about Ran-chan, right?
Tomoe: Uh-huh. Most people are scared when they first meet me.
Tomoe: Those new students have gone to the trouble of coming to see us. I wouldn't want to scare them off.
Tsugumi: That explains why you're out here...
Tsugumi: Fufu, the fact that you care this much goes to show how nice you are, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Nah~, I'd just rather not make them uncomfortable if I can help it.
Tomoe: It's times like these when I envy you the most, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: Huh? Me?
Tomoe: Yeah, man. You've never scared any underclassmen, have you?
Tsugumi: No, I suppose I haven't...
Tsugumi: But that's because I don't really look the part of an upperclassman... There've been times when I was mistaken as the younger one...
Tomoe: I mean, there's a good reason for that, right? You're such an approachable person! Yeah, that's it!
Tsugumi: It'd be nice if that's all it is... Thank you, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Hahaha...
Tomoe: If only some of that could rub off on me~...
Tomoe: Hm, hold up. Maybe I could take a page from your book and try to act like you would!
Tsugumi: How I would? What do you mean?
Tomoe: It'd be like...
(White cut)
Tomoe: Okay, time to start rehearsing! Let's give it our all!
Tomoe: That was an amazing performance! Keep up the good work, everyone!
(White cut)
Tomoe: I ran it through my head, but... I just looked creepy. Nope. Scratch that idea.
Tsugumi: So did I, and it'd probably be best to try a different tactic...
Tomoe: There's gotta be something that'll work...
Tsugumi: Hmmm, why not do it the way you always do and simply be yourself?
Tomoe: The way I always do?
Tsugumi: Yeah, there's no need to change who you are. You're at your best when you're true to yourself.
Tomoe: Tsugu...
Tsugumi: Sure, there have been times where you've scared people, but you've also managed to make a lot of friends, haven't you?
Tsugumi: And here you are, trying your hardest to better yourself and make a special effort to not frighten others. Tomoe-chan, you're such a kind person.
Tsugumi: If you give them a chance to slowly get to know the real you, things will fall into place.
Tomoe: ... Huh... Yeah!
Tomoe: You're right! The whole thing is pointless if they're not getting to know the real me!
Tsugumi: Mhm, so that's why you should be yourself.
Tomoe: Thanks a ton, Tsugu!
Tomoe: Alright, here goes! Time to give these first-years an awesome welcoming like only a good mentor can!
Tsugumi: Yeah! Good luck, Tomoe-chan!


<Overflowing Memories>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Tomoe: Yo, {{userName}}-san. Nice to see ya.
Tomoe: Hm? Rehearsal? Ah, nope. That's not why I'm here, actually.
Tomoe: Roselia's using the studio at the moment, right?
Tomoe: Well, I've got plans to meet Ako after they're done. So here I am.
Tomoe: But I guess I'm a bit early to the party.
Tomoe: Yeah, we're gonna hang out together. Still haven't decided where that'll be, though.
Tomoe: Ako is gonna be in high school with the rest of us, you know? So we've decided to go celebrate that.
Tomoe: ... Hm? Congrats on moving up a year? Ah, you're talking about me!
Tomoe: Hahaha, thanks for that.
Tomoe: Whoa... Can't believe I'm in my second year of high school now. Time really does fly by, I swear.
Tomoe: I've been coming to CiRCLE since the beginning of last school year.
Tomoe: It's only been a year, but so much has happened since then~. For myself and for the band. It's been a wild ride.
Tomoe: ... Come to think of it, you were with Saya and the others when you guys invited us to join that first event, weren't you?
Tomoe: That was how I got to know the girls from Poppin'Party, Roselia, Pastel＊Palettes and Hello, Happy World!
Tomoe: And now I'm on good terms with you and Marina-san, too.
Tomoe: Man, I'm so glad I took part in Girls Band Party!
Tomoe: Trying new stuff is the way to go! You'll never know what's in store if you don't give it a whirl.
Tomoe: I want to be even more adventurous than I was last year.
Tomoe: I mean, the girl-band boom is at an all-time high right now, so I'm sure the shows are gonna keep coming.
Tomoe: Haha, we'll be working around the clock!
Tomoe: ... Ah! Of course, if any CiRCLE events are going down, we'll be the first ones on the scene!
Tomoe: Because this is a super special place for us.
Tomoe: Anyway, wish me luck in my second year!
Tomoe: ... Oh, looks like their rehearsal is over. Ako and the others are walking out.
Tomoe: Alright, I'm out. See ya!
Tomoe: Let me know when you set up the next event!
