692_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Full Power Rehearsal

Gacha phrase: What we can't say with words, we'll say with music.

<Special MC Part 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day Before Girls Band Party]

[Studio]

Tomoe: ... There. Did that sound good?
Tsugumi: Yeah! That was great!
Moca: Agreed~. Ran's guitar work was amazing too~. You're really into it today.
Ran: I'm just playing the same as usual. If you're gonna be like that, Moca-
Himari: Argh~, don't start, you two~!
Tomoe: Ahaha! Everyone's really fired up! At this rate, tomorrow's gonna be a breeze!
Tsugumi: Fufu, I think so too.
Himari: Well yeah, we really put our all into practice this time around. By the way... Is there anything else we need to do...?
Tomoe: Lemme think... We still need to decide on an introduction for our band, right?
Moca: So like an MC~?
Ran: Can't we just say, "We are Afterglow," or something like that?
Himari: I suppose that's how we usually do it, huh? That or we just kinda go with the flow.
Tomoe: Well, yeah, but this concert's different, you know?
Tomoe: So wouldn't it be better to put in a little extra effort this time around?
Ran: Well... Yeah, you've got a point.
Tsugumi: How do we do that though?
Tomoe: That's exactly what we need to figure out!
Tomoe: Personally, I'd like it to leave an impact on the audience. Although I can't really think of anything.
Himari: That's true. It's actually kinda hard to think of something good to say.
Moca: Something with impact, huh~...? How about, "Never fear, Afterglow is here~!"
Ran: That's just saying our name though.
Himari: And our band image is nothing like that!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Hmm, this really is difficult.
Tsugumi: Since there are so many bands, we don't really have all that much time either... We need something short that'll get everyone's attention.
Tomoe: Exactly! We need something that'll deliver a good punch, like bam!
Tomoe: ... In that case, should we come up with a saying of some kind?
Ran: Like what?
Tomoe: You know, something like you see at a festival! Having some sort of cheer would really get the crowd going!
Ran: You mean, like chanting along with the audience...? That's a bit too different from what we usually do.
Tomoe: Awww... I thought it was a good idea.
Moca: What if we had poses instead of a cheer~?
Moca: Like this~. Yay! Feeling excited yet~?
Himari: Ahaha! Moca, what is that pose?!
Moca: It's my pose for 'I love buns'~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's just like you, Moca-chan. Then maybe I should pose like I'm pouring someone a cup of coffee...
Tomoe: Oh, that sounds good to me. What about you, Ran?
Ran: No way, I am not doing that. Besides, we can't call doing poses an introduction or MCing.
Himari: Oh yeah... We really can't.
Tomoe: Really? It seemed like a pretty good idea to me.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Looks like we're back to square one. What should we do...?
Himari: At this rate, we're not going to have anything special for our introduction! What should we do, Ran~?!
Ran: Don't look at me...
Moca: Looks like we're done for~.
All: Hmm...
Tsugumi: I understand why you want to do something special, Tomoe-chan, but...
Himari: We just can't think of anything to do.
Tomoe: It feels like we're getting close though... If we can't use words or our appearance, then... Hmm...
Tomoe: ... I've got it!!
Himari: Whoa! Y-you scared me~!
Tomoe: My bad, my bad. But I think I finally figured it out!
Ran: You did?
Tomoe: Yeah! And I'm sure you're all gonna love this awesome idea!


<Special MC Part 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: So what's this awesome idea of yours?
Tomoe: Fufufu. You see... We'll use this!
Himari: You mean, your drums? I don't think that's going to work as our-
Tomoe: Oh, but it will!
Tomoe: Instead of having some sort of speech to leave an impression, we can use these! What we can't say with words, we'll say with music. I mean, we're a band, aren't we?!
Moca: Oho~, cool as ever, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Now we just gotta figure out what to play. We don't have much time, so why don't we all play solos? We could begin with one person, and then gradually we all start playing our parts.
Ran: Solos that build off of one another, huh? Yeah, I like it. Not a bad idea for you, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: Yeah, I think it's a great idea!
Himari: No complaints here!
Tomoe: Alright!
Tomoe: What if we had the spotlight shine on each member in order?! That way we could all show off our individual sounds!
Himari: Wow, that sounds so cool!
Tsugumi: And if we do that, it won't eat up a lot of time either... Yeah, I like it!
Ran: So that's how we're going to introduce ourselves, huh? Shouldn't we decide the order then? We don't usually do this sort of thing.
Moca: Oh, oh, I know~! I think we should start from our vocalist~!
Ran: Uh... Can't we start from someone else?
Moca: Awww~, come on, Ran. Play along~.
Ran: No way. Starting from the vocals sounds terrible.
Tomoe: Ahaha, I think I know what you mean! Then what about the guita- No, wait, it'd be way cooler if we started from the bass and went from there!
Himari: So we're going to start with me then. Hmm... In that case... how about this?
Tomoe: Oh! I like it! Alright, if that's what your bass is gonna sound like... Then how about something like this?
Tsugumi: Whoa, that sounds so powerful!
Himari: Well, if you're going to play like that, maybe I should amp it up a notch.
Himari: Let's see. Instead of that last phrase, how about... something a little cooler...?
Moca: Ohoho~, you both sound so good~. Then I can start like this~.
Tsugumi: Uhm, alright, then maybe I can do... this?
Moca: Now we're getting it~. Alright, you're up next, Ran~.
Ran: Here I go...
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Himari: That was great! I think we've got our introduction!
Tomoe: For sure! Man, that was fun~!
Tsugumi: Yeah... My heart was pounding at the end there!
Moca: Mine too~.
Ran: Now we can really say we're ready.
Himari & Tomoe: Yeah! Yup!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Well, our time's almost up, so why don't we clean up and then head home?
Tomoe: It's that time already?! Aw man... I guess we should, but...
Tomoe: If we're being honest here, I was just getting started. Couldn't we play for just a little longer?
Himari: Come on, Tomoe. Haven't you played the drums enough today?
Moca: Actually, I know what she means~. I kinda wanna play guitar some more too~.
Ran: So even Moca feels that way... Whatever. It's fine by me.
Himari: Sigh. Fine~, but only for a little bit, okay?
Tomoe: Oh yeah, for sure!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Alright, I'll go see if we can extend our reservation!
Moca: Thank you, Tsugu~.
Ran: ... So what song should we play?
Tomoe: Oh, yeah... What about "That Is How I Roll!"?
Ran: Yeah, sounds good to me.
Moca: Okay~.
Tsugumi: Sorry for the wait! They let us extend our reservation!
Tomoe: Thanks, Tsugu!
Tomoe: Alright, let's do this... "That Is How I Roll!"
