746_Tomoe Udagawa_R2 Feel the Nordic Wind

<Similar-Looking Somebody>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

[Trail Riding]

[Halfway Point]

Kaoru: Alright, shall we take a short break? It seems you all have gotten used to your horses.
Eve: Yes! I had trouble at first, but I feel like I really understand my horse after riding for a while!
Kaoru: That's the most important thing. I'm sure your horse feels the same way.
Eve: You really think so? Fufu, thank you!
Saya: To be honest, I was just barely able to get on my horse, so I was worried about trail riding. But I've managed somehow.
Kaoru: Your horse can actually be rather childish at times. It's amazing you're able to ride her so well.
Saya: Really? Fufufu, I have younger siblings, so I suppose I'm used to playing with kids.
Kaoru: How are you faring, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: Ooo... I think I'm getting better, but... I'm still not a very good rider. It's so shaky, and then I get scared...
Kaoru: You don't have to be good at it. All you need to concern yourself with is enjoying your time with your horse.
Rimi: That's true... Then I want to have even more fun.
Kaoru: In that case, perhaps you could talk to your horse while we rest. There is nothing to fear. They won't harm you.
Rimi: Talking with my horse, huh...? I'll give it a shot!
Eve: Huh? Where's Tomoe-sa-
Tomoe: Whoa there! Haha! You're a feisty one, aren't you?! That's my Silver!
Rimi: Ah! Silver's really going wild... But it looks like they're having fun... I'd fall off for sure...
Tomoe: Hup... Can I just tie Silver up here? Alright, Silver, time for a break. We'll play again later!
Kaoru: Now then, let us rest our weary bodies. I brought along some herbal tea. Allow me to prepare you all a cup.
Saya: Thank you. I'm actually really thirsty...
Tomoe: Horseback riding really does take every part of your body, doesn't it? I'm sweating up a storm over here.
Rimi: Now that you mention it... My thighs and back are a little sore...
Eve: It was so much fun though! Riding those horses was so relaxing!
Kaoru: Yes, I could tell you were all enjoying yourselves just by watching you and the horses. I'm thrilled to know you're having fun.
Kaoru: You see, horses are very wise and sensitive creatures, so they are very attuned to their rider's emotions.
Kaoru: Which is why the key to honing your skills is establishing a bond with your horse.
Tomoe: I think I know what you mean. In fact, I think Silver might be the most sensitive out of the whole bunch.
Saya: What?! Silver seems so rough, so I don't really see it.
Tomoe: That rough edge of hers just shows how sensitive she really is. She wants to seem stronger, so she puts on a tough act.
Tomoe: That's just the feeling I got while we were riding.
Tomoe: Silver may act cold, but she clearly has a big heart.
Tomoe: And seeing that, it's like I can't leave her alone. I really want to get to know her and be friends...
Kaoru: I'm sure Silver understands. Look, she's been gazing at you this entire time.
Tomoe: Silver... And here she was tossing me around this whole time. She should be more honest with her feelings.
Tomoe: Thanks for the herbal tea! You guys sit here and rest for a little longer. I'm gonna go hang out with Silver.
Tomoe: She might sulk on the way back if I don't pay attention to her.
Kaoru: Very well. Pay us no mind. Enjoy your time with Silver.
Eve: Tomoe-san is so cool! She really understands her horse's feelings!
Kaoru: And I'm sure her kindness has started to reach the heart of her steed.
Saya: I bet Silver reminds her of someone very close to her. Tomoe is a very caring person after all.
Tomoe: Hey there! What's wrong? Were you lonely? Don't worry, we'll play a lot more soon, Silver!


<Until Friends Meet Again>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Tomoe-chan, what are you looking at on your phone? You look pretty happy.
Tomoe: Ah, hey, you two... Thanks for all your help earlier! Did I really look that happy?
Marina: Sure did. I almost felt like smiling just looking at you.
Tomoe: Really...? I was just looking at some pictures from a trip I took recently.
Tomoe: I didn't take a lot of pictures, so I had the other people I went with send some to me.
Marina: Let me see~. Is this... you and Kaoru-san horseback riding?
Tomoe: Yeah, Seta-senpai invited us to try it out with her. It was my first time riding a horse, but it was way more fun than I thought.
Tomoe: As for the horse I rode... Here she is! This is Silver. She's a pretty rowdy horse.
Marina: Whoa! You look like you're about to be thrown off in this picture! Were you alright?
Tomoe: Yeah, I managed. One of the stable hands asked me if I wanted a different horse, but I knew this was the perfect horse for me.
Tomoe: She was a little rough around the edges, and seemed wary of humans, but... when I was staring into her eyes, I saw something... warm.
Tomoe: Silver didn't really want to accept me at first, but after a while, I think we came to understand each other.
Tomoe: Towards the end, we were going so fast I thought we were riding the wind.
Marina: This photo must be from that time, right? You and Silver both look very happy.
Tomoe: Yeah. I tried praising her a little afterward, but she didn't like that. After that, she got kinda rowdy again.
Tomoe: We may have only known each other for two days, but I really do feel like we understood each other.
Tomoe: Creating such a deep bond without words... How could I not love horseback riding after that?
Tomoe: I plan to go visit her again sometime soon. She'll get lonely if I don't.
Tomoe: ... Besides, I want to see her too.
Marina: Fufu. I hope you get to meet again soon.
Tomoe: Same! You know, you should really try connecting with animals sometime. It's great. I recommend horses!
