863_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Popular with Everyone

Gacha phrase: Ahaha, calling them fans is a bit much.

<Emotions Taking Form>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: White Day... I know I have to prepare sweets to give to people who gave me a gift on Valentine's Day, but should I be preparing more than that...?
Ako: Sis, are you there? Oh, hey!
Tomoe: Yo, Ako. Don't I always tell you that there's no point in knocking if you're gonna do that?
Ako: Sorry! I just wanted to borrow a dictionary! What are you up to?
Tomoe: Thinkin' about White-Day gifts. I gotta figure out what I'm gonna do this year.
Ako: Aren't you gonna give out sweets?
Tomoe: Well, yeah, definitely that, but I wanted to do something a little different than what I did last year.
Ako: You mean you'd give something besides sweets?
Tomoe: Yeah, something that'll show my appreciation better...
Ako: Hmm~... Well~... Oh, how about a card?
Tomoe: You mean write a card for everyone? I guess Seta-senpai gives those out too. I think Himari looks forward to it every year.
Ako: Yeah, exactly! That way, the kids you give gifts will have something to hold onto that shows your appreciation. I think a lot of them would be happy with that, no?
Tomoe: Yeah, I think you're right. I've never done something like that for White Day, but I can give it a shot!
(Black cut)
Ako: This one looks like a Roselia card. It's got musical notes on it. And this one has a drum on it! Pretty cool, huh?! Then there's this one with the flowers on it~.
Tomoe: Wow... They've got a bunch...
Tomoe: But since they're coming from me... Ah, I think something simple like this with a space to write on would work.
Ako: Mhm, that one should be easy to write whatever you like on it! That's a good choice!
Tomoe: Cool. 'Kay, here goes nothing... Uhhh... "How have you been?"
Tomoe: ... Nah, hold up! This feels... too stiff. It needs to be more personal.
Ako: Ahaha, why don't you just say the same sort of stuff you always say?
Tomoe: Stuff I normally say... Yeah, the same way I always talk to them should be good...
Tomoe: ...
Ako: S-Sis...? You're not writing anything...
Tomoe: Gah~!! This ain't gonna work! Is writing cards really this hard...?
Ako: Hmmm, you just have to write what you're thinking, right?
Tomoe: That's the hard part. I can't believe Seta-senpai writes something different for each person. That's impressive.
Tomoe: When I try to do something formal like this, everything I wanna say just leaves my head. Why can I write letters during class but not for this?
Ako: You've always been like this, Sis. Like how you would just write "Thanks, Mom" on the card for Mother's Day.
Tomoe: Ah... I think you're right.
Tomoe: I've got something I wanna say to each and every one of them, but when I try to write those feelings...
Tomoe: ... Hmm. Nope, not gonna work! I'll just tell them in person!
Tomoe: Sorry, Ako. After you gave me good advice and everything...
Ako: No, it's fine. I think that's the best way for you to do it anyway!
Ako: They won't have it in the form of a gift, but everything you say is straight from the heart, so I'm sure whatever it is you tell them will be left in theirs!
Tomoe: Yeah, I'm gonna say exactly what I need to say to make sure that happens. Thanks for the help, Ako!
Ako: Of course! You got this, Sis!
Tomoe: You know it! Alright, time to get fired up! These gifts aren't gonna prepare themselves!


<The Secret to Popularity>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: {{userName}}-san, thanks for accompanying me on my shopping trip.
Tomoe: Haha, okay! So you like this, huh?!
Marina: Hm? Isn't that Tomoe-chan over there?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Back Alley]

Marina: Tomoe-chan, what are you doing in a place like this?
Tomoe: Whoa! Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! ... Ah! Hey, wait!
Marina: Oh, I'm so sorry! I didn't realize there was a cat there...! It ran away~...
Tomoe: Nah, don't worry about it. It's all good.
Tomoe: That stray's been hanging around here recently. Doesn't easily take to people though.
Tomoe: I started giving that little dude food, bit by bit. Finally got 'im to start eating some of it too.
Tomoe: But I mean, that's kinda how all the cats are around here, at least at first. Now, they come to me right away.
Marina: Oh, okay. I guess you're popular with the cats too, huh?
Tomoe: Hm? What do you mean by 'too'?
Marina: I heard what happened on White Day from Tsugumi-chan.
Marina: It really is amazing how you gave out fifty gifts!
Tomoe: Ahaha, thanks. I couldn't have done it without her making a schedule for me, though.
Tomoe: Not to mention how much she took my feelings into consideration while making it... I really can't thank her enough...
Tomoe: That Tsugu's such a sweetheart. She always puts other people first.
Marina: Yep. Her brain sure gets to work when other people are involved.
Tomoe: Yup. I was worried about not being able to get all the gifts out, and she jumped in right away and said she would help!
Marina: Fufu, that's easy to imagine.
Tomoe: I'm always depending on her, but this time around, it was on a whole nother level.
Tomoe: And in the end, everyone in Afterglow lent a hand. Man, I'm so lucky to have them.
Marina: Hmm. I think that's only true because of who you are.
Tomoe: What? Uh... What do you mean?
Marina: Well, you're very kind and you're always doing stuff for others, so it's only natural that they'd want to do stuff for you, right?
Tomoe: You think? Hehe, that sure would be nice!
Tomoe: Yeah... I couldn't be happier.
Tomoe: ... Wait, what time is it?! Uh-oh! I completely forget that I was running an errand!
Marina: Oh, I didn't know! Sorry we stopped you.
Tomoe: Nah, I was busy with that cat anyway!
Tomoe: Cool, I'll see you guys again at CiRCLE, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Bye!
