996_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Ride the Wave

Gacha phrase: Woohoo!

<Band Versus Band!>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Tanuki Restaurant]

Hagumi: That was great!
Tomoe: Ahh, the tanuki restaurant really does have the best okonomiyaki...
Saya: Fufu. You two really ate a lot~. It was kind of fun watching you.
Hagumi: You didn't eat that much though. Are you okay?
Tomoe: Is it the heat?
Saya: Hmm. Probably. It has been really hot recently...
Saya: But this okonomiyaki has me feeling better already! Are you two dealing with the heat okay?
Tomoe: I'm the kinda person who gets more energetic the hotter it is!
Hagumi: Me too! The heat doesn't faze me!
Saya: You two sure are tough...
Saya: By the way, remember how I said Poppin'Party is looking to go somewhere fun? Did you two go anywhere over break yet?
Hagumi: I went with Hello, Happy World! to visit Mii-kun's grandma!
Tomoe: Wow, that must've been a fun little trip.
Hagumi: It was a blast! We picked a bunch of veggies, like tomatoes, eggplants, and corn!
Hagumi: After that, we used what we picked to make curry!
Saya: Curry made with summer vegetables, huh? That sounds good! I bet it helps you beat the summer heat.
Hagumi: It tasted even better than usual 'cause we all made it together!
Hagumi: Other than that, I want to go to a pool or waterpark! We haven't gone yet, though.
Tomoe: Oh, I went to a waterpark!
Hagumi: Lucky~! Was it Toconut Park?
Tomoe: Sure was!
Tomoe: Ran had tickets, so we spent the whole day there!
Hagumi: They've got a huge water slide, right?!
Tomoe: That's right! That slide is awesome~! When you hit that last drop, it feels like you're falling down a waterfall!
Tomoe: I tried surfing too!
Saya: Surfing, huh~? That sounds hard, but I've got a feeling you were able to pick it up quickly.
Tomoe: Once I figured out the trick, it was surprisingly easy! I feel like keeping my balance was key.
Hagumi: What else did you do?! I wanna hear all about your trip!
Tomoe: Ah, that's right! There was this special event called Toconut Splash that we participated in!
Tomoe: It was a survival game with water guns. If you go, you have to try it!
Tomoe: You work with your friends to take down the other teams... I think if you two get a taste of how fun it is, you'll be hooked!
Tomoe: Our team even won! I'm gonna remember that forever.
Hagumi: You won?! No way! I wanna do that with Hello, Happy World!
Tomoe: Ah, then should we play against each other?!
Saya: Band versus band? Maybe Poppin'Party will join too.
Tomoe: I bet Poppin'Party's teamwork would be tough to beat! But that doesn't mean you could win against us!
Hagumi: We should invite the other bands too!
Tomoe: Ahaha. If Pastel＊Palettes joins, it'll be like some idol show!
Saya: It might be hard to get Roselia to come.
Tomoe: Yeah, but if they did, they'd probably be real good! Sayo's in the archery club, remember?!
Hagumi: I bet Morfonica would be tough to beat too!
Tomoe: Hmm. Yeah, we shouldn't take them lightly... They could be a dark horse in the competition.
Tomoe: As for RAS... I can't really picture how they'd play. They don't seem like the kind of people who'd do something like this.
Saya: Yeah, but it's fun imagining what kind of team they would be.
Hagumi: I really wanna do this!
Tomoe: Oh, then should we give it a shot? As long as we've got a space, it's easy to plan our own game!
Saya: Then why don't we ask everyone if they want to play?
Hagumi: Let's do it! Ehehe, this is gonna be fun! Summer vacation really is full of exciting stuff to do!
Tomoe: Yup! And there's still a lot of time left! Let's do as much as we can!


<My Recommendation>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Park]

Marina: It's hot again today... There's some shade under the trees here. Maybe we can stick to the shaded areas on our way back.
Marina: Ah, Isn't that Tomoe-chan over there? Hi!
Tomoe: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hey there! Are you out shopping today?
Marina: Yeah. We're on our way back now.
Tomoe: This heat is brutal~. You two are hard workers!
Marina: Thanks! It really is hot. We just went to a shop nearby, and we're already sweating.
Marina: On the way here, we saw some kids playing with water in their lawn. I was a little jealous of them.
Tomoe: Ahaha. I know what you mean! I just went to a waterpark a little bit ago, but I'm already wishing I could cool down like those kids!
Marina: You went to Toconut Park, right? Did you have fun?
Tomoe: It was awesome! I even got to ride on the water slide I'd been wanting to check out!
Tomoe: But maybe the best part was the special event, Toconut Splash!
Tomoe: It was this survival game event with water guns. I'd never done anything like it before, but it was freaking awesome!
Tomoe: And we won the event too! Ah~, it was an epic battle.
Marina: Fufu. Way to go!
Tomoe: Thank you! We won by using good ol' fashion teamwork formed from our bond as childhood friends!
Tomoe: There was more than one team, so you always had to be on alert when trying to get someone.
Tomoe: And talk about thrilling! You never knew when someone was going to come for you. It was the best!
Tomoe: We were talking about playing with other bands too. As long as we have a place, I think we could set up a game easily.
Marina: Oh, wow! That sounds like it would cool you off!
Tomoe: Ah, how about you two join in too? You can be Team CiRCLE!
Marina: Fufu. That sounds like it would be good exercise! Maybe we'll think about it.
Tomoe: Ah, but you'd have to put on a ton of sunblock. If you don't, Himari will get super mad.
Tomoe: When we were at the pool, Himari checked us all. If we didn't put on a good layer of sunblock, she'd make us do it all over again.
Marina: Ahaha... Himari-chan can be strict, can't she...?
Tomoe: ... Ah! I forgot to put some on today! Himari is going to lose it if I get sunburned...!
Marina: You should probably go back home right now. The sun is still going to be up for a while.
Tomoe: You're right! Ah, as for the water gun game, let me know anytime if you feel like doing it!
Marina: Sure thing. Thanks. Be safe on the way home.
