1087_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Burning Pride

Gacha phrase: Yeah! And then we'll eventually get to do our ultimate show!

<A Cool Representative>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: Uh-huh... I see.
Ako: Sis, save me~!
Tomoe: Huh? What's wrong, Ako?
Ako: I don't get this part of my homework...! Hngh, I've been driven into a corner with no escape~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, is that all? So what part don't you get? Show me.
Ako: Thanks, Sis~! It's this part he- Huh? Wait, that magazine...
Tomoe: It's a music magazine called "Melody Musix." Do you know it, Ako?
Ako: Yeah, I buy it sometimes! I didn't know you did too~.
Tomoe: Ah, this is Tsugu's copy. You see... I borrowed a bunch of old issues from her.
Ako: Whoa, look at them all! Why do you need all these...?
Tomoe: Actually... I'm going to be interviewed by Melody Musix.
Ako: Huh?
Tomoe: It's for a column where they introduce members of up-and-coming girl bands. So I thought I'd read some old issues for referen-
Ako: S-Sis... You're sooo cool!
Ako: That's so, so, so cool! Wow, congrats~!
Tomoe: Ahaha... It's kind of embarrassing seeing you so excited about it~.
Ako: I can't help it. I'm just so happy for you!
Ako: You were chosen for an interview, which means you're like the captain of cool!
Tomoe: The captain of cool...? Don't you think that's a bit much?
Ako: Not at all! I've read a lot of music magazines up until now, and the people they interview are always super cool!
Tomoe: I guess... I did notice they featured a lot of people with really solid beliefs about their music.
Ako: Right~? In other words, you must've been chosen because everybody thinks you're cool, Sis!
Ako: From my perspective, you're obviously very cool, but I'm so happy that everyone else will get to know it too~!
Tomoe: Ako...
Tomoe: Thanks. I think I've finally made up my mind.
Ako: ...? What do you mean?
Tomoe: To tell you the truth, even after I agreed to do the interview, I was still doubting myself. I kept wondering if they were really okay with just me.
Ako: What? Why?!
Tomoe: How can I put this...? I felt like it wasn't really for me.
Tomoe: Tsugu and the others had my back, so I thought I'd gotten past it, but I guess it was still on my mind...
Tomoe: But that's all gone now thanks to you, Ako!
Ako: Sis...
Tomoe: You really believe I can give a cool interview!
Tomoe: Thanks to that, I feel like I can now.
Tomoe: You're looking forward to it this much. So as your big sister, I have to make it work! Right?
Tomoe: Just watch me, Ako~. I'm gonna give an interview that's so cool, you won't be able to stop bragging about me!
Ako: Okay! I can't wait!
Ako: Hey, hey, what issue will your interview be in?
Tomoe: I think they said next month...
Ako: Whoa, I've got to order it now...! What'll I do if it sells out~?
Tomoe: Ahaha, I think you're exaggerating now.
Ako: Maybe I should buy one to read and one to keep?
Ako: Ah, but I want Asuka and Rokka to read it too, so I'll have to get them copies...
Ako: Which reminds me, I have to tell them about your interview! I'm gonna brag so much~.
Tomoe: Ahh, Ako?
Tomoe: Sorry to burst your bubble, but isn't there something else you gotta do first?
Ako: Something else?
Tomoe: Your homework. You were stuck, right?
Ako: Ah, that's right! Sis, help me do my homework~!
Tomoe: Okay, okay. So, where were you?
Ako: Umm, here! I'm up to question three...
Tomoe: Which one...? Ahh, this one is easy.
Tomoe: You use this formula to find the value of X...


<My Passion Reverberates>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tomoe: Hey everybody!
Marina: Ah, Tomoe-chan! What brings you here today?
Tomoe: I happened to have something going on nearby, so I thought I'd check if you were here, Marina-san~.
Marina: Fufu, thanks for coming to see me! By the way, I saw you in Melody Musix~.
Marina: Your interview was so good! "We'll step up to the challenge anytime." You really said something bold, didn't you~?
Tomoe: Ahaha, I had a lot going on back then, so it kinda just slipped out...
Marina: You did?
Tomoe: ... I had a little fight with CHU²...
Marina: Oh, really?
Tomoe: We did that interview at a studio in the city, and CHU² just happened to be there too.
Tomoe: She came to watch my interview and called it "boring..."
Marina: Th-that's quite the comment...
Tomoe: But I understand now why she said that. At the start of the interview, I was just copying what other people had said.
Tomoe: I honestly didn't mean to, but I had read a bunch of old interviews, and it seems like they were stuck in my head.
Tomoe: When CHU² called me out on it, I thought, "what's wrong with me?"
Marina: Tomoe-chan...
Tomoe: Words that aren't your own just don't have any passion. They only copy the shape of words, so there's nowhere to go from there.
Tomoe: And aren't songs like that too? If they don't have passion, they won't move the audience. That's why I knew she was right when CHU² said it was boring.
Marina: But you know, "We'll step up to the challenge anytime" really resonated with me. I felt something well up in my chest just reading it.
Tomoe: For real?! What a relief~. That's something I said I stopped worrying about the interview.
Tomoe: After CHU² said those things to me, I thought I'd better speak my mind.
Tomoe: You think I'm boring? I'll tell you what you oughta think in my own words! Brace yourself! ... That's what I wanted to say!
Marina: Fufu, I see. But a lot of requests for battles have come in, so it must be stressful.
Tomoe: Not at all! We're always ready for a fight. We intend to accept every request that comes our way.
Marina: I see. Then you'll have to practice a lot for when they do.
Marina: Come and book a studio anytime!
Tomoe: Yeah, we will, thank you!
Tomoe: ... Oops, it's getting late. I gotta go.
Marina: Okay, see you!
Tomoe: Yeah, later! Bye!
