1195_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Scarlet Lyra

Gacha phrase: What do you think of a world like that, Ran?

<Protecting You>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Residential Area]

Tomoe: We've got snacks, juice... Have we forgotten anything?
Himari: Nope, that's perfect! Looks like we're all set~. All that's left now is to wait for the actual sleepover!
Tsugumi: I'm glad shopping for these supplies went so smoothly! We even found the sweets Ran-chan and Moca-chan asked for.
Himari: Uh-huh! Resisting this candy until the weekend is gonna be tough, though...
Tsugumi: I'm sure if we stick it out, they'll taste even yummier!
Tomoe: Haha! I can't wait to pig out with everyone.
Himari: We're gonna enjoy a party full of candy and gossip until the sun comes up~♪
Tomoe: You say that now, Himari, but I bet you'll be the first one to doze off.
Himari: No, I won't~! Falling asleep first would be such a wasted opportunity! It's not every night we get to have a sleepover!
Tsugumi: Sleepovers do have a special feeling, don't they? They're kind of like a guilty pleasure. You feel a little naughty for staying up late, but chatting with your friends is such fun...
Himari: You said it! It's the thrill of breaking your routin-... Huh?
Himari: Hey, look! There's some kind of event going on at that park.
Tomoe: Oh, is it a festival?
Tsugumi: There's a sign over there. Um, it says they're holding a flea market. Do you want to check it out?
Himari: Wow, I do~...! Except, I'm on a tight budget this month~...
Tomoe: Then why don't we just take a look instead?
Himari: ... You mean like window shopping?
Tomoe: Yeah. There's nothing wrong with browsing, right? Besides, it has a lively and welcoming vibe.
Himari: I-I guess so. There's no harm in looking for a little bit...! Just a quick look... A very quick look, okay...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Oh my gosh! This skirt is adorable~!
Himari: Not to mention, the color of this hair scrunchie is just my style... And this corsage is lovely too...! Oh, nobody could resist these accessories~!
Tomoe: Haha, you're quick to change your tune...
Tsugumi: At least you're enjoying yourself, Himari-chan.
Tomoe: I'm glad we stumbled across this place.
Himari: Tomoe~! Tsugu~! Which scrunchie is better~?
Tomoe: Let me see. Himari, don't you already own one like this?
Himari: Well, yeah, but this one here has a slightly different kind of lace...
Tsugumi: I see what you mean! It's a cute scrunchie, and I think it really suits you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Ehehe, thanks!  Well, I think this hair clip would look great on you, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: Really? These hair clips come in so many pretty colors~.
Himari: Oh, I can't do it! This was only supposed to be a quick look, but I can't resist. I need more time~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, this is probably gonna take a while.
Himari: Urgh~. Sorry for dragging you along!
Tomoe: No worries! I mean, I was kinda expecting this to happen anyway~.
Tsugumi: Are you sure, Tomoe-chan?
Tomoe: Yeah, don't sweat it! I'm gonna go wander around.
Himari: T-Tomoe~! Thank you~! Well then, Tsugu, why don't you try on these hair clips? I'll judge which one looks the best!
Tsugumi: Okay! I can never make my mind up about these things, so I'd appreciate your advice.
Tomoe: Jeez, they're gonna buy up a storm. Guess I'll take a look over that way... Huh?
Tomoe: (Is it me... or does that tent look out of place? I wonder what kind of shop it is.)
Tomoe: (And what is that scent...?)
Tomoe: ... Ah, so this thing here is the source of the smell, huh? It's an incense burner... I think.
Tomoe: (It doesn't look Japanese. I wonder if it's from someplace overseas. What's more, this scent is... fascinating.)
Flea Market Shopkeeper: Are you interested in that incense?
Tomoe: ...?!
Flea Market Shopkeeper: Oh, I didn't mean to scare you...
Tomoe: It's fine... I must've been a little hypnotized by this incense...
Tomoe: It smells quite mysterious.
Flea Market Shopkeeper: This incense came from a faraway land across the seas. They call it bakhoor.
Flea Market Shopkeeper: A  phenomenon occurs when you burn it inside the house. It protects all those inside from evil spirits.
Tomoe: Oh, so it works kinda like a lucky charm!
Tomoe: (Hey, I know. I should burn this incense at the sleepover. It smells nice and it's pretty cool.)
Tomoe: (I can create a layer of protection around my friends.)
Tomoe: Alright! Finding this incense must be fate. Can I buy it, please?
Flea Market Shopkeeper: Thank you for your business. I hope all your dreams come true, dear customer.
Tomoe: Thank you very much! Okay, I'm counting on the powers of this scent to guard Afterglow~.
Himari: Tomoe~!  We finally decided what we're gonna buy~!
Tomoe: Oh! Coming!
(Black cut)


<The Color of Tomorrow's Sunset>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tomoe: Phew... I'm beat!  It's always good to have a solid solo practice session every once in a while.
Marina: Tomoe-chan, great job in there~.
Tomoe: Hey, Marina-san, thanks a lot!
Marina: It's been a while since you practiced by yourself. You were really into it!
Tomoe: Yeah, my adrenaline is pumping! I wanna practice a ton and get better and better at drumming.
Marina: Such motivation~! Fufu, is there something spurring you on?
Tomoe: Umm, it's kind of a weird story, but I felt inspired after having this dream the other day...
Marina: Oh, what kind of dream?
Tomoe: I don't really remember it that well... But basically, I granted the Afterglow members' wishes one by one.
Marina: A dream where you grant your friend's wishes sounds lovely.
Tomoe: Yeah. Granting any wish in an instant and making people happy... It was a nice dream on the surface.
Marina: I see. It would be great if wishes came true so easily in real life~.
Tomoe: Hmm... Well, halfway through the dream, I realized maybe it's not so good after all.
Marina: Oh, is that so?
Tomoe: It's true that in a dream, getting whatever you want is effortless. You can even do things that would be impossible in reality.
Tomoe: Even if it doesn't make any sense, it's alright because it's a dream.
Tomoe: A sunset that usually ends in minutes can last forever, and our group can always be together.
Tomoe: So at first, I thought a world where we could all be happy would be awesome. However, the Ran in my dream said something to me.
Marina: What did she say?
Tomoe: "If the sun never sets, Afterglow loses its purpose."
Tomoe: Those words hit me hard.
Tomoe: The sunsets Afterglow has watched are precious because we've paved our path with our own feet, one step at a time.
Tomoe: On the other hand, if we lived in a dream world where wishes just came true and there was continuous sun... we'd never be able to encounter a new sunset.
Tomoe: That... wouldn't be like Afterglow at all.
Tomoe: I wanna try my best today so that I can see a brand new sunset tomorrow, and I want to do that every single day.
Marina: Fufu, I see. So that's why you felt driven to give it your all today.
Tomoe: Yep! I'll work hard to make my dreams come true, one step at a time.
Tomoe: That's why I'd like to extend my studio reservation, please!
Marina: Fufu, roger that!
