1286_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Excitement Rising

Gacha phrase: This is our first band trip, for crying out loud!

<Give-And-Take>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Uehara Residence - Himari's Room]

Tomoe: How're you doing on the math~, Himari?
Himari: Ugh, none of it makes any sense~! I'm so sick and tired of this! Let's take a break~!
Ran: Sigh. You know how many times you've said that?
Moca: Yeah~. You've made the least progress, but you keep wanting to take breaks, Hii-chan~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I can, um, help you with the problems you're struggling with, if you'd like.
Himari: Tsugu~, I love you~.
Ran: Try to at least get some more work done before taking a break.
Tomoe: You heard 'em. Hang in there a bit more, alright?
Himari: Fine~...
(Black cut)
Himari: I'm tired~. I wanna take a break~.
Ran: It's only been a few minutes...
Tomoe: Hmm~... A short one wouldn't hurt, don't you think?
Moca: There you go spoiling Hii-chan again~.
Tomoe: It's not like she hasn't made any progress. And I mean, she's not going to be able to keep up her concentration.
Moca: That's not my point~. I'm saying you're always too soft on Hii-chan~.
Ran: I think so too.
Tomoe: Uh, really?
Moca: See? You don't even realize it. That's what I'm pointing out~.
Tomoe: No, it's not that. It's more like I don't think I'm spoiling her.
Moca: ... Hypothetically. Let's say we're trying to decide between going hiking and going to the beach.
Moca: If you were gonna pick right now, what would your choice be~?
Tomoe: Hmm... Hiking... I guess...?
Moca: And if Hii-chan says she wants to go to the beach~?
Tomoe: ... Well, it kinda depends... But if she really wants to go to the beach, I wouldn't mind.
Ran: There, that's your proof. And no, I doubt it's going to kinda depend.
Himari: Whoa, hold up, you two. You're making it sound like I'm always being spoiled by her.
Ran: We're not saying it sounds like you're always being spoiled by her, we're saying you are.
Tomoe: No way. And it's not like we don't lean on her at times.
Himari: Huh...?
Ran: ... What are you trying to say?
Tomoe: Think of all the times we've been in a rough spot, and Himari's suggestions have bailed us out.
Tomoe: Like the road trip the other day. If she hadn't suggested we just do the concert with what we had, we might not have been able to focus.
Tsugumi: That's true. If Himari-chan hadn't said anything, things might've turned out very differently.
Ran: Yeah... I guess.
Tsugumi: And when we're struggling with practice, it's her words that usually cheer us up!
Tsugumi: I think there's even a part of me that sometimes waits for her to say something when we're having trouble.
Tomoe: See~? So we're basically just helping each other out.
Tomoe: We do her a favor, she does us a favor. We help her, she helps us. That's the way we roll, don't you think?
Himari: Mm-hmm, I agree! It's really important to help each other out!
Himari: ... So~! It's my turn to call in a favor, and what I want is a break~!
Moca: There you go with your breaks again~.
Tomoe: Well, it doesn't really feel like the time for homework anymore... Why don't we just call it for now...?
Ran: No. If we do that, she's never going to finish.
Moca: Agreed~.
Tsugumi: Um... maybe we can take a break once you at least make it halfway through?
Tomoe: Hahaha... You guys do have a point~...
Himari: Wah~, Tomoe~! Aren't you supposed to be on my side~?
(Black cut)


<That's Our Leader For You!>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tomoe: Hey, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Whatever you're talking about seems fun.
Marina: Ah, hi there. I was just talking about the band trip~.
Tomoe: Oh, seriously?! So, what do you think, {{userName}}-san? Quite the adventure, right?
Tomoe: ... Tell me about it. It was a rough trip for sure because of everything that went wrong.
Tomoe: I knew we were going somewhere new, but we were all together, so I figured I could be the same as always...
Tomoe: That certainly didn't happen. The excitement of our first band trip got to me good.
Marina: But something special like your first band trip would do that to anyone.
Tomoe: By the way, I heard about the advice you gave Himari, Marina-san.
Tomoe: She said it was a huge help, and it ended up helping the rest of us too, so thank you very much!
Marina: It's no big deal. All I did was tell her how I saw things. You girls were the ones who turned the situation around.
Tomoe: Us, huh...?
Marina: Tomoe-chan?
Tomoe: All of us were pretty down after everything that had happened.
Tomoe: But Himari... She was incredible.
Marina: Fufu, she certainly was.
Tomoe: Her saying we should just get up on stage anyway put us all at ease and allowed us to make the show a success.
Tomoe: She really is our leader.
Marina: Mm-hmm, and a great one at that.
Tomoe: ... Just like the band trip, I know there'll be times when we'll be facing new challenges.
Tomoe: And that's why I'm here to practice on my own. I wanna be able to deal with whatever comes our way!
Marina: Ah, so that's why you're here. Let me see if we've got a free studio... Perfect, we do.
Tomoe: Seriously? Nice!
Marina: Hold on while I prep it for you so that you can practice as hard as you want!
Tomoe: Alright! Thanks, Marina-san!
