1356_Tomoe Udagawa_R2 Favorite Phrase

<Cherishing the Moment>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: Huh? That's weird... I thought I put it here... Is it over here?
Tomoe: ... Ah, found it! Thank goodness~.
Ako: Can I come in, sis?
Tomoe: Ako? Yeah, sure.
Ako: Um, there's something I want to ask you about my homework... Huh? What's that you're holding?
Tomoe: Oh, this? It's some notes from when Afterglow made a song together the other day.
Tomoe: I told you we tried mixing things up this time, right?
Ako: Yeah, I remember! You all showed each other your favorite musical phrases, right?
Tomoe: Right, right. And so this notebook's the first one we used for collecting all of them.
Tomoe: I was feeling a little curious about what's in here, so I decided to dig it out for another look.
Ako: Wow! Can I look, too? I wanna see what you all wrote down!
Tomoe: Sure. Let's look together.
Ako: Yaaay~! Thanks, sis~♪
Ako: ... Wow, this is awesome! You even filled up the edges of the pages.
Tomoe: The whole idea was to just write down anything that came to mind, after all.
Tomoe: Ahaha! See, some are only half-finished, too. Someone probably thought of something else to jot down in the middle of this one.
Ako: You're right! This one sort of feels like, hm... You know... "Baaang!"
Tomoe: "Baaang!", huh~? True, I was pretty much going off pure energy there.
Ako: What parts did you write down that got used, Sis? How did you think of them?
Tomoe: Hm~... I... don't think any of mine are in this book.
Tomoe: The more I messed around with my drums, the better my ideas got, so I just kept going.
Tomoe: And after listening to everyone else, I felt like I might be able to come up with something a little different from always too.
Ako: Fufu, you've been grinning this whole time, Sis! You must have had a lot of fun, huh?
Tomoe: Yeah, it was a blast!
Tomoe: How do I put it... It's like, you know... We talked with our music! And man, did that get my heart pumping!
Tomoe: Plus, just like I felt something from everyone else's music, I bet you they all felt something from mine, too.
Ako: Talking with your music... That's so cool~!
Tomoe: Ran told us after our last show, you know. That instead of just running forward all the time, taking some time to look around us isn't bad either.
Tomoe: And using that time to share how we're all feeling with each other made me real happy.
Tomoe: This notebook's got all of our feelings from that time packed into it.
Tomoe: My music. Himari's music. Everyone's music... What Afterglow is right now? That's what's packed into this notebook.
Tomoe: Which is why I've got to make sure I take good care of it. So that we can keep moving forward.
Ako: ... Hey, Sis. I want to try playing this phrase here!
Tomoe: Huh? But it's not even done. It stops halfway through, you know.
Ako: Even still, I wanna give it a try! I wanna know how you're playing the drums right now.
Ako: And then I can share with you my favorite phrases, so we can play together!
Tomoe: Ako...
Tomoe: Got it. Then here, I'll let you borrow this notebook.
Ako: Yaay~! Thanks, Sis! I'm gonna go and try playing it right now!
Ako: I'll get a studio room reserved too!
Tomoe: Sure! ... Hm?
Tomoe: Wait, didn't you have something you wanted to ask me?
Ako: The homework can wait! Thanks for letting me borrow this, Sis!
Tomoe: Sheesh... Just don't forget to do your homework later, got it~?
Tomoe: ... So she wants to know how I feel when I'm drumming, huh? Haha. Figures we'd think alike.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<How to Get Better the Tomoe Way>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew, that takes care of the shopping for today. Let's head back to CiRCLE, shall we? Oh, over there, is that Tomoe-chan? Looks like she's talking to someone.
Tomoe: Haha, I'm telling you, don't worry about it. Ask me anytime!
Tomoe: ... Sure. Alright, I'll see you at school.
Marina: Hi there, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: ... Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hey!
Marina: Was that one of your friends from school?
Tomoe: Yeah, one of my juniors. I guess she took up drumming recently and wanted to ask about how to get better.
Marina: Oooh, so how did you answer?
Tomoe: First off, having fun is number one!
Tomoe: After that... Making sure to learn how to play phrases you think are cool, I guess.
Marina: That's great advice. But what do you mean, "play phrases you think are cool?"
Tomoe: Well if she's gonna try and start a band, I think it's important for the group to be able to talk to each other through their music, y'know?
Tomoe: I probably came up with that advice because Afterglow did something like that the other day.
Marina: Talk through your music, huh? That would be important, considering you're all playing on stage together and all.
Tomoe: Right. I think being in a band's not just about getting people who are good at playing their instruments together.
Tomoe: When you're playing together, you can tell how everyone's feeling through how they play.
Tomoe: And so, if you're talking through your sound, thinking of the phrases you think get your message across best might be good... is what I was thinking.
Marina: I see. She's lucky to have such a trusty senior on her side, huh?
Tomoe: Nah, I didn't say anything that special. I've still got a long way to go myself.
Tomoe: But if I'm planning on giving out advice to others, then I better step things up myself! I'm not gonna get shown up by anyone!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
