1368_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Downtown Savior

Gacha phrase: Now that I'm here, you've got nothing to worry about.

<True Coolness>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Lunch]

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Rooftop]

Tomoe: Time to dig in... Oh! My bento has octopus-shaped wieners in it today.
Himari: You're right. They're so cute~! Hey, Tomoe, want to trade me one for a piece of deep-fried chicken?
Tomoe: Oh, sure. Well then, I'll take this one!
Himari: Ah! That was the biggest one!
Moca: Oh man~, lunch sure is lively again today~.
Ran: Seriously, it's too noisy. By the way, Tsugumi's late. I know she said she had something to take care of, but...
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Sorry I'm late!
Moca: Oh~, speak of the devil~.
Himari: Tsugu, glad you could join us~! What did you have to take care of?
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): I was suddenly called in for student council business.
Ran: During lunch break...? Our student council seems really busy.
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Ahaha... We just had a minor announcement today.
Tomoe: Are you really okay, Tsugu? Don't push yourself too much.
Tomoe: If the student council has work they can't handle on their own, you know you can ask us for help, right?
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Y-yeah! Thanks, Tomoe-chan.
Moca: Tomo-chin, you're kinda acting like her mom~.
Ran: I don't know about that... but you are worrying more than you usually do.
Tomoe: It could be that or... Ah~, how do I put it?
Tomoe: I recently got the chance to experience just how hard student council work is.
Himari: Wow~. What happened?
Tomoe: Hanasakigawa had this event called Hanasakigawa Community Festival. I went to it with Ako.
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Ah, that's the event where downtown shops collaborated with Hanasakigawa!
Tomoe: Yeah, that. It was really pumping, but their student council seemed to be having trouble running it.
Tomoe: Problems kept popping up, and Rinko-san and Arisa seemed really busy running all around the school.
Himari: I see. I guess all student councils must have it rough.
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Yeah. Managing an event that size seems tough. I bet there would be various things to adjust here and there.
Tomoe: Right. They both said the same thing.
Tomoe: Haha, it was kinda surprising seeing Rinko-san get nervous just talking to adults for the first time.
Ran: Think so? That's kinda how I picture her though.
Tomoe: She's earnest and levelheaded, so I thought she was someone that's always relaxed and can handle anything perfectly.
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): She certainly is an earnest person, but...
Tomoe: You guys know how Ako tells us about how cool of a person Rinko-san is, right?
Himari: Yeah, but... that's coming from Ako-chan...
Moca: If we're to believe what she says, that would make you a cool big sis, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: What's that supposed to mean...? Well, whatever.
Tomoe: She's the perfect student council president that easily solves any problem in an instant, always plans to make school life better, and assigns work to the right people.
Tomoe: The other student council members always call her the "ultimately cool president with the greatest leadership in the history of Hanasakigawa." That's what I had thought.
Moca: Tomo-chin, that makes her sound like a robot.
Ran: Yeah, that's not really Shirokane-san, is it?
Himari: It'd be scary if there was a super high schooler like that~!
Tomoe: But after hearing about her from Ako, that's what I thought of her.
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Ahaha... Ako-chan might just see Rinko-san as being that cool.
Tomoe: Exactly... Still, even though she's not like she seems, she really is a cool student council president.
Ran: Oh really? How so?
Tomoe: When she was handling the event, even if something bad happened, she faced it without running away and worked hard to the end to make it a great event.
Tomoe: She looked so cool then. Way cooler than some super student council president that can do anything.
Tomoe: She herself said that wasn't the case, but that's what I thought, and the others felt the same, so I figure they must adore her.
Himari: Whoa... I think I might know how they might feel...
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): Yeah! As a student council member myself, I really admire her!
Tomoe: I thought so! It makes me wish I could be that cool.
Moca: Now, now. You're just as cool as she is. Isn't that right, Miss "Hero"?
Himari: Huh?! What's that about?!
Tomoe: Wha-... How do you know about that, Moca?!
Moca: Who knows? How could I know about it~? Maybe the daughter of a certain bakery told me, or maybe she didn't...
Tomoe: So it was Saya...!
Himari: Hey, what do you mean by hero?! Tomoe, did you do something incredible?!
Tsugmi (Tsugumi): If she's calling you a hero, you must've saved the day or something.
Tomoe: No, I'm telling you that's not it! It wasn't like that...!
Ran: C'mon and tell us, Hero.
Tomoe: I keep telling you, it's nothing!
Moca: In that case, Moca-chan shall take her place in telling you the legend of "The Hero of Downtown"...
Tomoe: Quit it~, Moca~!


<My Own Kind of Strength>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew. The soba noodles at that place were good considering that was our first time there.
Tomoe: Huh? Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello! Are you on your lunch break?
Marina: Tomoe-chan, hello! You guessed it. We just had some zaru soba noodles at that soba place.
Tomoe: That place is really good, isn't it? Next time you go, please try the nabeyaki udon noodles. That's what the owner always recommends.
Marina: I see! We'll try them next time. You really do know everything about the downtown area.
Marina: I think it's really amazing how everyone around here trusts you.
Tomoe: No, no, there's nothing special about it. I wouldn't say they trust me...
Tomoe: Ah... I'm having this conversation again...
Marina: ...? Did something happen?
Tomoe: Ah, well, actually, Rinko-san got the wrong idea about me recently.
Tomoe: She said that I'm a strong-spirited and trustworthy person... like a hero that would never lose.
Marina: You're like a hero, huh? I can sort of picture that.
Tomoe: Y-you can? Hrm... I'm flattered you would say that...
Tomoe: But the real me is nothing like that.
Tomoe: I often worry and get depressed, and I even get sick of myself for being pathetic.
Tomoe: Rather than being like a hero that can save people, I'm more the type that immediately wants to show off my good side when people ask me for something...
Marina: Fufu, I understand where you're coming from. I can't help but get enthusiastic at times like that too.
Marina: So were you able to clear up Rinko-chan's misunderstanding?
Tomoe: Yes! A lot happened, but we were able to talk properly.
Tomoe: Since Rinko-san thought I was such an amazing person, I honestly thought that she would be disappointed in me...
Tomoe: But even then she said I'm a cool person.
Tomoe: She even said that me thinking I'm no good might be proof that I'm facing my own weakness and trying to be stronger.
Marina: I see... What a lovely thing for her to say.
Tomoe: Yes. It felt like she was telling me that my flaws would become another asset.
Marina: Mhm! Being able to talk with Rinko-chan sure gave you some good stimulation.
Tomoe: Right. It's given me the motivation to keep on doing my best in my own way!
Tomoe: If I keep it up, I might even be able to become like Invinci-Red!
Marina: Huh? Who's Invinci-Red...?
Tomoe: Oh, I was just talking to myself! Well then, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, see you next time at CiRCLE!
