1424_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Bonds Fostered Shipboard

<Your Personal Waiter>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

Himari: I so wish I could've gone~!
Tomoe: Himari... Is it really that big of a deal?
Himari: Totally!
Himari: We're talking a luxury cruise ship here! A cruise! With the one and only Kaoru-senpai at a café! In a waiter's outfit! Don't you get it?!
Tomoe: R-right...
Himari: Kaoru-senpai aside, I bet my life that Masuki and LAYER looked so good in theirs too~.
Himari: And Rui-chan was also there... Do you have any idea how super rare something like that is?! It would've been so out of this world!
Himari: Hngh, I wanted to see it...
Tomoe: If you're so bummed out about it, you should've come in the first place, Himari.
Himari: Obviously, I wanted to. But I had a shift at work that day.
Himari: Plus, you were gone, and I felt bad about asking someone else to cover for me over something like that...
Himari: Sigh... Why did it have to clash with work...?
Tomoe: ... You're surprisingly conscientious, you know?
Himari: Thanks a lot for the backhanded compliment~! Still, I really truly did want to go!
Tomoe: Ahahaha, I know, I know.
Himari: There I was, facing the hardships of work while daydreaming about you and everyone else aboard the luxury cruise ship...
Himari: LAYER looks a bit stern, but she's soft-spoken, right? I'm sure she looked elegant and beautiful in that uniform.
Himari: Masuki seems blunt at first, but she's actually super friendly, so I can see her casually dropping cool lines without even thinking about it!
Himari: Rui-chan is composed and dignified... Ahh, even just picturing how gorgeous she must've looked is unbearable~!
Himari: And let's not forget Kaoru-senpai...
Tomoe: What about her?
Himari: Well, needless to say, she's absolutely perfect! I really wanted to see Kaoru-senpai in a waiter uniform~!
Tomoe: Yeah, she definitely pulled off the look. Not to mention, her customer service was second to none...
Himari: I knew it~... Talk about worst timing ever...
Tomoe: I'm sure you'll get another chance.
Himari: Maybe, but still~.
Tomoe: Hey, you've gotta be thirsty after all this talking. I'll get you some water.
Himari: Sigh... Maybe I should've just asked someone to take over my shift.
Himari: I'm sure I could've gotten a yes if I just asked. Ugh, but it would've been such a silly reason... Hngh...
???: My lady, please accept this.
Himari: ... Huh?
Tomoe: It is the chef's special pudding.
Himari: Umm... Tomoe? What are you talking about? This is from the store here.
Tomoe: I'm trying to give you a small taste of what it was like. Seta-senpai did ask me to be a waiter too, remember?
Tomoe: Uhh... Here is your spoon. Please let me know if you require anything else.
Himari: ... Fu-fufu.
Tomoe: Wh-what?
Himari: Tomoe, you're trying way too hard~...! We're in the school cafeteria, you know...?
Tomoe: Q-quit laughing so much. I'm just trying to cheer you up, all right...?
Himari: Yeah, yeah, don't worry, I know.
Tomoe: Well, you're not acting like it...! Ah, and not a word about this to Ran or the others, okay?!
Himari: Hmm~, lemme give it some thought~.
Tomoe: Himari~!
Himari: Ahaha.


<What Only I Can See>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Park]

Marina: That was a good lunch, huh? Now I've got the energy for work this afternoon!
Tomoe: Hmm...
Marina: Oh? Isn't that Tomoe-chan over there? Looks like something's on her mind. I wonder what it might be.
Marina: Heya, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Oh, hi, Marina-san and {{userName}}. Didn't expect to see you here.
Marina: You seem a little down. Is something troubling you? We're happy to listen if you want to talk.
Tomoe: Ah, it's really not that big a deal, but I guess you could say I'm kind of regretting something...
Marina: Regretting...?
Tomoe: The other day when Seta-senpai invited a bunch of us aboard a cruise ship to help out, Masuki and Rui ended up butting heads.
Tomoe: Masuki told me she wanted to understand Rui better, but I told her maybe she doesn't need to rush things.
Tomoe: Probably 'cause I've always been with my childhood friends.
Marina: You mean Afterglow?
Tomoe: Yep. Even after all this time together, there's still stuff I dunno about them and stuff I'm discovering.
Tomoe: That's what my experience has shown me, right? I'm guessing that's why I said what I did to Masuki.
Marina: Sounds like good advice to me. It's very you, Tomoe-chan. So, what are you regretting exactly?
Tomoe: Well... Masuki's been playing music for way longer than us, and she's been in a ton of different bands, right?
Tomoe: It kinda just hit me that my advice probably wasn't very helpful...
Marina: And that's why you're worried, huh...? Hmm...
Marina: Hey, Tomoe-chan. From where you're standing, what can you see in this park?
Tomoe: ...? Err... the swings, a slide, and a see-saw.
Marina: Well, we see a jungle gym, the slide, and some benches.
Tomoe: Marina-san, I'm not sure I get where this is going...
Marina: My point is... nobody can ever see things the exact way you do, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: ...! Oh, now I get it...
Tomoe: I may not have the same experience as Masuki, but she hasn't gone through what I have either.
Tomoe: Like how you and I see different things right now.
Marina: Exactly. Masuki-chan's experience is impressive, but your life experience is just as unique and valid, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Makes sense. It's not about whose is better or more important...
Tomoe: Helping each other through tough times by doing what you can or sharing your point of view is way better than going at it alone.
Tomoe: ... Just like that time.
Tomoe: Thanks, Marina-san.
Tomoe: Guess I'll keep bringing my own viewpoints to the table and doing what I can.
Marina: That's the spirit, Tomoe-chan. We'll be wishing you the best!
