1483_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 Catching Petals

<The Good Thing about Photos>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: Whoa~, this takes me back... Haha... Moca's expression cracks me up...
Ako: Sis, I'm home~!
Tomoe: Oh, Ako! Welcome back!
Ako: I bought some snacks, so let's eat them together~! Huh? What are you looking at?
Tomoe: This? It's my graduation album from middle school. Wanna look at it with me?
Ako: Yeah! Wow~, there are so many photos of you and everyone in Afterglow~.
Tomoe: Yeah, most of them are of me and the gang~.
Ako: Ah! You have such an awesome smile in this one! What was happening here~?!
Tomoe: Ahh, for this photo I'm pretty sure that Himari~...
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... Oh, guess that's all of them. I took more photos with the others than I thought. I'm actually surprised.
Ako: You've done so much with everyone! It was so much fun seeing a side of you I didn't know about!
Tomoe: It's been a while, but I'm glad I looked back on my middle school days. Looking back through photos is great since it lets you remember the good times.
Ako: Yeah! When I look through my photos with Rokka and Asuka, I remember all the fun times we had!
Ako: And when I look at my Roselia photos, I get reminded of the things that've happened to us~!
Tomoe: I totally get that. That's why I love photos~.
Ako: Mhm! ... But why were you looking at this album?
Tomoe: Well, the thing is, the other day we ran into someone that graduated from Haneoka.
Ako: Oh really?! Did they use to be in the same club as you?
Tomoe: No, it was my first time meeting her! It happened totally by chance. Remember how one day the girls and I went to go see the sakura at night?
Tomoe: We just happened to meet her and got to talking about this and that. It kinda made me want to look back on our past.
Ako: I see. What'd you all talk about?
Tomoe: Oh, a lot of stuff. Like her stories from way back in the day and even the recent photo contest we had.
Ako: Getting to hear new stories about our school sounds so cool!
Tomoe: Yeah, it was! But there was something that bugged me as I was listening to her story...
Tomoe: She said that she and her friends were like us and used to always be together back in their day.
Tomoe: When I heard that, it kinda made me wonder how long we'll be together from now on.
Ako: ...?
Tomoe: Hm? What's wrong?
Ako: I don't really get what you mean.
Ako: All of you have always been friends, and I'm sure that you'll always be together from now on...
Ako: That's why I think you won't ever split up. I get the feeling that you'll always be together and smiling like in these photos!
Ako: You guys are Afterglow, after all!
Tomoe: Ako... Yeah, I think so too.
Tomoe: Or rather, I won't let that happen.
Tomoe: After all, it's my job to protect the things that need to stay the same for Afterglow!
Ako: Mhm, that's the big sis I know! You really are so cool~!
Tomoe: I know, right? ... I'm glad I looked back on this album today.
Tomoe: How do I put it? I feel like I was able to reconfirm what was important to me.
Ako: Fufu. That might be another good thing about photos!
Tomoe: Right!
Ako: Ooh, ooh, let's look at our family album next!
Tomoe: Nice! It's in the living room, right?
Ako: Yeah! I can't wait to see what kind of photos there are~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Sakura Memories>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew~. What do you say we take a break now? ... Huh? Is that Tomoe-chan over there?
Tomoe: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, good to see you!
Marina: Hey there, Tomoe-chan. You seem to be looking through something... Is that a photo book?
Tomoe: That's right! It focuses on sakura and features spots from all over the country. Take a look!
Marina: Let's see... Wow, all of the sakura are so pretty! I've seen these on TV.
Tomoe: That's because there are famous sakura spots listed in here too. Oh, hey! If you two are free, did you wanna look at this with me for a little bit?
Marina: Are you sure? Well then, I guess we'll take you up on your offer.
Tomoe: It's more fun looking at stuff like this with someone else! Ah, like this photo here. I really like this one.
Marina: It's really lovely. Just looking at it makes me feel kind of excited.
Tomoe: I know, right?! Man, just seeing this photo tells me I made the right choice buying this book.
Tomoe: The other day, all of Afterglow went to see sakura at night. They were all so pretty, it made me want to look at photos of other sakura.
Marina: Ah, so that was your reason for it... I have to say though, photo books sure are a luxury. Just having one lets you look at so many sakura.
Tomoe: It's really interesting how you can see the same variety of sakura in totally different ways based on their photos.
Marina: Maybe it's because they were photographed at different times and places. They all leave completely different impressions.
Tomoe: Yeah, they really do. Also, I just realized this recently, but I think that even if you see the same sakura in the same spot, people look at them differently.
Tomoe: The thing is, when we had our sakura party, we saw a withered sakura tree. That's all we thought of it as, but...
Tomoe: The Haneoka alumna we met there saw it through the veil of her memories.
Marina: Hmm, is that so? It must've felt nostalgic for her.
Tomoe: When I saw that, it made me think that maybe there's also joy in looking back on your own memories when you go sakura-viewing.
Tomoe: ... There might even be people that have their own memories of the sakura in this photo book.
Marina: Fufu, what an interesting way to think of it.
Marina: Just imagine the people with memories of the sakura in this photo book and what those memories are... I bet that could be another way to enjoy this photo book.
Tomoe: Yeah! ... Ah, sorry. Guess I kinda went on and on.
Marina: Not at all. I had a lot of fun hearing about it... Hey, Tomoe-chan. Can we look at the rest of this photo book with you?
Tomoe: Haha, I was just thinking the same thing! By all means, let's look at it together!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
