1493_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'll use the spices you guys get for me to whip up the best curry ever~!

<Sunset-Style Curry>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Moca: We're finally back with the cake we reserved~.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Moca-chan, Ran-chan!
Ran: Any decision on Tomoe's birthday present yet?
Himari: Nope, she asked for some time to check out that international grocery store. Tomoe~, have you found what you're looking for~?
Tomoe: Nice, this is the stuff...! Guys, I finally found it! Over here!
Himari: This looks like the spice section. So, what did you find?
Tomoe: Ajwain. I've been looking for this for forever. Had no idea they had it at this mall.
Moca: Ajwain~? That's not a word I'm familiar with~.
Tomoe: Although it may just look like a bunch of dried seeds, it's apparently a key ingredient of Indian cuisine.
Tsugumi: I've heard of cumin and turmeric, but I've never heard of ajwain either...
Tomoe: You see, while I was looking online, I found a fair number of curry recipes that require blending spices. Currently doing some experimenting, actually.
Himari: What~?! If you're telling me you're making curry from scratch by mixing spices together, that's pretty amazing! You're going for the real deal!
Moca: Well, Tomo-chin is the type to go all the way when she gets hooked~.
Tsugumi: Ah! Say, what do all of you think about each of us getting one kind of spice for the birthday present?
Tomoe: That would be seriously cool! I can use the spices I get from you guys to make you all some awesome curry in return!
Himari: Sounds fun! I'm all for it~! It means we get our very own Afterglow curry♪
Ran: Yeah, I think it's pretty alright too.
Tsugumi: I can't wait to try the curry you make, Tomoe-chan.
Moca: Hmm~, looks like I may have to add some chocolate as a secret ingredient~.
Tomoe: Ahaha! Don't worry, Moca! It's not gonna be so spicy that you won't be able to enjoy it.
Tomoe: I'll use the spices you guys get for me to whip up the best curry ever~!


<Shared Meal at the Udagawas>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Tomoe: Ah, Rinko-san! Hi~!
Rinko: Hello... I've come for the book... I lent Ako-chan... Hm...? Is she out right now...?
Tomoe: She realized there were no snacks to offer you as thanks, so she stepped out. Feel free to come in! She should be back soon.
Rinko: I see... Thank you... Hm? This nice aroma... Is it curry?
Tomoe: Yeah! I've lately been into making curry from scratch with spices. My bandmates even got me some spice for my birthday the other day.
Rinko: From scratch... You're so serious about it... I'm impressed...!
Tomoe: It's surprisingly easy, actually, but the customizability makes it fun! The same spice will taste different depending on when you heat it or how much you use.
Rinko: I think I understand... what you mean...
Tomoe: Do you make curry too?
Rinko: No... I don't, but... NFO gives me a similar feeling...
Rinko: Even when you use the same weapon... changing the rest of your gear... can really affect your skills and effectiveness...
Tomoe: Huh! That does sound alike~!
Rinko: By the way... What sort of spices... are you using for today's curry...?
Tomoe: Coriander, cumin, chili peppers, turmeric, and ajwain. I'm going for chicken curry. Figure I'll also add some grilled asparagus on top to give it that spring feel!
Rinko: That sounds very delicious...
Tomoe: Ah, I know! You haven't had lunch yet, right? Do you want to join us?
Rinko: But... wouldn't that... inconvenience you...?
Tomoe: It's totally fine! Both my parents have work, so it's my job to cook anyway. Could use the company, actually!
Rinko: Well... in that case... I'd love to...
Ako: I'm back~! Is Rin-rin here yet?
Tomoe: Welcome back, Ako. Rinko-san's already here. She'll be having lunch with us!
Rinko: Welcome back... Ako-chan... I hope you don't mind... if I have lunch with you...
Ako: Seriously?! Yay~! I can't believe I get to eat with both of you!
Tomoe: It's almost ready, Rinko-san, so go ahead and make yourself comfortable!
Rinko: Actually, Tomoe-san... I would like to help...
Tomoe: Thanks. In that case, can I ask you and Ako to set the table?
Ako: Okay, got it! This way, Rin-rin~! She makes a really mean curry, you know~!
Rinko: Fufu... I can't wait to try it...
