1525_Tomoe Udagawa_R5 Sunset Red Puddle

<Sunset Red Puddle>

Anime story


<A Tilted Umbrella>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Hmm, that errand took less time than expected. Guess I might as well go somewhere...
Tomoe: Wait, never mind. It's supposed to rain in the afternoon. Oh well. I'll just head home...
Tsugumi: Really? No one else can make it?
Saya: Apparently. It can't be helped. Looks like it's up to you and me.
Tomoe: Hey~, Tsugu, Saya! What are you guys doing?
Saya: Ah, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: We're preparing for the downtown event. The one I mentioned at school the other day.
Tomoe: Oh~, the downtown food festival! I'm really looking forward to that one~.
Tomoe: But you guys look like you've hit a snag of some kind. Everything alright?
Tsugumi: The packages here need to be delivered to the participating shops, but the person who's supposed to do that can't come.
Saya: There's some kind of problem over where the festival's being set up, so they got pulled to help.
Tomoe: So that's why you guys are looking like it's the end of the world. Well, this is a pretty big pile you've got here, for sure...
Saya: An event like this doesn't come around every day though. I say it's time for us to buckle down!
Tsugumi: Agreed. Staring at all the packages won't do us any good. Let's split up and start delivering them, Saya-chan.
Tomoe: ...
Tomoe: These guys just need to be delivered to the shops around here, right? Tsugu, you take this side of the path, Saya, over there. I'll go over that way.
Saya & Tsugumi: What?
Saya: W-wait, hold on. This is our job, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: Saya-chan's right. We can't make you do this. It's supposed to be your day off.
Tomoe: And we're supposed to be friends, remember? We better get it over with quick. Apparently, it's going to start raining soon.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tomoe: It's really starting to pour now... Good thing I brought an umbrella just in case.
Saya: Thank goodness we managed to deliver everything in time.
Tsugumi: We couldn't have done it without you, Tomoe-chan. Thanks so much.
Saya: Yeah, lending us a hand for an entire hour... You're a saint, you know?
Tomoe: Really? It's normal to help each other out when there's trouble, isn't it?
Tsugumi: Fufu, the fact that you can do that is so cool.
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I just remembered! I need to spread the word about the event.
Tomoe: Spread the word?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm. Some people downtown asked me to do some advertising on social media. They seem to think I'll be better at it because I'm younger.
Tsugumi: Hmm, I wonder what I should post~... Hm?
Saya: What is it?
Tsugumi: I found a post by Himari-chan while checking my social media. Here. Look at this picture she uploaded. See all the cake?
Saya: Looks like she's at a cake place. This is the one outside the station, right? The pretty famous one.
Tomoe: Seriously? She went all the way there just for cake? That girl sure loves her sugar~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, she really does... Oh, I wonder if she's okay.
Tomoe: ...? What do you mean?
Tsugumi: It's raining pretty hard. I hope she has an umbrella...
Saya: Hmm, she probably does. The weather forecast did mention rain.
Tsugumi: I hope you're right... but she had some trouble when she forgot hers the other day.
Tomoe: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Himari: Sigh, it's raining so hard...
Himari: Why didn't I bring an umbrella...? I should've checked the weather properly~...
Himari: No sign of it letting up, either... I really need to refrigerate all this cake too... This is so bad~...
Tomoe: What's with the long face?
Himari: Huh... Tomoe~?! What're you doing here?!
Tomoe: Just happened to be in the area when I spotted you!
Tomoe: Heh, forget your umbrella again~? That's so you, ahaha!
Himari: Hey, what's that supposed to mean~?!
Tomoe: Nothing, absolutely nothing. Here. You can share my umbrella. I'll walk you.
Himari: Oh~, thank you so much~!
Tomoe: Don't worry about it! So, you manage to score that new cake?
Himari: Uh-huh, I did... Wait... I told you I was going to get it?
Tomoe: Wha? Y-you mentioned it at school yesterday, didn't you?
Himari: That's impossible! It wasn't even announced until today. Hold on... Did you see my post?
Tomoe: Er, um...
Himari: Ah, you did, didn't you? Then... that means you being here isn't a coincidence, is it...?
Himari: Don't tell me you thought I might be caught in the rain and came to check on me...
Tomoe: Well~...
Himari: Seriously~?! I'm right?! Aw~, thanks~! I couldn't ask for a better childhood friend~!
Tomoe: B-bit of an exaggeration, don't you think...?
Tomoe: Anyway, you must've really wanted to eat that cake if you came all the way out here.
Himari: Yeah, that's part of it... But remember the other day when you took me to that ramen place? I was really blown away by how good their ramen was.
Himari: So I wanted to amaze you too. That's where the cake comes in. To share with you. You're in for a real treat! That cake place never disappoints!
Tomoe: Whoa, whoa, you sure you should be raising my expectations that high~?
Himari: Trust me~! Fufu, you'll love it!
Tomoe: Alright! Consider my expectations raised then!
(White cut)
Tomoe: ... Ah, looks like the rain's finally stopped. Look up.
Himari: Wow... That's one amazing sunset~!
Tomoe: Quite a sight for sure...!
Himari: Sunsets seem even more beautiful right after it stops raining, don't you think?
Tomoe: Guess the rain isn't so bad if it means getting to see a sunset like this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
