1614_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 #HappyHalloween

Gacha phrase: Aye aye~! Here we go, Tomo-chin~!

<The Lead and the Actor>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Himari: I was finally able to buy this pumpkin pudding~! I was starting to think I'd never get my hands on one~.
Tomoe: People just love those seasonal items. Well, let's head to the roof and- Hrm? Is that...
Kaoru: "With this... all the pieces have come together. I'd like you to leave the rest to me."
Himari: Ah, it's Kaoru-senpai! Kaoru-senpai~! Hi~!
Kaoru: ... Oh? Tomoe-chan and Himari-chan. How splendid it is to meet during this fleeting afternoon.
Tomoe: Hi there. Are you holding... a script?
Kaoru: Yes. I'm rehearsing for the theater club's next play.
Himari: Oh, that's right! I am deeefinitely going to see it!
Kaoru: Thank you. It shall be a performance that goes beyond your wildest imagination. Prepare yourself.
Tomoe: You were, like, a totally different person a minute ago. Your face, the way you stood, it was nothing like you.
Kaoru: Fufu, I still have a lot of work to do, but I'm pleased to hear you say that.
Tomoe: It's like you said before: more so than acting, it's that the spirit of the character descends upon you.
Tomoe: Every time I see you acting, I think that's exactly what you're doing.
Kaoru: Oh? And do you not do it yourself as well? Your performance in the White Day musical was truly fleeting.
Tomoe: I don't know~. Acting just doesn't come easy for me.
Himari: How can you say that~? You were doing a pretty good job acting the other day.
Kaoru: The other day? Does this mean you had an opportunity to perform?
Himari: Kaoru-senpai, you just have to hear this~! When we all went to the amusement park...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: I see. What an amusing tale.
Kaoru: Impersonating a childhood friend in their presence seems like a performance worth doing.
Tomoe: Yeah. Well... It was pretty fun.
Tomoe: It was like, to become Moca, I had to think about all the things she usually says and does.
Kaoru: That's because so much of being able to bring a character to life depends on how well you understand them.
Kaoru: Their environment, the life they've lived, the foods they desire, the things that fill their heart with fleetingness...
Kaoru: I'm sure you thought of those things naturally. You have a spectacular gift.
Tomoe: Haha, you've got me blushing.
Himari: Well, I wasn't so happy to be tricked, you know?
Tomoe: I guess that makes me an actor who can channel the spirit of Moca!
Himari: Aren't you getting a little full of yourself~?
Kaoru: Fufu, it's necessary for an actor to be that confident.
Kaoru: Placing my trust in your talent... may I trouble you for a little advice?
Tomoe: Huh?! I was just joking about being an actor...!
Kaoru: Our next play is a mystery. I'm playing a detective that's usually aloof but also perceptive.
Kaoru: Tomoe-chan, how would you portray this character?
Tomoe: Huh? ... Me...? Well, I, uhh...
Tomoe: If they're usually laid-back, maybe I'd talk slowly.
Kaoru: Yes. And each movement could be a slow, fleeting gesture.
Tomoe: And... It could be interesting if the character sometimes does things carelessly.
Tomoe: Like, they don't worry about little things. So when they say something insightful, it throws people off.
Kaoru: I see. So you're saying to create a sharp contrast between their detective skills and their personality.
Tomoe: Yeah! What else~...? They could not like hot and cold things. Ah, it'd be nice if they joked around all the time too.
Himari: Hrm? That sounds like...
Tomoe: When they joke around, they do it 'cause they care about their friends. A detective that loves buns could be fun too!
Kaoru: Yes, a truly fleeting detective! They would most certainly be a charismatic person.
Himari: Wait a minute! Tomoe, isn't everything you just said describing Moca?
Tomoe: Ah, you're right! When I was trying to come up with stuff, I automatically started thinking of her...
Kaoru: Fufu, I see. You haven't been able to step out of the character you portrayed...
Kaoru: That shows just how passionately you played Moca-chan.
Tomoe: Ahaha, thanks. But I think I can only play my childhood friends.
Kaoru: You can only channel your childhood friends?
Tomoe: Yeah. At first, I was only mimicking the obvious stuff Moca does, but then I started to remember.
Tomoe: When she teases Ran; that she loves buns so much she can never get enough; how she likes sunsets just as much as me.
Tomoe: I've been around Moca for so long. That's probably why I understand a lot about her.
Himari: Fufu, it's true. You really did say a lot of things Moca would likely say.
Tomoe: I can't imagine the lives of dozens of people and channel their spirits like you do, Seta-senpai...
Tomoe: But if it's the spirits of the four people I know the best, then I can do it a little...
Kaoru: I see... And that's because of the fleeting bonds you share with your childhood friends, yes?
Kaoru: Your portrayal of Moca-chan... is one I, too, would love to see.
Tomoe: Huh?! Well, that was, um... something I could only do for Halloween, um, at the amusement park...
Kaoru: I see... I suppose it is but that, then. I shall take pleasure in the fleeting performance you give in my imagination.
Kaoru: It would seem the goddess of fortune smiled upon you, Himari-chan, for you could witness her performance.
Himari: You're right! Hearing that makes me feel a little special♪
Tomoe: Haha, yeah. It was an Afterglow-only kind of thing!


<The World through Moca’s Eyes>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Residential Area]

Tomoe: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Tomoe-chan, hi. On your way somewhere?
Tomoe: I'm going to buy Halloween candy.
Tomoe: I wanna be ready for when the neighborhood kids come by trick-or-treating.
Marina: We were also just buying Halloween candy for CiRCLE.
Marina: Halloween is always such an exciting part of the year. Do you and the others have any plans?
Tomoe: Well, we went to the Halloween event at the amusement park the other day.
Tomoe: Himari was dead set on us wearing costumes, so we all dressed up...
Marina: Oh wow, that sounds really fun! What did you do at the park?
Tomoe: We took photos, rode rides... You know, the usual stuff.
Tomoe: Ah, but... Moca and I played a prank on the others. We pretended to switch bodies. We hadn't planned to. It just kind of happened.
Marina: You switched bodies? Um... How'd you do that?
Tomoe: You know, like in the movies where two people bump heads and switch places. We pretended like that really happened.
Marina: Oh yeah, there are movies like that. But actually pretending to switch bodies... You two did something pretty incredible.
Tomoe: Ahaha... Well, what really happened was... it all started out as a misunderstanding.
Tomoe: I bumped heads with Moca, and just on a whim, I spoke like I was her.
Tomoe: And that was when Moca started signaling me with her eyes saying, "This could be fun! Act like we've switched bodies!"
Marina: Oh. It does sound a little fun. You don't often get a chance to become one of your best friends.
Tomoe: True. It was a lot of work, though. Still, if I had to be honest, it was a kind of fun too.
Tomoe: While I was pretending to be Moca, I really tried to think of what she would say and do.
Tomoe: As I did that, it felt like the things she'd probably say just started coming to me.
Tomoe: It was kind of like I had perfectly locked on to how she is or something. That made me a bit happy.
Marina: Wow, you two definitely sound like close childhood friends.
Tomoe: Haha. Yeah, I guess we are. But... because of our prank, I feel like I got to understand a little of Moca's world.
Tomoe: Moca acts like she does, but on the inside, she's always thinking of ways to help others relax and not worry.
Tomoe: I think there are a lot of little acts of kindness behind all the silly things she says.
Marina: I see. Maybe by becoming Moca-chan, you could notice a kindness that you usually can't see.
Tomoe: I think so. Well, it does feel like there are a bunch of times when she's straight up being a goofball.
Tomoe: ... Oh, I'm sorry. I've just been going on and on.
Marina: No, I'm happy I could hear such a nice story. Thanks for sharing.
Tomoe: No, thanks for listening! I'll see you two at CiRCLE!
