1679_Tomoe Udagawa_R3 After Going All Out

<Hidden by Bandages>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Tomoe: I'm home~!
Ako: Ah, you're finally back! Welcome home, Sis~! I was worried about you~!
Tomoe: C'mon, worried? You're being overdramatic.
Ako: But it's already pitch black outside, and you hadn't come home yet. Lately, you've been leaving super early and coming home super late...
Tomoe: Haha, thanks for worrying about me. We've got our big joint show coming up, so I've been really going hard at practice.
Ako: Oh... That's right. Our show's tomorrow!
Tomoe: Yep...! Oops...
Ako: Sis, are you alright? You dropped your bag!
Tomoe: I'm fine, I'm fine! My hand just slipped... Umm... Ah, is the bathwater hot? I was sweating like crazy.
Ako: Yeah, it is. Well, after you take a bath, let's have dinner together.
Tomoe: Great. Okay, see you in a bit.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: O-ouch... Man~, my skin is peeling pretty bad... I guess this is what happens when you play the drums that much.
Tomoe: I'll slap a bandage on here too... I can't let Ako see my hand looking like this.
Ako: Sisss~! Can I come in~?
Tomoe: ...! Ako...?! Oh jeez, I've gotta hide this box of bandages... Safe.
Tomoe: O-okay! Come on in~!
Ako: Sis!
Tomoe: What are you all excited about...?
Ako: Tomorrow, I'm gonna face off against you as Roselia's drummer with everything I have!
Tomoe: ... Ako...
Tomoe: Gotcha. Of course, I plan to do just the same. But didn't we talk about that already when the joint show was decided?
Ako: We did... But I was thinking so much about tomorrow, and felt I just had to tell you now!
Ako: I'm really excited about tomorrow! I've been so fired up ever since we decided to do the joint show. I was even practicing harder than usual.
Ako: Because I don't want to lose to the coolest big sister in the world!
Ako: That's why I had to tell you again that I'm going to go all out against you!
Tomoe: ... Ahaha! You really are cool, Ako!
Tomoe: (... I think Ako's cool. I worry Ako's doing better than me. I feel pride when I do something cool...)
Tomoe: (All of these feelings are real, and there's nothing wrong with having them. So...)
Tomoe: ... Ako, you worried about me because I've been coming how late, but all of that has been for me.
Tomoe: So I can be as good as you.
Tomoe: I'm gonna cram all the emotions I want you to feel into my sound. So tomorrow, please listen with all your heart.
Ako: Sis... Okay!
Ako: Then... as rivals, let's shake hands before our match!
Tomoe: Huh?! Sh-shake...?
Ako: Yeah! Come on, Sis, put out your hand.
Tomoe: W-well~, shouldn't we do that kinda thing after the show's finished?
Ako: I need to do it now! Hurry up~!
Tomoe: Ah, hey...!
Ako: ...! S-Sis...?! What happened to your hand?! It's covered in bandages...
Tomoe: Well, um... Some skin's peeling, and I popped some blisters, so... Ah, but it's okay 'cause my hand doesn't hurt at all!
Ako: ...
Tomoe: But it's pretty lame of me to let you see stuff like this~...
Ako: ... You're way cool.
Tomoe: What...?
Ako: Your strong feelings are pouring into these hands. But... I'm going to show you how cool I am too! Me versus you, no holding back!
Tomoe: ...
Tomoe: Okay. I've also done everything I could to prepare for tomorrow, so be ready for it, Ako.
Ako: I am...!


<That's Why We're Rivals>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Ah, maybe we should stop by the bookstore. We need to buy new magazines to put out at CiRCLE... Hrm?
Tomoe: Man... This is sooo cool...!
Marina: Tomoe-chan, hi. What are you reading?
Tomoe: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hey!
Tomoe: Both of you, check out this magazine! It's got an article on Roselia. Look, there's even a picture of Ako here!
Marina: Wow, she looks cool in that photo! I see. So that's why you were looking so happy.
Tomoe: What? Was I smiling? That's kinda embarrassing...
Marina: Fufu, I think you're a great big sister. That's amazing, though. I can't believe Ako-chan is in a famous music magazine.
Tomoe: It's crazy, right?! It still feels weird to see my own little sister in magazines like this.
Marina: Well, she's a high school student who's a professional musician. That's remarkable.
Tomoe: ... That's true.
Tomoe: Honestly speaking, there were times when Ako had just gone pro when I felt like we were living in totally different worlds.
Tomoe: We were still rivals, though. I tried to be positive and told myself to just keep believing in my coolness and moving forward...
Tomoe: And yet... there were some feelings that I just couldn't let go of.
Marina: Right, right. I think it's only natural to have certain thoughts when things change this much.
Tomoe: Yeah, but I figured something out when we had our joint show the other day.
Tomoe: The relationship that Ako and I have goes beyond things like being a professional or amateur musician.
Tomoe: What's important to us is to be really cool drummers. So that's why we can stay rivals forever.
Marina: Rivals forever, eh? It's cool you two have something like that together.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me. I heard about your joint show. They say it was a really exciting performance.
Tomoe: Thank you! I'm glad we could give one heck of a show.
Tomoe: It seems like the things I wanted to communicate with my sound really got through to Ako.
Tomoe: I went all out, and she listened to every note I played. That made me super happy.
Tomoe: Seeing Ako like that made me realize again that I'm going to keep sticking to my cool ways.
Marina: We'll keep rooting for you, Tomoe-chan!
Tomoe: Thank you! Well, I'm gonna go to the checkout and buy this magazine.
Marina: Alright. See you at CiRCLE sometime!
