1714_Tomoe Udagawa_R5 Galactic Drainer

Gacha phrase: Alright~! We've got an order of four Special Ramens!

<Time for a One-on-One>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

[Galaxy - Stage]

Tomoe: That felt awesome~. So, what did you think about how I played the drums, Masuki?
MASKING (Masuki): You've still got a ways to go... is what I'd like to say, but honestly, hearin' you got me fired up!
MASKING (Masuki): You played like a real daredevil~. Man~, makes me wanna go another round~!
Tomoe: If we do take turns again, I'm gonna be a bit too late, so that's it for today! We can duke it out again some other time.
MASKING (Masuki): I know. Seriously, though, it's been a real godsend havin' you work at Galaxy Ramen.
MASKING (Masuki): Plus, it means we get to play the drums together!
Tomoe: Whoa, whoa, are you saying I'm just around to scratch that itch of yours when you feel like duking it out~?
Tomoe: Although, playing against you really has been a useful experience. It's helped me be in the zone whenever I practice with my band~.
Tomoe: Looks like Afterglow's winning the GBT!
MASKING (Masuki): Heh, you sure talk big. Well, doesn't change the fact that RAS is winnin'. That said, I can tell you're in the zone.
MASKING (Masuki): Your sound's got this serious groove to it these days... Somethin' good happened, hasn't it?
Tomoe: Good? Hmm~, I guess you could say that...
MASKING (Masuki): What kind of a half-baked answer is that? Yes or no?
Tomoe: Well, the thing is... the other day, I got to do club introductions for the new students.
MASKING (Masuki): That's like when you're in an auditorium or somethin', and you actually show what your club does, right? We had one of those too.
Tomoe: Yeah, that! Since I'm in the dance club, we all danced...
Tomoe: Thing is, one of my underclassmen was feeling kind of down 'cause she made a mistake, and I cheered her up.
Tomoe: That made Ran and everyone start saying I was like a superhero.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, you must've said somethin' pretty cool then. Not bad!
Tomoe: I wasn't really trying to or anything, but... I did like being called a superhero.
Tomoe: You see, being one used to be my childhood dream, and I had this opportunity to recall that recently. That's partly why I was really touched.
MASKING (Masuki): I see... I get what you mean though. Might be much to say your dream came true, but it can still really hit you!
MASKING (Masuki): Childhood dream, though, huh~...
Tomoe: What did you wanna become when you were little?
MASKING (Masuki): A drummer, of course! Growin' up, I always had a great drummer to look up to, after all.
Tomoe: I get that... but I mean more like, you know, the sort of thing you'd see on TV and want to become.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm~, if that's what you mean... then it'd be a treasure hunter.
Tomoe: A treasure hunter?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Remember that old show that was about goin' all over the world and explorin'?
MASKING (Masuki): There was stuff like find the untouched treasure in the unexplored jungle, find the legendary flower that blooms in the desert!
MASKING (Masuki): Doesn't stuff like that get you excited?
Tomoe: Yeah... it really does!
MASKING (Masuki): Right? I remember goin' to the nearby park and pretendin' to be an explorer.
Tomoe: I did something like that, too, although in my case, it was pretending to be a superhero, of course.
Tomoe: My team did have a baker and café staff, though.
MASKING (Masuki): Not exactly the world's most balanced superhero team! Ahaha...!
MASKING (Masuki): I gotta say, I'm glad for you that you got called a superhero. Means you're one step closer to the person you wanted to become when you were little.
Tomoe: It does...? Well, it did give me some confidence.
Tomoe: You know how third-years are supposed to be at the top of the upperclassmen food chain?
Tomoe: I wouldn't expect all the underclassmen to be able to rely on me, but that's also the sort of upperclassman I wanna be.
Tomoe: So the whole thing reminded me of my desire to do my best to help everyone!
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Tomoe: Wh-what? Why are you staring at me like that...?
MASKING (Masuki): You know...
MASKING (Masuki): You're kinda cool.
Tomoe: Ahaha, I know, right~?
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, I know what you said earlier, but how about another round of drummin'? Hearin' that story of yours is givin' me a really bad itch.
Tomoe: Another round~? Sigh... Alright, but just one, okay?
MASKING (Masuki): Cool! I'll go first.
Tomoe: Time to see what you've got then.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, yeah. I'm lettin' you go second.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright, time to let loose! One, two, three...!


<We’re on a Roll>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tomoe: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi, Tomoe-chan! Here to practice, right? Hold on. Let me just check the details of that reservation you all made...
Marina: Strange. The time you booked for the studio isn't until later.
Tomoe: Actually, I know I'm a bit early. I just got out of work, but there's not really enough time to go home either.
Marina: Fufufu, I see. Make yourself comfortable then.
Tomoe: Thanks, don't mind if I do. I'm rather beat after all those noodles I drained. Need to recover my energy.
Marina: You drained noodles...?
Tomoe: Oh, right. I haven't told you yet.
Tomoe: I've started working part-time at Galaxy Ramen. Masuki invited me.
Marina: Oh, really? Working at a ramen joint, huh...? It definitely suits you~.
Tomoe: Ahahaha, Himari and the rest of the gang said the same thing. They said it feels so right that it's like it's what I've been doing all along.
Tomoe: Truth is, there are even times when I'm working when I feel the same way.
Marina: Huh, must mean the job is just that right for you.
Tomoe: I think so too. The place has a similar kind of vibe as things downtown.
Tomoe: Just like the old man who runs the tofu place and the old lady who sells fish, all the customers are really warm. I feel real comfortable chatting with them.
Tomoe: It's done wonders for my enthusiasm. Band practice has been going really well as a result.
Marina: I know what you mean. When there's something you enjoy, that energy bleeds over into other things.
Marina: But I'm guessing you're not the only one who's doing great.
Marina: Lately, the entire band seems to look great after practice.
Tomoe: You noticed! That's pretty observant of you~. You're right though. We've really been on a roll recently.
Tomoe: Being third-years now and all, we're busy, but when we get together and practice, our sessions turn out great, same as always.
Tomoe: My situation and environment are probably going to change a bunch, but...
Marina: But?
Tomoe: Afterglow will continue on forever~!
Tomoe: I can say with absolute certainty that that's not gonna change!
Marina: It's really great to be able to have the kind of relationship where you can say you'll always be together.
Tomoe: Thanks!
Tomoe: Oh, it's almost time. Everyone else will probably show up soon.
Tomoe: Alright~, time to get in some good practice~!
