1849_Tomoe Udagawa_R4 Message from the Roof

Gacha phrase: You really can see the most beautiful sunsets from here.

<We Care about the Same Thing>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Tomoe: Man~, today's practice was intense. I didn't even notice how late it had gotten.
Himari: We extended our time in the studio over and over again. I'm worn out to the bone today~.
Himari: But everyone played so well. Especially that last song we practiced!
Tomoe: Yeah, we're definitely gettin' better. We're on fire right now!
Himari: We should be okay in the next round, right? I mean, we've practiced so much, you know?
Tomoe: Of course, we'll be okay! We'll win for sure.
Tomoe: Plus, we invited Masuki and the others to the show, so we can't look bad in front of them, right?
Himari: Right! We have to show RAS exactly what we're capable of now!
Himari: But I was so nervous when we went to CHU²-chan's penthouse~.
Himari: Ran and CHU²-chan were so on edge. I was worried they might start fighting any second.
Tomoe: Neither one of them looked like they would ever back down.
Himari: We went there to challenge them, so I knew it wasn't going to be all hugs and smiles, but I wish those two could've been a bit more friendly toward each other.
Tomoe: ... But seeing Ran like that got me so freakin' pumped.
Tomoe: It was like she was sayin', "You're not gonna intimidate us in the GBT" with every fiber of her bein'.
Himari: I think I picked up on that too. We absolutely cannot make any mistakes in our next show.
Himari: ... Hmm! I'm fired up again! All right~, I'm going to do my very best in the next round of the GBT~!
Himari: I swear it to that sunset!
Tomoe: Ahaha, what's that all about?
Himari: I think today's sunset is beautiful too! It reminds me of the one we saw the other day~.
Tomoe: You mean the one I sent in the group chat?
Himari: Yes! I was looking out the window thinking about how beautiful the sunset was when suddenly you sent a picture of it. I couldn't believe it.
Tomoe: I was just as surprised when you and Ran sent pictures after that.
Himari: That made me happy. I bet Ran felt the same way.
Tomoe: I bet she did too.
Tomoe: When that happened, it made me think that even if we're in different places, we still all love the sunset.
Tomoe: It made me realize again that the five of us all hold the same thing dear to our hearts.
Himari: Tomoe~...! No fair saying something so cool~!
Tomoe: Ahaha! Don't tease me!
Himari: Fufu, hearing what you said has me feeling we're going to do great in the next show too!
Tomoe: We will! Since we have such a, like... deep connection with each other, we'll definitely rock that show.
Himari: Ah, you're blushing, aren't you?
Tomoe: N-no, I'm not.
Himari: Heh heh~, you can't fool the leader of Afterglow~.
Himari: Remember? You and I share a deep connection.
Tomoe: Jeez~, I said no teasing~!
Himari: Ahaha, Tomoe's getting angry~. Run for your lives~!
Tomoe: Ah! Wait, Himari!
Tomoe: She was just saying how tired she was, but look how far she's zipped ahead already... Jeez, that girl...
Himari: Tomoe~!
Tomoe: What~?!
Himari: Let's keep doing our best in the GBT, okay?!
Tomoe: ...! Okay!
Tomoe: The top eight competition, the round after that, the finals... I just know we'll give the best shows ever...!


<Linked Feelings>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[A Few Days before the Girls Band Battle Tournament Top 8 Round]

[CiRCLE Café]

Tomoe: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi!
Marina: Huh? Tomoe-chan! Hi.
Marina: You're really early today. There's still a lot of time before your booking, isn't there?
Tomoe: Well~, yeah, but when I started thinkin' about how soon the GBT's top eight round is, I just couldn't wait.
Tomoe: I'm havin' a little snack while I wait for the others to come.
Marina: Fufu, I guess you're just itching to play the drums, aren't you? You all have been practicing so much lately. It seems like you're really fired up.
Tomoe: You bet we are! This is when the real tournament begins.
Tomoe: We actually invited the other GBT bands to come watch our show in the top eight round.
Marina: You asked them to see your show? How come?
Tomoe: Well, it's like, as we get closer to the GBT finals, it feels like the audience and the remainin' bands think only RAS has a chance at takin' the win.
Tomoe: We wanna send them a wake-up call! So we're gonna put on a show that says, "Hey! Are you sure you wanna count us out?!"
Marina: Whoa, no way. That must mean you all are really confident right now. You couldn't do something like that if you weren't.
Tomoe: Oh, we totally are! ... But a lot of pressure comes with aimin' to put on a show that good.
Tomoe: We can't screw up in front of them. If we can't show everything we're capable of at the next show, we won't win the GBT... That's how we feel.
Marina: I got a feeling something was up by the way you've all been acting. I guess now I know why the band has been working so hard lately.
Marina: But Afterglow will be okay! I'm sure you all will play a show that shows how passionate you are.
Tomoe: Thank you! ... I feel that way too because... we're always watchin' the same thing.
Tomoe: It had been a while, but I went up on the roof after school the other day and watched the sunset.
Tomoe: I thought it was a waste for me to be the only one to see it, so I sent a picture of it in Afterglow's group chat.
Tomoe: Then, Moca and Tsugu, who happened to still be at school, came to the roof...
Tomoe: Ran and Himari had things to do, so they couldn't come, but they each sent a picture of the sunset they saw.
Marina: Oh wow... That's so nice.
Tomoe: It was! I dunno why, but when that happened, it made me feel really good inside. We were enjoying the same thing, and that was the best feeling!
Tomoe: Sunsets are pretty no matter where we see them, and our love for them is never gonna change.
Tomoe: Knowin' that made me so darn happy... And that got me so pumped to keep workin' harder!
Marina: I see. It's like even if you all are apart from each other, you're still connected through the same sky.
Tomoe: That's exactly how it feels!
Tomoe: Sorry for talkin' your ear off. I'll see you in the lobby when it's time for our studio to open up!
Marina: Okay, see you then!
