1919_Tomoe Udagawa_R5 In Search of The Sunset

Gacha phrase: We've seen a lot of skies together up till now, haven't we?

<Repeated Brilliance>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Riverside]

Tomoe: Kuuuuu, it felt so good~! It's been a while since I've been able to play the drums with all my might.
Himari: Me too, me too! All our sounds overlapped into one. It was so much fun!
Himari: What a pity, if the studio had a free slot, we would've extended our session.
Tsugumi: You're right, it was a little too short.
Moca: WelI, I could really feel everyone else's motivation! The weak Moca-chan could barely keep up with the practice~.
Ran: But Moca, you were the one who improvised the most, weren't you?
Moca: A flash of genius came down~. Ran, you did "same as always", didn't you?
Ran: Yeah... I did "same as always".
Himari: Ran…
Ran: However, what does "the best" mean to us... I still have no idea about that at all.
Tsugumi: It's difficult, isn't it? We cannot say specifically just what is "the best"…
Himari: Yeah, yeah. I kind of vaguely think it's something like this, but when I try to put it into words it didn't feel right at all…
Tomoe: It's okay. We just talked about it for the first time today, right?
Tomoe: It's not an easy problem to find the answer in just one try, so let's discuss it over and over again to find the "best".
Moca: That's right~. Moca-chan and friends are veterans who have overcome any crisis up until now~.
Himari: Alrighty then! Let's do that thing we haven't done in a while!
Ran: That thing ...?
Himari: Yeah, that thing! To unite us even more!
Himari: Let's do it! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran, Moca, Tomoe & Tsugumi: …
Himari: Wait, why won't you do it~!!
Ran: Ah... it's already this late. I'll go first. I have to hurry because I have flower arrangement to do later.
Tsugumi: Then why don't you come with me on the way, Ran-chan? My mom asked me to run an errand for her.
Himari: I'll go with you too! I'm going to cram school now, but I wanted to get there early to study for the lecture.
Ran: Okay, then. Tomoe, Moca. See you.
Tomoe: Yeah! See you at school tomorrow!
Moca: ... We, kind of, had a good time, didn't we?
Tomoe: Of course! How many years do you think we've known each other?
Tomoe: Just because things got a little awkward doesn't mean we'll never be together again, right?
Moca: How can you say that when you were so much depressed?
Tomoe: You promised not to say that~.
Moca: I didn't make such a promise~.
Tomoe & Moca: Ahaha...!
Moca: Well, Tomo-chin only gets serious after she starts whining~.
Moca: Please stay cool from now on, okay~?
Tomoe: You say I get serious after I start whining... but ... I won't hesitate anymore.
Tomoe: I've decided to find the “best” for us no matter what.
Tomoe: And ...we'll also definitely find the answer in our own way.
Moca: So as to not lose sight of the special sky that used to shine so brightly?
Tomoe: Ah, that's what I said.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tomoe: The sky has sunny days, rainy days, cloudy days, windy days... the sunset is one of those skies.
Tomoe: That's why it was so special, it looked so dazzling and shining. I finally realized that.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tomoe: But now it's a little different.
Moca: ? What do you mean?
Tomoe: To be sure, the sunset is just one of many skies.
Tomoe: So I shouldn't expect it to be there all the time.
Tomoe: I realized that every day the sunset always shines above us.
Tomoe: We just can't see it, but on the other side of the clouds, a crimson blue sky spreads out at a certain time...right?
Moca: Well, yes. Even now, there should be a sunset on the other side of these clouds.
Tomoe: In the end, it's up to us.
Tomoe: It's a "special" sky, but if only we can open up the clouds, the shining scenery will repeat itself "forever".
Tomoe: We want to blow those clouds away with our own hands, so that we'll always be able to see the sunset shining....
Moca: ... Fufu. You really are a poet at times like this, Tomo-chin~.
Tomoe: Oh, is that so? I don't know about myself, but...
Moca: Hey, hey, Tomo-chin~. Why don't we go to Yamabuki Bakery~?
Moca: You turned down the other day, so you'll have to go out with me today~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, what the heck, you're such a handful. Okay, let's go!
Moca: Yay~. Tomo-chin, you're so cool~.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<After All My Troubles>

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa)

[Campus Street]

Marina: Hmmm~~, the meeting with RiNG took a long time. Let's take a break at a cafe around here before we head back to CiRCLE!
Tomoe: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Ah, Tomoe-chan! Hello. Are you going to practice at RiNG now?
Tomoe: Yes, CiRCLE was fully booked. I'll be going at it with all I've got today too.
Marina: Oh~, you're really motivated, aren't you? I see, the next GBT is coming up soon, right?
Tomoe: There is that, too! But GBT isn't the only reason I'm so motivated.
Tomoe: Actually, recently we are all united in our efforts to find Afterglow's true goal!
Marina: Afterglow's true goal...?
Marina: Let's see, Afterglow's goal is... to give the “best live performance”?
Tomoe: Yes! But the “best live show” we've been aiming for might not be the real “best live show”.
Tomoe: So, we are now thinking again about what the "best live show" for us would be.
Marina: Is that so? Well... anyway, Afterglow is trying hard to find their real goal, right?
Tomoe: Yes! We took a lot of detours, but we finally managed to unite our feelings.
Marina: I see... It seems like you've been through a lot.
Tomoe: Ahaha... well, it made us realize something important.
Tomoe: That everything comes to an end. That's why this time is special…
Marina: You mean, this time is special precisely because the end is coming.
Marina: It is true that something that was commonplace for you, will someday become no longer commonplace.
Tomoe: When I realized this, I was really depressed, I didn't know what to do.
Tomoe: But now I have changed my mind a little bit.
Tomoe: --There's even a special thing that lasts forever!
Tomoe: Even if someone says there's no such thing, I will prove that there's definitely one.
Tomoe: It all depends on how I feel. So I'll never give up. I'll grab it with my hands.
Tomoe: You see, I'm not good at giving up.
Marina: Fufu... It just shows there's something that important to you, Tomoe-chan.
Marina: I want to support people like Tomoe-chan trying hard to protect what's important to them.
Tomoe: Marina-san... Thank you for your support!
Marina: Ah... by the way, are you okay with the time, Tomoe-chan? We've been talking for quite a while now…
Tomoe: Ah, practice?! Oh no, I have to hurry...! Excuse me, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Yeah! See you later, Tomoe-chan.
