event121-07 Ending: With Thanks

It's the day of the concert. Kokoro and the others are excited by the large local turnout. Who else will turn up...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Moments Before the Concert]

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma]

Kanon: Wow~! I'm amazed that this many people came to see us!
Hagumi: Look! There are even little kids! The people who came to eat our curry are here as well!
Kokoro: Oh, those grandmas are waving at you, Kaoru! You're popular wherever we go!
Kaoru: So they are. They must be the ladies I encountered in the fields. Ah... how fleeting.
Hagumi: Huh? Where did Mii-kun go?
Kanon: Ah, Misaki-chan went to go check the wiring on the equipment...!
Michelle (Misaki): Everyone~, I'm here~.
Kokoro: Michelle! We were waiting for you!
Kaoru: Greetings, Michelle. Your solo journey here must have been an arduous one, indeed.
Michelle (Misaki): N-no, it really wasn't a big deal~. I even finished all my work downtown~! No problem~!
Hagumi: I see! That means you can stay with us after the show!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah~, err... After the concert, I need to go help out somewhere else~. Sorry~.
Hagumi: Oh no~, I wanted you to join us at training camp, Michelle~.
Michelle (Misaki): Hagumi-chan, don't pull that face~. Come on, smile~!
Kokoro: That's right. Michelle came all this way for us! Let's put on a concert full of smiles!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, good luck.
Michelle (Misaki): I can't believe the black suits brought my Michelle costume and performance outfit... Jeez, they really saved me.
Kanon: We originally said that you'd perform in Michelle's place, Misaki-chan. What did you tell your grandmother?
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, I've told her I'm inside the bear.
Kanon: Ahaha, I see. I hope she enjoys the concert.
Michelle (Misaki): Me too.
Kokoro: Alright then, everyone, here we go! Happy! Lucky! Smile!
Hello, Happy World!: Hooray!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma]

[Last Day of Training Camp]

Kanon: Thank you for looking after us these past few days.
Hagumi: It was super fun! Thanks, Grandma!
Misaki's Grandma: I had a great time as well. Thank you all.
Misaki: No, we were quite the handful, weren't we? Sorry...
Misaki's Grandma: Not at all. It warms my heart knowing you spend your days happily among your wonderful friends.
Misaki's Grandma: Your concert was very fun, too. Everyone, please continue to include my Misaki-chan in your group.
Kokoro: Yes, of course! Grandma, did you know that Misaki does lots and lots of stuff for us?
Kokoro: She plans what we do at band practice and handles the small details at live performances!
Hagumi: That's right! Not to mention, when someone is in trouble, she always reaches out to them! She's super kind!
Misaki: No, that's just normal stuff. You don't need to go into it.
Kaoru: Let us sing your praises, Misaki. Surely Grandmother would like to know what you are like day-to-day.
Kokoro: Exactly! I need to tell her all about how you always try your best and are kind to everyone!
Misaki's Grandma: Fufufu. Yes, I'd love to hear that.
Misaki: Ah~! Knock it off, guys! We need to hurry, or we'll miss the train. Come on, everyone!
Hagumi: Huh? Earlier you said we had plenty of time, Mii-kun~.
Misaki: Well, it's suddenly disappeared!
Kanon: Fufu. Then we better get going.
Kokoro: Goodbye, Grandma! We'll be back to do another concert sometime, so please look forward to it!
Hagumi: I'll come back to eat your veggies, Grandma, and I'll bring lots of meat again!
Kaoru: I endeavor to memorize the names of more types of vegetables before our next visit.
Misaki: What? Are you guys planning on coming again?
Hagumi: Yeah, you bet! Maybe in autumn~.
Kanon: Autumn...? That's quite soon...
Kaoru: The successor to curry will be... roasted sweet potatoes, perhaps.
Kokoro: Roasted sweet potatoes? Sounds great!
Misaki: Ah, okay, I get it. Let's talk about it on the train!
Kanon: Fufufu.
Misaki's Grandma: Misaki-chan, take care of yourself. Come visit me anytime.
Misaki: Yep, you too, Grandma! I'll be back.
(Black cut)
