event121-06 Chapter 5: Memories Under the Starry Sky

Misaki and the others successfully complete serving their vegetable curry. They all enjoy it with smiles on their faces.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma]

Kanon: Phew~... I think we finished serving everyone.
Misaki: We were lucky the other women came to the rescue by bringing extra vegetables and preparing more rice. I couldn't believe that line of people when I first laid eyes on it.
Hagumi: All the people who ate the curry had beaming smiles!
Kokoro: Yeah! I'm happy our curry put a smile on everyone's faces!
Kaoru: Misaki's grandmother was also brimming with pride and delight.
Kanon: They really enjoyed the food, didn't they? I'm so glad we went the extra mile.
Misaki: Speaking of which, now it's our turn to eat~.
Hello, Happy World!: Let's dig in!
Hagumi: Chomp... Mmm~! Yummy~! The chunks of meat and veggies in this curry are so good!
Misaki: Yeah, it's pretty good, isn't it...? Huh? There's a big lumpy thing in here... A carrot?
Kaoru: The rose found its way to you, Misaki. You are the victor.
Hagumi: That flower was in mine, too! It was gigantic, chunky, and super delicious!
Kaoru: Fufu, I am sure the carrot is just as jubilant.
Misaki: ... Hm? Hey, there's a tomato here we forgot about.
Kokoro: No, Misaki! That tomato is for Michelle!
Kanon: When we were helping out in the fields, Kokoro-chan found a tomato in the shape of Michelle's face. The old woman nearby said we could take it.
Misaki: Now that you mention it, I guess it sort of looks like a bear...
Kokoro: I bet Michelle will be over the moon when she finds out she had a friend among the tomatoes! We need to take good care of it!
Misaki: Fufu. Yeah, you're right.
Hagumi: I want to thank all the grandmas one more time for growing such delicious and fun veggies!
Kaoru: Bestowing us with this heart-warming experience is also something I wish to express my eternal gratitude for.
Kanon: Gratitude, huh~...? Hey, everyone, I've got an idea. How about we hold a concert here?
Kokoro, Misaki, Hagumi & Kaoru: A concert?
Kanon: Yes, a thank-you performance. I'd like to show our gratitude to everyone in this area.
Kokoro: That's it, Kanon! What a wonder-tastic idea! I also want to say thanks to the people and the vegetables.
Misaki: Huh? Even the vegetables?
Kaoru: Indeed. Let us convey our feelings to  the delectable vegetables and those who allowed us to partake in this splendid experience.
Hagumi: I want the veggies to smile as well! Then they're bound to get even tastier!
Misaki: Hmm, well, if we want to put on a show, I suppose we could use this area outside the house. All we'd need is an extension cord...
Misaki: Alright. I'll ask Grandma.
Kaoru: In that case, tomorrow we must labor over our new song.
Kanon: Yes! Let's make it a special one!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma - Indoors]

Misaki: Ah~, I'm tired~...
Kanon: Misaki-chan, are you having trouble sleeping? It seems like Kokoro-chan and the others have fallen asleep already.
Misaki: Ah, Kanon-san. No, I was just thinking about what we went through during this training camp.
Misaki: I figured it was going to be hectic, but it was even busier than I expected. I feel drained.
Kanon: Fufu, good work out there. Thanks for taking care of us during our stay.
Kanon: I'm happy that I got to try lots of things with everyone and learn more about you, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Huh? Did you learn something about me?
Kanon: Yes. Like how you interact with your family, and what you did as a child.
Misaki: Ahaha. I guess we never had the chance to talk about that kind of stuff before.
Misaki: I've been coming here since before my brother and sister were born.
Misaki: I played in the mountains, the river, and all over the place, so I have lots of memories of those areas.
Misaki: However, I didn't anticipate making new ones, like that chaotic fried shrimp hunt or gathering the neighbors for a curry party...
Misaki: Still, maybe those kinds of memories aren't so bad.
Kanon: I'll remember this forever as well. All the natural sights you showed us were so refreshing, like the mountains and the fields.
Misaki: I'm glad to hear that. Still, I was pretty worried about how everything would turn out!
Misaki: I mean... I can't deny that this trip has been frantic... But still, summer breaks like these are nice once in a while.
Misaki: I never would have known about the flower Kaoru-san found, the river Hagumi went to, or the weird snake Kokoro captured.
Kanon: Fufu, that was startling, wasn't it? I think I liked harvesting vegetables the most. I even got attached to the ones we picked.
Kaoru: My heart has been warmed by the kindness that was shown to us by the people here.
Misaki: Huh? Kaoru-san, weren't you asleep?
Hagumi: My favorite thing was the curry we made with everyone! It was really yummy and melted in my mouth!
Kokoro: It was scrumptious, wasn't it? Also, I want to press that rice cooker button again!
Kanon: You're awake too, Hagumi-chan and Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I was getting a little sleepy, but I was thinking about what kind of song to make. That's when I heard your voices.
Kaoru: I was simply meditating.
Hagumi: Me too~!
Misaki: No, you three were definitely sound asleep. Sorry for waking you.
Kokoro: There's no need to apologize! In fact, I came up with a great idea!
Kokoro: Let's fill our new song with everything we felt on this training camp!
Hagumi: Sounds great! Let's make a jam-packed song, just like the curry!
Misaki: Wow, I'm surprised. Who would've thought Kokoro would remember the purpose of this training camp?
Kaoru: If we unveil our new song at the concert, it will, without a doubt, broaden the smiles on people's faces.
Kanon: Yes, I think so, too. We'll need to make sure it's a lovely song.
(White cut)
