event121-02 Chapter 1: To the Hello, Happy World Camp!

Misaki and the others arrive at her grandmother's house. Kokoro is excited for the training camp that is about to begin.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma]

Misaki: Sigh... How did it come to this~...?
Kokoro: So this is your grandma's house, Misaki? I'm so excited!
Hagumi: There's so much space~! Can I run around?!
Kaoru: Hagumi, you should run to your heart's content. Surely a crowd of fans is eagerly awaiting your arrival.
Misaki: Give it a rest. The one who's waiting for us is my grandma.
Kanon: Oh, look, Misaki-chan, someone just came out of the house.
Misaki: Ah, right on cue... Hey, Grandma~.
Misaki's Grandma: Welcome, Misaki-chan. How are you?
Misaki: You know, same old, same old. I've brought the gang.
Misaki: Guys, this is my grandma.
Misaki's Grandma: Hello, everyone. I'm Misaki's grandma. Nice to meet you.
Kokoro: Hello! I'm Kokoro Tsurumaki! This is a wonderful place!
Kanon: M-my name is Kanon Matsubara. Thank you for letting us stay here. Sorry for barging in on you like this...!
Misaki's Grandma: No, it's my pleasure. I'm glad you've livened the place up. Please have a relaxing stay.
Kaoru: I go by the name Kaoru Seta. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance, madam. Please accept this small token of appreciation from the Seta clan.
Kanon: I brought something too... Um, these are sweets. Please help yourself.
Hagumi: I'm Hagumi Kitazawa! Nice to meet you! Look here, I brought lots and lots of meat!
Misaki's Grandma: My goodness, thank you all. Kokoro-chan's family sent many supplies as well.
Misaki: Huh...? Don't tell me those cardboard boxes I see in the garden are...
Misaki's Grandma: Yes. They contain plenty of food, portable air coolers, futons, and all sorts of things.
Misaki: That's the power of the Tsurumaki family...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma - Indoors]

Kanon: Wow, what a spacious room~! There's even an engawa. Only traditional Japanese houses have that style of wooden porch.
Misaki: Well, if there's one thing the countryside has, it's space.
Hagumi: Oh, I found the electric fan! Ah~!
Kaoru: Pray tell, what are you doing lying down on the engawa like that, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Kaoru, this room is spectacular! We're inside, but I can still roll around outside!
Kanon: I see. The engawa does make it feel like you're half outdoors, doesn't it?
Kokoro: I just had a great idea! Let's take a nap here today!
Misaki: Hey you, stop right there~. Please don't drag us into your plans on a whim~.
Hagumi: Hey, Mii-kun. I wanna go exploring already!
Misaki: That goes for you too. Were you even listening to what I just said~?
Misaki: In any case, let me explain where we are first. Then we can decide what to do.
Kanon: Yes, good idea. Everyone, please open the handbooks I gave you.
Hagumi: Okay. Wow! Look, Kokoron! It's a treasure map!
Kokoro: You're right! I bet this smiley face marks where the treasure is buried!
Misaki: Incorrect. That map is a layout of this area. By the way, that smiley face indicates this house.
Misaki: There's a vending machine at this juice symbol, but if you want to buy anything else, let me know and I'll ask Grandma to get the car ready.
Kaoru: Could this perchance be our schedule I see on the next page? How... fleeting.
Kanon: Yes... I've only written down our practice time and free time...
Kanon: Misaki-chan, is this really enough to fill our schedule?
Misaki: It's perfect. No matter how much effort we put into writing up a rock-solid plan, our group would never stick to it anyway.
Kanon: Ahaha... Well, our practice session is supposed to start after this...
Kokoro: Let's play outside! My adrenaline is pumping! Misaki, show us around!
Misaki: Told you...
Kanon: Fue~...
Misaki: I don't mind leading the way, but there's really nothing around here.
Kaoru: Fear not, Misaki. For I can scarcely contain my jubilation even idling away in this room.
Misaki: Seriously? Well, if you say so...  Huh? Hey, where'd Hagumi go?
Hagumi: Everyone~! It's an emergency!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan, when did you go outside?
Hagumi: I went exploring using this map, and then, guess what happened! I found mountains over there!
Kokoro: Mountains? Amazing, Hagumi. What a great discovery!
Kaoru: To think the mountains lie a mere stone's throw away.
Misaki: Huh? The mountains were there earlier, remember? You saw them when we got here. There's no need to be that surprised.
Misaki: Hmm... So you like mountains, huh...? Yeah, that might work.
Misaki: Ahem! Alright, as requested, I will now take you on an expedition of this region!
Kokoro, Hagumi, Kanon & Kaoru: Woo!
