event121-01 Opening: Summer Vacation Plans

On one sunny day during the summer vacation, Misaki and the others have a Hello, Happy World! meeting.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kanon: Hello~. Oh, looks like everyone's here already.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai's here~! Come on over. The air conditioner is nice and cool~.
Kaoru: Today appears to be exceptionally hot. It may be judicious to avoid setting forth beyond these walls until the sun begins to set.
Misaki: You said it. On days like these, nothing beats staying put in an air-conditioned room~. Ah~, this feels like heaven~.
Kokoro: Oh? But the whole house is this cool, so you don’t have to just sit there. You can roam around, you know.
Misaki: Every room is air-conditioned, huh...? Of course...
Hagumi: You know, when it's hot like this, meat and stuff tastes extra yummy!
Kanon: Oh, I think I know what you mean. It gives you energy, doesn't it?
Kokoro: I had spaghetti for dinner yesterday!
Kaoru: I dined on somen noodles. It provided immeasurable relief from the summer heat.
Misaki: Oh, somen sounds nice. I had grilled fish. Nothing special~.
Misaki: ... Wait, we didn't come here to share stories about what we had for dinner.
Kokoro: Umm... Why are we here again?
Misaki: For a Hello, Happy World! meeting! We were going to decide what to do over summer break.
Kanon: We were sidetracked by the talk of food.
Kaoru: How to spend our summer vacation... There is a myriad of projects I wish to undertake with you all. This is quite the dilemma.
Misaki: Well, I'm fine with anything, but if we want to make plans, we should do it as soon as possible. Summer break will be over before you know it.
Hagumi: Pick me! Mii-kun-sensei!
Misaki: Yes, Kitazawa-san, go ahead.
Hagumi: You know, what I really wanna do is eat curry!
Misaki: We're talking about food again!
Kanon: Curry, huh~? Perhaps it's just me, but eating curry reminds me of training camp.
Kaoru & Hagumi: Training camp!
Misaki: Training camp? Yeah, I suppose that's usually a summertime activity.
Kokoro: Training... camp? What's that?
Kanon: A training camp is when you stay somewhere overnight and practice or study together.
Kokoro: So you get to spend the night with everyone?! That sounds fun! Let's do that!
Misaki: I don't mind, but if we don't have a goal to work towards, there's really no point.
Hagumi: Well, then let's write a new song!
Kaoru: A song that paints a picture of summer... The epitome of a fleeting anthem.
Misaki: Are you serious? We can create new songs at Kokoro's house like we always do. There's no need to go all the way to training camp.
Kokoro: I have a feeling that if we go to this training camp thing, we can make the best song ever!
Misaki: Really? It sounds to me like you just want to go to camp...
Hagumi: Please, Mii-kun! Let's all go together~.
Kaoru: Misaki, let us make this summer one for the ages.
Kanon: Summer holidays only come around once a year. It might be a nice experience.
Misaki: Hmm... Ugh, have it your way~. Alright. Let's go to training camp!
Kokoro, Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: Woohoo~!
Kanon: Then, first things first, we need to choose a place to stay.
Kaoru: To compose a new song, I daresay it would be prudent to venture someplace we have never been before. Deciding on a date is also necessary.
Hagumi: Oh, I don't have softball practice this weekend, so I'll be free!
Misaki: Ah, sorry, I can't do this weekend. I'm going to my grandma's place.
Kokoro: Your grandma's house...?
Misaki: Yeah. Usually, I visit her with my family, but this year no one else can make it. So, I'll be going by myself this time.
Kanon: Where does your grandmother live~?
Misaki: Way out in the countryside. You can get there by train, but there's nothing around but mountains, rivers, and fields. I guess the fresh air and starry night sky are pretty cool, though.
Kokoro: A starry sky?! That must be a super-duper nice place! I'll go with you, Misaki!
Hagumi: Me too~! Do you think I can catch lots of bugs?!
Kaoru: If we journey there, I can revel in the wonders of nature until my heart is content. It will surely be the key to unlocking an even more exquisite version of myself.
Misaki: Huh? Hey, wait a minute, what are you talking about? You can't just tag along to someone's house.
Kanon: Sh-she's right, everyone. We'd be a nuisance~...!
Hagumi: I promise to do lots of chores~! Please, Mii-kun!
Kaoru: Misaki, our fate is in your hands...
Kokoro: Let's make memories full of smiles together!
Misaki: No, guys, come on, you're asking for the impossible!
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Aw~...
Misaki: What...? Are you that disappointed?
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: Awww~...
Misaki: Oh, jeez... Okay, I get it! I'll ask my grandma what she thinks, but if she feels inconvenienced, we have to call it off!
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Yay~!
Kanon: Misaki-chan, are you sure?
Misaki: Nope, not at all. But I guess it doesn't hurt to ask.
Misaki: That being said, I doubt she'll agree to it.
(White cut)
