event121-05 Chapter 4: Summer Vegetable Curry!

Happy with their harvest, the girls finally begin to make vegetable curry.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma]

Hagumi: Incredible! These veggies are all huge and yummy-looking!
Kaoru: Tomatoes, eggplant, potatoes, onions, carrots, and corn... What a radiant display of colors.
Misaki: Why does calling out vegetable names stir up so many emotions for you...?
Kanon: Fufu, let's make a delicious curry full of summer vegetables.
Kokoro: Hey, everyone. How do you light the stove under this pot? Should I shake it?
Misaki: Ah, I see, so that's the level of knowledge I'm working with. Don't worry, I'll take care of the pot. Kokoro, you can be in charge of... the rice! You're on rice duty!
Kokoro: Okay! First, I need to wash the rice, right?
Kanon: Yes. Misaki-chan's grandmother said there's a rice cooker inside the house.
Misaki: You know, Grandma really didn't have to go out of her way to prepare an outdoor cooking area for us.
Kanon: It feels just like campsite cooking though. Isn't that fun?
Misaki: That's true. Plus, this does create the feeling of a real training camp.
Kanon: I guess we should divide the tasks and get started, too.
Hagumi: I'm on it! I want to be on meat duty! I brought a ton of meat from home that's perfect for curry!
Kanon: I'm looking forward to it. Okay, Hagumi-chan will oversee the meat. Kaoru-san, should we chop the vegetables?
Kaoru: Certainly. Let us cut them with elegance.
(Black cut)
Kanon: I think I'll start by cutting up the potatoes. They all look so splendid and delicious.
Kanon: We harvested so many vegetables. I'm sure the people who eat them will have smiles on their faces, just like us!
Kaoru: Yes... Sniff... There is no doubt in my mind... Sob...
Kanon: Kaoru-san?! Why are you cry-...? Ah...
Kaoru: To be able to feast on such pure and enchanting vegetables is beyond my wildest dreams... I cannot stop these tears of joy...
Kanon: Slicing onions stings your eyes, doesn't it?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai~! I finished cutting the meat!
Kanon: You're fast, Hagumi-chan... Wh-what?
Hagumi: This meat here is your share, Kano-chan-senpai! This pile is for Kaoru-kun, and this is Kokoron's~...
Kanon: Th-there's so much meat... Hagumi-chan, I appreciate you separating everyone's portion, but when it goes in the pot it all gets mixed together...
Hagumi: Ah, you're right! I wasn't thinking straight! Then I better add some more meat!
Kanon: Fue... How did you reach that conclusion~?
Misaki: Hahaha... Now then, I better add this oil to the pot...
Kaoru: Misaki... I've finished... with the onions... Please, fry them until they are delectable...
Misaki: Kaoru-san, well done. Okay then, I'll start cooking.
Kokoro: Hmm, is it over there? Or maybe it's over here.
Misaki: Hey, Kokoro. Have you finished washing the rice?
Kokoro: Not yet! I'm looking for the washing machine to put the rice in!
Misaki: Huh?! Washing machine?! Oh jeez, she's going to ruin all the rice!  Hold on a second, Kokoro! I'm coming!
Misaki: I'm sorry, Kanon-san. Can I leave the pot to you?
Kanon: Ahaha... Sure, that's okay.
Kanon: Umm, I think the onions need a little more frying. Kaoru-san, have you cut up the other vegetables?
Kaoru: Behold, Kanon, this exquisite rose-shaped carrot. At last, I've finished carving my second one.
Kanon: Wow, Kaoru-san, that's impressive~. However, I wonder if it will cook properly...
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai! Kaoru-kun! It's amazing! I have big news!
Kaoru: What is it, my little kitten? Quell your excitement by looking at this rose.
Hagumi: Whoa! That's awesome too, Kaoru-kun...! No, what I wanted to say is, there's a line of people outside the front door!
Kaoru & Kanon: What?!
Kanon: Y-you weren't kidding... What's going on? It looks like everyone is holding a plate...
Hagumi: It's probably because I invited the other grandmas. When we were helping out in the fields, I told 'em to come eat our curry with us.
Hagumi: It seems like their family members came along as well! If we eat it together, it will taste even better, right?
Kaoru: Indeed, Hagumi. Our feelings are indeed the same. Let us treat everybody to a curry feast.
Kanon: Yes, curry tastes great when shared with others! Oh, but I don't think we have enough here for everyone...
Hagumi: Oh~. Umm, what should we do, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: Hmm... L-let's make some more! I want to put a smile on everyone's faces!
Kaoru: I concur. We are, after all, a band that makes the world smile.
Hagumi: Alrighty! I'll do my very best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma - Indoors]

Kokoro: Misaki, here I go!
Misaki: Sure, go ahead.
Kokoro: Switch... on!
Kokoro: Mmm! I did it! I really cooked the rice!
Misaki: Yep. You really outdid yourself. Although, it hasn't finished yet.
Kokoro: The truth is, Misaki, this is my first time making rice!
Misaki: Yeah, I figured.
Kokoro: Is it okay if I press the button again?
Misaki: Mhm... Huh?! No, don't do that! The rice cooker is still in the middle of cooking!
Kokoro: Is that so? Well then, do your best, Mr. Rice Cooker♪... Oh? What's that line of people over there for?
Misaki: A line...? I don’t know.
Misaki: Kanon-san and the others... look like they're rushing around... That must mean...
Misaki: ... Yeah, I can tell they're in trouble. Kokoro, can you ask my Grandma if we can cook more rice? I'll go and help make the curry.
Kokoro: Sure thing! I get to press the button again, right?!
