event121-03 Chapter 2: In Search of Fried Shrimp

Misaki and the others have come to a nearby mountain. What will they do among all this wilderness...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[In the Mountains]

Kokoro: Mmm~! It feels so good up here~!
Kanon: The sound of birds chirping and leaves rustling is soothing, isn't it?
Misaki: This mountain isn't even that big, but the air does feel a little different up here.
Hagumi: Hey! There's sap on that tree! Do you think it attracts rhinoceros beetles?!
Misaki: Yep~. Sometimes they even stick to the window screens of the house.
Hagumi: Really?! Cool~!
Kaoru: Did you come here frequently, Misaki?
Misaki: Yeah, every now and then I'd come here with my siblings. We'd catch bugs or collect acorns...
Kanon: How nice~. I bet you could play all day in a vast place like this.
Misaki: You said it~... With that in mind, there's something I want you all to find!
Kokoro: What is it?!
Misaki: I want you to find... a fried shrimp!
Kokoro, Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: A fried shrimp?!
Kanon: There don't seem to be any shops around here...
Hagumi: I don't know what kind of fried shrimp you're talking about, but leave it to me, Mii-kun! I'll find it for sure!
Kaoru: I vow to deliver it to you, Misaki. Please await my return.
Misaki: Sure, do your best. Ready, set, go!
Kokoro: I'm going to look over there!
Hagumi: Then I'll go this way~!
Kaoru: I shall simply go wherever the wind blows.
Misaki: Don't get lost, everyone~!
Kanon: I... have a feeling I'll get lost, so I'll search for it near you, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Ahaha, good idea.
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Kanon: Hmm, I still haven't found it~. Is it in the treetops? Or does it have to do with the scenery?
Misaki: Now, what could it be~?
Kanon: Misaki-chan, please! Can I have a hint?
Misaki: Hmmm, a hint, huh~? Look at~... the ground.
Kanon: The ground? Has it fallen on the ground? Hmm, where could it be...?
Misaki: I'm sure you'll get it if you search hard enough. It's just like a fried shrimp.
Kanon: Err... Oh! Could this be it? It's very small.
Misaki: That's correct! Well done, Kanon-san. You get first prize!
Kanon: I did it~! It's thanks to the hint you gave me, Misaki-chan~.
Kaoru: I appreciate your patience, little kittens.
Misaki: Oh, welcome back, Kaoru-san. Did you find it?
Kaoru: Undoubtedly. Please feast your eyes upon this. An elegantly fleeting flower. I thought it would be perfect for you, Misaki.
Misaki: Wow, I've never seen such a beautiful flower before. Still, it doesn't really suit me, does it...?
Misaki: Wait, never mind that! I thought I told you to look for a fried shrimp!
Hagumi: Hey, guys~! I found the fried shrimp~!
Hagumi: This is it, right?! Ta-dah~!
Misaki: A crayfish?! It's kind of similar, I guess, but also totally wrong. This doesn't look deep-fried at all.
Hagumi: Huh? I thought this absolutely had to be it~.
Misaki: Is there even a river around here? I had no idea.
Hagumi: Yeah! It's, umm, down the other side of this mountain!
Kaoru: On yonder side of the mountain...
Kanon: You sure walked a great distance...
Kokoro: Everyone~! I'm back~! I found it~!
Misaki: I suddenly have a bad feeling about this...
Kokoro: Here, it's a snake! Isn't it cute?
Kaoru, Hagumi, Misaki & Kanon: Ah!
Misaki: Wh-whoa, Kokoro! That's dangerous! Get it away from here!
Kokoro: Oh, really? Well then, thanks, Mister Snake! Goodbye~.
Misaki: Phew~, that was scary... How do you mix up fried shrimp with a snake...? This is the first time I've seen a snake that fat and short...
Kanon: H-hey, Misaki-chan... don't you think that snake... looked like a tsuchinoko? You know, that legendary creature you see in pictures...?
Misaki: Huh?! I-it can't be...
Kanon & Misaki: ...
Misaki: Our eyes were playing tricks on us! What we saw was a snake!
Kanon: Y-you're right. It was just a regular snake!
Kanon & Misaki: Ahahaha...!
Kaoru: Excuse my interruption, but has the real fried shrimp been located?
Kanon: Ah, yes, I found it. Here, take a look.
Hagumi: Amazing! It's exactly like a fried shrimp! It looks good enough to eat!
Misaki: This is what's left of a pine cone after it's been eaten by squirrels.
Kokoro: If squirrels can turn pine cones into fried shrimps, then they must be magicians!
Misaki: On that note, let's give a round of applause for our discoverer, Kanon-san~.
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kokoro: Woo~.
Kanon: Ehehe...
