event121-04 Chapter 3: Hello, Happy Harvest Festival

Hagumi wakes the girls up early for another day of training camp activities.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Residence of Misaki's Grandma - Indoors]

Hagumi: You guys~! It's morning~! Rise and shine~!
Kanon: Fue?! Wh-what?
Misaki: Calm down, Hagumi~. It's still five thirty in the morning...
Hagumi: This isn't a training camp unless we run laps, right? Come on, everyone, let's get up and exercise~! You too, Kaoru-kun! Heave-ho!
Kaoru: Ah... My blanket...
Kokoro: Mmm~! Good morning, everyone! It's great weather again today!
Misaki: Ugh~... How do Hagumi and Kokoro have so much energy...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Okay, guys, swing those arms around and around~! One, two, three, four~!
Kanon: Five, six, seven, eight...
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, raise those heels, too!
Kanon: Fue~...
Misaki: Man, such enthusiasm... Huh? Where's Kaoru-san...?
Kaoru: ...
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, no sleeping while standing~!
Misaki: Ahaha...
Misaki: (Well, the weather is sunny, and the morning air is fresh. I guess I'm wide awake and ready to go thanks to Hagumi.)
Hagumi: Mii-kun, you gotta stretch all the way to your fingertips~!
Misaki: O-okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Fields]

Kokoro: Incredible! This field is full of shiny vegetables!
Kaoru: Yes, it appears we have wandered into a world of vegetables.
Misaki: This field is tended to by Grandma and the other people in the neighborhood. There are all sorts of vegetables here, so take a good look around.
Kokoro: Hey, Misaki, I just noticed something huge! There are only grandmas and grandpas around here!
Misaki: Huh? Well, this is the countryside~. There probably aren't many young people.
Kokoro: They all look like they're having so much fun! Can we join in? Please?
Misaki: What? Wait a second, Kokoro! You mean, you want to help harvest the crops?
Kanon: Wow, that's a lovely idea. I'd like to lend a hand as well. These vegetables will go in our curry, after all.
Hagumi: Me too! If we help out, I bet we'll put smiles on everyone's faces!
Misaki: You've got a good point there. Okay, I'll let my grandma know.
Kaoru: Now then, allow me to announce the commencement of the Hello, Happy World! Harvest Festival!
Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Check this out, Misaki! I found a super-duper glossy and shiny tomato!
Misaki: Oh, looks good. Do you see how the leaves at the top of the tomato are curling? That's a sign that it's ready to be picked.
Hagumi: Oh~, that's cool! Okay, let's get down to business~!
Misaki's Grandma: Misaki-chan, I'm surprised you remembered~.
Misaki: Oh, Grandma. Well, you taught me so much when I was little. I guess some of it stuck.
Misaki's Grandma: Back then, you'd help me as much as you could, even if you were constantly falling over.
Misaki's Grandma: I remember how happy you were carrying home those vegetables to show your siblings...
Misaki: G-Grandma! Never mind that!
Kokoro: Grandma, I want to know more about what Misaki was like in the past!
Hagumi: Me too! What was Mii-kun like as a kid?
Misaki's Grandma: Fufu, which story should I tell~?
Misaki: Quit it, you three! We've got harvesting to do! The sun will set soon!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Good afternoon, madam. What dazzling weather we're having. I am in search of the eggplant field. Would you care to show me where it is?
Neighbor Lady A: The eggplants are one field over~. Heave-ho... Ah...
Kaoru: Heavens, please be careful. You must not overexert yourself. Here, it would be wise to hold onto me.
Neighbor Lady A: Ah, sorry to trouble you. Thanks for the helping hand.
Kaoru: I see you were attempting to carry these potatoes. Evidently, running into you here was destiny... Please entrust me with this duty.
Neighbor Lady A: Really? You're too kind~. Then could you take them over to the truck?
Kaoru: I can do it with one arm tied behind my back. And you there, madam. While I'm at it, I shall take it upon myself to carry your daikon radishes as well.
Neighbor Lady B: Why, thank you~, young lady, but they're rather heavy. Can you manage?
Kaoru: Hngh... This is certainly bursting at the seams with your love... It is not a problem... I, Kaoru Seta, face any situation with a smile and fleeting spirit...
Kaoru: I shall assist you too, madam with the pumpkins. Please leave them there for me. I can sense my little pumpkin friends are waiting for me... Fufu.
