event263-03 Chapter 2: Sea Breeze on the Shore

At the beach hut, Eve and the others change into swimsuits and decide to take a photo.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Beach Hut]

Tae: Hey~,over here!
Eve: Sorry to keep you waiting, Tae-san!
Tsugumi: It's quite crowded here. Maybe it's because there are so many beach huts?
Tsukushi: Are you okay, Kanon-senpai?
Kanon: Y-Yeah. If Tsukushi-chan hadn’t taken my hand, I might’ve gotten lost...
Tsukushi: It's only natural. I'm the class rep, after all!
Tsugumi: Wow, Kanon-san and Tsukushi-chan, your swimsuits are so cute all those frills!
Kanon: Thank you. Yours looks really good on you too, Tsugumi-chan.
Eve: Tae-san, your sporty swimsuit really suits you!
Tae: Eve, yours is kind of mature. Very model-like.
Eve: Fufu, thank you so much.
Tsugumi: Shall we start moving? Tsukushi-chan, the beach picnic spot is a short walk from here, right?
Tsukushi: Yes! I’ve scouted it out thoroughly, so leave it to me!
Kanon: Oh, but can we take a photo first? I want to send it to Chisato-chan to let her know we arrived here.
Tsukushi: Oh no, I totally forgot Toko-chan asked me to send her a picture!
Tae: Then I’ll send one to the rest of Poppin’Party!
Tsugumi: Good idea. Let’s all take one together.
Eve: Great idea! It'll be a memory of today. I’ll take the photo!
Tae: Let’s make it a shot that makes everyone want to come to the beach.
Eve: A little taste of summer by the sea to share with everyone—perfect!
Tsugumi: Is everyone in the frame like this?
Eve: Everyone, squeeze in a little more! Tsukushi-san, can you move a bit toward the center?
Kanon: Come here, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: O-Okay, excuse me...
Eve: Taking the picture! 3, 2, 1—
(White cut)
Tsugumi: Did it turn out okay...?
Eve: Perfect! I’ll post it to the group chat.
Kanon: Thank you, Eve-chan... Wow, everyone’s smiling. What a nice photo.
Tsukushi: This will definitely make everyone want to come to the beach.
Kanon: Yeah. I think I’ll send it to the rest of Hello, Happy World! too.
Tae: Then I’ll send it to Rei and my coworkers too.
Tsugumi: Haha, you might get a lot of invites to the beach this summer, O-Tae-chan.
Tae: You might be right. Maybe I’ll bring Panda along next time.
Tsukushi: Panda...? Like a stuffed animal?
Tae: Nope. Panda is Panda. The sixth member of Poppin’Party. I found it in the back of my closet.
Tsukushi: You found a band member in your closet!?
Tae: Yeah, I had to shrink it down to store it. But when it’s full size, it’s big enough for all five of us to ride on.
Eve: Oh... do you mean that giant orca float? I think you showed me a picture of it once...
Tae: Yep, that’s Panda!
Tsukushi: O-Oh, I see. So it was a float. But... why call it Panda if it’s an orca...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... shall we get going?
Kanon: Yeah. It’s just so fun chatting with everyone, I kinda forgot what we were here for.
Eve: Me too!
Tsugumi: Fufu, this group has such a relaxing vibe. It’s really nice.
Tsukushi: But our goal today is the beach picnic! I’ll guide us there properly, so follow me!
All: Okaaay~!
