event263-07 Ending: Summer Hospitality

Time flies when you're having fun, and soon, it's time for the bus to arrive...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Breakwater]

Tsukushi: We lost track of time and now the bus is almost here.
Tsugumi: But all the food and sweets we brought was just so delicious, and we just couldn’t stop talking.
Tae: The tea Kanon-senpai made was amazing. And the rakugan just melted in my mouth—it really surprised me.
Tsukushi: It really was delicious rakugan! I wonder which shop it was from?
Kanon: Hehe, you can ask Eve-chan later.
Eve: Of course! I’ll send you the store’s address in a message!
Tsukushi: Wow, thank you so much!
Tsugumi: Still, nodate was a huge success.
Tsukushi: When we made tea, suddenly a child started talking to us and we ended up talking to the family for a while.
Kanon: Yeah. They all said it was their first time experiencing the tea ceremony. It made me really happy.
Kanon: It was all thanks to you for setting it up today, Eve-chan.
Eve: Not at all! I think they came over because they were drawn to your graceful movements, Kanon-san!
Tsugumi: Hehe... Oh, the bus is here.
Tsukushi: Let’s see... yeah, it’s the right one! Let’s get on!
Kanon: Okay~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Eve-chan, would you like a drink?
Eve: Thank you! I’d love one!
Kanon: Here, everyone—wait, huh?
Tsugumi, Tsukushi & Tae: Zzz...
Kanon: Hehe, all three of them fell asleep.
Eve: Let’s let them sleep until we get to the station.
Kanon: Good idea... Eve-chan, thank you so much for today.
Eve: Not at all. Thank you, too. I was so happy to see you making tea again after so long.
Kanon: It felt good to know my body still remembered all the movements... I hope it all looked okay?
Eve: Absolutely! Kanon-san, your movements are polished through constant training. There’s no way you’d forget them easily!
Kanon: Hehe, that’s sweet of you to say—but maybe a bit too much praise.
Eve: Not at all. Your movements are so natural and calming to watch.
Eve: I think that’s because you embody the very heart of hospitality in tea.
Eve: That’s why you’ll always be my master—and someone I admire deeply.
Kanon: Wow... I didn’t realize you felt that way.
Kanon: But you know, I think you embody hospitality in your tea as well.
Eve: Huh...?
Kanon: Your movements are so sincere and full of heart. Even people unfamiliar with tea ceremony get drawn in instantly.
Kanon: Tea ceremony can seem a bit intimidating to get into, but when I see you doing it, I feel like maybe I could try it too.
Kanon: Creating a tea space that encourages others to give it a try... That’s hospitality too, don’t you think?
Eve: I’ve already created a sense of hospitality through tea ceremony? That makes me so happy...!
Kanon: Hehe, I guess that means you've mastered everything I could teach you by now?
Eve: W-Wait, does that mean our master-apprentice relationship is...?
Kanon: Well, I still feel a little shy about being called your master, but... I’d like to keep it going.
Kanon: Even though I’ve graduated, you’ll always be my dear apprentice... and my precious student.
Eve: Yes! I may still have a lot to learn, but I look forward to everything to come!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Kanon-san! I’m counting on your guidance again today!
Kanon: Yes, and I’ll be counting on you too.
Tea Ceremony Club Member B: You two are really close. You look like a real master and apprentice pair.
Kanon: S-Senpai, I’m really not her master or anything...
Eve: But I’d be so happy if you continued to teach me all sorts of things, Kanon-san!
Kanon: Oh, Eve-chan... Hehehe!
(White cut)
(Background change)
