event263-06 Chapter 5: A Heart That Remembers Master

Eve says she’s prepared a surprise for Kanon. What could it be...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Beach]

Kanon: Surprise? What could that be?
Eve: Please wait a moment while I prepare! Let's see... a thermos, some sweets...
Kanon: Oh, rakugan! That brings back memories. We used to have them at club practice.
Eve: Yes! Next is the tea bowl, the whisk, and...
Tsukushi: Um, I thought surprises were usually more like, ba~m! You know...?
Tsugumi: Yeah... but maybe this is just how Eve-chan and Kanon-san do things.
Tae: I get that. Their rhythm really clicks, doesn’t it?
Tsugumi: Totally. Watching them together feels kind of comforting.
Eve: And lastly, the fukusa you gave me, Kanon-san.
Kanon: All tea ceremony tools... Is this... a nodate?
Eve: That's correct!
Tae: Eve said she really wanted to do nodate with Kanon-senpai again, so she's been planning this.
Tsugumi: She wanted to do something to make you really happy... right, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! I heard you haven't done much tea lately, so I thought this beach picnic would be the perfect chance.
Kanon: Thank you, Eve-chan. So that’s why your bag was so big... you brought this whole tea ceremony set.
Kanon: A nodate at the beach... It’s like that conversation we once had in club.
Eve: Kanon-san, you remembered...!?
Kanon: Of course. I thought it was such a lovely idea, wanting to feel the seasons through nodate.
Eve: But looking back, I may have startled everyone in the tea ceremony club when I suddenly brought up doing a nodate by the sea...
Kanon: Haha, yeah, everyone was really surprised.
Kanon: But did you notice? After you said you wanted to do nodate at the beach, we actually started doing it more often.
Eve: Oh... Really...?
Kanon: Yeah. Before that, I think a lot of us—myself included—assumed club activities were just meant to be done indoors. Nodate was more like a rare bonus.
Kanon: But after hearing you talk about it, people started saying they wanted to try it too.
Kanon: I think everyone felt a little spark from your words, Eve-chan.
Kanon: And now you’re club president, planning events for people outside the school. That’s really something.
Eve: K-Kanon-san... I can’t believe you’d say such wonderful things about me...! ...!
Tsugumi: So glad for you, Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes...! This is truly a very, very happy day!
Kanon: Y-You’re exaggerating...!
Eve: Um... Kanon-san, would it be okay if I asked one little favor?
Kanon: Of course. What is it?
Eve: Then... could I ask you to be the host for our nodate?
Kanon: Me? You want me to do it?
Eve: Yes, please!
Eve: I really love watching you prepare tea, Kanon-san. Your movements are so graceful—I could watch them forever... You're my role model.
Eve: It makes me sad to think of you being away from tea ceremony for so long...
Eve: I-I'm sorry. I said this was to make you happy, but I think I was also being selfish...!
Kanon: It's okay. Your feelings came through loud and clear, Eve-chan.
Kanon: Would you lend me your tea bowl and whisk? I'd love to prepare tea for my adorable apprentice.
Kanon: It's been a while, so why don't we take it slow and go over the steps together, like we used to when you first joined?
Eve: Waaaah~... I love you so much, Kanon-san~~~!!
Kanon: I love you too, Eve-chan!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
