event302-02 Chapter 1: Nerve-Wracking First Shoot

Nervous about her first on-location shoot, Misaki decides to ask the more experienced Aya for advice.

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Toconut Park]

Misaki: Phew...
Aya: Misaki-chan! Good work today~.
Misaki: Oh, good work. Sorry for jumping into break a bit early.
Aya: No worries. Reporters just have more meetings, that’s all—don’t worry! So? How was it? This is your first on-location shoot, right?
Misaki: Yeah... I was shocked by how many staff members there were. I mean...
Misaki: Did I do okay...?
Aya: You were perfect~! Michelle was super cute!
Aya: Fufu, I never thought we’d end up working together on a job like this. I was so surprised when I saw the project sheet.
Misaki: Same here. I couldn’t believe you were the reporter, Aya-senpai...
Misaki: Still, you really are a pro, Aya-senpai.
Aya: Eh? What makes you say that?
Misaki: You handled the hosting so smoothly, even with all those staff and spectators around. You didn’t seem nervous at all...
Aya: Really? Ehehe, you’re making me blush.
Aya: Well, you know... we’ve worked on all kinds of shoots before, so I’ve picked up quite a bit of experience! Just a little, but I think I’ve got some confidence when it comes to filming on location!
Aya: If anything comes up, don’t hesitate to ask! I’ll be right there to support you!
Misaki: Thank you. I honestly have no idea what I’m doing, so I might end up causing trouble... but I’m looking forward to working with you.
Aya: Yeah, yeah! Then let’s go over today’s schedule real quick, just in case.
Misaki: Um, let’s see... First we introduce the pool, then we do a taste test of the limited summer menu at the food court...
Aya: Then I go on the park’s main attraction, the big water slide~...
Misaki: And to finish, we gather everyone for the greeting session, and watch the newly revamped daytime show together with the guests... right?
Aya: Yep! As expected of you, Misaki-chan—you’ve got the whole script down perfectly!
Misaki: Um, I noticed a lot of parts in the script that said “up to the performers”...
Aya: Hmm, that’s pretty common on location shoots. Unlike studio filming, we have to go with the flow on-site, so things tend to be left vague.
Misaki: I see... I wonder if I’ll be able to handle it...
Film Staff: Great work!
Aya: Thanks for your hard work!
Misaki: Th, thank you!
Film Staff: We’re ready for the next shoot—sorry, but please head over now!
Aya: Got it! Oh, are we starting this next shot in position?
Film Staff: Yes! We’ll be panning over the pool with both of you in the shot, so Maruyama-san, just give us a big smile—and Michelle-san, please act extra lively!
Misaki: R-right...! Um, by the way, what does “in position” and “panning” mean...?
Aya: “In position” means we’re already in the frame when the shot starts. “Panning” is when they film us with something in the foreground, like scenery or props.
Misaki: Wow~...!
Film Staff: We’ll mostly follow the script, but sometimes we might flash cue cards, so just go with the flow when that happens! Alright, we’re counting on you!
Aya: We’re ready!
Misaki: I-I’ll do my best...!
Misaki: Sigh~... Aya-senpai, you really feel like a showbiz pro. Even the way you greet people is so energetic...
Aya: Greetings are everything. It just feels good when for everyone when you're cheerful about it!
Aya: Alright, let’s head to the next spot!
Misaki: R-right...!
Misaki: (There’s still a lot I’m unsure about, but... maybe I’ll make it through the day if I stick with Aya-senpai...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park]

Ako: Whoa~~! This is amazing! Look, Rokka, Mashiro! There are so many people~!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah, the changing rooms were crowded too, but the pool’s even crazier.
Mashiro: I wonder if Michelle-san is already here...
Ako: Mashiro, you’re so fidgety~! You’ve been like this since the train!
LOCK (Rokka): You’ve been looking forward to Michelle’s greeting event all week, haven’t you, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yeah...! Thanks for coming with me, you two.
Ako: No problem! I wanted to check out Toconut Park too!
LOCK (Rokka): Me too! I was hoping the three of us could go, so I’m glad you invited me!
Ako: Hey, hey! Where should we start!? The rapids sound fun, but so does the obstacle pool~...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! Look over there! There’s a TV crew.
LOCK (Rokka): Hey, isn’t that Michelle-san and Aya-senpai’s show?
Mashiro: Th-that’s... Michelle-san...!!
Ako: Aya-senpai’s there too! Hey~, Aya-senpai~! Michelle~!
Ako: Ah, they waved at us!
LOCK (Rokka): They’re heading over. Maybe they’re on a break?
Aya: Yoo-hoo~! You girls came to hang out too!
Ako: Yup! Mashiro wanted to see Michelle’s greeting event. Right, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Y-yeah...! I really wanted to see Michelle-san...!
Michelle: Thank you~. I’m really happy to see you too~.
Mashiro: N-no...! You’re too kind...!
Aya: Ah, looks like the staff’s calling me...! Time for the next shoot! Catch you later!
Ako: Good luck~!
Ako: I’m so glad you got to see Michelle, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Y-yeah...! Michelle-san’s as cute as ever...!
LOCK (Rokka): Still, TV shoots are pretty hectic, huh? Aya-senpai’s checking her script while moving...
Ako: Yeah, even though she’s at the pool, it looks like hard work~.
