band2-039 Chapter 4: Uneasy Gazes

Moca and the others feel the stares of their classmates. They ask what the problem is...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Okay, let's start afresh and knuckle down~!
Himari: There's plenty of other events I want to try out for!
Tomoe: Yep, it doesn't have to be a huge one either. There's only one thing we're aiming for!
Ran: We'll give the ultimate performance that stays true to ourselves.
Tsugumi: And in order to do that, we need to properly prepare... Right?
Moca: Err, yeah...
Himari: ... Hey, Moca~! What's with that unenthusiastic reply~?
Moca: My bad. It just feels like everyone in class is staring at us~...
Ran: Oh yeah? Now that you mention it, I feel it too...
Tsugumi: Are we imagining things...? They look a little worried...
Tomoe: Th-this is a weird atmosphere to start the day off with...
Himari: Hmm, yeah, this is strange... Okay, I'll go ask what's up!
Moca: ... Oh, Hii-chan's speaking with them.
Tomoe: If there's something they wanna get off their chest, they should come and say it to our faces... I wonder what it could be.
Ran: It looks like bad news...
Tsugumi: ...? Himari-chan looks pretty shocked.
Ran: Ah, homeroom's about to start.
Tomoe: What?! But we don't even know what's going on yet! This is really gonna bug me!
Tsugumi: A-at any rate, we need to return to our seats. Let's find out the full story at break time.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: ... Huh? People are gossiping about the other day?
Tsugumi: Are they talking about what happened at the Melodic Rain auditions?
Himari: Yes. It seems our conversation with that producer has spread around on social media.
Moca: Ah~, there were a lot of other bands around us.
Tomoe: Do you mean when Ran took that producer down a peg? Hahaha, so it was cool enough to become gossip!
Ran: What...?
Himari: No, that's not it. After that incident, the auditions were called off.
Moca: ...? What do you mean?
Himari: There was an uproar among the other bands who wanted to be judged by their skills. So they decided to cancel the rest of the auditions.
Himari: I was secretly looking it up on my phone during first period... And people are saying we're the cause of all the trouble...
Ran, Moca, Tsugumi & Tomoe: Huh...?
Himari: Apparently, our classmates were worried about us...
Tsugumi: So that's what it was...
Ran: Well, the rumors aren't wrong, so I think it's fine. I only said what I felt was true.
Tomoe: Yeah, I feel bad that the auditions were canceled, but we couldn't just sit back and do nothing while those girls were spoken to like that.
Tsugumi: Yes, I agree. Ran-chan sure was cool, but so were you, Himari-chan.
Himari: What? Me?
Moca: You were the very first person to speak up.
Himari: W-well, I saw that they were too stunned to say anything. I just felt  like I had to do something...
Himari: If anything, I'm sorry for dragging us into this.
Ran: It's fine. We felt the same way as you, Himari.
Tomoe: Yeah, there's no need to worry about silly gossip! Let's just focus on performing, the same as always!
Himari: Y-you're right...!
