band2-050 Chapter 15: Necessary for the Ultimate Show

As Afterglow takes the stage, the crowd becomes restless. The members give the performance their all.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato)

[Girls Band Jam Vol.13 - Venue]

Ran: Nice to see you again, Girl Jam. We're Afterglow.
Audience A: Afterglow... Huh? Isn't that the band from the rumors? I'm surprised they're here.
Audience B: No way! Is Girl Jam really okay with this?
Audience C: I sure hope they don't cause trouble during their performance.
Moca: The audience is restless, just as we predicted~.
Tsugumi: I know we expected this reaction, but in a venue of this size, it's quite overwhelming.
Ran: We're in a tight spot, but I'm not worried.
Kasumi: You can do it, Afterglow~!
Yukina: ...
Tomoe: We can hear the people supporting us loud and clear.
Himari: The fans who always come to our concerts are here too. They're cheering for us with all their hearts.
Ran: On top of that, there's a beautiful sunset...
Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe & Himari: ...
Ran: It's time! Let's show them a true Afterglow performance!
Tomoe: (The crowd is still pretty cold...)
Tsugumi: (But little by little... I can feel the venue heating up...)
Himari: (Kasumi and Yukina-san are watching over us. So are our loyal fans...)
Moca: (It must be difficult cheering for us when the other guests aren't on board~.)
Ran: (Which is why we won't give in!)
(Black cut)
Ran: That first song was called "That Is How I Roll." Thank you.
Audience A: These Afterglow guys actually perform pretty well...
Audience B: I wasn't expecting much after I heard those rumors... But I think I like them...
Ran: Before we start the next song... I want you all to listen to what I have to say.
Ran: I'm sure you've heard all sorts of gossip about us.
Ran: However, I'm not going to stand here and make excuses. After all, it was my own actions that planted the seeds for those rumors. There's nothing I can do about that.
Ran: I know there are people here who don't like us, but I want you all to know this.
Ran: We just want to put on the best concert possible. We're all here because of our love of bands, and we want to give you all an amazing show.
Ran: I believe that together, we can gaze upon the same sunset...!
Ran: Please listen to "ONE OF US."
(White cut)
Tomoe: (I'll keep the beat, so the rest of you better give it your all!)
Tomoe: (Let's put on a show so awesome that nobody will give a damn about that gossip!)
(White cut)
Tsugumi: (Afterglow was a special place that belonged to the five of us. But I've finally realized that there are others here with us...)
Tsugumi: (Surely, more and more people will join us. When that happens, I have a feeling that we will achieve even greater things.)
(White cut)
Himari: (I can tell the crowd is slowly heating up...! They must have embraced our message...!)
Himari: (We want this moment to continue. We won't stop. Please follow us, everyone...!)
(White cut)
Moca: (What a strange feeling... The atmosphere is red-hot, but I can see each person's face so clearly...)
Moca: (I never knew that having support from others would make me feel even stronger than when it's just the five of us...)
(White cut)
Ran: (I bet we'll continue to face many challenges in the future...)
Ran: (But it's okay. If we keep the heat and fiery spirit from this moment in our hearts, I know we can overcome anything...!)
(White cut)

[After the Performance]

Himari: Wow! That was amazing! The audience was so excited!
Tsugumi: Yep, I'm glad everyone enjoyed it! I'm getting a bit emotional...
Tomoe: Ahaha, I expect this from Himari, but don't you go crying too, Tsugu!
Tsugumi: You say that, but you look teary-eyed as well, Tomoe!
Tomoe: Well, when I think about how we're the ones who ignited that passion, I get a little choked up...
Himari: That means our performance beat that nasty gossip!
Tomoe: Hey, that performance was pretty darn close to the perfect performance we're aiming for, don't you think?
Ran: Yeah. It wasn't bad.
Moca: Whoa~. If "not bad' is the best rating you can give that performance, your standards must be sky-high, Ran~.
Ran: That just means we have something to aspire to, right?
Tsugumi: Fufu, I agree. If anyone can achieve the ultimate performance, it's us!
Ran: Yeah. That being said, putting on an unbeatable show can't be done alone. We need everyone's support. I realized that today.
Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe & Himari: ...
Ran: No matter what happens, we won't stop. Let's keep moving toward the place we want to be...!
(White cut)
