band2-042 Chapter 7: Sorry, Everyone

The group discusses what happened at their last show. The conclusion they reach is...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: Man, that show was rough...
Himari: The audience was chatting the whole time. They didn't listen to a thing we played...
Tomoe: I've never had a concert like that before. People were hardly even watching the stage...
Tsugumi: We inconvenienced the band who hosted the event, didn't we...?
Ran: ...
Himari: We were aware that live houses and other bands had a poor opinion of us...
Tsugumi: However, we didn't predict that spectators thought of us so negatively too...
Moca: We're the talk of the town. Now everyone knows about our wicked ways~.
Himari: I-it's not funny, Moca~...
Moca: You're right. My bad. I just wanted to lighten the heavy mood~...
Ran: ... Maybe we should stop doing concerts for a while.
Himari: B-but the plan was to focus on performing...!
Tomoe: I know it sucks, but there's no way we can play a good gig in that kind of atmosphere...
Tsugumi: Not to mention, we were turned down from all the shows we wanted to enter, right?
Himari: I guess... Then how about performing at one of the live houses we're familiar with?
Himari: Like CiRCLE or Galaxy! I don't think they'd say no...
Moca: I wonder if we'd cause them trouble though...
Himari: Huh?
Moca: Marina-san and Yoshiko-san are both kind people. I'm sure they'd let us enter their events if we asked~.
Moca: That being said, it's not like every audience member knows who we are. What if the same thing happens again...?
Ran: I don't want to cause problems for either CiRCLE or Galaxy...
Himari: Ah...
Tsugumi: Umm, maybe it's best just to wait and see how everything goes for the time being...
Tsugumi: Even if we can't perform live, there must be other things we can do...
Tomoe: Yeah. We could practice or write new songs. Playing shows isn't the only thing bands do.
Moca: Let's take things at a leisurely pace for a while~...
Ran: ... Yeah.
Himari: Everyone...
Himari: I'm sorry it turned out this way...
Tsugumi: Huh...?
Tsugumi: Wh-why are you apologizing, Himari-chan? You didn't do anything wrong.
Himari: But I'm the one who got us into this mess...
Himari: I dragged you all into this situation I created... I didn't think about the consequences at all. I should've been more careful...
Himari: As the leader of Afterglow, I'm supposed to put our band first...
Moca: It's not your fault, Hii-chan~.
Ran: Exactly. By that logic, I bear more responsibility for causing our problems.
Tomoe: Nah, if you'd kept quiet, Ran, then I would've said something instead. It was gonna be one of us.
Tsugumi: It's a pity we're in this situation, but please don't blame yourself.
Himari: Thanks...
Himari: Still, I can't just leave things as they are...
Himari: I'm going to come up with a way we can perform again, so just hold on for a bit!
Ran: Huh? What do you mean...?
Tomoe: You don't need to overwork yourself. Just take it easy for now.
Moca: Hmm, do you have any leads~?
Himari: N-no... But I'll work it out! There must be a solution!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
(Black cut)
