band2-045 Chapter 10: Feelings Towards Each Other

Himari frantically searches for an event they can enter. However, the rumors of that incident have spread far and wide...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Live House at the Station Entrance - Outside]

Himari: ...
Himari: (I'm such a moron... I created this dilemma we're in and upset everyone...)
Himari: (I've got to find a way we can perform again... I need to get Afterglow back to our same as always...)
Himari: (Isn't there any kind of event that would be okay for us to participate in...?)
Audience A: Hey, isn't that girl... from Afterglow?
Audience B: She's looking through the event fliers. Do you think they're planning on taking part in one of them?
Himari: ...!
Audience A: To be honest, I don't want them to get involved. I'd hate for them to mess everything up like they did at Melodic Rain.
Himari: W-we wouldn't do that!
Himari: It's not like we meant for things to get out of hand...!
Audience A: If you didn't agree with how the event was managed, why didn't you just leave?
Audience B: You went out of your way to stir up chaos. I think it's only natural you're seen as troublemakers.
Audience C: I shudder to think what would happen if that vocalist got mad again and wreaked havoc.
Himari: ...! Ran isn't that kind of person!
Himari: She was sticking up for us! She was angry on our behalf!
Himari: Don't speak badly of my friend when you don't even know anything!
Himari: O-oh~.
Ran: That's enough, Himari.
Moca: Found you, Hii-chan.
Himari: ...?!
Himari: Ran...? Moca...? Why are you here?
Ran: We went to your house and were told you came here.
Moca: We couldn't just leave all the work to you, Hii-chan~. We wanted to help.
Ran: There's no need to do this alone, right? Performing concerns the whole band.
Moca: It's bound to be better if we work on it together~.
Himari: Ran...
Audience A: More Afterglow members...?
Ran: Hey, if there's something you want to say to me, then say it to my face.
Ran: I'll never forgive you for making my friend cry...!
Audience A・B・C: ...!
Moca: Just so you know, I'm angry too~...
Himari: Ran... Moca...
Tomoe: Looks like we weren't the only ones searching for Himari... I guess we're all in tune with each other.
Tsugumi: A-are you okay, Himari-chan? Please don't cry...!
Himari: Tomoe, Tsugu...?
Tsugumi: The two of us were discussing things and started to worry about you, Himari-chan.
Tsugumi: You said you were going to find a solution, and we couldn't exactly force you not to, but...
(White cut)
Tomoe: Let us help. Figuring it out together is the least we can do, right?
Himari: ...
Tomoe: But before that...
Audience A・B・C: ...!
Tomoe: So that's what people are saying. Now I know what you all think of us.
Tomoe: If you have something to say, I'm happy to listen. But I won't stay silent while you make my bandmate cry.
Tsugumi: I understand how you must feel, but please listen to our side of the story as well!
Audience A: L-let's go...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Ah, off they go~...
Tsugumi: Y-you sure told them, Tomoe-chan...
Ran: Himari, are you okay...?
Himari: Oooh~. G-guys~!
Tomoe: H-hey, don't cry more. People are staring.
