band2-044 Chapter 9: Always Look Forward

Tsugumi has a shift at Hazawa Coffee. She sighs and seems to have something on her mind...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Yukina: Hello, Hazawa-san. I'm meeting Lisa here. Are there any seats available?
Tsugumi: Sigh...
Yukina: Hazawa-san...?
Tomoe: H-hey, Tsugu! There's a customer!
Tsugumi: Huh? Ah, pardon me! I'll take you to your table right away!
Tomoe: Sorry. Tsugu's been like this all the time lately...
Yukina: I don't mind. I'm aware you're facing quite the predicament at the moment.
Tsugumi: So you know about our problems too, Yukina-senpai...
Yukina: Yes, I overhear stories every time I got to a live house or studio.
Yukina: The Melodic Rain incident is one thing, but I also heard you had a terrible experience at a show the other day.
Tsugumi: So people are even talking about that now...
Tsugumi: Ever since that incident, I've been thinking about how to get Afterglow back to what it was before...
Tomoe: Tsugu...
Tsugumi: Of course, I know we can't undo what we did.
Tsugumi: Even so, I have to do something, or else the days we can't perform will just continue. And I know Himari-chan will try and shoulder all the blame...
Tomoe: ... Things will never be like before.
Tsugumi & Yukina: ...!
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan...!
Tomoe: Ah, wait, I don't mean that we should give up because of that!
Tomoe: I was thinking it'd be better if we could turn things around and become a new us!
Yukina: What do you mean by that?
Tomoe: Well, I- No, we all believe that we did the right thing at Melodic Rain.
Tomoe: If that's the case, we shouldn't try to reverse things. Instead, we need to stand tall and march forward in a way that's true to ourselves.
Tomoe: I know things are difficult at the moment because of what happened. But on the other hand, it's now crystal clear what's important to us.
Tomoe: In fact, if we'd stayed silent back then, I think I would've lost my love for the band.
Yukina: I see...
Tsugumi: Leave it to you to be the cool one, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Huh? Where'd that come from?
Tsugumi: I've been doing nothing but mulling over things. I had no confidence in my feelings, unlike you...
Tomoe: ...? Really? I think you and I are both thinking along the same lines.
Yukina: Yes, I think they're both positive ways of thinking.
(White cut)
Tsugumi: D-do you really think so?
Yukina: You desire to overcome this setback and move forward as well, correct?
Tomoe: That's right! That's what I mean!
Tsugumi: Th-that's because all I can really do is work hard... So I want to do my best to not give up!
Tsugumi: We can't be the same Afterglow as always if we can't perform...
Tsugumi: I want to make it so that we can all enjoy being in this band again.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe & Yukina: ...
Tsugumi: Wh-what is it?
Tomoe: Man, that side of you is seriously cool, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: Huh? I-I don't understand. I don't think I have any cool sides...
Tomoe: Of course you do. It's the side of you that faces straight forward, no matter what!
Tomoe: Even in tough times, you always look towards the future. It totally inspires the rest of us!
Tsugumi: Th-thank you...
Tomoe: ... If only Himari could think the way you do, Tsugu, or have confidence like me.
Tsugumi: Y-yes. Himari-chan seemed like she was pushing herself too hard...
(Black cut)
