band2-046 Chapter 11: Lucky Omen Sunset

The group gathers to talk at the park. As they look up at the sky, what do they see...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Park]

Himari: Thanks for finding me, everyone...
Himari: But maybe we shouldn't have done that. What if it becomes another bad rumor...?
Tomoe: Hahaha, it's too late now. Besides, we're used to being misunderstood, so don't worry about it.
Tomoe: Right, Ran?
Ran: Speak for yourself...
Moca: Yeah, you were right on the money back there, Ran~. Even I started shaking in my boots~.
Moca: "Don't come any closer to Himari if you know what's good for you...!"
Ran: I didn't say that.
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... You were all very cool.
Himari: Umm, guys...
Himari: I'm so sorry for causing all this commotion...
Himari: Even though I said I'd fix our situation, I haven't been able to do a single thing. I even broke down in tears in the middle of town. I'm an unreliable leader, aren't I...?
Ran: Well, that's nothing new.
Tomoe: Our style has always been for us all to support our leader.
Moca: If Hii-chan were to become dependable, I'd be a little creeped out~.
Himari: That's too harsh~!
Tsugumi: I know you've been feeling guilty about what happened, but you really don't need to.
Tomoe: Yeah, dude! You should be proud of what you did! You fought to help your friends!
Himari: Tomoe...
Ran: You said you regret not thinking before you acted, but that's what we like about you, Himari.
Ran: You jumped in to defend your friends without fearing repercussions.
Moca: It takes courage to face situations like that head-on~. I don't think I could've done what you did~.
Tsugumi: Mhm, I feel honored to be friends with someone like you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Everyone...
Ran: You know, you said you weren't leader-material...
Ran: But stuff like thinking about consequences, doing things that benefit the band, and being dependable...
Ran: Those aren't the only things that make up a good leader.
Ran: I think a leader's role is to show us what we want to be.
Ran: We should stand against what we believe is wrong and stick to what we want to do...
Ran: That's what we want Afterglow to be.
Himari: Oooh~.
Ran: Ahaha, there you go again.
Himari: I-I can't help it. You're all being really nice.
Moca: Oh? But we're always this nice to you, Hii-chan. Have you never noticed?
Himari: You're always the hardest on me~!
Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahahaha!
Tsugumi: Ah, look, everyone...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: The sunset...
Tomoe: Feels like forever since I last saw one.
Moca: Well, it's been nothing but rain and cloudy weather these days~.
Ran: Maybe something good will happen tomorrow.
Tsugumi: Are sunsets your lucky omens, Ran-chan?
Ran: Not just mine. They're ours, right?
Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Tomoe & Himari: ...
Himari: Yes...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
