band2-036 Chapter 1: Big News

As Ran and the others meet at Hazawa Coffee, Himari bursts in with exciting news to share.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Ran-chan, Moca-chan, Tomoe-chan, are you ready to order?
Ran: Coffee for me.
Tomoe: Ah, make that two!
Moca: I'll have a triple stack pancake set~. The one with ice cream on top~. And a tea, please~.
Ran: Huh? Moca, are you really going to finish all that?
Ran: You were just eating buns from Yamabuki Bakery while walking here.
Tomoe: You managed to devour five of them.
Tsugumi: Th-that many...? Th-that's our Moca-chan...
Moca: Well~, I am going through a growth spurt~.
Ran: I've never seen a time where you weren't in a growing spurt.
Moca: And look how big I've gotten thanks to that.
Tomoe: G-guys, we're here to plan our schedule, right?
Tomoe: You better not overeat and fall asleep. The whole point of us gathering here is to discuss which live music events we're gonna perform in.
Ran: Himari said there are all sorts of events she wants to try entering, didn't she?
Tsugumi: Yep. She said doing an event at a live house we've never performed at might be a good idea.
Tomoe: True, it's important to play on many different stages if we want to improve.
Ran: Speaking of Himari, where is she anyway? Is she not here yet?
Moca: She sent a message saying she's running a bit late~...
Himari: Sorry, I'm late~!
Tsugumi: Ah, right on cue. Welcome, Himari-chan.
Tomoe: Yo, dude, you're tardy today.
Himari: I said I'm sorry~! More importantly, I have big news, everyone!
Ran: Big news?
Moca: Oh, has the diet you vowed to stick to finally paid off, Hii-chan...?
Ran: Hm? You don't look any different.
Himari: Stop it! It hasn't worked yet!
Tomoe: So what's the big news, then?
Himari: Fufu, prepare to be amazed~! Believe it or not, they're holding auditions for Melodic Rain!
Tomoe: Melodic Rain...
Tsugumi: Auditions...?
Himari: Exactly! You've heard about the live music event Melodic Rain before, right?
Tomoe: Ah, yeah, I remember now. People have been talking about it recently.
Ran: That's the event that gathers up-and-coming girls bands, right?
Moca: I've heard of it too~. That show attracts a lot of attention, doesn't it~?
Tsugumi: Yep. I heard there are even bands who've received offers from record companies after participating.
Himari: A girl from a band we often see at other events told me about it! She invited us to take part in it together!
Tomoe: Ah, that girl whose band puts on wicked performances, right? You two are getting along well lately.
Moca: Hii-chan is good at making friends~.
Himari: As a result, we've got our hands on valuable information, right? We need to make the most of this opportunity!
Himari: Let's aim for a major debut!
Ran: I don't really care about that... Wasn't our goal to put on the ultimate show?
Tsugumi: Fufu, that's why we've been practicing so hard.
Himari: I know that~. I just think that landing a record deal would be fabulous too~.
Tomoe: Hahaha, well, if we give a killer performance, it's possible we'll get scouted, right?
Moca: Oh~, one could say they go hand in hand~.
Ran: Well, if it's a popular event, a bunch of talented bands are sure to be there. I guess auditioning for it would be worthwhile.
Tsugumi: Mhm. Seeing skilled bands perform in front of our eyes is bound to give us even more motivation.
Himari: Uh-huh! I knew you guys would agree!
Himari: Then are we all in agreement about auditioning?
Tomoe, Moca, Ran & Tsugumi: No objections!
