band2-038 Chapter 3: Cheers to Ran's Courage!

Looking back on the incident at the audition venue, the group members praise Ran.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Fast Food Store]

Himari: Ugh~! I had no idea it was that kind of event!
Tomoe: I thought it was gonna be a fair fight between all the bands.
Ran: A music event where we aren't even judged on our performance is unbelievable.
Tomoe: Not to mention, they had the gall to claim some bands are just goofing off... That really got under my skin.
Himari: Uh-huh! We made the right decision by ditching the second round of that audition.
Tsugumi: I know how you all feel, but your facial expressions are a little scary...
Moca: Yeah, I think we all need to cool down a bit~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan...
Moca: In fact, isn't it a good thing we found out what kind of event it really was~?
Moca: If we passed the auditions without knowing, we might've been even angrier...!
Tsugumi: Ah, Moca-chan, I see you're mad as well...
Himari: Moca's right, everyone. That's not the kind of event we want to be a part of.
Tomoe: What we want are shows where you can simply enjoy quality music!
Tomoe: Something with a lineup of bands that give killer performances and guests who come to have fun!
Moca: You said it. That's exactly the kind of event for us~.
Ran: Anyway, let's just forget about that event. We've said our piece. There's no use letting it bother us any further.
Ran: There are a ton of other events we plan on entering, so let's turn our attention to those.
Tomoe & Himari: Yep!  Yeah!
Moca: That being said, you made me all tingly back then, Ran~.
Ran: Huh? What are you talking about?
Tomoe: She's talking about when you gave that producer a piece of your mind, of course.
Tomoe: Since you put it out there like that, even I felt a sense of relief!
Himari: Uh-huh! You didn't back down at all in front of that pushy producer!
Tsugumi: The other bands who were watching were surprised by your intensity too.
Ran: That's just because that producer's rambling was getting on my nerves...
Ran: That wasn't very mature...
Moca: Nah, we all felt the same way. I'm glad you spoke up~. Besides, if you hadn't said anything, I would've stepped up to the plate~.
Ran: You, Moca...?
Moca: That producer got real lucky~. Did you know they call me the mad dog of Haneoka? I wouldn't have let them off that easy~.
Ran: Nobody calls you that.
Tsugumi: We don't see Moca-chan angry very often, do we?
Ran: Now I kind of want to see it...
Himari: Moca aside, if Ran hadn't stepped in, I think it was Tomoe who might've exploded.
Tomoe: Huh? Me?
Himari: In those kinds of situations, you're usually the first to jump in, right?
Tomoe: Umm~... Well, I wanted to say something, but Ran took the words right out of my mouth.
Tomoe: I guess I took too long trying to find the right thing to say... Come on, don't make me explain it~!
Himari: Ahaha, so that's what happened. My bad.
Moca: No wonder you were standing there shaking, Tomo-chin. I couldn't tell from your face if you were angry or what~.
Tomoe: A-anyway, let's not get hung up on that!
Tomoe: I propose a toast to Ran for being really cool today! Everyone, grab your juice~!
Ran: Huh? N-no, come on, cut it out...!
Ran: Besides, I was so caught up in the moment, I don't even remember what I said. Quit bringing it up. You're embarrassing me.
Tomoe: Hahaha, don't get all shy on us!
Tsugumi: Fufu, I did feel a little nervous, but you really came through for us, Ran-chan.
Moca: That one line will never get old~.
Moca: "We're in this band for our own purpose, not yours!"
Ran: You're teasing me, aren't you...?
Tomoe, Himari & Tsugumi: Ahaha.
