band2-040 Chapter 5: Is This a Crisis?!

The group practices intensely for their next performance. By contrast, Himari seems worried...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: ... Okay, I think that sounds pretty good.
Tsugumi: This song has come together beautifully! I can't wait to play it at our next performance!
Moca: Speaking of performances, have you decided which event we're entering next?
Himari: Ah, about that. I've applied for everything I was interested in... But we've been rejected from almost all of them...
Ran: Huh? Really?
Tsugumi: Wh-what do you mean?
Himari: Apparently, every event has decided on its lineup already~!
Tomoe: Still, it's not just one or two of them, right?
Tomoe: Don't you think it's weird that suddenly we're being turned down from all these venues?
Moca: Could it be a bizarre coincidence...?
Ran: Is that possible...?
Tsugumi: Hey, Himari-chan. "Almost all" means that there are still events that might give us a chance, right?
Himari: Yep, that's right. Just one, though. I'm actually waiting to hear back from them today...
Tsugumi: ...?
Himari: Ah, right on cue. Wait a moment, I'm going to read their response.
Ran: I have a bad feeling about this...
Moca: Hmm...
Tomoe: So what did they say?
Himari: Ah, ummm... They've suggested that we postpone our application...
Moca: Does that mean they're rejecting us?
Himari: Y-yeah. Apparently they're concerned about what happened at the other auditions.
Himari: They said that they don't know that much about us, but it's a risk working with a band that might cause problems.
Ran & Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: Perhaps that's the real reason we've been refused by other events too...
Ran: It sure seems that way. They were trying to let us down easy.
Tomoe: Come to think of it, all these events are held at live houses we've never performed at before.
Moca: They don't really know us, so maybe they're under the impression that we're a band that causes lots and lots of trouble...
Tsugumi: B-but...
Ran, Tomoe, Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Himari: What are we going to do...? There are no more events left that I wanted us to apply for...
Himari: We're at the stage where we want to perform at a variety of live houses and level up~...
Tomoe: Hmm... Ah, in that case, I might know someone who can help us.
Himari: Huh?
Tomoe: I've kept in touch with a band from a neighboring district that we met at a previous show.
Tomoe: They told me they're organizing an event and looking for bands to participate.
Tomoe: That band knows us pretty well, so I'll try asking them if we can join.
Ran: I imagine that would give us the inspiration we want from performing at different live houses.
Himari: Ooo, Tomoe~! You're a lifesaver~!
Tomoe: Hahaha, you're exaggerating! That being said, we need to make sure it's an intense performance!
Himari: Agreed. If they're letting us take part, we need to properly fire up the crowd. We don't want to disappoint anyone.
Tomoe: Well, that's true, but I was thinking more along the lines of what Ran said before.
Ran: Me?
Tsugumi: Do you mean when she asked the producer if they were serious about showcasing good performances?
Moca: If we put on a crummy performance now, we'd be a laughing stock~.
Ran: I don't think we need to worry about that.
Ran: After all, we have no intention of putting on a lousy show. The only thing on our minds is giving the best performance possible.
Tomoe, Himari, Tsugumi & Moca: Yep! Yeah!
