band2-049 Chapter 14: The Usual

The day of Girl Jam is here. Himari seems nervous, but this time it's different...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Girls Band Jam Vol.13 - Venue]

Tsugumi: Wow, this year's Girl Jam is an outdoor event!
Tomoe: Yeah, they've scaled up the event from last year. They said more bands are participating as well.
Moca: Don't underestimate the grand era of girls bands~...
Tomoe: That reminds me, the Poppin'Party girls are coming to watch, right?
Ran: Mhm, Kasumi assured me they'd cheer extra loud for us.
Tomoe: Hahaha, cool. Hello, Happy World! said they'd come too, so it's bound to get lively.
Tsugumi: Ah, Pastel＊Palettes are supposed to be here as well.
Tsugumi: Eve-chan said they might not arrive until right before our turn because of work, but that they wouldn't miss it for the world.
Moca: Didn't the Roselia people mention something about coming~?
Ran: Ah, yeah. They said the whole band's coming... Hm?
Tsugumi: What is it?
Ran: Um, there's a message on my phone... It's from Minato-san.
Ran: ...
Moca: What did Minato-san say~?
Ran: "I want you to give the best performance possible." She didn't have to tell us that. We were gonna do it anyway.
Himari: ...
Moca: ...? You're quiet today, Hii-chan.
Himari: Huh? Y-yeah... I was thinking that if the venue is even bigger than last year, then there'll probably be more attendees...
Ran: ...? Well, yeah, that's a given.
Moca: Huh? Hii-chan, are you nervous?
Tsugumi: Could it be that you're worried that something will go wrong like last time?
Himari: Of course I am... But there's no way we can let that bring us down!
Himari: This performance isn't just for the five of us. We need to succeed for everyone who supports us!
Tomoe: Hahaha, so that's what was on your mind.
Ran: Well said, leader.
Ran: There are probably a lot of people who don't think very highly of us.
Ran: But there are still those who know exactly who we are. And that's good enough for us.
Moca: Even if people don't understand, we'll put on such a good show that we won't need to care what they think~.
Himari: Of course! That's the plan, right?
Tomoe: You bet. If they think of us as bad guys, then we'll play the role! We aren't mistaken as scoundrels for nothing, you know!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Tsugumi: Fufu, this is a strange feeling. Even though the odds are stacked against us, I'm a little excited...
Ran & Tomoe: ...
Tomoe: Doesn't that mean you're getting fired up?
Moca: Uh-huh. Adversity really gets you burning~. Even in manga, overcoming a challenge leads to intense plot developments~.
Ran: Let's show the world our best performance.
Tsugumi & Moca: ...
Tomoe & Himari: ...
Ran: ... Aren't you gonna do your thing, Himari?
Himari: Huh?
(White cut)
Tomoe: In times like these, you're always dying to do that thing. What's the holdup?
Himari: Huh? Wait. Are you talking about... my chant?
Himari: What~? You guys have never wanted to do it before. Why now?
Ran: Well, I just figured it be nice on a day like today.
Moca: This concert is a milestone in our lives. We absolutely have to do your chant to mark the occasion, Hii-chan~.
Himari: I can tell you're being sarcastic!
Tsugumi: Fufu, then could you start it for us, Himari-chan?
Himari: O-okay...! Here we go...!
Himari: Hey, hey...
Afterglow: Hoh~!
(White cut)
