band2-047 Chapter 12: No Running Away

As Ran and the others decide to make a fresh start and look to the future, something appears before them...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Okay, everyone, we're going to give this band our all again starting today!
Moca: Whoa~, Hii-chan, you're one eager beaver~.
Himari: Well, we can't sit around doing nothing.
Tomoe: Uh-huh, the best thing we can do right now is move forward.
Tsugumi: We need to practice as hard as we can so that we're prepared to perform whenever we get the chance again.
Ran: Yeah, that's not a bad idea.
Moca: Ran has blessed us with a rare "not bad~."
Saya: Ah, you've made it. Ran and the others are here, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Hey, guys, come on over!
Ran: ...? Kasumi and Saya?
Tsugumi: Oh? Is that... Yukina-senpai and Sayo-san next to them?
Sayo: We came here today to talk to you about something.
Moca: Really?
Yukina: Yes. We were thinking of organizing a concert for Poppin'Party and Roselia.
Kasumi: And we were hoping Afterglow would join too!
Ran & Himari: Huh...?
Tomoe: Are you doing this for us...?
Yukina: Not at all. We just happened to feel like holding a concert again.
Yukina: We suspected you'd be interested since your plans were canceled. It seemed like perfect timing, so we came here to ask-
Kasumi: We just want to do what we can to support you guys!
Yukina: Wait, Toyama-san...
Saya: We need to help each other out during hard times, right? Poppin'Party and Roselia both have experience hosting music events, so we thought we could lend a hand.
Sayo: If we organize this event ourselves, I'm sure the audience will be people who come to our shows often.
Sayo: I don't think you'd have to worry about any unnecessary troubles.
Ran & Moca: ...
Himari: We'd be able to perform again, the same as always...
Tsugumi: Thank you very much. I'm so happy you'd do that for us...
Yukina: Showing us an unparalleled performance is the only thanks we need.
Saya: If everyone's okay with it, I'd like to go ahead with this plan. What do you think?
Ran: Of cour-
Ran: ...?
Himari: Oh, sorry. That's my phone. I received a message... Oh, what...?
Tomoe: What is it?
Himari: It's a message from a staff member of last year's Girl Jam.
Tsugumi: Girl Jam? I heard they're holding that event again this year. You didn't apply though, right?
Himari: Right... Let's see... Huh? It says they want us to perform again this year...!
Moca, Ran, Tomoe & Tsugumi: What?!
Moca: Does that mean they're actually requesting our participation~?
Himari: I think so. It says that they enjoyed our performance so much last year that they'd love for us to take part again this year!
Moca: Ah, the message continues..."However, we are aware of your current circumstances."
Tsugumi: "If you choose to perform, we must warn you of the possibility of a negative reaction from the audience."
Tomoe: "Nonetheless, if you accept our offer..."
Ran: "Girl Jam will welcome you with open arms..."
Kasumi: That's amazing. An invitation from Girl Jam...
Tomoe: Well, I'm happy we can take the stage again, but it's not like our situation has changed.
Tsugumi: It might turn out the same as last time...
Himari: Then should we perform with Poppin'Party and Roselia instead...?
Moca: If we did, I doubt we'd need to worry about the crowd's reaction...
Yukina & Kasumi: ...
Ran: Um, Kasumi, Minato-san... Thank you for inviting us to your event.
Ran: I'm sorry for wasting your time, but I want to play at Girl Jam.
Kasumi: That's totally fine! But will you be okay...?
Yukina: Does that mean you're intentionally choosing the event in which you'll face criticism?
Ran: We'd probably be a lot more comfortable at the Poppin'Party and Roselia concert.
Ran: However, I can't help feeling like we'd be running away...
Ran: If we really believe that we did the right thing, then I want to stand confidently on that stage, no matter the reaction.
Himari: Ran...
Ran: That's what I think anyway... What about you guys?
Tomoe: Do you even have to ask? We have no reason to run or hide.
Tsugumi: With the five of us together, we're unstoppable.
Himari: Yep, whatever happens, we won't lose.
Moca: Let's hold our heads high and march into Girl Jam~!
Yukina: I see... That decision is very much like you all.
Kasumi: Good luck with Girl Jam! We'll be there to cheer you on!
Ran: Thanks, we'll show you what we're made of... So stay tuned.
