band2-037 Chapter 2: Trouble Breaks Out?!

The auditions for the event have finished. A nervous Himari and the others await the results...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Two Weeks Later]

[Audition Hall]

Himari: Sigh~, they're about to announce the results for the first round of judging~.
Tsugumi: A-are you okay, Himari-chan? You look pretty nervous...
Himari: That's because I am~! I know we prepared as best we could, but these other bands seem so talented~!
Tomoe: Hey, man, don't lose your nerve. Don't forget, we gave a great performance ourselves.
Moca: Weren't you telling everyone in our class to cheer for us because we'd definitely make it through~? Where'd all that confidence go~?
Ran: Still, I get why you're worried.
Ran: The overall level of skill here is very high. Your friend's band was really good too, Himari.
Himari: R-right? Oh, I hope we'll be okay~...
Tomoe: Chill out. You're worrying too much. Oh, look, they've stuck the results notice up.
Himari: We're entry number forty-eight, right...? Umm, thirty-six, forty-four...
Tsugumi: Forty-eight... Ah, there it is! We're on the list, everyone!
Himari: You're right! We made it! This is wonderful! We passed!
Moca: Hii-chan, there's no need to jump up and down like that. We can see it with our own eyes~.
Tomoe: Besides, that was only the first stage. We need to perform one more song to make it in, right?
Ran: That reminds me, how did your friend's band do, Himari?
Himari: Ah, I need to check theirs too! I'm sure they'll be fine. Their performance was spectacular, after all~...
Himari: Huh? Umm... Wait, what?
Tsugumi: What is it?
Himari: My friend's number... isn't here...
(Black cut)

[Audition Hall - Hallway]

Himari: ...
Tomoe: H-hey, come on, we just passed the first round. Don't pull that face, Himari~.
Himari: But it looks like those girls failed the audition...
Himari: They were practicing really hard, you know. Maybe even more than us...
Tsugumi: Yes, I thought so too. And their performance looked great to me...
Ran: It's kind of weird that they didn't make it through...
???: Please! Tell us the reason!
Tomoe: ...? What was that voice just now?
Himari: That voice. Could it be...?
Tsugumi: Huh? Himari-chan, wait!
Himari's Friend: Could you tell us what you didn't like about our performance?
Ran: That's... Himari's friend's band...
Tomoe: They're talking to the producer from the panel of judges.
Producer: Look, there wasn't anything wrong with your performance. Simply put, it's more worthwhile for us to keep other bands over yours.
Himari's Friend: Wh-what kind of bands are you talking about?
Producer: Bands that can attract an audience, obviously. No matter how well you can perform, it doesn't mean a thing unless you can draw paying customers.
Ran & Tomoe: ...!
Himari: P-please wait a moment!
Himari: These girls really pushed themselves at practice with the hope of taking part in Melodic Rain!
Himari: Can't you spare a thought for their feelings...?
Producer: I'm sorry, but nobody would come to see an event full of unknown bands.
Moca: When you put it that way, it's not like we're particularly famous either though~.
Tsugumi: Th-that's right...
Producer: What do you mean? Your band has a proven track record. You were a huge hit at Girl Jam last year.
Producer: That event has many fans. Putting a band that had success there in our show would be of value to us.
Himari: D-does that mean... all you're concerned about is the results we produce?
Tsugumi & Moca: ...!
Producer: The most important thing is your ability to lure in patrons. As long as you aren't terrible performers, there's no problem.
Ran: ... But don't you want to gather bands who put on great performances?
Producer: If performing well is all you can do, then you're not worthy of this kind of event.
Producer: I hate to be the one to tell you this, but a band that can't pull in a crowd is simply messing around. They can't be taken seriously.
Tomoe: How can you say something like that?
Tsugumi: E-everyone is trying their best to put on a great show...!
Moca: That's right. Even us~...
(White cut)
Ran: ... I've heard enough. I understand what kind of event this is now.
Himari: Ran...
Ran: I'll say this only once... You have no right to judge bands like that!!
Himari, Tomoe, Tsugumi & Moca: ...!
Ran: Every band puts their heart and soul into reaching their own goals...!
Ran: Who do you think you are, dismissing people's sincerity by measuring it with your made-up criteria?
Ran: We're in this band for our own purpose, not yours!!
Himari, Tomoe, Tsugumi & Moca: ...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
