band2-043 Chapter 8: Ran's Thoughts

Moca goes about things the same as always, but Saya senses that something is amiss...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Several Days Later]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: ...
Saya: Hey, Moca. Are you okay?
Moca: Oh? What do you mean? As you can see, I'm the same as always~.
Saya: Really? You've been standing in front of those buns for ten minutes now. Aren't you overthinking things?
Moca: Ah~, I just couldn't decide which bun I felt like today~.
Saya: ... I heard about what happened.
Moca: Huh...?
Saya: People seem to be spreading all sorts of rumors... I figured it must be bothering you.
Moca: I see. So even you know the story, Saya...
Saya: The Poppin'Party girls are worried about you too. You haven't come to CiRCLE lately, so we were wondering how you were all holding up...
Moca: ... I guess things aren't going too great.
Moca: I didn't know gossip had this much influence. The concerts we were planning on entering have all turned us down, and the concert we did play was a mess...
Saya: No way...
Moca: We're trying to stay positive by concentrating on things we can do other than performing live...
Moca: But Hii-chan feels somewhat responsible for all of this... And there's no way the other members are fine either...
Saya: ... You're thinking of others before yourself, huh?
Moca: What...?
Saya: I was worried that you were upset... But it turns out you're more concerned that your bandmates feel hurt.
Moca: ... Well, I do have a little-known compassionate side~.
Saya: I see. If there's ever anything you want to get off your chest, you can always talk to me. I'll support you in any way I can.
Saya: Poppin'Party and Afterglow were both in Girls Band Party, so we should help each other out in our times of need.
Moca: Saya...
Moca: Then I'd like a hundred times the points on my card today...!
Saya: Ahaha, that's going overboard.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Ran: It's raining...
Ran: This bad weather has been going on for days... I haven't seen the sunset at all lately...
Moca: Ran~?
Ran: Moca... Ah, by the looks of that bag, you were at Yamabuki Bakery.
Moca: Yep, I bought some snacks to eat on my day off~.
Moca: What are you doing here, Ran? Are you on your way to the florist's shop?
Ran: No. I was trying to write lyrics, but I can't get into the right state of mind... So I stepped out to get some fresh air.
Moca: Lyrics?
Ran: We talked about doing what we can, remember? So I was thinking up a new song.
Ran: Except, I have no vision of what I want to put in a song right now... I'm making zero headway...
Moca: ... That makes sense. We haven't got anything we can make into a song yet.
Ran: Huh...?
Moca: We've always put our experiences into our music, right...? But that's only after coming up with our own answer to things.
Moca: I don't think we've found the answer to the problem we're experiencing yet.
Ran: ...
Moca: Ran, you haven't said a word about that show we played. Do you not want to talk about it?
Ran: It's not like that...
(White cut)
Moca: Then why don't we talk it over~? Maybe you'll find an answer you can make into lyrics~.
Moca: I've discounted my consultation fee to one bun, just for you.
Ran: What are you talking about? You're already carrying a bag full of buns. Do you really want more?
Moca: I'm half kidding, half serious~.
Moca: ... If there's something on your mind, I'd be happier if you told me instead of worrying about it by yourself~.
Moca: After all, there may be something I can do to help~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Moca...
Moca: Although, I know that doesn't mean much coming from me~.
Ran: ... You don't need to worry. I'm not feeling sad or anything.
Moca: Really...?
Ran: I don't care that much about the gossip. It's not like what we did at Melodic Rain was a mistake.
Ran: It's just that I was swallowed up by the bad atmosphere at that last concert... I'm frustrated that I couldn't do anything...
Ran: It goes without saying that we can't always perform in ideal circumstances. But even that slipped my mind.
Moca: Ran...
Ran: I want to be a band that won't crumble under the weight of trivial stuff like that. Otherwise, we'll never reach the perfect performance we're aiming for...!
Moca: ...
Ran: ...? Is something wrong?
Moca: No, it's nothing. You've become strong, Ran.
Ran: ... Maybe.
Ran: Anyway, that's enough about me. Are you okay, Moca?
Moca: Mhm! Hearing what you said has cheered me right up.
(Black cut)
