event181-03 Chapter 9: Into the Best Show Ever

Everyone is making final adjustments before the show under CHU², but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Chiyu Tamade)

[Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Once more from the top, Tsukushi.
Tsukushi: I'm sorry! Oooh... This part's so hard~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Just calm down and check the score again.
Rui: ...
Marina: Hi there. How are rehearsals coming along?
CHU² (Chiyu): I want to say fine, but it's a bit of an uphill struggle.
Tsukushi: I'm so sorry! I keep messing up...
CHU² (Chiyu): No. That's not what I mean.
CHU² (Chiyu): Right now, I'm adjusting the score on the fly as I have all of you play through your individual parts.
CHU² (Chiyu): But it's not easy even for me since I have to think of how everything will sound once all the parts come together. That's why I said what I did.
Marina: Fufu, that sounds just like you. You're always trying to perfect your songs as much as possible up until the last moment, huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course. Who do you think I am? If I'm going to be involved, I intend to make this the best song ever.
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright! Tsukushi! You're done reviewing, right? We're going again.
Tsukushi: Okay! Ready!
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop!
Tsukushi: ... ! S-sorry! Please, let me give it one more try!
Tsukushi: U-um... T-ten minutes... No, five minutes is all I need! If you give me five minutes, I'll definitely have this down!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm afraid we don't have that kind of time. There are still plenty of people I have to get through. I'll just simplify your part a little.
CHU² (Chiyu): Everything's going to be fine. Part of my job as a producer is ensuring that a score's difficulty matches the skill levels of my performers. You're not to blame.
Tsukushi: ...
Rui: Futaba-san...
CHU² (Chiyu): Rui, you're next. Let's see what you're really made of.
Rui: So, all I am required to do is play this?
Rui: Very well, then.
(Black cut)
Rui: ... Was that satisfactory?
CHU² (Chiyu): I have... no complaints. That was perfect...
Rui: I see. Please use the extra time for Futaba-san then.
Tsukushi: ... Rui-san?
Rui: Each of us has been allocated fifteen minutes for rehearsals, correct? Spending more time on Futaba-san should no longer be an issue now then.
Tsukushi: Rui-san... Th-thank you...! CHU²-san, please! Give me another chance!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh. Fine, hurry up and get to it.
Tsukushi: Thank you so much!
Rui: CHU²-san... You have violin experience, do you not?
CHU² (Chiyu): ... What are you trying to say?
Rui: This score could only have been written by someone who has played the violin. It is why I was able to play it in a single attempt. Additionally...
Rui: I find this song to be quite well-written.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... ! Of course it is! Ts-Tsukushi! What's taking you so long?!
Marina: Fufu. You've got this, Tsukushi-chan!
Tsukushi: Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Area - Outdoor Stage]

Marina: Gosh, look at this crowd~. Everyone seems so excited too.
Marina: If it weren't for those girls, CiRCLE never would've been able to come this far... We really can't thank them enough...
Marina: Hm? Looks like Hello, Happy World!'s got a bunch of people gathered together...
Kokoro: Hey, everyone! Are your smiles ready~? It's time for a Hello, Happy World! concert~!
Misaki: What?! Now?! Nobody told me!
Kokoro: After seeing everyone's smiles, I just really, really feel like doing one!
Kaoru: The immortal bard Shakespeare once said thus: "Simple... is best."
Misaki: There's no way he said that. Absolutely no way.
Misaki: Besides, how are we supposed to do a show? Michelle said she won't be around for half an hour or so...
Kanon: What with juggling and having to balance herself on a ball, she was awfully busy...
Misaki: Seriously, though. If you all keep working Michelle that hard, she's gonna go on strike.
Kokoro: Really? But Michelle's always been there for us, no matter what!
Kokoro: And she always brings smiles to everyone! A super-duper nice, caring bear, is the kind of bear she is.
Kaoru: Fufu. I must concur with Kokoro. She is... but that kind of a bear.
Hagumi: I think so, too! Michelle's super nice and warm and smells really good, and, and... she's really soft!
Misaki: I don't think the soft part exactly matters...
Kanon: Misaki-chan... are you going to be okay...?
Misaki: Haha... Well, figures. I mean, we are Hello, Happy World! ... And today is supposed to be a day for showing thanks to everyone after all...
Misaki: ... Alright. I guess I can give it a shot! I'm gonna go change, Kanon-san... Could you hold the fort while I'm gone?
Kanon: Yup. Leave it to me!
Marina: Fufufu. Thanks, everyone. Really...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
