event181-07 Ending: Sparkling, Heart-Pounding Future

The event was a success. The girls share their thoughts beneath the starry sky.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato, Chiyu Tamade)

[Event Area - Outdoor Stage]

Kasumi: Mmm~! Yep! Singing with everyone is so much fun!
Marina: Yeah, that was great... Really...
Kasumi: Marina-san...
Marina: Can I have a moment to thank you all again? You girls... Thanks so much for coming to CiRCLE...
Marina: Ahaha, sorry. I'm the adult here and just look at me getting all teary-eyed... But I really wanted to let you know how truly grateful I am...
Himari: Sob, M-Marina-san~...!
Ran: What are you crying for?
Moca: Look who's talking~... Your eyes are getting a little watery, you know?
Ran: Wha-... No, this is...!
Himari: I mean, I'm just so happy~. I'm so happy I met CiRCLE too!
Himari: We've laughed, worried, fought... and spent so much time here... This place means so much to me.
Tomoe: Same. And everyone here feels that way too, Marina-san.
Marina: Fufufu, thanks. You know, all the time we spent preparing for today? I was on cloud nine the whole time.
Marina: There was always someone here, working their hardest... It made me look forward to every single day.
Marina: I wasn't sure we could actually pull it off at first, but I'm glad we gave it a try. Challenging yourself really is important, huh?
Arisa: I'm seriously sorry you had to deal with Kasumi's usual shenanigans.
Kasumi: Hey~. You always say stuff like that, Arisa~.
Tae: But it's thanks to her that we ended up with a great song.
Kasumi: I know! Thanks so much for writing it, CHU²-chan! I really, really, really love it!
CHU² (Chiyu): O-oh. Well, the job of taking lyrics by thirty-five people and piecing together a song is nothing for someone like me.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, you know you had fun.
CHU² (Chiyu): Q-quiet! No one asked for your remarks, okay?!
Kokoro: Mmm~! That's a nice smile, CHU²! The people from downtown and everyone who came to see us had great smiles too!
Ran: Yeah. Preparing was a lot of work, but it was worth it for sure.
Aya: It so was! Getting to do photo ops with the people who came made me so happy!
Mashiro: I-I feel the same way! Having to get used to so many things was difficult, but... Overcoming everything is what let me see a brand-new world...!
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. And most importantly... We had an awesome concert.
Yukina: Definitely. We shared and combined what makes our bands special, and each band was able to shine in their own way. It was truly a wonderful time.
Kasumi: Yeah! The stalls, the concert, the after-party! It was all so much fun!
Kasumi: But it's all coming to an end today, isn't it?
Saya: Kasumi...
Nanami: ...
Kasumi: Starting tomorrow, there won't be any preparations to make at CiRCLE, and we won't be performing the song anymore...
Kasumi: That's so sad.
Kasumi: But... something ending just means something new is going to begin, right?
Kasumi: And I feel like something new's gonna start tomorrow...! A new sparkling, heart-pounding something, just waiting for us! Oooh, I'm getting so excited just thinking about it!
Arisa: Sheesh... You never change, do you?
Rimi: Mm-hmm, but it wouldn't be Kasumi-chan if she did.
Mashiro: U-um... I don't think today's sparkle and excitement will disappear tomorrow...!
Kasumi: What do you mean?
Mashiro: Just like watching your show made us want to see the same sparkling world you see as a band...
Mashiro: Somebody that saw us might've gotten inspired to start their own band, too...! That's why... I'm sure today's sparkle will live on in their heart forever.
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan...! So you're saying this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling will keep on spreading and spreading, right?!
Kokoro: Yup, Kasumi. The smiles will keep spreading! They're limitless!
Kasumi: So this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling is also limitless then!
Kokoro: Exactly! Because fun things never end!
Aya: Fufu. That's so true. Okay! I'm gonna keep working towards my dreams~!
Ran: Yeah. We'll keep at it our way. Same as always.
Mashiro: S-so will we! We're going to try to do our best to work just as hard as all of you!
LAYER (Rei): Mm-hmm. Let's all do our best.
Yukina: Yes. Let us keep advancing towards our own goals.
Kasumi: Yeah! Alright, one more time, everyone! Let's...
All: Do our best!
Kasumi: Let's go together! To the sparkling, heart-pounding future!
(White cut)
(Background change)
