event181-05 Chapter 11: We Love...

The 35-person-show is about to begin. Everyone's thoughts and feelings are one.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Before the Concert]

[Studio]

MASKING (Masuki): Yo, PAREO~, there really a need to pile it on this thick? This has gotta be good enough!
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, I told you no talking, didn't I~? Please sit still until I'm done with your makeup.
CHU² (Chiyu): Just give up, MASKING.
Moca: Mmm~. Buns before a show sure do taste better than usual~.
Lisa: Uh, Moca~. The show's starting, you know~?
Moca: This is just my last recharge. Want one too?
Lisa: Those bunny cornets do look good~! Oooh, maybe I'll have one☆
Moca: Fu fu fu~. No one can resist the bunny cornet. The bunny cornet is all-powerful.
Saya: Fufu, I'm glad it has your approval, Moca.
Toko: Hey, Kaoru-san, Sayo-san! Let's take a selfie together before things start~! C'mon, over here! Yaaay☆
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta, about to attempt a thirty-five-person concert... Yes, this shot shall be truly fleeting.
Sayo: Kirigaya-san. Instead of taking pictures, should you not be preparing?
Toko: I'm super ready! My guitar skills are gonna make not just the whole country cry, the entire human race's gonna be moved to tears!
Tae: In that case... I'll make all the world's rabbits cry!
Sayo: Sigh. Goodness...
Marina: It's almost time. Everyone ready?
Kasumi: Yup, we're totally good to go! Oooh, my heart's beating so fast~!
Kokoro: Now that the sign's as good as new, let's make this a concert full of smiles!
Aya: Ugh~...
Kokoro: Hm? What's wrong, Aya? Why do you look like your tummy hurts?
Aya: I'm just so emotional right now, I feel like I'm about to start crying~...
Hina: Again~?
Aya: I can't help it~... I was thinking of how amazing this group is. The sign got so beat up, but we came together and managed to make it look nice again...
Aya: When we're together, it's like there's nothing we can't possibly do... And the thought of standing on stage with people I feel this way about, it really makes me happy...
LOCK (Rokka): I know how you feel. With everyone's energy combined, I get this feelin' that this will be a show to remember!
Rinko: Yes... For the seven bands that met here at CiRCLE... to perform together... is as incredible... as a miracle...
Yukina: It is, and a chance like this will likely never come again... Which is exactly why we must fully devote ourselves to this one opportunity.
Mashiro: Oooh... I'm starting to get really nervous...
LAYER (Rei): Mashiro-chan. Look up and around you.
Mashiro: Hm...?
LAYER (Rei): It's not easy to find people this amazing who'll be performing with you, don't you think?
Mashiro: LAYER-san...!
Kasumi: Exactly! With everyone here, things'll be great! Let's have fun, all thirty-five of us together, Mashiro-chan!
Kokoro: Thirty-six! It's thirty-six, Kasumi. Misaki isn't here, but she'll be watching over us from the crowd!
Michelle (Misaki): Kokoro...
Kanon: You're right, Kokoro-chan. Let's do our best! As the thirty-six of us!
Kokoro: Yeah!
Chisato: Let's put on a spectacular performance for our guests.
Kaoru: Of course. For our little kittens, we shall provide the greatest of joys, the brightest of smiles... and the fleetingest of fleetingness.
Kasumi: Alright, then... I say it's time for a huddle! Hands in, everyone!
Arisa: C'mon, there's no way we're getting this many people in one huddle. We'd all get squashed.
Kasumi: Awww~?! Then how about holding hands? Grab your neighbor's hands, everyone!
Yukina: Like this...?
Ran: H-hey, Minato-san. Your grip's kinda tight...
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry~. Yukina~, be more gentle, okay? This is nice, though. Like we're one big group now.
Nanami: Yeah! It really feels like a classic team friendship moment!
Mashiro: (Wow... I'm here in the same place with all these people I respect. It's almost as if... I'm holding hands with the spark I saw that day...)
Marina: Fufu. You don't see a group circle this big every day~.
Kasumi: You too, Marina-san!
Marina: Uh, me?
LOCK (Rokka): Come join us, please!
Marina: S-sure!
Kasumi: ...
Arisa: Kasumi?
Kasumi: I can feel everyone's heartbeat through the hands we're holding... It's like we're one big heart.
Kasumi: Not only that, your feelings... I can sense all of your sparkling, heart-pounding feelings...
Arisa: Kasumi...
Kasumi: Even when we grow up, I want us to be able to recall this moment...
Kasumi: So let's pour every ounce of who we are now into our music today to make sure we never forget this feeling...!
Arisa: ... Yeah!
Kasumi: This feeling isn't something I could've created on my own. It's because of each of us here...
Kasumi: That I'm so full of thanks!
Kasumi: So let's share this sparkling, heart-pounding feeling with everyone that's going to be watching us!
Kasumi: Alright, ready? We love...!
All: Music!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
