event181-02 Chapter 8: With Friends We Can Trust

The event has begun. Things are going smoothly at the stalls...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[Event Area - Stalls]

Tsugumi: Hi~! How would you like some freshly-made pancakes~?
Moca: Oh~, Tsugu's givin' off extra levels of Tsugurificness today~.
Ran: Yeah. She's fired up, but...
Tomoe: Himari! Got another one ready here~!
Himari: Thanks~! Wow, it's so pretty, and you can tell from the way it's burnt that it's been heated evenly!
Tomoe: Himari. My spatula skills... You like?
Himari: They're incredible~! Tomoe, you're so cool~!
Tomoe: Hehe, I know.
Moca: Looks like Tomo-chin's in the zone as well~.
Ran: Everyone's way too excited...
Marina: Wow, that's quite a line of customers there~!
Himari: Ah, Marina-san! Check out this pancake! Isn't it look perfect?!
Marina: You're right! Figures that Tomoe-chan would be good at this~.
Moca: Just add some whipped cream, ice cream, the fruits, and... there. All done~.
Marina: Wait, were you always this generous with the pancakes? It feels like an awful lot more than when you were doing test runs.
Tomoe: That's 'cause it's the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! We're piling on the thankful feelings extra high today.
Marina: They look so good~! It'd be such a waste to not try one while I can! Maybe I should also line up... Whoa, the line's gotten way bigger...!
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan! We have an army of customers in line! I'll start making pancakes too!
Tomoe: Got it! Thanks, Tsugu!
Marina: Alright, good luck, girls!
Afterglow: Thanks!
Customer: U-um... You're Ran-chan, right?! C-could I shake your hand?!
Ran: Uh... Sure.
Customer: I've been an Afterglow fan ever since I saw you play at Girl Jam! I came here today just to meet you all!
Ran: Oh, I see... Thanks.
Customer: Your concert that day really was incredible! Please keep doing your best! I'll always be rooting for you!
Ran: Hope you enjoy today's show then. We'll make it the best one yet.
(Black cut)
Marina: Alright, next is...
LAYER (Rei): Ah, Marina-san.
MASKING (Masuki): Hello.
Marina: LAYER-chan, Masuki-chan! On break now? Hm? Are those bunny cornets you're holding?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. The ones you gave us disappeared instantly, so we went and picked some more up.
LAYER (Rei): They were so tasty they really didn't last at all.
LAYER (Rei): And thanks to the bunny cornets, we've been makin' good progress fixin' up the stage.
Marina: Thank goodness~. Seriously though, I really appreciate all of you helping out.
LAYER (Rei): We're the ones that should be thanking you.
Marina: Oh?
LAYER (Rei): For giving us the chance to participate in an event as incredible as this.
MASKING (Masuki): It feels like a dream, yeah... The fact that we get to work with all the other bands.
MASKING (Masuki): I can say this now, but... I sort of used to avoid CiRCLE before joinin' RAS, actually.
Marina: What? Avoided...?
MASKING (Masuki): It was a long time ago, though! Not anymore!
MASKING (Masuki): How do I put it... Uh, it kinda felt like a lotta bands playin' here were made up of people who really get along with each other, y'know?
MASKING (Masuki): So back then, it felt like CiRCLE was rubbin' it in, how I didn't have anythin' like that myself...
MASKING (Masuki): Made this place feel so far away even though it was so close to me...
LAYER (Rei): I know what you mean.
Marina: I see... But I think RAS is totally a part of CiRCLE now, you know?
LAYER (Rei): Of course! I think so, too. It's an incredible live house.
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe, and we're gonna bring our A-game for today's thirty-five-person concert, so you have a lot to look forward to!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
