event181-01 Chapter 7: START THE MUSIC!

Everyone is getting ready for CiRCLE's event. Motivation is rising...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

[The Day of the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!]

[Event Area - Stalls]

Marina: Hey, everyone~. The event's starting in about fifteen minutes. How's it going here?
Kasumi: We still need to finish up with a few of the decorations, but we should be all good to go by then!
Saya: Ah, we might want to get that bread over there wrapped up now while we have the time!
Rimi: That's true. The only ones wrapped are the ones we've laid out.
Marina: Do you need help? I can get someone to come if you do.
Rimi: We'll be fine! I'm sure everyone else is also really busy.
Tae: Plus, you know, if anyone's free, it'd probably be better if they helped out with stage prep, right?
Arisa: Yeah. Roselia, Pastel＊Palettes, and RAS might all be pitching in, but I'm sure they wouldn't mind some more hands.
Saya: Once things settle down here, we'll take turns helping out too.
Marina: That'd be incredible~. Then I'll just leave your treats here, alright?
Kasumi: Oh, donuts! Yay~!
Marina: They just arrived, along with a message. Let me read it for you, okay?
Arisa: ... Huh? A message?
Marina: Let's see... "Go out there and give everything you've got."
Poppin'Party: It's from the owner!
Marina: She apparently can't come because she's busy today, but she's still rooting for you girls all the same.
Kasumi: The owner's cheering for us... I'm feeling even more super-duper ready to go~!
Arisa: Talk about the pressure to do good...
Tae: I feel motivated!
Marina: Well, good luck with the rest of your prep! I'm going to go check on some other places.
Saya: Ah, Marina-san! Do you think you could give these to everyone else?
Marina: So these are the famous bunny cornets! Fufu, they're adorable! I bet everyone's going to love them!
Marina: Alright then! I'm counting on you all today!
Poppin'Party: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Area - Outdoor Stage]

Marina: Hey, everyone. How's the sign team doing?
Lisa: Ah~, Marina-san! Hi there~☆
Ako: Look, look! It's really beginning to look awesome!
Marina: You're right! Nice progress painting the logo.
LAYER (Rei): But we're only about a third of the way there. We need to pick up the pace.
Hina: This line here that's poking out real good is all on Aya-chan. Right~, Aya-chan?
Aya: Hina-chan, please don't remind me~. I'm so sorry, everyone.
Sayo: Hina. It's not nice to say it like that... Don't worry, Maruyama-san.
Hina: What~? I meant it in a good way, though. Like, it's just so her to do that~.
Eve: But thanks to Chisato-san, we have a brilliant way to conceal the part that is sticking out! You have nothing to fear, Aya-san.
Aya: Oooh~... Thanks, you guys.
Marina: Fufu, I can't wait to see how it'll look once it's done!
Aya: You won't be disappointed! And I'll be sure to make up for the part I messed up!
Chisato: Fufu. Although that enthusiasm is wonderful, Aya-chan, we do have the photo op to worry about later, so try not to get too much paint on yourself, okay?
Aya: Ah, right. I'll be careful, Chisato-chan.
Marina: Oh yeah, here. Treats! Donuts from the owner and bunny cornets from Poppin'Party!
Ako: Wow~! They look so good!
Rinko: Yes... and... they're very cute... It feels like such a shame... to eat them... Thank you, Marina-san.
Yukina: Now that we have received treats, we must make sure to work hard enough to deserve them.
Aya: Right! Let's do this, everyone~!
All: Yeah~!
Maya & MASKING: Sorry for the wait~! We're back~!
MASKING (Masuki): Managed to borrow the extra packin’ tape and measurin' tape we need~.
Marina: Alright. It's almost time for the event to begin, so I'm going to have to count on each of you to take care of your parts.
Marina: Ah, but safety first, okay?
Maya: Thank you for watching out for us, but I am the Haneoka Theater Club Stage Director! You can leave the helping out and managing to me!
Marina: Fufu, I suppose I can, huh? Alright, I'm counting on you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[15 Minutes Later]

[Event Area - Outdoor Stage]

Marina: Everyone in place~?
Kokoro: Yup, we're all good to go!
Marina: Girls, thanks so much for all the work you've put in up until today. I know it's going to be a really busy day, but... have as much fun as you can, okay?
Marina: Alright...! The CiRCLE THANKS PARTY is now... beginning~!
All: Good luck~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
