event266-02 Chapter 1: Gathered for Vacation

Sayo and Moca find themselves whisked away to an unfamiliar island. And as they try to take it all in, a massive cruiser approaches them.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

[Happy Happy Island]

Sayo: Um... I feel like I woke up on a strange island... Is this a dream...?
Moca: What a coincidence~. Looks like Moca-chan's having the same dream.
Kokoro: Oh dear, you're still half-asleep. We're here on vacation, so let's start enjoying it already!
Moca: Uh... Vacation...?
Sayo: More importantly, where exactly are we!?
Kokoro: This is Happy Happy Island!
Moca & Sayo: Happy Happy Island?
Kokoro: That's right! It's my favorite island! Here, you can enjoy the kind of vacation you both wished for as much as you want!
Moca: Wished for... Wait a sec...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Moca: A vacation, huh~... That could be nice~...
Sayo: Yeah... Somewhere quiet, to unwind...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Sayo: So she actually took what we said seriously...
Moca: Even if we were sleepy, maybe saying that in front of Kokoro-chan wasn't the smartest move~.
Kokoro: Ah! You two, look!
Sayo: What is it this time!?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Is that... a cruiser...?
Kokoro: It's coming this way!
Moca: Hm...? Is there someone standing at the bow?
Sayo: Yes, it looks like it... They're shouting something at us...
Toko: Saaaayo-saaaaaan!!
Sayo: K-Kirigaya-san!?
Kokoro: I knew it, it's Toko and the rest!
Toko: Yoo-hooo~!!
Moca: Huh...? The girl behind Toko-chan is...
Mashiro: Uuu, I’m scared...
Moca: That is Shiro-chan...
Sayo: What in the world is going on...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Wow, I never imagined we'd run into you guys on our trip!
Sayo: R-Right...
Toko: So, I was wondering what to do for vacation this year, and I happened to run into Kokoro-san.
Kokoro: And I introduced her to Happy Happy Island!
Toko: The location blew me away! Seriously, what a hidden gem! I should've known Kokoro-san would have the inside scoop!
Kokoro: Fufu, I'm so glad you like it!
Moca: Man, those two move fast too, huh~.
Sayo: I can understand Kirigaya-san, but... Why is Kurata-san here too?
Mashiro: Well... I just happened to be free...
Toko: Playing alone's no fun, you know! I was glad Shiro had time too!
Sayo: ...I see. You're having a tough time too, aren't you, Kurata-san.
Mashiro: N-No, not really...
Kokoro: Since I already knew Toko was here, I messaged her that I was with you two!
Toko: I saw the message and jumped on the cruiser right away! No way I was missing out on the fun!
Kokoro: Exactly! Moca and Sayo, you should come have fun with us too!
Sayo: You want us to join as well...?
Moca: Seems like we don't really get a choice here~...
(Black cut)
Sayo: She even went out of her way to prepare swimsuits for us... That's just like Tsurumaki-san...
Moca: Yeah. Everything just kind of happened all at once.
Sayo: Right. It's hard to believe we were just at a convenience store together early this morning.
Moca: Seriously~.
Toko: Kokoro-san's water gun is huge!
Kokoro: Pick whichever one you like too, Toko and the others!
Toko: Oh! Then I'll go with... this gatling one! Shiro, get ready--!
Mashiro: Ehh!? W-Wait a sec~.
Moca: Toko-chan sure is full of energy~.
Sayo: Yeah. I sometimes join her for practice, and she always ends up dragging me around like that.
Moca: Ah, I know what you mean. When we went out for New Year's, it was pretty lively~.
Sayo: Fufu, I heard a bit about that from Imai-san. She's not the kind of person I usually spend time with.
Moca: Oh, speak of the devil~.
Toko: You two, quit lounging around and come play with us!
Sayo: Um, we just got here, so...
Toko: That’s exactly why! We came all the way to the beach, so it'd be a waste not to enjoy it!
Sayo: That logic makes no sense...
Moca: Toko-chan really sticks to her guns. I guess this is her “have fun when it's time to have fun” thing~?
Toko: Ooh, nice one, Moca-san!
Moca: No no, that was your line originally, Toko-chan~.
Toko: Was it? Anyway, let’s do stuff we can only do here! Come on!
Sayo: W-Wait, Kirigaya-san, don’t pull me like that!
Moca: Ahaha~. Looks like we’ve got no choice but to enjoy this vacation now~.
