event207-07 Ending: The Time We Have Now

Maya and Hina are joined by the rest of the girls. Eve's expression is brighter.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Hina: Maya-chan~, sorry I'm late~!
Maya: It's okay. I wasn't waiting long.
Hina: I had a few things left to do for student council~. I was thinking of doing it later, but then Tsugu-chan was like, "Please finish all of it!"
Maya: That sounds like Hazawa-san, all right.
Hina: Yep, she was in full Tsugurific-mode today. Welp, guess we should get to the agency.
Maya: Yes... Huh? Isn't that Eve-san?
Hina: Ah, it is.
Eve: Hina-san~! Maya-san~!
Maya: Why did you come to Haneoka? Did something happen?
Aya: Huff... Puff... W-we finally caught up~...
Chisato: Huff, puff... You really have quite the stamina...
Hina: Huh~? Why are you all together?
Eve: Let's go to the agency together!
Hina: Huh? Sure, but is that why you're here?
Aya: Eve-chan said we may not have many more chances to go to the agency together after school, so she invited us to come with her.
Chisato: She was waiting for us in front of the school gate.
Maya: And you came to invite us too. Thanks, Eve-san.
Eve: Ehehe... When I thought that this could be a chance for us to go together, I started running here without even thinking!
Hina: Gotcha. You know, you're just not you if you're not being your one hundred percent unapologetic honest self.
Eve: Yes! I decided that I would cherish every part of our remaining high school days together until the very last moment.
Hina: Well then, let's make a little pit stop on the way♪ We can drop by the donut shop in front of the station!
Eve: Oh, that would be great!
Maya: Let's do that. We still have time too.
Aya: Yay~! That donut shop is good. I recommend the chocolate donuts, but the strawberry ones are really yummy too~.
Chisato: You'll need to make sure you don't eat too many. Especially now when it's harder to make time for exercise because you're studying for entrance exams.
Aya: I-I know~. I'm not going to eat that much.
Eve: Chisato-san, I have heard that sweet things are good for a tired mind. So I think Aya-san needs donuts because she is studying really hard!
Aya: E-Eve-chan~, thank you~.
Chisato: Goodness, it's not like I said she couldn't eat any at all. I just want her to be careful not to eat too many.
Eve: Great! Ehehe, I guess I got a little ahead of myself.
Aya: Chisato-chan, I'll have one and no more, so don't worry!
Hina: You know, you're kinda soft on Eve-chan too~.
Chisato: I'm curious about what you mean by "too," but... Fufu, maybe you're right. She's an adorable underclassman.
Eve: Ah, I just remembered! Actually, there is something I would like to give to everyone... I hope you will like it!
Maya: These are good-luck charms to help us pass our exams... Thank you! They have beautiful sakura blossoms stitched into them.
Eve: I bought them when I visited a shrine. All I can do is wish you well... But I hope my prayers will help.
Aya: We can tell just how much you're rooting for us. Thank you!
Maya: Having your support means the world to us.
Hina: It sure does. It feels like these charms are jam-packed with power! With these, we'll be mighty warriors!
Eve: Yes!
Hina: Alright, with the power of these charms, we'll ace our college entrance exams~!
Maya & Aya: Yeah~!
Chisato: ...
Aya: ...? What's wrong. Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I know you went through the trouble of buying us good-luck charms, and now we're all vowing to do our best, but I hope you'll forgive me...
Aya: Huh?
Maya: Wait, have you...?!
Chisato: Yes. I received my notice today... I passed the comprehensive selection admission exam.
Eve, Hina, Aya & Maya: Yay~!!
Eve: You did it! Congratulations!
Chisato: Kya, Eve-chan, please don't surprise me with hugs.
Aya: You have nothing to be sorry about! Congratulations!
Aya: I'm so happy for you... Sob... You worked so hard~.
Chisato: Goodness, why are you crying...?
Maya: I'm glad you passed!
Chisato: Maya-chan... thank you for your advice that one time.
Maya: No, no, I didn't do anything! I couldn't be happier for you.
Hina: You did it. Come next spring, you'll be a college student!
Chisato: Yes, I'd like to thank you all from the bottom of my heart.
Chisato: Eve-chan, I'll take good care of this good-luck charm.
Eve: Okay. Thank you.
Hina: Ah, that reminds me! We can finally put that daruma up!
Eve: Yes, we can! Chisato-san, please put it on the altar!
Chisato: Fufu, okay.
Eve: Oh wow~, this will be so much fun! Come on, everyone, let's go!
Hina: Ah, you're fast! But you're not gonna beat me!
Eve: No, I will not be beaten either!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
