event207-02 Chapter 1: For Our Last Memory Together

While the third years are enjoying Shibuya, Eve seems a little sad...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Shibuya Station]

Eve: Wow, Shibuya is always very lively! Th-there is a line in front of that store! I wonder what kind of store it is. Why don't we go look?!
Hina: Ahaha, you're getting really excited~♪ You know, it's been a while since I've been in Shibuya. Where should we go first?
Aya: I want to look at clothes, and eat sweets, and- Ah, I definitely have to check out that store too! Ohh~, there's so much to do~.
Chisato: Fufu, if that's the case... why don't we do it all?
Aya: Huh?! Do everything?!
Maya: You're getting pretty excited too.
Chisato: I'd also like to relax and enjoy myself as much as possible today.
Hina: I like the sound of that! Today, we're gonna party till we drop~! But first... this is where our fun begins!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shibuya - Fast Food Store]

Hina: Mmm~, fries are always the best~♪
Chisato: I didn't think we would come to a Fast Food store right away.
Hina: We're here 'cause I'm hungry~! I can't go all out when I'm running on empty~.
Eve: It is like the saying "One cannot fight without food in their stomach"!
Hina: Exactly! "One cannot have fun after school without food in their stomach"!
Maya: I had just started feeling hungry, so I'm happy we came. Aya-san, these limited-time-only chicken nuggets you recommended are great.
Aya: Really? I'm glad you like them~. Chicken nuggets covered with lots of cheese are super popular right now.
Chisato: You are always very knowledgeable about these things. It's because you work part-time at one of these stores, isn't it?
Aya: Well, recently I haven't worked much... But I try to remember new and seasonal items.
Hina: Maya-chan, I'm gonna snag one of your nuggets~♪ In exchange, I'll give you some of my fries. Say ahh~.
Maya: Huh?! U-um, thanks, but I can feed myself~!
Hina: I don't mind! Now, open wide~♪
Eve: You can have some of mine too! These are butter and soy sauce-flavored fries! Please say ahh~!
Maya: E-Eve-san, you too~?
Chisato: Fufu, you seem in good spirits, Eve-chan.
Eve: I am! Eating with everyone is always very special.
Maya: You know, we almost never come to Fast Food stores together.
Hina: Just the five of us hanging out somewhere after school is super rare, isn't it?
Chisato: Usually, the only times we're all together is for work.
Aya: Fufu, popping into places in our school uniforms like this feels like such a high school girl thing to do!
Eve: Yes, it really does!
Hina: We won't be able to wear our uniforms anymore once spring rolls around, though~.
Chisato: When I think about our college exams and work, it may become difficult for us to spend time together again in our uniforms after school like this.
Aya: Really~? I guess today might be the last time we can make memories like this... That's so sad~.
Eve: (... Our last memory together...?)
Hina: Eve-chan? Are you already full?
Eve: N-no, I am still hungry!
Eve: Ah! Everyone, look at that screen!
Hina: Screen? Oh~, that's the commercial Aya-chan's in! She plays the main actress's sister.
Hina: I think it's a special commercial that only plays at these stores, isn't it?
Maya: The way you look covered with sweat riding a bike to bring your big sister a drink on the beach as the sun sets... is just amazing.
Chisato: I agree. You only have a small part, but seeing you giving it your all is- Aya-chan? What are you doing with the tray?
Eve: It looks like she is hiding her face with it...
Aya: Guys, hide, hide. We should try not to stand out.
Eve: Huh? Is that the secret ninja art of making yourself invisible with a tray?!
Maya: Ahaha... Is there really a ninja move like that?
Aya: Guys... people will notice we're famous, right? I thought it'd be bad if we were spotted. Ehehe...
Hina: Ahaha! But aren't you kinda happy about that~?
Aya: Huh? N-not at all!
Hina: Really~? I'm not so sure about that~.
Maya: Ahaha... Well, I don't think you need to worry that much.
Chisato: Neither do I. It's true some fans noticed us at the summer festival... but we're still not that well-known.
Chisato: It might be a different story if we were as famous as the actress in the commercial with you, though.
Maya: Besides, everyone here is busy eating and talking. I don't think anyone has noticed us.
Aya: I-I guess you're right! I might've just let things go to my head... Ahahaha...
Chisato: Fufu, but I think that's a good thing to keep in mind. We must aim to become just as famous.
Aya: Yeah...! You're right about that.
Hina: Welp, I'm full now... So, where to next?
Eve: Let's go where Aya-san wants to go!
Aya: Huh? Me?
Maya: Right. Today, we're celebrating you too.
Chisato: Yes, don't hesitate to say where you'd like to go.
Aya: Aww~, guys! Thank you! Let's see, I want to go to...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
