event207-03 Chapter 2: Like This Forever

The girls are at a shop. A glass dome with sakura catches Eve's eye.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Import Knick-knack Shop]

Aya: Okay, this is it~! I've been wanting to come here for sooo long!
Maya: This import knick-knack shop is all the buzz right now. I even read about it in a magazine.
Chisato: It has interior and kitchen items, and stationery items too... This is an impressive collection of goods.
Aya: Isn't it~?! This store is new to Japan. Everyone on social media is talking about how cute and stylish all the items are♪
Hina: Whoa, is this a coelacanth fish? Its mouth opens to become a garbage can. That's so cool~.
Aya: Right, right? Ah, this pencil case with the flowers on it looks nice~♪
Eve: Ah, it really does. There are some in different colors over here.
Aya: Those are cute too~! Hey, Eve-chan, want to get a matching pair together? I think that would make us want to study harder.
Eve: Oh, I would like that!
Chisato: Aya-chan, I feel like you said something like that not too long ago and bought a new pencil case.
Aya: Ugh... I did~, but this is cute~.
Hina: It's not like you've gotta use it right away, right? What if you save it for when you go to college?
Aya: Hina-chan, that's a nice idea!
Eve: Y-yes...! I think it would be good to use it in college!
Eve: Since we are here, it may be nice to find other things that you will need in college!
Hina: Oooh~, now you're talking~!
Eve: Ah, Maya-san, how about this leather planner? It is mature-looking. It seems exactly like something students would have on campus!
Maya: Y-you're right, it is mature-looking. But it might be a little too cool for me. Ahaha...
Aya: Really~? We're going to be college students, so I think it's okay for us to step a tad out of our comfort zones and choose something cool.
Aya: When I think about it, everything I have might be a little childish...
Hina: Really? I feel like your stuff is very you.
Eve: Let's see, what else is there... Ah, this is...
Hina: What is it~? What did you find?
Chisato: Oh, it's preserved sakura blossoms.
Aya: Wow, they're so beautiful~! I think this is called a glass dome, right? It might be nice to have something wonderful like this in your home!
Maya: Yeah, having this in your room could give it a more grown-up feel.
Aya: Maybe it would~. Ohh~, I want to get it now that you've said that~...!
Eve: I recommend it. You would not need to water or care for it. And since a special treatment has been used on it, you can enjoy it at its most beautiful for a long time.
Maya: I should have known you would know about this.
Eve: Yes, I know about it because I am in the flower arrangement club.
Chisato: ... "Stop, moment! Thou art so beautiful!"
Eve: Huh...? Chisato-san, what did you just say?
Maya: It's a line from Goethe's play "Faust." The main character famously yells it at the end of the play when they experience the greatest moment of their life.
Chisato: Fufu, I'm sorry. Looking at these sakura blossoms reminded me of seeing "Faust" a long time ago.
Aya: Oh~. So I guess time has stopped for these sakura blossoms when they were most beautiful. That might be a little romantic!
Eve: (Time stops...)
Eve: (If time stopped... then we could be together like this forever...)
Hina: Huh~? But the sakura blossoms want to bloom and fall, don't they?
Hina: They bloom with all their hearts and then gracefully fade away! That's how I'd wanna be if I were a sakura blossom~.
Eve: ...!
Chisato: There is also the saying "As the cherry blossom is first among flowers, so is the warrior first among men."
Eve: Y-Yes! It is amazing that you think of how the flowers feel, Hina-san!
Hina: Well, if you're going to use them for decoration, then I guess the prettier they are, the better~.
Aya: That's right~. These are really pretty! I want them to last for a long time!
Maya: Aya-san, if you like them that much, why don't you get them since we're here?
Aya: Maybe I will! Let's see, this costs... Huh~?! I-it's this much? Even with my allowance and the money from my job, I still don't have enough~.
Maya: It figures it would be expensive...
Eve: Ah, Aya-san, how about this one? It is very small, but it is just as lovely.
Aya: Ohh, this one is pricey too... I'll have to think about it~.
Eve: O-okay...!
Hina: ...
Chisato: Hina-chan?
Hina: Huh~? It's nothing.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
