event207-01 Opening: Spring. Anticipation and...

The girls meet at the agency for a photo shoot, but it gets rescheduled...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Radio Booth]

Eve: ... And so the recording of All Fun and Games was very exciting. Please watch for the release of the next episode.
Eve: Now it is time for our next corner, Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang!
Eve: In this corner, I lift the spirits of Bushi-stars who are dealing with difficult times. Here is a letter from Bushi-star "Pon-chan-san."
Eve: "Eve-chan, good evening. I always enjoy listening to your show. I'm a senior in high school preparing for college entrance exams."
Eve: "I study every day. Listening to your show is the only time I can relax. I'm trying to do my best, but sometimes I get scared and start to worry."
Eve: "I wonder if I'll make it into college next spring. Eve-chan, please give me courage!"
Eve: I see... Pon-chan-san is worried.
Eve: I will send away those fears and fill you with confidence! Are you ready~?!
Eve: You said you are working very hard, so please believe in yourself and continue to push forward! Your efforts will surely guide you in the right direction!
Eve: Even though it is the cold and bitter winter season now... when next spring... when next spring arrives, I believe beautiful flowers will bloom!
Eve: Please stay well and study hard! I, too, will do my very best to support you with all my heart and spirit!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Yesterday's All Day＊Bushido was sooo good! That was classic Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you!
Maya: I feel like what you said to that student gave me hope!
Chisato: Yes, I'm sure it lifted the spirits of others preparing for their college exams.
Maya: Your words really do have power.
Eve: No, I only-
Aya: Hi, guys~! Thank goodness~, I just barely made it on time~...!
Eve: Aya-san, hello! There are still five minutes before we start.
Maya: Were you busy with something?
Aya: I was late leaving school because I was talking with my homeroom teacher. Actually... I finally got an A on a practice exam~!
Eve: ... C-congratulations!
Hina: Wow~, you got an A at long last! That's great! Way to go~!
Chisato: Congratulations, Aya-chan. All of your hard work has paid off.
Maya: You would check your flashcards even on breaks between photo shoots and filming... You've really been pushing yourself. I better do the same!
Aya: Thanks, guys~. But it was only a practice exam. I'm not going to relax until after I've taken the real thing!
Hina: Good point. I often hear about people catching a cold on the day of the exam, and then their brains turn to mush~.
Aya: Ohh, don't scare me like that. I'm going to have to work extra hard to make sure I stay in tip-top condition.
Maya: You, Hina-san, and I will need to be at our best for the general selection admission exam. When I study at night, I put a blanket over my lap and drink something warm.
Chisato: I set a timer when I study. That way, I won't stay up too late and exhaust myself.
Eve: I-I see~! I will try these methods in the future!
Maya: By the way, Chisato-san, the results of your comprehensive selection admission exam will be announced soon, right?
Chisato: Yes, they will. I'll let everyone know as soon as I receive the results.
Hina: Welp~, if you pass, you'll be a college student already.
Chisato: You're thinking a little too far ahead.
Chisato: But... I did the best I could. I'm praying for a good result.
Maya: It would be nice to pass the admission exams early. All this studying really wears you down...
Aya: I know what you mean~. Sigh~, spring can't come soon enough~.
Eve: ... Spring...
Eve: That means the day to place this daruma on an altar is almost here!
Aya: Fufu, I guess it is. I was so surprised when you showed up at the agency with a daruma doll and said we should ask it to help us pass our exams~.
Maya: But I saw the size of the daruma as a reflection of how much you cared about us. I was so touched!
Hina: Right~? It's like a big ball of your cheer power!
Eve: Yes! When we are finished taking our examinations, let's place it on an altar together!
Staff: Good morning. I apologize for keeping you all waiting.
All: Good morning!
Staff: I'm sorry to have to say this after you've come all this way... but the people you were meeting today needed to reschedule.
All: Huh?
Chisato: I think we were supposed to have a photo shoot and an interview today...
Staff: It seems there was some trouble at the photo studio. I'm sorry about the last-minute change, but today's schedule has been canceled.
Staff: We'll try to reschedule for a time that doesn't interfere with your studies for your college entrance exams and contact you once it's been decided...
Maya: Okay. Well, these things happen sometimes.
Aya: Yeah. I was a little surprised, though. Now we all suddenly have time on our hands.
Hina: Since we're all together and free, let's hang out somewhere! And we can celebrate you getting an A too, Aya-chan!
Eve: Huh?! But... what about studying?
Hina: You need to take breaks sometimes! Nothing good will come from studying too hard anyway.
Aya: Yay! I want to go somewhere, anywhere~! I've been dying to go have some fun~.
Maya: I'd like to go too! Now and then, you just need to do something relaxing.
Chisato: Aya-chan, I'm sure you understand, but don't let your guard down because you got an A.
Aya: I know. But I'll be fine! Starting tomorrow, I plan to pour all my energy into studying again!
Chisato: Oh? Good, then. Everyone's been working hard for a long time, so let's enjoy a break today.
Eve: Wow! This is wonderful~!
Maya: It kind of feels like it's been ages since we've hung out together outside of work.
Chisato: That it does. And it's very rare for us to do so after school in our school uniforms.
Aya: You might be right about that! When you think about it that way, this time together feels really special!
Hina: Alrighty! Today we're gonna cut loose and have a good time~!
Eve, Aya, Maya & Chisato: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
