event207-06 Chapter 5: Extension’s End

While everyone is asleep, Eve gazes at the stars alone. Hina joins her...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: ...
Hina: ... Eve-chan?
Eve: Hina-san, did I wake you?
Hina: No. I just kinda woke up on my own. What are you doing?
Eve: ... I cannot sleep, so I was looking at the sky.
Hina: Oh. Mind if I join you?
Eve: Not at all.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: ... You can see the stars really well tonight.
Hina: It's easy to see them on nights like this when the air is dry. Those three stars make up Orion's Belt. Can you see them?
Eve: ... Ah, those stars, right? They are twinkling so beautifully.
Eve: ... I am very sorry about today.
Hina: No biggie. It was fun,
Eve: But even though everyone is busy preparing for their exams, I selfishly made you spend more time with me...
Hina: Like I said, it's no big deal.
Hina: Lisa-chi is feeling the same way you are. She said she was sad about everyone graduating.
Hina: I'm super excited to go to college, so I guess I don't really understand how you both feel.
Hina: I've never thought about wanting time to stand still...
Eve: ...
Hina: But I could tell something was getting you down. I could see it on your face clear as day.
Hina: And for you not wanting us to go that badly means you must love us a ton~!
Hina: I could feel that pure, honest love you have for us so strongly♪
Eve: Wh-why couldn't you have been one year later...?
Eve: Sob... Sob... I-I am sorry. I am doing it again...
Hina: ...
Hina: ... Okay. I'm not gonna graduate!
Eve: ... Huh?
Hina: I'll spend one more year in high school with you, and then we can graduate together!
Eve: Wh-what? Hina-san?
Hina: I hate seeing you look that way. So I'm not gonna graduate.
Eve: ...
Hina: Doing student council another year could be fun♪ It'd be cool if I had class with Tsugu-chan and such! Ah, I could do the class trip again too! That'd be sweet~!
Eve: Y-you must not do that!
Hina: ...? Why not?
Eve: ... It would be wrong. You said that you are excited to go to college.
Hina: Yeah~, but I'm still gonna go to college eventually.
Eve: ... Thank you. I was very happy to have even more time with everyone today.
Eve: But... it would not be right for you to prolong things for that long only for me. So the extension will end now.
Eve: Please graduate on time... and go to college.
Hina: Okay, then. I'll graduate properly.
Eve: I will... see you off. Please let me do that.
Hina: ... Thanks for feeling so sad about everything.
Aya: Sob~... E-Eve-chan~.
Hina: Ah, so you were awake~.
Maya: Sorry. We weren't meaning to eavesdrop...
Hina: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Chisato: Eve-chan, I understand how you feel very well.
Aya: Yeah, me too! Even if we graduate, we'll always be together.
Maya: Knowing that you care so much for us makes me happy.
Eve: Everyone... Sob~, thank you...!
Chisato: Oh my, you and Aya-chan's faces are all wet. Here are some tissues to wipe your tears.
Hina: You both really do cry way too much.
Hina: If you cry this much tonight, you won't have any tears left for the graduation, will you?
Eve: No, that is not true. I will definitely cry at the graduation!
Hina: Ahaha, is that some kinda promise? Now that you've said it, though, I'm looking forward to it~.
Aya: You say that, but even you might cry at the graduation.
Hina: Me...? Hmm~, I don't think so~. I don't feel like that's going to happen at all.
Maya: Ahaha... That sounds like you alright.
Eve: I have made a decision!
Eve: Until now, I have been ignoring things because I have been sad, but I do not want to lie to myself any longer.
Eve: Today, Hina-san said that if she were a sakura flower, she would want to bloom with all her heart and then gracefully fade away!
Eve: So what I mean is, no matter what happens, I will not shy away from it. I will live in the moment as best I can.
Eve: Even if we share moments that are sad... or heartbreaking, I want to experience them because all my memories with you are dear to me.
Eve: So I have made my decision. I am going to do... everything I can! From now on... I will support you even more than before as you prepare for your exams!
Eve: I will accept the present with all my heart and try to live without regrets. That is my bushido!
Hina: Now that's the Eve-chan I know and love!
Aya: I'm also going to do my best to study hard so I don't have any regrets!
Hina: Oh boy~! I think something boppin' just tugged at my heart♪ Eve-chan, gimme a hug!
Eve: Huh? Hina-san?
Hina: Here I come~! Squeeze~!
Eve: Th-that hurts. Ahaha.
Hina: Hey, everybody get in here! C'mon, c'mon.
Aya: Alright! Eve-chan... I love you sooo much!
Maya: Huhehe... I'm feeling a little shy since you're always the one giving the hugs. But here I go, squeeze~!
Chisato: Fufu, are you ready, Eve-chan?
Eve: Wow! E-everyone is so strong!
Chisato: Hrm? Your hugs are always much stronger.
Aya: That's right! This is nothing compared to your hugs! So I'm going to hug tighter~!
Eve: Everyone! You are making me very hot! I can hardly breathe~!
Hina: Ahaha, our hug is far from over~♪
(White cut)
Eve: ... I love you all... so much...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
