event207-05 Chapter 4: Behind the Smile

Eve smiles again thanks to the sleepover and encouragement, however...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: Mmm~, the okonomiyaki was great♪ I'm stuffed!
Eve: Ugh... M-my stomach hurts~. I overate...
Chisato: Are you okay? This is why I suggested you shouldn't eat anymore.
Aya: I know how you feel, though~. It's like you feel a need to recharge yourself after crying.
Eve: Eating a lot of food helped me calm down! I am really embarrassed for crying like that.
Maya: You have nothing to be embarrassed about. I'm glad you told us how you're feeling.
Chisato: Me too. And now, I can't believe we're having a sleepover together. This is wonderful.
Aya: We've done sleepovers for work, but it's been a while since we had one just for fun like this.
Hina: So true. Tonight, let's talk until the sun comes up! Ah, but watching some movies would be fun too~.
Chisato: Well, are you sure it wasn't any trouble for us to suddenly impose on you like this?
Hina: It's fine~, it's fine~. Don't worry.
Hina: Since Sis isn't here, my mom said she was happy we came to liven up the place.
Aya: Ah, that's right. Roselia is doing a nationwide tour now. Sayo-chan must've left so she could arrive early.
Maya: They really are amazing. A nationwide tour...! I get excited just thinking about it!
Aya: ... One day, I want us to do a nationwide tour too!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Aya: Right now, we're the kind of idols that can be in a Fast Food store and go unnoticed, but I think we can sparkle a whole lot more.
Chisato: I think so too. That's why we have to grow even more.
Eve: Yes, grow with daily diligence!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Hina's Room]

Maya: Oh wow, there are even more pictures of Sayo-san now. This bamboo grove... Is this Kyoto?
Hina: Bingo! Ehehe~, this is a picture of Sis during her school trip♪
Aya: The school trip. It feels like it was ages ago~.
Chisato: We did go in the spring.
Eve: Thank you again for the souvenirs you gave me!
Aya: You're welcome. It was so much fun, though~. The Japanese garden was lovely, and I liked doing the tea ceremony too.
Chisato: You could feel the history not only from the shrines and temples but from the streets as well.
Eve: The ancient capital sounds wonderful...! I wish I could have gone too!
Aya: You can go next year! You must be excited for it.
Eve: Although I could not join you all, your fun stories have me very excited to go!
Hina: You think Hanasakigawa will go to Kyoto again next year?
Chisato: I'm not sure. I've heard sometimes it changes depending on the year.
Aya: Really~? Kyoto was nice, but going to Okinawa sounds fun too!
Eve: Oh, that does sound fun! I would like to enjoy the sea.
Maya: There are historical buildings too, so I think you would have a lot to see.
Aya: Yep! But wherever you go, at night you can have fun talking! It's an absolute must.
Hina: And you can play cards! Playing card games with everyone was the best~! Right, Maya-chan?
Maya: Yes. I had never played cards with light penalties before. It was nice.
Hina: Eve-chan, make sure you definitely take a pack of cards with you.
Eve: Okay, I promise I will!
Chisato: Fufu, please tell us about your trip when you go. I'm looking forward to hearing about it.
Eve: Yes, of course!
Eve: I am feeling a little excited to become a senior.
Aya: You should be! Poppin'Party will be there, and so will Kokoro-chan, Hagumi-chan, and Misaki-chan. Your senior year is going to be a blast.
Aya: And it's not just the class trip. You have tons of other things to look forward to, like the sports day and the school festival.
Hina: There will be new first-year students too~. So lots of new people will be joining the flower arrangement, tea ceremony, and kendo clubs, right?
Eve: Oh wow... That will be really wonderful! As a senior, I will have to be at my best!
Aya: I just know there will be plenty of fun things for you to enjoy next spring too.
Eve: Yes... I think so!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
