band3-037 Chapter 2: Not What I Was Expecting!

An unfamiliar townscape and sky lie before the girls' eyes. Where on earth are they...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[2 Weeks Later]

Kanon & Misaki: ...
Kanon: I know this is where the festival is meant to be, but where are we exactly...? I thought it would just be a local festival...
Misaki: Yes, I thought so too until she mentioned getting here by private jet...
Kokoro: What's wrong, you two? Why are you both pulling faces like you mixed up the sugar and the salt?
Misaki: Why do you think...? More importantly, where are we?
Misaki: This is definitely not Japan, and I can definitely hear some strange language flying around...!
Kokoro: Of course! This is the Kingdom of Happinelle!
Kanon: H-Happinelle...?
Hagumi: It's not a very well-known country, right? I don't think I've ever heard of it before!
Kaoru: The Kingdom of Happinelle... Coincidentally, I have seen a play that was set in Happinelle. I believe it is a small country in Europe.
Kanon: Um, Kokoro-chan? Is the festival we're performing at a Happinellian festival...?
Kokoro: Yeah, apparently it's been almost 1,000 years since the founding of Happinelle!
Kokoro: It's gonna be super-duper festive, so they asked us to make our performance really fun too!
Misaki: Wait, so you mean it's a national festival?!
Kanon: Doesn't that mean it's quite an important one...?
Kokoro: Anyway, let's go greet them!
Hagumi: Greet who? And where are we going?
Kokoro: To Smiley Nick's house! He's the one who invited us.
Misaki: Ahh, the man I thought was from the neighborhood association...
Kanon: B-by the looks of things, he's most likely not from the neighborhood association...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Kokoro: Guys, this is Smiley Nick's house!
Hagumi: Whoa, It's so huge! It's even bigger than your house, Kokoron!
Kaoru: This Smiley Nick appears to have an awfully large family. There are innumerable people here to greet us.
Kanon & Misaki: ...
Kanon: Misaki-chan, do you think these people are all Smiley Nick's family members...?
Misaki: They look more like guards to me... And this whole place seems like a castle, no matter how you look at it...
Misaki: Wh-what?! What's going on?!
Kanon: Fue, the people who look like guards are playing their trumpets...!
Kokoro: Ah! Smiley Nick! We've arrived in Happinelle!
???: Welcome to my humble abode, Kokoro-chan and friends. I have been waiting patiently for your arrival.
Kanon: L-look... on top of Smiley Nick's head...
Misaki: I-is that a...?
Kaoru: Crown...?
Hagumi: What?! Is Smiley Nick a king or something?!
Nicholas: At your service. I am King Nicholas the fourteenth, ruler of this fair kingdom. Pleased to make your acquaintance, friends of Kokoro-chan.
Kanon & Misaki: ...
Misaki: A lot of things have shocked me since I met Kokoro, and now there's finally a royal in the mix...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan, you're friends with a king...?
Kokoro: Yeah, he's a family friend that's been coming to my birthday parties since I was little!
Nicholas: As a country, we owe a great deal to Kokoro-chan's father.
Misaki: How on earth does the Tsurumaki family have influence over a whole countr- Wait...
Misaki: Huh? Was the king just speaking Japanese...?
Nicholas: Yes, my mother was born in Japan. The Kingdom of Happinelle has deep ties with Japan.
Nicholas: I am grateful for your cooperation with the Happinelle Millenary Festival. I am looking forward to hearing your wonderful music.
Kanon: W-we'll do our best...
Nicholas: Ahaha, no need to be so nervous... H-hm?!
Kanon: Wh-what's wrong?
Nicholas: Y-you...
Kanon: M-me...?
Minister: Your Majesty, I apologize for the interruption, but it is about time-
Nicholas: Yes, I know. I'm afraid I have to leave you here. There is one week until the Millenary Festival. Until then, please think of this castle as your home.
Nicholas: If you have any problems, feel free to consult any of the castle's attendants. And do not fret, most of them are familiar with the Japanese language.
Kokoro: Okay, thank you, Smiley Nick!
Hagumi: I've never stayed in a castle before! We're gonna have so much fun. Right, Kaoru-kun?!
Kaoru: Yes. Truth be told, this is also my first time sojourning in a castle. I feel like we will have a fleeting time here.
Kanon: ...
Misaki: ...? Kanon-san? What's wrong?
Kanon: Ah, well, I thought the king was about to say something back there...
Misaki: Yeah, he did look a little startled when he saw you. If it's bothering you, why don't you ask him about it later?
Kanon: Yes, I suppose I could. Still, I wonder why he did that...
