band3-045 Chapter 10: Something to Make You Smile

Misaki and the others head to Nicolina's room to tell Kokoro how they feel. However...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Nicolina's Room]

Kokoro: Hmmm...
Kokoro: Ah! How about this?! We could do a musical with everyone in the castle!
Nicolina: A m-musical? And by everyone, do you mean my father, the guards, and the maids too?
Kokoro: Of course! We can make a fun musical together to show all the citizens!
Kokoro: I'm sure it would make everyone in the castle, and even the whole country, smile!
Nicolina: But, um, no one in the castle has that kind of experience...
Kokoro: No worries! We'll do it with them!
Kokoro: We'll have Kaoru, so I'm sure it will be- Oh, Kaoru.
Kokoro: Hm~... If we're gonna do fun stuff here in Happinelle, I have to count her out...
Nicolina: Y-yes. I assume they will all be back in Japan...
Kokoro: In that case~... I've got it! How about having a softball tournament in Happinelle?
Kokoro: All of Hello, Happy World! played a game this one time, and it was so much fun!
Nicolina: I-I haven't tried softball before either...
Kokoro: That's fine! Hagumi will show you just how much fun softball can-
Kokoro: Be... But... Hagumi won't be here either.
Kokoro: Hmm, this is a problem...
Nicolina: Kokoro-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Hagumi: I wonder if Kokoron is still with Nico-rin.
Kanon: She hasn't come back here, so I think she's probably in Nicolina-san's room.
Kaoru: ...? My, there appears to be a crowd at the end of this hallway...
Hagumi: Ah, there is. Are those the castle guards?
Kanon: They seem kind of tense... I wonder what's going on.
Guard: Greetings, Hello, Happy World! My deepest apologies, but you may not proceed past this point.
Misaki: Huh? Did something happen?
Guard: Well, erm, it is quite embarrassing to admit this, but the guards are quarreling...
Guard: There has been much fuss over who will escort Princess Nicolina to the Millenary Festival.
Misaki: I-is that what all this is about?
Kaoru: It appears that Nicolina is popular among the castle folk.
Guard: Of course she is. Escorting Princess Nicolina is a guard's greatest honor.
Misaki: I think she'd be upset if she knew you were fighting over it though...
Kanon: Let's take another route. There was another hallway that led to Nicolina's room, wasn't there?
Hagumi: Yeah! I think we can go that way!
Guard: Erm, that corridor is currently cordoned off for remodeling...
Hagumi: Huh? It is?
Kaoru: In that case, let us go this way. It is a slight detour, but-
Guard: It is difficult for me to say this, but I received reports about thirty minutes ago that the bathroom down that hall has flooded...
Misaki: So you mean, we can't go that way either?
Guard: Deepest apologies for the inconvenience...
Misaki: Wait a minute, so you're telling us we can't go down any of the hallways that lead to Nicolina-san's room?
Kaoru: It is almost as if fate is interfering with our grand plan...
Kanon: What should we do? Should we wait in our room until Kokoro-chan comes back?
Misaki: No, we need to talk to her as soon as possible.
Misaki: I think you all know this well, but Kokoro doesn't act in a normal way...
Misaki: And if she acts on her plan to move here at her usual speed, I don't think we'd be able to undo it...
Hagumi: What do you mean by that?
Misaki: For example... she might already be filling out her school transfer forms or something.
Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: ...
Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: No! Oh no!
Misaki: That's why we have to hurry...!
Hagumi: Ugh! Why are all the hallways blocked at a time like this?!
Kanon: Hmm... If only there was a way for us to pass through...
Kaoru: ... Of the three routes, I believe the passage we are in now is our most viable option.
Misaki: Do you... have some sort of idea, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: No, but I have a sneaking suspicion that they would be infuriated if we were to go down another corridor without permission.
Hagumi: True...!
Misaki: Is now really the time to worry about something like that?!
Kanon: A-ahaha... But there must be a way, right...?
Kaoru: The only weapons we have on hand are... my beauty, Hagumi's cheerfulness, Misaki's charm, and Kanon's sweetness...
Misaki: Surely we have more useful weapons than those...
Misaki: But, still... Weapons that we have... Yeah, we might be able to use them...
Hagumi: Did you think of something, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Hmm... I'm not sure how I feel about it, but...
Misaki: It just might work on guards who get so worked up over their princess...!
