band3-044 Chapter 9: The Same Thought

The girls think back on the memories they made with Kokoro and come to the same conclusion.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Misaki: ...
Hagumi: There you are, Mii-kun.
Misaki: Hagumi... What is it?
Hagumi: You seemed really annoyed before, so I thought I'd see if you were okay...
Misaki: What're you talking about? You know that Kokoro's ideas always make me frown.
Hagumi: I know, but... this time feels different. You always frown, but you don't really mean it.
Hagumi: Right now, you seem really angry...!
Misaki: Well, I just don't get her...! She always says the weirdest things without a thought for other people's feelings...!
Hagumi: Has she really said that many strange things?
Misaki: Of course she has. Or rather, she only says that kind of stuff.
Misaki: Like, remember when we went to that island in the south to look for treasure? And then we got ourselves into danger exploring that cave...
Hagumi: Was it really that dangerous?
Misaki: We were attacked by bats! And you head-butted me! We were in serious trouble!
Hagumi: Ah! That's right! Sorry about that, Mii-kun.
Misaki: It's no big deal... And remember when we rebuilt Smile Land?
Misaki: That was really stressful. Fixing damaged facilities and asking all sorts of people to cooperate was way beyond the duties of a high schooler.
Hagumi: It was stressful, but... I had fun! It was a great success, and everyone who visited the park was full of smiles!
Hagumi: Was it only stressful for you? Did you not enjoy it?
Misaki: Well, I-
Hagumi: Mii-kun!
Misaki: O-okay! It was fun! I had fun, okay?!
Misaki: I was worried about how it'd turn out, but... I guess it was more or less fun doing something all together...
Hagumi: That's right! We've had so much fun becoming friends with Kokoron and forming Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: But if Kokoron moves here, our fun days will be over!
Misaki: I-I know that...
Hagumi: Then we have to stop Kokoron!
Misaki: But Kokoro said she was fine with leaving us...
Hagumi: ...! Mii-kun...! So that's why you're so mad...
Hagumi: You know, I actually wanted to try harder to stop Kokoron...
Hagumi: But Kokoron is always right, so I thought that maybe I was in the wrong...
Misaki: Hagumi...
Hagumi: I couldn't say it then, but it's not too late yet...! Even in softball, there's always a chance to turn the game around, right up until the end!
Misaki: Kokoro... Would she really not be lonely...?
Hagumi: I dunno how she feels, but you know how you feel, right?
Hagumi: Are you okay just splitting up with Kokoron like this, Mii-kun?!
Misaki: Of course I'm not...!
Misaki: Ever since I met Kokoro, every day has been absurd, and she's always getting us into nonsensical antics...
Misaki: But I guess it would feel weird if this changed so suddenly... I don't want to admit it, but this crazy lifestyle hasn't been all that bad...
Hagumi: Then we have to get Kokoron to stay with us!
Hagumi: It might be selfish of us, but I can't just send her off with a smile!
Misaki: ... Yes, you're right. I can't accept this either.
Misaki: Let's go and find Kokoro. It's about time she went along with our selfish plans for once.
Hagumi: Mii-kun...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Kanon: Misaki-chan still hasn't come back...
Kaoru: Do not fret. Hagumi has gone to ensure her wellbeing.
Kanon: Sigh. I feel kind of miserable...
Kaoru: What has possessed you? Don't say such sorrowful things.
Kanon: Well, I couldn't do anything about our situation...
Kanon: I never thought Kokoro-chan would say something like that... I didn't know what to say...
Kaoru: Kanon...
Kanon: If that's how I react in the most crucial of moments, I can't really say I've changed since joining Hello, Happy World!, can I...?
Kaoru: It's understandable. Even I was at a loss for words.
Kaoru: No, perhaps that is not entirely accurate. I pondered whether or not I should support Kokoro.
Kanon: Support Kokoro-chan...? You mean, in her decision to stay here?
Kaoru: If that is what she so desires, is it not our responsibility as her friends to support her?
Kanon: M-maybe, but... I don't think staying here would be the right decision.
Kanon: Kokoro-chan is a very straightforward person. She would go anywhere in the world just to make someone smile...
Kanon: But I don't think she should have to give up something of her own in order to do that.
Kanon: Our day-to-day lives may seem ordinary to us, but I'm sure that they are actually quite precious, and we should not let go of them so easily.
(White cut)
Kaoru: ... Intriguing. The most important things are those one takes for granted... I agree with this sentiment.
Kaoru: Therefore, this time, I'm afraid I cannot support Kokoro's wishes. Kokoro must be with us, and we must be with Kokoro... It is written in the stars!
Kaoru: After all, these ordinary days that Kokoro is trying to let go of are irreplaceable to us.
Kanon: Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Fufu, you said before that you have not changed, but I believe you are mistaken.
Kaoru: I do not think the you from when we first met would have been able to put your emotions into words so eloquently.
Kanon: Y-you think so...? I'm glad I'm making some progress then, even if it's only a little...
Kaoru: You are indeed. And you will continue to do so alongside all of Hello, Happy World!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Yeah...! Yeah, I will...!
Misaki: Kanon-san, Kaoru-san, can I talk to you both for a second...?
Kanon: Ah, we also have something to discuss with you...
Kanon & Misaki: Let's talk to Kokoro- Let's go and find Kokoro-chan-
Kanon & Misaki: ...!
Hagumi: Ahaha, looks like we're all thinking the same thing!
Kaoru: We are all members of the same band, brought together by fate. There is only one path to walk, and it is the same for all of us.
Kanon: Yeah, we'll all go together...!
Misaki: And find Kokoro...!
