band3-038 Chapter 3: A Night in Happinelle

Beneath the myriad of twinkling stars in the night sky of the foreign land, the discussion turns to the Happinelle Millenary Festival.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Hagumi: Whoa! This is amazing!
Hagumi: This is our room?! It's so big and shiny~!
Kaoru: It appears they have prepared a room for us with adequate space for rehearsals. It is also large enough for us all to comfortably stay in.
Kanon: We're all staying in one room and practicing together... It's kind of like the training camp we did last summer.
Misaki: It really is. Although I think it's unheard of to have training camp at a castle.
Hagumi: It would been nice if Michelle could stay with us too~.
Misaki: Ahh, Michelle said she was busy as usual, but she might come later.
Kaoru: I suppose the hero does always show up late. How genuinely Michelle that is.
Kokoro: Guys, over here! You can see the stars from the balcony!
Hagumi: Wow! The stars look so pretty here!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Yes, I can even see the Hello, Happy World! constellation!
Kanon: The Hello, Happy World! constellation?
Kokoro: Look, over there! That round cluster is Hagumi, and the one twinkling to the rhythm is Kanon!
Kokoro: All those small sparkling stars are Kaoru! And the really big shiny one is Michelle!
Misaki: That one watching over all the stars from a distance is me, right?
Kaoru: Essentially, we are the guardians of smiles in the night sky... What a remarkably endearing constellation.
Kanon: Oh? There aren't enough stars, though. Which one are you, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I'm a shooting star! Misaki told me I'm like a shooting star racing around the night sky!
Hagumi: A shooting star~! Ahaha, that's just like you, Kokoron!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Well, it's because you can't sit still.
Misaki: Anyhow, we'd better do some research now... Umm, where's my phone...?
Kaoru: Research? Of what kind?
Misaki: About the Millenary Festival. None of you know what kind of festival it is, right?
Misaki: I hope they have an article on it in Japanese... Ah, there's something about it on this news site.
Kanon: I-I wonder what kind of atmosphere the festival will have...
Misaki: Umm, according to this...
Misaki: "Prime ministers and royalty from all around the world have been invited to the Happinelle Millenary Festival. It is expected that the festival will attract around 100,000 visitors."
Misaki: "Out of the many events going to be held at the festival, one stands out among the crowd. A performance by a Japanese band, invited by the King of Happinelle himself..."
Misaki: Hm? A Japanese band...?
Kanon: D-do they mean- Ah, there's a comment from the king. Umm...
Kanon: "I shall be keeping their name a secret, but I have no doubts that this band will liven up the festival!"
Kanon: "Their performance will bring happiness and smiles to the people... Please pay close attention to them!"
Misaki: Th-that darn king, what does he think he's doing...?!
Kanon: Fue, he set the hurdle so high...!
Kaoru: Fufu, this is turning out to be a thrilling, grand stage for Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Sounds like it's gonna be so much fun!
Kokoro: Of course it will be! It's going to be our first festival show, after all!
Misaki: Why aren't you all more nervous?
Kanon: They don't look any different from how they usually do before a show...
Hagumi: What? Well, a show is a show, right?
Kaoru: Regardless of how big or small a concert may be, our goal remains the same.
Kokoro: Yeah, we're going to put on a show that brings out everybody's wonderful smiles!
Misaki: I'm not sure if I should be amazed or worried...
Kanon: ... Oh? There's more written here.
Kanon: "A great meteor shower is predicted to pass through the skies of Happinelle on the day of the festival. Be sure to keep an eye out for it."
Kokoro: A meteor shower! That sounds exciting!
Kaoru: According to this article, it will be the first meteor shower in 1,000 years.
Hagumi: Wow! There's so much going on!
Kokoro: We'll be able to perform at the festival and see a meteor shower. Seems like we're going to have a really fun day!
Misaki: All I'll have is anxiety...
Kanon: A-ahaha...
