band3-042 Chapter 7: I Won't Be Lonely

Nicolina is delighted to have met Hello, Happy World! However, the day the group must return home is soon approaching...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Kokoro: That was awesome! Everyone is in great form!
Misaki: Phew, we are finally practicing...
Nicolina: Great work, everybody. That was an excellent performance.
Nicolina: That was my first time seeing a band... It was very lively with all of that jumping, leaping, and somersaulting.
Misaki: Yeah, please don't think of that as normal. We're a pretty peculiar band.
Nicolina: Is that so?
Misaki: Our performances are quite unique, but even our band activities are not exactly what they were originally supposed to be.
Misaki: You see, we even count our non-musical activities as band activities if they make people smile.
Nicolina: I feel like that is admirable in its own right, though... And it seems somewhat enjoyable.
Kokoro: It's super fun! Everyone around us is always smiling!
Kaoru: "Make the world smile." That is our mission as Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Just wait until our festival show! We'll make it so good that even you'll think it's exciting!
Nicolina: Yes, I am looking forward to it. I truly am, but...
Kanon: What's the matter, Nicolina-san?
Nicolina: Ah, well, I am looking forward to seeing your performance, but... you will all leave after the festival, won't you?
Misaki: Well, yeah. We do live in Japan, after all.
Nicolina: Yes, that's right. You only came here to do a concert...
Nicolina: We have only just become friends, so it is a shame that we have to part ways so quickly...
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Kokoro: Don't make that face, Nicolina. You look cloudier than a rainy day.
Nicolina: I apologize. But I cannot help feeling this way when I think of the day you are to leave.
Nicolina: I wish you could all stay in Happinelle forever... Of course, I know this is selfish of me...
Kanon: Nicolina-san...
Kokoro: Thanks for telling us how you feel, Nicolina.
Misaki: Yeah, we're all very happy to hear that you feel this way about us.
Kokoro: And you know what?! I thought of a really good idea!
Kokoro: What if we all lived here in Happinelle?!
Hagumi, Kaoru, Kanon & Misaki: Huh...?
Kokoro: That way, Nicolina would be happy! And we would be happy! It's a super-duper idea that'll make everyone smile!
Kanon, Misaki, Hagumi & Kaoru: Whaaat~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Misaki: Sigh~...
Kokoro: That was a big sigh, Misaki!
Misaki: I wonder why you always take things one step further than I expect you to~...
Kanon: We can't possibly live in Happinelle, Kokoro-chan~!
Kokoro: Oh, why not? It's a great place!
Kokoro: I've only seen a little bit of the city, but I feel like there's lots of fun things to do here!
Hagumi: I can't move here~!
Hagumi: I have to help at the store! Plus I have softball and my friends in Japan~!
Kaoru: While I am not opposed to spreading my wings...
Kaoru: It is incredibly sudden, and I'm afraid my family and little kittens back in Japan would collapse in shock.
Misaki: Yeah, and don't try to make us move on a whim like that.
Kanon: I think your family would also worry if you told them this, Kokoro-chan...
Kokoro: They'd be fine with it! Mother and Father support me in whatever I want to do!
Kanon: Th-they do?
Misaki: I see. So this is how Kokoro became Kokoro...
Kokoro: Hmm... I thought it would be fun if we all moved here... but I guess we can't.
Misaki: Of course we can't. Now go apologize to Nicolina for getting her hopes up.
Kokoro: I will. I'll tell her I thought we could all stay, but actually only I can.
Misaki: That's right. Only you can- What?
Kaoru: Do you intend to reside here, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Well, Nicolina won't be able to smile anymore if all her friends leave.
Kokoro: She's finally happy again, so I can't let that happen.
Hagumi: But what will happen to Hello, Happy World! if you aren't there, Kokoron?
Kokoro: You sure say some weird things, Hagumi. I'll be right here, of course!
Kokoro: I'll just zoom over on the plane whenever we have band stuff! And I'll bring lots of souvenirs!
Misaki: Th-that's ridiculous...!
Hagumi: Yeah! You can't move far away...!
Hagumi: Are you really okay with that? Won't you be lonely without us?
Kokoro: Lonely...? I don't know about that, but probably not!
Misaki, Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: ...!
Kokoro: Anyway, I'm gonna go talk to Nicolina!
Kanon: W-wait, Kokoro-chan...!
