band3-036 Chapter 1: Happy News

Kokoro gathers the Hello, Happy World! members to make a wonderful announcement...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Everybody's here! It's time for a Hello, Happy World! Meeting!
Hagumi: All right! What kinda meeting are we having today, Kokoron?
Kaoru: Fufu, since you have summoned us here, I suspect you have some fleeting tidings for us?
Kanon: I-I hope it is good news...
Misaki: We can't help but worry when you tell us to come quickly because you have some "super happy news..."
Kokoro: Oh, why's that?
Misaki: Why...? Because most of the time it's something crazy.
Misaki: Last time you called us together like this, you suddenly said you wanted to go mountaineering and took us somewhere deep in the mountains.
Kanon: And the time before that, you organized a fireworks festival, just so we could do fireworks together...
Kaoru & Hagumi: That was amusing. That was fun!
Misaki: It's a bit late to say this now, but that was not normal.
Kanon: A-ahaha. But everyone who came enjoyed themselves, so I don't think it was so bad...
Misaki: That was its one saving grace...
Hagumi: Anyway~! What's your news, Kokoron?
Kokoro: Well you see, we've been invited to a festival!
Misaki & Kanon: A f-festival...?
Kokoro: Yeah, they want us to perform there!
Hagumi: Wow! That's amazing, Kokoron! It'll be our first time playing at a festival!
Kaoru: We shall transform this jolly festival into something even more vivacious with our performance... Fufu, what an appropriate invitation for us.
Kanon: Y-yes, I think it will be fun.
Misaki: ...
Kanon: ...? Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Ah, sorry. You have actual news, so it caught me off guard.
Misaki: Where did this request even come from?
Kokoro: From my friend, Smiley Nick!
Misaki: Your friend...?
Kanon: Smiley Nick...?
Hagumi: He sounds like a real happy dude!
Kaoru: And I suspect this gentleman's smile is undeniably charming.
Kanon: Wh-who is that...? We haven't met him before, right?
Misaki: I'm not sure either. Judging by his name, I'm guessing he's from the neighborhood association...?
Hagumi: He invited us because we've been working so hard with our band activities!
Kaoru: As the Smile Patrol, we have protected many a smile, after all.
Misaki: Ahhh, you mean our non-musical band activities.
Misaki: Cleaning the streets, giving directions, playing with children...
Misaki: We really do quite a lot...
Kanon: But I'm sure we were invited to this festival because of everything we have done.
Kanon: We have had more chances to talk to the townsfolk, so many of them must know about us now.
Misaki: When I think of it like that, those activities might have been more meaningful than I thought...
Kokoro: Yes, protecting the smiles of others is very meaningful!
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! I was so happy to see all sorts of people smiling!
Misaki: Well, I guess that's good...
Misaki: I mean, I was wondering what outrageous idea you had, but it turned out to be an invitation to play at a festival. What a relief.
Kanon: If we're performing at a festival... Ah, perhaps I'll invite my family.
Hagumi: I think that's a really great idea! I'll invite Mom and Dad, and my big brother too!
Kaoru: Fufu, this concert is going to be rather convivial. Ah~, how fleeting...
Kokoro: Let's do our best to make every single person smile!
Hagumi, Kaoru, Kanon & Misaki: Yeah!
