band3-041 Chapter 6: A Princess and Her Friends

The group set out to make Nicolina smile by taking her out into town.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Happinelle - Castle Town]

Kokoro: Mmm~! The weather is so nice! It's the perfect day to go out!
Hagumi: Look, look! Everybody is getting ready for the festival! It's so busy!
Nicolina: E-excuse me, but why am I here...?
Kokoro: Why? To find something that will make you smile, of course!
Nicolina: Smile...? I see you have heard about me from the castle staff...
Nicolina: Erm, I appreciate you all trying to cheer me up, but... I have never left the castle grounds before...
Kokoro: But there's nothing that can make you smile inside of the castle, right? So we have to go somewhere that will make you smile!
Kokoro: If you don't smile, you'll feel worse and worse, and then you'll just be sad, Nicolina.
Misaki: Leave the princess be!
Kaoru: Nicolina, do you detest the outside world?
Nicolina: Not exactly. I just feel like the world outside of the castle is so different...
Nicolina: For a long time now, I have stared out at the city from my window and wondered what could possibly be out there...
Nicolina: But I am afraid of going somewhere I am unfamiliar with... And I know nothing of what is out there...
Kanon: It is quite scary going somewhere new for the first time. But we will be right there beside you.
Kanon: Today, we will try our best to find something you will enjoy, Nicolina-san.
Nicolina: You are all too kind...
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Nico-rin! Nico-rin! I found something awesome!
Nicolina: Oh? Erm, what is that...?
(White cut)
Hagumi: Yeah! It's a Happinelle croquette! I found a place selling them!
Hagumi: My family runs a meat shop and we sell croquettes! So I just have to compare them!
Hagumi: Eat one with me, Nico-rin! They're fresh out the fryer, so I bet they'll be really yummy!
Nicolina: Thank you... Erm, may I ask why you sell croquettes at a meat store?
Nicolina: If I'm not mistaken, croquettes are made out of potatoes...
Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: I've never thought about that before... They do have meat in them, but it's mostly potato...
Hagumi: But they're our most popular product... Hmm, I'll have to ask my dad when I get back to Japan!
Hagumi: You're amazing, Nico-rin! I never thought I'd make this kind of discovery in another country!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nicolina: O-oh... By the way, what is this "Nico-rin" you speak of...?
Hagumi: It's a nickname for you! When you become friends with someone, it's best to call 'em by a nickname!
Hagumi: Oh? Do you not like Nico-rin? Then what about Nicocchi?
Misaki: Don't you think it's rude to give a princess a nickname...?
Nicolina: Ah, no, I am happy to receive a nickname. No one has called me by one before...
Kaoru: ... My, what a peculiar statue that is in the middle of the square.
Nicolina: Yes, that statue commemorates the founding of our nation.
Kaoru: Is that so?
Nicolina: There is a legend that says, one thousand years ago, when this country was formed, a rain of stars poured down from the sky...
Nicolina: It is said that this gift from the heavens brought along many things with it.
Nicolina: Compassion, altruism, hope... Thanks to these gifts from the heavens, Happinelle became a kind country.
Kanon: I didn't know there was a legend like that...
Nicolina: M-my apologies. I quite like this story, but it is rather dull, isn't it?
Kanon: No, not at all. I would love to hear more of your stories, Nicolina-san.
Kaoru: My, what a riveting legend. I feel pressure in my chest from such fleetingness...
Nicolina: ...
Kanon: What's wrong, Nicolina-san?
Nicolina: Well, it is my first time talking with others like this...
Nicolina: It is quite pleasing, isn't it? Having someone listen to you and enjoy what you have to say...
Nicolina: I have always watched girls my age do so from out of my window.
Nicolina: I thought it would be nice if I had someone I could talk to in this manner...
Kanon: I see. So you've been wanting a friend?
Kokoro: Okay, so that means we're your first friends!
Nicolina: Huh...?
Hagumi: We're outside hanging out together like this, so we're friends already!
Kaoru: I am honored to be able to befriend such a remarkable princess.
Nicolina: ...
Misaki: Okay, so how about we go somewhere Nicolina-san wants to go next?
Kokoro: Yeah! Hey, Nicolina! Tell us where you want to go!
Nicolina: A-alright. I...
