band3-050 Chapter 15: A Starry Night

Hello, Happy World!'s stage illuminates the festival. The world is slowly becoming more connected!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle - Castle Town]

Kaoru: Ladies and...
Michelle (Misaki): Gentlemen!
Kaoru: Welcome to the stage of your dreams, colored by the rain of stars on this fair evening!
Kanon: We'd like to wish a Happy 1,000th Birthday to the Kingdom of Happinelle!
Hagumi: Celebrate with us and have fun right up until the end of our show!
Michelle (Misaki): First up, this song. Kokoro-chan, would you do the honors~?
Kokoro: Okay! This song is sure to put a smile on all of your faces!
Kokoro: It's "Smile Connection!"
(White cut)
Kaoru: (The more encounters one has in their life, the more things they gain that they cannot part with... I am sure some people are greatly pained by this.)
Kaoru: (However, I have a theory regarding this. The more things one has that they do not wish to part with, the more treasure they possess.)
(White cut)
Hagumi: (The sky is full of twinkling stars! And everyone's smiles are sparkling too! Even our stage is shining!)
Hagumi: (This is the way a Hello, Happy World! show is meant to be! Without the fun that comes from us six being together, we can't do a show like this!)
(White cut)
Michelle (Misaki): (Give what you've been given to another, huh? Now that I think about it, I feel like the others have given me many things...)
Michelle (Misaki): (I used to be bad with people who are really passionate, but... I wonder if the day will come where I give something to someone else.)
(White cut)
Kanon: (At first, I wasn't sure what it meant to make the world smile... But I have come to understand it little by little alongside everyone.)
Kanon: (I'm sure that it means to change how people view the world. To help people see a world that makes them smile... That is our job as Hello, Happy World!, isn't it?)
(White cut)
Kokoro: Everything you receive from someone, you pass on to somebody else. That's how the world is connected, bit by bit!
Kokoro: From those who had a smile put on their face from watching us perform, to us, who can smile thanks to all of your support! We're all connected!
Kokoro: Until this connection goes all around the world and back again, we will connect the world with smiles! Making the world smile is our Hello, Happy World!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Huff, puff... Good work, guys. I know it doesn't mean much coming from a fellow member, but that went really well, didn't it?
Kokoro: Yeah, it turned into a super awesome show! Even Smiley Nick was smiling!
Kaoru: Alas, do not forget the crowd. Between the meteor shower and us, it was surely a fleeting performance that will linger in their memories forever.
Hagumi: By the way, Mii-kun, why're you so out of breath?
Misaki: Huh? I had to rush and change- Ah, I mean, I was searching for you guys.
Kanon: Fufu, good job to you too, Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: Oh? Isn't that Nicolina over there?
Hagumi: Ah, it is too. Looks like she's talking to those people from before.
Kanon: She made some friends. I'm so glad...
Hagumi: The courage we gave Nico-rin must've worked!
Kaoru: Yes, that timid, naïve, castle recluse princess is already a distant memory.
Kokoro: And look at that smile!
Kokoro: It's such a bright smile! Just like the sun!
Misaki: Nicolina-san has certainly changed since we first met.
Misaki: But wow, the stuff we get up to really does sound like a fairy tale.
Misaki: Making an unhappy princess smile... Most people probably wouldn't believe such a story.
Kanon: Yeah, I don't think my friends believe many of my stories involving Hello, Happy World!...
Misaki: And I feel like it'll always be that way...
Kokoro: Of course! After all, we're a band that's gonna make the whole world smile!
Kokoro: So wherever we can, let's make everybody in the whole wide world smile!
Kaoru: Yes, I will venture anywhere that requests the assistance of Kaoru Seta.
Hagumi: I'm so fired up now! I'm gonna make smiles bloom all over the world!
Kanon: I would appreciate it if you told us what the plan is right away next time...
Misaki: I guess I'll end up coming if you're going too.
Hagumi: Alright, now, let's do the thing, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Yes, is everyone ready? Here we go!
Kokoro: Make the whole world smile!
Hello, Happy World!: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Yay!!
(White cut)
