band3-049 Chapter 14: Millenary Festival

As shooting stars fill the night sky, the Happinelle Millenary Festival begins. What is on Hello, Happy World!'s mind?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Day of the Millenary Festival]

[Happinelle - Castle Town]

Kokoro: Mmm! Wow! All these people are here for the festival!
Misaki: This is definitely on a different scale to our summer festivals back home...
Kaoru: The stars glisten in the sky, and the lanterns of the night stalls illuminate the town. It is more than sufficient to make anyone smile... Ahh, what a fleeting sight to behold...
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, don't wander off from us! If you get lost in this, we might never ever find you again...
Kanon: Never ever?! D-don't let go of my hand, Hagumi-chan...!
Kaoru: That reminds me, I believe tonight is the night of the great meteor shower... Around when will we be able to observe this?
Nicolina: Yes, the meteor shower. It has actually already begun.
Misaki: It has...?
Hagumi: Ah, look, look! There was a shooting star just now!
Kanon: Yeah. I saw it too. Ah, there's another one.
Misaki: Uhh, is it normal for there to be this many shooting stars...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Wow, the sky is filled with shooting stars...
Kokoro: It's so beautiful! It really does look like it's raining stars!
Misaki: I thought it was just a fable, but it really does look like rain. This might be a once in a thousand years type of thing...
Kaoru: It is deeply moving to think that someone else must have been gazing at this same scene one thousand years ago.
Hagumi: Ah! Let's make wishes! There are so many stars, so I'm sure they'll make lots of wishes come true!
Misaki: I feel like with this many, it might actually have the opposite effect.
Hagumi: Hey, hey, Nico-rin! What're you gonna wish for? I'm gonna wish for-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nicolina: ...
Hagumi: Nico-rin?
Nicolina: S-sorry. I was lost in my thoughts...
Kanon: I don't think Nicolina-san was looking at the sky, though...
Kaoru: I see. Nicolina was looking at those little kittens over there.
Misaki: Ah, they seem to be the same age as us...
Kokoro: They look like they're having fun watching the stars and eating snacks!
Nicolina: ...
Kanon: ... Why don't you try and talk to them?
Nicolina: Huh...?
Kanon: You were wishing you could become friends with them just now, weren't you?
Nicolina: B-but, they all seem to be friends already, so it would be rude to intervene...
Kokoro: Well, you can't know that for sure unless you ask them.
Kaoru: Tonight is a special night for the entire country to be bestowed with gifts from the heavens, Nicolina.
Kaoru: On this night full of affection and grace, the hands of fate shan't be cruel.
Hagumi: It'll be fine! If you're worried, I'll go with you!
Misaki: As will I. Although, I don't speak your language, so I might not be much help.
Nicolina: Everybody...
Nicolina: It is alright. I will go by myself. You have all given me courage...!
Misaki: Good luck, Nicolina-san...!
Kokoro: You'll be fine. I know you can do it, Nicolina.
Kokoro: Because the current you is a little bit like the current Kanon!
Misaki: Right. In that case, I'm sure it'll be fine.
(White cut)
Misaki: ... Um, Kokoro.
Kokoro: What?
Misaki: Remember that time you told me about the Hello, Happy World! constellation?
Misaki: You connected the stars to make each of our individual constellations, but I think you might've been a little off.
Kokoro: ...? How so?
Misaki: I mean, if we are stars that always twinkle in the same place, we can't be here together with the shooting stars, can we?
Misaki: So if you're a shooting star, then so are we. If you're going to fly across the night sky, we'll be right there, flying along with you.
Kokoro: Misaki...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Although, I'm sure it'll be tiring keeping up with you. But even so...
Kanon: It's the six of us that make Hello, Happy World! ... Right?!
Misaki: Kanon-san...
Kaoru: Innumerable stars dashing across the night sky with smiles on our faces... Fufu, it has a somewhat fleeting ring to it. I am quite fond of it.
Hagumi: Shooting stars sounds really great! It's kinda romantic!
Kokoro: Yeah. I'd be kinda sad if I was separated from you guys. I'm gonna start thinking that way too.
Hagumi: I know! Since there are so many shooting stars, let's look for a Hello, Happy World! shooting star!
Kanon: Huh? Um, shooting stars disappear quite quickly, though...
Hagumi: Hmm, It's gonna be hard looking for six people's worth of stars... Hm? Six?
Hagumi & Kaoru: Michelle!
Hagumi: It's almost time for our performance, but Michelle isn't here yet!
Kaoru: Good heavens. How could we not notice our most memorable member's absence?
Kokoro: Misaki! Please bring Michelle here, quick!
Misaki: Ahh, yeah, yeah. Don't worry, Michelle is coming here by magic plane, and then she'll grab a magic taxi.
Kanon: Ahaha... This kind of chatter makes today feel just like any other day.
