band3-046 Chapter 11: The Princess' Location

Royal guards block the way to Nicolina's room. Can the girls reach Kokoro in time...?!

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Misaki: Guards, Guards! S-save me~!
Guard A: ...? What's wrong?
Misaki: I was walking down this hallway, and then something strange happened... I think there might be a ghost~.
Guard B: A ghost? Don't be ridiculous... There are no ghosts in this cast-
Kaoru: Oooh...!
Misaki: Did you hear that?! It was a ghost!
Misaki: (Kaoru-san did say that she's played a ghost before, but that was impressive...)
Misaki: (I told her to just act with her voice since we don't have a costume, but it's more than enough.)
Kaoru: Ahh, I detest them. All living things. How I do detest them...
Guard A: ...? Why does the ghost speak Japanese...?
Misaki: (K-Kaoru-san?! I told her not to speak Japanese! We'll get caught...!)
Kaoru: Ahh, this hatred swirling in my chest... Even a hundred souls would not be enough to quell it... Ahh, what am I to do...?!
Misaki: She's completely lost herself in the role...
Misaki: Ahh, umm, this ghost might have possessed us and followed us here from Japan.
Guard A: What?! D-don't bring it here...!
Guard B: W-w-we are the proud guards of Happinelle. We aren't afraid of a Japanese ghost...
Misaki: (It seems like we've managed to trick them, but maybe just a voice won't be enough... In that case, you're up, Hagumi.)
Guard A: ...?! Wh-what?!
Misaki: A-ahhh! That suit of armor in the hallway just moved on its own!
Misaki: It must be the work of a ghost! I'm so scared. I'm so very scared.
Guard A: D-don't be ridic-
Misaki: Eek! That shield hanging on the wall just moved.
Misaki: It must be one of those poltergeists they talk about on TV.
The Guards: Eek!
Misaki: (Nice one, Hagumi. As captain of the softball team, your aim is impeccable.)
Misaki: (With Kaoru's voice and Hagumi's ball-throwing to create the illusion of a ghost...)
Misaki: (Those guards will surely get scared and leave...)
Guard A: Hm? There's something on the ground here. A ball?
Misaki: Oh no! Th-that's~... my ball!
Misaki: I must've dropped it when I was frightened by the poltergeist~. Ahaha~...
Misaki: (This is bad. At this rate, they'll catch onto us... I'll have to get Kanon-san to do something...!)
(Black cut)
Kanon: What?! You want me to pretend to be Nicolina-san?!
Misaki: It's our last resort if the plan with Kaoru-san and Hagumi doesn't work out.
Misaki: The guards will figure it out if you speak Japanese, so it's not something I really want to resort to...
Misaki: But you and Nicolina-san look so alike, I think we can fool them with your face alone.
Kanon: But what can I do if I can't speak...?
Misaki: You just have to look angry, Kanon-san.
Misaki: I'll tell the guards that you're angry over the fuss they're making.
Kanon: Fue, do you think this will work...? Impersonating someone makes me nervous~...
(Black cut)
Guard A: Princess Nicolina?! Wh-what are you doing here?!
Misaki: Umm, Nicolina-san is probably...
Kanon: Wh-what is the meaning of this?!
Misaki: Huh...?
Kanon: Normally, I would not leave my room in these clothes, but you were making such a racket that I found myself drawn out here without a thought.
Misaki: (She's speaking...! A lot...!)
Misaki: (Is Kanon-san so nervous that she forgot the plan...?)
Guard A: Wh-why is the princess speaking Japanese...?
Kanon: Huh? Ah! That's just because, um-
Misaki: Sh-she- Umm, it must be the ghost! The ghost that came from Japan is making her speak Japanese!
Guard A: H-how terrifying...
Kanon: A-anyway, what is the meaning of this ruckus?!
Guard A: Well, err, it seems like some sort of evil spirit has entered the castle...!
Guard B: It's dangerous to be here, so please return to your room, Princess!
Kanon: Wh-what are you saying? Are you not my guards? Go and catch that ghost this instant.
The Guards: Whaaat?!
Kanon: Th-that's an order from your princess...!
Guard A: Y-yes, Your Highness~!
Misaki: I-it worked...
Hagumi: Woohoo! We did it!
Kaoru: Everything came together thanks to my acting skills and Hagumi's pitching skills, not to mention Kanon's likeness to the princess and Misaki's quick thinking...
Kaoru: It was a brilliant plan, and one no one would suspect was concocted in the moment.
Misaki: It almost fell apart though...
Kanon: S-sorry, Misaki-chan. I messed up what both of us were supposed to do...
Misaki: Well, it turned out all right thanks to your ad-libbing, so it's fine.
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! Now we can go down this hallway!
Kaoru: Let us advance before the guards return. To the place where our precious princess awaits...!
