band3-048 Chapter 13: Connecting the World

The Princess has lost her smile. Is there anything Hello, Happy World! can do to help her?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Misaki: Okay! Everyone, gather around!
Misaki: The Millenary Festival is approaching fast, so from today onwards, our practices are going to get even more intense.
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Okay!
Nicolina: Do your best, everyone.
Misaki: ... That's what I should say, but...
Kanon: Before that, there's one more thing we must do.
Nicolina: ...? Is it something more important than band practice?
Hagumi: Yeah, it's super important!
Kanon: We can't just leave our Happinellian friend looking so sad.
Nicolina: Huh? Happinellian friend...?
Kokoro: We mean you, of course!
Misaki: We had a discussion about what we can do to help you stay happy after we leave.
Hagumi: If we leave, you won't have any more friends here, so you'll be lonely, right?
Kaoru: Under these circumstances, the answer is simple. We must merely assist you in forming friendships.
Nicolina: That's i-i-impossible...!
Nicolina: A timid, naïve, castle recluse like me simply cannot...
Kokoro: Why do you think it's impossible? You won't know until you try!
Nicolina: I know that, but I know myself even better. I do not think it is something you would be able to understand...
Kanon: ... I understand.
Nicolina: Huh...?
(White cut)
Kanon: I understand how you feel, Nicolina-san. Because I am the same as you.
Kanon: I am a coward, and I don't have much confidence. I also used to think the world was full of things I could not handle.
Kanon: But the world changed once I met Kokoro-chan and the others.
Kanon: At first, it was scary because I kept getting pushed around. But then, so many fun and joyous things happened...
Kanon: I feel like I was slowly able to become the person I wanted to be.
Nicolina: Kanon-san...
Kanon: That's why I would be so happy if meeting us became a sort of turning point for you too.
Kanon: I hope we've been able to give you many things, just like Hello, Happy World! has given me.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nicolina: ... You have already given me so much. I feel as if my world has truly changed over these last few days.
Nicolina: But do you think that I will be able to properly make friends...?
Kanon: It will be okay. If you don't have any courage, you can borrow some of mine.
Kokoro: Yeah, mine too!
Hagumi: And mine! I'll throw in a year's worth of courage just for you!
Kaoru: In that case, I shall gift you with fleetingness so your world will become more cheerful.
Misaki: I think you're missing the point, Kaoru-san.
Nicolina: Thank you, everyone. I shall do my best so that you can return home without a worry in the world...!
Misaki: At this rate, you'll be fine even after we leave.
Hagumi: Yeah! I think so too!
Kokoro: ...
Kaoru: Kokoro? What has got you looking so vacant?
Kokoro: Well, what Kanon said just before is kinda giving me an idea.
Misaki: Huh? It better not be something crazy this time...
Kanon: A-ahaha...
Kokoro: Giving what you've received to another... Connecting with others and spreading gifts throughout the world...
Kokoro: That's it! A song! We should make a new song about this! Then we can play it at the festival!
Kanon: A song... Huh? We're going to make one now?
Misaki: I was a fool to expect Kokoro's idea to be anything less than crazy...
Kokoro: I mean, going back to what Kanon said before, she's not the only one who's received stuff!
Kokoro: You guys have given me all kinds of things. That's how I know we have something special!
Hagumi: Me too! I'm not even scared of giving my all at competitions anymore!
Kaoru: Indeed. If I had not accepted Kokoro's invitation that day, I may not have gained anything.
Misaki: Well, yeah... You might have a point there.
Nicolina: Erm, are songs rather easy to make...?
Kanon: Not really... Will we make it in time for the festival...?
Misaki: Well, I guess we won't know until we try.
