band3-040 Chapter 5: Nicolina

Rumor has it that nobody has ever seen Nicolina smile. How do Kokoro and the others react...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Kanon: Fue, that was quite the surprise~...
Kaoru: Who would have thought that we would encounter a genuine princess in that manner...
Hagumi: And she looked exactly like Kano-chan-senpai! I was so shocked!
Misaki: No wonder the king looked so surprised when he saw you, Kanon-san...
Hagumi: Even Kokoron got a fright!
Kokoro: I did. At first, I was shocked because I thought Kanon had been duplicated.
Kokoro: But if you look at them closely, I feel like there are quite a few differences.
Misaki: Huh? Really? They looked so alike, I don't think I'd be able to tell the difference if they were wearing the same clothes...
Kokoro: If anything, I think Nicolina is more like the old Kanon, from when we first met her.
Kanon: The old me...?
Kokoro: You were always worried about something and would scrunch up your face like you had a tummy ache.
Kanon: W-was I really like that...?
Kokoro: Yeah. I feel like Nicolina is similar to how you were back then.
Hagumi: Hmm, a tummy ache face, huh? Now that you mention it, you might be right.
Hagumi: That princess did seem a little down in the dumps, didn't she...?
Kanon: She seemed more composed than I am, so maybe it just looked that way...
Kaoru: ... No, it appears that is not the case.
Misaki: It appears...? Do you know something, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: After dinner, I engaged in a conversation with one of the maids. It was there that the topic of Nicolina arose.
Kaoru: It appears that no one has ever seen the princess smile.
Kanon: Really...?
Kaoru: I'm afraid so. This also includes the maids who have been employed here since she was a child.
Kokoro: Do you think Nicolina forgot how to smile?
Hagumi: But she lives in this huge castle, and she's surrounded by all the nice staff~...
Kaoru: Perhaps it is precisely because she is always in this castle.
Misaki: ...? What do you mean?
Kaoru: I heard that the princess was in poor health as a child, and has thus spent her days inside this castle. Despite having entirely recovered, it appears she still does not leave the premises.
Kaoru: Of course, the king and the castle folk all wish for her to lead an enjoyable life now that she is well...
Misaki: So she's been in this castle her whole life...
Hagumi: I wonder why she doesn't go out even though she's all better...
Kanon: I think I might understand how she feels...
Kokoro: You do, Kanon?
Kanon: I think she must be afraid. She only knows the inside of this castle, so she must be scared of seeing and doing things she's never experienced before.
Misaki: Ahh, I think I know the feeling... So she's not a captive princess, but rather a shut-in princess.
Kokoro: In that case, we should show her all the fun stuff the world has to offer!
Kokoro: She's too scared to go outside on her own, but I'm sure she'd be fine if we went with her!
Misaki: Ah, here we go... You're always poking your nose into other people's business...
Kanon: But if we could be of some assistance, I'd like to help bring out her smile.
Misaki: You too, Kanon-san...?
Kanon: You said she is like the old me.
Kanon: In my case, I think I was only able to overcome my nerves because I had Kokoro-chan and Hello, Happy World!
Kanon: That's why I think Nicolina-san will be able to change if she has some people like that...
Kokoro: Mmm! That sounds really nice, Kanon!
Kaoru: It was fate that brought us together in this land of Happinelle. Let us put an exquisite smile on the princess' face.
Hagumi: Yeah! We want her to enjoy the festival with a smile, after all!
Misaki: Wait, but what about preparing for our show?
Kaoru: Fufu, are you opposed to this, Misaki?
Misaki: ... Well, I'm also a member of Hello, Happy World! I know I can't stop you, so I might as well join in.
Kokoro: Okay, it's decided then! Let's begin Operation Make Nicolina Smile!
Kanon: But how will we get Nicolina-san outside of the castle?
Misaki: Right, that is the main problem. I'm sure she wouldn't want to leave if she's scared of the outside world.
Hagumi: Hmm... What if we cover her eyes and take her out?
Kaoru: I see. So we would essentially be escorting her to the outside world before she has the chance to feel frightened.
Kokoro: Wow, Hagumi! Nice idea!
Kanon: U-umm, I'm not too sure about that...
Misaki: I feel like that would just shock her...
Kokoro: Oh, but it might work out better than we think!
Kokoro: Nicolina is scared of the outside world, but she doesn't even know anything about it!
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! First, she needs to see the world for herself so she can learn more about it!
Kaoru: If we do not succeed, then we simply must concoct another method. But first, we must try.
Misaki: I-I don't know about this...
