band3-047 Chapter 12: Kokoro's Specialty

Misaki and the others finally reach Kokoro. Can they communicate their feelings?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Nicolina's Room]

Kokoro: ... Hmm, that's no good either.
Kokoro: Whenever I think of fun things, I can't help but think of Hello, Happy World! It's like everyone is living in my head.
Kokoro: This is bad... Very bad... What should I do...?
Nicolina: If it is causing you that much of an issue, perhaps you should give up-
Kokoro: But this has never happened to me before!
Kokoro: I've always been able to think of tons of fun stuff that doesn't include the others.
Kokoro: But now, nothing seems fun without them...
Nicolina: Kokoro-san...
Kokoro: What a mess... Was smiling always this hard...?
Nicolina: ...! Kokoro-san, the members of Hello, Happy World! are very special friends to you, aren't they?
Kokoro: Huh...?
Nicolina: I am sure that they come to mind when you think of enjoyable activities because you wish to do them together with your friends.
Nicolina: And I am sure that spending time with them, and not anyone else, brings you the greatest joy, Kokoro-san.
Nicolina: So you cannot leave these friends to come and live with me.
Kokoro: ...
Misaki: Nicolina-san, sorry for the intrusion.
Hagumi: Are you in here, Kokoron?! We've come to-
Kokoro: Guys...?
Misaki, Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: ...?!
Kanon: K-Kokoro-chan...?
Kaoru: Wh-why are you pulling that face...?
Kokoro: I don't know... I should be able to think up lots of fun ideas.
Kokoro: But all I can think about is fun stuff I can do with Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: The more I think about it, the more my chest feels funny. It's a really weird feeling.
Hagumi & Kaoru: ...
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Hagumi: That's not weird at all, Kokoron! We feel the same way!
Hagumi: No matter what cool things we do, they're not gonna be fun without you!
Hagumi: I couldn't say so before, but I don't want you to go anywhere!
Kokoro: Hagumi...
Kaoru: It is as Hagumi says, Kokoro.
Kaoru: You once told me that fun is born between people, did you not?
Kaoru: I do believe that, all around the world, fun is born between many people. However, the fun born between us is something special that belongs only to Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: To Hagumi, Kanon, Misaki, Michelle, and you, Kokoro...
Kaoru: The fun that has been given life between us is irreplaceable.
Kokoro: Special, huh...? Yeah, you're right. The fun I have with Hello, Happy World! does feel kind of different from when I'm with other people.
Kokoro: So that's what you mean by special, huh?
Misaki: What do you mean...? If it's different from others, of course it's special.
Kokoro: I don't think I realized what special meant.
Kokoro: Everyone is special to me, so I didn't think it could be any other way.
Kanon: I think you've definitely changed, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: I have?
Kanon: When I first met all of Hello, Happy World!, it was like I could finally make small steps forward.
Kanon: So maybe you've also changed because of everything Hello, Happy World! has given you.
Kanon: And I'm sure that making something this special is just one part of that.
(White cut)
Kokoro: Yeah, I think you're right. I've never thought of it like that before.
Kokoro: Fun things never happen without someone else... But for me, that someone can't just be anyone.
Kokoro: The fun I love the most happens when I'm with Hello, Happy World!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: ... I really don't get you.
Misaki: You always act like you know everything, so why couldn't you understand something as simple as this?
Misaki: Of course Hello, Happy World! is special to all of us.
Kokoro: Yeah, it is! And it seems like I stop smiling when you guys aren't around!
Nicolina: ...
Kokoro: I'm sorry, Nicolina. I guess I can't stay here after all.
Kokoro: If I can't smile, there's no way I can make you smile.
Nicolina: No, you have given me many things to smile about, so it is fine.
Nicolina: More importantly, I am glad I have not separated you from your precious friends. After all, I know all too well how it feels to be lonely...
Kanon: Nicolina-san...
