band3-043 Chapter 8: I Don't Understand!

The group members become distressed after Kokoro says she wouldn't feel lonely without them.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Guest Quarters]

Misaki: I knew she could be an airhead, but I never thought she'd go this far...
Misaki: Moving to a country she barely knows on a whim? What is she thinking...?!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan...
Misaki: I don't understand half the things Kokoro does, but this has got to be the most mind-boggling...!
Kanon: Yeah... I never thought it would come to this...
Kaoru: But it is a very Kokoro-esque gesture.
Kaoru: When presented with a person who has forgotten how to smile, she makes them smile again. That is Kokoro to the core.
Misaki: Even so, she doesn't need to go this far...
Hagumi: I don't want Kokoron to move far away...
Hagumi: She said she would keep doing the band like normal, but it wouldn't be the same at all.
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: We've always been together...
Hagumi: We won't be able to have Hello, Happy World! meetings after school, or do Smile Patrol activities together...
Hagumi: It won't be the same at all. So why is she okay with that...?
Kaoru: ... The world may not seem so vast to Kokoro.
Hagumi: What do you mean?
Kaoru: To Kokoro, going to another country most likely feels like a mere excursion.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, she kind of gave me that impression when we went to Happy Happy Island...
Kaoru: No matter where she is, she can grasp the treasures of the world by simply reaching out her hand... That may be how Kokoro views the world.
Hagumi: Kokoron might think that way, but I sure don't...!
Misaki: Ahh, I can't take this...!
Kanon: Huh? Where are you going, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: ... I'm going for a walk to calm down.
Kanon: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Happinelle Castle - Nicolina's Room]

Nicolina: Huh...? You're going to stay here on your own, Kokoro-san?
Kokoro: Yeah. I thought it'd be so much fun if we all stayed here, but I guess the others can't.
Nicolina: O-of course not. Even I never thought you would actually stay in Happinelle...
Kokoro: Well, it's a good thing I could make your wish come true!
Nicolina: A good thing...? I do not think it is...
Kokoro: Why not? You'll be able to smile. Isn't that a really good thing?!
Nicolina: But won't the others feel lonely if you move far away...?
Nicolina: In fact, you would be making yourself feel lonely by leaving...
Kokoro: Hagumi said something like that too. But I don't really get what lonely means.
Nicolina: Y-you don't...?
Kokoro: Hagumi, Kanon, Misaki and Kaoru all seemed a bit weird, but... there's nothing to worry about.
Kokoro: Nothing's going to change. In fact, I'm sure things will be even more fun this way.
Kokoro: I can look for fun stuff to do with you here in this country, and then on my days off, I can do band stuff with Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: Just thinking about it makes me all excited...
Nicolina: ... Kokoro-san?
Kokoro: Hmmm...
Kokoro: Just thinking about it should make me feel excited... right?
Nicolina: Is something the matter?
Kokoro: No, it's nothing. I just had trouble picturing it.
Kokoro: Just you wait and see. I'll think of some super fun-tastic things we can do in the future.
Kokoro: I'll make you and all of Happinelle smile, and then I'll make the world smile!
Kokoro: No matter how you look at it, the future is bright!
Nicolina: ...
