event52-02 Chapter 1: Welcome to Toconut Park

The girls of Roselia reach Toconut Park. But it seems Yukina is without a swimsuit...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Toconut Park]

Rinko: It's more crowded than I thought... This place... is so lively...
Sayo: Probably because it's especially hot out today... Looks like everyone had the same idea as us.
Ako: Mmm~, I bet the pool's gonna feel so good~! We need to hurry up and get ready so we can jump in~!
Lisa: Sounds good. Let's go change into our swimsuits. Now, where are the dressing rooms...?
Yukina: ... Was I suppose to bring a swimsuit?
Lisa, Sayo, Ako & Rinko: Huh?!
Lisa: What kind of question is that...? This is a water park...
Ako: I'm pretty sure we said there would be a lot of water rides and attractions...
Yukina: Now that you mention it, I believe you did. I suppose I wasn't listening carefully enough.
Rinko: But you're going to need one...
Sayo: This is my fault... I knew you were unfamiliar with these types of places. I should have taken this possibility into consideration. My apologies.
Yukina: I don't like wearing swimsuits anyway, so don't worry about me. I'll just watch from somewhere I can't get wet.
Lisa: No way! We're finally here, so we should all swim together!
Ako: And most of the rides here won't let you on if you don't have a swimsuit~!
Yukina: That doesn't change the fact that I didn't bring one...
Sayo: According to this pamphlet, there's a swimsuit shop inside the park. Why don't we head there first?
Lisa: Oh, Sayo to the rescue as always. Well, there you go. We've got you covered, Yukina♪
Yukina: L-like I said, I don't like wearing them...
Ako: Come on, this way! Hurry~!
Yukina: ...! Wait...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Toconut Park - Swimsuit Shop]

Rinko: They have... a lot more styles than I thought...
Ako: What would look good on Yukina-san~? Ah, what about this one, Rin-rin?!
Yukina: ... Do I really need to wear a swimsuit?
Lisa: Argh~, Yukina. Stop it already~.
Sayo: It's too late for regrets now. It was you who agreed to come here in the first place.
Yukina: ... Alright. Then I'll get this one...
Lisa: Don't just pick out whatever's close by... This is your chance to get a new swimsuit. Take it seriously.
Ako: That reminds me, when Lisa-nee and I went swimsuit shopping together, we saw one that was perfect for you, Yukina-san!
Lisa: Ah~, the black one with a halter top, right? It would have looked so good on her.
Ako: Maybe there's something like that here~. Ah! Like this!
Rinko: It has a refined, mature look... It would look great on Yukina-san...
Lisa: Whoa, I like it! What do you think, Yukina?
Yukina: I'm not sure how I'm supposed to answer that...
Ako: You're the silent, cool type, Yukina-san, so this style is perfect for you!
Sayo: ... I cannot allow this.
Lisa: Huh? Why? What's wrong?
Sayo: That swimsuit is far too conspicuous. High schoolers should wear attire suitable for their age.
Sayo: Something like this, for example. A modest design in a simple color...
Lisa: Th-this one? It looks like what you'd wear to gym class...
Ako: This isn't school! That suit's way too plain! It's boring~!
Sayo: Swimsuits shouldn't be selected based on intrigue. They should be chosen based on functionality and appropriateness to age.
Lisa: Hmm~, which one do you like, Yukina?
Yukina: (Anything's fine by me...)
Ako, Sayo & Lisa: Grr~...
Yukina: (But no matter which one I choose, someone's going to be upset...)
Rinko: U-uhm... What about... this one...?
Rinko: It has the look... that Imai-san and Ako-chan like... and the design is really modest... so it won't stand out...
Ako: Wow!  The one I found looks really cool, sure, but the one Rin-rin picked out does too~!
Sayo: And the design is rather tasteful. I have no objections to this swimsuit.
Yukina: Looks like everyone's in agreement... Then I'll go with this one.
Yukina: ... Thank you for helping me pick out a good swimsuit.
Rinko: I-it was nothing...  I'm just glad you like it...
