event52-03 Chapter 2: Amusment Park Basics

The five are finally ready. They begin discussing where to start, but...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Toconut Park]

Lisa: Everybody ready~? Where do we want to start?
Yukina: According to this map, there really are a lot of attractions.
Yukina: A water slide, river rafting, a lazy river, and even a hot springs pool...
Ako: Oh, oh~! I wanna go on the water slide!
Ako: They've got a super big one here~! Last time I came, it was too busy, and we didn't have time to ride it. So this year I absolutely need to!
Yukina: I thought you'd like this kind of attraction, Ako. As for you, Rinko... Perhaps this hot springs pool?
Rinko: Ah, yes, I'd like to go there... It sounds nice and quiet...
Yukina: My thoughts exactly. Looks like I was right.
Ako: Do you have any places you wanted to go, Yukina-san?
Yukina: Somewhere I'd like to go...? Well, it looks like there's a large lake in the middle of the park... Is this a pool?
Ako: That's where they have the stage for their nightly water shows! Once it gets dark, it lights up and gets all sparkly~!
Yukina: How interesting. I wonder what kind of performances they put on.
Sayo & Lisa: ...
Sayo: Minato-san seems rather intrigued by this theme park. I had no idea she enjoyed these types of places...
Lisa: Hm~, if she does, this is the first time I'm hearing about it... What's going on with her today...?
Rinko: Uhm... So where should we go first...?
Yukina: Good question... Would it be best to start with the busiest attractions first? Or perhaps we should go to the less popular ones...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: D-don't look at me like that~! It's not like I'm an expert on this place~!
Lisa: Uhh, so Ako wants to ride the water slide, and Rinko wants to go to the hot springs pool, right? They're pretty far away from each other too~...
Sayo: ... I believe it would be more efficient for us to go to the attractions that are less crowded around this time first.
Lisa: Huh?
Sayo: The water slide is a popular attraction, so it will be busy. We should look into getting some fast passes. Apparently, we won't have to wait in line if we have those.
Sayo: After obtaining them, we should either go to the wave pool or river rafting. While they may draw crowds as well, they won't be as full during this time of day. Going there first makes sense.
Yukina: What's a wave pool...?
Sayo: It's a pool that creates waves through man-made machinery. You can ride them on bodyboards. From what I understand, it's a new attraction from last year, so it's very popular.
Lisa: I-is that so...?
Sayo: The hot springs pool Shirokane-san is interested in is always open, so I think we should go there once we've gotten tired from all the other rides and want to relax. Is that alright with you, Shirokane-san?
Rinko: Ah, yes... That's fine...!
Sayo: Then let's head over to buy our passes. We don't have as much time because of our shopping trip, but we should still be able to get some.
Sayo: Ah, I'd also like to make reservations for one of the restaurants as well. I heard there are long waits around mealtimes.
Sayo: I recommend the seafood place in the southern part of the restaurant area. It's supposed to be affordable for high school students, and it has terrace seating, so we can enjoy the scenery.
Yukina, Lisa, Ako & Rinko: ...!
Sayo: ...? Is something wrong?
Rinko: Hikawa-san, have you been here before...?
Sayo: As I mentioned before, I had never even heard of this place. This is my first time coming.
Yukina: Yet you're still so knowledgeable... I would think you were a regular here.
Sayo: I decided to do my research beforehand. Theme parks are always busy during summer vacation, and I wanted to avoid wasting our precious time here waiting around.
Ako: Huh?! You can recite all that just from looking it up?!
Sayo: ...? Don't you always memorize important information?
Lisa: That's not what's surprising. There's just no way anyone could remember all of that. But as always, you're prepared for anything~.
Sayo: I couldn't tolerate proceeding without a proper plan in place. That's all.
Sayo: Unless someone finds it unacceptable, I'd like to follow this itinerary. Does that sit well with everyone?
Yukina: Y-yes, I have no objections.
Rinko: Yes... With your plan, we all get what we want...
Sayo: Naturally. This schedule will allow us to go to all the attractions we want to visit while also seeing the most popular spots the park has to offer.
Ako: Alright, then we better get going! If we don't hurry, they'll run out of fast passes!
Sayo: ...! Udagawa-san! No running on the side of the pool! Slow down, this instant!
Yukina: ... You would think we came here with a teacher from school.
Lisa: Ahaha, I know what you mean. It's like she's in her true element~☆
