event52-06 Chapter 5: Why?

They find a restaurant to have dinner. Yukina continues to ask others' opinions while they eat...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Evening]

[Toconut Park - Restaurant]

Ako: Mmm~! This fried shrimp is so crispy and yummy~!!
Rinko: This gratin... is delicious as well...
Lisa: Looks like the seafood restaurant you recommended is a big hit, Sayo♪
Sayo: That means my research proved useful. Don't you think we ordered too much though...?
Lisa: Ahaha, we ended up getting a lot of food, didn't we? Everything just looked so tasty.
Yukina: This stewed tomato and octopus dish is quite good. Here, Ako, try it.
Ako: Sure~! Nom, nom... Mmm~, it's so...
Yukina: Well? Do you like it?
Ako: It's like this octopus... No, this magical beast of the sea has released the dark powers... uhm, sealed inside... and they came exploding out like "ka-boom"!
Yukina: ... Answer me seriously.
Ako: Huh?! Uhm, it's really tasty...
Yukina: I see. I'm glad to hear it.
Yukina: ... Mm. These mussels are delicious as well. Sayo, you can't just eat french fries. Have some of this.
Sayo: ...! I'm not just eating french fries!
Sayo: Uhm, why do you keep recommending the dishes you've tasted to us? You're even asking for our opinions afterward...
Rinko: You've been doing that all day... Whenever we got off a ride... you asked everyone... how they liked it...
Yukina: I won't know how you all felt if I don't ask.
Lisa: I don't know about that~. Can't you usually tell from someone's expression?
Yukina: That alone doesn't help me. I don't want to misunderstand anything by assuming what I see is correct.
Yukina: For example, Lisa, you were so scared after going on the water slide, but you still went on it again.
Yukina: Just by looking, I can't tell if you enjoyed the ride or not.
Sayo: She's right. When the water slide's line went down, you and Udagawa-san decided to go on it again.
Lisa: Ah~, well, you know~. I figured once I knew what to expect, I could actually sit back and enjoy it~.
Lisa: And I couldn't just let it end after being so scared! I needed to give it another go to make up for last time~.
Rinko: So did you... end up liking it...?
Lisa: Yup, sure did☆ Our first time around had way too many surprises, but attempt number two was a lot more fun!
Rinko: So you actually enjoyed something so terrifying... You have my respect...
Ako: I still can't believe how quickly we ran through the whole park!
Ako: I've come here loads of times, but this is the first time I didn't have to stand in any lines!
Ako: Thank you so much for coming up with this amazing theme-park strategy, Sayo-san!
Sayo: It was nothing special...
Yukina: Now that we've gone through most of the park, should we start heading home after we finish eating?
Lisa: What?! No way, we can't go back yet!
Ako: Yeah~! We still haven't seen the main event of Toconut Park~!
Yukina: You mean there's still more?
Ako: Yeah, the show, remember?! I told you there's a big stage on the lake in the middle of the park!
Yukina: Ah, now that you mention it...
Sayo: I've heard it's a rather popular show, so I have, of course, included it in our plans.
Rinko: A waterfront show at night... I'm sure it'll be amazing...
Lisa: So let's go see it, and then we can go home☆
Yukina: That's fine by me. I look forward to seeing what's in store.
