event52-07 Ending: Roselia's Summer

The girls enjoy the water show, but Yukina watches the other members of Roselia...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Toconut Park - Central Lake]

Theme Park Actor: Ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to Toconut Park!
Theme Park Actor: Tonight, we will show you a floating stage of magic and wonder! We hope you'll enjoy it to the very end!
Ako: Whoa! The stage in the middle of the lake lit up!
Rinko: That... wasn't there this afternoon... Red, blue, and so many other colored lights... It's like a dream...
Lisa: Ah, look at all the boats! Everyone onboard is twirling around~!
Ako: Those people are so cool~! Just seeing them gets my dancer blood pumping~!
Rinko: Their costumes... are wonderful too...
Rinko: I think the designs... are based on sea creatures... How cute...
Lisa: Fufu, looks like your costume-designer blood is pumping too.
Rinko: It is... Costumes like that... would look so pretty on stage...
Ako: Wow! Now they're shooting off fireworks! The lake's all sparkly now! Just like magic!
Ako: Someday I wanna give a show that puts people on the edge of their seats just like this~!
Ako: Ah, wait! That gives me a great idea!
Lisa: And what would that be?
Ako: We should have fireworks go off as I beat my drums! Wouldn't that be super cool?!
Ako: The stage would look all glittery, and the whole crowd would go nuts! I'm sure of it!
Lisa: Ahaha, no way would a live house ever let us do that. Heck, that'd be dangerous just for us~!
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Everyone's completely enraptured by this show.
Sayo: Yes, considering the level of performance, it makes sense.
Yukina: Ako's eyes light up every time something happens. Rinko's more focused on the costumes than the actual show.
Sayo: And similarly, you're far more interested in our bandmates than whatever's happening on stage.
Yukina: ...?
Sayo: After seeing you today, I think I understand why you wanted to come here.
Sayo: You wanted to know how the other members act and think outside of the band, correct?
Yukina: ... Yes. That's exactly it. So you noticed.
Sayo: I did, and I wasn't the only one. I believe the others could also tell something was different.
Sayo: I can't imagine you actually wanting to go to a theme park, and moreover, you've been acting strange all day.
Yukina: I didn't think I was doing anything that abnormal.
Sayo: Well, it was completely unnatural for you.
Yukina: ...
Sayo: Still, what kind of reason could you have for doing all this?
Yukina: ... Do you remember our performance at SMS?
Yukina: After our failure there, we were torn apart because we each had our own aspirations and were unable to stand together as one cohesive unit.
Yukina: I don't want that to ever happen again... That's the thought that went through my mind.
Sayo: Is that your reason for coming here together?
Yukina: I thought I could witness a side of them I can't see when we're together as Roselia. As we experience each other's interests, what we see and understand changes as well. At least I think so.
Sayo: So that's why you played along with Udagawa-san, and even rode the water slide...
Sayo: I suppose there is some truth to your words. You can learn a lot by seeing things from someone else's perspective.
Sayo: Still... Just when I thought perhaps you were actually enjoying your time at this park, it turns out you were thinking about Roselia.
Yukina: Well, yes, but that's nothing unusual. Roselia comes to mind more often than not now. It doesn't matter what I'm doing, really...
Sayo: That just shows how much Roselia means to you, Minato-san. And I feel the same way about it...
Yukina: That being said, I'm not sure if my plan worked or not.
Sayo: Is something wrong?
Yukina: I certainly learned more about the others today.
Yukina: However, the things I discovered are such minor things. I don't really feel like I understand them on a deeper level than before.
Sayo: Well... I don't think that's necessarily something you can decide right away.
Sayo: Understanding one another is important, yes, but it's even more vital that the five of us spend time together.
Sayo: Especially at this point in time... So I'm sure us coming here served a purpose.
Yukina: Sayo... Yes, maybe it did.
