event52-01 Opening: Summer Memories

Roselia practices in the studio. Ako is dreading the end of the summer, but Lisa has an idea...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... I still wouldn't call that a satisfactory performance. Let's take a short break.
Ako: Rin-rin, good work today. But we just can't seem to get that new song down...
Rinko: You did well too, Ako-chan... It's slowly coming together... I think we'll finish by the end of summer vacation...
Ako: Ooo, 'the end of summer vacation', huh...?
Lisa: Hm? Is something wrong, Ako? Ah, could it be that you haven't finished your homework yet~?
Ako: That's not it! It just makes me sad to think that the vacation's almost over~!
Sayo: Haven't you had enough time to enjoy the break?
Ako: It just feels like such a waste to spend every day here in the studio~... I wanna finish off the summer with something super fun!
Yukina: Something fun? Does that mean you find our practices boring?
Ako: Huh?! N-no, that's not what I'm saying~!
Lisa: Ahaha, don't worry, I know what you mean~. You want a special memory for the end of the season, right?
Lisa: Actually, I feel the same way, so... I brought something you'll really like☆
Rinko: Something we'll... like...?
Lisa: Fufufu, I hope you can contain your excitement~! Voilà! Five tickets to Toconut Park!
Yukina & Sayo: Toconut Park...?
Ako: What?! Toconut Park?! I've been there with my family before! It was sooo fun~!!
Lisa: Ahaha, glad to hear you like it, Ako☆
Lisa: I got them at my part-time job~! They're good until the end of August, but my boss can't go, so now they're ours!
Ako: Wow, thank you, Lisa's boss~! Did you hear that, Rin-rin?! Toconut Park! Is that great?!
Rinko: U-uhm, doesn't Toconut Park... usually have a lot of people...? I-I don't do well in... crowded places...
Ako: Huh...?! Even if we were there with you...? Come on, let's go~!
Lisa: Well, if you really don't want to, we won't force you... But I do think it'll be a trip to remember.
Lisa: We can also try to avoid all the really crowded areas. If you've never been there, you should go at least once.
Rinko: I-I suppose... i-if everyone else is there with me, it'll be okay... I think...
Ako: Yippee~! Thank you, Rin-rin!
Yukina: ... Hold on. What are you talking about? What is this "Toconut Park" you've been going on about?
Ako: Huh~?! You've never heard of Toconut Park?!
Yukina: I have not.
Sayo: Neither have I.
Rinko: I don't really... know that much... about it either...
Lisa: Ah~, yeah, you three don't seem like the type to go to those kinds of places. Toconut Park is a water park.
Ako: They have all sorts of rides and attractions. It's tons and tons of fun~!
Ako: There's also a stage show with lots of sparkly lights. It's really cool and exciting!
Yukina: ... I see now. In other words, it's an amusement park.
Sayo: We don't have time to be playing. Our schedules are completely booked with practice, remember?
Lisa: But if we keep this pace up, won't everyone just burn out? Taking a break for a day might help our performance in the end.
Ako: Y-yeah, what Lisa-nee said!
Sayo: Your feelings and motivations are something you can control. Instead of relying on theme parks, sort them out yourself.
Lisa: B-but we haven't done anything summery together yet.
Ako: Please, Sayo-san! Hagumi has been telling me all about her trip to the beach. I'm so jealous...
Ako: I wanna have fun too!
Sayo: They have their ways and we have ours. Minato-san, please put a stop to this nonsense.
Yukina: ...
Sayo: Minato-san? Is something wrong?
Yukina: Well, no. But... I don't think going to a theme park together is such a bad idea.
Sayo: And there you have it. Now then, let's get ready for our trip to the-... Huh?
Sayo: We're going to the theme park?!
Lisa, Ako & Rinko: ...!
Yukina: Yes, I think it'd be fine... Is something wrong with that?
Rinko: Y-Yukina-san agreed... I thought she'd be against it...
Ako: A-are you okay, Yukina-san? You should go home if you're not feeling well...
Lisa: Hm~, you don't have a fever... Just make sure you tell us if you're sick, got it?
Yukina: How rude. If you want me to disagree with you all, I will.
Ako: Ah! No, we don't want that! Let's do it!
Lisa: Sorry! I just never expected you to go along with it~!
Yukina: What kind of image do you all have of me...?
Sayo: ...
Sayo: (Why would Minato-san agree to go? Could there be a reason...?)
