event75-03 Chapter 2: The One Who Changed the Most

Everyone's changed over the past three years, but what about Tsugumi...? 

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Break Time]

Himari: You never told us that you wear glasses~!
Ran: I didn't?
Tomoe: Why do you think we're all stunned over here...?!
Himari: Jeez~! Why didn't you mention anything before now~?!
Moca: To be left in the dark about such an important detail... The Ran I thought I knew grows more distant by the day~.
Moca: Boo-hoo, woe is me~... You're not hiding anything else, are you~?
Ran: Of course not. And it was never a secret in the first place.
Ran: I don't wear them outside of class, so I didn't see the need to bring it up.
Himari: You should've said something~! The whole class heard us yell back there~!
Moca: Who would've thought our first lesson would end in a scolding~? The teacher must think we're a pack of delinquents~.
Ran: No way. All you did was raise your voices.
Tomoe: Dude, I still can't believe it. Ran, wearing glasses...
Tomoe: It's like you said. We should have each other figured out by now, but there's apparently still so much we don't know.
Tsugumi: I guess that means everyone really is changing, slowly but surely...
Himari: Tsugu? Everything all right?
Tsugumi: It feels like I'm the only one who is still stuck in the past...
Ran: Tsugumi...
Himari: Th-there's no reason to let it bother you! It's not like people have to change!
Tomoe: Got that right! What happens in class is small-time!
Ran: If anything, school lessons being the same old story is nothing out of the ordinary.
Tsugumi: Th-thank you...
Moca: Besides, you've done more changing than any of us after becoming a second-year student, so there's no need to worry~.
Tsugumi: Huh? Me?
Tsugumi: Is there something different about me now...?
Ran: Well, if I had to guess-
Hina: Tsugu-chan♪
Tsugumi: Kyah!
Ran, Tomoe, Moca & Himari: R-right on cue!
Tsugumi: H-Hina-senpai...?! Wh-what are you doing here?
Hina: I came to tell you that there's gonna be an emergency student-council meeting after school today~!
Tsugumi: Emergency...? Wait, did something happen?
Hina: Yep, something major is going down!
Hina: This morning, I thought of a seriously boppin' idea for a student-council activity♪ I want to hear the council's thoughts on it, so that's that~!
Tsugumi: Huh...? Uh, is that what this emergency meeting is for...?
Hina: Of course! This is super important stuff~! I would tell everyone about it now if I could!
Tsugumi: S-so that's what you meant by 'emergency'...
Hina: But don't worry! I know that break time is almost over, so I can wait until later!
Hina: Look forward to my boppin' after-school surprise♪ It's sure to knock your socks off~.
Tsugumi: Another one of her boppin' ideas...
Tomoe: That sounds like bad news...
Ran: I'm sure it is...
Himari: I'm guessing that this is what you meant about Tsugu having changed the most...
Moca: Just look at her, working together on the same student council as Hina-senpai~.
Ran: Doesn't seem like Tsugumi's noticed anything different herself, though.
Tomoe: Hmmm. Out of all of us, Tsugu is the one who's had the biggest changes to her life in my opinion.
Himari: Yeah, I get you! She herself is largely the same, but everything going on around her definitely isn't!
Moca: Like last year, she was the first to become friends with Sayo-san~.
Ran: I remember that. Completely threw me for a loop.
Moca: Fufufu, all who lay eyes upon Lady Tsugu soon open their hearts to her~.
Hina: Hey, hey~! Were you guys talkin' about my sister just now?!
Tomoe: Huh?! N-nope, not us! Sorry to say!
Hina: Really? Never mind, then. Hey, Tsugu-chan~! About the plan for after school~...
Ran: Another possibility is that she's easily liked by anyone named Hikawa.
Himari: I could see that...
