event75-06 Chapter 5: Time After School

The girls' first day of their second year is over. Do Ran and Tsugumi feel the passage of time now...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

Tomoe: Ahhh~! Finally free~! Being on break for so long made me forget how rough school can be~!
Ran: I'd hardly call those lessons. All we did was introduce ourselves and listen to our teachers explain things.
Himari: The real deal is going to start before we know it~... Sigh, we'd better prepare ourselves...!
Tomoe: Haha, it'll all work out!
Himari: Y-you're right! Let's leave that for now and focus on our club activities~!
Moca: Do you have a club meeting today, Hii-chan?
Himari: Sure do! I hope we get a lot of newcomers~!
Tomoe: Same for Dance Club... It'd be nice if those girls from earlier stopped by...
Tsugumi: I-I don't think you need to worry, Tomoe-chan...
Ran: So you both have a meeting, then. What about you Tsugumi...? Ah, Hina-san wanted you to stop by somewhere, right?
Tsugumi: Yeah, the student council room. I'm a little worried about this idea of hers, though.
Ran: G-good luck with that...
Moca: What's on your plate, Ran~?
Ran: Nothing, really. Since it's been a while, I thought I'd stop by the roof before heading home.
Moca: Oh, sounds good~. I'll join you~... But not before buying some buns from the school canteen.
Ran: I think you'll survive without your precious bread.
Moca: Tsk, tsk. You haven't noticed that it's snack time? Watching the setting sun without buns is unforgivable~.
Tomoe: Man, you're always eating bread... Don't pig out too much, alright?
Tomoe: Okay, I'm out. Catch you all tomorrow!
Himari: Ah, hold on. I'll go with you. Later, guys~!
Moca: That's my cue to hit the canteen. Meet you up on the roof, Ran~.
Tsugumi: ... And there they all go.
Ran: Well, we can still walk partway together.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Tsugumi: Hey, Ran-chan. Remember what we talked about this morning?
Ran: This morning? Could you refresh my memory?
Tsugumi: You know, about how it still doesn't feel like we're second-year students.
Tsugumi: That's how it felt this morning, but now that the day has gone by, it's finally starting to sink in.
Tsugumi: A new class where we're back together again with you, Ran... Our second year is finally underway.
Ran: ... Yeah. It really is.
Ran: I had this thought. The "same as always" that Tomoe was talking about is starting.
Ran: It has all come full circle... Remember how we had always been in the same class until middle school?
Ran: Himari being a central part of the class... Tomoe acting as the reliable anchor we can count on.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan always doing things her own way.
Ran: And you handling important matters like the class leadership duties...
Ran: Even if someone else volunteered, I recall those positions always falling right into your lap through recommendations.
Tsugumi: It often ended up that way for some reason.
Tsugumi: And you were the heart of the group, Ran-chan... I wonder if those days are coming around again.
Ran: Probably. Then again, I think our "same as always" will be a little different from back then.
Tsugumi: Yeah. Instead, everything will be even better than before.
Tsugumi: I'm so glad we're all in the same class again!
Ran: Mhm, me too... It's good to have the crew back together.
Ran: ... Oh, not a word of this gets to Moca. She'd never let me live it down.
Tsugumi: I think she'd have been happy to hear that from you... But my lips are sealed.
Tsugumi: Ah, the student-council room is this way. See you tomorrow, Ran-chan.
Ran: Alright. Until then.
