event75-05 Chapter 4: Fate of the First Impression

Tomoe notices some first year students looking at the dance club's poster during cleaning.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Cleaning Time]

Ran: Moca, get me the dustpan.
Moca: Alright~. Hii-chan, dustpan~.
Himari: Okay~... Wait, why're you asking me~?! Ran told you to do it!
Moca: Busted, huh~? My fool-proof plan has fallen apart~.
Himari: Anybody could see through a ruse happening right in front of them!
Ran: I could really use that dustpan...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, could you sweep over here, too?
Tomoe: Sure, got ya covered. Let's get this over with and head back to class.
Tomoe: ... Hold up, isn't that...?
Tsugumi: What's wrong?
Tomoe: Hey, have a look over there...
Tsugumi: ...? Are those first-year students? I think they're checking out the poster on that wall.
Tomoe: You know, that's the welcome poster that my club put up.
Tsugumi: And that would be... the dance club, right?
Tomoe: Yep. If they're still scoping out welcome posters, that means they must not have gone to Haneoka's middle school...
Tsugumi: Fufu, and it looks to me like they're interested. This could be a good chance to recruit more members.
Tomoe: S-sure is! Alright, gonna go have a little chat with them!
Tsugumi: Huh? Wh-what about the cleaning?
Ran: Tsugumi? What's up with Tomoe?
Tsugumi: Well, she made a beeline for some students that were looking at a Dance Club poster...
Himari: And she's talking to them as we speak. She's practically bursting at the seams.
Ran: ...? Is it just me, or don't they look afraid?
Himari: They do, now that you mention it...
Tsugumi: As I recall, Tomoe-chan... had an issue with scaring her classmates in the past, right?
Himari: Ah, I remember now! First year of middle school, wasn't it?
Moca: Tomo-chin's flashy exterior makes others think of her as a bad seed~.
Ran: I've even seen upperclassmen speak to her formally.
Himari: Yeah, same...
Moca: It's her destiny to always give a frightening first impression~.
Tsugumi: B-but those misconceptions got cleared up pretty quickly! Now, she's on good terms with our classmates and the upperclassmen!
Himari: Th-that's true! Everyone warmed right up to her once they actually got to know her!
Moca: Hm~. But those girls she's with don't look willing to stick around to find out~.
Ran: No, they don't. They're backing up ever so slowly... Tomoe herself is starting to look a tad nervous, as well.
Himari: W-we should step in and try to help! They need to know that Tomoe isn't some 'bad seed'!
Ran: Huh...? Wouldn't it be better to stay out of it?
Himari: Jeez~! Don't act like we're random bystanders! Come on, Ran, we're going!
Ran: N-now hold on a minute...!
Moca: Go get 'em~.
Tsugumi: Th-think they'll be okay...?
Moca: Oh, Hii-chan and Ran are approaching their targets.
Tsugumi: You can do it, Ran-chan! Himari-chan!
Moca: ... Oh dear, the targets have fled the scene~. Ah, our three companions make their return~.
Ran & Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: Did it all get cleared up?
Himari: They, uh, took one look at Ran's highlights and looked almost horrified...
Ran: This sucks. Now they think both of us are bad seeds...
Tomoe: It almost feels like we need to apologize to them...
Moca: Not to butt in, but why did you take Ran instead of Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Huh? Me?
Moca: She gives off an excellent first impression, after all~. And being in the student council means even the first-year students might recognize her, right~?
Himari: O-of course~! Tsugu should've been my backup~!
Moca: Wrong choice, Hii-chan~.
Ran: Well, excuse me for being unlikeable.
