event75-04 Chapter 3: The Center of the Class

Afterglow waits for Himari to join them for lunch. What's taking her so long...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Recess]

Tomoe: Ahhh, finally time for some grub~!
Moca: I've been waiting for this moment to come all morning~.
Ran: Where should we eat today? The roof? The courtyard?
Tsugumi: This will be our first lunch of the new school year, so why don't we go with our classroom?
Moca: No objections here~.
Tomoe: Works for me. Alright, let me grab a drink first... Wait, we'd better go tell Ran where we're gonna be.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan?
Ran: But I'm right here?
Tomoe: Huh...? Ah! Wh-whoops! My bad, force of habit!
Tsugumi: Fufu, calling Ran-chan over during lunchtime has been standard fare for us.
Moca: Not needing to fetch her from her classroom feels weird~.
Ran: It does feel kind of strange.
Tomoe: Yeah, we've been doing it for three years. But hey, we'll get used to it. Having her in the same class as us will be the new "same as always."
Ran: A new spin on it, huh...? Yeah. I think you're right.
Tomoe: ... Huh? Say, anyone seen Himari?
Tsugumi: Do you think she's still in the classroom...? Let's see. Ah, there she is, still at her desk.
Tsugumi: Looks like she's talking to the girl who sits next to her.
Moca: Leave it to Hii-chan to make new friends straight away~.
Ran: A-already...?!
Tomoe: Man, that side of her is amazing. No fear at all when meeting people for the first time.
Tsugumi: If anyone is quick to make new friends whenever our classes change, it's Himari-chan.
Moca: Nothing signals the arrival of spring like a vigorous Hii-chan~.
Ran: ...
Ran: ... So, did anyone else talk to our new classmates?
Tomoe: I spoke to one girl who sits close to me. We both like music, so we really hit it off.
Moca: Tomo-chin, quick on the draw~. Ran, Tsugu? How about you?
Tsugumi: Yeah, she and I spoke to someone sitting nearby. Didn't we, Ran-chan?
Ran: I didn't do much outside of a standard greeting.
Ran: Tsugumi did all the talking for the most part...
Tsugumi: W-well, I guess that's technically true...
Tomoe: You should've taken the chance to speak up more.
Ran: Right, as if I know how to break the ice with a stranger.
Tomoe: If you're drawing blanks, why not bring up what you did last year? Or maybe the clubs you're in?
Moca: Discussing your favorite things can make for interesting conversation~.
Tsugumi: Favorite things?
Moca: Earlier, the kid next to me asked about what I like~...
Moca: Then sat in complete silence during my funny story about buns~.
Ran: That's less like a conversation and more like a monologue...
Himari: Thanks for waiting, guys~!
Tomoe: Oh, there you are, Himari!
Moca: Let's go eat already~. I'm starving over here~.
Himari: Sorry about that. Oh, that reminds me... I made a new group chat, so you guys should join, too~!
Ran: A group chat? For what?
Himari: For our class, of course! The 2A Group Chat~!
Tsugumi: For our class...? Whoa, half of the students have already joined!
Himari: Hehehe, it wasn't easy~! Since we're starting fresh, I thought this would be a good way to get to know each other!
Ran: Come to think of it, you were speaking to a lot of our classmates during the earlier break, too...
Tsugumi: W-wow. A new class, and she's already becoming a core part of it...
Ran & Tomoe: (She's unbelievable...!)
