event75-07 Ending: A New "Same as Always"

Ran gazes at the setting sun from the orange-tinted rooftop. Who's that next to her...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: It's been a while since I saw the sunset from up here...
Ran: (I thought our first day back at school would just come and go, but a lot ended up happening...)
Ran: (Even our day-to-day that we took to be the norm is slowly becoming something different... "Change" seems to be our new "same as always"...)
Ran: ... I should finish what I was working on earlier.
(Black cut)
Ran: ...
Moca: ...
Moca: Ran~.
Ran: Huh?! Moca?!
Ran: D-don't startle me like that...! How long have you been there?
Moca: Hmmm, not too long. I spotted a familiar sight and was at a loss for words~.
Ran: A familiar sight...?
Moca: Ran sitting up on the roof, scribbling in her notebook. Reminds me of those days after school in our second year of middle school~.
Ran: ...! D-don't bring up stuff like that!
Moca: So, were you writing some lyrics?
Ran: Yeah, something like that... I found some inspiration, so I wanted to hurry and get it down on paper.
Ran: ... Not done yet, but do you wanna see?
Moca: You don't mind?
Ran: Well, I had planned on showing all of you once I finished anyway. So go ahead, if you'd like.
Moca: Hmmm~... Pass. I'll wait until it's all wrapped up~.
Ran: ...? Are you sure? You never had a problem with stealing my notebook before...
Moca: Back in the days of my foolish youth~.
Ran: Not like you're much different now.
Moca: I think I've changed, personally~. We both have.
Moca: The Ran from middle school would aggressively stash her feelings away in her notebook, but now you seem to find enjoyment in turning your feelings into words.
Ran: That... isn't wrong, I suppose.
Tsugumi: Ah, there you are. Ran-chan, Moca-chan.
Ran: Tsugumi? Himari and Tomoe, too...? What about your clubs?
Tomoe: Ah, I forgot that it doesn't start back until tomorrow.
Himari: Neither does mine. No one was there, let alone any newcomers~.
Moca: And you, Tsugu? Where's Hina-senpai~?
Tsugumi: Well, about that... She ran off and left in a big hurry.
Himari: Huh?
Tsugumi: Apparently, she had forgotten about some work involving Pastel＊Palettes...
Ran: Yeah, that sounds like her.
Tomoe: So now, we have nothing to do.
Himari: Since we're all here, we should make the most of it and do something together.
Ran: Like what?
Himari: Hmmm, how about some shopping? Or maybe karaoke?
Tomoe: A trip to a café sounds nice, too. Tsugu's place, of course.
Moca: Hmmm, I think I'd rather work on making songs.
Tsugumi: Making songs?
Himari: Do you mean a new one? Why the sudden urge?
Moca: Well, that'd be because Ran already seems itching to do so~.
Ran: Huh?
Moca: Ran was writing some new lyrics in her notebook just now~.
Tomoe: New lyrics? Is that what you were jotting down during break time?
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, she was writing during class, too... And it didn't seem like material related to the lesson...
Himari: Ah, I also saw her scribbling something!
Ran: Wait, so everyone noticed...?!
Moca: Looks that way~.
Ran: Uhm, everything that happened today helped me realize that a new "same as always" really has started...
Ran: So I thought... it'd be interesting to incorporate those feelings into a new set of lyrics.
Himari: A new "same as always"... Say, that's not bad!
Tsugumi: I wouldn't mind working on a new song. Our first one as second-year students!
Moca: Everyone seems to be on board, Ran~.
Ran: Y-yeah...
Tomoe: Guess that settles our after-school plans!
Moca: A super deep track for the ages~. Hey, hey, hoh~!
Himari: Hey, Moca! That's my thing~!
Ran, Tsugumi & Tomoe: Hahahaha.
