event75-01 Opening: Beginning of Our Second Year

The member of Afterglow are now second year students. A new year means a fresh start.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[April]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Tsugumi: Good morning, Ran-chan!
Ran: Ah, Tsugumi... Good morning.
Tsugumi: School starts again today. This will be our first lesson as second-year students, so let's give it our all!
Ran: I don't think we need to try that hard. It's not like the first lessons are a big deal or anything.
Tsugumi: Ah, heh. You may be right. I just thought we couldn't slack off, either.
Ran: Sounds about right coming from you. Anyway, we'd better head to class.
Tsugumi: Okay... Hm? Ran-chan, where are you going?
Ran: Uh, to the shoe lockers.
Tsugumi: But those are for the first-year students...
Ran: Ah! I forgot...
Ran: Ours are this way, right? Not sure how it slipped my mind. We used them for our opening ceremony.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I know how you feel. It doesn’t quite feel like we're second-years yet.
Ran: Yeah, we only just moved up a grade... Uh, Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: What's wrong? Let's get to class!
Ran: I plan to, but those are the first-year classrooms.
Tsugumi: Ah...! O-oops...!
Ran: Looks like neither of us are used to the new school year yet.
Tsugumi: Hahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Ran, Tsugumi! Good morning~!
Tsugumi: Good morning, Himari-chan!
Ran: Morning... Hold on, why are you guys in our seats?
Moca: We wanted to welcome you~. And you two sit right next to each other. It was perfect~.
Tomoe: Man, seeing Ran walk into our room in the morning feels so different!
Himari: I know. The last time we were all together in the same class was our first year of middle school!
Moca: What a touching reunion~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I agree. I'm so glad we were all put together.
Himari: Me too! This is the best! Right, Ran?
Ran: Ah, yeah.
Himari: ... That's it? It's been three years, and that's all you have to say~?
Ran: I mean, you're right, but... that didn't keep us from being together all the time.
Himari: Argh~! Don't say that! We know you're happy!
Moca: Uh-huh, we all know what's really going on~. Under that cool exterior lies an ecstatic smile~.
Ran: Er...
Tomoe: Hahaha, just let your happiness show, Ran!
Ran: Knock it off, you guys.
Tsugumi: Hahaha...
Tsugumi: Still, here we all are. This second year of school is shaping up to be a lot more fun than last year.
Ran: Tsugumi... Yeah, I guess you're right.
Himari: Ah, she's honest with Tsugumi...!
Moca: No fair~. Open up your heart to me, too~.
Ran: Shut up.
Ran: Look, homeroom is about to start. Back to your seats.
Tomoe: Uh-oh. Yeah, good idea. Ran, Tsugumi, catch ya later.
