event75-02 Chapter 1: Time to Start Class!

The girls have class together for the first time in three years. Ran notices some changes...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[First Period]

Teacher: For our first lesson, I'd like everyone to split into groups. After receiving your assignments, try to solve the problems as a team.
Moca: Ran~, Tsugu~. Let's group up~.
Tomoe: Looks like we're allowed to pick whoever we want!
Himari: Bring the desks closer to each other!
Tsugumi: We also used to do our assignments together like this back in middle school, as I recall.
Ran: Yeah, it's nice to be able to do this again.
Ran: It's been a while since we've been in the same class, but thinking back on those times... Hm?
Ran: Come on, Moca! What's with the bread all over your desk?!
Moca: Ah, these~? Fufufu, don't they look positively delicious~?
Ran: Th-that's your response...? After all these years, you've sunk to eating in class?
Tsugumi: U-uhhh, Ran-chan. Not even Moca-chan would go that far.
Moca: Yeah, Ran, you meanie~. I wouldn't stoop that low~.
Ran: Explain the bread, then...
Tsugumi: Have a closer look. Despite how real they seem, they're actually stationery.
Ran: Stationery?
Moca: Sure are~. This may look like a baguette at first glance, but this little fellow is actually a pencil case~.
Ran: You're right...! What about the others?
Moca: The rest are also part of my prized bun-goods collection, of course~.
Tomoe: Oh, that slice of bread is actually a pouch. Dude, the detail is off the charts.
Himari: Wow, even the pens and erasers are shaped like bread. Is that eraser a butter roll? How cute.
Moca: Impressive, Hii-chan. The queen of fashion has an eye for quality, I see~.
Ran: Come on, don't these look a little too realistic? This pen, that pouch. From a distance, they look like the real deal.
Moca: The uncompromising nature of an artisan~. Bakers are particular about their creations~.
Ran: Uh, they aren't real baked goods, you know.
Tsugumi: Seeing so much bread piled up on a desk like that is a pretty unforgettable sight, all things considered...
Tsugumi: Her collection grew bit by bit, so I never noticed how big it was becoming.
Tomoe: Somewhere along the way, we'd gotten used to seeing it.
Himari: Teachers were also stunned at first, but we haven't heard anything about it for a while now.
Moca: So what you're saying is... I could slip in a few real ones if I really wanted to...?
Tsugumi: E-eating in class is against the rules!
Moca: I kid, I kid~. A classic Moca-chan gag~.
Ran: It had better be...
Tomoe: Alright, time to shelve the bread convo and hit the books, guys. We'll get in trouble if we don't finish this assignment.
Himari: Sh-she's right! Where's my notebook...? Ah!
Tsugumi: What's wrong, Himari-chan?
Himari: This is my notebook from last year~! I must have forgotten my new one...!
Tomoe: Come now, is that any way for a second-year student to act~?
Tsugumi: Uh, Tomoe-chan. Isn't yours also the same one from last year?
Tomoe: Gah! Come on, for real?! I left mine behind, too~!
Ran: I can't believe you two... Get it together.
Tomoe: Sigh... And there's not a single blank page, either...
Himari: Mine is, uhm... Ah, I've got a little bit of space left... but it's hardly enough to write anything useful...
Ran: ...? Mind if I have a look?
Tomoe: Hm? You won't find anything interesting in there.
Ran: That's fine. These notes you've taken, aren't they way better than before?
Tomoe: Huh? For real?
Ran: Tomoe, you used to use one color. I remember that making it hard to tell what was important.
Tomoe: Ah, that's pretty spot-on, I guess...
Ran: And Himari-chan, yours was such a mess that you'd go on about how it was impossible to read what you'd written...
Himari: Ah, mhm. I did say that...
Ran: But from what I see now, everything seems really organized. You'd almost think this was Tsugumi's notebook.
Himari: Yeah, almost... Tsugu is the one who helped us improve our note-taking skills, actually.
Ran: Huh? Really?
Tsugumi: Mhm, in our second year of middle school, I think. They asked me to give them some pointers.
Moca: Tsugu's writing is so easy to understand~. A role model for any aspiring student~.
Himari: Our savior, Lady Tsugu, came to our rescue!
Tomoe: Himari said she thinks the little jump in her grades was likely thanks to that help!
Tsugumi: I-it was nothing, really~.
Ran: ... This is all too weird.
Ran: We've been together constantly despite having different classes, so I thought we knew each other pretty well... but I can't believe how much has changed without me knowing.
Moca: Well, it has been three years since we've had a class together~.
Tsugumi: Now that we're talking about it, it sort of seems like I haven't changed much, huh...?
Tsugumi: My school supplies aren't all that different from before, and the way I study has been the same since middle school.
Ran: Fine by me. Not sure I could handle you changing on me, too.
Tsugumi: Hahaha, and I'm glad you're still the same, Ran-chan. I wouldn't know what to do if you weren't.
Himari: ... Ah, the teacher is writing something on the board. A hint about our assignment!
Ran: The board... Yeah, I figured it'd be hard to see from here...
Ran: ... There we go.
Himari, Tomoe, Moca & Tsugumi: ...!!
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan...?
Ran: Yeah?
Himari, Tomoe, Moca & Tsugumi: Wh-what~?!
