event93-01 Opening: Warriors and Rabbits in Felt

As Misaki relaxes after school, Eve and Tae approach her with a favor in mind.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Misaki: Oh, my beautiful after-school time...
Misaki: Kokoro said she was busy and went home already, Hagumi has softball practice.
Misaki: I can relax on my own for once~. Ahh~, this is so peaceful~.
Eve: Ah! Tae-san, look this way! She's over there!
Tae: You're right. Found you, Misaki.
Misaki: Huh...? Wh-what?
Eve: We were searching for you, Misaki-san! I have something I would like to ask you. Is this okay?
Misaki: Y-yeah... I guess...
Misaki: It sounds like my quiet afternoon is about to be over...
Eve: Misaki-san, I have something I would like to earnestly ask of you! Could you please teach us how to do needle felting?
Misaki: Needle felting... Huh? Why do you wanna do that?
Tae: Eve and I went to Hagumi's house yesterday, and she had the cutest needle-felted monkey on display...
Misaki: Ah, that's probably the one I gave her.
Eve: Yes, that's what Hagumi-san said! Tae-san and I were discussing how we would like to try needle felting and make something cute!
Eve: Please instruct us in the ways of cute needle felting!
Misaki: I-Instruct you... Wouldn't it be better if you just looked them up online instead of me teaching you? The explanations would definitely be better than anything I could say.
Tae: But I think it would be easier to understand if you just taught us. And Hagumi said so too. She said, "Mii-kun is kind, so she'll definitely teach you."
Misaki: Haha~, I see... I guess if she said that... Heh.
Misaki: Ahh~, alright. Then how about we try and do some together?
Tae: Really?! Woohoo, thanks!
Eve: Misaki-san! I will never forget this kindness!
Misaki: No, no, it's not that big of a deal. Forget about it.
Misaki: Besides, I dunno if I can even teach you properly~. What were you two thinking of making?
Eve: I will make a samurai, of course! I want to make animals too once I get better at it!
Misaki: Samurai first, then animals... Isn't that going backward? What about you, Hanazono-san?
Tae: I will make Oddie.
Misaki: Oddie is your pet rabbit, right? Yeah, I've made rabbits before, I think I could teach you that.
Tae: I wanna make one that jumps around like "boing, boing."
Misaki: Ah, sorry. I've never made anything tricky like that.
Tae: Then let's try and make it together! I can't wait.
Misaki: Yeah, me neither. Hahaha~. How about we go and buy the materials then?
Eve: Yes! Let's!
Misaki: (Goodbye... My peaceful afternoon...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Handicrafts Store]

Misaki: Well, this is the needle-felting corner. They have sets with all the parts you need inside them, so I think you should choose from this area.
Eve: Wow~, this is amazing! There are so many!
Tae: Ah, they have a rabbit set! It looks so realistic! Like it could start jumping at any minute!
Misaki: Hey, Hanazono-san. Those are quite advanced, maybe you should start with this one here for beginners?
Misaki: It's small, so it won't take too much time. I think you should try it before moving onto a more difficult one.
Tae: Hm~... I can't decide which rabbit to choose. This is hard.
Misaki: Yeah, but thinking about and deciding what to make is half the fun of needle felting.
Eve: Um, Misaki-san. No matter how much I search, I cannot find a samurai set...
Misaki: I thought as much. There's not a lot of demand for that kind of set.
Eve: I see... That is very disappointing. Which one should I make instead...?
Lisa: Ah, is that you, Eve?
Eve: Ah, Lisa-san! Hello!
Lisa: Ohh, Misaki and Tae are here too! Hey~♪
Tae: Hey, Lisa-san.
Misaki: H-hello there.
Lisa: What an unusual trio What're you doing in a place like this?
Eve: Misaki-san is going to teach us how to needle felt, so we came to buy the materials!
Lisa: Oh, I see! I also came here to buy materials for knitting. What a coincidence~.
Lisa: Ah. Hey, it's pretty rare for the four of us to do anything as a group, huh? Since we're all here, why don't we shop together?
Eve: Really?! I would love to shop with you! Is that okay with you, Misaki-san? Tae-san?
Tae: Yeah, of course!
Misaki: Y-yeah... I'm fine with it... I think.
Lisa: Okay! Then let's go♪
