event93-02 Chapter 1: An Unexpected Development

Misaki and the others bump into Lisa at the crafts store, where a flyer catches their attention...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Ahh~, I bought quite a lot~. Something just takes over me whenever I go to handicraft stores~.
Eve: I understand what you mean! Seeing all the cute fabric made me want to try and make so many different things!
Misaki: Even then, you sure did buy a lot of yarn. Your bag is bursting at the seams.
Lisa: Ahaha~... You're right, I might have bought a few too many~...
Tae: You bought a magazine too, right? I didn't even know they made knitting magazines.
Lisa: I read them to get a better idea of what I'm making and to learn how to knit in more elaborate ways~.
Lisa: Actually, you guys should all try knitting~. I think you'd definitely be good at it, Misaki. You already do needle felting, so I bet you're good with your hands.
Misaki: You think so~?
Lisa: And look! You have a little brother and sister, right? It's almost winter; I'm sure they'd be happy if you made them some gloves or a scarf♪
Lisa: I'm making a scarf at the moment. Once I'm done with it, I'm going to make a sweater too.
Misaki: A scarf and a sweater... You must be really good...
Lisa: No, no, it's not like that. Knitting is just something I like to do. Then I force everyone around me to wear what I make. Ahahaha.
Misaki: (It's replies like this that make me think Lisa-san has an answer for everything... Even now, I get a little nervous talking to her...)
Lisa: Huh? What's wrong?
Misaki: Ah, no, it's nothing...
Lisa: By the way, there was a good-looking scarf in the magazine I bought. It wasn't a very difficult pattern, but it looked relatively nice.
Lisa: Wait one moment. I'm sure it was on one of the pages near the middle...
Eve: Huh? Lisa-san, a paper just fell out of your bag.
Lisa: Huh? Where?
Tae: Under your chair. Um, it says... "Handmade Market. Now seeking vendors."
Lisa: I'm guessing it's a flyer from my shopping bag? Thanks.
Eve: Excuse me... What is a handmade market?
Lisa: It's probably one of those things, you know? Some people call them "farmers markets"... Wait one moment. I'll search it up on my phone...
Lisa: Handmade market... Ah, there's a lot of pictures! Here, look at these!
Misaki: I see. So it's an event where you sell stuff you made by hand, right?
Eve: The pictures all look very fun and lively!
Tae: Ah, look at this one! This rabbit choker is so cute!
Lisa: Huh? Doesn't this store look so nice? I think they even have knitted things in the back.
Lisa: Ahh~, this photo is making me excited!
Lisa: Guys, I have an idea... Why don't we also try participating in this event?
Eve: Lisa-san! I think that is a great idea! I want to do it!
Tae: Me too! I wanna see all the rabbit things people make!
Lisa: Yeah! I'm sure they'll have lots of rabbit goods♪ How about you, Misaki?
Misaki: I... Well, I do think it looks like fun, but...
Lisa: Really?! That means we all agree then?!
Eve: We can do it as a group! Let's join this handmade market!
Lisa: Yay~♪ Ahaha, I'm kind of fired up now~☆
Eve: Tae-san! Misaki-san! Let's work hard and do some needle felting!
Tae: We have Misaki, so we'll be fine.
Misaki: Um, I'm not sure what is fine about this at all...
Lisa: Ah, needle felting is great and all, but why don't we try and sell other things we've made ourselves too?
Lisa: I think it will look better if we display a lot of different items, like in that photo. You all have something we could use, right?
Tae: I've made ornaments out of clay before. Maybe we could use those.
Lisa: Yeah, perfect! That'll work!
Lisa: And Eve, didn't you make wooden shuriken before for the talent show?
Eve: I have also made wooden tea-ceremony tools before! It was just for fun, but I would be so happy if people looked at them!
Lisa: Wow~, I didn't know you made tea-ceremony tools! That's quite impressive.
Misaki: I'm afraid I can only do needle felting if you're okay with that.
Lisa: Of course we are♪ I only have my knitting anyway.
Lisa: Okay, then I'll sign us up for the market☆ I'll let you guys know once we're registered! Ah, and I'll make a group chat right now.
Lisa: Let's see, Eve, Tae, and Misaki...
Misaki: Th-that was fast... I got the invitation already.
Lisa: Okay. So let's use this chat to talk about the market. Glad to be in business with you all☆
Misaki: (M-man, Lisa-san is always on top of things~...)
