event93-03 Chapter 2: Overflowing With Ideas

Having brought their items for the crafts market, Misaki and the others gather at Lisa's house.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[A Few Days Later]

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Lisa: Hi, come in, come in~.
Misaki: Sorry to intrude. Oh~, wow...
Eve: Lisa-san, your house is very beautiful!
Lisa: I forget, is this your first time here, Eve? I'm in the middle of a few things, so it's a bit of a mess, but just ignore that.
Tae: I'd heard about your house from Arisa, but this is my first time here.
Lisa: Ah, that's right. Arisa came over once to make chocolates with me.
Tae: She said, "Lisa-san's house is really amazing," and, "she has such good taste."
Misaki: Now that you mention it, I heard that too. She was sort of bragging about coming to Lisa-san's place, right?!
Misaki: Although, now I see why she wanted to tell everyone about it.
Lisa: You're exaggerating. If I'd known everyone felt that way, I would've cleaned up more~.
Lisa: Ah, don't just stand there, take a seat. If anything's in the way, feel free to move it elsewhere.
Lisa: Okay, did everyone bring what they want to sell?
Eve: Yes! I put them inside this bag!
Lisa: Ohh~, you brought quite a lot~. Huh? What's that thing on the very top? A wallet? This Japanese-style pattern is totally cute!
Eve: This is a pouch. It is for carrying tea ceremony tools. I made it together with Kanon-san.
Lisa: Wow~, it's so nice! Pass it here!
Eve: Fufu, I have a few more. Please look at them if you'd like.
Tae: Ah, there's one with a rabbit pattern on it! Can I reserve this one?
Misaki: Hanazono-san, you're being too hasty...
Misaki: You made these with Kanon-san? Maybe I'll ask her to teach me sometime. I mean, I only know how to make these needle-felt things.
Lisa: Wow~! You brought so many~!
Misaki: Most of them are small ones I made for practice. But I thought this size might be easier to make into keychains and straps.
Lisa: I see! If we attach some metal parts around here, they could be pretty good keychains!
Lisa: Ah! We could also attach them to gloves and scarves! Err, here, like a feature point. What do you think?
Tae: Can I reserve one of those too?
Lisa: Ahaha~. Tae~, you need to slow down. Misaki, will you help me pair them together later?
Misaki: That's a good idea, let's do that. Hanazono-san, what did you bring?
Tae: I brought these. They're rabbit ornaments made from paper clay. This is Oddie. This one is Doro-chan, and this one is Shiroppi.
Eve: They're great! We could attach some metal and make these into cute keychains too!
Tae: What? On Oddie's head...? You're gonna attach metal there? That might hurt...
Lisa: Ahh, then I won't put it on the head! Wouldn't want to hurt Oddie...! How about... on the tail?
Misaki: U-um... But then it will look like Oddie's hanging upside down...
Lisa: T-true...
Misaki: Ah, in that case, how about we put a ribbon around the neck, and attach the metal to the ribbon?
Lisa: Ohh, that's a good idea! Misaki, you're a genius! Let's do that! You're okay with that, right, Tae?
Tae: Yeah! I think Oddie would be happy with that too! Thanks, Misaki.
Eve: We have so many items to sell! I bet we'll get quite busy with such a wide variety!
Lisa: Fufu~♪ I didn't tell you guys, but one more person is actually going to participate with us♪
Eve: What?! Really?
Lisa: Apparently, she does some stitching or weaving, embroidery I think, as a hobby. I heard she's made quite a lot of pieces, so I asked her to join.
Eve: That means... we have another member! I am very excited to meet them!
Lisa: I've tried embroidery on hats and such, but I could never quite get it how I wanted~.
Lisa: So I'm gonna use this chance and ask her to teach me! Have you tried embroidery before, Misaki?
Misaki: Ah, a little. For example, I stitched a needle-felted character onto this pouch that I brought with me today, and I did some embroidery around it.
Lisa: Oh, you're really good at it then!
Misaki: I wanted to make it a little more intricate but... I kind of gave up halfway through.
Lisa: No way! I think it looks great!
Misaki: I didn't know you knew someone who does embroidery as a hobby though.
Eve: Who is it, exactly?
Lisa: You'll find out when they arrive~♪ I think you'll all be surprised~. She's not someone you'd expect!
Lisa: Ah, I think that's her now! I'll go and let her in☆
