event93-04 Chapter 3: A Fleeting Visitor

Lisa has brought along an unexpected visitor. Who could it be...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Tae: I wonder who it is.
Misaki: Judging by what Lisa-san said, it's someone we'd never expect.
Eve: I am very excited! I want to learn about embroidery too!
Lisa: Thanks for waiting☆ Look who's here! Tada~♪
Kaoru: Greetings. I'm awfully sorry to have kept you waiting. Is everything ready, my little kitten?
Misaki: What...? Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: I heard through the grapevine that my little kittens were going to participate in a handmade market, so I decided to join you all.
Lisa: Fufu~, I told you guys it'd be quite the surprise~♪ Kaoru, did you bring your pieces? Show us already~.
Kaoru: Of course I brought them. I understand your eagerness, but could you just wait one moment? They're inside my bag...
Misaki: Kaoru-san does embroidery...? I've never heard this before... Huh? Wait...!
Misaki: Lisa-san, I think you misunderstood. I don't think she does embroidery...
Lisa: Huh? What? What do you mean?
Kaoru: Fufu, my long-awaited works. Behold my poetry anthology. Please enjoy these fleeting words woven together by yours truly.
Lisa: Weaving words?! Poetry?!
Lisa: I-I see... When you said stitching and weaving, you were talking about poetry, Kaoru...?
Lisa: My head was full of handicrafts, so I just assumed she meant embroidery~.
Lisa: Ah~, whoops~... This is quite embarrassing~.
Misaki: ... Pffft. Haha, ahahaha...
Misaki: That was unexpected. I suppose even Lisa-san can't be on top of everything all the time. Hahaha.
Lisa: Hey, I'm always making mistakes~. Although, I'm actually quite embarrassed that I made such a big one...
Kaoru: Oh? Did my poetry strike a chord?
Misaki: No, no, that's not it. How can I put this? Thanks to your poetry, I saw a different side of Lisa-san.
Lisa: Ahh~, my face is so red. And I'm sweating~. Ahahaha~...
Kaoru: Fufu, I am glad you both liked my anthology. It is called "Eternally Fleeting."
Kaoru: I also brought along a few others. There's "Eternally Fleeting: Continued" and "Eternally Fleeting: The Return." Please feel free to dive into them.
Eve: Wow~, did you draw this picture on the cover too, Kaoru-san?! It is very nice!
Tae: Eve, I wanna read them too. Could you pass me one?
Kaoru: If you'd kindly, I'd like you to read the first poem aloud. I suspect it will fill the deepest corners of your heart with fleetingness.
Eve: Okay! I will try!
(Black cut)
Eve: Ahh, fleetingness. Eternally fleeting...
Kaoru: Fufu, what do you think?
Eve: Kaoru-san! That was amazing! I really felt the depth of the word "fleeting"!
Tae: That's what I thought! This "fleeting" feeling, it really is everywhere! Kind of like air.
Kaoru: The air is fleeting! Tae-chan, thank you for this magnificent inspiration! A new poem came to me just now!
Misaki: Ahaha, Kaoru-san. It seems like you've found some new fans.
Lisa: Well, Kaoru's anthologies are essentially handmade, so she can still participate, right?
Misaki: Yeah, I don't see any problem with that. Besides, I think a lot of customers will come if Kaoru-san is there.
Lisa: I think so too! Kaoru! Welcome to the team!
Kaoru: Fufu, I can picture it now. The hordes of fans, lining up for my art.
Tae: I'm reserving one of Kaoru-san's anthologies.
Lisa: Okay so, I want to organize all the things we have here so we're ready on the day~...
Lisa: But if this is all we have, we might sell out pretty quickly~. Judging from the pictures online, it looks like the vendors prepare a fairly large amount of items.
Misaki: Now that you mention it, this might not be enough...
Lisa: Shall we increase our stock a bit then? I think it'd be really fun to teach each other our favorite handicrafts while we're at it.
Eve: I agree! I want to try needle felting! Misaki-san, please teach me!
Tae: Me too. I've just got to make Oddie.
Misaki: Ah, okay, sure. That was what we were planning in the first place anyway. Should we try it all together then?
