event93-05 Chapter 4: Workshop With Friends

Everyone pitches in to increase their item stock, with each person producing their own unique goods.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Lisa: Hey, Misaki~. These two parts won't stay together. What should I do? Could you show me how to do it?
Misaki: Ah, you need to add a little more felt to where you want to join them. Then, put the needle in through both sides.
Lisa: Um, in that case... maybe this is enough blue felt? Then like this, through both sides...
Misaki: Yeah, sounds good. As long as you do that, it should stay together.
Lisa: Thank you♪ ... Oh, you were right. It feels more stable than before!
Misaki: Are you making a rose, by chance?
Lisa: You can tell?! I was thinking of adding more petals onto it~.
Misaki: A blue rose. It's very you, Lisa-san.
Lisa: Fufu~♪ I know it sounds difficult, but everything's a challenge! Alright! I'm definitely going to finish it~!
Eve: Excuse me, Misaki-san. I want to attach a sword to this hand part here, how should I do it?
Misaki: I see, so you're making a samurai after all, Wakamiya-san.
Eve: Carrying out one's original intent is the bushido way!
Misaki: Well, with these kinds of things, I think it's best to make what you want.
Misaki: Um, okay... Ah. I think you should put the needle through its arm, then attach the sword with it. Do you wanna try and do it together?
Eve: Yes! Thank you!
Kaoru: Tae-chan. What is it you're making with that clay there?
Tae: This is a carrot. I was thinking of making Oddie hold it.
Kaoru: Oddie holding a carrot... The mere image of it in my mind is ever so fleeting.
Kaoru: Fufu, thanks to you Tae-chan, I have the sudden urge to create. My apologies, but could you bear to part with some of your clay?
Tae: Yeah, sure. You should also knead it before you start sculpting. It'll make it less likely to crack. What're you gonna make, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: I, of course, will make something ever so fleeting. Fleeting enough to capture this very moment.
Tae: I wonder what that means. Can't wait to see it!
Lisa: Looks like Tae and Kaoru are on board now too. Let's do our best everyone!
(Black cut)

[2 Hours Later]

Lisa: Now I just have to put this together~... Alright. Yeah, I think I'm done.
Lisa: Phew~, that was intense~.
Misaki: Lisa-san, you even stopped talking halfway through. You were just silently stitching away.
Lisa: Ah, sorry. I was so into it.
Misaki: No, it's fine. I was also pretty quiet.
Lisa: Just as I thought, you're really good at knitting, Misaki! I only showed you a few things, but you got them right away. You're a natural.
Misaki: I think you're a natural at needle felting too, Lisa-san. That rose is really good. It's hard to believe this was your first attempt.
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks. But maybe it's because we had a good teacher. See, Eve's samurai is quite good too.
Eve: Misaki-san, please look at this! I attached the sword firmly!
Misaki: Ah, you sure did. He really looks like a warrior now!
Tae: We've made quite a lot of ornaments over here. Now we just have to paint them.
Eve: Wow~, there are so many rabbits! They're enjoyable to look at too. Some of them are sleeping, and some of them are eating carrots!
Kaoru: I, too, have completed my pieces... Behold.
Misaki: Huh? What are those, Kaoru-san? I remember you saying you were going to make something fleeting... Are they, uh, faces?
Kaoru: Fufu. These are all of your smiling faces. Your expressions were ever so fleeting as you worked away at your creations.
Misaki: O-our faces...? Hey, Kaoru-san... I told you, I feel kind of embarrassed when you say things like that...
Kaoru: There's nothing to be embarrassed about. I just said what I felt.
Misaki: That might be the case, but still...
Lisa: But I think Kaoru's right. We actually had a lot of fun doing this.
Lisa: We don't often get the chance to start new hobbies, so this was a really good opportunity.
Lisa: Let's keep making more stock, right up until the day of the market☆
Eve: I agree! I want to make even more different kinds of things!
Kaoru: Then I shall instruct you in the art of poetry next. Does anyone care to listen?
Misaki: Ahh, that's right. I'd forgotten about your poems... I suppose... we listen to a few?
Lisa: I don't get this kind of chance very often, so, personally, I would love to hear them!
Misaki: Hahaha, Lisa-san is actually interested... Remember, it's stitching words together, not fabric.
Lisa: I know, I know. Don't remind me, I'd almost forgotten about that~.
Misaki: Alright then, Kaoru-san. Let's hear it.
Kaoru: Fufu, very well, let's begin with the definition of "fleeting." There is an infinite variety of ways one can feel fleetingness, which, of course, differ from person to person. In other words...
Misaki: (I never thought I'd be able to talk with Lisa-san like this... Maybe I should brag about this to Ichigaya-san tomorrow?)
