event93-06 Chapter 5: Open For Business!

The day of the crafts market has arrived. Lisa has prepared a clever work schedule.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[The Day of the Event]

[Handmade Market]

Misaki: Um, let's line up the keychains around here... Lisa-san, should I display the scarves here like this?
Lisa: Hm~, if you fold them like that, we'll have to tidy them up again every time a customer looks at them. It might be better to just tie them in loops...
Misaki: I see. That's a good point.
Eve: Lisa-san! Is it okay if I put the pouches in this case?
Lisa: Ooo~, that'd be good~. How about we line them up in a gradient then? I think that'd be cuter, don't you?
Eve: That is a wonderful idea! Tae-san! Let's do it together!
Tae: Sure. Then I'll start on this side with the lighter colors.
Kaoru: Ohh, our booth is growing more and more fleeting. I took a gander at the other booths around the market, and all of them are magnificently elaborate.
Eve: I want to look at them! Tae-san, Misaki-san! Let's walk around together afterward!
Lisa: Ah, that's right, I almost forgot! I made a schedule for us, so take a look. You're basically free anytime you're not scheduled to run the booth.
Kaoru: Fufu, what excellent execution.
Misaki: You're really too good at planning things.
Lisa: Not really, I'm just used to doing this kind of thing at my part-time job.
Lisa: Okay, we have about thirty minutes left before the market begins. Let's use it to prepare ourselves for the grand opening!
All: Yeah!
(Black cut)
Misaki: Let's display the pouches here~... Yeah, how does that look?
Eve: I think it is great! Ah, may I take a photo? I want to take one before the customers come!
Lisa: Good idea! Thanks, Eve. I want to take one too.
Misaki: You know, our booth turned out pretty well~. Remember, we made all of these ourselves.
Kaoru: What a splendid achievement. This will undoubtedly attract a crowd.
Tae: Especially Lisa-san's pouches. I think they're going to be our top-sellers.
Eve: Yes! I took a lot of photos. Lisa-san, you have such wonderful taste!
Lisa: No, no, I just based them on the one Misaki showed me.
Lisa: There was a pouch with a needle-felted character and some embroidery on it, remember? That one really made an impression on me.
Kaoru: A blue, needle-felted rose. Embroidered ivy surrounding it. It's a very Lisa-like, fleeting pouch.
Misaki: It truly is. I think it's really great. I almost wanna reserve it.
Tae: What? I also wanna reserve it. Should we do... rock paper scissors?
Eve: Ah, if that's the case, let us all get together again to make pouches!
Lisa: Oh~, that's a good idea! Let's do it! And not just pouches, but other things too.
Kaoru: I, too, would like to make something fleeting out of clay again. I look forward to it.
Tae: Then, how about tomorrow?
Misaki: Tomorrow... Hanazono-san, you sure don't waste any time.
Misaki: Besides, we've only just finished setting up the booth, the market hasn't even started yet.
Kaoru: I would disagree, Misaki. We haven't finished setting up.
Misaki: Huh...? Was there something else we needed to do?
Kaoru: May I display my anthologies somewhere around here?
Misaki: Ah, that's right. I'd forgotten about those... Okay then, let's put them over here-
Lisa: U-um actually... Can I also display mine next to them? I did bring it, after all...
Misaki: Huh? You brought what...?
Lisa: U-um, err... This. It's supposed to be a poetry anthology...
Misaki: Huh?! Lisa-san, you made an anthology...?
Lisa: It's not exactly a poetry anthology. It's a collection of the lyrics that I've written up until now... They're just pieces I wrote for Roselia, but I never realized I'd written so many.
Lisa: When I saw Kaoru's anthologies, I thought it might be nice to put them all together like this.
Lisa: It might not be the best, but I put a lot of effort into writing these lyrics, so I kind of wanted to show you all.
Misaki: Whoa~, Lisa-san made an anthology... of lyrics... How interesting...
Eve: I think your anthology sounds very good!
Kaoru: Fufu, why don't you place it here next to mine?
Tae: Can I reserve that too?
Misaki: By the way, Hanazono-san. How many things is that? Haven't you reserved almost everything?
Lisa: Thank you, guys! I hope the customers like it~. Ah, you should all read it too if you want to, when you have the time.
Lisa: Anyhow, now we're ready♪ Let's do our best today!
