event93-07 Ending: A Slight Detour

Lisa and Misaki explore the market on their break, sharing a candid conversation with one another...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai)

[Handmade Market]

Misaki: Ahh~, I'm exhausted~. My feet are so sore from standing. We're getting more customers than we thought, aren't we?
Lisa: You can say that again~. The keychains are almost sold-out, right? Maybe we should've made more.
Misaki: Haha, shall we make a few more next time?
Lisa: Yeah! By the way, Misaki, you're sure into this now~.
Misaki: Ah, I just meant "if" we did it again.
Lisa: Why do you say it like that? I know you want to.
Misaki: Well, it was relatively entertaining, so I guess I'd say there's a sixty-percent chance I'd do it again?
Lisa: Is that right...? You can tell me the truth, c'mon.
Misaki: Maybe... an eighty-percent chance?
Lisa: Ahaha, so you really wanna do it then!
Misaki: Hahaha... Ah, Lisa-san, look over there. The scarves at that booth are pretty cute, don't you think?
Lisa: Huh? Which scarves? Ah! The ones hanging up over there?! Wow, they are really nice!
Misaki: Aren't they? And that one there is a design you'd probably like.
Lisa: And you like those over there, right, Misaki? The woolen hats next to the scarves.
Misaki: Hahaha. Good eye. You're right.
Lisa: Just as I thought. When you make stuff together, you kind of figure out the other person's tastes, don't you?
Misaki: That's true, but I still never imagined you'd make and sell an anthology.
Lisa: Ahahaha, it was quite unexpected. Truth be told, I was even surprised at myself.
Misaki: Huh? Really?
Lisa: Yeah. I've never really had much confidence in my lyrics, but recently I feel like this is changing little by little...
Lisa: I've been thinking that, just maybe, this might be because I've finally accepted the fact that I am a member of Roselia.
Lisa: Anyway, last night, I had the idea to make an anthology and quickly pulled that one together.
Misaki: What? You made it yesterday after all our preparations?
Lisa: I wanted to make it a bit cooler, like Kaoru's, but in the end, I just printed the pages and stapled them together~.
Misaki: I don't think you need to worry about it. The most important part of an anthology is the content anyway. I thought the lyrics you wrote were really great, Lisa-san.
Lisa: Really?!
Misaki: I particularly liked Promise. I read it over so many times.
Misaki: That's the one you all played at the contest to audition for Future World Fes, isn't it?
Lisa: Yeah, it is. That's why I have such an emotional attachment to those lyrics.
Misaki: They are really good lyrics. Good luck at Future World Fes. I'll be cheering you on.
Lisa: Yeah, thanks. It's something we've been working towards for a long time, so I'll give it my all, no regrets.
Misaki: Ah, it's almost time to rotate! Shall we head back to the booth?
Lisa: What? It's that time already?! Ah, you're right! We've got to hurry back.
Lisa: Ah, but first, I have to do one more thing...
Misaki: Huh? Lisa-san...?
Lisa: Can we stop by that booth? I just have to look at that scarf!
Misaki: Ahahahaha. Then I suppose... I could look at the woolen hats just a little bit before we go back, right...?
Lisa: Alright~, let's do it~... Hurry~.
(Black cut)
Lisa: Sorry~, we're here~.
Tae: Lisa-san, you guys are late. Five minutes late~.
Misaki: I'm really sorry! We were just stopping at one more booth, but then Lisa-san...
Kaoru: Oh my, Lisa. Aren't you carrying quite the load?
Lisa: Ahahaha... Well~, I kind of got carried away...
Eve: I understand! There are so many things I want to buy, I cannot decide!
Lisa: What should I do...? I'm probably going to use all my earnings from work this month...
Misaki: ... Pffft. Haha, ahahahaha...
Lisa: Huh? What's wrong, Misaki?
Misaki: Lisa-san, you're not quite as on top of things as I thought. You get weirdly carried away, you make mistakes. There's the whole embroidery thing...
Lisa: Ahh~, are you still going on about that?! Forget about it already~!
(Black cut)
