243_Himari Uehara_R3 Sexy Vampire

<Searching for a Costume>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Maya Yamato)

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Corridor]

Tomoe: Himari, that Halloween thing Kokoro was talking about is today, you know? What are we going to do about our costumes?
Himari: Heh heh heh. I have a great idea!
Tomoe: A great idea...?
Himari: Just follow me! C'mon!
Tomoe: Hey, wait up, Himari...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Drama Club - Club Room]

Himari: Hello~, is anyone here~?
Tomoe: Himari, why are we visiting the drama club...?
Himari: Just wait and see. Hello~!
Maya: Yes? Who is it? ... Oh, hi Uehara-san, Udagawa-san.
Himari: Maya-senpai! You're just who I was looking for!
Maya: What can I do for you? Oh... could it be that... you want to join the drama club?!
Himari: Umm, if it's okay, I was wondering if we could borrow some costumes...
Tomoe: ... Your idea is to borrow costumes from the drama club for us to wear?
Maya: Umm, I'm not entirely sure I follow. Would you mind explaining?
Himari: We're going to take part in a Halloween event today! We agreed that we would dress up for it, but...
Himari: Well, the whole thing was decided just last night, so...
Maya: Ahh, I get it. That's why you're here to borrow some of our costumes. Okay, you can borrow whatever isn't being used.
Tomoe: Are you sure it's not a problem...?
Maya: It's no problem at all. The unused costumes really never get used again, so they're just kept in storage.
Maya: They're kind of just going to waste. I'm sure the costumes would be happier with someone wearing them!
Himari: Thank you so much, Maya-senpai!
Maya: The costumes are all kept in these closets here, so feel free to take a look.
Tomoe: The number of closets alone is amazing. How are we going to go about this...
Maya: True, it's a little overwhelming, isn't it? How about I pick some out for you?
Maya: Hmm, let's see. What would suit you two best...?
Himari: Maya-senpai, do you have any matching outfits? I was thinking it'd be nice if we could wear something like that.
Maya: Okay! In that case... try this closet.
Himari: Can I look too?
Maya: Of course! There's no need to be shy!
Himari: Wow~! Tomoe, look at this! There's so many amazing costumes!
Tomoe: These are impressive... It's going to be hard to choose.
Maya: Our drama club performs all kinds of plays. When they finish, all of the costumes end up here and they just keep piling up.
Maya: It's really hard to keep track of everything, so I wish we could be a bit more on top of it...
Tomoe: True, our drama club is quite serious and they have a high standard for their costumes, so I can imagine it getting hectic in here.
Himari: Of course! The drama club is home to Kaoru-senpai and Maya-senpai, after all!
Himari: ... Ahh~! Check this one out, Tomoe! I wanna wear this~!
Maya: Umm, this is...
Tomoe: These fangs... Is this a vampire costume?
Himari: Yeah, I think so! It's so cute, don't you think~? It's totally Halloween!
Tomoe: That's true, but... don't you think it's a little... revealing?
Maya: Ahaha, it definitely is one of the more exciting outfits...
Himari: But I really wanna wear this! Please, Tomoe!
Tomoe: I'm not even sure this will suit me...
Himari: Don't worry! You'll look great! I really wanna see what you'll look like in this!
Maya: True, I'm kind of curious too~!
Himari: Right? Right~? Even Maya-senpai thinks so! C'mon, Tomoe~!
Tomoe: *sigh*... You're not going to let up, are you, Himari...? *sigh*... Fine, I'll wear it.
Tomoe: Maya-senpai. Sorry, but, would you mind if we borrowed these outfits?
Maya: Of course not!
Himari: Thank you so much, Maya-senpai! We'll take good care of them!
Himari: Okay, Tomoe! Let's turn into vampires and enjoy Halloween♪
Himari: Let's go, hey, hey hoh~!


<First Middle School Halloween>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Mmm~♪ This is delicious~!
Himari: ... Oh, {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Himari: No club activities or band practice for me today, so I'm chilling out on my own~!
Himari: What about you, {{userName}}-san? Oh, you're on your way to work~.
Himari: Getting a coffee before going to work is so mature.
Himari: But the coffee here is really good, so it's hard to stay away, right?
Himari: Oh, the cakes are delicious too!
Himari: {{userName}}-san, why don't you sit with me~. Let's have some cake together!
Himari: Yay! Okay, take a seat♪ Here's the cake menu~!
Himari: I wonder what one I should get next~. Oh, they have a seasonal pumpkin tart!
Himari: It's the last little bit of Halloween! Okay~, I'm getting this next♪
Himari: What are you going to get, {{userName}}-san? Oh, you think the pumpkin tart sounds good too? Let's both get one then!
Himari: Oh, speaking of Halloween, let me tell you something!
Himari: We had a Halloween event the other day!
Himari: And since it was Halloween, we all wore costumes for the event!
Himari: Can you guess what I dressed up as~?
Himari: The answer is... a vampire! And guess what else! Even Tomoe dressed up as well.
Himari: She wasn't really into it in the beginning, but I managed to convince her! Ehehe♪
Himari: But because of the costume, I got to see a new side to Tomoe! It was sooo much fun♪
Himari: I thought I knew everything about her because we've been friends since childhood, but...
Himari: The Tomoe I saw at Halloween was totally new to me, like the way she acted and the expression on her face, so it was really nice.
Himari: I really wasn't expecting sparks to fly between her and Yukina-san though...
Himari: I really have to thank Kokoro for coming up with the event!
Himari: Do you wear a costume when Halloween comes around, {{userName}}-san?
Himari: It was the second time for me to dress up like this.
Himari: ... Mind you, the first time was a super-simple costume though...
Himari: It was when I was in the first year of middle school. We decided to do something for Halloween.
Himari: Tsugu, Moca, and I just put on capes for our costumes.
Himari: Ran and Tomoe... came to the meeting place in their usual clothes.
Himari: I begged them again and again to wear capes too, but they both said it wouldn't suit them and the didn't budge.
Himari: But this time... Tomoe actually wore a proper costume♪
Himari: Back then... she was so stubborn about not wearing a costume, but this time she did... I guess it means she's changed since then.
Himari: We weren't even in the band together in first year of middle school...
Himari: It's been a few years since then, so I guess it's natural that she's changed.
Himari: But... if you asked me if I think she'd dress up every year from now, then I'd probably say I doubt it~.
Himari: Tomoe aside, I seriously doubt Ran would dress up for Halloween even now...
Himari: By the way, what kind of costume do you think would suit Tomoe and Ran?
Himari: I really wanna see those two dressed up as maids~.
Himari: Do you think they'd dress up next year if I asked them to? I guess it's probably asking too much...
Himari: Ahh, I can already imagine them screwing up their faces and saying no.
Himari: Nope, nope, stop thinking about it! Some things just don't come across unless you put it into words, after all!
Himari: I'll try asking them when Halloween comes around next year!
Himari: I'll have to start thinking of a plan so that they don't just say no again like they did in middle school!
Himari: Ehehe, you think I'm positive? Well, it's not like anything good comes from being negative!
Himari: I only wanna imagine a bright future, you know?
Himari: I'm talking your ears off, huh? C'mon, let's order our cakes!
Himari: Excuse me~! Could we have two pumpkin tarts? Thank you~!
