292_Himari Uehara_R3 A Special Place

Gacha phrase: What do you guys think about all of us taking a picture together?

<Himari the Mood Maker>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

[Hanegaoka Girls' Academy - Class 1-A]

Ran: ... Hrm~.
Moca: Ran, how's it going? Any good phrases pop into your head~?
Ran: ... Does it look like they have?
Moca: Ooh~... Sounds like an extra tough cookie this time~.
Himari: Moca~! Stop bugging Ran~!
Himari: We're not making just another song that we're gonna go and play this time, you know? It's a song for Pastel＊Palettes, so it's no surprise she's having a tough time~!
Moca: So are you thinking about the song too, Hii-chan?
Moca: We're supposed to be working on this one together~.
Himari: O-of course I've been thinking about it!
Himari: B-but, I think my job is probably making it easier for you and Ran to come up with ideas and stuff... I guess?
Himari: If we all work together, we should be able to come up with something, good, right?
Moca: Oh~, did you hear that, Ran? Hii-chan's gonna make things easier for us.
Moca: I wonder what she's gonna do for us~. Can you wait to find out, Ran~?
Moca: Maybe she'll go buy us something to drink~. Hey, Ran. Try asking her to do something~.
Himari: I told you, Moca! Ran is trying really hard to concentrate, so stop bugging her!
Ran: Uhh... Himari. You're being really loud. Could you keep it down?
Himari: I-I'm the problem?!
Moca: Ahaha~, Hii-chan got in trouble~.
Himari: Hmph~!
Ran: Oh... by the way, Himari.
Himari: Hm? What's up? Is there anything I can do?
Ran: What's Aya-san like when she sings? If I can visualize her, I might be able to come up with some phrases.
Himari: Huh? Aya-san when she sings? She's got the whole idol thing going... All sparkly and bubbly~...
Moca: Oh, I know. Hii-chan, do an impersonation of Aya-san~. It'll make it easier for Ran to visualize her~.
Himari: Whaaat~?! You want me to impersonate Aya-san~?!
Moca: She has those poses and stuff, right? Do one of those and Ran will have a better idea.
Himari: N-no way~! I'm too embarrassed!
Moca: Hii-chan... were you lying just now when you said it's your job to make it easier for us to come up with ideas...?
Himari: N-no! I wasn't lying at all~! ... F-fine, I just have to do an impression and you'll be happy, right...?
Moca: Ahaha~, okay, Hii-chan. Anytime you're ready.
Himari: ... A-always vibrant with shining color, I'm Pastel＊Palettes' pretty pink charm, Aya!
Moca: ...
Himari: Hey, say something!
Moca: ... Well, Ran? Come up with anything?
Ran: ... Uh, sorry. I missed it.
Himari: H-hey~! Could you at least watch~?!
Moca: Hii-chan, I'm sad to say but Ran wasn't watching, so... could you do it one more time?
Himari: No way!
Moca: But you were the one who said you were gonna make it easier for us to think of things, right Hii-chan~?
Himari: I did, but~! I mean, Ran wasn't even paying attention~!
Ran: I won't miss it this time. I'm watching.
Himari: ... H-hmph~, okay, fine~!
Himari: ... A-always vibrant with shining color, I'm Pastel＊Palettes' pretty pink charm, Aya!
Ran & Moca: ... Fufu, ahahaha!
Ran: Hahaha... Oh man, Himari... You sounded just like her, haha...
Himari: H-hey~! You guys are so mean! You just made me do this for fun~!
Ran: Haha... Thanks, Himari... I've got the feeling I can come up with something now.
Himari: R-really?! I guess that's okay then.
Ran: If you do it one more time... good ideas will rain from the sky... I think...
Himari: I'm so not doing it~~~!


<Empathy?>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Himari: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Himari: Are you here to do some shopping?
Himari: ... Oh, I see. You're really hardworking, {{userName}}~♪
Himari: Oh, you don't have to be so humble~.
Himari: ... Huh? Me? I'm here to buy... a book.
Himari: ... Umm, well... it's a book about idols.
Himari: W-wait! I-it's not like I want to be an idol now or anything, okay?
Himari: The truth is, something came up and we had to go to Pastel＊Palettes' talent agency!
Himari: ... Yeah! Naturally, I'd never been to a place like that~!
Himari: Oh my god, you have no idea how nervous I was...!
Himari: ... Nope. I didn't get to see any celebrities that I knew, unfortunately...
Himari: ... You think I'm just jumping on the bandwagon, don't you?
Himari: But if you went to a place like that, I guarantee you'd be doing the same as me!
Himari: It's like, just so different to where we normally go...
Himari: Yeah! I guess it felt like, mature...?
Himari: That's what it is.
Himari: The truth is, something came up and we had to go to  Pastel＊Palettes' talent agency!
Himari: Aya-san and the others were like, so professional!
Himari: Oh my god, I was so amazed!
Himari: They even practice the things they're going to say on stage between songs!
Himari: And even though they're just rehearsing, they still try to be conscious of the audience!
Himari: We've never even considered doing anything like that!
Himari: ... After that, they told us about what happened when they formed Pastel＊Palettes~.
Himari: I don't know how to describe it... It was just, really dramatic...
Himari: I hadn't even stopped to consider that they'd gone through something like that!
Himari: I mean, they're literally always smiling, right?
Himari: So much painstaking hard work is hidden behind those smiles!
Himari: After I found out, I...
Himari: Like, lots of things have happened with Afterglow too, but I think they're different kinds of things...
Himari: ... Oh, I'm sorry. I feel like I'm gonna cry just thinking about it...
Himari: Anyway, after I found about what Pastel＊Palettes have been through, I started wondering if  it was the same for other idols that we can see on TV and stuff.
Himari: They only show us happy smiles, but I think they've all had to work really hard and go through tough things!
Himari: Now that I know all this, just seeing an idol on TV makes me tear up now...
Himari: The music shows are a given, but I cry when they're on talk shows and stuff too!
Himari: I mean, I even cried when I saw an idol in a commercial the other day...
Himari: I've been crying so much lately that my mom is starting to get worried.
Himari: Oh my god, it's so bad~...
Himari: At this rate, it's just going to get worse and worse, so I decided to buy a book on idols and learn more about them.
Himari: Don't you think that if I do that I might be able to stop crying whenever I go and imagine something about them?
Himari: ... Huh? ... What will I do if I read something even more dramatic than what happened to Pastel＊Palettes?
Himari: Ohh! I hadn't even thought of that!
Himari: O-oh no, what am I gonna do if that actually happens~?!
Himari: I'll never be able to watch TV again~!
Himari: ... Ah! I know! Could you buy an idol book and read it instead of me and let me know if it's super dramatic or not?!
Himari: D-don't be like that! C'mon, please~!
