345_Himari Uehara_R2 Rock and Glow

<Thorough Investigation!>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Himari: Ran~! Look! This is awesome~!
Ran: Himari? What are you doing in this classroom?
Himari: I just had to tell you something! It's about online shopping!
Himari: Isn't this site amazing? The pictures are endless, and it's easy to browse because you can search by style! Tsugu just told me about it~.
Ran: She also told me about it yesterday. She said it would be helpful for creating our new outfits.
Himari: W-wait... You already knew about it...? I came running for nothing~.
Himari: W-well, while I'm here, let's look at it together!
Ran: Fine with me... What about your clubs though?
Himari: We don't have any activities today! I'm totally free~. What about you? Are you busy?
Ran: ... No, I'm cool, but was there a specific style you wanted to look at?
Himari: Rock and roll! Tsugu and I were looking at the goth stuff earlier~.
Ran: Really? Okay, we should start from this page then, right...? Ah, the items they have are a little different from when I last looked at it.
Himari: Ohh~, so they're always updating. Wow...
Himari: Ah, I saw an actress wearing this shirt on TV before! Wait... Maybe not. But it looks exactly the same~! What do you think, Ran?
Ran: How should I know...?
Himari: You should~! It's a super interesting, detective show! Oh, I think I saw this jacket on there too~!
Himari: And this one's like the main character's stole! Ehehe, this is so much fun~.
Ran: ... Himari, did you forget why we're looking at this site?
Himari: O-of course not! I remember! I thought this could help us come up with something!
Ran: ...
Himari: Ngh, I'll get right to it~... Searching~... Ah! Ran, take a look at this! Isn't it so cool?!
Ran: Which one? ... Ohh, the collections page?
Himari: Yeah! The fourth one from the top! The black leather has a nice grown-up feeling to it.
Himari: Ehhehe~. I wonder if it's too sexy though... Nope, no way! This type of thing is perfect for being on stage!
Ran: Yeah, it's not bad, but... it's crazy expensive.
Himari: No way! One zero, two zeros, three zeros... What?! This is way too much!
Ran: I don't think I have to explain how unlikely we are to be able to buy this...
Himari: Yeah~... Ohh~, I wonder if the accessories are the reason the price is so high.
Ran: Probably. It looks like almost all of these that come as a set are expensive.
Himari: Oh, r-really? I wasn't looking at the price...
Ran: ... You weren't... looking at the price...?
Ran: Why don't you check out the other ones? Chances are they cost about the same.
Himari: Huh...? Y-you're right... I didn't think they would be so expensive~!
Himari: Aw man~, there's no way we could buy this. And I thought I finally found something good.
Himari: Ah, I know! What if we buy stuff that looks like this, put a couple of things together, and just make our own version?
Himari: We can get chains from a store downtown~, and I saw a jacket that looks like this one at the mall the other day!
Ran: ... You know, I'm thinking we should stick to coming up with the outfit on our own.
Ran: There's no point if we're just copying someone. I think wearing something we didn't come up with would have me thinking, I wish we made these ourselves...
Ran: And I'd get this feeling that says this isn't us.
Himari: ... Oh... Yeah, I see why you'd say that. It'd be... Because these new outfits took a lot of effort, and they're for us and only us...! That's why. Right?
Himari: Alright~, then we're gonna look at some magazines too! I'm sure ones like The Art of Mix and Match will really help!
Himari: And since we're doing that, I have to head to my classroom! I'll go see what we have!
Ran: Your classroom? Why not the bookstore?
Himari: Kids in my class bring a lot of magazines to our classroom, so we have a lot of different ones there~.
Ran: I see... Uhm, I'd like to look as well. Mind if I join you?
Himari: Of course not! Let's make this the best outfit we can, Ran!!


<The Face of Our Band>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE - Café]

Himari: ... Sigh...
Marina: Good afternoon, Himari-chan. Mind if we sit next to you?
Himari: Wah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san?! Hey~! There's no one sitting here! Please, feel free!
Marina: Thank you. So, Himari-chan, what was that sigh all about?
Himari: Oh, no! It's nothing! I was just thinking about our new outfits...
Marina: New outfits? For your band?
Himari: Yeah, that's right~! We wanted to get a fresh start by changing things up!
Marina: Really?! This is my first time hearing this! Hey, it looks like... you knew already, huh?
Himari: {{userName}}-san, you heard about it from Ran, right~?!
Himari: Yes, I hope you're looking forward to it! We're gonna make this one a real knockout! Even better than the ones we wear now!
Himari: You mean the outfits? Uhh, we were talking about how we wanted them to have more of a sense of unity...
Himari: Ehehe! That's right! With new outfits, our bond will become even stronger~!
Himari: So we decided that we would all come up with something we like on our own and then come back together, but...
Himari: I... can't think of anything good... Sigh, what do I do~...?
Marina: So that's why you were sighing. I know you said you want unity, but have you decided on a concept yet?
Himari: I still have to come up with that too~! I have no idea which direction I should go with...
Himari: Hm...? Think about all of the others? Our costumes... are like the face of the band...?
Himari: Ohhh~... If I do that, I can think of something fitting for each member, and it would end up being an outfit that works for us!
Himari: Ehehe~! Thank you so much, {{userName}}-san, Marina-san!
Himari: Here we go~! Time to remember everything I know about them~!!
