497_Himari Uehara_R3 Frozen in Time

<Small Memories>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: What?! This day is no good either?! Okay~... What about next Saturday?
Moca: I'm free on that day~.
Tsugumi: Looks like... I am too! Eve-chan is supposed to be here by one o'clock on that day, so I should have no problem!
Himari: Roger that! 'Kay, I'll mark that date for now. Be sure to let everyone know if your plans change!
Tsugumi: Yep! Thanks for always taking care of this for us, Himari-chan!
Tsugumi: Everything is so much easier when you're keeping our calendar up to date!
Himari: Ehehe~. I'm glad to hear it!
Moca: I agree that it's helpful, Hii-chan, but you update it with more than just calendar-related stuff. A lot more~.
Himari: Huh? I do?
Moca: Look at this: "Tsugu makes a mistake and orders black coffee." It's like you're writing a diary here.
Himari: I-I thought it might be nice to write something every now and then!
Moca: You say 'every now and then', but just last night, you wrote "Ran taught us about great burnets! A happy occasion for sure!" That was your "calendar" update.
Himari: Ngh...
Moca: My phone is buzzing non-stop~. This does not make Moca-chan's life easier.
Himari: D-does this bother you too, Tsugu...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I suppose it is easy to miss other notifications when I get too many... B-but it doesn't happen that often!
Himari: Ohhh, I'm sorry.
Moca: Calendars and diaries are two different things, got it~?
Himari: H-hey, sometimes you write things that have nothing to do with your schedule too though, don't you?
Moca: What~? I only write stuff related to my plans~. And it's all very important.
Himari: Okay, then how do you explain this?! "Yamabuki Bakery, triple-point day." That's neither important nor a part of your schedule!
Moca: No no no, that is an extremely essential entry. You just don't understand~.
Himari: Hmph! You're right! I don't get it! ... Sigh, welp, I guess just the fact that you write things down is good enough~. If I don't say something to Tomoe, she'd never get around to it.
Moca: Ran has never even updated hers~.
Himari: Tell me about it~! Did you make sure to show her how to use it?
Moca: Of course I did. And it was a thorough lesson at that.
Himari: S-something tells me I should be worried... But now that I'm thinking about it, Tsugu's the only one who really knows what she's doing.
Tsugumi: Huh? Really? Seems pretty straightforward to me...
Himari: "4 P.M. - Student council meeting!" "1 P.M. - Switch out with Eve-chan at the store!" These entries really feel like a schedule!
Moca: If only you could learn from her, Hii-chan~.
Himari: I-I'm doing just fine!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... You know, I like your posts, Himari-chan. I enjoy seeing them.
Himari: You do?! Which ones?!
Tsugumi: Let's see... Here it is! This one, for example!
Moca: I think our performance today might have been the best one yet! Oh yeah~. You hardly ever see it, but even Ran was fired up that day.
Tsugumi: That's exactly it! It's like you can look through these and remember those joyful times, no?
Himari: Tsugu~! You totally get it~! This kind of thing is so valuable to us! Our "same as always" includes the little stuff too.
Moca: Ohhh, okay~. Hii-chan, you truly have the mind of a leader. To think you were considering that when you wrote these.
Himari: Ehehe... That's not really where my mind was when I decided to post them.
Moca: Well, shouldn't you write this moment down? This diary is precious to us, or something like that, right?
Himari: You got it! Here, I'll write this...
Tsugumi: To remember the day that Moca recognized the importance of my posts!!! You hear that? Fufu!
Moca: Hey~, that's not what I meant~. You'll embarrass me if you write that~.
Himari: Aww~, c'mon! This is a memory to be treasured along with the rest!


<Together, However We Change>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Oh? Isn't that Himari-chan over there? Himari-chan~!
Himari: Ah, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san! Out for a day of shopping?
Marina: Well, just looking for the usual stuff really. What about you?
Himari: I'm here to buy this actually... I'm deciding right now!
Marina: "The True Makings of a Leader"...? This is a business book, isn't it? Are you gonna start your own company, Himari-chan?!
Himari: Huh?! N-no way! Something happened recently that's got me thinking...
Marina: Does it have to do with Afterglow?
Himari: Y-yes. But it started after we had a hard time getting the meaning from these lyrics Ran wrote for us...
Marina: What?! Not even the members of Afterglow understood?
Himari: Nope, and this was the first time it ever happened. At first, I thought that maybe something was bothering her, or that she wasn't feeling well, but that wasn't it.
Himari: It wasn't that anything was wrong. It was that Ran had changed. And she did it so we could keep being a band. She dealt with flower arranging and her dad head-on, and she moved forward.
Himari: I hadn't realized that yet though, and I went and said something really inconsiderate to her...
Marina: Yeah, I think because you're all childhood friends, you can get too close and end up not noticing stuff.
Himari: That might be true. I think we also convinced ourselves that Afterglow was something that would stay the same forever.
Himari: But we all talked, and we decided that we wanted to keep being "the same as always," even if we changed. I've been thinking about what I can do to make that happen.
Himari: I decided I would do everything in my ability to keep our same-as-always Afterglow together, even if we all became different people.
Marina: Fufu, and that's why you thought about reading this business book?
Himari: Yep. Ran went ahead and did what she could, and she grew. Now I gotta learn from her and do the same!
Himari: When I tried reading it though, it was too hard for me to understand any of it... Ehehe.
Marina: Trying to change overnight is pretty difficult. It's not like Ran-chan did it all at once, did she?
Himari: Oh...! Yeah, you're right.
Himari: And I was saying I wanted us to keep our "same as always," so I can't suddenly go changing myself, can I?!
Marina: Either way, I think it's lovely that you're working so hard so that you girls can stick together! I'm sure {{userName}}-san agrees too, right?
Himari: Ehehe, but of course I am! I am the leader of Afterglow, you know!
