524_Himari Uehara_R3 High Energy!

<The Ever-Growing Circle>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Himari: Ah~!  That was so much fun!
Rimi: It really was. And I got so much candy too~!
Lisa: Same here! We should all hang out again sometime~!
Himari: Ah, in that case, why don't we make a group chat? It'll be a lot easier to get together then!
Lisa: Good point! Contacting everyone individually and trying to coordinate schedules can be a real pain!
Lisa: Making a group chat right from the beginning will make it way easier!
Himari: Once we've got it set up, why don't we figure out our plans for next time? I don't know where to start~! What do you guys wanna do?
Lisa: Let me think~... Ah, what about that café one station over? I heard they recently renovated and are just reopening now!
Himari: Ah~, I've been wanting to go there too! That's perfect! I'm so curious about their desserts~.
Rimi: H-Himari-chan and Lisa-san are... really excited.
Arisa: Yeah... I can't follow anything they're saying~.
Ran: Me either...
Rimi: I wish I was more like you, Himari-chan. I always think of all these things I want to do... but I never actually do them...
Himari: Ehehe~. I bet I get it from being the band's leader.
Himari: You just gotta keep the energy going, that's all! If you overthink stuff, it gets to be more trouble than it's worth, and you don't want to do it anymore!
Lisa: Exactly. Which is why we should figure out our plans now!
Arisa: But where should we start...?
Himari: We can worry about the details later, so let's just figure out what we wanna do!
Lisa: We're already going to the café, so... how about we go shopping after that?
Himari: That's a great idea! We can find all sorts of cute outfits together!
Ran: Don't we all have different tastes, though?
Lisa: That's the point! Everyone has their own fashion sense, so this is our chance to shop for all sorts of styles!
Rimi: I-I see...
Himari: There. The group chat's all set up!
Lisa: If we're going to look at clothes, why don't we invite Eve? She's a model, so she's got a great eye for fashion. I've wanted to go shopping with her for a while~.
Himari: What a great idea! Alright, I'll invite Eve-chan to our group!
Lisa: Isn't Moca into clothes with a more casual feel to them? She's always asking where I get stuff.
Himari: Then I'll add Moca too... There.
Himari: Who else is there~...? Didn't Tsugu say she was curious about that café too?
Ran: Ah, yeah, I think she did.
Himari: Alright, added!
Arisa: H-hold on... You keep adding more and more people to this group. I thought it was just going to be the five of us...
Himari: Hm~, That's what we were going to do, but this is an opportunity to hang out with these people too! The more the merrier, right?
Arisa: I-I suppose so... I'm just wondering if we'll be able to work with everyone's schedules...
Rimi: Will the café even have a place for all of us...?
Himari: Like I said, we'll worry about the details later!
Lisa: Ah, Aya just got added! Someone must have added her~.
Ran: Ah... Looks like Moca added Tomoe.
Himari: Oho, with that, all of Afterglow is here! We should invite everyone from Poppin'Party too!
Arisa: What...?
Himari: Ah! Can I invite Kaoru-senpai?!
Rimi: Yes, please do!
Ran: Tomoe's asking "Hey, are we doing another group concert? What's this group for?"
Arisa: Ooo... I wish I knew.
Lisa: Oh, Ako added Rinko too! Nice job, Ako~!
Arisa: Now we have even more people... At this rate, we'll have all the bands together.
Himari: Wow! Kaoru-senpai accepted my request! She's asking if it's okay to invite the rest of Hello, Happy World! "Of course♡" Sent!
Arisa: Th-this is getting a little out of hand... Where the heck are we going to go with this many people?!
Rimi: Th-that's Himari-chan for you. Once she's got an idea... She goes for it.


<We're So Similar>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Downtown]

Himari: Huh? Who could that be?
Himari: Ah, a message from Rimi. Wow~, those pancakes look so good! Where's this from?
Himari: The café at the neighboring station, huh? Ah, maybe I should send her pictures of the cake shop I went to the other day...
Marina: Huh? It's Himari-chan.  Hey~, Himari-chan~!
Himari: Oh~, that's Rimi for you. She already knew about this place, huh? She really knows her stuff~.
Marina: Himari-chan? Himari-chan!
Himari: Huh?! M-Marina-san?! And {{userName}}-san too?!
Marina: We've been trying to get your attention this whole time, you know. Looks like you were distracted by that phone of yours.
Himari: I-I'm so sorry! I was talking with Rimi, and I guess I zoned out.
Marina: Fufu, we could tell. You were just standing all by yourself on the street corner.
Marina: I didn't know you and Rimi-chan were friends.
Himari: We are now! Lisa-senpai invited me and Ran to go shopping with her, Arisa, and Rimi the other day.
Himari: We exchanged numbers then, so now we're messaging each other all the time! Rimi and I actually have a lot in common, so our conversations are always really lively.
Marina: Now that's a shocker. You two seem so different.
Himari: We both have big sisters and play the bass. And once we started talking, we realized we actually have a lot of the same interests too.
Himari: Like how we both like sweets and are fans of Kaoru-senpai!
Himari: We'll tell each other about different sweet shops we've been to, and she'll give me recommendations on what to get at the convenience store. Other times, we talk about Kaoru-senpai...
Himari: Once we get started though, it's hard to stop. I've almost been late to practice before.
Marina: I can see that. It's easy to get carried away when you're talking about stuff you like~.
Himari: Isn't it?! I'm so glad you two understand!
Marina: Oh yeah, we get it. Although, being distracted by your phone in public can be dangerous, you know.
Himari: Ahaha... I'll be careful!
Marina: Still, it's gotta be pretty hard to find a friend you can talk to like that, so make sure you treasure her, okay?
Himari: Of course! You know, before this, I didn't know what Rimi was like...
Himari: I never thought she'd be someone I can talk to about all the things I love~♪
Himari: She's such a nice person too! She can be a bit of an airhead, but that just makes her even cuter!
Marina: I bet seeing a Hello, Happy World! concert with her would be extra special.
Himari: Ah...! You're right! It would be! Nice idea, Marina-san!
Himari: A Hello, Happy World! concert with my fellow Kaoru-senpai fan...! What a perfect way to spend the day!
Himari: I need to invite Rimi right away! Ah, before that, I should see when Hello, Happy World! has their next concert!
Himari: I'll head over to CiRCLE and check the schedule! See you guys later~!
