789_Himari Uehara_R3 Understanding Art

Gacha phrase: Sorry, but I just have to be there for my friends!

<No Exaggeration, No Hesitation>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Himari: Oh~, this is tough~! I can't decide~.
Moca: Hii-chan, you've said that five times now~.
Himari: But it's hard to choose when they both look so cute~.
Himari: This bag has such a nice color and shape. I fell in love with it at first sight.
Himari: But this limited edition one will be gone forever if I don't buy it now~.
Himari: Oh~, what should I do~?!
Moca: Just pick one and be done with it~.
Himari: No way! Moca, wouldn't you have trouble choosing between a new style of bun and a limited edition one?
Moca: Hm~, I'd probably buy them both~.
Himari: I wouldn't be in this mess if I could do that~... My allowance is almost gone for this month.
Moca: Hii-chan, your allowance is always "almost gone~."
Himari: Ooo... Not much I can say to that...
Moca: In any case, whining like a baby won't solve anything, so why don't we go take a break~?
Himari: I-I'm not a baby~! But you're right... I should take a step back and clear my head.
Himari: I know! We should try out that trendy cafe I found the other day~. A nice drink should help!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Aww~! Why did they have to be closed today of all days~?!
Moca: Baby Hii-chan makes her return~.
Moca: Besides, I think a place like this is a much better hangout spot for us.
Himari: Ooh... Yeah, I guess you have a point. But still, I wonder why things never work out for me~.
Moca: It's all part of the complete Hii-chan package~.
Himari: That's not a compliment, is it...?
Moca: I wouldn't say that~. I can remember all sorts of times when your Hii-chan-ness came to our rescue~.
Moca: Why, just the other day, you were so focused on helping me that you didn't get your homework done~.
Himari: That was... unavoidable. After all, you guys are way more important to me!
Moca: And that's what makes you Hii-chan~... Let me know the next time that happens. I'll help you out~.
Himari: You don't mind?! You know, I still haven't finished that report due tomorrow...
Moca: Very well, that will cost you three buns.
Himari: I have to pay?! Hm...? What's this?
Moca: Hmmm~? Your phone is vibrating~.
Himari: A message from Ran in the band group chat. She sent some pictures of... flowers? She's asking which ones are better. It must be for her flower arranging.
Moca: ...
Himari: Moca?
Moca: Personally, I'd go with the white ones. See, the petals are all fluffy like buns, don't you think?
Himari: All you think about is buns... Oh well, I'm just glad you're acting the same as always!
Moca: Glad to hear that you're glad~. Especially since you invited me out to cheer me up.
Himari: Huh? You figured it out?! Awww, and I tried to be so casual about it~!
Moca: Fufufu~. Moca-chan sees through all trickery~. But thank you~.
Moca: As a reward, I will accompany you all throughout today's shopping extravaganza~.
Himari: Seriously?! I have a ton of other stuff I want to go look at other than that bag!
Himari: Come on, there's no time to waste! Hehehe, where to begin~?
Moca: You can start by replying to Ran's message~. Hii-chan, what's with this sudden burst of energy?
Himari: Fufu, it's because I get to spend a whole day with you. I have to make the most of it!
Moca: Wow, I had no idea you loved me so much~.
Himari: Of course I do! Moca, you're one of my best friends in the whole wide world!


<Ranking Priorities>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Himari: Oooh... There's still so much left... I hope I can get it all done...
Marina: Himari-chan, what's the matter? You keep holding your head in your hands.
Himari: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Help me~!
Himari: I wasn't able to finish my homework in time... So they dumped all these extra assignments on me~.
Marina: Wow... That's a big stack you've got there...
Himari: No matter how much I do, it's barely making a dent... I feel like my brain is melting~...
Marina: I had trouble during my school days too... Did you forget the due date or something?
Himari: No, I didn't forget. I just... had something way more important to take care of!
Marina: Fufu, I see. Students have lives outside of schoolwork, after all.
Marina: Can't you get the rest of Afterglow to help you out?
Himari: Well, about that... The important matter I mentioned earlier was actually related to them...
Himari: And if I were to bring this up, it would probably make them feel guilty...
Marina: I see. You're so considerate, Himari-chan.
Himari: Th-that's not true at all! Besides, I deserve this for not getting my homework done on time...
Marina: Were you able to resolve that important issue?
Himari: Yes, we managed to work through it, but I think it got everyone thinking...
Himari: Up until now, I've always tried my best to do whatever I could for my friends...
Himari: But now I wonder if there wasn't something more I could do.
Himari: Although, if you asked me what that is... I don't know really know yet.
Himari: But I do know I want to be a more reliable person that my friends can count on...
Marina: Fufu, your friends really do mean a lot to you. I think that side of you is wonderful, Himari-chan.
Himari: I just love my friends so, so much!
Himari: So if possible... I'd like to get through this mess without bothering them... Hahaha...
Marina: Well, after that impressive display of friendship, I say we pitch in and give you a hand!
Himari: For real?! Wow, thank you so much~!
Marina: No problem. You guys just got through a rough patch, so it's a shame that you can't enjoy your time with them.
Marina: We'll get your homework done, and then you can bring everyone here for practice.
Himari: Okay! Oh, we're talking about putting on a concert sometime soon! Moca wrote a new song for us! It's pretty different from our usual style, and-
Marina: Hold on, Himari-chan. Chatting is fine, but let's try to focus on your homework.
Himari: Hahaha... You're right... Alright, I'm going to get through this! For my friends and for the band! Hey, hey, hoh~!
