812_Himari Uehara_R4 A Special Design

Gacha phrase: Why don't we take a little break and have some cake or something?

<Design Meeting Part 1>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: That should do it. Is there anything else we need to talk about for the outfits?
Lisa: Let's see~. We already decided on using this shop since it's the fastest and cheapest. Ah, did we get everyone's sizes yet?
Eve: I have asked everyone in Pastel＊Palettes!
Rinko: I'm doing... Roselia...
Ako: Poppin'Party said they need a bit more time!
Himari: Hello, Happy World! said they'd get us their sizes by the end of the day. As for Afterglow, we just need Moca... I'll ask her!
Lisa: Okay! I'd like to order tomorrow if possible, just to give us some wiggle room. I'm counting on you guys~☆
Himari: Sounds good!
Ako: Ohh~, I wanna wear the t-shirts Lisa-nee designed now!
Rinko: Me too... It's such a nice design... I like how the shining stars... are placed on a musical staff...
Eve: Having the logo and a guitar on a black t-shirt is so simple, yet so profound! Perhaps this is your own bushido shining through!
Lisa: Ahaha, you might be right~☆ Ah... But it is kinda simple, isn't it?
Ako: Yeah, but that's what makes it cool!
Lisa: Thanks, Ako! Hmm~, yeah, you're right. It's fine!
Himari: ... Um, Lisa-senpai, is something bothering you?
Lisa: Ah, sorry. I wouldn't go that far. I was just wondering if it's too simple.
Lisa: It just... doesn't really have any impact, you know? I'd like to add something that makes the design stand out, but what do you guys think?
Rinko: I think... this design is... nice and concise... However... if you're not happy... you should... give it some more thought...
Himari: Agreed! Besides, we're ahead of schedule anyway. It's fine if you take a little more time to work on the design.
Lisa: I've already thought about this design so much though. I'm not sure I can come up with anything new...
Eve: Well, as the saying goes, you'll never know until you try!
Himari: Exactly. Ah, I've got it! Why don't we all hold a design meeting right now?!
Ako: Oh~! That sounds fun! Let's do it!
Eve: Yes! Two heads are better than one, after all!
Ako: Eve~, we've got five people here, not two~.
Rinko: Ako-chan... It's just... an expression...
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks, you guys! In that case, let's do this☆
Himari: Alright! Ahem... Now, let the Girls Band Party Costume Design Meeting begin!
Lisa: Fufu, where'd that come from?
Himari: I just thought it'd get us in the spirit. Ehehe... Was I wrong?
Lisa: No, I think it worked! Alright, Himari, now give us a cheer☆
Himari: Let's come up with the best t-shirt design ever. Hey, hey...
All: Hoh~! Hoh~...!
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

Ako: All done! How's this? The great, glistening dragon of the night sky, Almekirus!
Rinko: Ako-chan... It's very cool, but... video game monsters... and characters... won't work...
Eve: Um... My design is not a character, but does that mean my Nobunaga drawing won't work either?
Himari: Nobunaga looks so refined playing the guitar...! Still, I think we should go with something more related to us as a group. For example... Hmm...
Ako: For example...?
Himari: Well... How about a big heart that appears with a bang?! See? Doesn't that sound cute?
Ako: Aww~, but I don't wanna look cute. I wanna look cool~.
Lisa: I thought about using hearts too, but I agree. Mixed in with the stars, it ends up making the design a bit too cutesy.
Himari: Gotcha... Designing t-shirts is pretty tough. You really did a great job, Lisa-senpai.
Rinko: Wings... Flowers... The moon... Butterflies... Hmm... I agree... Adding more motifs... will just make it busy...
Lisa: Exactly~. Remember when I showed you my design before? I tried to cram everything in, and it was a total mess.
Rinko: Yes... We cut out a lot...
Himari: You took your time with this design too. This isn't something we can come up with so quickly.
Eve: That is true. So what should we do...? Do we continue?
Himari: Hmm... What to do~...? That's it!
Lisa: Did you come up with an idea of some sort?
Himari: I sure did! Why don't we take a little break and have some cake or something?
Ako: That's not an idea!
Lisa: Ahaha! Still, Himari's probably on to something. We need a break☆
Eve: Agreed. We cannot continue our fight on an empty stomach!
Rinko: If that's what everyone wants... I'm fine with it too...
Himari: Then it's settled! Excuse me! We'll have five cake sets, please!


<Design Meeting Part 2>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Eve Wakamiya, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Mmm~, strawberry short cake really is the best~. It's so good~♪
Lisa: I know, right? I've tried all sorts of cakes, but that's the one I always go back to... Mm, so good~☆
Eve: The simplicity of the dish is what makes it so delicious. Who would have thought strawberries, sponge cake, and cream would go so well together?
Ako: It's tasty, but I like cakes with lots of colorful decorations too~. You know, like the ones with chocolate, marshmallows, jelly candies and all sorts of stuff on top!
Rinko: Simplicity has its benefits... Just like... complex designs...
Himari: Ahaha, you can really tell a lot about a person from what they eat.
Lisa: No kidding. Fashion's the same way, isn't it? Look at us. We're all so different.
Himari: You're right! Hey, where do you guys get your clothes? Where do you go, Lisa-senpai?
Lisa: I have specific shops that I like, so I go to those a lot.
Ako: You have favorites...?! That sounds so sophisticated~.
Lisa: It's not that big of a deal. There are just times when I can't find places around here that sell the brands I like.
Ako: Ah, in that case, I'm the same way! None of the stores around here sell the stuff I like, so I always go to the shops that do!
Himari: Ah~, you and Lisa-senpai do seem like you have very specific tastes when it comes to fashion.
Ako: I sure do~! I'm always looking for clothes that make me feel the dark waves of... Umm... Darkness!
Lisa: Ahaha. I don't think my tastes are as specific as Ako's. I just look for things that are cute and in vogue.
Himari: I do the same thing! I'll see a cute outfit in a magazine... And then I'll try to find something similar in the nearby shops!
Eve: That is a good idea. The clothes in magazines can be so expensive.
Himari: No kidding~. There are a lot of clothes I'd like to try though, so I'm glad there are affordable options out there!
Lisa: Definitely. Hey, Rinko, where do you buy your clothes?
Rinko: Me...?
Eve: Your clothes are always so unique. I love how elegant they are!
Rinko: Y-you think so...? I don't... really know much... about fashion trends...
Ako: That's okay, Rin-rin! The noble, dark and... um... floaty look suits you!
Rinko: Thank you... but I... don't have much to say... Um... What about you, Wakamiya-san?
Eve: Well... I do check on trends for my job.
Lisa: Oh yeah, I guess entertainers have to pay attention to fashion too. Especially if they're into social media.
Eve: Yes. I am very fortunate to have my job as a model though. I can use that as a chance to learn more about fashion, plus I can also reference the clothes I wear during shoots when buying my own.
Himari: Oh~, now that sounds like an idol!
Eve: I-I do not know about that... However, I do think it is very important to pay attention to what suits you, not just what is in fashion at the moment.
Eve: Other than that... It depends on TPO.
Ako: What's that?
Rinko: It stands for time, place, and occasion... You use it to... decide what to wear... based on the circumstances...
Eve: Yes, planning your outfit is very essential. While casual wear is great for outdoor activities, you should really wear something formal for a party.
Himari: A party, huh...?
Eve: Actually, these t-shirts are for a party, correct? The event is called Girls Band Party, after all.
Lisa: Yeah, it's not exactly formal though. Still... TPO, huh?
Lisa: Does this design really match the time, place, or occasion for Girls Band Party?
Rinko: The theme of this event is... sharing a smile...
Ako: The t-shirt you designed is simple and cool. It also looks like a concert t-shirt, but... I don't know if I get "smile" from it.
Eve: The event concept is to bring all five bands together despite our different styles... That way we can have even more fun and share even bigger smiles, correct?
Lisa: Yeah! The event is more exciting and has an "everything goes" element to it... That's why I want something a bit more energetic.
Himari: Exciting, energetic, everything goes... Ah, that sounds like Hello, Happy World!
Lisa: It does...? Ah, I see what you mean.
Himari: Exactly! We're missing a Hello, Happy World! feel!
Ako: Yeah~, everything goes with them. Plus they're always full of energy.
Eve: I understand completely. No one is as happy as Hello, Happy World!
Rinko: Now that you mention it... No one from... Hello, Happy World! ... is here...
Himari: I bet that's what is missing from our design. In that case, I'll ask Misaki-chan about it while I get her size!
Himari: We want to add a Hello, Happy World! feel to our t-shirt design. Do you have any ideas? ... And sent.
Eve: I hope she comes up with something good!
Ako: Me too. Hopefully, it doesn't make the design messy!
Rinko: We should... believe in Okusawa-san...
Himari: Ah, she replied! Um... "What do you mean, 'A Hello, Happy World! feel'?"
Lisa: Ahaha... Yeah, I guess it is a little confusing.
Himari: There's more! "I'm not sure I get it, but it sounds like you're looking for something related to Hello, Happy World! Why not add Michelle?"
Eve, Ako, Rinko & Lisa: Michelle...!
Ako: She's technically a character, but that should be fine, right?
Eve: And Michelle would give some impact to the design!
Rinko: If we make line art of her... The design will still be cool...
Lisa: Let's see... Move the guitar a bit and add Michelle here... It's just a rough sketch, but it should do for now. Yeah, this looks great!
Himari: Michelle's powers really are amazing! I better thank Misaki-chan!
Eve: Wow... Thank goodness! It looks like this design meeting paid off  after all!
Lisa: Yeah! And it's all thanks to you guys. Now I can work on finalizing the design!
Himari: Good luck! I can't wait to see the final product. Fufu♪
