865_Himari Uehara_R2 White Day Time

<The Meaning Behind Pink Roses>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Sigh...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan? What's wrong? Why are you sighing?
Moca: If you're too full, I'll take that parfait off your hands~.
Himari: N-no! I'm not full yet! Stop it!
Himari: I was just thinking about that performance that Kaoru-senpai put on. I just can't help being mesmerized... Ehehe...
Tomoe: Wow. What kind of performance was it this year?
Ran: You just had to go and ask...
Himari: You wanna know~?! I'm telling you, it was so cool~!
Himari: The most important thing is that Kaoru-senpai was wonderful!
Himari: So this girl was in trouble, and then, from off-stage, you hear this powerful voice say, "Just a moment!" Then, Kaoru-senpai appears in a flash with her cape...
Himari: Her gaze was just so elegant, I could have sworn she was an actual prince~!
Himari: And during the curtain call, she looked at every single person in the crowd and waved at them... It was so awesome~!
Tomoe: Seta-senpai never fails. She sure knows how to satisfy.
Tsugumi: Mhm, you can just imagine the excited look on all her fans' faces.
Moca: I gotta get more buns~.
Himari: Hey, Moca! Were you even listening to my story? Ran, say something~.
Ran: Huh...? Why me?
Tomoe: Okay, calm down, Himari. Here, have this.
Himari: This is my parfait, you know!
Himari: Ugh~, why can't you guys feel the passion...?
Tsugumi: Don't worry, Himari-chan. I can tell exactly how you feel! And I'm sure you received a lovely gift, right?
Himari: Gift...? Oh! Thanks for reminding me! I haven't opened it yet!
Ran: I was sure you had opened it already since... you know, this is you we're talking about.
Himari: I was just too emotional from the show... Ehehe...
Ran: Yeah, yeah...
Tomoe: So what did you get from Seta-senpai this year?
Himari: Give me a sec, I'll open it... Ohhh, I'm so nervous~...
Himari: Gasp...!!
Moca: Look at all those flowers~. And they're the type you like, Hii-chan~.
Tsugumi: I think... they're candy? In the shape of pink roses. They're very pretty!
Himari: You said it! They're so cute!! I'm touched~!
Ran: ... I think I remember pink roses representing "appreciation."
Tomoe: Nice, that makes them perfect for White Day! Leave it to Seta-senpai to think about the meaning of the flower too!
Moca: Hey, there's still a paper or something in there~.
Himari: Oh, maybe a card! She always writes one... Oh, look at this!!
Tomoe: Is this a photo?
Ran: She's looking at the camera and holding out a bouquet of flowers... Wow...
Moca: Ooo, I think she's stepped it up compared to last year.
Tsugumi: And there's a message!
Himari: It says... "Himari-chan, you are like a flower blooming in the distant evening. How fleeting... Kaoru Seta." Does that mean... I'm the flower in the "Afterglow"?!
Moca: What~? You~? The flower in the "Afterglow"? No way~.
Himari: Hey~! Moca~!
Tomoe: Okay, so what does this mean then?
Ran: It says 'the distant evening'... So it's still afternoon?
Moca: And you're supposed to be in the "Afterglow"? I'm the language master around here, and I gotta say, things aren't adding up here~.
Himari: Grrr~! It's fine! As long as I understand what makes Kaoru-senpai great!
Himari: Sigh, why do you have to be a third-year student, Kaoru-senpai? If we were in the same grade, I could go see you much more easily~...
Tsugumi: Okay. I have some stuff to take care of and have to go to the theater club at some point. Would you like to come with me?
Himari: Yay~, I always knew you were the best friend a girl could have~! I'll stick with you to the end of time~!
Ran & Moca & Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahahaha!


<Sincere White Day>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Himari: Ah, {{userName}}-san, hard at work as usual!
Himari: Yes, we're taking a break now! I'll tell you, I'm on a roll today! The tone from the very first note was like-...
Himari: Wait a second, that's not what I wanna tell you about.
Himari: So on White Day, Kaoru-senpai did another one of her performances!
Himari: Ahhh, she was so cool~! It was way better than the Valentine's gift I gave to her!
Himari: The effects and the costumes were so detailed, I could tell she put her heart and soul into that show!
Himari: Sigh~, such joyful moments~.
Himari: Oh, but you know, Tomoe was pretty popular herself!
Himari: She ended up giving gifts to fifty people on White Day! Isn't that amazing?
Himari: She may have done it differently than Kaoru-senpai, but Tomoe said she wanted to show her appreciation to all of them, and she did it in her own way, face-to-face.
Himari: It's a very Tomoe way of doing it, fufu!
Himari: We couldn't help smiling ourselves when we saw how happy the gifts made those people.
Himari: It goes to show you that when it comes to receiving a gift, it's the thought that counts.
Himari: ... Oh! I think the same can be said for music.
Himari: Think about it! You have to put your heart into the music you play, right?
Himari: I feel like the more we do that, the more the fans in the crowd can understand our passion.
Himari: After our break, I'm gonna try to put more of my heart into rehearsing! Fufu, the others might be surprised at how my playing completely changes.
Himari: ... Uh-oh! Time's just about up.
Himari: Bye, {{userName}}-san. Thanks for listening!
