952_Himari Uehara_R4 A Step Forward Together

Gacha phrase: Hurry up, guys, or else I'm leaving you behind~!

<Tasty Temptations>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Mmm! Our new song really has turned out great!
Himari: I mean, I've always liked it, but I like it even more now that we rewrote it!
Tsugumi: Fufu. You've been in a good mood all day, Himari-chan.
Himari: Of course I have! Our song has turned into something awesome, and it turns out we were feeling the same way all along~!
Moca: Wow~, Hii-chan. As always, you're so easy to please~.
Himari: Hehe~, none of your teasing will get to me right now!
Tomoe: Ahaha, I guess that means you've grown as our leader, huh?
Ran: Well, it is true that we're moving forward thanks to you, Himari.
Himari: Hehe, keep that praise coming, guys! Don't be shy!
Moca: As always, you're so easy to please~.
Himari: Not that one!
Tsugumi: Still, I can see why you're so happy. We're all on the same page, and we're making progress... Being in a band has become even more fun than it was before!
Himari: Yeah! That's exactly it~! Ooo, just thinking about it makes me emotional again...
Tomoe: Yo, I thought you said you weren't gonna cry anymore.
Himari: I'm not crying~! I'm just tearing up a tiny bit! Don't worry, as your new-and-improved leader, I'm gonna become even cooler!
Himari: And I'm not going to stop there either. You better watch out for your future awesome leader♪
Ran: I wonder where you find all that energy.
Himari: ...Ah! Oh no...!
Moca: What is it~?
Himari: I've been working so hard that I never noticed just how hungry I am~. It just hit me now. Ehehe...
Tomoe: Seriously...?
Tsugumi: Fufu, we really gave it our all today, after all.
Ran: Wanna go grab a bite? There's a restaurant nearby.
Tomoe: Sounds good! I could go for ramen too!
Moca: Count me in~.
Himari: Ooo... Wait, guys...
Tsugumi: What is it, Himari-chan? You look like something's on your mind...
Moca: Aren't you starving~? Don't you want to go~?
Himari: I do... I really do... But I feel like I should resist the temptation if I'm going to be a cooler leader...
Ran: That's your idea of becoming cool?
Tomoe: I think a leader who eats properly is cooler.
Himari: A-and I've been thinking... I want to finally do a successful diet...
Moca: Is that so~? What a pity~. I was just thinking of giving you this for all of your hard work~.
Himari: Oh! What is it?
Moca: Ta-dah. Behold, Yamabuki Bakery's latest masterpiece... A cherry Danish~!
Tomoe: M-Moca's giving bread to someone...?!
Ran: And one that just came out, too...!
Himari: I-it looks so yummy~...!
Moca: It's scrumptious even when it's cold~. But I guess you won't need it since you're going on a diet~.
Himari: N-no, I don't! I-I'm going to become a cool leader! I must... resist...!
Tomoe: ... Ah!
Himari: Wh-what is it this time?!
Tomoe: Speaking of latest items, I just remembered that ramen place is coming out with something new today.
Himari: Did you really have to bring that up now~?!
Tomoe: Come on, I can't control when I remember stuff. Why don't we all go? That includes you, Himari!
Moca: Here~, Hii-chan, Hii-chan~. I've got a nice, sweet baked good right here, just for you~.
Himari: Ts-Tsugu~! They're being mean to me~!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Be nice, Moca-chan, Tomoe-chan.
Himari: Yeah, you tell 'em, Tsugu~!
Moca: Hii-chan... If you want to be a cool leader, you need to stop running to Tsugu~.
Himari: Awww! But that's not fair~!
Ran: ... It's not like you can become cool overnight. Just work on it slowly.
Ran: Kinda like Afterglow itself is doing, you know?
Himari: ... You're right...! Plus, I feel like you guys have said the same thing to me before...
Himari: Thanks, Ran!
Moca: Ooo~, Ran coming to the rescue? How rare.
Ran: I wasn't trying to... I'm just hungry. Where are we going anyway?
Tomoe: Ramen, of course! We're gonna review their newest menu item!
Himari: Yeah! All this talk has got me curious! I'll just try to stay away from the toppings!
Moca: And so, Hii-chan's diet ends in failure once again...
Himari: I-it has not! I'm going to make it work this time~!


<Light Up the Future>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Himari: Let's see, I messed up that phrase during the interlude... Sigh. That part always gives me a bit of trouble...
Marina: Hey there, Himari-chan.
Himari: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello~.
Marina: Something seems to be on your mind... Is something wrong?
Himari: Oh, it's nothing like that! There's a part of this song that I'm struggling with... Tomoe and I are going to be entering the studio later to do some serious practicing!
Himari: I was just think about what we're practicing, so that's probably why I was making such a stoic face...
Marina: Fufu, I see. Is it a difficult song?
Himari: Hmm... I wouldn't say it's difficult, it's just new... The song's a bit different from our normal ones.
Himari: I mean, it still feels like our usual songs, but, um... there's more to it!
Marina: Oh~, something different, huh? I'm a bit curious now.
Himari: Hehe, you can look forward to hearing it during our show! It's going to be Afterglow's first step down our new path!
Marina: Oh, someone's confident~.
Himari: Of course I am. A lot happened for me to get to this point though~!
Himari: You know how Roselia did a show at Future World Fes? Their performance was completely different from ours.
Himari: It was such an incredible show... And I couldn't help but compare Afterglow to Roselia.
Marina: I see... Yeah, there aren't any easy answers to that problem.
Himari: Yeah, it was super frustrating... I felt like I was betraying Afterglow for even thinking that way...
Himari: I mean, it was kinda like I was admitting we weren't as good as Roselia.
Himari: That's why I couldn't... and didn't want to say anything. I tried to act the same as always.
Marina: Gotcha... I can see why you did that. You didn't want to hurt everyone.
Himari: Yeah... But it didn't change the fact that I lied. I thought I had failed as their leader... But that's when I heard about Tsugu from Kasumi and Rimi.
Himari: They told me how hard Tsugu has been practicing and how it was all for Afterglow.
Himari: That's when I found out that Tsugu wanted us to be able to do an amazing show like Roselia's.
Himari: And when I heard that... I was so relieved. I was finally able to see that I felt the same way, and that's why I was frustrated.
Marina: So does that mean you also want to give a mind-blowing performance?
Himari: Yes! Exactly! And once I figured that out, I was able to use that feeling to motivate myself to improve!
Himari: Anyway, I decided to share my thoughts with the others... And it turned out I wasn't the only one who had been worried! We all wanted to give a better show than we have been!
Himari: Oh~, it got me so excited! Even after everything that happened, we're still Afterglow, you know?
Marina: Fufu, I can tell how happy you were just by looking at you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Huh? Is it that obvious...? W-well, it's true that I was thrilled!
Himari: That's why I told everyone that we should try to give the best performance ever!
Himari: The song I mentioned earlier is the one we wrote when all of that happened... It's an expression of our desire to become cooler!
Marina: I see. So that's why this song is a little different than the others. I'm even more excited to hear it now.
Himari: Ehehe~, I'm glad you're looking forward to it! ... Ah, looks like Tomoe's here. I have to go now. Bye!
Himari: Thank you for listening!
