995_Himari Uehara_R2 Lovely Summer Girl

<Unexpected Escape from the Heat>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Ah! Hi, Himari-chan!
Rimi: Hello, Himari-chan!
Himari: Ah, Rimi's here too! Can I sit with you?
Rimi: Of course! Were you out shopping too?
Himari: Nope. I was at home, but it was just too hot... Our air conditioner broke recently.
Rimi: Oh... That's awful...
Himari: It is~! It's so hard to sleep at night...
Himari: We're trying to get it fixed, but the service people are all booked~...
Rimi: I see. I think they get busy this time of the year.
Rimi: Fufu. It's a good thing Hazawa Coffee is so close by!
Rimi: Tsugumi-chan's café is nice and cool, and I can enjoy cold drinks here too.
Rimi: Ah, and there's cake! The lemon cheesecake today is amazing.
Himari: Oh... Rimi... Don't tempt me...!
Rimi: Huh? Are you on a diet?
Himari: No, but... Ever since our air conditioner broke, I've been coming here almost every day.
Himari: And I always get the cake set... I feel like I'm getting bigger while my wallet is getting slimmer...
Rimi: Oh... I know what you mean. I have the cake set every time I come too.
Himari: Yeah~... I guess of all the things to worry about, this one isn't so bad...
Himari: Sigh... I'll have to find a new place... Hopefully, one that's cool and doesn't have delicious cakes...
Rimi: Ah, in that case, I have something for you. Here.
Himari: Are you sure?! What is it?!
Rimi: It's a ticket to a haunted house. I won it in a raffle downtown.
Himari: Th-the Haunted House of Death... I'm scared just from reading the name...
Rimi: This event is happening at the amusement park near here! They're even doing a collaboration with a horror movie I like!
Himari: R-really...?
Rimi: I won three tickets. I gave one to Nanami-chan, but I was hoping I could find one more person to go with.
Himari: I-I see... It would certainly make me shiver...
Rimi: There are a lot of special goods from the movie too. I'm looking for the Bloody Hand Notepad...
Himari: That name alone sounds gruesome...
Rimi: Nanami-chan wants to get the Poltergeist Clear File. It has pictures of ghosts on it. I'm still deciding if I'll get one too.
Himari: These goods sound dreadful... Are you sure they're not really haunted?
Rimi: They're fine~! Ah, and if you buy something, you get to take a picture with ghosts from the haunted house!
Himari: You make it sound like that's a fun bonus... Ugh. I will never understand the world of horror...
Rimi: Oh, that reminds me! There's a special café there too!
Rimi: The cafe has a menu with items from the movie. I want to try some sweets in the shape of the Cursed Amulet!
Rimi: Ah, the Cursed Amulet is an important item from the movie.
Himari: A-ahaha... Sounds interesting...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, what would you like to order?
Himari: Uh... I'll take the cake set... with a cup of hot coffee...
Rimi: Huh? I thought you were hot. Are you sure you don't want to have some iced coffee?
Himari: I'm feeling a little too chilled now...


<Location Isn't Everything>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Ah, Himari-chan, hi there. What are you up to?
Himari: Hey, you two! I'm just reading this.
Marina: Top 20 Places to Visit This Summer! Is Afterglow planning to go somewhere?
Himari: We sure are! We just went to a waterpark the other day, though.
Marina: So? It's summer, so you've got to cram in as much fun as you can! You all went to Toconut Park, right?
Himari: Yeah! Sigh~, it was amazing~...
Himari: There was this huge water slide... We all went on it together!
Himari: When we took a break from rides, we ate takoyaki, and the set that Moca bought had one spicy takoyaki mixed in!
Himari: When we got to the last one, we knew it had to be the spicy one, so we all tried to get someone to eat it.
Marina: Fufu. Really? It sounds like you all had a great time.
Marina: Have you decided where to go next?
Himari: I can't make up my mind at all~!
Himari: I want to go to Inoshima, but the amusement parks have fun-looking events too! I don't want to miss out on the summer festivals either...!
Marina: As long as you're all together, Afterglow will have fun no matter where you go, right?
Himari: Yeah, that's true... But that makes it even harder to pick a place...
Marina: Fufu. That's one worry I wouldn't mind having!
Marina: Tell me all about where you go next, okay?!
Himari: Ah, I'd love to! Talking about the things we do makes me feel like I had even more fun!
Himari: I hope you'll look forward to my travel stories!
