1052_Himari Uehara_R4 The Usual Shtick

Gacha phrase: Huh? Wait. Are you talking about... my chant?

<Once in a Decade Miracle>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Has everyone got their juice? Ahem... Well then, great job on another successful Girl Jam~! Cheers~!
Ran, Moca, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Cheers~!
Moca: Mmm~, nothing beats a post-concert bun~.
Tomoe: Yeah, and this ramen rules! It's charging up my tired body~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you look happy, Himari-chan. You ordered the super-mega-giant chocolate parfait, right? It looks yummy.
Himari: Yep! It tastes heavenly~! This is sheer bliss~...♪
Ran: That thing really is huge. It's as big as your head, Himari...
Tomoe: Ahaha, don't go complaining when you gain weight again, Himari~.
Himari: Jeez~, can't I have this one cheat day~?
Moca: Huh? Only today? But you eat parfaits all the time~.
Himari: I-I know that~! We played a phenomenal concert today though. That makes this a celebration parfait, so it gets a pass!
Tomoe: Haha, that makes no sense. Although, I do agree that today's performance was totally awesome!
Ran: Yeah. It was a show that warmed me to my core...
Tsugumi: It kind of feels like we achieved something big, doesn't it?
Moca: It sure was a deep show~. I bet we'll remember this day for as long as we live~.
Himari: Uh-huh! I was so happy to see the crowd going wild. I think they really understood our feelings!
Tsugumi: ...Oh? Did someone's cell phone ring?
Himari: Ah, it's mine! Hmm...
Himari: ...! Look at this, everyone!
Moca: What's up, Hii-chan~? Tell us~.
Himari: It's a message from my friend who auditioned for Melodic Rain with us.
Himari: She said, "You were amazing at Girl Jam!"
Moca: Oh~, so your friend came to see us too~.
Himari: "I'm sorry for causing you and the Afterglow members so much trouble back then."
Ran: ... It's not like it was your friend's fault. I don't blame her at all.
Tomoe: All we did was say what we wanted~. She doesn't need to worry about it.
Tsugumi: That just means she genuinely cares about us. What a kind girl.
Himari: Exactly! She's a truly good person and a hard worker.
Himari: That's why I just couldn't forgive that judge for saying those things...
Himari: My lovely friend practiced so hard and gave an incredible performance. She didn't deserve to be spoken to like that...
Tomoe: Totally... Hm? Looks like there's more.
Ran: ... Are these social media screenshots? She's sent loads of them.
Himari: Umm... "It was my first time watching Afterglow, but they were great!"... These are impressions that other attendees posted online!
Moca: "I'm going to forget that weird gossip and support them from now on!" "That performance blew those rumors away!" ...  Whoa, everyone is complimenting us~.
Tsugumi: So your friend took the time to search for and compile these comments for us.
Tomoe: It sucks that we couldn't stop those dumb stories from spreading, but our Girl Jam performance showed people exactly who we are.
Himari: Urgh...! Ooh~, I'm so happy~! Thank goodness~. This is wonderful~.
Moca: Hii-chan's blubbering again~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I see where she's coming from. Himari-chan went above and beyond for us.
Himari: I'm not the only one who worked hard. We all put in effort!
Himari: And don't forget that time in front of the station. If I was by myself, I probably would've just cried. I couldn't do anything...
Ran: Ah... You mean that time those people were insulting Afterglow.
Himari: Ran, Tomoe, all of you were so cool in that moment.
Tomoe: R-really? I just followed my instincts, that's all. Nobody is allowed to make my bandmates cry...!
Moca: Our Tomo-chin sure is fearless~.
Himari: Believe me, it was super cool! It felt like a hero came to rescue me.
Himari: This whole ordeal made me realize something again. I'm able to do my best because you're all here for me.
Himari: Thank you so much, everyone. Let's continue to play in this band together, the same as always.
Ran: Obviously... You don't need to say that out loud. We all know that.
Tsugumi: Of course, Himari-chan! We'll give even better performances in the future!
Moca: Wow~, we really are hot stuff~. I think even I'm on fire~.
Tomoe: You bet! If anyone can smash the limits and give an even better show, it's us.
Himari: Then we're all in agreement. Let's continue to work toward the best show ever~! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran, Moca, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...
Himari: Huh~?! Wh-why~? You did it for me at Girl Jam~!
Moca: Hii-chan, a miracle like that only comes around once a decade~. We can't just say it that easily~.
Ran: Yeah. Maybe in ten years or so, we can do it again.
Himari: What~?! That's too far away~!


<I'll Be the Best Leader Ever!>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, I think this looks clean. How's it going, {{userName}}-san? Did you finish tidying up?
Himari: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello♪ The weather is nice today, isn't it?
Marina: Hello, Himari-chan. Fufu, you're in a good mood.
Himari: Yes! I'm on my way to hang out at the mall♪ We're meeting here first...
Marina: That sounds fun. Are you going with the Afterglow girls?
Himari: No, not today. They're my friends from a different band. We took part in the Melodic Rain auditions together.
Himari: They even came to watch us perform at Girl Jam. They've supported us a lot... so I wanted to thank them in person.
Marina: I see. Oh? Are they the band you defended at the audition, Himari-chan...?
Himari: Yes, that's them. Although... I don't think that my actions made any difference. Ran is the one who said what I wanted to without hesitating!
Marina: You may say that, Himari-chan... but the way I see it, you're just as remarkable.
Himari: Huh? R-really?!
Marina: I've only heard what happened at the auditions secondhand, but...
Marina: Telling an adult your honest opinion isn't something just anyone can do. Even if it's for a friend.
Himari: N-no, I really don't think it was anything that great...!
Himari: Still... It's probably because I have such wonderful friends around me.
Himari: When I was searching for an event we could perform in, some strangers said horrible things about Afterglow to me...
Marina: I'm sorry that happened... They must have heard the rumors.
Himari: ... They said they didn't want a band that causes problems to take part. I was so upset that I wasn't able to form a reply. I could only cry.
Marina: I see... That must have been painful.
Himari: Yes... But then Ran and the others came to my rescue. They stuck up for me and were totally cool...!
Marina: You don't say. That's very admirable of them!
Himari: Exactly! I'm so proud to call them my friends. They always help me in times of trouble...
Himari: I was convinced it was up to me to find a live house for us. But they insisted that we do it together.
Himari: That's why I plan on working hard so that they think I'm the best possible leader for our band.
Marina: That's great. I bet the bond between the Afterglow members is even stronger now.
Himari: Yes! We won't stop trying until we've reached our goal of the ultimate show!
Marina: I'm cheering for you, Himari-chan!
Himari: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, thank you♪
Himari: Ah, my friends have arrived! I'm going to head off now. See you!
