1091_Himari Uehara_R2 Himari Peace☆

<Interview Delusion♪>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Residential Area]

Himari: Sigh~, I can't wait~. I wish the weekend would come already♪
Moca: Hii-chan, you've been saying that all week~. Are you really looking forward to Tomo-chin's interview that much?
Himari: Of course I am! It is an interview, after all! Aren't you excited for it, Moca?
Moca: Hey~, Hii-chan, you're too close~. I get it, so move back a bit~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, it does feel strange, doesn't it? I can't believe our childhood friend is going to be in a magazine.
Moca: The friend in question is being awfully cool about it, though~.
Himari: She is... How can she stay so calm? I feel like I'm more nervous than her, even though I'm just going to be watching.
Moca: It would have been a crazy few days leading up to it if you were the one being interviewed, Hii-chan~.
Himari: ...! Me being interviewed?! Ah~, just imagining it makes me nervous~!
Himari: But... It could be a once-in-a-lifetime experience, so I would have to face it head on!
Himari: Firstly, with fashion! I'd have to look good!
Tsugumi: It's an interview, but the first thing you think about is fashion...?
Himari: Of course! First impressions are everything.
Himari: I'd wonder what to wear for sure. An outfit that screams cool mature woman or something like that could work~.
Tsugumi: A cool mature woman... In that case, how about a suit? You would look more mature, and I think suits are cool.
Himari: True! I'd be like a working woman! As our band's leader, that might be the perfect outfit for me.
Moca: Fufufu. How naive you are, Hii-chan~. You have no idea what the most important part of an interview is~.
Himari: The most important part? Wh-what is it...?
Moca: I'll tell you what it is! It's getting everyone to remember you, Hii-chan~.
Moca: The goal of an interview is for the readers to get to know you, right? So I think you'd be better off wearing something that says "Hii-chan" in one look~.
Himari: I suppose so... When you put it like that, you might be right.
Himari: Ahaha, thanks for the advice, Moca~!
Moca: Don't mention it~.
Himari: So? What kind of outfit would leave that impression on you, Moca?
Moca: What about hanging a sign around your neck with your name written on it~? That would definitely leave an impression~.
Himari: Whaaat?! That's not cool at all.
Moca: A name tag on your chest, then?
Himari: That's not what I meant! Hngh, I was counting on your ideas, Moca~...
Moca: Sorry, sorry~. My imagination got the better of me~.
Moca: I'll give you some better ideas next time. You can count on it~.
Himari: Really...? That's a promise, okay?
Tsugumi: Ah. How about this, then?
Tsugumi: You could wear a pretty dress. It might be nice to wear something a bit different from usual!
Himari: Ah, that's a great idea~! It gives off a different kind of maturity from a suit, and it could be quite elegant~.
Moca: Ah, I have an idea too~. Why don't you add some goofy glasses to the outfit Tsugu suggested~?
Himari: Huh? Goofy glasses?
Moca: You could create a sense of mystery by obscuring your face, and that would grab the reader's attention...
Himari: B-but if I did that, I wouldn't look elegant at all!
Moca: Huh, you think so~? But have you ever worn a pretty dress with goofy glasses before~?
Himari: W-well, no...
Moca: Then how would you know that~? You can't know until you try it~.
Himari: You can't know until you try... You're right! Okay, let's go to the mall right now!
Moca & Tsugumi: Huh?
Himari: I can't just think about it in my head, after all~♪ I need to decide with the actual clothes in front of me.
Tsugumi: Ah, Himari-chan?! ... I didn't think she would go this far with a mere what-if scenario.
Moca: Not even I was expecting this development~. I should be more careful not to tease Hii-chan too much~.
Tsugumi: So you were teasing her...?
Himari: Hey~, you two~! Hurry, hurry~!
(Black cut)


<Your Natural Style Is Best!>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Hi there! I would like to book a studio!
Marina: Hello, Himari-chan! Wait a moment, I'll check the openings now.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me, I saw Tomoe-chan's interview. I can't believe she was chosen to be featured in "Up-and-Coming Girl Band Members to Look Out for."
Himari: Wow, you saw it?! What'd you think? Wasn't Tomoe just so cool?!
Marina: Yeah, in both the photo and the interview! I found myself rereading it quite a few times.
Himari: Right? That column has actually become a bit of a hot topic at school.
Himari: From what I've seen, I think Tomoe has even more fans now! Valentine's Day is going to be busy~.
Marina: Hasn't Afterglow itself also become somewhat famous?
Himari: Maybe! More people have been approaching us lately at live houses like CiRCLE and such!
Himari: It's not like I want to be famous or anything, but it feels good having people know you!
Himari: But on the flip side, we have to be more aware of ourselves... It'd be bad if all these people saw us doing something strange.
Marina: That's true, and you never know who's watching.
Himari: Exactly~. It's fine if it's someone like you who already knows us...
Himari: But if somebody who doesn't really know us just happened to see us on a bad day, they'd probably think "oh, Afterglow is this kind of band."
Himari: And wouldn't that just be the worst? If we're going to show them anything, I want it to be our best selves.
Marina: But isn't that quite stressful? It must be tiring always worrying about how other people see you...
Himari: Ah, but it's really more of a thought I had! We're not actually going to change anything.
Himari: If we did, we wouldn't be "the same as always."
Himari: And everyone knows that our "best selves" are our "same as always" selves!
Marina: I see~. I guess you girls do shine brightest when you're at your most natural.
Himari: You really think so?! Woohoo~!
Marina: Fufu... Oh, here we go~. I've finished checking our openings~.
Himari: Thank you! Umm, I'd like to book it for this day...
