1129_Himari Uehara_R4 Hi-Marie, Go!

Gacha phrase: I'm so glad I was able to be Marie~.

<The Truth Lies in the Dark>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Ehehe... Yesterday was tough, but it was so fun~♪
Himari: (No one knows that I was Marie.)
Himari: (This is so exciting~. It's like I have a secret that I can't tell anyone.)
Himari: (Stuff like this makes me feel kinda mysterious. I just love it~!)
Himari: (Sometimes she's a fast food worker... Other times, she's a bassist in a band... And there are even times where she's the mascot character Marie...)
Himari: (But her true identity is...)
Tomoe: Hey, Himari~?
Himari: Wah! H-hey~. Don't scare me like that~!
Tomoe: Sorry, my bad. More importantly, what's up? You're totally smirking right now. Did something good happen?
Himari: Not really~. It's nothing like that~.
Tomoe: Aw come on, there's no need to tease me like that, right?
Himari: I'm not telling~♪ It's a secret~.
Tomoe: Haha, what's that about? That reminds me, you said you had something important to do yesterday. Did it go okay?
Himari: Huh? Ah, yeah! I managed somehow, so don't worry about it...!
Tomoe: I see. Glad to hear it. So what was it you had to do?
Himari: U-um~... That's~...
Himari: (What do I say...? I can't tell her that I was Marie...)
Tomoe: Talk about vague. Is that a secret too~?
Himari: Th-that's not really the case... Umm... Ah! I guess you could say I was doing some behind-the-scenes work to help out a girl that was in trouble~.
Tomoe: Behind-the-scenes work...? What's that about...?
Himari: M-more importantly, how was the downtown area? You guys went to the Shopper Appreciation Day, right?!
Tomoe: Yeah, it was really lively. Not to mention, Michelle and Marie were...
(Black cut)
Himari: Wow, so Marie's neck fluff felt that good! I wanted to go too~. It's a shame I couldn't.
Tomoe: The others were disappointed too. Seems like there's also a Shopper Appreciation Day next week, so let's all go then.
Himari: Yeah!
Himari: (Fufu, it seems Tomoe has no idea that I was Marie...)
Moca: Hii-chan, Tomo-chin, good morning~. Yawn~...
Tomoe: Hey~, Moca! Good morning. You look kinda sleepy.
Himari: Did you stay up all night?
Moca: Nope, I was watching a late-night anime series that premiered yesterday~. It was so good, it stole my heart and my sleepy time~.
Tomoe: Hey now... No matter how good it is, you have to get your sleep.
Himari: Sheesh, you really are hopeless~. So what kind of anime was it?
Moca: Well~, it's an action mystery where the main character is a spy who disguises herself to investigate various mysteries~.
Himari: She wears disguises...?!
Moca: Yep yep~. And the last scene was particularly cool~. The spy turned to the enemy boss...
Moca: And said her catchphrase of "The truth is always... shrouded in darkness." as she gave them a wink~. That really hit your pal Moca-chan hard~.
Tomoe: Wow, that is cool!
Himari: Mhm, it seems kinda interesting! Maybe I'll give it a watch too~.
Moca: Definitely check it out~. It's really well done, and the reconnaissance scene where she hides her true identity had a plot twist that left me on the edge of my seat~.
Himari: I totally get that~! When you're hiding your identity and someone talks about you, it really gives you a thrill, huh~?
Tomoe: Hm? You say that like you've experienced it.
Himari: Huh?
Moca: What's this~? Hii-chan, could it be...?
Himari: Wh-what...?
Moca: You're pretending to be a spy night after night and not telling us about it, aren't you~? Oh, Hii-chan, you should just invite us along instead of hiding it~.
Himari: Hey, Moca~! I don't do that at all! What I said before was just me imagining that it would be thrilling!
Tomoe: Ahaha! But being a spy does sound  kind of cool though. You'd be able to go to a bunch of different countries.
Moca: What's this now~? Tomo-chin, are you also pretending to be a spy every night~?
Tomoe: Nope, haven't been doing that. Anyway, it'd be impossible for me to be a spy~.
Tomoe: Even if I became one and I disguised myself, all of you would probably see through me right away. I think even I'd realize right away if Himari disguised herself.
Moca: You have a point. She can't lie after all~. Just call out "Hii-chan" and she might answer~.
Himari: Y-yeah~. Ahahaha...
Tomoe: Why do your eyes look so shifty...?
Himari: Th-they don't look shifty!
Himari: More importantly, Moca! Tell me more about this anime you saw.
Moca: Oh, are you interested, Hii-chan~? The spy normally spends her time hiding her identity, so her lines are mysterious and really cool~.
Moca: But I don't think there's anyone in real life that could live while carrying a secret like that~.
Himari: Fufufu...
Moca: What's wrong, Hii-chan? That was a weird laugh~...
Himari: Do you really think there's no one like that? Someone like that might be closer than you think♪
Moca: ...? What do you mean~?
Tomoe: What's up, Himari? You've been acting kinda strange for a bit. Did something actually happen yesterday?
Himari: S-seriously, nothing happened! But...
Himari: I guess you could say... "The truth is always... shrouded in darkness." Fufufu♪
Moca: Hii-chan, are you okay? Did you eat something weird~...?
Tomoe: Seriously, what happened, Himari...?
(Black cut)


<Unimaginable Happiness>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew... Time for a break! Would you like something to drink, {{userName}}-san? I'll have...
Marina: ... Hey, isn't that Himari-chan over there?
Himari: Wow~! This is even more than I'd hoped for! It looks even better than the menu picture~!
Marina: Hello, Himari-chan. That's one of the new dessert items, right?
Himari: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! I saw online that it was newly added to the menu, so I came to try it out right away!
Marina: I see! So that's why you were grinning so much.
Himari: Ehehe, did you see that? It looked even tastier than I imagined, which made me smile... I couldn't help it.
Marina: You're just so honest, Himari-chan. You can always tell when you're having fun... I really think that part of you is wonderful.
Himari: H-hey, suddenly praising me like that will make me blush~.
Himari: Also, I'm just being normal! I'm not doing anything special...!
Marina: Actually, I think that is fairly difficult. I think being able to wholeheartedly enjoy various things requires more talent than you might think.
Marina: Also... I'm sure your smile at times like that really energizes the people around you.
Himari: R-really~?
Himari: ... Well, when I climbed inside Marie recently, Moca and the others talked about me the same way...
Marina: Huh? You were Marie?
Himari: Yeah, Hagu couldn't do it because of some urgent business... Ah! P-please keep this a secret, okay?!
Marina: Fufufu, got it.
Himari: I casually agreed to it, but once I actually got inside Marie, it was heavy and hot. It was really tough!
Marina: They say that part-time jobs as mascot characters are surprisingly heavy labor.
Himari: Still, it was really fun! I even made a new discovery!
Marina: Really? What kind?
Himari: Um, it was like I stopped being myself, or rather... I feel like I was shown a world that Himari Uehara couldn't see!
Himari: An experience like that doesn't happen often, so I was really moved!
Himari: Thanks to that, I was able to secretly hear what Ran and the others think about me...♪
Himari: Fufufu, none of them are very honest with their feelings...
Marina: There, that's the face. That smile really gives energy to everyone around you.
Himari: Oh come on, Marina-san! You praise me too much~.
Marina: Ahaha, I'm sorry.
Marina: ... Oops, we got deep into our conversation there. Are you okay schedule-wise? Did you have anything else you needed to do?
Himari: Yeah! I actually made a promise to meet Misaki-chan here!
Marina: I see! In that case, enjoy yourselves!
Himari: Okay! Thank you very much!
