1198_Himari Uehara_R3 Door to Door!

Gacha phrase: Girls are greedy creatures, after all~.

<Baseless Déjà Vu>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Moca: Boy, that checkout was super crowded, but we somehow managed to get the new book~. I hope Hii-chan didn't get tired of waiting and leave already~.
Ran: Pretty sure she said she'd be waiting for us in the magazine section... Ah, there she is.
Himari: Wow...
Moca: Thanks for waiting, Hii-chan... Oh, whatcha reading~?
Rimi (Himari): Ah! Ran, Moca, you're back~. You mean this? It's a round-the-world-trip travel magazine. The pictures inside are spectacular~!
Himari: Here, take a look! Just gazing at these images of foreign cities makes you feel as if you're there.
Moca: Show me... Oh, an Arabian landscape~. This brings back memories of that night.
Ran: Oh, when we stayed over at Tomoe's place, right? Come to think of it, we were looking at her photo book of overseas places then as well.
Himari: I never get tired of looking at foreign cityscapes. I totally get why Tomoe collects these photo books.
Himari: Ah, check this out! This castle is fancy, don't you think?
Moca: Oho~, it's a majestic palace, indeed~. Would you like to live in a place like this, Ran?
Ran: No, it's too big. I don't need that many rooms. And the cleaning would be a nightmare.
Himari: Gosh, Ran, can't you just dream~?
Ran: I'm just saying it looks like a pain to live in...
Moca: Ran is a realist~. Well then, what's on the next page...? Oh, a snowy mountain.
Himari: (Huh...? This mountain looks...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Moca: It's a mountain range called the Alps. Hmm, I wonder how fun climbing a snow-covered mountain would be~.
Ran: It doesn't interest me, but this looks right up Himari and Tomoe's alley...
Himari: I-I think I'll pass... I don't have very good memories of it.
Ran: Memories? Have you been to a snowy mountain before, Himari?
Himari: No, not exactly... I just have this feeling I'd lose my bearings and freeze to death...
Moca: That's a bizarre fear to have about a place you've never been to, Hii-chan.
Himari: Y-You're right! What am I even saying...? Anyway, let's turn the page!
Moca: Hmm... Okay then, let's jet off to the next country.
Ran: Jet off...? We're only turning a page... Anyway, where is this? The jungle?
Himari: (This scenery looks familiar as well...)
Moca: It's sprawling with lush greenery... That being said, does a trip around the world always involve a location in the middle of nowhere? It'd be a fight for survival~.
Ran: Beats me... I'd call this more of an expedition than a holiday.
Himari: (Oh~, I can't help feeling like I've seen this view somewhere...! Where on earth was it...?)
Himari: (A television show...? Tomoe's photo book...? Or maybe it was on social media...)
Ran: Himari? What's wrong?
Himari: W-well, I have this funny feeling I've been to this place with you guys before...
Ran: To this jungle? That's not possible.
Himari: A-ahaha... Yeah, it doesn't make sense... I must be imagining things. On to the next page!
Moca: Roger that~. Well then, the next destination for our little troop is~.
Ran: Since when are we troopers...? Okay, next up is the desert.
Himari: (Ah! I've definitely seen this!)
Moca: Looks good. I'd love to take a leisurely camel ride to an oasis~.
Ran: Really...? I'd shrivel up from the heat in a place like this...
Himari: (Intense heat... Wait!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Himari: (Desert... water... and buns...!)
Himari: There's no way I can eat a stack of buns in the desert...!
Ran: Himari...? Buns in the desert...? What are you talking about?
Himari: Huh?! N-nothing. I'm just rambling~...
Moca: Hii-chan, are you hungry or something?
Himari: N-not really...
Himari: ...
Moca: You actually are hungry, aren't you? I knew it. In that case, our next destination will be Yamabuki Bakery~.
Ran: Good grief... Come on, Himari.
Himari: Ah, okay...!
Himari: (... What was that vision that popped into my head?)
(Black cut)


<Prophetic Dreams>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: How about we take a little rest~...? Ah, look, Himari-chan is over there. She's staring down at her phone, though...
Marina: Hello, Himari-chan. What's got your attention?
Himari: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello~! I was just looking at this website that tells your future based on your dreams.
Marina: Fufu, are you into reading dreams these days?
Himari: I sure am! I had a strange dream the other day, and since then I've been reading all about it.
Marina: An odd dream, huh?
Himari: Yes! The Afterglow girls had a sleepover at Tomoe's house the other weekend... and I ended up having a peculiar dream that night.
Marina: I see! Sometimes we have dreams beyond our wildest imaginations.
Himari: Precisely! So I figured this dream must have a special meaning... and I found this website to help figure it out~!
Marina: Well, what did you find? Did you make any sense of it?
Himari: The thing is... I don't remember exactly what happened...
Himari: I only have some hazy visions. I recall having lots of fun, and also feeling so hot that I could collapse...
Himari: If I can't remember the details, I'm not able to do a dream-reading~!
Marina: That's unfortunate. Dreams are easily forgotten once you wake up.
Himari: Oh~, it's so frustrating~...! Maybe there was a sign that something good would happen in my dream~!
Himari: If I could just have that dream again, I would absolutely make sure to remember it.
Marina: That reminds me... I heard that if you replicate the same environment you slept in, you can view the same dream.
Himari: Really?! So you're saying that if we all had another sleepover together, I'd be able to see it again?
Marina: Well, it's just a rumor. But who knows...?
Himari: In that case, we need to buy the same snacks and juice, look at the same photo book, and chat about the same stuff before bed...
Himari: Ah! Not to mention, we have to burn the same incense that Tomoe prepared!
Himari: Thank you very much, Marina-san! I'm gonna invite the others to another sleepover right away.
Marina: O-okay! Good luck!
Himari: Alright! Next time I'll definitely unlock the mystery of that dream!
