1285_Himari Uehara_R4 New Sights

Gacha phrase: Hey, hey is my line!

<Aya-senpai's Advice!>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama)

[Fast Food Store]

Himari: Hm-hm-hmm~♪ Bye, you two!
Aya: Bye~. Already done with work?
Himari: Yeah! I only have the morning shift today!
Kanon: Fufu, you seem to be in a good mood, Himari-chan. Did something happen?
Himari: You can tell?! Is it that obvious?!
Himari: You see... We're going on our first band trip♪
Kanon: A band trip? Wow, that sounds nice!
Himari: There's this other band that invited us to perform against them, and I'm so looking forward to it!
Aya: Your first band trip, huh~? I can totally see why you'd be excited!
Himari: Exactly! I'm already super fired up~.
Himari: Ah, by the way, both of you have lots of band trip experience, right?
Aya: Yeah, I think you can say we've both been to our fair share of places.
Himari: That means you're like travel vets, right?! Maybe you could offer a first-timer like me some advice.
Aya: I don't know if I'd call myself a vet... but I'll try to answer any questions that I can!
Kanon: Hmm... Well, our concerts tend to be on the spontaneous side...
Kanon: And the suit people take care of our outfits and equipment, so I'm not sure my advice would be much use...
Himari: I see. Now that you mention it, Hello, Happy World! does seem like that kind of band...
Aya: Fufu, yeah. It's usually Kokoro-chan who comes up with something exciting to do and everyone else joining in on the fun.
Himari: That does make them a bit of a special case, so Aya-san... No, Aya-senpai! You're the only one I can count on!
Himari: Please offer some advice for our first trip! Like what we should bring or the right mindset to have!
Aya: Hmm... Let me think...
Aya: To be honest, I don't think we do anything special for band trips.
Himari: Really?! You don't?!
Aya: Yeah. But we always make sure we're able to perform at a hundred percent when the time comes.
Aya: Um, for example... When we're on the way there, we keep in mind that we're heading to a concert.
Himari: Even when you're on the way there...?
Aya: Mm-hmm. You know how it's so easy to get carried away when you go somewhere for the first time, right?
Aya: But if you end up too exhausted by the time you get up on stage, you won't be able to give your best performance, and that's disrespectful to the audience.
Kanon: That makes sense... I wouldn't want to disappoint the people who are taking the time and effort to come see us either.
Himari: Not forgetting about the concert... Ugh, I know I shouldn't, but I have a feeling I'll get carried away when I'm with everyone...
Aya: Yeah, it's hard to sit still when you wanna have a good time with everyone. I'm that way too.
Aya: That's why I try to find a balance. Like I'll chat with everyone while we're on the bus, but I'll also make sure I take a thirty-minute nap.
Himari: Ohhh! So the trick is to have fun while making sure you have enough energy for the show itself, huh?
Aya: Exactly! If you do that, I'm sure you'll be able to do well during the concert!
Aya: By the way, how are you getting there? Car? Train?
Himari: Car! Marina-san has some business nearby, so she's going to drive us!
Himari: I'm so grateful to her. The place we're going to is pretty far away, so I freaked out when I found out, but then she offered to help.
Himari: Well~, if I'd known it was that far, I might've thought about it more carefully...
Himari: But the invitation we got was pretty hostile, so I kind of lost it and accepted without thinking...
Kanon: I-it was that bad?
Himari: Yeah... I really should've checked first without letting it get to me, though.
Himari: But what's done is done, so we're gonna show them what we're capable of!
Aya: Ahaha... That totally sounds like you guys. You know, the momentum and that energy, and I don't think it's a bad thing either.
Aya: Ah, and you might even be able to swing by some rest areas along the highway since you're going by car. That'll be fun for sure!
Himari: Oh, yeah! Rest areas always have so much stuff, so there'll be a lot of new things to check out♪
Kanon: Yes, there'll be local food to eat and all kinds of souvenir shops to explore... Even just window shopping can be fun.
Aya: Mm-hmm. Oh, but that's also why you have to be careful you don't get too carried away.
Himari: O-okay! Um, so, don't forget... and energy... I should take notes...
Himari: Is there anything else, Aya-senpai?
Aya: Hmm~, let me think... Be sure to massage yourself extra thoroughly the day before you go on the trip!
Himari: A massage? That's such an idol thing to do...!
Kanon: Wow... I had no idea you go so far to take such good care of yourself. That's incredible.
Himari: It really is! It makes you feel like a genuine idol!
Aya: Massaging also gets me fired up for the trip and helps remind me not to waste all the hard work I've put in.
Himari: I see...! This is all really useful information!
Himari: ... I've written it all down! Your tips have been such a huge help! Thank you so much!
Aya: No problem. I'm glad I could help. Enjoy your first band trip.
Kanon: We won't be able to go with you, but we'll be sending you our best wishes from here.
Himari: Thank you very much, both of you! We'll do everything we can to make our first band trip a smashing success!


<Learning From Mistakes>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Park]

Himari: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Hi, Himari-chan. On your way somewhere?
Himari: Yeah, I'm thinking of going shopping~. What about the two of you?
Marina: Oh, we're just taking our break out here. We figured the pleasant weather would make for a nice change of pace.
Himari: Oh, I guess work must be rough. By the way, thank you for driving us the other day when we had our band trip!
Himari: And a huge thank you for everything else as well...
Marina: No problem, I'm glad I got to help you girls out on your first-ever band trip.
Himari: You're so sweet~, Marina-san...!
Himari: Did she tell you about it yet, {{userName}}-san? You won't believe all the trouble we ran into!
Himari: It was our first time, and it was just one crisis after the other!
Himari: I can't even begin to list everything that went wrong!
Marina: Ahaha, it was certainly eventful. But you girls still managed to pull through.
Himari: Of course! And the concert was a huge success too!
Himari: But that doesn't mean there weren't times when things got pretty hairy~... Everyone was so gloomy because of everything that was going wrong.
Himari: I wanted to fix the situation, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't come up with anything.
Himari: That's when Marina-san told me about her past fails!
Marina: Hey, could you not embarrass me in front of my colleague? But I'm glad my stories helped, at least.
Himari: They absolutely did! Hearing your stories was what got me to think we should challenge ourselves.
Himari: And you should've seen the look on your face when you were talking about your past. You were shining!
Marina: Um, I was...?
Himari: Yeah. You were talking about all the trouble you had, but you had this wonderful, glowing smile!
Himari: It made me realize that there's no need to be afraid of messing up as long as you can look back and smile.
Himari: I mean, who wants to be full of regret about what they should've done, right?
Marina: Fufu, so that's why you were able to encourage everyone to get up on stage regardless of the situation.
Himari: Well, performing also felt like our best option at the time...
Himari: And I knew I'd regret it if we didn't.
Marina: It certainly paid off! I'm so happy for you girls that the concert was so successful.
Himari: Thank you! That said, the whole mess wouldn't have happened if I'd checked before accepting the invitation to compete. I've learned a valuable lesson.
Himari: That's why I've decided that from now on, I'm going to check first before responding!
Marina: Learning from your mistakes tends to be the most important lesson you can learn. Good luck. I'll always be wishing you the best!
Himari: Thank you very much!
Himari: Ah, sorry for interrupting your break. See you both again at CiRCLE!
