1321_Himari Uehara_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: This year's birthday has been really awesome too~!

<Full of Joy, Full of Dreams>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: Now then, once again~. Hii-chan...
All: Happy birthday!
Himari: Thanks so much for today, guys! You made my birthday awesome again this year!
Tomoe: Don't even sweat it! Well then, how about we get to today's main event?! Moca, bring out the you-know-what.
Moca: Okey-dokey~.
Himari: Huh? What's going on? H-huh~?! What is this?! This parfait is huge!
Tsugumi: It's a Hazawa Coffee birthday special with extra, extra toppings. We're calling it the Happiness Parfait!
Himari: The Happiness Parfait...! Wow! It's a tower of chocolate, ice cream, and whipped cream...! I can't even count how many strawberries there are...!
Moca: Hii-chan, you're drooling~. Ahaha~.
Himari: I am not! But wait, this isn't your average-sized dessert... I have to calculate the calories...! Hngh...!
Tomoe: Himari, don't worry about that for today, and just dig in! I'll go running with you to help you burn it off.
Moca: That's right. Don't hold back and just go for it~!
Himari: You guys... Thank you...! Okay, I'll do just that! Today I'll go for it and hold nothing back!
Ran: Himari... aren't you gonna take a picture?
Himari: Ah, right! Ran~, thank you~!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, that's such a great smile! Okay then... Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Like a Dream Come True>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta)

[Downtown]

Himari: Ughhh, my stomach hurts~! But I'm so happy~... Ehehe.
Kaoru: Well, hello there, my little kitten...! Ah~, how fortuitous it is that I have happened upon you on this joyous day. Happy birthday, Himari-chan.
Himari: Whoa, K-Kaoru-senpai?! You remembered my birthday?!
Kaoru: Fufu, but of course. It truly warms my heart that I was able to congratulate you in person.
Himari: Aw~, thank you so much...! I can't believe even you are wishing me a happy birthday...
Kaoru: And how did my little kitten celebrate this blessed day?
Himari: Well, take a look at this! I got the others to take a photo!
Kaoru: Oh my... That is a rather splendid and prodigious parfait. And you look positively ecstatic with your cheeks so full.
Himari: So what happened is... everyone in Afterglow threw a celebration for me at Hazawa Coffee.
Himari: Their menu doesn't have parfaits this big on it, but they prepared one especially for my birthday! It was like a dream~.
Kaoru: I am elated to hear that you were able to enjoy this irreplaceable moment. Incidentally, did you eat this entire parfait by yourself...?
Himari: N-no way! I couldn't eat it all by myself, so we all ate it together~.
Himari: I celebrate my birthday with all of Afterglow every year, so I thought I'd figured out their pattern, but every year I end up getting surprised.
Kaoru: Fufu, it is most likely precisely because you all understand one another that such knowledge continuously provides you all with new ideas.
Kaoru: Their desire to delight their cherished childhood friend is making you smile so radiantly even now... Ah, such fleeting camaraderie...!
Himari: You've got a point. Whenever I celebrate their birthdays, I think up tons of ways that I could make them happy!
Himari: Okay, I have to start thinking of something that will surprise them on their birthdays too!
Kaoru: But your birthday has yet to end, Himari-chan. Why not thoroughly bask in the extraordinary delight that is the anniversary of your birth?
Himari: Fufu, you're right! When I get home, I think I'll look through my pictures from today!
(Black cut)
