1355_Himari Uehara_R3 Happiness Graffiti

<To See a New Horizon>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Record Shop]

Himari: Thanks for tagging along, Tomoe!
Tomoe: Hey, I wanna see what's new, too.
Himari: As band members ourselves, it's important to keep up to date with new albums, right? We can find out what's trending!
Tomoe: Exactly. It's a good chance to see what the store's recommending now, too.
Tomoe: So? What're you actually here to get?
Himari: Well, there's this band I've been hooked on lately, you see~.
Himari: I heard about them from a friend in class, so I checked them out, and they're actually really good!
Tomoe: Huh. I'd like to give 'em a listen, too.
Himari: I think the listening corner should have their newest album now. Let's go!
(Black cut)
Himari: So? They're good, right?
Tomoe: Yeah, they are. I like the J-rock vibes.
Tomoe: I've listened to a bunch of their songs, but this last one is amazing! It's super fun, and the chorus just gets you like, "oomph".
Himari: I know what you mean~! I liked that song too! It'd be cool if Afterglow could try making a song like that~.
Tomoe: Oh, good idea! We could add in some taiko drums.
Himari: Yeah, yeah! And we could replace the guitars with shamisen and throw in a Japanese flute in the interlude!
Tomoe: Ahaha, that's really good!
Himari: I've got a bunch of other recommendations from friends too, you know!
Himari: For example~... This and this!
Tomoe: Huh... Hip-hop and dance music... Oh, I know this song.
Tomoe: The dance club uses this sort of music a lot, so I'm actually pretty knowledgeable when it comes to this genre.
Himari: Oh, that's right! One of the recommendations I got was a song you danced to!
Himari: Those sorts of songs sound totally different from what we do, huh?
Tomoe: Yeah. It's the rhythms they use, or... how do I put it? They use a bunch of melodies that we normally wouldn't.
Himari: Right! That's why it's a great chance to learn from them!
Himari: I just know that even songs like these from different genres than what we make have things in them that we could put to use.
Tomoe: True. You never know what might end up being a hint for our next song.
Himari: Yup. Moca came up with a bunch of ideas while we were working on that last song, right?
Himari: Rock, pop... She knew how to play all sorts of styles.
Himari: Looking at her made me wonder to myself, "How many ways do I know how to play the bass?"
Tomoe: Wait... is that why you're trying to listen to all sorts of music?
Himari: Yeah! I feel like if I broaden my horizons, I might come up with some sort of genius masterpiece! You never know!
Himari: After all, playing the same way all the time gets kind of stale. And Afterglow's music isn't going to evolve that way, either.
Himari: So that's why I want to try all sorts of music! For Afterglow's sake!
Tomoe: Himari...
Tomoe: You're right! Man, I'm getting kind of hyped up too. You got any more recommendations from other genres?
Tomoe: Let's absorb all sorts of new stuff so we can show Moca we aren't gonna lose to her!
Himari: Alright~! Then let's check out all the music here at the listening corner!
Tomoe: Huh? All of it?
Himari: Yeah! Just looking around at album covers isn't always going to tell us what genres the bands are, anyway.
Tomoe: I guess there's probably some new discoveries hiding here, huh?
Himari: Right! Now then, let's start with this one here. Alright, I'm hitting play...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Memory the Color of the Sunset>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Well then, now that we're done shopping, how about a break? Huh? Over there, looking at her phone... is that Himari-chan?
Himari: Oh, this one might be good, too...! And, bookmarked...
Marina: Heeey, Himari-chaaan.
Himari: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: Hi there. What are you looking at?
Himari: I'm searching for shows for Afterglow to play at!
Marina: I see~. You're already looking for another show, huh? Didn't you just play one the other day, though?
Himari: Yeah! But Afterglow's on fire right now!
Himari: Oh, that's right! Are there any events here at CiRCLE we can still sign up for coming up?
Marina: I think there's one, yeah... but why are you in such a hurry to play?
Himari: Well, you see, I just can't wait to show off our new song.
Himari: We played it for the first time at a band battle the other day, and the crowd loved it. That's why I want to play it again!
Marina: I know how you feel. It feels good when a new song gets good reviews, huh?
Marina: And this song's a little different from usual, right? I heard from Moca-chan.
Himari: You bet it is~! We all made it together this time from scratch!
Himari: We all played our favorite phrases for each other and used them as the base of the song.
Himari: Man, that studio session was so much fun~. Being able to sense how everyone felt from their music...
Himari: Fufu. It might be all thanks to us taking that time that the song turned out as great as it did.
Marina: Yeah. I bet you the audience could sense the energy, too.
Himari: Right! Ah, by the way~... When's that event you mentioned earlier?
Marina: Uh, hold on a sec... Here it is. Looks like it'll be in two weeks.
Himari: Alrighty, I'll let everyone know!
Himari: I'm sure they'll all be down to play, so save a spot for us, please!
Marina: Fufu, you've got it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
