1379_Himari Uehara_R4 A Same-As-Always Year♪

Gacha phrase: Alright then~! I'm going to do my absolute best!

<New Year Fun>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall - Food Court]

Himari: Ugh~, I'm so tired~. I had no idea it gets this crowded at the start of the year.
Lisa: That's the sale effect for you~. At least we were able to get the things we were eyeing before.
Himari: True! I got all the accessories and clothes I wanted!
Himari: Ah~, I so can't wait to try these on and go out~♪
Lisa: I know, right~? Hmm... The only shops we haven't gone to yet are the ones in the southern area.
Himari: Some new stores apparently opened there! I heard a lot of them sell stuff that's super cute too.
Lisa: Really?! We totally have to check them out then♪
Himari: For sure! Let's go once we've rested for a bit!
Lisa: Okay~... Hm? That poster...
Himari: Ah, it's for the downtown singing contest! I didn't expect these to still be up after the New Year's.
Lisa: Oh, isn't that supposed to be the one you emceed?
Lisa: Ako told me about it~. She said it was really booming great.
Himari: Ehehe, it so was~! It was a huge success, thanks to everyone who participated!
Lisa: Aw~, wish I could've gone~. Ako said she was gonna be there, so I wanted to go show my support, but I had work~...
Himari: Oh~, sorry to hear you had to miss out on so much~.
Lisa: Hey~, don't say it like that~. Now I really wanna know what I missed.
Himari: Sorry! As an apology, maybe I can at least tell you how awesome it was.
Lisa: You'd do that? Thanks~.
Himari: Alright, I'll start with Ako-chan!
Himari: It was her, Rokka, and Mashiro-chan, and they set the bar really high from the start!
Himari: They sang with so much energy, and you could tell they were doing their best. It made you want to root for them, and the audience loved them too!
Lisa: Aw~, I wish I could've seen it~... I should've asked someone to record their show~.
Himari: Oh, Michelle and Marie's performance was also amazing!
Lisa: They were in the contest, too, huh?
Himari: You could tell just how popular they are downtown! There was so much cheering the moment they appeared on stage~.
Himari: But I did get a heart attack when Kokoro suddenly decided to join them...
Lisa: What do you mean? What happened?
Himari: She said she wanted to sing with them and just hopped up on stage...
Himari: Well~, people were calling for an encore in the end, so I'd say everything worked out at least!
Lisa: Fufu, I can imagine the whole thing so easily~. Hello, Happy World! shows are always exciting because you can never tell what might happen.
Himari: Other than that, Kaoru-senpai and Tomoe's gorgeous performance was straight out of a dinner and show, and Ran's dad's performance was so traditional Japanese!
Himari: You should've seen the flower stands Ran's dad and his students sent. They were really cute.
Lisa: Toko might've posted pictures of them online... If those are the ones, they did look pretty♪
Lisa: Anyway, sounds like a lot happened during the contest~. Congratulations on making it through in one piece☆
Himari: Thank you!
Himari: I was super worried at first that I wouldn't be able to handle the job, so it was a huge relief that everything worked out~.
Himari: And it's thanks to the secrets of emceeing that Chisato-san passed on to me!
Lisa: Aya told me about that one~. She helped you prepare, right?
Himari: Yes! I don't think things would've gone half as well if it weren't for the notes she shared.
Himari: A lot happened, and it wasn't always smooth sailing, but I still had a blast emceeing the contest!
Himari: While I was up there, it was so moving to see everyone shining because they were having such a good time singing on stage...
Himari: People who are trying their best are so incredible, you know? Seeing how hard they were trying made me want to do my best to support them♪
Lisa: Fufu♪ The fact that you can go so far for other people is really something if you ask me.
Himari: Y-you think so~? In that case, I'll go all out for you then!
Lisa: Why for me?
Himari: When we were at that store earlier, you were having trouble deciding what color clothes to get, right?
Himari: That's why I'm going to cheer for you a bunch so that you'll be able to decide.
Himari: You know, between the pink and the beige~. Go~, go~, Lisa-senpai!
Lisa: H-Himari! People are kinda staring...
Himari: Ah... S-sorry.
Lisa: Fufu... Should we get going then?
Himari: Alright!
Lisa: Ah. Since you worked so hard emceeing, let me treat you to something to celebrate.
Himari: Really?! Are you sure? I feel kind of bad...
Lisa: Don't worry about it~! It's something I want to do.
Himari: Well~, if you insist... I certainly won't say no~!
Lisa: Great~. Once we're done hunting for good deals, why don't we go to Tsugumi's for a break? Does cake sound good to you?
Himari: Totally~! Thanks so much, Lisa-senpai!
Himari: Ehehe, I can't wait~♪


<First-Time Emcee>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Downtown]

Marina: Let's see what else we still need to grab~... Perfect. It looks like we'll be able to get the rest at that shop over there.
Himari: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Happy New Year!
Marina: Himari-chan! Happy New Year to you too. I'm looking forward to another year with you!
Himari: Thank you! So am I!
Marina: By the way, {{userName}}-san told me what you were up to~. You were the host for that New Year's singing contest, huh?
Himari: Yes~! Oh, wait! You were there, {{userName}}-san? Thanks a lot!
Marina: I would've gone too if I didn't have things to take care of. So, how'd your first time as a host go?
Himari: I was so nervous~!
Himari: But I managed somehow thanks to all the preparation I did!
Himari: And it wouldn't have been possible without Chisato-san's help!
Marina: Chisato-chan?
Himari: Yes! She shared the secret to emceeing with me.
Himari: Did you know it's important to know about the participants when you're trying to be a good emcee~?
Marina: Fufu. Having lots of information beforehand does give you more options when you're talking.
Himari: Yes! That's exactly why I went around asking the contestants to share things like interesting stories about practice and why they decided to sign up.
Himari: And while I was interviewing them, I met this little girl who wants to become an idol like Pastel＊Palettes!
Himari: She apparently practices their songs every day, and she even showed me some dances on the spot♪
Marina: Aw, that sounds so adorable.
Himari: You should've seen how excited she was when she told me she wants to become like Chisato-san...
Himari: After seeing something like that, I couldn't just sit around and do nothing!
Himari: So I secretly asked Chisato-san to appear on stage!
Himari: And she actually said she wanted to help the little girl with her dream~!
Marina: You managed to arrange a surprise guest appearance, huh...? Nice job~.
Himari: Yes, I did!
Himari: And seeing how happy she looked as she sang with Chisato-san made me teary-eyed...
Himari: I'm sure getting to sing together has motivated her to work even harder to make her dreams come true.
Himari: And I got to play a role in that! The experience not only brought me joy, but it also inspired me because of how much effort she was putting in for her dreams!
Marina: I know what you mean. There's something about people working hard that leaves an impression and motivates you, isn't there?
Himari: Yes! Exactly~. And Afterglow has its own dream of putting on the ultimate show, so...
Himari: I'm determined now to work even harder than before to make it a reality~!
Himari: If that little girl can put in so much effort for her dreams, there's no reason I can't either! I'm going to do everything I can to make our dreams come true someday!
Marina: Fufu, we'll be wishing you the best!
Himari: Thank you!
Himari: ... Ah, I didn't realize the time! I'm sorry, Marina-san.
Himari: I have to go now. I'm supposed to be meeting the rest of the gang at Hazawa Coffee.
Marina: Alright! Good luck with this year's band activities!
Himari: Thank you! Goodbye!
