1485_Himari Uehara_R3 “Just a Bite” Surprise

Gacha phrase: Seriously~? Fine... but just one bite, okay?

<Aiming to Win☆>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Himari: Lisa-senpai~! Huff, puff... Did I keep you waiting?!
Lisa: Nope, I just got here myself, so you're totally fine~.
Himari: Thank goodness~. Thank you so much for coming today even though I asked you so suddenly!
Lisa: It's no problem at all. I just happened to be free☆
Lisa: But why did you suddenly ask me to teach you how to take stylish photos?
Himari: The thing is... I'm aiming to win next year's photo contest!
Lisa: Ohh~! That's a pretty big goal☆ Have you decided what kind of photo you'll take?
Himari: I have! When I went to see the sakura the other day, I saw a flower raft that was just so pretty! I'm thinking of going again next year to photograph it!
Himari: That's why I decided I want to practice while I can. So I'm able to take better photos~!
Lisa: I see~. So that's why you called me☆
Himari: It is! After all, if I want to take good photos, it's best to get advice from someone with a sense for it!
Lisa: I don't know if I have a sense for it... but I can't ignore a request from my adorable underclassman. So I guess I'll do what I can☆
Himari: Yay~!
Lisa: Well, how about we take photos as we go around?!
Himari: Okay! Thank you so much for your help!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Himari: Phew~, I got to take quite a few photos~! Lisa-senpai, thank you for teaching me so much! Hearing about angles and how to apply effects was really informative!
Lisa: Fufu. I didn't teach you anything special, but if it made you happy, then I'm glad.
Himari: I should be able to win next year's photo contest at this rate!
Lisa: Ahaha, I'm happy to hear that☆ ... Gasp! Himari, look, look! The limited parfaits here are super cute~!
Himari: Whoa, you're right! The strawberries are cut like flowers!
Lisa: Don't you think they'd look great in a photo? Let's take photos of them to post online♪
Himari: Yes~! Okay, let's take our photos and eat a bunch~! Excuse me~! We'd like two of these parfaits please~!
(Black cut)
Lisa: ... Ah, Himari! Our parfaits are here!
Himari: Yay~! I've been waiting!
Lisa: Is this cookie shaped like a cat? It's super cute~☆ This'll totally look great online~.
Himari: Mmm~, this is so good~♪ Lisa-senpai! The sweet whipped cream and the tart strawberry sauce go so well together~.
Lisa: Fufu. Himari, you've got whipped cream on your cheek~☆ ... Ah.
Himari: Yes?
Lisa: Um~... I hate to tell you this, but... the photo...
Himari: ... Ahhh~! I started eating before we took photos...!
Himari: And it was such a cute parfait too~...!
Lisa: ... Pft. Fufu.
Himari: Lisa-senpai, please don't laugh~!
Lisa: Now, now, you've already started eating, so that can't be helped. Here, I haven't touched mine yet☆
Himari: Ngh... Thank you...
Lisa: Plus, look, don't you think your parfait has some charm like that?
Himari: Hrm~, do you think so~? I think an untouched parfait would look better though... Ah! I just thought of something good!
Himari: If I bring your parfait here~... and then bring mine next to it to hide the part I bit into~...
Himari: Ta-dah! What do you think of this?!
Lisa: Ah, that's perfect! Whenever I see this photo, I'll definitely be able to remember what happened today~!
Himari: Actually, I remembered something similar that happened the other day... Fufu, I'm glad this photo turned out well~!
Lisa: Mhm. It kinda feels like there's a story behind it! I think it'll stimulate people's imaginations and make them wonder what happened when it was taken♪
Lisa: More importantly, if you're able to take a photo like this, there's no need for me to teach you, is there?
Himari: That's not true~! Please keep teaching me~! Lisa-senpai~!
Lisa: Oh, okay~☆ We can talk about it after we finish these parfaits, so...
Lisa & Himari: ... Let's dig in~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Sakura Spot Search!>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Huh? Himari-chan, what're you doing standing around in a place like this?
Himari: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I was looking at the sakura just now.
Marina: Sakura? Where, where?
Himari: Look, there's a small sakura tree across the way!
Marina: Let me see... Ah, you're right! I didn't notice it at all.
Himari: I just happened to notice it myself. When you actually look for them, you can find sakura like that in surprising places.
Marina: That's amazing, Himari-chan. You're really observant~.
Himari: Heh heh heh~. Just between the three of us, I'm looking for lots of different sakura right now.
Marina: What do you mean?
Himari: The thing is, all of Afterglow went to go see sakura the other night!
Marina: I heard a bit about that from Tomoe-chan. She said they were really pretty.
Himari: That's right~! The sakura were pretty, and the sweets were delicious. It was such a fun memory, I might never forget it!
Himari: That's why I'm searching and making plans, so next year's sakura-viewing feels just as wonderful as this year's!
Himari: We just had a sakura party, so it might be a bit too soon to think about what to do next year...
Marina: There's nothing wrong with that though, is there? I think having something to look forward to is wonderful.
Marina: So, is your search going well?
Himari: It is! When I went looking around different neighborhoods, there were quite a few sakura like the one before that I hadn't noticed...
Himari: There was even an out-of-the-way spot that had a huge sakura tree with no one around it!
Marina: I see. I bet it would be fun to have a sakura party in a place like that.
Himari: Yeah! That's what I thought too, but there were so many good spots, and now I can't decide on where to go...
Marina: Having so many choices makes it hard, huh? What about going around all the spots you found?
Himari: Whoa...! That's a good idea! I'll do that next year!
Marina: Glad I could be of some help. But since the sakura are still blooming, instead of waiting until next year, wouldn't it be better to invite the others now?
Himari: I thought of that too, but I figured it would be nice to have a plan for the future!
Himari: Plus, I'm still scoping out nearby shops with tasty treats...
Marina: That's amazing! You're even looking into food shops?
Himari: Well, if you're gonna go flower-viewing, you'd want to enjoy it with some good food, right~?!
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you're thinking more about the food than the flowers.
Himari: Ohh~, even you're saying that, Marina-san?! Moca said the same thing~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
