1526_Himari Uehara_R4 Shout

Gacha phrase: The legend of Afterglow starts now!

<Like Unripe Fruit>

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

[Convenience Store]

Moca: Hi, hi~.
Himari: Come on, Moca~. You're being lazy with your greetings again~.
Moca: Oh~, it's Hii-chan~. Lemme guess. You were guided here by a sweet fragrance, right~?
Himari: Ngh... H-how did you know that...?
Moca: I mean, there was a commercial saying our early summer fruits fair was starting today~.
Moca: Well, you're the only customer here, so take your time picking something out~.
Himari: I-I don't need you to tell me that~!
Himari: Let's try this again... Hmm, I wonder what I should choose~.
Moca: I think I'd recommend the American cherry parfait~. It has whipped cream on top, and between the layers of sponge cake on the bottom, there's-
Himari: Wait! Don't spoil it for me! I'm looking forward to finding that out when I actually eat it!
Himari: ... Huh? Is this song...
Moca: Ah, it's Roselia's "Sprechchor"~. Come to think of it, it's probably been playing a lot this month~.
Himari: I knew it! So it's even being played at convenience stores~! It really is such a cool song...
Moca: Yeah, that's true~.
Himari: ... Now that I think about it again, Roselia is amazing.
Moca: Mhm. If I announced that one of their band members worked at this convenience store, a bunch of customers might show up~.
Himari: Hey~, that's not what I'm talking about!
Himari: It's not just this convenience store. If it's been played at other branches, then people living in far-off areas we've never been to have all been listening to this song, right?
Himari: Roselia is... Pro musicians are really amazing, aren't they~?
Moca: ... Does that mean you look up to Roselia?
Himari: What?
Moca: I was wondering if maybe you wanted us to become pros like Roselia and share our music with even more people.
Himari: ... Nope, not at all!
Moca: Oh really~?
Himari: I'll always think that Roselia is amazing. But I'm not going to say that I want to put on performances like them ever again.
Himari: After all, we're going to put on a show that'll be even more unforgettable than theirs was!
Moca: I see, I see~.
Himari: ...
Moca: Hm? What's wrong, Hii-chan?
Himari: Y'know, I recalled what you said one time.
Himari: "Afterglow is Afterglow, and Roselia is Roselia." Neither of us is better or worse, so we don't need to compare ourselves.
Moca: Is that what you were worrying about when we saw Roselia at the festival~?
Himari: That's right! I denied it at the time, but now I totally agree with what you said.
Moca: ... Fufu~. I see, I see~.
Moca: Well then, can I tell you one more thing?
Himari: Was there something else?
Moca: Yeah. I said that at the time 'cause we were all worked up and it was hard for us, but y'know~...
Moca: Now I'm thinking it wouldn't be so bad to aim higher with all of you.
Himari: Moca...
Moca: That's what makes us Afterglow, after all~.
Moca: Fu, fu, fu. You've got Moca-chan feeling all fired up, so you better take responsibility, Leader.
Himari: Yeah, of course!
Moca: So, Hii-chan, which sweet are you gonna buy~? Is it gonna be the American cherry parfait~?
Moca: Oh, but the mango pie was tasty too, and the lychee jelly had such a refreshing flavor~...
Himari: S-stop tempting me like that~...! I won't be able to choose just one...!
Moca: Ahaha, now there's the good ol' Hii-chan~.


<RE:START → DASH>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Himari: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hiya~!
Marina: Hey there, Himari-chan. Today's your day for solo practice, right?
Himari: Yep! I felt like practicing, even if it was just for a little bit.
Marina: Ahh, that's right. You're working hard to get into Future World Fes, aren't you?
Himari: Ah...
Marina: How did the photo you took on stage the other day come out? If I remember correctly, you said you needed a group photo for your application.
Himari: U-um... about that. There's something I wanted to tell the two of you...
Marina: There is?
Himari: Yeah. To tell you the truth... we decided to give up on entering Future World Fes...
Marina: Aw, really?
Himari: Yes. I'm sorry! Even though you let us use the stage the other day, we decided to quit with our application.
Marina: No, that's okay, but... was there some reason for it?
Himari: The thing is, when we were taking the photo... no, it was before that. I'd been thinking about the essence of Afterglow.
Marina: You were?
Himari: Yes. To begin with, the reason we decided to enter the festival this time around was that we couldn't forget Roselia's concert from last time.
Himari: They were so incredible at Future World Fes...! The whole time we were thinking that we wanted to put on a concert like that.
Marina: I see... That concert was pretty memorable.
Himari: That's right! Their stage performance was so passionate and thrilling, even we got fired up watching it...
Himari: That's why I got the feeling that if we took part in Future World Fes too, we'd be able to put on a concert like that.
Marina: If that's the case, why did you decide to give up on entering?
Himari: ... Because I realized again that we aren't Roselia. We're Afterglow.
Himari: That's why we've decided to follow a path that's just for us.
Marina: A path just for Afterglow?
Himari: Yeah! We'll follow the path that leads us to the ultimate show that only we can put on!
Himari: So that's why we decided to give up on participating in the festival. We wanted to search for our goal again in our own way.
Marina: I see. So that was your reason.
Himari: Yeah. But I got so wrapped up in that, I forgot to apologize to you. I'm sorry...
Marina: It's okay. I'm relieved to hear you had a positive reason for it. Use the stage for a concert next time, okay?
Himari: Of course! We'll be sure to put on a great concert!
Himari: Fufu. I've gotta work hard in practice~! Well, I'll get to it!
Marina: Okay. Do your best again today!
