1536_Himari Uehara_R3 Summer Memories

<Today's MVP>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Beach Hut]

Himari: Wow! This fireworks set contains super big skyrockets~! Should we buy this one, Ran?
Ran: Nah, it's only got skyrockets. I want something like this one that has sparklers and other stuff in it.
Lisa: Ah, then how about this set here? It looks like it's got a bunch of different fireworks inside♪
Yukina: That's a little too much, don't you think? Udagawa-san and the others are choosing some too...
Tomoe: Oh, get a load of this! A super big skyrocket set! If Himari and the others see this, it'll blow their socks off!
Ran: ... I can hear everything she's saying. Tomoe really is too loud...
Moca: Sounds like they're buying skyrockets, so we should go for the handheld ones~.
Himari: How about this set then?
Lisa: Ah, that looks good! We can play with all kinds of fireworks with this!
Himari: Okay, this one it is! Quick, let's buy it and head back!
Himari: Fufu, fireworks for all♪ Fireworks♪
Ran: Himari, calm down. The shopkeeper is staring at us...
Himari: Ah... Ehehe, whoops.
Lisa: Still, I know how you feel, Himari. Just the thought of fireworks at the beach makes me really excited☆
Himari: Exactly~. This is just the sort of high school girl summer I longed for!
Himari: Coming to the beach of my dreams with my bandmates, and then bumping into Roselia...
Himari: This day is so perfect, I'm scared it's all one big dream!
Moca: Well, Lisa-san and I are the ultimate tag team~.
Lisa: Actually, I think we should thank Himari for all of this.
Himari: Huh? Me? But you guys are the ones who made the plans!
Moca: If you hadn't invited us to the beach in the first place, it would've been up to me or Tomo-chin to bring it up~.
Moca: It would be weird if I suddenly said I wanna go to the beach. And Tomo-chin isn't the type to suggest an outing either, right~?
Ran: Yeah, that would be pretty odd.
Moca: So by proposing this beach idea, you really saved the day, Hii-chan~.
Lisa: Uh-huh! Not only did you suggest it, but your positivity is giving off good vibes!
Moca: So in conclusion, today's MVP is you, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Huh? MVP?!
Moca: As a reward, we'll grant you one wish.
Himari: I-I don't really get it, but are you sure?!
Ran: Huh? Do we have to play along too?
Lisa: Ahaha, sure, that sounds fun! Are you in, Yukina?
Yukina: ... As long as it's not something too outrageous.
Moca: So, Hii-chan, time to announce your wish~.
Himari: What?! I can't think of something on the spot~! Umm, hmm, I dunno~...!
Himari: ... Ah!
Himari: I want us all to hang out again...! How about that?!
Moca: Ooh la la.
Lisa: …
Himari: I don't know when that will be...
Himari: But I really did have the time of my life today!
Himari: So I wanna hang out with you all again, just like this!
Himari: Is that... okay?
Lisa: ... Yeah! Of course~...!
Yukina: ... Yes.
Yukina: I can't promise when it will come true. But, someday.
Himari: ... Yay! Thank you!
Moca: Yep, this is what they call youth~.
Ran: Jeez.... Stop being a know-it-all.
Moca: Oh, what do we have here~? Do you disagree, Ran~?
Ran: ... I never said that.
Ran: Anyway, Himari, I know you're excited about the future and all, but aren't you forgetting about what's in your hand?
Lisa: Yeah, yeah! Today's fun isn't over yet♪
Himari: Ehehe, you're right! Let's enjoy these fireworks and go out with a bang~!


<To Keep Making Memories>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Café]

Himari: ... Fufu.
Himari: Ah, {{userName}}-san?! Fancy running into you here~!
Himari: Look at this photo!
Himari: Yep! My bandmates and I went to the beach of my dreams! Ohh, I'm simply over the moon!
Himari: And guess what? Roselia was there too~.
Himari: It was so incredibly fun. I've looked at this picture a million times.
Himari: {{userName}}-san, I'm sure know this already, but every time I invite Afterglow to the beach, they always refuse...
Himari: But this time, Moca was mysteriously on board with the plan!
Himari: It turns out she was secretly planning a surprise with Lisa-senpai.
Himari: You see, Lisa-senpai wanted to make her last summer of high school a memorable one. But in the end, the trip turned into a wonderful memory for us too!
Himari: It was so much fun, I can't even put it into words...!
Himari: I... want to make more and more memories with Lisa-senpai and the others!
Himari: And not just when we're in high school, but after that too!
Himari: Perhaps that's a little too forward of me.
Himari: ... Sorry, I know I'm rambling! I'm just so happy you're here to listen!
Himari: It was such an amazing day... I've been dying to tell someone about it!
Himari: ... Ah, Lisa-senpai just sent me a message! Let's see here...
Himari: She says, "I'm free right now. Would you like to go eat that newly-released cake with me?"
Himari: Wow, I'd better go now!
Himari: {{userName}}-san, thank you so much for listening to my story!
Himari: See you next time at CiRCLE!
