1631_Himari Uehara_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Yeah! Isn't it cute~?

<After Work>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Fast Food Store]

Himari: Sorry, guys! I know we had plans to celebrate my birthday, but I ended up making you wait until work ended...!
Tomoe: Well, with two guys sick, somebody had to cover for them. I just wish I could've taken care of everything by myself instead.
Himari: What? No! Today was supposed to be your day off, too, Tomoe! I can't thank you enough for signing up for the same shift as me~!
Moca: It really was nice of you guys to help on such short notice~. Now enjoy your well-deserved freedom~.
Tsugumi: I'm sure even a birthday party like this can become a great memory!
Ran: Yeah... As long as it's not all the time, I think it's not bad.
Tomoe: Alright, let's get started then. I've already asked the manager to have things ready~.
Tomoe: Ta-dah~! Instead of cake, you get a super deluxe birthday burger!
Moca: Oh~, it's huge~. There's even a candle~.
Tomoe: Fu, fu, fu. Preparing it without Himari finding out wasn't easy, I'll tell you that~.
Tsugumi: Okay, Himari-chan, could you hold the burger so that we can all take a picture together?
Himari: Sure! Ah, actually, give me a minute!
Himari: Let me just write down the date on this sandwich board so that it's obvious that this is for a birthday party!
Ran: Don't you sometimes use that for weird stuff like today's burger fortune?
Himari: Yeah! I'm actually the one in charge of the board!
Himari: Usually, this is for recommending items, but sometimes there's just nothing to write. When that happens, I get to have free reign to do whatever I want~.
Tsugumi: I didn't know that! Maybe I'll come by and take a peek from now on.
Moca: Hm, this should be interesting~. So, Hii-chan-sensei, what will today's masterpiece be~?
Himari: Jot down the date... Draw a quick picture... And there! Done!
Ran: ... This drawing... Is it supposed to be that mascot you gave us a while back?
Himari: Yeah! Isn't it cute~?
Ran: ...
Moca: I don't know about cute~. It's more... profound?
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... Alright, let's put the sandwich board on the table and take a picture.
Tomoe: Sounds good! Huddle up, guys~! Ready~?
Tsugumi: Happy birthday, Himari-chan!
Ran & Moca & Tomoe: Happy birthday. Happy birthday~. Happy birthday!
(White cut)
Himari: Oh, you guys... I really appreciate it though! Thanks so much~!


<Pair Photo Tour>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara)

[Fast Food Store]

Himari: Phew, another day at work over at last!
Kanon: You definitely earned it, Himari-chan. You were working so hard.
Himari: Kanon-san! Thanks!
Himari: Not as much as you though. The way you handled the chaos of register duty was truly a sight to behold!
Kanon: Oh, that was more desperation kicking in than anything...
Kanon: By the way, um... there's something I actually want you to take a look at.
Himari: I don't mind... but are you sure it's me you want?
Kanon: Mm-hmm. It's this mini sandwich board.
Himari: Wow, these are the new items we're recommending, right? They look so cute!
Himari: The way you draw is so soft, and it makes the food look really good too!
Kanon: E-ehehe... Really?
Himari: Yeah! Sales will go through the roof for sure!
Himari: You've done an amazing job, and that's my opinion as the person in charge of the sandwich board! I need to make sure my drawings are just as good!
Himari: Now, let's take a look at that next board...
Himari: Hm? "Happy birthday, Himari-chan." W-wait...What~?!
Kanon: I actually wanted to have it ready on your birthday, but it was your day off... so it ended up becoming today instead.
Kanon: Here's your present from the entire crew. It's an assortment of snacks.
Himari: R-really?! Are you sure I can have these?! Wow~, thanks so much!
Himari: Aw, I'm so glad to be alive~!
Kanon: It's not such a big deal... but I'm glad you like it at least.
Himari: I'm way beyond happy!
Himari: I'm so taking a picture with this board and showing everyone! Oh, yeah. Would you like to be in it too?
Kanon: Uh... M-me...?
Himari: I want to show off to everyone that you celebrated my birthday! Please~!
Kanon: U-um... Okay, as long as you're in the picture too...
Himari: Great! Alright... Ready~? Say cheese!
Himari: Looks perfect! Now I need to go around and see if I can get pair photos with the rest of the crew.
Kanon: Fufu, what a great idea. I bet this will be a great memory.
Himari: Yeah! I'm going to go and ask everybody!
Himari: Hey~, guys~! I have a favor to ask~!
(Black cut)
