1649_Himari Uehara_R3 Feelings Eternal

<Feelings in a Letter>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Himari: Ah, Rimi! They still have the same letter writing set!
Rimi: You're right...! Thank goodness~.
Himari: I didn't think we'd make so many mistakes that we'd have to buy more.
Rimi: Me neither. But giving a letter that has even the tiniest mistake would just be so embarrassing.
Himari: I know, right? And since Kaoru-senpai's the one who'll be reading them, it's only natural to want them to be absolutely perfect.
Rimi: Mm-hmm!
Himari: Ah, look! They have more letter sets over here!
Rimi: Wow, these are really cute! There are so many kinds too!
Himari: Yeah~... This one might be nice.
Rimi: A sun letter set? It's so shiny and pretty...!
Himari: Kaoru-senpai is like a sun that shines down on everyone from on stage, don't you think?
Himari: This would be perfect for her!
Rimi: True... Whenever she's on stage, she lights everything up just by being there.
Rimi: Ah, Himari-chan. What about this?
Himari: Hm? Which one~?
Rimi: This one with the roses. I think roses are perfect for Kaoru-san.
Rimi: She's gorgeous and has so much presence...
Himari: Yeah~! She gives a place some real atmosphere just by being there!
Himari: But this type might work too~.
Rimi: Wow, that is really cute! The artwork has such a soft look... Is this supposed to be afternoon tea?
Himari: I think so! Enjoying an elegant afternoon tea under the gentle sunlight seems pretty Kaoru-senpai, don't you think?!
Rimi: Fufu, it does. She's always so elegant and gentle...
Rimi: And she has such a kind way of speaking and smiling too.
Himari: Exactly~! And that's also what's so wonderful about her... Ah, but there are times when she gives off the same feel as this letter set!
Rimi: I so know what you mean! She can have a quiet serenity that's just like this moonlit castle.
Himari: Right?! I knew you'd get it~!
Himari: Kaoru-senpai really is amazing. She's so cheerful, gorgeous, and dignified... It's like all of these different images manage to fit her somehow!
Rimi: Mm-hmm! She doesn't conform to just any one thing, and that's part of her charm.
Himari: Yeah, exactly~! Sigh~, I love how I get to talk with you so much about Kaoru-senpai~.
Rimi: Fufu, don't you do this with the rest of your band?
Himari: They always kinda brush me off. Can you believe it~?
Himari: Well, it's not like they won't listen if I bring it up. They just don't share my enthusiasm, and stuff like this is more fun when you're with someone who gets it, you know?!
Rimi: True...
Himari: Right? That's why we totally have to fangirl over Kaoru-senpai today!
Himari: Ah, R-Rimi! Look! Doesn't this letter set with little flowers also look perfect for Kaoru-senpai?!
Rimi: Oh, it does. Kaoru-san is so kind that she'd definitely be mindful of little flowers like these.
Himari: Yeah! She's always so aware of what's going on around her that she notices the little changes too.
Rimi: There are so many letter sets that I want to use...! I don't think I can decide~. Oh no~.
Himari: Alright! Then that just means getting all of them!
Rimi: What?! A-all...?!
Rimi: But... I guess if I can't pick one... then maybe that is the best way...?
Rimi: Okay, I've made up my mind! I'm also getting all the letter sets we've found!
Himari: As long as we have this many perfect letter sets, it won't matter if we make a ton of mistakes!
Rimi: Let's make sure we show Kaoru-san how we feel...!
Himari: Yeah! We're writing the best letters ever...! Hey, hey, hoh~!
(Black cut)


<Special Gift>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Café]

Himari: Ah! {{userName}}-san. Hi, are you taking a break now?
Himari: I'm here to meet everyone for practice, but I came a bit too early.
Himari: Oh, if it's okay with you, do think we could chat a bit?
Himari: Great, thanks so much~! I've got something I've been dying to talk about!
Himari: You see, there was Kaoru-senpai's Christmas play the other day! It was, like, so amazing~.
Himari: The play was Cinderella, and Kaoru-senpai was the prince, of course!
Himari: Kaoru-senpai as the prince... Just remembering makes my heart throb...!
Himari: Yeah! The ambiance was just incredible!
Himari: It really felt like a play that the entire theater club had come together to create! Everything was so dazzling and like something straight out of a dream.
Himari: Well, it was Kaoru-senpai's final play. I was even more nervous than usual, and it took a few days for the excitement I felt to die down!
Himari: I also wrote fan mail in advance, but I had to redo it so many times because my hand kept shaking...
Himari: Like I just said, it was Kaoru-senpai's final play, after all!
Himari: Me and Rimi initially wanted to celebrate with something really special, but we decided it would be best to just share how we always feel instead...
Himari: So, that's why we decided to write letters.
Himari: Writing fan mail is surprisingly hard, though. I always find myself thinking about how hard it is.
Himari: One minute I'm just writing away, and the next minute, I've got a massive bundle.
Himari: But then there are times when I'm not making any progress because I can't think of anything to write.
Himari: The thing about writing a letter, though, is that you're thinking about the recipient the whole time.
Himari: That's actually pretty amazing.
Himari: If I was getting a letter, I know I couldn't be any happier.
Himari: I mean, I get to receive something that's the result of someone who's only been thinking about me. How cool is that?
Himari: That's why I see letters as a super special present that's just filled with a person's feelings and time.
Himari: Fufu, right? That does sound nice, doesn't it?
Himari: I always find Kaoru-senpai's plays to be so wonderful...
Himari: Hopefully, the letter at least gives her a glimpse of how I feel, and it'd be great if that makes her happy too.
Himari: Fufu, thanks. You're right. I'm sure Kaoru-senpai will be happy...!
Himari: ... Ah! I can't believe so much time has passed already! I have to run!
Himari: {{userName}}-san, do you think we could chat again?
Himari: Yay! Thanks! I'm going to hold you to that~.
Himari: I know it was all so sudden, and I really appreciate all the listening you did! Anyway, bye~!
(Black cut)
