1775_Himari Uehara_R5 When You're Not Alright

Gacha phrase: I'm not going to let you work hard by yourself. We're in this together.

<New Cake>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Moca: It's been a while since we've all come to Hazawa Coffee together~.
Tomoe: Well, we've been busy practicing for the GBT.
Himari: That's right! I'm going to celebrate our band's win by treating myself to some cake♪
Ran: Treating yourself? It's not like you've been holding back from eating cake, have you?
Tsugumi: Didn't you also eat some when we went to restaurants after practices?
Himari: Yes, but... cakes taste different when I eat them before a show.
Himari: Anyway~! Today, I'm going to eat a yummy piece of cake~!
Moca: Wow~! I'm going to treat myself today too~. Tsugu, what do you recommend?
Tsugumi: How about the fig tart? It's one of the new seasonal tarts we've started making recently!
Himari: Oh boy, that sounds delicious! I'm going to have a slice~♪
(Black cut)
Himari: This tart is so good~! It's not too sweet, so I could keep eating more and more~!
Moca: Yes, indeedy~. And it goes great with iced coffee~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I'm glad you two like it.
Tomoe: Phew~, kickin' back after a show is the best~.
Himari: Isn't it?! I'll say it again, but great job today, guys!
Moca: Yeah, great job~. Phew~, I shined so brightly again today~.
Tsugumi: I made... some mistakes during the show... I'm really sorry. I have to work harder...!
Moca: It's not good to be so serious~. You've gotta ease up~.
Moca: Here, watch the master~. Inhale the calm, exhale the tension~.
Ran: Don't you think you exhaled a little too much there, Guru?
Moca: Tsugu, do it with me. Ready~...? Inhale the calm, exhale the tension~.
Tsugumi: Huh? Um... Inhale the calm, exhale the tension~.
Tomoe: Haha, it looks like you loosened up good.
Tomoe: I guess we all wish we would've done something better today, but all that means is we'll come back more ready than ever next time, right?
Tsugumi: Next time...
Himari: Yes, next time. We will play an even better show!
Himari: We'll relax today. Then, first thing tomorrow, we'll start working hard to prepare for the next show.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
Himari: With cakes and tea this good, why not relax and enjoy ourselves a little?
Tsugumi: Okay... You're right. Thanks, Himari-chan.
Moca: Very good, Tsugu~. You've loosened up nicely~. See? I gave you good advice.
Ran: Moca, you're way too loose. How long are you going to be like that?
Moca: Until the next show~.
Ran: Sigh, you're not nervous in the slightest.
Tsugumi: Fufu...
Himari: Hey, Tsugu, even if... something does end...
Tsugumi: Even if...?
Ran, Moca & Tomoe: ...
Himari: Excuse me, I'll have a slice of shortcake~!
Tsugumi: ... Huh?
Himari: Just like this, you can always have another slice of cake~!
Ran: You only want to eat more cake, don't you?
Moca: My goodness, Hii-chan~. If you wanted more cake, you should've said so~.
Ran: You got real serious, so I started listening. Were you just trying to decide whether or not to order another piece of cake or not?
Himari: I-it wasn't only about that~! I was really thinking about how Tsugu was feeling too!
Ran: You sure?
Moca: Hmm~, but I get what Hii-chan is talking about~.
Moca: I get sad when I run outta buns, so I'm always buying more~. I get excited thinking about what kind of buns to get next.
Himari: That's what I'm talking about! Even if something comes to an end, you should still have something new and exciting waiting for you to jump into next.
Himari: And if there isn't, you can find one... I'm not saying we should give up on the GBT, but if you're more open-minded, then I'm sure you'll relax and play better.
Tomoe: Well said.
Moca: That's our Hii-chan. A leader among leaders~.
Ran: Now, you can enjoy eating your second piece of cake guilt-free, can't you?
Himari: Argh~, why'd you have to ruin it~?!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, thank you... Ah, I think your shortcake is on its way!
Himari: Hooray~! I'm so excited~. Your family's shortcakes are the best♪
(Black cut)


<Always a Goal to Chase>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Station Entrance]

Himari: Our next practice can be... Everyone is free on this day, so I think I can schedule time for us to practice at a studio!
Marina: Hrm? It's Himari-chan. Hi.
Himari: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hi. Are you two shopping?
Marina: Yep. What were you doing just now? You seemed kind of serious looking at your phone...
Himari: Oh, did I really? Ehehe... I was scheduling our band practice.
Himari: We were able to make it to the next round of the GBT, so we'll need to practice extra hard!
Marina: Oh, that's right! Congratulations~! I knew you all would push through to the next round!
Marina: I wish we could've been there to see you play. We had to work, so we couldn't make it.
Marina: Did you put on another amazing performance, the same as always?
Himari: Yes! ... Well, I wish that was true. We kind of fumbled a few parts.
Himari: Because of that, Tsugu was feeling down until the results were announced.
Marina: Oh... When things don't go well, it's hard not to think about what'll happen next because of that.
Marina: But that just goes to show how seriously Tsugumi-chan is also taking the GBT.
Himari: That's what I think too! But I... don't feel like everything is riding on the GBT.
Marina: What do you mean?
Himari: When we decided to join the GBT, we entered the tournament with the goal of playing the best show ever... and also creating Afterglow's legend.
Himari: We don't want to copy other bands. We believe that if we walk our own path, then we'll definitely play the greatest show we can one day.
Himari: But I think there must be other paths we can take... to achieve our dreams!
Himari: So I told Tsugu that even if we didn't win the GBT, we would keep rising to the challenge. Because this competition wasn't the be-all end-all for us.
Marina: Fufu, I see. I think that is a wonderful way to think about things.
Himari: Wow, you do?
Marina: It means Afterglow has endless potential.
Marina: Viewing your band with an open mind is just the kind of thing band leaders do!
Himari: Ehehe~, you think I sound like a leader?
Marina: Yes! I think your words help encourage not only Tsugumi-chan but the others too.
Marina: I'm sure your positive attitude is steering Afterglow in the right direction. So keep working hard!
Himari: Thank you!
Himari: We'll be facing off against Morfonica next. But no matter who we compete with, we'll always give our very best!
Himari: Please continue to support us!
(Black cut)
