1829_Himari Uehara_R5 Let’s Dance Together♪

Gacha phrase: You don't need to stop "trying hard", do you?

<Road to Big Sisterdom>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Himari: So! Here are some photos from the parade! All the costumes were amazing!
Ako: They were all... overflowing with the power of darkness! It's Halloween, after all!
Moca: Everyone was really into it, with authentic costumes and props--.
Ran: I mean, did Himari and the others take pictures with this many people? That's way too much...
Himari: Is that so? Isn't it easy to talk to people you've never met before at festivals like this?
Tomoe: I understand! Maybe it's because of the lively atmosphere, I feel like we can communicate with each other!
Tsugumi: You're right. There are plenty of topics to talk about!
Ako: Thanks to this, Ako was able to talk to many people!
Himari: Me too! Oh, just talking about it gets me hyped again. I can't wait for the next Halloween~.
Ran: Himari, it's way too soon to be talking about next year.
Himari: Because it was really fun!
Himari: Besides... I was helping to run the event this time, and I was so happy to see everyone happy.
Himari: Coming up with the plan, the preparations beforehand, and the actual event on the day were all harder than I expected, but seeing everyone's smiles made it all paid off!
Ako: The event was a great success, wasn't it? Ako's glad Ako worked so hard with you all~!
Himari: Ako-chan, your enthusiasm was really amazing. When we were asked to manage the Halloween event, you were the first to say you wanted to do it!
Tsugumi: Oh, I see. As expected of Ako-chan, that's amazing initiative!
Ako: Ehehe... Ako's been indebted to everyone in the downtown since Ako was a little child, and Ako's always wanted to give something back to them.
Ako: That's why Ako was so happy to be able to help out this time!
Moca: Akochin has grown up to be such a great lady, Mom is so moved that my tears are flowing… Sob.
Ran: What do you mean Mom… Also you're not even teary-eyed at all.
Moca: Hmm, that's strange. It looks like my tears are sold out today--.
Ran: Stop messing around.
Himari: Fufu... but Ako-chan, you're really amazing, aren't you? If I were you, I'd probably shy away even if I wanted to do it.
Himari: I wonder if I would be able to manage an event. Or first of all, I would have to consult with everyone else, or something like that.
Ran&Moca: ...
Himari: You didn't hesitate to take the plunge into such a difficult situation!
Himari: I don't think I could have made that decision so quickly. Even as your senior, I'll have to learn from your enthusiasm and attitude!
Ako&Ran&Moca&Tsugumi&Tomoe: ...
Himari: Oh, what? All of you are quiet. What's going on?
Tsugumi: Eh? Oh, let's see... maybe, but, Himari-chan. I think everyone else is just, you know...
Tomoe: Himari... honestly, I think you're the only one who thinks so.
Himari: Huh, w-w-what!?
Ran: A while ago, when we talked in class about what we should do instead of P.E., which became a self-study, you came up with a lot of ideas.
Tomoe: That was amazing, wasn't it? As soon as we started talking about what to do, you raised your hands, saying “I know, I know!"
Tsugumi: But thanks to Himari-chan's initiative in coming up with ideas, everyone in the class felt more comfortable expressing their opinions.
Moca: I remember that happened--.
Moca: Oh...? Come to think of it, you served as the host for a singing contest in the downtown. Didn't you say you made a decision on the spot when you were asked to do it?
Tsugumi: That's right! Fufu... It reminds me of a lot of things.
Tsugumi: When you were asked by Marina-san, "How about hosting an Afterglow event?", you answered immediately, “I'll do it!"
Ran: Though in the end, we couldn't do it because of our schedule.
Tomoe: Ah, one more thing. The other day, we met everyone from Poppin'Party in front of the studio...
Himari: Wah~~! Stop it! I won't look cool if you say things like that!
Himari: I did say all of that, but it was like a conditioned reflex, without thinking at the time!
Ako: Hahaha! That's just like you, Hii-chan!
Himari: Oh, even Ako-chan~~.
Ako: Fufu, sorry. But Ako's glad. Hii-chan, you haven't changed at all.
Himari: I haven't changed at all?... What do you mean?
Ako: Whenever you come across something that looks even a little bit fun, you don't hesitate to start it! Ako's always loved that about you!
Ako: Ako also wanted to be like that someday... Maybe, that's why Ako wanted to help out with the Halloween event this time too!
Himari: Oh... Ako-chan~! I never imagined that you thought about me like that...!
Himari: Ugh... I'm gonna keep trying my best to be someone unashamed of how you feel about me, Ako-chan!
Tsugumi: Fufu, Himari-chan, you're just like her big sis.
Himari: ...! This is how a big sis feels...!
Himari: Ako-chan! You can call me "Big Sis," too!
Tomoe: Alright hold up, that's my privilege! Even if it's you, Himari, I can't give up that right~.
Moca: And so, the heated battle for the position of Ako-chin's older sister began~.
Ako: That sounds fun! Fufufu. The path to becoming Ako's Big Sis is long and hard, Hii-chan.
Himari: No way~!
Himari: But I won't give up! I'll definitely reach it someday...


<Upperclassman/Friend>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Residential Area]

Himari: Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Are you out shopping?
Marina: Hi, Himari-chan! Actually, we're going to hand out candy at the reception. So we're here today to prepare for that.
Himari: Sounds fun! But handing out candy?... Ah! Maybe, it's a Halloween event?
Marina: Correct! I'm helping out with some band girls having a Halloween event a little later than usual. But still, you've figured it out pretty well, Himari-chan.
Himari: I also helped out at a Halloween event in the downtown a while back. That's when it hit me!
Marina: I heard a bit about that from Ako-chan. It's amazing that you came up with a plan for the centerpiece of the event!
Himari: Nah~ It wasn't such a big deal... Or it might have been! Just kidding... but everyone really worked hard!
Himari: Masuki even dressed up in costume and handed out candy to the kids. We also had the Yamabuki Bakery prepare a special menu!
Marina: The whole downtown was involved in the event. I can see how excited everyone was.
Himari: We also had a lot of help from many other stores in the downtown.
Himari: ... But I think the MVP of this time was Ako-chan. After all, she gave me the opportunity to help with the event!
Marina: Ako-chan?
Himari: That's right. When she heard about the event from the people in the downtown, Ako-chan herself said, "I want to help you."
Himari: She wanted to give something back to everyone in the downtown who helped her. She wanted the children of today to feel the fun she felt long ago...
Himari: All in all, she wanted to make it a fun Halloween event!
Himari: I really felt Ako-chan's feelings! Thanks to that, I found myself saying, “I want to do it too!"
Marina: Fufu, that's great.
Himari: That's right! There were many other things I thought Ako-chan was great at.
Himari: In addition to preparing and discussing the whole event, she also gave advice to the junior members of the dance club participating in the dance events she planned...
Marina: I see, she's already in her second year of high school, right?
Himari: That's a surprise, isn't it? But it seems like Ako-chan is also a good senior in the dance club.
Himari: Even when practice wasn't going as expected and her junior was about to give up, she encouraged her cheerfully and kindly...
Himari: Anyway, she was very patient and accompanied them in practice!
Himari: I was moved just by watching her... As a senior and as a friend, I'm filled with emotion that I'm so proud of Ako-chan!
Marina: I see~... Actually, this is just between you and me, but Ako-chan also said that Himari-chan was amazing.
Himari: Really!?
Himari: I see, that's how it is. E-he-he... If that's the case, I can't lose as a senior any more!
Himari: Now, Ako-chan is shining brightly as a senior... and if she keeps going like this, she'll catch up with me in no time!
Himari: I'll try to work harder and harder to be the kind of senior who people say is amazing!
Himari: If I do that, I feel like we can continue to have a wonderful relationship in the future! As seniors and juniors, and of course as friends!
Marina: Yeah. We're rooting for you too, Himari-chan!
Himari: Thank you very much! ...Well, that was a long story.
Himari: Thank you for listening to me! See you later!
