1867_Himari Uehara_R5 Theme Park Plan

Gacha phrase: I'm so making a ton of unforgettable memories~!

<Best Day Ever Pt. 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Walking Home]

Himari: Guys, let's go to the amusement park!
Moca: Ohhh, what a sudden proposal~.
Ran: We just went last year.
Himari: What do you mean just?! Last year means it's already been an entire year!
Tsugumi: So much happened when we went. It was a lot of fun.
Tomoe: Uh, right. Haha... Yeah, a lot happened...
Himari: Just look at this! They have a new ride now!
Himari: It combines immersive CGI with the thrill of a roller coaster, and it's even part competitive shooter!
Himari: Everyone's talking about it even though it hasn't opened!
Moca: Huh~, sounds like they threw in everything and the kitchen sink~.
Moca: With that much attention, though, the wait time will probably be pretty nasty~.
Himari: Uh... yeah, we might have to wait in line a tiny bit...
Ran: Can't we just kind of delay things until after the hype dies down?
Himari: What? No! That initial hype is part of the fun! They're also celebrating the opening of the ride with events, and I want to check them out...!
Tomoe: Huh...
Himari: Hey~! I'm detecting a severe lack of interest here~!
Tomoe: You're just way crazy excited, Himari.
Himari: Alright... Fine! How about this then?!
Himari: Next show, if I don't mess up any of my parts, we go to the amusement park!
Tsugumi: Um, if you don't mess up...?
Himari: Uh-huh! And I don't mean just playing the bass, I also mean during the emcee segments!
Ran: No need for you to set the bar that high for yourself...
Tomoe: You must really wanna go.
Himari: I totally do!
Moca: Ohhh, you're super motivated~.
Moca: In that case, why don't we watch and see how Hii-chan does~?
Himari: Yay~! Thanks, Moca!
Himari: I am so going to practice extra hard for the next show~!
Himari: Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran & Tomoe & Tsugumi & Moca: ...
Ran: ... Doesn't she know we'd still go even without these conditions?
Tsugumi: Yes, based on what she's told us, it does sound pretty interesting.
Tomoe: Well, all this motivation she has right now will likely help make our show better. Sounds like a win-win to me.
Moca: I, for one, can't wait to find out how Hii-chan's little proposal will play out for her during our next show~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Week]

[After The Show]

Himari: ...
Tsugumi: H-Himari-chan, how are you holding up...?
Himari: Thanks, Tsugu. I'm fi-... No, I'm not...
Tomoe: Stumbling over your words while speaking to the crowd at the very end... Who would've thought...
Moca: After you even managed to play perfectly too~.
Himari: Ngh, maybe I just got a bit too careless when I realized I was almost there...
Himari: Going through the gate, putting on matching hairbands, getting exclusive park drinks, taking lots of pictures...
Himari: Riding tons of rides... Last year may have been fun, but I so wanted us to have an even better time this year.
Himari: I had so many plans... and I just had to blow them all! I'm such an idiot~!
Himari: Ngh, you don't think I can give it another go during our next show do you? I promise I'll work hard until I get it right...!
Ran: ...
Ran: Guys, how about we just go to the amusement park.
Himari: Huh?
Tsugumi: A day with nice weather would be the best. Let me see what days without concerts might work...
Himari: Huh? Wait. I thought we were only going if I didn't mess up during the show.
Moca: No one ever said that~.
Tomoe: Well, except for you, but we never signed off.
Ran: It's not like we were against going. We were totally willing to tag along if you wanted to go, you know?
Himari: G-guys~...!
Himari: This is for real, right?! No takebacks?!
Ran: No takebacks.
Himari: Aww...
Himari: You guys are the best~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Best Day Ever Pt. 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Amusement Park]

Himari: We're here~! We finally made it through the gate!
Tsugumi: It seems a little more crowded than last year.
Moca: Maybe that new ride is working its magic~. It's pretty hustly bustly~.
Himari: Fu, fu, fu. I actually accounted for this very possibility when I put together today's plan!
Himari: So long as we stick to it, we should have the best day ever...!
Ran: You actually made a plan...?
Tomoe: You must be really excited about this, Himari.
Himari: Alright, let's go!
(Black cut)
Himari: Phew~! Ride number ten has now been completed~!
Tsugumi: Thanks to your plan, Himari-chan, we've been able to try out so many rides that we skipped over last year.
Moca: I have to say, it's rare to see a plan of yours going so smoothly~.
Himari: Fufu! That's 'cause I did a ton of research for today~!
Himari: Okay, time for the main event! The wait shouldn't be too bad right now... Huh...?
Moca: Oh wow~, looks like a two-hour wait~.
Himari: Wh-what's going on...?! I heard it should only be like an hour at this time of the day...!
Ran: Maybe everyone heard the same thing and decided to come now.
Himari: O-oh no... Two hours is a bit much...
Himari: ... Yeah, let's just forget about this ride for today!
Tsugumi: Wait, are you sure? Isn't it pretty much the reason you wanted to come?
Himari: I can't make you guys waste so much time for my sake! Don't worry, we can try again when we come next time!
Himari: Besides, just being able to hang out together like this has been more than enough!
Tomoe: ... You may be okay with that, but I'm not~.
Himari: Huh?
Ran: Same here. I came because you said you wanted to try out this ride. If we don't get to, it's gonna feel like there's some unfinished business.
Moca: Come on, Hii-chan, let's go line up~.
Himari: Wh-whoa! You want me to go so badly that you're pushing me? A-are you really sure about this though...?
Tsugumi: Yes, and don't worry, I'm sure time will fly while we're chatting. It looks like that's the end of the line.
Himari: Guys... Thanks so much~...!
(Black cut)
Himari: By the way, how did you do on the quiz the other day? I... kinda bombed it...
Tsugumi: Fufu, maybe we can review everything together then.
(Black cut)
Himari: I put a lot of thought into figuring out ways to avoid messing up my parts...
Tomoe: Then I guess we won't be seeing you mess up next time either~.
(Black cut)
Himari: Once we finish this ride, let's go grab some of those limited-time park snacks!
Moca: Ohhh~. Limited-time... What an alluring ring~.
(Black cut)
Himari: Oh yeah, about our outfits... I've been thinking it might be fun to have you wear something more cutesy during our shows~!
Ran: Huh? Why me? Why don't you just wear it instead?
(Black cut)
Himari: And then... Hm?
Staff: Next group, please. How many people?
Tomoe: Five. We've made pretty good progress. I think we should be able to get on soon.
Himari: Oh, it looks that way! Um, really sorry about the two-hour wait.
Ran: Huh? Has it really been two hours? It didn't feel that long at all.
Moca: That  took less time than it does to prepare some instant cup ramen~.
Tsugumi: That's how it felt for me as well... I think it was because of you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Huh, me?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm. We were able to enjoy the wait because you had fun things to say the entire time.
Ran: True. You never ran out.
Himari: R-really... Ehehe, well, thanks for being willing to tough it out.
Staff: Will the next group of five please come this way!
Himari: Oh, looks like our turn's here! Let's go!
(Black cut)
Himari: That was amazing~!
Ran: Yeah... I think it even managed to outdo everything I'd heard about it.
Tsugumi: The starry sky at the end was so pretty too.
Tomoe: Man, I was doing so well for most of the shooter part until you managed to score all those points at the very end, Moca...
Moca: Fufu~. They call me The Sniper for a reason~.
Himari: It sounds like all of you had fun. I'm so glad~.
Himari: I still felt a bit bad about making you guys come with me because I knew how short the ride was going to be relative to the wait...
Himari: But once the ride started, it was super fun, and I felt so glad we got to try it out together!
Himari: We may not have been on the ride for long, but the fun I had will be with me forever as a memory!
Himari: Alright! There are still so many things that I want to do!
Himari: I'm so making a ton of unforgettable memories!
(White cut)
(Background change)
