1920_Himari Uehara_R5 A Little Moment of Happiness

Gacha phrase: I always want to be honest with Ran.

<Because Of That First Step>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Himari: They're sooooo late!! What are Tomoe and Moca doing~!?
Ran: Himari, calm down. It hasn't been 5 minutes since we came to the rooftop.
Himari: But! Starting today, we can have lunch with Ran on the rooftop. We want to make the most of our lunch break!
Tsugumi: Ah, messages from both of them... Moca-chan has finished her business at the Staff Room.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan says her club activities are about to finish, so I think they'll both be here soon.
Ran: I see...
Tsugumi: ? Ran-chan, what's wrong?
Ran: No, nothing...
Himari: Stare~~~
Ran: W-what?
Himari: Aren't you kind of... nervous, Ran?
Ran: H-Huh?　Of course not --.
Himari: But your eyes are really swimming.
Ran: Um! That's because of…
Ran: ... What should I say? I was just thinking about the five of us getting together on the rooftop again, and I just…
Himari: Eh? Why? It's just business same as always for us, right?
Ran: Yeah, but... I kind of feel like it's been a long time.
Ran: Even though it hasn't been long since then, I always find myself wondering what I was doing...
Tsugumi: I see, so Ran-chan, you've been looking a little strange during recess, haven't you?
Tsugumi: You were so nervous when we were talking. I wondered what happened to you.
Ran: Ugh...
Himari: Hmm... Okay! Then leave it to me!
Himari: I'll remind Ran of our "same as always" ways! Pretend you're on a big ship today for lunch!
Ran: Eh, what are you doing? I'm scared...
Himari: Hey~! Why are you getting anxious there~!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... But I really think I'll be fine with you, Himari-chan.
Tsugumi: No matter what time of the day, Himari-chan, you make us feel like us.
Ran: That's true... I remember it was the same at the last meeting.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: Okay, then, let's start the Afterglow meeting~!
Tomoe, Moca, Tsugumi & Ran: …
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ran: With that one sentence, the atmosphere completely changed, and I felt like I was able to talk without any unnecessary tension in my shoulders.
Himari: Really? I didn't mean it that way, but I'm glad you said that~.
Ran: Himari, you're the one who takes the first step when we're hesitant.
Tsugumi: Yes! Thanks to that step, we can become who we want to be!
Ran: Well, not everything turns out well...
Ran: But I think I'm here now because Himari took that first step.
Ran: Thank you so much, Himari.
Himari: Ran...
Himari: Ugh, if you suddenly say something like that, I'll cry~!
Himari: Sniff... I'm so glad Ran is back.
Himari: I'll do my best!
Himari: Nothing has been resolved yet, and there may be times when we all misunderstand each other again!
Himari: I'll never let everyone else and Afterglow fall apart! We'll always be together!
Ran: Yeah. I'm counting on you, leader.
Tomoe: Sorry! I kept you waiting!
Moca: I'm sorry~. Just when I thought I had finished my errands, my teacher asked me to do something else.
Himari: Sniff... Ugh...
Tomoe: Wait, Himari, what's wrong?
Moca: Wow, that's some amazing crying!
Himari: You know, Ran... said something that made me really happy~... Ugh…
Moca: Hmm, in other words, Ran made Hii-chan cry.
Tomoe: Ran~, don't tease Himari!
Ran: Wait, I'm not teasing her...! Say something too, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Fufu... Ran-chan said something really nice. I wish you two had heard it.
Moca: Oh~, I can't believe Tsugu would say that much~. This is curious, isn't it, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: Yeah, I need to dig deep to find out exactly what happened.
Ran: What!? I'm definitely not going to tell you!
Tomoe: You can tell me~. We're friends, aren't we?
Moca: Come on, Ran-kun, just confess quickly. What did you say to Hii-chan?
Ran: You two are persistent! Oh, come on...!
Tsugumi: Fufu... Ran-chan seems to be back to completely "same as always".
Himari: Sniff... Fufu... I guess so!


<Why We Try Our Best>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Downtown]

Marina: Hmm~~~, I wonder if the owner will give the OK to plan the next event...
Marina: As the presentation date draws closer, I feel less and less confident~...
Himari: Marina-saan, {{userName}}-saan! hello~! What are you doing?
Marina: Ah, Himari-chan. Hello. We've just finished our lunch break.
Himari: ? What's wrong, Marina-san? You seem a little down...
Marina: Ahaha... I'm a little busy with work. Thanks for worrying about me.
Marina: Are you going to practice now, Himari-chan?
Himari: Yes, I am! The next GBT is coming soon, so I'm going to do it to the max~!
Marina: You're going to do it to the max~. Did something good happen to you by any chance, Himari-chan?
Himari: What? How did you know?
Himari: Actually, I did~~~! Ran and Tsugu complimented me the other day!
Himari: With me around, they could become what they wanted to be! They were counting on me!
Himari: I felt really happy~. I was so surprised because it's rare specially for Ran to say something like that.
Marina: Fufu, that certainly means how much everyone else trusts Himari-chan as a leader.
Himari: Ehehe, I'm glad if that's the case.
Himari: But just as much as that, I'm also helped by everyone else!
Himari: Tsugu gave me courage the other day, and thanks to Tomoe, everyone's feelings were united!
Himari: Afterglow is full of amazing members~.
Marina: Yeah, I know. They're all so cool and dependable, aren't they?
Himari: Yes! That's why I can do my best.
Himari: Because everyone supports me, because everyone gives me power, I can be a leader...
Himari: I want to continue to protect this place where we all can be, no matter what!
Marina: Fufu, it's wonderful to have a relationship where you can respect each other, isn't it?
Marina: While talking with Himari-chan, I feel kind of energized.
Himari: Really!? ... Oh, yeah! Then, you should try Hazawa Coffee's seasonal strawberry mille crepe!
Himari: It's so delicious and it'll make you feel much better. It'll also give you a lot of courage!
Marina: Oh, really? Thank you. I just needed some courage, so I'll stop by on my way home.
Himari: By all means! Well then, I'd better get going. Good luck with your work, you two!
Marina: Yeah. Good luck with your practice too, Himari-chan.
