1986_Himari Uehara_R4 Because I'm The Leader,

Gacha phrase: No, no! I won't cry yet.

<A Moment That Will Never Fade>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Family Restaurant]

Himari: Mmm~ I'm full!
Moca: Man~ Today's hot sandwiches were especially delicious~.
Tsugumi: Truly, a meal tastes so much better after you've given it your all.
Tomoe: That's right. Ah, we did a really great performance.
Ran: I agree. ... It was great today.
Ran: I really believe so, from the bottom of my heart.
Himari: Indeed, we all were really great! It was a lot of fun~!
Himari: Actually, I'd like to tell you guys something~...
Tsugumi: Something to tell us?
Himari: You know, I have something to give you after today's live show.
Himari: ... These ones! I wanted you all to receive them!
Ran: Are these... albums?
Tomoe: They're the albums of the five of us... Afterglow's albums.
Himari: The contents are the same, but I wanted everyone to have one, so I made them for each of you.
Tsugumi: That's amazing, Himari-chan! When did you get them done...?
Himari: Ehehe... Actually, I came up with the idea a while ago, and I've been working on it steadily ever since...
Ran: It's pretty elaborate... Himari, you really like this kind of stuff.
Tomoe: Oh, it's just like Himari, so carefully made and... This kind of thing makes me so happy.
Tsugumi: Thank you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Don't thank me! Here, look. They're all in order from the old days!
Moca: Oh, it's a picture of me in the first year of high school~. There was a time like this~.
Tomoe: This one is from Girl Jam. I remember it all started when Tsugu said we should participate in it.
Tsugumi: Fufu, a lot of things happened back then.
Himari: It was only a few years ago, but it feels so nostalgic.
Moca: You all look so young~.
Tomoe: This is from our first expedition. It was a lot of work then too--.
Himari: We all brought different costumes~! We were in a big panic in the car~.
Ran: I really wonder how we managed to get through it all.
Tsugumi: Yeah, it was just like us. We're really grateful to Marina-san for all her help.
Himari: We were supported by so many people, and we really felt that we were Afterglow~.
Tomoe: Right. Whenever something happened, I always felt like someone was helping us.
Himari: When I was making the album, I remembered many things happening to us, and I was so touched.
Himari: I'm glad I saved a lot of photos in the group chat after all~.
Moca: Man~, I can feel how much Ran has grown~. At first you didn't even want to have your picture taken. Sob...
Ran: Shut up, Moca. If you're being photographed as much as this, you'll get used to it eventually.
Tsugumi: This picture was taken by Ran-chan, right?
Ran: Yeah, you're right... I'm surprised you remember.
Tsugumi: I do. I was so happy when you sent me the picture after all.
Ran: ... I see.
Tomoe: But it must have been hard to put all these together. And for all of us, right?
Tomoe: Himari must have been pretty busy, I wonder how you could find the time.
Himari: Ehehe, I stayed up a little late...
Himari: But I was so happy I came up with such a good idea that I definitely wanted to finish it.
Himari: We won't be working as a band of five members for a while, but I thought this album would cheer us up a little.
Moca: It's true, maybe it's a nice idea coming from you, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Come on, what do you mean, "coming from me"~?
Ran: ...Himari. Thanks.
Himari: Wait, Ran, don't suddenly change it up like that! You're making me feel embarrassed!
Himari: But I'm glad you're happy. Take good care of them, you guys.
Ran: ... Okay. I got it.
Tomoe: Ran, you're being awfully honest.
Ran: That's fine... Huh? there's nothing on the last page.
Himari: Actually... I was worried about which picture I should choose, but I couldn't decide...
Moca: So you left it blank.That's so much like you, Hii-chan--.
Tomoe: If so... how about we take it here, right now?
Tsugumi: Oh, right now?
Tomoe: Yes, now! It's to commemorate the completion of G.B.T!
Ran: Well... that's good, isn't it?
Tomoe: That's a deal! Now, let's get a shot of it! Come on, let's put our faces in the middle of the table...
Tsugumi: Like this? Are you all in the picture?
Moca: Okay. Here you go, Ran. Smile, smile.
Ran: I know, I know... Then, Himari. Please take care of the shutter.
Himari: ...Yeah! Here we go... Say, cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<After A Lot Of Crying>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Himari: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Marina: Hello, Himari-chan. Good job on G.B.T. finals!
Himari: Thank you very much. I really appreciate all the help you gave us during the period before the finals. It really helped us a lot!
Himari: Thanks to your flexibility, Marina-san, we were able to practice a lot.
Marina: No, not at all! I wanted to help you as much as I could.
Himari: Especially on the day before the finals, we got in your way for a very long time...
Himari: I didn't get a chance to thank you properly that day. Um, was it okay...?
Marina: No worries. Since you guys didn't come out after your booked hours, I wondered what was going on, so I went to check on you all.
Marina: You seemed to be having a serious discussion, so I took the liberty of extending your booking.
Himari: Wow, I'm sorry... That's how it was after all!? Thank you so much...
Marina: Don't worry about it. It's better to talk about important things when you can.
Marina: But when you came out of the studio, I was a little surprised to see everyone's eyes were red and swollen.
Himari: Ehehe... Well, we all got really worked up...
Marina: That's right. I thought that's how hard you all were working for Afterglow.
Himari: Yes. Really, that day, we were able to share our feelings with each other.
Himari: Thanks to the support from Marina-san and many other people, we had no regrets about G.B.T. finals.
Marina: Yeah, I'm glad to hear that.
Himari: Thank you very, very much.
Himari: We were going to burn out here... We had such a great live show!
Marina: What do you mean by burning out...?
Himari: Actually, in order to face flower arrangement firmly, Ran decided to quit the band.
Marina: What!? Is that so...? You mean that's why you guys were talking so seriously?
Himari: Yes... We won't be using CiRCLE as the five of us for a while.
Marina: That will be very sad...
Himari: Oh, but I'm sure we'll do some personal training! Please help us out then!
Marina: Yeah, yeah, of course. I'll always be waiting for you guys.
Marina: And not only as Afterglow, we're supporting all five of you, each and every one of you.
Himari: Marina-san...!
Himari: I still have a lot of doubts and worries... but I hope that one day all five of us can stand on the stage together with a smile.
Himari: To that end, I'll try to do the best I can!
Himari: Thank you so much as always. I look forward to working with you again!
