2184_Himari Uehara_R5 You Beneath the Sunlight

Gacha phrase: T-Tomoe!? Were you watching me the whole time!?

<Memories After All Pt. 1>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Park]

Himari: Made it in time~!
Himari: Phew. Getting ready took longer than I thought—almost didn’t make it to the meetup~.
Himari: Tomoe’s not here yet... But I guess she’ll show up right on time?
Himari: I should at least text her that I’ve arrived... Hm? A message from Tomoe... let’s see...?
Tomoe: “I think I’ll be there in about 10 minutes!”
Himari: Ten more minutes? That’s totally late! Geez, Tomoe~... Wait, huh...?
Himari: ...Did I mess up the meeting time!?
Himari: Well, I just got here earlier than the actual time, so it’s fine! Better than being late, right?
Himari: Hmm, what should I do... It’s not like I’ve got enough time to go hang out somewhere~...
Himari: Well, guess I’ll just sit and chill for a bit.
Himari: Man, I rushed here thinking I was late~.
Himari: If Tomoe finds out, she’s totally gonna tease me. “You were that excited to hang out~!?” or something.
Himari: I wish Ran and the others could’ve come too...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Earlier]

[Walking Home]

Ran: ...A shopping mall?
Himari: Yeah! You’ve gotta take the train to get there, but it’s about to have its grand opening!
Himari: They’ve got a ton of stores, and there’s a special event going on for the opening!
Himari: So I was thinking, wouldn’t it be fun if we all went together on our day off?

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: (There were so many things I wanted to check out—I just thought it'd be super fun if we all went together.)

(Memory cut-out)

Ran: This weekend...? Nah, I’ve got family stuff.
Moca: Me too~ I’m working both Saturday and Sunday~.
Tsugumi: Me too. I have to help out at the shop this weekend...
Himari: Eh~! I see, that’s such a bummer...

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: (The grand opening event was only on the first day off, so when I was told they couldn’t go, I remember feeling so disappointed.)

(Memory cut-out)

Tomoe: I’m free this weekend.
Himari: Wait, really!?
Ran: Then you two should just go! Tell us all about it next week.
Himari: Hmm, but...
Moca: There are tons of shops there, right~? Then you two should go scout it out first~.
Tsugumi: Yeah, I’m not sure if we could make it through everything in just one trip, so next time I’d love for you to share your recommendations, Himari-chan.
Ran: Exactly. We can always go together another time.
Himari: You guys...

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: (I could tell they were saying that so I wouldn’t feel bad, and it made me really happy.)

(Memory cut-out)

Tomoe: It’s settled then. Let’s hit up that mall this weekend!
Himari: Yeah!
Moca: Oh~ I just looked up the shopping mall, and sure enough, like you said, Hii-chan, there are tons of shops~.
Moca: And not just clothes—look at all these tasty-looking food places~.
Tsugumi: Whoa, you’re right. With this many options, it’d be hard to decide where to eat.
Ran: Himari, don’t overeat just ‘cause we’re not around.
Tomoe: Haha, I’ll keep an eye on her!
Himari: Jeez~! I won’t do that~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: (...Okay, I say that, but I just know I’ll end up buying all kinds of stuff thinking we can share it...)
Himari: (If I do, Tomoe’s definitely gonna tease me~!)
Himari: (...Alright. Today I’m going to be classy. Elegant. Refined...)
Himari: (Yes! Like one of those Tsukinomori girls! All graceful and smiling like, “Good day to you.”...)
Tomoe: ...What are you doing, Himari?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Huh?
Tomoe: You’ve been making like, a hundred different faces over there.
Himari: T-Tomoe!? Were you watching me the whole time!?
Himari: Why didn’t you say something~!?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: I was about to, but you looked like you were having fun. What were you doing?
Himari: Well, that’s~... a secret! A total secret!
Himari: Anyway, come on, let’s go! I’ve been waiting forever!
Tomoe: You know you’re actually early, right?
Himari: Whatever! Let’s just go already!


<Memories After All Pt. 2>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Train]

Tomoe: Hmm, yeah. Looks like we’ve still got time before it opens.
Himari: Glad we decided to meet up early~!
Tomoe: Totally!
Tomoe: Oh yeah, after we made plans, I looked up some stuff about the mall too.
Tomoe: Like you said, there are a ton of stores—looks like it’ll be fun.
Himari: Right~!? There’s shops we didn’t have around here before, and even some making their Japan debut…!
Tomoe: No wonder you wanted to come. Feels like your shopping spree might go long.
Himari: Ugh…! I’ll do my best to keep it reasonable…
Tomoe: Hahaha. We might be here until closing.
Tomoe: Oh, right. I heard there are lots of shops, but didn’t it also say the mall decorations are really elaborate?
Himari: Yeah! The entrance has this big open atrium, and they decorate it with flowers for each season!
Tomoe: Sounds like something Ran would be into. All we’d say is that it looks pretty, but she could probably tell us more about the flowers.
Himari: Yeah, yeah!
Himari: Oh, and I looked into the restaurants and cafes too.
Himari: Everyone warned me not to overeat, and I knew I’d get stuck deciding, so I figured I’d plan ahead…
Tomoe: So, did you pick a place to eat?
Himari: Actually… not yet...
Himari: The all-you-can-eat lunch buffet with fresh-baked bread looks really good, but that’s something I definitely wanna go to with Moca…!
Himari: There’s also a café with really nice-looking cakes, and I couldn’t help but think Tsugu would love it…
Tomoe: I see what you mean...
Himari: The more I looked, the more I kept thinking, “Oh, this would be perfect for the others...”
Himari: And so…
Tomoe: Hm? What is it?
Himari: Ah, s-sorry, Tomoe. It’s just…
Himari: ...I guess I kept thinking it’d be more fun to come with everyone.
Tomoe: Himari…
Himari: Of course, I know hanging out with just you will be just as fun! It’s just…
Himari: Since it’s our first time going there and seeing everything, I just thought it’d be nice to make memories with everyone.
Tomoe: ……
Himari: S-sorry! I shouldn’t say stuff like that when we’re already on our way. You came all the way out here with me…
Tomoe: …Pfft.
Himari: T-Tomoe?
Tomoe: Ah, no. I was actually thinking the same thing.
Himari: You mean…
Tomoe: What if we saved the mall for another time? When all five of us can go together?
Himari: ...…!
Tomoe: Ah, no, if you really want to go today, I’ll still go with you of course…
Himari: …No, let’s save it for next time!
Himari: Because it’ll be way, way more fun if the five of us go together!
Tomoe: ...Yeah, totally.
Himari: So, Tomoe—where do we go now?
Tomoe: Well… since we’re already on the train, maybe we just hop off at some random station and see what’s there!
Himari: Fufu, that sounds fun too!
Tomoe: Alright, it’s a plan then!
Himari: Thanks, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Don’t mention it. We’re pals, aren’t we?
Himari: …Ehehe.
(White cut)
(Background change)
