2245_Himari Uehara_R4 Splash and a Bright Smile

Gacha phrase: Let’s enjoy the beach together~!

<Ocean to the Rescue!>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: ......
Himari: Ah, she replied!
Himari: What~!? Tsugu can’t make it either? Moca and Tomoe said they’re busy that day too...
Hagumi: Hii-chan~! Yoo-hoo~!
Himari: Oh, Hagu! Yoo-hoo~!
Hagumi: Hey, hey, Hii-chan. You looked all "hmmm" just now—did something happen?
Himari: Well, I was planning to go hang out somewhere this weekend, but it looks like all the Afterglow girls are busy.
Himari: Ran said she’s free, but I’m not sure if she’d be into the place I wanna go~.
Hagumi: I see! So where do you wanna go, Hii-chan?
Himari: Hmm, like a sweets tour!
Himari: It’s a really popular place on social media, and apparently they’ve got these super photogenic parfaits. We have to go, right?
Hagumi: Photogenic?
Himari: Mm, like... it looks really pretty? For example... look, this picture!
Hagumi: Wow, it’s piled with whipped cream and fruit! This parfait looks so yummy~!!
Hagumi: Okay, I get it now! “Photogenic” means it looks delicious!
Himari: Mm~... not exactly, but... well, close enough!
Himari: And I wanna do some window shopping too! I want new clothes, and a new bag, and—
Hagumi: Ahaha, that’s a lot of wants! But window shopping does sound fun.
Himari: Right, right!? It’s gonna be so fun♪
Himari: And also~... I wanna go to the beach! I mean, it’s summer!
Hagumi: Wow~, the beach sounds great! We can all play beach volleyball, or make stuff in the sand!
Himari: And we should totally take pictures together with the pretty scenery in the background~.
Himari: If we post them on social media, I bet we’d get a bunch of likes♪
Hagumi: I wanna go to the beach huts too! Having yakisoba outside with everyone is so good!
Himari: Right~!? And you can’t skip Blue Hawaii shaved ice.
Hagumi: And and! I wanna make a huge sandcastle! One even bigger than me!
Himari: That’s awesome! We could all build it together and take pictures—what a great memory that’d be~!
Himari: Wow~, talking with you about this is making me want to go to the beach more and more!
Hagumi: Me too, me too!
Himari: Right~!? Then maybe we should just invite some others and go!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Himari: Okay, who should we invite? Ran’s definitely coming, so who else could we ask~?
Hagumi: Huh? Hey, Hii-chan. Isn’t that Kaa-kun over there?
Himari: Oh, you’re right. And Arisa and Ran are with her!
Ran: Actually, just the other day, Himari messaged in the group chat saying she wanted to go to the beach...
Himari & Hagumi: !
Hagumi: Hii-chan!
Himari: We’ve got to ask everyone now! Let’s go, Hagu!
Hagumi: Yeah!


<Watchful Leader!>

(Character: Himari Uehara)

[Residential Area]

Himari: Fufu, today was so much fun too♪ ...Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hey there. What a coincidence running into you here. Out and about, Himari-chan?
Himari: Yep! Today I went to see a movie with my classmates~ And tomorrow I’m planning to go to the shopping mall!
Marina: Wow~, Himari-chan, you’re full of energy in the summer, too. And you went to the beach recently too, right? Ran-chan and Arisa-chan told me.
Himari: That’s right~! It was suuuper fun!
Marina: Fufu, that’s great to hear. What kind of stuff did you do?
Himari: Eh? Really, all sorts of things! When we had a water-gun fight, Tomoe’s water gun totally stole the show!
Marina: Fufu, did you borrow it from her?
Himari: Nope! Tomoe forced it on Ran. She was like, “Take it, it’ll definitely hype things up!”
Marina: Fufu, that really does sound like Tomoe-chan’s way of looking out for everyone.
Himari: And the beach volleyball got super intense! We did a Poppin'Party vs Afterglow match, and Hagu pulled off this amazing spike!
Marina: Fufu, that’s lovely. Just listening to you is making me feel happy too.
Himari: Oh! Right. What did Ran and Arisa say about our beach trip?
Marina: They both said they had a great time.
Himari: Really!? That’s such a relief~!
Himari: Now that I think about it, neither of them is the type to suggest going to the beach themselves, so I was worried I might’ve pushed them into it.
Marina: Fufu, I see.
Himari: But it seems like the two of them got really close after this beach trip.
Himari: Next time, it sounds like they’re even planning to go hang out somewhere just the two of them.
Marina: So going to the beach brought them that much closer, huh? I’d say that’s thanks to you and the others.
Himari: Ehehe~ If that’s true, then I’m super happy!
Himari: Ahh! Sorry, I totally got carried away talking.
Marina: It’s fine. If you stop by CiRCLE again, I’d love to hear more about all your summer fun.
Himari: Of course! See you later then!
