event202-07 Ending: Our First Step

The girls gather before Uluru and look back at their trip...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[School Excursion - Day Five]

[Uluru / Ayers Rock]

Hina: This~. Is~. Amaaazing! It's humongous~!
Lisa: Seriously, it's such a glorious view...! It's like a mountain, but it's really a single rock.
Hina: That's right! And as big as it is, they say only about five percent is above ground.
Lisa: Does that mean even more of it is buried?! That's crazy...!
Yukina: The wind feels so pleasant. I wonder if it's because this is such an open location.
Kaoru: And the setting sun is beautiful as well. This scenery is most befitting of Australia.
Hina: Yeah~. If we didn't have to travel with the others, it would've had more of an ambiance.
Maya: We traveled freely in our groups the whole time, so it feels like it's been a while since we saw the faces of other Haneoka students outside of a hotel.
Lisa: We'll be heading back to Japan tomorrow, huh~? It kinda doesn't feel real.
Hina: The trip just flew by. And we went to so many places.
Maya: I'll cherish the memory of seeing Romeo and Juliet at the Opera House for the rest of my life.
Kaoru: The play was indeed splendid. However, I was delighted to have been able to commune with the locals.
Kaoru: It reaffirmed to me that fleetingness is the lingua franca of the world.
Lisa: The shopping mall was definitely the best part for me~. It was the koalas for you, right, Yukina?
Yukina: I would not say that.
Lisa: What~? Even though you bought two koala plushies~?
Yukina: Th-that's...! I'm allowed to do that...!
Lisa: Ahaha♪
Maya: Hina-san, what about you?
Hina: Me? Hmm. The whole trip was fun, but... I think the first story I wanna tell Sis about is Lisa-chi's bird nest incident!
Lisa: That has nothing to do with Australia!
Hina: Ahaha! I really had a lot of fun with you all on this trip, though♪
Maya: A lot happened in the hotels and at the tourist spots.
Lisa: Right. I may have said I felt sad at the airport, but once the trip started, there was no time to feel that way.
Hina: I'm sure it'll be like that from now on too.
Lisa: It will...?
Hina: Yeah. I'm sure we won't have time to be sad even after we graduate high school.
Hina: After all, when we took that step to get on the airplane, we found a sight as thrilling as this!
Hina: And it wasn't just Uluru. The Opera House, the Queen Victoria Building, and the zoo were all so exciting!
Hina: It was to the point that it made me think that I've only felt five percent of the excitement I'll feel in my whole life.
Hina: When I think about how I've got that unimaginable ninety-five percent waiting for me, I can't help but feel pumped for graduation!
Lisa: That definitely seems like something you would think...
Lisa: But I think I get it. I'm supposed to be excited about going to university.
Hina: Ah, but it's not like I'm saying you shouldn't be sad about graduating.
Hina: You're sad because you treasure the people you met at Haneoka, right?
Hina: I think I sorta get why you feel that way too. The friends I made at school are just so funny!
Hina: So you should treasure your memories and bring them along into the future.
Lisa: Yeah... You're right!
Maya: Hina-san...! Ngh... That was so touching.
Kaoru: As one would expect of our student council president. What a delightful sentiment.
Yukina: Lisa, would you like to use my handkerchief?
Lisa: I-it's okay! I'm not crying!
Lisa: But... yeah. I feel kinda relieved now.
Lisa: My precious memories have all of you in them...
Lisa: If what Hina says is true, I guess I can move toward the future with all of you.
Lisa: You guys... I hope you'll all stick with me!
Hina: Of course!
Lisa: Ehehe... This is kinda embarrassing.
Kaoru: On the contrary, it is a magnificent step toward the future... And your words will undoubtedly become an irreplaceable memory.
Hina: Lisa-chi, you sure know how to say nice things out of the blue.
Lisa: Ohh~, you guys are flattering me too much~.
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Um, could I have a word with everyone?
Lisa: What's wrong, Yukina?
Yukina: I believe the number of people in the area has suddenly dropped...
Hina: Huh? You're right.
Maya: Does this mean...?!
Lisa: Oh no! We forgot about the return bus time!
Maya: Th-this isn't good. Even if we run at full sprint right now, we'll only barely make it!
Lisa: We screwed up at the last possible second~! Everyone, let's hurry~!
Yukina: Good grief...
Kaoru: To think we would even forget the passage of time. Ahh, odysseys are ever so fleeting.
Maya: Ohh, please wait~!
Hina: Ahahahaha! It's so awesome that something this funny would happen at the end of our trip♪
Hina: I'm so glad I went to school at Haneoka!
Lisa: Please hold that bus! We're getting on~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
