event202-03 Chapter 2: The Winds of Verona

Maya and Kaoru talk excitedly after watching a play at the Opera House.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[School Excursion - Day Three]

[Opera House]

Maya: Sigh~... That was a wonderful production...
Kaoru: Indeed. It was faithful to the original while also offering an avant-garde perspective... What a magnificent Romeo and Juliet.
Lisa: Seriously, it was so good~... The church scene nearly got to me~...
Yukina: You say that, yet you were completely in tears.
Lisa: Oh, come on~! A couple deeply in love met a horrible fate because of a miscommunication... Even though there could've been a future where they had a happy ending...
Hina: You were totally absorbed in watching. Were you able to follow along even though it was all in English?
Lisa: I didn't understand most of the words. But Kaoru and Chisato played the roles during the Culture Festival in our second year, right?
Lisa: That's how I knew what was going on. But the tear-jerker points might've been different than the ones at the festival.
Maya: That is the difference between play productions!
Maya: Even if the script is the same, deciding which scene to emphasize to the audience or where to place the emotional climax... That is all set up by the producer.
Maya: When we put on Romeo and Juliet at Haneoka, we directed it in a way that would highlight the balcony scene where the pair profess their love for each other!
Lisa: That scene was so good! I remember how it made my heart ache to the point I forgot that it was Kaoru and Chisato acting it out~.
Kaoru: The rendition we saw but a moment ago gave off a strong nuance of tragedy rather than a tale of love and romance.
Maya: Right! It almost gave the impression that the rest of the play was just to set up the last scene.
Maya: And yet, I watched the play while captivated by the breathtaking developments from start to finish! The lighting and background music was innovative as well...
Maya: The scene changes were handled with astounding speed, so I was blown away by the staff's work!
Kaoru: I was most certainly drawn to Romeo.
Kaoru: Romeo's emotions came to me with the mere shift in their fingertips and gaze. What's more, I could feel the blowing winds of the setting of Verona upon my cheek.
Kaoru: If I were permitted to do so, I would have liked to ask how they acquired such subtle and fleeting acting prowess.
Maya: As I recall, the program features a conversation between the performers. Romeo's performer is included, so there might be some useful reference to their acting skills!
Maya: Umm, if I'm not mistaken... Here it is. It's this page! It's written in English, but if we use a translation app, I'm sure we can read it somehow.
Kaoru: Ahh, Maya...! Such swift work and consideration. I would expect no less from the great stage director of Haneoka's theater club. My heart brims with gratitude to you...!
Maya: You're exaggerating. Huhehe. Okay, I'll read it now. Um~...
Lisa: Hey, you two? Sorry to interrupt when you're enjoying yourselves.
Maya: Ah! I'm sorry. We got carried away... Is it already time for us to move on?
Lisa: No, that's not it. Rather than just standing here while you talk, why don't you go to that café over there?
Lisa: You should be able to take it easy for about twenty minutes. The rest of us will be in the souvenir shop☆
Kaoru: My apologies for having made you fret over us.
Lisa: It's totally fine! The thing is, the souvenirs have been making Hina's eyes sparkle for a few minutes now.
Hina: Hey, there are miniature versions of the Opera House! The shape is even weirder when you see it from above!
Lisa: See what I mean?
Kaoru: Fufu. Then I suppose we shall not hesitate to take this time to converse together.
Maya: Thank you very much, Lisa-san.
Lisa: I probably don't have to worry about the two of you but make sure you don't go off anywhere without asking.
Maya: Of course not.
Lisa: Okay☆ Well, have fun!
Lisa: Come with me, Yukina♪ Wouldn't your dad like a souvenir from the Opera House?
Yukina: You're right. When I told him during dinner one night that we would be coming here, he seemed very interested.
Lisa: I see~. He's always doing a lot for me, so I'll buy him something here too!
Kaoru: It is a blessing to have such a dependable leader. With Lisa here, our journey is sure to be a peaceful one.
Maya: ...
Maya: Is Lisa-san enjoying this trip?
Kaoru: Hm?
Maya: I'm not sure, but I feel like she's being considerate of the people around her, so her enjoyment is taking a back seat...
Kaoru: School excursions are monumental events of high school life, after all.
Kaoru: She may very well be thinking of making this a spotlessly exceptional memory.
Maya: Right...
Kaoru: I do not believe we need to fret tremendously so. Even now, it seems she is enjoying herself in her own way.
Kaoru: Additionally, even if we were to express to her our desire for her to enjoy herself more, it would likely prove ineffective considering her personality.
Maya: That's the hard part since she is a serious person with a strong sense of responsibility...
Kaoru: What say you to watching over her for now? I have no doubt the winds blowing over this vast land will unravel the bindings of her heart.
