event202-06 Chapter 5: Fluffy and Cuddly

The girls arrive at the zoo to take pictures with the koalas.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Sydney - Zoo]

Lisa: Yukina, look! That tiny bear-like animal looks like it's smiling. It's so cute~!
Yukina: It also looks like a mouse... What kind of animal is it?
Hina: It's a quokka. They say that if you're lucky, you can even encounter one out in the wild.
Lisa: I see~... Ah, it looked over here♪
Kaoru: Those must be kangaroos over there. They are slumbering quite pleasantly.
Maya: They certainly do look comfortable... Seeing them lying down, they almost look like a father resting on Sundays.
Yukina: I must say, there are many unusual animals. I only recognize the penguins and kangaroos.
Hina: Isn't that because Australia has lots of native animals?
Yukina: I see...
Yukina: (I wonder if there are any felines...)
Hina: I might go see the emus.
Maya: Hina-san, please wait! We made reservations to take a picture with a koala, so let's go see the emus later.
Hina: Oh, right. I forgot we made a special booking for that.
Maya: Ah, it's that building over there. Let's go!
Maya: Just as a reminder to everyone, you mustn't touch the koala.
Lisa: It's outlawed by the state, huh? That's too bad. I wanted to touch one since we're here~.
Hina: But apparently, we can get really close to them. I heard it's okay for us to stand next to the trees the koalas are clinging to.
Lisa: Oh, wow! So when we take pictures, we'll stand with the koala's tree in the center. In which case, only one or two people would be next to it~.
Kaoru: What does everyone say to having Yukina be at the koala's side? Among our group, she was the most captivated by the zoo, was she not?
Yukina: No, I'm not that interested in koala-
Lisa: Aw, come on, Yukina☆ If you miss this chance to take a photo with a koala, who knows when you'll have another one?
Lisa: They look so fluffy and cute up close. Just get a photo next to it♪
Hina: Ah, it's already our turn! C'mon, Yukina-chan, this way!
Yukina: Don't pull on me so much, Hina.
Hina: Ta-dah! We're finally meeting a koala!
Maya: Whoa, we're closer than I imagined we would be! It's at the same height as our eye line.
Lisa: It's so cute~! The koala's moving, Kaoru!
Kaoru: It bears a resemblance to a plush animal. I imagine Kanon and Hagumi would be elated to see one.
Yukina: Is it alright to stand so close that I could reach out and touch it...?
Lisa: It's totally fine♪ Um, please take a picture!
Caretaker: Okay, squeeze in!
Lisa: Hm? What did they say...?
Hina: They said to move in closer! Yukina-chan, can you get closer to the koala?
Yukina: Is this alright?
Yukina: (... Now that I look at it up close, its fur is so fluffy...)
Caretaker: Are you ready? Say cheese!
All: Cheese!
Hina: Thank you!
Lisa: Aren't koalas amazing...?! They're so cuddly soft!
Yukina: Yes, they are... Oh?
Maya: Ohh, the koala's reaching towards you, Minato-san...! Maybe it likes you.
Yukina: D-do you think so?
Lisa: That's so cute~! I should've gotten a photo of that~!
Kaoru: Alas, there is naught we can do about it. Let us adorn the moment of Yukina and the koala's emotional bond in the albums of our hearts.
Yukina: ...
Hina: Look, look, here are the photos we just took! Lisa-chi and I have our eyes closed in one of them!
Lisa: You're right! Aww~, I blew it~...
Hina: Why don't you like it? You can't see yourself closing your eyes in the mirror, so this is pretty valuable, y'know?
Lisa: You can't...? Ah~, good point!
Lisa: Hey, taking a closer look, even the koala has its eyes closed! Ahaha, how cute~☆
Maya: Oh, hey. What should we do about souvenirs? There's a large shop nearby, so if we're going to look at them, now is our chance.
Lisa: I'm gonna go take a look! I wonder if they have anything I can only get here.
Maya: Lisa-san, you already bought so much at the shopping mall. Are you planning on buying more?
Lisa: We're overseas, after all. I'll miss out if I don't loosen up a little☆
Maya: Ah, what will you do, Minato-san? If you're going to stay nearby, we can split up...
Yukina: ... Koalas...
Maya: What?
Yukina: I'd like to see the koala plushies...
Maya: H-huh? Minato-san?!
Kaoru: She entered the shop as if drawn into it.
Lisa: She really must've taken a liking to koalas~.
Maya: I see...! It feels like I've seen a new side of her after all this time.
(Black cut)

[Zoo - Shop]

Yukina: (This plushie resembles the koala from before... Ah, but there's one in a bigger size...)
Yukina: (... Should I bring them both home with me...?)
