event202-01 Opening: Hello, Australia!

The Haneoka third-years arrive in Australia for their school trip!

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[School Excursion - Day Two]

[Sydney International Airport]

Hina: We're~! Here~! Australia!
Maya: Ooh~. The airport itself isn't any different from Japan, but the atmosphere feels different.
Kaoru: Indeed. A vast and majestic land unfolding beneath an unobstructed azure sky... That is the peregrine fragrance I perceive.
Hina: I know what you mean. There's an earthy smell in the air!
Maya: I've heard that Japan's airports smell like soy sauce and miso, but each country really does have its own smell.
Hina: I was sleeping during the flight, so it didn't feel real to me, but now that I stepped off the plane, I feel like I've come to a faraway place~.
Lisa: Sorry to keep you waiting, everyone~!
Hina: Lisa-chi, Yukina-chan! Did your luggage come out all right?
Yukina: Yes. Only mine was considerably late, so it was brought out to me.
Maya: That's strange since we checked in our luggage together.
Lisa: I was so surprised. Things went well up until the immigration check~.
Hina: Really? Didn't someone flub saying "sightseeing" in English?
Maya: Ah, that was me. I got flustered when I couldn't follow the officer's English...
Maya: But after I asked them to speak slowly, the check went smoothly. Things surprisingly work out if you're calm!
Kaoru: Fufu. Language barriers are trivial in the face of fleetingness. You convey and receive it... That game of catch is communication. Even Shakespeare said-
Maya: I don't think he said anything about that...
Hina: By the way, Lisa-chi. Did you set your watch?
Lisa: Ah, not yet! Um~, there's an hour difference between Japan and Australia. And it's daylight-savings time right now, so I put it forward one more hour... right?
Maya: Yes, if you advance it by two hours total, you should be fine.
Lisa: Okay, thanks☆ Now I should be good even if my phone runs out of power!
Lisa: We're overseas and moving in groups, so we have to be punctual. As the group leader, I'll be strict about that, so make sure you're all careful too.
Lisa: I'm also the one carrying the portable Wi-Fi.
Hina: We know. You already said that a bunch of times before we departed.
Lisa: You're the one I'm most worried about~.
Maya: Ahaha... Should we start heading for the bus? If we need to be on time, we should probably act quickly.
Hina: Today we're sightseeing around Sydney by bus, right? I can't wait!
Yukina: If I remember correctly, we're also going to the Opera House.
Maya: We'll only be seeing the outside of it though. We won't actually go inside until tomorrow during our free time!
Kaoru: Observing a play in a theater of entertainers active around the globe shall be an irreplaceable experience for an actor such as myself... That is my prediction.
Hina: Yukina-chan, you wanted to go to a zoo, right?
Yukina: I only meant that if I had to choose, I would be the most interested in that.
Maya: And Lisa-san, you wanted to go to a large shopping mall, right? The Queen Victoria Building!
Lisa: Ah, yeah. It's got a load of stylish Australian shops. And the building is pretty, so I wanted to take some photos...
Hina: What's wrong? We came all the way here, but you seem kinda spaced out.
Kaoru: Did you perhaps not have enough sleep? We floated 33,000 feet above the earth for ten hours, so I can understand how you might have felt anxious...
Lisa: Hmm~, that's not it. How do I put it~...?
Lisa: I think I might be a little sad...
Hina: Huh? Why?
Lisa: I mean, once our school excursion ends, we'll be graduating.
Hina: Will it be that soon? I'm pretty sure we still have lots of time if you count out the days.
Maya: Well, everyone has different perceptions.
Hina: Hmm, I don't know about that.
Hina: Anyway, let's head out of the airport already. I wanna see the Australian skies!
Maya: Th-the skies?
Kaoru: Hina's heart flutters at the thought of an endlessly expanding blue sky... Such fleeting sensibility.
Maya: While we will be going outside, we're heading straight to the meet-up area. Please make sure you don't forget!
Yukina: Well then, let's go... Lisa?
Lisa: Ah, sorry. I think I'll snap some pics of the airport before I head over.
Lisa: It's important to make memories, right?
Yukina: Lisa...
Lisa: Look. I can probably get a good shot of the airport gate from here.
Lisa: I'll just set the filter to vivid in my camera app... Mhm, it's super pretty! Now all I have to do is wait for no other people in the shot, and...
Hina: Lisa-chi!
Lisa: Whoa! Oh, it's you, Hina. That scared me~...!
Hina: How was it? Did you get a good shot?
Lisa: You jumped in it so suddenly, so it's all blurry~. I'm gonna take another one. Did you wanna be in it?
Hina: Nah, I'll pass. I just wanted to mess with you!
Lisa: Are you serious...?
Hina: Hey, Lisa-chi.
Hina: If you act too glum, we'll leave you behind.
Lisa: Wait! I'm only taking one more photo!
Hina: C'mon, hurry, hurry~!
Lisa: Ohh~, stop rushing me~!
