event202-02 Chapter 1: Fleeting Communication

The girls are touring Sydney together, but trouble immediately strikes!

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Opera House]

Maya: Looking at it up close, the Opera House is much bigger than I imagined...!
Hina: It's such a weirdly shaped building. It looks like a monster claw growing out of the ground!
Yukina: So there are several theaters inside.
Kaoru: I have heard there is also a concert hall with a grand organ. The school concert band kittens mentioned they are to attend a classic concert tomorrow.
Lisa: And we have the Romeo and Juliet performance to look forward to.
Maya: Right! Romeo and Juliet is the program we put on during the Culture Festival, so I'll study how it will be in the hands of international professionals.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: What's wrong, Yukina? Is there something written on the sign?
Yukina: No... This is a given, but I noticed how every word is written in English.
Kaoru: Quite right. The majority of conversations heard in our periphery are in English. The reverberation of unfamiliar sounds is stimulating as if it were music.
Lisa: I think I might be pretty worried... If we get lost, we'll have to ask for directions in English.
Lisa: If we're all together, I'd probably be fine. But if I ended up alone, I don't feel like I'd make it back to the group.
Maya: The bus guide and our teachers told us repeatedly not to go off on our own and to be on time.
Lisa: Mhm. That's why we should head to the bus while we still have time... Wait. Where's Hina?
Kaoru: Oh? She was right by our side until a moment ago...
Yukina: She's disappeared.
Lisa: What?! This isn't good. Even if it's Hina we're talking about, getting lost while you're overseas is no joke!
Lisa: I'm the one that has our Wi-Fi device, so we have no way of contacting her...! For now, let's all search the area!
Maya: Hold on, Lisa-san! Isn't that Hina-san talking with that girl on the bench over there?
Yukina: You're right. That is her. When did she get over there...?
Lisa: Th-thank goodness~... I thought my heart was gonna stop~...
Kaoru: Fufu. Ever the troublesome kitten.
Maya: Huh...? Doesn't it seem like they're getting really excited? She and the girl are high-fiving...
Lisa: And what's more, her English is like a native speaker's...! I have no idea what they're talking about~.
Maya: She doesn't have top grades in our year for nothing.
Lisa: What do we do? It feels awkward interrupting...
Kaoru: Then allow me to venture over. You and the others can await us here.
Lisa: Huh? Kaoru, can you speak English too?
Kaoru: I told you at the airport, did I not? Language barriers are trivial as long as you are of the mind to convey fleetingness.
Lisa: Wait, will that really be okay?!
Lisa: And off she goes... She's so brave~. I was super nervous even at the immigration check. So were you, right, Maya?
Maya: Right... Still, um, would it be okay if I went over with Kaoru-san too?
Lisa: Huh?! I guess that'd be fine...
Maya: Thank you very much. I'm not proficient in English, but since I have the chance, I'll try speaking it!
Lisa: O-okay. Have fun.
Yukina: Yamato-san seems to have a gleam in her eye.
Lisa: Yeah, really~. It's like she's cutting loose... Could this be the power of being overseas?
Yukina: I wonder. I don't feel anything special right now.
Lisa: Ahaha. You probably go at your own pace too much. But being next to you is relaxing, so I'm grateful for you being that way.
(Black cut)
Hina: I'm going now. See ya!
Kaoru: Farewell. I am sure our paths will cross again.
Maya: See ya!
Lisa: Welcome back, everyone. It looks like Kaoru and Maya were able to take part in the conversation!
Hina: Lisa-chi, listen to this! Kaoru-kun was amazing!
Maya: She didn't speak a word of English. She actually established a conversation using only the word "fleeting" and gestures.
Lisa: What? Did the girl really understand?
Kaoru: But of course. My sentiments reached her, and hers were conveyed to me.
Yukina: What kind of conversation did you have?
Kaoru: She... that is, Jessie was deeply moved at having met us, and the adolescent sparkle of this day will shine in her heart forever... Those were her words.
Lisa: Isn't that a little over the top when you only talked for a few minutes...?
Hina: Ahaha. She did say something like that, though. Kaoru-kun, you're so funny♪
Hina: I can't believe our first day in Australia is this fun. I wonder what will happen tomorrow?
Lisa: Hina. Enjoying Australia is all well and good, but I'm giving you a yellow card for what you did just now.
Hina: Huh? Why?
Lisa: Because I was worried that you might've gotten lost. If you're going to step away, at least say so first.
Hina: Sorry, sorry. After our eyes met and I gave her a quick hello, we both got excited.
Hina: Apparently, the meat pies at that outdoor café are really good. Let's get some for takeout before we head to the bus!
Yukina: Meat pies... I've heard those are popular food items in Australia, but I didn't think they were sold in cafés.
Lisa: It looks like we have enough time to get some to go. But is it okay to do something like that when we're all traveling together?
Hina: I'm sure it is. We were told it's okay to buy souvenirs while we're all together, so why would snacks not be allowed?
Hina: Plus, since we came out to Australia, it'd be boring just sightseeing around places we researched ahead of time!
Hina: With that being said... Can I have this one?
Lisa: Ah, wait, Hina!
Kaoru: I believe I shall partake as well. Excuse me... one fleeting... meat pie... if you please.
Lisa: Kaoru's actually conversing using only the word "fleeting" and gestures...!
Yukina: I suppose I'll have one too.
Maya: I'd like one as well. Um... Can I have this one?
Store Clerk: Okay. Here you are.
Maya: Wow, they actually gave me what I ordered!
Hina: Ahaha, of course they did!
Hina: Chomp... Mmm~! It's flaky and delicious~! Lisa-chi, do you want a bite?
Lisa: No, that's okay... It looks like we've still got time, so I'll try ordering too...!
Lisa: U-um~... Can I have... this one?
