event202-04 Chapter 3: The Night’s Just Getting Started

The girls have been playing cards. Hina suggests raising the stakes.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Sydney - Hotel]

Hina: Hey, has anyone seen my hair dryer? It's the aqua-colored one!
Maya: I was the last person to use the bath, but it wasn't in the washroom.
Lisa: Did you check the room dresser? See? Here it is!
Hina: Thanks, Lisa-chi~!
Lisa: Once you're done using it, you should put it in your suitcase. We've been in this hotel for the past two days, but tomorrow we're going to a different one.
Hina: Yeah~, I know~.
Lisa: The rest of you should be careful too. It'll be a big problem if you end up forgetting something.
Lisa: Also, make sure you're up when your alarm goes off! If you get up when the teachers do their wake-up call, you won't have time to get ready... Okay, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Fufu... Tomorrow I shall demonstrate that I can rise on my own. I am confident that tomorrow will be the day...!
Yukina: It was honestly surprising that Seta-san is not a morning person.
Hina: I know what you mean. Out of these members, I thought you'd be the one that couldn't wake up in the morning.
Yukina: It's only that Lisa wakes up too early. I get up at a reasonable hour.
Kaoru: I heard tell that you were the earliest to rise yesterday and the day before, Lisa.
Lisa: It takes me time to do my hair and everything, so I usually wake up earlier than most people~.
Hina: More importantly, what game should we play today? Is it gonna be cards again? Things got really pumped up after you went to bed yesterday, Yukina-chan!
Yukina: You were still playing cards after that...? You certainly are energetic.
Lisa: I might want to get a fair amount of sleep today too~. I feel kinda worn out.
Maya: In that case, shall I change places with you as the leader? After all, our free time tomorrow will be at the shopping mall you want to go to.
Lisa: Thanks, Maya. But that's okay. I'll take care of things properly, so leave it to me☆
Hina: C'mon, let's play cards~!
Lisa: Fine, fine. You're a little too good at Old Maid, so we're taking out the Jokers and one random card today.
Hina: I'm cool with that! ... Hey, I've got an idea too!
Hina: I'm kinda bored of just playing normally, so how about whoever loses shares a recent embarrassing story?
Lisa: A-an embarrassing story?!
Yukina: I wonder if I have any stories worth mentioning.
Kaoru: If it is to be something embarrassing, that may prove difficult. For even failures glisten fleetingly... Such is the life of Kaoru Seta.
Hina: I can't come up with something right away, either. But I'm sure if I try, I'll think of something!
Lisa: Maya, does this mean...
Maya: Yes, I think so. We may be the only ones embarrassed by our embarrassing stories...
Hina: Okay, let's start the game!
Lisa: What~? How is this any fair?!
(Black cut)
Maya: Hrm~... I'm sure it's the card on the right!
Yukina: Ah...!
Maya: I got the last pair~! I did it! I avoided having to share an embarrassing story! Sigh~, my heart was beating so much...!
Hina: With that being said, the one to share an embarrassing story will be Yukina-chan♪
Yukina: As I said before we began, I do not have any stories in particular.
Hina: It can be something small. Like, you went to the cafeteria but forgot to bring your wallet.
Yukina: I really don't have any embarrassing stori- Ah.
Yukina: (There was that time the other day... As I was going to CiRCLE, I chased after what I thought was a white kitten, but it turned out to be a plastic bag...)
Yukina: (But there's no way I could share something that embarrassing...)
Lisa: Yukina, are you okay? It's only a penalty for a game of cards. You can tell any story you want to.
Yukina: ...
Hina: Do you really not have any? Wanna pass?
Lisa: I know. What about that one story?
Yukina: Wh-what story would that be?
Lisa: Remember? The other day you and I went shopping for items we'd need on this trip.
Lisa: We were talking about how you might run out of the cough drops you always take, and that led the conversation to a bunch of stuff unrelated to the trip.
Lisa: And when I finally realized it, we were at Edogawa Music picking out bass strings...
Maya: Umm... Lisa-san, were you the one that was recalling the items you didn't have enough of?
Lisa: That's right.
Hina: Isn't that more of an embarrassing story for you than for Yukina-chan?
Lisa: Huh?! Now that you mention it...!
Yukina: Lisa...
Hina: Ahaha. It was funny, so it's okay♪ I expected more of a modest story. Like, you forgot your homework or something!
Lisa: Homework, huh~? There's been less of it lately, so I haven't forgotten it as much.
Maya: Right. We are expected to focus on studying for entrance exams, so apparently, starting from this period, there's a policy to give third years less homework.
Lisa: That's super helpful since I'll be taking a general entrance exam.
Maya: Same for me. Wasn't Minato-san the only one of us eligible for comprehensive selection admission?
Yukina: That's right. I'm currently waiting on the results.
Maya: Ohh, that has to be nerve-wracking...!
Kaoru: However, it is as Shakespeare once said. "Your soul is carried to the most suitable place with destiny..."
Lisa: In six months, all of our future paths will have been decided... Thinking about that now, it's kinda scary~.
Hina: Huh? Why?
Lisa: If everything goes well, we'll be college students, y'know? It doesn't feel real... Don't you ever think about what we'll all be doing?
Hina: Hmm, I don't think I'll be all that different. Whether I'm in high school or university, I'm still me.
Kaoru: Fufu. It certainly seems that you would while away your time as always doing whatever piques your interest.
Yukina: Yes, I can very well picture that.
Maya: I'm sure that even when you're a university student, everything will continue to be nice and boppin'♪
Hina: You bet! After all, universities are where you can learn about subjects you're interested in, right? There's no way that wouldn't be boppin'♪
Lisa: You're so strong, Hina... Yawn...
Yukina: That was a rather large yawn, Lisa.
Lisa: Hm... Sorry...
Kaoru: Oh my, I was unaware it had become so late. Shall we sleep so that we are prepared for the morrow?
Hina: Aww, already~? C'mon, let's play one last hand of cards!
