event175-06 Chapter 5: The Other Phantom Thief

When the Happy Phantom Thief is cornered, another phantom thief appears.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Large Room]

Kokoro: Alright! The game's up, Miss Thief!
Hagumi: We just have to catch you, and we win!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Hah. I applaud you, Happy Detectives.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Part of practicing the art of the phantom thief is knowing when your time has arrived. You shall have my graceful surrender.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): This match belongs to-
???: Fu fuhahahaha~!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): What?
Kokoro: What's this laughter...?
Hagumi: Ah! Over there! By the entrance!
Kanon: The Happy Thief?! But she's here... What's going on?!
Hagumi: Wh-which one's the real Happy Thief...?!
Happy Phantom Thief ? (Misaki): Fu fu fu. Yours truly, of course. My dear, dear Happy Detectives, how easily you have fallen for my trap!
Kokoro: You got us good, but that doesn't mean you're getting away!
Happy Phantom Thief ? (Misaki): Hah, capturing me will not be as easy as you think, for I am the great Happy Phantom Thief!
Kaoru: ...
Happy Phantom Thief ? (Misaki): Farewell!
Hagumi: Ah! She's getting away!
Kokoro: Quickly! After her!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Kanon: I-I'm coming too! W-wait for me...!
Kaoru: Who was that...?
??? (Misaki): Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Misaki...? Where have you been?
Misaki: Looks like everyone's gone now. Just as I planned. I figured that'd get them to come after me.
Misaki: As soon as I left, I hid in the room next door and waited till the footsteps died down. I got the idea from what you did with the cutout earlier.
Kaoru: You wanted them to go after you...? Do you mean to tell me it was you who was disguised as the Happy Phantom Thief?!
Misaki: Oh, she didn't realize... Never mind. Why am I even surprised? It's not like she's been able to figure out who's inside Michelle.
Kaoru: Why have you done this? The show was but mere moments away from its climax.
Misaki: If I made you feel like I got in the way, I'm sorry. It's just that the way you were trying to end things didn't feel right.
Kaoru: Not right...? How so?
Misaki: ... You've been trying to tell a story about the Happy Thief that everyone would enjoy.
Misaki: Solve the mystery, have a juicy climax, catch the thief. You wanted something just like the movie that would make everyone smile, right?
Kaoru: Indeed. Kokoro and Hagumi wished to see my Happy Phantom Thief once more, so I sought to satisfy them.
Misaki: That's so like you... But the way I see it, there doesn't have to be an ending.
Kaoru: Pardon?
Misaki: The Happy Thief isn't some fictional character in a movie, so why go out of your way to force their story to end?
Kaoru: Not a character... in a movie...
Misaki: Yeah. For Kokoro and Hagumi, the Happy Thief is a living, breathing person. A living person shouldn't have their story cut short to fit a script. It should go on.
Misaki: The awesome thief those two believe in doesn't have to be captured so easily.
Kaoru: ...
Misaki: Come on, Kaoru-san. The job's not over yet, right?
Kaoru: ... That, it is not. There are still those who desire the Happy Phantom Thief's presence.
Kaoru: Therefore, I...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Hmm~, no sign of the Happy Thief... I wonder if she already got away...
Misaki: Sigh, finally found you guys. Almost lost all of you because you've been running all over the place.
Kanon: I'm so glad you caught up, Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: Where could the Happy Thief possibly be...?!
??? (Kaoru): Hahahaha!
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kanon: ...?!
Hagumi: Ah, over there! Down the hallway! We have to go after her now!
Kokoro: Hold it right there, Miss Thief~!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Oh, you have managed to catch up. It seems we have a draw on our hands, my dear Happy Detectives.
Kokoro: Fufu, what makes you think you're getting away? Once we have you, we win!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... There is no need to fret, Kokoro. This is but a passing farewell.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): As long as you have need of me, I shall appear before you once again.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Until that day comes, I bid you farewell.
(White cut)
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kanon: ...!
Kanon: She vanished...
Kaoru: A pity she has managed to escape our grasp.
Misaki: That's some quick changing, Kaoru-san, even for you.
Kaoru: Hm? Whatever are you saying?
Misaki: ... I wonder what.
