event175-07 Ending: Joyous Epilogue

The thieves manage to escape, but there are smiles on everyone's faces...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Ride Home]

Kokoro: ... We lost pretty hard!
Hagumi: Yeah! I never even imagined the Happy Thief that showed up in the big room would be a fake...!
Hagumi: We did stop her from stealing the precious thing she wanted, but she totally outsmarted us!
Kanon: Fufu... I agree. It really did make me feel like I was a character in a movie, though.
Misaki: ("We lost," huh...? This all turned out pretty differently from Kaoru-san's script, but everyone seems happy, so I guess it all worked out.)
Hagumi: Hey, you two! Look at me, look at me!
Hagumi: "You have my word that so long as you have need of me, we shall meet again."
Kokoro: Oh~, you're pretending to be the Happy Thief!
Hagumi: Mm-hmm! That line was super awesome, so I wanted to say it too!
Kokoro: Here's one from me, then!
Kokoro: "Capturing me will not be as easy as you think, for I am the great Happy Phantom Thief!"
Hagumi: That was so cool, Kokoron!
Misaki: Ugh... I know they don't mean any harm, but this is pretty embarrassing...
Kaoru: Fufu, there is no greater honor for an entertainer, for it demonstrates just how deeply others have been moved by our words.
Misaki: Hmm~... Guess this just goes to show that I'm still more of a backstage kind of girl.
Kokoro: Hey, being a detective was fun and all, but working with the Happy Thief next time as phantom thieves might be fun too.
Hagumi: Oh~, yeah! I wonder what exciting stuff the Happy Thief is gonna do next time!
Kaoru: ...!
Kanon: Cruise ship, castle... So maybe it'll be an airplane next time.
Hagumi: Ah, I saw that one in a movie too! The thief escapes at the end using a paraglider!
Kaoru: Interesting, a paraglider...
Misaki: Uh... Kaoru-san, how about we worry about it if and when the time comes?
Kaoru: Yes, I suppose you are right...
Kaoru: ... Fufu.
Misaki: What is it?
Kaoru: Gazing upon everyone's smiling faces as they converse about what the next act may be like has made me certain that you were right all along.
Kaoru: Had the Happy Phantom Thief been apprehended... they would not be smiling so and talking about a future encounter.
Misaki: ... Oh, so that's what the look was for. Being caught would make it difficult to have a sequel.
Kaoru: Indeed... Though once I sought to bring an end to this tale, I now look forward to the next chapter.
Kokoro: ... I know! Let's make our new song be about the Happy Thief!
Misaki: Huh? I thought you wanted it to be about the Happy Detectives?
Kokoro: I did, but I've changed my mind! Thinking about the Happy Thief just makes me so excited!
Kokoro: I bet putting this feeling into the song is going to make it amazing!
Hagumi: I'm all for it! It sounds like it'll be a really fun song!
Misaki: Seriously~...? Well, if you guys are okay with it...
Kaoru: I cast my vote in support as well. There can be no doubt that a song most lovely will spring forth from you, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Sounds like we all agree then! I can't wait to get to play it in front of everyone!
Kanon: ... Fufu.
Misaki: What is it, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Ah, sorry. It just feels like the Happy Thief has stolen our new song.
Misaki: Stolen our song...?
Kanon: Mm-hmm. Music is precious to us, right? So I thought maybe, you know?
Hagumi: Oh, I get it! The precious thing the Happy Thief wanted all along was our new song!
Kokoro: That's incredible! She managed to steal our song...!
Hagumi: Yeah! She's so amazing!
Misaki: Uh~... Kaoru-san, you're looking awfully pleased with yourself... You didn't plan this all along, did you...?
Kaoru: Fufu. It is... but that.
Misaki: Really...? Oh well, I'll give it to you. This time.
Kokoro: ... Fufu.
Kokoro: I can't wait to see the Happy Thief again♪
(White cut)
