event175-05 Chapter 4: The Fleeting Phantom Thief

The group solves the mystery of the challenge. What does the phantom thief do?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Large Room]

(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: ... The Happy Thief must mean this painting.
Hagumi: Yeah! This has to be it! There's nothing else painted here that's bigger than the full moon!
Misaki: And this is Castle Vollmond, the castle of the full moon... So I guess stealing this painting sort of could count as stealing the castle.
Misaki: In that case... Yeah, this painting probably is the precious whatever.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Alright, Miss Thief~! We're ready for you!
Misaki: (But I wonder what Kaoru-san's plan is now... There's no way she'd actually steal it.)
Hagumi: ...? Did you hear that?
Kanon: Yes, it sounded like it came from behind that vase...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Hahaha, it seems my presence has been discovered!
Kokoro: Miss Thief~! You're here!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): To think you would solve the riddle so quickly. I have clearly underestimated you.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): This calls for a retreat. Temporarily, of course.
Kokoro: Ah! Hold it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Wh-where did she go...?!
Hagumi: Over there! Around that corner! I saw part of her cape!
Hagumi: After her!
Kaoru: Goodness! What is the cause for such haste?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun?! Did the Happy Thief come this way?
Kaoru: The Happy Thief? If she is who you seek, you have but to look behind you...
Kokoro: Behind us...?! Huh? There's no sign of her.
Kaoru: How can this be...? She truly was there but mere moments before you turned around.
Hagumi: Does this mean she disappeared...?!
Kokoro: She must've used magic again!
Misaki: (Kaoru-san's definitely an actor, alright...)
Kaoru: Ah, so all of you are pursuing her. To have managed to corner her is quite an accomplishment.
Kanon: Um, the Happy Thief is after the painting, but none of us are in the room guarding it right now... Isn't this a bit dangerous...?
Kokoro & Hagumi: ...!
Kaoru: An excellent point. But now that we are aware of her target, does this not strike you as an opportunity to lay a trap?
Kokoro: You're both right! Back to the room, everyone!
Hagumi & Kanon: Okay!
Misaki: ... If you're here, it means the painting's still safe, huh?
Kaoru: Fufu, I daresay only the Happy Phantom Thief would know the answer.
Misaki: Fine... Anyway, what were you thinking earlier? Why did you suggest setting a trap?
Misaki: You know it just means they'll catch you.
Kaoru: Indeed, I do. This tale will end with the capture of the phantom thief.
Misaki: Huh?
Kaoru: Playing the part of the detective in the film who captures the thief is what Kokoro and Hagumi desire. That is why there can be no other conclusion.
Misaki: Uh, I dunno...
Kaoru: They have enjoyed solving the little mysteries I prepared. Fufu, my heart cannot help but sing with anticipation for the grand finale.
Misaki: ...
Misaki: ... Oh... So this is how it's gonna be, huh...?
Kaoru: Thank you for everything, Misaki. Were it not for you, this show would not have been as magnificent.
Kaoru: You truly have been my greatest partner in crime.
Misaki: ... Nah, all I did was give you a hand. You did all the heavy lifting.
Misaki: Anyway, I should go join everyone. I'm sure they can't wait for the Happy Thief to show up.
Kaoru: Yes. And I shall go prepare to become the Happy Phantom Thief.
Misaki: ... Hey, suit people? Are any of you around?
Misaki: ... I have a bit of a request...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, it seems I am the only one here.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... This beautiful full moon shall now be mine for the taking, Happy Detectives.
???: Not so fast!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): What...?!
Kokoro: Took you long enough.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Are you saying you have been lying in wait for me in this room because you knew I would appear?!
Hagumi: Yeah! If what you're after is this painting, you'd have to come here!
Hagumi: That's why we got here first and hid!
Kokoro: You've fallen for our trap, and this time, you're not getting away!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Well played, Happy Detectives, well played indeed!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Even I cannot see a way out of this situation... You leave me no choice but to admit defeat.
