event175-01 Opening: An Elegant Invitation

Kokoro's obsession with thieves leads to a certain thief being mentioned.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: ... Okusawa-san. It was you who comitted the crime!
Misaki: ...
Kanon: Did you do something, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Uh~... Not as far as I know...
Kaoru: Pray tell what it is that you are doing, Hagumi?
Hagumi: I'm pretending to be a detective! This is where they get everyone together at the end and point their finger at the culprit!
Kokoro: Oh, I know the part! The detective in the movie I saw last night also did it!
Hagumi: Ah, you watched Detective Shiba vs Phantom Thief Calico too?
Kokoro: Mm-hmm! The part in the museum where the detective was trying to find the disguised thief before the announced time of the crime was so exciting!
Hagumi: Yeah! And so was the part where they were chasing the thief who was running away with the painting! That scene had me holding my breath!
Hagumi: The detective and the thief were both so cool...
Kokoro: Fufu. Don't forget we already know a phantom thief that's way cooler though~!
Hagumi: Oh, yeah! The Happy Phantom Thief!
Kaoru: ... Hm.
Hagumi: I wonder what the Happy Thief's doing right now.
Kokoro: I don't know, but I bet she's stealing treasure from all over the world! Stuff like famous paintings from museums, jewels, and even things you can't touch!
Hagumi: Wow...! Wait, but isn't stealing from people bad?
Kokoro: I'm sure she has good reasons! You know, like protecting the treasure or returning the treasure to the real owners!
Hagumi: Ah, just like in yesterday's movie! The Happy Thief's so awesome...!
Hagumi: I wish I could be a detective and face off against an awesome phantom thief like her!
Hagumi: And I'd catch her too, just like the detective in the movie did! I'd look so cool doing it!
Misaki: Er...
Kaoru: My dear Kokoro and Hagumi, you have but to wish it, and it will surely come to be, for it is said that a phantom thief always appears where they are desired.
Hagumi: I didn't know that! Okay... Please let me see the Happy Thief!
Kokoro: I'm going to pray then!
Kaoru: Fufu...
Misaki: Ugh~... I just know Kaoru-san's up to no good.
Kanon: Fufu. Isn't this so exciting? I can't wait to see what she has planned.
Misaki: Uh~...I dunno about it being something to look forward to...
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

Kokoro: ... Alright! It's time for the Hello, Happy World! emergency meeting! We all know what we're here to talk about, right?!
Hagumi: Yeah! The message from the Happy Thief!
Kanon: When I arrived at school, it was in my shoe locker. It scared me a little.
Misaki: Uh~, yeah... Also surprised...
Kaoru: I, too, was caught unawares. To think that we would receive a letter from the phantom thief herself. Let us see what she has to say...
Kaoru: "Guten tag, dear adversaries. When the new moon rises, claim I shall that which is precious at the castle that desires the moon. The Happy Phantom Thief."
Kokoro: This must be a challenge from her!
Kokoro: And accepting a challenge is the polite thing to do. It also seems like lots of fun!
Hagumi: Yeah, it does! Getting a challenge makes me feel like I've become a real detective!
Kanon: There's something I don't get, though... What exactly is the castle that desires the moon...?
Kokoro: Since desire means want... maybe it's the castle that wants the moon.
Hagumi: Oh, so that's where the Happy Thief's gonna show up!
Misaki: And how exactly was that supposed to make things any clearer? Neither of you knows where it's supposed to be, do you?
Kanon: Desires the moon... Moon's desire... Oh wait, it might be a castle related to mochizuki.
Hagumi: Mochitsuki? How is pounding rice cakes connected?
Kanon: When you combine the kanji characters for moon and desire, you get mochizuki. It's another word for full moon. Maybe it's something like a Castle Mochizuki.
Kokoro: You're amazing, Kanon! You're like one of those great detectives!
Kanon: Ehehe...
Misaki: Lemme do a search for Castle Mochizuki... Hm, there used to be one, but not anymore.
Kanon: Oh... Then maybe I'm just wrong...
Kaoru: I would not be so hasty. Does nothing else about this challenge stand out to you?
Misaki: Stand out...? This guten tag bit, I guess. Sounds familiar, but what's it supposed to mean anyway...?
Kokoro: It's German for hello. When we had a party a long time ago, I remember the orchestra's conductor saying it!
Misaki: A party... with an orchestra...? You dial everything up to eleven, huh...?
Hagumi: Wow! You're so smart, Kokoron! I wonder why they used German, though.
Kaoru: ... Perhaps the first and second clues are related somehow.
Kanon: The first and second clues...? So, full moon in German? What's full moon in German?
Misaki: Um, that would be... vollmond, apparently.
Hagumi: That sounds so cool! Mii-kun, could you try looking for a Castle Vollmond?
Misaki: Gimme a sec... We have a hit. It's actually not that far from here too.
Kokoro: Wow! You really are like a great detective, Kanon!
Hagumi: "This mountaintop castle was built roughly a hundred years ago. Here, the various works of art collected by its owner are on display." This has to be it!
Kokoro: We've cracked the mystery of the challenge. Our next step is to face the Happy Thief at Castle Vollmond when the new moon appears!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let's be sure to win and catch the Happy Thief!
Kokoro: Of course...! Oh, I just had an idea! We should make a new song about this!
Misaki: Really? You want to make a song about this?
Kokoro: Yeah! It'll be our Happy Detectives song, and I just know it'll be very exciting!
Kanon: The Happy Detectives...? Fufu, that does sound fun.
Kaoru: It does, indeed.
Kokoro: Then it's decided! The Happy Detectives are now in business!
Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah~! Hooray~♪
Kaoru & Misaki: ...
