event175-02 Chapter 1: Castle of the Graceful Full Moon

Guided by the challenge they have received, the members head to a castle.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Vehicle]

Kokoro: I wonder how much longer it's going to take to get to Castle Vollmond!
Hagumi: Ah, I think I see it! That huge building over there!
Kaoru: I am afraid, we likely still have a ways to go. Do not fret, however, for the phantom thief will surely still be there.
Hagumi: Ehehe, okay. I can't wait to go against the Happy Thief...! I wonder what fun stuff she's gonna do this time!
Kaoru: To do the unexpected is the nature of a phantom thief. Whatever they have planned will likely be beyond your wildest imagination, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Wow! Then do you think they'll fly and show up from the sky just like in the movie?!
Kokoro: Oh, and don't forget the amazing magic tricks that are just like real magic! I bet the Happy Thief will use some too!
Kaoru: Indeed. As a phantom thief, I am certain she will.
Misaki: (Kokoro and Hagumi sure are getting hyped... And Kaoru-san's encouraging them.)
Kanon: ... Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Ah, sorry. Was spacing out a bit.
Kanon: I'm sorry. It has been a long ride.
Misaki: That's part of it, but it's mostly 'cause I was up late last night checking out that movie Kokoro and Hagumi said they watched.
Kanon: Ah, I watched it too! It was just as good as they said it was.
Misaki: True. That climax was pretty thrilling. I couldn't tell which way things were gonna roll.
Kanon: I know the phantom thief gets caught by the detective, but it was really cool how even that was part of their plan all along!
Kanon: Now I'm a fan of both sides.
Kanon: The Happy Thief is probably going to do something just as amazing, and I can't wait to see.
Misaki: Haha, yeah. They do have Kokoro and Hagumi's hype to live up to...
Misaki: ... Wonder if Kaoru-san's gonna be alright...
Kokoro: ... Ah! I see it! That must be Castle Vollmond!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Castle Vollmond]

Hagumi: Wow...! This castle is huge!
Kaoru: It is the property of a certain wealthy individual. However, outside of being rented for filming movies and such, it has not seen much use lately.
Kanon: Ah, now that you mention it, I think I've seen this place in a commercial...
Kaoru: The owner has been informed of the Happy Thief's intentions, and the keys have been bestowed on us for a time. They asked that we protect their treasure.
Hagumi: You're amazing, Kaoru-kun! You're so prepared!
Misaki: Yeah, like seriously...
Kaoru: Only because I, too, look forward to the Happy Phantom Thief's exploits. And yours as well, my dear Kokoro and Hagumi.
Kokoro: We won't disappoint you! We'll catch the Happy Thief for sure!
Kokoro: Let's start by going inside and exploring-
???: Greetings and salutations, fine detectives of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: ... ?! This voice...!
Kanon: Ah, over there! The castle window!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ...
Hagumi: It's the Happy Thief~!
Kokoro: So you've decided to show yourself!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I applaud you. You have successfully solved my little riddle and proven that you will be a most worthy adversary.
Hagumi: There's no mystery we can't solve when we put our heads together!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): This is but a simple welcome. Before the day is done, I shall surely claim that which is precious to you!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): For now, however, I bid you farewell!
Kaoru: She is getting away! Quickly now, we must make way to that room!
Kokoro: Alright! Let's go, Hagumi, Kanon, Misaki!
Hagumi: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Hmm, it seems she has already managed to elude our grasp despite being by the window in this room just mere moments earlier...
Kokoro: They might still be around! We should split up!
Kanon: Oh... I need to make sure I don't get lost then...
Hagumi: Why don't you come with me, Kano-chan-senpai?
Kanon: Thank you, Hagumi-chan...!
Kaoru: We seem to have a course of action. Until later then.
