event175-04 Chapter 3: Mysterious Illusion

The curtain rises on an elegant show when the person the group seeks appears.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Large Room]

Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Greetings. Has your search for that which is precious been going well?
Kokoro: Miss Thief!
Hagumi: How did you show up here when it was so dark...?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, a foolish question. I appear wherever I wish... for I am the great Happy Phantom Thief!
Misaki: (Oh yeah, actors on stage have to move in the dark...)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): And though we face each other once more, here at the castle of the full moon, it shall be I who emerges victorious.
Kokoro: We won't lose to you this time either... because we're the Happy Detectives!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Hah, I see... Then another challenge you shall have.
Kanon: What?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fair lady, might I ask you to examine your pockets?
Misaki: M-me~...? Whoa~! A-a letter just suddenly appeared... out of nowhere~...!
Hagumi: Wow! How did she do that...?!
Kokoro: She must've used her famous magic!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu... You have my word that I shall return to claim that which is precious.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Until that time, however, I bid you farewell!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: She disappeared...
Kokoro: Misaki! Show us the letter!
Misaki: S-sure...
Kanon: It says... "Before the largest object here is where I shall await." This is a pretty short message compared to the last one.
Kokoro: Largest object... She must mean the castle itself! I'm sure of it!
Hagumi: The Happy Thief's gonna steal the whole castle?!
Misaki: P-pretty sure that's not it...
Kokoro: We have to do something! We can't let her steal this castle!
Kanon: B-but Kaoru-san isn't here yet. Shouldn't we wait? We might not be able to find each other...
Kaoru: Ah, is that my name that I heard called?
Kanon: Oh, welcome back. You were gone for a while. Is everything alright?
Misaki: (Kaoru-san's out of breath... She must've changed and come back in a real hurry.)
Kaoru: Ah, as I was wandering about the castle, I lost my bearings, I am afraid... Anyhow, the air seems to be teeming with excitement. Has something transpired?
Kokoro: The Happy Thief showed up! It's too bad you weren't here!
Kaoru: Ah, that is indeed a pity. I, too, wish I could have witnessed the Happy Phantom Thief's graceful magic.
Hagumi: Wait. You weren't here. How do you know she used magic?
Kaoru: Fufu, as Shakespeare himself did say... A phantom thief does magic always use.
Misaki: (There's absolutely no way Shakespeare said that.)
Hagumi: Oh, okay!
Kaoru: Indeed. However, should we not be prioritizing foiling the Happy Thief's scheme right now?
Kokoro: Oh yeah, let's hurry!
Hagumi: Alright!
Kanon: W-wait for me...!
Misaki: There they go...
Misaki: ... Whoa, whoa, whoa, how'd they even get the crazy idea about stealing a castle?! It's Happy Thief, not Happy Magician...!
Kaoru: Though it pleases me to see they are behaving as expected, even I am not yet capable of such a feat.
Misaki: Yet? What do you mean yet? Are you saying it might be possible in the future?
Kaoru: Mankind possesses infinite potential, after all.
Kaoru: That said, their expectations are indeed prodigious. The question now is how to meet them, but meet them I shall.
Misaki: Seriously? You still want to keep at it...? You've already done so much work for their sake.
Kaoru: Fufu. Your sentiment is appreciated, but do not fear. I do not see what must be done as a burden.
Misaki: Really?
Kaoru: The task of living up to their expectations will not be an easy one. But not once have I ever considered the work necessary to be ardous.
Kaoru: After all... Such lofty expectations surely must stem from their firm belief in the Happy Phantom Thief.
Kaoru: An actor can know no greater joy than to have such faith placed in a character they have breathed life into.
Kaoru: And this is why there are no lengths I will not go to to make their desires come true.
Misaki: Huh... You would say that, wouldn't you? You've always been this way.
Kaoru: Such is the nature of the individual known as Kaoru Seta. I do appreciate your concern, however.
Kaoru: In any case, you should rejoin the others. There is much work to be done on my part.
Misaki: ... Alright. Good luck.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: We're ready for you, Miss Thief! You're welcome to strike from anywhere~!
Hagumi: We'll stop you no matter what~!
Misaki: How many times do I have to tell you guys that there won't be any castles being stolen?
Kanon: "Before the largest object here is where I shall await..." I wonder if they really mean the castle.
Misaki: Now that you mention it, there is something kinda off about the way it's written.
Hagumi: Do you think it's one of the paintings or sculptures in the castle instead? There are lots of big ones.
Kokoro: And they all look very nice. But there's no way to tell which one is the biggest.
Hagumi: It'd be so much easier to figure out if there was a huge dinosaur! Like an actual fossil!
Misaki: Great. Here we go again making things even whackier...
Kanon: Dinosaur... Oh, wait. What if the Happy Thief means the largest thing painted or sculpted?
Hagumi: Painted or sculpted? Most of the paintings here are of people, right?
Kokoro: Yes, but I feel like I've seen one that wasn't...
Kokoro, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: ... Ah!
