event175-03 Chapter 2: Shadowy Accomplice

A mysterious "accomplice" appears before Kaoru. What does she say?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Castle Vollmond - Small Room]

Misaki: ... So, what are you gonna do now, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: I know not what you speak of.
Misaki: I'm talking about Kokoro and Hagumi. You've got them really excited now. How exactly are you going to deliver?
Kaoru: Simple. I shall play the part of the thief to the best of my ability. And on this stage, I have a dependable partner... Or should I say partner in crime?
Kaoru: Is that not so, my dear accomplice?
Misaki: Sigh... You really did freak me out when you showed me that letter and asked me to help you entertain everyone.
Kaoru: Yet still, you agreed to assist me. I have always known you to possess a kind heart.
Kaoru: With your keen observation, only you saw through my identity aboard the cruise ship. Combined with your ability to think, I could ask for no better accomplice.
Misaki: I know you're laying it on thick, but I can't say I'm exactly thrilled.
Misaki: Also, don't expect much acting out of me. We both know acting isn't really my thing.
Kaoru: We all have different strengths. The role of thief is one that I shall endeavor to portray fleetingly well.
Kaoru: As for yours, assist me from the shadows that my greatest moments will shine ever brighter. Do so, and we shall have a most entertaining show for all.
Misaki: Guess I can do that much...
Misaki: So, what now? Kokoro and Hagumi are pretty hyped the phantom thief showed up.
Kaoru: I have prepared a most thrilling show, one that will not fail to entertain them.
Kaoru: I shall be the thief they wish me to be, and they will have the opportunity to be like the detective they think so highly of.
Misaki: I get that, but I'm asking about the how. They are expecting a thief that flies and pulls off some seriously supernatural magic stuff.
Misaki: Sheesh, putting it into words makes me realize their expectations are pretty out there.
Kaoru: What you say is not untrue... Alas, I am but an actor embodying a character. I do not possess the uncanny abilities of a true phantom thief.
Kaoru: What I do have, however, is the ability to act. I shall use it to its fullest to become the thief they so desire.
Misaki: Just so we're clear, even a real phantom thief can't fly.
Misaki: But anyway, it sounds like you've got a plan at least...
Kaoru: That, I do. And when I formulated it, I made sure to secure the assistance of the suit people. It was they that helped me borrow this castle.
Kaoru: To prepare, I even inspected the premises beforehand. That is when I planted the speaker for the voice you heard earlier.
Kaoru: And speaking of earlier, it was the suit people that revealed the cutout of my likeness, and it was they that hid it as we made our way to the room.
Misaki: Huh? You went that far...? Seems like a lot of work.
Kaoru: Fufu, not in the slightest.
Kaoru: A performance that is but a few hours long requires countless hours of practice. That is what it means to be an actor. And in a band, would you not say?
Kaoru: Therefore, I spared no effort preparing for today's show. That is all there is to it.
Misaki: Huh... You really are a total fiend when it comes to doing stuff for other people...
Misaki: So, what do you want me to do now?
Kaoru: Hmm, I believe it would be best to have you...
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... Alright, I've got a pretty good idea what I've gotta do. Can't promise I'll be able to pull it off, but I'll see what I can do.
Kaoru: You have my thanks. I could not ask for a better ally. Anyhow, we should rejoin the others.
Misaki: Yeah, good idea. They might start suspecting something if we take too long.
Kaoru: Fufu, now then... Let us raise the curtain on this fleeting swashbuckling adventure.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Castle Vollmond - Large Room]

Kokoro: Ah, there you are, Misaki!
Misaki: Sorry for taking so long. Looks like you're all here.
Kokoro: Mm-hmm, but we couldn't find any sign of the Happy Thief. What about you?
Misaki: Uh, well~... Yeah, no luck on my end either.
Kanon: You too...? Oh, we also didn't come across anything that looks like it could be the precious object mentioned in the challenge.
Hagumi: Yeah, there are tons of nice-looking paintings and sculptures, but any of them could be the treasure. We haven't been able to figure out which one.
Misaki: I see... Speaking of painting, that one over there's pretty impressive too. Huh... the title's Full Moon.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Ah, you also noticed, Misaki-chan? There are lots of other bigger paintings, but I found myself drawn to it when we first entered the room.
Hagumi: I noticed it too! Looking at it makes you feel like you're in the middle of a starry sky, doesn't it?
Kokoro: Whoever drew it must really like the moon. It's a very nice painting. Hey, Kaoru, what do you...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Oh, she's not back yet. Maybe she's lost.
Misaki: Er, um... I bumped into her earlier. She said she had an idea what the Happy Thief might be after, so she went to check it out on her own.
Kokoro: I see!
Hagumi: She has an idea already?! She's so smart!
Kokoro: We have to figure it out, too, then! Let's find this precious thing the Happy Thief is after and stop them from getting it!
Kanon: But we've already pretty much explored the inside of the whole castle, and nothing looks like it could be it...
Kokoro: ... I know! This is a castle, so there might be an underground area!
Hagumi: Oh, you mean like a hidden underground room? I bet there's a secret way to get the entrance to show up...!
Kanon: Ah, like moving a specific book on a bookshelf. Just like a secret base. This is so exciting.
Kokoro: And when you move the book, the bookcase slides away, and this staircase leading down to a maze shows up!
Hagumi: Wow, this is like in the movies...! Castle Vollmond is so cool!
Misaki: I know you're all kinda excited, but just a gentle reminder to say that everything you've been talking about has just been your imagination.
Misaki: (C'mon, Kaoru-san... If you don't do something quick, everyone's expectations will spin out of control...)
(Background change)
Kanon: Eek!
Hagumi: The lights went out...!
Misaki: C-calm down, guys. I'm sure they'll be back on any moment now...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Ah, they're back.
Kanon: Ah...
