event07-04 Chapter 3: Samurai in the Gym

The rabbit chase has brought the girls to the gym. As they approach, they hear some... interesting... yells from inside...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Tennis Court]

Chisato: Alright... Looks like we've secured all of the rabbits that were in the tennis court area.
Arisa: ... Though, O-Tae ended up catching them all.
Kanon: A-Arisa-chan, are you okay?
Arisa: Yeah... I'm fine... Just tired.
Tae: I wonder if they can smell Oddie's scent. They just kept coming to me.
Chisato: I hope we can keep this up when we're looking for the other ones.
Kanon: Uhm, so the pet committee member was going to catch the rabbits inside the school building... Which means only the gym is left...!
？？？: ... -do~!!
Tae: ... Hm, there's a nice beat coming from inside.
Arisa: Isn't that the sound of a bamboo sword?
Chisato: ... That voice... I think I know it...
Tae: Those yells are interesting.
Arisa: The shouts you hear during kendo are pretty unique, after all.
Eve: Bushido~!!
Kanon: Uhm... When she says that... where do you think she struck?
Tae: All of our souls.
Arisa: Was that supposed to be wise or something?!
Tae: I mean, it was cool.
Arisa: Do you think before you speak...?
Chisato: Anyway, let's ask if she's seen any rabbits.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Kanon: Ah, seems like they just finished practice!
Eve: What's this? Arisa-san and Tae-san!
Chisato: Eve-chan.
Eve: Ah, and Chisato-san! Could it be?! Are you all here to sign up for the kendo club?!
Chisato: Nope. That's never going to happen.
Tae: We're looking for some rabbits that escaped. Have you seen any around here?
Eve: Oh, actually, another member caught it!
Eve: You mean this little guy, right?
Tae: This is Usappi-kun!
Arisa: They couldn't think of a better name...?
Tae: With this one, we have them all.
Chisato: That's great, Tae-chan. This was a nice change of pace.
Arisa: Alright, let's get back to rehearsal.
Student: O-Tae-senpai~!!
Tae: Oh, it's the pet committee girl. What's wrong?
Student: I'm sorry! I just couldn't catch any of the rabbits inside of the school building.
Arisa: You can't be serious...
Tae: Really? Okay, we'll help out there as well.
Arisa: You can't be serious~!!
Eve: If that's the case, I'll give you a hand too!
Chisato: Are you sure, Eve-chan?
Eve: Fufu~. Lending my assistance kind of feels like the samurai thing to do. It's cool~.
Arisa: That's your reason...?
Chisato: You know, the layout inside is a bit more complex, so catching the rabbits will probably be more difficult than before...
Arisa: ... Shirasagi-senpai was into this rabbit-chasing thing too, huh...?
Kanon: It might be better if we come up with a plan to capture them.
Arisa: We can call it a plan or whatever, but... can't we just put some food out as bait?
Tae: That's a great idea, Arisa.
Arisa: All I did was say the first thing that came to mind...
Tae: Rabbits have good hearing, so if we make sounds with their food or snacks, they might come to us.
Chisato: Alright, so let's follow this plan and gather them in the gym.
Kanon: Okay, first we have to get the food, and the cage we'll lure them into...!
Tae: Let's split up and get everything ready.
Tae: Kanon-senpai and Chisato-senpai, please go to the pet room and get the food and water.
Kanon: Okay.
Chisato: No problem.
Tae: Arisa and I will go to the storage out back and borrow a cage.
Arisa: I don't have a choice, do I...?
Tae: Eve, I want you to go to the staff room and ask if you can use a handcart.
Eve: Roger that!
