event07-05 Chapter 4: Come Here, Little Bunny

The girls have a plan: lure the rabbits into the gym and round them up! How will they do it...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Tae: There we go... I wonder if just this cage will be enough.
Arisa: So~ heavy~!!
Tae: Imagine what it'll be like when there are rabbits inside.
Arisa: Ugh~, you think I can carry something like that...?
Tae: You have to come to love the rabbits too, Arisa.
Arisa: It's not like I hate them, you know.
Tae: But if you love them, you'll feel it get lighter.
Arisa: No matter how long you look at me like that, I still don't think that's how it works...
Eve: I'm back!!
Arisa: Wah!! Don't come running at us like that!
Eve: I brought the hand truck! Once we have the rabbits in the cage, we can carry them with this!
Tae: You're quite energetic too, Eve.
Arisa: You mean dangerous? Hand truck...? More like a runaway truck...
Chisato: Fufu. Eve-chan, you're really into this, aren't you?
Eve: Yes! I'm happy to be able to help! To be able to support the weak and fight against the strong... It's just like the spirit of bushido!!
Arisa: Uhh, I kinda feel like you're using that phrase the wrong way... But whatever.
Eve: ... Hm? Was it, fight against the weak and support the strong?
Arisa: No, that makes even less sense than before.
Kanon: Sorry to keep you all waiting~...! I have the rabbit food!
Tae: That means we have everything.
Arisa: Alright, now what?
Tae: Now we'll split up, and gather them in the gym using the food as bait.
Chisato: Once we've brought them over, close the cage door and repeat, right?
Kanon: I wonder if I'll be able to get them into the cage...
Arisa: Yeah, O-Tae's been the only one able to catch them so far...
Tae: They're afraid of loud noises, so you gotta move really quietly until you're close, and then gently pick them up.
Arisa: ... I guess there's nothing else to do but try. We're stuck doing this anyway.
Eve: Yes. No matter what it is, we must give it our all!
Chisato: We've already come this far. I want us to be able to finish the job. Let's do our best.
Kanon: Mhm. I'll do what I can...!
Student: Sorry to put your guys through this...
Chisato: It's no problem. We're your upperclassmen, there's no way we could let you deal with this on your own.
Eve: After all, the spirit of cooperation is what bushido is about.
Arisa: Yeah... Everyone messes up every now and then. Just be careful next time.
Kanon: Sometimes as your upperclassmen, we have to show what we're made of... too...!
Student: You guys...
Tae: Rabbits are really cautious, so having someone around whom they know is pretty helpful.
Tae: We're counting on you.
Student: Okay...!
Tae: Alright, everyone. Let's split up and bring the rabbits back to this corner of the gym. We'll give our strategy a name...
Tae: Let the "come here, little bunny" operation commence~!!
Arisa: That's what you're calling it?!
