event07-01 Opening: Hopping Onto the Scene!

After school. Tae and Arisa are rehearsing in a classroom when they hear yelling in the hallway!

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Arisa: ... There. How was that?
Tae: You want to try to come in a little earlier. Imagine being in sync with the guitar at the beginning of the chorus.
Arisa: Ugh~... This is impossible.
Tae: Why don't we take a break?
Arisa: Yeah...
Tae: You're getting better though.
Tae: This whole practicing in secret thing is quite admirable.
Arisa: I'm not practicing in secret!
Tae: But you said you wanted to rehearse with just the two of us...
Arisa: That's just 'cause I have some free time... Besides, Kasumi and the others have things to do today.
Tae: I see.
Arisa: Does that mean you're glad you came?
Tae: Yeah, but I had the wrong idea. Telling me you wanted to meet after school... Alone in a classroom...
Arisa: I'm not some character from a girl's manga!
Tae: ... I thought you wanted to have a fistfight...
Arisa: That's what you mean?!
Tae: But I didn't have anything else to take care of, so this was great timing.
Arisa: I see. Good. By the way, how's the new song coming along?
Tae: I feel like like I'm stuck again. I've been looking for a change of pace.
Arisa: Really? Which part are you having a hard time with?
Tae: They're all so cute and fluffy. The white ones. The brown ones.
Arisa: ... Huh? What are you talking about?
Tae: Change of pace.
Tae: If you go to the middle school's pet room, there are little bunnies everywhere. Going there to pet them can be a nice change of pace.
Arisa: Sigh... O-Tae, you're actually like this, aren't you? Well, whatever. This is the first time I'm hearing about these rabbits.
Tae: There are so many, like lop-eared rabbits and dwarf rabbits.
Arisa: I think I've heard of lop-eared rabbits before, but what's a dwarf rabbit? All I can imagine is a video game character.
Tae: They're miniature sized. It'd be faster if you just saw one...
Arisa: I'm not going.
Tae: Should I bring one?
Arisa: You can't do that!
Arisa: Let's just practice, oka-
Student: Kyaaa!!
Arisa: Wh-what was that?!
Tae: It's coming from the hallway.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: Wah! What's going on?!
Tae: Look at all the rabbits running this way... Ah, this one is a dwarf.
Arisa: Don't just pick them up!
Student: Come back~!
Tae: Hey, it's a member of the pet committee.
Student: Pant, pant... T-Tae-senpai...
Tae: What happened?
Student: I-I'm sorry...! Twenty rabbits escaped from the pet room!! It was my fault for not locking the door properly...
Arisa: That's quite a tragedy. Well, good luck with that...
Tae: We'll help you.
Arisa: Wai- O-Tae! Where are you going?! And what do you mean, "We"?!
Tae: We have to bring them back to the pet room.
Arisa: Sigh... Really...?
Tae: Let's split up and look. Arisa and I will take care of the high school area.
Student: O-okay! I'll search the middle school!
Tae: Got it.
Arisa: Hey, I'd like to have a say in this! And you can at least put your guitar down first!
