event07-07 Ending: A Bouncy Occasion

The girls have successfully returned the rabbits to the pet room... And now it's play time!

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Middle School Pet Room]

Tae: Look, guys. You're home.
Chisato: Fufu. They look so happy to be hopping out of the cage.
Arisa: Don't you feel kinda bad? After a day of running around a huge space, now they're here.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, yeah. I'm sorry, little bunnies~.
Tae: This is their home, so even if it's small, coming back here should make them feel comfortable.
Chisato: Alright... Are we sure we have them all?
Kanon: Maybe there's more running around somewhere...
Tae: Uhm...
Tae: Yeah, we got 'em all.
Kanon: Wow, you can tell just by looking?
Arisa: That's O-Tae for you...
Student: You guys, thanks for all your help. I really couldn't have done it without you...!
Tae: It made for good exercise.
Arisa: I'm beat...
Chisato: I'm a bit tired as well after all that running back and forth.
Tae: The rabbits are hopping around the pet room. I'm glad to see them looking so happy.
Tae: With this much energy, I'm sure they're looking forward to their meal.
Arisa: Meal? Is it time for them to eat?
Student: That's right.
Arisa: I see...
Tae: Arisa, you wanna feed them?
Arisa: N-no, that's not why I was asking...
Student: Ah, if you do, please, go ahead! I've caused you all so much trouble today, so if it'll make things any better...
Eve: I would like to!
Kanon: M-me too...
Tae: Why don't we all feed them?
Kanon: Wah, as soon as you have the food in hand, they start coming toward you...!
Chisato: So rabbits really do purr.
Arisa: Ah, hey! No climbing on my back!
Eve: You were quite the opponent. I look forward to our next battle as friends!
Tae: Fufu, you're all so cute.
Tae: Hey, Usappi-kun, Boo-chan. Be patient, you two. You'll still get to eat.
Tae: Just wait your turn.
Arisa: Uh, O-Tae. You're not forgetting that you have to write a new song, are you?
Tae: Hmm... How's a song about rabbits? Hop, hop♪ Fun, fun♪
Arisa: Sigh... You only thought of that just now, didn't you...?
Chisato: Maybe for Pastel＊Palettes' next costumes, we'll use rabbit imagery. Just look how cute they are♪
Eve: Fluffy and cuddly... Sounds like a lovely costume~.
Tae: Yeah, I think that would be cute.
Kanon: A rabbit song and rabbit costumes... If there was a rabbit-themed band, that would be interesting.
Tae: And I bet it would be called, "Arisa in Wonderland."
Arisa: Why do I have to be in it?!
Eve: Arisa in a rabbit costume would be the cutest!
Arisa: That'll never be a thing!
Chisato: Arisa in Wonderland... Fufu, sounds like fun♪
Arisa: It absolutely does not! There's no chance of that band existing! Not in a million years~!
