event292-06 Chapter 5: Courage to Open the Door

The outdoor live show is a huge success! After the show, Kanon meets up with a friend who came to see them perform...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Light Music Club President: Everyone, that was such a fun live!
Light Music Club Member: Yeah, yeah! The audience looked like they were having a great time too! Our outdoor live show was a huge success!
Hagumi: Really!? Yay~!
Kokoro: I had so much fun too!
Kaoru: Yes. it was a truly fleeting, yet exhilarating time.
Miki: Kanon-chan...!
Kanon: Ah, Miki-chan! Thanks for coming to watch.
Miki: Y-yeah, since you invited me... but, I was so surprised...
Miki: I’d heard before that you were in a band... but I thought you played keyboard. Turns out you’re on drums, and the sound was amazing...
Kanon: Ah, I forgot to mention my part...
Michelle: K-Kanon-san...
Miki: And I thought your band would be more cutesy, but it was so full of energy and cheer...
Kanon: Ahaha...
Miki: ...I always thought you and I were alike. Kind of shy, you know...
Miki: Like... not good at being brave or taking the first step...
Miki: But really, you’re totally different... Ehehe, guess I was wrong...
Kanon: Miki-chan...
Kanon: ...You know, I used to be just like how you imagined me.
Kanon: I always wanted to change, but couldn’t... and that’s when I met everyone in Hello, Happy World!.
Kanon: At first, they always pulled me along... but then I realized I couldn’t just rely on that...
Kanon: So, with all the courage they gave me, I learned to take steps forward myself.
Kanon: Thanks to them, I was able to change.
Miki: Kanon-chan... Do you think... I could change too?
Kanon: ...Maybe just wanting to change isn’t enough.
Kanon: But if you take even a small step, I think something will change.
Kanon: If you open the door with your own hand, and step forward, then surely...
Miki: ...Thank you, Kanon-chan. I’ll head back to the Tea Party Lovers Club.
Kanon: Yeah, thanks for coming to watch. See you later!
Kanon: ...Hey, everyone. Once we pack up the instruments, could you all come to the Tea Party Lovers Club?
Kanon: I want to show you my circle... and introduce you properly to someone.
Kanon: Because you’re all the precious people who helped me change.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

Hagumi: That was so fun~!
Kokoro: Yes! University is so much fun!
Misaki: I thought Keiho was super high-level and serious, but it turns out it’s not only that.
Kaoru: We all got to touch worlds we didn’t know before, and our paths feel wider now.
Kanon: Yeah. I’m glad everyone enjoyed it.
Kanon: I hope this experience will help give you hints for choosing your paths from here.
Kaoru: Fufu, as Shakespeare himself once said: ‘No path lies before me. As I press on, behind me a path appears.’
Kanon: U-uh, I don’t think that was Shakespeare...
