event292-01 Opening: What Is University?

Kanon arrives late to a Hello, Happy World! meeting. The others worry that something might’ve happened...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: All right! Let’s start today’s Hello, Happy World! meeting!
Hagumi: Yeah, but...
Kaoru: Looks like a princess arriving late to the ball.
Misaki: That’s unusual. Kanon-san being late... She sent a message saying she’ll be here soon, though...
Kanon: S-sorry I’m late...!
Hagumi: No worries! It’d be bad if you tripped from rushing.
Kaoru: Hagumi’s right. The star always makes a late entrance—just hold your head high.
Kanon: Y-yeah, thank you... Sigh~...
Hagumi: Huh, big sigh, Kano-chan-senpai... do you have something on your mind?
Misaki: Eh? Really, Kanon-san?
Kanon: N-no, nothing like that...! I just stayed up too late, so maybe I’m a little tired.
Kanon: I had reports due at college and a presentation to prep. I also had to make a handout...
Kokoro: Handout? What’s that?
Kanon: A handout is basically a summary sheet for class, something you use during a presentation.
Misaki: Wow... so there’s stuff like that too.
Kaoru: I see... Kanon’s college life sounds quite different from mine.
Misaki: You’re in the Faculty of Arts, Kaoru-san. Do you actually study theater every day?
Kaoru: Yeah, you’re right. We study the theory of expression and directing in lectures, and hone our acting skills through practice.
Misaki: Wow, that sounds impressive... even though it’s all “college,” what you do is totally different.
Kokoro: Fufu, Kanon, Kaoru, your days sound so fun! I want to see your colleges too!
Hagumi: Oh yeah, Kaa-kun said she visited Kano-chan-senpai’s college before!
Kanon: Ah, that must’ve been last year’s school festival.
Misaki: Wait, Kanon-san, you know about that?
Kanon: Yeah, I went to see the festival with Chisato-chan, kind of like a school tour.
Misaki: I see, so that’s when you met.
Hagumi: Hey hey! I wanna see Kano-chan-senpai’s college too!
Kokoro: Yes! I’m curious to see where Kanon studies!
Misaki: No way, we’re still high schoolers. We can’t just show up at a college...
Kanon: Maybe you can.
Misaki: Eh?
Kanon: There’s an open campus at Keiho soon. Students guide visitors around the campus...
Kanon: If you all join that, I could be the one to show you around.
Misaki: Ah, that makes sense—we can visit for an open campus tour...
Kokoro: Then let’s all go to Kanon’s college!
Hagumi: Yeah! Let’s go together!
Misaki: Wait a sec. Open campuses aren’t for playing, they’re for thinking about your future, so take it more seriously.
Kaoru: Fufu, even the smallest spark can be enough.
Kaoru: One step like that might just change the whole world.
Kanon: Going to college is nerve-wracking, so I get how Misaki-chan feels...
Kanon: But the professors and staff said “come casually,” so I think it’s fine.
Misaki: I guess... is that so...?
Kanon: Yeah. There are things you only understand by seeing for yourself.
Kokoro: Then it’s settled! All right! Kanon’s University Exploration, move out!
