remakestory-27 Chapter 27: Our Beginning

The day of the concert at SPACE. Their hearts are one as Poppin'Party takes the stage!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Day Of The Show]

[SPACE - Stage]

Rimi: It's almost time to go on...! Ohhh, now I'm really nervous~!
Tae: Arisa, what are you looking for out there?
Arisa: I was just wondering if my grandma came...
Kasumi: Wait, she's not here?
Arisa: Oh no, she's definitely here. Man, I'm really on edge now that I saw her.
Saya: Ahaha, my family's here as well. Jun and Sana said they're really excited for this.
Kasumi: My mom and Aa-chan are here too!
Tae: A lot of kids from class also came. Ah, so did Hagumi and Eve.
Hinako: Yay~! Go, Poppin'Party! Woo~!!
Kasumi: Whoa! Hina-chan-senpai!
Hinako: Are you girls shaking in your boots?!
Yuri: It's okay. We'll do just fine. Let's put on a great show, you guys.
Owner: What happened? You get this far and now you're all getting cold feet?
Kasumi: Owner!
Owner: You got my approval. You can show some confidence when you step out there.
Kasumi: Okay!
Rimi: Ah! CHiSPA just finished!
Natsuki: Phew... We did it.
Kasumi: Nicely done, Nat-chan!
Natsuki: Ahaha, thanks.
Saya: Great work, Natsu.
Natsuki: Yeah, good luck to you too, Saya! We warmed them up for ya!
Saya: Yep! It looks like the audience is having a really good time!
Kasumi: Alrighty, huddle!
Arisa: I thought you forgot.
Kasumi: Ehehe, of course not.
Rimi: Let's do our best!
Saya: There's no turning back now!
Tae: Popipapa! Pipopa~!
Kasumi, Rimi, Arisa & Saya: What??
Tae: ... Fufu, I thought of a cheer we can do.
Arisa: Just now?!
Kasumi: What, what? What is it?
Tae: I'll whisper it to you...
Saya: Ahaha... That's cute!
Arisa: And that's supposed to get us pumped up?
Tae: Definitely.
Kasumi: Okay~, here we go!
Poppin'Party: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Ready, and...
Poppin'Party: We're Poppin'Party
Kasumi: Thanks, everyone! And for those we haven't met before, it's nice to meet you!
Kasumi: I'm Kasumi Toyama on guitar and vocals.
Tae: Tae Hanazono, lead guitar.
Rimi: Rimi Ushigome, bass.
Saya: Saya Yamabuki, drums.
Arisa: Arisa Ichigaya, keyboard.
Kasumi: It's been about two months since we started this band!
Saya: What?
Kasumi: Huh? Wait, has it?
Saya: For the five of us, sure, but didn't you start before that?
Tae: Even before we got down with that basement show, right?
Arisa: I think the end of April was when you wouldn't stop talking about having a band, so about three months, no?
Kasumi: Oh yeah~! It's been about three months!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan was the one who asked us to join.
Arisa: More like forced, really.
Kasumi: Huh?
Saya: Yeah, that was something.
Kasumi: What?!
Saya: Just kidding!
Kasumi: You are?! I was scared there for a second.
Saya: ... I'd been wanting to join a band for a long time.
Rimi: And I... never thought I could.
Arisa: There were times when I didn't think it would work out.
Tae: But here we are, standing together.
Kasumi: ... Mhm. We made our dream of performing on this stage come true!
Kasumi: Today, we want to put on the most sparkling and heart-pounding show you've ever seen! We hope you enjoy our set!
Saya, Rimi, Arisa & Tae: Thanks for coming, everyone!
Kasumi: Here we go. This is Sunflower Dreams.
Saya: (We got to see the stars from the stage, Kasumi...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kasumi: ... Hey, so I've been thinking this for a while now. Why don't you sing with us at the culture festival?
Saya: Huh...?
Kasumi: Just once, at the event. It's fine if you don't join the band or whatever. I just wanna sing with you!
Saya: ... It does seem like it would be a lot of fun.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm sure it would!
Saya: ... I might be okay with that. I'm not sure if I'd do it at the culture festival, but...
Saya: One day. The time will come.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tae: (I'm having so much fun. I absolutely love being on stage with you guys.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kasumi: How was that, O-Tae? Was your heart pounding? Did we become good enough to play at SPACE?
Tae: Nuh-uh, not even close.
Kasumi: What?!
Tae: But I did feel your passion. I could tell you were taking the band and your music seriously...
Tae: I think that's what made you all shine. Enough so that I could feel the vibe while I played.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rimi: (I had always been afraid of being up here in front of so many people. But I'm not anymore. I have all of Poppin'Party with me...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Rimi: (Kasumi-chan, Arisa-chan... Am I really okay with just standing here and being able to do nothing...?)
Rimi: (It doesn't matter how uncool I look or whether I mess up... I just have to do everything within my power... I can't just let Kasumi-chan and Arisa-chan do everything!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Arisa: (The old me would have never dreamed that I could get on stage and put on a performance like this...)
Arisa: (But I have to say, it's not so bad...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kasumi: So, did you feel the sparkling and the heart-pounding when you were playing the piano?
Arisa: What is that even supposed to mean...? Anyway, it was fun enough...
Kasumi: You should go back to doing it then! I'm told bands have a spot for keyboardists!
Kasumi: I want us to feel the sparkling and heart-pounding together! C'mon, let's do it! It'll be so much fun!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Kasumi: (Wow...! This is totally awesome! It's a sea of stars...!)
Kasumi: (It's like the day we watched Glitter*Green. Glow sticks that look like a starry night sky... So that's what it looks like from up here...!)
Kasumi: (I'm so glad we started this band! And I'm glad I met all of you! I have that sparkling and heart-pounding feeling...! I finally feel it...!!)
(White cut)
Kasumi: Ready~...
Poppin'Party: Thank you!
Poppin'Party: We are Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: You'll see us onstage again someday! I promise!
