remakestory-17 Chapter 17: Day of the Culture Festival

It's the day of the Culture Festival. Saya receives a letter from Kasumi, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Day Of The Culture Festival]

[Yamabuki Residence - Living Room]

Saya's Mom: Good morning, Saya. Are you looking forward to the culture festival?
Saya: Mhm...
Saya's Mom: ...? You seem down. What's wrong?
Saya: N-no, it's nothing!
Saya's Mom: I hope so... I'm going to be taking your brother and sister there later. Make sure everything goes well with your class, okay?
Saya's Mom: Ah, that's right. This came for you. It was stuck in the door this morning.
Saya: A letter? From Kasumi...?
Saya: Mom, this- Huh?! Are you alright?! You look so pale!
Saya's Mom: Yeah, I'm fine... I just have to rest a little...
Saya: ...! Mom!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Rimi: Doesn't look like Saya-chan is coming...
Tae: Kasumi, you stopped by her house, right?
Kasumi: Yeah, just for a second.
Classmate: Everyone, the bread is here! Help bring it in!
Kasumi: Ah, okay! We're coming!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Good morning!
Saya's Dad: Morning, Kasumi-chan. Think you could sign for the bread?
Kasumi: No problem... Uhh, where's Saya?
Saya's Dad: About that. My wife passed out this morning.
Kasumi: What?!
Saya's Dad: Oh, but it's not a serious illness. She has anemia. It's been this way for a while now, so this happens sometimes.
Saya's Dad: But Saya was very worried. She was adamant about going with her to the hospital. She told me she'd stay by her mom's side for the day, so she won't be participating in the culture festival.
Kasumi: Oh. I see...
Saya's Dad: Saya's always thinking about the day her mom passed out with Jun and Sana. She thinks they went through that scary moment because she wasn't there for them.
Saya's Dad: We really wish she wouldn't worry so much and just have some fun... Ah, but she has been talking about you and the other girls recently.
Kasumi: Huh?
Saya's Dad: Sounds like she enjoys spending time with you all. If she's left to her own devices, she'll worry herself to death about what's happening at home. Can I ask you and your friends to keep looking out for her?
Kasumi: Yes! Of course we will! Let her know that everything is fine over here!
Saya's Dad: Okay, I'll be sure to tell her. Thank you, Kasumi-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Welcome, welcome~! How about a short break at the 1-A Café~?!
Hanasakigawa Student: Wow, this bread is great!
Kasumi: It's from Yamabuki Bakery! Have as many as you like!
Hanasakigawa Student: Which one would you recommend?
Kasumi: Hmm~, the melon bread, the cream bread, the chocolate cornet, the red-bean bun, the milk danish-
Hanasakigawa Student: Ahaha, so basically, all of them?
Kasumi: Ehehe! Yep! Every single one!
(Black cut)
Rimi: H-huh? I messed up again. Ohhh, I can't get the hang of making latte art.
Tae: Cute, a tanuki.
Rimi: It was a panda, but then its face got all weird...
Tae: But it's still so adorable.
Rimi: Nooo~! Don't take a picture~.
Tae: I have to capture all these culture festival memories. Especially after I borrowed this camera from my dad.
Tae: Oh yeah, gotta get one of Kasumi...
Kasumi: ...
Tae: ... Worried about Saya?
Kasumi: Mhm, I can't stop thinking about her.
Rimi: This is Saya-chan we're talking about. I'm sure she's okay.
Kasumi: ... Yeah. You're right!
Kasumi: We have to make this classroom so fun, it'll even make up for her not being here! Let's turn this into the greatest café of all time!
Rimi & Tae: Yeah!
