remakestory-23 Chapter 23: What Kasumi Means By "Fine"

Kasumi loses her voice, and the others are worried, but they continue practicing.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Rimi: I wonder if Kasumi-chan is okay...
Saya: I'm sure she is. She went to the hospital, after all.
Rimi: Maybe she overdid it...
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan!
Kasumi: ...
Arisa: You idiot! You can't practice until your body stops functioning! What's the point if you lose your voice?!
Saya: Arisa, stop.
Kasumi: ... I'm sorry.
Kasumi: But my body is functioning, and they said if I rest my voice for a bit, it'll come back.
Rimi: They did? That's good.
Kasumi: I'm sorry about the audition...
Saya: There's still one more chance.
Rimi: We just have to try our hardest.
Tae: But not so hard that we hurt ourselves.
Kasumi: ... Can everyone make it to practice today?
Arisa: Huh? I thought it was pretty obvious there wouldn't be any.
Saya: Didn't they tell you to take it easy? The thing you have to focus on right now is resting.
Kasumi: But I can still play the guitar, and the next audition is our last chance... Cough, cough!
Rimi: D-don't worry, Kasumi-chan...!
Tae: We'll be practicing.
Saya: And you, cut it out until your voice comes back.
Arisa: You are forbidden from rehearsals!
Kasumi: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: ... Man, we messed up again. It needs to be in sync. We should try that part again from the top.
Rimi: Mhm, let's keep going until we get it!
Arisa: I also have an idea. We should try to keep with Saya's drumming a little more. Only listening to your own sound will throw you off rhythm. I think if everyone pays attention to the drums, it should work.
Saya: That's quite the responsibility.
Rimi: Fufu, I'll be listening very closely.
Tae: ...
Arisa: Wh-what are you looking at, O-Tae...?
Tae: I was just thinking about how you pick up the slack when Kasumi's not here.
Arisa: Sh-shut it! You're a complete airhead, Rimi's always panicking, and Saya never says anything. What else am I supposed to do?
Saya: If I had to say, I'm more of the supportive type.
Tae: I get that. I am too.
Arisa: Oh please! As if!
Arisa: Besides, this is not how I do things either. I don't know what I'm supposed to do to bring the group together or whatever...
Tae: If Kasumi was here, she would say, "Don't worry, I know you can do it!"
Saya: Ahaha, yep. That sounds just like her.
Arisa: Yeah, 'cause she thinks anybody can do anything...
Rimi: Let's just do what we can. That's something else she says a lot.
Tae: Yeah, she's more of a person who acts before she thinks.
Arisa: And I'm the type who stops that kind of thing...
Saya: Ah, but the thing she says the most is...
Rimi & Tae: "Sparkling and heart-pounding!"
Saya: Ahaha, you guys got it.
Saya: ... I hope she gets better soon.
Rimi: Mhm...
Arisa: Yeah...
Tae: Especially since it's hardly Poppin'Party without her.
Arisa: Alright, time to stop talking about her and get back to practice.
Saya: Yeah. Let's get so good that it knocks her socks off when she gets back.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[That Night]

[Toyama Residence - Living Room]

Asuka: It's so weird when you're being quiet...
Kasumi: ...
Asuka: Sis, are you in a slump by any chance?
Kasumi: A slump?
Asuka: A run of bad luck. No matter what you do, it doesn't seem to go well. It happens sometimes, you know? That's the vibe I'm getting from you.
Kasumi: You've been through that before?
Asuka: Lots of times. Like when I'm trying to improve my swim time.
Kasumi: How do you get over it?
Asuka: How...? Hmm~, good question.
Kasumi: What?! Cough, cough...!
Asuka: That's what happens when you yell all of a sudden. When the time comes for you to get through it, you will. Don't worry about it.
Kasumi: I don't know~...
Asuka: You're just as weird as I thought. These are the times when you're always saying everything will be okay.
Kasumi: Am I really...?
Asuka: Yep. Hope you get better soon.
Kasumi: Thanks...
