remakestory-24 Chapter 24: You're Not Alone

The rest of Poppin'Party is happy to see that Kasumi has recovered. What will happen when they return to rehearsal?!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Good morning~, everyone!
Tae: Your voice is back, Kasumi?
Rimi: Is everything okay now?
Kasumi: Ehehe, sorry to make you all worry!
Arisa: Actually, though.
Saya: Alright, I guess it's back to practice again today.
Tae: I'll let the owner know that we'll be auditioning.
Kasumi: O-okay...
Arisa: We don't have a lot of time. We have to focus.
Saya: Alright then, let's get to it.
Kasumi: ...
Saya: Wait, maybe we should put this off until next time... Besides, you don't look so good...
Kasumi: No, I'm fine! Let's start already!
(Black cut)
Saya: From the top then.
Saya: One, two, three, four.
Kasumi: No... mat... ter...
Saya, Rimi, Arisa & Tae: ...!
Kasumi: No... mat-...
Kasumi: ... Sorry. Looks like I wasn't ready to come back.
Saya: Kasumi...
Kasumi: Ehehe, you guys can go ahead and practice.
Arisa: What...? Where are you going?
Tae: Kasumi, wait.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Kasumi: Huff, huff, huff...
Tae & Rimi: Kasumi! Kasumi-chan!
Arisa: Huff, huff, Kasumi...
Kasumi: Why'd you all follow me...?!
Arisa: Because you decided to run off! In what world would you call that being fine?!
Kasumi: I had no problem at home. My voice was okay...
Kasumi: Everyone here is better than me, and I can't even sing. I need to practice as much as I can, and yet...
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...
Kasumi: This is our last chance. We won't get another after this.
Kasumi: If we don't pass this one... We won't be able to get on that stage. And still...
Arisa: Don't cry...
Arisa: Just so you know, we were already aware from the beginning that the rest of us are better musicians than you.
Arisa: And we didn't let that bother us. We just kept pushing forward. Why do you care about that now?
Saya: Did someone say something to you?
Kasumi: The owner told me that I don't understand the people around me or myself...
Arisa: ... She's not wrong.
Arisa: Once you decide to do something, you just do it without listening to a thing we say. When we get dragged into something, we get hurt too.
Kasumi: Ohhh...
Arisa: But it's not all bad. I won't deny that it's annoying sometimes, but I felt like I should work harder because you were pushing me.
Kasumi: Arisa...
Tae: At first, I was really surprised when you said you would audition at SPACE. You only just managed to play a beginner's version of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star...
Tae: But you told me, "I'm not sure, but I can work really hard!"
Arisa: You're not sure...?
Tae: ... I was blinded by your brilliance. I love how you were firm with your words.
Tae: I still thought it was too early for us to get up on that stage, but I was okay with giving it our best shot.
Rimi: That time when you ran on stage with nothing in your hands was the moment you truly shone for me!
Rimi: It was amazing... That's how I found the courage to jump in too. I wanted to be "sparkling and heart-pounding," just like you.
Kasumi: Like... me?
Saya: I think you really shine when you're chasing after something. I don't know if that's necessarily the 'sparkling' you're looking for, but...
Saya: Seeing you do that made me feel jealous. All I could do for so long was stand still.
Saya: But then you came and pulled me along with you... You asked me to join you, Arisa, Rimi-rin and O-Tae... You asked me to be a part of the band!
Kasumi: Nnn, that's just because I wanted us to play together...!
Arisa: And that's good enough, isn't it? You're overthinking things. Forget about not being good and not being able to pass the audition. Forget that stuff.
Saya: It was you who told me those sweet words, wasn't it? That I don't have to worry about things on my own. "Let us figure this out together."
Kasumi: Saya...
Rimi: When the owner said you don't understand yourself, I think she was talking about your skill level.
Tae: If you don't know where you fall short, it's impossible to know how to improve.
Saya: But now you know what you're missing, right?
Kasumi: Mhm... Lots of things...
Arisa: Ah... I have a suggestion.
Saya: Oh, I do too, actually.
Arisa: Okay, you go first.
Saya: Huh...? That's alright, you can go...
Tae: We should all do part of the singing.
Arisa: Agh! Hey! I was gonna say that!
Saya: Ahaha, so was I.
Rimi: You mean not just on parts like the chorus?
Saya: Right, let's all do some singing.
Tae: I have a memo of the lyrics. We can decide which parts we'll sing. I'll... do this part.
Arisa: What is this, first come, first serve?! Wait, are you planning on singing now?!
Saya: Alright, I'll take the part after you, O-Tae.
Rimi: H-hold on~.
(Black cut)
Tae: Okay, you start, Rimi.
Rimi: It is an overwhelming love that I feel. I want to open that door right now, right here. But for some reason I can't seem to move forward...
Tae: Yet from the power of three chords, you and I would finally be one. Now we all share one dream. How I wish to feel that trembling in my soul.
Saya: I wished upon the stars and then I rejoiced merrily. The night sky above continued to pass me by.
Arisa: It seemed that I could be more open than I chose to be, and that's when you smiled at me.
Kasumi: And so, no matter how much pain you're feeling right now, no matter if everything's going wrong right now, remember all the things that you've worked so hard for and you just Keep On Moving!
Kasumi: Use your heart and soul, and just go! Give it all you've got for one goal! It doesn't matter how far you have to follow!
All: Sparkles that continue to sway, for as far as the eye can see.
All: That is the place that we, we dream to be, we dream to be.
Arisa & Saya: ...
Rimi & Tae: ...
Kasumi: ... I think I finally get what the owner meant when she said I don't understand the people around me...
Kasumi: I wanted to try hard, but I was doing it on my own. While I was so focused on that, I wasn't paying any attention to you guys.
Arisa: Took you long enough to notice.
Saya: If there's something you can't do, someone else can give you a hand.
Tae: Everyone has their own role in a performance, but Poppin'Party is made of five people.
Rimi: And that's what a band is all about, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: You guys... Ngh, thank you.
Arisa: I told you to stop crying!
Kasumi: But I'm just so happy~... Alright, let's go to that audition and show everyone what we're made of!
