remakestory-04 Chapter 4: Fate Tied to the Stars

Kasumi feels that she and Random Star are tied together by fate, so she goes to talk to Arisa, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Phew, so this is where it was. Now I just have to take that junk over there and-
Kasumi: Ah, there she is!
Arisa: How many times do I have to tell you that you're trespassing?!
Kasumi: Thank goodness. I was worried after they told me that you went home early. Not to mention how weird you were acting this morning.
Arisa: There wasn't any reason for me to stay there.
Kasumi: What do you mean?
Arisa: I chose to be absent. I'll get the credit whether or not I go. Something wrong with that?
Kasumi: Hmm~, isn't that kinda boring? You can't see your friends that way, and you can't eat lunch together either.
Arisa: What, are you bragging? Is this a lecture? Did a teacher ask you to come here?
Kasumi: N-no! Not at all~! I just thought you and I could...
Kasumi: ... Ah, Random Star! Hey, could I look at it agai-
Arisa: Hands off the goods~!
Kasumi: Wait, 'goods'?
Arisa: I put it up for auction on the internet. I may think it's trash, but there are people out there who'd pay a pretty penny for it.
Arisa: I think it's gonna hit 300,000 yen soon.
Kasumi: Th-that much...?!
Arisa: If you really want it, why don't you try taking part in the auction?
Kasumi: Ohhh, no way I could afford that~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

Kasumi: H-hello~...?
Arisa: ... Why are you back? I'm not letting you borrow the guitar, and you're not getting into the basement. If you want it, you can buy it.
Kasumi: W-well...
Kasumi: (Ngh, and here I was, coming to visit her... I wanna talk about that heart-pounding performance we saw~.)
Arisa: ... So you are here for the guitar.
Arisa: Come on, move. I'm trying to clean up and you're in the way... Man, what in the world is in this box?!
Kasumi: Whoa! You got it?! Here, I'll help!
Arisa: O-okay, what's your game?! Trying to do me a favor so that I feel like I have to give you the guitar or something?! Well I'm not falling for it!
Kasumi: I'm not...! Forget that! This thing is heavy, let's hurry it up!
Arisa: Ugh...! Just so you know, you won't be getting anything from me!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Phew~! That box was like a ton of bricks...!
Arisa: ... Thanks.
Kasumi: Ehehe, you're welcome!
Kasumi: Arisa? Question. You've been doing a lot of cleaning up in the basement. Why's that?
Arisa: Nothing really... Just that my grandma told me I could use it for whatever I want if I tidy it up...
Kasumi: I see. And you plan to do that all by yourself?
Arisa: Yeah. So...?
Kasumi: What~?! Who knows when you'll finish with this much stuff~!
Kasumi: Alrighty! We just have to work extra hard! Let's make it snappy! Before the sun goes down!
Arisa: Wh-?! No one asked for y-... What is with her...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Kasumi: Arisa, sorry I'm late!
Arisa: No one was waiting for you! ... Sigh, how are you not tired of coming here every day?
Arisa: Well, I guess you are here for the guitar, so...
Kasumi: C'mon~, I told you, I'm not~!
Kasumi: You can say I still think about it though...
Arisa: ... Why don't we take a look at it? You wanna see it, right?
Kasumi: Wait, really?!
Arisa: Here we go. But only for a second, got it?
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks!
Arisa: Okay, good enough...
Kasumi: Th-that was fast... Still, thanks for letting me see it, Arisa.
Kasumi: I hope it ends up in a good home.
Arisa: Why are you so into this guitar?
Arisa: You wanna start a band, right? You can just use any, no?
Kasumi: Hmm~... I guess so, but I came upon this one by following a trail of star-shaped stickers, so it feels kind of like fate.
Kasumi: Not to mention, after I found Random Star, I also found the sparkling and heart-pounding I was looking for when we watched that concert at SPACE.
Arisa: ... I put up those stickers.
Kasumi: Huh? Really?!
Arisa: When I was taking piano lessons in elementary school, I'd get stars if I could play a song.
Arisa: On my way home, I'd place them on a bunch of things... Probably on things I liked.
Kasumi: Did you stop playing?
Arisa: Middle school entrance exams happened. It's the same story with a lot of kids.
Kasumi: So, did you feel the sparkling and the heart-pounding when you were playing the piano?
Arisa: What is that even supposed to mean...? Anyway, it was fun enough...
Kasumi: You should go back to doing it then! I'm told bands have a spot for keyboardists!
Kasumi: I want us to feel the sparkling and heart-pounding together! C'mon, let's do it! It'll be so much fun!
Kasumi: You felt the heart-pounding at the concert too, didn't you?!
Arisa: P-put a sock in it already...! If you keep being annoying, I'll never let you see the guitar again!
Kasumi: No!! Please!!
