remakestory-12 Chapter 12: Day of the Basement Performance

Kasumi and the others rehearse for their basement performance. They invite Tae to join them, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Saya: You guys working hard to make that show happen?
Kasumi: Yep! Things are going very well! And O-Tae's such a good teacher!
Saya: Huh? I thought this was a battle of sorts?
Arisa: I know, right...
Rimi: About our show in your basement, Arisa. Can my sister come?
Kasumi: Yuri-san's gonna be there?!
Rimi: When I told her about it, she said she wanted to watch.
Arisa: What?! Seriously? Well, that'll put you on edge...
Tae: Yuri-san from Glitter*Green?!
Saya: You're not the one who should be nervous about that, Hanazono-san.
Arisa: Ah, do you guys mind if my grandma is there? She was saying that she wanted to come...
Kasumi: Of course not! Let her come and watch! While we're at it, I think I'll invite Aa-chan.
Kasumi: Oh, you should come too, Saya!
Saya: Huh? Oh, but-
Tae: Come!
Saya: What?! You too, Hanazono-san?!
Saya: O-okay, alright, I'll come by for a little bit.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks, Saya!
Tae: Maybe I should bring someone too then.
Kasumi: You will? Wow! I can't wait! Make sure to introduce me, okay?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[At A Later Date]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Ahh~, messed up again.
Tae: Yeah, but your technique for placing your hands is getting better. You're starting to develop the hands of a guitarist.
Kasumi: I am?! Ehehe, nice~!
Arisa: This is no time to be getting all happy. We're in trouble if we don't start trying to sync up our individual parts soon.
Rimi: Yeah, I've only practiced my part by itself so far.
Kasumi: Y-you're right! Although, I'm not sure if I'll be able to sing when I'm trying to do all this playing at the same time...
Tae: In that case, I'll help you out by playing with you.
Kasumi: Thank you, O-Tae.
Rimi: I suppose we can start with that.
Arisa: Yeah. Alright, on my count.
(Black cut)
Arisa: ... Huh. So that's what we can do.
Kasumi: ... Wow! Wow wow wow! We were being a band!
Arisa: What? Pretty sure this is a band.
Rimi: Fufu, I understand what she means though. Playing as a group is a lot of fun.
Tae: ...
Rimi: Is something wrong, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: I was just thinking about how it feels to actually play with other people. I pretty much always practice by myself, so I didn't know.
Tae: It's so weird when the sound I'm playing comes together with someone else's.
Kasumi: Ehehe, and it's a blast, huh?! Hey, why don't you play with us during the show?
Tae: Huh?
Arisa: More nonsense comes from your mouth... I thought you said we were playing for Hanazono-san.
Kasumi: Yeah, I know, but... it'd be even more heart-pounding if she were up there with us!
Tae: Play? With you guys...?
(Black cut)

[Day Of The Show]

Arisa's Grandma: I brought drinks. Is juice okay?
Saya: Yes. Thank you.
Asuka: Oh, senpai. You're here too.
Yuri: You're Toyama-san, right? From the third-year middle school class?
Asuka: You know my name?
Yuri: Fufu, I would never forget a cute underclassman from the swim club. What kind of club president would I be if I didn't remember your name?
Yuri: Your older sister seems very excited about her first show.
Asuka: She can be a real goofball sometimes, so I'm a little worried...
Rimi: So this is O-Tae-chan's friend?
Arisa: I-it's a bunny...!
Tae: This is Oddie the odd-eyed rabbit.
Kasumi: Cute! So you have a pet!
Tae: I have many of them at home.
Kasumi: Awesome! I'd love to visit!
Arisa: Guys, we're supposed to be putting on a performance. Everyone's already here.
Kasumi: Yeah! Alrighty, let's get ready!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Hello, my name is Kasumi Toyama! Thank you for coming to our show!
Kasumi: O-Tae... Saya, Aa-chan, Yuri-san and Arisa's grandma... Today, we will make all of your hearts pound! Nothing would make us happier!
Kasumi: Here we go! This is Choco Cornet Love!
Rimi: (I have to make sure I listen to everyone's sound...)
Arisa: (You better not get worked up and make a bunch of mistakes, Kasumi...!)
Kasumi: (After all that practice, I'm sure we'll be fine!)
Tae: (... Ah, there it is again. That feeling from all of our sounds coming together...)
Tae: (It's like I can tell how they're all feeling through their music. I'm having so much fun. This excitement...)
Tae: (Wait, does this mean that I...?)
(White cut)
Kasumi: Woo! We played all the way through to the end!
Arisa: That was crazy! That was so crazy!
Rimi: But also really enjoyable!
Kasumi: How was that, O-Tae? Was your heart pounding? Did we become good enough to play at SPACE?
Tae: Nuh-uh, not even close.
Kasumi: What?!
Tae: But I did feel your passion. I could tell you were taking the band and your music seriously...
Tae: I think that's what made you all shine. Enough so that I could feel the vibe while I played.
Kasumi: O-Tae~! You were sparkling too, you know!
Asuka: ... Is this how opponents are supposed to act?
Saya: Ahaha, don't ask me. I do think their battle has come to an end, though.
