remakestory-15 Chapter 15: Saya's Past

Saya looks back on the band she was once a part of named CHiSPA.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

(Memory cut-in)

[One Year Ago]

Natsuki: And then, in the end, we can all jump together for the finale. What do you think?
Saya: What~? You think that can be done without something going wrong?
Natsuki: It'll work out fine~!
Natsuki: It's CHiSPA's first show, after all. Anyone would wanna finish it off with something really cool!
Saya: Yeah, that's true. Alright, maybe we should try talking to Fumika and Mayu about it.
Natsuki: ... And there they are, right on time! Hey~, Fumika! Mayu~!
Fumika & Mayu: Oh, hey!
Fumika: So Mayu and I were just talking, and we were thinking we should all buy some scrunchies before we head to the studio.
Saya: What? Why scrunchies?
Mayu: We figured it would be nice to have ones that match during the show.
Natsuki: Oh, but do you think we'll make it to the studio in time?
Saya: Sounds good to me! I think it could look really cute!
Natsuki: Alright, then it's time to make haste!
Saya: Ah, wait a sec', Natsu~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Natsuki: Oh my god! Oh my god, oh my god! What do we do~?!
Mayu: Ngh, I'm so nervous~.
Saya: It's an event downtown. You don't have to get so worked up.
Fumika: But this is our first performance!
Saya: It'll be fine~! We practiced so hard for this.
Natsuki: You're right! But I keep thinking about what will happen if I mess up our introduction...
Fumika: It'll be okay! We have Saya!
Mayu: Yep! We're counting on you, Saya!
Saya: What?! No way~! I can't do that~! C'mon, don't you mess it up~.
Natsuki: I-I'll do my best! It's just really nerve-racking when your parents come to watch you...!
Fumika: Yeah, mine have their camera with them... Look, right there.
Mayu: It feels like we're having a recital.
Natsuki: Is your family here, Saya?
Saya: Hmm, they said they would come, but I don't see them from here... I'll give them a call.
Saya: Ah, hello? Mo-
Jun: Waaah! Sis~!
Saya: Jun? What's wrong? Is that Sana crying in the background...?
Jun: It's mommy! She's... She's...
Saya: What...?!
Natsuki: Saya? What's wrong? Did something happen?
Saya: They said my mom fell...
Natsuki: Huh?!
Saya: They were crying so much, I couldn't really make out the situation. But my dad's not there, and my mom is-
Natsuki: What are you doing?! Go already!
Mayu: Jun and Sana are waiting for you!
Fumika: Don't worry about the show! Just hurry!
Saya: O-okay! Sorry! I'm so sorry...!
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)

[The Present]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Saya: And with that, we've just about decided everyone's shifts. The only one left to be given one is Kasumi.
Classmate A: She said she would work all of them, as long as they didn't take place during the show.
Classmate B: Ahaha, that's a bit much.
Saya: We have to put in a break for her somewhere. She's not back yet?
Classmate A: She's still looking at the concert stage.
Saya: The stage, huh...?
Classmate B: If you're busy, we can go get her for you.
Saya: ... No, don't worry. I'll do it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Saya: Let's see. Oh, there she is. Hey~, Kasumi~...
Kasumi: Guys, only three more days until the show!
Arisa: Can you not? I was trying not to think about it...
Rimi: Oh no... I'm getting nervous.
Tae: At times like this, they say you should imagine everyone else in their underwear. Want me to help you?
Rimi: Th-thanks...
Arisa: How could you possibly help...?
Kasumi: Hey, look, there's a drum set!
Rimi: They said the bands will be sharing it.
Kasumi: Ohh, really?! Should we try playing it?
Arisa: No, we don't have anyone who knows how. Besides, what would we do with our own instrument?
Kasumi: Heh heh heh~, what if I did both?
Arisa: You mean to tell me you're gonna play the drums and the guitar at the same time?
Rimi: I don't think that would be possible...
Tae: The asura Kannon could probably do it.
Arisa: I don't think the Kasumi version would cut it.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan already made something that can replace the sound of the drum. There's no reason to go out of our way to use the drum set this time, right?
Kasumi: Even though it's right there? That's a bummer...
Saya: ...
Kasumi: ...? Huh? Was that Saya leaving the gym just now?
Rimi: Saya-chan? I didn't see her...
Kasumi: Hmm~, maybe I was just imagining things...
