remakestory-16 Chapter 16: Of Course I don't Hate It!

Kasumi, Tae, Rimi and Arisa go to the music shop and hear an unexpected story...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Edogawa Music]

Tae: First~!
Kasumi: Second~!
Rimi & Arisa: Huff, huff...
Arisa: Don't just take off running!
Kasumi: But I wanted to be at the music store already. Hey, it made for a good workout, didn't it?
Tae: Yeah, we did it for you.
Arisa: You little-! Just what is that supposed to mean...?!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, what are we here for?
Kasumi: Guitar strings! O-Tae taught me that the quality of the materials could change how the instrument sounds, so I thought I'd come look for something that sounds how I like!
Natsuki: ... Ichigaya-san?
Arisa: Huh...?!
Kasumi: Is she a classmate of yours, Arisa?
Natsuki: I would've never seen this coming. You joined a band, huh?
Arisa: It just sort of happened...
Natsuki: You're all in class A, right? I'm Natsuki Umino from class B. I'm in a band too.
Kasumi: You are?! So the person behind you is another member of your band?
Hinako: ...
Natsuki: Nope. She's our senpai.
Rimi: Ah, Hina-chan.
Kasumi: You know her, Rimi-rin? Actually, I feel like I've seen you somewhere before...
Arisa: Wait, you too? I was just thinking the same thing...
Tae: Hina-chan is the drummer for Glitter*Green.
Kasumi & Arisa: Ahh!
Kasumi: That's right! Great work out there, senpai!
Hinako: Fufu... Assemble, girls! Embrace your ambitions! Wooo~!!
Kasumi: Huh? What? Wooo! Embrace!
Hinako: I can't hear you~!
Kasumi: Embrace~!!
Hinako: We're disturbing the other customers!!
Kasumi: What?!
Arisa: Dear lord. Rimi, she's out of her mind.
Rimi: She's nice.
Natsuki: And she listens to my band troubles and gives me advice.
Hinako: Who do we have here? The sparkling star, Kasumi-chan! The mysterious Tae Hanazono-chan!
Hinako: Basement Benkei Arisa-chan! And my sister, Rimi-chan!
Rimi: That's not right~.
Arisa: H-how do you know me? This is our first time talking...
Hinako: I heard about the performance you had in your basement the other day from Yuri-rin! All of you cuties, welcome to the world of Hina-chan!
Arisa: Th-this is frightening...!
Tae: You don't say anything during your shows, so I figured you were quiet.
Rimi: They don't let you, right?
Hinako: Yeah~! They tell me, "Quiet, or you'll ruin our image!"
Hinako: I wonder why. Do you guys know? Oh! Arisa-chan, your pigtails are so adorable!
Arisa: Gahhh! Rimi~, help!
Kasumi: ... Ah! That reminds me! Senpai, you can play the drums for us!
Kasumi: Please! Play for us at the culture festival!
Arisa: You can't just spring that on her...
Hinako: Yes! I'd love to!!
Arisa: Just like that?!
Hinako: Hmm~, but you know, there's a much better drummer you girls are already close to! Right, Nat-chan?!
Natsuki: ... You're talking about Saya?
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Natsuki: ... She and I formed a band in middle school. I played the guitar and took care of the vocals. Saya played the drums.
Kasumi: Saya did?
Natsuki: I figured she hadn't mentioned it to you all.
Rimi: Y-yeah, this is my first time hearing about it. So she was in a band...
Tae: In middle school...? That's impressive.
Natsuki: Though, we ended up not being able to play in any shows together.
Kasumi: Why's that?
Natsuki: There's a number of reasons... But Saya keeps everything to herself.
Natsuki: She worries by herself, and she makes decisions on her own... She won't say what's on her mind...
Natsuki: That's why I was happy when I saw your flyer. I thought she was up for being in a band again...
Kasumi: Nat-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Residence - Saya's Room]

Kasumi: I'm sorry for showing up so suddenly, Saya.
Saya: No, don't worry about it. What happened though? What made you come all the way to my house?
Kasumi: Uhm, well... I heard that you were in a band.
Saya: Oh, so you talked to Natsu.
Kasumi: She was worried about you, you know. She said you wouldn't talk to her. That she doesn't want things to continue like this...
Kasumi: Now I definitely think you should play with us at the culture festival! You know how I was saying we should perform together?! I really wanna see you play the drums!
Saya: It wouldn't work. And I haven't even been practicing. It'll just make things harder for the rest of you.
Kasumi: That's fine! I'm always making things harder for you anyway!
Saya: No. I don't plan on being part of a band again.
Kasumi: Why not?
Saya: ... I don't wanna get home late. Things are a lot more difficult for my mom when I'm not around.
Saya: Her body has never held up very well, and yet, she's always trying to take care of everything around the house on her own... I hadn't realized that until the day she collapsed.
Kasumi: And that's why you quit your band?
Kasumi: In that case, I'll help around the store too! If we all lend a hand, you should have time to be part of a ban-
Saya: ... Sorry. Find someone else.
Kasumi: Why can't you do it?
Kasumi: Nat-chan said when you were playing with them, you looked like you were having a lot of fun... Do you hate the idea of being in a band now?
Saya: ...! Of course not!
Saya: You just don't get it, Kasumi! I can't allow myself to be part of a band if it means other people's lives will be harder!
Saya: Natsu and the others said the same thing as you! That they'll help out if things get tough! That they'll be there to lend a hand! That they'd cut down on rehearsal time because they're worried!
Saya: Instead of thinking of what they want, everyone's dropping everything for me! Is that fun?! Is it supposed to be okay that I'm the only one getting enjoyment out of it?! Of course not!
Saya: All I'd be doing is moving my pain to someone else... That's why I quit... I can't just decide to join a band again...
Kasumi: That's not true...
Saya: Yes, it is!
Kasumi: It's not! Why do you make all the decisions on your own?! It's not fair! Let us figure this out together...
Saya: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Residence - Living Room]

Kasumi & Saya: ...
Arisa: Hey.
Kasumi: Huh? What are you all doing here?
Tae: After what we heard at the store, you took off somewhere. We figured you'd come here.
Arisa: You know, we could hear you guys downstairs.
Rimi: Jun-kun was so scared, he ran into the bakery...
Arisa: ... Alright, guess we should go home.
Kasumi: What? B-but-
Arisa: There's no way we can have a proper conversation at this point.
Arisa: I mean, it's whatever to me, but... if someone was gonna join the band, I'd certainly feel better having Yamabuki-san be our new member than some stranger.
Rimi: Same! I'd love to be able to play with you, Saya-chan.
Tae: ... I sent a song to your phone. Give it a listen.
Saya: I already said I can't do it...
Kasumi: We'll be waiting, okay?
Saya: ...
