remakestory-13 Chapter 13: We Don't Have a Name Yet

As the Culture Festival performance approaches, Kasumi and the others think of their band name...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: What?! They made you the culture festival committee leader?! What in the world is going on with class A?
Kasumi: Hey~! What do you mean?! It'll be fine! Besides, they made Saya my right-hand woman!
Arisa: Oh... Should be fine with Yamabuki-san helping.
Kasumi: Huh?! That was a completely different reaction!
Rimi: Everyone in class responded the same way Arisa-chan did...
Arisa: Okay, so what's your class doing?
Saya: We're gonna have a café. It was decided that we'd have bread from my family's bakery.
Saya: And the one that fought for that was Ushigome-san.
Rimi: That's because it's just so good~.
Tae: Hey, guys, do you have a sec'?
Rimi: What is it, O-Tae-chan?
Tae: I have a song I want you all to hear.
Kasumi: A song? You're gonna play it on your guitar?
Tae: ...
Kasumi: Whoa, awesome! What song is that?
Tae: I thought of it this morning when I was in the tub.
Kasumi: Wait, you wrote it?
Rimi: Wow, it's wonderful.
Arisa: You can write songs too?!
Kasumi: ... Oh! We should play it at the culture festival!
Tae: But I only have one phrase so far.
Kasumi: I'll help! I can do something!
Rimi: Like write the lyrics?
Kasumi: That might work!
Arisa: Except it'd end up being written in a language only you understand!
Rimi: We also have to think of a name for the band.
Kasumi: Oh yeah~!
Arisa: Ngh! Why is there so much stuff to do?!
Saya: ...
Kasumi: ...? Saya, is something wrong?
Saya: Ah, no. It's nothing. I was just thinking about how hard you're all working...
Saya: I'll be looking forward to your show at the culture festival.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Arisa: Hmm~...
Saya: What are you doing out here?
Arisa: Oh, Yamabuki-san...
Saya: I see you've got your notebook open. Are you trying to think of lyrics? Or maybe the band name?
Arisa: ... Yeah, the band name.
Arisa: I can't let it become some nonsense like "the sparkling, heart-pounding something" or whatever...
Saya: Ahaha, I could see Kasumi doing that.
Saya: So what did you come up with? Show me.
Arisa: N-nothing I have so far is very good though...
Saya: I'm sure it's fine~. Look, like this one. "Poppin'" sounds pretty cute, in my opinion.
Arisa: Wait, really...?!
Tae: Yep. And it reminds me of popcorn. It's a fun name.
Arisa: ... Where'd you come from?!
Kasumi: Ohhh~, what's everyone doing?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan and I just got back from shopping~.
Arisa: So you were outside. No wonder you were nowhere to be found. You went shopping? For what?
Rimi: We bought aprons, and we also have badges and pins and stuff.
Saya: We're going to be making aprons for the café after school. If you're free, you should come too, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Wh-why would I do that...? I'm in a different class...
Saya: Well, everyone else we hang out with during lunch is going to be together, so I figured you might want to join. Ah, but no need to force yourself if you can't make it...
Arisa: I-I wouldn't say I can't make it... Y-yeah, you have a point. I have time. I guess I could go...
Saya: Ahaha. Alright, then we'll see you there.
