remakestory-01 Chapter 1: Searching for the Star Beat

Kasumi is on the hunt for a sparkling and heart-pounding that reminds her of the beat of the stars that she heard as a kid.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kasumi: Boy, now that I'm here, I can really feel it. I'm finally a high school student!
Kasumi: New school, new clothes! I get the feeling something sparkly is about to begin!
Kasumi: School, starting today, we're gonna be spending a lot of time together!
Kasumi: Oh yeah, that's right! I wonder what class I'm in. The bulletin board is right~... there!
Kasumi: Toyama, Toyama... Oh, there it is!
Kasumi: Whoa!
Saya: Ah, sorry... I was too busy with the bulletin board. Should've been looking where I was going.
Kasumi: No, I ran into you too. Sorry about that... Hm? Something smells good...
Saya: Huh?
Kasumi: Something smells really, really good! Like bread!
Kasumi: Ohh, that just reminds me that I didn't have breakfast...
Saya: Yeah, my family owns a bakery. Want some of this? Oh, it's not bread though.
Kasumi: Candy! Are you sure? Thanks!
Kasumi: Which class are you in?
Saya: Class A...
Kasumi: You are?! Where's your name?!
Saya: Saya Yamabuki. Look, right there.
Kasumi: Yamabuki... There it is! And my name is Kasumi Toyama!
Saya: Toyama-san... I didn't see you around during middle school. You're coming in from somewhere else, huh? Why'd you decide to come here?
Kasumi: Well~, my sister is a student at this middle school, and it looked like a really fun place! Actually, there are so many reasons! Oh, like these uniforms! I love 'em!
Saya: Ahaha, yeah. Uniforms are important.
Kasumi: Yep! And so I picked Hanasakigawa!
Saya: Ahaha, that's nice.
Saya: See, I'm from the same school, so half the students haven't changed, and the middle school building is right there. On top of that, the uniform is the same, so I guess you can say not much is different from before...
Kasumi: But now you're in high school! Don't you just feel like something is about to begin!
Saya: Huh? Like what...?
Kasumi: Look, it's already happening! The start of a new friendship!
Saya: You're pretty quick to call someone your friend.
Kasumi: What?! Was I moving too fast?!
Saya: Ahaha, not at all. It's nice to meet you, Toyama-san.
Kasumi: You can call me Kasumi!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Teacher: Okay, everyone, we'll take turns introducing ourselves. And you're all in high school now. Try to sell yourself a little.
Teacher: First, Ushigome-san.
Rimi: O-okay! My name is Rimi Ushigome. Uhm... Uhhh... It's nice to meet you all.
Kasumi: Sell myself? That means tell them what's good about me, right? Hmm...
Teacher: Toyama-san.
Kasumi: Alrighty! Hello, everyone! I'm Kasumi Toyama, and I'm 15!
Kasumi: I came to this school because it seemed like a lot of fun.
Kasumi: I went to a middle school close to home, but my sister goes to the one here. I came for a culture festival once, and everyone was having a good time. Plus, everything was shining so bright. I knew I just had to come here!
Kasumi: That's why I'm so excited!
Kasumi: And when I was a kid, I heard the beating of the stars. Now, I wanna find something sparkling and heart-pounding like that.
Kasumi: I want to feel it!
Rimi: ...
Classmate: What do you mean by the 'beating of the stars'?
Kasumi: Uhh, well the stars were sparkly~, and-
Classmate: Fufu, cute. You're funny, Toyama-san.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kasumi: Did I say something weird during my introduction?
Saya: Uhhh...
Kasumi: Uhhh? So it was weird, then?
Saya: I liked it.
Saya: Besides, this high school is like a different world to you. It's not a bad idea to try and start something new.
Kasumi: You think?! Okay, so will you come with me to check out clubs tomorrow?
Saya: Oh, sorry. I can't do clubs... I have to help out at home after school.
Kasumi: Oh, I see...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Toyama Residence]

Asuka: Sis, did you decide which club to join?
Kasumi: What do I do~? They all look so fun~.
Kasumi: I enjoyed the kendo club, the shogi club. And you're in the swim club, right? I had a really good time there, too!
Asuka: So you'd be fine joining any of them, then.
Kasumi: Hmm, well... they didn't really have the sparkling and heart-pounding that I was looking for.
Asuka: What is 'sparkling and heart-pounding' mean?
Kasumi: Aa-chan, you remember when we went camping when we were kids? It was night time, and we left our tent to go searching in the forest?
Asuka: You mean when we went without saying anything and got in trouble for it?
Kasumi: That starry sky beyond the patches of grass was so amazing! It was glistening like treasure, and the stars were beating!
Asuka: Don't you mean your heart was?
Kasumi: Yeah, maybe. Wasn't that a sparkling, heart-pounding moment?
Asuka: There you go again with that... Sis, you know you're in high school now, right?
Kasumi: Yes, I am!
Asuka: Sigh... I'm going to bed.
Kasumi: Okay! Good night, Aa-chan!
Kasumi: I hope I'll be able to find that sparkling, heart-pounding thing...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

Kasumi: Hmm, wasn't able to find it again today.
Kasumi: ... What was that? Something shiny...
Kasumi: Is this a star sticker? What's it doing on the ground?
Kasumi: Ehehe, it's so glittery and cute. To think I'd run into a star here. Something great must be about to happen.
Kasumi: Ah, here's another one! Oh, and over here!
Kasumi: I wonder if this goes somewhere. This is it! I think something sparkly is coming!
