remakestory-19 Chapter 19: Poppin'Party's Help

Poppin'Party has gathered in the basement. That's what they get a phone call from SPACE!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Saya, this your base-rehearsal debut, right?!
Saya: What is a base rehearsal?
Rimi: Rehearsal in the basement?
Kasumi: Yep, and it's our base! Ahh~, when the five of us are together in this space...
Kasumi: ...
Saya: Come on, finish your sentence.
Kasumi: Sorry, sorry! I was just taking it in! The party girls have assembled!
Arisa: Huh? What did you just say?
Tae: She said we're hardy girls.
Arisa: No, she most definitely did not.
Saya: Party girls? You mean because we're Poppin'Party?
Kasumi: There you go, Saya!
Rimi: Oh, I get it.
Tae: Sounds like a good time.
Kasumi: ...? O-Tae, your phone is ringing.
Tae: Oh, uhhh... It's from SPACE.
Saya: You don't have a shift there today, do you? I wonder what happened.
Tae: It seems everyone there has come down with the flu...
Kasumi, Arisa, Rimi & Saya: What?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[SPACE - Lobby]

Tae: Owner, I got your message...!
Owner: Yeah, looks like no one can make it. We're in trouble here.
Tae: Today is the joint concert between Glitter*Green and Roselia, right?
Owner: We'll make it work. The fans have been looking forward to this.
Kasumi: I'll help!
Arisa: How...?
Owner: I can't let an amateur do that.
Kasumi: But there has to be something I can do, even if I can't do the more difficult stuff...
Rimi: I'd like to help with my sister's show. Would you mind if I clean?
Saya: I'm not sure how I could be of assistance, but just say the word.
Owner: ...
Tae: Owner.
Owner: ... Today will be an exception.
Kasumi: Okay! We'll do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[SPACE - Dressing Room]

Arisa: Sigh, how did I get dragged into this?
Arisa: Uhh, Kasumi? Why are you taking it easy? What is that you've been reading?
Kasumi: It's a book that was put here! Look! It says "SPACE NOTEBOOK" on it.
Saya: Interesting. Maybe the bands that play here leave a note. There are so many messages left in here.
Kasumi: That show was the best. "Owner, we love you."
Rimi: It must have been here for a while now with how much has been written in it.
Arisa: There's a photo here too. It's of the owner and one of the bands that performed. I guess they took it to celebrate?
Saya: She's laughing here.
Arisa: So granny knows how to smile, huh...?
Kasumi: Everyone loves this place. That's so nice. I hope one day we can be a part of this no-
Owner: Girls, this isn't playtime.
Kasumi: Wah, Owner!
Owner: Get this place cleaned up before the bands get here.
Kasumi: Okay!
Arisa: Man, she is scary...
Rimi: We should take this more seriously.
Saya: I just realized... I don't see O-Tae around...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[SPACE - Lobby]

Tae: Everything looks okay here...
Tae: ...? Is this the schedule...?
Tae: Looks like everything after this point is open... I wonder if someone forgot to fill it in...
Kasumi: Ah, there you are, O-Tae! Glitter*Green and Roselia are here!
Tae: Alright, coming.
