remakestory-14 Chapter 14: With Saya!

The girls continue to prepare for the Culture Festival performance, and it's decided that Kasumi will stay at Saya's house for the night.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Yamabuki Residence]

Saya's Mom: Saya, how many of your friends are coming over today? Will they be having dinner here before they leave?
Saya: No, no need to get all worked up. We're gonna be sampling lots of different bread anyway.
Jun: Sis, you're such a dumb meanie. I want bread too!
Sana: Me too!
Saya: You'll spoil your appetite. More importantly, have you two finished your homework? I'm gonna be checking it soon.
Jun: Aw man~, no fair~.
Saya: ... Mom, I'm sorry I've been getting home so late. The culture festival stuff has kept me really busy. Are you doing okay?
Saya's Mom: You worry too much. I'm completely fine now, okay? And I have your father to help out.
Saya's Dad: That's right. You don't need to be concerned with the stuff going on around here. You just do what makes you happy, Saya.
Saya: Okay...
Kasumi: Hello~!
Saya's Mom: Sounds like Kasumi-chan and the others are here. Go ahead, don't keep them waiting. Time for culture festival fun♪
Saya: I told you, we don't have to make such a big deal out of this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[That Night]

Rimi: Thank you for having us over.
Kasumi: The aprons came out really well!
Arisa: Kasumi, are you actually planning to stay at Yamabuki-san's place?
Kasumi: Mhm, I'm gonna be working hard on those lyrics!
Arisa: Okay, but she's not actually gonna be helping you with that, is she?
Kasumi: I won't be able to stay awake if I'm alone though...
Saya: My parents don't mind since we all have the day off tomorrow.
Kasumi: Thank you so much!
Arisa: Give her a good whack if she falls asleep.
Kasumi: What?!
Saya: You could stay over too if you're that worried about her.
Arisa: A sleepover is not really something you can do on such short notice...
Kasumi: Why are you getting all nervous?
Arisa: Shut up! I'm not just some easygoing girl, you know! I'm outta here!
Rimi: Ah, Arisa-chan, hold on.
Tae: Alright, I'm leaving too. I'll send the song once I'm done with it.
Kasumi: I wonder if Arisa can't sleep without her pillow.
Saya: Ahaha, she's a funny one.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yamabuki Residence - Saya's Room]

Saya: So Ichigaya-san and Ushigome-san shared some ideas for the lyrics?
Kasumi: Mhm, and I'm gonna take those ideas and put 'em together!
Saya: Wow, that's a big responsibility.
Kasumi: I know~... But I have to do my best!
Saya: Fufu. Oh, check out this note from Ushigome-san. It says, "You can do it, Kasumi-chan."
Kasumi: Aww, Rimi-rin! That makes me so happy! Alrighty, time to get down to business!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Ohh, I think I'm getting a headache.
Saya: Ahaha, maybe you should take a little break.
Kasumi: Yeah. Ah, hey, is it okay if I go on the balcony and look at the stars?
Kasumi: They're really bright tonight! I might be able to come up with something after looking at them!
Saya: Ahaha, yeah. Maybe you'll get that sparkling and heart-pounding feeling.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Saya: ... So, is it working?
Kasumi: Yes, I can tell this will be a great song♪
Saya: Even though neither the song nor the lyrics are done yet?
Kasumi: Yeah, but we're all in this together.
Kasumi: At first, I would get all excited by myself, but now I have Rimi-rin, Arisa, and I have O-Tae. And you, Saya!
Saya: ... And is your heart pounding?
Kasumi: Mhm, it is! And when we're singing and performing together, everything is all sparkly! Every single thing about it is fun! I get so pumped up, I just wanna run around!
Saya: Couldn't you turn that into lyrics?
Saya: Instead of thinking so hard about it, I think you can just put that in and what you're feeling will come across.
Kasumi: You think so?
Saya: Yep, and everyone will help you organize what you came up with afterward.
Kasumi: ... Hey, so I've been thinking this for a while now. Why don't you sing with us at the culture festival?
Saya: Huh...?
Kasumi: Just once, at the event. It's fine if you don't join the band or whatever. I just wanna sing with you!
Saya: ... It does seem like it would be a lot of fun.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm sure it would!
Saya: ... I might be okay with that. I'm not sure if I'd do it at the culture festival, but...
Saya: One day. The time will come.
Kasumi: Okay! It's a promise!
Saya: That reminds me. What about the band name? What did you all decide in the end?
Kasumi: Heh heh heh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[At A Later Date]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kasumi: Ta-da~! Look, Saya~! We made a flyer for our band~!
Saya: Wow, you guys are going all out for the culture festival. Ahaha, this drawing is cute.
Kasumi: That work of art was made by Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Ehehe, thank you~.
Saya: Uhhh, the band's name is Poppin'Party?
Kasumi: Arisa came up with that!
Arisa: I only mentioned it to them because you said it sounded good, Yamabuki-san.
Saya: Yeah, I think it's the perfect name for your group.
Kasumi: Also... Look at where it lists the members.
Saya: ... Wait, that's my name...
Kasumi: You're a part of the group too.
Saya: ...!
Kasumi: Alrighty, now to get all these flyers up!
Saya: ...
？？？: Saya.
Saya: Natsu...
Natsuki: It's... been a while. That's kinda weird to say since we go to the same school.
Natsuki: ... I saw the flyer. So you joined a band?
Saya: Huh?
Natsuki: That's great. I'm glad you're feeling up to i-
Saya: I didn't.
Natsuki: ...!
Saya: That's just something my friend wrote without my permission... Sorry.
