remakestory-21 Chapter 21: You Can't See Anything?

The members of Poppin'Party are shocked at the news of SPACE closing, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: I will be creating the ideal Hanazono Land, right here. This will be Oddie's room, and Doro-chan will live next door...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, come back to us~!
Arisa: What in the world is she doing?
Saya: I guess SPACE closing has taken its toll.
Arisa: Yeah, it must have hit hard. Kasumi's not even here...
Kasumi: Morning~! Sorry I'm late!
Saya: G-good morning...
Arisa: She's a lot more cheerful than I expected...
Kasumi: Ehehe~! I've come with some ideas for the costumes we can wear for our show!
Rimi: You drew these, Kasumi-chan?
Saya: Wow, they're pretty cute.
Rimi: But SPACE is going to be closing down soon...
Kasumi: Which means it's still open!
Kasumi: Let's pass one of those auditions! I'm gonna work really hard!
Saya: ... Yeah, there's still a lot we can do. We can start to feel bad after we've given it everything we've got.
Rimi: That's right. I want to be able to go on stage with you all and wear matching outfits.
Tae: I'll make Hanazono Land after we're done with the show.
Arisa: As if I'd let you!
Saya: Okay, so when will we be having our next audition?
Kasumi: Today!
Arisa, Rimi, Tae & Saya: Huh...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[SPACE - Lobby]

Owner: ... Are you actually trying to pass the audition?
Kasumi: Of course!
Owner: I've heard enough. You just don't have it.
Kasumi: What...?!
Arisa: I told you we were being too hasty.
Kasumi: What is this thing we don't have?
Arisa: She's talking about skill level, no?
Rimi: But she said before that talent isn't what they're looking for.
Kasumi: ...? Hey, you guys, look at that monitor!
Arisa: The monitor? Looks like there's a band playing on it.
Tae: They're auditioning right now. At SPACE, you're allowed to watch others try out.
Saya: That looks like... Ah, it's CHiSPA!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Owner: Your bassist was ahead of tempo. Your drummer was clearly overwhelmed. Your guitarist and keyboardist conceal their mistakes by being flashy and high-energy.
Natsuki, Fumika, Mayu & Satomi: ...!
Owner: ... Did you give it everything you've got?
Natsuki, Fumika, Mayu & Satomi: ... Yes!
Natsuki: We did... That was everything we could possibly do at the moment!
Owner: ... You're in.
Natsuki: Huh...? Oh, okay! Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Yay! They did it, they passed! Nice one, Nat-chan!
Arisa: Actually...?
Rimi: Wow, amazing.
Saya: So they beat us, huh~?
Tae: ... I wonder what they did differently.
Tae: What do they have that we don't? Is it because they could actually answer the question? Is it because their song was good?
Kasumi & Rimi: ...
Hinako: ...
Kasumi: Whoa! Hina-chan-senpai!
Hinako: The one and only! Wooo~!!
Saya: What are you doing here...?!
Hinako: Wherever I'm wanted, I shall appear... That's the kind of person I wish be. That's the kind~!!
Arisa: Who wanted you here though...?
Hinako: Is that how you really feel, young lady? And here I was, just about to tell you the secret to passing the audition.
Kasumi: What?! There's a secret?!
Hinako: If you take me on a date, I'll tell you what it is~!
Arisa: I'm sorry?!
Tae: Have fun, Arisa!
Arisa: Yeah, right! In your dreams!
Kasumi: Okay, I'm going too!
Arisa: You can't even call that a date anymore!
Hinako: Stop! Don't fight over me, please!
Yuri: Alright, that's enough. No more teasing them.
Rimi: Sis! Are you here to watch the auditions as well?
Yuri: Mhm, it might give us a push in the right direction.
Hinako: We watched your audition too, you know!
Saya: ... Uhh, could you tell us what went wrong?
Hinako: Hm?
Saya: What exactly is it that we're missing...?
Rimi: What is this secret to passing?
Hinako: Well, I guess we can wait until later for the date. I'll give you one hint! You have to think as hard as you can!
Rimi: We have to think...?
Yuri: There's no right way to play music. It's different for everyone. You girls will have to find what works for Poppin'Party.
Kasumi: I have to think as hard as I can...
(Black cut)

[That Night]

[SPACE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Hello!
Owner: ... It's closing time.
Kasumi: Yes, I know! I just had to come after thinking how hard I was gonna practice!
Owner: You mean for an audition? If you wanna practice, do it at home.
Kasumi: Mhm, I will!
Kasumi: I definitely wanna perform here...! And it's not because of the sparkling, heart-pounding feeling. It's because I like SPACE!
Owner: ...
Kasumi: After helping around here, I finally understood! This place that everyone loves, that you love... I love it too!
Owner: In that case, show me a performance I can respect.
Kasumi: We'll make it happen, for sure!
Owner: ... You don't change at all, do you? That's the same kind of response you gave last time.
Kasumi: We practiced so much, only to fail... But I still had a lot of fun...
Owner: Hmph, that deserves you some respect, at the very least.
Owner: Unfortunately, you just don't understand. Not the people around you. Not yourself.
Kasumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Owner: You were the weakest link in the group.
Kasumi: ...!!
Owner: Now, go home.
Kasumi: ...
