remakestory-25 Chapter 25: Five-Person Sleepover

Kasumi is filled with enthusiasm and determination as she practices. Poppin'Party gathers the day before their audition...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Mah, meh, me, mo, moo! And go!
Saya, Rimi, Arisa & Tae: Mah, meh, me, mo, moo!
Eve: What are you doing, Kasumi-san?
Hagumi: I know! This is that warm-up thing people do before going on stage, right?!
Kasumi: Ah, Eve-chan! Hagu!
Saya: They're vocal exercises. We have an audition at a live house soon.
Hagumi: Oh, an audition! Good luck!
Arisa: ... Who are they?
Rimi: Hagumi-chan and Eve-chan. They're in our class.
Eve: Are you another member of Kasumi-san's band?
Arisa: Huh...? Uhm, yes. Nice to meet you~.
Tae: This is the polite version of Arisa.
Kokoro: Poppin'Party! Hope practice is going well~!
Misaki: Wha-?! Stop jumping into other people's business!
Arisa: Looks like we're even getting support from strangers.
Tae: I guess more people know about Poppin'Party because of the culture festival.
Rimi: With all of them cheering us on, it feels like we have no choice but to try our best.
Kasumi: Mhm! Let's pass this next audition!
Saya: That's important too, but... you know we have a test before that, right?
Kasumi & Tae: I know!
Kasumi: Arisa, teach me~!!
Arisa: Can't you do it yourself?
Saya: Ahaha, forming a study group might not be a bad idea actually.
Rimi: Yeah, we should do that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Day Before The Audition]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Gah~! I'm beat~!
Saya: Yet another day of endless practice!
Rimi: I can't move my fingers~.
Saya: It's pretty hard having rehearsals and tests at the same time.
Arisa: I'm sure the test was the harder one of the two for Kasumi and O-Tae.
Kasumi: Ngh, don't talk about it!
Tae: Let's completely remove it from our memory.
Rimi: Are you sure it's okay to just forget about it...?
Saya: Well, the audition is tomorrow. We can ignore how we did on the test for now so that we can focus.
Rimi: Y-yeah, that's true. It is really soon...
Kasumi: Tomorrow...
Tae: What do I do? I know I won't be able to sleep tonight... My heart might pound so hard that it explodes...
Saya: What...?!
Arisa: No, it won't.
Kasumi: But I understand the feeling. All I have to do is think about tomorrow and the same thing happens to me!
Kasumi: Is it the same for you, Arisa?
Arisa: I-it's possible, I suppose.
Rimi: ... Uhm, O-Tae-chan! Is it okay if I stay at your house tonight?
Rimi: I don't think I'll be able to sleep if I'm by myself either...
Tae: Really? Yeah, you can stay as many nights as you want!
Kasumi: I wanna sleep over too!
Saya: I guess I'll join... What about you, Arisa?
Arisa: I mean, if everybody's going...
Tae: They said everyone can come.
Kasumi: Yay~!
Arisa: You sure didn't waste any time, huh?!
Saya: Alright, let's get a change of clothes and meet at the station!
Tae: Yeah, and I'll buy some sweets for us.
Kasumi: Later, Arisa~!
Arisa: Huh? Wait...! Someone tell me what I'm supposed to bring~!
