remakestory-20 Chapter 20: Our First Audition

The show has ended, and Kasumi and the others see the members of Roselia reflecting on their performance.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After The Show]

[SPACE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Mmm, that show was amazing!
Rimi: I know my sister's band was cool, but that Roselia was pretty awesome too.
Arisa: That girl on vocals... Minato-san, was it? She was like a pro up there, wasn't she?
Tae: Their playing was really high level as well. I wonder how often they practice.
Saya: Hey, isn't that them over there?
Lisa: I'm sorry, you guys... I messed up at such an important part...
Rinko: D-don't feel... so bad about it...
Ako: That's right, Lisa-nee~! Besides, everything was great up until then!
Sayo: Beating yourself up over it won't make it better. The faults of our performances can be overcome by consistent practice.
Yukina: Yes, Sayo is right. There's no point in getting frustrated over something that's already done.
Lisa: I know, but this was our moment to play together with Glitter*Green...
Saya: Uhh, that was kinda awkward for us to see...
Tae: Sure, they were a little out of sync, but it was a really good performance.
Rimi: The standards they have for their music must be hard to reach.
Owner: This is no time for you girls to be moping around.
Yukina: Owner...!
Owner: ... A flawless set is not what gets you a perfect score when it comes to concerts. Those people came all the way to the live house to hear you play. Why do you think that is?
Lisa: Well...
Owner: They want to see what you girls are capable of right now, before their very eyes. They want to know what you can do when you give it everything you've got.
Owner: And did you?
Lisa: ... Yes.
Owner: Then you can leave here with your head held high.
Kasumi: ... She may be tough on others, but she's kinda like a teacher too.
Saya: Mhm, you can tell that she loves bands.
Saya: I'm starting to understand why you wanna play here so badly, Kasumi. I'd love to perform on this stage.
Rimi: I feel the same. I want to play here. And with permission this time.
Kasumi: Yeah! Let's make it happen, you guys!
Tae: There's an audition next week.
Kasumi: We should try out!
Arisa: Come again?! We haven't even started preparing yet!
Rimi: Next week might be too soon...
Kasumi: It should be fine if we start now!
Arisa: Talking without using your brain again, I see... Sigh. Fine, whatever.
Saya: So you end up going along with her plan anyway.
Tae: We'll have to practice every single day.
Rimi: I supposed we'll be having rehearsal in the basement after school.
Kasumi: Alrighty, guys! Let's do this thing!
Saya, Rimi & Tae: Yeah!
Kasumi: C'mon, Arisa! You're supposed to yell "yeah!"
Arisa: Huh? Uhh, no thanks...
Kasumi: Aww, are you embarrassed?
Arisa: Sh-shut up already!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later - Day Of The Audition]

[SPACE - Stage]

Poppin'Party: We're Poppin'Party! Thanks for having us!
Owner: ... Begin.
Rimi: Ohhh, I'm so nervous~.
Kasumi: We practiced really hard! It'll be okay!
Arisa: I have to make sure not to make some weird mistake...
Tae: Arisa, relax.
Arisa: D-don't talk to me. I'm focusing.
Saya: C-calm down, everyone. Just remember what we practiced. You all ready?
Kasumi, Arisa, Rimi & Tae: Yeah...!
Saya: Here we go. One, two, three, four.
(Black cut)
Kasumi: (... I did it! I think my singing was even more enjoyable than when we were practicing!)
Owner: ...
Arisa: (I still messed up, even while I was being careful...)
Rimi: (My fingers weren't moving the way I wanted them to...)
Tae: (I can't believe I had it down during rehearsals after that performance...)
Saya: (Our sounds didn't come together. I suppose our practice wasn't enough...)
Owner: Does anyone here think your band did the best it possibly could?
Saya, Rimi, Tae & Arisa: ...
Kasumi: I do!
Saya: K-Kasumi...
Owner: Hmph, that's too bad. I can't allow you girls to play here.
Kasumi: We'll give it another try! We'll keep on practicing, and we'll try over and over again!
Owner: Over and over, huh...? Good luck.
Kasumi: Thanks!
Tae: Uhm, Owner! I saw the schedule, and the second half was completely blank...
Owner: ... That's right, I haven't told you yet. I'll be closing SPACE.
Kasumi & Saya: ...!
Tae: Why?
Owner: I've already given it everything I've got. I'll be counting on you until closing day, Hanazono.
Kasumi: ...
