remakestory-11 Chapter 11: Make O-Tae's Heart Pound

Kasumi wants to discuss how to make O-Tae's heart pound so they can get an audition, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Arisa: And how are you supposed to make O-Tae feel 'sparkling and heart-pounding'?
Kasumi: We'll put on a show! I'll play the guitar, and you'll pl-
Arisa: There's no way we have what it takes to do that!
Saya: I don't get the rules here. So if you can't do this, you won't be able to have the audition?
Tae: I never said that...
Arisa: Wah! What are you doing here?!
Kasumi: This is a meeting to find something that'll excite her, after all!
Tae: My presence here is valuable.
Arisa: You're the enemy!
Kasumi: No she's not! She's our friend!!
Tae: ...! Your friend...
Saya: Hanazono-san...? Why are you clutching your chest? Are you okay?
Rimi: Does it hurt?
Tae: No... I've just never had someone call me their friend before...
Saya: Well, people don't say it out loud that often.
Rimi: Uhm... What will happen if our performance doesn't get Hanazono-san excited?
Arisa: Does it matter? Whether we audition for something is up to us!
Tae: That's true, but SPACE is pretty tough.
Kasumi & Rimi: ...!
Arisa: Is it really that bad? Actually, why do they call it the "holy land of girl bands" anyway?
Rimi: Well... It was specifically created as a space for girl bands to perform.
Rimi: The owner played the guitar for a band that would go on tour and stuff, and she wanted to undo the image that live houses are dangerous and scary. That's how SPACE started.
Rimi: There are a lot of bands who want to be recognized by her and be able to play there.
Kasumi: That's so cool...! Now I wanna play there even more!
Kasumi: That's it! We're gonna do whatever we have to so that O-Tae's heart will pound and she'll believe we're good enough for SPACE!
Saya: Okay, but where are you gonna have this show you were talking about?
Kasumi: Hmm, how does Arisa's basement sound?
Arisa: My place?!
Tae: We'll get down... downstairs.
Arisa: Uhh, 'get down'?
Kasumi: Yeah! Let's get down! Arisa, Rimi-rin, it's time for a basement show!
Arisa: Huh?! You can't just decide on your own! In fact, you need my permission, Kasumi~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: So having a show in my basement is fine and all... But what song are we supposed to play exactly?
Kasumi: What about Twinkle Twinkle Little Star?
Arisa: Seems kinda boring, no?
Rimi: W-would you guys mind considering this song...? I can play it for you on my phone.
Kasumi: A song you think we should play, huh, Rimi-rin? It's called Choco Cornet Love...?
Arisa: Wait, did you write this song?!
Rimi: M-mhm... My sister and I wrote it together a long time ago. I thought we could play it since it's not that hard...
Kasumi: That's amazing, Rimi-rin! Let's hear it!
Rimi: Okay. Here are some earphones.
Kasumi & Arisa: ... ...
Kasumi: Wow! It's so cute!
Arisa: Yeah, that's not bad.
Rimi: I'm glad you like it. I'll prepare some sheet music then.
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! Alright, we're gonna get some real practice done tomorrow!
(Black cut)

[The Next Day]

Kasumi: Rimi-rin, how am I supposed to read this? The chords are written, but I have no idea how I'm supposed to play them.
Rimi: O-oh, maybe I should have brought tab sheet music?
Kasumi: What's that?
Rimi: It's the kind that has which strings and frets you're supposed to play on it. So for this chord, you place your finger on the fourth string of the fifth fret...
Kasumi: Fourth string of the fifth fret... 'Kay, got it.
Rimi: The next is the first string of the seventh fret, I think... Wait, maybe not.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~, my finger's getting tired~.
Arisa: Hey, so when are we gonna be able to practice?
Kasumi: I'm sorry, I don't know that many chords. Just looking at the sheet music doesn't tell me what I'm supposed to do.
Arisa: So basically, this is gonna take forever, even if you do manage to figure it out.
Rimi: If only we had someone who could show you how to play it. My sister is too busy...
Kasumi: Someone who can play it...? Ah, there is one person like that! Someone really good at the guitar!
Arisa: Huh? And who would that be?
(Black cut)
Tae: Hello~.
Kasumi: O-Tae~, teach me~.
Arisa: Wait wait wait! Isn't there something wrong with this?!
Arisa: Isn't the whole point to show Hanazono-san what you're made of? Why would you call her?!
Kasumi: I had to. There was no one else I could ask.
Tae: I don't really mind.
Rimi: Sorry, I don't know much about the guitar. This is the sheet music she wants you to teach her.
Tae: Arisa, I'm gonna borrow your amp, okay?
Arisa: Huh? S-sure...
Tae: ...
Arisa: Whoa...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, that was amazing...!
Kasumi: Do it again! I wanna take a video!
