remakestory-09 Chapter 9: If You Want to Play, You'll Play

Having yet to complete her work, Kasumi has to stay after class. She seems to be getting closer to Tae.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Arisa! Rimi-rin! I'm sorry I didn't make it to rehearsal yesterday!
Rimi: I-it's okay, don't worry about it.
Arisa: I mean, we kinda saw it coming.
Saya: Especially with how big that bag you were making was.
Kasumi: Yeah, I'm supposed to stay late again today... Ah, O-Tae and I became friends though!
Arisa: Who's that?
Kasumi: O-Tae Hanazono-chan. She's in our class.
Saya: ... 'O-Tae', huh?
Kasumi: She's so awesome! She can tune a guitar just by listening to it, and she's really good at playing!
Rimi: She works part-time at SPACE, right?
Kasumi: Wait, she does?!
Rimi: M-mhm. I'm pretty sure she was at the last concert too.
Kasumi: What?! I didn't even realize! I'll have to ask her during our make-up session!
Arisa: Huh... Alright, so are you coming to practice today?
Kasumi: Yeah! I will definitely finish my assignment this time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Kasumi-chan sure is taking long...
Arisa: Seems like she doesn't plan on coming again.
Rimi: I-it'll be okay. She said she would finish.
Arisa: Yeah, right. She's probably too busy talking with that Hanazono girl to focus.
Rimi: I-I'm sure she's working.
Arisa: Who is this Hanazono-san anyway?
Rimi: Hanazono-san? Hmm~, I haven't really gotten the chance to talk to her, but she has a somewhat mysterious air about her.
Arisa: Mysterious...?
Rimi: Ah, but she's a nice person, I'm sure!
Arisa: In other words, you have no idea.
Rimi: R-right... Ah, I just got a message from Kasumi.
Rimi: Let's see... She says the assignment took her too long and she won't be able to make it again today...
Arisa: ...
Rimi: You really want to show her that thing soon, right?
Arisa: I-I don't care that much either way...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: I still have more work left, even after today~.
Kasumi: And I didn't make it on time for rehearsal... Aw man, I'm gonna have to stay late tomorrow again~...
Tae: Yeah, but I had fun.
Kasumi: Ehehe, me too! Hey, O-Tae? When did you start playing the guitar?
Tae: I think when I was in elementary school. At first, I was learning the piano, but the place I was taking lessons taught all different types of instruments.
Tae: My mom came with me, and I was looking for her one day, but I walked in on a class for guitar lessons.
Tae: And it just sounded so cool... That's the reason I started learning.
Kasumi: Wow, awesome! So it was destiny!
Tae: Yeah, maybe.
Kasumi: Are you in a band?
Tae: I'm not good enough to be.
Kasumi: Aww~, that means I'm nowhere close~.
Tae: If you like playing, it'll be fine. The guitar is played by people who want to play it.
Kasumi: ... Okay! I hope you'll teach me more stuff about the guitar tomorrow!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Kasumi: O-Tae was nice enough to bring an amp with her. It's so small and cute!
Kasumi: She said the sound isn't very good, but I heard it well enough! And her guitar playing was so cool!
Rimi: I-I see...
Arisa: ...
Saya: Sounds like you're never planning to finish your assignment.
Kasumi: I am~.
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan.
Rimi: Uhm... Once you're done with it, will you join us in Arisa-chan's basement for rehearsal? We can't do it without you... Right, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Doesn't make a difference to me.
Rimi: What? But-
Kasumi: Ah! It's O-Tae! I'll be right back!
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan...!
Kasumi: O-Tae~, over here~!
Arisa: ...
Tae: For the G chord, it might be better if you hold that part down with your middle finger.
Kasumi: Oh, okay. Like this?
Arisa: ...
Kasumi: Wait, Arisa! You're leaving already?
Arisa: Yeah, and?
Kasumi: Huh...?
Kasumi: H-hold on! Arisa!
