event34-07 Ending: Everyone's the Most Interesting!

The event is over and the girls are on their way home when Hina shares her thoughts about the meet-and-greet...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Walking Home]

Aya: Is it okay if I upload this photo to my blog?
Eve: Of course! Maya-san, what a lovely smile♪
Maya: Huhehe... I can feel my heart start to race whenever I see myself on your blog, Aya-san.
Aya: Huh~?! But we're in the same band! You're silly~.
Hina: Hmhmm♪ Hey, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Yes?
Hina: Didn't we run into that fan around here, before the meet-and-greet? Talking to them is what got me looking forward to the event in the first place.
Hina: My excitement was also thanks to everything you explained to me. Thanks a million!
Chisato: It's nothing you need to thank me for. I'm glad you found a way to enjoy the day.
Hina: Yeah! You know, everyone says they don't get me... That kid at the Astronomy Club meeting, all the fans from today...
Hina: But you guys in Pastel＊Palettes  try so hard to do just that! And I really appreciate it♪
Chisato: Hina-chan... Say, Hina-chan...
Hina: What's up?
Chisato: Doesn't the idea that there's no one out there that understands you make you feel lonely?
Hina: Lonely...?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Chisato: Do you... remember when I got mad at everyone for assuming I could do anything, without knowing the real me or how hard I worked?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: I understand now that that was my own fault for closing myself off from the rest of you, but... at the time, I felt a certain loneliness along with that anger.
Chisato: It felt like there wasn't anyone out there who understood me...
Hina: Nah, I don't think I feel lonely at all~. But that's because I'm not you!
Hina: I guess you can say I feel more certain about my sense of self because of all the people who aren't me. At least, that's what it feels like.
Hina: So actually, it'd probably be scarier if there was someone like me out there. If I couldn't even understand them, what would that make me?
Chisato: ... You never cease to amaze me, Hina-chan. I could never be like you.
Hina: And you shouldn't have to be♪ That's what makes you Chisato-chan. Ah, but...
Hina: About that time you just mentioned... I really upset you, and I'm sorry.
Chisato: It's okay. It was because that happened that I felt okay with being myself.
Hina: Is that so? I guess it's fine then♪
Eve: Aya-san, look at this comment! "I'm so glad I've followed Aya since her time as a trainee. She was shining way more today than she ever did before"...!
Aya: ...!!
Maya: That great's, Aya-san!!
Aya: W-wah... Wahhh~!! I'm so happy~!!
Hina: Ahaha! Look, she's overcome with emotions~!
Eve: Congratulations, Aya-san! I'm so happy for you!
Chisato: Hey now, your face is a mess. Pull yourself together.
Aya: I-I'm sorry~!
Hina: Sigh~. Meeting all those people and realizing I really am the only me out there... That was really fun and all, but...
Hina: When it comes to being interesting, the members of Pastel＊Palettes are still number one~! I love you guys!
Chisato: (... Imagine learning that there's no one else like you in the world and thinking about it the way that she does. Could anyone else pull that off?)
Chisato: (In a sense, that means Hina-chan really is one-of-a-kind.)
Hina: Chisato-chan! You okay? Something on your mind?
Chisato: Huh? Oh, yes... Nothing big though.
Hina: What is it? I wanna know! Hey, hey, Chisato-chan! I want more time to talk to other people! Let's have some tea!
Chisato: Huh?! You mean now? But it's getting rather late...
Hina: What~?! It's fine! Oh, I've got it. Why don't we have a sleepover at my place? Come on~!
Chisato: N-no... I have to be at the studio early tomorrow morning...
Hina: That's okay, we can just talk all night, and in the morning, I'll walk you there! See, it all works out~! Come on, Chisato-chan~!
