event34-01 Opening: First Ever Release Event!

Pastel＊Palettes have just finished rehearsal when a new job comes their way...!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Aya: Hmhmhmm♪ Hmhmm~♪
Eve: Oh, is that our new song you're humming?
Aya: Yup! I really like that phrase~.
Maya: Ah, I like that part too!
Aya: Really? Ehehe, I'm happy to hear I'm not the only one♪ I can't wait to perform it live!
Agency Staff: Great job today, everyone!
All: Thank you!
Agency Staff: Today we'd like to tell you about your next assignment.
Hina: Ooh~! What is it? What is it? I wanna go to another deserted island!
Agency Staff: N-No... It's not another deserted island... We'd like to do a release event to go along with your new single!
Hina: A release event? What's that?
Agency Staff: It's an event where fans who bought your album get the chance to talk with you girls! We plan on doing a small talk show, and then a meet-and-greet!
Aya: W-wow~! We've finally reached the point where we can have that kind of event too, huh?! We actually did it~...!!
Chisato: But from the beginning we've been told to avoid interactions with our fans as much as possible... Especially Aya-chan... Is it really okay to have an event like this?
Agency Staff: That policy was created when Pastel＊Palettes was  first formed to protect you girls. However, public opinion  toward the group has become a lot more positive as of late...
Agency Staff: So we thought now would be a good time to start doing these types of events. What do you all think?
Eve: It sounds like fun! I'd love the chance to meet with our fans!
Maya: I-I'm a little nervous, but... I'd like to give it a try!
Chisato: I'd also like to do this type of thing, but... Aya-chan, how do you feel about it? Will you be alright?
Aya: O-of course!  This is something I've always wanted to do! Besides, we can't avoid these events forever...
Chisato: True. Then I'm fine with it as well.
Hina: Well, if everyone else is doing it, then I will too, but I still don't get what we're gonna do at this thing.
Aya: It's an event where we hand out CDs and promo shots. Our fans also get to talk with us for a little bit too!
Hina: Why would we talk to them?
Chisato: Our fans are always supporting us and coming to our shows, but it's not every day they get a chance to talk with us in real life, right?
Hina: Yeah, I suppose~.
Chisato: Well, at this event, they get to do just that. Think of it as a way for us to show our loyal fans our appreciation.
Aya: And they won't be the only ones with something to say! This will be an opportunity for us to thank them directly!
Eve: I see... So we're spreading the love!
Maya: Uhm... I think that's a little different.
Aya: Ahaha... But maybe not too different. Our fans will share their feelings with us, and then we'll be showing our thanks in return. So you could say we're 'spreading the love' in a sense!
Hina: Spreading... the love? Hmm... Is this something a lot of performers do?
Aya: You could say that... I think a lot of idol groups do it.
Hina: Hm, okay. Maybe I'll understand after I do it. You can count me in!
Agency Staff: Thank you, everyone! Then we'll begin making all the necessary preparations. We hope you're looking forward to it!
Aya: Can you believe it?! A launch party~! It's like a dream come true~!
Eve: Is launch party another way of saying release event? It has such a lovely ring to it♪
Maya: Aw man, I've already got butterflies in my stomach...
Chisato: Maya-chan, it's far too early for that.
Aya: I wanted to have this kind of event ever since I started training to become an idol, and now I finally get to! I'm so happy! I hope lots of people show up!
Chisato: Oh, that's right. Hey, Hina. I bet a lot of people will come to the meet-and-greet just to see you. Doesn't that sound exciting?
Hina: I understand that, but... I still can't really picture it~.
Aya: It may not make sense to you now, but I'm sure you'll be really boppin' the day of!
Hina: Aya-chan, do you even know what boppin' means~?
Aya: Huh?! U-uhm... B-boppin' means...
Maya: Fufu. Aya-san, there's a perfect way to respond at times like this!
Aya: R-really? What is it?
Maya: "Basically, it's... You know." If you say that, the problem takes care of itself!
Chisato: Maya-chan, I think you've been hanging around Kaoru too much...
Eve: So... What do I know?
Hina: Ahaha! Basically, you know! Well, as long as we do our best, that's all that matters! It's fine!
Aya: Is this really fine?!
