event34-06 Chapter 5: There's Only One Me!

The girls have finished getting through the day's activities when Hina realizes what made her feel uneasy during the event...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After the Meet-and-Greet]

[Dressing Room]

Eve: Great work today at the meet-and-greet, everyone!
Aya: You too, Eve-chan~... Phew~...
Maya: I-I still can't believe how many people came to see us...
Eve: There were some who came through my line multiple times! One of them told me they call it 'making loops'!
Hina: Oh~, I had people like that in my line too. Why would they get back in line so many times?
Eve: I think that means they really like you, Hina-san! If it was Sayo-san, you'd want to talk with her as many times as you could, right? It's the same for your fans!
Hina: Ah! It makes so much more sense when you put it like that!
Aya: Hey, look! Lots of people are talking about the event online!
Maya: Let's see... "Maya-chan actually knows her stuff when it comes to music. What a surprise. We have so much in common. I wish we could be friends"... Huhehe. Aww, shucks.
Aya: "Eve-chan was so stylish, and she had such a bright glow. It was like looking at an angel. I think I'm an even bigger fan of hers now~." Did you hear that?!
Eve: Such kind words... I'm flattered.
Chisato: You have a lot of female fans, Eve-chan. As expected of someone who's done modeling.
Aya: Here's one about you, Chisato-chan!  "Her responses felt a little rehearsed and stiff, but when she complimented my outfit and accessories, I was thrilled! She knew exactly what she was doing."
Maya: "When I told her I've been enjoying her work recently, she said, 'Only recently?' That really made my heart skip a beat. She's so clever." Ch-Chisato-san... You're really good at this stuff...
Chisato: I noticed a fan was wearing yellow, flower-shaped accessories to match my stage outfit, so I decided to compliment them.
Eve: I can't believe you noticed that, Chisato-san! Next time, I'm going to pay attention to my fans' accessories too!
Maya: Here's a couple about you, Hina-san! "When I told her I came from the countryside to see her, she asked why. Not the response you'd usually expect, but I really liked that about her."
Eve: "Hina-chan was just like she is on TV, a real one-of-a-kind oddball. I don't think I'd ever get tired seeing that from her."
Aya: Sounds like people didn't really understand what you were saying, but that very quality is what makes them like you.
Hina: Oh yeah, I had someone in my line that was a lot like you, Aya-chan!
Aya: Like me? What do you mean?
Hina: Once they got to the front, they got really quiet. I was wondering what happened, and then they told me, "I'm sorry. I'm so nervous I forgot what I was going to say!"
Hina: The way she got all panicky really reminded me of you! I couldn't help but laugh.
Aya: Maybe I did get nervous and panic when I met Ayumi-san... Wait! You're the one who stands out here, not me~! There's no else like you in the world!
Hina: No one else... Ah! That's it!! That's exactly it!!
Aya: Wah! Wh-what's it?
Hina: So, I had a good time today. I got to talk to a bunch of people who aren't me! But halfway through, something just didn't... feel right...? I guess you could say...
Hina: I didn't really get it, but what you just said cleared it all up, Aya-chan!
Maya: Uhm~... Meaning...?
Hina: Well, I met someone who was like Aya-chan and lots of other different types of people, but I didn't meet anyone like me!
Hina: I was excited to do the meet-and-greet so I could meet all sorts of people who are different from me, and that's exactly what happened! You guys, there's only one me!
Aya: ... Eve-chan, did you understand any of that?
Eve: I did not... Maya-san... Translation, please.
Maya: Uhm... As far as I can tell... I think she's saying she's the one and only Hina-san. That there's no one else like her in the world.
Maya: Even among all those people, there wasn't one person that reminded her of herself. And that made her feel something that she couldn't describe. Is that it, Hina-san?
Hina: Yeah, yeah! That's exactly it! Everyone kept telling me how strange I was, but from my point of view, they're the strange ones!
Hina: Everyone agrees that I'm a weirdo, but is there anyone out there who would agree with me that the fans are the weird ones? Nope!
Hina: So I kept thinking, "Why is that?" But now I have the answer! It's because they're not me!
Chisato: Hina-chan...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hina: Sometimes I'll get people who are interested in joining, but last time someone came to a meeting, they said they didn't 'get me' and never came back.
Chisato: ... Well, I suppose that's what would happen if they're talking to you.
Hina: That's what my sister said too. You know though, that kid said they didn't really get me, but I don't really get other people either.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Chisato: (Unable to understand others, while others are unable to understand you... That's what being a genius must be like.)
Maya: That's a pretty unique way to think about a meet-and-greet, but... I think it's great that you see it that way, Hina-san.
Eve: ... 'The one and only'... That sounds so cool!
Aya: I think so too! I could never think up the things you do, Hina-chan!
Hina: There isn't anyone~, not one person, out there who is like me~. That's what's so fascinating! Hmm~, yup! Other people are just so interesting~! I'm so glad we did a meet-and-greet!
Chisato: That's nice to hear.
Chisato: (No one to understand you... Unable to understand others... If it were me... how would I feel?)
Chisato: ...
