event34-04 Chapter 3: Meet-and-Greet ~Part One~

It's finally time for the meet-and-greet. What does Hina's fan say to her...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Dressing Room]

Hina: Meet and greet♪ Meet and greet♪
Eve: Hina-san, you seem even more boppin' than usual!
Hina: That's because I am~! Think about all the people we get to meet! I'm so excited~!
Staff: Girls, the event is about to begin. Get ready, please!
All: Okay!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Hall]

[Meet-and-Greet]

Hina: Whoa~! So you're from Hokkaido~! That's super duper far~! Why'd you come all the way here?
Fan: What do you mean 'why'? To meet you, Hina-chan~!
Hina: But why'd you wanna meet me? Do you like me that much?
Fan: Ahaha, you're so weird, Hina-chan~! Of course I like you! Keep up the good work!
Hina: Hey, hey! Why are you a fan of mine?
Fan: Huh?! U-uhm... I guess because you're so energetic, and a little strange... Plus you can do everything...?
Hina: Strange? Me? What's so strange about me?
Staff: H-Hina-san! I'm sorry, we have to keep the line moving...
Hina: What~?! Wait, can you tell me what you mean by 'strange'?! ... I guess not. I wonder what they meant.
Hina: Hey, the last fan just called me strange... Do you think that's true?
Fan: What?! Uhm... Yeah, maybe...
Hina: So you think so too, huh? What about me makes you say that? To me, hearing someone say that is even stranger~.
(Black cut)
Staff: And that concludes the first half of the meet-and-greet! Please make sure you have all your belongings, and exit through the door on the far side!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Intermission]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Phew... I was so nervous~!
Maya: M-me too!
Eve: But this is so much fun! I've gotten to talk about bushido with so many fans!
Chisato: Hina-chan, what did you think of your first meet-and-greet?
Hina: It was super interesting! But I still don't get why everyone likes me so much~.
Hina: When I asked, they all said it was because I'm 'strange' or that I'm being 'weird'. That's the same thing the kid at the Astronomy Club meeting said.
Chisato: I see. That probably means people are captivated by your personality, and see it as part of your charm. I'd take it as a compliment.
Hina: I'll go with that, I guess~. Especially since they're all saying it... It's just really confusing to me that they'd all say the same thing~.
Chisato: Fufu. Well, that's just how meet-and-greets are. Now, let's enjoy the second half.
Hina: Oh, don't worry, I plan on it! Getting to meet and talk to people who aren't me is so fun!
Aya: We took all of that time to practice, and I didn't make good use of any of it~... Eve-chan, Maya-chan, I'm so sorry.
Eve: Please don't apologize! I'm certain that all of our fans understand that you're doing your very best!
Maya: It's not like I'm much better... I couldn't say what I wanted to at all...
Hina: Wow, really? Wouldn't it be better if you just stop thinking about it and just say what comes to mind?
Aya: Sigh... I know you're a special case, Hina-chan, but I still can't help but be jealous...
Hina: Ahaha! Welp, time to make sure this second half is as boppin' as the first~♪
