event34-03 Chapter 2: Let the Release Event Begin!

It's the day of the release event, and the unique appeal for each Pastel＊Palettes' member is on display for the world to see on a talk show.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day of the Event]

[Event Hall]

Aya: Hello everyone, and thank you all for coming to Pastel＊Palettes' release event!
MC: Today I'd like to ask you all about your new single, as well as a little about yourselves and your band.
All: Thank you so much for having us!
MC: This is your first time doing an event like this, correct? How does it feel?
Chisato: We've never been able to talk with our fans on such a personal level, so I'm very excited♪
Maya: I-I'm super nervous...!
Aya: M-me thoo! ... Oh... Oops...
Eve: Will you be okay, Aya-san? Make sure to relax and breath!
Hina: Ahaha! That's Aya-chan for you~!
Aya: H-Hina-chan~!
MC: You all have different backgrounds... Maruyama-san was an idol in training, Shirasagi-san is an actress, Wakamiya-san has experience as a model, and Yamato-san's a session musician...
MC: Hikawa-san, it seems you weren't originally planning to become a professional. Is that correct?
Hina: Yup! That's right~. I started playing guitar after seeing my sister play...
Hina: Then I auditioned for Pastel＊Palettes  because it seemed interesting. I passed, which is how I joined the band!
Eve: Hina-san is amazing! She can master anything super fast!
Hina: Ehehe~. Well, that's true! That's why when I first met Aya-chan, I didn't understand why she couldn't do anything, even with all that practice! Actually, I still don't get it!
MC: O-ohh...?! A bombshell admission from Hikawa-san?!
Fan: Wow, Hina-chan is more of a loose cannon than I thought... Is her agency really okay with her saying that?
Aya: H-Hina-chan~! Don't say stuff like that~!
Maya: Ahaha... We were all shocked by Hina-san's words and actions at first too, but now we can't imagine her any other way.
Aya: That's true. And since personal feelings and opinions of others don't affect her, we can always count on her to speak her mind.
Aya: There have also been times where we've had realizations because of what she said.
Chisato: That's right. Her words have even served as motivation for me.
Hina: Uhm~, but I think the reason I say a lot of things is because I don't understand other people's feelings. Kinda like the time when we upset Chisato-chan.
MC: I-It sounds like you might be even more unique than the fans imagined, Hikawa-san...!
Hina: Oh yeah! And while I still don't understand Aya-chan, Maya-chan taught me something really important. She taught me that there are things Aya-chan can't do because she's not me.
Hina: And after hearing that, I became so interested in others! People who aren't me are just full of things I don't understand!
Hina: Especially people like Aya-chan! That's what makes being in Pastel＊Palettes super fun!
Chisato: And that's why you were really looking forward to today, right? You get to meet a lot of other people.
Hina: Yeah, I'm pumped! At first, I didn't understand the point of having a meet-and-greet. I thought, "Why would anyone come to an event like this?"
Hina: Ah! You over there! Hey, why did you come today?
Fan: H-huh? U-uhm...
Aya: H-Hina-chan! You can ask that later at the meet-and-greet, not now~!
Hina: Aww, come on~! Why not~? It's fine~.
Maya: B-but we have to stick to the program!
MC: Yamato-san, I'll take care of sticking to the program.
Maya: Ah! I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to...
Eve: Maya-san, don't worry! It's okay!
Chisato: ... Well, I think this exchange has given everyone a glimpse into our group dynamic, wouldn't you say? What do you think, everyone?
Fan: Wow, this is so interesting!
Fan: They're all really cute~!
Chisato: Thank you, all♪
MC: Thank you, Shirasagi-san! Now that we know so much about Hikawa-san, I'd like to learn a little more about everyone else's background!
MC: Let's start with Maruyama-san. Could you tell us more about your days as an idol in training?
Aya: S-sure!! Uhm, I started training to become an idol in...
Hina: (Everyone's so invested in Aya-chan's story... How interesting~. I guess that means everyone wants to know about her.)
Hina: (I have so many questions for our fans... Oh~, I'm so excited! I can't wait for the meet-and-greet!)
