event34-05 Chapter 4: Meet-and-Greet ~Part Two~

Meet-and-greet, part two. After going to see how the other members are doing, Hina notices something...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Meet-and-Greet - Second Half]

[Event Hall]

Chisato: Hello. Thank you so much for your support♪ ... Oh, those earrings are so cute. Are those flowers?
Fan: Y-yes! The color and shape reminded me of you, so I decided to wear them here!
Chisato: I'm happy to hear you were thinking of me♪ I hope you'll continue to support us♪
Hina: Huh? My answers were really funny so you decided to come talk to me? Ahaha, what kind of reason is that~?!
Fan: But it's true! I just love how weird you are, Hina-chan~! Please don't ever change!
Hina: So I'm weird, huh? Fascinating!
Staff: Great work, Hina-san. It looks like things are starting to calm down, so we'll have you girls go on break in shifts. Take a breather.
Hina: Okay~!
Hina: ... Everyone who's come by sure is interesting though! I wonder why they all say the same thing.
Hina: How are the other girls talking to their fans? Let's take a peek~♪
(Black cut)
Fan: Aya-chan! I'm such a huge fan! I-I... U-uhm...
Aya: I-is everything alright?!
Fan: I-I'm sorry! I'm so nervous, I forgot what I was going to say!
Aya: Wh-what?! Oh no! I-is there anything I can do to help you remember?! Uhm... Let's see...
Hina: (Ahaha, those two are just like each other! It's as if Aya-chan's talking to herself!)
(Black cut)
Fan: I love you, Eve-chan! You're a real inspiration to us all!
Eve: What are you talking about?! It is I who loves you! I'm so lucky to have your support! Thank you!
Fan: Eek~! I'll always be there for you, Eve-chan!!
Hina: (Eve-chan is the same as always! But why does she love her fan? What makes them like each other?)
(Black cut)
Maya: Oh! That T-shirt is from the famous instrument company, right?! I'm a huge fan of theirs!
Maya: They're most famous for their guitars, but the real hidden gem is their audio cables... Especially when working with low pitches- Ah, sorry... I'm rambling, aren't I...? Huhehe...
(Black cut)
Hina: You can really see everyone's personalities come out during their meet-and-greets.
Hina: ...
Hina: (They're all so different, yet they're all having a lot of fun talking with their fans...)
Hina: Hmm~? What is this feeling?
Hina: ... I'm enjoying myself, but this is something else... Something weird.
Staff: Hina-san~! Are you ready to get back out there?
Hina: Yup! Coming~!
Hina: ... Well, whatever!
(Black cut)
Chisato: Hello♪ It's nice to meet you.
Fan: Hello~! I just met Hina-chan, and man, she sure is odd! Is it hard being in the same band as her?
Chisato: Hina-chan has a very unique way of expressing herself, but I think that uniqueness really give us the push we need♪
Fan: Yeah, I could see that! Hanging out with her every day must be a riot!
Chisato: ... I hope you'll think of me every once in a while too.
Fan: ...! I see what you're trying to do, Chisato-chan~.
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... Phew.
Chisato: (From here, it looks like Hina-chan is speaking with her fans professionally, but after what that last person said, I'm starting to get a little worried...)
Hina: Hmm... What could it be...?
