event17-01 Opening: An Essential Casting

Tsugumi is swamped in Culture Festival documents. In the mountain of papers, she finds one from the theater club...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kaoru: Indeed, that is correct. Basically, it's... You know. Marvelous. I'm counting on you, my Juliet.
Kaoru: Fufu... This year's Culture Festival... should be entertaining.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Student Council]

Tsugumi: Uhh, so the sophomores in class A will host a café... Class B will be running a fortune-telling booth...
Council Member A: Hazawa-san~! We have more documents! Look through these too, please~!
Tsugumi: What?! This many...?!
Council Member A: Sorry. The other student council members are all running around taking care of other Culture Festival things. Doesn't seem like they can help.
Tsugumi: Yeah. The festival is only a month away, after all. Okay, leave it to me! I'll take care of it!
Council Member A: Thanks! I'll help where I can too! I'll go turn in these forms! ... Oh yeah, about those documents... If you could finish them by today, that'd be great!
Tsugumi: Huh?! Today?! ... Sigh...
Tsugumi: I guess I have no choice. I'll take care of whatever needs to be done...!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: ... Phew... Still about half left...
Himari: Tsugu~, still here~?
Tsugumi: Ah, Himari-chan!
Himari: My club just finished meeting, so I thought I'd stop by. Let's walk home together!
Tsugumi: Sorry... I don't think I'll be able to...
Himari: Whoa!! This mountain of papers is insane...!
Tsugumi: These are the forms for activities that will use classroom displays and gym space during the Culture Festival. I have to look over all of them by today...
Himari: What?! All of these?! Would you like a hand?
Tsugumi: Really? Okay, sure! I'll show you what you need to do...!
(Black cut)
Himari: Hmhmhmm~. A lot of cafés this year~.
Tsugumi: Yeah. Lisa-senpai's class is planning one... Ah, and Ran-chan's class, too.
Himari: First year, class A. Maid café...?!
Tsugumi: I wonder if Ran-chan will wear the outfit for that...
Himari: Fufu, going through all these documents is a lot of work, but it's kinda fun seeing what everyone is gonna be doing ahead of time♪
Tsugumi: That's true. And thanks to you, I was able to get through so many~. Thank you! ... Ah, there's something from the theater club as well. Look.
Himari: Wahhh, they're gonna be doing Romeo and Juliet this year...! I know Kaoru-senpai will definitely be playing Romeo~.
Tsugumi: The theater club performance always creates a lot of excitement. This year looks to be even better!
Himari: I wonder if I can go... Maybe I'll ask my class if we can change the schedule for shifts.
Tsugumi: Mhm, I think you can do that. I'm looking forward to it too... Huh?
Himari: Hm~, what's up?
Tsugumi: Starring Kaoru Seta as Romeo, and... Chisato Shirasagi as Juliet...?!
Himari: I knew it. So Kaoru-senpai is playing Romeo~... Wait, what~?!
Tsugumi: Chisato-san goes to Hanasakigawa, right?
Himari: What does this mean...?
Tsugumi: A guest appearance... I guess? I'll go ask about it tomorrow... For now, we have to take care of these forms.
Himari: Mhm, yeah.
