event17-06 Chapter 5: Unexpected Improv

It's the day of the show. Chisato and Kaoru put on a charming rendition of Romeo and Juliet that only they could make possible.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Day Of The Performance]

Council Member A: Ah, thank goodness! Hazawa-san, help me with the lines, please!
Tsugumi: O-okay!
Council Member A: There are a lot more people than we expected. Try not to get caught up in the crowd!
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Wh-whoa... This is crazy...! If I'm not careful, I really will get dragged away by all these people...!
Tsugumi: A-alright... I just have to do my best! Everyone who wants to see Romeo and Juliet, please calmly stand in two lines and move into the theater!
Tsugumi: Calmly int- Whoa!
Audience Member A: Chisato Shirasagi is gonna be in it, right?! That's awesome!! Let us in already!!
Audience Member B: Her last performance was a hit too! We gotta hurry and get a good seat!
Tsugumi: Wah wah, I'm getting moved by the crowd...! Stand firm, Tsugumi! Stand firm...!
Tsugumi: N-no pushing~! No pushing, please!! Wh-whoa~!!
Tsugumi: Ch-Chisato-san, Seta-senpai, Maya-senpai... Good luck~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: ...
Maya: Chisato-san! Kaoru-san!
Chisato: Maya-chan, is everything okay?
Maya: I just wanted to wish you guys luck before the show... Am I in the way?
Chisato: Not at all. Thank you. Unlike Aya-chan, the real show is when I shine.
Maya: Ahaha... Chisato-san, break a leg. I'll be supporting you from backstage.
Chisato: Okay, thank you.
Theater Student A: Curtains are about to rise! Everyone, get ready!
Kaoru: Now, let us go, Juliet.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Theater Student A: And now, a special performance from the theater club. Presenting, Romeo and Juliet...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Juliet (Chisato): O Romeo, Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo?
Romeo (Kaoru): Juliet! Over here!
Juliet (Chisato): Romeo! How camest thou hither and wherefore? The walls are high and hard to climb, and if any of my kinsmen find thee here...!
Romeo (Kaoru): With love's light wings did I o'erperch these walls, for they cannot hold love out.
Juliet (Chisato): Romeo... 'tis but thy name that is my enemy. Thou art thyself though, not a Montague.
Juliet (Chisato): ... What’s in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Romeo (Kaoru): ... Indeed. A name hath not meaning. I am I, and thou art thou.
Juliet (Chisato): ...! Romeo...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: Chisato-san, Kaoru-san... That's quite the applause!
Kaoru: Indeed... How marvelous.
Chisato: It doesn't end.
Student A: Kaoru-san, Chisato-san! Curtain call time! Doesn't seem like they're ever going to stop cheering! This is amazing!
Kaoru: We'll be there. Come, Chisato. The voice of the audience awaits.
Chisato: Yes, of course.
