event17-05 Chapter 4: As You Are

Kaoru and Chisato interact as longtime friends. Will they finally be able to perform in harmony...?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

Kaoru: Chisato, what are these mysterious words you speak? I am I.
Chisato: Really? At the very least, the you I knew five years ago is nothing like the present you...
Chisato: The you at that time... She was afraid of ghosts... and was at least 20 centimeters shorter...
Kaoru: Wh-...?!
Chisato: You would jump at even the slightest sound and hide behind me. Not to mention-
Kaoru: Wh-what exactly are you talking about, Chisato?! Th-that... Did that stuff really happen...? I don't recall...
Chisato: Ohh, so you don't remember? Tell me, do you remember calling me "Chii-chan"? Well... do you, Kao-chan?
Kaoru: ...!!
Kaoru: F-fufu... It's been... quite some time... since anyone has called me that...
Chisato: ...?
Kaoru: ... That nickname... It's quite embarrassing, so please... S-stop...
Chisato: ... Fufu, ahahaha! Wow, how long has it been since I've seen you make that face? Fufufu. Kaoru, you're much cuter this way♪
Kaoru: Th-that's not funny...
Chisato: Fufu. But I thought you were you, regardless of your name.
Kaoru: Ch-chii-chan...!
Chisato: Fufu♪ A little too far? Alright, why don't we get back to rehearsal...?
Kaoru: Ungh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

Chisato: Wilt thou be gone? It is not yet near day. It was the nightingale, and not the lark that pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear.
Kaoru: Juliet... It was the lark, the herald of the morn. Look, love. Yonder east...
Chisato: It is, it is... It is the lark that sings so out of tune. That voice doth us affray. More light and light it grows...
Kaoru: More light and light; more dark and dark our woes...
Student A: Wow... Every day they become more and more in tune with each other.
Student B: Yeah... It's like they're princess and prince. It's amazing~...
(Black cut)
Maya: Chisato-san, great job!
Chisato: Thank you.
Maya: It seems like you've been really getting into a groove lately. Not only are you in Kaoru more in sync, but you seem a lot more comfortable in the role!
Maya: Do you feel like you've gotten closer to becoming Juliet?
Chisato: Yeah, maybe.
Maya: Hey, that's great! By the way, what exactly happened to help you feel that way?
Chisato: What happened...?
Kaoru: Hey~, Chii-cha- Chisato!
Chisato: Kaoru, nice job today.
Kaoru: Your acting has been magnificent as of late. Brilliant, Chisato.
Chisato: Thank you.
Maya: You think so too, huh?! Yeah, your Juliet is amazing, Chisato-san...
Chisato: Maya-chan, it's not as good as you think. There's still a lot of things I have to do before the actual performance.
Maya: So you're going to become an even better Juliet, then? I can't want to see it...!
Kaoru: As I expected, our lifelong bond as friends has contributed to our harmonization. Fufu, can it be? Am I the one... to be thanked for your improved state, Chisato?
Chisato: Yes, that's right.
Kaoru: Why, thank you...
Kaoru: ... Ah-ahem! Now then, I believe I will do some solo practice! I bid you farewell... A-adieu!
Maya: Adieu...? Kaoru-san's being kinda weird, isn't she?
Chisato: Really? I think that was just like Kaoru.
Maya: You think so...? By the way, was that true? Is it really thanks to her that you're able to play Juliet the way you are now?
Chisato: ... When I'm with her, I become a Chisato that's different than when I'm with Pastel＊Palettes. Maybe it's the simplest form of myself...
Chisato: All of the pressure of people watching me... The expectations of being Chisato Shirasagi... It's when I'm with her that I can forget these things the most.
Chisato: ... And I'm sure Juliet can forget all about her family name and position when she's with Romeo.
Maya: I see! And so you were able to get closer to understanding Juliet, right?
Chisato: Exactly. I definitely wouldn't want to tell her this, but from a certain perspective, she could be considered my Romeo.
Chisato: Just so you know, I'm not saying that the Pastel＊Palettes Chisato is a fake or anything like that.
Maya: Of course not, I know!
Maya: Is it possible, then, that the same is true for Kaoru-san? That she's not always like this prince-like person or whatever...?
Chisato: Hmm. In a way, we might both be at our simplest forms when we're together.
Maya: The simplest form of Kaoru-san... I wonder what that's like.
Chisato: You might be able to see it one day... Okay, I'm going to do some solo practice as well.
Maya: Alright! I sure can't wait for the show...
