event17-03 Chapter 2: Taking On One's Role

Chisato agrees to make a guest appearance. It seems, at first glance, that she's already mastered the role of Juliet, but...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[A Few Days Later]

[Theater Club]

Chisato: Good morning. Is this where the theater club meets?
Theater Student A: Whoa~, it's actually Chisato Shirasagi~...!
Theater Student B: She's so pretty in person... Man, we just can't compare to real entertainers.
Maya: Chisato-san! Thanks for coming!
Chisato: It's no problem. I can relax now that you're here. Hello everyone, it's nice to meet you all.
Theater Student A: It feels like we could get along with her just like any other student, even though she's a celebrity!
Theater Student B: Yeah! She's just as lovely in person!
Kaoru: Chisato! So you came, my Juliet!
Chisato: ... Hey.
Chisato: I still don't know anything besides the fact that I'm performing, so could you fill me in on the details, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Yes, of course. Please, this way.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Fufu... Chisato, I was certain you wouldn't come considering the number of times you refused. Yet, you planned to participate from the very beginning, didn't you? How coy.
Chisato: Yes, I did turn you down. But Haneoka's principal and the theater club members kept coming to convince me to do it, and I could see how passionate they were, so I agreed.
Kaoru: As expected, considering you are a professional actress. You are truly fleeting, and to that I say... cheers.
Chisato: Maya-chan, do you think you could tell me everything you already know about the show?
Maya: Okay!
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... I see. So it's an anniversary performance. I'll do my best to help it live up to the occasion.
Maya: Yeah, let's both do everything we can! I'm doing the lighting, so I'll be supporting you two from behind the scenes!
Theater Student A: Excuse me! Sorry this is so sudden, but we're going to do a read-through of the script. Do you mind joining us?
Chisato: Of course not. I'll join.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: By this blessed moon I swear...
Chisato: Swear not by the moon, that monthly changes in her circled orb, lest that thy love prove likewise variable.
Kaoru: Then... What shall I swear by?
Theater Student B: Wow, amazing...! They're so picturesque.
Theater Student C: Yeah... I can't stop staring...
Kaoru: I would... I would I were thy bird.
(Black cut)
Maya: Good work, you guys!
Kaoru & Chisato: You too.
Maya: That was wonderful! It felt like you two were ready to perform already!
Kaoru: Much appreciated. However, that is Chisato for you. To think you'd attain that level of readiness regardless of having just received the script.
Chisato: Thank you. But that was nothing but reading words off of a paper. If I truly want to be ready, I need to really understand who Juliet is.
Kaoru: And I'll be anticipating that day, my Juliet. Now, I have some solo practice to attend to.
Maya: Wow, Kaoru-san is really amazing, isn't she? Despite how she normally is, you know... Once the play starts, it's kind of like flipping a switch.
Chisato: She's a natural. Whatever the role is, even without reading the script, she can jump into character right away.
Maya: Interesting~... Jump into character, huh?
Chisato: I'm the exact opposite. I slowly adapt to the role by reading every document and understanding the character all the way to their core... And I think I need more time to understand Juliet.
Chisato: You heard what she said, right? That I seem ready to perform as Juliet despite having just received the script?
Maya: Yeah, I did. I agree with her!
Chisato: The truth is I heard what you guys had planned from Kaoru, so before I came here today, I read and watched every Romeo and Juliet piece I could find.
Maya: You did...?!
Chisato: That's right. So I think, at least to some degree, I was able to perform. But I couldn't call that anything more than second-rate acting... At least not in my opinion.
Chisato: I have to get a firm grasp of who Juliet really is, establish an image of her character...
Maya: Keep working at it! You're Chisato-san, I'm sure you can do it!
Chisato: Because I'm Chisato...?
Maya: Ah... We're not supposed to say that. That's right. I'm sorry...
Chisato: No, that's okay. Thank you, Maya-chan.
Chisato: Because I'm me... Yeah. I'll show you a great Juliet. I can't just let Kaoru upstage me.
Maya: I'll be cheering you on. Also... I'm glad that you felt like you could tell me about this kind of thing.
Chisato: What's "this kind of thing"?
Maya: Uhh, you know... Like how much effort you're putting towards your acting and how you're thinking about the role... Stuff like that!
Maya: Remember, you said effort is an obvious and basic part of your job. That there's no reason to make a big deal out of it.
Chisato: Yeah, I still think that.
Maya: For the longest time, you didn't let anyone see you putting forth that effort. So I had only seen your completed work. And up until now, I knew nothing about how much you push yourself.
Maya: Even when it came to band rehearsal, you were always able to play at a certain level because you practiced on your own.
Maya: But having watched you at your last performance, seeing how much you think about your role, and hearing how much effort you put in beforehand... Now I understand just how hard you work.
Maya: ... I finally know just how much you push yourself. Huhehe, and that's why I'm happy.
Chisato: Maya-chan... Fufu, maybe I've become a bit soft.
Maya: Huhehe, well I'm a big fan of the new Chisato-san.
Chisato: Thank you... But please, stop with the "huhehe"...
Maya: Ehehe, sorry.
