event17-04 Chapter 3: Can't You Be Carefree...?

Sensing a lack of motivation, Kaoru gives Chisato advice. However, Chisato shares a few words of her own in return.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[A Few Days Later]

[Theater Club]

Theater Student A: Alright, we'll pause here! Let's take a 15-minute break.
Kaoru & Chisato: Great job, everyone.
Chisato: ... Sigh.
Kaoru: Fantastic work, but what's with the sullen expression? That face doesn't quite suit you.
Chisato: Kaoru... Do you like Romeo and Juliet...?
Kaoru: I surely do. Two lovers who stick to their true feelings until the very end... While it is a tragedy, it is also the pinnacle of romance, is it not?
Chisato: I can't bring myself to like this story. I've never been able to. Sure they were young, but Romeo and Juliet were also extremely selfish.
Kaoru: ... Please, share with me. Tell me about the Romeo and Juliet that resides within your heart.
Chisato: The Capulets and the Montagues... Despite being a part of these feuding families, the two fall in love and get married a few days after meeting each other, overlooking the lack of approval around them.
Chisato: As a result, the bad blood gets worse, and more of it is spilled... On top of losing his best friend, Romeo goes on to kill Juliet's nephew, Tybalt.
Chisato: And in the end, those two...
Kaoru: ...
Chisato: Devoting oneself to love may be wonderful sometimes. But it seems to me that they became blind to the things around them. To call that a "tragic love story"... That's undue glorification.
Chisato: Not to mention, the more I come to know Juliet, the less I feel like we're alike. In fact, we're the exact opposite.
Kaoru: Could you elaborate?
Chisato: I'm a member of Pastel＊Palettes. I understand my place and my role as part of the band, and I behave accordingly.
Chisato: ... Juliet does not do this. Her behavior is bounded by nothing, and I find that hard to understand.
Theater Student A: Kaoru-san and Chisato-san were amazing once again! That's a child actress for ya! I knew Chisato would be awesome!
Theater Student B: Mhm! She's great! Her acting is so high quality! Perfect, really! At least it feels that way.
Chisato: ...
Chisato: What’s in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Kaoru: That'd be... Juliet's line during her romantic rendezvous with Romeo.
Chisato: The rose... If it wasn't called a rose, I am certain we would perceive its smell differently... That's what I believe.
Chisato: You heard what those girls said, right? They're watching me with a specific standard in mind, and that standard is based on the person they know as "Chisato Shirasagi."
Kaoru: Chisato...
Chisato: Even the posters for the show said "Chisato Shirasagi as Juliet," right? ... That's the power of a name. And I live carrying that name on my shoulders.
Chisato: ... Fufu, I wonder why I'm telling you this. There's nothing we can do about it either way.
Kaoru: Regardless of our names, I am I, and you are you. Who we are on the inside is unchanging, correct?
Kaoru: What the people around us perceive is irrelevant! If you were more carefree in your performance, I presume you'd be better off... If you resembled Juliet more, innocent and naive.
Chisato: Carefree...?
Kaoru: Currently, you are playing the part of Chisato Shirasagi who is playing the part of Juliet... Isn't it possible you're straining yourself just a tad?
Kaoru: Now! How about a change of pace? Would you join me for a date? I'll happily be your escort, Juliet.
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Fufu, I'll convey this message to the other members: My princess requires rest.
Kaoru: Now, take my hand. Let's depart.
Chisato: ... Kaoru. Aren't you the one who's acting? Playing the part of "Kaoru Seta"...?
Kaoru: Chisato...? Fufu, whatever do you mean...?
Chisato: The person standing in front of me is not the Kaoru Seta I know.
Kaoru: ... Huh?
