event17-02 Chapter 1: Puzzled Little Kitten

Tsugumi goes to confirm what she read with Kaoru. It seems like Kaoru really did reach out to Chisato, but...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hall]

Tsugumi: Uhh, I wonder if I'll find Seta-senpai if I go to the theater club now.
Kaoru: Ahh, fleeting... So fleeting...
Tsugumi: Ah, there she is! Seta-senpai~!
Kaoru: Fleeting... So fleeti- Hm? If it isn't Tsugumi-chan. Is something the matter? Or... can it be? Is it me you've come to see?
Tsugumi: Y-yes! I did! Well, actually...
Kaoru: Fufu... A little kitten that doesn't hide her feelings.  How charming.
Tsugumi: L-little kitten?! Uhm... I have a question regarding the performance the theater club is planning for the Culture Festival...
Kaoru: Oh? And what would that be? I'm all ears. Inquire about whatever your heart desires.
Tsugumi: Yesterday, I was looking over the form that the theater club turned in, and... it said that Chisato-san would be playing Juliet. I wanted to ask if that was really the case...
Kaoru: Indeed, that is the truth. Chisato will surely be playing Juliet.
Tsugumi: S-so she is...! Have you gotten permission from the principal yet?
Kaoru: Not quite.
Tsugumi: Huh~?! Th-the festival is in less than a month! Is that enough time?!
Kaoru: Don't fret. The great bard says, "To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first." So basically... You know...
Tsugumi: I-I know what...? Wahhh, what do I do...?! I can't have a proper conversation with Seta-senpai on my own~!
Maya: Hm? Oh, it's Hazawa-san~. What are you and Kaoru-san doing?
Tsugumi: Ahh, Maya-senpai~! Thank goodness...
Maya: What's wrong? It looks like you're ready to cry...
(Black cut)
Maya: I see~, so you were talking about the Culture Festival!
Tsugumi: Yeah. I saw Chisato-san's name written on the form, so I came to ask Seta-senpai if that was right, but...
Tsugumi: H-her... world is a bit over my head...
Kaoru: Fufu... It seems I've puzzled yet another innocent little kitten. Please accept my apology, Tsugumi-chan.
Maya: Ahaha, Kaoru-san is certainly an interesting character. Why don't I explain everything for you?
Maya: This year will be the tenth year since the theater club was established. To celebrate, we were hoping to do something special...
Maya: That's when we thought, what if we have a guest performer?! Just having one new member join could be a huge motivator for everyone else.
Kaoru: That's when I made the proposal... "How about Chisato?" It was the perfect suggestion in my mind.
Kaoru: She and I have been friends for quite some time. Certainly, the synergy between us two in a performance would be immaculate.
Maya: We thought, with a guest, especially that guest being Chisato-san, morale would be very high, and we'd be able to put on a quality show.
Maya: ... And that is how the theater club came up with that idea. It wasn't just Kaoru-san acting on her own.
Tsugumi: Okay, I see now. Ahh, but that doesn't change the fact that there's not a lot of time left! Not only do we need the principal's permission, but...
Tsugumi: If Chisato-san is coming, we'll need to increase the number of staff in the gym area during the festival...!
Maya: We should have talked to the student council first since we were planning something out of the ordinary... Sorry! We'll try to keep from troubling you guys too much.
Tsugumi: That's okay! It's your club's anniversary, and you guys always draw a crowd! And it's our job as the student council to give you the support you need!
Kaoru: Tsugumi-chan... How admirable, such courage...! Ahh, so fleeting...!
Tsugumi: A-anyway! I'll share this information with the student council! We'll help you however we can!
Maya: Okay! Thanks a lot!
Tsugumi: Alright, I'll go talk to them about it now!
Maya: Kaoru-san... Hazawa-san is, as you might say, wonderful, for she is so hard working. We're gonna have to do the same!
Kaoru: Mhm, indeed. And I wouldn't want to do anything to break a little kitten's heart. I will give Chisato another call.
Maya: Huh? Don't tell me... You haven't gotten her to agree yet...?
Kaoru: I have not. My lord, that stubbornness will be the end of me.
Maya: A-are we actually going to be okay...?
