event255-02 Chapter 1: Hagumi's Sketchbook

The band members notice Charlotte's intentions. Hagumi seems to have an idea...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Luxury Hotel - Suite]

Charlotte: ... Why are you all here?
Kokoro: Why? We came here to talk with Charley!
Charlotte: No, I'm just saying... I've declared I'm here for revenge this whole time, how dare you show your faces in front of me?
Kokoro: Because if we don't show up, we can't talk to you, right?
Charlotte: Like I said...!
Misaki: (Their conversation doesn't mesh from the start...)
Misaki: (Kanon-san and Kaoru-san can't come today because they have something to do... I wonder if I can manage this on my own.)
Misaki: (No, I have to do something! I don't know what's going on at all yet, and first of all...)
Misaki: You know, Misono-san, we're here...
Kokoro: We're here to ask you to stop taking revenge, Charley!
Misaki: ... What?
Kokoro: That's because you don't look happy at all while you're taking revenge.
Kokoro: You look like when you just drink your coffee without sugar.
Kokoro: So stop with your revenge and do something fun! Then I'm sure you'll be the smiling Charley as always!
Charlotte: Huh ...?
Hagumi: And so you can leave it to me from here!
Hagumi: In this sketchbook, I've drawn a lot of things that can make you smile!
Kokoro: Great, Hagumi! You're a genius at making people happy!
Misaki: No, wait a minute...
Hagumi: Then, I'm going to announce my big operation to make Chari-rin smile!
Hagumi: First of all~...Tada! Let's all go to Smile Amusement Park!
Hagumi: We'll ride the roller coaster and the Ferris wheel together! On our way home, we'll stop by my house and eat croquettes!
Charlotte: ...
Hagumi: One more thing~, how about going to a festival together?
Hagumi: Let's all watch the portable shrine parade, and go around a variety of food stalls~ On our way home, let's stop by my house and eat croquettes!
Charlotte: Why do we always have to end with croquettes?
Hagumi: Because our croquettes are a must to make you smile!
Kokoro: What do you think? Isn't it a perfect plan?
Charlotte: You guys came all the way here just to say that!?
Misaki: Wah! Wait a minute! Let's just ignore all that for a bit!
Kokoro & Hagumi: Why ignore it?
Misaki: Just shut up, you guys!
Misaki: Oh, um.., I've known you're mad at Kokoro, but...
Misaki: I just don't know why... Can you tell me about that?
Misaki: If we get to know the reason, I think there's something Kokoro can do, like apologizing or something...
Charlotte: ...Kokoro Tsurumaki. I wonder if you have any idea why?
Kokoro: Hmmm... I don't!
Kokoro: I have nothing but happy memories with Charley!
Charlotte: ...Then I have nothing to tell you guys!
Charlotte: Okusawa-san and Kitazawa-san, too, how can you keep company with such an insensitive person?
Charlotte: She's selfish and does whatever she wants, and doesn't care about others' feelings... She's the worst!
Kokoro & Hagumi: !!!
Misaki: ... Wait a minute, isn't that a bit harsh?
Misaki: Even though Kokoro is... well, her way of doing so is messed up all right, but she came here because she wanted to make up with you, Misono-san.
Misaki: But if you're talking about her like that, then even I...!
Charlotte: That's enough! I don't want to hear your sermon!
Charlotte: Everyone, our guests are leaving. Please escort them politely to the hotel entrance.
Misono's Butler: Yes, Miss. The exit is this way, ladies.
Misaki: W-Wait a minute...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Grand Stairs]

Hagumi: ...We were turned back.
Hagumi: I thought Operation Smile was going to work-- ...
Misaki: It's impossible for you to make an angry person smile all of a sudden...
Hagumi: I thought if we did something fun together, it might make the feelings bothering her go away...
Hagumi: When things got awkward with my friends I've made up with my friends in that way. ...
Hagumi: Sorry, I acted weird...
Misaki: No, I'm sorry too... I was upset with the words Misono-san said and so I ended up...
Hagumi: Mii-kun was cool. You got mad at her because she said bad things about Kokoron, right?
Misaki: Oh, no, that's...
Kokoro: ...
Misaki: ? Kokoro?
Misaki: What's wrong? It's rare to see you being so quiet...?
Kokoro: I'm remembering my memories with Charley.
Misaki: You're remembering...?
Kokoro: I must have forgotten something important.
Kokoro: I think that's why Charley can't smile, and has no choice but to take revenge.
Misaki: That's ...
Kokoro: So I have to remember properly.
Kokoro: Because of me, she's not smiling anymore.
Misaki & Hagumi: ...
Misaki: Kokoro...
