event255-05 Chapter 4: What A Waste

Misaki has made up her mind and tries to talk to Charlotte, but…

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Luxury Hotel - Lobby]

Hagumi: Can we meet Chari-rin...?
Misaki: We can't do anything without meeting her, so first we have to meet her no matter what.
Hagumi: Yeah. I wonder if Kokoron is okay. ...?
Misaki: Uh--, she said she's still trying to remember what happened with Misono-san in the past.
Misaki: It's not like her, but while she usually acts before she thinks, I think it's okay to have her think beforehand this time.
Misaki: Anyway, the question is whether or not Misono-san will meet with us.
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai also said she was told there was nothing to talk about...
Misaki: Even if we go to visit her normally, we'd probably be turned away by her attendant...
Hagumi: Oh, how about this then?
Hagumi: We can jump over the attendant and enter the room.
Hagumi: I'm good at jumping, so I think I can do it!
Misaki: Don't just say inhuman things like that nonchalantly...
Misaki: I mean, only Hagumi can do that!
Hagumi: Don't worry! If you have the spirit and guts, you can do it too, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Even if you could do it, you'd be trespassing, so we'll have to find some other way...
Hagumi: ! Mii-kun, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Eh? What?
Hagumi: Chari-rin came out of the elevator!
Misaki: Oh, really...!
Misaki: Um, Misono-san!
Charlotte: Huh? Is it you guys again?
Charlotte: No matter how many times you come here. I'm not going to stop taking revenge.
Misaki: Ah--, that's not why we're here today...
Charlotte: ? What is it?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Luxury Hotel - Suite]

Hagumi: Thank you for letting us in your room!
Charlotte: I just didn't want to stand around and talk. So, what's the story here?
Misaki: Well, we wanted to talk to you about school.
Charlotte: About school?
Misaki: We want Misono-san to come to school.
Charlotte: ... Didn't you hear from Matsubara-san?
Charlotte: I only came to school as an exchange student to find out what Kokoro Tsurumaki was up to.
Charlotte: Now that that has been accomplished, there's no reason to go to school!
Misaki: Yes, I heard that...
Misaki: As a rich young lady, maybe it doesn't really matter whether or not you go to school.
Misaki: If it's for the sake of taking revenge on Kokoro, maybe it's not what you need.
Misaki: But as far as I'm concerned... I want you to enjoy our school more.
Charlotte: ... Oh, Okusawa-san is the Student Council President.
Charlotte: So it would be a problem if an exchange student didn't come to school?
Charlotte: Then, don't worry. I'm reaching out to the school to make sure there won't be any problems from the Misono family.
Misaki: Oh, it's not like that, either.
Misaki: I'm not doing this because I'm the Student Council President, or because the school asked me to take care of Misono-san, or anything like that.
Misaki: It's just my own feelings that I want you to do it.
Charlotte: ... I'm afraid I don't understand.
Charlotte: It doesn't matter to you whether I go to school or not, right?
Misaki: ... because it's a waste.
Misaki: You came all the way from France to Japan...and now you're in our Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy.
Misaki: If you continue to spend all your time taking revenge on Kokoro, that's all you'll remember of Hanasakigawa, isn't it?
Misaki: I don't like the idea of ​​revenge being the only thing Misono-san remembers.
Charlotte: ...
Misaki: That said, if you ask me whether there is anything special about Hanasakigawa, there's nothing special about it...
Misaki: Though, I think having nothing special is special in itself.
Misaki: Everyday passes by without incident and in a normal way... I think a moderately normal school life isn't so bad.
Charlotte: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kokoro: I love smiles!
Kokoro: My dream is to make the whole world full of smiles!
Kokoro: Of course that's obvious! Let's all have fun together!
Kokoro: With everyone happy and full of smiles... Wouldn't it be a really wonderful world?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Charlotte: ... You're just like her.
Misaki: Eh?
Charlotte: No, it's nothing. I'm talking to myself.
Charlotte: As for school... Okay. I'll at least show up at school.
Misaki: R-really?
Charlotte: But if I do go to school, don't you dare barge into my classroom!
Hagumi: Good for you, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Yeah. Thank you, Misono-san.
Charlotte: I just thought it was better than having you barge into my hotel room over and over again.
