event255-07 Ending: Because I Believed in You

Kokoro and Charlotte. Precious memories from their childhood are soaked in the rain...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Charlotte: It was about a year after I met Kokoro.
Charlotte: I had to go to France because of my parents' work.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Charlotte: Ugh, no, I can't. I don't want to be separated from Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Don't cry, Charley! Smile, smile!
Kokoro: I'll make lots of smiles in Japan, and I want you to make lots of smiles in France!
Kokoro: Then some day, both Japanese and French smiles will be connected!
Charlotte: ... Yeah, I'll try my best. I'll make lots of smiles in France...
Charlotte: My promise with Kokoro ... I decided to do my best to make the world smile too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Charlotte: But... my activities were not accepted in France.
Charlotte: Hey, listen! I've brought something that will make everyone smile!
Classmate A: Wow, it's Charlotte-chan... What should we do, should we go and see her?
Classmate B: Let's not do that. She's always doing weird things, saying she'll make smiles.
Classmate C: She's like, in "a different world" at school or something...
Charlotte: The more I tried to make them smile, the more they moved away from me.
Charlotte: I didn't know how to make them smile.
Charlotte: So I wrote a letter to Kokoro.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Charlotte: "I'm in pain because I can't make everyone smile."
Charlotte: "How can I make everyone smile like you do?"
Charlotte: ... I believed in her.
Charlotte: I thought that Kokoro, who believed in smiling as much as I did, would help me.
Charlotte: But it didn't work out that way.
Kokoro: "If Charley keeps smiling, they will smile too!"
Charlotte: Your letter didn't mention anything about what I was going through.
Charlotte: I thought to myself then,
Charlotte: I shouldn't have done these smiling activities. If I hadn't done it, I wouldn't have been alone.
Charlotte: I was left alone because I believed in Kokoro...!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Misaki & Hagumi: ...
Kanon & Kaoru: ...
Kokoro: Charley...
Hagumi: And what happened thereafter...?
Charlotte: In the school in France, I was a freak!
Charlotte: Words spread to other schools, and I had nowhere to go.
Kanon: Maybe that's why Charlotte-chan kept your distance from school...
Charlotte: Yes, school was never a good memory for me. I hardly went to school in France either.
Misaki: ...
Charlotte: So when I saw you acting so carefree on stream, I couldn't help but be angry.
Charlotte: What the hell's with making the world smile!?
Charlotte: Because I believed in you, I have no more smiles in my daily life!
Charlotte: Kokoro Tsurumaki! I'll never forgive you for taking away my smile!
Kokoro: ...
