event255-01 Opening: I Won't Forgive You

The trouble is no coincidence. The Hello, Happy World! members are confused by Charlotte's confession, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Outside]

Kokoro: This way, Charley!
Charlotte: W-wait, Kokoro-chan!
Charlotte: Well, thank you for showing me all the different parts of your house... But it's about time we go back to Mom and Dad.
Kokoro: Oh, my! It's already gotten this dark without me noticing.
Kokoro: We took a big adventure in my house, and I wonder if it made you smile!
Charlotte: Make me smile?
Kokoro: I love smiles!
Kokoro: My dream is to flood the whole world with smiles!
Charlotte: The world? How are you going to do that...?
Kokoro: It's obvious! We're going to do something fun together!
Kokoro: With everyone happy and full of smiles... Wouldn't it be a really wonderful world?
Charlotte: Make the world smile...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Charlotte: The world...
Charlotte: What the hell's with making the world smile!?
(Background change)
Misaki: W-what's wrong, Misono-san?
Hagumi: Did we do something to make Chari-rin angry...?
Charlotte: You really are a bunch of naive girls, don't you get it yet?
Charlotte: The many troubles that hit you guys... How could something like that happen by accident?
Kanon: You mean it's not a coincidence...?
Kaoru: No, sometimes fate has a way of playing tricks on us that is beyond our imagination.
Kaoru: The other day I also found a four-leaf clover three times in one day...
Charlotte: Don't go off on unimportant stories!
Charlotte: It's not a coincidence! I-I was sabotaging you guys!
Kokoro & Hagumi: What!?
Charlotte: It's all because of Kokoro Tsurumaki... It's to get revenge on you!
Kokoro: Revenge on me......?
Kokoro: Revenge means to get back at me, right? Charley... I wonder if it's something that makes you smile, that you would work so hard for it?
Misaki: I don't think it's something to make you smile.
Charlotte: Ha! There you go again with your smiles!
Charlotte: Every time you open your mouth it's about smiles... I'm sick and tired of you!
Charlotte: It's a good opportunity to tell you something. My least favorite word is "smile"!
Charlotte: What's with making the world smile! I'm going to crush your band activities!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Weeks Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: It ended like that then...
Misaki: Misono-san, she's been a real handful since then...
Kokoro: Every time we play in a band, she has come for revenge!
Misaki: She has come for...You don't have to say that so cheerfully, do you?
Kanon: Charlotte-chan rented out CiRCLE for about a week so we couldn't do live shows...
Kaoru: It seems she booked several famous bands, and Marina-san was very happy, but...
Hagumi: So we had no choice but have a free live show in front of the station.
Hagumi: Then it was suddenly decided to have a street performance event in front of the station, and we couldn't do it either...
Misaki: That was also Misono-san's doing... she came all the way to the station just to tell us that the area in front of the station was no longer available...
Hagumi: Did we do something to make Chari-rin angry...?
Kaoru: It's a flame of vengeance like the Count of Monte Cristo.
Misaki: In the first place, what did you do, Kokoro? Misono-san named you as the target of her revenge specifically.
Kokoro: Hmmm... what could it be?
Kokoro: I think Charley and I have done nothing but fun.
Kanon: How is Charlotte-chan doing at school?
Misaki: Uh, well, she's been absent from school.
Misaki: She seems fine when she shows up in front of us, I don't think it's because she's sick.
Hagumi: Anyway, she needs to stop trying to take revenge.
Kokoro: Then let's go see Charley!
Hagumi: I agree! You've got to talk to her properly!
Kaoru: Yes, we need to start by sitting at the same table.
Misaki & Kanon: ...
Kanon: I-I wonder if it's going to be okay...?
Misaki: I honestly have a bad feeling about this...
