event255-04 Chapter 3: What I Can Do

I want to talk to Charlotte. Kanon's reserved words make Charlotte...

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Misono Family's Car - Inside The Car]

Charlotte: ...
Kanon: Um, it looks like Misaki-chan is nearby... If you could just drop me off there, I'll be fine.
Charlotte: I see. Then I'll take care of you up to there.
Charlotte: What on earth were you thinking, following me to a place you don't know when you have a poor sense of direction?
Kanon: I was so desperately searching for Charlotte-chan...
Kanon: I had to talk to you, no matter what...
Charlotte: Don't make me say the same thing over and over. I have nothing to talk about with you.
Kanon: ...
Kanon: Well, I heard you've been absent from school...
Charlotte: Yeah, of course. I no longer have any reason to go there.
Kanon: What do you mean?
Charlotte: The reason I came to Japan in the first place was to take revenge on Kokoro. I joined Hanasakigawa Girls Academy as an exchange student to find out what Kokoro was up to.
Charlotte: I have a better understanding of your band's inner workings and your weaknesses, and now that I've revealed my purpose, it doesn't make sense to continue as an exchange student.
Kanon: Won't your parents and teachers be worried...?
Charlotte: Humph, I could cover that up any way I want.
Charlotte: My parents tolerate what I do, and with the power of the Misono family, the school won't complain either.
Kanon: Oh, I see...
Kanon: But what about your friends...?
Kanon: You came to Japan and became friends with your classmates, right? I think they'd be worried if you suddenly stopped coming to school...?
Charlotte: ...
Charlotte: ... They're nothing more than casual acquaintances. I told you I came to Japan for revenge.
Charlotte: I didn't come here to make friends. Besides, I don't need friends.
Kanon: Charlotte-chan...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Misaki: ... You gave me a big surprise, Kanon-san.
Misaki: I didn't expect you to be rescued and brought here by Misono-san...
Kanon: Ah, hahaha...
Misaki: Well, but I can't believe she gave you a lift... Misono-san has a kind heart.
Misaki: Ever since she showed her true nature, she's been treating us with hostility... So that's a little unexpected.
Kanon: ...
Misaki: What's wrong, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Charlotte-chan, is she okay...?
Misaki: ? I don't think what she's doing is okay at all?
Kanon: Oh, umm, it's not about that...
Kanon: Charlotte-chan isn't even paying attention to her studies.
Misaki: Eh...?
Kanon: I don't know why she wants to take revenge so badly...
Kanon: Feels like she's so obsessed about that, she can't see anything else at all.
Kanon: I feel like that's really lonely...
Misaki: Lonely...?
Kanon: Because if the issue of Kokoro-chan wasn't on her mind, and she had come to Hanasakigawa as a normal exchange student...
Kanon: Then her school life would have been totally different...
Kanon: So I wonder if it's okay for her to continue like this...
Misaki: ...
Misaki: It's not good... definitely...!
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Thank you, Kanon-san.
Misaki: I feel like I understand a bit more about what I can do now.
