event255-03 Chapter 2: Nothing to Hesitate About!?

After talking with Misaki and Kaoru, Kanon finds an unexpected person in town…

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: ... I see. The reconciliation didn't go well.
Misaki: Well, I had a vague feeling that would happen...
Misaki: I thought Misono-san was more stubborn than I expected. She didn't open up to me at all...
Misaki: Hagumi is depressed, and Kokoro's been acting weird...
Kaoru: What's wrong with Kokoro?
Misaki: She's thinking what was it about her that made Misono-san angry?
Misaki: She's uncharacteristically lost in thought.  It's kind of... something just feels off about her...
Kanon & Kaoru: ...
Kanon: Misaki-chan, are you okay?
Misaki: Oh, I'm fine...
Misaki: But it was me who brought the whole thing to a screeching halt, so I feel a bit bad about that.
Misaki: When I heard what Misono-san said, I got angry and said too much...
Kanon: I-I see...
Kaoru: So you couldn't ask her why she was absent from school?
Misaki: She was absent from school...? Oh-- ... I forgot all about it...
Misaki: I was going to tell her that her classmates and everyone in the Student Council are worried about her, so she should come to school.
Misaki: Maybe I'm not the right person to be the Student Council President after all...
Kaoru: Well, well... It looks like you've lost your light of energy.
Kanon: You're not suited for it... I don't think so.
Kanon: I hear from the juniors in the tea ceremony club about Misaki-chan, but ...
Kanon: They said you're doing a great job as the Student Council President.
Misaki: Well, my usual daily tasks are pretty much set in stone.
Misaki: However, I'm not sure about matters that are not in the manual...
Kaoru: For example, chatting with kittens in trouble?
Misaki: Well, that's about it.
Misaki: If Rinko-senpai were in my shoes, would she have been able to handle this kind of thing well...?
Kanon: Rinko-chan?
Misaki: You know, when Rinko-senpai was the Student Council President, she was very concerned about the students and listened to them.
Misaki: She would never have gotten angry at the person she went to talk to, and I think she could have talked to Misono-san properly.
Kanon & Kaoru: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Kanon: (Misaki-chan looked depressed...)
Kanon: (I wish there was something I could do to help...)
Kanon: ! Charlotte-chan...!
Kanon: (Is she going shopping with her escort?)
Kanon: (Oh, she's going away...)
Kanon: ... W-wait! Charlotte-chan!
Charlotte: I wondered who it was, but it's you, Matsubara-san...  I'm sorry, but there's no reason to wait.
Charlotte: I'm have no intention of having a friendly chat with any of Kokoro Tsurumaki's friends.
Kanon: But, well... Ah!?
Kanon: There are so many people in front of us... Fuee, wait~!
Misono's Butler: ... Looks like Matsubara-sama was swept away by the crowd, Miss.
Charlotte: Humph, you persistent little buggers.
Charlotte: None of you are even a party to this, and yet you're all coming forward one by one... I don't trust anyone on Kokoro's side.
Kanon: Charlotte-chaaan~...!
Misono's Butler: Miss, across the street, there's Matsubara-sama...!
Charlotte: How did she suddenly move to the other side? Wasn't she supposed to be behind us just now?
Charlotte: Well, that's okay. I don't know where she's even looking, but let's leave her alone.
Charlotte: ... More importantly, has that matter been taken care of?  The next revenge plan I have must crush Kokoro more than ever before...
Kanon: Fuee, Charlotte-chan, where are you~?
Charlotte: Again!?
Misono's Butler: Now she's looking around in the direction we're going...
Charlotte: Why on earth is she looking in such a wrong place!?
Misono's Butler: Perhaps she is lost, isn't she?
Charlotte: There is no way she could be lost within a few dozen meters!
Misono's Butler: But no matter how you look at it, that seems to be the case...
Charlotte: ...
(Black cut)
Kanon: What should I do...?
Kanon: I was looking for Charlotte-chan and I ended up in an unknown place...I thought she was walking close by, but where am I...?
Charlotte: Hey!
Kanon: ! Charlotte-chan...!
Charlotte: What's up with you!? Since a while ago!
Charlotte: You've been hanging around me... If you're going to get lost, do it somewhere else!
Kanon: I'm sorry...I thought I followed you straight...
Charlotte: Sigh... Follow me.
Kanon: What? Where am I going?
Charlotte: I'll give you a lift.
Kanon: Eh...?
