event255-06 Chapter 5: Filled With Smiles

Charlotte comes to school after Misaki persuades her, but her attitude remains the same as ever--

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Classroom]

Charlotte: Good morning, everyone.
Classmate A: Good morning, Charley-chan! You're able to come to school now!
Classmate B: I thought you were not feeling well since you had been absent for a long time. We were all worried about you.
Charlotte: I'm sorry for worrying all of you. But I'm fine now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: I'm so glad Charley came to school again.
Misaki: I know you're glad, but... don't go charging at Misono-san.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Misaki: Kanon-san and Kaoru-san...
Kanon: Charlotte-chan came to school.
Kaoru: Fufu, we couldn't sit still after hearing such good news.
Hagumi: It's thanks to Mii-kun's talk with Chari-rin.
Kanon: Misaki-chan did it?
Misaki: Eh, no, nothing much...
Charlotte: Hey! Can you please stop getting carried away talking about other people without permission?
Kokoro: Oh, Charley!
Charlotte: Okusawa-san barged in, saying she didn't want my memories of Japan to be only about revenge, and also said school life in moderation is not so bad, or something...
Charlotte: She was annoying me, so I just made a deal with her.
Kanon & Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: That's a fleeting success as Student Council President, Misaki.
Kanon: I think you're suited to be Student Council President after all.
Misaki: It's hard to react when someone praises me to my face...
Kokoro: Oh, why don't you just accept it openly?
Hagumi: Yes, thanks to Mii-kun, I think Chari-rin is smiling a little more!
Charlotte: ... Smiles.
Misaki & Hagumi: ...!
Kaoru: By the way, Charlotte-chan, you said you didn't like smiles.
Charlotte: Yes, I said I didn't.
Hagumi: ...Why don't you like smiles?
Hagumi: You didn't tell me when I asked you before... I still want to know it!
Hagumi: Does it have anything to do with wanting to take revenge on Kokoron?
Charlotte: ... If you want to know so badly, I'll tell you.
Charlotte: Why do I hate smiles? Why do I want to take revenge on Kokoro Tsurumaki?...
Charlotte: I met Kokoro Tsurumaki when I was very young.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Charlotte: Make the world full of smiles?
Kokoro: Yes, if the whole world became full of smiles, wouldn't it be wonderful?
Charlotte: At first I didn't know what Kokoro wanted to do.
Charlotte: But ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Today, I'm going to make your maids at home smile!
Charlotte: Well, how do you ... do it?
Kokoro: I went to Happy Happy Island the other day, and it was sooo~ much fun!
Kokoro: The sun was shining and the blue sea was sparkling like jewels, and I was able to make lots of smiles!
Kokoro: So today, let's go to Happy Happy Island with your maids!
Charlotte: Eh? But isn't Happy Happy Island very far away?... I don't think you can go to such a remote place suddenly...
Kokoro: You don't know if you can go there or not until you try!
Kokoro: So, let's go there! Because there's something there that can make you smile!
Charlotte: Eh, huh~!?
Charlotte: I was fed up with being taken all over the place, but...
Charlotte: What Kokoro did was always beyond my imagination. And she never lost sight of her dream to make the world smile.
Charlotte: I started to... admire Kokoro.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Today we are having a party at my home! People from different countries are likely to be coming!
Charlotte: Um, Kokoro-chan... I tried to do something to make everyone smile...
Kokoro: That's great, Charley! Please tell me how wonderful it is!
Charlotte: I thought if there is happy music, everyone will be able to smile... so I've invited members of an orchestra, what do you think?
Kokoro: Oh, my! So it was Charley who invited them here!
Kokoro: There are a lot of people at my home who have musical instruments I don't know about, and I've been so excited all day!
Charlotte: Ehehe, I wish I could do something like Kokoro-chan... I tried to imitate you a little bit...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Charlotte: ...Before I knew it, I was chasing a dream to make the world smile.
Charlotte: I was not sure at first, but while I was bringing smiles to various people with Kokoro, I started to think that I wanted to make the world smile.
Charlotte: Someone else would smile because of what I did... It was those moments when my heart was filled with warmth.
Charlotte: I would come up with various ideas every day, trying to do something beyond everyone's imagination, to be close to Kokoro.
Charlotte: It was a time with a lot of fun... but it didn't last so long...
