event237-05 Chapter 4: Burning Desires

RAS finishes rehearsing without CHU², and LAYER reflects on how it went.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Galaxy]

LAYER (Rei): Now's probably a good time to wrap up today's rehearsals. Great job, guys.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you, everyone!
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, thank you very much for allowing us to use Galaxy.
MASKING (Masuki): No need to be so damn polite. Whenever CHU²'s place can't be used, you're welcome to practice here.
LOCK (Rokka): M-Masuki-san, I don't think the owner will be too thrilled about the anytime part!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, maybe one of these days then.
LAYER (Rei): Sorry, Masuki, do you think you could stick around a little longer? There's some rhythm section fine-tuning I want to work on.
MASKING (Masuki): No problem. Alright, you two take care on the way home, you hear?
LOCK (Rokka): Okay, see you during the next rehearsals!
LAYER (Rei): Take care. See you.
LAYER (Rei): Sigh... I guess there's no reaching the same level of intensity as when CHU²'s around.
MASKING (Masuki): The problem with today was more a matter of everyone's mood, I'd say. There's still the whole business with the tickets, and PAREO ain't in top form either.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah... I guess all of that showed in our sound.
LAYER (Rei): I had no idea just how much we relied on our feelings to perform.
MASKING (Masuki): That's hardly news.
LAYER (Rei): True... But I can't help but feel that we could've played better if I'd somehow managed to rally everyone.
LAYER (Rei): It's been a while since rehearsals went this poorly, you know? It made me realize that I still have a ways to go as the front man.
LAYER (Rei): ... Here I still am when my goal is to do better than Minato-san did that day.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh...?
LAYER (Rei): Oh... Sorry. Just some stuff that's been on my mind for a while. Anyway, let's get back to rehearsing, Masuki.
MASKING (Masuki): And leave me hangin'? C'mon, spit it out.
LAYER (Rei): I haven't really made full sense of my thoughts, honestly...
LAYER (Rei): It's just that when I think about that day, the day of the final show of the national tour we were invited to, I feel restless.
LAYER (Rei): I start burning inside when I recall the fire that was there.
LAYER (Rei): It was such an incredible and moving show... but it hurts.
LAYER (Rei): ... That's all.
MASKING (Masuki): What do you mean that's all...? You know, there's always been this part of you that seems to think it's cool to be all detached.
LAYER (Rei): What?! No...
MASKING (Masuki): Admit it.
LAYER (Rei): ...
MASKING (Masuki): Before you start overthinkin' things, you might wanna try doin' more of what your heart tells you to do.
MASKING (Masuki): Things tend to work out surprisingly well when you listen and act instead of brood. Least that's been my experience when overthinkin'.
LAYER (Rei): Listen to my heart instead, huh...?
LAYER (Rei): Yeah, you've certainly always done that, Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, you just made fun of me, didn't you?!
LAYER (Rei): I would never. Fufufu.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmph... Wipe that grin off your face. We've got rehearsin' to do!
LAYER (Rei): That we do. And Masuki, thanks.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Meeting Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): Hello, I'm CHU² from RAISE A SUILEN, and I reached out to you regarding the possibility of taking part in your event. I've come today to hear your reply.
Event Organizer: I'm sorry, as I mentioned on the phone, there simply isn't enough time to squeeze you in considering the event takes place next week...
CHU² (Chiyu): I believe I already explained the merits of having us.
CHU² (Chiyu): This shouldn't be such a bad deal for your side either.
Event Organizer: It's true that having a band with such momentum like RAS would make for a more interesting event and allow you to segue quite nicely into your solo concert.
Event Organizer: However, it's just not practical. The participating bands have already submitted their set lists, and we're at the stage where everyone is putting the final touches.
CHU² (Chiyu): Forgive me, but I'm fairly certain that I proposed some possible alternatives...!
Event Organizer: I'm afraid I haven't reviewed them.
CHU² (Chiyu): What...?
Event Organizer: ... According to your age, you should be in middle school, correct?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! Wh-what does that have to do with anything...?!
Event Organizer: Even I acknowledge your talent as a producer when it comes to making music. Being able to make the music you do at your age is honestly quite remarkable.
Event Organizer: However, when you're an adult, there's such a thing as the correct and proper way to go about matters. This may sound harsh, but for us, this isn't a game.
CHU² (Chiyu): A game...?!
Event Organizer: In any case, I'm afraid it's impossible for us to do as you ask. Perhaps we can do business some other time.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Understood. Although it's a shame that things didn't work out this time, I look forward to doing business with you in the future. Thank you. Now, please excuse me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Argh~! Why does everyone have to be like this!
CHU² (Chiyu): Even after I lay out the data and explain everything, they all just go on about how it's impossible or not how things are done!
CHU² (Chiyu): You all have that thing on your shoulders, so try using it to be rational for once already!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ow! Why is this stupid wall so hard?! Ngh~...!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I know that what I'm asking isn't easy, but I have to ask because there's no other way...!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I've tried everything I could think of and reached out to everyone that might be able to help...
CHU² (Chiyu): Asking music magazines to include material to promote us more didn't work. Events and music festivals didn't work either...
CHU² (Chiyu): Worst case, I'd be okay with being unable to fill all the seats, but there's no guarantee that that woman won't try something else...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... What am I supposed to do...?
(White cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): (If all I wanted was for people to listen to our music, then streaming's an option too.)
CHU² (Chiyu): (Even I know that there's no need to be so caught up with doing a concert.)
CHU² (Chiyu): (But...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): (This longing that that fire made feel... The sheer eye-opening impact that came from just hearing one note...)
CHU² (Chiyu): (I realized that a concert like that is what it takes to change the world.)
CHU² (Chiyu): That's the kind of concert I want us to do, and yet...
CHU² (Chiyu): Why is nothing working out...?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
