event237-01 Opening: Producer

As RAS prepares for a solo concert, CHU² has a visitor...

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

LAYER (Rei): Sorry for almost being late for practice!
CHU² (Chiyu): What took you forever?! Hurry up and get ready so we can start!
PAREO (Reona): LAYER-san, why don't you take a moment to catch your breath first? I just poured you some tea after all.
LAYER (Rei): Thanks, PAREO.
LOCK (Rokka): LAYER-san, you seem really busy lately with backup work.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah, the band I was with during the Flower Jam seems to have taken a liking to me. They've been asking for me every time something comes up.
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER, I know I more or less give you free rein, but start thinking about your workload. If it starts interfering with our band activities...
MASKING (Masuki): Man, just say you're worried about her.
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh?! I'm just telling her to watch it because we have the Japan Rock Festival and the GBT coming up...!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. I'm fine, CHU². And don't worry. RAS is my top priority.
CHU² (Chiyu): Good. Make sure it stays that way, too, because for our next show...
CHU² (Chiyu): We're doing something we haven't done in a while! We're performing solo!
LOCK (Rokka): That's mighty exciting~! We haven't done a solo concert in so long because of all the competitions we've been participating in.
MASKING (Masuki): As much as I like the tension in the air that comes from everyone aimin' for number one, it doesn't compare to the vibe we get when it's just us and our fans.
MASKING (Masuki): When we're performing solo, it's like we get to let loose and do what we want and the audience just responds with as much as we give them, you know...?
PAREO (Reona): I know exactly what you mean~. All of you are so much more wild and free with your sound during solo concerts. It really does bring me so much joy♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Just so you know, I secured our largest venue yet, so a lukewarm performance will mean the people in the back won't get to feel a thing.
LOCK (Rokka): How many people can this venue fit by the way?
CHU² (Chiyu): Roughly one-point-five times more than dub.
MASKING (Masuki): For real?! dub's capacity is already pretty big...!
LAYER (Rei): And it's just us, right...? Are we really going to be able to fill all the seats...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course we can. Who do you think I am?
CHU² (Chiyu): We've won so many awards that we're now called the Contest Crushers, and interest in us among industry insiders and music fans alike is continuing to increase.
CHU² (Chiyu): I guarantee you that getting that many people won't be an issue. We're that good now.
LAYER (Rei): ...! Yeah, true.
CHU² (Chiyu): If we get a lot of new fans from this solo concert, our music will spread even further throughout the world.
CHU² (Chiyu): Make no mistake. We're making this show work no matter what and taking a giant step forward toward our goal to "change the world!"
PAREO (Reona): Squeal~! That sounds absolutely wonderful~, CHU²-sama! I shall be with you every step of the way♪
MASKING (Masuki): Not bad. I'm gettin' fired up!
LOCK (Rokka): So am I!
LAYER (Rei): Alright, then. Let's get to rehearsing. What time I've caused us to lose, I'll make up for with my singing and playing. Also, PAREO, thanks for the tea.
PAREO (Reona): I aim to please~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): We're going all out from start to finish. Don't expect me to sit around and wait if you lose focus and get left behind!
All: Alright! Sure! Okay!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hm...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): ... Tomomi Hayamiya, CEO and producer of Hayamiya Production...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... I really don't have the time to be wasting on someone like her.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Well, looks like she's here.
(Black cut)
Hayamiya: ... If RAISE A SUILEN will sign with us, we're prepared to agree to any terms.
Hayamiya: What do you say, Producer Tamade?
CHU² (Chiyu): Just call me CHU².
CHU² (Chiyu): Also, as I've said repeatedly on the phone and via e-mail, we have no intention of signing with an agency.
CHU² (Chiyu): The only reason I invited you here was to tell you directly and make it clear.
Hayamiya: Fufu. There's no need to reject our offer outright, now, is there...? Surely you see the potential benefits.
Hayamiya: I've kept tabs on RAS from its early days, and you've seemed quite eager to expand the scope of your activities right from the start, unlike other student bands.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes, we have. We're going to become a band that will change the world, and we've worked toward that goal from day one.
Hayamiya: Change the world, is it?
CHU² (Chiyu): Is there something you would like to say?
Hayamiya: Oh, no, no. It's just that I was under the impression that you were more mature for your age.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... What exactly is that supposed to mean?
Hayamiya: Pardon me, I meant no offense.
Hayamiya: Anyhow, if you sign with us, I promise to make you one of the leading girl bands in the country.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... May I assume then, Producer Hayamiya, that you see the limits of our potential as being at the national level?
Hayamiya: Yes. RAS definitely has the necessary elements to remain competitive even as a professional band.
Hayamiya: The style and artistic vision that you express through your music and performances, striking individual personalities, genuine skill...
Hayamiya: If you agree to sign with us, we could even assign an advisor to you that will help you make the shift to music that sells...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sells...?
Hayamiya: Yes, sells. Essentially, a producer's job is to take songs and artists and make money, after all.
Hayamiya: For me, the value of music comes down to how much an artist or song can make.
Hayamiya: That's why I have to have RAS. Your music truly is wonderful in that regard.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I know there are producers who see things the way you do.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, we clearly have different priorities, which is why I would like to ask you to leave.
Hayamiya: ... If you don't mind me asking, how exactly are we different? I was certain that someone like you, who has produced the results you have, would understand.
Hayamiya: Hasn't it ever crossed your mind, however briefly, that there's no point in spending time on music that isn't worth money?
CHU² (Chiyu): Not for a second!
Hayamiya: ...!
CHU² (Chiyu): No point in music that can't make money? What a load of nonsense!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sound that has been crafted with sincerity and conviction is never meaningless!
CHU² (Chiyu): There's plenty of music out there that's great despite not selling or attracting a crowd, so don't you ever tell me that they're meaningless!
Hayamiya: ... I see. You've made your position quite clear. I seem to have misjudged you, so I'll take my leave for today. However...
Hayamiya: Let me just say that I find it hard to believe that you'll be changing the world given your current stance.
CHU² (Chiyu): What...?!
Hayamiya: You'll know what I mean soon enough. Oh, if you happen to want to sign with us anyway, you're welcome to get in touch with me anytime.
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
