event219-07 Ending: Our Story Continues

On the way back, Chisato and Maya reflect on the day... and their future.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Walking Home]

Chisato: Maya-chan, you didn't want to be dropped off at your house like the others?
Maya: No. I guess... I just wanted to walk a little more. You didn't want a ride home either?
Chisato: I feel the same way as you.
Chisato: ... Maya-chan, thanks for today.
Maya: Huh? For what?
Chisato: You've been secretly worrying about me all day, haven't you?
Maya: What? No, I haven't. I've just been my usual self.
Chisato: Hrm? Then, maybe my mind was playing tricks on me today. But I felt like your kindness helped me.
Maya: Ohh... When you say that...! I only worried about you... a little!
Chisato: Fufu, you're so honest.
Chisato: Today has really been one of those days.
Maya: When we were told to get in that banged up car, I wasn't sure what was going to happen next.
Chisato: Very true. But I learned many things today. I could see a vision of what we should aim for in the future.
Maya: Me too. And we learned that we have a really good person by our side.
Chisato: Yes, I think we can rely on her... She is a rather unique person, though.
Maya: Ahaha, she sure is. Of course, that doesn't mean I'm not nervous, but I think we should accept all our worries and try to move forward!
Maya: Chisato-san, I've said this before, but let's do our best.
Chisato: Yes, let's do our best.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Chisato: Hrm? Maya-chan, you're already here?
Maya: Chisato-san, good morning. You're early.
Chisato: You too. I thought for sure I'd be the first one here.
Maya: We start our rehearsals for the TIS today. Huhehe... I couldn't help but be excited.
Chisato: Well, then... how about we do some special practice together in secret until the others arrive?
Maya: That sounds great! Let's practice together and get even better.
Eve: Good morning!
Hina: Ah, you two are here already~! You're so early~♪
Maya: Fufu, it looks like everyone was thinking the same thing.
Chisato: That it does. Oh well.
Aya: Huh? What? What do you mean, "oh well"?
Chisato: Oh, it's nothing. Well, since we're all here, why don't we get started?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Maya: ... Eve-san, you're still coming into bridge too early. Chisato-san, you start speeding up. Please try to stick with the rhythm.
Eve: Okay!
Chisato: Alright, I'll do that.
Aya: Can we take it from the top again? I really want to nail the refrain better.
Hina: Okay~. I'm gonna rip and roar even more and make the refrain really exciting♪
Maya: Alright, here we go~! One, two, one, two, three...
Nao: There's still time before we're supposed to meet... These girls are like hardcore idols or something...
Nao: "Legendary idols," eh...? I guess to get them there, I'll have to see what they can do first.
Nao: Morning~, ladies~.
Pastel＊Palettes: Good morning! We're ready to start!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
