event219-06 Chapter 5: Legendary Idols

The last destination is a truly special place that idols dream of.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Nao: Huff~... Huff~... Man... my legs are killing me...
Maya: Are you alright, Nao-san?
Hina: Ahaha, you were the one who said we'd walk, but you're the most tired!
Eve: I will carry you if you would like!
Nao: ... Nah. As a grown woman, and your producer, I'll have to pass. Having a high school student carry me around would be bad for my image.
Nao: Besides, look there. You can see it now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Budokan - Stage]

Aya: Wow~... It's so big~...! So this is what the Budokan is like when it's empty...
Chisato: I've come here to watch a show before, but I've never stood on the stage. It's so quiet...
Maya: Th-this is incredible. Is it really okay for us to be on stage?
Nao: I told you, it's cool. I got permission~.
Maya: But this place is sacred for idols. It's sacred for musicians too...
Nao: What are you trying to say? You're gonna be standing on this stage in a few months from now, aren't ya?
Maya: Huh?
Nao: Management called the other day, and they said the winners of the TIS will celebrate their victory with a performance at the Budokan.
Aya: D-does that mean... Pastel＊Palettes might have a chance to play at the Budokan...? Th-that would be amazing...!
Hina: Wow~, playing at the Budokan just like Sis did would be so totally freakin' boppin'♪ Being here is getting me so pumped~!
Chisato: You two are getting ahead of yourselves. That only happens if we win. And to do that, we'll have to fight for our lives to beat the others.
Eve: Y-yes, we will. It will be a fierce battle between tough competitors. If we fail to defeat them, we will not be able to perform here...
Maya: ... Performing at the Budokan... I still can't really imagine it. It feels too much like a dream...
Aya: Yeah... That's how huge and historic this stage is.
Nao: Hey now~, why are you talking like you've got zero faith in yourselves? If you win, this'll become Pastel＊Palettes's stage.
Maya: Th-that's easier said than done...
Nao: Umph... Alright, ladies~, I want you all to lie down.
Hina: Ahaha, what's happening now?
Nao: Just do it~. Hurry up.
Nao: It's a sacred place for idols and musicians; it's the home of demons; people say all kinds of things about this place...
Nao: ... But it's just a flat surface. Isn't it?
Aya: ...!
Nao: If you keep putting one foot in front of the other, eventually you can reach this stage. It's no different than how we trudged here. Well, it is just as exhausting.
Nao: Marmalade kept moving forward one step at a time too, and we played here.
Aya: ... To make this stage our own, we'll need to move toward it one step at a time...
Aya: And to get started, this'll be our first step! Nao-san, I'm lying down next to you!
Hina: Me too, me too! Whoa, the ceiling is sooo high!
Eve: And the floor is cold! Fufu, this might be the first time I have ever lied down on a stage.
Maya: This isn't something you really ever get to do in your street clothes, but I feel like... huhehe, I could grow to like this openness!
Chisato: Fufu, me too.
Nao: Alrighty~, everybody close their eyes. The producer is gonna give you a special lesson.
(Background change)
Nao: ... Imagine that today is the show for the winners of the TIS. The Budokan is a full house.
Pastel＊Palettes: ...
Nao: The audience is cheering like crazy.
Nao: The spotlight is so hot it singes your skin.
Nao: Now, it's time for you to take the stage.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nao: ... Everyone, the whole world has been waiting for Pastel＊Palettes.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: ...!
Aya: Deep breath... Everyone in the arena section~! Can you see us~?!
Chisato: Wh-what are you doing, Aya-chan?
Aya: You're going to hear us all the way in the back, in the very last row~! We hope you enjoy the show until the end~!
Hina: Ahaha, nice! People on the second floor~! Can you see us~? We're about to cut loose and go wild, so make sure you're watching~!
Eve: Everyone~, we are going to have a really fun time together~! I wish we would have brought our instruments!
Maya: Me too! Boy, if only there were some drums here...! I'm itching to play so bad I can barely lie still~!
Nao: Hey now~, don't go getting too happy with yourselves here~.
Nao: The fun starts after you win the TIS, right~?
Pastel＊Palettes: ...!
Maya: That's right!
Aya: Then let's... let's make a circle! And promise ourselves that we will definitely come here again!
Eve: That is a wonderful idea. Nao-san, please join us!
Hina: Yeah, the Producer's gotta get in here too. C'mon, c'mon.
Nao: Sorry, that's not a producer's place. Just you guys do it.
Chisato: ... We have a space for you right here, so please join us.
Chisato: Of course, idols and producers have different roles to play. But from now on, we're aiming for the same new goal. One we'll move toward together.
Nao: ... Ahaha, thanks! But that's a place only idols can be. I'll be checking things out from my special seat.
Maya: Okay. Then, our producer will watch from her VIP seat. Right, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Yes, I suppose she will.
Aya: Hey, guys, when we were closing our eyes a moment ago, I could see it so clearly.
Aya: The hall was completely full, people were cheering, the lights felt so hot... You all saw the same thing, right?
Aya: I just know we can do it. We can make that vision a reality. We can even become legendary idols!
Nao: ...!
Chisato: Aya-chan...
Hina: Ahaha, what's up with us becoming legends all of a sudden?
Aya: Well, I don't really know how to explain it, but when I was shouting at the stands a minute ago, that's how I felt.
Aya: In our future lies a big shining adventure. I'm sure that journey will transform us into legends... At least, that's what I believe.
Aya: That's how amazing we should become as idols.
Aya: Let's keep our shining dream alive forever...
Maya: You're right! We can do it! Because an idol's journey is one where they continue to grow through competition!
Eve: We will do our best to conquer all!
Aya: Everybody ready? TIS, here we come~! Pastel＊Palettes~!
Chisato, Maya, Hina & Eve: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
