event219-02 Chapter 1: Disquiet

Out of concern for the band, Chisato looks into Nao's record.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Later That Night]

[Chisato And Kanon's Apartment]

Chisato: (... Nao Higashinakano, a former member of the idol group Marmalade. After the group broke up, she's been working as a model and columnist...)
Chisato: (... I've looked extensively into her career, and it really does appear she has no experience as a producer.)
Chisato: (She may have been a talented idol, but being a producer requires a completely different set of skills...)
Chisato: (I wonder if her presence is really going to be advantageous for Pastel＊Palettes...)
Kanon: Chisato-chan, the bath is ready. You can take one first~.
Chisato: Thank you. I'm going to take one a little later, so you can go now if you like.
Kanon: But I went first yesterday too... You've been staring at that screen since you came home... Are you working on a report? I could help you research.
Chisato: No, I'm not working on a report. I'm just checking some things...
Kanon: Is everything okay? I'd like to help if I can...
Chisato: Oh, it's nothing that important... But, well, could I talk to you about something?
Kanon: Yes, of course.
Chisato: Well, Pastel＊Palettes was officially told that it's going to be in the Tokyo Idol Summit yesterday.
Kanon: What...?! That's the big competition that's been all over the news online lately, right? That's amazing...!
Chisato: Yes, and to win the competition, we've been assigned a producer...
Chisato: Furthermore, that producer was a member of Aya-chan's favorite idol group, Marmalade.
Kanon: Fue~... Y-you had a big day today, didn't you...? If I were you, I think my head would be spinning from all that~...
Kanon: ... But I see... This means Pastel＊Palettes is going to be facing a very big challenge soon...
Chisato: Yes...
Kanon: Fufu, you must be kind of excited.
Chisato: Huh?
Kanon: Ah, of course I think the contest will be very difficult, but I'm sure you'll have so many fun and amazing experiences too.
Chisato: ... You're probably right. Nothing's happened yet, and I'm already looking for things to worry about. It's a bad habit of mine.
Kanon: I see. But maybe that's one of your good points too. I think it's important to think ahead.
Chisato: Fufu, thanks. I feel better after talking with you about it. I'm going to go take a bath.
Kanon: You're welcome. I put a citrus bath salt that Tsugumi-chan recommended in the water today. Please enjoy your bath.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Morning]

[Rehearsal Studio]

Eve: We have wiped the floor and aired out the studio!
Aya: We have room-temp water, sports drinks, lemon dipped in honey, tea bags... Everything we need! We're totally prepared.
Maya: We're pumped and ready to go. I'm really excited to see what kind of rehearsal we'll have.
Hina: I know Marmalade's like your favorite group, but aren't you a wee bit too excited about this?
Aya: What are you saying?!
Aya: Marmalade is an idol group that played at the Budokan. They've played nationwide tours and even performed in the year-end singing festival.
Maya: That's true... When I think about us rehearsing with an amazing idol like that, I start to get nervous. Don't you, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Fufu, I do.
Aya: We're going to rehearse with a veteran idol! So we have to be ready to take in everything she teaches us!
Nao: Yawn~. Whoa, you're all here~.
Pastel＊Palettes: Good morning!
Nao: Boy, that was a very energetic "good morning"~. Lemme guess, you guys are raring to go, aren't ya?
Aya: Yes! We're super excited!
Maya: Everything's ready. We can start any time!
Nao: Okey-dokey~... Then, first, go change.
Eve: Okay! Wait... You want us to change clothes?
Maya: U-umm~, aren't we scheduled to have a rehearsal today...?
Nao: I'm well aware of the schedule~. I've got a car waiting for us downstairs, so meet me there after you change~.
Chisato: Where are we going?
Nao: To visit...
Nao: Some pretty special places, of course☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Producer's Car]

Nao: Everybody got their seat belts on~?
Aya: Y-yes... We're all buckled up...
Maya: Umm~... There are some pretty bad-looking dents and scratches on this car... Did you hit something while you were driving...?
Nao: Oh~, those? Nah, it wasn't that. Umm~, those are from...
Hina: From what?
Nao: Well...
Nao: You guys fasten your seat belts?
Pastel＊Palettes: Huh~?!
Aya: Wh-why are you avoiding the question?!
Eve: Did you receive your driver's license only recently?!
Maya: Wh-why don't we go by train? Or we could take a taxi...!
Nao: Ahaha, I'm just teasing you guys~. Those scratches are from a long time ago. I really goofed up once backing into a garage. I've got a gold driver's license~☆
Chisato: ... Really?
Nao: For sure, for sure. Alright, now let's head out to see some sights~! Make sure you don't fall outta the car~.
Maya: Ah, please drive safely~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
