event219-03 Chapter 2: A Special Place☆

Nao has the girls exit the studio and brings them to an unexpected location.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[China Town]

Hina: Mmm~, this is so good~♪ This meat bun is super juicy!
Eve: The mapo tofu we just had was spicy and full of flavor! I really liked it!
Aya: Hrm? Chisato-chan, you're not really eating anything. Did you get motion sickness in the car?
Chisato: No, I'm fine. It was a much smoother ride than I had expected.
Nao: Didn't I say I had a gold driver's license~? Now, c'mon and eat up, okay~?
Chisato: Nao-san, thank you for treating us to so much food.
Chisato: But... why are we in China Town? Could it be because there's a studio near here?
Nao: Ahaha, don't be silly~! I just wanted to get you guys some good eats~.
Chisato: ... If this is supposed to be a casual get together, we don't have to do one now. Besides, we only have a limited amount of time for our rehearsals.
Nao: Oh yeah~...? I know your type! You're the kind that likes to get straight to business...
Chisato: ... Uhuhu, maybe I am.
Maya: U-um! Nao-san, I thought you might be trying to show us what kind of food you like. Am I right?
Aya: That reminds me, you said in an interview that you often go to the restaurant we were just at! Maya-chan, you really know your stuff~.
Maya: Thanks. I don't know Marmalade as well as you do, Aya-san, so I did a lot of research online once we learned Nao-san was our producer.
Maya: Of course, only reading about your career and profile won't tell me everything, but I just wanted to learn a little more about you if I could, Nao-san.
Eve: That is wonderful, Maya-san! It is important for us to become as thick as thieves.
Maya: Ahaha... Well~, I guess that's one way to put it...
Nao: Yamato, I like the way you think~. That's what today's all about. I thought we could get to know each other☆
Chisato: That's what we're doing today?
Nao: Yeah. You guys aren't gonna listen to some stranger who just popped into your lives, are you? Maruyama, you know me the idol but not me personally, right?
Aya: Th-that's true.
Nao: Even if you go along with things 'cause we're working together, you still might think, "Is this person really qualified to do their job~?"
Chisato: ...
Hina: Seriously~? Well, I think you're interesting, so I don't really care about that stuff~.
Nao: Ahaha, thanks! So you're the kind of person who keeps an open mind~☆ I think I'm starting to get a better feel for you guys.
Maya: If that's the case, then why don't we give you a proper introduction? I mean, yesterday, we only told you our names!
Eve: Oh wow, that is a fantastic idea! I will go first! I am Eve Wakamiya! I like to-
Nao: Watch period dramas, and you have a love for all things bushido. Oh, and you're in the Kendo, Tea Ceremony, and Flower Arrangement clubs.
Eve: ...! Yes, that is correct!
Nao: Maruyama, you like to look yourself up online. Hikawa, you absolutely adore your twin sister.
Hina: Whoa~, you totally got that right~♪
Nao: Yamato, you've got keen survival skills, and Shirasagi~... Your drawings are unique.
Chisato: ... U-unique...?
Maya: I-I guess you looked up a lot about us.
Nao: Of course I did. I'm your producer. Wakamiya talks a lot about her clubs on her radio show. The other info I found on social media and from past shows and interviews.
Nao: I even watched everything you've all been in. I saw the play Shirasagi was in by Takayuki Miyagawa, the Mo-chan movie, the deserted island special; I've seen it all.
Nao: But today, I want you all to tell me stuff I can't find online. That's why we're going on this little adventure today.
Maya: Okay! I'd like you to get to know me better too!
Hina: I wanna learn more about you~! I just learned that you like gyoza and fried rice!
Nao: Then maybe I'll let you know even more of my secrets~. Shirasagi, you're curious about me, aren't you~?
Chisato: Yes, of course I am. And I'd like you to learn that there's more to me than just my forwardness.
Nao: Ahaha, great. Boy~, you're a lot more interesting than I even expected. That's for sure.
Aya: I don't really know what's going on, but it feels like Chisato-chan is taking the lead. We'd better try harder.
Eve: Okay, we will talk a lot about Pastel＊Palettes so you can learn all about us!
Maya: Well then, what's next on our agenda?
Nao: We're going to where it all started for me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
