event219-05 Chapter 4: Nao's Way

The next destination is a live house. There, the girls see some familiar idols.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Live House]

Hina: Wow~, this place is buzzing with excitement! The whole audience's eyes are sparkling!
Maya: That's just how eager they are to see ViVidCanvas's show.
Chisato: Still, though... I didn't think we'd be coming to one of their shows after the zoo.
Nao: Back when I was an idol, they didn't say I was full of surprises for nothing, you know~.
Aya: This will actually be my first time seeing a ViVidCanvas show from the stands...! I wonder if they're offstage psyching themselves up now... Ohh~, I'm so nervous~!
Hina: Ahaha, what are you getting nervous for~?
Nao: Ta-da~, I've got glow sticks~! Here, Wakamiya, pass them around. There's some for everybody.
Eve: Thank you! I am going to shake my glow stick just as happily as the fans!
Chisato: ...! By the way, is it okay for you to be here?
Chisato: Since you're the producer, shouldn't you be in the dressing room or offstage...?
Maya: O-oh yeah! You're the Idol Division's producer, so you're producing ViVidCanvas too, right?! This is no time to be waving glow sticks!
Nao: It's cool. I'm here to watch today~. Yo, Shirasagi, if you don't check which sticks match the members' colors now, you'll be caught off guard later!
Chisato: N-now's not the time for th-
ViVidCanvas: Hi, everybody~! We're the brilliant and vibrant ViVidCanvas!
Nao: Hey, it's starting~. ViVidCanvas! We've been waiting for you~!
Chisato: (I just can't understand how Nao-san thinks...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Hi, guys~! You were amazing~!
ViVidCanvas: Thank you!
Hina: It's been a while since I've seen you live, but now you've got more original songs, and your singing and performance are way better!
Maya: She's right! We were pretty busy until we came here, so I was worried we wouldn't be able to really enjoy the show... But we had a great time!
Chisato: (That's true. In the end, Nao-san was only enjoying the show... That's how it looked to me, anyway...)
Eve: Your powerful dancing was very cool! This performance showed how strong the bond is between you three and how much you have grown.
Aya: Right, right? I totally agree~! Chisato-chan, don't you think so too?
Chisato: Yes, well...
Chisato: (They're certainly better than that time before, but their poses were a little off, and other areas still need to improve, such as their timing when they start singing.)
Chisato: (But... I don't think I should mention those things and damper the mood when they're so excited like this.)
Chisato: I think you all did very well. I especially felt the harmony during the ballad was beautiful.
Serina: We did good, Mio! I swear, this girl is always blabbing about how incredible you are, Chisato-san~. Ah, I know. Mio, why don't you ask to get a picture together?
Shino: Th-that's right. I don't think you'll have a chance like this very often! Mio-chan, since you're both here, why don't you ask her?
Mio: H-hey! Don't say stuff like that in front of Pastel＊Palettes. I-it's embarrassing.
Maya: Fufu, you guys really are close.
Shino: U-umm, Nao-san! How was our performance? Please tell us what you think.
Nao: Hmm~... Well, the reason I was in the audience today was because I wanted to see what it was like to watch ViVidCanvas from the stands.
Nao: And I thought...
Pastel＊Palettes: ...
Nao: You guys were faaantastic!
Serina: Wow! Really?!
Nao: Yep. I loved watching you sing and dance so confidently. The audience saw everything you did on stage, so they could feel all that energy you were putting into the show.
Nao: But that's not all... they could see you're still learning. So they saw every mistake, like your pose for the second song and your timing at the start of the third song.
Chisato: ...!
Nao: If I had to be specific... your speaking skills, like talking in front of an audience, need work~. You guys sounded rehearsed. Talk more like you just were~.
Mio: Huh? Like we just were? But we weren't saying anything special. We were just chatting...
Nao: But that's good. That's the side of you fans wanna see. That was my last little nitpick, but I hope it helps going forward.
Nao: But, of course, just keep in mind you're talking in front of an audience. I think the way you were talking to each other now was very ViVidCanvas~.
Hina: Yeah, totally. When Aya-chan's talking in front of an audience, she's like a big ball of Aya-chan goodness. The more she fumbles, the more it sounds like her♪
Serina: You're right...!
Aya: What's that supposed to mean~?! Ohh, I wish I hadn't heard that~.
Nao: Hikawa, nice follow~. ViVidCanvas will have to tap into itself just like Maruyama does.
Mio: Right! We'll do our best! We want to win the TIS too...!
Hina: Ah, oh yeah. We might share the same agency, but we're gonna be rivals from now on.
Aya: But that's exactly why we should all work hard!
ViVidCanvas: Yeah!
Chisato: (Nao-san gave apt advice on all the things I would have... And although she was frank about their mistakes, ViVidCanvas is even more eager to improve now...)
Chisato: (Nao-san... was an idol, so she's seen it all.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nao: I wanna take you guys one last place. There's gonna be a lot of walking, though. Is that cool?
Chisato: We don't mind. Where are we go- Wait, it's a secret until we get there... Isn't it?
Nao: You're really catching on~. Well, let's get moving, shall we?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
