event219-04 Chapter 3: Where It All Started

When Nao brings the girls to where things began for her, they start reflecting.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Zoo - Petting Area]

Aya: Ahh! The alpaca keeps following me~! Wh-what does it want~?
Hina: Ahaha, it's because you won't let go of the carrot~. Give it to the lil' guy already.
Aya: Th-that's easy for you to say~! This alpaca is so aggressive~!
Maya: Aya-san, throw it far away from you!
Eve: Chisato-san, you can hold rabbits over here!
Chisato: Wow, you can. Tae-chan would love this.
Eve: Oh my goodness, they are so warm and fluffy. You should hold one.
Chisato: Fufu, you're right. They really are warm and fluffy...
Chisato: ... Nao-san, it's a little embarrassing if you stare at me like that...
Nao: My bad, my bad. I'm just surprised to see this side of you.
Eve: Chisato-san has a pet dog named Leon. She makes this same kind of very gentle face whenever she pets him.
Eve: Even after she moved out of her parents' house, Chisato-san sometimes brings treats to Leon so he will not feel lonely!
Chisato: E-Eve-chan...! You don't need to tell her that.
Eve: Huh? B-but why not? I only wanted to let her know about how kind you are...
Nao: Ahaha! Wow~. Wakamiya, you're so good-natured~. I can't compete with you~.
Chisato: ...
Maya: U-umm~... Why don't we take a little break? There's a kiosk over there. I'm going to get something to drink.
Hina: Let's all go! Aya-chan~? You done playing with the alpaca~?
Aya: Hey~, wait. D-don't leave me~.
(Black cut)
Hina: So~, what should we see next? There are no koalas here, are there?
Nao: Nope~. But if you like marsupials, there are kangaroos in the Australia Area around from the kiosk. There are emus, and there should be shoebills too.
Eve: You know this place very well.
Hina: Hey, you said this was where it all started for you. Is that why you know all this stuff here?
Nao: Bingo. Back in the day, this zoo really helped me out. You guys know the show "Hanamaru Animals" that used to air on Sundays?
Aya: Of course we do! That was the first variety show that Marmalade regularly appeared on. I loved that show.
Maya: That was the show where Marmalade would look after animals and go abroad to report on rare animals, right?
Aya: That's it! There were so many emotional scenes too... I cried when the baby kangaroo Ayumi-san was trying so hard to look after took its first steps in the garden~.
Nao: You really love Ayumi, don't you~?
Aya: Yes! I've always looked up to her!
Nao: People really started to know our name when we were on Hanamaru Animals. The reason Marmalade became popular was thanks to this zoo.
Aya: It really did! You all looked so cute taking care of the animals, and you tried so hard. Anyone who saw you on the show would instantly become a fan!
Maya: I think it was after Marmalade started being on Hanamaru Animals that it had a nationwide tour and played at the Budokan.
Chisato: I see. So that's why you said this place is where it all began...
Hina: Maybe our start was... probably there, right? In front of the station selling tickets right after we became a group!
Aya: I think so! I guess you could say that was the place where it all began for us!
Aya: We worked so hard trying to speak to people walking by... Even when it began raining, we didn't stop... What a day that was.
Chisato: Yes, I will never forget that time. That place is where Pastel＊Palettes began.
Nao: Maybe one day, that spot will be special to your fans. Apparently, Marmalade's fans think of this zoo like that. But I guess that didn't start until after the show ended.
Aya: It was on for so long, and then it just stopped... I loved Hanamaru Animals, so I was devastated when it didn't continue.
Maya: Sometimes, shows end because of scheduling reasons.
Hina: Speaking of endings, Marmalade's breakup also came outta left field. Why'd you guys call it quits anyway?
Maya: H-hey, Hina.
Nao: Well~, to put it simply, I guess we wanted to end the group so we could begin... the next part of our lives. That's what we officially said too.
Nao: But for the fans, the break up was so sudden. I still feel bad about that. Maruyama, I hope you can forgive us.
Aya: I-it's okay... I was really sad... but knowing... you've been worrying about the fans like that... all this time is... Ohh, ohh~...
Nao: Whoa... Y-you're crying now? But Marmalade broke up years ago.
Maya: A-Aya-san, are you alright? Please use my handkerchief. You startled Nao-san.
Aya: Ohh... I-I'm sorry. I just became so touched thinking about how much she cares for the fans... I-I'll stop crying right away!
Chisato: Goodness... This is just the kind of girl Aya-chan is.
Nao: I can see that veeery well. You and Ayumi really are alike...
Aya: What?! Me? Like Ayumi-san? Ohh, saying that only makes me want to~... Sob.
Nao: H-hey~?! Now it's like I really did make you cry~!
Chisato: Fufu, but you did.
Nao: Not cool, Shirasagi~! Don't just laugh, help me~! I'm begging you, Maruyama, stop crying~!
Chisato: (Nao-san has her quirks... but maybe she's not a bad person.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
