event219-01 Opening: To a New Stage

Pastel＊Palettes is informed by the agency of their next big challenge.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

???: This is unbelievable...! Being an idol really is incredible...!
???: ... Hey, let's become legends!
???: That's how amazing we should become as idols. I know we can do it. We just have to try! Let's keep our shining dream alive forever...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: R-really...?! We're going to be in the "Tokyo Idol Summit"?!
Staff: Yes! It's been officially decided!
Pastel＊Palettes: ...!
Maya: We even talked about having the chance to go...!
Staff: With all the huge announcements, I'm sure you've heard of it. The Tokyo Idol Summit, TIS for short, will be a large-scale idol contest reality show.
Staff: The show will be a docuseries that follows idol groups as they compete to determine who are the top idols. The series will air on TV and stream online.
Eve: I saw on the news online that many idols have been announced as contestants!
Hina: Even that idol group who won the Best New Artists award last year said they're gonna be in it~.
Chisato: From nationally known idols to minor regional idols... There have been similar contests before, but they pale in comparison to the grand scale of this one.
Chisato: In all honesty, it may be safe to say that this will be a competition that decides who are the number one idols.
Staff: Exactly! The agency feels this'll be a great chance to promote you in a big way! But it'll also be the toughest challenge you've ever faced...
Chisato: Of course we realize that. But we also think a challenge like this should help us reach the next level.
Eve: And I think our fans will really enjoy watching us compete!
Aya: ... I want to do it! No matter how hard or frustrating it may be... I want the five of us to be in the TIS!
Aya: I believe we can shine even brighter!
Staff: I'm glad you said that. The agency decided to hire a producer for the Idol Division to help you win. Please come in.
Aya: Huh? A producer?
Nao: Hiya~, I'm Nao Higashinakano~. Nice to you meet ya~.
Aya: ...! No way~!
Maya: Wh-what's wrong, Aya-san?!
Aya: M-Marmalade! It's Nao-chan from Marmalade~!
Maya: What? Isn't Marmalade the group Ayumi-san was in...?
Nao: That's right~. I'm Marmalade's Nao Higashinakano, that fizzy girl with a twist of lemon~.
Aya: Oh my gosh~! The real Nao-chan~! ... Ah, I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean to shout...!
Eve: So does that mean you are going to be our producer?
Maya: Th-this is incredible! Hi, I'm Maya Yamato! It's nice to meet you.
Aya: Th-this isn't your first time meeting her~...! We met her in the dressing room after Marmalade's final show~!
Hina: We sure did! That time you got super emotional and started crying like crazy! You were using up all the tissues in the dressing room~!
Nao: Ahaha, We were totally shocked when that happened~. We were the ones breaking up, but you were bawling your eyes out even more than we were~.
Aya: Ohh... I'm really sorry about that! I was so happy to meet Ayumi-san, but I was so sad you were all breaking up. My emotions were all over the place...
Eve: I still remember seeing you speak with your hero, Ayumi-san!
Nao: So do I. I remember thinking at the time... "Man, those two sure do like talking to each other."
Chisato: We really appreciate you allowing us to meet with you back then.
Chisato: But why have you chosen to be our producer?
Nao: The agency told me they were looking for a producer. Oh, and when I heard it was the girls I met at Marmalade's last show, I decided to take the job~.
Maya: I never imagined our meeting back then would lead to something like this... I guess these kinds of things really do happen.
Eve: Even an unexpected meeting truly is a part of fate's plan!
Hina: So this is because Aya-chan left that big of an impression? Cry baby Aya-chan helped us score big~!
Aya: H-Hina-chan, let's stop talking about that already~.
Nao: Ahaha. Man~, you guys really are best buds~.
Chisato: Fufu, thank you. It's very reassuring to have a veteran idol as our producer.
Chisato: It's nice to know you'll be guiding us.
Aya, Maya, Hina & Eve: We look forward to working with you.
Nao: Sweet~, me too~. But I'm not so great with the whole idol thing~.
Aya: Huh?
Chisato: What do you mean...?
Nao: Oh~, my bad. I meant being one myself. Anyway~, I'm new to producing... but I'm sure things'll work out☆
Nao: Maruyama, Shirasagi, Hikawa, Yamato, Wakamiya... I'm gonna make you five girls into truly "invincible idols."
Nao: ... Ahaha, maybe I'm hyping myself up too much.
Chisato: ...
Nao: Shoot, it's this time already? Well, that's all I've gotta say today. Umm, I'll hit you up about our next meeting~. Later, ladies~☆
Pastel＊Palettes: Bye!
Aya: I can't believe... the Nao-san from Marmalade is going to produce us...
Hina: Crazy, right~? And she seems real laid-back too. I think this is gonna be fun♪
Eve: I feel like a warrior trembling with excitement before an epic battle! We will conquer the world!
Maya: Boy~, it's been a whirlwind of events. So many things were decided in the blink of an eye...
Chisato: Yes, they were... It seems as if everything is happening at once.
Maya: But I'm happy because I feel like we have some major help on our side! Nao-san's a former idol, so she can teach us a lot about performing and staging.
Chisato: ... I agree. I'm sure she can provide us with the kind of real-life experience that the staff can't...
Maya: (...? Chisato-san...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
