event196-02 Chapter 1: The Fanged Maid

The group arrives at a mansion that is filled with maids.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Mansion]

Eve: Wow! Look at all of the maids!
Kanon: So the inside's been made into a restaurant...! This is kind of nice, isn't it? It's like you're eating inside a real castle.
Eve: Oh! That short maid over there carrying dishes has a big ribbon in her hair! She is so cute!
Chisato: There's a pink-haired maid on the other side of the room, too. She's carrying a mop and looks to be hard at work... not doing anything. Is she on break...?
Kanon: Ah... That maid over there changing the water in the vases on the tables has really pretty blonde hair.
Eve: There are other maids with blonde hair, too, but... is that the "fanged, blonde maid" that we are looking for...?
Kanon: Mmm~... If only she'd smile or something, we'd be able to check...
Kaoru: Hm... Then please, allow me to take care of this.
Kaoru: I shall deliver a smile to our little kitten's face posthaste, using the most subtle and elegant, yet wittiest of jokes.
Eve: Good luck, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Greetings, my little blonde kitten over yonder. Would you do me the kindness of coming here and lending us your ear for a moment?
Blonde Maid: ...
Chisato: Well, she's here. Go ahead, tell your joke. Not that I'm expecting anything, though.
Kaoru: Fufu. Chisato, you only say that because you are not aware of just how witty my joke truly is.
Kaoru: Once I have revealed this piquant little gem, not only this little kitten here, but the entire castle will bloom into a garden of joyous mirth. Oh, what a lovely sight that shall be.
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: If anything, the word "joke" is too reductive. What I have prepared is so elegant, so magnificent, so packed with humor and class, it could only be described as the ultimate in amusement.
Kaoru: ... In the first place, the inspiration for this witful joke was actuall-
Chisato: Oh, just hurry up and say it already.
Blonde Maid: Fufu...
Kanon: Ah, she laughed...!
Eve: I only caught a glimpse, but I saw fangs...! Could it be? Are you...?
Blonde Maid: Yes, that's right. I'm sorry for keeping quiet this whole time.
Eve: Wow! That was amazing, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Oh, come now. Bringing a smile to a little kitten's face is nothing for one such as I.
Chisato: I don't know... In the end, we never got to hear your "witty joke"...
Kanon: Um... So, do you know where the fortuneteller is...?
Blonde Maid: Deep within the great forest which sprawls out behind this mansion, there is a place called the Sanctuary. It is inside there you will find your fortuneteller.
Blonde Maid: When attempting to enter the Sanctuary, please keep this close to you at all times. It will serve as the key to leading you to the fortuneteller.
Eve: Is this... a necklace...? What a beautiful blue stone.
Blonde Maid: Please, take care on your journey. No matter what happens in the Sanctuary, I ask that you keep your resolve and will, and I pray for your safety.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ruins]

Eve: Is this the Sanctuary that the maid was talking about...? There is something strange about this place...
Kanon: Yeah... It feels kind of... sinister...
Kaoru: Clearly, time and care has been put into creating a rather appropriate atmosphere for this attraction... I can feel the fierce passion the creators have for entertaining their guests...
Kanon: According to that maid, the fortuneteller is in here, right...?
Chisato: Yes. But the door is closed... How are we supposed to get in...?
Eve: Oh! Look! This keyhole is the same shape as the blue stone in our necklace!
Kanon: You're right. So if we put this stone in here...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Chisato: Incredible. Green fields and blue sky as far as you can see... Is this what they call "projection mapping"...?
???: Hello. I've been waiting for you.
All: ... ?!
???: I'm glad to see you've all made it here safely. It's been quite a long time since I spoke with anyone, and I've been feeling rather lonely without anyone to enjoy tea with.
Eve: Are you... the fortuneteller?
Fortune Teller: I suppose yes, that would be easier to understand for people of your world, wouldn't it? Now then, come. Sit.
Chisato: She's... certainly quite committed to her character...
Kaoru: Indeed. She performs the role of fantasy soothsayer to a T.
Fortune Teller: Now now, there's no need to be afraid. You there, you like black tea, don't you? Take a sip and relax. I'd like if you treated this space just like the café you always frequent.
Chisato: ... How... do you know...?
Fortune Teller: Oh, you don't have to be so on guard. Loosen up a little. Just like your friend right next to you, who's supported you for so long.
Kaoru: Indeed. Our souls are intertwined. In the words of Shakespeare, we are-
Chisato: "Just childhood friends," I'm sure. In any case, you really are spot-on with your predictions, aren't you...?
Fortune Teller: Of course I am. I'm... a fortuneteller, after all.
Kanon: That's amazing...!
Eve: Yes! It feels like she actually can tell our future...!
Fortune Teller: So then. Who shall I begin with?
Eve: Me, please!
Fortune Teller: Fufu. From you then, my energetic silver-haired lady. Sit on that seat there and face me.
Eve: Okay...! Like this...?
Fortune Teller: ... Hm. I see a rather positive destiny for you. Those beliefs to which you hold so steadfast to will bear fruit, and many shall hear your voice.
Eve: My beliefs will... bear fruit...? My voice will be heard...? What does that mean...?
Fortune Teller: Relax. They're all good things. If anything, you should be happy. All you need to do is stick true to your path and wait for your time to come.
Eve: U-understood...!
Fortune Teller: Alright. Who's next?
Kaoru: Well then, would you read my fortune next, little kitten?
Fortune Teller: Of course. Come and sit.
Fortune Teller: You... You're currently holding some misgivings related to the arts, no? But soon, you will encounter a glorious revelation that will reveal to you that which you have been searching for.
Kaoru: I see... So even the goddess of fate herself eagerly awaits my next flash of inspiration. Ah, Kaoru Seta... She who charms even the gods... And she is I.
Chisato: That's taking things a little too positively, don't you think...?
Fortune Teller: Okay. Next is...?
Kanon: Th-then, me, please...
Kanon: U-um, I'm... I'm writing a song right now, and... I was hoping you might have some sort of hint, or maybe some ideas for me...
Fortune Teller: Very well. Take a seat and face me.
Fortune Teller: ... Oh, my.
Kanon: Wh-what? Why are you frowning...?
Fortune Teller: ... I must ask you one thing.
Fortune Teller: ... Your fortune... Do you really want to hear it?
Kanon: What...?
