event196-06 Chapter 5: From Zero

The end of summer draws nearer, and it's Kanon's last day of club activities.

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Chisato: Well then, I'll leave you here.
Kanon: Thanks, Chisato-chan. For coming with me this far.
Chisato: Oh, it's fine. I have work after this anyway.
Chisato: Today is your last day of club activities, right?
Kanon: Yeah... Once summer break is over, us third years are going to be quite busy... which means that I'll basically be done with club activities after today...
Chisato: I see. That's quite sad to think about.
Kanon: Yeah... I've been in the tea ceremony club ever since I enrolled here, after all.
Chisato: I'm sure it must have been a very pleasant space for you.
Kanon: ...
Chisato: ... Soon, summer break will end and fall will arrive... We don't have much time left as high schoolers, do we?
Chisato: Even wearing these uniforms, hearing the cicadas chirp...
Kanon: ...
Chisato: ... Well, I'll be going now.
Kanon: Sure... Have fun with your band.
Chisato: ... Goodbye, Kanon.
Kanon: ... Bye bye.
Kanon: ...
Kanon: ... Let's go. My last day of club...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Tea Room]

Eve: Alright, the tatami mats have been cleaned, so all that is left is the tea preparation tools...
Eve: Oh! Matsubara-senpai!
Kanon: Hi, Eve-chan.
(Black cut)
Eve: What do you think of the tea I prepared?
Kanon: It was really good. I'm glad I got to drink your tea on my last day.
Eve: That makes me very happy to hear, Matsubara-senpai!
Kanon: ... It's... kind of sad to think that I'm going to have to say goodbye to this room, too...
Eve: Please come by anytime to visit. Oh... do you remember the stain on this tatami mat?
Kanon: Of course. We spilled a bunch of tea together on the day you joined the club... Our club advisor got so mad at us.
Eve: Back then, you immediately went to help me clean my uniform instead of the tatami. That is when I realized you were a very kind upperclassman.
Kanon: We went shopping for sweets together one time and bought scrunchies from a knick-knacks shop on the way back, too.
Eve: I still wear that scrunchie very often. It's a precious memory of a fun time we spent together.
Kanon: ... Thinking back on it all, it's probably only because I came here for club occasionally that I got to talk with you so much, Eve-chan.
Kanon: It's so relaxing, being here... Because club was always fun...
Eve: Huh...? Just club...?
Kanon: ... Ah. Um... Just... pretend you didn't hear that...
Eve: ...
Kanon: Eve-chan... Is being in a band fun?
Eve: Yes! Of course it is!
Kanon: I see...
Kanon: Eve-chan, did I ever tell you...?
Eve: ... ?
Kanon: I tried learning how to drum because I thought it'd be fun to join a band someday, but I just couldn't ever get any better...
Kanon: So in the end, I gave up.
Kanon: Sometimes, I wonder... If I hadn't sold my snare back then... Would I have been able to laugh and smile so honestly, like you...?
Kanon: ... I wish I could have been in a band...
Kanon: ... But it's too late, now...
Eve: ... Is it really too late, though?
Kanon: Huh...?
Eve: I know that you always keep your stick case in your bag.
Eve: You may have sold your snare, but you have not completely given up yet! You still have the sticks, so that someday, no... one day, you will be ready to play again. Ready to be in a band.
Kanon: Eve-chan...
Eve: Matsubara-senpai. There's no such thing as being too late to start something. As long as you don't give up, you can always try again!
Eve: And there is definitely no such thing as wasted time! All of the time you spent struggling in the past surely only means that you can cherish the future even more.
Eve: So why not try beginning today? Your true high school life.
Kanon: ...
Kanon: (To think that there's someone out there who'd give such a passionate pep talk to a person like me, who has nothing going for them...)
Kanon: (And yet I... I...)
Kanon: W-well... I've got to go...!
Eve: Matsubara-senpai...?! Where are you...?
Kanon: Thanks, Eve-chan...!
