event196-01 Opening: Very Accurate Fortunetelling

While at Hazawa Coffee, Kanon hears about an accurate fortuneteller from Eve...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kanon: So that's when Kokoro-chan said, "Then let's go to the North Pole!"...
Chisato: The North Pole...? Well, it is summer vacation. That might actually be nice.
Kanon: B-but, we still have to go to school on some days...
Chisato: Fufu, I'm just kidding. In any case, Hello, Happy World! certainly seems to always be up to something fun.
Kanon: Yeah. There's all sorts of things we do that I'd never be able to try on my own...
Chisato: Did you try anything new this summer break?
Kanon: Well actually, I'm trying to write a new song for the band right now.
Chisato: Oh, really? That's wonderful. So? How is it going?
Kanon: It's... harder than I thought it would be. Especially the lyrics... I just can't seem to find the right words to fit. I always end up taking breaks for tea or something.
Chisato: That's not surprising, considering it's your first time. I'd say there's no need to rush. Just work at your own pace.
Kanon: When I'm looking online for resources, too, I end up just watching videos instead... Oh, that reminds me, I saw yesterday's All Fun and Games.
Chisato: Thank you. How was it?
Kanon: That fortunetelling segment was incredible. Seeing that fortuneteller read all your fortunes and Aya-chan saying, "Our futures are all so bright!" was really sweet, too.
Chisato: Fufu. In the end,  they're just fortunes, but... it would be nice if they were to come true.
Eve: Sorry for the wait. One black tea, one lemon tea, and our seasonal tarts!
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan. Maybe you should put away your score now, Kanon. It's important to you, isn't it?
Kanon: Ah, yeah...! You're right, it'd be bad if I spilled anything on it.
Eve: The two of you seem to be having a lot of fun. What are you talking about?
Chisato: Yesterday's All Fun and Games, actually. Kanon was talking about how she thought the fortuneteller was incredible.
Eve: Oh! Yes, that was truly incredible! If all of those fortunes are actually going to come true, then we are not far from the day that Pastel＊Palettes takes over the country!
Chisato: I understand how you feel, but getting complacent because of a fortune will only lead to letting that bright future slip away.
Eve: Yes! I will continue striving to improve myself! Oh, that is right, speaking of fortunes... I have heard that there is a fortuneteller at a nearby theme park whose fortunes are very accurate.
Kanon: Oh, you're talking about that park that Roselia visited before, right?
Eve: Yes. There is a rumor going around our customers that this fortuneteller's predictions all come true... Would you be interested in going?
Chisato: That's perfect, actually. Eve-chan and I happen to have tomorrow off. What do you think, Kanon? It would be a nice break from your songwriting, and it might even serve as inspiration, too.
Kanon: Yes, I'd love to go!
Kaoru: Oh, my... I seem to have stumbled upon quite the most impassioned of conversations. Were you all perchance speaking of me?
Chisato: It was a discussion about fortunetelling, thank you. Not you.
Eve: We were talking about going to a theme park tomorrow to have our fortunes told!
Kanon: Yeah. And that it might help give me a hint or two for my songwriting.
Kaoru: I see... True, garnering inspiration through the appreciation of entertainment is quite important, yes.
Kaoru: If that is the case, then allow me to escort my little kittens tomorrow so that you may enjoy yourselves to your hearts' content. No need to be modest; as a prince, this is but my duty.
Chisato: ... Goodness. I don't think anyone said a thing about inviting you to come along, but fine. We can all go together.
Eve: Okay! I am looking forward to tomorrow very much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Theme Park - Grounds]

Eve: We have arrived! What a wonderful park!
Kanon: Cobblestone pavement, brick houses... It's like we're actually in a fantasy world.
Eve: Look, there are people with cat ears and people wearing medieval armor walking around! Oh, there is even a cast member with a lizard tail over there!
Kaoru: Ahh, inspiration bubbles forth within me like a fountain, ready to burst. Pray tell, Kanon. Have any wonderful phrases, be they musical or lyrical, sprung to mind?
Kanon: N-no... Not yet, but... this place is so different from Hanasakigawa Smile Land... I get the feeling I can come up with something really good here...!
Chisato: Fufu. Well then, why don't we get started with the fortunetelling? Where do we need to go?
Eve: According to the pamphlet, there are multiple places, actually. But there are not any specific locations listed...
Kanon: Ah, look here. It says, "Ask cast members walking around the park. The fortuneteller will change depending on who you ask!"
Chisato: I see... So finding the fortuneteller in and of itself has been made into a game of sorts, then.
Kanon: Yeah. For example, it says here that if you want to meet the fortuneteller of the "Sanctuary," you must ask, "A fanged, blonde maid."
Chisato: A blonde maid... with fangs...?
Eve: I wonder where they could be... This park is very large. Searching it from corner to corner would take all day...
Kanon: Hmm~... Oh, look over there. On top of that hill.
Kaoru: That is... quite the magnificent mansion. It is as if we are gazing upon a castle from the middle ages.
Kanon: Yeah. With a mansion that big, there might be maids working there, don't you think?
Eve: I see... That is a wonderful idea!
Chisato: Fufu. Good work, Kanon. Now then, let's get moving.
