event196-03 Chapter 2: What Was Foretold Approaches

The fortuneteller speaks to Kanon about what is coming...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Fortune Teller: ... Your fortune... Do you really want to hear it?
Kanon: Um... Well...
Chisato: Excuse me, could you please not try and say that in such an unnerving way...?
Fortune Teller: Ah, my apologies. Still, whether you want to hear this fortune is up to you, miss.
Fortune Teller: So? What will you do? Learn your fate so that you may face it...? Or would you rather instead entrust yourself to it, oblivious to what is to come...?
Kanon: ... I... I want to hear it...!
Kanon: Instead of being scared and unsure, if there's anything I can do... I want to know! I... don't want to run away from it...!
Fortune Teller: ... I see... Then calm yourself and listen closely.
Kanon: ...
Fortune Teller: In the near future... You shall lose something very precious to you.
Kanon: Huh...?
Chisato: Something... precious...?
Fortune Teller: Oh, don't look so afraid. Here, have a sip of tea. It will help settle your nerves.
Kanon: Th-thank you... Phew...
Eve: So... When you say "something precious," what does that...?
Fortune Teller: Well, I can't tell you that, can I? We all have different things that are precious to us. But I can tell you that what is to be lost is something very important to you. That much is sure.
Kanon: Important to me...
Fortune Teller: Understand this: To avoid this future, you must confront a future that might have been.
Kanon: A future... that might have been?
Fortune Teller: Don't worry. I'm quite confident you're capable of overcoming this trial. Ah, and though it's not much of an apology for frightening you, you may have these tea leaves as a present.
Fortune Teller: Whenever you become so unsure of yourself that it becomes hard to bear, drink the tea made from these leaves. It will calm your heart and raise your spirits.
Kanon: Th-thank you very much...!
Fortune Teller: Fufu... I expect great things from you.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ruins]

Eve: That fortuneteller was amazing...
Kaoru: Indeed, a most powerful performance. She was steeped in equal parts mystery and unease... It was almost as if we were conversing with a genuine witch.
Kanon: ... So I'm supposed to lose something important to me...
Chisato: You shouldn't worry about it too much, Kanon. It's just a fortune, in the end.
Kaoru: Yes. Besides, I cannot fathom the goddess of fate having such a unfleeting future in store for a lovely kitten such as you.
Kanon: But... She got so much right about our pasts... So wouldn't she get the future right, too...?
Eve: Do not worry! Any sort of bad things that might happen to you, I will fight off! Like this, hiyah!
Kanon: Ahaha... Thanks, Eve-chan. That makes me feel a little better.
Kanon: (Hm... Worrying about it will make everyone else worry, too. I guess I'll just try not to think about it...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Tea Room]

Kanon: Hmmm...
Eve: Ah! Kanon-san!
Kanon: Hi, Eve-chan. Do you not have work today?
Eve: Yes! What are you doing...? Oh? That score, is that...?
Kanon: Yeah. I was working on my song before club starts. I thought maybe the change in place might be a good change of pace.
Eve: Oh, now that you mention it... You also brought that score here to the clubroom the other day as well.
Kanon: Yeah. I've been keeping it in my stick case so that I'll always have it close to me if I ever come up with anything.
Eve: I see... As long as you always keep it close, there is no reason to worry about losing it!
Kanon: Yeah. And look at this, see? There's actually a space in my case that fits the score perfectly, too.
Eve: Wow! You are right! But from what I can see, there are very many sheets there... Are you almost finished?
Kanon: Well~... Actually, I haven't been able to take my mind off of that fortune from yesterday, so it's been kind of hard to concentrate...
Eve: I see... I do not know much about songwriting, so I cannot give very good advice...
Kanon: This is the first time I've ever tried turning the feelings I have for Hello, Happy World! into a song, so... I want to make it special. A song that everyone would love, but...
Eve: Do not worry! You have put your whole heart into this song, so I am sure that your bandmates will love it!
Eve: If there is anything I can do, please tell me! I will lend you my aid!
Kanon: Sure... Thanks, Eve-chan.
Eve: Ah... I am getting a call from one of the staff members at the agency... Did something happen...?
Eve: Hello? ... Now? I see... What?! Really?!
Kanon: ...?
Eve: Yes... I see...! Thank you very much! I will keep doing my best!
Kanon: Did something happen, Eve-chan?
Eve: It turns out... My radio show is doing well, so they told me I am going to get a one-hour special!
Kanon: Your radio show? You mean, "All Day＊Bushido"...?
Eve: Yes, that is the one!
Kanon: Wow...! That's incredible! Congratulations!
Eve: Thank you! Ah...!
Kanon: ... ?
Eve: Could this be...? That fortune...
Kanon: Oh...! That's right, she said that your beliefs would bear fruit...
Eve: She must have been talking about this, right...?
Kanon: That has to be it...!
Eve: I am so glad... that I worked so hard...!
Kanon: I'm really happy for you, Eve-chan. Oh, that's right, you should let Aya-chan and the others know. I know they'll be happy to hear the news, too.
Eve: Yes! A special broadcast... I am nervous, but... my name is Eve Wakamiya, and I shall carry out any duty entrusted to me!
Kanon: Fufu. Good luck, Eve-chan. I'm cheering for you.
Eve: Thank you very much! I will give it my all!
