band2-027 Chapter 7: The World Beyond the Roof

Ran changes while they stay the same. What can they do to keep up with Ran...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Himari: Maybe... we shouldn't have practice today?
Tsugumi: Yeah... maybe not.
Himari: ...
Tsugumi: .. Are you alright, Himari-chan?
Himari: I can't say that I am... Ehehe. I... finally realized something after what Ran said.
Himari: I had thought that with all the things we were doing as Afterglow that I was growing as a person.
Himari: But that actually wasn't true. Ran was the only one moving forward... Meanwhile, I was stuck in the same old place being the same old Himari.
Himari: ...
Tomoe: Himari...
Tomoe: I'm pretty much in the same boat. I thought I understood Ran and everything she was going through, but I didn't.
Tomoe: At some point, I must have stopped moving forward, as did my view of her. Both are frozen in time, and I didn't even realize it.
Tomoe: Ran fought and fought, just so that the band could keep going. She faced her problems head-on. She changed herself so that everything else could continue to be the same... But what have I done?
Tsugumi: Huh...?
Tomoe: What exactly have I been able to do for the band?
Tsugumi: We supported Ran-chan and gave her the push she needed... At least, that was the idea...
Tomoe: Yeah, we all lent her our strength, but in the end, she was the only one who had to struggle through hard times. We encouraged her to change... and we just looked on.
Tomoe: But we hardly saw what was happening, both to Ran and to ourselves...
Tomoe: There's no way Ran's lyrics would have ever been able to reach me...
Himari: I wanna apologize to her... For real this time...
Tomoe: That's something we can do very easily. I feel like what's happening right now is much bigger than that though.
Tomoe: If we wanna get closer to her lyrics, then we... we have to change too. No doubt about it.
Himari: But how?
Tomoe: I'm not sure... We're still at the point where we have to figure that out.
Tsugumi: W-well...! This is something we need to do if we want to stay together. I'll have to do everything I can.
Himari: And I will too. I'm not exactly sure what I'm supposed to do or how I'm supposed to do it, but...
Himari: I'll try my hardest to catch up to Ran. I mean, Afterglow is gonna be together forever, right?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Ran: ...
Ran: (What is wrong with you?)
Ran: (And you said you changed? How? Can you really say that when you're crying and storming out like that?)
Ran: ... So stupid.
Moca: Ah...
Moca: Ran...?
Ran: Moca...
Moca: ...
Moca: I'm sorry, Ran.
Ran: Huh...?
Moca: I'm really sorry.
Ran: With that temper tantrum I threw, and the way I ran out... I guess I haven't changed at all, huh?
Ran: I tried to because I wanted us all to stay together, but when it comes down to it, I'm still the same person on the inside.
Moca: No, you have changed. And you've reached a place we don't even know about yet.
Ran: What...?
Moca: You may not have realized it, but with all those things you're doing, like trying your best to make everything work out at home... That has opened your eyes to parts of the world that we're probably unaware of...
Moca: You can see things that we're still blind to.
Moca: Ah...! B-but that's not to say you're in the wrong here. It just means that the rest of us have spent a lot of time being unable to pull ourselves away from that roof.
Moca: ... This isn't your fault, Ran.
Ran: ...
Ran: I don't even know where this place that I reached is. And now I have no idea what the rest of you can see.
Ran: If this was how things were gonna end up... then maybe it would have been better if I didn't change...
Moca: That's... not true... No, you're wrong!
Ran: But I don't understand you guys anymore! Nnn... Ngh...
Moca: Ah... S-sorry. But hey-...
Ran: Ahhh... Nnn...
Moca: ... I'm sorry, Ran.
