band2-025 Chapter 5: Same as Always?

Ran wonders why the other's didn't feel the same about the song. Moca comes to find her...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: ...
Ran: (What is it that's keeping the others from understanding the lyrics?)
Ran: (I just wrote them how I usually do. They were the same as always...)
Moca: Guess who~...
Ran: Huh?
Moca: C'mon~. I told you to guess 'who'. There's no way 'huh' could be the right answer~.
Ran: Okay, but you didn't even cover my eyes. Who says that when they're just gonna show themselves from the start?
Moca: Heh heh~. Oh, don't be like that~.
Ran: Can I help you?
Moca: Nuh-uh, not especially.  Oh, did you tell Papa Ran about the show?
Ran: Nope. Actually, I never tell him, but somehow, he always shows up. How? ... Someone must be leaking him the info...
Moca: Who could it be~? Hii-chan would be our best guess, no?
Ran: I wish she would cut it out. And now, all of his other students know I'm in a band too.
Ran: And when I asked them how they know, they said my dad told them. Seriously, why does he do that? I don't see the point, and I didn't ask him to share my business.
Moca: Ohhh~, we should invite all of them to our next show then~.
Ran: That's the exact opposite of what I just said I wanted!
Moca: Don't say that~. They might even send over flowers to the venue, you know~.
Ran: Please stop. The band is one thing, and flower arranging is another. They should be separate.
Moca: ... Up until recently, we were the only ones you were spending time with.
Ran: Did you say something?
Moca: It's nothing. Just talking to myself~. I was saying how you have gloriously spread your wings and flown into the flower-arrangement world.
Ran: ... What? It's definitely not as serious as you make it sound.
Moca: Well~, I don't know about that~. It seems like a pretty big deal to us. Anyway, Ran, have you been thinking of new lyrics?
Ran: Yeah, kinda. Nothing's really coming to mind though. I wonder what the problem is with the first ones.
Moca: What, indeed~. Isn't the afternoon a bad time to be trying to come up with lyrics though? You won't come up with anything. Pretty sure you wanna stick with the evening.
Ran: Huh...
Moca: Being showered in the sunlight leaves you all warm and fuzzy, and then you get drowsy. I really don't think it's a good time for writing a song~.
Moca: And with that, I sleep. Wake me up in 20~.
Ran: Ah, hold on! ... Sigh, fine, whatever.
Moca: (She's been putting so much time into flower arranging. That's something of note to us, but right now, it just seems normal to Ran.)
Moca: Night~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Studio]

Tsugumi: Ran-chan, how are the lyrics coming along?
Ran: I think I need more time. Sorry.
Himari: It's not often that it takes this long for you to put them together. Did something happen recently, Ran? You've been so busy. Maybe you're not feeling well, or something like that...?
Ran: Nah, I'm fine.
Tomoe: Are you sure?
Ran: Yes. I just said nothing is wrong.
Tomoe: If something comes up, let us know right away, okay? We wanna be there to help you too, you know?
Ran: Seriously, I'm okay.
Himari: B-but-
Moca: I know writing lyrics is hard and all, but you guys are making it sound like this is all Ran's fault. That's not right, is it?
Tsugumi: Th-that's true... We're sorry, Ran-chan.
Ran: Don't worry about it...
Tsugumi: How about we practice our other songs again today?! There are some parts I wanted to focus on.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, can I ask you to join us?
Ran: Sure...
Tomoe: Something's... not right. This feels weird...
Himari: Yeah... Is this still our "same as always"?
