band2-030 Chapter 10: The Same Sunset

Himari is panicking because she can't decipher Ran's lyrics. Seeing this, Tomoe makes a suggestion.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Ran: ...
Ran: ("I have something to tell you all. Come to the roof.")
Ran: (... Nah. I just can't come up with the right words. What am I supposed to do?)
Ran: Sigh... Here I am wasting time, yet again...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Himari: Tomoe~, ready to go~?
Tomoe: Where are Moca and Tsugu?
Himari: ... Not sure. I guess Tsugu has student-council stuff.
Tomoe: What about Ran?
Himari: ... I don't know.
Tomoe: You don't, huh? Yeah, I don't know about her either.
Himari: I've read her lyrics over and over, but no matter how many times I go through them, I don't understand them like I used to.
Himari: I just keep feeling unsure about what to say and what to do, and it gets me worked up and I start to freak out...
Himari: What are we supposed to do, Tomoe? At this rate, Ran will become a complete mystery to us, and the band... will start to fall apart...
Himari: If only I had kept what I said to myself...
Tomoe: ... Himari...
Tomoe: Wanna go to the roof?
Himari: Huh...?
Tomoe: You know, 'cause the sunset's lookin' nice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe: Man, watching the sun go down from here is always the best, don't you think?
Himari: Yeah. It is.
Tomoe: ... Hey...
Tomoe: It's always sunsets with us, isn't it?
Himari: M-mhm...
Tomoe: Yep. No doubt about it.
Himari: Tomoe...?
Tomoe: Ever since we formed the band... Actually, no. Before that even. We've seen so many of them, and they were all moments to be treasured.
Tomoe: Along the way, while experiencing so many different things together, we came to realize how great the night sky can be too. No sun, no sunset... But you know what? This view right here is my favorite.
Tomoe: ... I wonder if Ran still enjoys the sunset.
Himari: Wh-what are you talking about? Why would you say that...?
Tomoe: Check this out.
Himari: One of the photos... from Inoshima? It's the one Ran took. She used the monochrome filter, even though she was taking a picture of the sunset.
Tomoe: Right. It came up when I was looking over our photos in the chat. It's the only one she's ever uploaded... Do you think this is what she sees when she looks at the sunset?
Himari: Huh...?
(White cut)
Tomoe: I'm... afraid...
Tomoe: When I look at us now, I wonder if we all see the same thing when we gaze at the sky. I wonder if Ran... if you all like to watch the sun set...
Tomoe: What if everything just keeps changing...?
Himari: T-Tomoe! Don't talk like that! That's not gonna happen! I'm sure of it!
Tomoe: But look! We've been friends for so... so long, and now we can't understand each other?! How are we supposed to deal with something like that?!
Tomoe: I can't stand to go through this kind of change... It's just too scary for me.
Himari: Then don't! You don't have to!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Himari...?
Himari: If you don't wanna change, just stay the way you are!
Himari: This is the same as when you decided you wanted to keep being Ako-chan's version of cool. You can stay the same and continue loving the sunset the way you do.
Himari: Besides... I don't think this is what change means.
Tomoe: What do you mean by 'this'?
Himari: I mean if there are things you don't plan on changing, then there's no need to force them to! That's the whole reason why Ran is doing what she's doing! Isn't that what she said?
Himari: So, basically... y-you know what I'm trying to say, I think...
Tomoe: Pft... Ahaha!
Himari: St-stop laughing~!
Tomoe: Sorry, my bad! Thanks, Himari! You're right though. We can't go changing the important stuff.
Tomoe: Not if we wanna continue being together. Yeah... That sounds right.
Himari: Hey, Tomoe! Let's get everyone up here!
Tomoe: Y-you mean now?!
Himari: C'mon! Do you see how pretty this sunset is? No one should be allowed to miss this!
Tomoe: B-but... it looks like Ran is busy with one of her flower-arrangement meetings...
Himari: Ugh~!! Whatever! Just call them up here already! It'll be pointless if you're not the one to do it~!!
Tomoe: F-fine, fine! Alright...
Tomoe: "SOS! Everyone to the roof!"
