band2-021 Chapter 1: Burnet

Afterglow heads home after rehearsal at the studio. Ran stops in front of the flower shop.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Tomoe: Cool, that seems like a good place to stop. Why don't we call it a day?
Himari: Great work today, you guys!
Tsugumi: You too! ... Ah, Ran-chan, I just remembered something.
Ran: Hm? What is it?
Tsugumi: I was downtown the other day and ran into your father. He said his schedule has been too tight to come to our concerts recently. He was pretty sad about it.
Ran: He's kinda had his hands full with flower-arrangement meetings... Not that it matters! He doesn't have to come to everything!
Tomoe: Haha... You could say your dad coming to our shows is something that's the "same as always."
Ran: I wish we couldn't.
Moca: Hello~, put some pep in your step, guys~. If we don't clean up faster, Yamabuki Bakery's gonna close~.
Himari: You sure don't change, Moca. Just relax, there's no reason for us to rush. It'll be fine.
Moca: A second saved is a second earned, and I wanna use my seconds to choose which buns I want~.
Tomoe: I guess we're doing this. Alright, guys, hustle.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Tsugumi: I bet you're happy now that you bought your bread, Moca-chan.
Moca: And I couldn't have done it without you all~. Thank you~.
Himari: Are you actually planning to eat all of those by yourself though?
Moca: Yes ma'am~. I'll have some after dinner, some for breakfast tomorrow, some before noon, and some after school.
Tomoe: That still doesn't seem like it adds up...
Ran: Ah...
Tsugumi: Something wrong, Ran-chan?
Ran: Sorry, do you guys mind if we stop at this flower shop?
(Black cut)
Himari: Mmm, smells nice♪ They're all so adorable.
Tomoe: Which one did you wanna look at, Ran?
(White cut)
Ran: Here... This one.
Moca: That's pretty funny looking~. It doesn't really say "flower," you know?
Ran: Either way, it's still a type of rose.
Tsugumi: Oh~! Interesting~. What's it called?
Ran: It's known as a great burnet.
Ran: It'd be pretty tough to make it the centerpiece of your arrangement, but its dark color can help accentuate parts of it. Just using it can help bring out the mood you're going for. I really like this one.
Himari: Yeah, it does seem like the only thing you'd need to create something more mature!
Tsugumi: This is my first time hearing about this flower. Of course you'd be able to tell us about it, Ran-chan.
Ran: I-I mean... that's what happens when you spend more time with flowers than the average person...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Once upon a time, you used to avoid them more than the average person.
Himari: Hey~! You shouldn't say stuff like that, Moca!
Tsugumi: I love hearing you talk about them, Ran-chan! Could you tell me about some other ones?!
Ran: That's fine with me...
Himari: Fufu. You've really changed, Ran~.
Tomoe: Yup. Stopping by a flower shop, telling us about your dad... There's no way you would have done that stuff before.
Ran: S-so what?! It's not a problem, is it?! Now stop talking about it...
Moca: Oh~, Ran's getting blushy~.
Himari: Fufu! Now this is the Ran I know♪
Tomoe: That's one thing about you that stays the same~.
Ran: Himari! Tomoe! Shut up already!
Himari & Tomoe: Ahahahaha.
