band2-029 Chapter 9: Even if You Don't Know

Tsugumi is concerned because Ran won't answer her message. Eve and the others reach out to her...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Let's see... "Great burnet, language of flowers"... Enter.
Tsugumi: Hmmm... "The flower represents change, transitions, as well as the aspirations of tomorrow"...
Tsugumi: (Very... fitting for Ran-chan.)
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: (She still hasn't answered my message... Maybe my understanding of the lyrics was incorrect after all...)
Tsugumi: Sigh...
Chisato: What happened, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: Huh?! W-with what?!
Kanon: You've been doing a lot of sighing. Is something bothering you...?
Tsugumi: W-well... not really...
Eve: Tsugumi-san! Please tell us if something is wrong! I would like to be of assistance!
Tsugumi: Uhm, it's just... Okay, I suppose now is a good time since there aren't too many customers. So...
(Black cut)
Chisato: Alright... so you don't understand the lyrics Ran-chan wrote. She said she comes up with them by taking what you all have felt and putting that into words, correct?
Kanon: Which means you've become unable to understand what Ran-chan is thinking, right...? I can see why you would feel uneasy about that.
Tsugumi: Exactly. And that's what started this whole thing. Ever since, nothing seems to be going right. In fact, they're only getting worse...
Tsugumi: I've always had a lot of respect for Ran-chan, ever since we were little girls. Even as a kid, she held her own opinions. It was so cool how put together and tough she was...
Tsugumi: I've been trying to catch up to her ever since. But now... I feel like I'm losing sight of her... None of us can understand her lyrics... or her, for that matter...
Tsugumi: If things continue like this, we'll-...
Eve: Tsugumi-san, hold back your tears! As long as you all want Afterglow to stay together, it will be fine! Surely, it will not come to an end!
Eve: You mentioned that Ran-san has changed, but she still loves Afterglow, isn't that right?
Tsugumi: Y-yes... I think so.
Eve: Then all will be well! Don't you agree, Chisato-san?!
Chisato: Fufu. Certainly. That sentiment is surprisingly important.
Tsugumi: And I feel the same way she does!
Chisato: Back when your band provided ours with that song, I thought of Ran-chan as being extremely serious and quite strong... Even if she wasn't very open with her feelings.
Chisato: Once she makes a decision, she's determined to follow through. She has the ability to take something from her struggles, and she can use her sensibility and intuition to make whatever it is a part of her.
Chisato: ... That's the type of girl I see her as. Would that be accurate?
Tsugumi: Yes, I think you're right. With every challenge, she learns something new, and she takes that and turns it into lyrics or music... She's so amazing!
Chisato: If she's been putting forward a genuine effort toward her flower-arranging activities, then it's possible that she's picked up a new perspective or source of motivation along the way.
Tsugumi: That could be...! I... was actually just looking up some information about this flower that Ran-chan likes!
Tsugumi: I thought that, maybe, if I come to understand the things that are near and dear to her... I'd have a better chance of catching up to her.
Chisato: Fufu, that makes sense. On the other hand, if you all become Ran-chan, could you still say that you're Afterglow?
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... Good point. Either way, you all have given me advice that'll help me figure her out. Thank you so much.
Kanon: Good luck, Tsugumi-chan! And sorry I couldn't come up with anything too useful...
Tsugumi: But this was useful! Just by having someone listen, I was able to sort out my thoughts a little bit!
Tsugumi: The five of us have been friends since we were kids, so I haven't had many chances to talk to people outside of our little circle.
Tsugumi: That's why... I'm happy to have someone else who will sit and listen to what I have to say♪
Kanon: I know that feeling all too well. I think it's thanks to Hello, Happy World! that my horizons were broadened... And that's how I was able to become friends with you and the others, Tsugumi-chan.
Tsugumi: It's possible that being able to talk with you all like this is what change looks like for me!
Tsugumi: I think... I just realized something huge!
Chisato: Fufu, that's a pleased face if I've ever seen one.
Eve: Stay strong, Tsugumi-san!
Tsugumi: Mhm! I'll try! Thank you, Eve-chan!
Tsugumi: (Ran-chan, I'm almost there! Just a little further... and we may be looking at the same sky, once again.)
Tsugumi: (Please... Give me a little more time!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Ran: ...
Ran: (I can't come up with anything. I don't understand anything, so I can't write anything.)
Ran: Sigh...
Hina: Look who it is! Hello~, Ran-chan~!
Ran: H-Hina-san?!
Hina: Whatcha doin'? Oh, are these new lyrics? Lemme see~!
Ran: Ah, h-hey...!
(Black cut)
Hina: Hmm~... So, uhhh, what does it mean?
Ran: Huh...?
Hina: I don't get it. They seem cool, sure, but that's about all I'm getting from them.
Ran: ... I don't even know.
Hina: What?
Ran: Pretty much no one gets what they're supposed to mean. That's why I'm having trouble in the first place...
Hina: Why don't you know?
Ran: That's what I'm trying to tell you! I don't know!
Hina: Hmm, I see.
Hina: You know though, I find things that I don't understand to be super interesting!
Ran: ... Well, I don't. They always come with more than their fair share of pain.
Hina: I always have people telling me that they don't get me. The girls in Pastel＊Palettes are different though.
Hina: Whenever something stumps me, we all think about it together. And they even do their best to understand me. That's why I love them so much!
Hina: When something is a mystery to me, I get enjoyment out of it. Still, my love for my band members is even stronger than that! If anything comes up and confuses me, they help me work through it!
Ran: Together...
Ran: So you mean-
Hina: Ah! I have a job I have to do for Pastel＊Palettes now! Gotta go! See ya, Ran-chan!
Ran: Wha- Wait! Hina-san!
Ran: Think together... huh?
Ran: (The unknown has been unsettling. It makes me feel very sad and lonely, but... these feelings are nothing but a waste of time.)
Ran: (If I feel lonely, I just have to do something to change that. We can... think together.)
Ran: (We should all have time for that... right?)
