band2-035 Chapter 15: The Sky We See

Ran thinks of an image for the lyrics by watching the sky. The new song is created, and the show is starting...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Himari: ... Okay, so the baseline for this section should be like this...
Tsugumi: Yeah, that seems good.
Ran: Nnn...
Moca: Ran, good morning~.
Ran: Hm...? What? It's already the afternoon...
Tomoe: We saw the lyrics! These are crazy good!
Himari: The sunrise is the beginning, there's a sunset, and things continue into the night... They're just bursting with the feeling of our new "same as always"!
Tsugumi: And that just made us want to start arranging. So we were talking about it.
Ran: Oh, okay. Good... I'm glad I could write something that we can perform together.
Tomoe: And it looks like our new song will be ready in time for the show. Good news all around. Let's rock that concert!
Himari: Mhm, yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Day of the Show]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Himari: Our turn is coming up, right? Mmm, I'm so excited!
Tomoe: It's nice that we were able to find a good event that still had an open spot.
Moca: Yep. And we have this new song to go with it. This is gonna be a Mocatastic show~.
Ran: The color of the sky we all hold so dear is in every part of this set list.
Tsugumi: Mhm. The sunset, the night sky... and finally, the sunrise! And they're all something we've seen together.
Ran: Nice job thinking this up, Moca.
Moca: Hehe~. Oh, I know~.
Staff: Start heading to the stage, please~.
Himari: It's time!!
Ran: ... Alright, guys, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Ran: Now, for our opening song: Scarlet Sky.
Ran: ...♪
(Black cut)
Tomoe: Let's keep this thing going with Y.O.L.O!!!!!
(Black cut)
Ran: Thank you all for sticking with us.
Ran: The next song is our last, and it's a new one.
Ran: Our skies will always be connected. That's what "the same as always" means.
Ran: This is Tied to the Skies.
(White cut)
Moca: (I always knew being with all of you is what made me the happiest! And so, I've decided. I'll continue to chase after Ran, no regrets. This is the path I've chosen.)
Moca: (This song will finish, the night will end, and the sun will rise. Our new "same as always" will begin. Thanks for everything, you guys. I hope you'll all continue being there for me.)
(White cut)
Himari: (We've never been more in tune with each other than we are now. I can tell! We're all finally looking at the same sky. Ohhh... I think I might cry~!)
Himari: (I wanna remember and treasure this view! That's something I have to do as the leader of Afterglow! You guys, we're gonna be together for a long time to come, you hear?!)
(White cut)
Tomoe: (We're watching Ran walk beyond our reach. She writes lyrics beyond our understanding... It all made me feel uneasy at first. But now... I'm not afraid at all! I have no reason to be...)
Tomoe: (Not when the entire sky is tied together by the glow of the sunset... There's nothing to be nervous about when I think about it that way. As long as this sky is above us, there's no tearing us apart!)
(White cut)
Tsugumi: (Ever since we started this band... I've had a view of everyone's back. I've continued to chase you all so that I could keep up...)
Tsugumi: (That's how I know that when I watch you all right now, this is the coolest you've ever looked and the brightest you've ever shone! And I hope you guys don't mind, but I'm going to keep on chasing you all for as long as I can!)
(White cut)
Ran: (I wanna keep singing! I wanna keep performing! I'm standing here today because you all create the sound that pushes me forward.)
Ran: (Even before we started the band... you guys have given me the encouragement and the support I've needed... I don't even know if I can do anything on my own...)
Ran: (But I want us to be together forever... And that's why I will accept your help and use it to keep moving forward. So please...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: (Put your trust in me, and follow my lead!!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Tomoe: Phew...! Nicely done, guys! That show was amazing!
Himari: Wahhh... Ahhh~! Ran~!!
Ran: Whoa! H-Himari! No surprise hugs!
Himari: But, Ran~... The way you were singing up there. You were so cool... Actually, everybody was...
Himari: I was thinking about how happy I am to be able to call you all my childhood friends...
Moca: Hii-chan~, you're making this a way bigger deal than it is~.
Tsugumi: I agree with her though. And I could see you all from where I was, so I know. Everyone was the coolest they've ever been!
Ran: I know Himari's always exaggerating, but... I really was thinking about how happy I am to have been friends with you guys for so long.
Ran: I am who I am now because you've all been there for me. When I think about that, it makes me want us to be together for as long as we can. I mean, I guess you can say...
Ran: ... Ah...
Moca: You can say what~? Go on~.
Ran: Nothing! I know you're just gonna make fun of me, so that's all you get.
Tomoe: Moca, c'mon. You can't do that, dude. Don't you know you have to wait until she's done to tease her~? Ahaha.
Ran: Shut it!
Himari: Fufu, this is the Ran I wanna see. Never change!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I think I might have to agree.
Ran: You too, Tsugumi?! Seriously, you know what?
Ran: You guys are the worst, I swear!
