band2-024 Chapter 4: Dark Clouds All Around

The members of Afterglow have trouble making their new song. It's a first-time experience, and little by little, they begin to worry...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Himari: Hmm~... So maybe the bass part should be like this?
Tomoe: No, no, then it won't sound right when you and Moca play together.
Himari: Oh. Hmm... It's no good! I can't think of anything that works!
Tsugumi: We haven't made much progress with the arrangement, have we...?
Ran: Doing it without the lyrics is pretty tough, huh...? Sorry.
Himari: No, that's not it!
Tomoe: When I read the lyrics, I kinda got a sad vibe from them. The melody is upbeat, but something just makes me feel blue... Like this part about the flowers blooming and falling being a cycle.
Tsugumi: I actually have a more optimistic view of that section. I can't explain why though...
Himari: What image were you going for when you wrote these, Ran?
Ran: I'm not sure how to answer that...  I wanted "the same as always," but... I can't really explain it.
Moca: The same as always you say~...? Now that's a hard one.
Himari: But if that were really the case, then we should be able to understand them, right? Hmm, I wonder why we're all reading them differently.
Ran: Sorry I can't say more. I'm gonna give writing them another go.
Tomoe: We can't thank you enough for doing this with your hectic schedule. Let's practice the songs we already have! We can also take another look at the arrangement.
Moca: Ehhh~, I've already got our old songs down perfectly though~.
Himari: Don't you start that again! We have to practice hard for our next show.
Tsugumi: Speaking of that, have you found any good ones, Himari-chan?
Himari: ... Ah...
Tsugumi: H-Himari-chan... Did you forget...?
Himari: I-I'm still looking! I just need a bit more time! Yeah~, you might think it just comes down to searching online, but it's actually pretty tough finding one!
Tsugumi: Th-thanks for always taking care of that! I'd be happy to give you a hand. Just let me know if there's anything I can do.
Moca: I sure hope there's a nice concert out there for us to be part of, Hii-chan~.
Himari: Ngh... I'll look as hard as I can.
Tomoe: Haha. Cool, then let's get to practicing some songs. What should we start with?
Ran: ...
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: ... Yep, looks like it's all cleaned up. Shall we head home?
Tomoe: Nice work today, guys! I'm kinda hungry now. Y'all up for grabbing a bite?
Himari: I sure am!
Ran: I wanna get back to writing the lyrics, so... I'm gonna leave.
Himari: Oh, okay...
Ran: Sorry I can't spare more time for you guys. Feel free to eat without me though. See ya...
Himari: Ran...
Tomoe: I wonder if she's okay... Sounds like she's having a pretty hard time with those lyrics.
Himari: I hope it's not that she's dealing with something and keeping it to herself again... You know she likes to stay quiet about that kind of stuff.
Tomoe: Maybe we should just keep an eye out for now.
Himari: It's just that we've never been stumped when it comes to Ran's lyrics before. It makes me worry~...
Tomoe: You think she's going through something at home like last time...?
Moca: I wouldn't bet on that guess. In fact, judging from how she talks about flowers and stuff, sounds like things are going pretty well.
Tomoe: Good point...
Tsugumi: I want to try reading over the lyrics again! I think they're lovely, and I can tell how cool they are. I just can't say anything more than that...
Moca: If only we could see inside Ran's mind~.
Himari: Yeah...
