band2-022 Chapter 2: A New Song and a Show

It's been a while, but Ran and the others decide to have a show. It's decided that Ran will write a new song for it.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ran: Let's see... There's Tuesday and Thursday of next week...
Ran: And then...
Himari: Huh? Wow, Ran, you're already here?
Ran: I had a flower arrangement thing before this. I came after that was done, but I still ended up being a bit early.
Tomoe: Oh, okay. Hope you're not too tired yet.
Ran: You were all together?
Tsugumi: We actually just ran into each other. We still have some time before our rehearsal slot, right? I guess we can all just wait here.
Tomoe: What were you up to, Ran?
Ran: Just checking my schedule.  I have flower-arrangement meetings and stuff...
Himari: Ah... I see. Is it a bad time to have a show then?
Ran: A show? Did we have one planned?
Tsugumi: No, but we were just talking about it. The only thing we've been doing recently is playing in the studio, so we thought it might be a good time to have one.
Tomoe: And while we're at it, we thought it'd be cool to come up with a new song too. You seem kinda busy though.
Ran: Sorry... I still wanna have a performance. The new song is a good idea as well.
Moca: Welp, you heard the woman. Let's have ourselves a show with a new song. Of course, we'd have to figure out when we can have it.
Himari: Yeah, sounds like a plan! But don't push yourself too hard, okay, Ran? I'll put together everyone's schedule, so make sure you guys update your chat calendars!
Ran: Can't. Don't know how...
Moca: Ugh~, didn't someone teach you the last time~?
Ran: Yeah, Moca did, which means nothing was explained and I didn't learn jack... You show me how to do it.
Himari: The calendar's not the only thing you don't update, Ran! You never add anything to your photo album!!
Ran: You already know I don't take pictures.
Himari: W-well, yeah, but still~!
Ran: You're the one in charge of it anyway. Forget about that. I'm asking you if you can teach me how to use the calendar...
Himari: Oh... right! Sorry about that. Okay, so first...
(Black cut)
Himari: ... Then you just have to tap the "Confirm" button, and you're good to go!
Ran: Confirmed...
Tsugumi: Ah, there it is! Your calendar updated!
Moca: You leveled up, Ran-chan~♪
Tomoe: ... Whoa. That's a full schedule you got there.
Himari: Yeah! Wait, mine has less stuff on it than everyone else's...
Tsugumi: So you have a flower-arrangement study session. Good luck with that, Ran-chan!
Ran: Sorry...
Tomoe: It's all good. Not much we could've done. I mean, we only just started planning for the concert.
Ran: I won't be able to make it to any rehearsals next week, but I plan to write the music and the lyrics during my free time...
Moca: Okay, then we'll be practicing the songs we already have in the meantime~.
Tomoe: That's right! Can't wait to see what you come up with, Ran. Don't overdo it though, got it?
Ran: Got it. Thanks.
Moca: Hii-chan, you're not gonna do the thing?
Himari: Huh? Am I forgetting something?
Moca: You mean you don't know~? Whatever~, I'll guess we'll just skip it~.
Himari: Wait, what are you talking about?!
Tomoe: I think she means... You know...
Tsugumi: H-hey, hey, hoh~... No?
Himari: Ah!
Ran: Aw man~. And I was just in the mood to do it too.
Himari: What~?! You are totally lying~!
Moca: Boy, you really missed out, Hii-chan~.
Tomoe: Ahaha. That's too bad, Himari.
Himari: Hmph!!
Moca: Let's make this show a good one, Ran~.
Ran: You know we will.
