band2-033 Chapter 13: Our "Same as Always"

Ran and the others think about what their "same as always" is. What do they figure out by doing this...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Moca: So~? How will we be fixing the lyrics? What would be the best way to go about this?
Ran: The same as always... I guess?
Himari: Oh, okay~! ... What does that mean?
Tomoe: I think we should take some time... to think about what "the same as always" means to us now.
Himari: We can think about ourselves and the lyrics at the same time if we do that. Nice idea, Tomoe!
Tomoe: Hehe~, I know, right? I'm like some sort of genius.
Moca: Hii-chan, see what you did~. Look how large Tomo-chin's ego is getting.
Tomoe: C'mon, can't you let me have a big head now and then~?
Ran, Moca, Himari & Tsugumi: Ahaha!
Himari: Okay, let's start by thinking about what the phrase means to us!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi: Uhhh... Alright, if we put all of our thoughts together...
Tomoe: "The same as always" means to change...? But some things must stay the same... Ahhh! This isn't working. We're not on the same page.
Himari: This is hard...
Tsugumi: Maybe we should stop for today. It's getting dark, anyway...
Moca: Out of time, huh~? I don't know, I kinda feel like we're about to figure it out~...
Ran: Hey, tomorrow's a day off, right...? You guys wanna stay at my place?
Himari: What?! Is that okay?!
Ran: Well, I don't wanna end things on this note either. That's only if you guys want to though...
Moca, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: We do!
Moca: Wow~, I can't remember the last time I spent the night at Ran's house~. Ehehe~. Now to call my mama.
Himari: I'm gonna send my dad a message. This is so exciting~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence]

Ran's Dad: I see the whole gang is here. Please, make yourselves at home.
Moca: Okay~, I will~.
Ran's Dad: It's not much, but I've prepared some food. Ran, share with the others.
Ran: G-go! Leave us alone! We can take care of that stuff by ourselves! ... To my room, guys!
Tomoe: Ahaha. I guess that works. Thanks for having us.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Moca: Okay, so~? What is "the same as always"?
Himari: Hmm~... Good question.
Ran: I kinda saw this coming...
Tsugumi: It's hard to get the conversation rolling when you start to relax, isn't it...?
Tomoe: I mean, that's fine, no? This can be nice too, sometimes.
Ran: ... Sigh, sure, I guess.
Moca: Mmm~, the sandwiches Papa Ran bought for us are... tayshty~... He has my gratitude~.
Himari: This is a new one for him right? Getting us sandwiches.
Moca: I hope this becomes part  of our new "same as always."
Tomoe: If we think about it, a lot of new things have been added, haven't they?
Ran: Are you including that... thing... you do, too?
Moca: Nooo~...
Tomoe: Hey! Of course that's part of it!
Himari: Along with the fact that Ran's dad comes to all of our shows, right?!
Ran: C'mon, we don't need to add that!
Moca: How about me facing toward Yamabuki Bakery and bowing before our shows? Does that count~?
Tsugumi: You've been doing that?!
Ran: Tsugumi, you gotta learn not to believe everything Moca says.
Moca: Hehe~, maybe I'll make that a part of it.
Himari: Is there anything else that would be fitting for our new "same as always"? We might think of something if we say as many things as possible!
Tomoe: Agreed! Let's try it out... First thing's first. I want you guys to say that my 'thing' counts.
Moca: I guess if we have too~.
Tomoe: Haha, thanks. Cool, is there anything else?
Himari: Hmhmm~, I've got the perfect thing for a time like this♪
Ran: What's that?
Himari: Ta-da~! It's the group-chat album! Everyone's been uploading pictures, right? We might come up with something if we look at these.
Moca: Wow~.
Tsugumi: Amazing, Himari-chan!  That sounds like it'll be a big help!
Himari: Doesn't it? If we scroll to the beginning~... Ah! It goes all the way back to the first culture festival we took part in!
Ran: ... You're right. Man, that takes me back.
Tomoe: Whoa, we're all so young! Oh yeah, this is that time when Himari...
