band2-032 Chapter 12: The Road They Walk

Afterglow is able to restore their relationship. Ran has a proposal regarding the lyrics to the new song.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Lisa Imai)

[Residential Area]

[Walking Home]

Himari: Alrighty! Now, we just have to set our sights on our next concert and put in the work! I'll find us a good event and send the info to you guys. Make sure you look it over.
Moca: You make sure it's on one of our days off this time, okay~?
Himari: Of course I will! C'mon, a show during the afternoon on a weekday? Tell me, who did this?!
Moca: It was this girl~.
Himari: Ahaha... Sorry about that. I'll take a good look♪
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, you seem so happy.
Himari: Of course I am. I can finally get back to taking care of business as Himari, the leader of Afterglow.
Himari: I reserve our spot in concerts, schedule our time at the studio, and all sorts of things while Moca teases me... That's my "same as always."
Himari: And I will fulfill it so that the rest of you can keep yours going. That's my role as the head of the group!
Moca: You go, Captain Himari~!
Himari: Fufu~♪ That's right, keep it coming! Oh, that' right. Ran... what should we do about that new song?
Ran: Uhh, if you guys don't mind... Do you think we can come up with the lyrics together?
Tsugumi: Wow...! Yeah, I'd love to do that!
Himari: Me too... Although, I'm not sure how much help we'll be...
Ran: Those lyrics weren't created with the rest of you in mind. It's like I took off writing and blocked out everything that didn't have to do with me.
Ran: Please, forgive me... I feel like we're all on our way to "the same as always," though.
Ran: I wanna write these lyrics together.
Himari: Ran... Thank you! Yeah! The way things are now, I think the five of us can make the greatest lyrics ever!
Tsugumi: Mhm! I'll try my best!
Tomoe: Written by all of us, huh? ... Nice. Cool, now we just gotta find us a good concert.
Himari: I won't let you down~!
Himari: Let's see~... Ah, Tomoe! What do you think about this one?
Tomoe: Whoa! You already found one?! What do we have here...? Himari... This starts in the middle of the night.
Himari: What?! No way!
Tsugumi: A-ahaha... Looks like it takes place between two and five in the morning.
Himari: Y-you're right! Ngh... Sorry...
Tomoe: Ahaha. No biggie! 'Kay, how about I help you look? C'mon, there's gotta be something good.
Moca: ...
Ran: Moca, you've been really quiet. What's up?
Moca: Hmm... Being childhood friends sure is tough~.
Ran: It is?
Moca: Absolutely~. But at the same time, we wanna be together, so... it's even tougher.
Ran: Fufu... Ahaha. Moca, I have no idea what you're talking about.
Moca: I don't even know what I'm saying~.
Ran: The very relationship we all have is what makes us wanna spend time with one another despite how hard things get, no?
Moca: Hm... Sounds right.
Moca: We do all wanna be together, so yeah.
Ran: Right. Thanks for always being by my side.
Moca: You're so open with your feelings, Ran~.
Ran: Oh, shut up. You won't hear me say it ever again.
Moca: Aww~.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Lisa: But one thing is for sure: you're not the only one at fault. Ran was able to face what was ahead of her because you were there. I have no doubt about that.
Lisa: Ran wouldn't be who or where she is today if it wasn't for you four. I know it hurts to think about now, but I'm sure the day will come when you no longer believe that everything you've done was a mistake.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Moca: (I suppose... I haven't been making the wrong decisions then?)
Moca: (They were helpful to the others... and to Ran. That's nice to know.)
Moca: (Still... I don't know if I would say I'm by Ran's 'side' at the moment.)
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, Moca-chan! We found a good event. Take a look!
Ran: Hear that, Moca? C'mon.
Moca: Wait for me, Ran~. You're going too fast~.
