band2-034 Chapter 14: It's Connected

Everyone stays at Ran's house so they can write the lyrics together. After Himari's suggestion, they go to watch the sunrise...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Dawn]

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Himari: Fufu, this is when Tsugu said we should sit in the front! And then we all got soaking wet...
Tsugumi: ...
Himari: Oh, Tsugu. You look like you're about to doze off.
Tsugumi: ... Ah!! S-sorry...
Moca: Welp, it is already morning. The sun is making it's way up.
Tsugumi: I've just... never stayed up until... this time before... Yawn...
Himari: Mmm~! We got to talk about so many things!
Ran: Those conversations were all over the place though.
Moca: That's fine~. It was fun, right?
Himari: You guys, wanna go outside? The morning sun might be a nice way to freshen up our minds.
Tsugumi: Yeah, I think that could be good for me... Yawn.
(White cut)
Tsugumi: Wow~...!!
Himari: The colors are beautiful!!
Moca: Deep~. Very deeply moving.
Ran: Yeah...
Himari: I gotta get a picture!
Ran: The sunrise and sunset are pretty similar. ... I guess that's obvious though.
Tomoe: I was just thinking the same thing. The fact that it's becoming morning instead of night is kinda weird.
Ran: It'll become morning, then the afternoon will come along. The sunset will follow... as will the evening.
Moca: Once that passes, the sun will rise again, and it'll become morning~.
Tomoe: Everything's connected.
Ran: You might say our "same as always" is the same as the sky.
Himari: It is...? How so?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: We were just giving examples of our new "same as always," right? And there were way more things than we expected...
Ran: Without us realizing it, our "same as always" changed. I think it's like how the sky transforms little by little as time passes.
Tsugumi: Yeah! They are alike.
Ran: Day by day, our "same as always" slowly changed. We didn't realize it, and it was unsettling, but...
Tsugumi: The new "same as always" that we're seeing right now is the same for all of us, right?
Himari: Yep! I think so! It means that we change every day. But while we're doing that, we protect the parts that need to stay the same.
Himari: That's what we can do to make sure that we're together forever! Hey, we should make that into our lyrics!
Ran: I had the same thought. I wanna write the kind of lyrics... that will leave our new "same as always" etched within our hearts forever.
Himari: I have one more suggestion... Every type of sky has become important to us, right? Not only the ones during a sunset. So I think...
Himari: Maybe you should write something about how the color changes too. You know, like with the morning sun, or around night time? Obviously, I'm talking about sunsets too!
Moca: Hii-chan, nice one~.
Ran: The patterns of the sky, huh...? Yeah, that's good. ... Mhm, I think I have an idea of what to write.
Himari: You do?! Yay~! I spent so much time thinking about the lyrics and everything, so I'm glad I was able to help you out, Ran.
Moca: She's not the only one you helped~. These are all of our lyrics, so you helped all of us, Hii-chan.
Tsugumi: That's a leader for you♪
Himari: Ehehe... I see. That's great to hear~.
Ran: The sunrise is really pretty. It has a much softer color than the sunset.
Tomoe: ... Still, I'm a bigger fan of the burning image that the evening sun creates.
Himari: Fufu, Tomoe! I like the sunset the most too! Everyone here does!
Ran: And we will continue to treasure it, forever... Doesn't matter what happens. That won't change.
Ran: And if you continue to be as stubborn as you are, then we can continue being together.
Tomoe: Mhm... I'm with you there.
Moca: ... Achoo.
Tsugumi: Are you doing okay, Moca-chan? It does get pretty cold this early in the morning.
Himari: Should we head back in? I think I might sleep for a bit.
Ran: I'll probably start fixing up the lyrics... I know I was the one who said we should write them together, but yeah...
Tomoe: Now that we've made it up to this point, we'll leave the rest to you.
Ran: Thanks. Just wait. They'll be great.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: ...
Moca: Making some headway, are we~?
Ran: You could say that. Guess I should thank the sun.
Moca: Aren't you glad we all worked on them together?
Ran: ... Seriously, you guys always come through for me.
Moca: Ran~, what's gotten into you~?
(White cut)
Ran: Nothing. I just said what was on my mind.
Moca: (I know that the five of us will be able to stay together for a long time.)
Moca: (But... we won't be walking by your side. We'll be doing our best to catch up...)
Moca: (Just so that, at the very least, we won't lose sight of you. So that we won't fall so far behind that we can't reach you.)
Moca: ...
Ran: ... Moca, what's wrong? Wait, are you crying?
Moca: Nuh-uh. Yawning~.
Moca: Yawn... I think I'll get some shut-eye too. Night~.
