band2-028 Chapter 8: Everyone's Sentiments

Ran worries about not understanding the others. Meanwhile, Lisa realizes that Moca is acting strange...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Moca: No, you have changed. And you've reached a place we don't even know about yet.
Moca: You can see things that we're still blind to.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Ran: (You guys... Where are you? What can you see?)
Ran: （Tell me... Please...）
Ran: Hm...? Tsugumi?
Tsugumi: "Hey, Ran-chan! Sorry about what happened last time. We shouldn't have invited you to the studio when you were so busy. Himari-chan was saying that she wanted to apologize too."
Tsugumi: "Another thing"...
Tsugumi: "About the lyrics you wrote for us. I thought about them and did my best to understand them! Could you look at this and tell me if I got it right?"
Ran: Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: "Sorry if I got it completely wrong ＞＜ But hey! I really like them! It's so cool!"
Ran: ...
Ran: "So that's what you thought of when you read them..."
Ran: ... Actually, never mind.
Ran: (I was simply trying to write the lyrics the same way I always do. I've done all I can to figure out why the others don't understand them...)
Ran: (Did I really have us five in mind when I was writing?)
Ran: ... I just don't get it... Any of it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Convenience Store]

Lisa: Oh, Moca! Can you fill out the product order form?
Moca: Okay~...
Lisa: What? Wait, what's wrong?
Moca: Right away~.
Lisa: Moca... Is everything okay? You always complain about how much work it is to do inventory and then don't do it. This is pretty weird for you.
Moca: Hmm~... Are you sure~...?
Lisa: I knew something was up! The way you're answering, it's like you're not even paying attention!
Lisa: We get off at the same time today, right? Don't leave without me, you hear? You can talk to me about whatever's on your mind!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: I see~. So Ran has changed, huh~?
Moca: ...
Lisa: Doesn't it feel like we've done this before? I sat and listened to what was bothering you. Ahaha, it's like déjà vu.
Moca: That was back when I didn't wanna be too pushy with Ran, so I thought I would just keep my thoughts to myself and look out for her...
Moca: But you taught me that that was the wrong thing to do, that I shouldn't just sit back and watch... And I told Ran what was on my mind... Not in the most graceful manner, but I did.
Moca: A lot has happened, but Afterglow is still here. Ran has willingly changed so that we wouldn't have to... But, yet again, she's the only one struggling through hard times.
Lisa: Hold on, Moca. Don't tell me you think what she's dealing with is your fault.
Moca: Well... It is, isn't it?
Moca: It just feels like all the choices I've made trying to help her up until this point have actually been the wrong ones.
Lisa: Moca...
Moca: I also had already realized that Ran was a few steps ahead of us, but I couldn't get myself to say anything...
Moca: I think I was afraid... Afraid of everyone else knowing. Afraid of Ran knowing...
Moca: ... I was unable to do what you told me in the end, and now... everything is a complete mess.
Lisa: As I thought. You and I are alike, Moca.
Moca: Huh...?
Lisa: For example, you don't believe in the decisions you've made! Until very recently, I thought I had been doing the wrong thing, over and over, and I would blame myself for what was happening.
Lisa: But one thing is for sure: you're not the only one at fault. Ran was able to face what was ahead of her because you were there. I have no doubt about that.
Lisa: Ran wouldn't be who or where she is today if it wasn't for you four. I know it hurts to think about now, but I'm sure the day will come when you no longer believe that everything you've done was a mistake.
Moca: ... You think so? I don't know~.
Lisa: Yes! I know it will!
Moca: ... I wonder what I can do right now though. Is my only choice really just to wait?
Lisa: Hmm~... That, you'll have to think about!
Moca: Aww~...
Lisa: There's no point if I just tell you everything. If you don't come up with an answer on your own, you'll end up full of regret, just like now.
Moca: You're a tough teacher, Lisa-san~...
Lisa: Ahaha. I do it for you, my adorable little Moca-chan!
Moca: Ooo~...
Lisa: You can do it! If you really try, I'll reward you with some baked goods.
Moca: Ohhh~?! Okay, I will~.
Lisa: Jeez~, so quick to change your tune, aren't you~?!
Moca: Ehehe~. Thanks, Lisa-san.
