band2-023 Chapter 3: Is the New Song Done?

Afterglow meets up after some time apart. Ran shows the others the lyrics to the song, but...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Studio]

Tomoe: It's been a while since the five of us have been in the studio together! Ran, you're just coming from one of your flower-arrangement meetings, huh?
Himari: What do you actually do at those things?
Ran: A bunch of stuff.
Himari: Okay~, but like what~?!
Ran: The iemoto... Well, my father in this case... My father talks about a specific topic, or he helps us students care for and arrange flowers... Sometimes we'll just get together and have tea too, though.
Moca: That sure seems like something you'd hate~. Do you manage okay?
Ran: I more so don't like having to talk to strangers... But these are people I arrange flowers with, so... I guess you can call it good learning experience.
Tsugumi: That's pretty amazing, Ran-chan...
Ran: N-not really... Anyway, enough about that. I have something more important to show you, guys. Our new song.
Tomoe: Oh! Seriously?! You were so busy though. Thanks for doing that.
Ran: I already thought of the lyrics too. Give it a listen.
Himari: Wow! This is so exciting! Let's get to it already!
(Black cut)
Moca, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: ...
Ran: Uhhh... Pretty awkward silence, guys...
Tsugumi: I thought it was really cool! I especially liked the part leading up to the chorus!
Tomoe: I think it's a good song too. I can't wait to see what kind of arrangements we can come up with. It's just... Well...
Tomoe: I'm not sure I could follow the lyrics.
Ran: Huh...?
Himari: They were pretty hard for me too. They felt kinda different than the ones you usually write.
Ran: That's not what I was going for... What exactly makes them so hard to follow?
Himari: Hmm~. I'm not sure what to say... I don't think I could put it into words...
Tomoe: Well, you know how you normally write stuff based on our experiences? That makes it so that we all get it... So that we're all on the same page...
Tomoe: This time, they were a bit over my head. Like they didn't really click with me, you know?
Tsugumi: They're definitely cool! They have the right feeling to them! But... there were parts I had a hard time understanding.
Ran: Oh...
Ran: That's my bad. I'll take another look at them then.
Tomoe: Sorry for all the negative feedback, Ran. I know you took time out of your busy schedule to write those.
Tomoe: I think the melody is awesome though. While you're thinking about the lyrics, we'll work on adding our instruments to the mix.
Himari: Yeah, that's a good plan!
Ran: ...
Moca: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

[Residential Area]

Himari: Oh yeah. After looking at everyone's schedule, I found a concert we can actually take part in. Check the chat, okay? I already sent the information!
Tsugumi: Thank you, Himari-chan! We'll have to work hard during the coming days to prepare for it.
Moca: Hii-chan, about this show... Isn't this in the afternoon on a weekday?
Himari: What?! Show me... Oh... You're right... Ngh, sorry...
Tomoe: Ahaha, no biggie. Just the fact that you're looking makes a big difference.
Tsugumi: It sure does! Sorry to always leave this responsibility to you.
Himari: Ohhh, you two are so sweet~...
Ran: ...
Moca: What's wrong, Ran? You've had this look that says "hmph" going on for a while now~.
Ran: Nothing...
Moca: I see. So that's just your resting Ran face, huh~?
Ran: Exactly.
Moca: So you're not thinking about the lyrics~?
Ran: Just trying to figure out why they didn't make sense to everyone else.
Moca: I think I'd agree about them being different. It kinda feels like they're trying to reach new heights~.
Ran: You think?
Moca: I don't think. I know~. I am an English-language genius after all~.
Ran: Right.  Either way, I'll just try writing them over. I wanna have a new song, you know?
Moca: Yeah. Good luck~.
Moca: (Does she not realize? There's a reason your lyrics can't reach us.)
Moca: (And it's probably because...)
Moca: ...
