band2-031 Chapter 11: What Doesn't Change

The other Afterglow members have been called to the roof after not seeing each other for a while. What does Tomoe say to the group...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan, Himari-chan! I got the message! What happened?!
Tomoe: H-hey... Tsugu, you came.
Tsugumi: Of course. You said it was an emergency...
Moca: Sending out a distress signal, huh, Tomo-chin~? What's wrong?
Tomoe: Well...
Himari: Moca, where's Ran?
Moca: Hmm~, no clue. Think she'll come?
Ran: Tomoe! I saw your message. What's up?
Tomoe: Ran! Thanks for coming. ... Uhm... I sent the SOS because, well...
Tomoe: The sunset was really pretty... I wanted us to see it together.
Ran: ... What?
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan!
Tomoe: How do I put this...? It's just... I had something I wanted to tell you, Ran. Actually, it's for all of you to hear... But I wasn't sure how to get everyone together...
Himari & Tomoe: I...!
Himari & Tomoe: Ah...
Himari: Ran, I... I feel bad about saying something so inconsiderate to you.
Ran: ... I shouldn't have yelled and stormed out either...
Himari: It's okay. I... wasn't thinking about your feelings...
Himari: I'm really sorry.
Tomoe: I wanna apologize too. I was shocked to hear you were changing so that we could stay together.
Tomoe: It made me wonder what the rest of us have been doing while you were trying your best to deal with your problems at home.
Tomoe: I felt like we'd been encouraging you to go through painful times by yourself and just sitting back... You kept on changing and we just stopped... "The same as always" sounds exactly right for us.
Ran: Th-that's not-!
Tomoe: And those thoughts started to make me worry. Maybe more and more things would start to change... Maybe we would no longer be able to watch the sunset together.
Moca: ...
Tomoe: B-but you know what?! I'm gonna keep watching it from here!
Ran: Tomoe...?
Tomoe: I-it's like... You've changed so that we could be together, right? But if we want that to continue, I think there are also things that need to stay the same.
Tomoe: I love watching this sunset together, and I wanna keep treasuring that feeling for as long as I possibly can.
Tomoe: As I think about it, I realize change is scary for me. So instead, I'll protect the things that need to stay the same.
Tomoe: ... Sorry. I don't even know what I'm saying at this point.
Ran: It's fine. I got it.
Tsugumi: I did too, Tomoe-chan! We feel the same. This sunset is my favorite thing in the world as well.
Tomoe: I-it is...? Awesome...
Ran: I was able to change because you were all there for me.
Ran: At first, I was afraid to, and that's why I continued running away from so many things. But you all were the ones who pushed me and watched out for me. You're the reason I'm the person I am today.
Ran: It was my choice to change myself, but I started understanding you all less, and that scared me. That's why I ran out. It made me uneasy. I felt lonely... I wondered why my lyrics didn't make sense to you.
Ran: I think I was being selfish, though. What I wrote couldn't reach you guys because I didn't properly understand you or myself... I'm sorry.
Himari: Ran! That's not why! We're the ones at fault...
Ran: You all always end up lending me a hand... and it's like I haven't been able to do anything to return the favor.
Moca: ...
Ran: So...
Ran: ... If changing in order to keep things the same will help us... I'd like to continue trying to move forward. And I'll do it for real this time.
Ran: I won't stop. I'll keep going so that this roof, the place where everything began, will be with us forever.
Himari: Ran...!
Moca: Ran...
Tsugumi: Once again, you're showing just how cool you are, Ran-chan... I've just been thinking and thinking, and I still can't come up with a way to catch up to you.
Tsugumi: It might... not even be possible for me at this point. Ehehe... Oh, but still!
Tsugumi: That world you're looking at right now... I want to see it too one day. Until then, I'll be chasing right after you!
Ran: Thanks... I appreciate that.
Himari: Ohhh... Ran~!!
Tsugumi: H-Himari-chan, are you crying?!
Himari: I-it's just...! Ran is so awesome...
Ran: H-hey! Get off of me! What's wrong?!
Himari: I know the Ran I've been looking at is one that was frozen in time. Maybe I couldn't accept that you were changing and, at some point, started pretending like I couldn't see what was happening.
Himari: But I think I've finally laid my eyes on the person you are now. You've become so cool and strong...
Tomoe: So it hit you hard then, huh?
Himari: Y-yeah... You really have changed, Ran.
Moca: Mhm, ya sure have. Before, you would've been having a big ol' fight with Tomo-chin.
Tomoe: You might be right...
Tsugumi: If you think about it, that must mean that Tomoe-chan is changing little by little too!
Ran: Yep. You're looking a bit cooler yourself, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Ahaha... You know it.
Moca: Ran, don't go too far ahead and leave little Moca-chan behind now~. I'll be so lonely~.
Ran: Can't promise I won't. I don't plan on stopping anytime soon.
Moca: What~? You're breaking my heart~...
Ran, Himari, Tomoe & Tsugumi: Ahaha.
