event39-07 Ending: Pastel＊Palettes, United

With the fighting among fans solved, Eve speaks of a grand dream to the other members of the band.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Eve: Great job, everyone! Our event the other day was a success!
Maya: Great job yourself, Eve-san! Aren't you glad the event ended up being so warm and inviting?
Eve: Yes, my beloved Pastel＊Palettes has returned!
Aya: And it's all thanks to you, Eve-chan!
Hina: Yeah, your speech was super cool! I would say it was bop-bop-boppin'♪
Maya: Ohho~, that's a lot of bop!
Hina: I gotta give more to the kids who work extra hard~!
Eve: Thank you for all the bops!
Eve: I was so nervous, though...! I think I exhausted every ounce of bushido in my body...!
Maya: Hm? Was bushido always something you could run out of?
Chisato: I don't think so... Please, don't ask me.
Hina: Hey, by the way, what's it like online now?
Aya: Not a hint of the fighting they were doing before!
Aya: Everyone's discussing how best to support us during our shows, including how to go about cheering and stuff like that.
Hina: Whoa~, that's so interesting~! Great!
Eve: It's wonderful to see everyone working together for Pastel＊Palettes' sake!
Aya: And a lot of people are leaving messages for us, apologizing for making us worry.
Maya: Yeah, I got some on my page too. There are so many comments, it makes me feel like I'm the one who should be apologizing.
Chisato: Your page especially has a lot, doesn't it, Eve-chan?
Eve: ...? Really? I saw a lot of posts, but I didn't realize I was getting more than everyone else.
Maya: It's not just apologies either... Take a look at this.
Hina: Hm? What is it? ... "Before, I thought Eve-chan was just cute. Turns out she can be cool too!"
Chisato: And this one says, "Hearing her call us her comrades made my day!"
Eve: All this praise, I'm not sure what to say...
Aya: Ahaha, I see where they're coming from though. I can definitely see people becoming a fan of yours after hearing what you said.
Chisato: Yes, that was a very solid and powerful speech you gave.
Chisato: We all prepared things to say to our fans, but in the end, your words were enough.
Maya: ... Ah!
Eve: What's wrong, Maya-san?
Maya: Nothing. I was just looking online and found this! There's an article about our event on this news site!
Maya: Let's see... "Eve Wakamiya of Pastel＊Palettes Makes Proclamation, Plans to Conquer the Entertainment Industry!"
Aya: Wow~, that's so cool! You made the news!
Eve: ...?
Chisato: Uhm, Eve-chan...? Is something wrong?
Eve: Don't you think this article's a little strange?
Hina: Uhh~, in what way?
Eve: I never said I wanted to take over the entertainment industry, I said Japan.
Maya: That's true, but... what did you mean by that?
Eve: It means I want everyone to come together,  make Pastel＊Palettes an even more enjoyable band, and in turn, make even more people into fans!
Eve: And if we continue to gain more and more comrades... eventually, all of Japan will be part of the Pastel＊Palettes family!
Maya: So you want to make everyone in Japan a fan? That's a pretty ambitious goal! It'd be no small feat, that's for sure...!
Eve: Yes, that's what I meant by taking over Japan! I may still be in training, but I dream big!
Maya: Sounds tough, but for you, I get the feeling it's not impossible.
Maya: Do you remember what you told us about the ideal warrior?
Eve: Of course. Someone who upholds their beliefs and treasures their comrades... That is the excellence I strive to achieve!
Maya: Well, I think you're pretty close to that, actually.
Eve: Huh?
Hina: You worked so hard for your fans, or as you said, your comrades!
Aya: And you didn't give up on trying to help everyone get along!
Chisato: When you look at it like that, don't you think you already possess the warrior spirit you aspire to obtain?
Eve: Uhm, while it's nice to hear you say that... It's clear to me that I still have a long way to go.
Eve: If you all hadn't been there to give me an extra push, I don't think I would have been able to stay true to what I felt.
Eve: So I will continue to perfect my bushido and one day, I will obtain the true bushido spirit!
Eve: That way, when any of you feel like you can't go on, I'll be there to help you out!
Maya: You really do dream big!
Aya: I'm sure you can do it. It doesn't matter how big the dream is. You're Eve-chan. I know nothing will stop you from trying to reach your goal!
Eve: Thank you! I'll give it my all, so be sure to watch over me and my bushido!
