event39-02 Chapter 1: Release Event Uproar

The day of the release event has finally come. However, what was supposed to be an enjoyable time has taken a turn for the worse...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Event Hall]

Aya: ... Ready? Hi there, everyone~!
Pastel＊Palettes: We are Pastel＊Palettes!
Aya: So, that was our first song of the day. What did you think?
Fan: So good~!
Aya: Ehehe, thank you!
Aya: I'm so happy we were able to do another release event like this! I could hardly wait to spend time with all of you~!
Eve: Aya-chan's doing great! Everything seems to be going so smoothly for her!
Maya: At our last event, she was so nervous she kept fumbling over her words. Looks like she really put in a lot of MC practice for today.
Chisato: All her hard work is finally paying off. I'm so happy for her.
Aya: Ah, that's right. I have a story I want to tell you all!
Aya: It's about the other day... About how something I thought was a dog actually turned out to be a cat.
Chisato: ... Hm?
Hina: Hey, I think you messed up the order there.
Aya: Huh? W-wait, what?!
Chisato: Aya-chan, what's the point of starting with the punchline?
Aya: O-oh yeah...!
Aya: Urgh, what should I do now~?! Chisato-chan, help me~!
Chisato: And how, pray tell, could I possibly do that...?
Hina: Ahaha, and you practiced so much, too. You really are a funny one, Aya-chan~.
Aya: H-Hina-chan! Don't say that out loud! It's embarrassing~!
Fan: Ahahahaha!
Maya: Look, Aya-san! They love your MCing!
Eve: That was amazing! Your story captured the audience's hearts!
Hina: Oh~, impressive. You should consider going into comedy~.
Chisato: ... Good for you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Bad for me, bad for me~! I can already see the posts now, "Maruyama screwed up again~"!
Maya: Well, it is part of your charm...
Aya: Ngh, that doesn't help~.
Hina: Now that we're all in such high spirits, how about we move on to our next song?
Eve: Yes! Everything's all set, so-
Fan A: Hey, I told you to cut it out!
Fan B: What? You got a problem, buddy?
Eve: Huh? Wh-what was that?
Chisato: It sounds like it came from the audience...
Maya: Wh-whoa! Those fans are arguing!
Eve: A-an argument?! What a disaster!
Hina: Aww~, and the mood was so boppin' too~.
Eve: Either way, we have to stop them! Quit fighting~!
Chisato: Just relax, remain calm. There are other fans to focus on.
Fan A: Hey, you listen when someone's talking to you!
Eve: Th-they aren't listening to me...
Aya: Wh-what should we do? We're in the middle of an event... At this rate, things will spiral out of control...
Maya: H-hey! Don't cry!
Eve: A-Aya-san!
Hina: Now what do we do...?
Chisato: What can we do? We can't continue the event like this.
Eve: Y-You're right! The event itself is in danger!
Eve: (I must channel the unyielding warrior spirit I learned from bushido. I must stop this fight!)
Eve: (I will harness my bushido and protect Pastel＊Palettes!)
Eve: You two, stop right there! I'm putting an end to this fight!
