event39-05 Chapter 4: Something Important

Eve wants to do what she can for Pastel＊Palettes.  Will she be able to convey this feeling to Chisato?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: ... And so, it turns out the dog was a cat all along!
Aya: How was that? I made it sound really funny this time, right?
Chisato: Yes, that was very good. Although, I've heard the same story so many times now, I'm not really sure what's supposed to be funny about it anymore.
Aya: Yay! I'm sure I'll have no problems MCing this time!
Chisato: After two hours of listening to you, you better not.
Aya: Wh-what is this pressure I'm feeling from Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: Now the only thing left to worry about is the crowd.
Aya: Y-yeah. You're talking about the fighting, right?
Aya: It looks like it's still going on. I wonder if everything will be okay. What should we do if another argument breaks out...?
Chisato: Having our event interrupted for something like that really doesn't feel fair to the fans who took the time to come see us.
Aya: Why did they have to start fighting in the first place...?
Aya: It's not like either side is wrong, and they're both being considerate of Pastel＊Palettes in their own way...
Chisato: Fans who want to get everyone excited for the concert... And fans who think cheers are interrupting the music...
Chisato: Both sides care about us, and that passion itself is probably what's causing all this.
Aya: Well, when you put it like that, it makes me a little happy...
Chisato: Happy?
Aya: Ah, sorry. Of course this whole situation is bad, but it is nice to know our fans are thinking of us.
Chisato: ... That's true. It may not be very appropriate, but I, too-
？？？ (Eve): Face me~!
Aya & Chisato: Huh?!
Eve & Hina: Face me~!!
Chisato: Eve-chan? Hina-chan? And Maya-chan too?
Maya: Uhm, why does it sound like we're issuing a challenge...?
Eve: It is customary to say this phrase when you've come to make a request!
Eve: After all, that's what all the people in historical dramas say when they request a duel at a rival dojo! You know, for dojo yaburi!
Maya: So we are looking for a fight!
Hina: Come on, it's fine~. "Face me" has some real pizzazz!
Hina: And without pizzazz, we'll never convince Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Convince me? Of what?
Eve: I-I'd like to make a request!
Eve: Please let me talk our fans into getting along at tomorrow's event!
Chisato: ... I thought I told you before. Doing something like that can backfire on us.
Chisato: Getting caught up in our fans' problems come with a huge risk.
Eve: I-I know, but... this isn't just a problem for our fans!
Eve: Our fans are the only reason we're here! They're just as much a part of Pastel＊Palettes as we are!
Chisato: ...!
Eve: So this is Pastel＊Palettes' problem too! And if it's our problem, I want us to solve it together.
Aya: ... I see. You're right. It's not just our fans' problem.
Chisato: Not you too, Aya-chan...
Aya: I mean, they're always showing us their support. I'd just... hate to see them continue fighting like this.
Maya: I agree that doing this is risky, but there's also a chance we could resolve all of this peacefully.
Hina: Plus, I get the feeling... that Pastel＊Palettes would be better off doing something about it than just sitting back and watching!
Eve: Please! Lend me your strength, Chisato-san!
Chisato: ...
Maya: Not to mention, it'd be pretty bad if this went on for much longer.
Maya: If we get the reputation of a band with a toxic fan base, it could affect our image negatively as well.
Chisato: ... That's very true. Rumors about these arguments seem to be reaching outside of our fan base as well.
Chisato: Alright. If you're really that serious about it, let's do something.
Eve: Chisato-san...! Thank you!
Chisato: However, we must be prepared to accept any and all consequences that come with-
Chisato: ... Actually, it seems I'm the only one who wasn't prepared.
Eve: Hm?
Chisato: It's nothing. Since it's decided, we should start putting together a plan. Let's go talk to the staff first.
Eve: Yes! Right away! Come on!
