event39-04 Chapter 3: Wavering Bushido

Having made the fighting worse, Eve worries about the fact that she's powerless to do anything about it.

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Station Entrance]

Hina: Hmhmhmm~♪ Tomorrow♪ Tomorrow♪ Tomorrow's our event~♪
Hina: It's great that we're doing so many events now. What should I ask our fans about this time~...?
Hina: Huh? Hey, that's... Eve-chan~! Over here!
Eve: Ah, Hina-san...
Hina: Fancy meeting you here. Are you on your way home?
Eve: Yes. It's nice to see you, Hina-san.
Hina: Hm? Are you okay? You seem kind of down.
Hina: Ah, is it because of when you got in trouble?
Hina: The Talent Agency staff did give a pretty big lecture on the risks of getting too involved with our fans, didn't they~?
Eve: It makes sense that they would be angry... All I did was make the fighting worse.
Hina: And from what I've seen it's still going on. Everyone's divided about whether all the cheering should be allowed or not.
Eve: It's just like Chisato-san said. Looks like I just caused more problems.
Eve: I'm worried about tomorrow's event. If this keeps up... will our fans... be able to enjoy themselves...?
Hina: Don't worry about it! Everyone makes mistakes.
Hina: Hey, cheer up! Try shouting "bushido~!" You know, like you always do!
Eve: Uhm, o-okay. One... Two... B-bushido~...!
Hina: Hm~, yeah, no energy at all. If the fans see this, they'll start to worry too.
Eve: W-we can't have that. I don't want to concern our fans.
Hina: Then we'll just have to get your energy back! Now how are we going to do that~?
Hina: Ah, how about heading to that one place?
Eve: What one place...?
Hina: Ryuseido! You said looking at the samurai armor there lifts your spirits, right?
Hina: That's our best shot! Come on!
Eve: W-wait, Hina-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ryuseido]

Eve: Sigh...
Hina: So? Feeling better?
Eve: I appreciate you taking me here, but... I'm sorry, I don't think it's going to happen today...
Eve: Usually gazing at this armor would do the trick, but nothing's changed. Haze surrounds my heart and it won't let up. I just feel so miserable...
Hina: Aww~, but why~?
Maya: ...Uhh~, what are you guys up to?
Eve & Hina: Maya-san?! Maya-chan?!
Eve: What are you doing here?
Maya: Ah, I saw the two of you earlier and it looked like Hina-san was taking you somewhere. I couldn't help but wonder what you guys were doing, so here I am.
Hina: Ahaha. Oh, okay.
Maya: Anyways, what's going on?
Hina: Eve-chan's feeling down, so I thought maybe coming here to look at this armor would cheer her up.
Hina: It doesn't look like it worked though.
Maya: I see. I think I see the problem here.
Maya: Eve-san's probably down because she's worried, right? In that case, wouldn't hearing her out do more than looking at armor?
Hina: Interesting~. Is that how that works?
Maya: And I'm guessing you're worried about the fight that happened last time.
Eve: Yes, that's exactly it. Not only was I unable to stop an argument between our beloved fans, I also ended up making it worse.
Eve: Far from protecting everyone, I just caused more problems... I have no right to call myself a warrior...
Maya: Ah, you did mention wanting to protect everyone before, huh?
Maya: Still, I don't think you need to put so much of the blame on yourself...
Eve: That's not the only thing, though. I'm also sad that I can't do anything for our fans.
Hina: Ah~, I get it. The staff did put a stop to everything after all.
Eve: Even if I could do something... I have no idea what that would be, seeing as I always mess everything up.
Eve: What if I screw up again, and cause even more trouble? Pain and sorrow cloud my heart just from thinking about it...
Maya: Seems to me you've lost all confidence in yourself.
Maya: Well~, I know I'm one to talk, but... isn't what you want to do the most important thing here?
Eve: Me...?
Maya: Yeah. What do you want to do, Eve-san?
Eve: What do I want? ... I-I want everyone to get along!
Eve: If there's anything I can do to make that happen, I'll do it!
Maya: Alright, if that's what you want to do, let's do it. If we talk to the staff and Chisato-san, I'm sure they'll understand.
Eve: Huh? But... I'm not sure I can do this...
Maya: You'll never know unless you try. Besides, I'll be there to help. If you think it's the right thing to do, I'll stand by your side.
Hina: Don't forget about me! Commence Operation: Make Our Fans Get Along!
Eve: Maya-san, Hina-san... Thank you so much!
Eve: This time I will hold uphold my bushido way!
Maya: Fufu, that's the spirit. Looks like you're finally back to your normal cheerful self.
Hina: Aya-chan and Chisato-chan said they were going to do some MC practice to prepare for tomorrow. They should be at the talent agency now.
Maya: Well then, should we head over?
Eve: Yes!
