event39-03 Chapter 2: An Ominous Overcast

The members of Pastel＊Palettes somehow make it to the end of their event. Unfortunately, the unexpected altercation isn't over.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Meeting Room]

Maya: Are you okay, Aya-san?
Aya: Yeah. Sorry I cried during the event...
Maya: Don't be, it was a perfectly natural reaction. I was pretty shaken up myself.
Chisato: Thanks to the staff stopping the fight, we were able to continue the event...
Chisato: Honestly, though, the whole ordeal left a bad taste in everyone's mouth.
Hina: And after we finally got to do another release event, too. That wasn't very boppin'♪ at all~...
Eve: I'm sorry... I couldn't do anything. My bushido just wasn't enough...
Aya: It's not your fault, Eve-chan.
Eve: If I was a real warrior, one word should have silenced the entire crowd. The fact that it didn't means my training is lacking...
Aya: Th-that's not true! You did your best out there! You kept trying to calm them down while we waited for the staff!
Aya: They were just too caught up in their own argument, so they couldn't hear you...
Eve: Urgh, that's so frustrating...
Eve: This was supposed to be a fun event. Why did it have to end up like this?
Eve: Can't we all just get along...?
Hina: Hm~. Yeah, I wonder what that was all about... Ah, I bet we could find out online!
Hina: How about we look it up?
Chisato: Great idea. It'll be good to know for future reference.
Aya: Okay, hang on...
Aya: Let's see... Ohh, looks like they're fighting online too...
Maya: What happened earlier must have continued after the event ended.
Hina: But what caused the fight...? Ah! I think I found it!
Chisato: "How many times do I have to tell you? It's rude to scream like that!"
Maya: But there are also comments like this. "We have to bring the hype. Isn't that our job as fans?"
Eve: Screams, hype...? What are they talking about?
Aya: They're referring to what fans do to show their support during concerts.
Aya: You've seen people clapping along to the beat at our shows, haven't you? Sometimes they'll also call our names too.
Eve: Ah, that's true, every once in a while I'll hear someone call out to me! So that's what they mean!
Maya: Sounds like this fight is just about whether that belongs at shows or not...
Hina: I like it personally~. Hearing my name makes me feel so boppidy boppin'♪
Chisato: I certainly do appreciate the enthusiasm from those fans, but I'm not surprised there are people out there who find it disruptive.
Aya: Watching our fans fight like this is awful though. I wonder if there's anything we can do to help them make up...
Eve: ...!
Chisato: But if that's really what they're going back and forth about, I don't think there's much we can do.
Hina: True... It's not like either of them are doing anything wrong. One side just wants to enjoy our music in peace and the other is just having fun.
Maya: If only we had a way to get them to work things out...
Aya: ... Huh? Hey, someone's trying to stop them.
Maya: Maybe another fan is sick of all the fighting?
Maya: Uhh, let's see what they're saying... "Stop fighting everyone!" ...
Maya: W-wait, isn't this Eve-san's account?!
Aya & Chisato: What?!
Eve: And then... "Let us keep the peace with one another." There.
Chisato: Eve-chan! What do you think you're doing?!
Eve: I'm trying to stop this fight.
Chisato: We can't just insert ourselves into our fans' problems.
Eve: What? Why not?
Hina: It's not like she's causing trouble. Isn't it okay if she's trying to be the peacemaker?
Chisato: Hina-san, you too... You both are far too close to our fans.
Chisato: Our fans are very important to us, but they're not our friends. It can cause problems if you blur that line.
Aya: Oh no, this is bad!
Aya: Someone just commented saying, "Look, you're annoying the band members now, too! Give it a rest!" The page is getting flooded with comments!
Eve: What?!
Chisato: When we get involved, we risk making the problem even bigger.
Chisato: We should just let our fans solve their own problems. You wouldn't want to be the cause of more fighting, would you?
Eve: N-no, but...
Eve: ...
Maya: Eve-san...
