event39-06 Chapter 5: Gratitude and Devotion

Another day, another release event. Putting her faith in Bushido, Eve shares her feelings.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Event Hall]

Aya: Hello, everyone~! Thank you for coming out today for this event!
Eve: It's almost time for us to give our speech!
Maya: Yep. The agency gave us permission, so we have to make the most of it!
Eve: Do you think we'll be able to communicate how we feel...? If we can't...
Hina: Hey, knock it off! You're starting to look sad again~.
Eve: S-sorry! Now that this is actually happening, I'm starting to feel unsure...
Maya: You'll be fine! We'll be right there with you!
Hina: Uh-huh. All you have to do is say what's on your mind. It's easy~.
Chisato: Perhaps for you, Hina-chan. For others, though, conveying their own feelings can be very difficult.
Chisato: Don't worry, Eve-chan. If at any point you get stuck, we'll be ready to help.
Eve: Thank you so much, everyone!
Maya: Once Aya-san's done MCing, we'll head up.
Aya: Guys, help~!
Maya: Huh? What happened to your MCing?
Chisato: You haven't even gotten to the part about the dog that's actually a cat.
Aya: B-but no one's listening to me...
Fan A: Quit your screeching. The band members don't wanna hear it either!
Fan B: What, so I should just sit here and watch in silence? You call that being supportive?
Fan C: Hey, you two. Cut it out, we're in the middle of an event.
Maya: Ah, everywhere you look people are arguing!
Hina: Aw, c'mon~. And we were just about to give our talk too~.
Chisato: Everyone, we're in the middle of an event. Please refrain from talking amongst yourselves...
Eve: (This is just like last time...!)
Eve: (B-but this time, I won't back down. For everyone's sake...!)
Eve: Stop fighting, everyone!!
Fan A: I said you're being rude to the band!
Fan B: Oh, for-! So you'd rather have a boring concert?!
Eve: Ngh, I won't give up...! Everyone! Stop fighting~!!
Fan: ...?!
Aya: Whoa, that was really loud...
Maya: Eve-san's really intense today...!
Eve: P-please, listen to me, just for a little while! There's something I want you all to know!
Eve: First, I have to apologize for my actions before. All of this got out of hand because I decided to comment online. I'm so sorry.
Eve: However, I only got involved because I wanted everyone to get along. Seeing all our precious fans fighting was just so sad...
Maya: Th-that's right! We don't want you all to be arguing like this either!
Aya: And we understand what this is all about. Both sides clearly care about Pastel＊Palettes a lot. It's just that your feelings are conflicting with each other's.
Chisato: We like hearing your shouts and cheers. Thank you so much for making our shows more exciting.
Hina: But when you do it too much, then it starts getting kinda questionable. Some of us tend to get distracted by it and lose our sound. Isn't that right, Aya-chan?
Aya: I-I don't know if I can deny that...
Eve: I'm so glad you all care about Pastel＊Palettes so much.  This band holds an extra special place in my heart too.
Eve: Before Pastel＊Palettes, I did modeling all by myself, so I was so thrilled to have comrades I could work towards a goal with.
Eve: But my bandmates aren't my only comrades. Fans like you who support us are also a part of Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: Everyone here was brought together by Pastel＊Palettes...  And a bond like this is not easy to come by, so I want to make sure I treasure it!
Eve: Of course, I'd like to think that you all want to do the same. Fated encounters like this only come once in a lifetime, after all. It's really a miracle that we're all here.
Maya: Eve-san's message is really coming across in her words. It's clear she really loves Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: Yeah, that's for sure.
Eve: If everyone here were to join hands and work together, we could pull off something unimaginable. We could even conquer all of Japan.
Eve: Alright, everyone! It's time for our takeover! Let's go~!
Fan: Yeah~!!
Aya: Whoa, listen to the applause!
Hina: Yeah! Eve-chan, the greatest in all of Japan!
Chisato: Was taking over Japan always a goal of Pastel＊Palettes?
Maya: We've never had the ambitions of a warlord, no... But it looks like she brought everyone together.
Aya: Eve-chan's so cool!
Eve: Thank you for listening everyone!
Eve: Now, we must solidify our Pastel＊Palettes bond. Everyone, hug the person next to you!
Eve: I'll join in too!
Aya: Huh?! Wait, you can't go and hug the fans!
Chisato: Didn't I warn you before about getting too close to them?
Eve: So no hugs...? It's so hard to tell what's okay and what's not...
