event39-01 Opening: Source of Energy

The next Pastel＊Palettes event is around the corner. On the way home from their lesson, the girls decide to stop by...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Aya: That was a great rehearsal today! I can't believe tomorrow is the first day of our release event!
Eve: I know, I've been waiting for this day for so long! I'm so excited to meet our fans!
Maya: Same here. I'm glad we were able to do another event like this.
Hina: This time we're doing events all over, right? Like at shopping malls and record shops.
Chisato: Yes. Our last event went over so well, it was decided that we would go all out this time around.
Maya: Especially since we have a new song and everything. It'll be great having our fans hear it live!
Aya: Yeah! Let's do everything we can to make sure they have a good time!
Eve: Of course! Our new song will have them seeing stars! Total knockout!
Maya: I don't think that was the right choice of words in this situation...
Hina: ... Ah! Oh yeah! You guys have plans after this?
Chisato: Not really... What is it?
Hina: I just want to go somewhere with you all! Practice finished early today, so let's make a stop before we go home!
Aya: That can be nice every once in a while! And I want to chat with everyone a little longer too!
Maya: Alright, so where should we go?
Hina: We could get coffee, or go shopping... I'm fine with whatever!
Aya: Hmm, what should we do~? Do you have any places you'd like to go, Eve-chan?
Eve: Me?
Eve: Let's see~... Ah! Actually, there is somewhere I've wanted to go with all of you!
Eve: It's a place where you can see all sorts of wondrous things. I'd love it if we could see them together!
Hina: Whoa~, all sorts of wondrous things, huh...? You've got my attention~!
Aya: Is it somewhere with beautiful scenery? Or maybe an interesting exhibition?
Eve: Fufu, you'll just have to wait and see!
Chisato: Well then, shall we leave it up to Eve-chan? Would you show us the way?
Eve: On my honor, it shall be done... Follow me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ryuseido]

Maya: So this is where you wanted to take us?
Hina: Is this... a pawnshop?
Eve: Yes. This is Arisa-san's family shop, Ryuseido.
Eve: There are so many incredible treasures here.
Aya: I-I see... So this is what you meant when you said 'wondrous things'.
Chisato: Fufu, very fitting, that's for sure.
Hina: This place really is interesting, though! Like these vases and hanging scrolls. There might be some super cool stuff here!
Eve: There really is. Nothing but amazing treasures. And out of all of them, my favorite would have to be this one.
Aya: ...! Wow, isn't this... ?!
Maya: This is samurai armor!
Eve: That's right, and a very fine set of armor at that. It's so bold and so beautiful.
Eve: Lately, I've been stopping by just to see this.
Eve: Thinking about the warrior spirit while staring at this, I can almost feel the bushido rising within me.
Maya: Rise within you... Can bushido do something like that?
Chisato: I don't think so, but... It's like a source of energy for you, isn't it, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes! When I look at this, I'm filled with energy!
Aya: You really do love bushido, don't you?
Eve: Of course. The bushido way is filled with nothing but remarkable teachings.
Hina: Oh yeah, there are supposed to be a lot of them. Do you have any you like more than others?
Eve: Well... There are those I hold especially dear.
Eve: They're the spirit of rei and makoto!
Aya: What are those...?
Eve: The spirit of rei is about considering other people's feelings. Be thoughtful. Behave courteously. It's all about respect.
Eve: And makoto is best illustrated by the saying, "A warrior never goes back on his word." It's about making a decision and following through. A combination of sincerity and commitment.
Maya: Ah, now that I think about it, you mention this quite often.
Maya: You've said what draws you to bushido is the importance it places on valuing your friends and standing up for what you believe in, right?
Eve: Yes. Honoring your beliefs and protecting your comrades... That's the type of person I want to be!
Maya: That's a pretty ambitious goal you've got there.
Aya: But if anyone can do it, it's someone who faces things head-on, like our Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you! I'll work hard every day so I can master the warrior spirit!
