event144-06 Chapter 5: A Wonderful Memory

Hagumi rushes over after finishing her softball game and offers to take over as Marie. However...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Office]

Himari: Okay, I'm fully charged! So, what should I do for the second half of the day?
Misaki: Once we're done handing out balloons, we're free to do as we please. Well, there might be a lot of commemorative photos with shoppers.
Himari: Got it! Okay, I'm gonna hand out balloons twice as fast as Michelle~!
Misaki: Looks like I can't slack off for the rest of the day either.
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Alright, back to work. Well then, let's head out~...
Hagumi: Hii-chan! Michelle! I'm so sorry!
Michelle (Misaki): Whoa, you startled me!
Himari: Hagu...! What about your softball game?
Hagumi: It ended earlier than I thought, so I ran here at full speed!
Hagumi: Now that I'm here, I can switch out with you for Marie!
Michelle (Misaki): ... Well, what do you think...?
Himari: ...
Michelle (Misaki): Uehara-san?
Himari: ... Hagu, thanks for rushing here, but... I want to be Marie until the end...!
Himari: And I want you to see if I'm actually becoming Marie properly!
Himari: After all, you're the original Marie!
Hagumi: Hii-chan... Okay! Got it!
Hagumi: To tell you the truth, I've been wanting to take a picture with Marie for a while now!
Hagumi: Now I finally can! I'm gonna take a bunch of commemorative photos!
Michelle (Misaki): Then it's settled. So, shall we get going?
Himari: Yeah! Alley-oop...
Marie: Glad to be with you for the second half, "Michelle."
Michelle (Misaki): Yep~. Same here, "Marie."
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Marie: Okay, line up~. Balloons are limited one to a person~.
Hagumi: Ehehe, I get to take a commemorative photo with Marie!
Hagumi: How about this for the first pose? We both give a super energetic roar!
Marie: Y-you want me to roar even though I'm a rabbit? Well, why not...? Okay, got it!
Marie: Just wait for a bit. I'm just finishing handing out the balloons.
Hagumi: Okay!
Hagumi: But before that... I'm gonna take a photo with Marie as she's handing out balloons!
Hagumi: O-Tae! Take a picture with my smartphone!
Tae: Okay, leave it to me.
Hagumi: I'll just step forward a little bit... Okay! Ready! Cheese~!
Tae: Cheese~!
Michelle (Misaki): Hold on, don't you think that's taking too many?!
Hagumi: Ahaha, you're right! I've got so many pictures with Marie!
Marie: Oh my. I'm sure deleting them will be tough~.
Hagumi: Huh? I'm not going to delete them!
Marie: Why not?! They're all pretty much the same, so you should just keep one and delete the rest!
Hagumi: Awww... But they're all so cute!
Hagumi: These are my precious memories with Marie, so I'm happy to have as many as I can!
Marie: Awww... Are you serious? That makes me so happy...!
Tae: Good to know. It was worth it for me to take the pictures.
Michelle (Misaki): Wait, did you take those burst shots on purpose? That's amazing...!
Tae: Nope, I just did it that way for no particular reason.
Michelle (Misaki): S-seriously~...?
Hagumi & Marie: Fufufufu. Ahahahaha!
Tae: ... This is all kinda nice. I'm jealous. Maybe I should start playing a mascot character too.
Hagumi: Great idea! That'd definitely suit you! What kind of character will you be?!
Tae: Hmmm... Maybe a guitar? I'd like to play the guitar in a plaza.
Michelle (Misaki): Don't you think that's a bit too surreal?!
Hagumi: But that totally seems like you, O-Tae!
Tae: Yeah, I think so too. Maybe I really should give it a try.
Michelle (Misaki): Seriously~...? Well, it does seem like it would suit her, so I guess it's okay...
