event144-02 Chapter 1: Michelle and Marie on the Job

Michelle and Marie begin their duties! Will they get off to a good start...?

(Character: Himari Uehara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Himari: Whoa~, what is this? It feels so nice~♪ Feel the fluff around the neck!
Misaki: Is it really that great? ... Whoa, you're right! Has it been improved again...?!
Misaki: I'd heard that they make alterations sometimes, but I had no idea they did this much.
Himari: That just means it's packed with love from everyone downtown!
Misaki: Love, huh...? Well, I guess that's what it is.
Misaki: Alright, I guess we should get started. I'm looking forward to working with you today, Uehara-san.
Himari: Same here! Let's do our best, Misaki-chan!
(Black cut)
Marie: Shopper Appreciation Day starts today! Please do some shopping here in the downtown area!
Marie: Ah, have this flyer if you'd like! It has discount coupons! Here's one for you too, Miss!
Marie: Huh? You want to take a picture together? Of course that's okay! In that case... What do you think of this pose?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh~... Well done...
Marie: Really?! I'm so happy...!
Michelle (Misaki): Mhm. The shoppers looked to be having fun, so I think you're doing great~.
Marie: Ehehe~, thank goodness.
Marie: Come to think of it, I'm used to serving customers at my part-time job, and I'm pretty good at it. Thanks to that, I'm almost done with the flyers!
Michelle (Misaki): I can't afford to slack off either. I have to give it my all as Michelle.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Hello~, Shopper Appreciation Day is now underway~.
Michelle (Misaki): There's also a bargain lottery going on~. Please enjoy your shopping here~.
Marie: Hum hum hum♪ Okay, I've finished handing out the flyers! Misaki-chan, are there any more?
Michelle (Misaki): We have balloons too~. All you good boys and girls, line up here!
Himari: (Huh? Did she not hear me?)
Marie: Hey~, Misaki-chan! Mii-kun!
Marie: Where are the additional flyers~...? Ah, here they are! Jeez, she should tell me if they're this close by.
Marie: Okay! I'll keep doing my best! Hoh!
Marie: We're having our Shopper Appreciation Day! Please take a flyer with special coupons~!
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Here you go~... There are quite a bit more people now~. It seems things will get even busier.
Marie: You're right~. We have to psych ourselves up and keep going!
Marie: Ah, there's some girls from my class over there! I'll go hand them some flyers!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? Ah, wai-
Marie: Hey~, everyone! Yoo-hoo! It's me, your classmate Himari Ueha- Whoa!
Michelle (Misaki): We're going on break~. Come on, Marie! Come this way!
Marie: H-huh?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Office]

Marie: What is it?! What's the matter?!
Misaki: There we go.
Misaki: I'd had my doubts, but... well, I guess this was bound to happen. Isn't that right, "Uehara-san?"
Himari: ...? What is it?
Misaki: You're not supposed to respond to that... Right now, you're "Marie," not "Uehara-san."
Himari: ... Ah. Did you not reply before because I called you "Misaki-chan?"
Misaki: It's not that I wanted to ignore you. It's because at the time, I was "Michelle."
Misaki: In reality, Michelle and Marie are both just costumes, but... there's a lot of people that consider them to be their magical friends.
Misaki: It's not that I want to do something so grand as protecting people's dreams. It's just that disappointing them doesn't feel right.
Misaki: That's why when I'm dressed like this, I want to be a flawless Michelle. And I was hoping you'd do the same for Marie...
Himari: ...
Misaki: Of course, I'm not saying you should force yourself. They're only costume characters, so you don't need to go that far, as long as your feelings-
Himari: Misaki-chan... you're amazing...!
Himari: I can't believe you put this much thought into acting as Michelle... No, you actually became Michelle!
Misaki: Huh? No, that's just my general feelings on the topic. It's nothing that praiseworthy...
Misaki: No, that's not right. If those are my general feelings... Then that means...
Misaki: Somewhere along the way, I've completely gotten used to being Michelle... Sigh.
Himari: That's right! I was really moved!
Himari: I need to show that I can give it my all as Marie so I can live up to your feelings as well, Misaki-chan!
Himari: Today, I'm not just Himari Uehara! I've become the perfect Marie... That's right! I'm "Hi-Marie!"
Misaki: Huh... "Hi-Marie"...? That's oddly clever.
Himari: Ehehe, I know, right~?! Let's keep doing our best, "Michelle!"
Misaki: ... Yeah, sure thing, "Hi-Marie."
Misaki: (That being said, I wonder if it will actually go okay...)
