event144-01 Opening: Help!

While running errands, Himari stops by Kitazawa Meats. There, she finds a troubled Hagumi...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Himari: Ugh, Mom really knows how to work a person hard...
Himari: So, I'm buying meat at Hagu's place, then I go to the vegetable stand, and then the supermarket on my way home... Okay, my plan is perfect!
Himari: Hello~! Excuse me, I'd like some meat for curry-
Hagumi: What?!
Himari: ...?!
Hagumi: You didn't tell me about that! I already said yes!
Hagumi: Wh-what do I do...?
Himari: U-ummm... Excuse me~...
Hagumi: Ah! Hii-chan!
Himari: S-sorry to interrupt you when you're busy. I came to do a little shopping...
Himari: Did... something happen?
Hagumi: It's more like... at this rate, I won't be able to keep my promise...
Himari: Promise? Huh? What do you mean? What happened?
Himari: As long as you're okay talking to me, I don't mind listening. You can tell me anything! Okay?
Hagumi: Ngh... Hii-chan...!
Hagumi: Please... help me!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Misaki: ... So you're filling in for Hagumi as Marie?
Himari: I couldn't possibly say no when she asked me for help~!
Misaki: Ahaha. Yeah, I guess not.
Misaki: So there was an overlap with her postponed softball game... Well, that can't be helped. That girl really loves softball, after all.
Himari: I know, right~? Plus, it doesn't seem like it's possible to change the schedule.
Himari: So that's where I came in! It was pretty nice timing, if I do say so myself!
Misaki: Yeah, really... Have you told the others in Afterglow about this?
Himari: No, not yet.
Misaki: Shouldn't you talk to them? If you end up double booked for your next studio rehearsal, you'll be out of options.
Himari: It's fine! I don't have any plans this Sunday!
Himari: Plus, I've got a little idea, fufu. Anyway, just leave it all to me!
Himari: ... Is what I'd like to say, but I don't know any of the details. Hagu said that Michelle would be there too, so I thought you'd know about it.
Misaki: Shouldn't you ask about that before agreeing to help?
Misaki: Well, whatever... Uehara-san, you know about the downtown area's Shopper Appreciation Day, right?
Himari: Ummm... That's the day where people can get raffle tickets, right?
Misaki: Right. That apparently starts this Sunday.
Misaki: So, in order to liven up Shopper Appreciation Day, it seems they want Michelle and Marie to come on the first and last day.
Misaki: Those two ladies... although I don't know if you can call them that... are pretty much the stars of the downtown area.
Himari: Yeah, really. There's always a bunch of shoppers any day that Michelle and Marie are there!
Himari: And I'll be inside Marie... Whoa~, that's some serious responsibility...!
Misaki: Ahaha. Well, I guess you could say that.
Misaki: That being said, it'll only be for one day, and the work should only be simple things like handing out flyers, so I don't think you need to worry.
Himari: Wait, really...?
Misaki: You'll be doing a variety of stuff, so it's easy to forget, but the most important thing is to make sure shoppers enjoy themselves.
Misaki: I think it's okay if you consider stuff like handing out flyers as a secondary concern.
Himari: We need to make sure shoppers... enjoy themselves...
Misaki: But that doesn't mean you can slack off, okay?!
Misaki: I'm just saying that's the emotion behind it... It's only natural that you wouldn't get it right away.
Misaki: Plus, I plan on providing support where I can.
Himari: Misaki-chan... Ngh, thank you~!
Himari: Michelle and Marie are the highlights of the downtown area, so I was worried about messing up, but... I'll try my best!
Himari: Don't panic or get worked up. Just enjoy it! Yeah! I'm starting to feel like I can handle this!
Himari: I'll show everyone I can be a great Marie! Hey, hey, hoh~!
(White cut)
