event144-05 Chapter 4: Becoming the Real Marie

Misaki and Himari get a sparkle in their eyes as they talk about mascot characters.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Himari Uehara, Misaki Okusawa)

[On Break]

[Downtown - Office]

Misaki: ... So, there you have it...
Himari: Hagumi wasn't Marie today. I was.
Tae: Huh, so that's what happened. Yeah, in that case, it makes sense.
Tae: Now that you mention it, I felt like your movements were different from Hagumi's.
Himari: Does that mean they were weird?! Did I not do things right?
Tae: No, that's not what I mean. I think today's Marie won when it comes to the diversity of poses during all the photos.
Himari: Really?! Thank goodness~.
Misaki: Your face says you're truly relieved. It looks like you're right at home being Marie, Uehara-san.
Himari: I'm happy to hear you say that, but... I've still got a long way to go.
Himari: ... At first, I thought I just needed to get inside the costume and move around in an exaggerated manner.
Misaki: Ah~... Well, if you're doing it normally, that's more than enough.
Misaki: I guess you could say Michelle and Marie are... a bit unique.
Tae: Everyone comes to see Michelle and Marie, not just some mascot characters.
Himari: Right! Exactly!
Himari: Michelle and Marie may be costume characters, but they're more than that... They're really important people!
Himari: I finally understand that in order to completely become Michelle and Marie, it's important to have not only their gestures and looks, but also their spirits...!
Tae: Himari became Marie right down to her core... Oh! In other words, "Hi-Marie"...!
Misaki: Seriously...? Even you're saying that, Hanazono-san...?
Himari: Sigh. Mascots are amazing.
Himari: While I'm inside one, I can see a world that I definitely wouldn't see as Himari Uehara.
Misaki: You mean like when you talked with everyone in Afterglow?
Himari: Exactly. If it had been me, I definitely wouldn't have been able to hear that!
Himari: Everyone thought they were talking with Marie, and that's why they told me their honest feelings.
Tae: Himari, you seem kind of happy.
Himari: Well of course! There's no way I wouldn't be happy after hearing what they said!
Himari: I'm so glad I was able to be Marie~.
Misaki: ...
Tae: What's wrong, Misaki?
Misaki: Huh? Oh, well... That made me kinda happy.
Misaki: Honestly, I think there are a lot of people that don't really get that they aren't just mascot characters and that you need to become them down to their spirit.
Misaki: But... I'm glad someone else recognizes the depth of mascots.
Misaki: ... I think that these characters have this... strange kind of power.
Himari: What do you mean?
Misaki: How do I put this...? Sometimes, Michelle can easily do the things that I can't.
Misaki: Like, Michelle can make kids smile that Misaki Okusawa can't... There are a bunch of moments like that.
Misaki: It feels like she can bring out a power that I don't have and expand my world for me...
Misaki: Michelle is... kind of amazing.
Tae: Fufu. That sounds so nice.
Himari: Yeah! I'm sure Michelle thinks the same thing about you, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: Huh?
Himari: Don't you think Michelle thinks of you as a reliable partner?
Misaki: Wh-what does that mean...? Michelle... thinks that about me...?
Himari: Am I wrong? Did I say something weird?
Misaki: No... It's fine. I was just a little surprised.
Misaki: I see... Michelle thinks that about me... Huh...
Himari: Still, you really are a member of Hello, Happy World!, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Hold on, how do you figure that?
Himari: I mean, you were talking so happily about the possibility of being able to make someone smile!
Misaki: Did I look that excited?
Himari: You totally did! Right, O-Tae?
Tae: Yup, I saw it too. You looked very cheerful.
Himari: You can tell you firmly believe in your band's mission of making the world smile.
Misaki: What...? C-c'mon, quit it. You're embarrassing me...!
Misaki: Actually, I take it back. Forget everything I said.
Himari: How come?
Tae: I won't forget.
Misaki: No, please forget it! Aw, man... At least don't tell anyone...!
Tae & Himari: Ahahahaha! Fufufufu.
