event144-07 Ending: Buddy

Misaki and Himari. Michelle and Marie. The pair find common ground in their feelings.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Evening]

[Downtown - Office]

Misaki: I'm glad I got some time to change thanks to Hagumi and Hanazono-san getting so carried away chatting.
Misaki: Now all our work for today is done. Uehara-san, great work today.
Himari: Good work to you too! Ahhh, it was so fun~!
Misaki: Is that really the first thing you have to say after today...? You really are amazing.
Himari: Ah, that reminds me! Misaki-chan!
Himari: Thanks for your help with everything. And I'm sorry I caused you so much trouble!
Misaki: It's okay. I had fun too.
Misaki: ... Yeah... I did have fun, didn't I...?
Himari: ...? If you had fun, isn't that a good thing?
Misaki: Ah, yeah. I really do think so.
Misaki: Honestly, I've always sorta been aware of this feeling, but I hadn't really given it much thought.
Misaki: I don't really want to admit it, but I guess it really is true. I... enjoy being Michelle more than I thought.
Himari: Misaki-chan... are you embarrassed?
Misaki: Don't ask questions if you already know the answer.
Misaki: I already said this during our break, but... Michelle really is amazing...
Himari: Yeah, she is~... But isn't Michelle still you? Are you tooting your own horn?
Misaki: Hahaha, I suppose it would sound that way. But that's not what I meant.
Misaki: How should I put it? I mean... Michelle and I have a more complex relationship than people think...
Misaki: Ugh, I can't believe I'm saying this. Maybe your honesty is rubbing off on me~.
Himari: Fufu. Is that also the power of costume characters?
Misaki: It might be. I never thought a day would come where I would think this way.
Misaki: I started being Michelle by chance, and at first, it was really tough, with nothing but unreasonable demands being forced on me.
Himari: I bet. Suddenly having to be a DJ would be a challenge.
Misaki: You said it. It was my first time doing everything, so I was super panicked.
Misaki: And now, things are to the point that I can't imagine a life where I don't become Michelle.
Misaki: Although I will admit that part of that is because it's necessary to being in my band.
Himari: Does that mean... that's not the only reason?
Misaki: ... I'm embarrassed to admit it, but yeah.
Misaki: It's not just the band. For me personally, the time I'm Michelle is really fun.
Misaki: No, it's not just fun. It's more than that... I think it's really important.
Misaki: Or maybe I'm just messing with you. I probably just have the wrong idea.
Himari: ... Misaki-chan, you're easily embarrassed, huh?
Misaki: Like I said, don't ask questions if you know the answer.
Himari: Fufu... I don't think you have the wrong idea.
Himari: After becoming Marie, there's something that I realized. There's no way you can keep doing something that hard if you don't like it or think it's important!
Misaki: ... Having you state that outright really makes me think you're right.
Misaki: ... To tell you the truth, when I found out you were the leader of Afterglow, I thought that was kind of surprising.
Himari: What?! Isn't that kinda mean?!
Misaki: Sorry, sorry. I really thought that, so I can't help it.
Misaki: But I realize that's because I didn't know anything about you.
Misaki: Now I totally get it. The members of Afterglow really have great taste.
Himari: Huh~? I don't really understand, but... can I be happy about that?
Misaki: Of course. That's a wholehearted compliment.
Himari: Oh~, that's pretty iffy! But whatever. For now, I'll just accept your praise~.
Misaki: Ahaha. Right, that would be best.
Misaki: ... Today was fun, huh?
Himari: Yeah!
Himari: Ah, but that doesn't mean I'm satisfied! There should still be areas where I'm lacking... Next time, I'll do even better!
Himari: I can't do it when I have concerts or my part-time job, but... I'll come running any other time, so call me whenever!
Misaki: Well, aren't you the reliable one~.
Himari: Ehehe~! Hi-Marie still has room for improvement, after all!
Misaki: ... Fufu.
Himari: Ahaha!
Hagumi: Hii-chan, Michelle, good job today! ... Huh?! Why are you here, Mii-kun?! Where's Michelle?!
Misaki: Huh? Ah~, ummm... Michelle is sleeping over there.
Himari: It looks like she's tired from doing her best, so let's let her sleep.
Hagumi: Awww~, that's a shame... But oh well. I'll just have to set her portion aside as a present!
Hagumi: Actually, my dad is waiting with some deluxe croquettes he made as an apology for today!
Tae: He said it's a croquette party, and we're all invited.
Himari: I'll go! I'll definitely go!
Hagumi: Yay! In that case, let's race to my house! Ready, go~!
Himari: Ah~, no fair! Wait up, Hagu!
Misaki: Sheesh. Things always end up like this at the end... Oh, that reminds me.
Misaki: Michelle, Marie. Good job today.
Misaki: ... Just kidding. Well, I think I'll take my time getting to Hagumi's place.
Misaki: Let's hope for a fun croquette party... Fufu.
(Black cut)
