event144-04 Chapter 3: Source of Our Energy

Himari is exhausted from the unexpectedly difficult work. The other Afterglow members drop by.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Marie: Michelle~, everyone~, I'm sorry... Ngh.
Michelle (Misaki): No, it's normally impossible to suddenly do a backflip.
Michelle (Misaki): If anything, we've already had you do more than plenty, Marie. So don't feel down.
Michelle (Misaki): I'll do what I can from here on, so go rest.
Marie: Yeah... Thanks, Michelle...
Marie: (Who knew things would be this hard for a mascot character. I was so naive...)
Marie: (I definitely can't keep up something this demanding. I think I'll leave the rest to Michelle and let "Hi-Marie" retire...)
Tomoe: Oh, there she is! Hey, Marie!
Marie: ...?!
Marie: (O-oh no! I forgot I encouraged everyone to come to the downtown area because I wanted to surprise them!)
Marie: (Still, why did they have to come now...? Ngh, they have the worst timing!)
Moca: Oh~... Marie's neck feels so good~. Ran, come over here and feel it~.
Ran: I'll pass.
Tomoe: Awww, that's a shame. She feels so good. Isn't that right, Marie?
Tomoe: ... Marie? Is something wrong?
Marie: (Jeez, Moca! You too, Tomoe! You both would choose this time to come over and talk to me!)
Marie: (I can't force my way to the rest area... My only choice right now is to play things out as Marie...!)
Marie: ...!
Tomoe: Oh, Marie looks like she's enjoying it too!
Ran: Really? It looks to me like she's feeling ticklish.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Good work out there, Marie and Michelle. The downtown area seems to be really lively.
Moca: There are so many sales going on. How exciting~. It would've been nice if Hii-chan had been able to come too~.
Tsugumi: That can't be helped. Himari-chan said she had something important to do.
Moca: Yeah~. It's really a shame~. Boohoo~.
Moca: I wonder what Hii-chan is doing right now~. Maybe... she's fighting an evil organization with their sights on the world~.
Ran: Yeah, sure, probably.
Moca: Awww~, don't just let that go~. C'mon, if it was Hii-chan, she definitely would've taken the bait~.
Tsugumi: She'd probably say something like, "Right... Wait, when did I fight against an evil organization?!"
Tomoe: Ahaha, she would totally say that.
Moca: And yet, Hii-chan wouldn't be totally annoyed~.
Ran: Heh... I can kinda picture that.
Tsugumi: Fufufu...
Marie: (Why won't at least one of you deny that?! Jeez~...)
Tomoe: ... You know, when we're talking like this, it really is a bit of a shame. Things feel kinda off without Himari around.
Marie: ...!
Tsugumi: Himari-chan is always the one to liven things up for Afterglow.
Ran: We definitely can't say that to her face though.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Well, I think our feelings have gotten through to her quite a bit.
Tsugumi: I think it's really wonderful how Himari-chan will always tell us how she really feels.
Tsugumi: Whenever she thinks something is good, the first thing she says is, "Isn't this awesome?!"
Moca: I know what you mean. If Hii-chan were here now, she'd probably have pounced on Marie here, saying how cute she is~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, I can almost picture that.
Tomoe: Himari is always honest with us, and that helps us accept her feelings.
Moca: Mhm. It's really soothing~.
Ran: The both of you only praise Himari when she's not around.
Tsugumi: It'd be nice if they could say that to her in person. Don't you think so too, Marie?
Marie: (Ngh... Y-you guys...!)
Ran: Whoa! Hey, why are you suddenly hugging me...?!
Moca: Ran, you're so lucky~. Marie, gimme a hug too~.
Tomoe: In that case, it's my turn after that!
Tsugumi: Fufu, Marie, you're super popular.
Marie: (I guess this is one of the ways mascot characters get energized.)
Marie: (It's hard to believe I thought I couldn't go on. Thanks, you guys! I'll try my best a little bit longer...!)
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): I had no idea that everyone from Afterglow would come... You lost the chance to head to the rest area.
Michelle (Misaki): ... Marie? What's wrong? You're spacing out.
Marie: Oh, it's nothing!
Michelle (Misaki): Really...? Okay then.
Michelle (Misaki): Well, shall we try to take a break again? I'm pretty tired too... And for some reason, Hanazono-san also tagged along.
Tae: Marie, Michelle, I came to see you again. Can I have another balloon?
Marie: Ahaha. Sure, let's go.
