event278-04 Chapter 3: A Secret Surprise

Chisato arrives at the office early and overhears a conversation between Hina and the staff...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: 25 minutes early... I might’ve gotten here a bit too soon.
Chisato: (Well, I can just use the time to stretch thoroughly.)
Chisato: (Today we’re finally learning the choreography and positions for the new song that got delayed due to production.)
Chisato: (It’s about time we ran a full rehearsal and got a clear picture of the event as a whole. That’ll help highlight any time management issues too...)
Hina: Right, right! Don’t you think it’d be super surprising if something like this happened here?
Chisato: Hm...?
Hina: Yeah, yeah! And for this part, I want it to go all bop-bop-boppin’♪
Hina: Oh, and don’t tell Eve-chan, okay!?
Staff: Got it!
Hina: ......
Chisato: What are you up to?
Hina: !
Hina: Ah~, Chisato-chan. You’re already here?
Chisato: Yes, I arrived a little earlier than expected. You’re quite early yourself, Hina-chan.
Hina: Ehehe... Did you happen to hear all that just now?
Chisato: Well... I just got here, so I didn’t catch the details.
Chisato: But I could tell you’re planning something in secret from everyone else.
Hina: Thought so~.
Chisato: ...So? What are you scheming?
Hina: Hmm...
Hina: You know how they say Santa comes to visit good kids on Christmas?
Hina: Then I thought... maybe Santa also visits the Santas who are good kids themselves.
Chisato: Hina-chan, that means...
Chisato: ...No, I won’t pry. But just one thing—if you’re planning a surprise, you need to give the staff and others involved a more concrete heads-up.
Hina: Huh?
Chisato: I’m sure you have a proper plan in mind, but you still need to share the details properly.
Chisato: Saying stuff like “bop-bop-boppin’♪” isn’t exactly clear communication.
Hina: Chisato-chan...
Chisato: Also, if you’re going to discuss this with the staff, be more mindful of the timing.
Chisato: It was fine this time because it was me, but if the person you’re planning it for had walked in, the surprise would’ve been ruined.
Chisato: So, from now on, be extra careful. I’ll help however I can—
Hina: Wait, really!? You’ll help me!?
Chisato: ! ...
Hina: Honestly, I thought if I told you, you’d say something like, “What if it messes up the event schedule?”
Chisato: ...If it might interfere with the event, I would stop you. But...
Chisato: I want to make her happy too, just like you.
Hina: ...I see! Ehehe.
Aya: Good morning! Oh, Hina-chan, Chisato-chan!
Maya: Good morning! You’re both early.
Aya: I didn't wanna be late again, so I was sure Maya-chan and I would be the first ones here~
Hina: You underestimated us, Aya-chan~.
Aya: Uugh~...
Chisato: Oh, a message from Eve-chan. Looks like she’ll be cutting it close.
Aya: Then let’s do some stretching while we wait!
Hina: ......
Maya: Hina-san? Something on your mind?
Hina: Hey, everyone...
Hina: I’ve got a teensy little thing I want to ask about—
