event278-07 Ending: Another Surprise

After pulling off the surprise for Eve, the girls head to the office for a Christmas party.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina & Aya: The surprise was~... A total success~!
Chisato: Sorry, Eve-chan. Even if it was for the surprise, we did leave you alone on stage.
Eve: I was so surprised... But when did you all plan that?
Maya: Hina-san came up with the idea and coordinated everything with us and the staff.
Maya: Right, Hina-san?
Hina: Well, it is Christmas, after all! You can never have too many bop-bop-boppin’♪ moments!
Hina: Like, maybe~... a Santa who came all the way from Finland gets a present from someone too.
Eve: Hina-san...
Eve: ...I didn’t manage to say this properly on stage, but let me say it now.
Eve: The view from the stage—it was truly beautiful.
Eve: It looked just like the glowing lights in the snow back home...
Eve: That view, and the fact that everyone gave it to me as a gift... I’ll never forget it!
Eve: But! The fun is just getting started!
Aya: Yeah! Now it’s time for our five-member Christmas party!
Hina: I wonder what kind of food there is~ Oh! Maybe someone will do a magic show!?
Chisato: Hina-chan, the staff probably had their hands full already.
Maya: We left all the prep to them, so I’m really looking forward to seeing what they did.
Aya: Come on, let’s head in!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Eh...?
Hina: Waaah, amazing!
Maya: I-It really is... So many dishes I’ve never seen before...
Chisato: Wow... I can’t believe they prepared this much...
Eve: Fu, fu, fu... Surprised, everyone?
Hina: Eve-chan?
Eve: My surprise was a total success!
Aya: A-A surprise!? What do you mean, Eve-chan!?
Eve: To prepare for the party, I cooked at home in secret and came to the office yesterday to decorate!
Eve: Of course, the staff helped out too!
Aya: Eh~~!?
Chisato: We were just finalizing our surprise plans yesterday too... I can’t believe the staff were working on both!
Eve: ...Hina-san said she was interested in what Christmas is like in my home country.
Hina: !
Eve: I wanted everyone to know more about the things I love... so I talked to the staff and we worked on this together.
Hina: I see. Thank you, Eve-chan.
Hina: Hey hey! Let’s start the party!
Hina: I wanna try the food you made, Eve-chan!
Aya: Yeah yeah! I’m starving~!
Chisato: Totally. We all worked hard on the Christmas event, after all.
Maya: Fuhehe, for sure. Eve-san, would you do the honors for a toast?
Eve: Of course! Everyone, grab a drink!
Eve: Today was truly wonderful—a perfect Christmas.
Eve: I’m so happy we got to celebrate such a special night together. Let’s make the rest of the evening just as amazing!
Eve: This is how you say “Merry Christmas” in Finnish. Feel free to repeat after me—
Eve: Hyvää joulua!
Aya, Chisato, Hina & Maya: Hyvää joulua!!
