event278-03 Chapter 2: Distance with the Fans

On the day of the Christmas event results, Aya grows anxious about how the fans will react...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Staff: Great job with costume fitting today. As always, please be especially mindful of any size changes from this point onward...
Aya: ......
Chisato: ...Aya-chan?
Aya: Eh!? W-What is it, Chisato-chan!?
Chisato: I should be the one asking. You seem kind of restless...
Aya: W-Well... it's just... the results for the Christmas event ticket lottery are being announced right about now.
Eve: Ah, that’s right!
Maya: We did hear from the staff how applications were going... Can’t believe it’s already time.
Hina: Everyone who applied got in, though~.
Aya: Ahaha, yeah, guess it didn’t sell out instantly... But I was still surprised by how many people signed up.
Chisato: True. If it were at our usual venue, it would've been packed.
Eve: Aya-san, is there something on your mind?
Aya: Ugh! Well, um...
Hina: Aya-chan, you’re curious about the fans’ reactions, right~?
Aya: I-I mean... just a little...
Staff: Well, there’s nothing else on the agenda, so go ahead and take a peek.
Aya: Yay! Just for a little bit, then~.
Eve: I-I’ll check too, since we’re here...!
Chisato: Eve-chan, I won’t stop you, but try not to take anything too seriously, okay?
Aya: It’ll be fine today, I’m sure. ...Look, look! Everyone’s happy they got tickets!
Fans: “Can’t believe I get to see Pastel＊Palettes at a venue like this.” “Can’t wait to see what they do this time.”
Fans: “I want Pastel＊Palettes to see this venue packed, so I’m gonna do my best to spread the word.”
Maya: They’re all celebrating how much Pastel＊Palettes has grown with us...
Chisato: Yeah... Let’s make sure we don’t let their expectations down.
Eve: Yes! I feel even more motivated now!
Hina: I wanna see too~ Let’s see... “Pastel＊Palettes event”...
Hina: ...“Happy to see a bigger venue, but feels kinda bittersweet... like Pastel＊Palettes is getting farther away.”
Hina: ...That’s what it says. That we feel farther away...?
Hina: Ah, maybe it just means with a bigger venue, the seats in the back feel physically far from the stage?
Eve: I’m not sure either... Chisato-san, do you know?
Chisato: That phrase refers to how fans sometimes feel about celebrities. When someone they support becomes more successful, it can feel like they’ve become out of reach.
Chisato: Of course, like Hina-chan said, I do think physical distance plays a part—but I’d say it’s more about emotional distance.
Eve: Out of reach... I didn’t know there was a word for that...
Aya: I remember feeling that way too, when an idol I liked made it to TV. Like they had moved farther away somehow...
Hina: Huh... so that’s how it is.
Maya: Being seen that way feels kinda lonely...
Aya: But it’s okay!
Aya: If people say we’ve gotten far, that just means we’ve gotten big—and that’s a good thing for an idol!
Eve: Aya-san... Yes, you’re right!
Chisato: Alright, enough chatting. We should head to the lesson studio.
Maya: Yeah. I’ll go borrow the key.
Hina: .........
Eve: Hina-san?
Hina: I wonder if we’ve really gone far.
Hina: We’ve been right here all along, haven’t we?
Eve: ?
