1:10972 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya)

Anon: I'm almost out of picks… I'll go buy some more!
Tomori: Okay… Go ahead.
Anon: Do you need me to pick up anything for you, Tomorin?
Tomori: Umm… Maybe a notebook… or plasters…
Anon: Ahh~… I don't think they have those here~… How about we go buy those together after this?
Tomori: Okay…!


2:10973 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Rana Kaname)

Tomori: …...
Rana: …...
Tomori: (I'm alone with Rana-chan. I should say something…)
Tomori: Umm… Rana-chan… Huh…?
Rana: Zzz… Mumble mumble…
Tomori: (She's fallen asleep. I guess I shouldn't wake her.)


3:10974 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Soyo Nagasaki)

Tomori: Um… What are you drinking, Soyo-chan…?
Soyo: This? It's a juice mix of eight different vegetables.
Tomori: It sounds extremely bitter… Is it tasty?
Soyo: Not at all. It's so terrible I can't stand another sip.
Tomori: Then, why…?
Soyo: A certain someone told us dead seriously we had to "do it for a lifetime", so I'm taking care of my health.
Tomori: Uuh… Sorry… But, thank you.


4:10975 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Taki Shina)

Tomori: Taki-chan… Maybe I should play an instrument too…?
Taki: Eh… I think you're okay as you are though. But for the sake of it, what are you thinking of?
Tomori: Like Ano-chan said before… Maybe a tambourine, or a triangle…
Tomori: And then… castanets…?
Taki: … Just forget about all that.


5:10976 [RiNG]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname)

Rana: Candy.
Anon: Eh? Now? Hmm do I have one?… Ah, here we go.
Anon: But this flavor…
Rana: Mine.
Anon: Ah, wait, Rana-chan--
Rana: …!? Mm! Mm!!!
Anon: Ah… I guess you were bad with mint after all--


6:10977 [RiNG]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki)

Anon: Hey hey, so do students at Tsukinomori invite each other to fancy parties?
Soyo: Yeah, they do.
Anon: Must be nice~! Gorgeous dresses, luxurious food… You gotta take me to one of those~
Soyo: … I don't know what you're imagining, but it's a lot more of a pain than you think.
Soyo: The dress is hard to move in, and they're mostly standing receptions, so your legs hurt after a while.
Soyo: And to make things worse, you have to be very mindful of etiquette and stuff--
Anon: Alright alright, I get that it's tough already!


7:10978 [RiNG]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Taki Shina)

Anon: Working at a livehouse does sound kinda cool~ Maybe I should get a part-time job at RiNG too?
Taki: No way.
Anon: Huh, why not?
Taki: You're the kind that would only take fun jobs that stand out.
Anon: Ugh…
Taki: If you have that much free time, maybe you should be practicing your guitar instead.
Anon: S-So harsh...


8:10979 [RiNG]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Taki Shina)

Anon: There was a seriously loud bang from behind the counter just now, is everything alright?
Taki: Aah, that. You don't have to worry about it.
Anon: Eh? B-But…
Taki: There's a senior at work here that's a bit, how to say… noisy, or maybe careless… It's just how she is.
Taki: I've gotten used to it by now.
Anon: Is that really okay…?


9:10980 [RiNG]

(Character: Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki)

Soyo: Rana-chan, I've told you a million times, please be on time for practice.
Rana: Got it.
Soyo: You don't get it at all, do you.
Rana: Got it.
Soyo: Really? Can you promise me then? I don't want to get mad at you, Rana-chan.
Soyo: So… please?
Rana: … I'll try my best.


10:10981 [RiNG]

(Character: Rana Kaname, Taki Shina)

Rana: Matcha parfait.
Taki: I don't see anyone around here named matcha parfait.
Rana: Mm--… Rikki.
Taki: …...
Rana: Rikki.
Taki: … What?
Rana: Matcha parfait.
Taki: Seriously, you…!


11:10982 [RiNG]

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

Taki: So is working part-time really prohibited at Tsukinomori?
Soyo: Not in particular. Some of my seniors and classmates have part-time jobs too.
Taki: Huh, that's surprising for a rich girls' school.
Soyo: Although, I suppose they're not really doing it because they need the money, but more of as a way to learn about society.
Taki: Well, I guess that's probably true.


12:11019 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu)

Tomori: There's a lot of different picks on sale...
Tomori: This is... tear-shaped...? It's smooth, and hard...
Tomori: This one is... like an onigiri... It's thinner and softer than the previous one...
Tomori: ... These might be kind of interesting.


13:11034 [RiNG]

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

Soyo: There's a lot of flyers recruiting for members.
Soyo: Seems like it's mostly searching for guitarists or vocalists.
Soyo: But there are a few rare ones...
Soyo: A DJ, a wind instrument player... A dancer?


14:61105 [RiNG]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: By the way, is our next rehearsal in my basement tomorrow?
Kasumi: Nope, it's the day after tomorrow! Tomorrow, Saya and I have our part-time jobs!
Arisa: Ah, I see... I guess you're working now, too.
Kasumi: Huh?! What's gotten into you so suddenly?
Arisa: Well, I mean, remember how you'd say, "Let's practice!" or "Let's go hang out!" immediately after school? I was just thinking how that hasn't happened as much recently.
Kasumi: Arisa, are you feeling lonely?
Arisa: That's not what I'm saying!


15:61106 [RiNG]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome)

Kasumi: Rimi-rin, Rimi-rin. Look at these pictures! Yesterday, Aa-chan and I made gelatin~!
Rimi: Wow~, how cute! Those are star-shaped gelatins, aren't they?
Kasumi: Yup! I more or less memorized how to make them, so I wanna make some with everyone in Poppin'Party next time~!
Rimi: That might be nice. What shapes should we make?
Kasumi: Hmm~. What about a gelatin that looks exactly like Arisa?!
Rimi: That would be cute, but I probably couldn't bring myself to eat it~.


16:61107 [RiNG]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

Tae: Hey, Arisa. Why don't we try coming here next time Kasumi and Saya are working?
Arisa: Nope. Saya would be fine, but Kasumi would probably get over-excited.
Tae: In that case, we just need to disguise ourselves. Why don't we secretly watch her so she doesn't find out?
Arisa: Disguise ourselves...? There's no need for us to go that far...
Tae: For example, we could wear rabbit headbands. I've got some in my bag, so hold on a second.
Arisa: Why do you have those now?! ... More importantly, that's not a disguise!


17:61108 [RiNG]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

Tae: The same song is lingering in my mind. Could it be because I was practicing it for so long?
Saya: There are times when that happens. What song were you practicing?
Tae: The one we made before. It has a great tempo, so it's really addictive.
Saya: Fufu. I see. I like that song, too.
Tae: I think I played it for almost three hours today.
Saya: Ahaha... I'm glad that you like it, but make sure to take breaks.


18:61109 [RiNG]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

Rimi: Would you like one of the candy drops I bought from the downtown candy store, Saya-chan?
Saya: Ah, those are the candy drops in a can. They're pretty retro and cute.
Rimi: I wonder what flavor will come out... Ah.
Saya: Is this color... for mint flavor?
Rimi: I'm not really a fan of this flavor... Are you okay with it, Saya-chan?
Saya: Yeah. Jun and Sana buy these drops from the candy lady's store, and I'm usually in charge of eating the mint ones.
Saya: I've grown to like it after eating it a couple of times. I'll take this one.
Rimi: Fufu. I see. That reminds me, my sister often ate my mint candies for me.


19:61110 [RiNG]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

Ran: Hum, hum, hum...♪
Moca: What's this~? It's rare for you to be humming, Ran. You must be in a good mood~.
Ran: ... N-no...! I just thought of a phrase that sounded kinda good...
Moca: Come now~, are you sure you weren't thinking of something tasty? My humming divination is spot on most of the time~.
Ran: What in the world is humming divination...?


20:61111 [RiNG]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa)

Ran: There are a lot of event flyers here. Are there any events you're interested in, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Yeah... Doesn't this one seem interesting?
Ran: Rock Fight Fest? It's not very large-scale, but "the band that puts on the hottest show wins," huh...?
Tomoe: In that case, we'll wanna enter. It's perfect for us.
Ran: Right. Why don't we check to see if they're still looking for entries?


21:61112 [RiNG]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

Himari: We were on a roll in rehearsal today! Your drumming was cool as always, Tomoe~.
Tomoe: Haha. You were putting out some good sounds, too, Himari.
Himari: Ehehe. Do you think so~...?
Tomoe: Ahh... Looks like your stomach was sounding off, too.
Himari: Ngh... Well, I practiced a lot, so I can't help it!
Tomoe: Haha! Then how 'bout we stop by Galaxy Ramen on our way home? I'm feeling hungry, too.


22:61113 [RiNG]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Ah. Himari-chan, is that a fashion magazine you're reading?
Himari: Yeah. I was wondering what kind of concert outfits we should go with next. What kind of outfit do you wanna wear, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Me? Ummm... Sorry. I don't think I can come up with anything very quickly.
Himari: In that case, let's look at some clothes on our way home from practice! I found an awesome shop next to RiNG~!
Tsugumi: Yeah, okay! I bet I'll find a lovely outfit if I'm with you!


23:61114 [RiNG]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Moca: Tsugu~, can we stop by RiNG's shop on our way home? I wanna look at the new cables~.
Tsugumi: Yeah, sure. It sure is convenient having a place we can casually drop by on our way home from practice.
Moca: You said it. And we won't have to worry if Hii-chan ever forgets her equipment~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... But Edogawa Music has a good lineup of goods, too. They even have some effects pedals that I've only seen there.
Moca: And they're really reliable when it comes to instrument maintenance~. Both shops have major selling points~.


24:61115 [RiNG]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

Aya: ... Ah, this angle might work! C'mon, Chisato-chan. Come over here! Let's take the picture together!
Chisato: Umm... Like this?
Aya: Get a little closer! Here we go... Say cheese!
Aya: Wow, this looks really great! There's so much greenery, and the interior is fashionable, so this looks really great in online photos~.
Chisato: Yes, the lighting is wonderful as well.
Aya: I know, right?! Ah, this angle's great too! Come join me, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: ... Aya-chan, haven't we done enough already? That was our tenth picture.


25:61116 [RiNG]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

Aya: Look, look, Hina-chan! I won a cute keychain from a department store lottery~.
Hina: Ooh, it's a red crab keychain. It's funny how big and round the eyes are!
Aya: Yeah. It's so cute that I can't decide what to attach it to... Maybe it'll look good on my bag~.
Aya: If you also have any lottery tickets, why don't you try playing? You might win a lovely prize!
Hina: Nah, I played the other day. I got some crab that I think was first prize.
Aya: Crab...?! Not a keychain, but... the real thing?
Hina: Yeah! I was planning on eating it on my next day off, so you can come over and join me if you want!


26:61117 [RiNG]

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Maya-san, did you see yesterday's special idol program?
Maya: Ahh. If I remember correctly, it featured several idol teams gathering to have an athletic meet, right?
Maya: That program is said to be an idol's gateway to success, so I was interested in seeing it, but... how was it?
Eve: I felt true bushido from it! I am certain the results were due to repeated training.
Eve: I have observed archery before and have experienced horseback riding as well. But I believe it takes a suitable amount of training to do both simultaneously!
Maya: What? There was horseback archery at an idol athletic meet?!


27:61118 [RiNG]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Ah, there is a message from Hina-san in the group chat! It looks like it is an invitation to go stargazing.
Eve: It seems a meteor show will be visible this evening, so will you also join in, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Now that I recall, that was also covered on this morning's news. I imagine that would be fine if it doesn't run too late.
Chisato: Let's join up with Hina-chan once we've properly dealt with today's rehearsal.
Eve: Yes! We must finish that which we need to do first!


28:61119 [RiNG]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

Maya: Ooh, I didn't expect to find this in a place like this!
Hina: Is that... a music magazine? It's smaller than a regular magazine and pretty cute.
Maya: Actually, this is a hardcore informational magazine for equipment! I hardly ever see it at regular bookstores...
Maya: It has an amazing reputation, yet it is such an urban legend that you never know where you will run across a copy~!
Hina: Wow, so it's like a tsuchinoko of the music magazine world. In that case, you've gotta seize it right away!
Maya: Right! I'll go buy it immediately!


29:61120 [RiNG]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara)

Kokoro: Look, Kanon! That ball hanging from way up on the ceiling is glowing!
Kanon: Fufu. It's such a stylish light, isn't it?
Kokoro: I bet it would feel so wonderful if we could be in a place as high up as that!
Kokoro: Let's give it a try, Kanon!
Kanon: Huh? How would we do that...? You're not saying we should hang from that light, are you...?!


30:61121 [RiNG]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Oh my. Whatever are you doing crouched down in a place like that, Kokoro?
Kokoro: There are such pretty flowers here, but there are no buggies around. I wonder where they went.
Kaoru: Fufu... All of the insects who reside here may be quite bashful.
Kokoro: Oh, but there's nothing to be shy about! ... I know. Maybe they'll all come out if I sing a song for them!
Kaoru: That is a magnificent idea, Kokoro. I am sure a surprise concert will cause their hearts to leap with joy, and they will reveal themselves to us.
Kokoro: Yeah! I bet they won't be able to stop themselves from dancing! Then here I go~... La lala~♪


31:61122 [RiNG]

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: The other day, Ako-chin showed me her glowing drumsticks! They were sparkly and really cool!
Misaki: Huh. I hardly ever see people that actually use those...
Hagumi: She said she uses them to practice sometimes! I wonder if I could get my bass to glow like that~.
Hagumi: That way, we could even have concerts at night! You can see them clearly, even in dark places!
Misaki: Oh come on. That's not really the reason why they glow, right?
Hagumi: Ah! Can Michelle glow, too? I'll try asking her next time!
Misaki: Ahaha... I think she might have a hard time if she stands out any more than she already does.


32:61123 [RiNG]

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

Kanon: You know, I heard there's a store with lots of fluffy mascot merchandise in this neighborhood.
Hagumi: Really?! I wanna go see it!
Kanon: I thought you might want to go. But, uh...
Hagumi: Do you not know how to get there?
Kanon: I know the general location of it, but I'm a little worried... Would you mind looking at the map with me?
Hagumi: Of course! Leave it to me!
Kanon: Fufu. Thanks.


33:61124 [RiNG]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

Kaoru: Misaki, this location is brimming with potential for fleetingness... Wouldn't you agree?
Misaki: Ahaha... Is your fleetingness radar on full power, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Precisely. First, look at these charming flowers. And these trees that forcefully spread their roots.
Kaoru: Each brims with the radiance of life. I thought that if I poured these feelings into verse and placed a collection of my poetry here, it would result in perfect fleetingness.
Misaki: Umm, I think that would startle the person in the shop, so wouldn't it be better to reconsider leaving your poetry collection here?
Kaoru: I see. So that is what you mean. Then, as you desire, what say we hold a live reading of Kaoru Seta's poetry anthology?
Misaki: Ahaha... I didn't ask for that, though...


34:61125 [RiNG]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

Yukina: ... Lisa.
Lisa: Hm? ... Ah, why don't we go to a café? You're thirsty, right?
Yukina: I am, but... how did you know?
Lisa: Ahaha. That's nothing to be surprised about at this point, is it? It usually shows on your face.
Yukina: I see. I was told quite the opposite by people at the university.
Lisa: Well, I can't have you underestimating the power of a childhood friend! Just kidding☆


35:61126 [RiNG]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

Rinko: Yukina-san, the playlist you recommended to me... was wonderful...
Yukina: If I remember correctly, that was a playlist of songs that help you relax, wasn't it? I'm glad you liked it.
Rinko: Yes... I think it might be nice if... we could use music like this in Roselia's songs...
Yukina: I see... However, I sent you that because I thought it could be somewhat of a change of pace for you... You're always so eager.


36:61127 [RiNG]

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Rin-rin, would you help me with my book report homework?
Rinko: Sure, but... didn't you write a book report the other day...?
Ako: I turned it in, but my teacher said they wanted me to do it a little more properly. So I have to do it over again~.
Rinko: Does that mean... you had too many sound effects... like bang... or boom...?
Ako: No. I thought I wrote it pretty cool... I know. I'll try reading it, so give it a listen! Umm, here's how it starts~...
Ako: ... "A dark fallen angel, risen from the abyss, shall snuff the light from this world..."
Rinko: That's more like a summoning spell... than a report...


37:61128 [RiNG]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Great job in today's practice! Sayo-san, can we walk home together?!
Sayo: I would not mind that. Shall we have some tea before we do so?
Ako: Yay! In that case, I wanna have a convenience store meat bun!
Ako: There's a nice park close to the station, so I want to eat it with you there~...
Sayo: I see. Then let's stop at the nearby convenience store on our way there.


38:61129 [RiNG]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Mmm♪ Sayo, the cookies you made are super tasty!
Sayo: Fufu. I am glad to hear you say that, Imai-san.
Lisa: Did you use almond powder as your secret ingredient? I'm really hooked on how fragrant they are.
Lisa: Now I feel like making cookies, too... Hey, Sayo. Why don't we make some together this time?
Sayo: That would be wonderful. Why don't we bring them in as a treat for everyone during rehearsal?


39:61130 [RiNG]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Thanks for waiting, Mashiro-chan. I finished my shopping.
Mashiro: You were chatting with the person at the register. What were you talking about?
Tsukushi: When I mentioned how cool their keyrings are, they gave me one.
Mashiro: Wow, you're right... It has a Saturn charm on it. And it even relates to the name of the live house...
Tsukushi: Huh? Keyring... RiNG... I see. What a lovely sense of playfulness!


40:61131 [RiNG]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Hey~, Shiro-chan. What's that song you've been listening to?
Mashiro: Nanami-chan... It's Poppin'Party's newest song. Do you want to listen to it with me?
Nanami: Huh? Can I? Then I will. I'll borrow half of your earphones~.
Mashiro: Okay... This part where they start singing is really lovely, isn't it...?
Nanami: You're right~... Fufu. Listening to music with each of us having one earphone like this feels like such a high school thing to do~.


41:61132 [RiNG]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Isn't there a showy and cool way of performing...? Something perfect for me that screams, "This girl is a genius"...
Rui: While you are free to consider that, could you focus when we are practicing?
Toko: ... Gasp! I've got it! I'll play using my elbow at full power... Whaddya think of naming it "elbow style"?!
Toko: Oh man, I really am a genius! No one can imitate this imagination of mine!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, focus on practicing properly.


42:61133 [RiNG]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Some girls I know told me they started a band. Apparently, they want some advice for their concert. Can you think of anything, Toko-chan?
Toko: Oh, leave stuff like that to me! As their senior, I'll give them a great answer!
Tsukushi: Ohh~, you always get carried away so quickly... So, what's your advice?
Toko: Hmmm~. What if that band just has a joint concert with us? If we play with them in their first performance, they'll be legendary in a single shot!
Tsukushi: Huh? A joint concert? Isn't that too sudden...? They only just started. If we asked them to have a joint concert with us, I'm sure it'd be a problem for them too...!
Toko: C'mon, that's not for us to decide! We can go ask them right now, so lead the way!
Tsukushi: What~? W-wait, Toko-chan!


43:61134 [RiNG]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

Rui: Hiromachi-san, what is it that you have been drawing?
Nanami: Wah~! It's not done, so don't look yet~! I was just thinking of a flyer for our next concert...
Rui: It did not look that way to me. It looked as though you were drawing an elaborate portrait.
Nanami: Ahaha... It's not a portrait. It's a caricature of Shiro-chan and the others~. I thought it would be fun to have caricatures of us on our concert flyer~...
Rui: You make a valid point. As an arrangement for audience members who will see us for the first time, that is not a bad plan.
Nanami: Ooh~. It sounds like I got your seal of approval. Check it later when it's done, okay?


44:61135 [RiNG]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Masuki Sato)

LAYER (Rei): Our playing a minute ago was great. Masuki, you went wild again today.
MASKING (Masuki): That was nothin'. I can still keep goin'.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. In that case, I don't think I've had enough either. How about we cut our break here?
MASKING (Masuki): Right! Let's do the previous song one more time.
LAYER (Rei): Okay. I'm feeling kind of fired up.


45:61136 [RiNG]

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

PAREO (Reona): Hmmm... I see. So, they placed a short comment here...
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO, our business here is done, so we're leaving... PAREO?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, my apologies, CHU²-sama! Could I ask you to wait for a short while longer?
PAREO (Reona): This pop-up corner is done extremely well! There is no unnecessary information, and it is easy to see with a structure that draws the eye...
CHU² (Chiyu): True... We might be able to use that for RAS promotions as well.
CHU² (Chiyu): Fine. You get one more minute. Make sure you burn it into your memory so you can use it for the release of our next new song.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~! I will carry out that duty with whole-hearted devotion!


46:61137 [RiNG]

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san, LOCK-san. Do you have any requests for snacks for our next band rehearsal?
LOCK (Rokka): Requests? Umm... Hmm, let me think...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, that's it! What about some marshmallow rabbit collab treats?
PAREO (Reona): If I am not mistaken, is that the character that Mashiro-san likes?
LOCK (Rokka): That's right! She told me that marshmallow rabbit mini tarts are available, so I've been curious about them.
LOCK (Rokka): She also sent me a picture... Here, these are the ones.
PAREO (Reona): Wow~, how cute!! We should definitely go with these! Cuteness is justice!


47:61138 [RiNG]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Chiyu Tamade)

LAYER (Rei): CHU², you've listened to this artist's songs before, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. Their progressive sound production is interesting. If you're curious about them, I'll send you a playlist.
LAYER (Rei): Ah, that's not what I mean... I was asked to play backup for them at their next concert.
CHU² (Chiyu): You got a backup request from this artist? That's just what I would expect from RAS's LAYER! Make sure you hit them with everything you've got!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu... Okay. I'll really let them have it.


48:61139 [RiNG]

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

LOCK (Rokka): Puff~, puff~... Hmm~, this is so hard...
MASKING (Masuki): ... LOCK, what're you doin'?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Masuki-san! I'm trying to blow a bubble with my gum, but I'm having trouble doing it...
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh... You're pretty clumsy with stuff like that.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-that's not true, Masuki-san~... I'll do my best to practice, so if you wouldn't mind, please teach me some tips!
MASKING (Masuki): You... are as cute as ever.


49:61140 [RiNG]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

Hagumi: What is this~? It's amazing! Hey, Kaa-kun. Look at this website~!
Kasumi: What is it~? Whoa! How cute~! This bass has so many plushies on it!
Hagumi: Just now, I was searching to see if there are any Michelle-shaped basses~. That's when I found a page introducing the world's most interesting basses!
Kasumi: This site is awesome! Ah, this bass is shaped like a shield~! It looks so sturdy~!
Hagumi: With a bass like this, I could protect everyone no matter what happens!


50:61141 [RiNG]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rei Wakana)

LAYER (Rei): Phew... I ate a little too much even though I have practice after this.
Tae: We couldn't help it. Everything at the sweets buffet you invited me to was really good.
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu. I'm glad you liked it.
LAYER (Rei): There were foods other than sweets, like pasta, curry, and salad, but what did you like the most, Hana-chan?
Tae: Hrm... It's hard to pick just one, but...
Tae: Probably the Hamburg steak. The way its juices just came flowing out was the best.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... Next time, why don't we go to a restaurant with good Hamburg steaks?


51:61142 [RiNG]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

Arisa: Okusawa-san, you've seemed tired lately. Are you okay?
Misaki: Ah~. I have a lot of things I have to do right now... Student council alone is bad enough, but Kokoro made a new song and said she wants to have a concert tomorrow.
Arisa: Tomorrow...? But that's the day we have a student council event.
Misaki: Well... I'll figure something out with that. Plus, I've got you with me, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: Haha. Right. Leave the work to me whenever you can.
Misaki: You really are so helpful all the time...


52:61143 [RiNG]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Toko Kirigaya)

Toko: Ran-san, you were super cool during your concert just now~!
Ran: ... Thanks.
Toko: Take a pic with me to commemorate it! Ah, I might want a solo shot of you, too!
Ran: H-hey! Don't just take it so suddenly. I had my eyes closed...!
Toko: Now, now! You're really cool, so it's not a problem! And in the worst case, I can just edit the photo.
Ran: I doubt there's anything you can do about closed eyes...


53:61144 [RiNG]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

Hina: It's almost time for Roselia's new song to come out. Right, Sis?
Sayo: Yes. We have also completed preparations to unveil it at our concert.
Hina: I can't wait to hear it in concert~! You were so awesome in the teaser video that I immediately reserved a copy of the CD!
Hina: My music streaming site pre-order is complete, too. So, all that's left to do is wait for the release!
Sayo: Fufu. So you are fully prepared as well.


54:61145 [RiNG]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

Tomoe: Hey, Masuki. Wouldn't the boss at Galaxy Ramen like the song playing right now?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. She said the band was pretty good when she recommended it to me the other day.
MASKING (Masuki): What was their name again...? Um... I'm pretty sure it ended with an "S."
Tomoe: Ah~, I feel like I've heard it too. It was, like... Hercules or something...
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, yeah! Somethin' along the lines of rice omelets...
Tomoe & MASKING: I can't remember~!


55:61146 [RiNG]

(Character: Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Being here is kind of relaxing~.
Eve: I know what you mean! There is an abundance of greenery, and it is so soothing.
Tsukushi: Ah. It might be nice to have more houseplants at Hazawa Coffee, too.
Eve: Wow, how lovely! I have no doubt that adorable flowers and the fragrance of coffee would make it an even more comforting space.
Eve: We must strike while the iron is hot! Tsukushi-san, let us go searching for some right now!
Tsukushi: O-okay! Um, but we also have ask Tsugumi-senpai... Huh?! Please wait, Eve-senpai~!


56:61147 [RiNG]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Chiyu Tamade)

Yukina: ...
CHU² (Chiyu): Is it fun immersing yourself in the release video for your newest single, Yukina Minato?
Yukina: CHU²... No, I was merely recalling the time we filmed this music video.
Yukina: (The kitten I saw at the filming location was so cute... I wonder if that little one is doing well.)
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! What is with that smirk?! Now's the only time you get to bask in your sense of superiority, so you'd better get ready!!
Yukina: ... Was I making a face like that?


57:61148 [RiNG]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Hrm... Should we increase our self-introductions at the beginning? But there are times when it's cooler to start off with a song~...
Rimi: Nanami-chan, is there something on your mind?
Nanami: Rimi-rin-senpai~. I was thinking about how I'd like everyone coming to Morfonica concerts to know more about us~...
Rimi: I see. When Poppin'Party first started getting more audience members, we changed our emcee for each concert and re-introduced ourselves to everyone.
Nanami: I love that idea!! I'll talk it over with the others right away~!
Rimi: Fufu. I'm sure all of you will come up with your own kind of emceeing.


58:61149 [RiNG]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Moca: Hey there, Kokoro-chan. Are you feelin' fine~?
Kokoro: Yes, I'm feeling so very energetic again today! I'm taking a break from rehearsal right now!
Moca: Fufu. I'm glad to hear that~. Moca-chan's got a delivery for the peppy Kokoro-chan~.
Moca: I brought everyone in Hello, Happy World! a gift of buns~. Today was point day, so I ended up buying too many.
Kokoro: Thanks, Moca! I just had a fantabulous idea! Come eat them with us!
Moca: What? But it's a gift for you guys. Are you sure?
Kokoro: Of course! The buns will taste even better if we all eat them together!
Moca: In that case, I'll take you up on the offer. Let's eat~.


59:61150 [RiNG]

(Character: Rinko Shirokane, Rui Yashio)

Rinko: Ah... Yashio-san, did you also come to see the concert today...?
Rui: Yes. I heard all the members of today's band have a classical background, so I became interested.
Rui: Despite their strong tendency towards hard rock, they also have some refinement. I hoped they would serve as a reference for a new song for Morfonica.
Rinko: I know what you mean... I'm actually here for the same reason...
Rinko: Um... If you'd like, won't you watch the concert with me...?
Rui: Yes. I will join you.
Rinko: Fufu... Well then, should we get going...?


60:61151 [RiNG]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

Kaoru: Bathed in the soft sunlight, Seta Kaoru glows with lush flowering plants at her back... Ahh, how fleeting.
Maya: Kaoru-san, with you standing there, it almost seems like you're acting out a scene on stage!
Kaoru: Fufu... So, my fleetingness finds a way to give birth to a new tale no matter where I might find myself.
Maya: Ahaha... The stage background is perfect, but I'd like to play around with the lighting a bit...
Kaoru: As I would expect from you, Maya. You always think of exceptional productions with such celerity.
Maya: Ah... Huhehe. It's already become a habit of mine.


61:61152 [RiNG]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

Kanon: I see. So, wearing it this way is also possible.
Chisato: You're looking at your phone with such a serious expression. Is there something on your mind?
Kanon: Ah, Chisato-chan. I bought a pink blouse the other day, so I was searching for ways to combine outfits.
Chisato: I see. I also just bought a similar blouse. If it's okay with you, why don't we wear them together the next time we go out?
Kanon: Fufu. You're talking about matching outfits.
Chisato: Yes. Since we have similar clothes, I thought going out for a day in coordinated outfits might be nice now and again.
Kanon: Okay, sure. Then let's do that the next time we go out together.
Chisato: Fufu. Yes, let's. Now I have another thing to look forward to on our day out.


62:61153 [RiNG]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Hiya, Himari~. It looks like you've been working hard at cram school lately, huh? I heard about it from Moca.
Himari: Lisa-senpai~! That's right~. I've had a lot of assignments recently...
Lisa: I see... Well, I've got something for the hardworking Himari. Here you go!
Himari: Huh?! Is this a Roselia concert ticket?!
Lisa: It's important to take a breather now and again. Just some friendly advice from your senior... or something like that. Come see us if you can make it!
Himari: Whoa~. Yay~! Thank you so much~! I'll definitely be going!!


63:61154 [RiNG]

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

LOCK (Rokka): ... I wonder what happened after that...
Ako: Rokka, you're spacing out. Are you okay?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Ako-chan. I was wondering about the continuation of the manga I was reading yesterday. Only that volume was sold out.
Ako: I see~. Is that the series you were reading at lunch the other day?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. It's one that Mashiro-chan recommended to me...
Ako: I'm reading it, too! I have the rest of the story at home, but do you wanna come over to read it?
LOCK (Rokka): What? Can I?! B-but... wouldn't it be a nuisance for me to suddenly come over?
Ako: It's fine, it's fine! Let's go right now~!


64:61155 [RiNG]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): Sigh~. This snapshot of Aya-chan is simply the best~! Now, I will be able to do my best once again today!
Aya: PAREO-chan, hello! That's the shot we took together the other day, right?
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan! G-g-g-g-good day!
PAREO (Reona): It is so shameful that I have let you see me in such a state as this...
Aya: No, that's not true! Seeing you with a smile on your face made me feel really energetic!
Aya: Thanks, PAREO-chan♪
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan...! You have just now put me at two hundred percent happiness!


65:61156 [RiNG]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Huh? This band member recruitment poster...
Saya: Ah. Did Hazawa Coffee also get a visit from someone asking to put up a poster?
Tsugumi: Huh?! Does that mean they also stopped at Yamabuki Bakery?
Saya: Yep. A pair of girls politely asked us for permission. I could tell they were really excited to start a band.
Tsugumi: Right. They were like that when they came by our place, too. I hope they find some members.
Saya: Yeah, I hope so, too.


66:61157 [RiNG]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata)

Kasumi: It's Mashiro-chan! Yoo-hoo~!
Mashiro: Ah, Kasumi-san. Hello... U-um... Do you have your part-time job today...?
Kasumi: Today's Poppin'Party's practice day! Is it your guys' day to practice, too?
Mashiro: Yes... it is.
Kasumi: I see! If you'd be okay with it, do you wanna have a session together after this?
Mashiro: C-can we...?! B-but all of you are so talented, so we might hold you back...
Kasumi: It's practice, so it's no problem~! I'll ask the others right now.
Mashiro: I-I'll ask everyone in Morfonica, too.


