1:20029 [Downtown]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

Aya: Happy Birthday, Saya-chan!
Maya: Happy Birthday, Yamabuki-san! We got you some presents!
Saya: Wow, thanks so much! A drumstick case and drumsticks...!
Maya: I got you ones that I consider to be some of the best out there! Please try them out!
Aya: I added some camera embroidery to the case and made the sticks cute♪
Saya: Wow, this is so amazing! Ah, you even put my name on the case~! You two just made my day!
Maya: Great!
Saya: The only problem is they're so cute that I'm not sure I'll be able to make myself use them.
Aya: Ahaha, I'm happy you like them so much.
Saya: I'll take good care of them♪


2:20032 [Downtown]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Maya Yamato, Rui Yashio)

Rui: Happy Birthday, Matsubara-san. Please accept this hand cream.
Maya: Happy Birthday~! And this one is from me!
Kanon: Wow, thank you. Oh, you both got me hand cream.
Maya: Ahaha... It wasn't planned, though. Oh, but Yashio-san's is for dry skin, and the one I got is supposed to be really popular for its nice smell.
Kanon: I see. Thank you.
Rui: I saw Futaba-san using some before, so I concluded that it is something that a drummer would find useful.
Kanon: Fufu, thank you. Oh, by the way, would you two like to come with me to the music shop? There's something I want to buy.
Maya: Ohh, that sounds fun~! You can count me in!
Rui: Very well. You are both very knowledgeable, so I am sure I will be able to learn a lot.
Kanon: I-I don't think I'll be able to offer anything that useful... But it'd be nice if we could enjoy our time together on my birthday.


3:20038 [Downtown]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Ako Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

MASKING (Masuki): Ready, go.
Kokoro & MASKING: Happy birthday, Ako!
Ako: Huh?! Ngh... Thank you~!
Ako: But isn't it pretty rare for the two of you to be together? What happened?
MASKING (Masuki): We happened to run into each other at the shoppin' mall.
MASKING (Masuki): When I told her I bought a present for you, she insisted on comin' with and wouldn't take no for an answer.
Kokoro: It's for a supertastic birthday celebration after all! It would definitely be more fun to do it as a pair than by yourself!
MASKING (Masuki): There ya have it... Anyway... Here ya go. Here's your birthday present.
Ako: Whoa, it's a backpack! It has bat wings on it~! It's so cool!
Ako: Huh? Is there something inside it...?
Kokoro: It's your birthday present from me! It's a very cutieful stuffed bat toy!
Ako: Wow~, it's so fluffy~!
Ako: Thanks, you two! I'll cherish these!


4:20041 [Downtown]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

Tsugumi: Hagumi-chan, happy birthday!
Nanami: Happy birthday~!
Hagumi: Thanks, you two!
Nanami: If you'd like, please use these~. Tsugu-senpai and I chose them together.
Hagumi: Ah, I know what these are! They're those things that make a bunch of foam when you put them in the bath, right?!
Nanami: That's right! When I was having trouble trying to think of what to get you, Tsugu-senpai reached out to me and came with me to buy them.
Tsugumi: Nanami-chan was having a lot of trouble, after all. She was desperately reading a magazine with a special feature on presents.
Nanami: Tsugu-senpai, didn't I ask you to please not mention that~?!
Tsugumi: Fufufu, I'm sorry, Nanami-chan.
Hagumi: So that means you two went shopping together! That sounds like so much fun!
Tsugumi: In that case, let's go on an outing right now! I don't need to help out at the café today.
Hagumi: Really?! Let's go! You'll come too, right, Nanamin?!
Nanami: Yes, please~! Going on an outing with the both of you is something I should be asking you for~.
Hagumi: Then let's get going! Ehehe, I wonder where we should go!


5:20043 [Downtown]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

Moca: It's time for a quiz. What day is today~?
Lisa: Hm~... Is it my birthday?
Nanami: Wow, that's right...!
Moca: Aw~, you're supposed to pretend you don't know the answer~.
Lisa: Ahaha. Sorry, sorry.
Nanami: It's okay. Now then... Lisa-senpai, happy...
Moca: Birthday~.
Lisa: Thanks~! Is this... an earring stand? And this is a cute mirror!
Lisa: I was just thinking that I wanted new ones~! Did the two of you choose these for me?
Moca: That's right~. We ran into each other at the mall~. With my knowledge of you and Nanami-chin's research powers, we were able to find you the greatest presents.
Nanami: Then we talked about giving them to you together. Moca-senpai told me your favorite colors and designs, so that was really informative~.
Lisa: Fufu, Thanks so much, you two! I'll start using them today!


6:20044 [Downtown]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Yukina Minato)

Saya: Moca~, happy birthday! Here, have this. It's a special bun set just for you from Yamabuki Bakery.
Moca: Ooh~, thanks~... Wow, it's got all of my recent favorites in it~.
Yukina: Aoba-san, happy birthday.
Moca: Minato-san, are you celebrating my birthday too~?
Yukina: Yes. I was with Lisa when she was procuring your present, so I chose it with her.
Yukina: The present is with Lisa, so accept it from her later.
Moca: I see~. I think I'm starting to get really excited~.
Saya: I'm also interested to know what you chose for Moca's birthday present.
Yukina: I believe we chose something fairly normal...
Moca: Thank you very much, Minato-san~. I'll contact Lisa-san right now~.


7:20046 [Downtown]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Moca Aoba, Misaki Okusawa)

Kasumi: Ah, there she is~! Misaki-chan~!
Moca: Hey~, Misaki-chin~.
Misaki: Hm? What is it, Toyama-san, Aoba-san?
Kasumi: Misaki-chan, what day is it today?
Misaki: Huh...? Ahh... Is the answer my birthday...?
Moca: Ding ding ding, that's right~. Happy Birthday~.
Kasumi: So, let's go have your birthday party at a diner~!
Misaki: Wait, right now?! I mean, I don't really have any plans after this, but...!
Moca: Come on~, you won't regret it~.
Kasumi: You'll love the super amazing plan me and Moca-chan came up with!
Misaki: A super amazing plan at a diner, huh...?
Misaki: But I suppose you both did put in a lot of thought. Thanks, guys.


8:20049 [Downtown]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

Ran: ... Minato-san, here.
Yukina: ... It's hard to respond without more information. What exactly is in this box?
Saya: Fufu. Ran, you can do it~.
Ran: I-it's... your birthday present! Happy Birthday.
Yukina: Thank you... Mitake-san. This blue rose in a bottle is quite pretty.
Saya: Huh? Ran, you also got a Japanese herbarium with a rose?
Ran: Wait... You got one too?
Saya: Yeah, here's mine... When I saw it in the store, it reminded me of Yukina-senpai.
Saya: Who would've guessed we'd be giving the same present at the same time~?
Yukina: I appreciate both gifts. Thank you.
Yukina: Once I arrive home, I will put them next to each other.
Ran: There you have it.
Saya: I'm so glad you like them~. And once again, Happy Birthday!


9:20051 [Downtown]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Masuki Sato)

MASKING (Masuki): Maya-san! Happy Birthday!
Tsugumi: Happy Birthday!
Maya: Whoa! Thank you so much, you two~! I had no idea you knew about my birthday!
MASKING (Masuki): Of course I would! I've been lookin' forward to this day a whole lot!
Tsugumi: We bumped into each other right there. That's why we're together.
Tsugumi: So here are some presents from us! Please accept them.
Maya: Wow, is this a houseplant? Thank you, Masuki-san!
MASKING (Masuki): It's pretty cute, so hope you look after it good. It's supposed to even grow flowers.
Maya: Ooh, I can't wait to see them! I'll take care good care of it!
Tsugumi: I got you a placemat! It might look nice with your new plant on it.
Maya: That's a great idea! It looks like I'll be able to make part of my room nice and relaxing. Huhehe...
Maya: Thank you very much for these lovely gifts! I'll treasure them!


10:20053 [Downtown]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chiyu Tamade)

Hagumi: O-Tae, Happy Birthday~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Tae Hanazono... H-Happy Birthday.
Tae: Wow. It's pretty rare for you two to be together! How come, how come?
CHU² (Chiyu): Wish I knew!
Hagumi: I ran into CHU² there and thought we should celebrate your birthday together! Here! This is a present from me!
Tae: Gee, thanks! This bag's pretty hot. Croquettes?
Hagumi: Nuh-uh, I brought you minced meat cutlets today~! Plus...
Tae: Ah, they're rabbit shaped! That's so cute!
Hagumi: I know, right?! I knew you'd like it!
CHU² (Chiyu): And this... is from me. It's jerky.
CHU² (Chiyu): I still have a stash, and it looks like it's a special day, so you can have this one bag.
Hagumi: You've got jerky and minced meat cutlets! That's so much meat!
Tae: You're right! We should all go eat some Hamburg steaks then.
Hagumi: Yeah~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Why?! How'd you reach that conclusion?!
Tae: Let's go!


11:20056 [Downtown]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Rinko Shirokane, Mashiro Kurata)

Rinko: Maruyama-san... Happy Birthday...
Mashiro: This... is a present from both of us... Please accept it...
Aya: Wow~! Thanks, you two~! Ehehe, I wonder what it is. Can I open it?
Rinko: Of course... We hope you will like it...
Aya: ... Ah, this is a lot of ribbons! And they're so cute~!
Rinko: I met Kurata-san at a handicrafts store... so... we decided to choose your present together...
Mashiro: But we had trouble deciding because there were so many ribbons that'd look nice on you...
Aya: You've made me so happy~! I'll treasure every single one of them!
Aya: I know! I could style my hair with a different ribbon every day. Ah, maybe I could even have them used during shoots!
Rinko: Fufu... Having you use them often... would make us happy too...
Mashiro: Yes, it really would!


12:20057 [Downtown]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Rinko Shirokane, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai!
Rinko & Tsukushi: Happy birthday!
Tsugumi: Wow, what a surprise~! Ehehe, thank you!
Tsukushi: This is a present from us. Rinko-senpai taught me how to make it while we worked on it together!
Rinko: Futaba-san said... you are always helping her... so she tried very hard...
Tsugumi: Huh? It's handmade? I wonder what it could be~.
Tsugumi: ... Oh, it's an apron! And look at these little yellow flowers on it, it's so cute!
Rinko: Fufu... Aren't you glad she likes it...?
Tsukushi: Yeah! Thank goodness!
Tsukushi: Um... Tsugumi-senpai. I know you can't use this while you're working, but... please try wearing it when you make sweets or something!
Tsugumi: Of course! I'll take good care of it.
Tsugumi: And when I do make sweets, you both must have some!
Rinko & Tsukushi: Okay...!


13:20060 [Downtown]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta, Rui Yashio)

Himari: Kaoru-senpai! H-happy birthday!
Rui: Happy birthday.
Kaoru: Ahh, what a wicked soul I am to so unwittingly charm such adorable kittens into celebrating for me...
Himari: Eeek~! I don't know about adorable~♪
Rui: ... Uehara-san. Were you not going to give her the present?
Himari: Oh, that's right! Here, from us! We hope you like it♪
Kaoru: This is ... hair treatment and skin cream, I assume? And a handwritten letter, too.
Himari: P-please read that later!
Himari: We picked things that we thought might be good for your lovely hair and skin.
Rui: I just happened to be there when Uehara-san was looking for a gift...
Rui: Regardless, we chose products with well-established reputations. Please give them a try.
Kaoru: Indeed, I shall use them with the utmost of gratitude and care. Thank you.
Kaoru: With these gifts in hand, I swear to you that I, Kaoru Seta, shall become even more charming as I continue to deliver fleetingness and smiles to my little kittens.


14:20061 [Downtown]

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Happy Birthday~, Hina-senpai!
Hagumi: Ta-dah! Look, look! Me and Nanamin made you a capsule toy machine for your birthday!
Hina: Wow~! Thanks, you two~! "Boppin' Box♪" ...?
Nanami: It's called that because it's full of capsule toys that Hagu-senpai and I think will make you feel boppin'♪
Hagumi: We looked for all sorts of boppin' stuff, so you'll be extra-boppin' today!
Hina: That sounds so fun! I'm already feeling bop-bop-boppin'♪ And I haven't even spun the machine yet! Hey, hey, can I try once?
Hagumi: Sure! I can't wait either to see what you'll get!
Nanami: I hope you can complete our full boppin' series!
Hina: Alright! Here I go~! Hm...? What's this~?
Nanami: Oh, you got one that I put in, Hina-senpai! It's a secret toy from the super-popular first series of "Cryptid Encounters!" that came with snacks!
Hina: Huh, this is supposed to be Mothman, right? I've never seen anything like it. This is pretty boppin'♪
Hagumi: I think you'll feel really boppin' when you get the ones I put inside!
Hina: Oh~, I'm getting excited~♪ Time for some more spinning~!


15:20066 [Downtown]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

Yukina: Happy Birthday, Mitake-san.
Arisa: Um... Here. For your birthday. Hope you like it, Ran-chan. Yukina-senpai and I chose it together.
Ran: Thanks, Minato-san, Arisa. Is this... hair oil?
Yukina: Yes. It's the same one that I always use.
Ran: I never expected you to know much about this sort of thing.
Yukina: ... Lisa is the one who recommended it to me.
Arisa: I happen to be using it as well. It gives my hair a really nice luster.
Ran: I see. Seeing as it's recommended by Lisa-san, chances are it won't disappoint then.
Arisa: Also, ever since I started using the oil, it's been easier to keep my hair tamed. Less bedhead too.
Ran: Just so happens that my hair's been feeling a bit dry lately. How am I supposed to use this?
Yukina: In general, you want to use it after taking a bath, but you can also style your hair with it.
Ran: Okay. I think I'll apply a tiny bit now...
Ran: Huh... It's got a very gentle rose scent. And it doesn't feel sticky even though it's oil. Not bad. Thanks, you two.


16:20067 [Downtown]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Masuki Sato)

MASKING (Masuki): Happy Birthday, Tomoe!
Kokoro: Here you go! This ultra-special present is for you! MASKING and I made it!
Tomoe: Thanks, guys. What do we have here...
MASKING (Masuki): Himari mentioned you've got a thing for photo books, so we made one just for you! It's the only one of its kind in the whole world!
Tomoe: Whoa~! This morning dew photo's really something! Are these reflections in the dew flowers?
Kokoro: They sure are♪ I took that one! The glittering makes it look like there are flower gems, don't you think?
Tomoe: You know, I've been wondering why these photos look so familiar... Are they from the flowerbeds downtown?
Kokoro: Wow, you guessed it! Those were all taken around here!
MASKING (Masuki): What do you think of this sunrise? Pretty awesome, huh? I hopped on my bike early in the mornin' to take a picture of it.
Tomoe: You did that for me...? These are some great photos, but I'm even more touched by the fact that you went to all that trouble for my sake, Masuki.
MASKING (Masuki): Hehe. Well, seein' as you like them, I'd say it was worth it.
Tomoe: Hm...? Uh... Is this some kind of printing error? The pages for the second half are blank.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha! Nah! That space there is for the photos we're hopin' the three of us can go take together now!
Tomoe: Huh! Sounds fun...! Can't wait to decide what pictures to take!
Kokoro: Alrighty, let's go now! Since it's your birthday, Tomoe, I'm sure we'll be able to take some wonderful photos♪


17:20069 [Downtown]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ako Udagawa, Masuki Sato)

Kasumi: Ah! Massu, there you are~! Happy birthday~!
Ako: Ta-da~! Here you go! We got you a birthday present!
Kasumi: We went shopping for presents together, but it was hard to decide because there were just so many cute things to choose from~. Well, c'mon! Open it up!
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa! Thanks, guys~! Cookie cutters! ... These are cute.
Kasumi: Aren't they~?! There are all kinds of animal ones! There's one for a giraffe, an elephant, a panda, and a rabbit~!
MASKING (Masuki): I bet cookies like these would look cute on top of a parfait. Hrm...? Is this... a dragon...?
Ako: Fu fu fu~! Pretty cool, right~? You have to make cookies with it☆
Kasumi: You don't see many dragon cookie cutters! All those zig-zags might make it hard to use, though. I wonder if you'll be able to make good cookie shapes with it~.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright! Well, I'm gonna try makin' some cookies right now! Wanna join me?
Kasumi & Ako: Yay~! I wanna make cookies! Yay~! Me too~!
MASKING (Masuki): ...?! You guys...
MASKING (Masuki): Are so cute.


18:20070 [Downtown]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Kaoru Seta, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Happy birthday, Saya-san! This is a present from Kaoru-san and me.
Kaoru: An accessory kit... With which you, Saya-chan, will be able to craft accessories that exist nowhere else in the world. Ahh, how fleeting...!
Saya: Oh wow~! Thank you both! This bag... is really heavy! Can I open it now?
Eve: Yes! Please do so! Kaoru-san and I went to a store that sells supplies for making accessories. Everything was so cute... We might have bought a little too much!
Kaoru: Fufu, yet it still may not be enough of a present for a little kitten such as yourself.
Saya: Ahaha. Oh, really? Whoa~, there are so many kinds of charms and beads in here! I bet I can make a ton of accessories with all these supplies!
Saya: If you'd like, why don't we make some now? I think doing it together will be that much more fun!
Eve: That sounds nice! I would like to do that!
Kaoru: A fantastic idea indeed. A ring I shall make as I think of you, Saya-chan, and it shall be yours.
Eve: And I will make a necklace that reminds me of you! Saya-san, I will do my best to please you!


19:20071 [Downtown]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

Lisa: Happy birthday, Nanami! Here! This is a present from Moca and me☆
Moca: Ta-da~! It's a bunch of super spicy food~.
Lisa: We put everything spicy from our convenience store in it☆
Nanami: Wow~! Lisa-senpai, Moca-senpai, thank you! Everything looks pretty spicy~! Hrm? These takoyaki don't, though...
Moca: Fu fu fu~, those aren't your ordinary takoyaki~. One of them has super spicy sauce inside~.
Nanami: Wow~! How exciting~! This is exactly the kind of thing teenagers would do..! Let's try them together right now!
Lisa: Okay~! This should be fun☆ I think I'll go for the takoyaki in the middle~.
Moca: I'll have... Hmm~... Let's see~... Yoink~! This one on the left~.
Lisa: Ahaha, you really gave it a lot of thought☆ ... Hrm? I thought you didn't like spicy stuff though. Are you sure you want to do this?
Moca: Today's our cute underclassman's birthday, so Moca-chan-senpai's gonna do what she can to make it a good one~.
Nanami: Wow~! Thank you both! Okay, when I say "go," let's eat them! I'm going to win the super spicy takoyaki on my first try!


20:20072 [Downtown]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Ran: Happy birthday, Eve.
Tsugumi: Here, this is for you! Ran-chan and I got you a present!
Eve: Ran-san, Tsugumi-san, thank you! Is this... a soba-making set?!
Ran: Yep. We saw it when we were at the mall recently.
Tsugumi: We thought it might be something you would be interested in!
Eve: Actually, I have been thinking about it for a while...! I get to make my own soba. This is amazing!
Eve: According to the instructions, you mix the dough, knead it, roll it, and then cut it... That is all!
Ran: Sounds like it's actually pretty easy to make.
Eve: Even I should be able to...! I wish I could try right away!
Tsugumi: Fufu, I thought you might say that, so I have all the ingredients ready for you. There's still a little more time before the shop opens, so let's try making some now!
Eve: Really~?! Thank you! We can have a soba noodles party!


21:20076 [Downtown]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Ako Udagawa)

Saya: Happy birthday, Hagumi~!
Ako: We got this present for you~!
Hagumi: Really~? A present from you guys~?! I wonder what it is~!
Ako: Hurry and open it~♪
Hagumi: Wow~! Sandals with flowers on them~! They're so cute~!
Ako: Fu fu fu~! These are sunflowers with a sacred brilliance... We thought they'd be perfect for you!
Saya: Fufu, having them on the tip gives the sandals a summer look, doesn't it?
Hagumi: Yeah! Saya, Ako-chin, thanks a bunch! Hey, can I try them on now?
Saya: Go for it♪
Hagumi: Yay~! It's like sunflowers are growing from my feet!
Ako: They look grrreat on you!
Saya: I hope you'll wear them a lot this summer.
Hagumi: I will! I'll wear them so much!
Hagumi: I can't wait to show these to everyone~.


22:20077 [Downtown]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Rui Yashio)

Rui: Happy birthday, Tsurumaki-san.
Rimi: Happy birthday, Kokoro-chan!
Kokoro: Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday, you two! I'm so happy right now~!
Rimi: Um, we have a present for you. Rui-chan and I picked it together. We hope you like it.
Kokoro: Really? I wonder what it is? What a huge watermelon! It's very nice~!
Rimi: Fufu, it's a watermelon shoulder bag♪
Kokoro: I see! It might be perfect for hauling a watermelon around!
Rui: I doubt you would be able to fit an actual watermelon... Small articles such as a purse or handkerchief should fit, however.
Kokoro: I'm in the mood for some watermelon! Rimi, Rui, let's go eat some right now!
Rimi: Okay♪ I wonder where we can though...
Rui: Are we going to a nearby fruit café, perhaps?
Kokoro: Nope, the grocery store! Let's buy a watermelon and do some watermelon splitting together!
Rimi: ...!
Kokoro: What do you think?
Rimi: I-I was a little surprised, but if it's something you want to do, let's do it, Kokoro-chan.
Rui: Since it is your birthday, you are welcome to do whatever you wish.
Kokoro: Then it's decided! Off to the grocery store we go~!


23:20079 [Downtown]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Moca~, happy birthday!
Sayo: Happy birthday, Aoba-san.
Moca: Ehehe~. Thanks~.
Sayo: ... Why are you sticking out your hands?
Moca: Because birthdays mean you-know-what~.
Moca: Something like a super special birthday present for good old me~.
Lisa: Of course, we've got something! But we're saving it for later!
Sayo: We were thinking we could hold a birthday party for you first.
Moca: Oh~, now that is quite special...!
Lisa: Right? Alright, let's go shopping then!
Sayo: Whether it's a convenience store or Yamabuki Bakery, please feel free to select anything and everything that you want.
Moca: How generous~. Are you really sure though~?
Lisa: Totally! C'mon, let's go!
Moca: Ehehe~. Alright, gladly~.


24:20083 [Downtown]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Misaki Okusawa)

Rimi: Happy birthday, Himari-chan!
Misaki: Here's a little something from us.
Himari: Seriously?! Wait... is this actually a birthday present?!
Himari: For real~?! I'm so happy right now~! Thanks~!
Rimi: Open it if you'd like.
Himari: Sure!
Himari: Let's see... Wow... This is such a cute bracelet! Where did you get it?
Rimi: Misaki-chan and I actually made it ourselves.
Misaki: Well, we basically just bought the gems and parts and put everything together...
Himari: Really?!
Himari: You guys did that for me...? Aw, thanks~!
Misaki: ... Seeing you this happy makes me feel kind of awkward.
Rimi: Fufu, I'm glad you like it though.
Himari: I'm so going to take great care of this! Thanks so much...!


25:20085 [Downtown]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Nanami Hiromachi)

Moca: Here's a question for you~, Arisa. What day is it today~?
Arisa: You coming out and asking that only makes it harder to answer!
Moca: Now, now, no need to be shy. Well~? What day is it~?
Arisa: My... birthday...?
Nanami: Bingo~, you got it right~!
Nanami: For guessing correctly, Arisa-senpai, we bestow upon you this very special present~.
Arisa: I wish you'd just give it to me more normally, but, um... thanks...
Arisa: What's inside...? Hm? A slip of... paper...?
Moca: Tsk, tsk, tsk~. Look more closely~.
Nanami: It was actually pretty hard to get that~.
Arisa: This is a ticket for the World Bonsai Expo...!
Arisa: I tried to get it too, but I never stood a chance...! This is unbelievable... Are you sure I can really have something so rare?!
Moca: Indubitably~.
Nanami: Your eyes are glowing~. You look so happy~.
Arisa: How could I not be...? Thanks so much, you two.
Arisa: Sigh~, this is seriously like a dream... I can't wait to go to the expo...!


26:20086 [Downtown]

(Character: Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

Yukina: Yamato-san, Happy Birthday.
Rinko: This is... a present we chose together. Please have it if you'd like...
Maya: Minato-san. Shirokane-san. Thank you very much! I'll open it right away...! Ooh~, is this a board game?!
Rinko: Yes... It's NFO's newest one... We thought that even someone unfamiliar with the world of NFO could enjoy it...
Yukina: We previously played something similar to this, and it was quite entertaining.
Maya: That's great! Thank you very much~!
Maya: Hmmm. So it's a game that can be played with three or more people. Why don't we give it a try after this?
Rinko: Yes, please... Board games are meant to be played with others, after all...
Yukina: In that case, let's go somewhere where we can relax.
Maya: Hmm, right. Then what about my house?!
Rinko: Huh...? But wouldn't it be a nuisance if we suddenly went...?
Maya: Not at all! I can't offer much hospitality, but please come if you'd like!
Yukina: I see. Then I suppose we can go for a short while.
Rinko: Yes... We'll take you up on the offer.
Maya: Huhehe. I can't wait!


27:20090 [Downtown]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Misaki Okusawa, Toko Kirigaya)

Himari: Toko-chan~! Happy...
Misaki & Himari: Birthday~!
Toko: Huh?! Whoa! Thanks so much!
Misaki: Also, here... Uehara-san and I made these.
Toko: Th-these are...! Are these plushies?
Himari: You got it♪ We needle felted them together! Misaki-chan's way better at it, but I worked hard, too!
Toko: Wow! I see! Ah, there's two of them! One is a bear!
Misaki: That's the one I made.
Toko: And the other one is... a pig?
Misaki: Uh, well, with its ears and the roundness of its face, I suppose it could look like a pig, but...
Himari: It's a cat!
Toko: They're both awesomely cute! Thank you so much! Especially this pig... I mean, cat. Its unique pose is the best!
Toko: Could I use both of these as designs for TOKO brand T-shirts?
Himari: What?! My work is gonna be on a T-shirt?! That's kinda flattering~!
Misaki: That's a little embarrassing, but you seem to like it. So, if you're okay with it, you can use it as you like.
Toko: Alright! As thanks, I'll let you be the first ones to know when I make the shirts. These designs will definitely be popular~!


28:20091 [Downtown]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Tsukushi Futaba)

Kanon: Aya-chan, Happy Birthday!
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai, Happy Birthday!
Aya: Wow~. Kanon-chan. Tsukushi-chan. Thanks!
Tsukushi: Um! Please accept this!
Aya: Huh? You're even giving me a present?!
Aya: Can I open it?
Kanon: Sure. Fufufu. You just might be surprised.
Aya: Aww, I wonder what it is! ... A sweets map?! And is it... handmade?!
Kanon: Yeah. Tsukushi-chan and I compiled information on the sweets shops in this area and made it into a booklet.
Tsukushi: It also includes information on the shops you said you were interested in on your social media!
Aya: Kanon-chan... Tsukushi-chan...! Sniffle.
Tsukushi: Aya-senpai?! Are you okay?!
Aya: I can't believe the two of you would make a book as lovely as this for me... I'm so touched~!
Kanon: Fufu. I'm glad you liked it.
Aya: Next time, let's go to the shops listed on this map, just the three of us! We simply have to!


29:20092 [Downtown]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Hagumi & Eve: Be tasty~! Be tasty~!
Tsugumi: What are you two doing?
Hagumi: We were putting on the final touches just now!
Tsugumi: The final touches...?
Eve: We wanted to keep this a secret from you... but now that you have seen us, there is nothing that we can do.
Hagumi: Eve-chin and I were casting a magic spell on the croquettes we made! It's a spell that will make you smile when you eat them!
Tsugumi: What a lovely magic spell! I'm sure it will put a smile on that person's face!
Hagumi: I know, right? ... Here! We finished the final touches, so we're giving this present to you♪
Tsugumi: I-it's for me...?
Eve: Yes! Tsugumi-san, Happy Birthday!
Hagumi: Ehehe♪ They were actually croquettes we were giving to you!
Tsugumi: So that's what they were. Thanks! Fufufu.
Tsugumi: Ah! I smiled before I even ate it! Is this also an effect of the magic?
Hagumi: Yeah! I'm sure it must be!
Eve: Our magic is perfect!


