1:11024 [Campus Street]

(Character: Anon Chihaya)

Anon: Feels like there's a lot of mature looking people around here...
Anon: Is it because there's a lot of universities around here? But well, hmm...
Anon: Since I don't feel out of place here, that means I can hold my own just fine!


2:11029 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rana Kaname)

Rana: ... Hello. Now? Taking a walk.
Rana: ... Practice? Hmm.
Rana: ... Matcha ice cream? From Rikki?
Rana: Okay. I'm going now.


3:11079 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya)

Anon: I wonder what university life would be like?
Anon: You can decide your own schedule, and wear your own clothes to school... It's totally different from high school.
Tomori: Clothes... It must be tough to pick your own clothes each day...
Anon: Ahaha, then when we become university students, I'll help you coordinate your outfits!
Tomori: Yeah...! Please!


4:11080 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Rana Kaname)

Rana: Stroll time.
Tomori: W- Wait...! Everyone else hasn't arrived yet...
Tomori: Taki-chan would be troubled...
Rana: Bored.
Tomori: Umm... Then... Wanna see... this rock I picked up...?


5:11081 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Soyo Nagasaki)

Soyo: Sorry, Tomori-chan. I ended up being really late.
Tomori: No, it's okay... Soyo-chan, are you alright...?
Soyo: Yeah. I was just helping a passing old lady with directions.
Tomori: I see.
Soyo: You know, when she first saw me, she mistook me for a university student. I couldn't help laughing.
Tomori: ... I see.


6:11082 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Taki Shina)

Taki: Just seeing this drives it in that there are actually plenty of university students in bands.
Tomori: ... Everyone seems so grown up.
Taki: ... Even after we become university students, I hope MyGO!!!!! will still continue on.
Taki: Of course... And even beyond that, for life.
Tomori: Yeah. Let's do it... for life.


7:11083 [Campus Street]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname)

Anon: Ugh... The temptation of having ramen after practice...
Rana: You're not eating?
Anon: But the calories would be terrible...
Rana: To eat when you feel like eating, equals happiness.
Anon: Guh~... How convincing...!


8:11084 [Campus Street]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki)

Anon: Hey hey Soyorin. How do I look today?
Soyo: What do you mean how... You look alright?
Anon: Not that! Don't I seem a bit different from usual?
Soyo: ... And specifically?
Anon: Eh? I tried doing something I saw on a make-up video last night... Did I make a mistake somewhere?
Soyo: I don't think anyone's going to notice normally.


9:11085 [Campus Street]

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Taki Shina)

Anon: Huh, Rikki? Did you go to karaoke?
Taki: ... I don't know what you're talking about.
Anon: No way, you just came out of the store! You're a terrible liar!
Taki: Sigh... This is the worst. Now I have to find a different store next time...
Anon: Eh, why? It's close to RiNG too, let's go together next time.
Taki: I'm the type that prefers to go at it solo, okay?


10:11086 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki)

Rana: Good bench.
Soyo: This...? It seems like a normal bench to me.
Rana: It's the perfect size to curl up and sleep on.
Soyo: ... Rana-chan, benches are meant to be sat on, you know?


11:11087 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rana Kaname, Taki Shina)

Taki: Alright listen to me, Stray Cat. There's nothing interesting here, so let's head straight to RiNG.
Rana: ? Rikki, what are you hiding. Move.
Taki: I'm not hiding... Ah, wait!
Rana: Ooh... Matcha drink fair.
Rana: We're going.
Taki: Guh... I failed...


12:11088 [Campus Street]

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

Soyo: How about we get some drinks at that coffee shop over there? We're all having practice next, so we can get something for everyone.
Taki: Yeah, sounds like a plan.
Soyo: Hmm, Tomori-chan would have a café mocha as usual...
Taki: ... I only just found out the other day, but... It seems like Tomori actually doesn't like café mochas that much.
Soyo: ... Tell me more?


13:61053 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Arisa, your socks are so cute~!
Arisa: Agh! Don't yell so suddenly.
Kasumi: You've got ribbons on your ankles! Those look soo great on you!
Arisa: Th-they do? ... Thanks.
Arisa: It's kind of exciting when you have some minor item that's cute like this.
Kasumi: Mhm! It makes you feel happy when you look down at your feet! That's so nice~. I want a pair, too~.
Arisa: I wouldn't mind going with you to buy some right now.
Kasumi: Huh? Really? Yay! Thanks, Arisa♪


14:61054 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

Kasumi: Don't you feel kind of antsy on days when you don't have any shifts lined up for your part-time job?
Saya: You feel antsy about not having shifts? What is that about...?
Kasumi: I'll wonder whether it's okay for me not to be on shift, or whether everyone saw my memo for the equipment notice...
Saya: Ah~, I see.
Kasumi: ... Wanna go to RiNG right now?
Saya: Ahaha, good idea. How about we practice while we're there?
Kasumi: Yeah! I'll call and ask if there's an open studio!


15:61055 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

Tae: What do you do when you're not motivated to study for a test?
Rimi: Hmm... I wonder. Ah, I listen to our songs for a change of pace.
Rimi: But the other day, when I played a video of one of our concerts while I was studying... I ended up watching it all the way to the end.
Tae: I'd do that too.
Tae: If only the test covered Poppin'Party. I'm sure I'd have fun studying.
Tae: Wait. If that happened, would you study for a change of pace? Would it even be a change of pace if you're studying?
Rimi: Fufufu. We'd definitely get a full score if the test was on Poppin'Party.


16:61056 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: Thanks for coming shopping with me today. It was a nice change of pace.
Tae: I had fun, too! Saya, are you helping out at home after this?
Saya: No. I don't think I have anything special today. Is there a store you still want to go to?
Tae: I wanna make some Go-Go Bread at your house! Because everyone's been working really hard lately.
Saya: That might be nice! I'm sure everyone would love it if we made them some~.
Tae: I want them to enjoy it freshly baked. It'll be piping hot Go-Go Bread filled with support!
Saya: Fufufu. Right. Well then, why don't we head to Yamabuki Bakery right now?


17:61057 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

Rimi: Arisa-chan, can we stop by the bookstore? The newest volume of my favorite novel series is out. I've been interested in the sequel for the longest time.
Arisa: I don't mind. Is it a horror novel?
Rimi: Yeah. But it's not only that. It also has some fantasy and romance.
Arisa: Huh. It's got a lot of elements to it. I'm a little interested now.
Rimi: Really?! Then I'll loan you my copy next time. It's part of a series, but I'm sure you'll be able to read it in no time!
Arisa: Thanks. How many volumes are there?
Rimi: I think there are seven, including the newest one.
Arisa: Okay. I'll do my best to read it and catch up to you.


18:61058 [Campus Street]

(Character: Tae Hanazono)

Tae: Ah, a cat... It ran away.
Tae: ... There are stray cats, but I wonder if there are stray rabbits.
Tae: Okay, I've made up my mind. Next time, I'll try looking for stray rabbits!


19:61059 [Campus Street]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: This is the area where Rinko-senpai's university is located.
Arisa: All the buildings are so stylish, and everyone walking around seems so mature...!
Arisa: There are so many people, too...
Arisa: ... I wonder if Rinko-senpai is okay.


20:61060 [Campus Street]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: Ah, a rainbow!
Saya: The arch is spanning the sky so prettily~. I'll snap a pic as a memento...
Saya: Fufu. I think I'll send this to everyone in Poppin'Party, too.


21:61061 [Campus Street]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tomoe Udagawa)

Ran: I've been thinking this as we've practiced lately, but you're in good form, Tomoe.
Ran: It's like you're fired up but not out of control. Your heat's coming in at the right amount.
Tomoe: ...! It's kinda embarrassing when you suddenly praise me.
Ran: I-I wasn't trying to. I just said that because I thought it was great.
Tomoe: Haha, happy to hear it. Thanks!


22:61062 [Campus Street]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Ran-chan, your shoes are so stylish!
Ran: Thanks. I tried pairing just the laces with a different color.
Tsugumi: The fact you can come up with an arrangement like that so quickly is amazing.
Ran: You know some pretty cute arrangements, too, y'know. Plus, you're good with hair and hair accessories.
Ran: You even think of the minor parts of our concert costumes. I think you've got good taste.
Tsugumi: Y-you're just exaggerating~! Fufu. But it makes me happy that you'd say that.


23:61063 [Campus Street]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Ah, Moca-chan. Look, look! There are a bunch of interesting capsule toy machines.
Moca: Where, where? You're right~. There are so many~.
Moca: Ooh, this says they're bun keychains~. There's a croissant, a baguette, and a melon bun... I foresee any of them being a big hit for me~.
Tsugumi: I'm interested in the café hamster figures. It says those are hamsters in coffee cups!
Tsugumi: Each one is just so cute. I think I'll give it a try!
Moca: Nice~. Moca-chan will give it a try, too~.
Moca: Now then. We'll just have to wait and see what we get when we open the capsules~.


24:61064 [Campus Street]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

Himari: Ah, that ramen shop. Aya-san said it's good!
Tomoe: Oh. It says we get a free topping if we show our student IDs. Wanna check it out?
Himari: Yeah, let's go~♪ I've got my student ID in my bag pocket...
Himari: Huh?! I might've... forgotten to bring it with me...
Tomoe: Hahahaha. How about we go the next time you have your ID?
Himari: Ohh, I'm sorry, Tomoe~.


25:61065 [Campus Street]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

Moca: It's warm today, so I'm feeling sleepy~. This is the perfect weather for a nap~.
Himari: You said it... Yawn~. Maybe I'll take one, too.
Moca: Said poetically, "I sleep warmly at spring's dawn~. I doze neath an air conditioner in summer~. I snore on a bed of fall leaves~. I hibernate at a heated winter table~."
Himari: Hey, that means you're always sleepy!
Moca: Ahaha. You saw right through me, huh~?


26:61066 [Campus Street]

(Character: Ran Mitake)

Ran: Our meet-up spot should be around here...
Ran: Moca's... not here yet.
Ran: Well, it's Moca. There's no way she'd be thirty minutes early. Guess I'll go to a café and finish the lyrics for the new song.


27:61067 [Campus Street]

(Character: Himari Uehara)

Himari: Hum hum~♪ I got a better score than I expected on the mock exam at cram school~!
Himari: Would it be okay for me to have a parfait as a treat? Sure it would!
Himari: I'll have the Big Mountain Parfait with fruit and cream that I've had my eye on for the longest time~♪


28:61068 [Campus Street]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

Aya: Yawn~...
Maya: Aya-san, you seem tired. Are you okay?
Aya: I'm a little sleepy, but I'm fine! I was putting together my report for an assignment, and I went to bed late...
Aya: I finished writing it early, but I found some spots that caught my attention when I looked back through it...
Maya: Ah~, that happens to me too... I'm fairly meticulous, so there are times when I'll thoroughly investigate my topic or search for comparisons.
Maya: One time, I only barely went over the maximum page limit, and I had to reluctantly whittle down the number of pages.
Aya: I think page limits vary by class, but was it about five pages?
Maya: For that class, it was fifteen. Thinking about it now, the professor was also busy, so I feel bad for writing so much...
Aya: Huh?! That's actually amazing, Maya-chan...!


29:61069 [Campus Street]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: Hey, Eve-chan. Look at this photo. It's advertising original items for my university, like ballpoint pens and notebooks.
Eve: Every item has the university name, so they are like tour merchandise!
Aya: Ahaha. Good point. My top recommendation out of all of these is... the university T-shirt! It's pretty fashionable~.
Eve: Wow~! The university name is designed with English letters, and the shirt is lovely enough to be featured in a fashion magazine.
Aya: I know, right~?! I've already bought two of them♪ It's fun to think of how I'll dress with them.
Eve: That is just what I would expect of you, Aya-san! You are an advanced practitioner of fashion!


30:61070 [Campus Street]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

Hina: Hey, Chisato-chan. It looks like that donut shop over there is holding a strawberry fair.
Chisato: I was a little interested in it, too. If I remember correctly, it's a limited-time pop-up store.
Hina: That's right! So now's the only time we can go! Why don't we buy some for takeout?
Chisato: Yes, why not? Maybe I'll also buy some as a gift for Kanon.
Hina: That's a great idea! I'll choose some for my sister, too♪


31:61071 [Campus Street]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

Hina: Maya-chan, those paper bags you're carrying are filled to bursting. Isn't it heavy carrying those?
Maya: They're quite heavy, but this is my own fault... I borrowed too many books from the university library.
Hina: I see. It's so boppin' how our library has such a large collection of books♪ What kind of books did you borrow?
Maya: I've got a high-profile dissertation, a practical book I might be able to use for a column, and more, so I guess I didn't follow any specific genre.
Hina: Nice! I wanna try reading your choice of books, too.
Maya: Then why don't we go to a café and have a break? Urgh... Wh-whoa!
Hina: Maya-chan, you're stumbling. I can't just leave you hanging, so I'll carry them with you!


32:61072 [Campus Street]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Hello, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Sorry to have kept you waiting. My lecture went on a little long...
Chisato: By the way, Eve-chan. Why are you stroking that statue...?
Eve: Chisato-san, do you know the legend behind this statue?
Chisato: Its legend...? I've never heard of it before.
Eve: Apparently, you will gain power by stroking this statue three times! All of the All Day＊Bushido listeners told me about it.
Eve: I have stroked it more than ten times, so I feel muscular and full of energy!
Chisato: I don't believe just stroking it will make you muscular... But if it has energized you, then that is wonderful.


33:61073 [Campus Street]

(Character: Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Which building is my lecture in today?
Aya: The campus is so big that I still can't remember where things are. The other day, I accidentally went to the building next door...
Aya: Today, I'll make sure to get there without getting lost~!


34:61074 [Campus Street]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: I'm glad I did well in today's lecture quiz.
Chisato: That was thanks to the collection of past questions that my department senior loaned to me.
Chisato: I'd like to thank them... Perhaps I'll get them a drink ticket for the café.


35:61075 [Campus Street]

(Character: Hina Hikawa)

Hina: I wonder if my sister's in class right about now.
Hina: She said it was an interesting lecture, so I should've taken that class, too.
Hina: Oh well. I'll try going with her next time♪


36:61076 [Campus Street]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Yukina-san, is there any good food at your university's cafeteria?
Yukina: Let me think... I think all their food is delicious, but I particularly like their fried chicken set meal.
Yukina: There is also their minced meat cutlet set meal and ramen... Their pancakes were not bad, either.
Ako: I see! You're so lucky~! I'm really curious to know what they're like!
Yukina: If you're that curious, let's go together sometime.
Ako: Yay! I can't wait♪


37:61077 [Campus Street]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Rinko Shirokane)

Yukina: It's been dry as of late... I should make preparations before it interferes with my singing.
Rinko: In that case... what do you think of... going to a café close to the university...?
Rinko: Apparently, they have... a honeyed milk tea... on their menu...
Yukina: That sounds wonderful. Let's go there right away.


38:61078 [Campus Street]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Did you see yesterday's music show? Our agency seniors were singing on it!
Sayo: Yes. I have already checked it, of course. I was surprised when they said they recorded their performance corner in one take.
Sayo: We shall have to devote ourselves even more.
Lisa: Right! Let's do our best in practice today☆


39:61079 [Campus Street]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Sayo-san! Here's a present for you!
Sayo: Thank you... Are these Shiba Inu dog stickers?
Ako: Yeah! I bought a lot of super cute stickers the other day when I went to a specialty sticker shop with Rokka and Mashiro, so I'm sharing some with you!
Sayo: I see. So there is even a shop like that. I will place these on the memo pad I always use.
Ako: Please stick a bunch of them on! Fufu. I'm glad you like them~.
Ako: Why don't you come with us next time?
Sayo: Yes, I would very much like that.


40:61080 [Campus Street]

(Character: Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: Oh no~! I'm late because of my part-time job!
Lisa: Even if I ran all the way there, I'd only barely make it in time for the start of class...!
Rinko: Hello, Imai-san...
Lisa: Huh...? Rinko? You're in the same class with me after this, right? We won't make it in time unless we hurry!
Rinko: Ah... Apparently, it was canceled... Did you not... get the email...?
Lisa: Really?!
Lisa: Thanks for letting me know☆ I was about to head to the classroom without realizing that.
Rinko: Oh, no... I didn't realize it either... so I ended up going... to the classroom...


41:61081 [Campus Street]

(Character: Yukina Minato)

Yukina: ...! I've thought of a good phrase.
Yukina: I should note it down before I forget...
Yukina: ... I believe that's all of it. Oh dear. Is this a handout for an assignment I have to turn in...?
Yukina: ... I should get in the habit of checking papers before I take notes on them.


42:61082 [Campus Street]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: I have time to spare before my next class, so perhaps I will read in a café...
Sayo: Oh my. "All drinks now include a cookie." I see. So they are in the middle of a deal where customers receive cookies shaped like aliens and stars.
Sayo: This seems like something Hina would like, so maybe I will try inviting her sometime.


43:61083 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

Rinko: The person who sat next to me... in class yesterday... had an... NFO keychain...
Rinko: They might... like NFO...
Rinko: Maybe... I'll try talking to them next time...


44:61084 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara)

Kokoro: Hey, Kanon. When I passed by the university earlier, there were lots of people who were handing out flyers. What could those flyers be for?
Kanon: I think they're club solicitations.
Kokoro: Club solicitations...?
Kanon: People with different interests are inviting others to join their clubs.
Kokoro: Ohh, I see! In that case, I'll go over!
Kanon: Fue?! Wh-why?
Kokoro: Well, they're inviting people to join them, aren't they? Singing songs and drawing pictures together sounds like oodles of fun!
Kanon: Um, those clubs are for- Ah, Kokoro-chan?!
Kanon: Fue~, wait~!


45:61085 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Misaki! Let's play hide-and-seek!
Misaki: Huh? Here? At least wait until we get to the park.
Kokoro: I know! What do you think of playing over there? It looks like it has so many places to hide!
Misaki: Over there...? Are you talking about Kaoru-san's university?! No way. That's not somewhere you can casually play around.
Kokoro: Kaoru invited me to come play whenever I wanted! Don't you think it would be so much fun if we invited her to play hide-and-seek together?
Misaki: Wouldn't Kaoru-san be in a lecture right now...?
Kokoro: I guess we don't have a choice then. Let's explore until her lecture is over!
Misaki: So either way, we're going to the university, huh...?


46:61086 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa)

Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, is university fun?
Kaoru: Indeed, it is. My classes are enjoyable, and there are many special events each day. There are even occasions when I see sudden street performances.
Kaoru: In other words... each day is freeing.
Hagumi: I see! Then let's try having a Smile Patrol at your university next time!
Kaoru: That is a magnificent idea. Let us try proposing it to the others.


47:61087 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

Kaoru: The other day, a curry food truck stopped at the fore of my university. I felt a foreign breeze brimming with atmosphere.
Kanon: Wow. So there are food trucks that visit. Was it good?
Kaoru: Indeed. It was a truly splendid taste... It was to the point that I mistakenly thought myself to be in a foreign land.
Kaoru: No matter how much water I quaffed... the stimulation of the fleeting fragrance and flavor of the spices that pervaded my nose continued to remain.
Kanon: Um... Does that mean it was really spicy?


48:61088 [Campus Street]

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Mii-kun, did you see the movie that was playing on TV yesterday?
Misaki: I watched it with my younger siblings. It was the one where the characters wander around different planets, solving space incidents, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! After seeing that movie, I thought it would be so much fun if we went to space and had a concert!
Hagumi: I wanna try performing in a starry sky. I'd love to sing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star while surrounded by stars~!
Misaki: (If we can hold a concert at a planetarium... that might be doable.)


49:61089 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: The University Arc of Kaoru Seta's Theater fleetingly raises its curtain...
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta departs for foreign lands with an even greater flourish in mind. Cheered on by her dear little kittens, she spreads her wings again this day... Ahh, how fleeting.
Kaoru: The title for my next poetry anthology shall be "A New Journey"... Fufu. That is perfect.


50:61090 [Campus Street]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara)

Kanon: I'm supposed to meet with Kaoru-san, but where could she be...?
Kanon: Ah! That might be her over there...!
Kanon: Sh-she's standing out more than the statue we set as a landmark...


51:61091 [Campus Street]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, what're you doing standing in front of this store...?
Mashiro: U-umm... I was thinking of going in, but... I got scared...
Mashiro: There's no one but mature-looking customers, so I don't think I could order well if I went in...
Tsukushi: You just have to order normally. How about I go in with you?
Mashiro: R-really? Thanks, Tsukushi-chan...
Tsukushi: Of course! I'm Morfonica's leader, after all!


52:61092 [Campus Street]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio)

Mshiro (Mashiro): I wonder what character that plushie is that's hung up over there. It's not a fluffy mascot...
Rui: It would appear to be that shop's original mascot character.
Mshiro (Mashiro): I see! Ehehe. The way it's just sitting there is so cute~!
Mshiro (Mashiro): Is it modeled after a rabbit? Or maybe a bear? It has eyes like the moon, so it might be a cat!
Rui: Apparently, its name is Omochi the Flying Squirrel. That is what is written next to the plushie.
Mshiro (Mashiro): Ah, so it was a flying squirrel...


53:61093 [Campus Street]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Hm? Toko-chan, can you hear one of our songs?
Toko: Ahh, my bad. That's my phone.
Toko: I set one of our songs as my alarm♪ Pretty cool, huh?
Toko: This goes off one hour before I go to rehearsal, so it helps me get in the mood to rock!
Nanami: That's great~! You'll be pumped up before we even start rehearsing~.
Nanami: Wait. Weren't you late to rehearsal the other day?
Toko: Ahaha~. Well, that kinda thing's no big deal!


54:61094 [Campus Street]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

Toko: Fusuke, do you know that dance video that's trending on social media lately?
Tsukushi: Huh? Which one?
Toko: The one where they do a cute quick-step dance set to a hamster anime song!
Tsukushi: Oh, that one. I know about it because my younger sisters watched it. The dance goes like this, right?
Toko: Your moves are perfect! Fusuke, that's amazing! I'm seriously impressed!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I practiced with my sisters♪ ... Hey, don't film me without asking~!


55:61095 [Campus Street]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Rui-rui, you smell kind of nice today.
Rui: Do I? I wonder if it is because I was baking cookies in today's cooking class.
Nanami: That's it~! So, Class A was making cookies. I would've liked to eat some of yours~.
Rui: I believe buying them is more efficient than making them.
Nanami: Well, that's true, but having handmade ones makes people happy.
Nanami: I'm sure if you gave me some, I'd be able to do my best with practice for the whole week~.
Rui: ... I will take that into consideration.


56:61096 [Campus Street]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: I'm so glad the shops in this area have so many varieties of toys~.
Nanami: Today, I visited the bookstore, stationery shop, and knick-knack shop. Ehehe.
Nanami: There are also a lot of shops with capsule toy machines set out, so I might pass by those, too~.


57:61097 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rui Yashio)

Rui: I can hear festival music coming from somewhere... I wonder if there is a festival being held in this area.
Rui: I imagine Kirigaya-san and the others would want to go if I shared this information with them. I would not mind going if it did not interfere with our rehearsal.
Rui: Considering the motivation for performance and efficiency, would this be information I should share...?


58:61098 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): Hrm~... Whatever shall I do...?
LAYER (Rei): PAREO, what's wrong?
PAREO (Reona): LAYER-san! The thing is, I could not decide how many copies of the TV magazine with Chisato-san on the cover I should buy...
PAREO (Reona): Her recent interview was so lovely~! I am considering buying extra copies, as I would love it if everyone else read it too!
LAYER (Rei): There was a copy of that magazine in CHU²'s penthouse. I read a little bit of it.
PAREO (Reona): Wow! Thank you very much! In this issue, Chisato-san took part in an in-depth interview, so it is rich in content~!
PAREO (Reona): I will give you a copy later so that you may enjoy it leisurely at home even after leaving CHU²-sama's penthouse♪
LAYER (Rei): Th-thanks. Your enthusiasm is... amazing.


59:61099 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Chiyu Tamade)

LAYER (Rei): That's a cute keychain on your bag.
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO forced me to put it on. She said it helps you stand out when walking the streets at night.
LAYER (Rei): Ahh, it's made of reflective material. This is nice. Now I want one, too.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why not try asking PAREO for one?
LAYER (Rei): Okay, I will. Fufu. It might be nice for everyone in RAS to have one of these.


60:61100 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato)

LOCK (Rokka): Wow, how cute! Where did you get this carrot-shaped pen?
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, this? Pretty sweet, huh? I bought it at the shop Maya-san recommended to me.
LOCK (Rokka): How nice~! I bet that would make studying fun!
MASKING (Masuki): Let's go to that store right now. I'll buy you any pen you want as a gift for joinin' student council.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? Are you sure?! B-but...
MASKING (Masuki): Don't sweat it. C'mon, let's get goin'.


61:61101 [Campus Street]

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara)

PAREO (Reona): The schools that Aya-chan and the others attend are in this area, right…?!
LOCK (Rokka): It would seem so. Yotsuba Women's University is over that way, and it looks like we can get to Keiho Women's University by going this way!
LOCK (Rokka): And apparently, we can use the school cafeterias and libraries even if we don't attend the universities. Why don't we go together sometime?
PAREO (Reona): Oh no, no, no, no!! As a fan, there is a certain distance or standard that I must maintain. Or rather, there is a line that I must not cross...!
PAREO (Reona): I do apologize, but I will refrain from doing that.
LOCK (Rokka): R-really? It must be hard being an idol fan...!


62:61102 [Campus Street]

(Character: Masuki Sato, Chiyu Tamade)

MASKING (Masuki): Yo, CHU². Are you headin' somewhere right now?
CHU² (Chiyu): I heard there's a well-reputed record shop in this area. Oh, that bag...
MASKING (Masuki): Ahh, it might be this shop. I was just there a minute ago. They also sell famous records from back in the day. It was really great.
CHU² (Chiyu): I see. That has me even more interested.
MASKING (Masuki): But that shop's in a pretty hard-to-find spot. You might get lost, so how 'bout I go with you?
CHU² (Chiyu): What...?! D-don't treat me like a child! I can make it there on my own!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, whoa, whoa. You're already goin' the wrong way. Aw well. Guess I'll take you there.


63:61103 [Campus Street]

(Character: Chiyu Tamade)

CHU² (Chiyu): A flyer for a DJ club concert? Hmm...
CHU² (Chiyu): Judging by their setlist and the equipment shown in the photos, it seems they take things quite seriously.
CHU² (Chiyu): I suppose it might be good to go look for reference's sake.


64:61104 [Campus Street]

(Character: Masuki Sato)

MASKING (Masuki): The person wearin' that jacket is pretty stylin'...
MASKING (Masuki): Wait. Now that I'm actually lookin' at 'em, that's one of the regulars from my part-time job.
MASKING (Masuki): Come to think of it, I got pumped up talkin' to them about their jacket once before.


