1:10888 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: You guys, look, look! That tree is really sparkly~!
Saya: You're right. It's uplifting and gorgeous. It's getting me psyched up, too~.
Tae: Ah! That Santa over there is playing a guitar! There's even a reindeer playing drums!
Rimi: There really is. How cute. Performing on a tree seems like it would be so much fun~!
Kasumi: Mmm~! Now I feel like putting on a concert, too!
Arisa: There she goes again... Kasumi, you sure do love concerts~.
Kasumi: Ohh~. Well, that's because they're so exciting! Why is it that I want to have one this much~?!
Rimi: Ah. Could it be because the lights on the tree are like light sticks?
Saya: Good point. Now that you mention it, they do kind of look like that.
Kasumi: Hey, hey! If we're gonna put on a concert, what kind would you guys wanna have?!
Saya: Hmm~... Maybe we could give a small present to everyone that comes?
Kasumi: Saya, that's a great idea! Let's try making star-shaped cookies for them!
Rimi: I'd like to give them chocolate cornets decorated like Christmas trees~.
Saya: Ah, that would be cute, too! Filling them with white chocolate and making them all Christmassy might be a good idea.
Arisa: Oh come on... Wouldn't it be hard to prepare enough for every single person that comes?
Rimi: Ah, you've got a point...
Kasumi: Hrm~, what should we do then~?
Tae: ... Ah!
Arisa: What's wrong, O-Tae?
Tae: There's a really great smell coming from over there!
Rimi: You're right! That's... a hot chocolate shop!
Kasumi: Where, where?! I wanna have some~! Let's all go buy some together!
Arisa: Hey, what happened to talking about the concert?!
Saya: Fufu. Then why don't we talk it over while we have some hot chocolate?
Kasumi & Rimi & Tae: Yeah~!


2:10889 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Brrr~. I-it's so cold~...!
Tae: Yeah, really. When it's this cold, my fingers get numb, making it hard to play guitar.
Arisa: You'll catch a cold if you let your guard down during this season. So you better dress warmly~.
Tae: Ah, look, look! That snowman over there is wearing a scarf and looks so warm~.
Saya: Oh yeah. Someone must've put it on him.
Rimi: Fufu. How cute. I know. Kasumi-chan, I have a scarf with me, so if you'd like...
Rimi: H-huh...? It's not here... I could've sworn I put it in my bag...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~! That's okay. If we cling to each other like this, we'll be warm even without scarves!
Rimi: Whoa, Kasumi-chan! You're right. It's so warm.
Tae: Let me join, too! Yay, so toasty! Hey, Saya, come join us!
Saya: Fufu, I guess I don't have a choice~. Wow, you're right. It's nice and warm.
Kasumi: C'mon, Arisa. Join us~!
Arisa: I-I'll pass... I'm not that cold!
Tae: Arisa, you should be more honest with how you feel.
Saya: She's right. Come warm up with us. There's a space between me and Kasumi.
Rimi: Fufu. Why don't we go cling on to her?
Kasumi: Good idea! Here we go~!
Arisa: H-hey, wait! Whoa!
Kasumi: ... See? It's warm, right?
Arisa: Y-yeah, I guess so... Don't you guys feel like we're a bunch of clumped-up manju...?
Saya: Ahaha, I really do.
Kasumi: It's cold during the winter, but I get to cling together with all of you, so I just love it~!


3:10890 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Wow! This shop has a lot of poinsettias placed out.
Ran: Huh. Their Christmas colors really set the mood.
Himari: Ah, I know about those! A poinsettia means "holy night" in the language of flowers!
Moca: Hohoh~. In that case, why don't you try putting out some at your family's café, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: Yeah, they might be perfect for the Christmas season! Maybe I'll try placing some on the counter.
Tomoe: That's a great idea! Seeing this vibrant red kinda makes you feel fired up, huh?!
Himari: I-I don't know about that...
Ran: Well, she's not completely wrong. Poinsettias also stand for "My heart is burning" in the language of flowers.
Himari: Huh? Really?!
Tomoe: See~? I was right~! You should study the language of flowers more, Himari~.
Himari: It's not like you knew that when you said it~!
Moca: I dunno who came up with meaning in the language of flowers, but I bet some of them were people like Tomo-chin, too~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... That's a good point. Each flower's meaning must come from something that someone felt once.
Ran: There are also pink and marble poinsettias, but... I heard the burning heart meaning applies only to the red ones.
Tsugumi: I see. So, their meaning is different based on their color.
Ran: You got it. If I was gonna give you one as a present... I might go with a white one.
Tsugumi: Fufu. In that case, I'll try looking up the meaning later!


4:10891 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Moca: Munch, munch... Mmm~. Stollen is so good~.
Tsugumi: Fufu. It's dusted with lots of powdered sugar and looks so good.
Ran: It's great that it looks good, but... how many of those did you buy...?
Moca: Hmm? A lot~.
Tomoe: The paper bag is packed with them... I bet the person at the shop had no idea those were all for Moca.
Himari: Well, she'll probably have no problem eating all of them...
Moca: Oh man~. The dried fruits kneaded into the dough give it a good flavor~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... There's an overseas tradition of eating one slice of stollen each day while you wait for the coming of Christmas, but...
Tomoe: That'd be impossible for Moca...
Moca: Obviously~. Eating any bread in front of her is what Moca-chan is all about~.
Himari: Ngh~. You really make that look so good when you eat it, Moca...
Ran: If you want some, you should've bought some.
Himari: Well~, the Christmas season has so many temptations, so I tend to eat too much...!
Moca: But wouldn't it be okay for you to have something today, at least? There's even a shop with some tasty-looking sweets over there~.
Himari: Ngh... Don't tempt me~!
Himari: Tomoe~, aren't there any Christmassy shops that aren't selling food around?!
Tomoe: Hmm~... Oh. What's up with that crowd of people over there...?
Tsugumi: Wow, it's a Christmas wreath-making workshop! It looks like you can make a wreath with your choice of materials.
Ran: Huh... The provided materials are pretty legit. Using preserved flowers might also work.
Moca: By preserved flowers, do you mean these~?
Ran: Yep, those are the ones. They look similar to fresh flowers and last for a long time.
Himari: You're right, they're so pretty~! I wanna try making one of these, too~!
Tsugumi: Fufu. Well then, let's go over to the reception desk!


5:10892 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: I can't wait for the upcoming All Fun and Games special program~!
Eve: This time, we will be doing a different program from normal! I am so very excited!
Chisato: During this season, all idol groups put extraordinary effort into their specials. Let's make sure we don't get left behind.
Maya: Right! Let's prepare what we can ahead of time!
Aya: If I remember right, the program will feature a game where we guess the item in a box by touching it, a segment of Christmas-themed short dramas, and...
Hina: Ah. I can't wait for the game where we guess what's in the box. I've got high hopes for your reactions, Aya-chan!
Aya: H-Hina-chan~! Don't look forward to that~!
Eve: I am sure we will be able to see Chisato-san shine during the short drama segment!
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan. But we can't get too carried away.
Chisato: Let's practice thoroughly until the day of the program so that we may deal with various situations.
Aya: Yeah, right!
Maya: Aside from those... there's the illustration telephone game.
Chisato: Ahh, now that you mention it, that was also part of it...
Hina: That's the one where we all take turns drawing the same picture, right? I love that game♪
Maya: Since it's the Christmas season, I imagine we might be given a Santa and reindeer motif.
Eve: Wow! I am really looking forward to seeing everyone's illustrations!
Aya: Yeah! This area has a lot of Christmas decorations, so let's go and look at a bunch of them!
Chisato: Sure...
Chisato: (Perhaps I should thoroughly practice while I can...)


6:10893 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Wow, the Christmas lights and tree decorations are so pretty!
Hina: Ah, look. There are a bunch of present boxes placed under the tree.
Aya: You're right! Are those also decorations? Just seeing presents makes me feel so excited!
Aya: When I was little, I'd wake up on Christmas morning to find a present near my pillow, and no matter how sleepy I was, I'd be wide awake in no time.
Maya: I held back my desire to open my present right away. I opened it carefully so as not to rip the wrapping paper.
Chisato: Fufu, I can picture how the two of you looked.
Aya: Hey, I know! What kind of things did you all wish for when you were little?
Hina: Lemme think. I once wished for matching gloves for me and my sister.
Maya: Ahaha, you haven't changed since back then. Although I'm not one to talk since I wished for equipment-related magazines and headphones...
Eve: I remember wishing for Japanese language books! I also asked for clothes and hair ornaments!
Chisato: I was a child actor, so I wished for books on dramatic theory.
Aya: That's our Chisato-chan...! You've been put together ever since you were a kid~!
Hina: Aya-chan, I bet you wished for idol dress-up sets!
Aya: Huh? How'd you know?!
Hina: Ahaha, you're so easy to understand♪ So, since you're a real idol, what kind of stuff do you wish for now?
Aya: Well, right now~... Fufu, I'm a little embarrassed to say this, but...
Aya: I think my wish is to keep being idols with all of you♪
Maya: Aya-san...
Hina: Ahaha, Aya-chan, you're so funny! That's something you'd wish for during the Star Festival~!
Chisato: Fufu. Let's make that wish come true together.


7:10894 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: Christmas markets sure have a lot of different shops!
Sayo: There is a sweets shop and a knick knack shop... It is lively all over.
Ako: Whoa! Hey, look. That shop is doing a collab with NFO!
Ako: This is so awesome! Recovery items from the game have been made into cakes~!
Rinko: Even the monster plushies... are wearing Santa hats... They're so cute...
Lisa: You're right. These would be so soothing if they appeared in the game☆
Ako: Speaking of which, it only started recently, but there's an event where you help Santa!
Lisa: You help Santa?
Rinko: Yes... While Santa delivers presents to everyone... he accidentally drops them... throughout the field... You help him... to look for those presents...
Lisa: Wow~, that sounds kinda fun~!
Yukina: Are those candles also themed after items in the game?
Sayo: Those are candles modeled after a knight's sword.
Ako: Fu, fu, fu~... With my jet black eye of evil, I shall appraise all of the limited items gathered here...!
Ako: With that being said, let's go, you guys!
Rinko: Okay...! Let's go...!
Sayo: P-please wait, you two! It is dangerous for you to run!
Lisa: Fufu. Well then. Why don't we go as well?
Yukina: Yes, let's.


8:10895 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Look, look, Rin-rin! Those snowman ornaments are so cute~!
Rinko: Fufu, they really are... They each have scarves with different patterns... How stylish...
Sayo: The wreaths next to them look like they are each made with different types of flowers. I can tell how fastidious this shop is.
Yukina: The shop's decorations... No, the entire market gives off a certain warmth.
Lisa: Mhmm, I think I know what you mean! It's like it makes you feel nice and toasty inside...
Rinko: Decorations affect the feelings of the people around them... That's also important... for concert staging and outfits...
Rinko: This also applies to their motif, but... if we're also mindful of their placement... and think of the audience's reactions when they see them...
Rinko: Ah. I-I'm sorry... Even though it's our day off... I was thinking of work...
Sayo: I may have also been looking at them from a similar perspective.
Lisa: Fufu. That's okay, though, right? That's fun too!
Yukina: Yes. Also, taking advantage of what we routinely encounter is an important approach as professionals.
Ako: I always think in the back of my mind about how something would turn out if we did it in the cool way that makes us Roselia~!
Yukina: I am certain we have naturally adopted that approach... because we are approaching the top.
Rinko: Yukina-san...
Ako: We're shooting for something way, way, waaay higher than the star on that tree, right?!
Yukina: Yes. And to do so, we must first do what is required of us.
Sayo: Quite right. Even here at the Christmas market, there is much that we were able to gain.
Lisa: Well then. Why don't we discuss what kind of staging we want for our next concert?
Ako: Agreed~! I want to make snow, feathers, and flower petals rain down with a boom!
Sayo: Udagawa-san, the concept will become blurred if you do not choose one.
Rinko: Fufu... In that case, I have an idea... from the decorations we saw a moment ago...


9:10896 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: I think it would be nice to make the inside of the chimney into a slide!
Hagumi: Whoa, that's a great idea! ... Ah, but if we did that, wouldn't Santa's butt get hot?
Kaoru: Fufu. You are such a thoughtful kitten, Hagumi. In that case, what would you say we make it into a roller slide?
Hagumi: I see! Kaoru-kun, you're so smart! Then Santa would come racing down the slide, so...
Kaoru: If we place plush cushions at the exit so that it is not perilous for him, it will be complete.
Kokoro & Hagumi: Yay!  Yay~!
Misaki: ... Umm, Kanon-san and I just got here, so please explain that one more time in a way that we can understand.
Kanon: I-I'm sorry, everyone... Our shopping took a long time...
Hagumi: Welcome back, you two! We were just coming up with a chimney that could make Santa smile!
Kokoro: Instead of falling through a dark chimney, wouldn't it be more fun for him to go through an exciting one?
Kaoru: Would either of you have any capital ideas?
Kanon: Huh? Umm... Hrmm... Ah.
Kanon: I'm sure that Santa's bag... will be big because of all the presents, so... shouldn't we make it so he doesn't get stuck?
Misaki: Ahh~... Well, you've got a point there. Santa himself is also known for being portly.
Hagumi: I-I see... What do we do, you guys?! Santa might get squished!
Kokoro: Hmmm... Ah, I know! Why don't we have Michelle try the chimney first?!
Misaki: What? Hold on. I know they might be close in size, but...
Kaoru: Fufu. In other words... to make Santa rejoice, we must first begin with Michelle.
Hagumi: Mhmm. That way, Santa should be safe, too! We'll have to thank Michelle later!
Kanon: H-huh...? I'm sorry, Misaki-chan...
Misaki: Ahaha. Well, don't worry about it.
Misaki: Protecting everyone's dreams... is the job of Michelle and Santa, after all.


10:10897 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Michelle was a huge hit again today! Everyone downtown was smiling!
Kokoro: Yeah! I'm sure the fliers she was handing out had a magic spell on them to put a smile on people's faces!
Kaoru: She also aided children separated from their parents and helped an older woman carry her things.
Kaoru: Misaki, would you express our gratitude to Michelle for us?
Misaki: Haha... Sure, I'll make sure to tell her.
Kanon: Fufu. You did a great job again today. There were so many people.
Misaki: That's because they're doing a Christmas fair downtown... Well, Michelle's used to that.
Misaki: For this season, I might actually have a tough time after I take off the costume... It's like after you get up from sitting at a heated table... Brr~, it's so cold~...
Hagumi: Ah, Mii-kun, are you okay?! You're shivering!
Kaoru: This is tragic. At this rate, Misaki will be in danger of catching a cold...! I must warm you with my fleetingness...
Misaki: I think I'd prefer a different way to warm up, if possible...
Kokoro: In that case, let's go look for warm things together!
Misaki: Warm things?
Kokoro: Look. That Santa over there is wearing a hat that looks so warm! With this many shops, wouldn't one have the same item available?
Hagumi: I see! So we'll look for things like that! Then I wanna look for fluffy scarves~!
Kaoru: What do you think of a mug cup with a Christmas design? What say we gather round the fireplace at Kokoro's home and share some tea?
Kokoro: How lovely! If we look all over like this, I'm sure our bodies will also heat up naturally!
Misaki: All over...? Nah, that's okay. It's not to the point I can't bear it...
Hagumi: You can't do that, Mii-kun! See, look! That scarf over there looks really warm!
Kaoru: Indeed. The cocoa at that shop is fleeting as well... I imagine it would warm you to your core.
Kanon: Fufu... It's almost like we've warmed up already.
Misaki: Ahaha... Well, I guess so. Why don't we get going so we don't lose sight of Kokoro and the others?


11:10898 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Wow~! Christmas markets really are so gorgeous. Look, look, Toko-chan! There are presents under the tree.
Toko: You're right! And that tree is super sparkly!
Nanami: Let's take a photo together as a memento~! And then we can get some of the limited hot chocolate from over there and...
Rui: Everyone. We came to buy snacks for our party at the atelier, remember? You are straying from the objective.
Nanami: That's right! I couldn't help but enjoy myself~.
Mashiro: Ah, look...! It looks like we can try some of that gingerbread over there.
Toko: Nice, Shiro! Okay, after our hot chocolates, we're going there next!
Nanami: Mhmm. Taste testing is important, after all~!
Tsukushi: Huh? W-wait, you guys! Stop, stop! What Rui-san said is right. Shopping for the party comes first!
Toko: Aww~, c'mon! We're already here, so it'd be a waste for us not to enjoy everything!
Nanami: That's right! The party begins at the preparation stage~!
Mashiro: Fufufu.
Nanami: ...? What is it, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: I was just thinking you seem to be having more fun than usual.
Nanami: That's because I'm the Christmas party captain~. Well, I only just decided that.
Toko: Oh! What's up with that? That's so awesome! Then I'll be the Christmas party super advisor! By the way, Fusuke, you're the vice-captain!
Tsukushi: M-me?! Wait, isn't vice-captain kind of a plain title?!
Toko: Aww. Then you're the Christmas party leader! And Rui's the staff officer, and Shiro's the chief!
Mashiro: Th-the chief...? Is it okay for me to take that position...?
Rui: More importantly, let's finish our shopping quickly. The start of our party will be delayed.
Nanami: That probably would be a problem~. Alright then. Everybody, follow the Christmas party captain!


12:10899 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Mashiro: ...
Toko: Hey, Shiro. Is Fluffy Bread not here yet?
Mashiro: That name isn't even close! They're called Fried Piyo!
Nanami: If I remember correctly, they're a fluffy mascot with a chick motif, right?
Mashiro: Yeah! And what's more, the one coming after this will be the super rare Fried Piyo in a Santa costume!
Tsukushi: You say that, but we've been waiting for a while now... How much longer until they show up?
Rui: There was an announcement saying that it would make its appearance in thirty minutes.
Toko: What~? We've still got thirty minutes~?! They're making us wait way too long!
Nanami: Ah~. Toko-chan, you must be getting bored, huh~?
Toko: Well, we've been waiting this whole time, but they're not coming out at all!
Rui: More and more people are beginning to wait alongside us.
Tsukushi: Does that mean everyone wants to see Fried Piyo that much?
Mashiro: Yeah. Fried Piyo is famous for hardly ever appearing in front of people. That's why there are hardly ever chances like this.
Mashiro: They're already rare enough as it is, so for them to show up in a Santa outfit... I couldn't be any happier...!
Toko: In any case, they're a super rare fluffy mascot! Hearing you talk about that has got me looking forward to it, too!
Mashiro: Fried Piyo is really cute...! They're so fluffy, and their eyes are adorably round and gentle...!
Mashiro: I wonder what their Santa outfit will be like...! Will they also wear a hat? They'd probably be cute even with a Santa beard~...!
Nanami: Fufu. Shiro-chan, you're really looking forward to it.
Toko: Alrighty! Let's wait those thirty minutes for Fluffy Bread!
Mashiro: Fried Piyo!!


13:10900 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

LOCK (Rokka): Wow, look at these cookies! They're so cute~!
LAYER (Rei): They're shaped like Christmas trees and snowflakes... Fufu. There are different kinds available.
PAREO (Reona): Ah yes. Massu-san! Won't you use these as cake decorations?
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, those are pretty sweet!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, didn't you already buy the ingredients for the cake? We've already bought presents, so let's get going.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. Can you not wait for our present exchange?
CHU² (Chiyu): That's not why! Don't treat me like a child!
LOCK (Rokka): Ohh~... I'm worried about whether you all will like my gift.
PAREO (Reona): It is all right, LOCK-san! I will gladly accept your present, no matter what it is♪
LAYER (Rei): That's right. It's the thought that makes us happy for something like this.
CHU² (Chiyu): I've prepared a specially marvelous item that will please whoever gets it.
MASKING (Masuki): Since you're boastin' that much, I guess you're feelin' pretty confident about your present, huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course! It's my hand-picked selection of-
MASKING (Masuki): It ain't jerky, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I-I just remembered something I have to do. You're going to buy cake ingredients, right? I'll go off and finish my errand, so let's meet up again later.
LOCK & LAYER & PAREO & MASKING: ...
LOCK (Rokka): Umm... It seems like it was jerky...
MASKING (Masuki): I-I feel kinda bad for sayin' that...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. Why don't we prepare a surprise for CHU² as an apology?


14:10901 [Christmas Area]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

PAREO (Reona): The workers at that previous shop were all so adorable~!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, they really were! One person was dressed as Santa, and another was dressed as a reindeer. There was even one person dressed as a snowman!
LAYER (Rei): Masuki, you were looking at them the whole time, weren't you?
MASKING (Masuki): So what if I was? Cute things are cute, after all!
CHU² (Chiyu): There goes MASKING calling everything cute again...
LAYER (Rei): Do you think outfits like that are available at a shop?
PAREO (Reona): I believe so. Though they seemed to have sturdy textures compared to those sold at discount stores.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh~... To think you would recognize that with just a look.   You're impressive as always, PAREO-san!
PAREO (Reona): But of course! I started my preparations for our party later an entire month ago!
MASKING (Masuki): Hm...? Preparations?
LAYER (Rei): PAREO... You didn't...
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I created a Santa costume for CHU²-sama! I have prepared one of my finest masterpieces!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not wearing it.
PAREO (Reona): Why not~?! I have even prepared a reindeer costume for me to wear!
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't care! Haven't I told you multiple times that I'm not wearing that?!
PAREO (Reona): Ohh~, CHU²-sama~! Please don't say such heartless things~!
MASKING (Masuki): That PAREO... Even though she got turned down at Halloween, she didn't learn her lesson...
LOCK (Rokka): Still, CHU²-san in a Santa outfit... I may have wanted to see that myself...
CHU² (Chiyu): LOCK, did you say something just now?
LOCK (Rokka): E-eek~! It was nothing~!


