1:10450 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

Toko: Hm? Shiro, that button on your uniform looks ready to fall off.
Mashiro: You're right. Maybe it got snagged on something.
Toko: Want to stop by my place later and have it fixed?
Mashiro: Are you going to fix it for me?
Toko: No, but I can get someone at our shop to look at it! Better to have it done properly, right?
Mashiro: I'd feel guilty about having such a respected kimono store waste their time on that...!


2:10451 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

Mashiro: Toko-chan, is it true that you were almost late this morning? That's rare.
Toko: Yeah. Man, I ran my butt off!
Mashiro: But wait, didn't you say that you wake up at five in the morning every day? What happened?
Toko: Well, I had some free time and was checking social media, and before I knew it, I had to rush to make it!
Mashiro: (H-how focused on social media was she...?)


3:10452 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio)

Mashiro: I've always thought this, but you really are amazing, Rui-san.
Mashiro: You're skilled at the violin and able to write music. That's far beyond what I could do...
Rui: You and I are completely different people, Kurata-san. It stands to reason that our abilities are as well.
Rui: Your talents lie in being our vocalist and in writing lyrics. Our situations are not so different.
Mashiro: Y-you really think so...? Thank you, Rui-san.
Rui: No gratitude is necessary, as I merely stated fact. I do hope my words were useful in some way.


4:10453 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio)

Mashiro: Rui-san, the rest of us are going to get some ramen later. Care to join us?
Rui: I must decline. I am not fond of strong flavors.
Mashiro: Oh, okay...
Mashiro: Why don't we go with something a little more accommodating next time, then? How about, um... rice porridge?!
Rui: I am rather fond of the dish... but I wonder if that would be appropriate for group dining.


5:10454 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, let's eat lunch together today!
Mashiro: Sure, that sounds good. Did you have a place in mind?
Tsukushi: The weather is nice, so how about the garden gazebo?
Mashiro: Oh, I've actually been wanting to go there, but I was a little scared to on my own...
Tsukushi: Then I'll go with you! It's a popular lunch spot, though, so get ready to fight for your seat, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: O-okay...! I'll bring both my lunch and some courage.


6:10455 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan! Did Toko-chan come by here?
Mashiro: No, I haven't seen her. Why?
Tsukushi: As we were about to head to band practice, I told her to hand in the assignment we got from the teacher and...
Tsukushi: She ran off! I've never seen her move so fast...
Mashiro: Hahaha, she is in the track and field club, after all...


7:10456 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

Mashiro: Nanami-chan, aren't you the only one who attends the horror club? Doesn't that get lonely?
Nanami: Of course it does~! You should sign up, Shiro-chan!
Nanami: We have a lot of movies to choose from! Ghost stories, zombie flicks! You name it!
Mashiro: I-I think I'll pass on that...


8:10457 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Shiro-chan, can we hang out at your place sometime?
Mashiro: Sure, but... my house isn't anything special, so I think you might get bored.
Nanami: So it's a normal house?! Wow, that sounds so cool!
Mashiro: N-now you've got me nervous...


9:10458 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Rui: Kirigaya-san, do you truly find social media to be that exciting?
Toko: I can't get enough! You can connect with all sorts of people. Why not try it for yourself?
Toko: ... Wait, forget I said anything!
Toko: Whenever you do anything, it's all or nothing! I'll lose all my followers!
Rui: Do not worry. I have no intention of signing up.


10:10459 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Rui! Why didn't you say anything~?! You were amazing!
Rui: What on earth are you talking about?
Toko: Your latest fitness test! Your time for the sprint was insanely good! I would've come to watch if you told me!
Rui: It was nothing worth mentioning. I do not remember you asking about it either.


11:10460 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

Toko: Fusuke! Notice anything different about me today?
Tsukushi: Huh? You look the same to me... Um, did you cut your hair?
Toko: Wrong! I have my toenails painted a different color, of course!
Tsukushi: As if I can somehow see through your socks!


12:10461 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

Toko: Get a load of this, Fusuke! I won a prize from the vending machine!
Tsukushi: Cool! So they actually do give out prizes, then!
Toko: Anyway, I figured I'd share it with you. Here, have some.
Tsukushi: Thanks~... Huh? Matcha cola...?
Toko: Now this here is right up my alley, I tell ya~. Go on, Fusuke, have a sip!
Tsukushi: ... Wait, did you already taste it, Toko-chan?
Toko: Nope, not yet! But I knew I'd love from the moment I saw it.
Tsukushi: Try it yourself before passing it off on others~!


13:10462 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

Toko: Nanami, are you free after school today?
Nanami: Yeah. Do you want to go somewhere?
Toko: Bingo! I'd like to check out a new café that opened up!
Nanami: That's just like you, Toko-chan. Always checking up on these things.
Toko: You bet! You never know what sort of cool stuff is waiting out there~.


14:10463 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi)

Toko: Hm? Isn't that Shiro over there?
Nanami: Huh? Where, where?
Toko: Over there, by those bushes. Hey, Shiro~!
Nanami: ... Hm? Toko-chan, that's someone else!
Toko: For real? Might as well give them a Morfonica flyer while we're at it.
Nanami: Hahaha. Always on the ball~.


15:10464 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Tsukushi: When I play drums for too long, my posture starts to suffer. I wonder why...
Rui: That is the result of weak core muscles.
Tsukushi: Core muscles... How exactly do I train those?
Rui: Horseback riding is quite effective. Why not try for yourself?
Tsukushi: I'd like to start with something a little easier...


16:10465 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Tsukushi: Can you believe this, Rui-san?! Toko-chan said that I remind her of a hamster!
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: As if someone as diligent as me could be confused for a hamster!
Tsukushi: Isn't that right, Rui-san?!
Rui: ... Of course.
Tsukushi: Hey, why did you hesitate?!


17:10466 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Hey, why don't we all grab a bite to eat before practice today?
Rui: Is that a necessary part of our rehearsals? If not, then I must decline.
Nanami: It's totally necessary~.
Nanami: By sharing a meal together, would it not strengthen our bond and improve our performances?
Rui: ... How does sharing a meal strengthen our bond?
Nanami: Hrm, you're making this tough~...


18:10467 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Rui-rui, you visit the library a lot. What kind of books do you read?
Rui: I have no particular favorites. I read anything that catches my eye.
Nanami: Okay, so what have you picked up recently?
Rui: ... An encyclopedia of Paleozoic organisms.
Nanami: Oh, I read that too! Opabinia are so cute~.
Rui: ... I never thought I would be discussing such material with anyone.


19:10468 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Perfect timing, Nanami-chan! Here, this is for you!
Nanami: Ohhh~! This keychain comes with the purchase of plastic bottles~!
Nanami: And it's a rare silver version too. Are you sure I can have it?
Tsukushi: Sure, take it. I'm way past these kinds of things, anyway.
Nanami: Yay~. Thanks, Tsu-chan!


20:10469 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

Nanami: Tsu-chan, I made that hair accessory you requested~. How does this look?
Tsukushi: Wow~! It's just like how I imagined it! So detailed, and you even made three of them. Were they difficult you make?
Nanami: No, it was noth- Ah, I mean, yeah, I guess it was a little tough.
Tsukushi: Sorry~. But thanks to you, my younger sisters and I can have matching accessories now.
Tsukushi: They want to be exactly like me nowadays. It's rough.
Nanami: Hahaha, it's because they love you so much, Tsu-chan~.


21:10526 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

Mashiro: I've seen that girl on the news online... If I recall, she won first place in an international ballet competition.
Mashiro: And isn't that girl famous for traditional Japanese dance? ... I feel like that's what Toko-chan told me.
Mashiro: This school really does have nothing but amazing people...


22:10531 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Toko Kirigaya)

Toko: Huh? Is today a track and field club day?
Toko: Oh man, I forgot... And here I was thinking of practicing guitar today.
Toko: Wait, hang on a sec. Maybe I can play as I run...?
Toko: Am I a genius or what? This'll shake up the guitar world!


23:10536 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: Now then, I don't have band practice today... So what should I do~?
Nanami: I know, I should drop by the Horror Club. I'm sure there was a movie I haven't seen yet.
Nanami: In which case, I have to get a drink and some snacks at the school store before that. Those are a must for horror movies, after all.
Nanami: Fufufu, looks like things have gotten busy for me~.


24:10541 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Huh? Those flowers over there are drooping a little...
Tsukushi: I wonder if no one has been giving them any water...
Tsukushi: Sigh, I guess I've got no choice. I have to go get some water for them!


25:10546 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Rui Yashio)

Rui: There are an awful lot of bad behavior reports today.
Rui: "Playing music in the classroom without permission - Toko Kirigaya, Class 1B." "Wearing personal articles that violate school regulations - Toko Kirigaya, Class 1B."
Rui: ... Sigh
Rui: A troublesome girl.


26:10827 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

ましろ (Mashiro): つくしちゃん、何飲んでるの？
つくし (Tsukushi): これは野菜ジュースだよ。 さっき売店で買ってきたんだ！
ましろ (Mashiro): そうなんだ…… ほうれん草とにんじん……グリーンピースも入ってる……
ましろ (Mashiro): あんまりおいしそうじゃないね……
つくし (Tsukushi): そ、そんなことないよ！ きっとこういうのは、甘くておいしいはず……！
つくし (Tsukushi): ……っ！
ましろ (Mashiro): ……つくしちゃん？ どう？
つくし (Tsukushi): まっ、まあまあかな！ ちょっとお水持ってくる！


27:10828 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

瑠唯 (Rui): 広町さん。ホラー研究会の報告提出書が 提出されていないわ
七深 (Nanami): あ、すっかり忘れてた。 今から書いちゃうから、ちょっとだけ待っててくれる～？
瑠唯 (Rui): そんなにすぐにかけるものではないでしょう。 終わったら持ってきてくれれば……
七深 (Nanami): あ、待って待って！ もう終わったよ。はい、これ
瑠唯 (Rui): ……さすがね
七深 (Nanami): え、なに～？
瑠唯 (Rui): いいえ。これはもらっていくわね


28:11032 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

Soyo: Hmm, I'll print out the scores for everyone before club activities start...
Soyo: I've already collected all the printouts from the class as the teacher requested too, so I just have to hand them over...
Soyo: Ah, I did promise to show them my homework too.
Soyo: Sigh, everyone is such a handful, really.


29:11033 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

Soyo: ... Oh, a message from Anon-chan.
Soyo: "Karaoke coupon valid until today! Someone please come with me!"
Soyo: Three others have already read the message, but no one's replying.
Soyo: Ugh... Anon-chan is stamp bombing the chat...
Soyo: ...... Sigh.


30:60332 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya)

Mashiro: Great, why did I have to forget my homework today of all days... I got scolded by the teacher.
Toko: It's not a big deal! That's like totally business as usual for me!
Mashiro: Um... it's not that I didn't do it... I just kinda forgot to put it in my bag...
Toko: Making excuses to me won't do you any good, you know?
Toko: Anyway, it's, like, my third day of forgetting homework!
Mashiro: I-I don't think I want to be viewed in the same way...


31:60333 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan! Let's have lunch together!
Mashiro: Okay. The usual spot in the courtyard, right?
Tsukushi: Mm-hmm. We'll be having one of our meetings, so can you invite Toko-chan and Rui-san too?
Tsukushi: By the way, what's in your lunch today?
Mashiro: Um... I think my mom said bite-sized hamburger steaks.
Tsukushi: They're great, aren't they? Do you think we can exchange food again?
Mashiro: Sure, I don't mind. I enjoy exchanging food with everyone.


32:60334 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi)

Nanami: I just remembered today is horror club day~.
Mashiro: By the way, I heard you have more members now... What do you do nowadays?
Nanami: Nothing's changed really. People just show up every now and then.
Mashiro: Fufu, then I guess you don't have to feel lonely.
Nanami: Yeah. Now when I'm researching scary stories alone, a club member will sometimes suddenly be standing behind me~.
Mashiro: Th-that doesn't scare you, Nanami-chan...?


33:60343 [Tsukinomori Girls' Academy]

(Character: Rui Yashio)

Rui: There seems to be an unusually high incidence of reports of improper conduct today.
Rui: "Unauthorized decoration of morning assembly mic by Toko Kirigaya, Class 2A." "Fashion show in auditorium by Toko Kirigaya, Class 2A."
Rui: ... Sigh. I wonder if she has any awareness that she is now a class representative.


