1:10873 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: You guys, look, look! That store over there and this one right here are full of Halloween treats~!
Tae: I heard it's a Halloween snack fair. Isn't it amazing? A bunch of monsters are shaped like candies.
Arisa: Oh, come on. It's the candies that are shaped like monsters. But every store sure is going all in.
Saya: They all look so cute and tasty. Rimi-rin, I bet you must love stuff like this.
Rimi: ...
Saya: Rimi-rin, what's the matter? You seem distracted...
Rimi: Ah. Um, the thing is, I've been refraining from eating sweets until recently. Because when this time of year comes around, I tend to eat too many...
Kasumi: Then after holding back until today, I bet the treats you eat from now on will be awesomely delicious!
Rimi: Yeah! I wonder what I should get... There are pumpkin cream puffs... and sweet potato Mont Blancs... Ohh, they all look so good...
Tae: Ah, Rimi! Look at that. There's a huge pumpkin monster.
Rimi: Is that... a jack-o'-lantern chocolate cake? Incredible...! It's made entirely out of cake.
Arisa: Wait, isn't that way too big? There's no way that's for one person.
Kasumi: In that case, let's all share it!
Saya: Ah, that's a good idea. It might be the perfect size to split among the five of us.
Tae: Sounds good to me. Okay, let's go buy it together.
Rimi: Right! Excuse me~, we'll take this, please~!


2:10874 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Saya: Hey, there's a costume exhibition space. You really can't have Halloween without costumes.
Rimi: There's a Dracula, a werewolf, and a Frankenstein's monster... Wow, cool! This zombie looks so realistic.
Arisa: Whoa! It seriously does. I bet you'd see quality like this in a horror movie...
Tae: Aren't there any rabbits?
Arisa: I doubt it. What would they have to do with Halloween, anyway?
Kasumi: Seeing this makes me wanna dress up, too~! Hey, what do you guys wanna dress up as?
Saya: Hmm. A witch or a black cat is pretty classic... but since it's Halloween, I'd like to try something unique.
Kasumi: Mhm! In that case, to make it fun, we should go with something that suits us~!
Tae: Something that suits Poppin'Party... Ah. Then let's go with instrument costumes!
Rimi: Instrument costumes?
Tae: I made a guitar costume before, and it was really fun. You guys should make your own instrument costume so we can dress up together!
Kasumi: Wow, nice! I'd like to wear them and put on a show!
Rimi: Fufu. That sounds like fun. O-Tae-chan, I'd love it if you told us how to make them later.
Arisa: Wait, why are you guys up for that?
Saya: Hmm... I'd be the drums, but could I even pull that off? How should I represent the snare drum?
Arisa: Wha- Saya, not you too...! And anyway, instrument costumes have absolutely nothing to do with Halloween!


3:10875 [Event Hall]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: Whoa. Look, look~! This giant pumpkin is the one that's been blowing up on social media!
Tomoe: Ohh, now that is impressive! It's so big, I bet you could make the pumpkin carriage from that one fairy tale.
Himari: Fufu, you're right~! Okay, I'll get a pic of my own right away!
Tsugumi: This miniature tower is also really lovely!
Ran: Yeah, nice. It's kinda like a snowman.
Moca: I'm more interested in the pumpkin buns for sale next to it~. Hmm, the pumpkin pie looks good too...
Himari: Halloween events have lively spots like this as well as horrific stuff. But I'm glad we came here~!
Moca: Oh dear. Hii-chan, are you sure it's okay to say something like that~?
Himari: Huh? Why?
Moca: Some Halloween spirits might be here because they like lively places like you do, y'know~?
Himari: Come on~! This is supposed to be a fun event, so don't say scary things like that~!
Tomoe: Moca, don't scare her too much. Still, I think you might be a bit too jumpy, Himari.
Ran: Seriously. Just enjoy yourself and don't think about anything else.
Himari: But you guys all remember how we've seen a real ghost before...
All: ...
Ran: ... Why don't we talk about something else?
Tsugumi: Th-they say that talking about things like that can actually draw something to you, after all...!
Tomoe: R-right! Umm, is there anything fun-looking~...?
Himari: Ugh! Moca, it's because you say such weird things that the mood's awkward now~!
Moca: Sorry, sorry~. Even I'm regretting it~.


4:10876 [Event Hall]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Ah! This tapestry is cute too! What else is there~...? Ah, there are sheets of bat-shaped cellophane stuck to the lights! I could use these as a reference...
Ran: Tsugumi, you're taking a lotta photos today.
Moca: Yeah. You're almost on par with Hii-chan~. Did you catch the social media bug too?
Tsugumi: Ah, no! That's not exactly why...
Tsugumi: The truth is, I was taking notes of decorations we might be able to use at the café.
Tomoe: Huh. Come to think of it, your place has pretty elaborate decorations every year.
Himari: Mhm! I'm always taking loads of pictures at their café each year!
Tsugumi: Fufu, thanks! But it feels like we've been using similar decorations year after year...
Ran: I see. So that's why you were trying to check out other places.
Moca: That's our Tsugu. She's always on the ball~.
Himari: If that's what you're doing, we'll help too!
Tomoe: But what would we be doing? It looks like Tsugu's already taken a bunch of photos...
Himari: You've got a point~... Ah! Then what about drawing a picture of the kind of café we want it to be?
Ran: Ah~... That's not a bad idea, but...
Tomoe: Would you be the one drawing it? We might want to ask Moca to handle it...
Himari: Hey! What's with those reactions?!
Moca: They're worried that if you drew it, Hazawa Coffee might look like a haunted house~.
Himari: Ohh~, you guys are so rude! Tsugu, you don't think that, right?!
Tsugumi: U-umm~... Ahaha...
Himari: D-don't just laugh it off~!


5:10877 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: What cute decorations~. Ah, there are jack-o'-lanterns over there too!
Eve: They are very cute wearing their hats. This ghost wearing a bowtie is wonderful as well.
Maya: And there are snacks for sale over this way. They have Halloween-themed wrapping, which is so exciting!
Chisato: Fufu, that's because if they don't have treats ready, people will play tricks on them.
Aya: Ngh, tricks...
Hina: What's wrong, Aya-chan?
Aya: Don't "what's wrong?" me~. I just remembered the tricks you've played on me, Hina-chan.
Aya: Last Halloween, you handed me a box you said had fan letters in it. But it was actually a jack-in-the-box...
Hina: Ahaha. It was so funny how scared you got back then.
Maya: There was also the time when you packed her pen case full of candies and chocolates.
Chisato: ... Yes. Aya-chan is her target for the most part.
Eve: But Aya-san, did you not give Hina-san some candies?
Aya: That's right! Even though I gave you candies, you still played tricks on me~!
Hina: That's because I practice "trick or trick." I've got something even better in store for you this year, so look forward to it♪
Aya: Ohh~, Hina-chan~!
Chisato: You should just give up, Aya-chan. No one can stop Hina-chan at times like this.
Maya: W-well, in a sense, tricks are also one of the pleasures of Halloween.
Eve: That is right. It is certain to be a fun trick... Or it should be!


6:10878 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: Wow, a jack-o'-lantern cake...!
Hina: Ahaha, Aya-chan's boppidy bop boppin'♪
Maya: That's because she's been saying how much she's been looking forward to the limited Halloween sweets for a while now.
Aya: I normally refrain from eating sweets, but I thought it'd be okay to have a few today...
Chisato: Yes, I suppose it would be alright to have one treat now and then. You're always working so hard, after all.
Eve: Ah! There are many cute sweets lined up here as well.
Eve: These are cream puffs with plenty of whipped cream. Their jack-o'-lantern faces are very adorable♪
Hina: Aren't these cookies cute too? Look, Aya-chan. They're shaped like bats.
Aya: Wow, you're right. The cream puffs and cookies are nice too.
Aya: Gasp! No, no. I decided I'd only get one treat.
Hina: What~? But they're both only available for a limited time. Are you sure you wanna give up on them?
Eve: There are also ghost marshmallows. They are so cute, it would be a shame to eat them.
Aya: Ohh~...
Maya: Hina-san, Eve-san. Aya-san is getting confused.
Aya: What do I do, Chisato-chan~?!
Chisato: I suppose there's no choice. Let's each buy one and share them.
Chisato: In exchange, you have to brace yourselves starting tomorrow.
Hina & Eve: Okay~. Okay!
Maya: There you have it. Isn't that great, Aya-san?
Aya: Yeah!


7:10879 [Event Hall]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: I think we need a gigantic pumpkin monster.
Yukina: ... What exactly are you talking about?
Ako: When I was looking at the stage in the event space, I came up with an idea for a Halloween concert~.
Lisa: I see. So you're talking about a staging plan~. Your ideas are always interesting, so I'm a little curious♪
Rinko: I'd also... like to hear about it...
Sayo: A large pumpkin monster alone is not to the point, so could I ask you to explain in more detail?
Ako: Okay! Um, first~... We make it look like we're fighting the pumpkin monster as we're playing the concert~...
(Black cut)
Ako: ... And then, in the end, the monster is covered in dark flames and becomes Roselia's servant...! Like baboom!!
Ako: ... If we did something like that with the staging where we turned an enemy into an ally, wouldn't it be super cool?!
Lisa: Ahaha, having the stage be lively might be fun☆
Rinko: Yeah... I think it's an interesting idea... that's perfect for Halloween...
Sayo: However, if we are to apply that idea to an actual concert...
Yukina: ... I didn't quite understand the charm of the story.
Ako: Hrm~, so it was a no-go, huh~...? It sure is hard making it so you understand, Yukina-san~.
Yukina: However, I thought the pyrotechnics partway through was a good idea.
Ako: Whoa. I know, right?! I really wanna do a Dark Halloween concert someday~!!


8:10880 [Event Hall]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: Hmm~... Those ghost chocolates are cute, but it's hard to pass up on these tarts... I can't decide~!
Rinko: I can't... make a decision either... They're all so lovely.
Ako: If the two of you are having trouble choosing, let's each buy a different one and share them~.
Sayo: Which ones are you wavering between?
Lisa: Umm. Well, first, there are these cookies. The pumpkin pudding looks nice, and so does the black cat cake.
Lisa: Ah, I'm also curious about those assorted candies over there. And then there's this, and this here...
Yukina: In other words, you cannot choose at all.
Ako: That's because Lisa-nee has a soft spot for limited items~.
Rinko: Imai-san is... routinely on the lookout for various items...
Lisa: Well, if you tell me now's the only time to buy something, I have trouble choosing!
Sayo: That is also in line with who you are... Well then, let us begin by separating your selections into categories.
Sayo: Is there a difference between what you "absolutely want to buy" and what "somewhat draws your interest" the times you cannot make up your mind?
Lisa: Now that you mention it, yeah...
Sayo: If you categorize options in that way, you should be able to naturally narrow down your list.
Lisa: I see...! Um. In that case, I need to have this and this~...
Sayo: Then you should pick between those two items you chose before anything else.
Lisa: W-wait a second! I kinda hoped you'd let me pick at least one more~...
Sayo: That would be no different than before, would it not?
Ako: Th-this kinda seems exactly like what Sayo-san would do.
Rinko: Yeah...
Yukina: She does not cut corners with any selection... That is just what I would expect from Sayo...


9:10881 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Halloween makes me think of costumes. And how people tell you that they'll play a trick on you if you don't give them a treat!
Misaki: Ahh, now that you mention it, that's right. I guess it's the staple for the celebration.
Kanon: Looking at people in their costumes really makes it feel like Halloween... But I wonder why people dress up for it.
Kokoro: It must be because it's more fun that way!
Misaki: ... I'm a little frustrated that I can't outright deny that... Ah, the explanation is written in that costume item corner.
Kaoru: "Halloween is based on a Celtic custom. It began when people would dress and act like evil spirits to protect themselves from those evil spirits." ... There you have it.
Misaki: Huh... That's the complete opposite of it being fun...
Kanon: Evil spirits sound kind of scary...
Kokoro: In other words, you dress up to be friends with evil spirits!
Kaoru: Fufu. So they are costumes for acting out a different version of yourself.
Hagumi: Wow! That sounds like fun! I wanna be friends with evil spirits too!
Misaki: Whoa, whoa. They're evil spirits. Evil.
Kanon: Evil spirits are scary, but... they might not be if we become friends with them.
Kokoro: Then let's all dress up and be friends with the evil spirits!
Kokoro: And then we'll get them to have a wonderful time enjoying this Halloween event!
Hagumi: Yeah! This event has lots of fun corners, after all.
Kaoru: Indeed. What say we provide the guests with the finest hospitality?
Misaki: Ugh, there they go again...
Kokoro: Okay! Let's all dress in fantabulous costumes and have fun with the evil spirits!


10:10882 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Trick or treat♪ Trick or treat♪
Kanon: Fufu. Hagumi-chan looks like she's having fun.
Kanon: ... Speaking of which, what are you supposed to do if someone asks for a trick when you say trick or treat?
Misaki: U-uhh... I think you're supposed to play a trick on them, aren't you...?
Kokoro: You are? I wonder what kind of tricks would make everyone smile!
Hagumi: I bet it'd be really funny if we put on a concert for them!
Kaoru: It may be entertaining to usher them into my étude.
Misaki: No, guys, come on. Why are you assuming you're supposed to entertain people? Aren't tricks meant to be where you scare people or something like that?
Kokoro: But if we're going to play tricks, wouldn't it be better for them to be fun?
Kaoru: Precisely. As Shakespeare once said... "A smile is always best."
Hagumi: Hey, I know! What do you think of us coming up with a super special trick?
Kaoru: Hagumi. That is a brilliant idea. Ahh, I look forward to seeing the kittens' smiles.
Kanon: A trick... I'm a little nervous about whether I can do that or not.
Misaki: I understand those three, but why are you also on board? I keep saying this, but tricks aren't like tha-
Kokoro: Join us, Misaki! I'm sure it will be wonderfully fun!
Misaki: Whaaat...?
Kanon: Fufu. Misaki-chan. I agree we'd probably have more fun if you were with us.
Misaki: If you say so... Fine, I'm in.
Kokoro: Then it's settled! We'll make the entire Halloween town smile! Operation Hello, Happy World! Smile Trick...
All: Starts now!


11:10883 [Event Hall]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Ooh, what incredible decorations. That jack-o'-lantern over there is huge~.
Mashiro: There's a monster doll over that way. It looks like it's flying through the sky...
Tsukushi: Fufu. Mashiro-chan's eyes are sparkling.
Toko: You're right! Shiro, you must really like stuff like this, huh?
Mashiro: Yeah... It kind of feels like we've come to a monster town.
Nanami: It definitely feels like that kind of town~. The whole venue is filled with Halloween characters.
Rui: ...? That area over there is rather boisterous.
Tsukushi: I wonder what it could be... Is there some kind of event going on?
Rui: ... It would appear that there is a booth where you can participate in a costume experience.
Toko: Seriously?! Then we gotta go over and borrow some too!
Nanami: Nice! Dressing in costumes with your friends feels like a high school thing to do~!
Tsukushi: Costumes, huh~? That's a little embarrassing, but... it might be fun.
Rui: If we are going to borrow outfits, let us go quickly. We will be a nuisance to those around us by simply standing here.
Nanami: Good point. Shiro-chan, do you want to dress up together? Let's be monsters and explore the town~!
Tsukushi: That sounds like fun. If we become monsters, we might be able to enjoy the venue's atmosphere even more!
Mashiro: But there are so many kinds of monsters... I might not know which one to choose.
Toko: Don't even sweat it! I'll pick out a costume that'll look super great on you!
Toko: Let's hurry over. We're gonna party it up today~!


12:10884 [Event Hall]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Mashiro: Wow, there are a variety of stores. I smell something really sweet.
Rui: It would seem sweets associated with Halloween are being sold.
Nanami: There's pumpkin pie, pumpkin donuts, and pumpkin cake... And it looks like that's not all. There are so many~.
Tsukushi: Huh, so you can make this many sweets just with pumpkin... Maybe I'll try making some next time.
Toko: Well, guess I don't have a choice~. Fusuke, I'll help you out! You can leave the taste testing to me anytime~!
Nanami: Me too, me too! If you call me, I'll come flying right away~.
Tsukushi: Ohh~, you say that, but you only want to eat sweets. But thanks. I just might take you up on the offer!
Rui: What kind of pumpkin sweets are you thinking of making?
Tsukushi: For the moment, I might want to try making all the ones here in this venue! Other than that... Do you have any requests?
Toko: I want something as big as that jack-o'-lantern over there!
Mashiro: Huh...? That one over there...? But it's about the same size as all of us.
Toko: That's why it'll have such an impact! Shiro, you really don't get it~.
Rui: Thinking realistically, I believe that is impossible.
Nanami: In that case, what about this? We can draw different Halloween pictures on the sweets.
Mashiro: Whoa... How nice. A picture of a ghost playing tag with a black cat or a witch flying through the air might be cute.
Rui: It sounds as though drawing skills will be required for those sweets.
Toko: Don't worry, it's fine! It'll be a cinch for Fusuke!
Nanami: Do you wanna buy the ingredients after we leave and start baking right away? In fact, why don't we all help out~?
Toko: Nice idea, Nanami! Fusuke~? Now you've got the power of hundreds behind you~.
Mashiro: I might just get in the way, but... I can wash dishes, so leave that to me.
Tsukushi: Huh? Are we really doing that today? H-hold on. You have to let me get things ready~.


13:10885 [Event Hall]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

MASKING (Masuki): Alright! Guess this'll do it.
PAREO (Reona): Massu-san, you've certainly purchased a lot. Both of your bags are filled to bursting!
LOCK (Rokka): You've got jack-o'-lantern-shaped chocolates, bat-shaped cookies, marshmallows with ghost faces, and black cat marzipan sweets... They're all so cute~!
MASKING (Masuki): They were cheap at a Halloween sale, so I couldn't help myself.
LAYER (Rei): This bag is impressive too. It has sugar, flour, heavy cream, and butter...
MASKING (Masuki): Ya can't have Halloween without makin' some sweets, right? Why don't I bake us somethin' over at CHU²'s place?!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Well, I suppose that's fine. Our practice is over for the day.
MASKING (Masuki): Wonder what I should make... Cupcakes? Maybe macarons...
PAREO (Reona): Treats made with pumpkin or sweet potatoes are so wonderfully suited for Halloween♪
LOCK (Rokka): I'll help you!
MASKING (Masuki): Now you're talkin'!
PAREO (Reona): Then let's also decorate the room as soon as we get back! It will be a RAS Halloween party♪
LAYER (Rei): That's fine, but... are the five of us eating all this food?
MASKING (Masuki): We'll have pumpkin pie and sweet potato cakes... Decoratin' puddings might work too. I'm itchin' to get bakin'!
PAREO (Reona): I'll make them with you~!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... It seems like they can't hear you.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... It sounds like it'll be a blast.


14:10886 [Event Hall]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

LAYER (Rei): During the Halloween season, you often see people in costumes.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. Events are goin' on here and there, and I even saw a Dracula in town.
LOCK (Rokka): I saw someone dressed as a witch! It was a uniquely Halloween sight~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Unbelievable... What's so fun about walking around dressed in something like that?
PAREO (Reona): That just shows how much of a special celebration it is, CHU²-sama~♪ I think black cat outfits are especially cute!
LAYER (Rei): By black cat outfit... do you mean a mascot costume?
PAREO (Reona): Oh, no! This year, I prepared a set of black cat pajamas and a frilly skirt set with cat ears!
MASKING (Masuki): You prepared them?
LOCK (Rokka): So you weren't talking about seeing someone dressed up like that?
LAYER (Rei): Ahh... Since this is you we're talking about, there must be someone who you want to wear that, right?
PAREO (Reona): Well, of course...!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not wearing those.
PAREO (Reona): Aww~! Why not, CHU²-sama~?! I'm certain either one would suit you so well!
CHU² (Chiyu): It's not about whether they'd suit me or not! There's no way I'm wearing them!
PAREO (Reona): It would only have to be for a short while! Just put one on for a short time, so we can take pictures together, walk around town, and-
CHU² (Chiyu): That doesn't sound like a short time at all!
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha... PAREO never changes.


15:30000 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Nnn~! Halloween is just so exciting and full of energy! ... Hm? Misaki, there's a stage right over there!
Misaki: Ah, seems like they're planning a show. I don't think it's started yet, though.
Kokoro: You know what would be loads of fun?! If we all got up on stage and sang our hearts out!
Misaki: Huh?! No no no, you'd get chewed out if you climbed up there without asking! Besides, look at all the snacks that are being sold. How about we walk around and check them out?
Kokoro: Oh, how lovely! Let's go see, then!


16:30001 [Event Hall]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

Himari: Your vampire outfit is totally killer, Tomoe~. It's somehow cool but also really dignified!
Tomoe: Haha, you think so? Your take on vampires is lookin' good, too!
Himari: Hehehe♪ All we're missing is some tomato juice to make for a perfect costume!
Tomoe: Why would we need that?
Himari: All vampires apparently just love the stuff. They're surprisingly health-conscious!
Tomoe: Uh, I think you might be a bit off the mark there...?


17:30002 [Event Hall]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Oh, Tomoe. What a coincidence. Are you here to hang out, too?
Tomoe: You bet! I can't get enough of these sorts of events!
Lisa: Same goes for me! So, in honor of Halloween, I whipped up some pumpkin cookies. Feel free to help yourself♪
Tomoe: Whoa~! They look really tasty~! I'll skip the "tricks" and go straight for the "treats!"
Lisa: Hahaha, roger that! I'm feeling pretty confident about this batch, so let me know what you think of them☆


18:30003 [Event Hall]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Rimi-chan, you honor me with your heavenly presence. I thought an honest-to-goodness angel had descended upon me. Ahhh, how fleeting...!
Rimi: Huh? ... Ah!
Rimi: (It's the gorgeous Phantom Thief-san from before...?! What should I do?! Meeting here like this... My heart is pounding...!)
Kaoru: Oh dear, what ever could be the reason behind that bright red complexion?
Rimi: U-uhm... Excuse me!
Kaoru: Ah! ... Fufu, and off she goes. Dare I wager that angel truly flew here from above.


19:30004 [Event Hall]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Yukina-san! Your costume is super wicked cool!
Yukina: It is? I don't believe that's the word I would use to describe it...
Ako: Spawning from that shadowy abyss, with jet-black ears dark as pitch, came forth a cat. And its name was...! ... Uhm, yeah! Anyway, super cool costume!
Yukina: Thank you...
Ako: We have to show everyone else what a great job you did! I'm sure they'll also agree with how super cool you are!
Yukina: That would be nice, but... I simply cannot get used to this attire.


20:30005 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

Kasumi: A text from O-Tae♪ Hahaha, check this out, Saya. She's throwing a Halloween party at her place!
Saya: Wow, even Oddie and the other rabbits are all dressed up~. Fufu, how adorable.
Kasumi: Hey, let's take a picture of ourselves and send it as a reply!
Saya: Good idea. I say we all go out and look for a nice photo spot to take it at.
Kasumi: Agreed~! Hurry, we've gotta find one ASAP♪


21:30006 [Event Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: There sure are a lot of Halloween decorations hung up all over the stores~☆ Ah, and they even have a snack shop!
Moca: Halloween is just a barrel of excitement~. There are mountains of snacks and yummies galore.
Lisa: Same here. I totally dig the atmosphere on Halloween♪
Moca: And after Halloween comes all that Christmas chicken and cake~... And then, osechi on New Year's Day. Following up with Valentine's Day chocolate... Next would be~...
Lisa: Moca, really. All you're doing is listing off food, jeez~.


22:30007 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Michelle looks good in just about any kind of costume.
Misaki: Ah, I have to agree with you there. Michelle can surprisingly pull off anything she wears.
Kanon: Doesn't matter whether she's aiming for a cool look or a cute look.
Kanon: You know, I think you'd look adorable if you stood side-by-side with her in matching outfits, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Hahaha. Well, somebody has to actually stay in the suit...


23:30008 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: The common greeting for this holiday goes "Happy Halloween!", doesn't it?!
Kasumi: Sure does! So, if done with a bit of Poppin'Party flair, I guess it'd go "Happy Popipapapipopa Halloween!"
Kokoro: My, how lovely! In that case, Hello, Happy World!'s would likely go "Happy! Halloween! Smile! Yay!", right?!
Kasumi: Wow, super catchy! That just screams Halloween, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Hehe, Halloween is loads of fun!


24:30009 [Event Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara)

Himari: That sweets shop is so cute! Everything is in Halloween-themed packaging! Hey, Moca, let's go take a quick little peek♪
Moca: Hii-chan, didn't you say that you'd go on a diet~?
Himari: I-it'll be fine! I'll just be sure to be extra active!
Moca: That's exactly what you said last time~...
Himari: Today is special because it's Halloween~! Come on, let's go!


25:30010 [Event Hall]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: Our bakery is currently selling a lot of Halloween-themed bread. We've got some shaped like jack-o'-lanterns, and others shaped like ghosts.
Rimi: Sounds interesting. Seems like it'd be fun to choose a favorite one.
Saya: That's the idea. We also have pumpkin coronets.
Rimi: Pumpkin coronets? Wow, I want to try some.
Saya: It's like a chocolate coronet but with pumpkin cream filling, instead! The reviews have been good so far. Be sure to grab one the next time you come around!
Rimi: Oh, I'm really interested now. They'll only be around during Halloween, right? I'll definitely stop by and grab one before the holiday ends.


26:30011 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

Kaoru: As I step forth to examine the maiden before me, I find her to be none other than Kanon. Happy Halloween!
Kanon: Ah, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: I, too, have decided to participate in these fleeting festivities.
Kanon: I'm so glad to finally bump into someone that I know.
Kaoru: Judging from the situation, this dear little lamb seems to have once again lost her way. Stay close, Kanon, for I shall guide you this eve.


27:30012 [Event Hall]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

Yukina: As expected, I'm simply not cut out for this manner of attire.
Lisa: You'll be fine! It's Halloween, after all! How about turning that frown upside-down?
Yukina: But... aren't I a bit out of place, looking like this?
Lisa: Out of place? Hardly! If anything, you're cute as a button! Come on, you can trust me!
Yukina: Well, if Lisa says so... then I suppose I can stay like this for a little while longer.


28:30013 [Event Hall]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Sis! Hey, sis! Don't I look like I'm just dripping with the power of darkness?!
Tomoe: Haha, you've got that right! Can't think of a better outfit for ya!
Ako: Hehehe♪ Ah! Sis, look! Over there! It's a huge jack-o'-lantern!
Tomoe: Whoa, get a load of that whopper! Seems to be some kind of big balloon.
Ako: No doubt that it has been summoned to be my demonic servant! Sis, don't panic if you see any ghosts or other ghoulies! I'll take care of everything!
Tomoe: I knew I could count on you, Ako~! Alright, let's party 'till we drop!


29:30014 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara)

Kokoro: Kanon, I've got awful news! Michelle is missing!
Kanon: If you're looking for Michelle, she said that she's attending a Halloween party and unfortunately can't come.
Kokoro: Oh my, really? If only she had invited us to go with her! Ha! If Michelle is going, then I'm sure the whole event is just jam-packed with bears!
Kanon: Y-you may be right.
Kokoro: Such a total bear blowout would be a blast! Next time I see Michelle, I'll have her tell me all about it!


30:30015 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

Aya: Okay, here goes! "Happy Halloween!"
Hina: How'd it come out? Show me, show me!
Aya: Uh, I don't think this'll do... Hina-chan, how about we take one more photo, okay?
Hina: Huh~? Just show me, already! Pfft, hahaha! Aya-chan, your face is a blurry mess! We've totally gotta post this one online!
Aya: I told you it was bad~! Ugh, this is why I didn't want to show you~!


31:30016 [Event Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

Hina: Sorry to keep you waiting, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Hina-chan, you're rather late... Did something happen?
Hina: Well, someone asked me for my autograph! And before I knew it, there was a whole line of people waiting for one!
Chisato: A line of people? That just won't do, Hina-chan. Today, we're wearing outfits that are certain to attract attention, so we must take extra care to try and avoid standing out.
Hina: Wow! Hey, Chisato-chan, I found a big stage! Why not use this and start up an autograph session?
Chisato: H-Hina-chan! Would you just listen for... It's no use. I can't possibly control her all on my own...


32:30017 [Event Hall]

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Maya-san, your demeanor is quite different today! What a "super cool" outfit!
Maya: Huhehe, you mean it? Thank you so much! Eve-san, your outfit also suits you very well.
Eve: Does it? I'm so glad to hear you say that.
Maya: Moreover, seeing all of these decorations every which way makes it feel like a party. I'm getting pretty pumped up.
Eve: Fufu, it's a Halloween soirée for one and all.


33:30018 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi)

Aya: The Halloween special from the other day was a bit hectic, but it was also a lot of fun!
Chisato: Yes, it was. I'm very much looking forward to seeing how the broadcast will be edited.
Aya: It'd be great if they cut out all the parts with me fumbling my words~.
Chisato: That... may prove to be difficult.
Aya: Huh?! Why~?!
Chisato: Let's not concern ourselves with that. Halloween is a day for celebration♪


34:30019 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Kasumi-chan, want to take a photo with me?
Kasumi: Wow, that sounds swell! Let's strike a Halloween pose~!
Aya: Wait, what kind of pose would that be? Should we make scary faces or something?
Kasumi: Alright, we'll pose like pumpkins, then! Okay, get ready~!
Aya: Huh? Wha-? Like a pumpkin? Kasumi-chan, hold on a-...!


35:30020 [Event Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato)

Maya: Hina-san, the candy they're selling comes in all sorts of varieties!
Hina: So it does! Ah, I found one that's pumpkin-flavored!
Maya: I believe those are a limited Halloween edition.
Hina: And here's one that comes in sweet potato!
Maya: There are so many that it's hard to choose~.
Hina: What to get, what to get~. I had better buy something for Sis, too♪


36:30021 [Event Hall]

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato)

Misaki: Yamato-san, that sort of outfit isn't very typical of you. It's really cool.
Maya: Huh?! Really? I'm really happy that you'd say that. It's all thanks to the advice I received. "Contrast is everything!"
Misaki: Contrast, huh. That does sound like an important part of wardrobe.
Maya: And the lack of your Michelle costume is the most contrasting of all, Okusawa-san! You've pulled it off well~!
Misaki: Ah, well, it's not like I was intentionally aiming for the "human being" look or anything... Anyway, I'm hoping to just enjoy today for what it is.


37:30022 [Event Hall]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

Chisato: Eve-chan, does that handkerchief have a Halloween motif? How adorable.
Eve: Thank you very much! It was a present from a fan.
Chisato: Oh, I see. What a wonderful gift..
Eve: Yes, it is! I will be certain to treasure it.
Chisato: Halloween goods are always so impactful in their designs. Just observing them is fun in and of itself.
Eve: I agree. It really does feel like a once-a-year event! Chisato-chan, we should try to really enjoy ourselves today!


38:30023 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome)

Kasumi & Rimi: Let's dig in~!
Kasumi: Mmm, so cool and delicious~!
Rimi: It says the pumpkin-flavored ice cream is limited to Halloween only.
Kasumi: I guess that makes sense! Well, in that case, maybe I should buy one more?!
Rimi: They're also selling pumpkin pie. It's almost impossible to decide with all these tasty-looking goodies~!
Kasumi: No sense in worrying over it, Rimirin! Just eat 'em all!


39:30024 [Event Hall]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Eve Wakamiya)

Saya: Your outfit is really pretty, Eve! Not surprising for a model like you!
Eve: Thank you very much! Saya-san, you are looking absolutely splendid, yourself!
Saya: Thanks. Being complimented so openly is kind of embarrassing~.
Eve: Fufu. ... Ah! Why, I do believe our outfits are very similar!
Saya: Oh hey, how about that. We both came dressed as witches.
Eve: Yay, I'm so happy to be matching Saya-san!


40:30025 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

Kanon: I was wondering if I couldn't spruce up my house with more of a Halloween mood, so I bought an aroma candle shaped like a jack-o'-lantern.
Chisato: Oh my, how lovely. Having even one in a room would do wonders for changing the atmosphere.
Kanon: Mhm. It has got me wanting to try out some other kinds.
Chisato: Perhaps I should do the same. Kanon, would it be alright for us to stop by the general store later?
Kanon: Sure, of course. I hope they have something nice.


41:30026 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

Kaoru: Ah, Misaki, you are postively radiant with your glimmering gold color. Are you dressed as the sun?
Misaki: I'm a pumpkin. Putting that aside... Kaoru-san, what's with the huge pile of snacks you're holding?
Kaoru: Fufu... I am glad you asked, Misaki.
Kaoru: I received many gifts from the little kittens who I happened across. It would be folly to deny them a fiery, passionate compensation, yes? And so, I am contemplating what to offer.
Misaki: This feels more like Valentine's Day than Halloween...


42:30027 [Event Hall]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta)

Himari: Ah! That's Kaoru-senpai over there...! Ohhh, she's s-so cool...!
Himari: Does my face look alright? Where's a mirror when you need one!
Kaoru: My, if it isn't Himari-chan.
Himari: Wh-! K-Kaoru-senpai, h-hello.
Kaoru: What ever is the matter? Your cheeks seem to be dyed red.
Himari: W-wai-! N-no, it's-! Y-you've got it all wrong~!


43:30028 [Event Hall]

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Ah! Lisa-nee, look, look! It's glowing~!
Lisa: A jack'-o-lantern! How nice~♪
Ako: So awesome! Even the floor is all lit up~!
Lisa: You're right, it's like a Halloween party up in here☆ Ako, aren't you really into this kind of atmosphere?
Ako: Yeah! It's all like, tremble before the power of darkness!
Lisa: Hahaha. Okay, let's keep this fun train rolling~♪


44:30029 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Oh, Kaoru. Fancy meeting you here.
Kaoru: What a surprising development...! Chisato, you have finally become the adorable kitten you were meant to be!
Chisato: I honestly have no clue what you mean by that, but I'm supposed to be every witch's faithful black cat. Are you dressed as a phantom thief?
Kaoru: Fufu, for a thief such as myself to have her heart stolen by this succulent kitten... Ahhh, how fleeting...!
Chisato: Sigh... I wonder why I had to bump into you now, of all times.


45:30030 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Yukina Minato)

Kasumi: Yukina-senpai, your costume is so cute!
Yukina: Hm, I wonder.  If so, that would be nice, but... Toyama-san, yours looks quite good on you.
Kasumi: Hehe, thank you very much! Halloween is already really fun, but dressing up makes it even better♪
Yukina: I'm... still not used to this manner of attire...
Kasumi: Ah! Wouldn't it be way awesome to have some sort of costumed Halloween concert...?!
Yukina: A concert in costumes...? If we were to do one, I'd prefer to choose a slightly different ensemble.


46:30031 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Kokoro-chan, you seem like the type to be thrilled to see a ghost!
Kokoro: You bet, I would love to meet one! Putting on a concert with my ghoulish friends would be the absolute best!
Hina: Haha, that does sound like something you'd do! But do you think ghosts can hold instruments? Maybe it'd phase through them?
Kokoro: In that case, we can just sing together! I wonder where ghosts usually are, anyway? I can never find any. Hina, if you happen to see some, let me know!
Hina: Will do! I'll let any and all spirits know that Kokoro-chan is expecting them!


47:30032 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato)

Maya: The pizzaz and the flashy atmosphere of Halloween are fun and all, but there are some pretty creepy origins involved with the holiday, if one digs deep enough.
Aya: Creepy origins? Like what?
Maya: The story behind the jack-'o-lantern, for example. Legend goes that...
Aya: Y-yeah...?
Maya: It's used by a spectre who, unable to rest in peace, wanders the night aimlessly as-
Aya: Ahhh! Maya-chan, stop right there! T-today is a day for h-happy thoughts!


48:30033 [Event Hall]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Misaki Okusawa)

Tomoe: Ah, looks like Misaki's here, too. Hahaha, you look good as a pumpkin~!
Misaki: Hello~. I thought it'd be nice to wear something for Halloween. As if I'm not always wearing a costume, but still.
Tomoe: I see that you're here today as Misaki, not Michelle.
Misaki: Yeah, going out for an evening of casual fun as Michelle would be a bit...
Tomoe: Haha, I can understand that. Having Michelle show up in her own outfit would make the little ones really happy, though.
Misaki: Hahaha. As much as I would enjoy that, I'll stick to being a human for today.


49:30034 [Event Hall]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

Himari: Somehow, no matter what Kaoru-senpai wears, she's just always so cool...
Rimi: I wonder what Kaoru-san will be dressed up as for Halloween this year.
Himari: I've been dying to ask her to take a picture with me, but I get so nervous and completely clam up~!
Rimi: It's hard to deny how wonderful she is... She'd look really amazing in the phantom thief costume that I saw earlier...
Himari & Rimi: Sigh~... Sigh~...


50:30035 [Event Hall]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Aya-san, Aya-san!  I thought it would be nice to share some Halloween-themed snacks together with everyone, so I brought some along!
Aya: Wow, thank you so much, Eve-chan! So, do you mean something like pumpkin pudding?
Eve: There's pumpkin dorayaki, pumpkin daifuku, pumpkin nerikiri, and pumpkin ohagi!
Aya: They're all Japanese sweets...?!
Eve: Each one looks equally cute and equally scrumptious!
Aya: Hahaha, that is so you, Eve-chan. Thanks, I can't wait to try some!


51:30036 [Event Hall]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba)

Moca: Saya~, the new Halloween items from the Yamabuki Bakery were incredible~.
Saya: You've already tried some for us? Thanks as always, Moca.
Moca: Ghost buns, bat buns. They were all so cute and yummy that I was in total bliss from the first bite to the last~.
Moca: Just staring at them was fun, and they were even better on the way down~. It'd be great if Halloween lasted forever~. And if there were, let's say, 100 types of buns for it~.
Saya: Hahaha, thank you. I think coming up with 100 new products would be a bit much, but I'll talk to my dad and see if we can't put out some new varieties.


52:30037 [Event Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: What are you looking at, Kokoro? That jack-o'-lantern?
Kokoro: Something really super fun definitely happened to the pumpkins here!
Ako: Huh? Why do you say that?
Kokoro: I mean, just look at all those happy faces!
Ako: Haha! Now that you mention it, there's nothing but smiles all around.


53:30038 [Event Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Yukina Minato)

Moca: Oh-ho? I thought I found a cute kitty, but it's only Minato-san.
Yukina: Aoba-san? I see that you've also come.
Moca: For you yourself to turn into a cat, you really are a paragon of feline fondness~.
Yukina: I-it's not like I dressed up this way just because I love cats. Cats hold no special place in my heart whatsoever. It's merely a coincidence.
Moca: Fufufu~. Sure, we'll go with that~.


54:30039 [Event Hall]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Because it is Halloween, I am considering cooking some pumpkin dishes! Do you think stewed pumpkin would be good?
Himari: I think it's a delicious choice! Soft, warm and sweet! The perfect fall taste!
Eve: Oh, yes! This is the season where pumpkins and sweet potatoes are at their most delicious! Oh, let us not forget about the wonderful chestnut rice.
Himari: I love the stuff~! The seasonal fish dishes are also very tasty. Autumn really is the best season for eating!
Himari: ... Hm? I feel like we're sort of drifting away from the topic of Halloween...


