1:10445 [Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

Chisato: Happy birthday, Kanon. Here's your present. As always, thank you for everything.
Kanon: Thanks, Chisato-chan. Wow, it's a jellyfish aquarium!
Chisato: Do you like it?
Kanon: Of course! Hehe, actually, everyone in Hello, Happy World! also banded together to get me something jellyfish-themed, too. And it was huge! I was so surprised.
Chisato: Fufu, that sounds like quite the interesting story. How about you tell me all about it over tea?


2:10448 [Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Eve Wakamiya)

Tae: Happy Birthday, Eve. Here, this is for you. I hope you like it.
Eve: Wow! What a cute rabbit accessory! It has a very stalwart look to it!
Tae: Really? I'm glad to hear it. I actually tried to make it like you, Eve.
Eve: Goodness! I had no idea! I must strive to obtain as splendid of a bushido spirit as this little rabbit!


3:10605 [Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

Arisa: Rinko-senpai, Happy Birthday. Here, it's a present for you.
Rinko: Thank you very much... Is this hand cream...?
Arisa: Yes, you handle a lot of paperwork, right? So I thought something like this might be nice...
Rinko: Fufu... Thank you for your concern... I will make good use of it...


4:10612 [Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: Happy Birthday, Maruyama-san. I have a present for you. Do you mind accepting it?
Aya: Sayo-chan, thanks~! Wow, look at all these books! Are they novels?
Sayo: It may not be entirely accurate to call them novels. They are famous Japanese classics that have been updated with modernized translations.
Sayo: I thought you might be interested in them, and this also seemed like a good chance to thank you for helping with the One Hundred Poems event.
Aya: They sound like books that even I can enjoy! I'll tell you what I think when I finish, okay?


5:20068 [Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Rinko Shirokane)

Rinko: Happy birthday... Matsubara-san... Shirasagi-san and I... chose a present for you...
Chisato: I think you'll like it.
Kanon: Chisato-chan, Rinko-chan, thank you! I'll open it...! Oh wow~! It's a jellyfish ornament~!
Kanon: Based on its shape... I'm guessing it's a moon jellyfish. The texture of the bell is so real~. This is really nice~. And the way it looks light and floaty is just adorable~.
Chisato: Fufu, it's not just an ornament. It lights up!
Rinko: Please... turn on... the light... There are apparently... seven colors...
Kanon: Huh?! Really? I'll turn it on! Wow~, it's so pretty~!
Chisato: It looks like the jellyfish at the aquarium. When you turn the light on in the dark, it should feel like you're inside the fish tank together.
Kanon: Fufu, this is so relaxing. I'll put it by my bed and look at it every night before I go to sleep.
Rinko: I think... you'll have really nice dreams...
Kanon: Me too! I hope I dream of swimming with jellyfish.


