1:10784 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Okaaay~! I'm done with my ema plaque! So guys, what did you all write on yours?
Saya: In my case... Here. "I hope we can stay together forever." How about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Um, I wrote... "I hope we'll be able to make good songs." I drew a little tiger to go along with it.
Kasumi: Oh, it's so cute~! It is the year of the tiger, after all.
Arisa: So, what did you write, O-Tae?
Tae: Check it out. A rabbit.
Arisa: Poor tiger. Getting passed over during their own year...
Kasumi: It's not that bad, is it? I mean, they're both cute~! Well, what about you, Arisa?
Arisa: Me? I went with this... "Please let it be a safe and healthy year."
Saya: ... That's... kind of plain, don't you think?
Arisa: What do you mean? This is the sorta stuff you're supposed to write on ema...!
Kasumi: You just don't get it, Arisa~. Look at mine!
Arisa: ... What the? A picture of us performing?! How's anyone supposed to know what it means?!
Kasumi: It means, "I want to be able to keep playing lots and lots of shows together this year!" Hehe~, I hope it comes true~♪
Arisa: Seriously, at least write it down in words...


2:10785 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Wow~! Look at all the charms here~!
Tae: It's pretty fun just looking at them, don't you think? They're so colorful.
Kasumi: Whoa, isn't this yellow one so cute?! It's all shiny and sparkly!
Arisa: That's a talisman for good business, you know?! Don't just pick one based on design.
Saya: Then I guess I'll go with this one. I might as well get something cute, after all.
Tae: I'm getting this blue one! Says here it's for good grades, so I'm acing all my tests this year.
Arisa: You're putting way too much faith in these things... Make sure you study, alright?
Rimi: I picked this pink one.
Saya: Safe travel, huh? Fufu, we can all feel a bit safer if you bring it with you during our trips.
Kasumi: Okay, I've decided! I'm gonna go with this red one! It's got a little star in the middle!
Tae: What did you settle on, Arisa?
Arisa: Huh?! M-me, well...
Kasumi: Aw, c'mon, show us~! ... Oh, you picked the same one as me!
Rimi: It says it's for family well-being.
Saya: Fufu, I guess you two really do think alike, huh~?
Kasumi: Isn't that great, Arisa?! Ours match~! Well-being, well-being~♪
Arisa: Aaagh! Get off of me!


3:10786 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Ran: Well, we're done with the prayers and offers, so what's next?
Tomoe: I wanna draw omikuji! Especially since I'm usually the one givin' them out.
Tsugumi: It's so nice that you could come with us this year, Tomoe-chan. You're always busy working as a shrine maiden during New Year's.
Moca: Personally, I wanna hit up some of those stands after we're done with the omikuji~. You're hungry too, aren't you, Hii-chan?
Himari: W-well, I dunno~...
Ran: Huh? Himari, you feeling sick or something? You'd normally be way more excited to hear that...
Himari: N-no, it's not that... I just had a little too much for breakfast, so I'm not exactly hungry yet...
Tomoe: Yeah, it's real easy to stuff yourself on New Year's food and mochi.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I put two mochi in my red bean soup today.
Moca: Ran's place always goes super fancy with the New Year's food~. Last year there was a lobster that was, like, this big~.
Tomoe: That big?! That's about the size of your face!
Ran: You're exaggerating. It was half that size.
Moca: There've been all sorts of new New Year's foods popping up lately though, huh~? We had people coming to the convenience store all the time to make reservations.
Himari: ...
Tsugumi: Hm? Is everything okay, Himari-chan?
Himari: ... All this talk about New Year's food is making me hungry again.
Ran: ... And to think you were just saying you were still full.


4:10787 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: Oh yeah, did you guys watch any year-end TV specials yesterday? This prank where they made someone think they won the lottery had me laughing so hard it hurt~!
Tomoe: Aaah~, stop, stop! I recorded that but haven't watched it yet!
Tsugumi: All the shows you normally watch get put on hold for specials around New Year's, so it's hard to pick what to watch.
Moca: That comedy one they did in the morning was pretty good~. Watch anything, Ran?
Ran: Not really, not in the morning, anyway. We had lots of people coming over for year-end season's greetings, so I didn't really have time.
Himari: You always have lots of your dad's students dropping by, huh?
Ran: Yeah. Once all that's over is probably when I finally get a chance to relax.
Moca: Sounds like you'll be super busy straight from the start of the new year~, Ran. As for me, I've got big plans to binge-read some of the manga I've had my eye on~.
Tomoe: It'll probably be family board games again for me this year. Ako found a new one that looks pretty fun.
Tsugumi: My family's going to go on a trip while the café's closed for the holidays.
Himari: Really? A trip?! You're so lucky~!
Tsugumi: I'll make sure to buy souvenirs, so look forward to them!
Moca: Consider my hopes raised~, but make sure you also relax and get to enjoy doing what you want to do~.
Tomoe: One more thing to look forward to when we meet for practice next week! Alright, hope you're all ready to step on the gas again this year~.
Ran: Chill a little, will you? It's still New Year's... Let's just do things our way, the same as always.
Himari: Right! Okay, ready~? Hey, hey...
Himari: Hoh~! Really...? At least join in with me for New Year's~!


5:10788 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: Happy New Year... Wait, we already said that a bunch of times during work around the end of last year, didn't we?
Maya: Well, the shoots were for shows that were going to be aired around New Year's. Talking like the new year had already begun felt so weird because it was still the end of the year, though.
Hina: And our next shoot's gonna be for White Day, right? Even though it's not even Valentine's Day yet~.
Chisato: That is just how the entertainment industry works. Sometimes you even have to eat ice in the middle of winter to make sure your breath doesn't show when shooting summer scenes.
Eve: I have a shoot for spring clothing soon. I will make sure I do not catch anything due to the cold!
Maya: Hmm... I never really thought about how we end up experiencing seasons differently depending on the work involved.
Chisato: Yes, that is true for the seasons, as well as for how we experience time... This is just the kind of world we live in.
Aya: But that's exactly why we need to appreciate the actual seasons when we're not working!
Hina: Whoa~, Aya-chan! That's some good stuff you're starting the year off with! You're feelin' kinda different in a nice way this year!
Eve: Aya-san is right! A deep appreciation of the passing of seasons is what the Japanese spirit is all about!
Aya: So I was thinking...! With it being New Year's, how do you all feel about going out together for some red bean soup?
Hina: Ahaha! Never mind, you haven't changed~. But it is New Year's, so I suppose it can't be helped♪
Maya: Yes, it can't be helped!
Eve: Agreed! It cannot be helped!
Chisato: ... I suppose it cannot be helped.
Aya: Alright, then! To a red bean soup stand! Let's go~!


6:10789 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Hina: Hey, what did you all wish for when praying at the shrine?
Aya: Ehehe, well... I said I hope we get to keep having lots and lots of fun together this year!
Eve: Aya-san...!
Eve: ... Wait. I have heard that revealing your wish to others means it will no longer come true...
Aya: Oh no!
Hina: Ah, I think my sister told me that too. Uh... Something about speaking your wish meaning parting with it...
Aya: Wait, really? Then, does that mean my wish won't come true...?!
Chisato: ... Don't worry. I haven't told anyone my wish.
Maya: Hm? Chisato-san, does that mean you wished for the same thing Aya-san did...? And that's why she doesn't need to worry?
Chisato: You're free to imagine what you will. To speak your wish is to part with it, after all.
Hina: Then I'll imagine freely, Chisato-chan. I think you asked to have lots and looots of fun with us this year and for the rest of all time!
Chisato: N-now, hold on, Hina-chan! No one went that far...
Eve: I feel the same way, Chisato-san! This feeling is eternal!
Maya: Huhehe, the same goes for me, too, of course. Right, Aya-san?
Aya: ... Yeah!


7:10790 [Shrine]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Yawn~...
Yukina: That's quite the yawn, Ako.
Ako: I'm sorry, I was really busy with the NFO New Year's event~.
Rinko: Farming materials is pretty tough...
Sayo: It may have been better for us to have leveled more suitable classes before starting.
Lisa: Sounds like you three have been playing a lot of NFO ever since the year changed, huh~?
Sayo: I did play, yes, but I also made sure to do my first calligraphy of the year as well.
Ako: Really? You did?! Except for going to the shrine and playing NFO, all I think I've done is watch TV...
Lisa: Ahaha! Well, I'm more or less in the same boat~. There've been some really good music specials airing ever since the end of last year.
Rinko: Oh... I've also been watching a lot of music shows...
Rinko: I wanted to... study how musicians on TV... perform music... For research purposes...
Ako: That makes so much sense! I mean, we might end up getting similar work!
Sayo: I have yet to hear of work for us of that kind...
Yukina: Neither have I, but I do not think it's a bad idea to prepare in advance so that we can put on a good show in any situation.
Yukina: If it is something we can do, we should do it so that we can all climb to the summit together.
Ako, Rinko, Sayo & Lisa: Yes! Yeah!


8:10791 [Shrine]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Ah! Look, look! There's a kid over there flying a kite!
Rinko: Oh, you're right... They look like they're having fun...
Lisa: Kite flying, huh~? We did that in the park back when we were kids, Yukina. Remember?
Yukina: Now that you mention it... I do remember us flying a kite on New Year's, right around when we had just entered elementary school.
Ako: I flew kites, too, with my sister on New Year's when I was little! We also spun tops and played that game where you get blindfolded and try to put a face together using face parts!
Sayo: I remember doing the same with Hina. She was always good at everything we tried...
Ako: Ah! That reminds me! I found this really fun sugoroku board game! Do you all wanna give it a try?! I just know it'll be a blast!
Yukina: I am not sure high school students like us can "have a blast" playing sugoroku...
Ako: You will! I guarantee it!
Lisa: Ahaha, I know it comes with your guarantee, but... That said, if you're willing to go that far, then I guess I am a little curious.
Rinko: Me too... I want to play, Ako-chan.
Ako: I knew it~! I'll tell my mom you're all coming. Uh, phone, where's my phone...?
Lisa: It's still only New Year's, but Ako's already a pure bundle of energy, isn't she~?
Rinko: Fufu... I think she's just happy... that we're all going to play together...
Sayo: Well then, once we have finished praying, why don't we head over to Udagawa-san's house and try this board game?
Yukina: Agreed. You should know, however... Since I will be playing, I will play to win.


9:10792 [Shrine]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: Great, those three just went off on their own and disappeared on us again...
Kanon: Where did they go...? Kokoro-chan~, Hagumi-chan~, Kaoru-saaan~!
Kokoro: Misaki~! Kanon~! Over here~!
Misaki: Oh, there you are. Hey, Kokoro, if you're gonna go somewhere, at least let us kno-... What is that?
Kokoro: Takoyaki! We got them for free!
Kaoru: Truth be told, we happened across a little kitten who had become separated from their parents while within the shrine grounds.
Hagumi: After helping them find each other, we got these takoyaki as thanks. I'm so glad we helped that kid smile again!
Kanon: Fufu. Looks like you've all found a great smile to start the year off with.
Kaoru: We certainly could not let a tearful child be, of course.
Hagumi: Of course! It's a special, happy day, after all! It'd be such a waste to not smile!
Misaki: Well, I guess you've got a point there. I suppose it is a pretty Hello, Happy World! way to kick off the year.
Kanon: Besides, there's more to our band activities than music alone.
Hagumi: Yeah! For starters, let's bring smiles to everyone here at the shrine!
Kokoro: This'll be the Smile Patrol's first call to duty this year! Let's fill the whole shrine with big, bright smiles, everyone!
Kanon, Hagumi, Kaoru & Misaki: Yeah~!


10:10793 [Shrine]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Is something wrong, Kaoru-san? You're frowning.
Kaoru: Ah, no... This New Year's Day can only be experienced now, you see? I was simply pondering to see what things not yet accomplished still need to be taken care of.
Kokoro: That's wonderful! Let me help you think! Hmm, well...
Hagumi: Ah! Kaoru-kun, did you have one of our red 'n white croquettes?
Misaki: Red 'n white croquettes...? I can't even begin to imagine what that's supposed to taste like...
Kaoru: My thanks, Hagumi! Indeed, such an auspicious dish must surely be consumed.
Kanon: Maybe fukuwarai since it's New Year's. Trying to put a face together correctly while blindfolded makes other people smile, and that's pretty Hello, Happy World!, right?
Kaoru: A New Year's Day which brings smiles of all kinds together... My body trembles at the mere thought of such fleetingness.
Misaki: You could also buy a Daruma doll and draw in the eyes.
Kaoru: And yet another fleeting proposal manifests. I must draw the most princess-like of sparkling eyes for our little Daruma kitten.
Misaki: ... You might have the wrong idea about what a Daruma's supposed to be.
Kokoro: Oh, I've got it! Everyone! We haven't wished Nicolina a Happy New Year yet!
Hagumi: You're right! We've told everyone except Nico-rin!
Kanon: D-don't you think it'd be okay to just send her a New Year's greeting card?
Kokoro: New Year's will be over by the time it arrives! We're going to Happinelle right now!
Misaki: No, no, no, no, no, no way! Let's just video chat her, okay?! You'll still be able to see her face!


11:10794 [Shrine]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: Look, Shiro-chan! There are stands over there.
Mashiro: You're right. And they look really busy.
Toko: Oooh, I'm gettin' kinda fired up~! We've so gotta check them all out!
Rui: Candied apples, crepes, okonomiyaki... There are quite a few different foods being sold.
Tsukushi: It sure is packed, though... Make sure you all follow me closely so that we don't get separated!
Mashiro: O-okay. My phone's not getting reception here, so it'd be really bad if I got lost...
Nanami: ... ! Look at that takoyaki stand over there! It says mega spicy takoyaki...!
Tsukushi: W-wow... I've never seen ones that red.
Nanami: There's no way I'm not getting some~. I'll be right back~.
Tsukushi: Ah?! Nanami-chan, wait!
Toko: Shiro, Shiro! Isn't that yakisoba stand just asking to be checked out? It's giving off some crazy good smells!
Toko: We have to get ourselves a taste. C'mon, hurry up!
Mashiro: Toko-chan?! P-please don't pull me~...
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, Mashiro-chan, not you too...!
Rui: Futaba-san. I see a space to sit, so I will go over there and rest.
Rui: Please inform me once everyone is finished.
Tsukushi: I-I can't believe this~! All of you are just doing whatever you want~!


12:10795 [Shrine]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Toko: Hey, how about we go somewhere after we're done with the shrine stuff?
Nanami: I'm in, I'm in~! Any place in mind?
Tsukushi: Hold on, I'll look up and see if there are any nice shops around here.
Rui: I understand all of you are excited, but I am afraid I must pass.
Mashiro: Do you have other plans?
Rui: There is a phrase that has been on my mind that I wish to practice this afternoon.
Toko: What? That doesn't sound like something you have to do today.
Rui: The New Year's holiday is no excuse for putting off something that needs perfecting.
Nanami: Aw~. C'mon, Rui-rui, let's go~.
Tsukushi: Hey! How does this sound? It's a Japanese sweets shop! They're supposed to have special New Year's red bean soup with dumplings!
Nanami: Oh~, it even says there are extra red beans and dumplings too~.
Mashiro: Rui-san. There's still time before it's afternoon. What do you think...?
Toko: Why bother even asking? Let's just take her with. Hope you're ready for this, Rui~.
Rui: ... It seems that simply complying with your request will be more efficient than continual refusal.
Rui: However, I will not stay long.
Mashiro: Okay. Thanks, Rui-san.
Tsukushi: Alright, Japanese sweets shop it is! Now let's hurry up and go pray at the shrine!


13:10796 [Shrine]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

LAYER (Rei): Hey. Since we're here, want to draw some omikuji?
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, that's a great idea! I'd love to.
MASKING (Masuki): Haha, you seem more excited than usual, Rei.
LAYER (Rei): I'm just happy because I've always wanted to visit the shrine with you guys. So thanks, CHU².
CHU² (Chiyu): I-it's no big deal. I just figured this much would be fine, considering it's New Year's Day and all. Now hurry up and get your omikuji.
PAREO (Reona): Aww~, CHU²-sama, you should draw some with us~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Me? No way. The idea of an entire year being foretold on a tiny slip of paper is laughable.
MASKING (Masuki): C'mon, it's basically just a lucky charm of sorts. Give it a shot. It'll be fun.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. It might even give you a chance to reexamine your lifestyle for the new year. Oh, I got a "great blessing"...!
PAREO (Reona): Congratulations~! Hm, let's see... I got a "middle blessing"! How is yours, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): "Future blessing"...? What kind of luck is this even supposed to be?
LOCK (Rokka): U-um... It's kind of towards the lower end of the omikuji pool, you could say... B-but it's just a fortune in the end, so there's no need to take it too seriously!
CHU² (Chiyu): The lower end?! Ngggh... I'm drawing another one! I refuse to accept anything but the best!
MASKING (Masuki): Ahaha, that's the spirit! Alright, I'm in too!
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, you're what~?! I-I'm not so sure omikuji work that way exactly~.
LAYER (Rei): Haha. I like it though. It's just like us.
PAREO (Reona): Very much so! CHU²-sama, I'll try as well~! Let's all aim for "great blessings"♪


14:10797 [Shrine]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

MASKING (Masuki): Alright, done with the shrine visit. Now what?
LOCK (Rokka): What about buying something to eat from one of the stands? Candied apples, grilled squid, yakisoba, there's all kinds of food on sale here.
PAREO (Reona): So many, it's hard to choose~♪ CHU²-sama, what would you like?
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't care, just hurry up. Ugh, why are there so many people here...?
LAYER (Rei): Hm? Do you hear that? Sounds like taiko drums.
PAREO (Reona): You're right. Oh, there's a ceremonial taiko performance being dedicated over there. It also looks like it just started.
CHU² (Chiyu): Not exactly standard band music, but it's not bad.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. It's definitely got that traditional Japanese feel to it.
MASKING (Masuki): Man, hearin' the taiko is givin' me a real bad itch! How about we go hit the studio for some practice now?
LOCK (Rokka): What a great idea! I'd like that as well!
LAYER (Rei): Since I haven't performed yet this year, I guess it'll be my first strum of the year then... Haha, now I'm starting to get sort of excited.
PAREO (Reona): People do say New Year's Day sets the tone for the rest of the year, so it looks like this will be another year where we fully dedicate ourselves to music~♪
MASKING (Masuki): Looks like it's settled! C'mon, CHU², hurry up! Want a piggyback ride?
CHU² (Chiyu): No, thank you! Seriously, there's no need to rush. It's not like the studio's going anywhere.
LOCK (Rokka): Mmm~, I'm so excited~!


15:10909 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Hey, look! This charm is so cute~!
Rimi: Wow, the bell is shaped like a rabbit. Fufu, I think O-Tae-chan will like it.
Arisa: Yeah. Speaking of O-Tae, where'd she go?
Saya: She was here just a while ago...
Tae: Sorry for the wait, guys!
Arisa: Huh?! What's with all that rabbit merchandise?!
 (Saya): A rabbit ema plaque, a rabbit goshuin-cho... Whoa. They're all rabbit-themed.
Tae: Yeah, I didn't want any of them to feel lonely, so I bought everything.
Arisa: Even so, you bought too much...
Kasumi: You're probably super lucky if you have all that!
Tae: Yeah. I'm bursting with rabbit power. I'm a rabbit power spot.
Kasumi: Alright, I'll pray then! I hope we can perform a lot! I hope we can make lots of new songs!
Tae: Very well. Your wishes shall be granted.
Kasumi: Haha~!
Arisa: What're they even doing...?
Saya: Fufu. Maybe I'll pray too.
Tae: Oh... A new guitar phrase just came to mind.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~! Alright~! Let's hurry up and make a new song with that phrase~!
Rimi: Fufu. Kasumi-chan's wish immediately came true.


16:10910 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: Wow, it smells so good~! Hey, guys, what are you gonna eat?!
Rimi: Mini castellas, taiyaki, candy apples, and crepes... Ohh~. I can't decide~.
Arisa: The food sold in stalls on New Year's looks really tasty...
Kasumi: Alright~, I'll get a candy apple! How about you, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: I'll have a crep- Oh, but I want some mini castellas too...
Saya: I know, right~? ... Whoa, those corn on the cobs look so good...!
Tae: It's New Year's, so don't hold back. Let's eat everything we wanna eat.
Kasumi: Yeah! It's a day of celebration, after all!
Arisa: You guys usually don't hold back anyway, though...
Saya: Ngh~, but if I buy too much, I might not finish eating it all...
Rimi: Oh, how about we buy the things we like and then share them?
Arisa: I see. We can enjoy eating different food that way.
Tae: You're amazing, Rimi!
Rimi: Ehehe... Let's buy them together then.
Poppin'Party: Yeah~!


17:10911 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Himari: Sigh~, I'm exhausted~! There were so many people at the mall because of the sale~.
Tsugumi: A crowd formed at the lucky bags section, right? I'm so glad we got enough for everyone~.
Ran: The ones we bought have clothes and hats in them, right?
Tomoe: Yeah. I can't wait to see what kind of clothes are inside. There ain't a lotta people here. Wanna open them up?
Moca: Sounds good~. I hope there's some good stuff~.
Himari: ... Whoa, look! This scarf is super cute~!
Moca: Ohh~. It's got rabbits and it's in a Nordic pattern~. Rabbits are this year's zodiac animal, so it might be a lucky item~.
Tsugumi: Oh, doesn't this sweater have the same pattern as your scarf, Himari-chan?
Himari: You're right! Yay~, I'm matching with Tsugu!
Tomoe: I've got gloves with that pattern in my lucky bag.
Ran: Me too... This knit beanie has the same pattern, right?
Himari: You guys too?! What a coincidence...! Moca, that must mean...!
Moca: Fu, fu, fu. Take a look at these socks~. They've got the same rabbit pattern~.
Tsugumi: Wow, we're all matching then!
Himari: I can't believe this happened~! We should totally visit the shrine while wearing these!
Ran: ... That'd be embarrassing. I don't really want to.
Himari: Huh~?! C'mon, Ran, it's just for a little bit~!


18:10912 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Ran-chan, is something on your mind?
Ran: No, it's not a big deal... It's just, writing the first calligraphy of the year will be at my place again...
Moca: That reminds me. Every year, your dad gathers his students and does that, huh~.
Ran: Yeah. He said it's a good opportunity to think about what our goals are for the year. But I still haven't decided what to write...
Tomoe: Ohh. So that's why you looked so serious. Let's all think about it too.
Himari: Hmm~. Our goal for this year, huh~? ... For me, I think it's to play the best show ever~!
Himari: A legendary show that only Afterglow can do! That's my goal this year!
Moca: Then I think my goal will be melon buns~. You can't go wrong with bread~.
Tomoe: In one word, mine would be a loud, "Soi-ya!"
Himari: Hey~, be serious, you guys~!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I wonder what I would write.
Tsugumi: I have a lot of goals... but it has to be this one. "Win the GBT!"
Moca: Whoa~, impressive as always, Tsugu~. You're being Tsugurific from New Year's already~.
Tomoe: Yeah, we gotta learn a thing or two from you!
Himari: The reaction she got is totally different from mine!
Ran: Fufu, I see... Thanks, everyone. I guess I was overthinking it because it's New Year's.
Ran: Just be the same as always... Mhm. I think I've decided what to write.
Himari: Really?! What is it? Tell us!
Ran: It's a secret. I'll tell you next time if I feel like it.
Tsugumi: What?! I wanna know, Ran-chan!
Tomoe: Haha! Knowing Ran, she'll probably slowly tell us over the year, huh?
Moca: Mhm. Can't wait~.


19:10913 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: Ohh~, it's so cold~! I wanna go back to the studio~!
Chisato: Fufu. Oh, Aya-chan. You were looking forward to visiting the shrine after the photo shoot, weren't you?
Aya: S-still~...
Maya: Ahaha, it was warm during our magazine photo shoot, so it suddenly feels colder in comparison.
Eve: In that case, how about playing traditional Japanese badminton together? When you are cold, moving your body will warm you up!
Hina: Good idea~♪ Let's do it after visiting the shrine~! Oh, we've gotta buy the things we need to play it with!
Eve: Hina-san, do not worry! I have a set right here!
Aya: Oh, hagoita paddles~! It's got a drawing of Mt. Fuji and eggplants on it!
Maya: This one has a drawing of a hawk. They're all signs of good luck!
Chisato: And I was wondering why your bag looked so bulky, Eve-chan...
Hina: Way to go, Eve-chan~! I'll give you one hundred points right from the new year!
Eve: Thank you very much! A-also... I have brought ink as well!
Chisato: Ink...?
Eve: The person who loses will have their face drawn on with ink! I heard this is a practice done by traditional Japanese girls!
Hina: Ahaha~! That's our Eve-chan! Always prepared~♪ I'll give you 120 points instead!
Maya: I-I can't afford to lose...
Hina: I'll make your faces all messy~♪ Aya-chan, brace yourself~!
Aya: H-Hina-chan, don't go overboard, okay...? I beg you~~!


20:10914 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

Hina: Hey, hey, wanna eat something from the food stalls after visiting the shrine?
Eve: What an excellent idea! There has been an amazing smell wafting in the air, so I was curious as well!
Maya: There's takoyaki and yakisoba... and candied fruits over there, too.
Hina: Oh, I found some long fries! I'll get an extra large♪ And who can forget okonomiyaki and chocolate-covered bananas~?
Chisato: Goodness... Hina-chan? We have a photo shoot tomorrow too, so it's not good to overeat.
Hina: What~? It'll be fine! Right, Aya-chan?
Aya: ...
Chisato: A-Aya-chan...? You're raising your hands to the sky... What are you doing?
Aya: Huh? U-umm... The other day, I saw on TV that shrines are power spots...
Aya: So I thought I could gather power this way...
Maya: Gather power...?
Aya: Mhm. And then maybe... I can become a wonderful idol that'll make even more people happy...
Maya: Aya-san... Yeah, I know you'll be one!
Eve: Aya-san, please let me join you in your endeavor! Everyone, join in as well!
Hina: Nice~! Let's go for it! C'mon! Chisato-chan and Maya-chan, too!
Chisato: My goodness...
Chisato: Fufu... This year will be a lively one too.


21:10915 [Shrine]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: It really is packed~. I didn't think it'd be this tiring just to visit the shrine.
Sayo: Yes. The shrine does get crowded on New Year's. So, what should we do after this?
Ako: I wanna look around the food stalls! There's gonna be grilled squid and candy apples... Rin-rin, what do you wanna eat~?
Rinko: I think I want... something sweet...
Lisa: Then, after we look at the stalls, do you guys wanna come over? I actually made zenzai this morning~.
Yukina: That reminds me. You mentioned it on the way to the shrine, too.
Ako: Whoa~! I wanna eat Lisa-nee's zenzai so bad!
Sayo: Won't we be a bother if we go to your house suddenly?
Lisa: No worries☆ It just so happens that my family's out.
Rinko: Then we will accept your offer... Thank you so much...
Ako: Yay~! I'll keep asking for seconds♪
Lisa: I prepared a lot, so eat up~☆
Yukina: It has been a while since we all gathered at Lisa's house.
Sayo: Fufu. I have a feeling this year will be lively too.
Rinko: Yes, I feel the same...


22:10916 [Shrine]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Ako: Rin-rin, did you get my New Year's card?
Rinko: ... It had a drawing of a rabbit monster... from NFO on it... It looked so similar...
Ako: Yay~! I worked super-duper hard on that drawing~!
Lisa: It was totally cute☆ New Year's cards are so interesting 'cause they tell you a lot about a person~.
Yukina: You have a point. Everyone's personalities showed through their cards.
Sayo: By the way... I received one from Harumi-san as well.
Lisa: I got hers too! It said, "Keep pushing through the nationwide tour until the end."
Lisa: There was also a message thanking me for always giving her tasty cookies. I was so happy☆
Ako: Oh, oh~! On mine, she wrote that she'd always feel better whenever I greeted her~.
Yukina: ... It seems we all had different messages attached.
Rinko: Even though she's busy with work... she still thought about us... and took the time... to write New Year's cards...
Lisa: I'm so grateful~. Harumi-san really is a good person!
Sayo: I agree... Oh? It's getting crowded. We should move along soon.
Ako: I wanna draw an omikuji!
Yukina: Is the shrine office... in that direction?
Rinko: Well then... Let's go...


23:10917 [Shrine]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: It's so much fun on New Year's, right?!
Hagumi: Our store and the downtown area have New Year's decorations up, and you can hear a special kind of music everywhere!
Misaki: I get that it's different from the usual... but for me, I think I feel more relaxed than excited.
Kanon: Fufu, I'm the same way too, Misaki-chan.
Kanon: Time flies by so fast when you're watching New Year's shows while sitting under a kotatsu.
Kaoru: As Shakespeare once said, "Mandarins and kotatsu are features of New Year's." It is... but that.
Kokoro: Spending New Year's that way sounds fun too! I wanna try that!
Misaki: You wanna try that...? Kokoro, what are you planning?
Kokoro: We'll prepare a kotatsu and everyone can sit under it! Then we can eat mandarins and relax!
Hagumi: I wanna do that too! A relaxing New Year's sounds fun too!
Kaoru: Conversing with friends whilst being under a kotatsu. A relaxing moment shared... How fleeting...
Kokoro: It's decided! Let's go to my place and sit under the kotatsu together!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah~!
Kanon: I have a feeling it'll be lively around the kotatsu.
Misaki: Yeah. There's no way we're gonna relax.


24:10918 [Shrine]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Hey, what are everyone's goals for this year?
Misaki: What's gotten into you, Kokoro? That was so sudden.
Kokoro: The other day, I heard there's a saying that your plan for the rest of the year should be decided on New Year's!
Kokoro: When I heard that, I thought it was wonderful. And so, I want to know everyone's goals!
Misaki: Oh, that explains it. I can't answer on the spot, though...
Hagumi: I wanna do something fun with everyone! Last year was fun, but I want it to be super-duper fun!
Kaoru: As for my goal, well... I wish to make more little kittens happy, I suppose.
Kokoro: Oh, my! The two of you have such wonderful goals!
Kanon: F-for me... I want to challenge myself to do all kinds of things and work hard in everything I do.
Kanon: Thanks to you guys, I got to try new things last year.
Hagumi: I know you can do it, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kaoru: Yes, I can guarantee it as well. Knowing you, you will surely accomplish that goal.
Kanon: Fufu, thanks. Did you decide on your goal, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: Yes, I've already decided on mine! I wanna make the whole world smile even more!
Kokoro: To do that, we've gotta move quickly! The Hello, Happy World! New Year's meeting is starting!
Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah~!
Misaki: Sheesh. They're so energetic from the beginning of the year.
Misaki: ... My goal is to not get left behind by those passionate guys, I guess.


25:10919 [Shrine]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Tsukushi: Where's the end of the line to visit the shrine...? Oh, it's here. Phew~, we finally got in line.
Mashiro: The line is so long... It might take a while until it's our turn.
Toko: Seriously~? I wanna get it done quickly and look at all the stalls~.
Nanami: Uhh~, the drawstring bag should be around here...
Rui: Hiromachi-san, what are you looking for?
Nanami: There's something I wanna give you guys~... Oh, found it!
Mashiro: Wow, a rabbit figure. It's so small and cute~.
Rui: They're carved wood sculptures. We received some from Hiromachi-san's father before...
Nanami: He made them again. This time they're palm-sized and zodiac-themed.
Toko: Whoa~, they'll totally bring good fortune!
Toko: Your dad really likes sculptures, huh? There's loads more of those in the atelier.
Tsukushi: There were New Year's decorations and kagami mochi on the desk, right?
Mashiro: Yeah. There was even a wooden New Year's pine decoration in front of the house. I was shocked.
Nanami: My dad likes to make that sort of stuff for seasonal events...
Tsukushi: Fufu. Anyway, thanks, Nanami-chan! We have to thank your father next time too.
Toko: Then let's invite him to our show! A thanks-for-the-wooden-sculptures show!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, that's a great idea!
Nanami: Y-you guys don't have to do that~.
Rui: The line is moving, everyone. You will disturb other people. Come on.
Mashiro: Oh, Rui-san, wait~.


26:10920 [Shrine]

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

Nanami: It's so crowded~. We've gotta be careful not to get lost.
Toko: Shiro~, watch out~. If you get lost here, we probably won't see you anymo- Wait, huh? Where is she?
Rui: ... She disappeared without us realizing.
Tsukushi: Huh?! Already...?!
Mashiro: Y-you guys~, wait~.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan! Thank goodness~... We were so worried you got separated from us, you know?
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry. I'm not used to walking in a furisode kimono...
Nanami: I know what you mean. It feels different, right? You worry about the bottom of the kimono and end up moving awkwardly.
Nanami: On the other hand, you can tell Toko-chan's family runs a kimono shop. She walks so smoothly.
Rui: You're right. Kirigaya-san carries herself very elegantly.
Tsukushi: ...! Rui-san complimented Toko-chan...?!
Rui: I didn't mean for it to be a compliment. I was merely stating the truth.
Toko: What gives, Rui~?! Are you finally admitting I'm a genius~?!
Rui: ...? I did not say such a thing.
Toko: You don't have to hide it! I see, I see~. Mhm!
Nanami: Ahaha, Toko-chan is super happy~.
Mashiro: Yeah... Her smile is so radiant.
Toko: Alright, I've got it! If you guys really wanna know, then I'll give you some tips!
Toko: Look carefully, okay~? This is how to walk when you're wearing a furisode kimono...!
Tsukushi: Wait, Toko-chan?! You'll get separated if you go ahead of us!
Mashiro: S-so fast... I can't see her anymore.
Rui: ... Let's go after her.


27:10921 [Shrine]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... I'm exhausted... Why are there so many people this early in the morning...?
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, please let me know at any time if you are struggling. I will gladly carry you as soon as possible!
MASKING (Masuki): Aren't you way too tired?
CHU² (Chiyu): Shut up... I can't believe we ended up practicing before visiting the shrine.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. I was really surprised, though. There was no practice today, but we all gathered at the studio.
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. We all thought of the same thing. I was so happy.
MASKING (Masuki): Since the new year's comin', I wanted to give it my all this year too. And it suddenly made me wanna play the drums~.
LOCK (Rokka): Me too! I couldn't hold myself back from playing.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... I swear, you're all such idiots.
LAYER (Rei): You say that, but you were writing a new song before we even arrived, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Agh. W-well...
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, you said it before, didn't you? That to go all out from the beginning of the year, you must finish writing a new song.
PAREO (Reona): That determined face... My heart is throbbing just remembering it!
LAYER (Rei): Looks like you had the same idea, CHU².
MASKING (Masuki): Man, talkin' 'bout practicin' is makin' me wanna play the drums even more.
MASKING (Masuki): Let's practice again once we visit the shrine.
LOCK (Rokka): Sounds great! I was just thinking the same thing!
LAYER (Rei): You too? Same here, actually.
PAREO (Reona): Well then, let's quickly get in line! The end of the line seems to be over there!
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san, hurry up!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... We're all hopelessly obsessed with music, huh?


28:10922 [Shrine]

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

MASKING (Masuki): Ain't there even more people now?
LAYER (Rei): You're right. We have to be careful not to get separated.
LOCK (Rokka): I-if we get lost in this sea of people... i-it'll be terrible!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, let's hold hands! If we do so, we will not have to worry about getting separated.
PAREO (Reona): Go on. Please hold my hand!
CHU² (Chiyu): No, thank you. Even if that happens, we'll be fine as long as MASKING is here.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh? Why's that?
CHU² (Chiyu): Well, you stand out, don't you? Your voice is loud, so you're the ideal guide to find our way back.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha, that's true.
MASKING (Masuki): I mean, I make use of it in Galaxy Ramen, after all!
LOCK (Rokka): If I ever get lost, I'll definitely look for you, Masuki-san. Thank you so much in advance!
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, leave it to me! I'll call for you so you can hear me anywhere.
PAREO (Reona): We may rest assured! Well then, how about we head to the shrine office? Let us buy some charms!
LOCK (Rokka): That sounds great! I was just thinking of getting one!
LAYER (Rei): Let's go then. What kind of charm should I get~? Fufu.


29:30120 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome)

Kasumi: Rimi-rin, what did your fortune say?
Rimi: It had lots of great stuff written on it. What about yours?
Kasumi: Mine did too! Wait, so yours was a good fortune as well...? That means if we stick together, something twice as good might happen!
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, let's have ourselves another sparkling and heart-pounding year!
Rimi: Fufu. Mhm. I look forward to it, Kasumi-chan.


30:30121 [Shrine]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: You look amazing in that kimono, O-Tae. I figured you would.
Tae: Really? I don't know about that, but if you say so, it must be true. Thanks, Arisa.
Tae: Although, I think kimonos look really good on you too. Yup, very cute.
Arisa: D-don't call me cute! You're embarrassing me!
Tae: Fufu, Arisa, you're such a cutie~.
Arisa: I thought I told you to cut it out~!


31:30122 [Shrine]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

Saya: I never know what to spend my New Year's allowance on, so I always end up putting it in my savings.
Rimi: Yeah, seeing as how you get that money on such a special occasion, it feels like you should use it to buy something just as special.
Saya: Exactly! It's a great opportunity to do something fun... Hey, how does going on a trip with the rest of Poppin'Party sound?
Rimi: Wow... That sounds like so much fun!
Saya: You think so? Great! Why don't we ask everyone about it later?
Rimi: Sounds good! Fufu, now I'm excited.


32:30123 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara)

Himari: Ran~! Look at what this fortune says~!
Ran: "A year of endurance and nothing more." Wow. That's pretty rough. Good luck.
Himari: I thought it was talking about someone else... Sigh. Now that I've gotten all worked up, I'm getting hungry.
Ran: Same. Maybe I'll get yakisoba.
Ran: What are you gonna do? ... Oh, that's right. "A year of endurance and nothing more."
Himari: No~! I am absolutely, most definitely eating! Ugh, Ran~! You're so mean~!


33:30124 [Shrine]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

Moca: That's our Tomo-chin for you~. You always look so good in kimonos~.
Tomoe: Haha, thanks.  You look great too, Moca!
Moca: You think so~? Thank you, thank you~.
Moca: I really wanted a pattern with buns on it though~. I couldn't find one anywhere~.
Moca: Don't worry, I'll wear you next time~... My bun-filled kimono~.
Tomoe: I mean, it'd probably be faster to just make one yourself...


34:30125 [Shrine]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Tsugumi: Moca-chan, look at this picture! This is the mochi-style pancake set from our New Year's menu!
Moca: Oho~, is that red bean paste I see...?
Tsugumi: Yup! We serve it topped with red bean paste. A Japanese-style pancake.
Moca: Interesting~. It's perfect for New Year's. Good job, Tsugu~.
Tsugumi: Ehehe. If you want, you could stop by and give it a try.
Moca: Of course I will. One table for Moca-chan, please~.


35:30126 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

Aya: Eve-chan, that kimono you're wearing really suits you!
Aya: And your hair accessories and belt are so cute! Leave it to a model to look so good!
Eve: Thank you very much! You are looking great yourself.
Eve: I feel like you look more mature than usual. This is what it means to have a refined look, yes?!
Aya: Refined?! I-I don't know~. I'm not sure I'd say that, but... I look mature, huh? ... Ehehe♪


36:30127 [Shrine]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

Chisato: Maya-chan, what did you get on your fortune slip?
Maya: I just got fair luck. Not bad, but not good either... How about you?
Chisato: I got the same thing as you. Times like this really get me thinking... Playing it safe won't cut it in the idol industry.
Maya: That's true. That also makes it harder to figure out how to act on TV programs and other times like that.
Maya: Actually, didn't Aya-san pull a blank slip? Are we supposed to consider that lucky or what?
Chisato: Aya-chan... She would pull a blank fortune...


37:30128 [Shrine]

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa)

Hina: Aya-chan~! Thanks for the New Year's card! I didn't expect to get one from you. What a surprise!
Aya: Ah, so you got it! Thank goodness~. I sent them out really late this year, so I was worried it might not make it in time.
Hina: No worries there! I got it right away!  And~, here you go!
Hina: It's my New Year's card to you~. I figured it'd be faster to just give it to you, so I brought it along today.
Aya: Huh? Really?! Thank you~!
Aya: You're so good at art, so I'm sure it's super cute. Let me see...
Aya: Wow! This is amazing!! ... But... it's filled with drawings... I can't tell what any of these are supposed to be~!


38:30129 [Shrine]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: The key to a good year is a strong start. Wouldn't it be wise to re-establish what Roselia's goals are?
Yukina: What are you talking about, Sayo? Our goal is already set.
Yukina: We plan to stand at the top. That is all.
Sayo: So we just run toward our objective? I suppose there was no need to ask, then.
Yukina: Exactly. I look forward to working with you again this year.
Sayo: Yes, as do I.


39:30130 [Shrine]

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

Lisa: Wow! You look so good in a kimono, Ako! You're so cute~!
Ako: Ehehe~♪ Thanks, Lisa-nee!
Lisa: We should take a picture together later! By the way... Why didn't you wear a pair of bat wings?
Lisa: Just kidding~. I know you would never go that fa-
Ako: So you think having them would have been better too?! I knew it!
Ako: I really wanted to add wings, but my mom said no... Sigh, I knew I should have tried harder to convince her~.
Lisa: Ahaha... So you were going to wear them...


40:30131 [Shrine]

(Character: Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

Lisa: Rinko~! How'd it go? Did you get something good?
Rinko: Imai-san... Yes, I did really well.
Rinko: Last year, I only won the shield... but this year... I got the full set... Other than the limited-edition costume... I got lots of items too...
Lisa: Ah... I was talking about the shrine's fortune slips, not the game...
Lisa: Oh well, I guess it doesn't matter, as long as you had fun♪ Good for you, Rinko!


41:30132 [Shrine]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

Kokoro: Hey, Misaki! Fukuwarai is such a fun game! I want one that uses Michelle's face!
Misaki: What are you going on about now? You wanna use Michelle's face? But... you have to play blindfolded, so the eyes and stuff are gonna be all over the place. Her face will get messed up.
Kokoro: ...? Is there something wrong with that?
Kokoro: Even if her eyes are a little bit out of place, Michelle is still Michelle, right? She might look different, but she'll still be cute!
Misaki: Ahaha, you really love her, don't you?


42:30133 [Shrine]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa)

Hagumi: Wearing a kimono is exciting and all, but this belt is a little tight.
Hagumi: Now I get full even faster when I eat. And there's so many food stalls here too! No fair~!
Kaoru: Indeed. I agree whole-heartedly.
Kaoru: There are a plethora of delectable treats, especially during this time of year. Mochi, osechi, not to mention ozoni. We must find a way to resolve your dilemma at once!
Hagumi: You think so too, Kaoru-kun?! I wonder what we could do about it though... Maybe eating some cotton candy will help us think.
Kaoru: An excellent idea. If we put our minds to it, we're sure to find a solution!


43:30134 [Shrine]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Kanon: Fue~, what should I do?
Misaki: Kanon-san? Is everything alright?
Kanon: I'm sorry, Misaki-chan. I just read my fortune slip and it said, "The one you await will not come..."
Kanon: I'm supposed to be meeting up with Kokoro-chan and the others, but they might not get here because of me...!
Misaki: Huh?! Th-that's not good... Wait, hold on a second!
Misaki: They'll be fine, I don't think that's what "the one" means anyway! ... Uhm, Kanon-san, are you listening? Kanon-san~.
Kanon: Fueee~. What should I do~?


44:30135 [Shrine]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: It's New Year's! What should we do?
Kasumi: I know~! I want to wish everyone a happy New Year!
Kokoro: What a great idea! That will make everyone smile for sure! I want to wish everyone a happy New Year too!
Kokoro: Come on, Kasumi, let's get going!
Kasumi: You mean now? Okay! Here we go!
Kasumi: Hey, everybody! Happy...!
Kokoro: New Year~! Yay!


45:30136 [Shrine]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

Yukina: Mitake-san. Happy New Year.
Ran: Minato-san... Yeah, Happy New Year to you too.
Ran: And...
Yukina: And?
Ran: I hope we get to work together again this year.
Yukina: Yes. I do too.


46:30137 [Shrine]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Eve Wakamiya)

Eve: Look at this, Arisa-san. I wrote my first calligraphy of the year!
Arisa: Wow, seriously? Let me see.
Arisa: Love ... Wait, hold on, aren't you supposed to write something a bit more complex than that?!
Eve: But my teacher said I should choose a word or phrase I like. So I decided to write down my feelings for all my friends!
Eve: There's so much I want to express to you all, so I didn't know which one to pick... Should I have gone with "Thank you" instead?
Arisa: I-in that case, I don't see anything wrong with what you've got... With... "Love."
Eve: Thank you so much! I love you, Arisa-san! You're so kind.
Arisa: I-I am not! And don't say things like that to my face! It's embarrassing...!


47:30138 [Shrine]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Fufufu, behold! My true power! Ta-da~! My fortune slip says, "Excellent Luck"!
Hina: Too bad~. Mine says the same thing!
Ako: So then it's a tie, huh~? Aw~, I thought I was gonna win for sure.
Hina: Sounds like you got a little ahead of yourself. Besides, fortune slips aren't really a competition anyway.
Ako: What~?! But you're the one who said, "Let's see who gets the better fortune♪"
Hina: Ahaha, did I say that?
Ako: You did~! Grrr~!


48:30139 [Shrine]

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Oh my, Himari-chan. That kimono suits you marvelously.
Himari: K-Kaoru-senpai! Thank you so much! You look amazing in your kimono too!
Kaoru: Is that so? You flatter me. Thank you for your kind words.
Himari: Uhm, by the way... C-could we take a picture together?!
Kaoru: A picture? But of course, my dear.
Himari: Y-yay~! I'm so glad I asked! This year is going to be great...!


