1:30060 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

Kasumi: Wow, this Christmas tree is so sparkly! Just like the stars~!
Hagumi: You're right! It's so pretty~!
Kasumi: Hagu, look at all this food! Mmm~, it smells great♪
Hagumi: Cool~! I wonder if they have any croquettes.
Kasumi: I'm so glad everyone made it to the party♪ This is going to be so much fun!


2:30061 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara)

Kanon: Huh? Tae-chan, what are you looking at?
Tae: I just noticed that giant rabbit over there.
Kanon: What rabbit...?
Tae: The shiny one over there. Isn't it cute?
Kanon: Tae-chan... That's not a rabbit. It's a reindeer...


3:30062 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

Rimi: Did you bring a present for Kaoru-san?
Himari: I sure did. What about you?
Rimi: Yeah, but when I tried to give it to her, I got really nervous...
Himari: I totally understand~...! Kaoru-senpai's just so cool~!
Himari: Oh! Why don't we go give her our gifts together?
Rimi: Yeah, I should be alright if you're there with me...!
Himari: We've got this! Watch out, Kaoru-senpai, here we come... Hey, hey, hoh~!


4:30063 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Saya-chan, this is amazing~! It's like we're in a castle!
Saya: Yeah, it really is pretty. It's not often you get to go to a place like this, is it? It sure does get your heart racing.
Ako: I think I've seen something like this in a movie before!
Saya: That makes sense. I could see filming a big ballroom scene here.
Ako: ... Tonight, our extravagant ball with the queen of darkness will... uhm... bring lots and lots of people!
Saya: Ahaha. It sure will. Now's our chance to dig into some delicious food and catch up with everyone.


5:30064 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

Arisa: Merry Christmas, Okusawa-san.
Misaki: Ah, Ichigaya-san. Merry Christmas to you too.
Arisa: Here. I'm giving these out to everyone. It's just something small.
Misaki: A present? Wow, thanks... Wait, why are there two here?
Arisa: Ah, one is for you, and the other's for Michelle. Think of them as thank-you presents.
Misaki: Ahaha. Thanks. I'm sure she'll love it.


6:30065 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Yukina Minato)

Yukina: Oh, Mitake-san, so you're here as well.
Ran: Ah, Minato-san... Hey.  I didn't expect to see you here.
Yukina: I can see why. The old me would never have come to something like this. However, I wanted to know what kind of things everyone would be doing here.
Ran: I see... Ah, right. I haven't said it yet. Uhm... Merry Christmas.
Yukina: ... Merry Christmas.


7:30066 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba)

Saya: I brought a bunch of buns from our bakery. Dig in, everyone.
Moca: What did you just say~? Thank you, Saya, this is the best present ever~.
Saya: Fufu. We'll have some after cake, okay?
Moca: Hmm~... I think I'll have one as an appetizer first, then cake, and then I'll finish off the meal with more buns!
Saya: Ahaha. Well, as long as you're happy. Good thing I brought them.


8:30067 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Himari Uehara)

Himari: Merry Christmas, Arisa♪ Here's your present!
Arisa: Wow, you didn't have to get me anything. Thanks.
Himari: I just know you're going to love it!
Arisa: Really? Now I'm curious. Can I open it?
Himari: Go right ahead! When I saw this, I had to get it for you♪
Arisa: A bonsai postcard set! This is amazing! Thanks, Himari-chan.


9:30068 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

Kokoro: If it's snowing on Christmas, then it's called a "white Christmas," right?!
Tomoe: Yup, it sure is. It really puts you in the Christmas mood~!
Kokoro: Do you think we'll have any this year? Making a snowman together would be oodles of fun!
Kokoro: I've got it! We should beat the taiko drums to get it to snow!
Tomoe: Ahaha! If we played hard enough, I'm sure we'd get some.
Kokoro: Alright, I'll have them bring in some taiko drums right away!
Tomoe: Huh?! Uh, Kokoro?! A-are we really going to do this...?!


10:30069 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Tsugumi: I made a cake for all of us!
Eve: Wow, that looks delicious! I brought something as well! Cookies!
Tsugumi: Look at all the different shapes... Santa, bells, and snowmen. How adorable.
Eve: I'm just so glad I got to spend Christmas with all of you! Time with your friends is something we should treasure.
Tsugumi: Fufu, it sure is. The best gift you could get during the holidays.


11:30070 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Aya Maruyama)

Kasumi: Having a Christmas party with everyone is so much fun!
Aya: Yup! Would you say it's... sparkling and heart-pounding?
Kasumi: Absolutely! It's super sparkling and heart-pounding♪ Hey, why don't we all sing together?
Aya: Wow, that sounds like fun! It'll be like we're caroling!
Kasumi: Right?! Come on, let's go get everyone!


12:30071 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

Hina: This place is amazing! I've never seen such a big tree before!
Sayo: It certainly surpassed my expectations...
Hina: Check it out, Sis! Look at all this food and candy!
Sayo: Candy canes... How nostalgic.
Hina: We used to eat a bunch of them as kids, didn't we? Now that brings back memories~! Ah, hey, there's a reindeer over there! Come on!
Sayo: Ah, wait, Hina...! ... Sigh.


13:30072 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

Kaoru: Fufu... To think I'd be able to enjoy such a fleeting estate during this season of joy... Ah... How fleeting...!
Chisato: I'm not sure I'd call it fleeting, but I am happy we get to spend Christmas with everyone.
Kaoru: Ah, yes, I had almost forgotten. My present to you all.
Kaoru: It is a gift worthy of such a wondrous time of the year, a photobook of me. There has never been anything more fleeting than this... Please, take it!
Chisato: ... What was going through your head when you made this?


14:30073 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Maya Yamato, Rinko Shirokane)

Maya: You make such amazing costumes, Shirokane-san! It's always fun to see what you'll make next!
Rinko: Th-thank you... very much...
Maya: By the way, if you were going to make a Christmas costume, how would you design it?
Rinko: Well... I suppose I'd look at... the white snow, or... the lights... that decorate the Christmas trees...
Maya: I see~... All I can think of is Santa! I should have known your costumes come from that incredible imagination of yours...!
Rinko: N-no... It's nothing... that impressive...
Maya: Would it be alright if I asked for your help with the theater club again sometime? Ah, if not, I'd love to just ask  a few questions!
Rinko: ... Sure...! Although... I'm no expert...


15:30074 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Eve Wakamiya)

Rimi: Those people-shaped cookies you see around this time of year are so cute, aren't they?
Eve: Do you mean gingerbread men? I love those!
Rimi: They're so tasty. I would never have thought of adding ginger to cookies.
Eve: I suppose you're right! Adding ginger to a dish really gives it a good flavor though. What a wonderful spice.
Rimi: Ginger makes you feel all warm inside. I wonder if the same thing happens when you eat a gingerbread man...
Eve: We should find out! I'll make some for us next time!


16:30075 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Yukina Minato)

Moca: Ah~, if it isn't Minato-san. Are you trying to decide what to eat~?
Yukina: I am... Do you have any recommendations?
Moca: I sure do~. This bun here is sweet, but not overly so~. Oh, and this one, this one, and this one are all super tasty~.
Yukina: A-Aoba-san, I don't think I can eat all of this.
Moca: Really~? Well, that's no good~.  Why don't I eat some of this with you then?
Yukina: Y-yes... That would be very much appreciated...


17:30076 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

Sayo: Merry Christmas, Hazawa-san.  I'd like you to have this... I baked some cookies.
Tsugumi: Wow, thank you so much! ... Yum, these are delicious!
Sayo: I-is that so? That's good to hear.
Tsugumi: Hm? Who's that second bag for...?
Sayo: Well... I want to give them to Hina, but I haven't had the chance... I'm not sure I'll be able to before the party ends...
Tsugumi: I'm sure you will, Sayo-san! Hina-senpai will love them for sure.
Sayo: Thank you. Fufu. It's strange how convincing that sounds when it's coming from you.


18:30077 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Hey, Ran~. What were you and Yukina talking about before?
Ran: You saw that? It wasn't anything special. We just wished each other a Merry Christmas.
Lisa: ... Ahaha!
Ran: Huh? Wait, why are you laughing?!
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry, my bad. You two were just being so awkward. Is that really all you two said~?
Ran: I mean... It's not like I know what to talk about with her...
Lisa: You just have to learn to think on your feet! Come on, let's find Yukina and give it another go!


19:30078 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

Tomoe: ... Ah, would you look at the time. We should head home soon. Ako~, start saying goodbye to everyone~!
Ako: What~? Already?! I don't wanna leave yet~!
Tomoe: Mom and Dad are going to get mad if we're late, you know.
Ako: Then I'll call Mom and tell her! Please? Just a little longer!
Tomoe: Alright, I guess staying a little longer won't hurt. I'll call home to let them know. But we're leaving soon, got it?
Ako: Okay!  Thanks, Sis!


20:30079 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

Hina: Hey, Lisa-chi!  You've got to try these cookies! They're so good!
Lisa: Ahaha, really? Aw, shucks~. Actually, I'm the one who made those♪
Hina: What, really?! You could have told me they were from a bakery and I wouldn't have questioned it.
Lisa: That's good to hear! Sayo and I made them together. This time, we put-
Hina: My sister made cookies with you?! Which ones are hers?!
Lisa: They're not here. She wanted to give you her cookies in person... Wait, weren't you two just talking? Didn't she give them to you then?
Hina: Huh?! I haven't gotten any cookies yet! I better find my sister and ask for them right away!
Lisa: Ahaha, and there she goes... She really loves her sister.


21:30080 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Rinko Shirokane)

Kokoro: Oh, if it isn't Rinko! What are you up to?
Rinko: Ah, Tsurumaki-san... I was looking at the decorations on this tree...
Kokoro: So that's what you're doing! There are so many things on this tree, aren't there?! I like the red orb thingies!
Rinko: Th-those are... supposed to represent... apples...
Kokoro: I didn't know that! You're so smart! Tell me about the other decorations!
Rinko: O-okay... I'll tell you... everything I know...


22:30081 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

Kaoru: Ah, Christmas... Snow-filled streets, smiling faces, and laughter coming from every house... It's almost as fleeting as the day to celebrate my birth.
Maya: I don't really know what happens on your birthday, but I suppose a white Christmas is pretty fleeting.
Kaoru: ... Ah! Maya, I just had the most marvelous idea. My fleeting self, and this fleeting season... Why don't we combine the two and make the most fleeting stage performance ever?
Maya: A play set during Christmas, huh...? That could be interesting!
Maya: Costumes wouldn't be that hard to find either... Plus, I'm pretty sure we have something we could use for snow... I'll start looking for a script right away!
Kaoru: I knew you'd approve, Maya. Together we shall give my little kittens the most magnificent present of all!


23:30082 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa)

Hagumi: Whoa! The carrots in this cream stew are shaped like stars!
Tae: Ah, and this one's shaped like a pine tree.
Hagumi: Ehehe, it's like the stew is celebrating with us~!
Tae: Agreed. Ah, that reminds me, I saw a croquette shaped like a snowman before.
Hagumi: What?! Really?!
Tae: Yes, someone put two croquettes on top of each other and then drew a face on it... Now, if only they had rabbit croquettes.
Hagumi: Wow, now I really want to see it for myself! Where was it, O-Tae?!


24:30083 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi)

Kanon: Wow, look, Chisato-chan. There's so much cake here! Ah, and there are so many types of tea too. I don't know where to start. Which one are you going to have?
Chisato: Fufu, well, aren't you in a good mood today♪
Kanon: Ehehe, I suppose I got a little too excited there. Although, if I eat everything I want now, I won't have room for anything else later...
Chisato: Then why don't we pick out what we want to eat together and split it?
Kanon: Is that okay with you? Ehehe, thank you, Chisato-chan.


25:30084 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Aya Maruyama)

Aya: Isn't this party great, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yeah. When I first heard we were having it at Kokoro's place, I was a little worried about what kind of party this would be. Thank goodness it's normal.
Aya: Wait, this is normal? Kokoro-chan really is something else... If I didn't have everyone else here with me, I'm sure I'd be shaking like a leaf.
Misaki: So you get nervous at parties too? I always thought professional entertainers were used to big parties.
Aya: Hmm~... I'm sure someone like Chisato-chan is, but I like parties like this where I get to have fun with all my friends!
Aya: ... Ah, still, maybe learning to like extravagant parties would make me seem like more of an idol...
Misaki: Ahaha, I think you're fine just the way you are.


26:30085 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara)

Kokoro: This party is so much fun! I just wish Michelle could have been here.
Kanon: I do too, but Misaki-chan told us she's really busy.
Kokoro: What could she be doing that kept her from coming to our party though...? Ah! I know!
Kanon: Wh-what is it, Kokoro-chan?
Kokoro: I bet Michelle's helping Santa right now! That has to be it, right?!
Kokoro: In that case, next time we see Michelle, we should ask her to tell us all about Santa!
Kanon: Fufu, sounds good to me.


27:30086 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki)

Kasumi: Hey, Saya! Look, look! Aren't these buns amazing?!
Saya: Ahaha, what's going on, Kasumi? You sure are excited.
Kasumi: This bun looks just like Santa's face! And they've got ones shaped like reindeer and Christmas trees too!
Saya: Ahaha, I'm glad you like them. Those are from our bakery.
Kasumi: Huh? Really?! But they weren't for sale when I was there last time...
Saya: They're limited seasonal items. We'll have them out until next week, so feel free to stop by and grab a few.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm gonna buy a whole bunch!


28:30087 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa)

Tomoe: I figured this place would be insane, but I still didn't expect anything like this!
Moca: Really~? I guess I got distracted by all the tasty treats~.
Tomoe: Did you see all those buns over there? I know you love that stuff.
Moca: Fufufu~. I've already completed my investigation~. I promised I'd bring some home with me~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, classic Moca. You always have preferred food over anything else. No wonder you'd choose buns over a Christmas tree.
Moca: Oho~, I couldn't have said it better myself~.


29:30088 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

Hina: I'm so glad we finished early today! If not, we wouldn't have been able to come to this party!
Chisato: That's true. I'm happy we could all be here. However...
Hina: Hm? What's wrong, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Today's the day they broadcast the Christmas special we were in, correct? I'm just wondering how it's going...
Hina: Come on, forget about that! It's a recording, remember? You could watch it anytime you want. If you don't take full advantage of your time off, you're just wasting it!
Chisato: ... Fufu, I suppose you're right. It's important to relax when we can.


30:30089 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Mmm~, this one's tasty too~! I think I'll go grab another piece~.
Lisa: Hold it right there~. All you've been eating is cake. You need to have some salad too...
Ako: What~?! But this is a party, I should be able to eat all my favorite foods to my heart's content!
Lisa: I know how you feel, but~...
Ako: Come on, this tiramisu was really good! And this shortcake's cream was so fluffy and sweet. I could eat it all day!
Lisa: Argh~! Seeing you enjoy all this food makes me want to try some too! That does it! Today I'm eating whatever I want~!
Ako: That's the spirit! Time to dig in!


31:30090 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome)

Tae: This Christmas tree is huge, isn't it?
Rimi: It really is. And it's so pretty and bright... It must have taken a lot of work to decorate.
Tae: I wonder if it'd be hard to climb.
Rimi: Huh? O-Tae-chan, you're not going to climb it, are you...?
Tae: Not me. Rabbits. They like to climb up my arms, so I'm wondering if they'd enjoy tree-climbing too.
Rimi: Thank goodness~... I thought you might try it yourself.


32:30091 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: Tsurumaki-san was just saying how she wanted to have an even bigger tree.
Saya: Ahaha. That sounds like Kokoro.
Arisa: As soon as she said that, the people dressed in black started running around and talking...
Saya: You mean the people who serve her family, right?
Arisa: Yeah, I could have sworn I heard them say they were going to prepare a new tree right away.
Saya: Huh? Wait... So what happened after that?
Arisa: Tsurumaki-san said, "Well, we all got to decorate this tree together, so that makes this tree the very best!" Then all the suits got quiet again.
Saya: I-I see. They sound busy.


33:30092 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara)

Himari: This chicken is so juicy, and this pasta is scrumptious! No matter what I eat, it's all so good~!
Ran: How long have you been eating?
Himari: Ooo... Well, what am I supposed to do~...? This delicious food just keeps coming! But it's fine, I'm full, so I'm stopping right now!
Ran: Ah, looks like they brought out the desserts.
Himari: What?! Ah, they've got chocolate cake...! It looks so tasty~!
Ran: ... Wanna get some?
Himari: W-wait a minute, Ran! Let me think about it...!


34:30093 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

Moca: Tsugu~, I just thought of something~.
Tsugumi: What is it, Moca-chan?
Moca: It must be really hard on Santa to have to remember every single gift for every single child, right?
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, I suppose so. If you send him a letter I'm sure it's easier, but not everyone writes one.
Moca: Plus, if you wrote him a letter the day before, that's gotta be stressful for Santa~. That's why I think we should start decorating our trees with pieces of paper that say what we want on them.
Tsugumi: You mean... like Tanabata?
Moca: I think it's a great idea~. Now we just gotta get everyone on board~.


35:30094 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

Maya: The spices really add something to this tea, and it smells amazing!
Chisato: Agreed. They said it's called Christmas tea.
Maya: Christmas tea, huh...? Ah! I think I've read about this before! You add some spices and dried citrus peels to some tea, and you're done. I believe it's good for preventing colds as well.
Chisato: It certainly does warm you up... Right down to your very core.
Maya: Huhehe... Now that we're sitting here, everything that's happened over the year comes rushing back. Chisato-san, thanks for everything. I'm sure I'll be coming to you a lot next year too.
Chisato: Fufu. Maya-chan, it's a little early for New Year's formalities.


36:30095 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Eve Wakamiya)

Hina: I had no idea Kokoro-chan's house was so big~!
Eve: It's just like a European castle! It reminds me of the hotel we filmed at a while ago!
Hina: Hey, Eve-chan! Why don't we explore this place a little?
Eve: W-we can't do that! We might cause trouble for Kokoro-san if we wander around her house without permission.
Eve: What's more, large mansions like this almost always have secret traps designed to catch intruders! I saw it in a historical drama!
Hina: Secret traps?! That's sounds interesting! Come on, let's go!
Eve: Ah, Hina-san! We can't!


37:30096 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

Ako: Whoa, Kokoro's house is huge! Everyone's here, but it doesn't feel cramped at all!
Yukina: Indeed. I'd heard it was a large mansion, but this is beyond my expectations.
Ako: I was so surprised when you said you were coming to the party, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Well, I suppose it's because I've learned that interacting with the other bands can inspire changes in our own music.
Ako: I get it now...! I'll make sure to get lots and lots of inspiration from everyone around me and become the coolest drummer ever!
Yukina: I'm looking forward to it.


38:30097 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

Sayo: Shirokane-san, are you enjoying yourself?
Rinko: Y-yes... I used to be bad at... things like this... but now... I think they're fun...
Sayo: Same goes for me. I always thought events like this were a waste of time, but I have a different opinion these days.
Rinko: It sounds like... we're both changing... little by little...
Sayo: Yes, I'm sure that's what's happening.


39:30098 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

Kanon: Kaoru-san, have you seen Misaki-chan?
Kaoru: Misaki? I believe I saw her by the table where all the cakes are set up.
Kanon: Okay, I think that was... this way, right? Thank you, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: K-Kanon! Where exactly are you going?
Kanon: Huh? I'm headed to the cake table...
Kaoru: That, my dear, is the exact opposite direction of your destination. I suppose I have no choice. I shall accompany you.
Kanon: Ooo... Sorry, Kaoru-san. I can't believe I'm getting lost here of all places...
Kaoru: Worry not, my dear. It is my duty to escort my cute little kittens.


40:30099 [Tsurumaki Party Hall]

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

Hagumi: Ah, there you are! Here, Mii-kun, take this!
Misaki: This is the food from the table, right? Why did you put it in a bento box?
Hagumi: Michelle couldn't make it today, remember? I thought it'd be nice if she at least got to try all the food, so I went around and grabbed a little bit of everything!
Hagumi: You see Michelle the most out of all the other members, so could you please give it to her the next time you see her?
Misaki: Gotcha. Alright, I'll take it with me.
Hagumi: Ehehe, do you think Michelle will like it?
Misaki: Oh yeah, I'm sure she will.


