event246-02 Chapter 1: Stolen Dreams

Eve and Aya comfort the heartbroken Shino.The two of them are speechless with deep sadness

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[TV Station Corridor]

Eve: Just where could Shino-san have gone?...
Aya: She couldn't have gotten too far… The dressing room… There were a lot of other crying girls too.
Eve: Yes… Everyone else who didn't make it, looked really disappointed…
Aya: During the first round, I was so preoccupied with our own situation that I hadn't noticed at alll… Hmm? Over there, crouching in the corner of the corridor…!
Eve: Shino-san! Are you alright?
Shino: Eve-san… Aya-san. Why are you here…?
Aya: Sorry. We couldn't leave you alone, so we ran after you.
Aya: You see… I can understand how you feel, Shino-chan. When I was just a trainee, I always worked hard, but was never rewarded for it…
Aya: It's painful when you really give it your all, and yet your efforts aren't enough…
Shino: Uuuh..! We were really serious about this. We may not have much experience as idols, but we were betting it all on TIS! We tried so hard… so hard! It's all over…!
Shino: Our TIS… is over! Uwaaahhh!
Eve: Shino-san, please don't cry… It's not all over! There's always something else!
Eve: You may have lost TIS, but you can use this experience as motivation to do your best for next time…!
Aya: That's right! This isn't the end of it all. Your idol career still has a long way to go. Let's do our best, okay?
Shino: … Don't just say "next" so casually…
Eve & Aya: Huh…
Shino: Winning TIS and performing at Budokan was our new dream… But now, that dream has ended…!
Aya: …!
Film Staff: Ah, found you~! You're Shino-san of ViVidCanvas, right? Finally found you!
Eve: Why are all the staff here?
Film Staff: Alright, begin rolling the camera! ViVidCanvas has been eliminated from the competition. Please tell us how you feel at this moment!
Shino: I… I…
Eve: Excuse me! Sorry, but Shino-san isn't in the state to be talking right now… Could we do this later please?
Film Staff: We can't do that. It's a documentary, so of course we have to do it now. Besides, isn't it an idol's job to show the viewers what they want to see?
Eve: B- But! Shino-san is in pain right now… for this to be considered work…!
Nao: Alright Wakamiya, that's enough.
Aya: Nao-san! And the rest of ViVidCanvas!
Nao: Leave the rest to me. Please go home for today. I'll contact you all later about the follow up.
Eve: But…!
Nao: Enough. From here onwards it's the group's problem.
Aya: … Alright. Eve-chan, let's go. Nao-san, please take care of Shino-chan.
Eve: Uhm… Shino-san, please use this handkerchief. It hasn't been used at all so it should be clean.
Eve: Shino-san's performance today captured my heart. It was really, really good! Please… I hope you understand that…!
Shino: …......
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ten minutes later]

[Dressing room]

Hina: I see. So Nao-san is probably talking to Shino-chan right now…
Chisato: The rest of ViVidCanvas are there too, so we'll just have to leave the rest to Nao-san.
Eve: Yes…
Maya: I thought I understood, but actually seeing people crying after losing was a real shock…
Hina: If there are idols who win, then of course there would be those who lost. That's a given, so we should've known that.
Maya: Yes… For us to win, is to steal someone else's dream away from them.
Aya: Stealing someone's dream… That's not what we intended for.
Maya: Of course not! But that's the reality of this tournament…
Aya: The other idols here are every bit as serious about TIS as we are. Everyone is competing in this tournament with their own dreams and determination.
Eve: I… didn't really understand until this very moment.
Eve: No matter whether we won or lost, no matter how frustrating the result, it would become a lesson for the next… That's what I unconsciously thought. Maybe I was just thinking of it the same way as a kendo match.
Chisato: A lesson for the next… your thinking isn't wrong, Eve-chan.
Chisato: But it is still a shame for someone else's dream to come to an end, and a path to become closed off to them.
Aya & Eve & Maya & Hina: …...
Chisato: It may seem cruel, but there's nothing we can do about it. Where there's light, there's shadow… That is the nature of the entertainment industry. And more so…
Chisato: We here can't give up now. Right?
Aya: Yes. We can't stop here. I want everyone in Pastel✽Palettes to perform at Budokan.
Hina: Man, the entertainment industry really is a dog-eat-dog world. For there to be only one group who can perform at the Budokan.
Maya: All we can really do is to aim for victory, and keep trying our best.
Eve: Yes… that's true…
Hina: Even so, weren't Nao-san's words just a bit harsh? Saying something like "It may be best to just quit being an idol."
Chisato: … Yes. It may be true, but it would've been best to say nothing at that point in time.
Aya: Yeah. It didn't feel like something Nao-san would say…
Hina: Nao-san always says things that hit the nail on the head, but sometimes she comes across extremely cold.
Hina: Like yanno, that time she had that confrontation with Chisato-chan?
Aya: At that time… Nao-san's cold gaze gave me chills.
Maya: Just like back then huh… There really are a number of times I don't know what Nao-san is thinking…
Aya: But, but everything Nao-san has said were all for the sake of Pastel✽Palettes, right?
Aya: I'm sure it's the same this time with ViVidCanvas! I'm sure she had a reason behind it!
Maya: … That's true. Sorry, I came across very negatively.
Chisato: Well, it's about time we changed out and headed home. Good work today, everyone.
Hina: Ahhh~~~ I feel like putting on some aroma oils and getting a good night's sleep tonight.
Aya: Me too me too! I'm going to have a nice long soak in the bath, and sleep well tonight.
Eve: … …
Hina: Eve-chan, aren't you gonna change?
Eve: S- Sorry! Yes!
Chisato: … …
(Black cut)
(Background change)
