event246-01 Opening: Dream and Reality

Pastel＊Palettes await the second round results of TIS.  Then ViVidCanvas come to greet them.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Recording Day for Tokyo Idol Summit]

[TIS Recording Studio]

Eve: It's finally time…!
Aya: … Yes! The stage performances are over, so all we can do is wait for the results!
Hina: We were pretty boppin'♪ out there, so things are going well, don't you think? I'm getting hyped thinking about it!
Maya: The second round had quite a difficult task, but thanks to Nao-san's advice, we managed to make a high-quality song.
Chisato: Yes, it truly was a difficult lesson tougher than any we ever had before, but I do believe it was necessary for the task.
Nao: Now now, Yamato's observations from the backstage perspective were impressive as expected too. Changing Maruyama's position at that time was a great idea! Adding her into the staging team was definitely the right call!
Maya: No no, I was just expressing what I was curious about, is all.
Nao: And that's what's important!  Man, Yamato really is.. Yanno what I mean right, Shirasagi?
Chisato: Yes, Maya-chan truly is a reliable member of ours.
Maya: Fuheheh… I'm glad you think of me like that!
Chisato: …...
Chisato: (Ever since then… Nao-san seems to have returned to normal… Just what was that about?...)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Nao: Ahhh, how disappointing. You're disappointing, Shirasagi.
Chisato: … Nao-san?
Nao: Shirasagi, is that how you feel about being an idol? Putting your fans' feelings first? Are you saying that for real?
Nao: I see I see. So it's you, Shirasagi. You are the one holding us back the most.
Chisato: Na- Nao-san…
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: (The lessons in preparation for the second round were tough, but they were nothing compared to that time…)
Chisato: (I do think she's a talented producer. But… I really have no idea what she's thinking deep down inside…)
Chisato: (When will she decide that he's going to take out another member? And next time… it might very well just be me.)
Hina: ―-chan? Hey, Chisato-chan! What's the matter? You're spacing out.
Chisato: Sorry. It's nothing much, I think I'm just a bit tired.
Aya: Oh? Isn't that the members of ViVidCanvas over there? Heeeey!
Mio: Oh, Aya-san! And everyone else too!
Shino & Serina: Great work out there!
Eve: ViVidCanvas's performance was absolutely wonderful! I could feel your passion radiating from the stage!
Mio: Woah really? I'm glad!
Serina: Pastel✽Palettes's stage was also amazing as expected!
Hina: Thank you! I hope both ViVidCanvas and Pastel✽Palettes can win!
Maya: We're all part of the same agency, so let's strive together!
Shino: Yes… We will definitely win! We're not gonna let up, not even against our seniors…!
Mio: Hey, Shino! I'm sorry! This girl's just way too into it…! We'll make a move first.
Eve: Shi- Shino-san, she had a truly incredible spirit…
Maya: Yes… I was a bit overwhelmed by her pressure.
Nao: Ahaha, those girls are super serious~! They've doubled their lessons, maybe their passion for TIS might be greater than even Pastel✽Palettes?
Aya: We- We're just as serious about this!
Nao: Hmm yes, yes. Oh, looks like it's about to start.
TIS Staff: Everyone, sorry to have kept you waiting! We'll be starting soon, so please gather!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After the performance]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: We... did it!!!! We made it through the second round~!
Eve: We did it! It was the result of everyone working together in solidarity...!
Hina: It feels like we've really powered up! At this pace, maybe we'll even become the champions~?
Maya: Hehe, it does feel like that. Of course, we're still up against formidable opponents, but there's definitely a chance!
Aya: Yes yes, we should have that confidence in ourselves! Our goal is to perform at Budokan!
Chisato: Yes, very much so. Incidentally, where has Nao-san gone off to?
Shino: Uwaaaaaahhh!! Why… why….?!
Pastel＊Palettes: …...!
Nao: Good job, all three of you. You fought hard. I think you performed better than you ever had out there. … It's just that the competition is even stronger.
Shino: We worked so hard, so, so so so hard…! … For it to not have been enough! Ugh…! It was my dream for ViVidCanvas to make it to Budokan…!
Mio: Shino… don't cry… Sob…
Nao: … This is the harsh reality.
Nao: Working hard alone won't make your dreams come true. If it's effort, every other idol here is doing the same. It would be arrogant to think that you're the only ones working hard.
Nao: Only a handful of idols ever make it to Budokan. No matter how much effort they put in, no matter how much they sacrifice, they may not ever make it. That's how tough it is… that's the reality of it.
Shino: Uuh…
Nao: If hearing that harsh truth makes you lose confidence in continuing as an idol… It may be best to just quit being an idol.
Shino: I… I…!
Eve: Ah, Shino-san…! Where are you going, Shino-san?!
Aya: Hold on, Shino-san!
Maya: Na- Nao-san. You didn't have to say it like that…
Nao: … I'll be heading off. Sigh, young people really are fast on their feet.
Chisato: (Admist the fair evaluation and truthful advice, I can't help but feel something incredibly cold within her…)
Chisato: (It's almost as though she hates the very concept of idols themselves…)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
