event246-05 Chapter 4: A Certain Idol

Maya looks into something in the university cafeteria. Apparently Hina seems to be concerned about the same thing…

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The next day]

[Keiho Women’s University, Cafeteria]

Maya: Yeah, nothing comes up with these search terms either… Next up is… Yawn~
Hina: Wow, that's a big yawn!
Maya: Woah, Hina-san! When did you get here?
Hina: Just got here~♪  What's up, Maya-chan, not sleeping well?
Maya: Ahaha…. I couldn't really sleep last night, and ended up staying up late.
Hina: Wow, I fell asleep as soon as I got home. Yesterday's discussion was exhausting. Eve-chan and Chisato-chan got really into it huh?
Maya: Yeah… In the end, neither of them were willing to give in an inch.
Hina: In the end we simply split when it got late. I wonder how it'd be like by our next practice.
Maya: Yeah… I'm sure Eve-san is still feeling frustrated right now. And well, Chisato-san too of course.
Hina: That's gotta be true for everyone, don't ya think? Well I can just pretend to follow Nao-san's orders anytime~
Hina: But there's something about Nao-san's vibe that throws me off.
Maya: Hmm, what do you mean?
Hina: I've got no idea what she's thinking, but it feels like she's hiding something from us for sure.
Hina: Eh, I get that she doesn't want us to burn out the same way that idol she knew way back then did. But I wonder if that's really all she feels.
Maya: So you thought that too huh, Hina-san.
Hina: Oh, Maya-chan too?
Maya: Actually I got curious about that idol she mentioned too, so I was searching it up last night.
Maya: I thought that if I could find out who that idol was and what happened to her, having an objective view of what really happened might help us understand something.
Hina: And and? Did ya find anything?
Maya: No.. I searched as far back as Marmalade's earliest activities and looked into all the idols who were active at the same time, but didn't find anything similar…
Hina: Hmm, that's a bummer.
Maya: Internet articles disappear quickly, and social media posts aren't exactly reliable… I wish I had the magazines and printed articles from that time…
Hina: Yeah nah, you wouldn't really have kept magazines from that time... Well maybe a fan would've kept them somewhere properly...
Hina: Ah!
Maya: W- What's the matter Hina-san, shouting out like that?
Hina: Maybe we could find some there…
Maya: Huh?
Maya: Ah, sorry. It's from Aya-san. Hello? What's the matter, Aya-san?
Aya: Ma- Maya-chan! This is really bad! Eve-chan is really going to assault Nao-san!
Maya & Hina: Huuuuh!?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[5 minutes ago]

[In front of the station]

Aya: Sigh… I couldn't really focus in today's lecture… Wonder what everyone else is up to?
Aya: I guess we really have no choice but to try and talk it out again…! There's no way we can pass the third round like this! Huh?
Aya: Over there is… Heeey, Eve-chan!
Eve: Aya-san! Hello!
Aya: Where are you headed? Oh, is that a… letter?
Eve: Yes, this is a letter for Nao-san, containing all my feelings!
Aya: Huh, for Nao-san?
Eve: I'm going to the office right now to try and talk it through with Nao-san once more!
Eve: It's time for the assault on Nao-san!
Aya: Huh!?
Eve: I'm off now!
Aya: Eeeh!? Hold up, Eve-chan! Assault on Nao-san… really!?
Aya: W- What do I do~~!! First off, I better let everyone else know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
