event246-04 Chapter 3: Real Feelings and Public Stance

Nao returns to the office. The words of “those days” cross her mind…

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[10 minutes later]

[Agency Office]

Nao: Good work today~…
Staff: Huh? Nao-san, aren't you supposed to be in the middle of practice with Pastel✽Palettes?
Nao: Aah, there's a lot going on, so we cancelled today's lesson. They had a rough schedule up until the second round, so a break is good for them.
Staff: I see. But man, Pastel✽Palettes is really working hard~! If Nao-san is the one producing them, winning isn't a mere dream. I'm looking forward to it!
Nao: … Ahaha~ I'll do my best to live up to your expectations~
Staff: Ah, I have another meeting, so I'll be off now!
Nao: Right, good luck!
Nao: A dream, huh…
(White cut)
(Background change)
???: Amazing… Idols truly are amazing…!
???: … Hey, let's become legendary idols!
???: Let's become idols that are just that incredible. We can definitely do it. Especially if it's us! Then we could experience our sparkling dreams forever…
(White cut)
(Background change)
Nao: Dreams... Aren't as good as they seem. Those kids really are a danger…
Nao: I have to make them understand that.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Aya: Wow! All of the seasonal limited menu items look so delicious~!
Aya: Oh, I want to eat this strawberry and cream parfait! Hey Eve-chan, wanna share this?
Eve: Yes… I see…
Aya: Eve-chan… don't be so down. Have something sweet, and it'd cheer you up!
Hina: That only works for you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Jeez~ Hina-chan, you're mean! The parfaits here are really delicious!
Maya: Ahaha… setting parfaits aside… Eve-chan, you don't have to beat yourself up over it, okay?
Eve: No, please allow me to apologise…! I'm sorry… for causing today's practice to be cancelled…
Eve: The third round will be an even fiercer battle than any before, and the chances for practice sessions are already so rare…
Chisato: But I think we weren't in a good atmosphere for practice earlier. So let's get our feelings in order and prepare for the next one.
Maya: But Nao-san and we have such different opinions…
Aya: I understand that Nao-san said what she did out of concern for us but…
Eve: I understand that all too well myself. But even so, I want to shoulder ViVidCanvas' feelings.
Eve: I cannot simply ignore her feelings. Her desperate wish, entrusted to me in that voice trembling with frustration.
Chisato: Just a suggestion. I don't think Nao-san and we have to feel the same way.
Aya: Hmm? What do you mean?
Chisato: We can simply tell Nao-san that we understand, while carrying on the feelings of ViVidCanvas on our own without forgetting about it.
Eve: You mean to say, lie to her?
Chisato: Rather than calling it a lie, it would be more of just pretending.
Eve: I feel like doing that would be disrespectful to Nao-san.
Eve: Comrades should be united in one spirit! That, and also… I want Nao-san to understand these feelings…
Hina: I think I get what Chisato-chan is trying to say~
Hina: Different people have different thoughts, but as long as our goal is the same as the producer's, that's sufficient for the job.
Chisato: Yes, that's right.
Eve: But…
Chisato: Eve-chan… This might be a blunt way of putting it, but you have to "get along" with your producer. That's pretty much an unspoken rule in the entertainment industry.
Chisato: Even if there's some things you don't agree with, Nao-san is still our producer.
Chisato: Producers carry the authority of the agency… Or else just like that time with Aya-chan, they might just decide they need to remove a member again.
Aya: …Ah. You're... right…
Chisato: No one wants that to happen, right?
Chisato: No matter how much we're comrades fighting the same battle, that's still the difference in the position between us and our producer.
Chisato: Besides, it's only thanks to Nao-san's skill that we've made it this far. I think we should at least obey her on the surface.
Hina: …Well, can't help it. It ain't boppin' at all, but it might be best to leave it at that for now.
Maya: Yeah… Of course, we can't forget about ViVidCanvas, but… this is coming from someone who has a lot more experience about idols than we do.
Aya: I still have a feeling of unease about it… but I understand. I'm sure this is fine.
Chisato: Eve-chan, would this be alright?
Eve: I… I…
Eve: … I am still not convinced!!
Chisato & Aya & Hina & Maya: !!!
Eve: It's true that pretending to be convinced like Chisato-san says might be what's best for us. But… That's against the spirit of Bushido!
Eve: So I want to do my best! To make Nao-san, a comrade of Pastel✽Palettes, understand our true feelings!
Hina: … Pfft, hahaha! As expected of Eve-chan! Always sticking to your beliefs is Bushido alright!
Eve: Yes! Exactly that!
Hina: So, what's Chisato-chan going to say now? Now that Eve-chan's gotten all stubborn.
Chisato: Yes, I'm well aware of how difficult she can be.
Maya: But, just how are you going to make Nao-san understand?
Eve: Well, that's… Uhm… Oh! Maybe I'll write her a letter?
Eve: If we write it down properly in a letter and she reads it, I'm sure she'll understand how we feel!
Hina: Ahaha, that's a great idea! Operation: Assault Nao-san by Letter♪
Chisato: Sigh... Hina-chan, it's not the time to be messing around.
Chisato: Everyone, you don't have any work scheduled afterwards, right? Let's have a long and proper discussion about this.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
