event246-03 Chapter 2: Feelings We Want to Carry

Eve ponders over the victory and defeat. Just then, a phone call comes in......?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Evening]

[Wakamiya Eve's Room]

Eve: (Searching for posts hashtagged TIS… Wow, there's already so many.)
Eve: "Congrats on making it past the second round!" "Pastel✽Palettes is definitely going to win! #TIS #LetsGoPasupare"
Eve: (Having so many people cheer us on is truly an amazing thing. But… oh… this post…)
Eve: "I was rooting for them, so it sucks that ViVidCanvas lost" "Huh? Why didn't they make it? Their performance was so good" "I've been crying ever since the live stream ended..."
Eve: …
Eve: (There'll be people hurt because we won… But even so, we can't lose either… Just what should we do…)
Eve: Hmm? Who is it… Huh, Shino-san!?
Shino: Ah, Eve-san. Sorry for calling out of the blue…
Shino: Uhm… I'm really sorry about today… I lost my cool, and said some horrible things to you seniors… I'm really… Sob… I'm really sorry…!
Eve: Shino-san, it's fine! I didn't mind at all.
Shino: I was really glad you lent me your handkerchief… Uhm… I know this sounds really selfish, but could you do me a favor?
Shino: Our dream has come to an end… Ugh… But that's why… I want to entrust our dream to Pastel✽Palettes! I want you to shoulder our feelings and move forward.
Eve: Entrusting your dreams..!
Eve: Moving forward, carrying the hopes of those who lost… That is the path we must follow!
Eve: Shino-san, leave it to us! Carrying ViVidCanvas's regrets and feelings, Pastel✽Palettes will definitely take them with us to victory!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The next day]

[Practice studio]

Nao: Yawn… Morning. Looks like everyone's here.
Nao: Right, let's have our meeting about the third round then.
Maya: Uhm… Excuse me. Could I ask about something before we start? What happened with Shino-san afterwards…?
Nao: Sorry, sorry. Right, of course you all would be concerned.
Nao: I had a chat with ViVidCanvas afterwards, and it seems like she's calmed down. She's decided to work towards her next goal, so please rest assured.
Chisato: I see. That's a relief.
Eve: Actually… Shino-san called me last night. She apologized profusely for all the trouble she caused us…
Eve: Shino-san was crying, while she told me that she wanted us to shoulder their feelings and move forward.
Nao: …...
Eve: And that's what made me realize! I want to continue fighting on, carrying the determination and dreams of those who lost. That's the responsibility of the winners!
Aya: I see… That's right!
Aya: I always felt guilty for stealing their dream away… but we just have to bring ViVidCanvas's dream with us onto the next stage, right?
Eve: Yes, that's right! Carrying the regret of those who lost and moving forward, that's bushido!
Chisato: Fufu, that does sound like you, Eve. But when a junior entrusts you with their dreams like that, as a senior idol, you have no choice but to live up to their expectations.
Hina: True, that's probs be the only thing we can do!
Eve: We as Pastel✽Palettes have to work hard so we can show ViVidCanvas the scenery they wanted to see!
Maya: Speaking of which, Aya-san, you did say something similar before. "Idols are a story of continued growth, where we inherit the feelings and brightness of others while also passing on those same qualities."
Maya: What I want to say is, I think that carrying on the feelings of our juniors and working hard, like this time, is also part of "an idol's story."
Aya: Yes yes! That's totally it.
Nao: … You don't have to.
Eve: Huh…?
Nao: You don't have to shoulder someone else's dreams or expectations.
Nao: Pastel✽Palettes is Pastel✽Palettes, ViVidCanvas is ViVidCanvas. You only have to think about yourselves. Anyone else's dreams and expectations are just burdens. Hindrances.
Aya: Hindrances…! Please don't say that about ViVidCanvas' feelings…
Maya: That's right. Nao-san, you of all people should know just how much of themselves ViVidCanvas put into their practice.
Nao: That is precisely why I'm saying this. It is a hindrance, and an unnecessary distraction.
Eve: Why… Why would you say something like that? Nao-san! Why!?
Chisato: Eve-chan, calm down a little.
Hina: Maybe you should explain yourself properly~ Also, Eve-chan's pretty stubborn once she's determined to do something, yanno?
Nao: … Sigh. I guess I have to. This is the story of a certain idol I met during my time as an idol...
Nao: She loved idols, she loved the idol industry, she loved her fans, and she was a positive girl who wanted to live up to everyone's expectations.
Nao: But, it was too hard to meet the expectations of the industry and her fans… And it broke her heart. She was so exhausted, both physically and mentally, that she couldn't be an idol anymore.
Nao: "Gotta be a dazzling idol at all times." "Always be positive. Never show any negative emotions." All these idol-like principles drove that girl into a corner…
Pastel＊Palettes: …...
Nao: It's true that being an idol means you have to shoulder the expectations of your peers, your colleagues, and your fans. But this idea is only correct when done "in moderation".
Nao: And idols can't judge for themselves, what "resonable expectations" are. So… it's up to the adults around them to tell them.
Nao: I don't think you girls as you are, are capable of shouldering ViVidCanvas' feelings.
Chisato: (… Is that why Nao-san back then---)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Chisato: Indeed. The fans make the idols. It's only natural that we should strive to meet their expectations. We must put our fan's smiles first, and give it our all.
Nao: …put the fan's smiles first?
Nao: Shirasagi, are you saying that you think meeting your fan's expectations is the most important thing to you as idols?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: (So this is what you were trying to tell me back then…)
Hina: Hmm, is that so? So you had an acquaintance like that huh, Nao-san.
Eve: I understand very well that you're concerned about us, Nao-san.
Eve: However, we want to be an idol group that carries the hopes of our fans, and other idols.
Aya: Me too! And I'm sure that if it's us five in Pastel✽Palettes, we'll definitely be fine.
Hina: Yep yep, we're different from that person~
Nao: I've been watching idols up close for the longest time, so the type like you girls in Pastel✽Palettes… are too dangerous to yourselves so I can't just stand by and watch. That's why I said you shouldn't have to shoulder those feelings.
Eve: Absolutely not. We are capable of doing it! And we will do it!
Nao: I'm telling you, the pressure is going to be even greater in the upcoming third round, and that kind of attitude is dangerous.
Eve: B- But!
Maya: Um, you two, please calm down…
Eve & Nao: ......
Eve: Even so… My feelings are the same…! Carrying on the feelings of one's comrades is Bushido! I won't turn my back on my beliefs!
Nao: Sigh… Pastel✽Palettes really is interesting. I thought Shirasagi was the problematic botleneck, but I suppose Wakamiya is the same too.
Nao: Well then, what now? If I'm not able to convince you, we have to think about what's next---
Chisato: Excuse me…!
Chisato: I'll make sure everyone is in a good condition by the next practice. So, is it okay if we cancel today's lesson?
Nao: We can't possibly practice in this state huh. Okay. Everyone, be ready for next time.
Chisato: We understand. Is that okay, everyone?
Eve: Chisato-san, what is the meaning of this? We were…!
Chisato: Eve-chan. We'll talk about this later, okay?
Eve: Chisato-san…!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
