event246-07 Ending: This Is Our Idols’ Way

Pastel＊Palettes are united in one mind. They face Nao again and tell her how they feel about her.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[15 minutes later]

[Idol agency]

Nao: Phew… I guess that about does it for the training menu, heading into the third round.
Nao: Those girls always go harder than what we tell them to do, so better hold back a little…
Eve: Beg your pardon!!
Nao: Woah, what on earth?
Eve: Nao-san, thank you for your hard work! Beg your pardon!
Maya: Why are you yelling like you're about to tear down a dojo…? Well, I guess it is very much like Eve-san to do that.
Eve: Beg your pardon! is the greeting to use when one asks a favor! I have come here today with a favor to ask from Nao-san!
Nao: So why's everyone gathered? There shouldn't be a lesson today, right?
Chisato: Sorry to intrude on your busy schedule. Could you please hear us out?
Nao: Hmm… Well it's fine. Please make it quick though?
Pastel＊Palettes: Thank you very much!
Aya: In the end, we've decided that we want to carry ViVidCanvas' feelings with us as we advance.
Nao: … Continue.
Hina: We talked a whole lot about it since that time. But yeah, ain't it the most like us to do just that?
Aya: Holding true to our feelings, and being positive about our dreams is what makes us Pastel✽Palettes.
Eve: We'll use the feelings of ViVidCanvas as our motivation, and work even harder. That is the path we have chosen.
Chisato: Of course, the pressure from TIS will only mount ever higher as we advance.
Maya: And at that time, we will take on the pain and difficulties brought on by the responsibilities we have chosen to shoulder.
Nao: And that is why I'm saying no.
Nao: Do you have any idea how much of a negative impact these excessive feelings and expectations have on idols? By the time you realize, it's already too late.
Eve: We… will not end up the same way as the idol you knew, Nao-san! Please believe in us!
Nao: I see… Everyone seems to have been influenced by Wakamiya. You all hold very strong opinions on this.
Nao: Then, what if I say we'll remove Wakamiya…?
Aya & Chisato & Hina: …...!
Nao: Just saying, but if once I decide to remove her, it's for real.
Nao: I would never produce an idol in a way that destroys them. If they start heading down a dangerous path, I'll stop them, even if it means removing them from the group.
Nao: So I'll ask you one last time, Wakamiya.
Nao: Even after hearing all this, do you still choose to become an idol who would shoulder the hopes and expectations of others?
Eve: …......
Chisato: Eve-chan…
Eve: No matter how many times you ask, my answer remains unchanged. I'll advance with their feelings and expectations… That is my path as an idol!
Nao: I see. So that is Pastel✽Palettes' answer.
Nao: I understand.
Nao: If that's what you believe, then I won't stop you. Go on, and shoulder ViVidCanvas' dream together as a team.
Pastel＊Palettes: …...! Thank you very much!
Chisato: Isn't it great, Eve-chan?
Eve: Yes…...!
Nao: Sigh, I guess it was going to come to this after all.
Eve: Huh?
Nao: I had a feeling it was going to turn out like this. Pastel✽Palettes is that kind of group after all.
Hina: Ahaha, I did say so at the start. Told ya Eve-chan's pretty stubborn once she's determined to do something.
Eve: I, I apologise…
Nao: Jeez, I really shouldn't have become an idol producer~ It's trouble all around.
Maya: Hehe, sorry for the trouble.
Nao: … Hey. Maruyama, Shirasagi, Hikawa, Yamato, Wakamiya. I have a request for you.
Pastel＊Palettes: …...
Nao: Your own feelings are more important than anything else. So from here on, if I ever tell you to "put yourselves first", I want you to do just that.
Aya: … Nao-san?
Nao: I… don't want to be too late to save someone else, again…
Maya: Are- Are you okay?
Nao: Ahaha~ Sorry, sorry. Man, guess I'm just a little tired.
Nao: It's about time I got back to work. Are we done?
Eve: Yes! Thank you very much!!
Aya: Hey everyone, since we're already all here, why don't we practice a bit before heading back?
Hina: Awwright!
Maya: That's a great idea! If we're doing it, let's go check with the staff if a practice room is available!
Nao: You girls are supposed to be on break today, so do it in moderation~
Pastel＊Palettes: Yes!
Nao: …...
Nao: Idols are always so straightforward and dazzling… Should have known they wouldn't listen to what we adults tell them to do…
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Nao: … It really is frustrating… Isn't that right, Ayumi… Miharu…
(Black cut)
