event246-06 Chapter 5: One Feeling, One Road

Eve rushes to give her a letter filled with her feelings.  The words that Chisato says to her when she arrives are――

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Street]

Eve: (Once she reads this letter… I'm sure we'll be able to understand each other!)
Eve: (After I turn this corner… I'll be almost at the office…)
Chisato: Could you please wait a moment before you hand this letter to her?
Eve: Chisato-san, why are you here?
Chisato: Aya-chan let me know over the phone a moment ago.
Chisato: I had some free time today, so I had originally planned to go to the office to read some of our fan letters.
Eve: … I really want Nao-san to read this letter, more than anything else. So please, let me go!
Chisato: I can see your eyebags. I'm certain you really worked on this letter with all your might.
Eve: Yes. It took me until late at night… but this letter contains my true and honest feelings.
Chisato: …Eve-chan, this is a good opportunity, so I think you need to learn to accept the good and the bad together.
Eve: You mean to accept… both the good and the evil?
Chisato: Yes. I think it's essential for you to learn this, to still have a future in the entertainment industry.
Eve: …...
Aya: Ah, there you two are! We finally caught up~~!
Hina: Since both of you are here, that means… As expected of Chisato-chan! You managed to stop the assault!
Maya: I was worried! I wouldn't know what to do if she started an argument with Nao-san again…
Eve: Everyone…
Chisato: … Eve-chan, Nao-san isn't as simple as you think.
Chisato: Have you already forgotten what happened with Aya-chan back then?
Chisato: What if after reading the letter, Nao-san decided to eject you from the group for thinking differently?
Eve: Th- That is…
Chisato: Nothing happened back then thankfully. But if that hadn't been the case, Pastel✽Palettes would no longer be in the same form it is today.
Chisato: What we need to avoid the most right now, is that awful possibility.
Eve: But… Even if Aya-san had been unable to clear the task back then…!
Eve: We would've done everything we could to protect her!
Eve: Even if it means rebelling against Nao-san, I won't let Pastel✽Palettes change from who we are. I will protect Pastel✽Palettes against everything!
Eve: Don't you actually feel the same way too, Chisato-san?
Chisato: That… may be the case, but even so.
Chisato: As I keep saying, Pastel✽Palettes as an idol group, is still under the control of the agency and our producer. That's an unchangeable fact.
Eve: I understand that. But Pastel✽Palettes... is something that belongs to us.
Eve: We are the ones who get to decide how we feel.
Eve: It wouldn't be like us to hold back what we want to say and pretend everything is fine on the surface. Moving forward at all times no matter what, that's what I believe Pastel✽Palettes really is.
Aya: Eve-chan…
Eve: Whether it's for TIS, for Pastel✽Palettes, or for a career in the entertainment industry… Having to "get along", that's something I understand.
Eve: But Chisato-san, where are your true feelings?
Chisato: My true feelings…?
Eve: Yes! Hidden behind your idea of "getting along", is where your genuine feelings lie!
Eve: Just what do you really feel? Please let me know!
Chisato: My- My true feelings are…
Eve: …
Chisato: Whether it's Eve-chan or anyone else here… I don't want anyone else to be removed from Pastel✽Palettes.
Chisato: And… The fact that we disagreed with Nao-san, and that we couldn't share the same feelings on the matter… Made me feel a bit lonely inside.
Aya: Me too…! Me too, Chisato-chan!
Eve: I feel the same way. Even if Nao-san and us have different positions, I want us to have a relationship with her where we can express our true feelings…!
Chisato: Yes… That's right.
Eve: Then… Then, shall we try to talk it through with Nao-san once more?
Eve: It's not like us as Pastel✽Palettes, to be scared before we even say what we want to say, to hide our true feelings and pretend to get along.
Maya: Eve-chan… You're right. I think so too.
Hina: Heck yeah! That way's more boppin' for sure!
Aya: I think so too. In the end, I don't want to give up on these feelings. What about you, Chisato-chan? How do you feel about it?
Chisato: … Eve-chan really is strong.
Eve: Huh?
Chisato: You saw through me, and found my true feelings for me…
Eve: No, that wasn't really…
Chisato: Thinking about it, that is what I told Eve on the way home that day too.
Chisato: I'm so tied down by logic and the desire to balance our losses and our gains that I often lose sight of my true feelings.
Chisato: But so long as Eve-chan was here for me, she would find my true feelings for me… That's what I thought at that time, I only just remembered that.
Eve: Chisato-san…
Chisato: Thank you, Eve-chan.
Chisato: I was so terrified that either myself or any one of us would be put on the chopping block, all I could think of was how to get along, to the point I turned my back on my own feelings.
Chisato: I never once thought about how I really felt about it all.
Chisato: Let's talk to Nao-san, so that she can understand our feelings properly.
Eve: Chisato-san…...! Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
