event99-03 Chapter 2: I Want to Eat Oshiruko!

Himari tells oshiruko-loving Tae all about her secret recipe for oshiruko.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Restaurant]

Hagumi: Sigh, that steak was so good~. Maybe I'll have my family cook steak for dinner too~♪
Ran: Huh? You want to have it again?
Tae: Hmmm...
Himari: O-Tae...? What's wrong? You're focusing awfully hard on that dessert menu...
Tae: These sorts of restaurants never have oshiruko... I really would have liked some for my dessert.
Himari: Oshiruko?
Eve: It is one of her favorite foods. I saw her buy some from the vending machine at school the other day.
Hagumi: Makes perfect sense to me! I also get in the mood for some from time to time!
Himari: It's not that hard to make yourself, you know.
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: ...!!
Tae: For real, Himari?!
Himari: Y-yeah... Well, it's kind of my own unique recipe, to be honest. It's pretty different from the usual stuff, but I think it's still really tasty♪
Tae: I want to try it! Can you make some, Himari?!
Himari: I guess so... but haven't we had enough food for today?
Tae: Tomorrow, then! We can have an oshiruko party at my place.
Hagumi: I'm down for that~! Eve-chin, Ran-ran~! You should come too~!
Eve: What kind of oshiruko could it be? Oh my, this is so exciting...!
Ran: Uh, Himari... You've gone and hyped everyone up... Are you sure you can handle this?
Himari: No problem...! It should be fine... Probably. I hope~... Right? It'll all work out... right?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Convenience Store]

Tae: Himari, I found the daifuku and shiratama. How much do we need?
Himari: There are five of us, so get the five-pack! Let's see, what else...?
Hagumi: Hii-chan, I got the milk!
Ran: Uh... you're making oshiruko, right? If so, then what is with the milk, daifuku, and shiratama...?
Himari: Don't you remember? This is my own special take on it. Making the real thing is a lot of hard work.
Eve: A secret recipe using milk, daifuku, and shiratama... I cannot imagine what the result will be!
Himari: You know, oshiruko by itself doesn't seem all that interesting~. Maybe we should make something else too... Hmmm, in that case~...
Himari: Ah, steamed bread! This will do just fine♪
Hagumi: Wow! Hii-chan, is that another part of your super secret recipe?!
Himari: Hmmm~, this one is less of a secret recipe and more of a "freestyle" recipe, if you will.
Hagumi: Whoa~! A unique recipe?! Hii-chan, it's so cool that you know secret recipes and can freestyle your own unique ones too~!
Himari: Heh heh~♪ I do know a thing or two about sweets! It must be all the magazines and websites I look through~.
Himari: Okay, let's pay for all this and head over to O-Tae's place♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanazono Residence - Living Room]

Himari: All right, time to make some oshiruko! Let the cooking begin!
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: Okay~!
Ran: Are you sure we can make oshiruko with this stuff? I'm not so sure...
Himari: Ran, you worry too much~. Just look forward to all the tasty treats we'll be having.
Tae: What do you want us to do, Himari?
Himari: Nothing in particular, to be honest. It's so simple that it will be over in a flash.
Tae: Mind if we cheer you on?
Himari: Huh?! Cheer me on?! Aw, that would be kind of nice!
Tae: You can do it, Himari~!
Hagumi: Show that soup who's boss, Hii-chan!!
Eve: Believe in yourself, Himari-san! Let the bushido flow through you!
Himari: Aw yeah, I'm really feeling it now! Let's do this~!
