event99-06 Chapter 5: So Much Fun!

The group finds one interesting thing after another as they go around Tae's jogging path...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Riverside]

Tae: Our next stop is the path to school. The flowers that grow here are really cute.
Eve: Flowers? Hmmm~... Could you remind me where those are?
Himari: Ah, I found them! Look over there by that fence!
Hagumi: You're right! A whole patch of tiny yellow flowers!
Ran: Japanese silver leaf, I'm guessing. The petals have a glossy exterior. They're also regularly used in bonsai. Arisa would probably know them too, I bet.
Eve: I never noticed them, despite often passing through here. They must be very strong to still be in bloom during winter.
Tae: Not that there are many left, unfortunately...
Tae: It's like they're holding on just to say hello. So cute.
Hagumi: Where to next, O-Tae?! I want to see more and more fun places like this!
Tae: Hmmm, I don't recall anything else around here. But hey, there are bound to be other things that I simply haven't noticed yet.
Himari: Why don't we look for ourselves, then? The first person to find one gets a point!
Ran: Wait, is this a competition now?
Eve: It does sound exciting, no matter how we handle it!
Hagumi: Works for me~!
Tae: Alright, let the hunt begin. Let's go this way next.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Back Alley]

Hagumi: Found one~! The doggy in that house is looking at us through the window!
Himari: I think it's still a pup. So cute~♪
Tae: It might have been born recently. I do remember seeing a much bigger dog around here before.
Himari: Ah, look over there! It's one of those old payphones! Now there's something you don't see nowadays!
Eve: You're right! I think I will have a look inside!
Himari: I can't believe I never noticed that before~. It like we've found some kind of hidden gem♪
Tae: Himari and Hagumi each get one point.
Hagumi: Sweet~! High five, Hii-chan~! Yes~!
Himari: Yay~! That puts me and Eve-chan at one point each, while O-Tae and Hagu both have two points! As for Ran...
Ran: ... Huh? You're dragging me into this?
Himari: Of course~! But don't worry, Ran! You still have a chance to catch up!
Ran: Not that I really care or anything... Hm?
Ran: Hey... Isn't there something a little... strange about that pet-shop sign?
Tae: Strange...? Like what?
Ran: I mean, it's a pet shop, but their mascot is a lion. That's not an animal you can own.
Tae: ...?! Ran, are you some sort of genius?
Hagumi: Nice one, Ran-ran! You found a real winner!
Tae: Congrats, Ran~! You're now on the board with one point!
Ran: I said that I don't care...
Eve: Everyone! That phone booth was a nice warm refuge from the cold wind!
Hagumi: Whoa, awesome~! I'm going to hop in too~!
Tae: So will I!
Himari: Nice job earning your first point, Ran~. I'm not surprised you would find something so interesting! Way to go~.
Ran: Knock it off, you're embarrassing me.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Tae: This is where I usually stop and turn back. I touch the Oddie tree and then head home.
Himari: Huh? Oddie tree?
Tae: Those two branches are his ears, and this part is his nose.
Himari: Ah, now that you mention it... I think I can see the resemblance~.
Hagumi: And when the wind blows, it looks like his ears are moving! So funny~.
Eve: Tae-san, you must have so much fun when you go jogging.  We've discovered so much, it's like a treasure hunt!
Himari: She's right! Fun things are all around us, aren't they~?
Hagumi: Yeah, and this can't be all! Let's keep looking on the way back!
Ran: Here we go again...
Tae: I'm glad that you all like the course I made. But honestly, what I recommend is designing one of your own.
Tae: Your own unique surprises are just waiting to be found. I hope you find what you're looking for, Himari.
Himari: Unique surprises of my own, huh...? Oh boy, this is so exciting♪ Maybe this is my chance to give jogging another try!
Himari: Just wait and see! I'll make my own course and use it as much as I can! I'll become a true jogging master~! Hey, hey~...
Tae: Good luck, Himari!
Himari: O-O-Tae~! You're supposed to say "Hoh~!"
Tae: Ah, sorry. Hoh~!
Himari: I-it's too late now...!
Ran, Hagumi & Eve: Hahahaha!
