event99-07 Ending: Taking the Long Way

Himari runs into Tae on her way to the mall to do some shopping.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Himari Uehara)

[Day Off]

[Riverside]

Himari: Today's the day I finally buy a coat~. This pink one is nice, but I can't get over how sophisticated that gray one looks...
Tae: Ah, Himari.
Himari: Oh, O-Tae. Hello~. What brings you out here today?
Tae: I came to pick up some food for Oddie and his friends. How about you?
Himari: I figured I'd buy a new coat, so I'm on my way to the shopping mall.
Tae: Oh yeah, they have a sale going on right now. Come to think of it, I think the music store is having one too.
Himari: Really? I was just thinking about replacing my bass strings~. I'd better stop by there too, then.
Tae: Oh, before I forget... I finally started working on my oshiruko lyrics. They're almost done, so hang on just a little longer.
Himari: Ah! Yeah, you did mention that before. Hahahaha. I didn't think you'd actually go through with it~.
Tae: It would be a waste not to.
Tae: I think the lyrics I have now capture the sweetness, the aroma, and the tasty texture of oshiruko.
Himari: I'm still having trouble picturing that... But hey, I look forward to hearing it!
Himari: Oh, that reminds me! O-Tae, there is something I wanted to show you!  Let's see~... Here it is! Check out this photo!
Tae: Is that the puppy we saw before at the window?
Himari: Sure is! They were out for a walk while I was jogging, and I had our picture taken together!
Tae: So cute~. Send a copy to me too.
Himari: Okay! Oh, have a look at this tree. Weird, isn't it? Doesn't it look like a ballerina striking a pose?
Tae: Hey, it does. Did you find that during your run, as well?
Himari: Yep! I found so many interesting things that I had somehow never noticed.
Tae: Fufu. I'm glad to hear that you haven't given up on jogging yet.
Himari: I figured I'd stick with it and keep trying to make the most interesting course I can.
Himari: But all the stuff I've found is so much fun that I can't decide which to go with~.
Tae: Don't choose, then. There isn't any need to commit to a single one.
Tae: The more fun you have, the better. Each and every place you've found can become your course.
Himari: I see~. Yeah, it does make sense when you put it that way.
Tae: Once you've made up your mind, let's give it a trial run together.
Himari: Okay! I'll be sure to show you all the interesting things I've found!
Tae: Sounds good. I look forward to it.
Himari: ... Whoops, I didn't expect to go on talking for so long.
Himari: I had better get going. They'll run out of coats before I can get one.
Tae: Ah, hold on. Mind if I tag along?
Himari: No, I don't mind... but weren't you heading to the pet shop?
Tae: I can always stop by there later. I feel like there is a lot more fun to be had by going shopping with you, Himari.
Himari: H-hey, stop with that~. That kind of talk will have me smiling all day~.
Himari: Oh, I know! After we're done shopping, why don't we stop by one of my favorite cafés?
Himari: Their cream puffs are out of this world~. The crust is so soft, and the cream just melts in your mouth...
Tae: Can't say no to that!
Himari: Say, you know how messy cream puffs can be, right? How the cream shoots out of the other end when you take a bite.
Tae: Yeah. that always happens to me.
Himari: Well, I have a secret way to get around that!
Tae: ...!
Himari: The top part of the cream puff sort of sticks up, right? If you flip it upside-down, the cream will stay inside! We can try it together later♪
Tae: Wow... Himari, you are a true cream-puff sensei.
Himari: Come now, there's no need for all that~.
