event99-02 Chapter 1: Himari's Secret Recipe!

Wanting to fix her relationship with Oddie, Tae visits Himari...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Himari: Ran~! Sorry for the wait~!
Ran: No problem. We had stuff to do in the staff room, anyway. Where is everyone else?
Himari: Tomoe has club activities, and Moca is at work. Tsugu is doing her usual student-council duties.
Ran: Ah, that emergency council meeting.
Himari: Ran, do you have any plans later? If not, then let's stop by the shopping mall!
Himari: Ah, and then we can grab a bite to eat afterward! Rimi said they put out a new seasonal parfait~.
Ran: Sure, but didn't you say you went to the mall yesterday...? Oh, right. The thing with Tae happened, instead...
Himari: Yeah! Exactly! O-Tae and Oddie's strange little conversation...
Eve: Tae-san! I found Himari-san!
Himari: Huh? Eve-chan, O-Tae...? What are you doing here?
Hagumi: I tagged along too! Hello, Hii-chan, Ran-ran!
Tae: I came to thank you for yesterday. So Himari, what would you like to do today? Just say the word, and I'll make it happen.
Eve: Tae-san told us about what happened! Himari-san, I am impressed with how well you handled Oddie's problem!
Himari: H-hold on a second! I don't deserve any kind of reward or whatever... Ran, help me out here~.
Ran: Why are you asking me...?
Himari: Jeez, you really want to reward me...? Hmm, I seriously can't think of anything~.
Eve: In that case, why don't we find somewhere quiet and relaxing to discuss the matter?
Hagumi: That's just what I was thinking! I say we go get something to eat! I'm feeling pretty hungry!
Tae: Works for me. I could really go for some Hamburg steak.
Ran: Himari was just saying she wanted to stop and eat somewhere, so I think that works out fine.
Himari: I guess I did say that...
Hagumi: That settles it, then! Off to eat we go~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Ran: Whoa, I guess I hadn't heard the whole story yet. This whole "Himari-sensei" thing is news to me.
Hagumi: Hii-chan, you're so cool~!
Himari: Um, I really didn't do anything, you know. All I did was sit with O-Tae and Oddie and watch from the sidelines...
Tae: No, Oddie and I are very much in your debt.
Himari: Hmmm, I see. Glad I could be of help, then! But to be honest, humans and rabbits talking to each other sounds more like something from one of those old fairy tales.
Ran: Anyway, shouldn't we go ahead and order? I could go for a coffee right about now.
Hagumi: I want some of that diced steak~! Man, I'm starving~.
Himari: Let's see~... I think I'll have the seasonal parfait that Rimi suggested~.
Eve: Anything with that many strawberries must be delicious! I think I will have one as well! How about you, Tae-san...?
Tae: The Hamburg steak set with tomato sauce for me. French dressing for the salad. Oh, and a side of fries.
Himari: Ah! Wait, O-Tae! If you're going with fries, then you totally have to get the cheese Hamburg steak instead!
Tae: Huh? Why?
Himari: There is a little secret when it comes to those two dishes♪ I don't want to ruin the surprise, so just trust me when I say that it's super tasty.
Tae: Secret? That does sound interesting. Okay, then! I'll have the cheese version, instead.
Eve: I believe that takes care of everyone. Um, excuse me. May we place our order now?
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Himari: Get a load of this thing~! There are even more strawberries than in the picture~♪
Hagumi: Check mine out! This diced steak is just asking to be gobbled up! Mmm, smells so good♪
Tae: Great, my steak set with fries is here too. Okay, Himari. Care to let me in on this secret of yours?
Himari: Sure thing~! I hope you're ready♪ First, spoon out a hole in the top of the steak~.
Hagumi: Wow! All the tasty cheese is gushing out~♪
Himari: Exactly~♪ And after that, you~... Hey, O-Tae. Mind if I have one of your fries?
Tae: Not at all... but why?
Himari: Thanks~! See, you take the fry, then dip it into the cheese... and eat it!
Tae: ...!
Himari: Mmm, so good~♪
Eve: I-incredible! I never knew such a technique existed!
Hagumi: O-Tae, can I try too?!
Ran: Himari, you sure do know a lot about this kind of stuff.
Himari: Go on and try, O-Tae! Um... what's the matter?
Tae: You have turned my steak world upside-down... Himari, you are a revolutionary steak sensei.
Himari: S-Steak sensei?
Hagumi: Hii-chan, what other kinds of restaurant secrets do you know about? You just have to tell us!
Himari: Sure, okay! For example, with diced steak...
