event99-05 Chapter 4: Everyone, Group Walk!

The group goes out for a walk and Tae guides them along her favorite jogging path.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Taking a Walk]

[Residential Area]

Eve: Mmm~♪ This breeze feels amazing, exactly as Tae-san said!
Ran: It's a little warmer than usual too, which is nice.
Himari: Ah, a fork in the road. Which way should we go?
Hagumi: Not sure. I don't really come around here often.
Himari: Me neither~. I wonder where this path goes.
Tae: If you turn right here and then head straight, it will take you to the station.
Himari: Whoa, how about that~.
Tae: Let's go that way, then.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: Ah, there's the station~!
Himari: Wow, so it takes you right to the entrance. Interesting~.
Tae: I often come down this way when I'm jogging.
Eve: Come to think of it, Tae-san, you have been jogging since your first year of high school.
Tae: Yeah, I've always loved running. I go out several times a week.
Hagumi: I love running too~! It feels sooo good to zip around~!
Himari: Wow, that's impressive~. Isn't it hard to keep up a routine like that?
Tae: Maybe for some people. I do it because I like it.
Himari: That's the amazing part, though! I tried to pick up jogging a while back, but I ended up quitting in the end~...
Ran: You only lasted three days, as I recall.
Himari: I held out longer than that~. I don't know why, but running on its own is kind of boring to me...
Tae: If that's the case, would you like to take a walk on one of my courses?
Tae: There are many interesting things to see along the way. I think you would find it really fun, Himari.
Himari: For real?! I was just thinking that I would like to give jogging another try! You should come too, Ran!
Ran: Well, it's not like I have anything else planned.
Hagumi: Me too, me too~! I want to go~!
Eve: Tae-san, may I also accompany you?
Tae: Sure, we can all go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Riverbank]

Tae: This is the first stop on my recommended path.
Hagumi: Hey, I know this riverbank! Our band came down here to do some fireworks in the summer!
Eve: The sound of running water is very calming! I can see how this place would be ideal for jogging!
Ran: There's a walking trail nearby too. Do a lot of joggers come through here?
Tae: I see my fair share of familiar faces. I like to wave to them whenever I run along the bank here.
Himari: Huh...? You run along the actual bank? Don't all the rocks make it difficult?
Tae: They make it more fun, actually!
Himari: How so?
Tae: You'll know once you do it. Try it out for yourself, Himari.
Himari: Okay! So what, just a normal pace, then? Like this...?
Tae: How was it?
Himari: Hmmm, with all the rocks in the way, I kept trying to find somewhere safe for my feet to land...
Tae: That's the part that I like! Keeping your eyes peeled for an opening, make that huge jump, zigzagging back and forth with a tap, tap, tap.
Himari: Yeah, that's how it felt. It sort of came naturally somehow.
Tae: Finding that perfect rhythm is what is most fun for me!
Hagumi: Oh~! I get it now~! I think I'll give it a try too~!
Himari: I never thought of it like that~. All right, I think I'll give it another go!
Hagumi: Ah! Hey, you guys! Check this out! Boing~! Boing boing boing boing boing!
Eve: Oh my, look at that! This spot is more like... Bo-bo-bo-bo-boing~!
Ran: Watch where you're going, guys... It won't be pretty if you fall.
