event99-04 Chapter 3: Himari's Cooking More!

After everyone eats their fill of milk oshiruko, Himari says she's going to make some steamed buns...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanazono Residence - Living Room]

Eve: Himari-san, your oshiruko is not only creamy but also very robust. I cannot get enough♪
Hagumi: The anko from the daifuku melts right into the milk. It tastes just like the real deal!
Ran: I'm still surprised at how easy it was to make. All she did was throw the milk, daifuku, and shiratama into a pot and heat it up in the microwave, right?
Tae: Sure, it may have been simple, but I'm still impressed that she can make something so tasty from only that!
Hagumi: Seconds, please!
Himari: What a relief~. I'm so glad that you all like it♪
Tae: Thanks, Himari. I'm so happy that I got to try such delicious oshiruko.
Tae: It would be a waste to not write these feelings down. I'm going to write some lyrics about oshiruko.
Himari: Lyrics? About oshiruko...? I can't even begin to imagine what that would be like...
Tae: You'll find out soon enough.
Ran: I think I can get a vague picture of it... Tae, that is some imagination you have...
Himari: By the way, O-Tae... There is one more freestyle recipe I'd like to make. Do you mind if I use the kitchen?
Tae: The one you mentioned at the convenience store? What is it?
Himari: Not telling! You'll find out when I'm done~.
(Black cut)
Himari: Sorry for the wait, everyone~! Ta-da~! I took some steamed bread and put it in the toaster~!
Eve: Wow~! It may be steamed, but the outside is crispy like toast! It looks positively delicious!
Hagumi: Mmm, that smells awesome~♪ I can't wait to try some~!
Himari: Hang on a second. It wouldn't be a freestyle-recipe party with just this, now would it?
Tae: Huh?! You still have something else planned...?
Hagumi: Hii-chan, you're batting a thousand tonight...!
Himari: And now, we take our toasted little friend, flip it this way, and~... ta-da~! Add an ice cream topping!
Tae: ...?!
Himari: See, look~. The ice cream is already melting~♪
Eve: I-it looks exactly like some fancy pancake from a cafe!
Himari: Okay, that takes care of everything! Ready to dig in, guys?
Tae, Hagumi & Eve: Let's eat~!
Tae: You've outdone yourself, Himari! Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside... I might get hooked on this.
Hagumi: It's out of this world~! My whole face is all tingly with happiness!
Eve: The cool ice cream very much compliments the warm bread interior... How wonderful♪
Ran: Not bad. Maybe I'll serve some in my flower-arranging class since it's easy to make.
Himari: Awesome~! I got Ran's "not bad" seal of approval~♪
Ran: Anyway, you really do know a lot about this kind of stuff, Himari.
Tae: I'm still just so impressed... Himari, you really are a freestyle sensei.
Himari: First, it was the "mediator sensei", then "steak sensei"... and now the "freestyle sensei"... It would be nice if I had some cooler titles, honestly...
Tae: Fine, what if we combine them into... "Professor Know-It-All"?
Himari: ... Huh? I liked the other ones better...
(Black cut)

[After Eating]

Hagumi: Thanks for the grub~! That was great, Hii-chan! Super-duper tasty!
Eve: Your milk-based oshiruko was a little shocking at first, but I cannot believe such a tasty dish was so easy to make. What an enlightening experience!
Tae: I'd love for us all to get together again and try some other freestyle recipes.
Himari: Nice idea, O-Tae! We definitely should!
Himari: There are still more than enough ingredients left over for another round of tasty treats♪
Tae: In that case, I'll hold off on eating before that day to leave plenty of room for later.
Himari: Y-you don't need to go that far...
Ran: ... Phew.
Hagumi: What's wrong, Ran-ran?
Ran: I'm stuffed. I think I went a little overboard back there.
Himari: We really did a number on that food~. I couldn't eat another bite~.
Tae: Let's go for a walk, then. With the weather this nice, it's bound to feel great out there.
Eve: A wonderful idea! I would love to go!
Himari: Let's clean up first, then we can head out!
