event155-01 Opening: Where's This Sunflower Field?

Moca comes to buy bread as she always does, but something seems to be on Saya's mind.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[After School]

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Moca: Sweet bean buns~♪ White bread~♪ Cream buns~♪
Moca: Ah~, decisions, decisions. What kinda bread should I have after school today~?
Saya: Hmm, what should I do...?
Moca: Huh~? What's up~, Saya? You having a hard time deciding something too?
Saya: Ah, Moca. Yeah, I'm thinking about this...
Moca: Oho~, is that a photo book?
Moca: "Forgotten Memories of Hidden Landscapes"... Summer rice paddies, ruins half-buried by nature... This book's got pictures of tons of nice places~.
Saya: Yeah, it does. I want to get better at taking pictures, so I went to the library and found this... There's something really magical about these places.
Moca: I know~. You've never been there before, but you feel like you've known these places your whole life~.
Saya: I was thinking about this picture here...
Moca: Whoa~, a deep blue sky with huge fluffy clouds floating lazily over an endless field of sunflowers... This scenery is amazing too.
Saya: I love pictures like this where it feels like summer is just around the corner. I get so excited when I see them.
Moca: Yeah, I can feel the warm summer breeze against my skin just looking at this~ ... Hm~? Aren't these sunflowers a little tall~?
Saya: These sunflowers are early bloomers. They should start blooming just about now.
Moca: Really~? That's unusual. So, what's got you worried?
Saya: I was thinking of going there and taking a picture like this...
Saya: It looks like you can get here by train, but...
Saya: Only the name of the area is written by the picture, not exactly where the field is.
Moca: Oh~. In other words, you're worried you won't be able to find the field, so you're not sure if you should try or not, right?
Saya: Yeah. I tried looking online, but I couldn't find anything about this spot.
Moca: Hmm, that's a good reason to worry... I'm not the kind to just run out and do something either, so I get how you feel~.
Moca: I'm always a little jealous of people who can do stuff without thinking about it too much~.
Saya: Ahaha, you mean like Kasumi and Himari?
Moca: Yeah. If only someone like them was here right now~...
Kokoro & Rimi: Hi~! Hi.
Saya: Ah, Kokoro! Rimi-rin! Hi. You two finish cleaning up at school?
Kokoro: Yep! The windows in the classroom are super shiny now!
Rimi: Even though she didn't have to, Kokoro-chan cleaned the windows in the hallway too... The teacher was really happy.
Saya: Really~? Fufu, I bet everyone else in class will be happy about that too.
Kokoro: Oh, Moca's here too! What were you two talking about?
Moca: Hi, Kokoro-chan~. Saya and I were talking about...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: I see now. So what's the place in that photo look like?
Saya: Here, this is it...
Kokoro: Wow! That place is sooo beautiful! Blue skies, a field of sunflowers, and white seagulls! I'm getting excited just looking at this photo!
Rimi: You're right. I bet if you saw it in person, it would be even more exciting.
Moca: Yeah, but we don't know where this place is~.
Kokoro: Oh. You should just go look for it then!
Moca: Hmm, but Saya might not find it~.
Kokoro: You won't know till you try! We should all go look! It'll be our super fun sunflower field adventure!
Moca: Boom, and there you have it, a "let's just do it" kinda person.
Saya: A-ahaha. Yep.
Kokoro: Well, let's get ready to go!
Saya: R-right now?! It's already evening. If we left now, it'd be dark by the time we got there.
Kokoro: Oh yeah, you're right. Okay, let's go tomorrow morning! Then we'll be able to see a beautiful blue sky, just like in the photo!
Rimi: Things are moving pretty fast, don't you think?
Saya: Y-yeah. But I don't really have any plans tomorrow...
Moca: If you're not doing anything, why not go?
Moca: You've got someone here saying, "let's just do it." If you pass this up, you'll just be back to worrying over what to do.
Moca: I'm free tomorrow too, so I'll tag along with you~.
Rimi: I'm not busy tomorrow either. We should go, Saya-chan.
Saya: ... Thanks, girls. Alright, tomorrow we'll go on our sunflower field adventure.
Kokoro: Then this is happening! Mmm~, I'm getting so excited!
Moca: Well then, ladies, let's meet up in front of the station tomorrow morning~.
Saya: Okay. See you all tomorrow!
(White cut)
