event155-05 Chapter 4: Just Moca Being Moca

The group rest for a while. What will Moca do as Kokoro searches for the sunflower field?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa)

[Forest]

Sayo: Huff... Huff... I-is everyone okay?
Saya: Yes... We made it... out of the tunnel...
Moca: Hm? Guys, look at that~.
Moca: Wasn't that charcoal-making shack with the weathervane in the photo book...?
Saya: Ah... You're right! It has that same deserted look to it! And... that pond with the floating water lilies was in the photo book too!
Sayo: More of the places from the book are showing up... That means... the sunflower field might be close to here.
Kokoro: Yay! We'll be able to see those sunflowers soon!
Saya: I wasn't sure what would happen if we went through the tunnel, but I'm glad it led us in the right direction.
Moca: Which was all thanks to our dear Kokoro-chan running off into the tunnel~.
Sayo: Yes, if it wasn't for Tsurumaki-san, I don't think any of us would have stepped inside...
Rimi: And I was happy to see what it looked like in there...
Moca: Mhm. And I was able to learn how buns taste in the dark.
Saya: Why don't we have lunch here? Everybody should be getting hungry about now, right?
Moca: I second the motion~. Let's have lunch in that little open spot over there~.
Saya: Moca, you've been eating bread ever since we came here. How are you still hungry...?
Moca: My stomach opens up into a different dimension. Ah~, I can't wait to eat the buns you made~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Ah~, I ate good. Nothing beats Saya's melon buns~.
Rimi: The chocolate cornets were really good too~♪ Sigh... I wonder why eating outside makes everything tastes so much better~.
Sayo: Thank you for letting me have some too, Yamabuki-san...
Saya: It was nothing. I made plenty just for today. How was it?
Sayo: The bread with the candied sweet potatoes was very delicious... And it was nice to eat outside like this.
Saya: Fufu. I'm glad you like it.
Rimi: Hm? Kokoro-chan hasn't come back yet.
Saya: She said she was going to look around here for the sunflower field, right? Maybe we should call for her to come back.
Moca: I just saw her running that way. I'll go get her~.
Saya: Ah, thanks, Moca. I appreciate it.
Moca: Be back soon~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Kokoro-chan~, it's time to go~... Hm? Wow, what are you doing up in that tall tree?
Kokoro: Moca! I was looking for the sunflower field from here! I'll come down now!
Moca: Wow~, you sure are athletic. Any luck finding the sunflower field~?
Kokoro: Nope, I didn't find a thing. If we had some sort of clue, we'd know which direction to go from here...
Moca: Yeah~...
Kokoro: ...? What are you thinking, Moca?
Moca: Hmm? Well, we've been finding the spots in the photo book, so the sunflower field should be nearby...
Moca: So... I was thinking, if I were the photographer from that book, where would I've gone from here~?
Kokoro: ...! Nice idea, Moca! I hadn't thought about that! How'd you come up with such a super idea?
Moca: It's what the detective in the manga I like does when they're trying to figure out something... They say when you're stuck on a case, you should try thinking like the criminal.
Moca: For example, after taking pictures of the charcoal-making shack and the pond, next the photographer would go~...
Moca: Hmm~...? That red fruit at the top of that tree...
Kokoro: What about the red fruit?
Moca: I was thinking it looked good.
Kokoro: It does look good. Maybe I'll eat some.
Moca: Hm? The pattern on this tree's bark...
Kokoro: What about it...?
Moca: It looks like a cat all curled up sleeping~.
Kokoro: Hey, you're right. That's cute!
Moca: This seems nice, so I'm gonna get a picture~.
Moca: Sweet~, I got a good picture. Now, I think I'll go sit down and rest on that big rock~.
Kokoro: Me too!
Kokoro: The photographer sure seems a lot like you, Moca! Really easygoing!
Moca: Ah... Now that you mention it, I'm just acting like myself, aren't I~?
Moca: Well~, I don't really have the faintest idea what a photographer is like~. I don't even take pictures usually~.
Moca: Anyway, this is a really calming place~. It's quiet, and there's a gentle breeze... I feel like I could sit here with some buns for a long time.
Kokoro: You really are easygoing!
Moca: I guess I am~.
Kokoro: And you're super nice!
Moca: Huh? How so?
Kokoro: You're helping Saya look for the sunflower field, aren't you?!
Kokoro: You made a plan to go hang out with Lisa in China Town, and you helped Saya find her hobby! You really like helping people, Moca!
Moca: Nah, you're just exaggerating~. This is just my way of saying thanks for all the buns Saya gives me. That's all~.
Kokoro: Yeah, and it's such a nice way to say thank you! When we find the sunflower field, I think Saya's face is gonna light up!
Kokoro: Hm?
Moca: What's up~?
Kokoro: Hey, Moca, doesn't that twisty tree we can see from here look like the one that was in the picture with the sunflower field?
Moca: Huh? Really...?
Moca: Maybe the photographer really was like me...
Kokoro: Awesome! As soon as I started taking it easy like you, I was able to see something I couldn't when I first got here!
Moca: Ehehe~. You have learned the secret of being chill, Young Grasshopper~. Now let's get the girls and move out~.
Kokoro: Yeah! We're one step closer to finding the sunflower field!
(Black cut)
