event155-02 Chapter 1: Where the Wind and Sea Meet

The group arrives at the rural town in the photo book. As they search for clues for the sunflower field, something happens...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa)

[Coastal Town]

(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Mmm~! The air here is super fresh!
Moca: Wow, the sky is so blue~. I'm glad the weather's nice today~.
Saya: The breeze feels so good at this time of the year, right before summer comes.
Rimi: Yeah. And being in a new town is kind of exciting.
Moca: Sure is. New scenes, new smells... This is the stuff that makes traveling so fun~.
Rimi: I wonder... where the sunflower field is...
Saya: Coming here has been more exciting than I imagined, but we don't have a single clue where the field is...
Rimi: There are barely any shops or homes here. I don't even hear people around...
Moca: Yeah, but this is our adventure, so let's not start stressing. We can take our time looking around~.
Kokoro: Alright, we are gonna find that sunflower field~! Hey, there are some yellow flowers over there. Let's go check it out!
Rimi: Kokoro-chan, I don't think that's a sunflower field...
Saya: A-ahaha... Don't get lost, Kokoro~.
Moca: Oh, I found a nice bench~. That'll be perfect for a little bun break~.
Saya: As soon as we arrive, you're thinking of eating bread... You really are laid-back, Moca~.
Rimi: Fufu, that's Moca-chan for you.
Moca: I'm just saying, when you relax and take it easy, you find what you're looking for more easily. Ah~, eating buns surrounded by fresh air is the best~.
Moca: ... Hmm? Hey, Rimi-rin, see that person walking over there...?
Rimi: Huh? That's...!
Sayo: ...? It's...
Saya: Sayo-senpai?! What are you doing here...?
Sayo: I'm looking for a place for my archery club to have a training camp. This area has many recreational facilities and lodges, so my club comes here every year around this time...
Rimi: Oh. I was really surprised when I saw you here~...
Sayo: Why have you all come here...?
Moca: Well, you see~...
(Black cut)
Sayo: I see. So you came looking for the sunflower field from that photo book...
Moca: Mhm~.
Sayo: But don't you think coming this far out without knowing exactly where to go was a bit careless...?
Saya: Ahaha... We just kind of went for it...
Kokoro: Hey, guys! Let's head for that field over there! I feel like we'll find the sunflower field if we go that way!
Rimi: Ah, okay. Let's move to a new area.
Sayo: There's a lodge over there but no sunflower field.
Saya: Huh...?
Moca: If that's true, then my Moca-chan Sensor says~... Hm, there's a sunflower field somewhere down this path~.
Sayo: ... There aren't any sunflower fields that way either. I think there's a mulberry field, though.
Rimi: O-oh...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: ... Um, if you'd like, I'll search with you...
Moca: Huh?
Sayo: I come here every year, so I'm familiar with the area. I know a few good sightseeing spots too. I might be able to help...
Saya: Are you sure? Don't you have things to do for your archery club...?
Sayo: I've finished looking for lodges for our training camp. I can do the rest when I get back, so it won't be a problem.
Saya: Okay... Well, if you don't mind, it'd be a big help if you could show us around.
Rimi: Thank you.
Moca: Oho~, a trusted companion joins the search~.
Kokoro: This is so exciting! It's like we're on a treasure hunt!
Sayo: There's a place with a really nice view by the coast if you go this way. Why don't we go there first?
Kokoro: Let's race to the sea! Go...!
Rimi: K-Kokoro-chan, wait~!
Saya: H-hey, don't split from the group~!
Moca: Eating buns while gazing out at the sea... Ahh, I bet they'll taste so good.
Sayo: I think... this is going to be a long day.
