event155-03 Chapter 2: At the Embankment

Sayo brings Moca and the others to the sea. Everyone spends time as they like.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Sayo Hikawa)

[Embankment]

Saya: Mmm~! The sea breeze feels great. Look how the light from the sun sparkles on the water!
Rimi: The clouds are so big and fluffy and white. Just looking at them gets me excited.
Sayo: Yes... It's as if they're telling us summer is coming. The scenery here is quite relaxing.
Moca: Wow~, the blue sky goes all the way to the horizon. This is one heck of a view~.
Kokoro: Ahhh~!
Saya: Huh?! You almost gave me a heart attack~. What's wrong, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Doesn't seeing such a beautiful place just make you wanna shout?! Yahoo~!
Moca: Oh... Shouting at the sea. There's no better way to feel alive when you're young. I think I'll do it too~.
Moca: Buns~!
Saya: Fufu. Moca, what was that all about~?
Saya: I guess I know why'd you want to shout, though. The weather's nice, and this view is breathtaking...
Saya: Ah, since we're here, why don't we take a picture? It'll remind us of our time here.
Moca: Okay~. We'll lean against the bank, and then we'll get the sea and the clouds behind us... How do we look? Good~?
Rimi: Fufu, you look like you're on the cover of a magazine. Very cool~. Hikawa-senpai, you should be in the picture too.
Sayo: Sure, I don't mind.
Saya: Wow, you three look great next to each other! This really looks like a poster for a teen movie.
Moca: Oh~, I like the sound of that~. It could be about high school girls living in town by the sea. With buns in their hands, they set out for adventure.
Rimi: Fufu. You'll be the main character, Moca-chan. Kokoro-chan~, over here. I'm going to take a picture of everyone.
Kokoro: Oh, you've all got cool poses! I'll do one too! How's this?
Saya: Oh, that's good! Ah, would you stand in front of Rimi-rin a little more? ... Yeah, like that. Perfect!
Rimi: Fufu. You sound like a photographer, Saya-chan.
Moca: Sayo-san... the camera's on you. Aren't you gonna strike a pose?
Kokoro: This is gonna be our picture to remember today. You should do a fun pose like us, Sayo!
Sayo: A pose? Is it necessary...?
Saya: A-ahaha. No worries, you can do whatever you like.
Saya: I'm going to take the picture now~. Say cheese!
Kokoro: Ah! A seagull!
Saya: Ah, Kokoro! Oh no, she might look blurry in the picture.
Moca: It's okay. We can just take another one~. I think there'll be a lot of other good spots for us to get pictures~.
Saya: Yeah, you're right. I'll have to make sure Kokoro doesn't move next time.
Saya: Mind if I take some more pictures of the sea? I'd like to have some of this bank since it was in the photo book.
Moca: Of course~. I'm just gonna enjoy this view of the sea a little longer~.
Rimi: I'll go along the beach over to where Kokoro-chan ran off to.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Mmm...
Moca: Ah~... Summer~...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Moca! Look~! Rimi and I found these pretty shells in the sand over there!
Moca: Wow~, you did. They're light pink and very pretty~.
Kokoro: There are all kinds of pretty shells over there. Come see some with us!
Moca: Hmm~, I think I'll hang back here a little more~.
Kokoro: Oh? You've got the whole sea right in front of you, and you're just gonna stare at it?
Moca: I like standing here in the breeze, looking at the sea. Doesn't it make you feel young~?
Kokoro: I don't know about feeling young, but if it's fun to do, then I wanna do it too!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Mmm~, that was super-duper fun!
Moca: It hasn't even been five minutes. You sure you wanna stop~?
Kokoro: I like looking at the sea, but when it's right there in front of me, I gotta get closer to it! Ah! I just saw a fish jump out of the water!
Moca: And off she goes.
Moca: Kokoro-chan sure has a lot of energy~. I guess she couldn't pick up on these youthful vibes here~.
Moca: Oh well, everyone has their own way of enjoying themselves~... Mmm, cream buns taste so good when you eat them while looking at the sea~♪
Sayo: Aoba-san, you always do your own thing, don't you? No matter where you are, you're very laid-back...
Moca: Yeah~, that's just how I am~. Want one? These cream buns are mighty tasty~.
Sayo: No... I'm fine.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: ... I've been extremely busy with the archery club and band practice lately... so maybe it's good to take a break like this and just relax sometimes.
Moca: True, true~. It's not good to push yourself too hard~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Oh, yeah~. Looking at the sea reminded me of something. Are there any old train tracks or stations that aren't in use anymore around here~?
Sayo: ... Yes. If you walk south along the coast, I'm pretty sure there are...
Moca: Then let's go there~.
Moca: There was a picture of something like that in the photo book with the sunflower field.
Moca: I was thinking that the sunflowers could be somewhere near there~.
Sayo: ... That's quite the deduction you've made. Let's tell the others and head there now.
Moca: Okay~. But first, I'm gonna eat this cream bun.
(Black cut)
