event98-05 Chapter 4: Santa Is Real

It's the day of the Christmas Party. Having Michelle hand out flyers worked, and all the preparations paid off.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Day of the Party]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Backyard]

Hagumi: It's finally the day of the Christmas party! I hope lots of people come~!
Kokoro: You don't need to worry there! Michelle handed out a whole bunch of flyers!
Kaoru: Indeed, as expected from the shopping district's superstar. Whether young or old, none could resist Michelle's charm.
Hagumi: Daddy got a flyer too! He said he'd definitely be here, and that he'd come to the party afterwards, too!
Kanon: Fufufu, you worked really hard, huh, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Making a new song, handing out fliers... It's business as usual, but it's still a real hassle...
Kaoru: Oh, turn your gazes yonder! The Christmas tree truly looks fleeting today.
Misaki: I don't know if I'd say fleeting. It's a little too extreme for that.
Hagumi: Ah, that's right, what time is Michelle going to get here? Mii-kun, have you heard anything?
Misaki: Well... Michelle said that she'll meet up with you guys right before the concert.
Kokoro: I hope Michelle gets here soon! And Santa, too!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron, did you get a letter back from Santa?
Kokoro: I didn't, did you?
Hagumi: No~. I wonder if he got the message about our party?
Kanon: I-I think we'll be fine there. Maybe he was just too busy and didn't have time to write an answer.
Hagumi: Oh yeah, you have a point! I was worried he didn't get our letter~.
Kaoru: Fufu, perish the thought. Santa wouldn't be so uncouth as to decline a request from such a cute little kitten as yourself.
Kokoro: Okey-dokey, everybody! Let's go check out the stage! Then we can all start putting decorations up in the party space~!
Hagumi: Okay, this is the last thing we need to do before the party! Let's do this~!
Kaoru: Bear witness as my fleeting decorations bring warmth to the hearts of one and all.
Kanon: Misaki-chan, should we get going too?
Misaki: ...
Kanon: ... Hm? What's wrong?
Misaki: What are we gonna do? They're serious. They're actually expecting Santa to show up!
Kanon: It seems like it, doesn't it...?
Misaki: And he's probably... No, definitely not coming.
Misaki: Don't you think we should set things straight while we still can?
Kanon: Set things straight? What do you mean?
Misaki: What do you mean, what do I mean?! You know, Santa, he's not-
Kanon: No, Santa is real.
Misaki: Huh? K-Kanon-san, not you too...
Kanon: Fufufu, don't worry. I think the Santa I'm referring to is a little different from the Santa that Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan are talking about.
Misaki: What do you mean?
Kanon: It sort of came to me when I heard Hagumi-chan's story before... I think there might be a bunch of Santas, all over the world.
Misaki: ... What?
Kanon: All of that love and kindness that we receive on Christmas... Don't you think the people that deliver those feelings to us could be called "Santa?"
Misaki: All the love that we receive on Christmas... Huh.
Kanon: In that case, wouldn't it be fine if Hagumi's Santa smells like croquettes?
Misaki: ...
Kanon: That's why I think Santa is real. Anyone can meet him, and anyone can become him, too.
Misaki: Hagumi's... Santa, huh...?
Kanon: Besides, remember what she said? Her father's coming today...
Misaki: ... Ah.
Kanon: See? Santa really was there that night.
Misaki: Yeah... He was, wasn't he? Oh, that's right, my parents said they're coming, too.
Kanon: Fufu, so did mine.
Kanon: A lot of other people said they'd be bringing their families here too.
Kanon: That's why we need to do our best for today's concert. For all the Santas out there.
Misaki: You know... You've really got a way with words~.
Kokoro: Misaki~! Kanon~! What're you doing? Come on, hurry up~!
Misaki: S-sorry, we'll be right over~! Should we get going?
Kanon: Yeah!
