event98-04 Chapter 3: Memories of Santa

Hagumi discusses the time she saw Santa when she was very young…

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Backyard]

Misaki: What... do you mean by that?
Hagumi: I've never told anyone about it because when I told my friends in elementary school, they all laughed at me. I want you guys to hear this though.
Hagumi: One time when I was little, I went to bed early on Christmas after our party ended, just like always... but I woke up in the middle of the night.
Hagumi: And I saw him...
Kanon: You mean, you saw...
Hagumi: It was kinda dark so I couldn't see that well, but I caught Santa leaving my room!
Hagumi: I thought it was just a dream at first, but there was actually a present by my pillow! That had to be Santa, I'm telling you!
Kokoro: That's amazing, Hagumi! You actually got to meet Santa!
Hagumi: Well, I didn't really meet him. I just saw his back.
Kokoro: Even that is wonderful! I want to see him too! What did he look like?
Hagumi: He was wearing all red, just like in all the picture books! And he was... Hmm~, just about as tall as my daddy!
Misaki: Well, yeah. That makes sense...
Hagumi: Oh, and he had a really big bag, and~... Ah! That's right!
Kaoru: Hagumi, whatever is the matter? Have you remembered something important?
Hagumi: Back then... the room smelled like croquettes!
Kaoru: Oho, croquettes, you say?
Hagumi: Yeah! It didn't smell like that before I went to bed, but it did after Santa visited!
Misaki: (Y-yeah, I feel like the identity of this "Santa" is pretty clear at this point...)
Kokoro: What a strange story. Why would Santa smell like croquettes?
Hagumi: I have no clue...
Hagumi: ... Hm? Wait, could it be...?!
Hagumi: Yeah... I get it now... Santa was... So that's what's been going on this whole time...
Misaki: W-well, you know. It's something everybody's gotta learn eventually...
Hagumi: So Santa is actually...
Hagumi: A huge fan of croquettes!
Misaki: That's what you figured out?!
Hagumi: Santa really likes croquettes, so he couldn't resist munching on a few from the store! That's why he smelled like them!
Kokoro: That's it! Fantastic, Hagumi! That's gotta be the answer, no doubt about it!
Hagumi: Right?! It suddenly came to me after talking about it!
Kokoro: We should start calling you Detective Hagumi now!
Kaoru: Truly a brilliant deduction, Hagumi.
Hagumi: So, what we need to prepare for Santa is...
Hagumi, Kokoro & Kaoru: Croquettes!
Hagumi: We did it! We've figured out something Santa likes! Good job, everyone~!
Misaki: Hold up, why would Santa like croquettes...? What is this reality we live in? Isn't this too weird?
Kanon: W-well... Having a Santa like that is fine, right...?
Kokoro: Alrighty, in that case, we need to make sure we have lots of croquettes ready for Santa on the day of the party!
Hagumi: I'll ask my daddy for help! This'll definitely put a smile on Santa's face, I'm sure of it!
Kaoru: Hagumi, if by chance you are able to meet Santa, what would you tell him?
Hagumi: Hm~, I guess I'd tell him about the time I saw him back when I was little~.
Kokoro: I'd invite him to become a member of Hello, Happy World! With Santa on our side, we could deliver smiles to the entire world!
Hagumi: Whoa~! You think Santa would agree to join us?
Kaoru: Santa would also have to play a musical instrument were he to join our ranks.
Hagumi: We can have him be our keyboardist! We don't have one of those yet.
Kokoro: Good idea! I'm sure Santa would be great at the keyboard!
Misaki: (... Hm? They're talking about Santa in awfully realistic terms right now...)
Misaki: ... Wait. You guys... Are you actually planning on inviting Santa?
Hagumi: ... Huh? What do you mean? We're gonna have a Christmas party with him, aren't we?
Kokoro: Yeah, that's what we've been saying this whole time, isn't it? Misaki, what are you talking about?
Misaki: ...
Misaki: U-um~... Well, yeah, we did talk about it, but... How do I put this...?
Misaki: I thought we were speaking in a more traditional sense. You know, like inviting him in an abstract, spiritual way...
Kokoro: I don't get what you're saying, but I'm impressed by all the hard words you know, Misaki! That was fantastic!
Hagumi: Mii-kun really is smart! You sure impressed me!
Misaki: (Th-they... They're serious about this!)
Misaki: Ah, but what about his schedule? Santa's really busy around this time of year, so it might be hard for him to fit our party in...
Kokoro: Then he can just stop by for a little bit while he's delivering presents! Just to enjoy our concert!
Hagumi: Right! He can just pop in to say hi when he's got a little extra time during work!
Misaki: This isn't a high school club reunion, you know...
Hagumi: Okay, now we need to write letters to Santa to let him know about the Christmas party!
Misaki: They're actually serious... These guys, they're actually planning on inviting Santa... Now what am I gonna do...?
