event98-06 Chapter 5: Unforgettable Christmas Party

A large group has already gathered in the garden, smiles on their faces as they wait for the show to begin.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Before the Christmas Concert]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Backyard]

Kanon: Look at all the people...
Misaki: It's even fuller than a full house...
Kaoru: Not only that, but we've been blessed with snowfall. Even the weather itself wishes to participate in our performance tonight!
Hagumi: Wow, look at that! There's a lot of people that came here with their kids! I wonder if Daddy's here yet? I'm so excited!
Kokoro: Mmm~! Everyone's got such great smiles on their faces!
Hagumi: Once our concert starts, I bet their smiles will get even bigger and bigger!
Kokoro: Christmas really is mysterious, isn't it?! I wonder why it makes everything so much fun!
Hagumi: I thought the same thing! You get all bubbly around Christmas, don't you? It's such a strange feeling!
Misaki: H-hey guys...
Kaoru: Misaki, what ails you? It seems as though there are words you wish to spill, judging from your countenance.
Misaki: Well, I was just thinking about how I don't have any real special Christmas memories.
Hagumi: Huh? You don't?
Misaki: Ah, don't get me wrong. I look forward to Christmas just like everyone else, and I get excited for parties with my family.
Misaki: But that's kinda it. Nothing more, nothing less. I've never had anything like those unforgettable Christmas parties that you've all had.
Kokoro: Fufufu, there you go again with that fancy talking!
Misaki: Well, I guess you might not understand, Kokoro. Christmas to me just means eating cake and fried chicken, watching TV with my family... and then sleeping.
Misaki: Thinking back on them, they were about as average as you could get, as far as Christmas goes.
Misaki: But you know...
Misaki: Santa really exists.
Misaki: It feels weird to say that as a high schooler, but... Yeah, Santa is real.
Misaki: And I think that the fact that I can say that now might be the best Christmas present I've ever gotten.
Misaki: Christmas really is great, huh? I'm glad we got to spend the day together…
Kokoro: So Misaki's unforgettable Christmas party is today! How stupend-erific!
Kokoro: In that case, we need to have as much fun as possible! After all, today only lasts for today!
Hagumi: I agree~! Let's make today the best day ever!
Kanon: I'll never forget today either. It'll stay with me for the rest of my life.
Kaoru: Fufu, Kanon. Are we not getting a little ahead of ourselves? It is not over yet. The day's only just begun!
Misaki: Haha, hahaha... You guys... You really are a riot, you know that?
Misaki: Well then...! Let's get ready for the concert! Oh, I think I'm getting a call from Michelle. I'll go grab her~.
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Before The Concert]

Michelle (Misaki): We're up in ten minutes~. Everyone ready~?
Kokoro: Of course we are! You sure were late, Michelle. What took you so long?
Michelle (Misaki): I-I'm sorry. All the snow made it harder for me to get here. I'm ready when you are, though~.
Kanon: Okay. Should we start getting ready then?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, wait a second!
Kanon: Hm? Is something wrong?
Hagumi: I've been watching the crowd for a while now, but it doesn't look like Santa's here yet...
Kokoro: Now that you mention it, that’s true. I haven't seen Santa either. I wonder where he is.
Kaoru: So our guest of honor is absent... I do not think Santa is the type to betray your expectations. However...
Hagumi: What do we do...? We can't start the show without Santa...
Kokoro: Maybe he's lost?
Hagumi: What?!
Kokoro: I drew a map for Santa on the letter I sent just in case, but maybe he didn't know how to read it.
Kaoru: There is also the snow to consider. If it caused even Michelle to falter, it wouldn't be preposterous to assume that Santa might be caught up in it as well.
Hagumi: That's it! It's gotta be!
Hagumi: Okay, I'm gonna go look for him!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, Hagumi! Wait a second!
Michelle (Misaki): Argh, she's already gone!
Michelle (Misaki): (She said she was gonna look for Santa... How the heck is she gonna do that?!)
Michelle (Misaki): (And we can't start the show without her...)
Michelle (Misaki): Oh~... I guess I have no choice...
Michelle (Misaki): Kanon-san, I'm going to get Hagumi. We'll be back soon, so make sure everyone's all ready for the show!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan...?!
