event98-03 Chapter 2: Hagumi's Feelings

In the following days, the stage is completed in the garden of the Tsurumaki residence. Everyone gazes at it in awe…

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Backyard]

Misaki: ... Uh, what's this?
Kokoro: It's our concert stage, of course. Is there something weird about it?
Misaki: Hold on, it's not about whether it's weird or not. Why is this here in the first place?
Kokoro: This is, you know, for that. After I said we were gonna do a Christmas party, the suits made it for us.
Misaki: You say that like it's no big deal...
Kaoru: The amount of stage lights we have here far exceeds that of the average live house.
Misaki: Yeah, what's with the scale of everything here? Is this a music festival?
Hagumi: They made us such an amazing stage... Make sure you thank the suits for us, okay?
Misaki: You want her to tell them? Come on, do it yourself!
Kokoro: They made a party space for us over there, too! Once our concert's over, we can have fun with all the guests!
Misaki: ... You know, for starting out as a casual Christmas party, this sure turned into quite the event...
Kokoro: Oh yeah, we've got a Christmas tree over there too! Let's all decorate it later!
Misaki: By Christmas tree, you don't mean that thing over there, right? You could only find a pine tree that big in the mountains of Canada...
Kanon: Ahaha... It seems obvious, but... Kokoro-chan's sense of scale really is different from ours, huh...?
Misaki: What high schoolers hold Christmas parties like this...?
Hagumi: Now all that's left is to find something that will make Santa happy, and our party preparations will be done!
Misaki: Isn't this enough? Look at everything we've prepared already. Surely Santa would be happy with this.
Hagumi: But... we wanna make Santa smile, right? I don't think we should skip out on preparing his favorite things.
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems Hagumi and I are of the same mind. There is still plenty of time left in our hourglass. Let us continue brainstorming until Hagumi is satisfied.
Kaoru: Your worries are our worries, after all.
Hagumi: Thanks, Kaoru-kun! I'll keep thinking until I come up with something good! And I'll need your help!
Kanon: By the way, what's Christmas like at your house, Kaoru-san? I can't really imagine.
Hagumi: Oh, I wanna know too! I might find some sort of hint there!
Kaoru: Christmas at my house, eh...? Hm... Well, there was a time when we invited my friend to partake in a Christmas party with us.
Kokoro: What kind of party?! I'm so curious!
Kaoru: Ah, do not misunderstand. It was as normal a party as you could find. Perhaps the food was a little fancier and the cake a little grander than average, that's all.
Kaoru: After we finished with refreshments, my friend performed the most famous scene from "A Christmas Carol" and was showered in applause.
Kaoru: I still remember her performance from that time. Fufu... Truly breathtaking...
Hagumi: Wow~, that sounds like it was a lot of fun! Aw, I wish I could have a party like that!
Kokoro: What kind of parties do you have, Hagumi?
Hagumi: We usually just celebrate as a family. Plus, I usually want Christmas to come sooner, so I go to bed really early. Our parties always end at around eight o'clock.
Misaki: Eight? Wow, that is early.
Hagumi: Santa only delivers presents when we're sleeping, right? The later I go to bed, the further behind schedule Santa will get! That’s why I try to go to sleep as soon as possible!
Kanon: I see... Fufufu. Hagumi, you've loved Santa ever since you were little, haven't you?
Hagumi: Of course! Santa brings smiles to kids all over the world! Isn't that amazing?
Kokoro: It is! You know, we should have Santa become a member of Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Ah! That's a great idea, Kokoron! I agree!
Misaki: Okay, I get it. Let's keep brainstorming things Santa might like until Hagumi's happy.
Kanon: I'll do some research, as well.
Hagumi: Okay! Thanks, everyone!
Misaki: You know, I'm kind of jealous. You're so passionate about Santa.
Hagumi: Hm? What do you mean, Mii-kun?
Misaki: How should I put this...? I was pretty cynical even as a kid, so I never really took Santa that seriously.
Misaki: I never wanted to talk to Santa or wondered what kind of stuff he liked...
Misaki: ... Still, somewhere deep down, a part of me was jealous of those kids that took Santa so seriously...
Misaki: I'd wonder... how I ended up so cynical...
Hagumi: Hm~, I don't really get it... but don't you think it's probably because you've never met him before?
Misaki: Yeah, I guess that's true. If I'd actually met Santa, I never would've had to think about all that complicated stuff.
Hagumi: Exactly!
Hagumi: I mean, after all...
Hagumi: When I was a kid... I actually met Santa!
All: What?!
