event98-01 Opening: Let's Party!

Today's Hello, Happy World! band meeting begins with the lively sound of poppers going off.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Kokoro: Alrighty, is everyone here? Okay, then let's start the Hello, Happy World! band meeting! Everyone have your poppers?
Hagumi: Mii-kun, here you go. Okay, all ready! Kokoron, everybody's got one~!
Kokoro: Okay, then on three! One, two!
Kokoro: Mmm~, I just love that sound! Anyone that has something they want to say, raise your hand!
Misaki: Then can I start? Can we quit with the party poppers at the beginnings of these meetings? They aren't parties in the first place.
Kokoro: Oh? I don't think parties and meetings are all that different though. We get to have fun either way!
Kaoru: Indeed, Kokoro. Using party poppers to raise the curtains on meetings is a truly inspired idea! I absolutely must try it at our theater club meetings.
Misaki: Kanon-san, c'mon, back me up here~.
Kanon: Fufufu, I like them. I think they do a good job of setting the mood. Besides, it's almost Christmas, and they're nice and festive.
Misaki: Kanon-san, don't you think those three have been rubbing off on you a little too much lately? This has nothing to do with Christmas.
Hagumi: Oh yeah~. It's almost Christmas! I gotta make sure I write my letter to Santa~.
Kanon: Hagumi-chan, do you write to Santa every year?
Hagumi: Yeah! Santa delivers presents to kids all around the world, right? I gotta thank him for all his hard work!
Kaoru: Ah, you truly are a kind-hearted kitten, Hagumi. I'm sure that Santa must be fueled by such benevolent letters as yours.
Hagumi: Really?! I sure hope so~! I've still got a bunch of stuff to get ready~. There's still the tree and the stockings~...
Misaki: You're really into this, huh...?
Hagumi: Of course I am~! It's Christmas! Mii-kun, don't you do a lotta stuff for Christmas?
Misaki: Me? Not really~. I eat cake and stuff with my family, I guess.
Kanon: Fufufu, Christmas really is fun for all ages, isn't it?
Kokoro: I know! How about we have a Christmas party at my house?!
Kokoro: Christmas only comes around once a year, after all! We should make it a super-duper fun party with Santa!
Hagumi: What?! Is that okay?! Let's do it~♪
Kaoru: Fufu, what a delightful idea, Kokoro. I cannot think of any reason under the sun as to why I would be opposed.
Kanon: I think it's a good idea, too. It sounds like a lot of fun to have a party with everyone. What do you think, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Eh, I guess I'm down. It's not like I've got anything special planned anyway, and at least I can relax around you guys.
Hagumi: Wow, then we're all agreed! Yay~! Alright, if we're gonna do a party with Santa, we've gotta get him something he'll like, too!
Kokoro: Of course! We're Hello, Happy World! Putting a smile on Santa's face is part of our job!
Kokoro: Does anyone know what Santa would like?
Kanon: Ah, at our house, we always put out milk and cookies on Christmas Eve before we go to bed.
Hagumi: Why milk and cookies?
Kanon: We leave them under the tree as thanks for all the presents that he gives us. I heard that Santa really likes milk and cookies.
Hagumi: Oh~, that's awesome! We've never done that at my house~.
Kanon: Apparently, it’s a standard tradition overseas.
Misaki: Wait, so do you still do that even now?
Kanon: Y-yeah... We've done it since I was little, so now it feels weirder not to do it...
Kokoro: I've never heard of that before! Then it's settled, let's get a whole bunch of milk and cookies ready for Santa!
Hagumi: Hmm...
Kaoru: A penny for your thoughts, Hagumi. Is there something you find disagreeable with our plan?
Hagumi: No, I think it's a good idea to put out stuff that Santa likes... It's just that a lot of people must put out milk and cookies for him, right...?
Hagumi: Won't Santa get super thirsty from all the cookies he eats? His tummy must get grumbly from all that milk, too...
Kaoru: I see, grumbly and thirsty, you say... That certainly never crossed my mind.
Hagumi: I have a feeling Santa might be happier if we got him something a little different.
Kokoro: Hagumi, you're right! We're not doing this to meet a grumbly, thirsty Santa. We want to meet a smiley, happy Santa!
Misaki: Jeez... I can't believe how thoughtful you guys are. You're even thinking about Santa's feelings.
Hagumi: Is there anything else that would make Santa happy? Kano-chan-senpai, do you have any ideas?
Kanon: Hm~, I can't think of anything else... Oh!
Kanon: Eve-chan might know something. I've heard Santa's workshop is in Finland, after all.
Hagumi: Oh, yeah! That's right! Then let's ask Eve-chin tomorrow!
Kokoro: Fufufu! It sounds like we're going to have a super-duper fun-tastic party together! I can't wait to spend it with everyone~!
All: Yeah!
