event98-02 Chapter 1: Music of a Fleeting Night

At school, Hagumi talks to Eve about the party. What happens when they ask around to find out what Santa likes…?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Hagumi: ... So we all decided to have a Christmas party at Kokoron's house this year♪
Eve: I think that is wonderful! I am sure that a Christmas party with Hello, Happy World! will be very lively and fun!
Hagumi: You're invited too, of course, Eve-chin! I'll invite more people later!
Eve: Thank you very much. I will ask everyone in Pastel＊Palettes later!
Hagumi: Oh yeah! I actually wanted to ask you something about the party.
Eve: Yes, what is it? If there is anything I can do, I will be glad to help!
Hagumi: Do you know what Santa likes? We want to prepare something for him for our party...
Eve: Santa likes milk and cookies!
Hagumi: Ah~... Well, there's that, but... can you think of anything else?
Eve: Hm~... I do not think I have heard of anything else... Oh! There is one thing!
Hagumi: Oh! What is it?!
Eve: We put out milk and cookies for Santa, but we also prepared carrots for his reindeer!
Hagumi: Carrots?! Oh, I get it! We can't forget about the reindeer, either!
Hagumi: I was so focused on Santa that I completely forgot about his reindeer! Thanks, Eve-chin!
Eve: Fufufu, I hope you have a very fun party!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Restaurant]

Kanon: I see~. I've never thought of preparing something for the reindeer before~.
Misaki: I guess that's the home of Santa for you, huh?
Hagumi: Then we're all settled on the reindeer, right? We still have to think of what we wanna get for Santa, though~...
Misaki: Hm... We don't really do any of that kinda stuff at my place...
Kaoru: Tell me, dear Kokoro, how do you spend this joyous holiday? Christmas at the Tsurumaki household must be a truly glorious spectacle...
Misaki: Yeah. I'm pretty curious about what goes down at Kokoro's place during Christmas, too.
Kokoro: I think we're pretty normal, though.
Kokoro: We decorated a Christmas tree and wrote letters to Santa.
Misaki: Hm, yeah, that's pretty normal. Anything else?
Kokoro: Let's see... Well, there are Christmas carols and instruments, too.
Misaki: Carols and instruments... Wow, it really does sound pretty normal.
Kanon: Fufu, I bet Kokoro must have been very cute playing instruments and singing as a kid.
Kokoro: I think you call them orchestras, right? A bunch of people brought their instruments to play, so it was super fun!
Misaki: Wait, an orchestra? That's a bit bigger than the scale I was picturing...
Kokoro: Oh yeah, and I think I saw the person who came to sing on the news recently! Maybe they came back to Japan to sing at a different party.
Kanon: ... So they're foreign artists, then...
Misaki: I knew it. That's not normal at all...
Hagumi: Kokoron, you're amazing! You've had such amazing Christmas parties since you were little!
Kokoro: You think so? Well, I'm looking forward to this year's party the most! It's going to be with all of you, after all!
Misaki: U-um, by the way... You didn't invite the orchestra this year, right?
Kokoro: I didn't. Should I?
Misaki: No no no, you don't have to!
Kaoru: However...
Hagumi: Hm? What's up, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: A dazzling party without any musical accompaniment seems a tad bland, does it not?
Kokoro: That's true.
Hagumi: Oh, then I've got an idea! What if we all put on a concert?
Misaki: ... Huh?
Hagumi: Hello, Happy World! will do a Christmas concert at the Christmas party! Don't you think it's perfect?!
Kokoro: That's it! Hagumi, you're amazing!
Misaki: Wait, hold up... What? Then who's gonna listen to our concert? There's not gonna be anyone else there.
Kanon: Well... There's Santa.
Misaki: Yeah, no...
Hagumi: Of course we'll have Santa listen to our concert, but while we're at it, how about we invite a whole bunch of people? The more the merrier, right?!
Kaoru: Hagumi, as always, you're truly a shining beacon of inspiration in the darkness! Fufu, I believe we've reached a consensus. Let us begin preparations posthaste.
Kokoro: Misaki! Let's write a new song for the concert!
Hagumi: We have to get a venue ready, too!
Kanon: L-looks like things suddenly got a lot harder...
Misaki: This was supposed to be a nice, relaxing party with friends... Why does everything Hello, Happy World! does end up like this~...?
