event159-07 Ending: To Become Someone Who Can Shine

Tsukushi has discovered what she can do now. What could it be...?

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[1 Week Later]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Allow me to repeat your order. You would like a coffee and a Pao de Lo. Is that correct?
Tsukushi: I have a customer order! One Pao de Lo!
Moca: Oh man~, the new sweet are a major hit~.
Moca: When you cut the sponge cake with a fork, cream comes pouring out~... It's out of this world~.
Chisato: Yes, it was very delicious. The texture is quite like castella.
Tsugumi: It's the Portuguese version of castella. Tsukushi-chan told me about it!
Moca: Ho ho~, you're pretty knowledgeable, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: Ehehe... I've been making sweets since I was a kid.
Tsukushi: Sometimes I go on trips overseas with my family! When I do, I also eat and study the sweets of the places we go!
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan showed me pictures of the sweets she made, and they were such good quality, you could sell them in a store.
Eve: She showed me as well, and they were all superb!
Eve: Tsukushi-san's knowledge of sweets is the pride of Hazawa Coffee!
Tsukushi: Fufu... When Tsugumi-senpai was trying to think of new sweets, that's when I realized something!
Tsukushi: I knew that this was something I could do!
Moca: Dearie me, who knew that Tsu-chan had such a latent talent~.
Moca: Now Hazawa Coffee is in good hands~.
Tsugumi: Thanks to Tsukushi-chan, I think our customers will be able to enjoy sweets we've never had in the café before.
Chisato: Fufu, I'm looking forward to it.
Tsukushi: (Thank goodness... It finally feels like I'm useful to the café.)
Tsukushi: (I just have to keep building up the things I can do a little at a time. If I do, I should be able to achieve my goal, right?)
Tsukushi: (I'll become someone that can hold their head up and shine!)
Customer: Excuse me~! Could I have a refill of coffee please?
Eve: Certainly!  Please give me a moment, and I shall bring it to you!
Moca: Could I trouble you for a refill of coffee as well~?
Tsugumi: Okay, sounds good. I'll go brew some right now.
Tsukushi: Ah, Tsugumi-senpai! Please allow me to make that coffee!
Tsugumi: ...? But my dad will take care of that...
Tsukushi: I practiced at home, so it's okay. I even brewed some coffee for my mom yesterday!
Tsukushi: I want to increase the number of things I can do one at a time. Please give me that chance!
Moca: I don't mind, so why not let her give it a shot~?
Tsugumi: If Moca-chan says so... Okay. Tsukushi-chan, if you please.
Tsukushi: Okay! I'll be right back...!
Chisato: Will she really be okay...?
Eve: I am certain she will be! Tsukushi-san has been working hard since that day.
Tsugumi: She went through special training with Eve-chan, and she has been making progress with the things she wasn't able to do.
Tsugumi: Nowadays I can ask her to take care of everything in the café.
Chisato: I see. That is reassuring. But... it also makes me feel somewhat sad.
Moca: Yeah, I get you. I don't think I'll be able to go without hearing Tsu-chan's panicked voice~.
Tsugumi: Fufu-
Tsukushi: Ah, agh~!
Tsugumi, Eve, Moca & Chisato: ...
Chisato: What was that just now...?
Moca: That was Tsu-chan screaming~.
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, are you okay...?!
Eve: What happened?!
Chisato: It would seem that it may take a bit more time before she is able to handle everything in the café.
Moca: Well, let's just take things slow~.
Tsukushi: Ngh, I'm sorry~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
