event159-04 Chapter 3: Moca's Usual

It's Tsukushi's second day at work. Who steps through the door of Hazawa Coffee...?!

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: I'm looking forward to working with you again today!
Tsugumi: Same here. Fufu, you're really energetic, Tsukushi-chan.
Tsukushi: It's thanks to the bath bomb you gave me! It smelled so nice and was really soothing.
Tsugumi: I'm glad you liked it. Eve-chan has work with Pastel＊Palettes today, so we'll be handling things together, okay?
Tsukushi: Sounds good! We can do it!
Tsukushi: Welcome! ... Ah, Moca-senpai!
Moca: Hiya~. Looks like you're workin' hard~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, welcome. That bag... Did you go to Yamabuki Bakery?
Moca: You got it. Their summer sale started today~.
Moca: All the buns were half-priced, so I felt like I was dreaming~. When it comes to summer, buns can't be beat~.
Tsukushi: Moca-senpai, please come this way! I will lead you to a seat.
Moca: Alrighty~.
Tsukushi: Here is a menu. Please call me once you have decided on your order.
Moca: Okay... Tsu-chan, how long have you been working so far?
Tsukushi: This is my second day...
Moca: You're pretty skilled for just your second day~. I was surprised~.
Tsukushi: R-really?
Tsugumi: Fufu, she really helped out a lot yesterday as well.
Moca: Ho ho~, just what you'd expect from someone scouted by Moca-chan~.
Tsukushi: Ehehe...
Moca: Now then. I wonder what I should order~.
Tsukushi: Today's recommended sweets are the yuzu and honey sherbet, as well as the no-bake cheesecake!
Moca: I see, I see... Those both sound good~. But I think I'll go with my usual~.
Tsukushi: Y-your usual?
Moca: Could it be that you don't know my usual order? But ol' Moca-chan here is a regular... Tsugu's been careless in her supervision~.
Tsukushi: N-not at all! I just didn't ask her about it, so it's not her fault.
Tsugumi: It's okay, Tsukushi-chan. Moca-chan doesn't have a usual order.
Tsukushi: Huh?
Tsugumi: Moca-chan, quit teasing her.
Moca: Sorry~. I figured Tsu-chan would give me a good reaction~.
Tsukushi: Umm...
Moca: Now then, let's start over... I'll have the pancakes and an iced coffee~.
Tsukushi: U-understood! An order of pancakes and an iced coffee. I will bring them out to you right away!
Tsugumi's Mom: Tsugumi, could you come here for a second? I'm busy right now, so cut up this cake for me.
Tsugumi: Okay~! Tsukushi-chan, take care of the café, okay?
Moca: Hey, Tsu-chan. How does it feel doing your long sought-after part-time job~?
Tsukushi: It's really rewarding! Tsugumi-senpai, Eve-senpai, and the customers are all so kind. I'm so glad that I was invited to work here the other day.
Moca: I see~. I'm glad to hear it~.
Tsukushi: Ah, the phone...
Moca: I'm sure it's for the café~. Shouldn't you call Tsugu?
Tsukushi: It's okay! I had my dad teach me how to answer the phone as well!
Tsukushi: Yes, this is Tsukushi.
Moca: ... Huh?
Tsukushi: Hm? ... Agh~!
Tsukushi: I-I'm sorry! You've reached Hazawa Coffee...!
Tsukushi: (I made a mistake~! Ngh, I answered the phone like I was at home...!)
Moca: Tsu-chan, relax~. Just take deep breaths~.
Tsukushi: (Sh-she's right, I need to calm down... Breathe in, and out. Okay... Huh? What was I supposed to do after this?!)
Moca: You have to ask why the person is calling~.
Tsukushi: ...! Um, may I ask why you are calling? Okay, you'd like a seat reservation... for an hour from now...
Tsukushi: Understood! We will be awaiting your arrival!
Tsukushi: Phew... Moca-senpai, thank you so much.
Moca: Don't sweat it~.
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, is everything okay...?
Tsukushi: Y-yes! Saito-san from the dry cleaners said they will be coming in an hour.
Tsugumi: They want us to save them a seat, right? Got it. I'll tell my dad.
Tsukushi: Please do.
Tsugumi: Also, I'll handle the phone from now on, okay? We'll have you take care of it once you've gotten a little more used to things.
Tsukushi: Ngh... Okay.
Tsukushi: (Sigh, I messed up again... I was sure I'd be able to handle a simple phone call, so why did I fail at it...?)
Tsukushi: (Ah. Tsugumi-senpai's parents are looking at me worriedly from the kitchen... I-I have to redeem myself!)
Tsugumi: Dad, this roll cake was ordered by the customer sitting by the window, right?
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai! I'll carry that cake!
Tsugumi: Huh? O-okay. Then I guess I'll leave it to you.
Tsukushi: Please do! It's for the customer by the window, right? I'll be right back...!
Tsukushi: Thank you for waiting! Here is the cake you ordered!
Customer: I didn't order that...
Tsukushi: Huh?
Tsugumi: Ts-Tsukushi-chan! It's the customer by the window towards the back!
Tsukushi: M-my apologies~!
Moca: Oh no...
Tsukushi: (Ngh, I was hoping to impress everyone~!)
