event159-01 Opening: What I Want to Try

Tsukushi and the others are at the atelier. Everyone seems to be enjoying summer vacation...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Good work, everyone! Why don't we end today's practice here?
Toko: Sigh~, today was totally awesome too~. My guitar felt super on point!
Nanami: Fufu, you're still so energetic, Toko-chan~. You were spinning around so much during practice, though.
Tsukushi: She's right. Your movements seemed bigger than normal. Did something good happen?
Toko: More like there's gonna be something good after this.
Nanami: Oh~, what is it? Tell us, Toko-chan~.
Toko: Well, you see~... I'm having a barbecue after this!
Nanami: A barbecue...! That's on my list of things I want to try~.
Mashiro: Where are you having it?
Toko: At our villa! We go every now and then during summer breaks~.
Mashiro: A villa...
Rui: Kurata-san, what is the matter?
Mashiro: Um, I'm just amazed that she has a villa...
Toko: Ask me about the barbecue instead of that! My friends and I have one every year, and it's super fun!
Nanami: Nice~. You're really making the most of your summer break, aren't you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Well, duh. If I didn't, I'd feel bad for the break!
Toko: What about all of you? Aren't you doing anything for summer break?
Nanami: I think I'll have my part-time job~. Lots of customers come during the summer, so we're busy every day.
Tsukushi: If I recall, there were a lot of people yesterday as well.
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan, did you go to the restaurant again yesterday? Didn't you go last week?
Nanami: Tsu-chan's one of our regular customers. She drops by every week~.
Toko: What? Isn't that a bit too much? Fusuke, you have way too much time on your hands.
Tsukushi: I do not! I'm just interested, that's all!
Rui: What do you mean?
Tsukushi: I was actually thinking of getting a part-time job too.
Mashiro: Really?!
Tsukushi: When I was younger, I saw my dad when he was working, and he was so cool.
Tsukushi: Since then, I've always wanted to try working like him.
Toko: In that case, you should've gotten one sooner.
Tsukushi: I know, but... there aren't many Tsukinomori students that have part-time jobs, right?
Tsukushi: After Nanami-chan started hers, that sort of gave me the idea to get one...
Nanami: Does that mean I influenced you? Wow, what an honor~.
Mashiro: Have you decided what kind of part-time job you'll do?
Tsukushi: Uh~, about that... I'm checking different places, but I'm having trouble deciding.
Rui: Can you not work at the restaurant Hiromachi-san works at?
Nanami: We would love to have you, Tsu-chan! Except we're not looking for new hires right now~.
Rui: In that case, what about your father's business? I believe he operates a restaurant.
Tsukushi: If I can help it, I'd rather not~. All of the staff seem like they would fuss over me.
Nanami: You have a point. Some people might not be able to relax if the owner's daughter started working there.
Toko: Hmm... More importantly, Fusuke, would you even be able to work a part-time job?
Tsukushi: Huh? What does that mean?
Toko: You just seem like you'd totally fail at it. Like you'd drop and break stuff, or get a customer's order wrong.
Tsukushi: N-no I wouldn't! You don't know what you're talking about, Toko-chan~. I would obviously be able to do things perfectly!
Toko: Really~? I can't picture it~. Are you sure you can handle a part-time job?
Tsukushi: G-grrr~...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Tsukushi: I swear! Toko-chan is just so rude. She doesn't know anything about me...!
Moca: Ah, it's Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: ...! Tsugumi-senpai and Moca-senpai!
Tsugumi: Hello, Tsukushi-chan. Umm... Did something happen?
Tsukushi: Huh? Did you hear me just now...?
Tsugumi: I'm sorry. We weren't trying to eavesdrop... You can talk to us about it if you want.
Tsugumi: Ah, you don't have to force yourself, of course. I just thought you might feel better talking to someone.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai...
Tsukushi: Thank you so much! ... To tell you the truth...
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: I see... So that's what happened.
Tsukushi: Yes! That's why I definitely have to prove Toko-chan wrong!
Moca: You're so fired up~. I can totally feel your gung-ho spirit, Tsu-chan~.
Moca: Tsugu, why don't you try asking her about that one thing~?
Tsugumi: Actually, I was just thinking that.
Tsukushi: What are you talking about?
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, if you haven't found a part-time job yet, why not try our café?
Tsukushi: Do you mean... Hazawa Coffee?
Tsugumi: Yeah. Eve-chan's gotten busy with her idol work, so she's had to cut back on her shifts.
Tsugumi: So we were looking for someone to fill in for her. If you wanted to, it would help us out...
Moca: I'd appreciate it too~. Tsugu's been in a fix since they can't seem to find anyone~.
Moca: Please save Hazawa Coffee, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: I'd be saving it...!
Tsukushi: I'll do it! Please let me work part-time at your café!
Tsugumi: Really?! Thank you, Tsukushi-chan!
Moca: Isn't that great, Tsugu~? Hurrah for our goddess, Tsu-chan~.
Tsukushi: (Nngh, they're really counting on me! Toko-chan said I couldn't handle a part-time job, but I definitely can!)
Tsukushi: (Okay~, time to do my best~!)
