event159-06 Chapter 5: One Step at a Time

Tsukushi is feeling down after her failures during lunch. Seeing how Tsukushi is doing, what does Tsugumi do...?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Tsugumi-san, I am sorry that I cannot help with closing the café.
Tsugumi: Don't worry about it. You've got work early tomorrow morning.
Eve: Um, about Tsukushi-san...
Tsugumi: Yeah. I'm planning on talking to her later.
Eve: Understood... I shall buy all of you souvenirs! Please excuse me!
Tsukushi: ... Sigh.
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, do you have time to talk a little after this?
Tsukushi: Yes, that's not a problem...
Tsugumi: Thank goodness. In that case, how about we clean up quickly?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee - Kitchen]

Tsukushi: (I wonder what she wants to talk to me about...)
Tsugumi: Sorry to keep you waiting~. Here... have this.
Tsukushi: Ah, some cake.
Tsugumi: My dad said it's a thank-you gift because today was busier than normal. Here, have some tea as well.
Tsukushi: Thank you very much...
Tsugumi: Okay then, let's eat. Thank you for the food.
Tsukushi: Thank you for the food...
Tsukushi: ...! It's good... This is so delicious!
Tsugumi: Fufu...
Tsukushi: ...? Tsugumi-senpai, is something the matter?
Tsugumi: No, I was just thinking that you finally smiled.
Tsukushi: Ah...
Tsugumi: Lunchtime was rough, huh?
Tsukushi: ... Yeah. I never thought that things would turn out like that.
Tsukushi: I really have to reflect on my actions. Next time I have to be more careful. Sigh...
Tsugumi: You're so remarkable, Tsukushi-chan. You never put yourself down no matter what.
Tsukushi: Huh?
Tsugumi: Long ago, I used to talk badly about myself, saying things like "someone like me."
Tsugumi: So I think it's cool that you make sure to believe in yourself.
Tsukushi: Th-thank you very much. You're right... I do want to believe in myself.
Tsukushi: I want to be someone that shines as they proudly state what they can do.
Tsugumi: What do you mean?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: I'm surrounded by nothing but amazing people. Everyone is just so sparkly and has some skill that they can take pride in.
Tsukushi: The sight of them is just so cool... So that's why I push myself.
Tsugumi: I know how you feel~. I'm surrounded by amazing people too.
Tsugumi: I'm always so desperate to keep up with them.
Tsukushi: Really? ... That's kind of unexpected. I thought that you always managed things with ease.
Tsugumi: Not at all~. There are times where I push myself too much and end up failing.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: But once I started thinking about what that I can and can't do right now, I feel like I've gotten closer to the me I want to be. I've still got a ways to go though.
Tsukushi: What do you mean...?
Tsugumi: For example, when you first decide to start a band, you're not perfect right away, right?
Tsugumi: First, you have to learn how to play your instrument part, and even then, it's not like you're able to play it right from the get go.
Tsugumi: By clearing a lot of small hurdles before you get to the big hurdle, you increase the number of tasks you can do a little at a time.
Tsukushi: So there are many small hurdles to face before you get to the big one...
Tsugumi: I bet one of the small hurdles you recently cleared was how to handle a tray, right?
Tsukushi: Huh...?
Tsugumi: I mean, you were perfect when you served and cleared food yesterday and today.
Tsugumi: So the next small hurdle you'll face is being able to take orders during the lunchtime shift, right?
Tsugumi: If you just keep increasing the things that you can do, you'll eventually be able to handle the café work perfectly.
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: (I see... I might have been too focused on being perfect from the very start.)
Tsukushi: (But in order to be perfect, I have to be able to do a variety of tasks...)
Tsukushi: (First, I have to figure out the things I can do now. Then, if I increase those one by one...)
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai, thank you very much! You've gotten rid of all my frustrations. I feel so much better!
Tsugumi: Really? Thank goodness~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I went on for a bit too long. Our tea might've gotten cold.
Tsukushi: Ah, in that case, I'll just go warm up our tea agai- Hm?
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai. Are you not going to put away that cookware?
Tsugumi: I'll be using that after this. I was thinking of researching some new sweets.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it, that's what you told Moca-senpai...
Tsukushi: ... Um, Tsugumi-senpai.
Tsugumi: Hm? What is it?
Tsukushi: Please let me help you make sweets!
