event159-05 Chapter 4: Tsukushi & Tsugumi's Similarity

Tsukushi is determined to do her job perfectly. However, lunchtime begins, and it's her first time...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: (Sigh... I've just been making mistakes since I started this part-time job. Maybe Toko-chan was right. It's impossible for me...)
Tsukushi: (... No, I can't be like this! It won't do me any good to get depressed!)
Tsukushi: (I can do this! Today I have to do things perfectly so I can prove that!)
Tsugumi: Wow, they have so many.
Eve: Amazing! There is a variety of options to choose from!
Moca: Apparently they opened last week~. Did you know about this, Tsu-chan~?
Tsukushi: ...? About what?
Moca: A popular café recently opened near the station~. Take a look at this flyer~. They've got an amazing variety of cakes~.
Tsukushi: ... You're right! They have more than thirty kinds.
Tsugumi: I wonder how someone could think of this many... Maybe I'll go check it out next time.
Moca: Judging by the twinkle in your eye, I bet your Tsugurific switch has flipped on~.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Actually, my mom was saying she wanted to add to the sweets menu.
Tsugumi: And now this flyer has given me the motivation I need. Moca-chan, thanks for telling me!
Eve: Tsugumi-san is surging with bushido! How wonderful!
Tsukushi: Bushido...?
Eve: Ah, welcome!
Moca: Oh~, customers are pourin' in~.
Tsugumi: That's because it's almost time for lunch. Speaking of which, Tsukushi-chan, this is your first lunchtime shift, right?
Tsukushi: Yes. Until yesterday, I was working from the afternoon.
Tsugumi: Then, for lunchtime, could I ask you to focus on serving and clearing food?
Tsukushi: Huh...? Just that?
Tsugumi: Lunchtime can get surprisingly crowded. So I thought you should focus on one thing for your first time.
Tsukushi: I see... Okay.
(Black cut)

[Lunchtime]

Tsukushi: Thank you for waiting. Here is your orange juice and pancakes. Please enjoy your meal!
Tsukushi: (I think I've finished serving everything that's been prepared. Is it really okay for me to be the only one to just serve and clear food?)
Tsukushi: (Things do seem really busy, but... if it's just taking orders, then I should be able to help out.)
Customer A: Excuse me~. I'd like to order.
Tsukushi: Yes~! Someone will be right there! Tsugumi-senpai and Eve-senpai are...
Tsugumi: Allow me to repeat your order. You would like the A lunch set with an iced coffee. Is that correct?
Eve: That will be one B lunch set with an iced tea. Understood!
Tsukushi: (The two of them seem busy... Okay, in that case...!)
Tsukushi: My apologies. Thank you for waiting! I will take your order!
Customer A: I would like the cheese gratin and a grapefruit juice. And for dessert, please give me the chocolate cake.
Customer B: I'll have the spaghetti with meat sauce and an apple cider!
Tsukushi: Very well. To repeat your order, for your meals, you would like the cheese gratin and the spaghetti with meat sauce. For dessert-
Customer A: Ah, wait! Actually, I think I might want the dry curry~.
Customer B: I know what you mean~. Maybe I should cancel the spaghetti with meat sauce and go for the pizza toast~.
Tsukushi: So would you like to change your order?
Customer A: I will go with the dry curry... No, make that the macaroni gratin with shrimp! And please change the chocolate cake to a pound cake. Ah, for my drink, I'll take an iced coffee!
Customer B: In that case, I'll have the omelet rice! And for dessert, add on an orange sherbet. And for my drink, I'd like an iced tea!
Tsukushi: (Wait, I can't take all of that in at once...!)
Customer C: Um~, excuse me~. We've been calling for service for a bit now. When will you be coming to take our order?
Tsukushi: Huh...? M-my apologies! I'll be right there...!
Tsukushi: (Wh-what do I do...?! Where do I start...?! More importantly, what did these people order again...?!)
Tsugumi: ... I'm sorry. Could I please hear your order once more?
Customer A: Ah, okay.
Eve: I am sorry to have kept you waiting! Allow me to take your order!
Customer C: Umm, I'd like the cheese doria and...
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai... Eve-senpai...
Tsugumi: Leave this to us, okay? I think the next food order should be about ready, so could I ask you to take care of that?
Tsukushi: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi: (... I... wasn't able to handle things again...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve & Tsugumi: Thank you very much! Please come again!
Eve: Phew, things have finally calmed down. Today's lunch service seemed busier than normal.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you said it.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai, Eve-senpai... Um, I'm sorry for earlier.
Tsugumi: It's okay. It was your first lunchtime shift, so you couldn't help it.
Tsugumi: I'm sure you wanted to do something because Eve-chan and I were busy, right?
Tsukushi: Yes...
Eve: Tsukushi-san, your thoughtfulness is truly incredible!
Tsugumi: Also, it was a big help that you handled serving and clearing the food after that.
Tsugumi: I'm certain that if you hadn't been here, we wouldn't have gotten through lunchtime. So really, thank you.
Tsukushi: ... Thank you very much. I'll go help with the washing.
Eve: Ah, Tsukushi-san! Please wait...!
Moca: Looks like Tsu-chan's taking things pretty hard~.
Tsugumi: Yeah... There's still a lot of things she's not used to yet, so she really shouldn't worry about it.
Moca: The two of you are kinda similar~.
Tsugumi: We are?
Moca: Both of you work way too hard~. Except in your case, it feels like you've got more leeway than in the past~.
Tsugumi: You think so? I still get frantic with a lot of tasks. But... I might be able to handle more now compared to before.
Moca: In that case, why don't you tell her how you do it~?
Moca: The time has come for you to impart your Tsugurific path to Tsu-chan now that things aren't going well despite her efforts~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, what does that even mean? But in that case, I think I might be able to talk to her.
Tsugumi: Thanks, Moca-chan.
Moca: You and I are friends~. Don't even worry about it~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
