event159-02 Chapter 1: A Challenge! Hazawa Coffee

Tsukushi begins her part-time job at Hazawa Coffee. Thanks to having studied beforehand, everything looks like it will go smoothly. However...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: My name is Tsukushi Futaba, and I will be joining you starting today. I will do my absolute best, and I look forward to working with you!
Tsugumi: We look forward to working with you too. Let's give it our all!
Eve: It is good to have you with us! Tsukushi-san, please allow me to give you a welcome hug!
Tsukushi: Huh, a hug?!
Tsugumi: Eve-chan, you'll scare the customers, so you might want to hold off while the café is open.
Eve: Ah! M-my apologies. I was just so happy that Tsukushi-san came...
Tsugumi: You've been waiting to see her this whole time, after all.
Tsukushi: Really?
Tsugumi: Eve-chan was worried that she'd cause us trouble by cutting back on her shifts.
Tsugumi: So when it was decided you'd come work for us, she was really happy.
Eve: Tsukushi-san, you have dispelled my uncertainty! I swear on my name as a warrior that I shall absolutely repay this favor!
Tsukushi: A w-warrior...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Now then, shall we begin? Tsukushi-chan, I'll explain the entire process.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: Then, once you take an order, you relay it to the kitchen. When the order comes out, you carry it to the customer, and you're done.
Tsukushi: Hmm, I see...
Tsugumi: That was a rough explanation, but did you get it? If there was something you didn't understand, feel free to ask any questions.
Tsukushi: I'm fine! That's the exact same thing I heard from my dad.
Eve: Your father...?
Tsukushi: My dad runs a restaurant. So I had him explain different things to me ahead of time.
Tsukushi: I already have the process down perfectly! Please leave it to me!
Eve: Tsukushi-san, it is magnificent that you would study beforehand!
Tsukushi: Ehehe... Thank you very much!
Tsugumi: Well then, why don't you give it a try when a customer comes in?
Tsukushi: Okay!
Tsukushi: (My part-time job is finally beginning... Alright~!)
Tsukushi: (Someone's here!)
Chisato: Hello.
Eve: Ah, Chisato-san! Welcome!
Tsukushi: Welcome! I shall lead you to a seat! Please come this way...!
Chisato: Oh my, Tsukushi-chan. Eve-chan told me you would be working here. So today was your first day.
Tsukushi: Yes, I look forward to serving you! Have you decided what you would like to order?
Chisato: Let me see... May I have some Earl Grey tea?
Tsukushi: Thank you for your order! Please wait for a moment, and I shall bring it out to you right away!
Tsukushi: I have a customer order! One Earl Grey tea!
Tsugumi: You're amazing, Tsukushi-chan! That was so good, it's hard to imagine it's your first time!
Eve: Yes, it went very smoothly!
Tsukushi: Th-thank you very much!
Tsukushi: (I'm glad I practiced with my little sisters~. I just need to keep this pace until the end, and things will be perfect...!)
Tsugumi: Ah, it looks like the tea is ready. Be careful as you carry it, okay?
Tsukushi: Yes, please leave it to me! Here I go...
Tsukushi: ... Hm? H-huh?
Tsukushi: (Th-this is pretty heavy. Was balancing a tray on one hand really this hard?)
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, are you okay...? Should I carry it for you?
Tsukushi: I-I'm okay! I'll be right back...!
Chisato: Now then, maybe I will read the script for tomorrow... Hm? Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: U-ugh...
Chisato: (Th-that's so dangerous! Why doesn't she carry it with both hands? Ah~, she's so unsteady...)
Chisato: (Come on, you've almost made it... Slowly, slowly, just like that... You did it!)
Tsukushi: Phew... Thank you for waiting! Here is the Earl Grey tea you ordered. Is there any mistake to your order?
Chisato: No, it is correct... Oh? The sugar...
Tsukushi: Ah, you're out. I'll refill it right away! Please wait just a moment...!
Tsukushi: I'm sure that the stock of sugar was placed at the top of the shelf... There it is!
Tsukushi: Hm~! Hrm~...!
Chisato: Tsukushi-chan...? If you can't reach it, wouldn't it be better to ask someone else to get it?
Tsukushi: I-it's okay! I can do it on my own...!
Chisato: I-is that so?
Chisato: (Ah~, she's stretching up so much... I'm so worried she might drop something from the shelf...)
Tsukushi: Just... a little more...
Chisato: ...!
Tsukushi: Hrm~... G-got it~!
Tsukushi: Chisato-senpai, thank you for waiting! I'll refill the sugar now!
Chisato: Y-yes, thank you.
Chisato: (I suddenly feel so tired...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
