event159-03 Chapter 2: Master to Pupil! Eve’s Training

Tsukushi's first day on the job ends. What do Tsugumi and Eve think of Tsukushi's performance...?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Eve Wakamiya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsukushi: Thank you very much! Please come again!
Tsugumi: Tsukushi-chan, good job out there. That was the last customer, so why don't we start closing up?
Tsukushi: Understood! Phew...
Tsugumi: Are you tired?
Tsukushi: Just a little bit... Standing as you work really does a number on your feet, doesn't it?
Eve: I know what you mean. When I first started working part-time here, I experienced that often.
Tsugumi: I'm certain that just shows how focused you were on your work. Tsukushi-chan, you were great today. It's hard to imagine it was your first time.
Tsukushi: Really?! Was I perfect?!
Tsugumi: Umm... I don't know about perfect, but having you with us was a big help.
Eve: Yes. Your proactive attitude was splendid.
Eve: However... I believe there are some areas where you still require diligence.
Tsukushi: Huh...? Wh-where?
Eve: Let me see... First would be your tray handling. When you carried food and drinks, you were quite unsteady.
Eve: That will simply make the customers uneasy. Even Chisato-san seemed to be worried watching you.
Tsukushi: R-really...? I didn't realize that at all...
Eve: I am sorry... It pains me to have to tell you that...
Tsugumi: You've only just started, so it can't be helped. I'm certain you'll get used to it naturally as time goes on.
Tsukushi: No... I can't simply wait for that time to come.
Tsukushi: Um, Eve-senpai, Tsugumi-senpai! Would you teach me the correct way to carry a tray?
Tsukushi: I don't want to leave the customers feeling anxious!
Eve: Tsukushi-san... Very well! We shall undergo special training so that you can become a tray master!
Tsukushi: A tray master!
Tsugumi: Special training... Right now?
Eve: Yes! We must strike while the iron is hot! It would seem that my time to repay Tsukushi-san's favor has already come.
Eve: I shall pass onto you everything that I have learned at Hazawa Coffee! Let us begin!
Tsukushi: Yes! Thank you for your help!
Eve: First, when carrying a tray, you must not let it stick to your palm. That gives it no stability, and you will not be able to carry it well.
Eve: The trick is to stick your fingers up and get your palm away from the bottom... By doing so, the tray will be stable, and you can carry it smoothly.
Tsukushi: You're right... It's so easy to carry this way!
Eve: When you walk, straighten your back, draw in your arms, and look into the distance instead of at your hands.
Eve: And your movements must be deft, like those of a shinobi crossing a rooftop...!
Tsukushi: A shinobi?!
Eve: Now, please give it a try!
Tsukushi: U-understood! Draw in my arms and look into the distance...
Tsugumi: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[30 Minutes Later]

Eve: Tsukushi-san, your attempt just now was wonderful! You truly had the bearings of a shinobi!
Tsukushi: I also feel like I did well! Next, let's increase the number of cups-
Eve: No, let us stop here for today. We shall continue at the next opportunity.
Eve: I still have other things I would like to teach you! Together we will become not just tray masters, but café masters!
Tsukushi: Yes, I won't disappoint! Thank you so much!
Tsugumi: Good work, you two. Here... have some tea.
Eve: ... Huh? All of the tableware is put away...
Eve: Tsugumi-san, were you cleaning up by yourself...?
Tsugumi: Yeah. I'm still in the middle of it though.
Tsukushi: I-I'm sorry! I didn't realize you were doing that!
Tsugumi: It's okay. The two of you were putting in a lot of effort for the café. Also... here. Use these bath bombs if you'd like.
Tsugumi: They'll warm you up and soothe your fatigue. I'm sure the soreness in your feet will be long gone by tomorrow.
Tsukushi: Tsugumi-senpai...
Eve: Thank you! I will gladly use it!
Tsugumi: Now then, after we've had our tea, shall we continue cleaning up?
Tsukushi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Futaba Residence - Tsukushi's Room]

Tsukushi: Sigh~, that was a great bath. Thanks to Tsugumi-senpai's bath bomb, I feel so warm~.
Tsukushi: (The whole day seemed to just fly by... Tsugumi-senpai and Eve-senpai are both such nice people. I had so much fun.)
Tsukushi: (But I had no idea that I was making the customers worry... Ngh, I need to learn from my mistakes.)
Tsukushi: Tomorrow I have to do things perfectly.
Tsukushi: I had that special training, so I'll definitely be fine! I can do it~. Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
