event79-05 Chapter 4: A Straw Millionaire?

With the newly-received manga pushing them forward, the group continues their thus-far-successful smile patrol.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Did you see the look on Moca-chi's face?! She seemed so happy! Yeah, this Smile Patrol was a great idea~♪
Kokoro: I knew these were the kind of activities our band needed! I can't wait to help make more and more people smile~!
Kanon: We went from finding marbles while picking up trash... to trading those marbles for a manga... to exchanging the manga for bread...
Kaoru: Fufu, and it smells positively delightful. I can only imagine what wonders await our taste buds.
Misaki: Wasn't there some kind of old tale that played out like this? The Straw Millionaire, I think it was called.
Kanon: I was thinking the same thing. With a single piece of straw, the man slowly but surely worked his way up to a mansion, right?
Misaki: With Kokoro, I think that could actually happen... There's just something about her. She has "it," you know?
Kokoro: Oh? I've spotted another person in need of a smile! There's no time to waste~!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron! Hold up~!
(Black cut)
Rimi: Sigh~...
Kokoro: Rimi~! Hello!
Rimi: Ah, Kokoro-chan?
Kaoru: What ails you, little kitten? A most pained expression haunts your visage.
Rimi: Y-you're here, too, Kaoru-san?!
Hagumi: The whole crew is out and about today~! We've decided to set up a Smile Patrol!
Rimi: Smile Patrol...?
Kaoru: Our duty is to protect the smiles of every little kitten we come across. Now, will you kindly share with us the reason behind your previous exhalation?
Rimi: Uhm, well... Huh?! Th-that bag! Is it...?!
Kaoru: A gift from dear Moca-chan. We crossed paths earlier, and the manga she had been seeking happened to be in our possession.
Rimi: A-actually, that bread is from a bakery that recently opened in the shopping mall. They were all sold out when I stopped by, though...
Kokoro: It all makes sense now! So that's why you looked like you had a stomachache!
Rimi: I would say it was more hunger pangs than anything...
Kaoru: Fufu, then unto you, Rimi-chan, shall we bestow these doughy delights. Their fate is certainly to bring happiness to those who enjoy their flavor. What say you, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Without a doubt! A mouthful of these will bring out that smile of yours, won't it? In that case, this can be your Smile Bread!
Rimi: You really don't mind, Kokoro-chan?! Wow, I can't thank you enough~!
Hagumi: Hehehe, your smile is shining bright, Rimi-rin! I'm so happy for you!
Rimi: Thanks! You really made my day! Oh, I know...! Would you... accept this as a token of gratitude?
(Black cut)
Misaki: From marbles to manga... from manga to bread... and from bread to...
Kanon: Hey, Hagumi-chan? Do you know what character that stuffed animal is? I've never seen it before.
Hagumi: Hmmm, beats me. The way it looks is creeping me out a little... Ah, but the material feels so nice.
Misaki: She mentioned winning it from one of the crane games in the shopping mall, right? Not saying that I know what it is, mind you...
Misaki: Seriously though, can't you imagine the Straw-Millionaire thing happening. I'm not saying she'll end up with a mansion, but I wouldn't rule out something valuable...
Kanon: Yes, it does seem possible with Kokoro-chan around.
Kokoro: What are you two whispering about? The Smile Patrol is far from finished! Everyone, let's get out there and spread more smiles!
Kokoro: Ready, and... One, two! One, two!
Ako: Ah, Kokoro!
Kokoro: Well, if it isn't Ako! Perfect timing! You should take part in the Smile Patrol!
Ako: Smile Patrol...?
Kokoro: We're going around town, spreading smiles to anyone we can find.
Ako: Ooo~! That sounds fun! But I don't think I'm in the mood for that today~.
Hagumi: Huh? What's wrong, Ako-chin?! Did something terrible happen?
Ako: Nah, I wouldn't go that far... Huh?! That plushie...! Where'd you find it...?!
Hagumi: We got it from Rimi-rin a little while ago~. None of us know what character it is, though. Do you?
Ako: Do I know it?! That's a plushie of The End, a character from NFO! It's a crane-game exclusive!
Hagumi: Whoa, it is~?! I had no idea~!
Ako: I wanted it so badly that I spent this month's allowance trying to nab one...but I walked away empty-handed...
Hagumi: Well, then we'll just give this one to you! Can we, Kokoron?
Kokoro: That's a fantastic idea~! Ako, could you take this off our hands?
Ako: Y-you really mean it?! Yay~!! Thank you so much, Smile Patrol!!
Kokoro: Fufufu, look at that perfect smile!
Ako: Hey, wait! A gift this awesome deserves something in return!
(Black cut)
Kanon: What do you think we got this time, Misaki-chan? Marbles to manga, manga to bread, bread to stuffed animals...
Misaki: It's just an ordinary plastic bag from the looks of it...
Kokoro: It was nice of Ako to give this to us. We should at least see what's inside! Hey, Misaki! Care to do the honors?
Misaki: Huh? You want me to do it...? I-I'm not so sure about this... Ah, it doesn't seem all that heavy.
Misaki: Alright... I'm opening it... Here goes...
Misaki: Hm?! What?!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan? What is it? What's inside...?
Misaki: I-it can't be...!
