event79-01 Opening: Smile Patrol! Assemble!

Kokoro declares to the other members of Hello, Happy World! that they will do something unrelated to music.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[CiRCLE - Café]

Kanon: Kokoro-chan. I think everyone is here now.
Kokoro: Oh? What about Michelle?
Misaki: As usual, Michelle has other plans. Anyway, why did you call us all here? It's still so early in the morning...
Kaoru: Fufu, our beloved Kokoro. She has most certainly devised something ever so delightful.
Hagumi: Whoa, really?! I can't wait to hear it~♪ All of her ideas are so exciting!
Kokoro: I'll tell you! Today, I would like for us to perform some band-related activities!
Kanon: Huh? Band-related activities...? What, like practice music?
Misaki: Hold on, CiRCLE isn't even open at this hour. Look, the doors are shut tight.
Kokoro: True, but that's not what I meant! Recently, everything we've done with the band has been related to music, right? That's why I'd like to spend the day working on things that aren't!
Kanon: Things other than music? What do you mean...? Misaki-chan, are you as lost as I am?
Misaki: Is this some sort of wordplay? Like that "a cake that isn't baked" kind of thing?
Kaoru: Fufu. How very interesting, Kokoro. Your words are not lost upon me. You have my full support.
Hagumi: Yep♪ Me, too! Me, too! Count me in~!
Misaki: Huh? You two understood what she meant?
Hagumi: Yeah, of course! Hello, Happy World! is a band that makes the whole world smile.
Kaoru: Yes, the purpose of our band... is to beckon forth the smiles dwelling within every person.
Kokoro: Hagumi, Kaoru! You nailed it! A gold star for the both of you!
Hagumi: Hooray~! I got a gold star from Kokoron~♪
Kokoro: Using music to help people smile really is wonderful. But that's all we have been doing recently, so I wanted to try a different approach!
Misaki: From what I remember, Kokoro's idea of band activities at first was things like building sandcastles at the beach and making flower crowns...
Kanon: Don't forget smelling freshly-washed bed sheets and filling up on snacks.
Hagumi: And hiking through the mountains to look for shooting stars!
Kokoro: Exactly! So if we stick to only music, then our band isn't doing everything it can, right?
Kokoro: Hello, Happy World! needs to expand its activities if we want to bring smiles to everyone in the world!
Kokoro: It's time to put our heads together and think of what our band can do!
Misaki: Band activities other than music... Is that supposed to be philosophical or something?
Kokoro: We need to get out there and find ways to make everyone smile!
Hagumi: Ah! Hey, I've got an idea! We can help pick up litter near the station entrance!
Hagumi: I saw some trash when I passed by yesterday. I picked up what I could see, but it could be so much cleaner if we all worked together!
Kaoru: Ahhh, Hagumi. What a kind-hearted little kitten you are. I concur with your motion.
Hagumi: Hehehe~. Thanks, Kaoru-kun! A clean town is sure to help make everyone smile! I wanna get out there and trash that nasty litter!
Kokoro: Amazing, Hagumi! Your ideas have so much potential! Alright, we'll start with garbage cleanup!
Hagumi: Yippee~!
Kaoru: If I may, Kokoro, I wish to submit a proposal of my own. Could we also perhaps water the flowers in gardens around the town?
Kaoru: Yesterday, I happened upon several withering blossoms in the park. My very heart suffered at the sight of that ever so fleeting state.
Kokoro: Perfect! The flowers will smile, and so will the people who see them! I like it, Kaoru! Double the smiles in one special idea!
Kaoru: Fufu, a love which does not discriminate between flora nor fauna. For that... is Kaoru Seta.
Kokoro: I think sunbathing would be a lot of fun! We can also put on a march through the city streets! And then...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: We have a lot of ideas to work with! There'll be no shortage of lovely band activities with these!
Kaoru: Fufu, the townsfolk will be unable to resist smiling at our efforts.
Hagumi: Let's go all out and try our best to make the whole town smile!
Misaki: Doesn't sound like what a band would do, if you ask me.
Kanon: Fufufu, but it does feel like Hello, Happy World! material.
Kanon: Cleaning up litter, watering flowers... It's almost like some sort of Smile Patrol spreading happiness throughout the city.
Kokoro: That's it! Starting today, we'll be the Smile Patrol that protects the smiles of others!
Hagumi: Wow~♪ Smile Patrol~?! That's super-duper cool~!
Kaoru: Ah, to be able to take part fills me with such pleasure.
Kokoro: Okay, Smile Patrol! Time to head out! Happy~! Lucky~! Smile~!
Kokoro, Hagumi & Kaoru: Patrol~!
Misaki: Haha... Hahaha... Even without meeting beforehand, they're in unison. They really are something...
