event79-03 Chapter 2: Something to Report at the Park!

The group finds a marble while picking up trash. Their next destination is the park. What will they find there...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: And with that, the station entrance is now officially clean!
Misaki: Phew, I'm beat~. That was a lot of trash to pick up.
Hagumi: Uh-huh! But we also found a ton of pretty marbles!
Kanon: Wow, there were that many? Looks to be around twenty or so.
Kaoru: A town, purified. A bounty of marbles, gathered. And most importantly, smiles as far as the eye can see.
Kaoru: A superb beginning for the Smile Patrol.
Kokoro: I was just thinking the same thing! Our newly cleaned town helped to light up so many faces!
Hagumi: Some of them even stopped to give us a hand! That made me so happy~♪
Kokoro: Alright, we should keep up this pace! All those smiles out there are counting on us!
Misaki: Huh? Hold up... You mean we're not done yet?
Kokoro: Why would we be? We're the Smile Patrol, aren't we? How can we call ourselves that if we don't go out and patrol?
Hagumi: Yep, she's got a point. It's not a patrol if we pack up and leave already. You don't want to be known as the Garbage Gang, right?
Kokoro: Okay, Smile Patrol! We head to our next destination! Move out~!
Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Kokoro: One, two! One, two! Company halt!
Kokoro: All right, everyone! We have arrived at the park! Are there any faces in need of a smile? Let's search the area!
Misaki: Uh, Kokoro... Can we call off this whole marching thing? Having to deal with all these staring eyes is really embarrassing...
Kokoro: We can't stop now. Didn't you see how many smiles we made with our march? I'm sure you did.
Misaki: I was too busy being horrified to notice...
Hagumi: Wow~! A park on a Sunday is always packed with kids! Smiles as far as the eye can see. As it should be~!
Kaoru: Nay, I fear it may be too early for such an assumption.
Hagumi: Oh? Why's that, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Direct your gaze toward the child sitting upon that bench. What an undeniably gloomy expression.
Kanon: A child on a bench...? The one over there? Reading manga all alone...?
Hagumi: Hey, you're right...! And staring at the other children with such a sad face! That has to feel so lonely!
Kokoro: We can't stand by and let this happen! Duty calls! Smile Patrol, time to head out!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Why, hello there. Mind if I sit next to you?
Kid: ... Huh? Who are you?
Kokoro: I'm a part of the Smile Patrol!
Kid: Smile... Patrol...?
Kokoro: That's right! We're marching around town to spread smiles to one and all!
Kokoro: I see that you like manga. Say, why don't you show me that lovely smile of yours?!
Kid: What are you talking about?
Kokoro: You and I are friends now, you see, so let's play together!
Kid: W-we are not friends! I just want to read!
Hagumi: Oh, I know! Why don't we play tag?! I bet that'll be tons of fun!
Kaoru: Playing house is another option. A plethora of acting skills can be learned from such a game.
Kid: You guys are annoying~! Go away!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Sigh, that didn't go so well...
Kaoru: Such obstinate rejection. Every opportunity for conversation extinguished before our very eyes...
Hagumi: Sorry, Kokoron... We're not worthy of being in the Smile Patrol...
Misaki: Well, you can't blame the kid for having that kind of attitude.
Misaki: I've got a younger brother and sister myself, so I know how delicately children need to be handled. You guys came on too strong.
Kanon: Okay, so how are we supposed to make that child smile?
Kokoro: Listen up! Things went sour because you all looked like you had toothaches or something!
Misaki: Huh?
Kokoro: If we want to make others smile, we have to start with ourselves first, right?
Kokoro: That's why we need to find a game that'll bring out our smiles, too!
Hagumi: That makes sense... Sure, works for me! We've gotta start with our own smiles first!
Kaoru: Forgive me, Kokoro. I had forgotten such a cardinal rule.
Kokoro: So, what should we play?
Hagumi: Hey, what about those?! The marbles we picked up earlier! With how many we found, there has to be a bunch of fun ways to use them, right?!
Kokoro: I'm impressed, Hagumi! You are on a roll with all these great ideas today!
Hagumi: Hehehe~. Thanks, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Attention, Smile Patrol! Get your marbles ready for an afternoon of play~! Happy~! Lucky~! Smile~!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Patrol~!
