event79-02 Chapter 1: We're on Patrol!

The Smile Patrol is off to pick up trash. That's when they run into...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: Clean up, clean up~♪ So pumped up to do some cleaning up~♪
Hagumi: Look, look~! An empty can, just sitting right here~! Off you go♪
Kokoro: Well done, Hagumi! You've found so much litter in no time!
Misaki: Whoa, your trash bag is already loaded.
Kaoru: Fufu, the townsfolk appear to be mesmerized by how elegantly I dispose of the refuse.
Misaki: Are the dramatics really needed here?
Kanon: Fufufu... By doing this, the town will be much cleaner than before.
Kaoru: Not a single scrap can be overlooked... for we are the Smile Patrol.
Kokoro: Look! All the people around us are nothing but smiles!
Misaki: I get the feeling they're laughing at us, not with us...
Kokoro: Hey, everyone! There's a flower garden over here!
Kokoro: And watering flowers is one of the Smile Patrol's duties, is it not?
Kaoru: Yes, providing nourishment to our floral companions is one of many important missions, indeed.
Kokoro: Okay, leave it to me! Uhhh, now to find some water...
Hagumi: You can do it, Kokoron! We have to make sure to protect everyone's smile.
Kokoro: Of course! That's what the Smile Patrol is for!
Misaki: We're just watering flowers. You two are going a little overboard.
Marina: Hm? Hey, it's Hello, Happy World! What are you all doing here?
Kokoro: Well, if it isn't Marina! We're in the middle of our highly acclaimed band activities!
Marina: Huh? Band activities? Looks like you're picking up trash to me...
Hagumi: Today, we've decided to set up a Smile Patrol!
Marina: Smile Patrol...? Fufufu, that suits your band well. You girls are always up to something interesting.
Misaki: Sigh~... Kokoro called us out here at the crack of dawn...
Kanon: What are you up to, Marina-san? You seem to have your hands full there.
Marina: Just came back from some shopping.
Marina: Some new bands are putting on a show at CiRCLE today. We're expecting a packed audience, so I went out to grab some supplies.
Kaoru: How amusing. In other words... Marina-san is also hard at work making others smile.
Kokoro: That's amazing, Marina! Glad to see that we're all working towards the same goal!
Kokoro: I now declare you a member of the Smile Patrol!
Marina: Fufufu, thank you. I'll do my best to make sure every last patron is happy!
Misaki: You sure know how to play along, Marina-san.
Marina: Now, now. I think Kokoro-chan is right about smiles being important. Nothing brightens my day like seeing our customers happy after a performance.
Marina: Okay, I've got to go now! Good luck with your band activities~!
Kokoro: Mmm~! With another member added to our ranks, it's a good time to put 110% effort into our litter and flower-watering duties~!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah~!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Look, everyone! This is incredible! The station entrance is so clean now!
Hagumi: We did it, Kokoron!
Kaoru: Behold, for even the flowers grace us with their smiles. Ahhh, how fleeting.
Kokoro: All we have left is to tidy up the area around this bench! For the sake of every smile out there!
Kokoro: Oh? Come have a look at this! Someone dropped a beautiful marble here by the bench!
Hagumi: Wow, you're right! Hey, Kokoron! Let me see~!
Kanon: Hm? I found some over here, too.
Misaki: And here.
Kokoro: Oh my! This is amazing~! There are so many of them! Let's gather them up! I see one right by you, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Really?! Where, where?! Ah, here it is~! I found myself a pretty marble~♪
Kaoru: Fufu, a most blessed gift from above, as a reward for our sweat and toil in cleansing the rubbish.
Kokoro: Without a doubt! Hagumi! I bet there are more around here! We should keep looking!
Hagumi: Way ahead of you~! Time to find more of these mystery gifts~!
