event79-07 Ending: The Power of Smiles

Having completed their impromptu performance the day before, the girls find something of note at the park...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Park]

Hagumi: Man, yesterday was so much fun~! Who knew we would be holding a concert by the end of all that?!
Kaoru: Despite our abrupt appearance, the patrons seemed to have had a good time, like a garden of flowers blossoming with smiles shining brightly.
Kanon: I'm sure the band that pulled out probably felt guilty about what happened, so I think we did the right thing.
Misaki: I remember thinking how outrageous the whole thing was at first. We didn't have our instruments or Michelle.
Kokoro: Speaking of which, Misaki, were you able to finish that sudden errand you had yesterday?
Misaki: Ah, yeah~... In a way.
Kokoro: Glad to hear it! In the end, our Smile Patrol was able to live up to its name and make everyone smile!
Kokoro: We'll have to include it in our future activities with Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Yeah! Count me in! I can't wait~!
Kaoru: Nor can I, Kokoro.
Misaki: All of those antics actually led to a true "band" activity. Kokoro really does have "it," doesn't she?
Kokoro: I do? What do I have?
Misaki: Nobody else could have done what you did. We went from picking up litter to putting on a bona fide concert.
Misaki: I have to admit, that is pretty impressive.
Kanon: I agree. Kokoro-chan pulled off something special. That whole time... I was wondering how our Straw Millionaire story would end.
Hagumi: Straw Millionaire? Like the old tale?
Kanon: Uh-huh. We were talking about it yesterday, weren't we, Misaki-chan? Wondering if the marbles we found and all the trading we did afterward would lead us to some kind of treasure.
Misaki: Hey, putting on a show may not be the same as finding gold or anything, but it's still special.
Misaki: That is the "it" I was referring to.
Kokoro: I don't get it. Besides, what happened yesterday was not my doing.
Misaki: Hahaha. I thought you might say that. Next, you'll say that you want to share the credit with the rest of us.
Kokoro: No, not exactly. What we truly need to thank is the power of smiles!
Misaki: The power of smiles...?
Kokoro: Yes, the power of smiles is incredible!
Misaki: Hahaha, I somehow can't help but agree when you're the one saying it.
Hagumi: The power of smiles~♪ I like the sound of that~. Mmm, I'm feeling all bubbly inside!
Kid: Ah, it's you guys!
Kokoro: Oh? Aren't you the child from yesterday? Were you able to have fun with the other children?
Kid: Yeah! We're going to play marbles again, too!
Hagumi: Wow, that's great! Glad to hear it~!
Kid: Thanks for yesterday. You helped me make a bunch of new friends. Those marbles you gave me are my new special treasures!
Kaoru: Fufu, now that is truly a splendid smile. The power of smiles has shined its blessing upon you.
Kid: Hey, uh... would you like to play with me again?
Kokoro: Yes! I would be glad to! The more we play, the more smiles we can make!
Kokoro: Did you have anything in mind?
Kid: Marbles! I want to play marbles! Here, I have one for each of you!
Hagumi: Wow, for us~?!
Kid: Uh-huh! I bought a whole bunch more so I could share them with you!
Kokoro: Thank you! I really appreciate it! Alrighty, let's get started! Come on, everyone!
Hagumi: Aw yeah! I'm going to go all out~!
Kaoru: Fufu, I will not be so easily defeated this time, Hagumi. Feast your eyes upon the splendor my marbles radiate.
Kanon: Misaki-chan. Didn't that child just say that these marbles are 'treasures'...?
Misaki: No mistaking it. In other words... our journey actually did end with treasure...
Kanon: That's how it seems...
Misaki: Kokoro really does...
Misaki & Kanon: Have "it"...
Kokoro: Misaki~! Kanon~! Hurry and join us~! We're deciding who goes first~!
Misaki: Yeah, we hear you! We're coming~!
Kanon: Fue~. Wait for us, Kokoro-chan~.
(Black cut)
