event79-04 Chapter 3: Expanding Circle of Smiles

The members of Hello, Happy World! begin playing with the marble. That's when the lonely-looking child does something...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Kokoro: Okay, I have your marble in my sights, Misaki~!
Misaki: Come on, you've been targeting me since we started! Go after Kanon-san! She's right at the line!
Kanon: Fue~! Misaki-chan, how could you~? Fufufu.
Hagumi: Alright, looks like I'm up next~! I think I'll aim for Kaoru-kun~. Hiyah!
Misaki: Whoa! Nice shot, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Hahaha! Yay~! Kaoru-kun's marble is all mine now~♪
Kaoru: Fufu. Commendable skills, Hagumi... but I am not out of this yet. My turn has finally come, and with it, the chance to display my true power.
Kanon: Kaoru-san, it was supposed to be my turn...
Kid: H-hey!
Misaki: Hm? It's that kid from before.
Kid: Uhm... I'd like to play, if that's okay.
Kokoro: Fufu, by all means! We have plenty of marbles, so grab some and join us!
Kid: Okay, thanks! How do you play, anyway?
Hagumi: So! First, hold the marble like this. See? Then, give it a flick...
Kanon: I was so caught up in playing that I didn't notice our new recruit. I wonder when that happened.
Misaki: Just take a look around. It's like every kid in the park wants in on the action...
Kokoro: Come on, you won't smile by standing around and watching~! Grab some marbles and play with us! We have more than enough for everyone!
(Black cut)
Kid: Here goes~! Pow! Kyahaha, awesome~! I hit two with one shot~!
Hagumi: Check it out, Kokoron! We did it~! That kid is all smiles now!
Kaoru: The effect has spread much further than that. Every single child in the park is beaming with a joyous grin. Ahhh, what a fleeting sight to behold.
Kokoro: This is wonderful! Our smiles really are spreading to everyone around us!
Hagumi: Uh-huh! It sure does look that way! Mission accomplished, Smile Patrol!
Kokoro: Mmm~! Alrighty! We should head towards our next destination and keep the good times rolling!
Kid: Hey, wait!
Kokoro: Hm? What is it?
Kid: Here, for you. It's a thank you gift for playing with me today!
Kokoro: Is this that manga you were reading earlier? Are you sure you want to give that away?
Kid: Uh-huh! I'm done reading it, anyway. And you gave me a lot of free marbles, too!
Kokoro: Oh! You don't mind? Wow, I couldn't be happier! I'll take good care of it!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street]

Kanon: Turns out that child had a really adorable smile.
Hagumi: Yep, sure did! The Smile Patrol really is doing an important job!
Misaki: So, what's our next mission? I'm assuming we're nowhere near done yet...
Kokoro: Ah, I see someone over there who is in need of a smile! This looks like a job for the Smile Patrol!
Misaki: ... Hm? Wait, isn't that... Aoba-san?
(Black cut)
Moca: Ohhh~. This is bad~. What should I do~?
Kokoro: Moca~! Hello~!
Moca: Hm? Well, well. Is that Hello, Happy World! I spy?
Kokoro: Fufufu, you are both right and wrong! Today, we are the Smile Patrol!
Moca: Oh-hoh, how amusing. Could you decipher that for me, Misaki-chin~?
Misaki: U-uhhh, it's kind of a long story...
(Black cut)
Moca: I see~. And that's when you found me~.
Kokoro: Why the long face, Moca? The Smile Patrol should be more than capable of turning that frown upside-down!
Moca: Oh no, I think this will one stump even experts like yourselves. I've lost something very precious.
Hagumi: Something precious? Would finding it help bring your smile back?
Moca: It's not easy to find, unfortunately~. I'm sure the spectacular Smile Patrol is unlikely to-
Moca: Oh-hoh...? What do you have in your hand there...?!
Hagumi: This is a gift we got for making someone smile!
Moca: I-it can't be...! I thought I'd never see one again! It's the magazine I've been searching for.
All: Huh?!
Moca: A manga I like is printed in there. Last week's issue had a mind-blowing development, so I wanted to keep it for my collection, but I accidentally left my copy behind on the train.
Moca: All the stores are out of stock, so I gave up and decided to drown my sorrow in these tasty buns here~.
Kokoro: In that case, we can give this copy to you!
Moca: What?! For real~?!
Kokoro: Of course! Letting you have it means more happiness all around! Wouldn't you agree, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Uh-huh♪ Makes perfect sense to me!
Moca: Wow, I'd really appreciate it~... Ah, how about I trade some buns for it? I bought a truckload.
Kokoro: No need to give us your bread. If this manga is all it takes to bring out that smile of yours, then that's enough for us!
Moca: Gasp... Bless you, Smile Patrol~.
Hagumi: Hahahaha! How lucky for you, Moca-chi~!
Moca: Wait, I wouldn't feel right ending it on that note, so I'll give you all- I mean... half of my buns! And I won't take no for an answer...
Kokoro: Oh my! Alright, then! Thank you, Moca!
Moca: No, I should be thanking you~. Long live the Smile Patrol!
