event79-06 Chapter 5: A Request for Backup

After trading, they end up with croquettes. With plans to eat them, they head to...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: What's wrong, Misaki? Why do you look so shocked? What's in the bag?
Misaki: These are...
Misaki: Croquettes... from Hagumi's store...
All: Huh?!
Misaki: Look for yourselves! They're totally from her shop, aren't they?
Hagumi: Whoa~! You're right! You know, I thought I smelled croquettes from our place~!
Kokoro: This is wonderful! Getting our hands on this many is like a dream come true!
Kaoru: Fresh out of the fryer, as well. Witness the rising steam... Ah, how fleeting.
Kanon: Haha... Hahaha... Looks like we didn't end up as millionaires after all.
Misaki: Yeah, these aren't any different from the ones we normally get when we hang out at Hagumis place...
Misaki: Oh well. We made people happy along the way, so maybe that's enough.
Kanon: Fufufu, can't argue with that. And that's what Hello, Happy World! was made for.
Hagumi: Alright! The Smile Patrol gets to chow down on these yummy-looking croquettes! Let's dig i-
Kokoro: Hagumi! Wait a moment!  We're still missing one of our members! We'll need to change locations if we want to share a meal with the entire Smile Patrol!
Hagumi: Huh? We do? Where do we have to go?
Kokoro: Fufufu. Follow me, everyone! Smile Patrol, move out!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Sigh, what a busy day~. Only a little more to go, though. I've got to hang in there so the event patrons can have a good time! Alright, what's next...?
Kokoro: Marina~! Hello!
Marina: Huh?! Kokoro-chan?! Hey, girls...! What are you all doing here?
Kokoro: The Smile Patrol would like to assemble all of its members so we can enjoy the croquettes Ako gave us earlier. Marina, you were added to the team this morning, correct?
Marina: Smile Patrol... Yes, I suppose that did happen...
Hagumi: Oh yeah~! Now that you mention it, we did invite her! I forgot all about that.
Hagumi: I'm so sorry, Marina-san!
Marina: I appreciate the apology, but I'm still kind of lost... What exactly is going on? Can anyone fill me in?
Misaki: Well, I suppose that responsibility falls on myself and Kanon-san... Do you remember how we were picking up litter this morning? Not long after that...
(Black cut)
Marina: I see, so that's what happened. I think I get it now! Thanks for taking the time to include me, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: But of course! You're a member of the Smile Patrol! Come and enjoy a croquette with us!
Marina: Sure! Don't mind if I do! I wonder which one I should go with. How about-
Marina: Ah, hang on. The phone is ringing. I'd better answer it... Hello, you've reached CiRCLE...
Marina: ... What?! Are you serious?! Yeah, okay. No, everything is fine here... You just focus on getting better... Uh-huh, see ya.
Hagumi: Marina-san? What happened?
Marina: W-well... that was the closing act for today's event. One of the band members got hurt somehow, and they called to say they can't make it...
All: What?!
Marina: It doesn't seem like the injury was too severe, but they still can't put on a performance...
Marina: Jeez, what a mess~... I'm not sure where we could find a replacement band on such short notice... Oh.
Marina: H-hey, my dear Smile Patrol... I have a favor to ask you... if you don't mind.
Misaki: ... Huh? You don't mean...
Kokoro: What is it? If it brings smiles to everyone, then we're all for it! Because we're the Smile Patrol!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kokoro: Hello, everyone~! Are you feeling happy today? We'll be the last act of the evening!
Audience Member: ... What? Today's final act is Hello, Happy World!?
Kokoro: Fufufu, that's where you're wrong! Today, we are known as the Smile Patrol!
Kanon: Kokoro-chan... The audience looks really confused...
Kaoru: Fufu, a member of the intended final act has had an unfortunate accident. Would you perhaps be willing to accept us as their replacement, my little kittens?
Audience Member: It's Kaoru-san...! It's really her...! She's so cool...!
Hagumi: We're going to bring you an all-out performance, so get ready to show us those smiles! Don't hold back, Kano-chan-senpai! Michelle!
Kanon & Michelle: You got it!
Audience Member: Wow, Michelle is really here~! She's so cute~! Over here, over here~!
Misaki: (We decided to participate tonight and poof... our instruments and the Michelle costume were ready for us... Are those black suits magicians or something...?)
Kokoro: All right, here we go~! Happy~! Lucky~! Smile~!
All: Patrol~!
