event58-02 Chapter 1: I Want to Be Friends

Lisa takes Arisa and Rimi to a restaurant. Can they really learn the trick to talking to people worry-free...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Lisa Imai)

[Restaurant]

Arisa: S-so then, what's the secret to-
Lisa: Arisa, slow down! There's no rush! By the way, do you both tend to get nervous around strangers?
Arisa: Yeah... I'm kinda shy.
Rimi: Same here...
Arisa: Whenever I try to talk to someone, I can't help but wonder if now is a good time or not. Or if I'm bothering them...
Rimi: I know what you mean. Even if I get past that step, I get all jittery wondering what to talk about...
Arisa: Exactly~...
Lisa: Ahaha. You two worry way too much.
Arisa: You think so...?
Lisa: Oh yeah. I know so. I mean, Himari and Ran are a lot friendlier than you think. You'll be fine.
Lisa: Besides, if you're too formal, the other person can tell you're nervous and might start feeling the same way. Wouldn't that just make things awkward?
Arisa: Ngh...
Lisa: That being said, you should still be nice. Just because you're friends doesn't mean you can forget your manners.
Rimi: Ooo...
Lisa: So you should be polite, but only enough to make sure your friend doesn't feel pressured to be unnecessarily polite back!
Arisa: So we want them to be rude...? Ugh... I don't get it...
Rimi: Ooo... Me either. My head's spinning.
Lisa: C-come on, you guys! You're overthinking it!
Arisa: This is just a really important opportunity for us! It's not like you can just go up to someone and ask how to have a conversation with people. Isn't that right, Rimi?
Rimi: Y-yeah...!
Lisa: You're both so serious about this~. Well, that also means you'll take extra care when you're with others, so it's not really a bad thing♪
Lisa: By the way, how did everyone in Poppin'Party get to be such good friends?
Arisa: Oh yeah... What was it?
Rimi: Hmm~... I think Kasumi-chan was the one who brought us all together.
Arisa: Ah~, you're probably right. That girl never gives up.
Rimi: She really doesn't. But that's one of the best things about her. I could never do what she does.
Arisa: Yeah, I suppose...
Lisa: Kasumi certainly has some sort of power to her. However, I don't think you could become as close as you are with that alone. There's got to be something else.
Arisa: Uhm~... Well, Kasumi... tends to tell us exactly what's on her mind, no matter what. Maybe that's it.
Rimi: That's probably what it is. Even if that same tendency can sometimes cause a lot of problems.
Arisa: If you think about it, it just goes to show how much she cares about us. She really is a good person and f-...
Lisa: And what...?
Arisa: Sh-she's just a good person... That's it!
Lisa: Gotcha~. In other words, Kasumi opened up to all of you, and that trust is what brought you all around.
Rimi: Yes, that's exactly it!
Lisa: Okay, then you two just have to become Kasumi!
Arisa: H-huh?! 'Become Kasumi'?! What the heck does that mean?! ... Ah...
Lisa: There you go, Arisa! You've got it!
Arisa: Got what...?
Lisa: Come out of your shell and be yourself!
Arisa: I-I am myself... sometimes...
Rimi: So by become Kasumi-chan... Do you mean we should be ourselves around whoever we're talking to?
Lisa: Exactly! Although, that's pretty difficult to do with anyone you're meeting for the first time. But this is Ran and Himari we're talking about.
Lisa: Just like Kasumi opened up to all of you, why don't you try opening up to Ran and Himari?
Arisa: I-if we do that, will we be able to become friends with them?
Lisa: Yup! For sure! Although, Ran's the same as you, Arisa, so you have your work cut out for you there...
Arisa: Ooo...
Lisa: But hey, it'll all work out! Now, how about we move on to the simulation part of the lesson?
Rimi: A simulation? Of what?
Lisa: A conversation with Ran and Himari, of course!
