event58-05 Chapter 4: And Again! Real World Edition

At Lisa's urging, the three head to the mall. That's when Ran and Himari show up.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Restaurant]

Arisa: What are you talking about?! There's no way we can just jump right into a real-life conversation!
Lisa: I mean~, we've kinda lost sight of what Ran and Himari are actually like, though...
Rimi: I'm sorry...
Lisa: Ah, it's okay, Rimi! It's not your fault. I thought pretending to be them would help, but it looks like we're a little limited by our own imaginations...
Arisa: Yeah, that's true...
Lisa: Sitting here isn't really going to help us come up with something either. So why don't we head over to the shopping mall? Just the three of us.
Arisa: Well, if it's just us... I suppose that'll be okay.
Rimi: Y-yeah, I think so too!
Lisa: Awesome! Then let's get going!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Rimi: By the way, Lisa-san, when we were doing that simulation, didn't you say there's a candy shop here?
Lisa: I sure did! I heard it's pretty new. We should check that out first!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Candy Shop]

Rimi: Wow, this store is so cute!
Lisa: No kidding! Mmm~, everything smells so sweet and delicious♪
Arisa: They're selling imported snacks too.
Rimi: They are! Look at how colorful these international candies are. How cute~.
Lisa: It looks like they allow photography since the shop's design is so adorable too. See, they even have a photo spot set up!
Lisa: If Himari was here, she'd definitely take tons of pictures~. She'd be like, "I need to post these online!"
Rimi: Fufu, I was just thinking about doing the same thing. I want to send them to my sister, Kasumi-chan and the others.
Arisa: M-maybe I should take some pictures too...
Lisa: Hey, check these out! They've got mustache-shaped candies!
Arisa: You're right. They've got all sorts of shapes here, don't they? Ah, these marshmallows look like ghosts.
Lisa: Wow~, they've got a little bit of everything here! Fufu, it's so cute! I'd feel kinda bad eating it.
Rimi: Take a look at this chocolate bar! It's huge...!
Lisa: Whoa! That is big! I can't even see your face.
Arisa: How the heck are you supposed to eat that?!
Rimi: Even if we divided it up between the three of us, we'd still have a lot of chocolate~...
Arisa: For sure. Finishing that would be impossible. Don't try to rope us into eating that with you if it's just gonna be us three.
Rimi: Aww~, okay...
Arisa: Quit looking so disappointed!
Lisa: (Arisa and Rimi seem to be having fun♪ They're talking to me without any trouble at all.)
Lisa: (I bet they'd be fine if Himari and Ran were here~... Ah, that's it!)
Rimi: Uhm, how much chocolate can you eat in a day, Lisa-san?
Lisa: Hm? Ah, sorry, I just missed a call from Yukina, so I'm going to step out for a bit. We can talk more when I get back!
Arisa: Huh?! W-wait, Lisa-san!
Arisa: ... Sigh~... Whatever...
Rimi: Ah, Arisa-chan, look! These chocolates are all shaped like adorable little animals~!
Arisa: You sure changed the subject fast...
Rimi: With this, we could divide everything up and eat them, right?
Arisa: Oh, that's true. Still, that's a lot of chocolate. We'd need Kasumi and the others here, or maybe even some other peop-...
Himari: Rimi~! Arisa~!
Ran: They really are here.
Arisa: Gah!!  H-Himari-chan, Ran-chan...
Ran: Did you just say, 'gah'?
Arisa: N-nope, not me! S-so what are you doing here?
Lisa: Oh, you know, we just happened to run into each other~.
Ran: Huh? You're the one who called-
Lisa: Shh! Just play along! I promise I'm not up to anything!
Ran: When you put it like that, it sure sounds like you are...
Lisa: Come on~! Please! Just this once! I'm begging you!
Ran: I don't know what's going on, but if you're willing to go that far, I can't really say no...
Arisa: This is bad... I totally failed during our simulation. There's no way I can talk to them normally here...
Rimi: Arisa-chan, I'm scared...
Arisa: Hahaha... Me too...
