event58-07 Ending: A Fun Conversation

Ran and Himari finally know the truth. Will the five of them really become friends...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Candy Shop]

Ran: A conversation simulation...?
Arisa: I saw you two downtown earlier today, but when I tried to call out to you, I just couldn't do it.
Arisa: So Lisa-san and Rimi agreed to help me practice by pretending to be you guys while we talked.
Lisa: Yup, I'm the one who came up with that idea. I played Himari, and Rimi was Ran.
Ran: Rimi was me?
Rimi: I didn't do very well, though...
Arisa: Rimi's version of you came off as someone trying to act like a scary punk. Oh jeez... Just thinking about it makes me laugh...!
Ran: Hey! Cut it out!
Himari: Something tells me that's not what you should be mad about...
Rimi: Ooo, I'm sorry, Ran-chan. I've always thought of you as this cool, silent type...
Ran: I-I don't really have a problem with that part...
Rimi: You may be quiet, but you're also kind... In a way, you really are strong, Ran-chan.
Arisa: Listen to this, though. She doesn't like sweets. If someone was only trying to act tough, I bet they'd say that for sur-... Fufu! I'm sorry, I can't take it...!
Ran: Quit laughing!
Lisa: Ahaha, Arisa, Ran's getting mad!
Ran: So this simulation nonsense was all your idea, right, Lisa-san? So it's your fault this is happening! You even called us here too!
Arisa: Huh? Is that true?!
Lisa: Ngh, don't blame me~! You and Rimi were having such an easy time talking to each other, I thought you'd be fine if Ran and Himari joined us...
Rimi: So that's why they showed up...
Himari: By the way, Lisa-senpai's the one who played me, right? How did she do?
Arisa: It was pretty accurate, actually...
Rimi: Yeah, the perfect impression, unlike mine.
Himari: Wow~! Really?! I should have known you'd do amazing, Lisa-senpai!
Lisa: A-ahaha~. Yeah, well, you know~♪
Arisa: When we were practicing, I thought she was being a little ridiculous at first...
Arisa: But now that we've gotten a chance to talk, it turns out her impression was spot-on...
Himari: Th-that doesn't sound like a good thing!
Ran: Ahaha! Ridiculous, huh? That's Himari for sure!
Himari: Argh~! Lisa-senpai~!
Lisa: I'm sorry!
Ran: You're getting a lot of scolding today, huh?
Lisa: Ooo~, I already apologized, didn't I~?!  Still, I'm just glad the four of you are getting along. Arisa and Rimi looked like they were having fun hanging out with you two.
Arisa: I didn't do so well during the simulation itself... Although, I suppose that might have something to do with how weird Rimi's version of Ran-chan was.
Arisa: Once we started actually talking... I think I did alright.
Rimi: Yeah, I had a lot of fun! Himari-chan and I have a lot in common...
Himari: We sure do! You said you like chocolates and sweets, right? You'll have to give me some good recommendations~♪
Ran: Arisa, you should tell me more about bonsai gardening sometime. I might learn something I can use in flower arranging.
Arisa: S-sure...! I have this gardening center I go to fairly often, so let me know if you're interested...
Himari: Does that mean you're a regular there? You must be really serious about bonsai trees, then. That's so cool...!
Arisa: I-I don't know about that...
Lisa: Yup, seeing you guys get along so well really does warm my heart~. Is everyone free after this?
Lisa: If you are, why don't we all go shopping?
Rimi: I'd love to!
Himari: No objections here!
Ran: Why not? Hanging out with people outside your usual friend group every once in a while is-
Arisa: "Isn't so bad"?
Lisa: Yeah, it's not so bad! Ahaha!
Ran: Arisa, Lisa-san, one more word and I'll really get mad!
Himari: But you already are~♪ Fufu.
Ran: Argh, whatever...!
Arisa, Lisa, Himari & Rimi: Ahahaha!
