1074_Reona Nyubara_R3 Look of Affection

<PAREO's Energy Source♪>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Reona Nyubara)

[Station Entrance]

PAREO (Reona): Sigh... I hope CHU²-sama and LAYER-san are alright...
PAREO (Reona): No, this won't do...! Nothing good can come from feeling sad...
PAREO (Reona): At times like this... I need to charge my batteries a hundred times over with some Pastel＊Palettes music videos♪ Time to hit that play button♪
PAREO (Reona): (Eek~! Aya-chan aimed her double pistol pose right at me~! Her smile is so cute and lovely~♪)
PAREO (Reona): (No way~! No waaay~! My heart is going to burst from this cuteness overload~!)
???: Hm~? Is that PARE-chan over there?
PAREO (Reona): ... Huh?
Hina: Ah, I knew it! Hey~! PARE-chan!
PAREO (Reona): Eek! H-H-H-H-Hina-chan?!
Aya: Hello, PAREO-chan. What brings you here?
PAREO (Reona): A-Aya-chan too?! Oh my gosh... H-h-h-h-hello!
PAREO (Reona): (Whaaat?! I can't believe they're right here in front of me... Th-that and... I get to see my idols... in their casual clothes! My eyes are being blinded by their shining presence~!)
Aya: Ah, um, sorry. I guess we scared you by calling out like that.
PAREO (Reona): N-no, n-not at all! Um, I'll always be cheering you on! No, I mean, thank you for allowing me to cheer you on!
Aya: Fufu, we should thank you for all of your continued support!
Hina: We're on our way back from a shoot~. What are you doing out here, PARE-chan?
PAREO (Reona): U-um... I-I'm waiting for the train!
Hina: Hahaha, PARE-chan screws up just like you do, Aya-chan~!
Aya: Stop that, Hina-chan! Don't cause trouble for her.
Aya: Sorry, PAREO-chan. Do you need to catch your train?
PAREO (Reona): N-no! I'm just on my way home after rehearsal, and there is still time before my train departs.
Hina: Gotcha~. RAS practices over at CHU²-chan's Penthouse, right~? How long does it take to get from here to your house?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, w-well, I'd say it takes around two hours by train.
Hina & Aya: Two hours?!
PAREO (Reona): Yes! I always hurry here right after school... Ah, after changing clothes, that is.
Hina: Whoa, isn't that a major hassle to do every single day? I know that two hours is enough to make me give up and quit.
PAREO (Reona): Not at all! Compared to what Pastel＊Palettes goes through, my situation is trivial at best.
PAREO (Reona): Besides, the long ride to CHU²-sama's Penthouse gives me plenty of special time to dream about her♪
Aya: I see... I think I can understand that. Whenever I space out on the train, all the important people in my life tend to pop into my head.
Aya: During my ride home, thinking of my fellow members, as well as all of our fans, gives me the motivation to keep trying the next day.
PAREO (Reona): Oh my gosh, oh my gosh! Aya-chan feels the same way I do! I... couldn't be happier~!
Aya: R-really? I'm a little confused, but I'm glad that you're happy.
Hina: Hahaha. PARE-chan, your face is seriously sparkling~♪
PAREO (Reona): Ahhh~! Your smiles are positively breathtaking! My happy meters are charged more than a hundred percent! I will learn from your example and approach tomorrow with a smile on my face♪
Hina: Ohhh, that's the spirit, PARE-chan! You've lost me, but go for it~!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~♪
Aya: Fufu. Ah, I have an idea. PAREO-chan, since we're all together, why don't we take a photo to celebrate getting to know each other?!
PAREO (Reona): A-a picture with the both of you?! Oh yes, plea-... W-wait! I can't! I couldn't possibly do such a thing!
Aya: Oh, sorry. Do you not want to?
PAREO (Reona): No, nothing of the sort! Sneaking my way into a private photograph with my favorite idols... is an unforgivable act as one of your fans!
Aya: Huh? Well, we're also friends through our bands, so there's no need to be so formal...
PAREO (Reona): No, no! A line in the sand must be drawn! I would like to wait until your next meet and greet. Then I shall request a photo like a proper fan should!
Aya: S-sure. I guess I can understand where you're coming from...
PAREO (Reona): Aya-chan, Hina-chan, thank you so much for taking the time to speak with me today! You have helped me feel thoroughly reinvigorated!
PAREO (Reona): From tomorrow, I can continue devoting myself to my duties as CHU²-sama's keyboardist maid from dawn until dusk! I will now take my leave♪
Aya: Ah, okay. Bye for now... Whoa, she's so fast! Look at her go...
Hina: Hahaha, cool~! PARE-chan sure is funny♪
Aya: Haha... Y-yeah. I mean, as long as she's happy...


<Maid Who Protects the Table>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Marina: Let's see, We've bought almost everything on the list. All that's left is to buy the latest issues for those music magazines.
Marina: Hm? Over by that bookshelf... Is that PAREO-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Hmmm... This book seems nice... but that one looks worthwhile too.
Marina: Hello, PAREO-chan. Why the serious expression?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I'm contemplating which book would be best to buy! Are you here to do some shopping as well?
Marina: Yeah. We're here to stock up on a few things. Which books are you mulling over, anyway?
PAREO (Reona): These two! They're both cookbooks... Please feel free to take a look.
Marina: Let's see... "Smoked Foods At Home♪ A Handy Guide" and "The Smoked Food Institute"? Are you going to try your hand at smoked foods?
PAREO (Reona): Yes♪ I have been working around the clock researching new jerky recipes for my beloved CHU²-sama.
PAREO (Reona): And during my testing, I came upon a jerky rice bowl recipe that was met with favorable feedback~!
PAREO (Reona): But I simply cannot be content with only this. I felt the burning desire to develop even more exceptional dishes. Therefore, I have decided to make jerky of my very own!
Marina: Th-that's amazing. Smoking food seems difficult, though. Do you think you can handle it?
PAREO (Reona): I've dried fish back home, and smoked foods seem kind of similar.
PAREO (Reona): So I figured that with a little practice, making jerky shouldn't be all that hard♪
PAREO (Reona): Besides, it's all for my beloved CHU²-sama! I must find a dish even more delicious than jerky rice balls.
Marina: That's the PAREO-chan I know. You're always pushing yourself further for her sake.
PAREO (Reona): Hmmm... I wouldn't describe it as pushing myself, though. Dedicating myself to her is my reason for living. I am simply doing what I want to do!
Marina: Your reason for living, huh? I'm impressed by how frank you are about it.
PAREO (Reona): No, no. There is nothing impressive about it~♪
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama is the entire reason why RAS exists in the first place! Being of use to her and being useful to the band itself are one in the same♪
Marina: Yeah, it's very obvious how much you care for RAS.
PAREO (Reona): Of course! RAS is another important object of my affection♪
PAREO (Reona): Even when times are tough, we will prevail together. I want to support them in every little way I possibly can.
PAREO (Reona): Like sitting down at the same table and enjoying a meal together... I have come to realize that those moments are also important for the band!
Marina: Right, those carefree days only help to strengthen the bonds between members.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, yes♪ That is why I, PAREO the keyboardist maid, am hoping to add some flair to our meals♪
Marina: Fufu, I think that is a wonderful idea. So, have you decided on which book to buy?
PAREO (Reona): I think I will go with both! Two types of jerky will certainly tantalize CHU²-sama's taste buds♪
PAREO (Reona): Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Until we meet again♪
