1123_Reona Nyubara_R3 Matching Meals

Gacha phrase: I wish to have the same thing as CHU²-sama♪

<Chu²-sama’s Fitness Plan>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Hello!
Lisa: Come on in~.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you for your assistance today, Lisa-san. I appreciate it very much!
Lisa: Ahaha, there's no need to be so formal~. Relax♪
Lisa: So... You want to make CHU² eat vegetables without her finding out, right?
PAREO (Reona): Yes... CHU²-sama has only been eating jerky lately... It's jerky in the morning, jerky at noon, jerky in the evening, and jerky in between...
Lisa: Whoa...
PAREO (Reona): At this rate, I fear for CHU²-sama's health..!
PAREO (Reona): I was discussing a way to deal with the problem with Massu-san when I remembered that you are an expert cook!
Lisa: Gee, thanks~☆
PAREO (Reona): My research has uncovered rumors of your skill! And I have had first-hand experience tasting your delightful cookies!
Lisa: That's some impressive research~! I'm also glad to hear you liked my cookies♪
Lisa: I don't know if CHU² will like my cooking, but I'll see what I can do!
PAREO (Reona): Your assistance is very much appreciated!
Lisa: Alright, could you start by telling me how much she dislikes vegetables?
PAREO (Reona): Hmm... She always leaves any vegetables that are served uneaten. When she ordered fried rice at Galaxy Ramen, she even asked that it be prepared without any green onions.
Lisa: Oof~... Sounds like she'll be a tough nut to crack.
Lisa: How about disguising the vegetables by pureeing them and serving them as potage soup?
PAREO (Reona): Ah... I have already made such an attempt, but it failed to work a second time...
Lisa: Ahaha, I see~... What about mixing them in with meat?
Lisa: For example~... A Hamburg steak with finely grated carrots.
PAREO (Reona): What a marvelous suggestion! I shall add it to my CHU²-sama recipe book!
Lisa: Nice, I'm glad I could be of assistance♪
PAREO (Reona): Oh, do you happen to know of a good way to make someone eat tomatoes without them finding out?
Lisa: Tomatoes?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, she finds the grassy smell to be unpleasant... The potage I mentioned earlier contained tomatoes, so she refused to drink it...
PAREO (Reona): I have also attempted to reduce the quantity, puree them, and mix them in soup, but all of my attempts have ended in failure...
PAREO (Reona): I even tried to take advantage of when she was half asleep, but the moment I placed a small quantity in her mouth, she became furious...
Lisa: Oh boy. I can tell this isn't going to be easy~. By the way, you've been trying really hard, haven't you?
PAREO (Reona): Of course. I am CHU²-sama's keyboardist maid, after all♪
PAREO (Reona): As CHU²-sama's keyboardist maid, it is my responsibility to ensure that she remains in good health!
PAREO (Reona): I do my best to observe CHU²-sama so that I can notice even the slightest change in her condition♪
Lisa: Wow~! It's incredible how much attention you pay to her.
PAREO (Reona): I do not know if this is why, but lately I have become able to identify what CHU²-sama is thinking from her expressions!
PAREO (Reona): I can tell when she is thinking about a song or when she will start to feel thirsty!
Lisa: Ahaha, it's obvious you really care about her~.
PAREO (Reona): And that is why I wish for CHU²-sama to have a nutritious diet...
Lisa: Hmm, I wish I could help... Ah!
Lisa: Oh yeah! Hold on.
PAREO (Reona): What is it, if I may ask?
Lisa: Fufu, I just remembered I have a little something in the fridge.
Lisa: Here you go~! Try it.
PAREO (Reona): Oh my, this gelatin dessert is so red and beautiful! What is it made of?
Lisa: Why don't you try to guess?
PAREO (Reona): I shall...! Mmm, this is delicious! Judging from the color, it is probably... strawberry? No, perhaps cherry.
Lisa: Fufufu. This is actually made of tomatoes.
PAREO (Reona): Tomato gelatin?!
Lisa: Mmhmm. I found it on social media~☆ It's sweet and yummy, isn't it? It's really easy to make too.
PAREO (Reona): This is so wonderful! CHU²-sama might be willing to try some if it is a dessert!
PAREO (Reona): Please, Lisa-san, I beg of you to teach me how to make this!
Lisa: Leave it to me! Let's do what we can for CHU²☆
PAREO (Reona): Yes!
PAREO (Reona): Oh, CHU²-sama! I shall do my absolute bestest for you~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse]

CHU² (Chiyu): Achoo...! I have a feeling something bad is about to happen...


<Thinking of You, Master>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Station Entrance]

PAREO (Reona): {{userName}}-san! Hello! Is today your day off?
PAREO (Reona): I have band practice with RAS. I am cute and bubbling with energy as always~!
PAREO (Reona): Not at all. While it is true that CHU²-sama's penthouse is quite a ways away, I do not find going there to be a hassle.
PAREO (Reona): Rather, I wish I could be at CHU²-sama's side even more!
PAREO (Reona): But it goes without saying that I shall go to the ends of the earth should CHU²-sama command it!
PAREO (Reona): Time spent traveling is precious time that can be spent thinking about my master.
PAREO (Reona): I do not know if it is because we have been spending more time together, but I feel I can better tell what CHU²-sama is thinking!
PAREO (Reona): It pleases me so much! I must strive to be of even greater use to her.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, did you know that Massu-san and LOCK-san spent time together?
PAREO (Reona): A jam session they did apparently did not go well, so they decided to spend time together in order to be able to play in harmony.
PAREO (Reona): They were uncertain if their endeavor had any effect, but I believe it did!
PAREO (Reona): The air which surrounds them has become even warmer than before, and they are even more in sync during our concerts!
PAREO (Reona): By the way, I noticed you were also present at our concert the other day.
PAREO (Reona): Please allow me to express my gratitude for coming. I also apologize for not thanking you sooner.
PAREO (Reona): What did you think of our performance?
PAREO (Reona): Thank you for your praise~! I am pleased to hear you enjoyed it!
PAREO (Reona): I am certain we were even more stunning and cute than usual!
PAREO (Reona): To borrow CHU²-sama's words, we were melodic and impeccable!
PAREO (Reona): I shall deepen my bond with CHU²-sama and the rest of RAS to make our music even more delightful~!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much! Knowing that you support us means a lot to me!
PAREO (Reona): I hope to see you again at our concerts!
