1124_Reona Nyubara_R4 I’ll Always Love You

Gacha phrase: My love for Pastel＊Palettes is eternal~!

<PAREO's Ultimate Folder>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Okay! It's almost done. Let's end today's practice here.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, CHU²-sama! Good work, everybody.
LAYER, LOCK & MASKING: Good job. Good work today! Nice one.
PAREO (Reona): ...♪
MASKING (Masuki): PAREO, did somethin' good happen? You keep lookin' at your phone.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. And you've been humming all day.
PAREO (Reona): Nothing good has happened in particular, but rather, my heart will not stop fluttering... Ever since the open recording of All Day＊Bushido, all I can think about is Pastel＊Palettes!
PAREO (Reona): When I review the photos from that day, the joy I felt comes rushing back to me...
LOCK (Rokka): The pictures they uploaded on the official Pastel＊Palettes account after the event were very cute!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, they were~! And aside from those, there was the picture Hina-chan uploaded the day before yesterday...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, here it is. It is a picture of the five members eating snacks in the dressing room!
LOCK (Rokka): Wah~, so cute! I guess even idols relax like this when they're in the dressing room~.
MASKING (Masuki): Lemme see... Eve looks cute here.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, she is so adorable when she chews on cookies like that~! There are even photos of Aya-chan and Maya-san practicing their winking...
PAREO (Reona): And in this one, Chisato-san looks so beautiful... And then, and then...
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, PAREO really enjoys talking about Pastel＊Palettes.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah. But man, she sure does have a lot of photos. I'm pretty sure there's more of 'em than the last time she showed me.
PAREO (Reona): That is because I constantly check the Pastel＊Palettes social media accounts. When they upload new videos, I immediately save them into my Pastel＊Palettes folder!
LOCK (Rokka): It doesn't end, no matter how far I scroll...! How many do you have in total?
PAREO (Reona): Hmm, I have been doing this ever since I became a fan of Pastel＊Palettes, so... More than 1,000.
LAYER (Rei): 1,000?! Your love for them sure is deep.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Hm? Oi, PAREO, what's this folder?
LOCK (Rokka): RAS IS THE BEST!...? Is that the title of the folder?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it is a compilation of all the pictures and videos we have taken since we started performing together as RAS!
LAYER (Rei): There are so many... Ah, this one... Is this from the other day when we were getting ready for our show?
MASKING (Masuki): You look real nervous 'ere, LOCK. But then you let loose on stage.
LOCK (Rokka): I can't help but feel nervous before a show...!
LAYER (Rei): I think it'd be better if you were a little more nervous, Masuki. Look, here, in the background of this photo.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, she's lying down on stage again...! I wish I could relax this much when I'm up there.
PAREO (Reona): I have some video files somewhere... Ah, here it is.
LAYER (Rei): Ahh! This is from when LOCK tried to play the drums during a break at practice, right?
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, yeah! I taught her. Let's watch it.
LOCK (Rokka): ... I-I sound terrible.
PAREO (Reona): You were hitting everything all at once sayin', "I can't move my hands and feet separately~!"
LOCK (Rokka): Ngh... It's embarrassing now that I think about it...
MASKING (Masuki): But after that, you managed to get a basic rhythm goin', remember? Like you just randomly got better.
LAYER (Rei): Fufufu, that's right.
LOCK (Rokka): It didn't happen very long ago, but it already feels kind of nostalgic.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah... We've done so many things together.
PAREO (Reona): We have! I think we tend to forget about these little moments, even if they were very enjoyable ones.
PAREO (Reona): But I want to remember every single fun memory we have, even the ones from random days like this. I treasure all of the laughter and small challenges we have shared together!
LOCK (Rokka): So you're preserving all the small moments you don't want to forget with photos and videos...? That is wonderful!
PAREO (Reona): I will keep adding to my collection, so perhaps one day it will become an even bigger folder than the Pastel＊Palettes one.
MASKING (Masuki): I like the sound of that! ... Hm? PAREO, what 'bout this folder?
LAYER (Rei): "The Most Powerful and Lovely Girl in the Universe"...?
PAREO (Reona): Ahh, that is a treasure trove filled with CHU²-sama's charm~!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...?
PAREO (Reona): I have pictures of her cute face when she is sleeping, of course. I also have her serious face when she is working and her satisfied face when she tastes jerky...
PAREO (Reona): I even have an amazing photo of her blushing just the tiniest bit!
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO~... When did you take these?! MASKING, hand me that phone this instant!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, why?
CHU² (Chiyu): You know why! To delete them!
PAREO (Reona): Whaaat~?! Y-you cannot! Massu-san, return it to me!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, hey, calm down, guys.
CHU² (Chiyu): Silence! You took these photos secretly! There is no way I can allow it! MASKING, hurry up and give it to me!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, I beg of you! Please... Anything but this~!


<My Duty as a Pastel＊Palettes Fan>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Good work today~. Things have calmed down around here, so how about we take a break in the café?
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~... They are so cute, no matter how many times I watch...
Marina: Oh? Is that person sitting over there staring at their phone... PAREO-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello~.
Marina: Hi there. What were you looking at?
PAREO (Reona): I was watching a video of Pastel＊Palettes while waiting for my hot cocoa!
Marina: I see. You are a fan of them, aren't you?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I am! I always make sure to go to their concerts, and I even go to their meet and greets and open recordings!
Marina: Wow, that's impressive! Are their radio recordings held like an event or something?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Eve-chan has her own radio show, and the other day they recorded it in front of an audience! I went to cheer her on~!
PAREO (Reona): I am so glad that I got to see Eve-chan at 120% happiness and cuteness this time.
Marina: I take it that wasn't the case the first time?
PAREO (Reona): No... She seemed a little down, and she spoke in a very unmelodic, bland voice...
PAREO (Reona): I thought it was perhaps because starting a new show can be very stressful...
Marina: I see... As her fan, I bet you were really worried.
PAREO (Reona): But now she's gone back to her cute warrior self, so the show is full of charm~!
PAREO (Reona): Even in yesterday's show, she encouraged people to face their problems head-on...! Sigh, how can Eve-chan be that cute...?
Marina: Fufu, it's a relief that Eve-chan is back to her old self. Do you also send in letters for her show, PAREO-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Of course! She has even read one of my letters on air before!
PAREO (Reona): It seems she must have seen my posts on social media because she talked about them on her show...!
PAREO (Reona): She thanked me for the letter and the posts... And she said... that they gave her courage...
Marina: Being told that by someone you admire feels really good, doesn't it?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it felt like a dream.
PAREO (Reona): Through my letters and posts, I thanked Pastel＊Palettes for all the happiness and courage they have given me.
PAREO (Reona): But I never in my wildest dreams thought they would say the very same things to me...
PAREO (Reona): Don't you think it was a miracle that my feelings reached Eve-chan and gave her joy and courage?!
Marina: Yeah. But I think it was possible because of how much you wanted your feelings to reach her, PAREO-chan.
PAREO (Reona): No, no, I am just a mere fan doing my job!
PAREO (Reona): I will continue to support Pastel＊Palettes and their 120% cuteness.
