1155_Reona Nyubara_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: I'm so moved to see you remembered my birthday!

<Matching CHU²♪>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

PAREO (Reona): Phew~. That was a very good practice session, everyone!
LOCK (Rokka): You were amazing too...! And PAREO-san...
LAYER, LOCK & MASKING: Happy Birthday!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you most sincerely~! I'm so moved to see you remembered my birthday!
MASKING (Masuki): Hey, CHU². You give her the thing.
CHU² (Chiyu): To what end? It's not like it's going to matter who does.
LAYER (Rei): CHU², it has to be you today.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... Fine... Here. Open it.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much! If I may then... CHU²-sama, these are...!
MASKING (Masuki): Matchin' headphones with CHU²! Since hers has cat ears, we got you one with dog ears!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you deeply for such a wonderful gift, everyone... I must put this in a glass display case and make it my family treasure!
LOCK (Rokka): What?! B-but we all chose it for you...! You're not going to use it?
PAREO (Reona): Oh, I will use it! I shall gaze upon it every night and savor the joy of having the same headphones as CHU²-sama.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, I'm glad you like it at least.
MASKING (Masuki): If you're gonna be shovin' it in some box, guess this is the last time we'll see ya wearin' it... Real shame considerin' how cute it looks on ya.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, why don't we take a picture now then? Could you look this way, PAREO-san?
PAREO (Reona): Will this do?
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, you look so cute! Are you ready~? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<CHU²'s Delightful Specs>

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): You'll get in the way, PAREO. Just sit on the sofa and relax.
PAREO (Reona): But CHU²-sama~, how can I not do anything when everyone else is so busy...?
PAREO (Reona): May I at least prepare everyone's drinks?
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... Listen. Today's your birthday, so you're supposed to do nothing.
PAREO (Reona): ... That may be, but...
CHU² (Chiyu): Sit on the sofa... That's an order.
PAREO (Reona): As you command~, master~.
CHU² (Chiyu): For crying out loud. You really need to learn to let other people handle things at times like these.
PAREO (Reona): I am very sorry~... It is just that I feel better when I am at least a little busy~.
PAREO (Reona): When it is time for your birthday, I will ensure that your party will be even bigger and better than the last time, and I will make it the very best party ever, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Halt... Like I've been trying to tell you, today's your big day, you know? Why are you suddenly bringing up my birthday?
PAREO (Reona): But that is precisely why! After all, I am most fortunate to have my birth celebrated by all of you.
PAREO (Reona): So when your turns come, I wish to give back just as much happiness as I am being given today!
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Knock yourself out.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you~! I shall do exactly that♪
CHU² (Chiyu): If not having anything to do bothers you so much, why not listen to some music using the headphones we just gave you?
PAREO (Reona): Oh my! Are you speaking of the headphones that match yours, CHU²-sama?
CHU² (Chiyu): Indeed. But they don't just look like mine, they have the same specs too. We've ordered you the best, and yes, they've been burned in as well.
PAREO (Reona): Th-this is unbelievable! To think that my headphones match yours on the inside too! I must store it in a glass display case with a lock and-
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh, you're missing the point! I know it's your headphones now, so it's your business, but...
CHU² (Chiyu): We got you headphones with the best audio quality possible, so turning them into some decoration is beyond preposterous!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama... Yes, it is as you say! Thank you very much.
PAREO (Reona): Then I shall use it with care and do my utmost to ensure it does not become blemished or damaged.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah, that's a far better idea. And by the way, LOCK and the other two were the ones who came up with the idea, so if you're gonna thank someone, thank them instead.
PAREO (Reona): Of course, I shall do so! However, I wished to express my gratitude to you first, CHU²-sama.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... Just don't forget to enjoy the party... And that's an order.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~♪
