1192_Reona Nyubara_R2 Sweet Consideration

<Giddy Kitchen>

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, your tea is ready~.
PAREO (Reona): Should you not take a break? You have been in front of the computer since morning.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hm, you're right. I think I will.
CHU² (Chiyu): Mm... This tea smells nice.
PAREO (Reona): You can tell? I used some different tea leaves~♪
PAREO (Reona): When I went shopping the other day with Massu-san, she introduced me to a rather wonderful shop.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's pretty good. I like it.
PAREO (Reona): Why, thank you very much~♪ By the way, CHU²-sama... There is something I would like your permission to do...
CHU² (Chiyu): What is it, PAREO? Out with it.
PAREO (Reona): I also happened to come across some nice coffee beans, so I would like to get a coffee dripper for the kitchen.
CHU² (Chiyu): Coffee...?  For yourself?
PAREO (Reona): While I would drink some if it were available... I was thinking it would be perfect for LAYER-san.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why? You know full well that she doesn't like bitter things.
PAREO (Reona): I do, but she has recently been drinking black coffee when she is in public.
PAREO (Reona): And I fear it is very difficult for her.
PAREO (Reona): That is why I thought she could start with coffee that is easy to drink and gradually work her way up!
CHU² (Chiyu): Is there really a need to? She's just being stubborn, after all.
PAREO (Reona): That may be so, but do you not think it would be nice to assist her?
PAREO (Reona): I understand what it is like when one must pretend to be something they are not.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... I see.
CHU² (Chiyu): Okay, you can get a coffee dripper.
PAREO (Reona): I may? Thank you very much.
CHU² (Chiyu): I've left the kitchen in your hands, in the first place. You don't need to ask for my permission for everything.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...! I was unaware you placed so much trust in me.
PAREO (Reona): As your keyboardist maid, I am deeply honored, CHU²-sama~!
CHU² (Chiyu): It's nothing like that... I just dumped the kitchen on you because I don't know the first thing about kitchens.
PAREO (Reona): And I am overjoyed that you chose to do so♪
PAREO (Reona): I shall make you some delicious coffee once I have purchased a dripper, CHU²-sama.
PAREO (Reona): I can turn it into a café au lait with plenty of sugar and honey so that we may all drink it together~♪
PAREO (Reona): I do so hope the café au lait can slowly help LAYER-san transition to black coffee.
CHU² (Chiyu): It doesn't matter to me, but I don't see having a wider selection of drinks to choose from as a bad thing.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, then I really must make sure to keep the kitchen stocked with your favorites, CHU²-sama!
PAREO (Reona): Cocoa, juice... And some caramel sauce and chocolate sauce for added flavor.
PAREO (Reona): Ah! Perhaps I can set up a beverage station next to the kitchen!
PAREO (Reona): I can keep it stocked with sodas, juice, and soft serve. Oh, I just know everyone will absolutely love it♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Er, a beverage station...?
PAREO (Reona): Ohhh! What about adding a salad bar too? I can place some planters out on the terrace and use the fresh vegetables to-
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop!
PAREO (Reona): ... Oh my! M-my apologies, I was having so much fun imagining what to do that I got carried away!
CHU² (Chiyu): Fantasize all you want...
CHU² (Chiyu): But no salad bars. Are we clear?


<Makeup Photography Secrets>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Station Entrance]

PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good day~♪
Marina: Hi, PAREO-chan!
PAREO (Reona): How perfect! There is something I would like to show you both♪
Marina: O-okay... This is rather sudden. What exactly is it...? Oh, this is that music magazine you girls were featured in, right...?
PAREO (Reona): Ohhh, you are indeed correct!
PAREO (Reona): I was just in the mood to show off a little! And then you two showed up!
Marina: Fufufu, I don't blame you at all~. A lot of effort went into the article, and there were some really great photos of all of you!
PAREO (Reona): Wow, you have already seen it?! Why, thank you very much~♪ I was actually the one who did everyone's makeup.
Marina: Oh, really? I thought it was the work of a professional makeup artist.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, if that is what you thought, the additional research that I did on makeup clearly did not go to waste♪
PAREO (Reona): While I do study makeup daily, my focus is on the cute variety. This time, however, I attempted to use colors that would make everyone look cool.
PAREO (Reona): It was CHU²-sama's request, so I did my absolute very best to do as she asked.
PAREO (Reona): In order to make everyone look good on camera, I even reviewed some books by professional makeup artists.
Marina: I see, I see. I'd say all your hard work really showed~.
PAREO (Reona): Ohhh, hearing you say that makes me so happy.
PAREO (Reona): Makeup is so much fun. The more you learn, the more there is to do and explore.
PAREO (Reona): I keep wanting to learn more, so it is so very difficult to find time for anything else!
PAREO (Reona): It's so exciting to know that my makeup can make everyone in RAS look cute or cool!
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like I'll also have to keep an eye out on your makeup techniques when I'm checking out RAS.
PAREO (Reona): Why, yes! Please do so~♪
