1231_Reona Nyubara_R4 Summer Confession

Gacha phrase: Thank you for making me PAREO.

<The Pinnacle of Cuteness>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Hm-hm-hmm~♪ I have prepared some tea, everyone~♪
MASKING (Masuki): Thanks. I've been wonderin' since practice, but you seem to be in a good mood.
PAREO (Reona): I have every reason to be~♪ CHU²-sama has finally agreed to go to Toconut Park!
CHU² (Chiyu): A-all of you are just acting like I'm going!
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu. I can't wait to go.
PAREO (Reona): I feel the same way~♪
LAYER (Rei): Ah... I need to get a swimsuit since I don't have one.
MASKING (Masuki): What about you, CHU²? Guessin' you don't have one either.
CHU² (Chiyu): Like I've been saying...! Ugh, why even bother...?
CHU² (Chiyu): It's not like my choice is going to matter anyway... I'll just grab something.
PAREO (Reona): Absolutely not!
PAREO (Reona): As your keyboardist maid, I shall select a bathing suit for you that is the epitome of cuteness and stylishness, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Fine, just do whatever.
MASKING (Masuki): Why don't we go shop together? I probably need to get a new one too.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you for the invitation, Massu-san♪ However, that will not be necessary. After all...
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama's walk-in closet is already filled with bathing suits!
LOCK (Rokka): Really?! But I've never seen CHU²-san swimming in the pool...
LAYER (Rei): Why do you have so many?
CHU² (Chiyu): It's Mom's doing, not mine...
PAREO (Reona): And they are all so, so cute~♪ I shall fetch some that are suitable for you to try on!
CHU² (Chiyu): N-now?! Wait, PAREO.
MASKING (Masuki): Just look at how excited PAREO is.
LAYER (Rei): I think she'll even enjoy picking CHU²'s swimsuit more than her own.
LOCK (Rokka): She really loves CHU²-san...
PAREO (Reona): I have returned!
MASKING (Masuki): Already?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Just how many did you get...?! I didn't even know we had so many swimsuits in the closet.
LAYER (Rei): It doesn't seem like you spent all that much time trying to find something suitable.
PAREO (Reona): Ufufu♪ That is because I already went through the closet right after we discussed going to Toconut Park.
PAREO (Reona): Now then, I shall begin laying out my recommendations! Which one would you like to wear?
CHU² (Chiyu): Like I said, I don't care.
PAREO (Reona): Please do not say something so sad, CHU²-sama~.
PAREO (Reona): Look, what about this one-piece bathing suit? If you wear a straw hat with it, it will make you look like you're at a resort~. I think you would look lovely in it~.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, those are so cute! This one here with frills would probably look good on you too.
PAREO (Reona): An excellent choice~♪ It would make you look more girly than usual.
CHU² (Chiyu): That sort of design suits you and LOCK more.
MASKING (Masuki): Think it'd work for you too. What about this white lacy one?
PAREO (Reona): You have a good eye, Massu-san... I am impressed!
PAREO (Reona): At first glance, it looks cute because of the lace. However, the back is very bold. The simultaneously cute and sexy design makes it the perfect fit for-
CHU² (Chiyu): I am not wearing that!
PAREO (Reona): Aww~! It does not please you~?
LOCK (Rokka): Then... how about this floral print one?
PAREO (Reona): I like that one too. It has a simple design that will serve to draw attention to CHU²-sama's figure.
MASKING (Masuki): If you ask me, I'd say something with a bit more flash would look better. Maybe a ribbon around the chest area... Somethin' like... this!
LOCK (Rokka): That's so cute~! The blue and white looks really nice!
PAREO (Reona): Perhaps this one then? The shoulder strap has a ribbon. Just thinking about CHU²-sama wearing this makes my heart throb~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~... How can you all get so excited over picking a swimsuit that isn't even for yourself?
CHU² (Chiyu): If you want something cute, shouldn't you just wear it on your own?
LAYER (Rei): ...
CHU² (Chiyu): LAYER...?
LAYER (Rei): I think this black one would look good on you.
CHU² (Chiyu): What?! You're on their side too?!
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Sigh. Thank god I don't have to pick a swimsuit anymore... I never want to go through that nonsensical process again.
PAREO (Reona): But CHU²-sama, you were enjoying yourself toward the end~!
CHU² (Chiyu): I butt in because it looked like you were going to pick something I wouldn't want to be caught dead in!
MASKING (Masuki): I thought all of them looked cute.
LOCK (Rokka): Me too! I'm sure any of them would've looked good on you, CHU²-san.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh... Whatever. I need a short break.
PAREO (Reona): I will ensure that your bathing suit is cleaned and ready before we go to the park!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu. I cannot wait to visit Toconut Park♪


<Maximum Skin Protection>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: I think we got most of the things we need... Could you help me make sure we haven't forgotten anything?
Marina: PAREO-chan is here...? Oh, you're right. I wonder what she's doing in front of the drug store.
PAREO (Reona): Hmm~...
Marina: PAREO-chan!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. I did not expect to run into the two of you.
Marina: Hi. It looks like something's on your mind. Anything we can do?
PAREO (Reona): I have been trying to decide what sunscreen to get, but I have been having trouble deciding because there are so many kinds...
PAREO (Reona): And since it will be for CHU²-sama, only the best will do.
Marina: I see. Is CHU²-chan going somewhere?
PAREO (Reona): No, it is just that all of us went to a water park together the other day.
PAREO (Reona): And CHU²-sama ended up getting sunburned...
PAREO (Reona): My dear master was subjected to pain because I failed as her keyboardist maid...!
PAREO (Reona): That is why I shall protect CHU²-sama's skin from all harm next time!
Marina: Ah. In that case, I'd recommend this sunblock.
Marina: I used it before. It's easy to spread, and you don't have to reapply it that often.
PAREO (Reona): Hmm... It has an SPF of fifty-plus... And the PA is... This should be enough to protect CHU²-sama's skin.
PAREO (Reona): I believe I will purchase this one. Thank you very much for the recommendation and for helping me finally decide~♪
Marina: Fufu, anytime.
Marina: By the way, how was the water park? Did you have fun?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! It was my first time going to a water park like Toconut Park, so I enjoyed my time there greatly♪
Marina: Huh, I see. I kinda assumed you would've gone before since you seem like the type who likes amusement parks.
PAREO (Reona): It was actually my very first time. That is why I was so excited. Even with all of my energy, I practically collapsed when I arrived home~.
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you had a great time then. I hope you get to go with the girls again.
PAREO (Reona): As do I! May I tell you about it again when I do?
Marina: Of course~.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much. Unfortunately, I must bid you farewell in order to search for more items to protect CHU²-sama's skin.
Marina: Huh? You still need more things?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. Sunscreen alone will hardly suffice.
PAREO (Reona): I still need a straw hat, ultraviolet face mask, sunglasses, sun arm sleeves, and a sun umbrella.
Marina: Th-that's a lot. And all of it is going to be for CHU²-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Why, yes! It is my duty as CHU²-sama's keyboardist maid to protect her skin♪
