1375_Reona Nyubara_R3 Your Mother, Master?!

<Still Necessary Regardless>

(Character: Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama~♪ It is I, PAREO~!
PAREO (Reona): ... Hmm? The room feels different somehow... And there is no sign of CHU²-sama either...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hi... PAREO... You couldn't have shown up at a better time...
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama?! You seem very exhausted... Ah! Did you end up working all night because you were so focused?!
CHU² (Chiyu): No... I was trying to put away the mountain of overseas concert gifts that my mom sent, and I decided to tidy things up a little...
CHU² (Chiyu): But then I started noticing a lot of places that could use some work, and this is the result...
PAREO (Reona): I was wondering why the room is littered with so many unfamiliar items!
PAREO (Reona): I now understand the situation! Please leave the housekeeping to me. It is part of my duties as your maid, after all!
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks... I appreciate it.
(Black cut)

[1 Hour Later]

PAREO (Reona): Your tea is ready, CHU²-sama~! I have included extra honey to help with your fatigue!
CHU² (Chiyu): Thanks... I can't believe you managed to take care of all that stuff so quickly... Before you showed up, I was sure it was going to take forever...
PAREO (Reona): The trick is to start with the larger items and leave the smaller ones for later. Worrying about the little things will only serve to tire you out and result in a poorly-done job!
CHU² (Chiyu): I see... So that's how it works.
PAREO (Reona): Incidentally, CHU²-sama, you really must summon me the next time you wish to do some cleaning!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll be sure to do that.
PAREO (Reona): What would you like done with the items gathered over here?
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmm... These can be thrown away. The rest can go in the closet.
PAREO (Reona): ...? The closet? Are you certain it will be okay to reduce the space you have inside...?
CHU² (Chiyu): No problem... I can't think of any other place to store them anyway.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...! I am very overwhelmed right now!
PAREO (Reona): You are saying you no longer require the closet because you have us, are you not?!
CHU² (Chiyu): I-I didn't say anything remotely like that! Stop fantasizing!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, as you command!
PAREO (Reona): However, if I may... I believe you should keep the closet as it is.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why...?
PAREO (Reona): Please forgive my impertinence! I understand that you did not ask for my opinion.
PAREO (Reona): But... You oftentimes spend most of your waking hours inside the closet when you are writing music, so I believe it would be best to refrain from using it as storage.
CHU² (Chiyu): A little extra stuff isn't going to bother me...
PAREO (Reona): Should your work environment change, there is a possibility that it will hamper your ability to write music. That would be a grave loss to RAS and the music world!
PAREO (Reona): There are other reasons as well, such as-
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop, I get it. You don't want me to use the closet for extra storage.
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't understand why you're so against it... But you better find another spot for all of these items then.
PAREO (Reona): Of course, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Seriously... You can be so stubborn about the weirdest little things... So, do you have any idea where to put these away?
PAREO (Reona): As a matter of fact, I do! It is my duty as your keyboardist maid to be intimately familiar with every single square inch of your residence, CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): Alright, then I'll let you take care of it.
CHU² (Chiyu): Once that's done, I want you to help me do a final review of some promotional material for the Advanced Rock Festival. After that-
PAREO (Reona): You would like me to prepare your meal and make sure that everything is in order regarding the shipping of our equipment for the concert, I assume.
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes, exactly. You know me too well, PAREO.
PAREO (Reona): It is only natural that I do! After all, I am your keyboardist maid, CHU²-sama♪


<My Master Shines Even More♡>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: I'm so glad they agreed to put up the posters for the next concert! Negotiating for it was so worth it, wasn't it~...? Hmm?
PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san! And {{userName}}-san too! What a coincidence it is to see you both here♪
Marina: Fufu, it sure is. Doing some shopping?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I was just at the bookstore! CHU²-sama asked me to purchase magazines covering the Advanced Rock Festival!
Marina: RAS was the opening act, right? You girls did great, I hear!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you for your kind words! I know we were simply the opening act, but even I was quite nervous given the festival's status~...
Marina: Fufu, but the response seems to have been worth it all.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it has been! The new music video we uploaded has been getting a lot more views than usual♪
Marina: I remember being pretty surprised by the number when we took a look.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, you both watched it too? Thank you very much♪ I am sure CHU²-sama will be most pleased!
Marina: All this attention probably means people are asking you to do interviews, right?
PAREO (Reona): How very astute of you, though I would expect no less.
PAREO (Reona): Not only have we received interview requests, but we have also been asked to do social media promotions... There is even talk of working on a CD featuring our song.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama is making many plans to capitalize on our current rise in popularity!
Marina: Nice! That sounds like CHU²-chan! She really is something!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, CHU²-sama certainly is! And she has become even more incredible after the festival experience!
PAREO (Reona): Now that she has come to acknowledge her own talent, she shines even more brightly...!
PAREO (Reona): And there is no sign of her slowing down... The light with which CHU²-sama shines has become so great lately that it is even blinding!
Marina: Ahaha... Th-that's quite some praise...
Marina: But I'm guessing having such a brilliant producer at the helm means some of that light is rubbing off on RAS, right?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! And I must become an even more able keyboardist maid so that I will be able to better assist CHU²-sama in her endeavors!
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure she takes comfort knowing that you've got her back.
Marina: Especially because of how easy it is to get carried away and not notice you're overdoing it when you're busy.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama does, indeed, have a tendency to do so, but I shall be there to help when she does!
PAREO (Reona): That is why I have been searching for books to help me be a better maid... It has been difficult, however. Would either of you happen to have any recommendations?
Marina: M-maids, huh...? It's a bit outside our field of expertise, unfortunately...
