1518_Reona Nyubara_R3 MELODY SQUAD KEYBOARD

Gacha phrase: I will protect you, LOCK-san!

<A Part of PAREO>

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Hmhmhmm~♪
LOCK (Rokka): Good rehearsal today, PAREO-san.
PAREO (Reona): You too~♪ You were so passionate on the guitar today.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you. Your notes sounded even more energetic than usual too. Did something good happen?
PAREO (Reona): Actually, something good is about to happen♪
MASKING (Masuki): Lemme guess. You're goin' to a Pastel＊Palettes show?
PAREO (Reona): Bingo, Massu-san! Today, I am going to a small Pastel＊Palettes show being held to celebrate the release of their new single♪
LAYER (Rei): Wow, that sounds nice. We were so busy rehearsing for the Tokyo R Festival, so I bet it's been a while since you've seen a Pastel＊Palettes show.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it has. Ever since the Tokyo R Festival ended, I have been waiting sooo long for this day to come.
PAREO (Reona): I am so excited that I brought all kinds of things to cheer with♪
CHU² (Chiyu): So that's what that huge suitcase is... I was wondering why you had a luggage cart with you.
MASKING (Masuki): What kinda stuff did you bring to cheer on the girls?
PAREO (Reona): What a wonderful question! Please take a look♪
LAYER (Rei): Whoa, that's a lot of stuff.
PAREO (Reona): I have some lightsticks. Of course, I only brought colors that match the members of Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): This is my happi coat and my t-shirt. I was not sure which colors to wear at first, but in the end, I decided to wear ones that match the entire band again...!
PAREO (Reona): Last are a wig and some colored contacts. Their new CD has a powerful solo part by Maya-san, so I picked her color♪
MASKING (Masuki): Maya-san's got a solo?! Lemme hear Pastel＊Palettes's new song sometime!
PAREO (Reona): Of course~♪ I will lend you my CD next time!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. When Pastel＊Palettes has a show, you are so full of energy.
LOCK (Rokka): You sure are. Just seeing you gets me excited.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you. But it is not only their shows that fill me with excitement♪
PAREO (Reona): I love seeing Pastel＊Palettes when they are on TV or in a show online.
PAREO (Reona): I am happy when they update their social media too. When there is no news, I write letters to them and email Eve-chan's radio show...
PAREO (Reona): And sometimes, I start smiling when I remember that, at that very moment, Chisato-san is filming a TV show.
PAREO (Reona): Pastel＊Palettes is part of my life♪
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~!
LAYER (Rei): You like them so much that you think they're a part of your life? That's incredible.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's fine to have hobbies, just make sure you don't forget the areas I told you to work on in today's rehearsal.
PAREO (Reona): Of course not! It is not only Pastel＊Palettes. RAS is also a part of my life.
PAREO (Reona): I never forget to practice the keyboard every day. When I hear a motorcycle pass by outside, I think of Massu-san.
PAREO (Reona): When someone mentions Gifu, I think of LOCK-san. And when I see a bright red sausage, I think of LAYER-san's face.
LAYER (Rei): Y-you don't say... I wish you'd forget about that already...
PAREO (Reona): And when I cannot be with CHU²-sama, I feel so lonely. I am only truly myself when I am by her side.
PAREO (Reona): When we are apart, all I do is worry. Is she eating well? Is she putting off taking a bath...?
CHU² (Chiyu): Stop! We've all heard enough about how you feel about RAS!
CHU² (Chiyu): And quit sending so many messages asking me if I've eaten or taken a bath.
CHU² (Chiyu): I always reply, don't I?!
PAREO (Reona): Yes. But knowing you are taking good care of yourself helps me sleep well at night♪
MASKING (Masuki): That sounds like a full-fledged nanny to me...
PAREO (Reona): Supporting CHU²-sama's everyday life is an important duty for me as keyboardist maid.
PAREO (Reona): Pastel＊Palettes fills my life with beautiful colors, but RAS feels more like a part of my heart.
LOCK (Rokka): I know what you mean! It's like there's a part inside of me that belongs to RAS...
PAREO (Reona): Yes, yes. I knew you would understand, LOCK-san♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeesh... Who cares. Don't you need to get ready to go already?
CHU² (Chiyu): Won't there be new merch or whatever there?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, there will be. First, I need to change...! I will go and prepare for Pastel＊Palettes's show.
MASKING (Masuki): Alright! Go get all dressed up and cute, then go and have a blast!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you! I want to show my support for Pastel＊Palettes as best I can♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What Comes With Kindness>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

PAREO (Reona): Hrm? {{userName}}-san, Marina-san. How nice to meet you here. Are you shopping?
Marina: Yeah. We're picking up some equipment for CiRCLE. How about you, PAREO-chan?
PAREO (Reona): I am buying provisions so CHU²-sama has enough to eat for the next few days♪
Marina: Provisions, you say...? Is something going on with CHU²-chan?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. CHU²-sama is busy working on new songs for our next show.
PAREO (Reona): So as CHU²-sama's keyboardist maid, I must do everything I can to support her!
Marina: Well, it is nice to have someone who can fix your meals when you're busy working on things.
Marina: Are you going to cook for her, PAREO-chan?
PAREO (Reona): I wanted to get items that would last for a while, so I bought some pre-cooked food that she can heat up. I will also cook some though.
PAREO (Reona): It takes a little time to prepare, but when I cook meals for her, I can get her to eat more vegetables...!
Marina: Oh, CHU²-chan doesn't like veggies?
PAREO (Reona): She does not. I have been especially worried about how to cook them this time so she will eat them.
PAREO (Reona): She has been working non-stop since the Tokyo R Festival, so I would like her to have a healthy diet.
Marina: Yeah, if she doesn't eat well, her health will suffer. The Tokyo R Festival was a big challenge for RAS, wasn't it?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it was very stressful. We were extremely busy rehearsing, but on top of that, people were saying awful things about us on social media...
PAREO (Reona): Every day I wanted to try helping RAS, but there was nothing I could do... It was so frustrating.
PAREO (Reona): And even when I had an idea that could solve our problem, it seemed it would only cause trouble for others outside of RAS...
PAREO (Reona): I was worrying about this by myself, but then LOCK-san helped me to finally take action.
Marina: Did Rokka-chan give you some good advice?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. LOCK-san said that we should try even if my idea might not work.
PAREO (Reona): In the end, my idea did not go as well as we hoped, but I am very happy that we still tried.
PAREO (Reona): If I had done nothing, I may not have been able to hold my head high as a member of RAS anymore.
PAREO (Reona): I really appreciate LOCK-san for encouraging me to do something.
Marina: I see. Rokka-chan is really something, isn't she?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, she is! It is wonderful how bold she can be when things seem dire. Seeing her like that again has reminded me that I need to learn from her.
Marina: I hear you. But I think you're just as wonderful.
PAREO (Reona): Huh?
Marina: In an emergency, it's hard for people to think of others. But you can do it because you are so kind.
Marina: I bet your kindness helps the members of RAS too.
PAREO (Reona): Do you really think so? ... It would be nice if that were true.
Marina: Isn't it, though? Just a few minutes ago you were thinking about what kinds of healthy food to get CHU²-chan.
PAREO (Reona): Ah... I was. Fufufu.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you. Talking with you has lifted my spirits♪
PAREO (Reona): Well then, please take care. I must continue shopping for CHU²-sama!
Marina: See you. I hope CHU²-chan eats lots of veggies.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
