1645_Reona Nyubara_R4 Having Overcome

Gacha phrase: I told you, that is the exact sort of thing I am talking about~!

<Pastel Unicorn>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Reona Nyubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

PAREO (Reona): Fufu... This final development... It is well done, even if I do say so myself♪
Kokoro: Oh? If it isn't PAREO!
Kanon: Hello, PAREO-chan.
PAREO (Reona): Kokoro-san. Kanon-san. Hello♪
Kanon: What is that you're reading? ... Is it a picture book?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. I made it in a class at school.
Kanon: I see. The cover is really cute.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much. I put quite a bit of work into its design♪
Kanon: Fufu. You love cute things, after all.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, that is because cuteness encompasses all of creation! It is more important than anything!
Kokoro: Hey, PAREO. Would it be alright for me to read your book?
PAREO (Reona): I am somewhat nervous... but please do!
Kokoro: "Long ago, three animals all lived happily together."
Kanon: Wow, the illustrations are so adorable.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much♪ Each of these animals is modeled after the members of RAS. Incidentally, this cat is-
Kokoro: Wait! I'll see if I can guess them.
Kokoro: This kitty is CHU², this bunny is LAYER, this hamster is Rokka, and... this doggy is MASKING!
PAREO (Reona): Amazing! You are absolutely correct! I am delighted you guessed them~♪
Kanon: Fufu. Each of the animals is so lively. They look so cute making a cake together~.
Kokoro: This puppy is so strong and kind to carry this ginormous bag alone!
Kokoro: PAREO, you're incredible to write a story as wonderific as this!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much! I wrote it while thinking of everyone in RAS, which helped my pencil move naturally.
Kanon: Fufu. Your picture book really shows how much you love all of them.
PAREO (Reona): Wow, that makes me so happy! When I showed the finished book to the others, they praised me for observing them so well♪
Kokoro: That's great, PAREO! But I think this story is still missing something!
PAREO (Reona): Something is missing...? What could it be?
Kokoro: It doesn't have you, PAREO!
Kokoro: You're also a member of RAS, aren't you? I'm sure these cuties would be sad if they didn't have all their friends with them!
PAREO (Reona): I see...! I certainly do want them to always have smiles on their faces...
PAREO (Reona): But when it comes to introducing myself in the story... I find myself at a loss as to what animal I resemble.
Kokoro: Hmm. I think you'd be a unicorn!
PAREO (Reona): A unicorn?
Kokoro: Yeah! The unicorns I know are fluffy, colorful, and always running around! That would be a perfect fit for you!
Kanon: Mhm, I can definitely see that. Ah, but... would it be okay for one of the characters to be an imaginary animal...?
Kokoro: Oh, what makes you say that? It may just be that no one has found a unicorn yet!
PAREO (Reona): Whoa...! That is a good point. Kokoro-san, you have an absolutely magnificent way of thinking!
PAREO (Reona): But adding a unicorn to the story now might be difficult... Hrm...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, I know! In that case, I will write the continuation of this book!
Kokoro: That's it! This is such a fun-tabulous story that I want to read even more of it! Kanon, don't you think so too?
Kanon: Yeah. If a unicorn joined the characters in this book, I get the feeling it would make the story even freer and more interesting.
PAREO (Reona): Well then, for the sequel, what do you think of a story where a unicorn comes to grant the cat's every wish and lets them ride around on their back?
Kokoro: How nice! That would be great!
Kokoro: Then while you're writing the sequel to your story, I'll make a Hello, Happy World! picture book! Let's show our stories to each other when we're finished!
PAREO (Reona): A picture book drawn by Kokoro-san...! That seems like it would be oh so lovely that I am already excited about it~♪
Kanon: Fufu. Well then, tell us when your sequel is finished.
PAREO (Reona): I will!
Kokoro: Kanon, let's have a Hello, Happy World! meeting right away! Let's all make a super-duper picture book together!
Kanon: Okay. Let's talk to Michelle to see what kind of story to make.
PAREO (Reona): ...♪
Kanon: PAREO-chan, what's the matter?
PAREO (Reona): Oh, it's nothing♪
PAREO (Reona): (The friendship between RAS's members is being conveyed to even more people... That makes me so very happy♪)


<Clear Skies after a Storm>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Residential Area]

Marina: I'm so hungry. What should we have for lunch? Huh? Isn't that person over there...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Good day!
Marina: Hello, PAREO-chan. Are you going out somewhere?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. I am on my way to visit Massu-san's house♪
Marina: Is that so? That's a cute handbag you've got there... Would that happen to be a present?
PAREO (Reona): It is! I wanted to bring her some of my handmade treats as a symbol of reconciliation.
Marina: A symbol of reconciliation?
PAREO (Reona): The truth is, I had a bit of a fight with Massu-san the other day.
Marina: What? You did? It's pretty rare for you to do something like that.
PAREO (Reona): Yes. For whatever reason, I became angry due to our tit-for-tat exchange at the time... The reason for it all was a really trivial matter.
Marina: I see. It can sometimes be hard to honestly apologize for fights started over something minor. It's like you become stubborn or something.
PAREO (Reona): That is exactly how it was for me... I was unable to offer a simple apology. I even inconvenienced CHU²-sama and the others.
Marina: But you made up already, right? That's great, PAREO-chan.
PAREO (Reona): Yes. We made up, and I feel like I have become even closer to Massu-san, so fights can be good now and again♪
Marina: Did something happen to bring you closer together?
PAREO (Reona): Well, you see, Massu-san showed me the photo she keeps in her student handbook.
PAREO (Reona): That photo was from the time we all went to the pool together...
Marina: Wow, I see. That's so like Masuki-chan to carry a photo of RAS with her.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu. Do you think so as well?
PAREO (Reona): Seeing that photo of us in her handbook, I realized that she cherishes RAS in her own way.
PAREO (Reona): Finding out that Massu-san felt the same way about the things I treasure made me so happy.
Marina: So you were able to reaffirm the strength of RAS's bonds.
PAREO (Reona): That's right! Ah, but even I was surprised when she rode her motorcycle to my hometown only to suddenly say, "I'm sorry," and then leave.
Marina: She did? Isn't where you live pretty far away?
PAREO (Reona): I imagine even traveling by motorcycle would take several hours...
Marina: Wow... That would certainly be surprising.
PAREO (Reona): That is why I thought to return the favor and surprise her by bringing handmade sweets.
Marina: Ah, then we should keep it a secret from Masuki-chan that you made them. I hope she likes them.
PAREO (Reona): As do I!
PAREO (Reona): Well, I will be on my way! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Thank you both for listening to my story.
Marina: Not at all. I had fun hearing it. Well, take care on your way there.
