1747_Reona Nyubara_R5 Marriage amid the Stars

Gacha phrase: No matter what, I will be one to stand next to Hina-chan in her wedding dress~!

<The Game Continues>

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, CHU²-sama! Please open the door, CHU²-sama~!
LOCK (Rokka): Good morning! Huh...? Are you alone?
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san~! CH-CHU²-sama won't... She won't...~!
LOCK (Rokka): Ahhh! P-please calm down! What on earth happened?
PAREO (Reona): I was just telling her about the escape room game I played when she suddenly went quiet and left the living room.
PAREO (Reona): And then, she walked into her room and locked the door... No matter how many times I call her name, she won't come out~!
LOCK (Rokka): O-Oh...! CH-CHU²-san~, good morning!
LOCK (Rokka): Um... There's still time before practice starts, so why don't we have some tea together in the living room~...?!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...
LOCK (Rokka): ... I guess that didn't work... Maybe we should give her a little space...
PAREO (Reona): Ohh, CHU²-sama~...!
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): ... Wow, I didn't know there was an event like that!
PAREO (Reona): Yes. Thanks to everyone's help, I could take a picture with Hina-chan!
LOCK (Rokka): Congratulations. I would love to see the picture next time.
PAREO (Reona): Of course~! It is hanging safely in my room now, but I will bring it to our next practice♪
LOCK (Rokka): ... Well, I feel like I know why CHU²-san went to her room after you told her about the event.
PAREO (Reona): Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): It's because she wanted you to invite her, don't you think?
PAREO (Reona): What?! R-really?!
LOCK (Rokka): You don't really seem to go out and do things without the other members of RAS.
LOCK (Rokka): If you told Masuki-san what you just told me, I think even she might've felt a little hurt that you didn't ask us to go with you.
PAREO (Reona): F-forgive me! I never meant to hurt anyone's feelings...!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, but, well, it is true that I wanted to form the best team possible for playing an escape room game...
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~, I prioritized my desire to take a picture with Hina-chan so much that I ended up doing something hurtful...!
PAREO (Reona): I must apologize to you too, LOCK-san!
LOCK (Rokka): No, no, I don't mind at all!
LOCK (Rokka): If I had gone with you, I think I would've been so nervous the whole time and not able to help with anything.
LOCK (Rokka): Plus, there were times when you had to run too, right? In that case, I don't think CHU²-san would've been, well~...
PAREO (Reona): Yes, that is true...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Fufufu.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, I can hear you, you know.
PAREO (Reona): Ahh, CHU²-sama! CHU²-sama~! Thank goodness! I thought I may never see you again for the rest of my life~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Shut up! You're being so dramatic!
LOCK (Rokka): CHU²-san, good morning.
CHU² (Chiyu): Morning.
CHU² (Chiyu): ... For your information, you did not hurt my feelings!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, understood!
PAREO (Reona): I am deeply sorry, CHU²-sama! I acted so heartlessly...!
PAREO (Reona): But, from now on, no matter what it is or where I am going, I have decided in my heart to always invite you first!
PAREO (Reona): So, CHU²-sama, why don't we go to the regular version of the escape room that Hina-chan produced? Of course, we would go with the other members of RAS too!
CHU² (Chiyu): Like I said, you didn't hurt my feelings because you didn't invite me!
CHU² (Chiyu): And if you're so desperate for people, then you should invite me first!
CHU² (Chiyu): Jeez, why do you have to be so infuriating?!
PAREO (Reona): Ahh! I'm sorry! Please do not lock yourself in your room again, CHU²-sama~!
LOCK (Rokka): She is definitely sulking...


<The Game's Rewards>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Phew~, lunch at that restaurant was really good.
Marina: Ah, isn't that PAREO-chan walking this way?
PAREO (Reona): Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi.
Marina: Hi! Are you going somewhere?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, I am going to a CD shop. I'm meeting Macchii-san... I mean, Nanami-san there.
Marina: Wow, you're meeting Nanami-chan?! I didn't know you two were so close.
PAREO (Reona): Well, she came with me a few days ago to play the escape room game Hina-chan produced. Ever since then, we have been messaging each other♪
Marina: I see~. A game Hina-chan produced sounds like it could be fun.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, it was! It was an amazing event filled with all the things that make Hina-chan so wonderful. I had the most incredible time~!
PAREO (Reona): It's as if her ideas always easily exceed fans' expectations with thrills that keep you guessing about what comes next...!
PAREO (Reona): The spaceship and the very unique story had me thinking about how extraordinary Hina-chan is!
Marina: Fufufu, it sounds like you had a really nice time. Since it was an escape room game, were the problems pretty hard?
PAREO (Reona): They were, but I am very happy I tried solving them! And thanks to Nanami-san, Rinko-san, and Arisa-san, we were the first group to finish the game!
Marina: Huh? You were first? That's incredible!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it was. Only the team that finished first was allowed to take a picture with Hina-chan. I used my head as much as I could to make that happen...!
PAREO (Reona): Taking a picture with Hina-chan wearing a wedding dress was an absolutely unforgettable moment in my life. Now, I have something new to treasure!
Marina: I see~. That was a very touching experience for you, wasn't it?
PAREO (Reona): And that day, a picture and a fun time were not the only gifts Hina-chan gave me.
PAREO (Reona): I am so happy because doing something I love let me talk to Nanami-san, Rinko-san, and Arisa-san about so many different things!
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like going to the event together helped you become better friends with them. That's great!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, it is. Hina-chan created such a wonderful opportunity for me!
Marina: I guess, then, you meeting up with Nanami-chan today is thanks to Hina-chan's event too, isn't it?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, exactly! Ever since that day, I have had more chances to talk with everyone in our group chat.
PAREO (Reona): Ah! Arisa-san just sent me a message! Yesterday, I sent everyone information about the TV show that Chisato-san is starring in!
PAREO (Reona): Sigh~, she wrote what she thought about the show~! Oh, how wonderful~!
PAREO (Reona): Ah! I-I am sorry for doing that in the middle of our conversation!
Marina: Oh, no worries. More importantly, are you okay with time?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. I left early so I would not have to rush, so I am fine. But I should not make Macchii-san wait either, so I will go now. Goodbye!
