1839_Reona Nyubara_R4 Malfunctioning Compass

Gacha phrase: Why did I just... think that...?

<Dear Friend>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Reona Nyubara)

[Station Entrance]

PAREO (Reona): Sigh... I failed to do well during today's rehearsals too...
PAREO (Reona): I have to get my act together by the concert, or else I really will end up being a burden to everyone.
PAREO (Reona): (... What can I do though...? There simply is no way I can talk about my feelings to anyone... or CHU²-sama for that matter...)
Nanami: Heya~, PARE-PARE!
PAREO (Reona): What? Macchii-san!
Nanami: I didn't expect to run into you here~. The last time we met was during Hina-senpai's escape room game, wasn't it?
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Thank you very much for everything you did back then! You helped make it the happiest day of my life~!
Nanami: I didn't do anything~. Besides, I had a lot of fun too~! Oh, are you on your way to another Pastel＊Palettes event?
PAREO (Reona): No, I had rehearsals with everyone at Galaxy, and we just finished. I'm heading home now.
Nanami: Oh~, nice. Looks like RAS is also hard at work~.
Nanami: ...
PAREO (Reona): ...? Macchii-san?
Nanami: Nothing~. Hey, if you still have time, do you want to go grab something?
PAREO (Reona): That would be wonderful! I was just thinking how nice it would be to relax!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Café]

Nanami: ... And this is from when I went to Shibuya with Shiro-chan and Tsu-chan~.
PAREO (Reona): Wow, what an interesting shop. The entire floor looks like it's covered in sand, just like a beach!
Nanami: I know, right~? It's apparently supposed to be a tropical café. This one here is from when all of us slept over.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, you're all very close, aren't you?
Nanami: Yeah! All the normal student things we get to do makes each day so fun. What about you guys? Do you go places and stuff?
PAREO (Reona): Hmm~, not really, not to have fun anyway. Part of it is because CHU²-sama doesn't like going to places.
PAREO (Reona): Although I really do wish she would take a break sometimes because she's always so busy...
Nanami: I know what you mean~. Relaxing at home is pretty important as well~.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, but relaxing like this at a café is nice too. I believe I'll try inviting CHU²-sama, one of these days!
Nanami: Yeah, I think that's a great idea~.
Nanami: ... Hey, PARE-PARE. Did something happen?
PAREO (Reona): Excuse me?
Nanami: Oh, sorry for asking so suddenly. It's just that when I saw you in front of the station, you looked so sad and ready to break out in tears any moment...
Nanami: I've never seen you look that way. That's why I came up to you. I don't know what you're going through, but if you need someone to talk to, I can listen.
PAREO (Reona): ... Oh. I apologize for making you see me in such a sorry state.
Nanami: It's okay. So, what do you think? Will talking about it make you feel better?
PAREO (Reona): I... I don't think I can.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, it's not because I don't trust you or anything...! I just haven't managed to sort things out yet...
Nanami: I understand. It's not that you don't want to talk about it, it's that you can't, right?
PAREO (Reona): ...!
Nanami: I know what it's like to be unable to talk to other people. There was a time when I had feelings that were difficult to explain that I couldn't talk to others about...
Nanami: And I understand what it's like to not want to burden other people, so you don't have to force yourself to talk about it, okay?
PAREO (Reona): ...
Nanami: That said, I do want you to get better, so you're welcome to get in touch with me anytime. Whether it's blowing off steam or advice that you want, I'm your girl.
Nanami: I mean... You're my dear friend, after all.
PAREO (Reona): ... Sniff... Macchii-san... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry...
Nanami: Huh? Oh, did I say something strange?
Nanami: I'm sorry I suddenly called you a friend... It must be an unwanted burden for you, of course, ahaha...
PAREO (Reona): No, that's not it... You're being so kind to me, but I'm being so pathetic...
Nanami: No way. You're always smiling, and even right now, you're doing your best to resolve everything on your own...!
Nanami: There's absolutely no way that that makes you pathetic.
PAREO (Reona): ... Macchii-san, I'm so grateful that we were able to meet today.
PAREO (Reona): Although it will still take some time to resolve what I'm going through, I feel like I have the strength to keep going tomorrow.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much. I consider you to be a very dear friend as well, Macchii-san.
Nanami: PARE-PARE...!
Nanami: Hey, have you ever had this?
PAREO (Reona): The Rainbow Smoothie Two Is Back? It's written in rather large print on the menu.
Nanami: Mm-hmm, the Rainbow Two! Toko-chan introduced me to it~. It was a new summer addition, but it looks like it's back due to popular demand. It's really sweet and pretty.
Nanami: We should drink it. "Sweets really are great," so something this sugary is sure to make you feel better!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I couldn't agree more and would love to try it as well!
Nanami: Perfect~! Okay, then...
PAREO & Nanami: Excuse me~!
PAREO & Nanami: Oh!
Nanami: Ahaha, we said it at the same time.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, we really are made for each other.


<PAREO's Duty>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: I think we were able to get everything we came for. Let's head back to CiRCLE, shall we?
Marina: ... Hm? Isn't that PAREO-chan over there? Hey~, PAREO-chan~!
PAREO (Reona): Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello! Are the two of you shopping today?
Marina: Yup. I have to say that's a lot of shopping bags. They look rather heavy. Are you sure you can manage?
PAREO (Reona): Absolutely! This is nothing! It takes a lot of physical strength to be a keyboardist maid, after all!
Marina: Fufu, true. It's definitely one of the things you need when you're in a band. What did you need so much of anyway?
PAREO (Reona): I've been hoping you would ask! I purchased everyone's favorite snacks along with some ingredients for making desserts!
PAREO (Reona): Of course, I also remembered to get the extra-thick beef jerky that CHU²-sama has lately been rather fond of! See!
Marina: Wow, that's a lot of variety. Are you girls throwing a party?
PAREO (Reona): No, I just thought it would be nice to have a little something for when we take breaks during our next rehearsal.
Marina: I see. It seems like a bit more than a little something though...
PAREO (Reona): Well, I'm hoping these extra special snacks will make everyone happy!
PAREO (Reona): Not to mention... this is also intended to be an apology of sorts on my part.
Marina: An apology? Did something happen?
PAREO (Reona): Until recently, my struggles with a personal matter made it difficult for me to play properly during rehearsals.
PAREO (Reona): It had to be right before the first solo concert we were performing in ages too... I caused everyone so much trouble.
Marina: Oh. That reminds me, CHU²-chan talked about how things were during the concert.
PAREO (Reona): ... Um, what did CHU²-sama say?
Marina: She seemed frustrated that only half the seats were filled, but she also said she was happy that all of you were able to perform even better than usual.
PAREO (Reona): I see. That's a relief...
Marina: Everyone has bad days. Besides, if CHU²-chan said she was satisfied, it must mean you did just fine.
PAREO (Reona): Of course! I made sure to set aside my issues so that I could focus during the concert!
Marina: That's good. Switching gears like that for a concert isn't easy though. You really are amazing, PAREO-chan.
PAREO (Reona): I am RAS's keyboardist maid, after all!
PAREO (Reona): That means I must be able to perfectly play the keyboard, support CHU²-sama, and supply everyone with snacks during our breaks!
PAREO (Reona): I'm sure the trials will continue, and my personal issues still remain.
PAREO (Reona): However... I still wish to perfectly perform my duties as a keyboardist maid because that is what it means to be RAS's keyboardist maid.
PAREO (Reona): These snacks are both an apology and an expression of my resolve.
Marina: I see. Well, I hope your message gets across. We'll be wishing you the best, PAREO-chan.
Marina: But... if whatever you're going through ends up becoming too much, it's okay to talk to people, you know? Of course, that includes us!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu... Thank you very much.
PAREO (Reona): Anyway, I shall excuse myself now then. Thank you very much for listening.
