2293_Reona Nyubara_R5 Take My Hand, Brave Hero

Gacha phrase: LOCK-san, your hand!

<Now, for the Perfect Costume!>

(Character: Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

CHU² (Chiyu): And so... I'll be joining the Halloween cruise in Mom's place.
CHU² (Chiyu): Of course, not just me. You're coming too.
PAREO (Reona): Th-tha...
CHU² (Chiyu): Tha?
PAREO (Reona): This is the best～～～～～～～～!!!
PAREO (Reona): I'm already thrilled just to spend Halloween with everyone in RAS, but a Halloween cruise...! Is it really okay to be this happy...?!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. You said you wanted to celebrate Halloween together.
LOCK (Rokka): PAREO-san, I'm so happy for you!
PAREO (Reona): Yes!
MASKING (Masuki): A Halloween cruise, huh... ...So I guess the dress code is costumes, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): Yes. I'm planning to arrange costume rentals.
PAREO (Reona): No, that's way too wasteful! Since it's Halloween, I want you all to wear the best costumes PAREO designed!
CHU² (Chiyu): We have rehearsal. There's no time to make them from scratch. It's more reliable to hire a pro.
PAREO (Reona): Then at least let me do the designs～～～! I know better than anyone what would suit you!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, can't argue there.
MASKING (Masuki): Let her do it, CHU². PAREO's the one who wants this most.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm asking too, CHU²-san!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama...!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh, fine! I get it!
CHU² (Chiyu): But only if you make something that's fit to be seen in public and doesn't ruin RAS's image. Got it?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~! I'll gladly design the best, strongest Halloween costumes♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

PAREO (Reona): Hmm-hmm-hmm~♪
PAREO (Reona): (That fluffy fabric at the craft store... It'd be great for a black cat costume for CHU²-sama.)
PAREO (Reona): (What about everyone else? Maybe we should all be cats...? No, different motifs for each person might be better...)
PAREO (Reona): (Adding Halloween colors could be fun. But I can't let it ruin RAS's image... Ugh, this is so hard~~~!)
Nanami: PAREPARE!
Toko: Yo~!
PAREO (Reona): Nana-chan, Toko-san! Hello!
Nanami: Fancy running into you here~ We were just on our way back from a cafe, but what about you?
PAREO (Reona): Yeah, actually...
(Black cut)
Nanami: Ooh, Halloween costumes, huh~
PAREO (Reona): Since it's the Halloween I've dreamed of, I want to design the best costume possible, but there are so many things I want to do that I can't decide...
PAREO (Reona): Oh, right! You two handle Morfonica's outfits and accessories, right? If you don't mind, could you give me some advice?
Toko: When I was picking out my outfit for that Halloween theme park, I stressed out so much~ It's totally different from a stage outfit, after all.
Toko: I was thinking I'd just pile on as much as I could, but Fuusuke said something to me, you know?
PAREO (Reona): What did he say?
Toko: "You're gonna be walking around the theme park all day, so if your outfit's too heavy, you'll wear yourself out."
PAREO (Reona): I see, that makes sense... We're going on a Halloween Cruise this time, but it sounds like we'll be walking a lot too...
Nanami: When I hear "cruise," I picture lounging around on the deck. Is it different?
PAREO (Reona): Yeah, apparently there are things like events and a stamp rally.
PAREO (Reona): If we're prioritizing mobility, we should probably pay attention to our shoes too... Which means the designs might be more limited.
PAREO (Reona): Hmm... I just hope we can do something interesting within those limits...
Toko: What about matching accessories?
PAREO (Reona): Whoa, that'd be adorable for sure~! Toko-san, you're the best!
Nanami: That way, even if the five of us wear different costumes, it'll still feel cohesive. And if we match, it's even better~
PAREO (Reona): Yeah! In that case... what kind of matching accessories should we do...?
PAREO (Reona): Hair accessories could be nice... Or weaving ribbons into our hair... Or maybe brooches...
PAREO (Reona): Ah! Shoe accessories might be nice too... subtle, but stylish!
Toko: I love that! It'll be so cute!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you so much. Thanks to you two, I've got tons of ideas now♪
PAREO (Reona): I'll take all your advice and design the ultimate Halloween costumes!
Toko: Nice, nice. Go all out!
Nanami: Fufu, good luck, PAREPARE~
PAREO (Reona): Yes! Once the designs are done, I'll send them over, so please take a look♪


<Longing, Yearning>

(Character: Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

PAREO (Reona): ...
Marina: Hey, isn't that PAREO-chan over by that sewing shop? Should we say hi?
(Black cut)
Marina: Hi, PAREO-chan!
PAREO (Reona): Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Are you shopping for CiRCLE?
Marina: Yeah, we came to pick up some supplies we're missing. What about you?
PAREO (Reona): I was looking for fabric for some Halloween accessories we're making in craft club.
Marina: Got it. Everywhere's all about Halloween right now. Is RAS doing anything?
PAREO (Reona): I'm so glad you asked! Actually, I just went on a Halloween cruise with everyone!
Marina: A Halloween cruise?!
PAREO (Reona): Yes! CHU²-sama's mother invited us. We were just talking about doing something for Halloween, so I got so excited...!
Marina: Wow, that's great! Did you dress up, too?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, of course!
PAREO (Reona): I really wanted to attend in handmade costumes, but it was so sudden, we didn't have time... So this time, I just did the designs!
PAREO (Reona): And the finished costumes were so adorable, and everyone looked aamazing in them...! I was totally satisfied!
Marina: For you to praise it that much, it must've been an amazing outfit.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, absolutely♪ If you'd like, you can see the photos too.
Marina: Let's see... Whoa, you're right! Everyone looks adorable.
PAREO (Reona): Thank you so much♪ CHU² looks cute in this one at the photo spot, and LOCK does too~
Marina: You're right. Rokka-chan's holding a jack-o'-lantern with such a great smile. Did you guys take part in an event?
PAREO (Reona): That's a photo we took after a show called "Waltz With the Halloween Monsters."
PAREO (Reona): It was an event where we all worked together to clear missions while running away from the monsters.
Marina: And RAS all did it together, huh?
PAREO (Reona): That's right! LOCK was so cool back then.
PAREO (Reona): Even though she was scared too, she kept encouraging me the whole time...
PAREO (Reona): And even though it would've been fine if just one of us cleared the missions, she charged right in... LOCK was so dazzling back then.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. The way Rokka-chan just goes for it is really cool, isn't it?
PAREO (Reona): Yeah. I hope I can be like that someday...
Marina: Huh? What did you just say...?
PAREO (Reona): N-no, it's nothing! I found the fabric I wanted, so I'm gonna go buy it.
Marina: Sorry for holding you up while you're shopping. We're about to head back to CiRCLE.
Marina: If anything fun happens again, be sure to tell me about it.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, of course♪
