event35-04 Chapter 3: The Destined Bassist

Kaoru begins her search to find a new bassist. That's when she has a chance encounter with...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Theater Club]

Hagumi: I'm sorry...! I got injured...!
Tomoe: What? Injured?
Misaki: A-are you okay?
Kaoru: ...! Pardon me, little kittens. Part, so that I may pass.
Kaoru: Hagumi! Is something the matter?!
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun... I hurt my finger during practice.
Kaoru: Y-your finger...? Ahh, Hagumi. You poor thing...
Hagumi: Wah, no need to worry about me, Kaoru-kun! It's not that bad! It was just a small pop, really!
Hagumi: But they told me it would take about two weeks to heal. And the doctor said I'm not allowed to play the bass during that time...
Tomoe: Oh, so nothing serious. That's good. If you need two weeks though, then you won't be able to be in the musical...
Hagumi: I'm sorry, you guys... I really wanted to be part of it...
Misaki: Ah, uhm, Hagumi...
Kaoru: Please, do not slump your shoulders so, Hagumi. As a matter of fact, your injury not being of a more worrisome nature is something to be pleased about.
Misaki: Mhm, she's exactly right. It could've been way worse.
Hagumi: But this makes things harder for everyone else...
Hagumi: Ah, what will you do about the bass role...?! You're not gonna have anyone to play!
Kaoru: Ahh, there's no need to fret on that front. I have a couple of bassists I believe might fit the bill.
Kaoru: It's awfully disappointing that we won't be able to stand on that stage together. However, I shall find a replacement and continue preparing as planned.
Kaoru: As such, you've no need to be concerned. Now is the time for you to think about healing that injury.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun... Okay, thanks! I'll get better as fast as I can!
Kaoru: Yes, that's the spirit.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

Kaoru: Greetings, Lisa. How goes the day? There's something I'd like to ask you. Could you spare a moment?
Lisa: Mhm, I have time. What's up?
Hina: Oh, what's this~? Kaoru-kun, Lisa-chi, whatcha talkin' about~?
Kaoru: Hello, Hina. I was in the midst of asking her if she could play the phrase written on this sheet music.
Lisa: This is... for the bass? Yep, I think if I practiced, I could do it.
Kaoru: Ahh, Lisa...! It was destiny that put us in this class together! You are the princess I've been seeking!
Lisa: Huh? H-hey~! What're you holding my hand for?!
Hina: Ahaha, Lisa-chi! You look so surprised~!
Lisa: Who wouldn't be surprised by that?! More importantly, hurry up and tell me what you're talking about, Kaoru~!
Kaoru: Ah, please excuse my behavior. I was so overwhelmed with emotion, I simply couldn't contain myself. Allow me to explain.
(Black cut)
Lisa: ... Oh, okay. So that's what happened.
Kaoru: Well, Lisa? Shall you assist in this endeavor?
Lisa: I wish I could help you, I really do. But sorry, I don't think I can...
Lisa: We actually have a concert coming, so I'm pretty busy with practice.
Kaoru: How unfortunate...
Lisa: Hey, but if you need a bass player, wouldn't it be better to ask Chisato?
Kaoru: I contacted her on the night of the day before this one. However, it seems she has a previous White Day engagement.
Hina: Yeah~, there's a Pastel＊Palettes event on the 14th. We're doing a mini-concert at the mall♪
Kaoru: Neither Chisato nor Lisa are available. Ahh, how long must fate toy with my emotions...?
Tomoe & Himari: Excuse us. Excuse us~.
Hina: Ah, it's Tomoe-chan and Himari-chan~. What are you guys doing in our classroom? Is there something you need?
Tomoe: Yeah, just need to quickly talk to Seta-senpai about the rehearsal we're having after class.
Tomoe: ... Uhm, Seta-senpai? What's up? Why the long face?
Kaoru: We've suffered the loss of potential options for a bassist, and now I, too, am at a loss...
Himari: A bassist?
Kaoru: Yes. It turns out...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ... And that is our current situation.
Himari: Ohh... So Hagu can't be in it anymore...
Himari: ... Okay. In that case, leave it to me. I'll play the bass!
Kaoru: You? Play the bass...?
Himari: I'm a bassist too, you know~! You should've asked me~!
Kaoru: Ahh, but there is a particular reason I did not.
Kaoru: This is a show of gratitude, one to give back after all I received on Valentine's Day. I intended to invite you as a member of the audience.
Himari: And I'd have been happy to receive that invitation, but... don't be afraid to speak up when you have a problem. I wanna be able to help you out too.
Kaoru: ... That's much appreciated, Himari-chan. I suppose I shall take you up on your offer then.
Kaoru: I'd like to ask that you be my bassist. Let us work together to put on the most spectacular musical.
Himari: Yeah! Let's do it!
