event35-06 Chapter 5: I Forgot!

The musical's start time is rapidly approaching when Kaoru realizes she's forgotten something extremely important...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Day Of The Show]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gym]

Kaoru: The curtain will soon rise, my little kittens! I am certain that today's show will become a spectacular and irreplaceable memory... My heart and soul overflow with a sensation that tells me so...!
Misaki: Kaoru-san's really getting into this, huh?
Tomoe: I get it though. I have no doubt at all that this will turn out well.
Hagumi: Ah, there you are! I know you've all been working hard~! Look, I brought croquettes for you guys~.
Kaoru: Well, thank you, Hagumi. Yes, that scent that comes from being freshly made... How fleeting...
Hagumi: Yep, because croquettes are best when they're straight out of the fryer! I used super express mode and ran here from my house!
Hagumi: ... Ah, the stage set is done too! Looks like everything is all ready!
Kaoru: But of course, it's only natural... Hm? Natural... No, I feel like something has escaped my memory...
Kaoru: Ah! Michelle!!
Misaki: Ack! Wh- K-Kaoru-san... Don't just start yelling in the middle of chewing your croquette.
Kaoru: Th-this is tragic! Misaki! Michelle is nowhere to be found!
Kaoru: A-actually, now that I think about it, she was never anywhere to be found during rehearsals either... You stood in as DJ every single time...
Misaki: (I always practiced without putting the costume on because it's such a pain in the neck...)
Misaki: Uhh, I told you, I'm Michell-... Wait, she's not gonna get it, no matter how many times I explain.
Misaki: You don't have to worry about it, Kaoru-san. Michelle will be here by the time dress rehearsal starts.
Kaoru: Ohh, how is it that I'm only realizing something so important now?! M-Michelle, where could you be...?!
Misaki: L-listen to me... Wait, she's not in the storage room... Ah!
Kaoru: Michelle!
Michelle: ...
Misaki: (Uh oh. So much for using a sheet to hide the costume.)
Kaoru: Ahh, thank the heavens... You should have told me you arrived.
Michelle: ...
Kaoru: M-Michelle? You seem awfully blue today. Are you feeling okay?
Michelle: ...
Kaoru: Michelle's out cold!
Hagumi: What?! Michelle, get a hold of yourself~!
Misaki: Whoa, hey hey hey!! You guys, no touching her!
Hagumi: Wh-why not?! We're worried~!
Misaki: Why not? Well...
Misaki: (The way the head is resting on the body, it's sure to come rolling right off... Man, I can see all the freaking out now.)
Kaoru: M-Misaki, summon an ambulance...! Call for a bear doctor, at once...!
Misaki: No, I'm telling you, we don't need a doctor. Michelle is just... focused because it's almost time for the show.
Kaoru: She's focusing?
Hagumi: Ah, I know about this! It's like what people do before facing off in sports, right?!
Misaki: Right, exactly. She puts the sheet over herself so she can concentrate. We should just leave her be... Yep.
Kaoru: S-so that's what it is...? U-understood. There are several things I'd like to confirm with her, but if that's the case, I suppose I shall give her space until dress rehearsal starts.
Misaki: (Well that worked out somehow...)
Tomoe: Uhm, you're... the person inside Michelle, right? Does this mean they don't know that?
Misaki: I'm not sure if I'd say they don't know or that they don't understand...
Hagumi: Hm? Hey, you guys. What's this box you have in the storage room?
Kaoru: That? There are roses accompanied by lovely cards inside. I prepared them for all of the little kittens I've invited.
Misaki: Wow. Yeah, that sounds like the kind of present you'd give.
Kaoru: I believe this musical will make for a magnificent memory. However, the idea of leaving nothing physical behind seemed heartbreaking.
Kaoru: ... Hm? Speaking of, Himari-chan is nowhere in sight.
Tomoe: Ah, yeah. Something about not being able to calm down. She said she was gonna go for a short walk.
Kaoru: Fufu, getting nervous before the show... What an adorable little kitten.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Roof]

Himari: Ohh, my nerves are really getting to me~! It's almost time to perform! What do I do~?!
Kaoru: Ah, so you were up here, Himari-chan.
Himari: Huh? Kaoru-senpai? Were you looking for me?
Kaoru: I was told you're feeling anxious, and as today's lead, I could not simply look the other way.
Himari: Ngh, I'm sorry. It just got worse and worse the more I thought about the possibility of messing up...
Kaoru: That level of concern is unnecessary. Take a moment to recall all of the practice you did.
Kaoru: In the words of the great Goethe, "As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live." Basically... this is what he meant.
Himari: Y-yeah, you're right! We did do all of that practicing! It'll definitely go well!
Kaoru: Indeed, it will. And of course, I'm here with you. Count on me to be your escort under that spotlight.
Himari: O-okay!
Kaoru: Oh, it seems that dress rehearsal shall begin shortly. Now, my princess, let us move toward that lively stage.
