event35-03 Chapter 2: Prince of the Academy

White Day is just around the corner, and rehearsal has begun. Misaki realizes something while watching Kaoru play the role of the popular prince...

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Theater Club]

Misaki: ... Right. And so, I decided to arrange it like this.
Misaki: I pretty much tried making it into what you asked me for. Does this sound okay to you?
Kaoru: Ahh, Misaki... How glad I am to have requested your assistance.
Kaoru: This is exactly what I envisioned. A tune that expresses suffering, a rhythm that exudes intense passion... and a pleasantly warm melody... that makes you recall the onset of Spring...!
Tomoe: The song sounded pretty weird to me, but it actually has all those things, huh?
Misaki: This play written for White Day has a progression of events that'll make your head spin.
Misaki: And Kaoru-san asked me to create something that fits with that theme, so this is how it turned out.
Tomoe: I-I see... Yeah, there's definitely a lot of ideas going on at once.
Tomoe: Like Seta-senpai is supposed to have a sword battle, do some line dancing, quickly change into seven different costumes...
Tomoe: It's kinda like when you order everything on your ramen... and then you get the dumplings and the rice on the side, too.
Misaki: That's despite the fact that the story itself is just about a prince who wants to give back to the girls of his country on White Day.
Misaki: Still, Kaoru-san, why'd you suddenly wanna add sword fighting...?
Kaoru: Ahh, I remembered that the first year Saori-chan wanted to witness me participating in an elegant duel.
Kaoru: Now that it has presented itself, I figured I'd take this opportunity to make her adorable wish come true.
Misaki: What? This is another fan request?
Tomoe: Okay, does that mean the line dancing thing is too...?
Kaoru: Indeed. That is a gift for Yumi-chan of the literature club.
Kaoru: She'd previously mentioned a dance show she'd seen and how absolutely marvelous the line dancing was. This time, I'd like to give her the chance to see my own graceful number.
Misaki: Which means the whole changing seven times thing is...?
Tomoe: Probably a way to fulfill a fan request.
Theater Student A: Can I bother you for a moment, Kaoru-senpai? I'd like to ask you something about the costumes...
Kaoru: Yes. I'll be there at once, my little kitten.
Kaoru: Well then, please excuse me, you two. I shall return momentarily. Misaki, for making such a splendid song, you have my gratitude.
Misaki: Ah, yeah. You're welcome.
Theater Student A: Kaoru-senpai! When you're done with that, I want to talk to you about the staging!
Theater Student B: And me! I thought of some dance moves I want you to look at!
Misaki: Whoa, Kaoru-san's surrounded by theater kids...
Tomoe: She is the prince of our school. Crowds of girls are an everyday thing for her.
Misaki: Yeah, I kinda figured things were like that.
Misaki: When I first heard that the theater kids were willing to help her with this gift, I wondered why, but now, I get it. That'd be pretty easy to make happen when there are this many Kaoru fans in the club.
Misaki: It feels kinda weird though.
Tomoe: Hm? What does?
Misaki: I realize Kaoru-san is popular and all, but even seeing this with my own eyes, it doesn't really click for me.
Misaki: Pretty strange to see that people are so in love with her when you know what she's usually like.
Tomoe: I can't say I know her that well, but... I can see why she's popular with the girls. Especially since there aren't that many people who are as cool as her.
Misaki: I mean, yeah. That's true. She's pretty good looking, very stylish, so... yeah.
Tomoe: That reminds me. Himari was saying how it's amazing that Seta-senpai knows a lot of hard words. Maybe she's also popular because she's smart, no?
Misaki: What? K-Kaoru-san? Smart?
Tomoe: Y-yeah, that's what I said... Why do you look so surprised?
Misaki: That thought's never occurred to me before, so I guess I was just caught off guard.
Misaki: (Maybe no one has realized that Kaoru-san's true personality doesn't live up to expectations, but she's as big of a fool as they come. Enough to cloud that cool appearance of hers.)
Kaoru: Yes, it's a breathtaking costume, my little kitten!
Kaoru: Draped in this glistening garb, being showered by the spotlight... It's so fleeting that I can feel my chest tighten at the very thought of the scene. The swooning of little kittens may be plentiful, yet again.
Misaki: (Actually, something about what she's doing now strikes me as unfortunate too...)
Tomoe: Hey, Misaki... I just noticed. I don't see Hagumi around. Did something happen?
Misaki: She said she was gonna be a little late. Apparently, she has softball practice.
Tomoe: Oh. She seems pretty busy.
Misaki: I think she should be on her way soon...
Tomoe: Oh, speak of the devil. Looks like she just got here.
Hagumi: ...
Misaki: Hagumi...?
Tomoe: What's up? You seem kinda down.
Hagumi: Ohh~... Mii-kun, Tomo-chin, I'm so sorry~!
