event35-07 Ending: Happy White Day

The White Day Musical is a huge success! Kaoru expresses her gratitude for everyone's help.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gym]

Hagumi: Great job, you guys!
Hagumi: You could tell that everyone in the room was having a lot of fun! Kokoron and Kano-chan-senpai said they had a good time too!
Kaoru: Fufu, that is the greatest gift a performer can receive. It seems you enjoyed it as well. That's delightful to see.
Himari: Ahh, it feels like I'm in a dream... I can't believe I got to perform on such a beautiful stage.
Tomoe: And you really had that acting and those dance moves down, Himari.
Kaoru: Indeed, 'twas a marvelous act, far greater than that which you showed during any rehearsal.
Himari: R-really?! Ehehe, I'm happy you think so!
Kaoru: And you, Tomoe-chan, were splendid as well. You played the drums so fleetingly, it created a soul-blazing reverberation...! The little kittens were also pleased to see us perform together.
Tomoe: ... 'Fleetingly'...? I-I mean, as long as I was able to live up to your expectations, that's cool.
Tomoe: This was my first time being in a musical. After actually giving it a try though, I have to say, that was pretty fun.
Tomoe: And once we got through a good number of rehearsals, I felt like I wanted to make it as good of a show as possible, even though I only agreed to do this to help you out.
Misaki: I think I know what you mean... I guess if you're gonna do it in the first place, you at least want to create something the audience will like...
Kaoru: Misaki... To think you'd come to comprehend the allure of the stage. Ahhh... My heart is bursting with emotions...!
Misaki: Wh-whoa, no one said all of that.
Kaoru: I must also extend my gratitude to you, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Huh? To me? But I wasn't in the show.
Kaoru: But you always came to watch us practice, did you not? Your cheerful mood had everyone in high spirits. And so, I would like to thank you.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun... Ehehe, I'm glad to hear that!
Kaoru: I must express thanks to Michelle as well. With how fabulous her DJing was, you'd never believe she didn't take part in any rehearsals.
Misaki: I mean, she did though...
Kaoru: ...? Oh? She seems to be absent.
Misaki: Uhhh, she said she had something to take care of so she was gonna take off.
Kaoru: I see. How unfortunate. I'll postpone my expression of gratitude until next time.
Kaoru: Once again, everyone, I truly appreciate everything. You have my thanks. Because of you all, we put on an extraordinary performance.
Himari: No way~, it wasn't because of us~. And I'm happy that the fans enjoyed themselves too!
Himari: That reminds me. They all received something... Did you bring presents for them?
Kaoru: That's correct. It most certainly isn't much, but it serves as a token of gratitude. I'd like for you to accept one as well. Would you?
Himari: What? One for me too? Ah, yeah. Of course I would.
Kaoru: Then, here you are, my princess. A gift to thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Himari: Wow, a rose...!! And... is this... a card?!
Kaoru: I've taken my gratitude and put it into words for you.
Himari: I can't believe it. A rose and a card from Kaoru-senpai... Ohh, thank you so much! I love it!!
Kaoru: And that... is the most important part. Ahh, I've actually prepared tokens of gratitude for the rest of you as well. It'd please me greatly if you could accept these gifts.
Tomoe: Huh? You brought cards and roses for us too?
Misaki: You know I didn't give you anything for Valentine's Day, right?
Kaoru: These are not for what you didn't do on Valentine's Day, but for what you did do by coming along for the ride and indulging me.
Hagumi: Oh. Thanks, Kaoru-kun!
Misaki: Hm? Wait, this is... written specifically for me.
Hagumi: Mine is written for me too!
Tomoe: Y-you wrote something different for each person? I was sure all of them were exactly the same.
Kaoru: The same? Why would that be the case? There's no way to convey feelings of gratitude that way, is there?
Kaoru: The reason why I glow so brilliantly is that everyone is there for me... I'd never cut corners when communicating my appreciation for that.
Himari: Kaoru-senpai, you're so cool...!!
Hagumi: You're really just like a prince!
Tomoe: That's pretty impressive, Seta-senpai... Hm? Why are you so quiet all of a sudden, Misaki?
Misaki: I think I might finally understand why Kaoru-san is so popular...
Tomoe: Oh yeah, we were talking about that the other day.
Misaki: I figured people loved her so much because they think she's cool, but I feel like there's a little more to it than just that.
Misaki: Not only did she decide to create this musical solely to make her fans happy...
Misaki: She even filled it with ideas specifically requested by those same fans.
Tomoe: And speaking of that, she also remembered who wanted what, right? That's pretty crazy when you think about how many fans she has...
Misaki: That's probably the reason everyone gets drawn toward her. It's like she's paying special attention to all the people around her or something.
Tomoe: Yeah, she's an oddball, but she's also really kind. Like when Hagumi injured herself and Seta-senpai made sure to keep her from feeling sad about it.
Misaki: Not to mention, she did her best to make Uehara-san feel more confident by being supportive.
Tomoe: Seeing all of that, I kinda get why all of Seta-senpai's fans feel the way they do.
Misaki: It's as if everyone else's happiness is also her own. She might have actually been born to be a prince.
Kaoru: ...? Something the matter, Misaki? I can feel the passion from your gaze...
Kaoru: Have you, too, become captivated by me? My, oh my. Excessive beauty is yet another sin, isn't it...?
Misaki: No? What would make you say that...? Sigh... If it wasn't for this kinda thing, you'd actually be cool.
