event35-02 Chapter 1: A Special Member

Kaoru gathers members for her musical. However, one member in particular comes as a surprise...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Theater Club]

Misaki: You can't just suddenly ask me to compose music and expect me to be able to do it!
Misaki: Not to mention, I've never done that for a theater performance... And there's not even that much time until White Day.
Kaoru: Ah, please forgive me. It seems I've not explained sufficiently. How unlike me.
Kaoru: I'm not asking that you make a song from scratch. I'm hoping you will take a particular song and arrange it such that it is fitting for the show.
Misaki: An arrangement?
Kaoru: Indeed. For that fantastic song brimming with my very sentiments... An arrangement for our fleeting theme song!
Misaki: Ah~, that one you made because you wanted Hello, Happy World! to do a musical...
Kaoru: Correct. That magnificent song that expresses the various types of fleeting I've felt. The masterpiece that overflows with and allows us to sing about the intensity, the pain, the many emotions of fleeting.
Hagumi: I like that song! We all get to have fun acting together!
Misaki: Forget about the fact that the lines are different every time we perform it.
Hagumi: They are?
Misaki: You seriously don't remember? Every single time we do that song during a show, you and Kokoro mess up your lines, without fail!
Misaki: Not only are they always different, they don't even make sense together. We've never actually pulled that song off.
Kaoru: Another face is presented at each show... Fufu, that is simply because that which is fleeting cannot be so easily contained.
Misaki: Nah, I'm pretty sure they just can't remember their lines.
Kaoru: Well, that aside... It is my desire to create a musical that uses that song as its foundation.
Kaoru: The little kittens of the theater club will be lending their assistance, so I'm hoping to put an emphasis on theatrics and create something worthy of an audience.
Misaki: Well, I guess if they're around, we wouldn't be able to run this thing directly into the ground...
Hagumi: But if we're going to be playing music, that just leaves me and you, Kaoru-kun. That's not enough people, right?
Kaoru: Right. I've already decided on whom I'd like to fill the other roles with. Of course, I intend to ask Michelle to play the part of DJ.
Kaoru: With that said, Misaki, may I ask you to get in touch with her?
Misaki: This is going exactly as I thought... Don't you think all this work is a bit too much for me, though...?
Hagumi: Okay, then the drummer will be Kano-chan-senpai, right?!
Kaoru: That would seem reasonable. She is excellent on the drums, after all. That was the plan, originally. However...
Hagumi: However?
Kaoru: Due to specific circumstances, I went with a different drummer.
Kaoru: This performance is a present for the little kittens, is it not? As such, I was sure to hear their opinions regarding what they'd like to see.
Kaoru: In response, plenty of them expressed a desire to see she, this drummer, and I put on a show together. I would like to make their wishes come true.
Misaki: Wow, you went so far as to check that too, huh...? You really do things right at times like this.
Kaoru: Therefore, I plan to invite Kanon and Kokoro as members of the audience.
Misaki: Oh, so Kokoro isn't gonna be a part of it either.
Kaoru: Indeed. This time around, I shall be the sole individual in charge of vocals. I will graciously accept this role and sing her part with all my heart.
Hagumi: Oh, okay. Hey, so who's this drummer? Is it someone I know?
Kaoru: Ah, well...
？？？: Look, look, Tomoe! This is what I was talking about!!
Misaki: Hm? That voice...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: What's the big deal? Why'd you take off running toward that poster?
Himari: This is it! This one they have hanging in front of the theater club!!
Tomoe: This? Let's see. "Kaoru Seta presents a special White Day musical"...?
Himari: Kaoru-senpai said she's putting on a performance and inviting all of her fans. It's so that she can give back to those who gave her Valentine's Day gifts!
Himari: I wonder what kind of show it'll be~. I can't wait to see it~!!
Tomoe: You really like Seta-senpai, huh, Himari? Ah... Actually, about that...
Kaoru: I thought I heard a lovable bunch of voices, and look at that, Himari-chan and Tomoe-chan.
Himari: Ah, Kaoru-senpai! Good luck with the musical! I'm really excited for it!
Kaoru: I appreciate your kind words. I promise you it will be the most extraordinary of musicals.
Kaoru: Oh, right. You've blessed us with your presence at just the right time. Misaki, Hagumi, the drummer I was referring to is she.
Misaki: What do you mean, 'she'...?
Hagumi: Wait, you mean Tomo-chin?!
Tomoe: Y-yeah. She said she just had to have me be in the show, so...
Himari: What~?! You never told me about this~!!
Tomoe: It was just never the right time...
Himari: Ugh~, you gotta tell me something this important right away~!
Himari: Still... Kaoru-senpai and Tomoe on stage together... This is shaping up to be a really cool performance!!
Misaki: Ah, I see... Udagawa-san is the type that's popular with the girls too, so your fans said they wanted to see you two on stage together.
Misaki: ... Wait, hold on a sec'! You and Udagawa-san aren't the only ones on this poster! Michelle and Hagumi are on here too?!
Kaoru: Correct. I think it's quite the poster. Just laying one's eyes on it is sure to raise expectations.
Misaki: That's not what I'm talking about! Why would you make this before we actually said we would do it?!
Kaoru: Doesn't the great Shakespeare say, "Strong reasons make strong actions"?
Misaki: Doesn't it make sense to let us know before you take any 'action'?!
Himari: Misaki-chan, Hagumi, are you two also gonna be in it?
Kaoru: Indeed, they shall. They will be lending a hand in order to make this an awe-inspiring spectacle.
Misaki: Uhm, I never said I would do i-
Himari: Good luck to you guys too, then! You'll definitely see me sitting in the audience!
Misaki: Huh? Agh, this is bad... I'll definitely end up being part of it at this rate...
