event35-01 Opening: The Greatest Present

Kaoru wants to give back to her fans for White Day, but she's unsure of what to do. She then realizes what the greatest present of all is. What will it be...?

(Character: Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kaoru: Ahh, how fleeting... The wind softly blows. The clouds slowly flow. Thus the day is made so... fleeting...
Kaoru: Furthermore, my mind puts forth nothing. Not a thought, not a feeling. Oh, my painfully fleeting heart...
Himari: Hmhmhmm~...♪ Ah, Kaoru-senpai!
Kaoru: Well, if it isn't Himari-chan. It appears you have a bento... Planning to partake in lunch up here?
Himari: Yep! Ran and I have plans to eat together! Do you have recess now...? Wait, no. Doesn't seem that way. What're you doing?
Kaoru: I was having a brief moment of being lost in thought.
Kaoru: My instinct tells me that these clouds drifting along may be the key to sparking a spectacular idea.
Himari: An idea? Is there something on your mind?
Kaoru: White Day is upon us, is it not?
Kaoru: During Valentine's Day, I was the recipient of much affection, from many a kitten. I've been pondering how to reciprocate appropriately.
Kaoru: And yet, I've still not encountered an idea that makes my soul shiver.
Himari: Fufu, worrying what present to give back on White Day is exactly the kind of thing I'd expect from you.
Kaoru: Ah, yes. This, too, must be an encounter decided by the wheel of fortune... How I'd love to hear your opinion, Himari-chan.
Himari: Huh? My opinion?
Kaoru: Indeed. You presented me with chocolate on Valentine's Day as well, did you not?
Kaoru: If there is any gift your heart desires, please, state it here and now. I shall put forth my greatest effort in order to fulfill your request.
Himari: Y-you don't have to go through all that trouble. Actually, there's a lot you've already given me.
Kaoru: That I've given you...? I don't recall ever doing so...
Himari: I'm telling you, you have~! Just seeing you shine on stage fills me with so much joy!
Himari: So I guess you can say that the Valentine's present was just a way to show you my appreciation.
Kaoru: Hmph, you say the most adorable things, little kitten. I'm honored to be a source of cheerfulness for you.
Kaoru: However, I am the one who is truly delighted. The reason I am able to sparkle as I do is thanks to the support of you all.
Himari: Kaoru-senpai...
Kaoru: But I now understand... Me standing upon the stage may be what the little kittens seek.
Kaoru: Yes. And if that's the case...
Himari: Ah, did you come up with something?
Kaoru: Indeed. I've thought of the most tremendous of presents.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Theater Club]

Kaoru: For White Day, I shall present the greatest musical there ever was to my adorable little kittens!
Misaki: R-right~...
Kaoru: Abundant are the people who have become fans of mine after witnessing me on stage. As such, I believe it is my duty as a performer to show my gratitude through the language of theater.
Kaoru: Well? You must admit, this is a sensational idea, is it not?
Hagumi: Mhm, that sounds like fun, fun, fun! A musical is where you sing and dance, right?!
Kaoru: Correct. A dreamy performance meant to captivate the audience through song and dance!
Kaoru: When I shared my plan, the little ones of the theater club made quite the fuss, saying they want to take part. A fleeting musical will be even easier to create than I thought.
Hagumi: Wow, a dreamy performance...! The sound of that really gets the blood pumping, Kaoru-kun!
Misaki: Uhhh~, sorry to interrupt all of the excitement, but mind if I cut in here?
Kaoru: What is it, Misaki?
Misaki: I get that you want to do a musical, Kaoru-san, but what does that have to do with Hagumi and me...?
Misaki: That doesn't sound like something we'd need to come all the way to your school to talk about...
Kaoru: The reason I requested you come here is that I figured it'd be easier to explain to you the plan I've envisioned.
Hagumi: Plan?
Misaki: I have a bad feeling about this...
Kaoru: There is but one purpose you are here today. I am hoping you can lend your assistance in making my musical a reality.
Misaki & Hagumi: Assistance...?
Hagumi: Wow, sounds like a good time to me! I'll do it! I wanna be in the musical!
Misaki: Yep, a nightmare come true...
Kaoru: Fufu, I appreciate it, Hagumi...!
Misaki: Wait, Kaoru-san. You have to give this more thought. We don't have any real experience with stuff like theater and dance.
Kaoru: If that's what you're worried about, then there's no need to fret. Yes, I would like for you to try your hand at those things. However, for you two, I want the main focus to be something else.
Hagumi: What's that?
Kaoru: I wish for the audience to learn how marvelous concerts can be, so I'd like to include the essence of band performances in the musical.
Kaoru: After all, despite having spectated my theater shows, there appears to still be some who haven't attended a concert before.
Kaoru: Unfortunately, I have a problem, small in nature... The little ones who are willing to help have neither the necessary knowledge of music nor instruments.
Kaoru: As such, I'd like Hagumi to take part in performing the music. Misaki, I hope you can assist in creating said music.
Misaki: C-create music...?! H-hold on a sec', Kaoru-san!
