event35-05 Chapter 4: Secret Practice Session

Himari is feeling down after an unsuccessful rehearsal. Despite being evening time, she sees something happening in the theater room.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Theater Club]

Kaoru: Now then, it is time for a thrilling dance lesson! Follow along, little kittens, as I move with the grace of a swan!
Theater Students: Okay! We'll follow you wherever you go, senpai!
Misaki: Wait, hold on... I-I don't think I can do this as Michelle...
Tomoe: Left, right, left, right... And turn!
Hagumi: That's a member of the dance club for you! That was super good, Tomo-chin!
Tomoe: Haha. Thanks, Hagumi.
Himari: Left, right... Right? Wait... Left? Which one is it?! Kyaaa~!!
Misaki: U-Uehara-san, are you okay? Your own foot really tripped you up there...
Himari: Owww~... Ngh, dancing is so hard~!
Tomoe: Himari, it sure takes you quite some time to memorize the hard stuff despite being a pretty good athlete.
Kaoru: Ahh, Himari-chan... Are you hurt?
Himari: I-I'm alright...! Sorry I'm having such a hard time with this...
Kaoru: If that's the problem, then I shall tutor you. Pace yourself. You've no need to rush.
Himari: O-okay! I'll do my best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Rehearsal]

Himari: Ohh, I couldn't memorize a thing...
Tomoe: Y-you don't have to beat yourself up about it.
Misaki: Yeah, our main focus is performing the music anyway. We're not in that many scenes where we have to act and dance, so I'm sure you'll get it down by the day of the show.
Himari: Y-yeah... But I might have disappointed Kaoru-senpai... And I was the one who offered to take on the role...
Hagumi: Hii-chan, you can do it...! Oh, I know! You should stop by my place today!
Hagumi: When you're in a bad mood, you eat yummy food! We can have some of my dad's croquettes and cheer up together!
Tomoe: Those meat croquettes, huh? Nice, I was just thinking about getting something to eat, too.
Misaki: Yeah, I'm hungry as well.
Himari: Ehehe. Thank you, Hagu. I'm sure eating those will help me feel better.
Misaki: We should tell Kaoru-san too, then. She might still be in the school since rehearsal just finished... Hm? Wait...
Hagumi: What's wrong?
Misaki: I can't find my phone... Sorry, maybe I left it in the classroom.
Himari: Y-you did? That was a close call! Good thing you noticed before we left the building.
Tomoe: Yeah... Hold on. Himari? Now that you mention it, where's your bag?
Himari: My bag? ... Huh? Why aren't I carrying a bag?!
Misaki: Ahaha... "Good thing you noticed before we left the building," huh...?
Himari: Ohh~, it's 'cause I was too busy being sad. But to forget my bag because of that? I shouldn't be letting that happen~.
Himari: Sigh... Welp, what's done is done. Shall we go get our things, Misaki-chan?
Tomoe: You guys okay going by yourselves?
Himari: We've got it under control! You and Hagu can go on ahead!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: ... Huh? The lights are on?
Himari: Hey, is that...?
Kaoru: ... No, that's not it. We're moving from a heart-wrenching scene to a scene of passion at this part. If it's not more obviously fleeting, it won't resonate with the audience...
Himari: Kaoru-senpai stayed behind to do some guitar practice...
Misaki: Looks like she's so focused, she hasn't even noticed us.
Kaoru: Tomorrow, we'll be rehearsing the entire music portion of the show... I have to prepare a complete and fleeting performance to my best ability by then...
Kaoru: Ah, I know...! This is the time for Hamlet... I should play this as him. I'll take the sentiments of that tragic individual and let them be carried by the rhythm...
Kaoru: Ahh! "To be, or not to be? That is the question"...!
Kaoru: Th-this is it. It's so fleeting, even for me...! I've created music that will captivate the little kittens, yet again...!
Himari: Wh-what a strange way to practice...
Misaki: I think this is the first time I'm actually seeing this.
Himari: Wait, really?
Misaki: Kaoru-san always finishes practicing her part beforehand. That's what we get to see when we all come together and have rehearsal.
Himari: Oh. I wonder if she's the type of person who takes on new challenges by copying looks and behavior first. She does seem to be acting out a character while she plays.
Misaki: Ah, now that you mention it, for some unknown reason, she came to practice in a hip-hop outfit that time we made a rap song...
Misaki: But still...
Kaoru: The next scene is filled with fiery emotions, which means... Oh, Romeo... Yes, I must become him! Oh, Romeo! Wherefore art I Romeo?!
Misaki: I'm... pretty sure that's supposed to be Juliet's line.
Kaoru: ...?! M-Misaki?! Himari-chan?! H-how long have you been standing there?! W-weren't you all headed home?!
Himari: W-we forgot something... A-ahaha...
Misaki: So, Kaoru-san, you've been practicing like this all along, huh? I figured you could just do everything well. I had no idea you had these underground sessions going on.
Misaki: But... how do I put this? That's a weird... Ah, I mean, that's an... interesting... way of doing things...
Kaoru: Indeed, I have. As it pertains to acting, one peek at the script is enough for me to grasp my role. Unfortunately, I cannot say it's as simple of a process for music and dance.
Kaoru: Still, once I'm in character, everything becomes a lot easier to memorize, so I come alone to rehearse like this.
Misaki: Oh, I see...
Kaoru: That said, it is not my desire to show others a form which is not fleeting. A swan does not show itself desperately struggling underwater, does it?
Himari: I'm glad I was able to watch you practice. Seeing you try so hard makes me feel like I have to do the same!
Kaoru: Himari-chan... I appreciate you saying that. If I'm going to take to the stage, then I wish to deliver greatness. I don't plan to skimp on effort if it's for that purpose.
Kaoru: It's also the time for us who have bonded through this band to perform as one. I currently have such wonderful friends by my side... And I'll be beyond delighted if I can communicate that to everyone.
Misaki & Himari: Kaoru-san...
Himari: ... Okay, I've decided! I'm gonna stay and keep practicing with you! Misaki-chan, can you let Tomoe and Hagu know?!
Misaki: Yeah, no problem, but... would it be okay if I joined?
Himari: Huh? You're gonna stay too?
Misaki: I only happen to be a part of this whole thing because I was asked to do a favor, but... after hearing what Kaoru-san just said, I feel like maybe I should also try a little harder.
Himari: Misaki-chan...
Kaoru: You two have my gratitude. Ahh, I am truly blessed to have encountered such marvelous companions...! How fleeting...!
Misaki: A-ahaha... You're such a drama queen.
