event96-07 Ending: To My Future Self

The members of Pastel＊Palettes watch the finished video, and Aya blushes at their praise.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Talent Agency]

Aya: You know, sometimes when I watch this video, I wonder whether I'm trying as hard as I was back then.
Aya: It's because of how hard I worked back then that I'm here now. That's why it feels like I'm not doing enough sometimes.
Aya: ... And that's the video.
Hina: Ooh~, isn't that great? Everyone, applause!
Eve: To think my section would be the climax of the video... I am very touched!
Hina: I thought that last part was so great~. It just felt like the real Aya-chan, you know? It was super boppin'♪
Maya: I-I completely understand... Sniff... It truly was the real Aya-san...
Chisato: Your expression there really leaves an impression. It felt like... your eyes were focused solely on your dreams.
Maya: Aya-san... Thank you so much for this wonderful video!
Aya: No, I was just being myself! This was thanks to all of you. You were the ones recording, after all.
Chisato: I knew Aya-chan was the right choice for this project. In fact, it might not have been possible without her.
Eve: When will this video be put online? I hope it is soon!
Aya: Phew~... With everyone complimenting me like this, my face feels kinda hot...
Aya: But seriously, thank you, everyone.
Maya: Aya-san~! I'm the one who should be thanking you~!
Hina: Ahaha! Maya-chan's getting all emotional!
Aya: You know, it feels like this project was a good chance for me to reflect on myself.
Eve: What do you mean?
Aya: In a way, it's like I got to confirm how I got here, where I should be headed...
Aya: And finally, where I'm standing right now.
Chisato: Fufufu. Then we'll just have to head down the same path together, as Pastel＊Palettes.
Aya: Yeah! I know we can do it!
Hina: You know, Aya-chan looks soft and fluffy on the outside, but on the inside, she's as solid as a rock.
Eve: That is right! Soft and fluffy on the outside, but with a strong core!
Hina: I can't wait to see more and more interesting sides of Aya-chan!
Maya: I also want to learn more from you!
Aya: Come on, guys... You're gonna make me cry~...
Hina: Ahaha! Now it's Aya-chan's turn to be emotional!
Aya: I bet that if the future me saw this video, she'd probably have a lot of things she wishes she could have done better.
Aya: But it's only because we've grown as people that we can reflect on our pasts, right?
Aya: That's why I'll do my best from now on, so the future me can look back and see how much she's grown!
Maya: Aya-san, you really are a hard worker, aren't you?
Chisato: She really is. She wouldn't be our Aya-chan if she wasn't.
Eve: Fufu, I will do my best too! I won't let you win, Aya-san!
Hina: Ahaha, I bet Eve-chan's best is really something too~. You might've made yourself a pretty strong rival, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ooh... Y-you might be right... But I'm not going to lose, either~!
Hina: Hey, everyone, why don't we turn this meeting into a party and go to a café?
Maya: Ooh, good idea! We should!
Chisato: Why don’t we chat a little longer? I'd like to hear a little more about what we were talking about before the concert.
Eve: I have questions as well!
Hina: Oh! I wanna hear more about Aya-chan's MC notes! I've been super curious about what sort of stuff is inside!
Aya: Huh!? I-I can't tell you that~...
Hina: Don't be like that~. It's fine, isn't it?
Aya: No, no, no! My lips are sealed~!
(Black cut)
