event96-03 Chapter 2: Aya's Feelings

It's the day of the live show. Aya and Chisato go down to the seats, camera in hand. What does Aya have in mind...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day Of The Show]

[Concert Hall]

Aya: I can't believe you're still working on the special close-up even though we have a concert today... Chisato-chan, aren't you tired?
Chisato: Don't worry about me. I'm positive the fans are dying to know what you're like before a show. I don't want to miss a single moment.
Aya: Ok, then I'm counting on you, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Anyway, Aya-chan, why are we here in the audience before the show has even started?
Aya: Um, you see, I wanted to see what our stage looked like for the people in the very back...
Aya: I mean, I want everyone to enjoy our shows, even the people furthest away!
Chisato: Fufufu, is that why you've been disappearing before our shows lately?
Aya: I actually wanted to invite everyone to come with, but you're all so focused before our shows, so it's kinda tough to call out to you...
Chisato: Fufu, there's no need to hold back on our accounts. I think what you said right now is very important for improving the quality of our shows.
Aya: You think so too!?
Chisato: Since we're already here, why don't we call the others over to check the view?
Aya: Yeah, that's a great idea! Let's do it! I'll go get everyone!
Chisato: ...And with that, our Aya-chan has dashed off to the dressing room. She really is our kind, hard-working, reliable leader.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Before the Show]

[Dressing Room]

Maya: Um, Eve-san! About the beginning of our encore song, there was something I wanted to bring up...
Eve: Ah, I was thinking about that part too! I think if we tried doing it a little more like this...
Hina: Ah, everyone's super pumped up online~. Let's hit them with this! "Just a little bit longer~!" and... Posted!
Aya: This is it... You know, I feel the same thing every show, but I'm still not used to it... Chisato-chan, doesn't it seem like time slows down during moments like this?
Chisato: I know what you mean, but I've experienced this sort of pressure since I was a child.
Chisato: Plus, there's still the video to think about today. I don't have time to feel nervous.
Aya: Huh... It doesn't matter how much I practice, I still get nervous before the real deal...
Hina: Ahaha. Aya-chan, your face is all stiff again~. Wanna do another stretching session?
Aya: I-I'll pass, thank you! I've still got to memorize this, anyway.
Eve: Hm? Aya-san, what is that paper?
Aya: Ah, it's what I'm going to talk about during the show as MC. I summed everything up here so I don't forget what to say.
Hina: Ooh! So basically it's your cheat sheet, right!? I wanna see! Pretty please~!?
Aya: What!? No way~. It'd be super embarrassing if anyone read it before the show!
Hina: Aw~, why not~? Just a little peek wouldn't hurt, right?
Maya: Stop it, Hina-san... I have to do something similar for my own columns too, so I know how it feels. I'd be very embarrassed if someone saw them.
Hina: Really~...? Alrighty, then I'll just wait for the show! Aya-chan! I'm expecting great things from you!
Aya: Ah, the pressure...
Chisato: Fufu, you'll be fine. Regardless of whether your MCing goes well or not, everyone will love it.
Hina: Ahahaha! That's true! Actually, if you think about it, isn't that amazing? Aya-chan's MCing is invincible!
Maya: You're going to be speaking twice this time, right? Right at the beginning and right after our encore. We're counting on you, invincible MC!
Aya: Come on, quit it, Maya-chan... Huh? Wait a second...
Aya: After the encore, I come in from stage right... Right? Huh? Or was it stage left?
Aya: O-oh, no! Now I'm getting all mixed up!
Hina: Ahaha, you're way too worked up about this~. We're all here too, so don't sweat it!
Chisato: Hina-chan's right. No matter what happens, we've got your back, okay?
Eve: Right! Aya-san just needs to be her best Aya-san!
Aya: Everyone~...
Aya: That's right, I'm not alone. You've all got my back. We've got this!
Aya: Thanks everyone! Let's give them another fun show!
Chisato, Maya, Eve & Hina: Yes! Yes! Yeah!
