event96-06 Chapter 5: Aya's "Idol Bushido"

A look at Eve's phone reveals images of Aya a little younger than she is now...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Aya: There's a video I want to show you... Ah, here it is. Alright, ready?
Aya: And... Play.
Eve: Hm? Is this an audition for something?
Aya: Yeah. This is a video of people auditioning to be idol trainees. Take a look.
Eve: Ah! That is you, right? You look a little shorter!
Aya: Of course I do~. I've probably grown about five centimeters since then.
Trainee Aya: I'm number 261, Aya Maruyama!
Trainee Aya: My hobbies are singing and supporting my favorite idols!
Trainee Aya: Thank you for your time today!
Eve: Oh, you are very cute~.
Aya: Fufufu, thanks, Eve-chan. It was thanks to me passing this audition that I was able to become a trainee.
Aya: You could say this was the first step on my path to becoming an idol. Oh, next is the singing test.
Eve: You are also doing the choreography as well. Actually, I think I have heard this song before...
Aya: It's one of Marmalade's songs. I love Ayumi-san's voice, and more than anything, this song has always made me really happy. That's why I wanted to sing it for the audition.
Eve: How should I put this...? Your desire to become an idol is very clear.
Eve: This is like yesterday's show when you said you wanted your feelings to reach all the way to the people in the back seats!
Aya: I think of this as my starting point. That's why I keep the video on my phone, so I can always look at it.
Eve: I see... So in other words... Aya-san was not built in a day, either.
Aya: Huh? What are you talking about?
Eve: It is because you worked so hard when you were younger that our Aya-san is able to be here today. I am sure of it!
Eve: In other words, trainee Aya-san gradated into our current Aya-san!
Aya: Oh, I really like that!
Aya: You know, sometimes when I watch this video, I wonder whether I'm trying as hard as I was back then.
Aya: I mean, obviously the me in this video was way worse at dancing and terrible at singing. There's a bunch of stuff I cringe thinking about...
Aya: But still, I was fueled purely by my desire to become an idol. There was a sense of desperation.
Eve: Aya-san...
Aya: It's because of how hard I worked back then that I'm here now. That's why it feels like I'm not doing enough sometimes.
Eve: You do not need to worry about that! Everyone in Pastel＊Palettes knows you are doing your best! I guarantee it.
Aya: Yeah! Thanks, Eve-chan!
Aya: I don't want to be outdone by the old me in this video, either. I'll put my all into everything I can do now, so someday, I can become an even better idol than Ayumi-san!
Eve: Yes! I know you can do it!
Aya: I just need to do my best, that's all! ... Although, I guess in the end, that's all I ever say, huh...?
Eve: No, I think that is the very essence of Aya-san! You truly are a warrior!
Aya: Huh? Warrior?!
Eve: I respect the Aya-san who steadfastly pursues her dreams!
Aya: W-wait, Eve-chan... You can't say things like that so suddenly...
Eve: Just like I pursue the path of bushido, Aya-san, you are pursuing the path of the idol!
Aya: The path of the idol, huh~? You know, you might be right...
Eve: Let us keep moving forward, as pursuers of our own paths!
Aya: Yeah! We've got this!
Maya: Oh, hello, you two. I didn't expect to see you here already.
Aya: Oh, Maya-chan!
Maya: We've got that meeting today about yesterday's concert, so I thought I'd get here a little early... I'm surprised to see you two here before me...
Eve: Well, today is my turn for the special close-up, after all!
Maya: Ah, that's right! What side of Aya-san are you planning on catching today?
Eve: Fufu. Actually, my work may already be done for the day. I have already captured a very wonderful side of Aya-san.
Maya: What!? A-already? What kind of video did you take? Come on, tell me, please~?
Aya: I guess you could call it... a video about how we'll both work hard on our respective paths.
Eve: Yes! You will have to wait until the video is done to hear the rest!
Aya: Alright. Now how about we get ready for the meeting?
Eve: Yes! Good idea!
Maya: Aw~, I still really want to know...
