event96-01 Opening: The Special Close-Up Begins!

Aya is set to have a special close-up made about her. However, her expressions during filming are a bit tense...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency - Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: Hmm, Maya-chan~, could you move a little closer to the middle?
Maya: Okay, like this?
Chisato: Hina-chan, are you sure that Aya-chan is in the center of the shot?
Hina: Yup, all good! Just add me and we'll be perfect!
Aya: It's finally starting. I hope I don't mess up my lines...!
Eve: Aya-san, smile, smile!
Hina: Alrighty then, everyone ready? I'm hitting record!
Hina: And~... Action!
Aya: Hello, everyone! We are...
All: Pastel＊Palettes!
Chisato: Thank you for all of your continued support!
Hina: This time, Chisato-chan, Maya-chan, Eve-chan and yours truly are bringing you a special close-up on our precious leader!
Eve: You will be able to witness many sides of Aya-san you have never seen! It will be a very luxurious experience!
Maya: We might even show you some behind-the-scenes stuff you haven't seen before!
Chisato: Well then, Aya-chan, the floor is yours.
Aya: Okay! Um, I'd be glad if you all got to know me and everyone here in Pastel＊Palettes better! You might even grow to like us more! Please enjoy the video!
Hina: ... Okay, cut!
Aya: Phew~, I was so nervous~. I didn't say anything weird, did I?
Chisato: Oh, Aya-chan, you always worry too much.
Aya: This is completely different from our normal shoots, so I'm not used to it~.
Eve: Well, I am very excited! We are going to be getting a big helping of the real Aya-san with this video!
Hina: This video is getting uploaded to the Pastel＊Palettes official homepage, right?
Maya: I can't wait~. It'll be a good chance for me to learn what an idol really is!
Aya: Y-you're exaggerating. I mean, I'm still not even sure I was the right choice for this project... It's not like there'll be anything interesting to record anyway...
Chisato: You don't need to worry about that. I'm sure what the fans want to see is the real you.
Hina: Right! You'll be fine! Besides, you're the most interesting when you're being yourself!
Aya: Was... that a compliment?
Hina: You bet it was! A super-duper compliment.
Aya: Umm... Well, I guess you're right. Just like Maya said, we'll be showing them Pastel＊Palettes, behind the scenes.
Aya: We gotta do our best, so that this close-up helps our fans grow to like us more!
Maya: Aya-san... That's what you just said in the clip we took.
Aya: Ah, you're right!
Chisato: Fufufu. I knew Aya-chan was the right choice for this project.
Hina: Yep! Aya-chan's the type that can't bite off more than she can chew even if she wanted to.
Aya: That... definitely wasn't a compliment, was it?
Eve: Since we will be the camera people for this project, that means the fans will be able to see Aya-san from our perspectives! I think this will be a very treasured video for them!
Maya: I'll do my best to make sure I properly capture Aya-san's charm!
Aya: When you put it that way, it just makes me even more nervous...
Chisato: Alright, I think it's about time to begin our lessons. Shall we?
Hina: Since I'm today's camera girl~, let's give them the special full course!
Aya: Huh? What's the special full course...?!
Chisato: Hina-chan. We're supposed to be capturing the real Aya-chan, so we should just do things normally.
Hina: Fine~. Then I'm starting the camera~.
Aya: O-okay! Everyone, let's do our best!
(Black cut)
Aya: Um... We're done with vocal warm-ups... So next is... Uh... What was next?
Chisato: Normally, we'd move on to some stretching.
Aya: R-right! Next is schretches!
Hina: Ahahaha, schretches! Now that's the Aya-chan I know~.
Aya: Aw~!
Aya: Everyone, let's spread out. Let's start with our necks...  One, two, three, four.
Eve: Five, six, seven, eight...
Hina: Aya-chan~, your eyebrows are too scrunched up~. Smile, smile~!
Aya: O-okay...
Chisato: Aya-chan... It looks like she's too conscious of the camera...
Maya: Y-yeah... She's a lot stiffer than usual.
Chisato: ... Maya-chan, could I borrow you for a moment? I think I have an idea.
Maya: An idea? What kind of an idea...?
