event96-05 Chapter 4: Footprints of Growth

Eve arrives at the agency early. Once she spots Aya, she immediately swings the camera around and focuses on her.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Aya: Hmm... I can't really call this complete yet...
Aya: Ok, let's put this one on hold... Next is... Ah, this one... Let's see...
Eve: Good morning!
Aya: Ah, Eve-chan, good morning! You're early today.
Eve: Yes! The excitement from yesterday's show has still not settled, so I woke up much earlier than usual today.
Eve: You are also quite early, aren't you? I think there is still some time before the meeting begins...
Aya: I'm probably feeling the same as you. I woke up super early, today.
Aya: ... You know, it's good that we're early and all, but there really is a lot of time before the meeting starts... What should we do...?
Eve: How about we talk a little? May I record with the video camera while we chat?
Aya: Yeah, I don't mind... But we're just talking, aren't we? I don't know if anything interesting is going to happen...
Eve: That's not true! I think everyone wants to hear what you have to say! There is much I want to ask too!
Aya: I see~. In that case, sure! Just go easy on me, okay♪
Eve: Of course! And the same goes for you!
Eve: ... And there, all ready. Okay, here we go!
Eve: Hello, everyone! I am here with Aya-san, right before our meeting.
Aya: Hello, everyone~!
Eve: Today, we are going to have a meeting to talk about yesterday's concert.
Aya: I wonder what everyone will say... I still haven't collected my own thoughts quite yet...
Eve: Oh, Aya-san, is that why you were writing something in your notebook just now?
Aya: No, you see, this is my dream notebook.
Eve: I see! If I recall correctly, that is the notebook that you have written all your dreams and goals down in, right?
Aya: Right. As I get closer and closer to fulfilling my dreams, I've noticed my goals gradually shift and change, so I've been keeping track.
Aya: Dreams gradate into goals... Eve-chan, you told me that, didn't you? I really liked what you said back then!
Aya: After yesterday's show, I checked off the goals I fulfilled and wrote down new ones... But the new goals section just keeps growing and growing.
Aya: When I'm with you all as Pastel＊Palettes, there's so much we can do together that I get a little ahead of myself...
Eve: I think that is a very wonderful thing! That means Pastel＊Palettes is going to be trying all sorts of things from now on!
Eve: Aya-san's goals are all of our goals!
Aya: Thanks, Eve-chan. When I'm with all of you, I feel like I can push myself even harder.
Eve: Me too! I want to try my best as well!
Eve: By the way, Aya-san. May I look inside your notebook? I would like to get a shot for the video.
Aya: What?! That'd be so embarrassing though~!
Eve: Please? I am sure the fans want to know what your dreams are too!
Eve: Plus, if the fans knew what sort of dreams and goals you are working to achieve, I am sure it will inspire them to follow their own dreams, too!
Aya: Y-you think so...? But I don't think I've written down anything that cool...
Aya: Umm~... Just a little, okay?
Eve: Thank you very much, Aya-san!
Aya: It really is embarrassing, so don't record too much, got it? ... Um, this is where I wrote my goals.
Eve: Incredible, there are so many now!
Aya: Looking back on the old goals feels a little strange... Most of them are really abstract...
Eve: Hm... "Just do my best during concerts!". "Do my best to get through my MCing too!"
Aya: ... It sounds kinda repetitive, doesn't it...?
Eve: Fufu, but doing your best is very important. And Aya-san really is doing just that!
Aya: Well, around here, I think they get a little bit more specific.
Aya: "Get the crowd excited with my MCing."  "Stay focused between songs..."
Aya: L-looking at it now, they're all kind of obvious, aren't they...?
Eve: Really? I think these are very important goals.
Eve: I think the fact that you are able to think of them as obvious is just proof that you have mastered them!
Aya: You know... I think you're right!
Aya: As I keep fulfilling these goals, I hope I can become an idol that can inspire others, too.
Aya: And with that, I think that's enough for today~.
Eve: Aww~! I want to see more!
Aya: But showing you any more than this would really be embarrassing!
Eve: Aw~, that is very unfortunate...
Aya: C-come on, don't give me that face... Oh, I know! I've got something else, other than my dream notebook, that I think I'd be fine with showing you...
Eve: Oh? What is that?
Aya: It's still really embarrassing, but this is a special close-up after all... It's this...
Eve: Huh?  Your... smartphone...?
(Black cut)
