event96-04 Chapter 3: Under the Gentle Light

On stage, Aya starts MCing the show. To Chisato's surprise, however, Aya begins making an unplanned speech...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Onstage]

Aya: That was "DAYS of Embrace♪" Thank you very much!
Aya: Now then, before our next song, I thought I'd take a little time to chat with you all!
Aya: You see, right now, the rest of Pastel＊Palettes is working on a special video feature about me!
Aya: Being recorded makes me nervous, but I'm really happy I get to work together with one of them every day!
Maya: As one of the camera people,  I'm confident we've fully captured Aya-san's greatness!
Hina: But you know, she was so nervous at first, she looked liked a robot~.
Aya: H-Hina-chan! That was supposed to be a secret~!
Eve: I am also excited to film Aya-san! I will do my best to shoot all the sides of Aya-san the fans want to see!
Aya: Fufu, thanks, Eve-chan!
Chisato: We were hoping to show the video to all of you who came to see us today, but unfortunately, the video couldn't be edited in time. Our apologies.
Chisato: That being said... We have an obligation to meet our fans' expectations, do we not...?
Aya: ...Huh?
Chisato: So we prepared this for you.
(White cut)
Audience Member: Yeah!!
Aya: What!? Chisato-chan, what is this...? Where did you get that camera?
Chisato: I told the staff backstage to prepare it beforehand. Come on, Aya-chan, look over here.
Aya: Chisato-chan, that's too close~!
(White cut)
Maya: Oho~, looks like it's getting broadcast on this monitor too! It's like a Mega Aya-san has appeared!
Hina: Ahaha! Aya-chan, your face is bright red~!
Chisato: This is the Aya-chan we see while we're on stage♪ Aya-chan, do you have anything to say?
Aya: What!? Uh, this is all so sudden~... Uh, um...
Aya: H-hello, everyone~☆ It's me, Aya Maruyama, the fluffy pink member of Pastel＊Palettes! Uh... What else do I say...?
Aya: ... Oh, that's right! Everyone in the back! We can see you all just fine!
Aya: We'll play our hearts out, so that our feelings reach all the way back to you too! Please keep cheering until the very end!
Aya: Ah, and... Once this video gets uploaded, please take a look! If you all came to like Pastel＊Palettes more because of it, I'd be so berry hoppy!
Hina: Ooh~, she almost had it~. That was so close~.
Chisato: Fufufu. If she can make even something like that go over so well, Aya-chan's MCing really might be invincible.
Aya: Oh~... I really wanted to get the whole thing right~...
Eve: Everyone seems to have enjoyed it very much though! Now is the time to move on to our next song!
Aya: Right. Okay then, please enjoy our next song!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show - Walking Home]

[Station Entrance]

Eve: Good work today, everyone!
Aya: We were on fire today!
Maya: Yeah! I was surprised when Chisato-san pulled out the camera, but the audience really seemed to like it!
Chisato: I certainly hope so... Still, I do have to apologize to all of you for keeping it a secret.
Aya: No, you don't need to apologize for that. It was thanks to you that we were able to have such a great show!
Hina: Yeah, Chisato-chan's really got a handle on things, doesn't she~? I mean, she's still recording, even now.
Chisato: Of course I am. Post-show Aya-chan is definitely a must-see for all of the fans.
Chisato: With that, Aya-chan, now that the show is over, do you have anything to say?
Aya: Huh...? A-again?
Aya: ... What should I do? I can't think of anything. U-um...
Aya: Thank you very much for today! We'll continue to do our best, so please keep supporting us!
All: ...
Hina: Wow~, now that was super average.
Aya: Aw~, but I can't think of anything good when you ambush me like that~.
Chisato: On stage, though, you become quite the speaker, don't you? I thought your MCing today was spectacular.
Maya: I thought so too! Aya-san, you really do shine brightest when you're on stage!
Aya: Oh, c-come on guys, that's too much...
Chisato: Alright, with that, let's stop recording for today. Aya-chan, I'm sure you're exhausted from both the show and the video, aren't you? You really did work hard today.
Aya: You worked really hard too, Chisato-chan! Thanks so much for recording despite the show!
Chisato: Oh, no, It was no trouble at all. I had a lot of fun. Well then, Eve-chan, I'll leave the camera with you.
Maya: Ah, that's right. It's Eve-san's turn next!
Eve: Yes! I will take good care of it! I am very much looking forward to my special close-up on Aya-san!
Aya: Ahahaha, Eve-chan. We've got a meeting tomorrow, so I don't think it'll be all that fun.
Eve: No problem! I will make sure to capture the true Aya-san! Leave it to me!
