event139-01 Opening: Disharmony

Whilst at CiRCLE, Lisa and the others hear a troubling rumor. Something strange then happens at the rehearsal studio.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Ako: Hello!
Marina: Hello, Ako-chan. You're as lively as ever today.
Ako: Well, you see, I went to an Afterglow concert yesterday, and seeing my cool sister got me fired up!
Lisa: Ahaha. You really love Tomoe, don't you, Ako?
Marina: Welcome to you too, Lisa-chan. Is everyone from Roselia here?
Yukina: Yes, we are.
Sayo: I know we are slightly early, but would it be possible to check in?
Marina: Give me just a minute~. Let's see, the studio Roselia reserved is~...
Woman A: Hey, did you hear the rumor? The one about the sighting at the studio in the next town over.
Woman B: I did~! It's the ghost bassist, right? My friend said they saw it!
Lisa: A gh-ghost...?
Ako: I heard about that rumor from a friend in my class! She said that the ghost of a girl appeared in a studio her friend was using.
Lisa: Hmm, is that so...?
Ako: The ghost has red clothes and long hair, and she always appears when a band is practicing...
Ako: When practice ends, she follows the bassist home and tries to take over their body~... I think that's how the rumor goes, anyway!
Ako: Rumors of strange things happening at nearby studios have been spreading all over lately!
Rinko: Ako-chan... You seem like you're having fun...
Ako: Yeah! I love scary stories and haunted houses! Although I'd hate it if I saw a real ghost...
Lisa: Stop, stop! Quit it with the scary stories! I'm gonna be home alone tonight~.
Ako: Huh? Really? Why's that?
Lisa: My dad is going on a business trip, and my mom has some household errands. I think they'll both be back tomorrow night.
Rinko: Then, it might be a little... nerve-racking...
Lisa: Umm, I should be fine as long as I pass the time normally. I usually do housework anyway, and Yukina's place is right next door...
Lisa: But no more scary stories from now on!
Ako: Okay. I'm sorry, Lisa-nee.
Lisa: As long as you understand.
Marina: Fufu. Practice studios have a lot of rumors like that~. Oh, CiRCLE is safe, though. I promise.
Rinko: Thank goodness...
Sayo: Rumors are simply that. There is nothing to fear.
Yukina: In any case, would it be alright for us to enter the studio?
Marina: Sorry for the wait. The people before you left early, so it's fine for you to start setting up your instruments.
Sayo: Thank you very much.
Ako: Ah! Sayo-san, Yukina-san, wait!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Ako: Hey, Rin-rin. Wasn't my performance just now really awesome?!
Rinko: Yeah... You were so cool when you followed the rhythm... And I see you... changed your drumsticks...
Ako: Ehehe, you noticed? My sister got new drumsticks and debuted them at yesterday's concert~. She was super-duper cool!
Rinko: So you imitated Tomoe-san... and tried new ones too...
Ako: Right! I thought if I copied my cool sister, I'd be cooler too. That's why I'm always trying the stuff she does!
Ako: Hey, Lisa-nee! Check out my new drumsticks!
Lisa: ... Huh? Ah, umm... Sorry, I wasn't listening.
Ako: Lisa-nee...?
Yukina: What's the matter, Lisa? You've been in a daze for a while now.
Lisa: W-well, y'know... When we were syncing up just now, I thought I heard the sound of someone else's bass...
Ako: Rin-rin, did you hear anything?
Rinko: N-no... I don't think... I heard that...
Sayo: I also did not hear any concerning noises in particular...
Lisa: Ahaha, must've been my imagination then. Hearing about the ghost before must've gotten to- Eek!
Ako: What's wrong, Lisa-nee?!
Lisa: O-outside the door! A woman with long hair and red clothes just passed by!
Rinko: Long hair and red clothes... That's the same... as the ghost bassist from the rumor...
Sayo: Could it not have been someone using another studio?
Yukina: But this studio is at the end of the hall, so even if you pass by, it's just a dead end.
Sayo: I-I'm sure... they just got lost.
Ako: That has to be it! I'll go out and check!
Lisa: No, don't, Ako!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... Was someone there...?
Ako: Nuh-uh, didn't seem like it. Maybe it really was someone using the studio across the way. I even heard someone playing!
Lisa: R-really...?
Sayo: I do not believe there is anything to worry about. Long hair and red clothing are fairly common features.
Ako: That ghost story is just a rumor. It's okay, Lisa-nee!
Lisa: You're right... Sorry, I was just thinking about it too much. You're right. A rumor is just a rumor!
(Black cut)
