event139-04 Chapter 3: An Unwanted Guest

The girls manage to restore light in the house. However, Rinko notices something unusual about the room...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Ako: Wh-why did it suddenly go dark?! Did I press the wrong button?!
Sayo: Please calm down. Using the television and the microwave at the same time must have tripped the circuit breaker.
Lisa: Th-that might be it, but... why do these weird things keep happening? Seriously~...!
Ako: Lisa-nee, are you okay? I'll go take a look at the circuit breaker!
Rinko: Ako-chan... it's not safe... with the house being pitch dark...
Ako: I've got the light on my smartphone, so I'll be okay! Plus, resetting the circuit breaker at my house is my sister's job.
Ako: It's so cool, so I always ask her to let me do it, but I can never get her to~... That's why I want to do it today!
Yukina: How is resetting a circuit breaker cool...? I'm afraid I do not understand what you mean...
Sayo: She probably sees everything that Tomoe-san does as cool...
Yukina: Is that how it works...? Well then, Ako, let's go together to the front entrance where the circuit breaker is.
Ako: Huh? Why?! I'll be fine on my own!
Yukina: I believe that you will not be tall enough to reach it. And you most likely do not know where the circuit breaker is.
Lisa: I'm sorry, Ako. Can I ask you to handle it with Yukina...?
Ako: Okay~. We'll be back!
Lisa: Take care~... Ngh, there's definitely something weird going on today~...
Sayo: You just feel that way because you already believe in the ghost's existence.
Rinko: Th-that's right... Yukina-san and Ako-chan will reset the circuit breaker... and the lights will return...
Rinko: Ah... See... The lights turned on...
Lisa: You're right... Thank goodness~...
Ako: Lisa-nee~, it looks like the circuit breaker really was tripped!
Yukina: When we reset it, the lights immediately came back on.
Lisa: Ngh~, I guess I was just being way too scared...
Rinko: Eep...
Ako: Wh-what's wrong, Rin-rin? You've got a scared look on your face...
Rinko: U-umm... the music magazine I left on the table... two or three of its pages just turned, even though there is no one around...
Ako & Lisa: What?!
Rinko: And the page it stopped on... h-has a special feature article on basses...
Lisa: W-wait, seriously...?
Sayo: You say the pages turned on their own, but... could it not have just been the air conditioner blowing air again since we reset the circuit breaker?
Yukina: You have a point. The air conditioner does seem to be on. The power light is lit up.
Rinko: ... Was the air conditioner blowing strong enough to turn the pages...?
Sayo: It... did not particularly feel that way...
Lisa: ... M-maybe it really is the ghost... The circuit breaker wouldn't normally trip just because we were using the living room air conditioner and the microwave...!
Sayo: I-is there any chance that an air conditioner is on in another room?
Ako: That's right! I've been scolded for leaving my room with the air conditioner on before.
Lisa: Another air conditioner, huh~...? If I did leave one on, it would be in my room...
Lisa: Ngh~, but I can't go by myself right now! Someone come with me~!
Ako: I'll go! With the power of darkness hidden within my soul... Umm, I'll make it go boom and be Lisa-nee's cool bodyguard!
Yukina: Is it really necessary to motivate yourself that much...? You are just going to Lisa's room.
Lisa: Make it go boom with the power of darkness, huh...? Thanks. I might not be as scared anymore.
Lisa: Okay then, we'll be back.
Rinko: O-okay... Um, be careful...
Sayo: Take care.
Ako: Lisa-nee, let's hurry~. We just need to go upstairs, right?
Lisa: A-Ako, wait! Don't leave me alone!
Sayo: It would seem that their normal roles have been reversed.
Rinko: Imai-san... really is afraid...
Sayo: ... I keep telling all of you. That ghost bassist nonsense is just a rumor.
Rinko: But... the magazine pages turned on their own just now... what could that have been...?
Sayo: That was likely just because the air conditioner was blowing air.
Rinko: There was also... a mysterious laugh...
Sayo: Well... I thought we agreed that was probably a stray cat...
Yukina: That was a fairly strange meow for a cat.
Yukina: It almost sounded like a woman's laugh...
Sayo & Rinko: ...
Rinko: I-is it really... the ghost bassist... trying to take Imai-san's place...?
Sayo: Sh-Shirokane-san! Please do not say something so inauspicious!
(Black cut)
