event139-03 Chapter 2: Invisible Whisper

The group decides to hold a sleepover at Lisa's. One after another, mysterious phenomena begin to occur.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Ako: We're back~! Lisa-nee, where should we put our change of clothes and bags?
Lisa: You can put them all in the corner of the living room... Hey, your clothes are a little wet. Did it start raining?
Sayo: As we were walking, it just started to sprinkle. According to the forecast, it will be growing in intensity. There may be lightning.
Yukina: Sayo... you certainly have a lot of baggage.
Rinko: Your travel bag seems like it would fit three days worth of clothes... and it's bulging...
Sayo: W-well... I was planning for emergencies, and my luggage kept increasing...
Lisa: Ahaha, that's so like you, Sayo☆ Ako, you've also got a lot more bags than I expected...
Lisa: Hm? Are those drumsticks sticking out of your bag? You won't be able to practice the drums at my house, Ako.
Ako: Fufufu, I wish to take these new wands and fasten their bindings to my soul of darkness by... Umm...
Rinko: You want to get your hands used to your new drumsticks... so you brought them with you, right...?
Ako: Yeah! That's it, Rin-rin! When my sister gets new sticks, she always carries them around and touches them, so I'm doing the same thing!
Sayo: That would indeed be the quickest method to become accustomed to an instrument.
Lisa: I see, so that's why you put them in your bag... Everyone, I'm sorry to have caused you so much trouble... It's kind of pathetic that I'm afraid of ghosts at this age, huh?
Ako: Not at all!  Even I have things I can't handle.
Lisa: Do you mean like... green bell peppers?
Ako: Urk... I-I'll be able to eat them someday!
Lisa: Ahaha... Right, thanks. All of you are here, so I'm sure I'll be fine for the rest of today!
Yukina: Oh? Your television is different from the last time we were here.
Ako: You're right! This TV is so sparkly~!
Lisa: Ehehe~, actually, that just arrived yesterday~. The screen quality is really beautiful. Anyone wanna watch a movie later?
Ako: Wow~, I do, I do!
Sayo: Before that, should we not start on preparations for dinner? If you do not have enough ingredients, we can go purchase some.
Rinko: You have a point... We did all suddenly decide to spend the night...
Lisa: You don't have to worry about that. I made sure to check the fridge while all of you were getting your stuff from home.
Lisa: Today I'm making my deluxe beef stew☆
Ako: Yay~! Lisa-nee's deluxe beef stew~!
Rinko: Ako-chan... have you had it before...?
Ako: Nope! But it's one of Lisa-nee's dishes! It's sure to be delicious!
Lisa: I feel like you're raising the bar a little high for me... Well, I guess it's fine. You guys can read some magazines while you're waiting for it to be done.
Lisa: Where are my fashion magazines~...? Everyone's style is pretty different from mine. Are music magazines okay?
Rinko: Thank you...
Ako: Oh, oh, oh! I'll help cook!
Lisa: Thanks♪ Hm, I might ask you to chop the vegetables for me, then.
Sayo: Very well, I shall take charge of cleaning up.
Yukina: I suppose I can wash dishes.
Rinko: I-I'll help... with something too...
(Black cut)
Ako: Lisa-nee, your beef stew was so good~! It was like the ones they serve at restaurants!
Lisa: I'm glad you liked it, but that really is an exaggeration!
Rinko: Fufu... It really was delicious... Thank you for making it...
Yukina: The vegetables were fairly large. Did you cut all of them, Ako?
Ako: Yes! I thought they'd be tastier if they were in chunks!
Sayo: I feel like they were bigger than... chunks.
Rinko: The potatoes... were only cut into half their full size...
Lisa: Ahaha☆ Well, that was totally like Ako, so it's fine!
???: Ahaha.
Lisa & Rinko: Huh...?
Lisa: Th-that voice just now. You all heard it, right...?
Sayo: Perhaps it was just a stray cat. The sound of the rain is quite loud, so we must have misheard it.
Lisa: Y-yeah, right. Ahaha... Ahaha...
Ako: L-Lisa-nee, let's turn on the TV! You suggested watching a movie before, right?
Lisa: I-I totally forgot! In that case, maybe I should get some snacks ready. It is a sleepover, after all~.
Yukina: ... Lisa, your words sound so forced.
Sayo: You're clearly pushing yourself.
Lisa: I just remembered the ghost story, so I can't help it~! I'm gonna heat up a frozen pound cake in the microwave. You're all okay with one piece each, right?
Rinko: Y-yes... Thank you very much...
Ako: Where is the TV remote…? Here it is! Lisa-nee, I'll turn on the TV, okay~?
Lisa: Okay~!
Ako: Power~... on!
(Background change)
Lisa: Eek! What's going on? It's pitch black!
