event311-05 Chapter 4: Boppin'♪

The day before the festival, Pastel＊Palettes gathers — and the look on Hina's face as she plays is...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Day Before "Cross×Point Fes."]

Aya: Phew... I think that just now went really well!
Chisato: Yes. All right, let's call it here for today's practice.
Maya & Eve: Great work!
Hina: .........♪
Aya: Hina-chan, is that the shuffle band song?
Hina: Hm? Oh, nope, this one's different!
Aya: Oh, really? You've been playing it a lot for warm-ups lately, so I totally thought it was.
Hina: Nope. This is a song that's just between the person who wrote it and me~♪
Maya: It really suits you, Hina-san. Or rather... your sound really shines through.
Eve: I totally get it! When Hina-san was playing, she had the biggest smile!
Hina: Ahaha, I was making that face?
Aya: Yeah, you looked like you were having so much fun. I could tell it was a song you really love.
Hina: That's right! You all got it spot-on!
Chisato: Hina-chan, how are things going with the shuffle band? Not that I'm worried, since Sayo-chan's there too.
Hina: Yeah, perfect!
Hina: Playing in a band with Sis is super fun. No matter how I play, she always responds!
Maya: No matter how you play...?! That's impressive.
Aya: If you're that in sync, I bet the shuffle band members were pretty shocked, huh?
Hina: Yeah, maybe. They were like, "You guys are in sync even now?!" and "The Hikawa twins are ama~zing"!
Chisato: You're practicing properly so it comes together as a "band," right?
Hina: We are, we are! Everyone looked like they were having fun playing, so it'll be fine!
Hina: Sis was making this sound that was kinda... fun, too. So that made me even more excited.
Eve: So both Sayo-san and Hina-san were boppin'♪ from each other's sound!
Hina: Mmm, I dunno. I was, but I don't know what Sis thought about my sound.
Aya: Huh... really?
Chisato: ...Hina-chan. Do you ever talk with Sayo-chan about each other's guitar?
Hina: We do! Like how that ad-lib at the show went, and stuff. She analyzes my guitar, too!
Hina: One time, she even filled a whole notebook with notes... That was super boppin'♪!
Aya: Wow~ That kind of thing makes you so happy!
Maya: I get it. You can only analyze that much because you really love it.
Hina: ...That kind of simple wording would be enough, too.
Maya: Huh?
Hina: Nope, never mind. Just talking to myself.
Hina: Well, you don't even need words. That's why I started playing guitar.
Hina: I'm really glad I started playing. If I hadn't... I might still not understand Sis...
Hina: And I might not have met Pastel＊Palettes, either.
All: ...!
Hina: If I hadn't met Pastel＊Palettes, I probably would've stayed clueless about a bunch of things.
Hina: And if Pastel＊Palettes hadn't gotten this big, I don't think we would've been able to perform at this festival.
Hina: And someday, we're all gonna play at Budokan, right? It's gonna be nothing but fun, and totally boppin'♪
Hina: Man, I'm really glad I started playing guitar!
Eve: Hina-san...!
Maya: I don't know why, but that really got to me...
Chisato: Yeah. Hina-chan doesn't talk like this very often.
Aya: Ugh~... Hina-chan... Thanks for telling us...!
Hina: Huh? Aya-chan, why are you getting emotional?
Aya: Sniff, I wonder why~...! I just started remembering everything up until now... Ugh...
Aya: You met the guitar, and I got to meet you too... And I just... kept thinking how glad I am~...!
Hina: Ahaha, this isn't something to cry about!
Aya: It is something to cry about~...!
Aya: Sniff... Hina-chan, tomorrow at the festival, I'm gonna take tons of pictures of the shuffle band...! I'll do my best...!
Chisato: Aya-chan... I get what you mean, but that makes it sound like you're only going to do your best with the photos.
Aya: Ah, and the photos too! Nothing's changed. The live show is still what matters most!
Eve: It's okay! I can really feel your spirit, Aya-san!
Maya: Me too... Tomorrow, I'll give the best performance I can and do my best to help push Hina-san forward!
Hina: You guys... thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Later That Night]

Sayo: Um... my pick case, and... I have my spare strings too.
Sayo: (All right, that's everything. Now all that's left is getting onstage tomorrow...)
Sayo: ...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hina: Well, I figured you'd say you were in... but I wanted to hear it from you, Sis~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hina: Hey, Sis, what'd you think after listening to my sound today?
Hina: I just want to hear it in your own words!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Sayo: ...You're right.
Sayo: (I decided to stop overthinking my relationship with Hina. But there is something I need to tell her.)
Sayo: (Everything about me up to now... everything about you. Us...)
Sayo: I'll tell you everything tomorrow... directly to you.
