event188-05 Chapter 4: Melon on the Run!

The ring-bearer dog has to be captured! The chase begins!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Restaurant - Garden]

Aya: Melon~! Huh? I swear it came this way...
Maya: Melon~? Please come out~!
Hina: ...
Maya: What is it, Hina-san? You've been staring at me for a while...
Hina: Oh, nothing. It's just that you were so freaked out earlier.
Maya: I-I'd be lying if I said I wasn't scared... But there's no time for that right now!
Hina: Ahaha! That's true~. I think this part of you is great♪
Eve: I found Melon, everyone! On the grass over there. Ah, Melon's heading toward you, Chisato-san.
Chisato: You can leave it to me. I took some pet treats from the waiting room earlier to lure Melon with.
Eve: You're always so prepared, Chisato-san!
Chisato: Melon! I have a snack for you. Why don't you come over here?
Melon: ... Woof!
Hina: Ah! Melon ran off!
Chisato: What...?
Eve: Ch-Chisato-san...
Chisato: It's fine, Eve-chan... I guess it take some dogs time to warm up to people...
Chisato: More importantly, where did Melon go...?!
Hina: Ah, Melon's heading toward Maya-chan!
Eve: Maya-san, catch that dog!
Maya: (Just thinking back to how Sasazuka-san was so patient with me when we were filming on location... I have to do this for her...!)
Aya: Please, Maya-chan!
Maya: ... Here I go!
Melon: Woof!
Hina: Oh~! You did it, Maya-chan! You caught Melon~♪
Aya: Good job, Maya-chan~! You're holding a dog! That's amazing!
Eve: It looks like Melon has taken a liking to you! Just look at that wagging tail!
Maya: Wh-whoa there, M-Melon! Please don't lick my face. It tickles~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ten Minutes Later]

[Wedding Party Venue - Waiting Room]

Hina: Melon was able to deliver the ring! What a good doggie♪
Maya: The ring exchange part of the ceremony went off without a hitch... Thank goodness~.
Aya: I was pretty worried there for a while~.
Chisato: Seriously... There was a lot to deal with, such as making bubble solution and catching Melon.
Eve: Fufu, but it's good everything ended up going swimmingly. It looks like there is a bit of free time now.
Chisato: Then, why don't we go to our seats too?
Hina: Yeah, I'm starving~.
Sasazuka: Sorry to bother you all! Is everyone in Pastel＊Palettes here?
Maya: Huh, Sasazuka-san?! What are you doing here? You're the bride!
Sasazuka: I know, but I wanted to come and thank you personally. That performance you did was fabulous! Not only did my husband love it, but all the guests did too...!
Sasazuka: The energy an idol performance brings is something else. It lifted everyone up together... I was so moved! You made today a remarkable one I'll never forget.
Chisato: Fufu, thank you so much. Hearing you say that makes us honored to be idols. Don't you agree, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yes! We're so glad you enjoyed it...!
Aya: ... Huh? Sasazuka-san, what happened to your dress?!  The bottom part is wet...!
Sasazuka: Oh, you're right...! A drink must've spilled onto it when I was on my way here.
Aya: O-oh no! Please use my handkerchief to wipe it!
Maya: Ahh, wait a second, Aya-san! If you scrub too hard, you'll make it stain instead! At times like this, it's best to dab it to absorb the liquid.
Hina: Hey, it looks like the break will be over soon. Sasazuka-san, you have to get back to your seat.
Aya: What?! B-but we haven't finished cleaning up the dress! H-here, just take my handkerchief with you!
Maya: Right! If you keep pressing on to it, it should help a bit, at least.
Sasazuka: B-but... there's no way I can borrow something from an idol...!
Aya: Come on~, this isn't the time to think about that!  Besides, you're the star of the show today. You don't have to be so polite.
Chisato: Indeed. If the bride doesn't return to her seat, everyone will worry.
Hina: Yup, that's right. Everyone's waiting for you... See!
Sasazuka: ... Thank you so much! In that case, I'll take this handkerchief as my "something borrowed," then.
Aya: Okay! Please do that!
Eve: It looks like Sasazuka-san is back in her seat now. It's good that we noticed the mark on her dress so early on.
Aya: Yeah. By the way... Sasazuka-san said something about "something borrowed"... What's that?
Hina: Ahaha, you were so confident in replying to her, yet you had no idea what she was talking about~.
Chisato: "Something borrowed" is part of a wedding tradition. There's a belief that if you have something borrowed during your wedding, you'll have a happy marriage.
Aya: Huh~, I didn't know there was a tradition like that! How wonderful...
Chisato: It's called the "Four Somethings," and there are other parts to it too... Here, why don't we continue talking while we eat? Come on, let's get back to the party.
Aya: Okay!
