event188-01 Opening: Invitation to a Happy Wedding

During a video shoot, the girls hear some unexpected news from the director.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games - Recording Day]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: That's all for today! We'll see you again next time on "All Fun and Games!" Bye-bye~♪ ... H-how was that?
Eve: It was perfect, Aya-san! I thought it was wonderful!
Aya: Really? What a relief~!
Chisato: Yes. You didn't mess up your lines even once, and you got all the information across. I think today's recording will go smoothly.
Sasazuka: Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt, Pastel＊Palettes!
All: Hello~!
Sasazuka: Before we start, I'd like to quickly go over the details for today's recording. Maya-san, you'll be the host of the game. Aya-san, you'll close with the final remarks.
Aya: Yes! Since I'll be announcing our new album today, I'm determined not to trip over my words!
Hina: Ooh, you've really raised the bar for yourself, Aya-chan. Well, I can't wait for your fantastic fumble~!
Aya: Seriously~, Hina-chan, stop that~!
Sasazuka: Fufufu, you'll be fine. If anything happens, I'll put up a cue card for you. That goes not just for Aya-san but for everyone else too.
All: Okay!
Sasazuka: And, uhm... this isn't work-related, but there's something I'd like to talk to you all about...
Maya: ...? Is it something difficult to bring up?
Sasazuka: Actually, I'll be having a wedding party soon, and I'd like to invite all of you to attend...
Aya: Wow~! Congratulations!!
Eve: It is a delight to be invited to your wedding party!
Maya: Huh? But Sasazuka-san, aren't you already married?
Sasazuka: Yes, but we got married young and were too busy for a ceremony. It's our tenth anniversary, so we thought we'd have one now. I'm a bit old for wedding dresses now, though...
Maya: Not at all! No matter what age, I think having a wedding is a wonderful thing. We'll do whatever we can to help you celebrate!
Chisato: I agree. We'll have to ask the agency staff members to rearrange our schedule to work around your party.
Sasazuka: Thank you so much! My husband is a Pastel＊Palettes fan, so he'll be thrilled for sure!
Aya: Is that right? Fufu, I'm happy to hear that~.
Aya: Oh, I know! Instead of just attending, how about we also perform at your wedding as a gift?
Hina: Yes! Great idea, Aya-chan!
Sasazuka: What? That's too much. We'd be ecstatic, but you don't have to go that far...!
Maya: You're always taking such good care of us, Sasazuka-san. It's the least we could do!
Hina: Playing at a wedding sounds like fun~! We're gonna amp up the party like crazy!
Chisato: Yes, it will be a special occasion, after all. Please allow us to commemorate it with you.
Sasazuka: ... Thank you so much, everyone! I'll leave it in your hands, then!
Aya: Okay, we won't disappoint!
Aya: I'm feeling kinda fired up~! Alright~, let's do our best for this recording~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[All Fun and Games - Television Studio]

Maya: Now, on to our next segment! Here we go~. Three, two, one...!
Maya & Aya: "What's it gonna be? Charades with Aya-chan~!"
Maya: In this game, Aya-san will silently act out an occupation using gestures. The rest of the members will have to guess what that occupation is.
Maya: The first person to guess correctly gets points. Once you know the answer, press the buzzer. The person with the highest score is the winner! Everyone, are you ready?
Chisato & Hina & Eve: Yes!  Yup!  I am!
Maya: Then here's the first one!
Aya: ...
Chisato & Hina & Eve: ...
Chisato: It looks like she's holding something... A stick of some sort...? Perhaps a cane- No, wait, a broom?
Eve: Oh, that type of movement looks like she is using a sword! Maybe she is a great swordsman?!
Hina: Huh~? The correct answer's gotta be baseball player♪ She's obviously swinging a bat!
Maya: And the answer is...
Maya: Sorry, everyone! The correct answer was a carpenter!
Chisato & Hina & Eve: Whaaat~?!
Aya: Come on, everyone~. That was a hammer~! I was hammering a nail into the wall!
Hina: Ahaha♪ It didn't look like that at all~! Hmm, this is harder than I thought!
Eve: Charades really is a profound game...!
Chisato: I get the feeling it largely depends on how good the person is at acting...
Maya: Unfortunately, no one got any points this round. Now, let's get back into it with round two!
Aya: ...
Chisato: ... A chef?
Eve: A Shinto priest!
Hina: An astronaut!!
Maya: The correct answer is... a bus driver!
Chisato & Hina & Eve: Whaaat~?!
Aya: H-how did no one get that~?!
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Maya: Well, there has yet to be a single correct answer! Keep trying, everyone!
Maya: (With that said, I can see why it's hard to answer correctly... Aya-san looks like she's feeling the pressure...)
Aya: (Ngh~, I must be really bad at this. I'm so sorry, everyone...! I need to help them guess the correct answer...!)
Sasazuka: ...
Aya: (But... how?!)
