event188-07 Ending: Costume Magic

The party is still fresh in everyone's minds when the director appears.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Sigh~... That party was so fabulous~.
Maya: Huh? Aya-san, are you still looking at photos from the party?
Aya: Yeah, I mean, they're just so wonderful. I can't help but look at them~.
Eve: I know how you feel! I also often look back at the photos from the wedding-related work I have done.
Aya: Right~? I wonder if I'll ever get requested to do wedding-related jobs like you have, Eve-chan.
Chisato: Fufu. If you continue to work hard, I'm sure some will come your way.
Aya: Really?! Alright then, I'll have to get used to wearing a wedding dress to prepare for that day.
Hina: Yes, yes. You'll need to make sure to practice a whole lot so you don't trip on your dress, or face plant on the wedding cake, or whatever~.
Aya: Hmph, that's obviously not going to happen~! Hina-chan, quit teasing me~.
Hina: Ahaha! Sorry, sorry♪
Sasazuka: Excuse me. Hello, Pastel＊Palettes!
Maya: Sasazuka-san, hello!
Chisato: Thank you very much for inviting us to your beautiful wedding party the other day.
Sasazuka: No, please, not at all! Thank you all for coming! You even gave us a wonderful performance. Seriously, my husband was over the moon. We had a wonderful time.
Hina: I really enjoyed the party too! Especially the part where we had to chase after Melon-
Maya: Whoa~! H-Hina-san!
Hina: Oh, right. Forget I said anything♪
Sasazuka: H-huh...?
Hina: Anyway~, you were so sparkly in your wedding dress, but now you're back to wearing your staff jacket.
Sasazuka: Ahaha, I've had my fill of wearing dresses from that day alone. I thought I'd never wear such a gorgeous, splendid outfit. I'm happy I got the chance to wear it once.
Sasazuka: But this kind of clothing suits me a little better.
Aya: Oh, but-
Hina: Hmm~, okay. If that's how you feel!
Maya: Aya-san, were you about to say something?
Aya: Oh, no. It was nothing.
Maya: Really...?
Sasazuka: Anyway, everyone. Let's have a good recording today!
All: Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[All Fun and Games - Before the Recording]

Aya: ...
Sasazuka: Oh, please put the cue cards over there. They'll be using a jump rope for the game segment today, so double-check that everything is in order! And then-
Maya: Aya-san, what's wrong? There's still time before the recording starts.
Aya: Ah, I know. I just wanted to watch how the staff members get ready...
Maya: Is that so? Can I watch with you too?
Aya: Of course! Ahaha, I mean, all I'm doing is watching.
Maya: Huhehe, thank you.
Aya: ... Say, Maya-chan. Sasazuka-san was so gorgeous in that wedding dress. But her usual self is just... so cool...
Aya: Don't get me wrong, she's always been gorgeous, and I know that... But how should I say this, hmm...
Aya: When she's working, it just feels like she shines so brightly... Sorry, I'm not good at putting it into words.
Maya: Fufu. I kind of get what you mean.
Maya: This may sound a little threatening, but for Sasazuka-san, her staff jacket is like her battle armor.
Aya: Battle armor?
Maya: When she wears that jacket, it's like she transforms into our Super Director. I get it because I'm also more comfortable in my theater club jacket.
Maya: Just by wearing it, I feel like I can power up and be a staff member. Huhehe, I think that's the fun part of wearing clothes.
Aya: I see. So, the staff jacket for Sasazuka-san is what idol costumes are for us!
Aya: I totally get that. When I put on my idol costume, I feel like I'm Aya Maruyama the Idol!
Aya: Maya-chan, you feel that way too, right?
Maya: Yes, I do!
Sasazuka: Recording is about to start~! Everyone on standby, please~!
Hina: Oh~? I was wondering where you two had gone, but you were here already. What were you doing?
Aya: Hmm, just, you know.
Maya: Yeah, you know.
Hina: Huh? What does that mean? Did something happen? Tell me, tell me~.
Chisato: Hina-chan, we're about to start. That can wait till later.
Hina: Okay~.
Aya: Fufu. Everyone, let's shine as bright as we can today. For both our sakes, and for the sakes of the staff who work hard in the back to help us shine!
Eve: Yes! Absolutely!
Chisato: Right. It's our job to do so.
Aya: Alright~, let's give it our all~!
Sasazuka: Pastel＊Palettes, good luck out there~!
Pastel＊Palettes: Okay! We'll do our best~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
