event188-02 Chapter 1: For Them

The quiz part is going poorly until a certain individual comes up with an idea.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games - Recording]

Chisato: (The program itself is still plenty amusing, so I guess it's fine that none of us are guessing correctly. However...)
Eve: (Aya-san is trying her best to give us the right signals! I need to get one right, for her sake and mine!)
Hina: (It's not gonna be very interesting if nobody gets any correct, especially at the end♪)
Maya: Ohh, everyone is getting fired up! I can tell just by looking! Alright... Now for the last-
Sasazuka: "We're changing the occupation of the last round!" "
All: (The cue card...!)
Sasazuka: "You three contestants, please look away for a while."
Maya: (Hmm... The cue card says, "The occupation for the last round will be...")
Aya: (...! I can definitely do this one, no problem!)
Maya: Okay, it's time for the last round! Aya-san, please go ahead!
Aya: ...
Chisato: Is it... "I'm the fluffy, pink Aya Maruyama~?"
Eve: Is the answer, "Aya-san?"
Hina: I've got it! It's "idol!"
Maya: Correct! Congratulations, Hina-san!
Hina & Aya: Yay~!
Eve: Congratulations~! Hina-san and Aya-san!
Aya: Hngh~! Thanks, everyone~! I was seriously stressing over what to do if none of you got an answer right~.
Chisato: Aya-chan, why are you getting so emotional? You were the one acting them out.
Maya: Fufu. Well, all's well that ends well.
Show Staff: Okay, cut~! That's all the recording for this segment! We'll take a break now and then record the final remarks.
Maya: Sasazuka-san, thank you so much! It was all because you changed the last round to "idol."
Aya: Yes! When I saw what it had changed to, I was confident I could handle it. You helped us out a lot!
Sasazuka: No, not at all. The program was running along smoothly, and it would have been fine even if no one answered correctly.
Sasazuka: But I saw that everyone wanted to get one right for Aya-san's sake, and it does look better if someone gets the last one right. Fufu, I knew all of you could do it.
Aya: Sasazuka-san...
Sasazuka: Good luck with the next part. We'll be counting on you.
Maya & Aya: Okay!
(Black cut)

[15 Minutes Later]

Aya: I'm happy to announce that Pastel＊Palettes will have a new album out soon~! I hope everyone is excited about the release date!
Aya: That's all for today! We'll see you again next time on "All Fun and Gooms"- Ahh! No, I mean "Games!" B-bye~!
Hina: Oops~. You really ended up fumbling your words~.
Chisato: You almost had it, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ohh~, right at the end too~.
Show Staff: Ahaha, that take was fine! And that's a wrap. Good job, everyone~!
Aya: (Ah, it's done... But at least everyone got a laugh out of it... I guess it's alright, then.)
Sasazuka: Sorry, girls. Are you still okay on time? Let's re-shoot that last part.
Aya: Huh?
Hina: But didn't they just say it was okay?
Sasazuka: Yes. What we got was fine... But I really want to see Aya-san do her segment flawlessly...!
Sasazuka: Aya-san, didn't you say you wanted to get everything right this time? It'd be better for the program too. So, please!
Aya: Sasazuka-san...
Aya: Thank you. Yes, please let me retake it!
Sasazuka: Okay! We'll start from the beginning of the final segment. Are you all ready?
Pastel＊Palettes: Yes!
Aya: (I won't mess up this time! I have to do it perfectly...! Hmm? Sasazuka-san put up a cue card. It says...)
Sasazuka: "Don't forget your adorable smile! (*´∨`*)"
Aya: Fufu...! Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Recording]

[Dressing Room]

Maya: Good work today~!
Eve: Aya-san, your second take was perfect!
Aya: Thanks, Eve-chan! But I have Sasazuka-san's cue cards to thank for that! I felt so much more at ease because they were there~.
Aya: But I'm determined to do it perfectly in one take next time. I'll make sure to practice more.
Hina: Anyway~. I've been thinking about this for a while now, but Sasazuka-san sure is interesting~! She really gives off variety program creator vibes!
Hina: I bet she's super particular about the details of her wedding party too~! It's gonna be so much fun!
Chisato: Fufu, that's true. We better be prepared to match her standards when we play at her wedding.
Aya: That's right! Sasazuka-san has a really good sense of what's fun and interesting...
Aya: Like when Hina-chan decided to make up a title for the Valentine's Day program. Sasazuka-san was completely on board, and we ended up using it.
Chisato: I remember that...
Eve: There was also that time with the puppy-petting segment when Maya-san froze up like a Jizo statue... and Sasazuka-san was there to help.
Maya: Ahaha... Right, she really saved me back then. She was so patient with me until I could hold the puppy... I was really grateful for that.
Eve: She is not only dedicated to her work but also caring and so very kind.
Chisato: Indeed. Reflecting on it now, you can see how Sasazuka-san has supported us through thick and thin.
Maya: No doubt. I feel so much gratitude toward her!
Aya: I hope our performance at her wedding can show how thankful we are for her. Everyone, let's make it a good one!
Chisato & Hina & Maya & Eve: Indeed!  Okay!  Yeah!
