event188-06 Chapter 5: Four Somethings of Happiness

Everything has been resolved. There's only one thing for the girls to discuss.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wedding Party Venue]

Aya: So, there's "something old" and "something new"...
Chisato: And then "something blue." The last part is the one we talked about, "something borrowed."
Chisato: Having these four things on you on your wedding day is believed to bring good luck. It's a western tradition called the "Four Somethings."
Aya: I see... In that case, I hope the handkerchief I lent Sasazuka-san will act as one of the somethings and bring her good luck.
Eve: Yes! I'm sure it will!
Maya: Anyway... We were so tight on time that we ended up not changing our clothes...
Hina: Well, idol costumes are kinda like formalwear, anyway.  So, it's fine, no?
Maya: Yeah, I suppose you could think of it that way...
Hina: Besides, look around. Everyone's focusing on Sasazuka-san, not us.
Hina: No one even noticed that we were toiling away behind the scenes. Even when we made such a big commotion. Ahaha, don't you find that hilarious?
Chisato: Fufu, that's good, though. The whole reason why we did all that was so that people wouldn't notice.
Chisato: Plus, there were some things we discovered from working in the background, weren't there?
Eve: Yes! I now know how hard the staff members work to resolve any issues backstage where no one can see them. I feel even more grateful to them!
Aya: Yeah, you're right. It's a good thing no one knows about the things we went through in the background today.
Aya: I mean, just take a look at how happy Sasazuka-san seems. As long as we can preserve that smile, I'm satisfied.
Maya: Aya-san...
Maya: Huhehe... That's right. I think that's definitely part of the charms of working behind the scenes.
Aya: Mhmm! Ehehe, we did a great job today, didn't we?
Hina: Ahaha! Aya-chan, you're sure proud of yourself~.
Eve: Working from the shadows, they rid themselves of their sense of self and fulfill their mission! Behind-the-scenes staff members are like modern-day ninjas!
Maya: Ahaha... I don't think it's quite the same thing, Eve-san...
Chisato: Hey, I think it's time for the closing remarks.
Sasazuka: Th-thank you, everyone... For a-attending our, uhm, wedding party tozay!
Aya: What~?! She's messing up more than I usually do!
Chisato: She's so different than the straightforward Sasazuka-san I'm used to...
Hina: Oh dear, she's majorly shaking.
Aya: Sasazuka-san... I know! Hey, can I use this?
Maya: Huh? Ahh, that's the sketchbook we used during our performance. I'm sure it'd be fine.
Aya: Okay!
Eve: Aya-san? What are you writing?
Aya: (Sasazuka-san! Look over here!)
Chisato: She's using that as... a cue card?!
Aya: (Don't forget your adorable smile! (*´∨`*)!)
Sasazuka: ...! Fufu.
Hina: Ah, she laughed!
Sasazuka: I'm truly blessed to have this once-in-a-lifetime event, and to be surrounded by so many warm smiles.
Sasazuka: I can stand here today because of the kindness and love you've all shown me. I am so blessed to have each one of you supporting me. Thank you for everything today!
Maya: Sasazuka-san...
Chisato: Fufu... that was a nice ending speech. ... Huh, Aya-chan?
Aya: Hngh~... Awww, I'm so glad~... I'm so, so glad~...
Hina: That's our Aya-chan. You're emotional to the max today.
Aya: I can't help it... My heart is just so full- Ahh, I lent out my handkerchief.
Chisato: Here, you can borrow mine.
Aya: Ngh, thanks, Chisato-chan~.
Maya: You can cry as much as you want today. It is a celebratory day, after all.
Aya: Maya-chan...
Eve: Everyone! To end the party, the guests are taking photos in the garden. Let's go too.
Hina: Here's your balloon, Aya-chan.
Aya: Huh, a balloon?
Eve: It's for the balloon release later! Everyone will let go of these eco-friendly balloons together, and they'll fly up in the sky!
Aya: Wow... That sounds lovely!
Maya: Aya-san... That was a wonderful party, wasn't it?
Aya: Yeah! Really wonderful!
Wedding Emcee: Alright, everyone, smile~! Here we go...! Three, two, one...!
(White cut)
All: Zero!
All: Congratulations!
(White cut)
(Background change)
