event188-04 Chapter 3: Trouble!

Mere moments after their performance ends, trouble strikes!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Wedding Party Venue - Waiting Room]

Eve: Wh-what should we do...?
Aya: Erm... We don't really have much time right now. Maybe we should let Sasazuka-san know.
Hina: Right. We should check with her.
Maya: Hold on a minute!
Chisato: Maya-chan?
Maya: If Sasazuka-san hears about this, she'll get all worried about the things going on back here and won't be able to enjoy her party.
Maya: ... I know this because I usually work behind the scenes too. Today is Sasazuka-san's time to be in the spotlight, so I don't want her to worry about things backstage.
Aya: Maya-chan...
Aya: Right, got it. I don't want to put a cloud over that sunny smile, either! This is a once-in-a-lifetime event for her! We gotta do what we can to protect it!
Eve: Absolutely! And to repay her for the kindness she has always shown us!
Hina: So, we gotta figure this out on our own, huh?... Now, this kinda feels boppin'!
Hina: Okay, so? What do we do, Maya-chan?
Chisato: We don't have enough time to go out and buy some, do we?
Maya: Nope, so we will make some! Excuse me, would it be possible to borrow some things from the kitchen?
Restaurant Staff A: Absolutely!
Maya: As long as we can get water, dishwater detergent, and some sugar, we should be able to make bubble solution.
Aya: Huh? We need to use sugar?
Maya: Yes. This is how we did it in the theater club. Sugar makes the bubbles firmer and harder to pop.
Hina: Ooh~! It feels like we're doing a science experiment! I can't wait to give it a go~!
Chisato: Hina-chan, we're not here to play.
Hina: I know! Anyway, let's get on with it! We'll follow Maya-chan's instructions and get these bubbles going!
Maya: Okay! We don't have much time, so hopefully, this works!
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Eve: We have finished making the bubble solution and refilling the machine. The light is green now, so that means it should work properly!
Maya: Honestly, it's probably best not to put in anything except the solution specifically made for the machine, but this is an emergency.
Aya: What a relief~. It's all thanks to you, Maya-chan~.
Maya: No, no, it's because of everyone's help... What...? E-eeeeek~?!
Aya: Wh-what's wrong, Maya-chan?!
Dog: Woof woof!
Aya: Awww~! What a cute little doggie!
Chisato: It's a Pomeranian. What is it doing here?
Restaurant Staff A: Oh, this is the bride and groom's pet, Melon. Melon is going to be a part of the ceremony as the dog ring bearer.
Aya: Dog ring bearer?
Chisato: When it's time for the bride and groom to exchange rings, Melon's job is to bring them out.
Eve: This role is usually given to children, but it's becoming popular for couples to give it to their furry family members so they too can be a part of the celebration.
Aya: Really~? So, Melon has a job to do today. Good luck and work hard, okay?
Eve: Maya-san, this doggie is so quiet and obedient. But are you still scared?
Hina: Look. I'm even carrying Melon. Why don't you try petting this cutie?
Maya: Ohh... Right...
Maya & Hina: ...
Maya: M-Melon's not going to bite me, right?!
Hina: You'll be fine.
Maya: Okay, just a little bit, then... H-hello, Melon...
Restaurant Staff B: Excuse me, sorry to interrupt~. This mic stand isn't being used right now, so I'm just going to put it here~.
Aya: Wow! Even the mic stand is decorated with balloons.  It's so pretty~.
Eve: Oh no, it looks like the balloons might hit the lights!
Restaurant Staff B: Huh?
Aya & Chisato & Eve: Ah!
Melon: Woof?!
Hina: Oh no! Melon ran away...
Aya: Wh-what should we do~?! Melon, you have a job to do! You're the ring bearer~!
Maya: W-we need to run after that dog!
Aya: Right!
