event188-03 Chapter 2: Spotlight for You

It's the day of the wedding party. The girls take a peek to see how things are.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day of the Wedding Party]

[Wedding Party Venue - Waiting Room]

Hina: Wow~! Everyone looks like they're having a blast~! This place is packed♪
Chisato: Hina-chan, you'll be seen if you peek out like that!
Hina: It's fine, it's fine♪ Oh, Aya-chan! Take a look! Sasazuka-san looks so gorgeous in a dress!
Aya: Where, where?! Wow~, you're right! Her dress is so white... It's beautiful...
Hina: We usually only ever see her in a staff jacket, so seeing her all dressed up right now is even more stunning.
Eve: Plus, the venue is wonderfully decorated! It is full of colorful balloons and ribbons everywhere!
Aya: Even the welcome sign at the entrance was so lovely~! It was covered in pictures of happy memories! You can really feel the happiness all around~.
Chisato: She said all she did was rent out a restaurant and set up a garden party, but it turned out to be such a glamorous and beautiful venue.
Maya: Sasazuka-san must have done all this herself. You can tell by how the decorations are put up that she intended to make the place more enjoyable for the guests.
Hina: But is it just me, or does she look like she's having a hard time right now? She's been constantly wiping away sweat with a handkerchief.
Maya: Ahaha... It's natural to be nervous, though. I'm also someone who's more used to being behind the scenes, so I completely understand how she must be feeling.
Maya: But for the entire day today, she'll shine in the spotlight for a change. I'm sure it'll be a momentous, unforgettable event for her.
Aya: Right... I guess that's true...
Aya: In that case, let's make sure we give an outstanding performance for this extraordinary occasion that she's going to remember for the rest of her life!
All: Yeah!
Maya: Ah, looks like we're up soon. Should we go on standby?
Wedding Emcee: ... And what do we have here?! What a surprise! It's a video message from some special guests!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Ladies and gentlemen, esteemed guests of this wedding party, we are-
Pastel＊Palettes: Pastel＊Palettes!
Hina: Congratulations on your big day, Sasazuka-san!
Maya: Thank you for all your hard work and effort on our variety show, "All Fun and Games."
Chisato: While we all work together, Sasazuka-san is always teaching us what it means to be professional.
Eve: Not only are you dedicated to your work, but you are also incredibly kind. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you very much! We love you!
Aya: Because of this, a video message is not enough for us to express our gratitude and celebrate this wonderful occasion!
Aya: And so... we're here to congratulate you in person~♪
Guest A: Huh? No way...! ？
(White cut)
(Background change)
Aya: Hello again, everyone!
Pastel＊Palettes: We're Pastel＊Palettes!
Guest B: Wow! They're really here~! It's Pastel＊Palettes~!
Aya: This song's for you, Sasazuka-san! Congratulations on your wedding day~♪
(White cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Minutes Later]

[Wedding Party Venue - Waiting Room]

Hina: How fun was that~?! I didn't think it'd be that exhilarating.
Eve: Yes! Everyone had such a good time!
Aya: Absolutely. Sasazuka-san and her husband both had brilliant smiles on and looked so happy~.
Maya: Fufu, that was a huge success! Alright, should we get changed so we can join the party too?
Aya: Yup! ... Huh?
Chisato: What's wrong, Aya-chan?
Aya: About this machine on the floor...
Maya: Ohh, that's a bubble machine for the stage. Why are you asking about it?
Aya: Isn't it making a weird noise? I don't think it was doing this earlier...
Eve: You're right... Hey, there's a light that's flashing red!
Aya: It wouldn't be broken... would it? Wait, isn't this machine going to be used later when the bride and groom exchange rings?!
Maya: H-hold on, can I take a look?
Hina: Maya-chan, do you know how to fix it?
Maya: I wouldn't go so far as to say that. It just looks like the one we use in the theater club, so I thought I'd take a look...
Maya: Oh, it's okay! Looks like it's just out of bubble solution.
Aya: Oh, thank goodness~! Seriously~, I was so worried! So, all we need to do is put in some more solution, right?
Chisato: Yes, I believe so. Excuse me, could you tell us where the solution for the bubble machine is?
Restaurant Staff A: Uhm... Sasazuka-san only gave us this machine... We never received... any bubble solution.
All: What?!
