band5-006 Chapter 6: Our Feelings

What is the feeling each of them have about joining the band...?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shirokane Residence - Rinko's Room]

Ako's Chat: And then they said both me and Lisa could join the band! I'll never ever forget this day!
Rinko's Chat: Congratulations, Ako-chan! I'm so glad they understood how hard you worked.
Ako's Chat: I don't think it was just hard work, though!
Rinko's Chat: What do you mean?
Ako's Chat: As soon as I heard the music, my body just started moving! I was playing amazingly well! Lisa said it was magical! We all felt something we never had before!
Ako's Chat: Everyone agreed it was something special! Even Yukina-san said so! Isn't that amazing?!
Rinko's Chat: That does sound wonderful. It must be an amazing band.
Ako's Chat: It is! Being in a band is just the best! It's just so much fun hearing everyone perform together! It's so much more emotional than just practicing alone!
Rinko: ... Everyone together...
Rinko: (I've been playing the piano by myself for so long... I do love it, but.. I've never even thought about... playing with others before...)
Ako's Chat: Who knows what'll happen the next time we all meet up?! I bet this is what miracles are made of!
Rinko: ... Miracles...
Rinko's Chat: I'm sure you will all be very successful. I'll be cheering for you.
Ako's Chat: Thanks! I'm just so happy! You should start playing something too, Rin-rin! Maybe you'll feel this amazing feeling, too!
Rinko: Ah... I... I never told Ako-chan about piano...
Ako's Chat: We haven't decided on a band name yet, though. Any ideas, Rin-rin?
Rinko: ......
Ako's Chat: "Rin-rin? Hey, you're not playing online, are you? If you are, there's a new skill I wanted to show you! Wait just a second!"
Rinko: ... Ah...
Rinko's Chat: I'm not playing yet, no, but... do you think we could talk about your band some more first?
Ako's Chat: Of course! I'll talk up some tales all through the night!
Rinko's Chat: Thank you. That would be nice.
Rinko: ... It's strange... Just hearing her talk about the band... It's so much fun...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: (Today's session... was a strange one...)
Hina: Hey, sis~! ... What are you looking at?
(White cut)
Sayo: ...! Hina... I told you not to look at people's phones like that.
Hina: What's the site? Future World Fes...? What is it, some kinda rock event?
Sayo: It's got nothing to do with you, Hina.
Hina: ... Nothing to do with me, huh~. Okay, sure, fine. Come with me to the living room, then. Dad's watching that show you like about the dogs.
Sayo: It's recording, I'll watch it later. I'm busy right now. And you don't even like dogs, Hina.
Hina: But you do though, don't you? We're twins, right? It's nice to do things together sometimes...
Sayo: You always want to do everything together.
Hina: ...! Sis, I was just...
Sayo: Just because we were born on the same day, doesn't mean we have to be around each other all the time, does it?
Sayo: We agreed that we wouldn't get in each other's hair like this once we started high school. Now go back to your room. I have practice to do.
Hina: ... Okay. ... I... I'm sorry.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: (If I told Hina about the event, I just know she would copy me and try to join herself...)
Sayo: (And, like always, she would be far better than me through sheer genius alone... no matter how hard I try...)
Sayo: I don't want to live in her shadow any longer. ... This time, I will reach the top...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Imai & Minato Residences - Outside]

Lisa: Well today didn't turn out how I imagined at all☆ Joining a band with Yukina, huh. I'll do my best!
Yukina: ... We were all in a strange place after that performance. I didn't want to say it then, but you don't have to join just because they asked.
Lisa: I know, but... I feel like I should be by your side, Yukina. It's like I have a duty never to let you feel alone. So I think I'd like to join.
Yukina: That has nothing to do with the band-
Lisa: I know. I'll enjoy the band for what it is, too. If it means I'll be together with you, Yukina.
Lisa: (Right until the day you smile like you once used to...)
Lisa: Does that make sense?
Yukina: ...... ... If you can't keep up, you're out. Childhood friend or not.
Lisa: Okay~! I'll just have to practice like crazy, then~!
Yukina: Once we have our members, we'll be entering a contest to perform at Future World Fes. Do you understand?
Lisa: Yes... Yeah, I understand.
Yukina: The festival that my father worked so hard for... The festival that made him sell out, only to cut him loose before he could even perform...
Yukina: ... He had to quit music altogether. He had to leave the stage he so loved, for good... That is why failure is not an option for us.
Lisa: I know. And I know that I have some gaps... that maybe my skill isn't quite there yet. But I am going to try my hardest.
Lisa: (I can't leave her now. Not when she's acting like this.)
Yukina: ... Then join, if you want.
Lisa: I will!
