event107-01 Opening: How Do I Return the Favor?

Tomoe has received chocolates from fifty people. Tsugumi promises to help her thank them all.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Hey, you guys wanna go shopping today? There are these outfits I've been thinking about getting, but I'm not sure. I want you guys to help me decide!
Moca: Hii-chan, don't you think you're going a little overboard~? You can buy as many clothes as you want, you're still only gonna have one body.
Ran: I, uh... well... I don't know, you take really long when you shop for clothes.
Himari: Don't be so mean~! Tsugu, Tomoe, you guys are gonna come, right?!
Tsugumi: Sure, I can come. I don't have any student-council stuff today, and I always have fun when I go shopping with you, Himari-chan.
Tomoe: I-
Schoolgirl: Oh, Tomoe-senpai! Do you have a second? I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for listening to my problem the other day...
Tomoe: Yeah, no problem! Hey, guys, sorry about this. Can you go on ahead?
Himari: Okay~! We'll be waiting for you at the gate.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Himari: Man, everyone's been wanting to talk to Tomoe recently. Not to mention the lowerclassmen. How come they always go to her for help and not me~?!
Ran: Yeah, she's stopped at least once a day. I saw her surrounded by three people the other day.
Tsugumi: And there are more and more girls coming to see us play because of the increase in girl bands. That probably has something to do with it too.
Moca: Interesting~. Can it be~? Will someone go on to surpass Kaoru-senpai~?
Tomoe: Yo, sorry about that! What're y'all talkin' about?
Moca: Just about how you're gaining so many fans~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, calling them fans is a bit much. Although, yeah, I think more people are calling out to me than before.
Tomoe: Unfortunately, that also means... that I kinda have a problem...
Tsugumi: What's wrong?
Tomoe: Well, it's almost White Day, you know? I was planning to give chocolate back to all the kids who gave me chocolate on Valentine's Day, but I'm not sure if I'll be able to get to them all...
Moca: Wow~... Popularity comes with some real struggles, huh~?
Ran: You won't be able to get to them all...? Exactly how many people gave you gifts?
Tomoe: So I counted them a little while back, and... the final number was fifty...
All: ...
Ran: ... People?
Himari: Th-there's not even fifty students in our class!
Moca: The kind of number perfect for someone ready to surpass Kaoru-senpai~.
Tsugumi: You're right. Getting gifts to fifty different students would be pretty tough...
Himari: Okay, why don't you do something like Kaoru-senpai did then? You can make one gift for all of them.
Tomoe: And by that do you mean like a musical or something?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Greetings, my little kittens. I must thank you all for attending my musical!
Tomoe: May you dudes enjoy this dazzling moment with yours truly!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: ... No no no, that's not gonna work! That's just not the kind of thing I would do. Besides, I'm not some sort of star like Seta-Senpai!
Tsugumi: I also have a feeling the students who gave Tomoe-chan chocolate would rather a different type of present.
Ran: Just give them out over a few days. Not like you have any other choices.
Tomoe: Uhhh, but then there will be kids who didn't get theirs on White Day, and that doesn't seem right...
Moca: My, oh my... This one's a head-scratcher~.
Tomoe: Maybe Ran's right about having to hand them out over a few days...
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Tsugumi: ... Hey, what if you let me help with getting those gifts out?
Tomoe: Seriously? I mean... I'm happy you're offering, but...
Tsugumi: I'm sure even just the preparations are a lot to handle! I'd love to help with any little thing I can.
Ran: How exactly would you help though? My guess is that having you hand out some of the gifts instead of Tomoe isn't the right call.
Tsugumi: I-I haven't gotten to that part yet... But I just know there has to be something I can help with!
Moca: Whoa~. There it is~. Tsugurific to the max~.
Tomoe: Tsugu...! Just knowing that you'll be there to help is huge! I'm starting to feel like I really can hand out all of the gifts!
Himari: Hey, I'm ready to help too. If you need anything, just say the word!
Ran: Yeah, good luck. I can give you a hand too. Just ask.
Moca: And when push comes to shove, rest assured that you can give me a call~.
Tomoe: Tsugu... You guys... Thanks. I'm gonna start getting things together then. Gotta have as much ready as I can!
Tsugumi: Fufu, and I'll start to think about how you can get all of the gifts out in one day once I get home!
Tomoe: I know you'll come up with something great!
Himari: ... Wait. You guys, what about my shopping...?
Moca: Ahaha, you'll get 'em next time, Hii-chan~.
