event107-06 Chapter 5: Five-Person Teamwork

The girls come up with a plan to help Tomoe thank everyone for their gifts!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Moca: "Codename Moca-chan, checking in. I've arrived at the club building"... And send.
Tsugumi: "Thank you, Moca-chan! Send me another message when you've found the girl you're looking for!"
Moca: "Roger that. Over and out." Things are getting Tsugurific over there. Might be time for me to go Mocatastic~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: "I'm ready to go over here too. No one has passed by yet."
Ran: Maybe I should check the classrooms while I'm at it... Oh, a message from Moca.
Moca: "Ran, you gotta come up with a cool codename too~. What about Brioche~?"
Ran: ... Sigh. "That's just the name of a type of bread. Besides, you're not even using one. Anyway, I'll let you guys know if I make contact."
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tomoe: Sounds like Ran and Moca are all set up. I don't know about Himari though. She hasn't sent anything yet...
Tsugumi: ... Oh! Looks like a message just came in. "Made it to my location! I'll go look for someone who matches the description."
Tomoe: So Moca's at the club building, Ran's at the school building, Himari's at Seta-senpai's musical venue. They just have to look for the remaining girls...
Tomoe: Then, based on the information they send, you, Tsugu, will come up with an order, and I'll go where you tell me... Simple, but a pretty good plan!
Tsugumi: But that also means you'll be getting a lot of exercise today...
Tomoe: Hah, you don't even have to think about that! You just tell me where to go, and I'll be there handing out a gift in a flash! I'm counting on you!
Tsugumi: Mhm, don't worry about a thing! ... Ah, looks like Ran-chan and Moca-chan found their targets!
Ran: "The three girls from 1A are waiting for a teacher in front of the teacher's lounge. Looks like they'll be there for a little while."
Moca: "Got one over here too. I think she's gonna head to her club soon~."
Tsugumi: "Thank you!" Ready, Tomoe-chan?!
Tomoe: Yup! Teacher's lounge, right?! Then I'll head to the club building, but let me know if anything changes!
Tsugumi: Of course! And I think you know this already, but-
Tomoe: No running in the hallway, yeah? Cool, I'm off!
Tsugumi: It starts with one... I'm going to do everything I can too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: I wonder if Tomoe-chan made it to the musical venue yet... Ah, a message from Himari-chan.
Himari: "Tomoe's here giving a gift! How many are left?"
Tsugumi: "Only one once she's done with that girl! It's the one from the wind ensemble, so I think she's in the club building! Moca-chan is checking as we speak."
Himari: "Yeah? Sounds like everything is gonna work out then!"
Tsugumi: There's still some time before the end of the day... I think we really can do it!
Tsugumi: Oh! A message from Moca-chan. Did she find the last student?
Moca: "Bad news, folks~. Looks like the wind ensemble's not meeting~."
Tsugumi: What?! Then that means she didn't go to any club meetings today, right...?
Moca: "I'm not seeing anyone who looks like her~."
Moca: "Sounds like it was decided on short notice, so I'll be over here keeping an eye out until further instructions~."
Tsugumi: "That should be okay for now. Thank you!" I have to message Tomoe-chan...
Tsugumi: "Tomoe-chan, do you have the ensemble girl's contact info?"
Tomoe: "Nah, we never shared anything like that... Sorry I'm not being more helpful!"
Tsugumi: "No, it's okay." Still, that means we have no way of figuring out where she is...
Ran: "Just finished reading these messages. I'm by the exit now, so if I see her about to leave, I'll go talk to her."
Himari: "Okay, I'm gonna go check the classrooms! I will not miss her. I promise!"
Tomoe: "Ran, Himari, thanks. I'll take a look around the school building!"
Tsugumi: ... Everyone's trying so hard. I have to do something too...!
Tsugumi: Where would a wind-ensemble student go...? Hmm... I feel like I heard something related to this before...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Tsugumi: Ahaha... So this next girl; is she part of the dance club as well?
Tomoe: Nah, she plays in a wind ensemble. I met her one day when I was waiting for you guys on the roof.
Tsugumi: On the roof? We've never met her though...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsugumi: ...! That's right! I'm pretty sure I wrote down the reason she was on the roof...!
Tsugumi: ... Here it is! "Tomoe-chan, go to the roof! She should be there since her club isn't meeting today!"
Tomoe: "Oh yeah! Nice job, Tsugu! I'm on it!"
