event107-05 Chapter 4: For That Person

With only a little time left, Tsugumi tries to come up with another idea.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa)

[Lunchtime]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tomoe & Tsugumi: Sigh~...
Himari: W-wow, that didn't sound very positive... Did the pace for getting out the gifts end up begin too tough...?
Tsugumi: W-well...
Tomoe: The plan was to have forty of them out by now, but... we've only gotten to twenty-five so far...
Ran: So you've only gotten to half the students? That does sound pretty bad.
Tsugumi: Yeah... And once classes are over, we won't know where a lot of the students are because we don't know what clubs they're in...
Himari: Aw... I'm sorry, you guys. If I hadn't talked so much during that break, this wouldn't have happened...
Tsugumi: No! It's probably because I didn't make the schedule well enough. If I had just been better prepared...
Tomoe: No way! It's all because I decided to go on and on whenever I talked to someone...
Tomoe & Tsugumi & Himari: Sigh...
Moca: Why so glum, chums~? Don't you think you're all giving up too soon? You can still hand them out after school.
Tsugumi: Yes... You're right. I'm going to start thinking. Maybe I can come up with an idea for getting the gifts out to everyone!
Moca: There we go, that's our Ace Vice President~. I'm looking forward to the most boppin' idea you have~♪
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I'm not Hina-senpai, you know... Oh!
Himari: What's up, Tsugu? Did you think of something?
Tsugumi: Uhhh, I wouldn't say that...
Tsugumi: (Hina-senpai would surprise everyone with an amazing plan that would solve all of this at once...)
Tsugumi: (If I were Hina-senpai, what would I say...?)
Tsugumi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Imaginary Hina (Hina): An idea to give fifty different people gifts?
Imaginary Hina (Hina): Wait, why do you need an idea? You could just go "zoom, wham, bam," and you'd be done giving them out, just like that!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: Ngh, that sounds exactly like how Hina-senpai would do it...
Himari: Ts-Tsugu? Are you okay?
Tsugumi: (... I know! What would Seta-senpai do? She's got a lot of fans, maybe she's the one I should be getting ideas from!)
Tsugumi: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Imaginary Kaoru (Kaoru): Hm? How I'd reciprocate for all my little kittens? That's as simple as can be. I'd get up on stage and perform.
Imaginary Kaoru (Kaoru): Then they would all gather to witness the spectacle, correct? That's when-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: (Whoa, whoa! No! I can't be thinking of things only Seta-senpai can do!)
Tsugumi: (Ohhh, maybe I can't get my ideas from Hina-senpai or Seta-senpai... It's not like I can copy them anyway...)
Ran: Ts-Tsugumi... Those faces you're making are really something. Are you feeling sick?
Tsugumi: Uh? What? N-no, I'm okay! I was seeing if I could come up with anything...
Tomoe: And from how you're acting, I'm guessing you don't have any ideas either, huh? Argh, what am I supposed to do?!
Tsugumi: Uhhh... Hmmm... Oh! Why don't we just do our best for now?!
Tomoe: Yeah! At a time like this, we have no choice but to kick into high gear! It should work out somehow!
Ran: Nuh-uh, you two need to chill for a sec. I mean... I'm sure there's something else you can do...
Tsugumi: Did you think of something, Ran-chan?!
Ran: Well, no. Not exactly...
Tomoe: I know! I can walk around the school yelling the names! How about that?!
Tsugumi: Y-you know we can't... Actually, that might be the only option...
Ran: That's not what I meant! What I mean is... How come you guys haven't asked us for advice yet?!
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan...?
Moca: In other words, she's saying she will help~. Right, Ran~?
Ran: ... Pretty much. Besides, I'm sure there are things that we can do as a group of five that the two of you can't do on your own.
Himari: Yeah~! This is exactly when we need to work together!
Moca: It appears that the time has come for me to get serious~.
Tomoe: Himari, Moca...
Tsugumi: ... Right. We should have asked you all for help. I guess at some point I was set on doing everything I could by myself.
Himari: Jeez~. We all know how you get sometimes~!
Moca: You work so hard, and eventually, you forget that you can ask the people around you for help~.
Tsugumi: Ngh... I suppose that might be true...
Ran: It's great that you work so hard and all, but I think you should be relying on the people around you a bit more.
Himari: That's right! Never be afraid to ask!
Tsugumi: Okay. Ran-chan, Himari-chan, Moca-chan... Thank you.
Moca: When we work together, we're like five people working together~.
Ran: Nice one, detective.
Tomoe: I do get the feeling that having five people on the job means we'll come up with a good idea!
Moca: Despite her declaration, Tomo-chin had yet to come up with anything...
Tomoe: I-I'm still thinking! Five people... Five people...
Tsugumi: Hmmm... Something that five people can do that two people can't...
Tsugumi: ... Oh! What about this?
