event107-04 Chapter 3: Being Too Good of a Listener

By lunchtime, only half of the gifts have been given out. It seems Tomoe's too good at listening.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tomoe: I'm so sorry, Tsugu!
Tomoe: You went out of your way to make that schedule for me, and I went and messed it right up...
Tsugumi: No, don't worry about it. That just goes to show how much you care about the time you spend with each and every one of them.
Moca: And yet, she was just saying how if you waste any more time, she's gonna have to have a word with you~.
Tsugumi: N-no! I didn't say anything like that!
Himari: Still, the number of undelivered gifts grows. Will it be okay, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: Mhm, I rearranged the schedule, and I think we should be able to get to everyone today. I just sent it to the group chat. Take a look!
Tomoe: Wait! You what...?
Ran: Wh-when did you have the time...?
Himari: Is it really that easy to remake a schedule?
Moca: Heh heh heh. This is Tsugu's true power. Once again, the day is saved, thanks to the Ace Vice Pr-
Tsugumi: M-Moca-chan! Enough of that, please!
Ran: Uh, why exactly are you boasting about that, Moca...?
Ran: Whatever. Tomoe, you gotta keep this schedule in mind if you wanna get it all done today.
Tomoe: You're right... It's just so hard to cut someone off when they're nice enough to want to talk and share so much with you...
Moca: You are a really good listener~.
Ran: Yeah. The other day when Himari kept going on and on at the restaurant, Tomoe listened all the way till the end.
Himari: D-don't say it like that! And hold on, you guys weren't listening?!
Moca: I was totally tuned in~. And what a deep conversation that was~.
Moca: That whole thing with the mysterious group taking over the shopping mall and how you were taking them down one by one...
Himari: That's not even close! If you're gonna make stuff up, at least try to be realistic!
Tsugumi: People downtown like to call out to Tomoe-chan too. I think they want her to hear what they have to say.
Ran: This might be related, but maybe that's why the older men and women like to give her stuff.
Himari: Yeah! The other day, they gave you that ham! It was as big as a log!
Tomoe: I do end up getting a lot of stuff whenever I run into people! I mean, I like it, but still...
Moca: It's probably because you have such a good reaction whenever you're given something~.
Himari: Oh, you might be right! Whenever she gets a birthday present or something, she's looks so happy about it.
Himari: Wait a second... I don't remember you being that excited when I gave you the matching charm...
Ran: Well... That was probably different...
Himari: Ugh~, and just what do you mean by that?! Oh, speaking of Tomoe and downtown, remember how-
Tsugumi: ...! Himari-chan! Stop!
Himari: Hm? What's wrong, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: The gifts! Recess is going to end before we finish!
Ran: Uh-oh, you're right. We're already halfway through.
Moca: Who'd have thought Tomo-chin's power of listening would be activated at such a time~...?
Tomoe: Huh?! This is my fault?!
Tsugumi: F-forget about it! Tomoe-chan, you have to do whatever you can to get the gifts to the students written on this page!
Tomoe: O-okay, you got it!
Moca: And so, Tomo-chin's new battle begins...
Ran: What's with the narration...?
Tsugumi: Ah, Tomoe-chan! Wait!
Tomoe: Huh?! Wh-what's wrong?!
Tsugumi: No running in the hallway!
Tomoe: What?! B-but there's no time...
Tsugumi: I know, but if you fall and get hurt, you won't be able to give out any gifts.
Tomoe: Y-yes, ma'am!
Ran: The Ace Vice President strikes again...
