event107-02 Chapter 1: The Schedule

Tsugumi and Tomoe plan out a schedule to help them distribute thank-you gifts.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tsugumi: ... Okay! With that, we have the schedule for every class! Thank you, Himari-chan!
Himari: You're welcome! I didn't mind asking the lowerclassmen about it since you asked me to, but what are you gonna use it for?
Tsugumi: I just figured if I had an idea of all of the class's schedules, it'd be easy for us to come up with a plan for the day of.
Ran: I get it. That might make it easy to hand out all the gifts.
Moca: Sharp as always, Tsugu~. They don't call you Ace Vice President for nothing~.
Tsugumi: N-nobody calls me that! It's just because I'm used to being in the student council, that's all.
Tomoe: ... Done! Tsugu, I wrote down the names of all the kids I have to give a gift to.
Tsugumi: Thank you, Tomoe-chan!
Moca: Wowie~, when you put the fifty names on a list, it really drives home just how amazing that number is~.
Himari: I know. I mean look at it... You can't even fit it on one page...
Tomoe: Would y'all stop staring!
Himari: Are you gonna attach a card to your gifts? You know, like how Kaoru-senpai does?
Tomoe: You mean write everyone a message? Well... Ako actually asked me the same thing yesterday. I gave it a shot, but...
Tomoe: No matter how much I tried, all the messages just ended up sounding the same...
Ran: Yeah, you're not the type to put your feelings down on paper. Talking with someone directly is more your style.
Tomoe: So you think so too! ... Anyway, point is, I'm gonna tell them all how I feel in person.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I think that's the best way to do it too. And I'm going to make sure you have enough time to do that by coming up with an order for you to hand out the gifts!
Tomoe: Cool! I know it's not easy, but I'm counting on you! Oh, but if there's anything you need me to do, just say the word.
Tsugumi: Okay. Could you tell me a little bit about these students? When you can actually meet up with them will change depending on their clubs and stuff.
Moca: Hot dog~, this is the real deal~.
Tomoe: No problem! I'll start from the girl at the top. She's part of the dance club, so that would make me her senpai.
Tomoe: We have a competition coming up, but she couldn't get her part down, so she was worried.
Tomoe: And you know, I've had moments like that before, so I wanted to be there for her.
Tsugumi: I see. So you helped during rehearsals?
Tomoe: Nope, we went to a ramen shop together! Nothing better than ramen when you're worried about something, right?
Ran: What? You make it sound like that's a thing...
Moca: Oh, yeah, I totally get you. We are absolutely on the same page. When I'm having a hard time, it's bun time~.
Himari: Same! If something is bothering me, I just have something sweet, and that fixes it right up!
Ran: Wait, you guys are serious...?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... So this next girl; is she part of the dance club as well?
Tomoe: Nah, she plays in a wind ensemble. I met her one day when I was waiting for you guys on the roof.
Tsugumi: On the roof? We've never met her though...
Tomoe: Yeah, she only comes up when her club isn't meeting. She said she likes practicing in an open space because it makes her feel like she can really put her heart into it.
Tomoe: I talked to her, and it turns out that she likes photography books too, so we promised to bring some that we like the next day so we could show each other.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you do have books of a lot of different places. The ones you showed me before we went to Inoshima were all quite lovely.
Tomoe: Oh! Apparently, she's gone to Inoshima too! We had a real good time talking about that!
Himari: That trip was so fun! What parts of Inoshima did she visit?
Tomoe: A lot of the same places we went to, actually. She went to the aquarium and that cafe too. Check it out! She sent me these pics!
Moca: Well, well, well, what a beautiful sunset we have here~. Although, the sunset we saw was pretty nice too~.
Ran: It's not a competition, Moca... More importantly, don't you think we're way off-topic?
Tsugumi: Fufu, we did get a bit carried away talking about Inoshima. Okay then, I think it'd be better if you gave her the gift in class. Her club room and the school building are pretty far apart.
Tsugumi: Thank you, Tomoe-chan! Okay, next up...
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... There. Is that everyone?
Tsugumi: Mhm, I think I've heard everything I needed.
Ran: I gotta say, it's crazy that you remember all of that. You might even say I'm shocked.
Himari: I know, right?! She even remembers the kids that she hardly spoke to.
Moca: Tomo-chin's memory is no joke~.
Tomoe: It's just that they all tell me things and leave an impression. It's not like I'm doing anything amazing...
Tomoe: And you wanna appreciate and treasure those relationships since you're lucky enough to have them, right?
Ran: That sounds exactly like something you would say, Tomoe. I wanna take a sec to say "nice job" to Tsugumi too, though. Writing all that down must've been at least as tough as saying it.
Himari: Yeah! Look at your hand, Tsugu! It's all black!
Moca: Her hand was flying across the page the whole time Tomo-chin was talking~.
Tsugumi: Ehehe, well, Tomoe-chan had a lot to share, so I wanted to make sure I got everything!
Tomoe: Tsugu... Seriously, thank you.
Tsugumi: No problem. I'll try to make sure I can have a schedule for you by tomorrow. I might end up asking you for a little more information later!
Tomoe: Cool. If I remember anything else, I'll shoot you a message! I'm in your hands, Tsugu!
Tsugumi: Mhm, I'll take care of it!
