event107-03 Chapter 2: A Hard Day

It's White Day, and Tomoe and Tsugumi struggle to give everyone their gifts...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[White Day - Early Morning]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Tomoe: Yawn... Mornin', Tsugu...
Tsugumi: Good morning, Tomoe-chan. You must be sleepy. Are you feeling alright?
Tomoe: Hm...? Oh, yeah, dude. I'm fine...
Himari: Well, good morning to you two! You're pretty early, don't you think? Morning practice hasn't started yet, you know.
Tsugumi: Good morning, Himari-chan! If we don't start handing out the gifts now, we're going to have a hard time getting to all fifty students.
Himari: Oh, okay. That's rough...! Which club are you gonna start with?
Tsugumi: I think we're going to start with Tennis Club. We were just talking about waiting for you to show up before we go. Right, Tomoe-chan?!
Tomoe: ...
Tsugumi: ... She fell asleep while standing?!
Tomoe: My man... Give me the usual...
Himari: Maybe she's dreaming about the ramen shop...? C'mon, Tomoe! Wake up!
Tomoe: ... I'll have seconds!
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan! Please wake up!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Ran: Haha, that's great. Sounds like you've had your hands full since early this morning, Tsugumi.
Tsugumi: Not at all! Although, I did panic a little when Tomoe-chan starting dozing off and almost ate one of the gifts...
Tsugumi: Still, all the girls have looked so happy receiving their gifts. Seeing that made me glad that I volunteered to help.
Ran: I see. So it's going well. That's a relief.
Tsugumi: Yeah! Well, there was actually one girl who did get the wrong gift...
Moca: Meh, it's just one~. I'm sure it'll work out~.
Himari: Tomoe went to another class to give out gifts, right?
Tsugumi: Yes. The plan right now is for her to use this break time to meet up with the students who are nearby.
Moca: Ace Vice President of the student council does it again~. No stone unturned.
Himari: Hey, guys, you wanna go watch her give out gifts for a little?
Moca: Sure do~. Off we go~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Oh, there she is! There, near that window!
Moca: Oho~, I see her. They're getting really fired up over there~.
Ran: Uh, I think that girl might have been in my class last year. I kinda remember her face.
Himari: What?! You were in the same class, and that's all you got?
Ran: It's not like I can help it. I hardly talked to her.
Himari: Jeez~, you gotta try talking to your classmates more... Hold on, they've been talking for a while. Is that okay?
Tsugumi: No... She's supposed to find two more students during this break...
Himari: Two~?! Does she even have enough time left for that?!
Ran: Hold on. Has she been spending that much time with each person?
Moca: And when she gave the girl the wrong gift earlier... Was it because she was having too much fun talking~?
Tsugumi: Y-yes... That's exactly what happened...
Tsugumi: But the students get so excited when Tomoe-chan gives them their gift. They look so happy and they're having such a good time; I don't have the heart to rush them...
Ran: I still think it'd be better to send her a signal or something, no? At this rate, that's the only girl she's gonna talk to during the break.
Tsugumi: Y-you're right...!
Tsugumi: (Tomoe-chan! Please notice! You have more students to find!)
Tomoe: ...!
Moca: Oh! I think you got her attention.
Tsugumi: Great... Now we might be able to get to one more student...
Tomoe: ...!
Himari: I think she's winking at us... I'm not sure she understands...
Ran: Same. She seems to think she's doing a good job.
Moca: Welp, bell rang~.
Himari: Ah, she's freaking out!
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan~!
