event107-07 Ending: Friends I Can Rely On

Tomoe has finished giving out her gifts. Now she just has to thank her bandmates...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tomoe: It's over~!!
Tsugumi: Take the break you deserve, Tomoe-chan! Aren't you glad you were able to give out all the gifts?
Tomoe: Yeah, and it was thanks to you guys!
Ran: As long as we were able to help.
Moca: Look at you~. Aren't you so cool, Ran~? And who was the one who told them to ask for help~? Oh yeah, that was you~.
Ran: Oh, shut up...
Tsugumi: About that... I want to thank you all again. If it were just me, I don't think I would have been able to help Tomoe-chan pull it off.
Himari: You're so quick to put everything on your own shoulders, Tsugu. You should rely on us more!
Moca: Yes, indeed~. You do have such dependable friends, after all.
Ran: Who talks about themselves that way...? Anyway, I think the reason Tomoe was able to get all of those gifts out is that you were there, Tsugumi.
Tomoe: Yup! I wouldn't have gotten to everyone if it wasn't for her.
Tomoe: Think about it. I spent a lot of time with all of the girls when I gave them their gifts, right?
Tomoe: They were so happy to be getting something from me. And it's not like I'm a star or anything, either.
Tomoe: Seeing that, seeing how they felt... I just had to respond in turn. And that's when we'd start talking away...
Tomoe: But no matter how long I took giving out each gift, you would go along with it and rearrange the schedule.
Tomoe: You put my desires first, and you did everything you could. And that's the reason I was able to get to all of those girls.
Tsugumi: Tomoe-chan...
Tomoe: Having your whatever-it-takes-for-my-friends attitude was a really big help. Thank you, Tsugu.
Tsugumi: Th-that's what friends are for. But I guess... you're welcome.
Himari: I'm so glad we found them all in time, though! That last girl was just about to finish up her solo practice. If Tsugu hadn't realized, you would've missed her.
Tomoe: Oh yeah, Tsugu was calm, cool, and collected!
Ran: Good thing she wrote down everything you said.
Moca: That was peak Tsugurificness for sure~.
Tsugumi: A-about that...
Ran: What's up?
Tsugumi: Now that I think about it, we could have just waited for her to get her shoes from her locker when she was ready to leave...
All: ... Ah...
Tomoe: B-but still! If you hadn't mentioned the roof, we would have been freaking out, and we might not've even thought to wait at her shoe locker!
Himari: Mhm! It all worked out! Don't get caught up in the details!
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Thank you...
Moca: Thinking about it, fifty is still such a crazy number~.
Tsugumi: It is...! But seeing Tomoe-chan take the time to thank everyone so kindly really showed me why she's so popular.
Himari: And when I was watching, the girls receiving the gifts looked so happy.
Ran: I saw Tomoe almost get a gift for giving her gift. That was pretty funny.
Moca: That's just how good of a person Tomo-chin is~.
Tomoe: He- Cut it out! All these compliments are embarrassing!
Ran: I was really shocked when she left the gym in her jersey because she wanted to give out her gift and didn't have time to change.
Himari: I know~! And then she ended up taking our next class in that same jersey!
Tomoe: Wh-what was I supposed to do?! If I didn't do that, I might not have made it in time!
Himari: Speaking of, didn't something weird happen to you, Ran?
Ran: More like I ended up looking like a weirdo...
Tsugumi: What happened?
Ran: ... I didn't wanna lose sight of the girl Tomoe needed to talk to, so I kept watching her, and Minato-san started giving me a suspicious look.
Tomoe: Ahaha! That's a disaster waiting to happen!
Ran: Wh-... Should you really be laughing, Tomoe?!
Tomoe: Sorry, my bad! Thanks for your help, Ran.
Tomoe: I know! How about I take you guys to eat! To show you all my appreciation, it'll be my treat!
Himari: Ooo~! I'm in!
Moca: Wow~, aren't we generous~? And I was just thinking about how I wanna have all the bun items on the menu~.
Tomoe: Tr-try not to get carried away... please...
Ran: ... Hm?
Tsugumi: What happened, Ran-chan?
Ran: ... I didn't get a good look, but wasn't that another White-Day gift in your bag, Tomoe?
All: Huh?!
Tomoe: ... Oh.
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan?! What's going on?!
Tomoe: So, uh, when I gave you that list the other day, I realized that some girls from Hanasakigawa also gave me chocolates on Valentine's Day. I was hoping to get them their gifts after Haneoka... Ahaha...
Tsugumi: T-Tomoe-chan~...!
Moca: Tomo-chin~?
Himari: You should have said something earlier~!
Ran: ... So, what are you gonna do?
Tomoe: I-I'm sorry! Please! Come with me to Hanasakigawa! This is the last thing! I promise! Look, I'll pay for all-you-can-drink too!
All: ...
Tomoe: C-c'mon, you guys~...!
(Black cut)
