528_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Costume Designer

Gacha phrase: I don't want to leave anything... unfinished...

<Excellent>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato, Rinko Shirokane)

[After School]

[Restaurant]

Maya: Great job today, everyone! The dress you showed us, Shirokane-san, was gorgeous! Thanks to you, I think we're going to have a fabulous performance!
Rinko: O-oh... I-I wouldn't go that far... I'm just an amateur really... I'm more worried... about getting in everyone's way...
Maya: You're not getting in the way one bit! In fact, I'm learning so much from you, from designing the costumes to actually making them!
Kaoru: That fleetingly passionate dress... is utterly breathtaking. It has my heart burning in a fiery blaze.
Maya: As for me, I was taken away by the high slit! What an ingenious design!
Rinko: Seta-san has an elegant figure... So... I thought being able to see her legs... would add more impact to the performance.
Kaoru: Ahh, Rinko... your thoughtfulness and consideration...! To be able to don a costume made by a little kitten such as yourself is an honor that perhaps only I can boast...!
Maya: Uh, no. She also makes all the outfits for Roselia, you know.
Maya: Though, I'm impressed that you even take into account what it's like when the performer is actually on stage when you're making the costumes. Do you, perhaps, watch a lot of plays?
Rinko: I suppose... you can say that...
Rinko: Plays are different from books or movies... You can be fully absorbed into the world of a stage... And I... like that...
Maya: That's what I suspected, and now I can be sure!
Maya: That thrill of performing live is so captivating, whether it's a play or band performances! And we can share the feeling of being in the same world as the people on stage!
Rinko: I understand... that feeling... You can share this... mysterious sense of togetherness...
Maya: Exactly! I never thought I'd be able to talk theater with you! I'm delighted! What kind of plays do you usually watch?
Rinko: I make an effort... to see the ones I'm interested in... The four tragedies of Shakespeare... I've watched them all.
Kaoru: Ahh, absolutely marvelous. I never would have fathomed a Shakespeare devotee, with whom I can converse with, was right by my side all along...!
Kaoru: We shall drink a toast... in celebration of our fateful encounter!
Rinko: D-drink a toast... As in cheers?
Maya: Say, it's really something that you've seen all four of the tragedies...
Maya: I mean, I've watched them too... And this is embarrassing to say, but I didn't understand everything I saw...
Maya: That's it, Shirokane-san! Why don't you help me understand the greatness that is Shakespeare?
Rinko: Shakespeare's greatness...?
Kaoru: Brilliant proposal, Maya. Rinko, please allow us to ascertain your thoughts on Shakespeare.
Rinko: B-but... I'm not as knowledgeable as Seta-san on the topic...
Kaoru: Ahh, knowledge is irrelevant at present. We desire to know the Shakespeare you perceive, Rinko.
Rinko: O-okay, I can try... to convey my takeaways...
Rinko: I think... the fascination with Shakespeare... is how his works express such a wide range of human emotions...
Rinko: It's not just how the stories unfold... but every single line... deals with human nature in a most natural... and significant way...
Rinko: That's why... his works are timeless and universally loved... I believe...
Maya: I see your point. Not just with Shakespeare, but all famous works share a common theme of expressing strong human emotions, right?
Rinko: I-I think that... there aren't many works that haven't been influenced by Shakespeare's work in some way, shape or form... maybe...
Maya: I guess that's how Shakespeare still prevails in our current world too, huh?
Kaoru: Bravo, Rinko. You've conveyed all my sentiments precisely.
Rinko: O-oh... and also...
Maya: Wait? There's more about him? Please do go on!
Rinko: Y-you know the word... "excellent"...?
Maya: Excellent...  like wonderful or magnificent, right?
Rinko: W-well... some say that it was Shakespeare... who invented that word...
Maya: What?! R-really?!
Rinko: That's one theory people have, anyway... But it really goes to show... how much influence he had... in shaping our world...
Maya: Up until now, I only had the vaguest understanding of Shakespeare...
Maya: I never realized just how brilliant he was...! Thank you so much, Shirokane-san! I truly learned a lot from you!
Maya: Kaoru-san, did you know about all of that?
Kaoru: Fufu, but of course. You of all people should know how deep my adoration for Shakespeare goes.
Kaoru: I must say, Rinko... To be so well-informed regarding this topic, you are truly... excellent.
Maya: U-uhhh... I feel like the word you'd usually use is "marvelous" or something...
Kaoru: Fufu... Even after we're finished with this performance, it'd bring me great joy to continue discussing Shakespeare with you, Rinko.
Maya: I agree. I'm still a novice when it comes to his work, but I'd love to talk about other stuff too, like the stage, performances and costumes!
Rinko: I-if you would have me...
Kaoru: Excellent response, Rinko.
Maya: Now, you're just overusing the word... Well, whatever.
Maya: It's settled then, Shirokane-san! Let's continue to talk more from now on!
Rinko: Y-yes... please allow me the pleasure... as well...


<Creating A New World>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Oh, Rinko-chan. Good morning! You're here by yourself today?
Rinko: Marina-san... {{userName}}-san... Another day... on the job, I see...
Rinko: I got here... a little early... So I'm just... waiting for everyone ...  But I didn't bring a book... or anything to do...
Marina: Fufu. In that case, why don't you let us keep you company? We're on break anyway.
Rinko: Yes... please... If it's okay with you...
Marina: Really? Great~! Oh, I heard you were helping out with the theater club not too long ago?
Rinko: Y-yes... Yamato-san asked me to... At first... I was just... helping out... with making the costumes...
Rinko: But... I ended up doing... some other backstage work, too... I really... learned a lot from it...
Rinko: And I got to... experience the pleasures of theater... like I never had before...
Rinko: To create a single set... Everyone comes together... and shares their ideas... Slowly but surely... the world of the play gets made...
Rinko: I... was utterly impressed... Up until now... I only focused on the actors and the story...
Rinko: But after this experience... I'm able to notice... other aspects of the stage, too.
Rinko: Because everything you see on stage... is a concept someone thought up... and one that many people came together to create...
Marina: I see. You came to this realization because you got to work backstage, huh? That does sound like a learning experience.
Marina: Did you realize anything else? If so, you should tell us. {{userName}}-san, you wanna know too, right?
Rinko: What I found... really intriguing was... the stage lighting...
Rinko: It's not just about... the type of lights you use or the color... but the positioning... is also very important...
Rinko: Depending on the angle of the lights, the performer's representation can change... And it can affect the overall experience.
Marina: Good point! Lighting is important for band performances, too! Some bands are particular about what lights to use or request colored lights, such as red for a specific song and whatnot.
Marina: If you want to show the audience a specific conception, it's crucial to have that sort of knowledge so you can be particular about how you want to be presented on stage.
Rinko: I think it's wonderful... to be able to create stages like that...
Marina: ... Oh, by the way! If Roselia ever has specific requests for how the lighting should be, don't hesitate to let us know!
Rinko: U-uhm...
Rinko: I think we're fine... at the moment...
Rinko: For Roselia... we perform Yukina-san's songs... So, it's Yukina-san... who creates the stage she envisions...
Rinko: But... we'll be aiming even higher from now on... so we may require help from everyone.
Rinko: At that time... it would be great... if we could revisit this topic...
Marina: You can leave it to us! It's our responsibility to produce a stage that reflects the band's image in the best way possible!
Rinko: Thank you very much...  It's very encouraging... to hear you say that...
