667_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Into a Great President

Gacha phrase: The reason I can work so hard... is because of everyone who's there for me.

<A New Sound>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: Phew... Let's take a break.
Ako: Okay~... Sooo tired...
Yukina: Rinko, do you have a moment?
Rinko: Y-yes... I-is something the matter...?
Yukina: Your performance today was exceptional. There was an energy that could be not only heard but also felt in an almost tactile manner.
Rinko: Y-you really think so...? Uhm... Thank you very much.
Yukina: Did something good happen to you recently?
Rinko: Huh...? U-uhm...
Ako: I know, I know! I think it's because Rin-rin's student-council stuff has been going super well!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... Th-that's not...
Yukina: Oh. So you've been handling your student-council business well.
Rinko: Yukina-san, not you too... I... wouldn't go that far...
Yukina: No need to be modest. Things going well is a positive.
Rinko: ... T-to be honest, I had been having trouble with the student council until recently...
Yukina: I see. What manner of trouble?
Rinko: Ever since I became the president... my social anxiety persisted...
Rinko: And even though I knew I needed to fix it... I couldn't help behaving awkwardly with the other members...
Yukina: I see...
Rinko: And so... I discussed the matter with Hikawa-san and Matsubara-san...
Rinko: And what they said was... don't rush myself to try and openly communicate with everyone. That I should slowly build my way up to where I can talk to all of the members normally...
Rinko: Their advice was to... take it slow... and do things at my own pace...
Ako: Doing things at your own pace. Of course Sayo-san would say something so smart!
Yukina: Indeed. A precise, step-by-step approach. Exactly the kind of advice Sayo would give.
Rinko: Yes... So then... to start, we invited... Ichigaya-san... to join us in the courtyard for lunch.
Rinko: The two of us share a common interest... in playing the keyboard... so we had thought that maybe... I would get along with her.. and I'd be able to have a normal conversation...
Yukina: Now I understand... And based on your mood today, I assume that plan was a success?
Rinko: Y-yes...
Ako: I actually saw Rin-rin on the day that plan was carried out! Kasumi and I were heading to the book store, but it was closed.
Ako: We bumped into Rin-rin and Arisa on the way back, then the four of us went to a restaurant!
Yukina: Together as four? With Toyama-san?
Ako: Uh-huh! Hm? Rin-rin, I remember you looking all dizzy, for some reason...
Rinko: A-at that time, yes... I did feel light-headed... but I'm also very happy... that we could... go out together.
Rinko: It was a new step forward... And it helped bring me to where I am now. Perhaps the happiness I was feeling because of that spilled over into my playing...
Yukina: I see... If that's how you feel about it, then all the better.
Yukina: Rinko. I am glad you became the student-council president.
Rinko: Th-thank you very much...!
Ako: Hehehe, nice going, Rin-rin!
Ako: But wow, showing your feelings through your music Is way cool! You were giving off some major happy vibes earlier. What'd you think of it, Yukina-san?
Yukina: Let's see. I suppose what I heard was... her firm resolution.
Yukina: Rinko's performance today managed to preserve the delicateness of her style while also delivering a very forceful presence.
Yukina: Not to imply that her musical sense has been obscured by the addition. It is more akin to a fresh new sound being mixed into her repertoire of many.
Ako: So, that fresh new sound is her firm resolution or whatever?
Yukina: Correct.
Yukina: The core of the sound... The tone that comes with being a part of Roselia is unchanged. On top of that, there's a sense of determination that indicates a desire to reach greater heights.
Yukina: The reason I was able to feel that is...
Rinko: Y-Yukina-san...? That gaze of yours is very intense...
Yukina: Without a doubt, that is the proof that Rinko found the resolve to take the student-council position, took her step forward, and was able to grow.
Ako: Whoa~! Yukina-san, Rin-rin! You're both so cool...!
Ako: Yukina-san! The rest of us are gonna work just as hard!
Yukina: Excellent. Now, let us continue with our rehearsal.
Rinko & Ako: Okay!


<One Step Forward>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[After School]

[Riverside]

Marina: Ah, I thought that was you, Rinko-chan!
Rinko: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... G-good evening...
Marina: Good evening. Are you on your way home? It's pretty late...
Rinko: I was busy with my school duties... and before I knew it... the sun was already setting...
Marina: School duties? Are you in a club or something, Rinko-chan?
Rinko: N-no...  I tried out various club activities but never actually joined any...
Marina: Oh... Ah, I remember now! You're the student-council president! So that's why you stayed late.
Rinko: Y-yes... that's right...
Marina: Okay, that makes sense. The student council isn't easy, having to work together with so many other groups and all.
Marina: You must be exhausted having worked so late.
Rinko: A little... Thank you for the concern...
Marina: So, how is it? Are your council duties going well?
Rinko: W-well... Even interacting with just the other members is still nerve-wracking...
Rinko: So I spoke with Hikawa-san and Matsubara-san... who told me that I need to... focus on speaking as calmly as possible...
Rinko: Okusawa-san also lent her support... A-and now, it feels like I've made a good deal of progress in opening up...
Marina: How nice. Now that I think about it, you and Arisa-chan do have quite a lot in common.
Marina: You're both student-council members who play the keyboard in a band... right? Wouldn't you two make for an awesome duo?
Rinko: I would be... very pleased... if it came to that.
Marina: Yeah, I bet. And knowing you two, I'm sure it'll come true!
Rinko: Th-thank you very much...
Rinko: After what happened... I've rediscovered just how precious all of my friends are...
Rinko: They've pushed me and have watched over me... They support me when I need it...
Rinko: When I find myself in trouble, they're right there to work me through it...
Rinko: It is through those bonds alone... that I've been able to take steps forward...
Rinko: As it stands, I have my hands full with my own matters... but someday, I also want to... become a person who can help others...
Marina: From what Ako-chan tells me, you're always there to lend an ear, and I think that's more than enough... I guess that means you'll be doing even more than that.
Marina: That sounds wonderful! Wouldn't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Rinko: Thank you very much...
Rinko: Ah... I completely lost track of the time. My apologies for keeping you...
Marina: No, that's our fault! Alright, be careful on your way home.
Rinko: I will... Goodbye.
