711_Rinko Shirokane_R2 Hidden Passion

<Support Network>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Whoops, did I get here too early? Well, as everyone knows, you gain the most ground when you're motivated! I'll just go ahead and get started first.
Lisa: Huh? What's this? The room's already been signed into. Looks like someone got here before me...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Rinko: ...
Lisa: Hey, Rinko. So it's you~.
Rinko: Oh, Imai-san. Why, hello.
Lisa: You're sure here early~. Did you add time to our studio reservation?
Rinko: Yes. I think I came up with a better phrase for the song you wrote the lyrics for... I wanted to come early to practice it...
Rinko: I've played it over and over again, and... the more I play... the more I'm able to feel the meaning behind the lyrics... I'm so touched by them.
Lisa: Ahaha, really? I'm glad to hear you say that.
Rinko: Imai-san... You wrote these lovely lyrics all by yourself, didn't you?
Rinko: No matter how hard or difficult something is... you never give up or run away...
Rinko: I think... that outlook you have... is very commendable...
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks! Though I gotta admit, there were moments while I was writing when I was pretty frazzled and didn't have a clue as to what to do.
Lisa: And, if I can be honest with you, I even considered giving up once.
Lisa: So, no need to exaggerate. I don't deserve that much praise.
Rinko: But that... is not what I'm doing...
Rinko: Starting something new... leaping into the unknown... taking on a new challenge...It's all so terrifying...
Rinko: So... I understand the feeling of wanting to find a reason to run away and give up...
Lisa: Rinko...
Rinko: When I had that piano competition... I was so nervous... I thought of running away at first...
Rinko: Actually, I should say... if I had never been a part of Roselia... I'm sure I would have given up...
Rinko: But... everyone had put their trust in me... and because of that... I was able to move forward and overcome that obstacle...
Rinko: So... I understand how you feel... how much you must have struggled... and all the difficulties you must have faced in order to write those lyrics...
Rinko: But then... you had the determination to get over it... to face the problem head-on and were able to accomplish the task by yourself.
Rinko: That's why... the fact that you finished those lyrics... makes me really happy... like I overcame a struggle of my own.
Rinko: As a response to how much you put into the lyrics... I'm determined to do my part and perform the song as perfectly as I can.
Lisa: Rinko... I didn't know you thought so much about this.
Lisa: But I didn't overcome my struggles all by myself. You would understand that, too, right?
Lisa: The only reason I was able to write these lyrics was that you and the rest of Roselia were there for me.
Lisa: Don't forget about the books you lent me! They were of great help. Thanks for that. I know I wasn't very clear on what I was doing when I asked you for them.
Rinko: It's okay... I'm just glad I was able to lend a hand... From what you said... I could tell you were in the middle of tackling something on your own...
Rinko: You're always the one supporting everyone else... I just wanted to be able to return the favor...
Rinko: I think being able to spend time with you... pushes me to grow.
Lisa: Really? I guess you have a point. Just like how everyone else influences me, I must have something to give to others.
Rinko: Yes. And I've received... a whole lot from you...!
Lisa: Ahaha! I'm feeling all weird and tingly inside now... But I'm happy.
Lisa: Alrighty! Rinko, wanna practice together before everyone else gets here?
Rinko: Yes...! Very much so.


<Preparing for Competition>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rinko: Ah...!
Rinko: Oh, I-I'm sorry... {{userName}}-san... I didn't expect someone to be on the other side of the door... You caught me by surprise...
Rinko: It's already... so dark outside...
Rinko: My apologies... I was so focused on practicing... I completely lost track of time...
Rinko: That's right... I think everyone in Roselia has been practicing more lately.
Rinko: We've all been working diligently... for the contest that can get us into Future World Fes.
Rinko: Yes... Don't worry, we're not pushing ourselves too hard... Thank you for your concern...
Rinko: Though... I must say... there probably is no better time than now to push ourselves a little harder...
Rinko: But, again... thank you for the concern...
Rinko: Everything we've been doing... up until now... has been for this contest...
Rinko: That's why... I want to do... whatever I can for it... Even if that means... going a little overboard.
Rinko: I'm positive... everyone else in the band is feeling the same way.
Rinko: That's true. Practice... has been challenging...
Rinko: But our feelings are one, and we're striving together to achieve a huge goal... So even though it's rough, it's... enjoyable.
Rinko: That includes Yukina-san, Hikawa-san, Ako-chan... And of course Imai-san, too... We've all found our own sound and we're more united than ever.
Rinko: I have the feeling that... now Roselia has... what we were lacking not too long ago.
Rinko: You're looking forward to our appearance on stage at Future World Fes?
Rinko: Yes... Thank you very much! I'll do whatever I can... to not let you down...
