956_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Singing Battle Bride

Gacha phrase: Everyone, I'm going to begin the incantation!

<Party Synergy>

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3A]

Rinko: Sigh...
Sayo: ...? What's wrong, Shirokane-san?
Rinko: Ah... Hikawa-san...
Sayo: You seem troubled. Is everything alright?
Rinko: Ah, well... I'm fine, but... I've been thinking...
Rinko: It's about NFO... Do you remember when you upgraded your class the other day?
Sayo: Yes, thanks to you all.
Rinko: Fufu... I'm also as happy for you... as I would have if it had been me.
Rinko: Because of that, I've... thought about reconsidering... my own role and actions.
Sayo: Your role? I think you are doing perfectly fine as you are...
Rinko: Ah... Thank you very much...
Rinko: However, while an advanced class can do many things... the way they do battle tends to be more complicated...
Sayo: True, the controls now are hardly comparable to how things were before.
Rinko: Right. So looking back on how I've performed... there are many areas where I am somewhat lacking...
Rinko: When playing with others in a party... I think I should focus more on tactics involving buffing and skill synergy...
Sayo: Skill... synergy?
Rinko: Yes... Granted, this is... a very basic example, but... if we look at your class, the royal knight...
Rinko: I believe they can apply a buff... to raise the defense of allies...
Sayo: True, I do remember one of the new skills in my list having an effect similar to that.
Rinko: And as a wizard, if I were to apply a debuff to lower the attack power of the enemy...
Sayo: It would reduce the damage dealt to our allies even further...
Rinko: ... Exactly...
Rinko: By synergizing with your party members... skills can be even more effective than if you were playing alone...
Sayo: NFO and bands are slightly similar when following that train of thought.
Rinko: You may be right... Playing music with others is much more fun than playing alone...
Rinko: And playing NFO as a party... feels the same way...
Sayo: I see. I had always seen solo play as a simple way to improve, but after playing with a party, I now know that I need to change my play style.
Sayo: Having said that, would you like to log on tonight and perform some tests with me?
Rinko: Huh...? You don't mind...?
Sayo: Trying things out through actual play may provide better results than merely brainstorming.
Sayo: Besides, I finally unlocked an advanced class. Having heard what you just said, I now want to become more familiar with playing as a party.
Rinko: U-um... I would like that... if you don't mind teaming up with me...
Kanon: Ah, Rinko-chan looks much happier now...!
Rinko: ...? Matsubara-san... and Shirasagi-san?
Chisato: You're right. Good, I was worried. I'm glad you called out to her, Sayo-chan.
Sayo: ...? What are you talking about?
Kanon: You see... Rinko-chan has seemed down all day, so Chisato-chan and I were worried about her.
Chisato: We weren't sure if it involved songwriting, so we thought it may be better to keep an eye on her from afar to avoid bothering her...
Kanon: But Sayo-chan was there to give her advice. I'm so glad everything worked out.
Chisato: Roselia certainly does excel in looking after their own.
Sayo: No, I'm not...
Rinko: (Wh-what should I say...? I can't tell them... this was all because of a video game...)
Kanon: Rinko-chan. I wasn't able to be there for you this time... but if you ever need anything, let me know.
Chisato: We will be happy to hear you out, if you're comfortable with that. Don't hesitate to call on us.
Rinko: Okay... Th-thank you very much...
Chisato: We don't want to bother you two any more than this, so we'll be heading out now.
Kanon: See you guys later.
Sayo: O-okay. Thank you very much.
Sayo: ... I do believe there was a bit of a misunderstanding.
Rinko: They seemed to think... this was related to music...
Sayo: Clarifying the situation may make things even more awkward... Let's be glad it all worked out and leave it at that.
Rinko: Agreed... But still... I didn't realize... they were so concerned about me...
Sayo: Those two are very kind.
Rinko: Yes... They really are... We should try not to cause any more trouble...
Sayo: Well said. To that end, we'll have to carefully examine and work out our concerns in-game today.
Rinko: Okay... I'm looking forward to it...


<Why I Play>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Rinko: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Good afternoon...
Marina: Rinko-chan! Hello. Fancy running into you here.
Rinko: Are you two... on your way home from work...?
Marina: That we are. We went to a meeting to discuss an upcoming event.
Rinko: I see... Thank you for all your hard work...
Marina: Thanks. How about you, Rinko-chan? Are you headed somewhere?
Rinko: I... came to look at some new keyboards...
Rinko: ... Not the musical kind, though... The ones for... computers...
Marina: Ah, for typing.
Rinko: Everyone in Roselia got together to play NFO the other day... That's when I noticed... that my inputs felt a little off...
Rinko: It wouldn't be good... to run into any... major problems while playing... so I'm considering buying a new one.
Marina: Oh, interesting~. Um, isn't NFO that online game that you play with Ako-chan?
Rinko: Yes, it is... She and I have been playing together... for a long time...
Marina: If I remember correctly, you hung out online even before Roselia formed. It must have been nice to be able to play with the entire band.
Rinko: It was... a lot of fun...
Rinko: Actually... the one who suggested that we all play... was Imai-san...
Marina: Lisa-chan?
Rinko: Yes... I was... also surprised at first...
Rinko: We played together once before, but... I think we had more fun this time around...
Rinko: It wasn't just Imai-san either... She and Yukina-san... both took an active part in battle.
Marina: Wow, even Yukina-chan? That's even more surprising.
Rinko: From what I could tell... the two of them wanted to better understand... the gaming lingo that Ako-chan and I often use...
Marina: I see. It makes sense that they would have some other motivation for playing.
Rinko: True... I was very happy to hear their reason for joining us...
Rinko: I don't want to pressure them into trying, but... I'm glad that they showed interest in something I like...
Rinko: So, even if it's only from time to time... I hope we can... continue to play together as a group...
Marina: It's that exciting of a game, huh? Even I'm a little interested now. I was just thinking about how many ads I've seen for that game lately.
Rinko: Please feel free... to join us online...
Marina: You don't mind? Alright, maybe I'll have you guys show us the ropes when the time comes.
Rinko: It... would be my pleasure...
Rinko: I had better go now... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Please feel free to message me if you decide to play...!
