1361_Rinko Shirokane_R2 Invitation to the Party

<To Make It a Wonderful Day>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shopping Mall]

Yukina: I wonder which shops sell Christmas decorations.
Sayo: There's a shop with Christmas goods on the third floor. It's usually a general goods store, but it seems to turn into a Christmas specialty store this time of the year.
Rinko: Okay... Let's go there, then...
(Black cut)

[Christmas Shop Entrance]

Rinko: Yukina-san, Hikawa-san... we're here... This is the shop...
Sayo: This is definitely a Christmas shop. It has many kinds of decorations.
Yukina: We couldn't have hoped for a better place to look. Let's get started.
Sayo: When we were talking about decorations the other day, Udagawa-san said that she wanted the room to be colorful...
Rinko: Since it's Christmas, we should probably have colors like red, green, white, and gold, right...?
Yukina: There's some Christmas tinsel with those colors here. The other decorations are all... fairly expensive.
Sayo: Yes... However, I was hoping Udagawa-san would be happy enough with only tinsels.
Sayo: She was probably thinking of much more elaborate decorations.
Sayo: But as Minato-san pointed out, it would be costly for us to buy all the decorations here...
Rinko: Um... What if we used these...?
Yukina: Are those... balloons?
Rinko: Yes... Balloons aren't expensive, and you can get a lot of them in one pack...
Rinko: I was thinking that if we decorated the room with colorful balloons, it would look really pretty...
Sayo: You're right... That's a good idea.
Rinko: And some ornaments would be nice too...
Sayo: Ornaments? Aren't those for decorating trees?
Rinko: Usually, yes...
Rinko: But we could attach different colored fabrics to wooden ball ornaments or put colored lights in clear glass ornaments...
Rinko: I was thinking that if we used a little imagination to decorate the walls too, then we could make the room look really beautiful...
Yukina: I had only thought about decorating with what we had, but making decorations like that could work too.
Yukina: I like Rinko's suggestion. What other decorations would be nice?
Rinko: Well... how about making rings with origami paper and connecting them together...?
Sayo: ... I haven't done something like that in a long time. I remember making those when I was a child.
Sayo: We could meet early on the day of the party and make them.
Rinko: Sure...
Sayo: I'm really glad you came with us, Shirokane-san.
Sayo: If it had only been Minato-san and myself, I think we would've been at a loss for what to do.
Rinko: Th-that's not true... I just said what came to mind...
Rinko: I only thought of those things because I happened to read about them in a magazine...
Yukina: Liar. Knowing you, you looked at the magazine because we were going to go shopping... Am I wrong?
Rinko: I, uh... No, you're right...
Rinko: I saw how excited Ako-chan was getting about Christmas... so I want her to have a nice time...
Rinko: And... I'm also looking forward to having a Christmas party with all of you...
Sayo: I see. If we're going to have a party, then I too would like to enjoy myself.
Yukina: Yes, agreed.
Rinko: Fufu...
Rinko: Yukina-san, Hikawa-san... let's have a wonderful party together...


<Beyond the Path Walked Together>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rinko: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hi...
Marina: Hi, Rinko-chan. Have you come to practice by yourself?
Rinko: Yes... There are some phrases I want to work on...
Marina: Okay, give me one sec. I'll check if there are any rooms open right now.
Marina: Ah. By the way, Roselia had a Christmas party, right?
Rinko: Yes... Did Ako-chan tell you...?
Marina: Yep, she said it was really fun.
Rinko: Oh... Yes, it was very nice...
Rinko: It made me think of how precious our time together as Roselia is...
Rinko: ... Maybe I'm just making it sound like it was more important than it really was.
Marina: No, you're not. You looked so happy just now thinking of the party.
Marina: A smile like that doesn't lie. I can tell you had a really good time.
Rinko: R-really...? For so long, we've communicated our feelings through music...
Rinko: But even when it isn't with music... we've learned to understand how one another feels...
Rinko: Knowing that makes me really happy...
Marina: That kind of stuff happens. You never really think about how close you're becoming with your friends...
Marina: And then some random thing makes you notice how important you really are to each other. It's a moment you always cherish.
Rinko: Yes... We will continue to spend time together...
Rinko: And I think that will lead to us having even more precious moments together...
Rinko: I want to keep treasuring these irreplaceable memories...
Marina: Fufu. I'm excited to hear about whatever memories Roselia makes next.
Rinko: Me too...
Marina: ... Ah, it looks like the studio in the very back is open.
Marina: Sure thing. Have fun!
Rinko: Thank you... See you later...
