1367_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Persevering President

Gacha phrase: Everyone, you mustn't give up...!

<My Own Way>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Rinko: ... And that's how we were somehow able to get through the event...
Ako: Rin-rin flourished with a boom and was super duper cool~!
Lisa: Wow~! So it was that big of an event! Great job, Rinko.
Rinko: Thank you very much... B-but, Ako-chan... "Flourish" might be taking it a bit far...
Ako: That's not true~! Rin-rin, you should be more confident!
Sayo: The Hanasakigawa Community Festival faced quite a few difficulties even during its preparatory stages.
Sayo: As I thought, the disciplinary committee should have participated in its management as well.
Rinko: No... The disciplinary committee and all of the other committees... had already helped with preparations, so we could not have asked that of you...
Sayo: Is that so? However, if you ever run into any problems, please let us know.
Sayo: You have a tendency to take things upon yourself, after all.
Yukina: ... I see. So the reason Rinko's playing has felt subdued lately was due to that event.
Rinko: What...? Has my playing been different than normal...?
Yukina: Only slightly. I was merely curious as to why.
Yukina: Also, your playing today had a lyrical echo to it. I imagine you learned something through that event.
Rinko: Yes... I learned so much...
Rinko: It seems I still have a long way to go... to become a worthy student council president, but...
Rinko: At the very least, I was shown that I am getting closer... to becoming the person I want to be...
Rinko: When I spoke with Tomoe-san, she gave me the chance to notice that...
Lisa: I see. So Tomoe went with Ako to the event! It's kind of rare for the two of you to talk, isn't it?
Sayo: Indeed. I often see Udagawa-san speaking with them, but I do not see just the two of them speaking that much.
Rinko: Ako-chan is always with us, so I'm able to speak naturally... but when it's just the two of us, things are a little different.
Ako: Really? I thought you both always spoke the same when it was just the two of you.
Rinko: No... It really is different when it's just the two of us talking... I was reminded of that at the event...
Rinko: Because I was able to see a side of her I hadn't before...
Ako: I see! After the event, you were talking about how you found my sis's cool points!
Lisa: Oh, what are they? I wanna know too.
Rinko: Tomoe-san... has a lot of things that I don't...
Rinko: She is kind to everyone... is trusted by others... and if anyone is in trouble, she reaches out to help them without hesitation...
Rinko: I think she is the type of person who can keep moving forward during situations where others might normally falter...
Sayo: True. Tomoe-san gives the impression of being positive and having pride in herself.
Ako: That's right, Sayo-san~! I guess everyone really can tell what makes my sis cool!
Lisa: Yeah, really~. Particularly the part about reaching out to someone that's in trouble.
Lisa: It's like she's a really helpful person. Just the other day, she was helping pass out fliers in the downtown area.
Yukina: However, Rinko, is that not something you are capable of as well?
Rinko: What...? It would be impossible for me to help out in the downtown area...
Yukina: No, I am talking about having the strength to move forward without stopping.
Yukina: While I am convinced of the good points I have just heard about Udagawa-san... if you were to say that you do not have those, I would have to disagree.
Yukina: You have the strength to move forward even in the darkness. That is because I believe you are more courageous than anyone else.
Rinko: Yukina-san...
Lisa: You have a point. But isn't Rinko talking about something else?
Lisa: I thought it was more about how she's always confident with her head held high, and how she always helps the people around her with a friendly smile.
Rinko: Yes... I admire that part of her as well...
Rinko: Whenever people come to the student council for advice... I always end up with a serious expression as well...
Rinko: That's why I want to fix that part of me... If I could be like Tomoe-san and act confidently whenever someone turns to me for help...
Ako: So you want to be like my sis, huh? I don't really think you need to be like her though.
Rinko: But... at this rate, I won't be able to become a dependable student council president...
Ako: Ah! In that case, how about saying something my sis would say?
Rinko: Something Tomoe-san would say...?
Ako: Yeah! When she has to motivate herself, she often says "Let's give it some oomph!"
Lisa: Ah~, I think I can picture her saying that. But I don't know about Rinko saying it...
Yukina: Giving yourself motivation... That might indeed be effective.
Lisa: H-hey, Yukina~?
Yukina: That means giving yourself inspiration to brace your mind and clear it of anxiety, does it not?
Sayo: I see. There may be some truth to that.
Ako: Yeah! Okay, Rin-rin, give it a try! "Let's give it some oomph!"
Rinko: Huh...?! L-let's give it...
Ako: Rin-rin, you have to be louder! My sis belts it out from her stomach!
Rinko: L-let's give it... some oomph...!
Lisa: H-hold on a second! This definitely feels wrong~!
Lisa: Rinko, you have your own good qualities! You should motivate yourself in some other way. Okay?!
Rinko: Y-you're right... I hope to find my own way of doing that...


<A New Realization>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Phew~, we're finally done with the shopping. Well then, let's get back to CiRCLE right away!
Marina: Huh? That person over there. Isn't that... Hey~, Rinko-chan!
Rinko: Ah... Marina-san and {{userName}}-san... Hello...
Marina: Hello. Are you heading home right now?
Rinko: Yes... I just finished my student council duties...
Marina: I see, so you were working until late. I've heard that you've been busy with student council lately. Are things tough right now?
Rinko: No... Student council work has calmed down now, so I'm okay...
Rinko: Until recently the student council was doing management for a social event, so... I was busy with that...
Marina: I see! If it was a social event, does that mean people other than students participated?
Rinko: Yes... We had help from members of the neighborhood association... They set up the booths and a bazaar... while the students planned games and trial lessons...
Marina: Wow, all of that sounds like fun! With an event as big as that, I bet running it was tough.
Rinko: It was... The coordination on the day of the event did not go very well...
Rinko: It's been some time since I became student council president... and yet I still caused a lot of trouble for the student council and the other staff...
Rinko: There were many times where I reflected on my actions... thinking that I should be a more reliable student council president. But...
Rinko: In all of that, I also made a new discovery...
Marina: What was it?
Rinko: On the day of the event, Ako-chan and Tomoe-san came to visit the festival... and I went through a big catastrophe in front of them...
Rinko: Tomoe-san in particular seemed to think I carry out my work as student council president perfectly... so I thought she might've been disappointed seeing the real me...
Rinko: But she still said I was a cool person...
Rinko: She said that I have the strength... to continually face any person, or even my own weaknesses, without ever looking away...
Marina: I see... Tomoe-chan helped show you your good qualities that you hadn't noticed.
Rinko: Yes... On the day of the event, I felt down... so I feel like her words saved me...
Rinko: I still have a long way to go before I can be a reliable student council president... but I might at least be getting closer...
Rinko: I was shown... that I have gotten just a little bit closer to the person I want to be...
Marina: Mhm! When you actually feel like you're making even a little bit of progress forward, it makes you think of trying your best again!
Rinko: Yes... I hope to continue doing my best as the student council president...
Rinko: That way I can use my own methods... to get closer to the person I want to be...
Marina: We'll be rooting for you!
Rinko: Th-thank you very much... I will see you both at CiRCLE...
