1463_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Feelings in Paint

Gacha phrase: Yes. Let's do our best, Ako-chan.

<Alternate Path to the Future>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Sayo: Judging by today's practice, we shouldn't have any problems with the recording session.
Lisa: Yep. Let's keep this up and ace it on the day!
Rinko: Not to mention... I think the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! song... turned out very well too...
Ako: Yep, the song is so cool. Boy, we're on a roll. I can't wait for the event~!
Lisa: That being said, I'm surprised Harumi-san gave us the okay to take part. We're pretty busy these days focusing on our pro musician activities.
Sayo: Yes, we need to make sure it's a successful concert. We owe it to CiRCLE for taking care of us, and to the talent agency for kindly allowing us to participate.
Yukina: Indeed. We must put on a show that lives up to the Roselia name!
Ako: Still, it would've been nice to be involved in stuff other than performing~. Even Sis said she's running a stall at the venue...
Sayo: Udagawa-san, it would be remiss of us to put any more undue demands on the agency.
Ako: I know that. But still~.
Lisa: Hmm... It would be nice to dedicate more of our time, though. A stall is pushing it, but we could probably help set up the stage or something.
Sayo: I agree... However, it would not be fair to pressure Harumi-san to rearrange our schedule...
All: ...
Rinko: ... Umm. I think... we should do both...
Ako: Rin-rin...?
Yukina: Rinko, did you have something in mind?
Rinko: Yes... I've actually been working on this thing here...
Lisa: Is that... our agenda leading up to the event?
Rinko: Yes... Marina-san and I were speaking a little while ago... and I asked her what tasks need to be completed before the event...
Rinko: Based on that information... I reviewed our schedule...
Ako & Sayo: ...!
Rinko: I think... if we follow this plan... we should have more days free to assist with event preparations...
Ako: ...! Whoa! That's awesome, Rin-rin! You've even included our practice times. This has gotta work!
Yukina: May I take a closer look?
Yukina: ... You're right. With this agenda, we'll have more time to visit CiRCLE.
Rinko: I wasn't able to allocate... a large amount of time... so we can only help with small jobs...
Lisa: As long as we're able to contribute more to the event than we can now, that's good enough for me!
Ako: Uh-huh! It's important to take part!
Sayo: Shirokane-san, did you do all of this by yourself...? Where did you find the time...?
Rinko: Well... I felt like there was more we could do...
Rinko: When you can't choose either path... there's always a another option... That's what Imai-san taught me.
Lisa: I-I hardly did anything.
Rinko: Oh, and one more thing... I tried my best, but I just couldn't find time for us to attend the rehearsal the day before the event...
Ako: Ah, you're right...
Sayo: We have a recording session that day, so it can't be helped...
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Rinko... What if we were to finish the recording in one take...? Would that work?
Lisa: Huh? One take...? You mean we'd only get one shot at recording the song?
Yukina: Yes.
Rinko: U-umm... If we can do that, then... we could probably make it to the rehearsal...
Yukina: Understood. Then that's what we shall do.
Lisa, Sayo, Ako & Rinko: ...!
Ako: So what you're saying is, all we have to do is put on a super, ultra-cool performance!
Sayo: Fufu. How careless of me not to conceive such a simple solution.
Lisa: Makes sense to me...! That's so like you, Yukina... No, wait. It's so like Roselia!
Rinko: I'm sure that... if anyone can do it... it's us...
Yukina: Well then, let us take this new itinerary to Harumi-san.
Yukina: Can I entrust you to explain the finer points, Rinko?
Rinko: Of course... Please... leave it to me...


<A Special Place and My Reason>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: I need to go shopping for supplies, but my meeting is about to start... Is there anyone here who has their hands free...?
Rinko: Umm... Is there something I can help you with...?
Marina: Oh, Rinko-chan! I'd really appreciate it~! In that case, could yo- Wait a minute.
Marina: I thought you had other plans today...
Rinko: I rearranged my schedule... and managed to find some free time.
Marina: Thank you for coming down here even though you're so busy.
Marina: Yukina-chan and the others have also shown up in their spare time. I owe you all one.
Rinko: Not at all... If anything... I feel guilty for having so little time to assist you during this frantic period...
Marina: Don't worry about it. I'm grateful for your concern.
Marina: I heard from the others that you reorganized your schedule to make time for us, Rinko-chan.
Rinko: Well, CiRCLE is... the place that drove me to join Roselia. It's important to me...
Rinko: That's why... I want to give back to CiRCLE in some way...
Marina: Rinko-chan...
Marina: ... Okay! Let's make sure this event is a success!
Rinko: Yes... My bandmates and I want to do everything we can...!
Rinko: I will be glad if... many more people... learn what a lovely place CiRCLE is through this event...
Marina: Fufu, me too. I'll be overjoyed if CiRCLE inspires somebody else in the same way.
Rinko: Umm, so... what is it you need me to do...?
Marina: Ah, I almost forgot! That's why you called out to me in the first place!
Marina: There are actually several things I'd like you to take care of...
Rinko: Fufufu, I'm happy to do whatever it takes... I'll do my best...
