1640_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Even If I Can’t Redo It

Gacha phrase: ... The more frustrated I feel... because we couldn't deliver our best performance today...

<Clear Moonlight>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Convenience Store]

Sayo: Alright, we should return to the hotel.
Rinko: Okay... Ah.
Sayo: Shirokane-san? What is it?
Rinko: Oh, I'm sorry... The moon...
Sayo: The moon...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Ah... I had no idea we would be getting a full moon tonight...
Sayo: It's giving off the same gentle light it did before we came here on our tour... Rather soothing, don't you think?
Rinko: Yes...
Sayo: ... Before coming to Osaka, I never imagined I would be looking up at the night sky while filled with so much frustration.
Rinko: Me neither... We were so determined... to make our concert be like the one on our first day... and deliver that fire to our audience...
Rinko: But... that was our mistake...
Sayo: ...
Rinko: Today will end soon...
Rinko: And I find myself wishing... I could turn back time...
Rinko: I wonder if it's because I'm weak...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: ...
Sayo: ... I know this is something that happened some time ago...
Rinko: ...?
Sayo: But do you remember when we went to the various school clubs to see what they were like?
Rinko: ... Yes, I do... I got to experience what the Tea Ceremony and Tennis Clubs do...
Rinko: And you taught me archery...
Sayo: You were a quick study, and teaching you was very worthwhile.
Sayo: Not to mention, you kept trying over and over again... Even cutting your finger didn't stop you from making an effort to learn.
Sayo: I was deeply moved by you back then.
Sayo: And when you were practicing for the piano competition... you faced yourself directly with such dedication...
Sayo: I found the sight of you doing so to be rather beautiful, in fact...
Rinko: ...
Sayo: Even now... you continue to think so hard about the people who came to today's concert.
Sayo: Neither running nor looking away... Simply trying so sincerely.
Sayo: That is why... Shirokane-san, you are not weak. If anything, you are stronger than any of us.
Rinko: Hikawa-san...
Sayo: Whenever we're about to drop something dear to us, it's always you who picks it up.
Sayo: I'm truly grateful. Thank you.
Rinko: Hikawa-san...
Rinko: I'm also... always being helped... by your strength...
Rinko: Perfect form, perfect shot. You introduced me to that way of thinking when I was exploring the various clubs...
Rinko: I still remember it well...
Rinko: Whenever I become lost... remembering those words has this mysterious effect of allowing me to focus on what's in front of me...
Rinko: Strength isn't all, either... When someone is about to lose their way, you gently offer your hand, and quietly guide them to the right path...
Rinko: You possess a dignified kindness.
Rinko: Just like the moon above...
Sayo: ... To be compared to the moon is somewhat embarrassing...
Sayo: But I feel you have a soft but definite light... that also makes you similar to the moon.
Sayo: And it seems to me like that light is now considerably more buoyant than when we first met.
Rinko: Your light... has also become a lot gentler than back then...
Sayo: ... Perhaps we've been gradually influencing each other over the course of our journey up to this point.
Rinko: I think so too... Waxing and waning... the way we shine has slowly changed...
Sayo: And because we've changed... we'll be able to overcome this trial... Right?
Rinko: ... I don't know if we can... No... but we must...
Sayo: Exactly, and I'm certain... we will be able to.
Rinko: Yes...
Sayo: ... Shall we go now? Everyone is most likely waiting for us to return.
Rinko: We probably should... Let's go back...


<A Melody for a Vow>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rinko: Hello, Marina-san... Is the studio I booked... free now...?
Marina: Hi, Rinko-chan. It's still going to be in use for a bit more. Do you mind waiting a little?
Rinko: Sure... okay...
Marina: By the way, welcome back from your tour. The response seems to be really positive. There's a lot of buzz on social media too.
Rinko: Thank you very much... The people who came seem to be posting their thoughts quite actively...
Rinko: But...
Marina: ...? Did something happen?
Rinko: Our concert on the first day... ended up becoming one that we have a lot of regrets about...
Marina: Oh...? Some kind of trouble?
Rinko: Well... before a concert... we always do a lot of rehearsing together... but the rehearsals that day... required a lot more time than usual...
Marina: Nerves from being at a new live house?
Rinko: That's what I also thought at first... but the feeling that something was wrong didn't go away even once the concert began... It actually grew worse...
Marina: So, have you already figured out what caused that feeling?
Rinko: Um... It was because... we weren't focusing properly on the concert on that "today."
Rinko: The more we wanted to make it an amazing concert like the one on the first day of our tour... the harder it became to interact with the fire from the audience...
Marina: I see... That must've been frustrating...
Rinko: Yes... very... And it turns out that everyone else shared that frustration...
Rinko: During our meeting to go over what went wrong... we were discussing what we could do differently for our concert the next day...
Rinko: But I couldn't focus... because I kept seeing... the faces of the people in the audience... who had come to see us that day...
Rinko: That's why... I decided to play the piano... to work through my feelings.
Marina: A piano?
Rinko: Yes... There was a grand piano in the hotel lobby...
Rinko: I played the same piece I had played for a competition a while back.
Rinko: What made the piece so special... was that I had played it back when I made the decision to face my weakness... and start over again...
Rinko: I probably wanted to redo... the concert that had gone so poorly...
Marina: Well... you must've been that frustrated about that concert then.
Rinko: Yes... But... no matter how much we regret what happened that day... it can't be undone...
Rinko: That's why... as part of the new vow we made... so that we never forget the concert that day...
Rinko: I'll be playing that piece... before rehearsals from now on...
Marina: I see... I know things must've been hard for you girls, but I'm sure the experience will help you grow a lot.
Rinko: Thank you very much... I want that to be the case as well... which is why I'll keep working hard so that I can deliver my best performance...
