1687_Rinko Shirokane_R3 Best Wishes Received

<Upon the Stage of Your Choosing>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Rinko: The second round... of the entrance exams for the Theater Department should be today... and the Music Department's are very soon...
Rinko: If I have a chance to take that person's classes...
Kaoru: My my, if it isn't Rinko. Are you treating yourself to a cup of afternoon tea?
Rinko: Ah, Seta-san... Hi... Are you heading out somewhere...?
Kaoru: No, I'm actually on my way home from taking the second round of entrance exams for Yotsuba Women's University.
Kaoru: Thanks to the good luck charm Hagumi and the others so kindly gave me, I shall surely pass.
Rinko: Yotsuba's exams...?!
Rinko: You really are amazing... You're moving so confidently along the path you've chosen for yourself...
Kaoru: What's this I hear...? It sounds as if you've become a troubled little kitten.
Kaoru: If you're worrying about something, there's no need to do so in solitude. It is my solemn duty to relieve dear little kittens in distress.
Rinko: Seta-san... thank you...
Rinko: Well... the truth is... I'm thinking of applying to Yotsuba too, but I'm not sure if I should...
Kaoru: Is that so...? But I heard you were already accepted to Keiho...
Rinko: Yes, at first... I decided to go there...
Rinko: As I become a college student... and take a new step forward, I've been thinking about how I can grow...
Rinko: I chose Keiho because... I thought a top college with a long history would definitely help me do that... and I could also continue performing with Roselia...
Kaoru: I see... Then, by being accepted to Keiho, you have successfully taken that step forward, have you not?
Kaoru: Is that not reason to celebrate? Why do you feel the need to worry?
Rinko: Well... I've heard that a pianist I admire... will begin teaching in Yotsuba's Music Department at the start of the new school year...
Rinko: If I were to go to Yotsuba, it may be possible for me to grow even more... I think I might... never have a chance like this again...
Kaoru: I see. So you have discovered a new path here.
Rinko: Yes... But I was also very serious... when I initially decided to go to Keiho...
Rinko: Should I follow the first path I chose...? Or do I challenge myself on an uncertain path that I feel very drawn to...?
Rinko: I don't know which is the right decision to make...
Kaoru: Yes... I know all too well the fear that comes from making choices. However...
Kaoru: If I were to say anything... I would say no matter what path you choose, this is your life. So you should choose what your heart desires most.
Rinko: Choose what my heart desires...
Rinko: ... Maybe you're right... I certainly feel... something tugging at my heart...
Rinko: Because every step I've taken has helped me grow...
Rinko: But I would like to go one step further... and I think I've found the extra step I should take...
Kaoru: Indeed, if you believe so, then surely it must be true.
Kaoru: Even if that proves to be a thorny path, I feel you shall give your all to press onward.
Kaoru: As the famous Shakespeare once said, "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players"...
Kaoru: You, too, should perform freely as the person you wish to become upon the stage of your choosing.
Rinko: ...
Rinko: Fufu... Thank you.
Kaoru: Splendid... You've finally graced me with a smile. A joyful face really does suit little kittens best.
Rinko: Thanks to my talk with you... I will speak with my teacher first thing tomorrow... about applying...
Kaoru: Fufu... Very well, then. I shall pray that your decision leads to the future you wish for.


<With a Bigger Bag in Spring>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Shopping Mall]

Rinko: Ah... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello...
Marina: Hi, Rinko-chan. Are you shopping today?
Rinko: Yes... I'm looking for a new bag...
Rinko: I'll be starting college in the spring, so I want to have a fairly large one...
Marina: I see~. Everyone is about to become college students. It kind of gets me emotional...
Rinko: Marina-san...?
Marina: Ah, I'm sorry. I just feel like I'm everybody's big sister.
Rinko: Fufu... I'm happy you feel that way... about us.
Marina: Ah, that reminds me, congratulations on passing your college entrance exams.
Rinko: Thank you. I finally feel like I can relax...
Marina: You were studying the whole time during your nationwide tour. That must've been rough.
Rinko: Studying was hard... and in my case... I was also taking piano lessons to prepare for my practical exam...
Marina: You had a practical exam?
Rinko: I actually... passed Keiho's first round of admissions... but I also took the exams for the Music Department at Yotsuba...
Marina: You tried for Yotsuba? But why?
Rinko: I heard that a pianist I admire... will be... teaching courses there...
Rinko: I wasn't sure what to do, but I felt a chance like this might never come again... It was only a small step forward... but I decided to try taking it.
Marina: So you went for it. That's incredible!
Rinko: I'm still not sure if this small step I've taken... was right... or a misstep.
Rinko: And there's a chance that I may be taking... the longest route possible...
Marina: Hmm~, but I don't think you'll know the answer to that until much later down the road.
Rinko: Yes... And I learned the importance of taking small steps forward... from being a part of Hanasakigawa's student council...
Rinko: So... I would like to have faith in this step I'm taking and try going forward...
Rinko: Because the steps I've taken with courage... have always led me to new places...
Marina: So that means you will...
Rinko: From spring... I will be in the Piano Program in the Yotsuba Women's University Faculty of Arts' Music Department...
Marina: Congratulations!
Rinko: Thank you... I hope we can continue our friendship even after I start college...
