1698_Rinko Shirokane_R4 Graduation

Gacha phrase: Please allow me to dedicate this piece... as an expression of my thanks...

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Rinko-senpai, congrats on graduating!
Kasumi: I love the sound of your piano! It's so sparkly, just like a shooting star flying across the sky...!
Kasumi: Let's do a show together again! Oh, and restaurant! Let's go again!
Rimi: Rinko-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Rimi: I always received so much courage from seeing you working hard as our president because you were doing it even though you dislike being in front of large crowds.
Rimi: I hope you can keep giving band and school your all with a smile on your face! I wish you the best!
Tae: Rinko-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Tae: Your sound is always so beautiful. It's crystal clear while also resolute at the same time.
Tae: I'll be sure to keep going to your shows. Next time, I'll bring Shiroppi and Purple-chan too.
Saya: Rinko-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Saya: Back when we helped Himari with her perfect chocolate, I was secretly touched when you said you planned to tailor your chocolates for everyone in Roselia.
Saya: Although considering everyone's individual needs may be simple, that doesn't make it easy, after all... I hope I can learn to be like you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Shirokane-san, congratulations on graduating.
Ran: I always admired how you would be reading a different book whenever I saw you. The genres always seemed to be different too...
Ran: If it's okay with you, maybe you could recommend me a book? If possible, something about flower arrangement would be nice.
Moca: Rinko-san~, congrats on your graduation~.
Moca: I've always really liked the gentle gaze you have when you're looking at the members of your band.
Moca: It'd be nice if you could sometimes drop by the convenience store where I work~.
Himari: Rinko-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Himari: I really enjoyed doing stuff with you, like going to the beach and shopping! We should go places again!
Tomoe: Rinko-san, congratulations on graduating!
Tomoe: Thanks for always looking after Ako... She seems to be having a good time, though, so I'm really glad.
Tomoe: The three of us should get together and geek out over manga again~!
Tsugumi: Rinko-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Tsugumi: I really admire how you always quietly lend a hand to those around you!
Tsugumi: I'll bring you some handmade snacks again if they turn out good.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Rinko, congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: You have such a nice smile when you're reading a book or doing a show!
Kokoro: I hope I get to keep seeing more of your smiles! I'm so looking forward to them!
Hagumi: Rinko-senpai, congrats on graduating~!
Hagumi: You always wear such cute clothes, and you look really good in them!
Hagumi: Do you think those kinds of clothes would look good on me? The next time we meet, tell me where you buy them, will you?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Rinko-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Eve: I noticed this when you were exploring the school's clubs, but your ability to follow through is incredible! I sense a samurai's spirit behind that strong will!
Eve: I will learn from your example and be diligent every day!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Rinko, congrats on graduating.
CHU² (Chiyu): Your ability to help bring Roselia's essence to life not just through sound, but also the outfits you design, is something I rate quite highly.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, the professional scene is full of challenges. Never become complacent, and keep aiming for the summit.
LAYER (Rei): Shirokane-san, congratulations on your graduation.
LAYER (Rei): I really enjoyed talking about manga with you before because it made me feel this warmth inside.
LAYER (Rei): I heard the latest volume came out. Let's read the rest of the story together again.
LOCK (Rokka): Rinko-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): When I heard you play at a live house, your melody was passionate and delicate at the same time... I was so moved.
LOCK (Rokka): I look forward to more of your incredibly stirring melodies!
MASKING (Masuki): Rinko-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): The vibe you give off when you're on stage is so different from when you're not. Up there, you have this frightenin' intensity or somethin' at times...
MASKING (Masuki): I think that sort of thing is real cool. If we ever get to perform against each other again, let's have a good one!
PAREO (Reona): Rinko-san, congratulations on your graduation!
PAREO (Reona): I cannot help but admire the many lovely outfits that you design...! They truly are lovely!
PAREO (Reona): If it's okay with you, do you think you could maybe share some details about your needlework sometime?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Rinko-san... um... congratulations on your graduation.
Mashiro: Your sound is like the breeze that blows when you're under a tree on a hot day... or the brisk air that enters... when you open a window early in the morning...
Mashiro: I'll work hard on my singing... so that my songs can make people feel something... just like your sound does...!
Tsukushi: Rinko-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: I've been hearing a lot about Roselia at the café lately. Each time I do, it makes me more determined to work harder...! It's very inspiring!
Tsukushi: Whether it's school, band, or anything else... I'll do my best, too, just like you!
Nanami: Rin-rin-senpai, congratulations on your graduation~.
Nanami: You're always so calm and serene, and I've always wished I could be so grown-up like you~.
Nanami: If it's okay, let's have a chat sometime~. I'd love to learn more about you~.
Toko: Rinko-san, congratulations on graduating!
Toko: Doing professional band stuff as a part of Roselia at the same time as going to college, playing the piano, and designing outfits... You're, like, so on a roll!
Toko: I plan to achieve just as much, so let's hang out sometime! You totally have to tell me more about Rui's past and stuff!
Rui: Shirokane-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: I wish both Roselia and you personally the best with your endeavors.
Rui: ... I hope you will continue to look after Morfonica.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa & Misaki: Rinko-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: Thank you so much for all the help with the student council. I was nervous at first... but now I'm glad I joined.
Arisa: We'll take care of the school, so please just focus on your new environment and spreading your wings. I'll be wishing for your success.
Misaki: So will I. And please enjoy your well-deserved rest. Being the student council president... probably wasn't easy.
Misaki: If the stress from college or your new environment becomes too much, come downtown to unwind. I'm sure Michelle will love to see you too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Rin-rin~! Congrats on graduating!
Ako: I know our friendship was strong, to begin with, but I think stuff like Roselia and gaming has made it even more super strong!
Ako: But we can make it even more super-duper strong, right? So let's keep leveling up together and aiming for the strongest of the strong~!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Why I Played That Piece...>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Riverside]

Rinko: The city really is beautiful in the morning... It's so quiet... The air is so clear... and the sunlight really is making... the surface of the river sparkle...
Rinko: Fufu... just like the scene I described... in my valedictory speech...
Rinko: Ah... Could that person heading this way be...? It really is you, {{userName}}-san... Good morning...
Rinko: A morning jog...? I suppose working at a live house... requires stamina...
Rinko: I'm... just taking a stroll... because I ended up waking up... earlier than usual...
Rinko: It's quiet, and there aren't that many people at this hour... so it's perfect... for doing some thinking...
Rinko: ... So much has happened over these last three years...
Rinko: Getting to try out so many clubs... Being given the role of student council president...
Rinko: There's been so much even outside of school... Going to the beach and swimming pool... with friends... So many things I never could've experienced... alone...
Rinko: Everyone has helped make my memories... of my time in high school... truly precious for me...
Rinko: I wrote my valedictory speech... to convey... as much of the gratitude I felt toward everyone... as I could...
Rinko: But all of the memories that kept flooding back... made writing it... very difficult...
Rinko: I kept writing and rewriting over and over again... and I think I managed... to convey my feelings in the end.
Rinko: What I couldn't put into words... I decided to put into music.
Rinko: Yes... I played Chopin's "L'Adieu"... on the piano at the end...
Rinko: The piece's real name... is Étude Op. 10, No. 3... and it was written to help practice the piano...
Rinko: Around the time when it was likely composed... Chopin supposedly had to leave... his homeland... where he had spent the majority of his life...
Rinko: Maybe that's why the beautiful melody... carries with it a hint of melancholy and longing... for his homeland and the people he was close to...
Rinko: However... what I get from the piece isn't just sadness for the people he left behind... I feel anticipation... for new encounters... and new environments, as well.
Rinko: Hellos and goodbyes come hand-in-hand... They are like two sides of the same coin...
Rinko: Goodbyes are painful, yes... but what awaits when you take a step forward... is a new hello... I feel.
Rinko: I wanted to convey that as much as possible... and that is why I performed "L'Adieu" at the end.
Rinko: As much as possible, I intend to enjoy... my college life... and the new encounters that surely await... At my own pace, of course...
Rinko: Oh... I-I'm sorry. It's been just me... talking this whole time... I got carried away...
Rinko: Thank you very much. I'm really looking forward to... my new chapter in life...
Rinko: ... I really enjoyed... getting to share my thoughts with you. If you don't mind, I would like to have another leisurely chat with you sometime...
Rinko: Thank you and see you again...
