1731_Rinko Shirokane_R5 Clad In...

Gacha phrase: I'm sure this song will be seen... as being truly Roselia...

<Update>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Rogolo Mines - Depths]

RinRin (Rinko): ... This should keep the boss from moving... Ako-chan, now!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Alrighty~, leave it to me! Dark Flare~!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yay~! We killed the boss! Nice job, Rin-rin~!
RinRin (Rinko): No, it was you, Ako-chan(*ﾉωﾉ) I expected more trouble because of the feature update and how long it's been since we played, but we still pulled off our combo!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Yeah! Just goes to show that we're still the best team around!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Alright~, let's keep this up and head to the next dungeon~!
RinRin (Rinko): Oh, can we head back to town first? I want to stock up on items(○ ' ω '○)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Sure! I wanna eat my snacks, too, so let's just take a break then~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Oh, hey! Is it just me, or has the town music changed? It feels different from before.
Rinko: Now that you mention it... I think there was an announcement about updated music and sound as well...
Rinko: It's so much easier to see what's happening on the screen during a fight too. This update has actually been pretty amazing...
Ako: Yeah, and they posted about it way ahead of time too! I'm so glad we get to play on day one of the update~.
Ako: I mean, work's been busy lately, and things have been pretty hectic with you going off to college and me becoming a second-year, right?
Rinko: Yes... I was so preoccupied with the collab song... that the only bit of NFO I could do was finish dailies...
Ako: Tell me about it~. So let's play as much as we want today! It'll be our reward for finishing our collab song!
Rinko: That would be nice... By the way... a lot of people seem to be talking about our collab song...
Rinko: The other day at college, some people who like Erde approached me... They apparently found out about us because of the collab...
Ako: The same thing happened to me! Students from other classes and even grades have told me how great our song is.
Ako: Some of them have even become Roselia fans!
Rinko: Fufu, having lots of people listen to our music is nice, isn't it?
Rinko: We're probably going to get a lot more opportunities to have... not just our fans, but also other people... hear our music...
Rinko: ...
Ako: ...? Is something wrong, Rin-rin?
Rinko: Um... I was just thinking... that there might be times when people will expect us to conform to their definition of what being "truly Roselia" is... just like the collab...
Ako: Hmm~... I know I said this before... but I don't think we can ever be something we're not.
Ako: We'll make tons of songs, do lots of shows... and keep going along the paths we believe in...
Ako: A Roselia who doesn't just wouldn't be Roselia for me.
Rinko: True... I feel the same way...
Rinko: But... I thought about it again...
Rinko: So long as we belong to an agency and play music for a living... the Roselia that others expect from us will be something we'll have to deal with...
Ako: Rin-rin...
Rinko: Oh... by deal with, I don't, um, mean attempt to satisfy...
Ako: I know. You mean we need to find out how other people see us, right?
Rinko: Mm-hmm... It would be nice if we could pursue music... and take on new challenges... while giving people the Roselia they want...
Rinko: I know how naive and unlikely that is though... Ideals alone won't let us succeed as professionals...
Rinko: Even so, I still want us to always make choices that will let us remain true to who we are...
Rinko: No matter how much our choices make us suffer... I don't want our pride as Roselia... to ever waver...
Ako: Rin-rin...
Rinko: Oh... I'm sorry for suddenly going on about all of that...
Ako: Nuh-uh, don't apologize!
Ako: What you've been saying is the same as NFO.
Rinko: The same as NFO...?
Ako: Yeah, the latest update added new features and changed up the UI, right?
Ako: But NFO is still NFO, and it's just as fun!
Ako: And I think that's 'cause there are parts of NFO that don't change~!
Rinko: Fufu, you might be right...
Rinko: So what we have to do... is slowly update ourselves in our own way... making sure that we don't change what matters to us...
Rinko: Listening to you... reminded me of what Yukina-san said... before the Future World Fes...
Ako: You mean Dark Walker?
Rinko: Yes... If it's to protect the things that we believe make us who we are... there's no darkness that the five of us can't walk through...
Rinko: Together with you... I want to protect what Roselia needs to hold on to... so that we can light the path we have to walk...
Ako: Rin-rin~! That was, like, so cool!
Rinko: O-oh... r-really...?
Ako: Yeah! It was like all boom and super cool and stuff!
Rinko: Fufu... Thank you, Ako-chan...
Ako: I'll do my best with you, so let's always keep being the ultimate team!
Rinko: Of course... Let's do our best together...


<What We Must Hold On To>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Shopping Mall - Book Store]

Rinko: These reference materials might be easier to understand...
Marina: Hm? Hey, Rinko-chan.
Rinko: Hello... Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Are the two of you also here to shop?
Marina: Uh-huh. We came to check out magazines for CiRCLE. What about you?
Rinko: I'm looking for some reference materials I need for an assignment...
Marina: Oh. By the way, you seem even busier than usual.
Marina: Roselia recently did a collab with a fashion brand, right?
Rinko: Yes... It was a very challenging job...
Rinko: And not just challenging... trying even...
Rinko: Especially for Yukina-san. She was stuck between their request and our wants... Her struggle was probably far greater than ours...
Marina: Based on the little bit we heard from Yukina-chan, it sounds like things were really rough.
Rinko: Yes... I even found myself thinking it was better to simply make what was being requested...
Rinko: Yukina-san apparently felt that way too... and she managed to write a song that did just that, but...
Rinko: When I saw the sheet music, I just couldn't think of it as a Roselia song...
Rinko: What made it even worse was the suffering of hers that I felt through the notes...
Marina: I see... That's a really tricky one.
Marina: Prioritize their request too much, and the song stops being yours, but prioritize your identity too much, and you end up further away from what's being asked of you.
Rinko: Yes...
Rinko: However... there's one thing that I realized again... What's inside me must never waver... no matter what...
Marina: What's inside you? Like your core?
Rinko: Yes... My convictions, what makes me who I am... and allows me to be part of Roselia...
Rinko: It's what I need... if I hope to protect the precious things that Roselia must never lose sight of... while being a professional band...
Marina: Protecting what's precious, huh...? I think that's a great idea!
Marina: That desire of yours alone will be enough to help everyone for sure.
Rinko: Marina-san... Thank you very much...
Rinko: Talking to you... has helped me organize my feelings... I'll work even harder now...
Marina: Best of luck! Just make sure you take a break when you need to though.
Rinko: I will... See you both again at CiRCLE then...
