1780_Rinko Shirokane_R5 Sea Breeze and Sunlight

Gacha phrase: This can be our secret...

<Rinko's New Challenge>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Service Area]

Lisa: Phew~. We finally arrived~! Hmm~... Whoa. My body just made a cracking sound! Sayo, did you hear that?
Sayo: I did. It is because your body stiffens when you continuously maintain the same posture. We should rest and loosen up while we can.
Yukina: I must say... this is a rather large service area.
Rinko: Yes... Not only is there a food court, but there are also a lot of... choices for food outside... It's all so lively...
Ako: Mhmm! They've got so many different foods that look so good~! There's ramen, grilled squid, and even yakisoba~!
Sayo: If you eat a lot before you even get to the beach, you will not be able to eat anything once you are there.
Ako: Got it!
Rinko: Ako-chan... You seem to be having a lot of fun...
Ako: Yeah! There was a TV program on service areas, and everything looked so good. So I wanted to look around the shops with everyone this entire time~!
Rinko: Fufu... This is our first time coming here, so it feels... so novel...
Lisa: Well then. We're about halfway to the beach, so let's take a break and grab a quick bite☆
Yukina: Right. Ako, what would you like to eat?
Ako: Huh~? Being asked that makes it hard for me to decide~... Ah, what about that takoyaki shop over there?!
Rinko: There's cheese, green onion, and mayonnaise with spicy cod roe... Fufu... There are so many flavors that sound so good...
Ako: Ah, wait a second...! Mmm~... That smell of fragrant soy sauce and butter... Those grilled onigiri look really good, too~!
Sayo: That store with the crowd of people is for... tornado potatoes...?
Rinko: Ah. I wonder if... it's what that customer over there has... They're pretty big...
Sayo: That is true. There appears to be a variety of flavors... For a size as large as that, one would be sufficient, so I would need to select the flavor carefully...
Yukina: ... There is everything from regular meals to sweets. They certainly have a wide variety. Are those... meat-wrapped onigiri?
Lisa: Fufu. Service area food kinda looks really good, doesn't it? At times like this, it makes you wish you could eat forever~.
Ako: I know what you mean~! I almost want to have everything~.
Rinko: In that case... why don't we each buy something we like... and share a little with each other...?
Lisa: Ooh~, that's our Rinko. What a nice idea~. If we do that, we can have something different, so why not?
Ako: Agreed~! I'm gonna get the grilled onigiri~! That smell of roasted soy sauce... It just has to be good!
Sayo: I will choose the tornado potato. As for its flavor... I find it hard to decide, but I will go with the triple cheese.
Yukina: I'm not too hungry, so I'll search for something light and sweet. What will the two of you do?
Rinko: I haven't decided yet, so... I'll get a table for us first...
Lisa: I'm still mulling it over, too, so I'll grab some seats with her. Let's go, Rinko!
(Black cut)
Lisa: Oh man~. I gotta say, I never would've thought about us coming to a place like this when we were still in high school~.
Rinko: We really have... come a long way... It's all thanks to you and Hikawa-san driving us... Thank you very much...
Lisa: Don't even worry about it☆ Plus, driving has been pretty fun~.
Rinko: Fufu... You were so cool... as you were driving...
Lisa: Ahaha. You're making me blush~. I'm still not used to it, so I was nervous the whole time, but if that's how I looked, that's great~!
Lisa: What about you, Rinko? Are you not gonna get your license?
Rinko: M-me...?! I'm, uh... a little scared...
Lisa: I totally get that~. I'm still nervous about it.
Rinko: I see... But... I may have gotten a little interested... after seeing you and Hikawa-san as you were driving...
Lisa: Huh? Really?!
Rinko: Yes... The two of you... seemed to be having fun as you were driving...
Rinko: Plus... I thought it would be so wonderful... if I could go on a longer trip like we're doing today...
Rinko: But... I can't really... picture myself... driving...
Lisa: You can't? I actually think you'd be suited for it~. You're so calm and watch your surroundings carefully!
Rinko: D-do you... think so...?
Rinko: ... Um... To get your license, you go to driving school first, right...? What kind of things do you do there...?
Lisa: Let me think. First, there's an aptitude test to measure your eyesight and hearing...
Rinko: A-an aptitude... test...
Lisa: I totally get you reacting like that~. I was actually pretty nervous myself...
Lisa: So, after that, you take lessons on traffic rules, the structure of a car, and the like, and then you actually drive around on courses at the school.
Lisa: I was nervous the first time I got in the driver's seat~. And when I put my hands on the steering wheel, I gripped it a little too hard.
Rinko: So even you... got nervous... Uh... When you go driving... are you suddenly left on your own...?
Lisa: Nah. Your driving school instructor watches over you from the passenger seat. I had it rough since mine kept stepping on the breaks as I was practicing~.
Lisa: But... for as hard as it was, when I first practiced on a public road, I was really blown away.
Rinko: Fufu... I'm sure it must be a completely different sight... than seeing it from the back seats...
Lisa: Mhmm♪ Whaddya think? Can you picture it now?
Rinko: Yes... A little bit...
Lisa: If you ever have any problems, I'll help you out. Sayo's sure to give you some advice, too☆
Rinko: Fufu... Right... I feel very reassured with that in mind...
Sayo: Good grief... I did not know what to do when I lost sight of you, Minato-san.
Yukina: There were so many people that I got lost.
Ako: Rin-rin, Lisa-nee, thanks for waiting~! What were you talking about?
Lisa: Fufu. We were talking about how Rinko might get a driver's license☆
Ako: Huh? Really, Rin-rin?!
Rinko: Ah, I'm still... considering it, so... uhh...
Sayo: I think that would be a fine idea. As you are very observant, you seem as though you would be able to drive safely.
Ako: Rin-rin! You gotta take me with you when you go on your first drive!
Ako: I wonder what kind of car you should get~♪ It should definitely be something flashy and cool~.
Rinko: Ako-chan, that's still a long way off...!


<Where My Courage Has Brought Me>

(Character: Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Rinko: Ah, Marina-san... {{userName}}-san... Good afternoon...
Marina: Ah~, Rinko-chan. Hi there...
Rinko: A-are you alright...? You're both carrying... a lot of packages...
Marina: We just finished a shopping run, but there was more to buy than we expected.
Rinko: If you'd like, shall I help you carry them to CiRCLE...?
Marina: Thanks. That would be really helpful, but... are you sure? You must be busy, too.
Rinko: It's okay... My practice finished this morning... And I was planning to go see a concert at CiRCLE right now...
Marina: I see. I guess we'll take you up on the offer then. Thanks.
Marina: ... By the way, you and the others went to the beach the other day, right? We heard about it from Lisa-chan.
Rinko: That's right... We were given one week off, so... we went to a beach that's a little far away...
Rinko: I'm not very good at swimming, but... I tried going in the water that time... I was only sitting in my swim ring, though...
Marina: Fufu. That alone seems like it would be nice.
Rinko: Yes... Also, not only did I go in the ocean... I also tried parasailing...
Marina: Ah, Lisa-chan showed us the photos~. It looked really pleasant.
Marina: But judging from the photo, it looked pretty high, so I bet that would take quite a bit of courage...
Rinko: Right... If it had been long ago... I think I would've just watched everyone else do it...
Rinko: But this time... I mustered up my courage and gave it a try... The wind felt so nice... it made me glad... that I challenged myself...
Marina: Being with the others helps you do things you don't normally do. It sounds like it was worth the long trip out there.
Rinko: Yes... But it's a little strange... I used to be afraid of just going to a live house... But now I'm trying different things and enjoying those challenges...
Marina: Fufu. Seeing you attempting different things motivates me to do my best, too.
Rinko: Thank you very much... I'm actually interested in getting a driver's license as well...
Marina: Were you influenced by Lisa-chan and Sayo-chan?
Rinko: Yes. To get to the beach, we had the two of them drive... and they looked so cool doing it...
Rinko: If I can drive... we can go on a long trip again... and it will also increase our options for getting around... So I thought it might be convenient...
Marina: I see. Are you going to take another small step forward?
Rinko: Uhh... I still haven't... decided to get it, but... I will try thinking about it... proactively...
Marina: If you wouldn't mind my help, ask me anything.
Rinko: Thank you... very much... Ah. In that case, I'd like to ask you something right away...
