110_Lisa Imai_R2 Desire To Protect

<Matching Accessories>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Ahh~, that gig was so much fun!
Yukina: That's all you've been saying for the last hour or so.
Lisa: C'mon, you saw how excited everyone was! It's impossible to not feel like this!
Lisa: You had a great time too, right Yukina?
Yukina: ... True, I won't deny it.
Yukina: I'm glad we played my father's song... and that I could sing it.
Lisa: Yeah! It's so nice to see you smiling like this♪
Yukina: Don't tease me.
Lisa: I'm not! I really mean it.
Lisa: ... Ooh, there's an accessory shop.
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. Let get something matching for the band to commemorate the gig!
Yukina: To commemorate it...?
Lisa: (I know she won't be interested, but still...)
Yukina: ... I guess it can't hurt.
Lisa: Right? It's not like it... Huh?
Lisa: No way! A-are you serious?
Yukina: Why are you so surprised? You're the one who suggested it.
Lisa: I know, but... I didn't think you'd actually say yes.
Lisa: (O-oh man... I'm ready to squeal!)
Lisa: Okay, let's go in then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: There's so much to choose from. I wonder what we should get♪
Lisa: Oh, don't you think Ako would like this bracelet? I guess it'll get in the way when she's playing the drums though~.
Lisa: Ooh, this necklace is so Sayo!
Lisa: This hair accessory would probably suit Rinko...
Yukina: Lisa... Didn't we come in here to get something for the band?
Lisa: Ahaha, my bad.
Lisa: When I come to places like this, I always think about what would suit who, or who should wear what. I just can't help it♪
Yukina: ... If anyone's going to do something like that, it's you.
Yukina: Oh...
Yukina: (This rose accessory... How cute...)
Lisa: Hm? Did you find something?
Yukina: Yeah. What do you think...?
Lisa: Hey, that's pretty cute. Do you wanna go with that one?
Yukina: Yeah.
Lisa: (She looks happy...)
Lisa: (Yukina has been playing music all this time just to settle her father's score, but...)
Lisa: (Since starting this band, I can see she's starting to change. I'm so glad to see her smile.)
Yukina: ... Why are you staring at me?
Lisa: Oh~, I was just thinking that you look happy.
Yukina: Excuse me...?
Lisa: It was just a thought, that's all!
Lisa: Yukina. Let's wear this accessory when we play our next gig!
Yukina: Sure... We can give everyone theirs at practice next time.
Lisa: Sounds like a plan♪


<Encouragement>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

Lisa: Hmm, which strings should I go with? I could just use my usual ones, but it could be good to try something new...
Lisa: ... Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't looking where I was going...
Lisa: ... Huh? {{userName}}-san! Are you doing some shopping too?
Lisa: I need some new bass strings, but I'm feeling indecisive...
Lisa: Which ones do you think I should get, {{userName}}-san?
Lisa: Ooh, these ones? I was actually thinking about trying these. Okay, gimme a second♪
Lisa: Yeah, that's right. We're practicing at the studio after this~. Tomorrow, and the next day too!
Lisa: We sound extra motivated? You're not wrong~.
Lisa: After our last gig, it's like everyone's power levels have been turned up a notch♪
Lisa: The last song we played at our gig... It was actually one of Yukina's father's songs.
Lisa: It seems like she went through a lot thinking about that song...
Lisa: She said she didn't feel she should sing her father's song, because of how she feels inside about music and everything....
Lisa: I really love that serious, pure side of her... It's what makes her who she is. Fufu, some things haven't changed at all.
Lisa: ... So I told her that. I just wanted to try and give her a push in the right direction.
Lisa: She made the decision to sing her father's song.
Lisa: Her voice was so powerful that day... I could feel the fire in her. It was kind of a relief for me, you know?
Lisa: I felt like a little bit of Yukina's hesitation towards music got washed away. And if the band and I played even just a little part in that, I couldn't be happier.
Lisa: I'm going to keep being there for Yukina.
Lisa: It'd be kinda cool if you could do the same for the rest of us, {{userName}}-san.
Lisa: ... Okay, it's a promise!
