155_Lisa Imai_R2 Connected Pair

<Tanabata With Yukina>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Studio]

Yukina: We have to hurry and decide on the next time we'll need the studio.
Lisa: Why don't we book next week for now? Let's try to relax this week.
Lisa: (If we don't, we won't be able to go to the festival)
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. Will you go to the Star Festival with me?
Yukina: Star Festival? The one they hold downtown every year...?
Lisa: Yeah, that's the one☆ I was talking to Sayo about it earlier. What do you think?
Yukina: ... I can't really deal with crowds. The Star Festival is always packed, right?
Lisa: Ah... Right, you don't like being around too many people.
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry. I just got caught up in the excitement.
Lisa: Okay, forget about everything I just said! Alright, why don't we head out?
Yukina: ...
Yukina: ... I can't deal with crowds, but I didn't say I wouldn't go.
Lisa: Huh? O-okay, so...!
Yukina: ... Let's choose a time and place to meet.
Lisa: Ah... Yeah♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Weekend]

[Downtown]

Yukina: ... So many people.
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. I think something is about to happen over there. Everyone's got their cameras ready...
Lisa: Oh, it's a parade! Yukina, look! They're marching over there!
Yukina: Where? I can't see over the crowd.
Lisa: Uhm, how about we go this way? I think we'll be able to see from there. Yukina, come on...!
Yukina: Ah... Lisa, wait!
(Black cut)
Lisa: Would you look at that~♪ I knew if we were standing here we'd have a good view, Yuki-
Lisa: Huh? Yukina...?
Lisa: Y-Yukina~, where are you? Wha- Did I lose her?!
Lisa: Wh-what do I do now?! ... Gotta message her. Where's my phone...?
Lisa: No way~! It's dead?! Ugh, of all times to run out of battery...
Lisa: And there's no way I can find her with all of these people walking around...
Lisa: Yukina... What would you do in this situation? Hmm, if I were you...
(Black cut)
Yukina: ... I can't believe we got separated.
Yukina: I sent her a message already, but she hasn't responded... But she always answers right away. I wonder if she's okay...
Yukina: I hope nothing happened to her... No, I can't think like that.
Yukina: Waiting here won't solve anything. I gotta look for her...
Yukina: Lisa... Where would you go at a time like this...? Where would you be waiting...?
Yukina: Ah... There is one place that comes to mind...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Lisa: Yukina! There you are!
Yukina: ... Lisa. Great... I thought you would come here.
Lisa: I was actually wondering where you would go too♪ Ehehe, they don't call us best friends for nothing☆
Yukina: ... I see.
Yukina: (We were thinking the exact same thing... Lisa really knows me well.)
Lisa: We haven't been to this park in a while~. We would always come here after the Star Festival once we got tired so we could sit and chat.
Yukina: Yeah... It does bring back memories.
Lisa: Alright, now that we're back together, why don't we try this again? Star Festival, round two~. Start☆ C'mon, Yukina♪


<A Talk With Hina>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Headed home, huh? Awesome!
Lisa: Oh, hey. If you have some free time, let's talk for a bit!
Lisa: Some pretty interesting stuff happened recently that I'd like to tell you about.
Lisa: So the other day, Hina came to me and told me how she wanted to go to the Star Festival with Sayo.
Lisa: And I thought, I gotta help her out. So I planned to casually bring that up in conversation with Sayo, but...
Lisa: Didn't really work out as planned. It made me feel like maybe I shouldn't be so nosy.
Lisa: I was super worried because I didn't know whether Hina was able to convince Sayo to go...
Lisa: But when we got back to school, Hina was looking all happy 'cause they actually got to go together!
Lisa: I wonder if I helped them out at all...
Lisa: But she was in such a good mood that I started to feel it too!
Lisa: Maybe I was being too nosy, but I think I might have pushed Sayo just enough to make a difference...♪
Lisa: Of course, I went to the festival too! It's only once a year, after all!
Lisa: I invited Yukina, and we had a lot of fun~!!
Lisa: So in the end, everyone had a good time and made some new memories at the Star Festival☆
Lisa: Next year, you should check it out too, {{userName}}-san. It's crowded, but it's totally awesome!
Lisa: There are booths, a parade, and the decorations will really knock your socks off♪
Lisa: ... Oops, looks like I babbled on for long enough. Thanks for listening♪ Alright, see ya~!
