259_Lisa Imai_R2 A Crucial Member

<New Cookie Recipe>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Studio]

Lisa: Alrighty, tuning is all done♪ Let's make today's rehearsal a good one, Yukina!
Yukina: Yes, of course. I actually have a song I want us to complete by today, so we have to focus and...
Lisa: ... Hm? What, what? What happened?
Yukina: No, nothing. I was just thinking about how you baked cookies for us again.
Lisa: Ah~, ahaha, you mean this bag? I thought maybe we could all have some during our break.
Lisa: I am a tiny bit worried about this new recipe though.
Yukina: New recipe? Did you mess it up?
Lisa: No no no, of course I wouldn't bring them if I messed them up!
Lisa: Sometimes I like to try making something new, so I got all excited and baked these!
Lisa: Ah, and Ako asked if I could make her favorite, so I brought some caramel cookies as well☆
Yukina: That Ako... So she snuck in a request...
Lisa: It's just that I'm not really sure what you guys will think about this new batch.
Yukina: Seeing as how you made them, I don't think you have to worry, but... what kind of cookies are they?
Lisa: Do you know what flapjacks are?
Yukina: Blackjack?
Lisa: Ahaha! That's exactly the kind of response I expected!
Yukina: ... Wouldn't anyone respond like that?
Lisa: Mhm, yep. I know exactly what you mean! That's the same thing I thought when I first heard the name!
Yukina: W-well, what kind of cookie is it?
Lisa: So flapjacks are actually a British snack. These cookies are made of oatmeal, butter and syrup.
Yukina: Oatmeal? That's not something I eat very often... So you can make cookies out of those kinds of ingredients, huh?
Lisa: The cookie world is a lot deeper than you'd expect~.
Lisa: But I guess flapjacks would be something that's pretty unfamiliar to people here.
Lisa: Still, I saw that it's a healthy snack with a lot of nutrients, and there was a recipe for it, so I thought it'd make for a good cookie.
Lisa: ... I say that but I still haven't even tried them, so I'm not all that confident that they came out well...
Lisa: ... Oh, I know! Yukina! Could you try one before I give them to the others?
Yukina: Me?
Lisa: Mhm, I want to get your opinion beforehand. If you can't say whether it's good or not, I might have to reconsider whether I give them out.
Yukina: ... If you say so... Sure
Lisa: You're such a big help~! Alright, here you go! Eat up!
Yukina: Okay. Thank you.
Lisa: ... H-how is it? Is it good?
Yukina: You don't have to be so stressed out. I knew it would be before I ate it, but yes, it's quite good.
Lisa: Really? Whew~, thank goodness! I feel so~ much better!
Yukina: I told you, didn't I? Since you made them yourself, there's nothing to worry about. I'm sure everyone else will be happy with them.
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks☆ I'm feeling a bit more confident, all thanks to you!
Lisa: I can't wait to see their faces when they eat these~♪
Yukina: Being excited is fine and all, but before you get to that, I need you to focus on rehearsal.


<A Gift for Sayo>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Edogawa Music]

Lisa: Ah~! {{userName}}-san, hey hey~☆
Lisa: Perfect timing! I wanna ask your opinion on something!
Lisa: ... Mhm! So actually, I got a message from Hina saying she wants to give Sayo a guitar strap!
Lisa: And so, I came to do some looking around for her☆ Which one do you think would be good?
Lisa: It seemed like something was going on between those two a little while ago, but looking at Hina now, I get the sense that things have gotten better♪
Lisa: But, that's something between those two girls, so it's not like I asked them much about it.
Lisa: ... Mhm. Sayo's playing sounds really good too☆
Lisa: I guess you could say it feels like they overcame something.
Lisa: It might seem like I'm putting my nose where it doesn't belong, but that makes me happy, as if it's something that happened to me♪
Lisa: ... You know, Sayo actually asked me once if she could come to me for help if something was up with Hina...
Lisa: But, it feels like they've been able to get along really well lately, and I didn't even have to get involved. What a relief!
Lisa: But, I'd still like to do something to help those two out.
Lisa: ... Ah, that's right! Which strap do you think Sayo would like, {{userName}}-san?
Lisa: ... What?! That one?! What a great find they had hidden back here! This could be great!
Lisa: Excuse me~, clerk~♪ I want to show this to my friend~. Can I take a picture of it~? ... I can?! Thank you~☆
Lisa: Alright, I'm gonna get my phone to take a picture. Can you hold it up?
Lisa: Got it! Now to send to Hina...
Lisa: Okay~!
Lisa: This is the only thing I can do for them at the moment☆
Lisa: ... Nope, I'm actually gonna stay here and look around a bit more! See if I can find something good!
Lisa: {{userName}}-san, thanks for your help!
