281_Lisa Imai_R4 Serious Business

Gacha phrase: I wonder if there's something more I can do for us.

<Lyrics You'll Want to Sing>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Walking Home From Work - Lisa's Neighborhood]

Lisa: (I wonder if they all took a look at my message~.)
Lisa: (They'd be totally shocked if I brought the lyrics to our next rehearsal. No doubt about it♪)
Lisa: (But... Thinking about how carefully Yukina and Sayo would look over it does make me a bit nervous...)
Yukina: ... Welcome home, Lisa.
Lisa: Oh, Yukina? What are you doing in front of my house?
Yukina: I've been waiting for you. Hope work went well.
Lisa: It did, thanks♪ Sorry to make you wait~... Hold on, did we have something planned?
Yukina: You sent out that message about your lyrics, right? And you said you wanted our opinions on it, so I thought I'd come by...
Lisa: Huh?! W-well, uhh~...
Lisa: (There's no way I thought it would happen this soon! I'm not ready...!)
Lisa: D-does it really have to be right now~?
Yukina: ... Why not? You're the one who sent out the message.
Lisa: Y-yeah~, I know that, but... it's just... I thought it'd be nice if we could do it the next time Roselia gets together...
Yukina: ... Oh? Okay then...
Lisa: (Ah...)
Lisa: (What am I doing...? Yukina came and waited just for me, and yet...)
Yukina: Forget what I just said. See you tomorrow at school...
Lisa: W-wait, Yukina! Just give me a second to mentally prepare myself!
Yukina: Mental prep?
Lisa: M-mhm... I guess you can say I'm feeling nervous about showing them to anyone because it's my first time writing...
Lisa: Not to mention, you'd be the one looking at them, right? So my heart is totally out of control right now.
Yukina: B-but is that really something you should be nervous about?
Lisa: Yes, it is! I've never done this before...
Lisa: And like I said, I haven't had a chance to prepare myself because I thought I would show you guys the lyrics during our next rehearsal.
Yukina: So that's what it is... Why'd you write them in secret though? That's something I could have helped you out with if you had asked...
Lisa: But I wanted to surprise you♪
Yukina: ... And you did, that's for sure.
Yukina: Did you write them on your own?
Lisa: Nope! I asked a bunch of people about how they go about it, and I tried using that as a reference.
Lisa: And I gave this lyric-writing contest a shot as well... What a grand failure that was.
Yukina: Oh... That's too bad.
Lisa: ... Yeah, that was really upsetting. It was like, "I gave it everything I had, so why~?!" You know?
Yukina: Lisa...
Lisa: But actually, even though that was so frustrating, writing lyrics was just as fun~.
Lisa: I discovered so many different things! Like, "so this is what my thought process looks like! Interesting!" I realized a lot of things like that☆
Lisa: And so, that's why I want to continue practicing.
Lisa: Then, one day, I'll write something that everyone in Roselia will want to sing! You'll see!
Lisa: ... Ah, I say that, but with my current skill, I think it'll be a long time before that happens... Ahaha...
Yukina: ...
Yukina: Lisa... I'll be looking forward to that day.
Yukina: However, keeping that in mind, allow me to say this.
Yukina: Roselia will not settle for half-baked melodies or lyrics.
Lisa: Mhm... I know that. And what I'm writing now isn't suitable for Roselia.
Lisa: That's why I'll keep on writing and learn to create even better lyrics. So good that even you'll approve! I'll show you!
Lisa: You just watch, Yukina! One day, I'll write a song that'll know your socks off!
Lisa: And then, I'll have you sing it. Of course, the band playing will be none other than Roselia!
Yukina: ... The next time you write something, you can feel free to ask for my advice.
Lisa: O-okay! Thanks, Yukina! Alright then, next time I won't hesitate to come to you☆
Yukina: Fufu. So? Are you done getting mentally prepared?
Lisa: A-am I prepared...? Uh-uhm~...
Yukina: I understand. In that case, why don't we all look at it together at our next rehearsal?
Lisa: S-sorry, Yukina.
Yukina: It's fine... Besides, I was the same way the first time I wrote my own lyrics too. I understand how you feel.
Lisa: A-are you serious?!
Yukina: I'll be looking forward to it. See ya.
Lisa: Mhm!


<Challenging Yourself>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Lisa: Wow~, I can't believe there are this many types of roses~! Gardening is so interesting~... Wait, this isn't right.
Lisa: I got completely distracted by this gardening stuff... But, hmm~... This isn't really doing it for me...
Lisa: ... Yes? Someone said my name...? Oh, {{userName}}-san!
Lisa: What a coincidence, seeing you here~♪Here to buy some band magazines?
Lisa: Oh, this? It's a magazine on how to grow roses. It caught my eye, so I gave it a quick read, but it seems to be a bit different than the image I was hoping for☆
Lisa: Yeah... Well, actually... It's not so much that there's something I'm looking for. It's more like I'm looking for something that I want to look for, I guess...
Lisa: But I can't really find anything that makes me think, "This is it!"
Lisa: I did think that this might be the one after seeing the picture of the rose on the front cover. Sigh, time to look for a different book...
Lisa: ... Ah, sorry. I know all of that probably sounded odd to you.
Lisa: The truth is I tried my hand at writing lyrics the other day, but I was worried about what theme I would use if I decided to write another song.
Lisa: Ah, surprised, huh? Ahaha, of course you are! Here I am, suddenly writing lyrics☆
Lisa: One of the reasons I decided to give it a shot was that I thought it was a way for me to support Yukina... and Roselia more.
Lisa: Though, when I actually tried, I couldn't even write a word~! It was super hard!
Lisa: Have you ever written lyrics? No? Yeah~, I hadn't either!
Lisa: That's why I went around asking people how they go about writing theirs. I talked to Ran, Kasumi, Kokoro and Misaki!
Lisa: As for Yukina... I didn't want to rely on her. Depending on the person you want to help is just... kinda wrong, don't you think?
Lisa: But actually, it wasn't only Yukina I didn't tell. I kept it a secret from everyone in Roselia. Yep, the main reason was that I wanted to surprise them! Ahaha♪
Lisa: The way everyone writes lyrics? So Ran, Kasumi, and Kokoro and Misaki all have completely different methods~! Isn't that interesting!
Lisa: So I thought I'd figure out my own way of doing things by learning from them♪
Lisa: Kind of like the best of all worlds, ahaha☆
Lisa: And with that, I kept in mind everything I heard from them, and I was able to finish a song...
Lisa: I took that song and entered it into a contest... Hm, wait... I didn't mention the lyric-writing contest?!
Lisa: I just happened to come across it when I was looking up how to write lyrics on the internet! Apparently, it's a relatively competitive international competition.
Lisa: Though~... I did end up losing...
Lisa: Oh man, I didn't even stand a chance. I took a look at the winner's submission afterward, and it was amazing. My lyrics were nowhere as good.
Lisa: But writing itself was really enjoyable, so I'm glad I did it!
Lisa: Huh? No, there's nothing incredible about that! Besides, isn't trying out new things fun?
Lisa: If you seriously challenge yourself, you can discover so many new things♪ Wouldn't we call that growth? And it really gets the blood pumping, doesn't it?
Lisa: That's why I think just challenging yourself is really important!
Lisa: That's what I felt when I tried writing lyrics. And for that reason, I want to keep writing as well!
Lisa: Even Yukina said she'd like to see me continue trying♪
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks for your support~♪ I'm gonna keep doing my best so that one day, we'll be able to perform a song that I wrote!
Lisa: And I'll show you! I'll create something that the members of Roselia, other bands, the contest judges, and even you acknowledge☆
Lisa: But first, I need a little help, {{userName}}-san. What do you think would make a good theme for my next song?
Lisa: Ah~, yeah. I already used Roselia as the theme for my first song...
Lisa: Ah, yeah! Different faces of Roselia... For example, where we're headed or something like that could be interesting!
Lisa: Alright, then what about forming of friendships...? In which case, short novels about youth would be a good reference point!
Lisa: Thanks, {{userName}}-san~! That was a really helpful hint!
Lisa: I'm gonna go take a look!
Lisa: The bookstore in front of the station will have so many more books than this place!
Lisa: I'm sure if I go there, I'll be able to find something☆
Lisa: You were a big help today! Thanks! Alright, see ya later!
