365_Lisa Imai_R3 Novice Healer

<My Costume>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Departure Village]

RinRin (Rinko): Okay, everyone has an understanding of the basic controls. Now what should we do, Ako-chan?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Let's show them around town! It can be useful to know where stores like the curio shop are.
Lisa: Hey, guys. Are there any clothing stores?
RinRin (Rinko): There aren't, but we do have armor shops （☆ω☆*）
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Lisa-nee, do you want to change your equipment?
Lisa: I don't know if I'd say that. It's just that my look is the only one that seems kinda off, no?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You think? I feel like it's perfect for a healer, and it's cute!
RinRin (Rinko): I agree with Ako-chan! It captures everything great about that class (*･▽･*)
Lisa: Hmm~, but this outfit is kinda loose... Or rather, it's a bit different from what I usually like to wear...
Lisa: The sleeves are really long, and it's not really the easiest to walk in. Not to mention this weird thing I'm wearing on my head. I mean, I'd understand if it was raining, but it's so beautiful outside.
Lisa: And the color is a bit plain, I guess...? I'd gladly change into something else if I could.
Lisa: Also, this thing I'm holding... What... is it? A wooden stick?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's called a wooden staff! Healers can only use weapons from the staff category!
Lisa: Oh~, really? You know, I don't exactly feel like a wooden staff is all that reliable of a weapon though... I wonder if this will be enough.
RinRin (Rinko): Actually, the max-rank healer weapon looks so, so, so cool (･-･*)♪
Lisa: Max-rank weapon... I just started, so I'm guessing I have a long way to go until I can have it?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): There's no way you could get it right away! It's crazy hard to get to that point!
Lisa: Seriously~...? That means I'll be stuck with this outfit and staff for a while then, huh~...?
Lisa: ... Oh, I'm so sorry! I know you chose this class just for me, Ako! And I'm looking forward to playing, too. I just couldn't help but wonder...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Don't worry, it's fine! You just care about how you look. I totally get it.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): That's why we should start by going to the armor shop!
RinRin (Rinko): It can be fun to try out looks that are different from the standard outfit (ﾟ▽ﾟ*)
Lisa: Really? 'Kay, I'll take a look☆
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Nothing in this village costs a lot, so you should be able to get a new set of equipment using your starter bonus and the reward from clearing the last quest we did!
Lisa: Hm? How do I do this? I can't walk into the store...
RinRin (Rinko): Try talking to the person standing in front of it.
Lisa: Uhm, like this? Ah, look at all of these. Okay~, so this is how you browse.
RinRin (Rinko): Once you find something you like, you can go ahead and buy it (*´∨`*)
Lisa: Hmm~... Nothing's really catching my eye though...
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): This is still the beginning of the game, so you're not gonna be able to get anything too amazing.
Lisa: Ah, hey. What about the character that was at the edge of the screen a second ago?! That's a healer, right?
Lisa: She was really cute! And that outfit was totally my style!
RinRin (Rinko): She likely spent a lot of money on that (-∧-；)
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): The people who can get awesome equipment like that either have played for a really long time, or spend actual money to get in-game items.
Lisa: You have to spend real money...?
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Oh, but if you progress through the game, you can get much cuter gear! Getting the super expensive stuff is hard though.
Lisa: Interesting, so you can still get those things without paying? With a system like that, I think I'd be able to enjoy this game too!
RinRin (Rinko): You can even change the style and color of your hair （*￣＾￣*）
Lisa: This is my first time playing a game like this, but I have to say, it's awesome that fashion is a part of the fun!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Mhm, mhm, there are even people who play mostly to collect new clothes and equipment! And sometimes, those people have fashion shows!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): And there are other players who have goals like that too! Like in-game farmers!
Lisa: Farmers?! Wait, in the game world?
RinRin (Rinko): NFO has a flourishing farming industry, and vegetables can be used for a variety of things.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): You can make them into potions, you can eat them raw... There are even chefs who will buy them and turn them into meals that they can sell!
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): Eating those meals can have lots of different effects, like making monsters drop items more easily, or making it easier to gain experience points!
Lisa: At first, this place didn't feel that realistic. You got your healers, bards, and all these classes I don't understand...
Lisa: But you also have chefs and farmers. I'm starting to feel like it's not that different from the real world.
Demon Princess Ako (Ako): The more popular chefs hire part-timers too! And those people collect ingredients in place of the chef.
Lisa: What?! They have part-time jobs too? Man, games nowadays really blow my mind~...
RinRin (Rinko): And just like the real world, if you want to buy something, you have to have the money first (｀･ω･´)
Lisa: I see, I see. Yeah, the clothes I tend to like are usually a bit expensive.
Lisa: So that means to truly enjoy the fashion in this world, you have to work for it, huh? I guess it's just like the real world after all~.


<Do I Seem Like a Healer?>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! I know this is kinda sudden, but do I seem like a healer to you?
Marina: Uhhh, a healer... What's that?
Lisa: Ah, right. That's not something you would just know. So the other day, we all played one of those computer games together.
Lisa: In it, you decide on a job of sorts, and that's when Ako said I seem like I would be a healer.
Lisa: I don't know much about it, but basically, it's kind of a doctor-like person who can heal people who have been injured.
Marina: Interesting~, they have stuff like that in video games too, huh?
Lisa: Mhm, they do. The healer also provides energy when you're running low, and they can remove poison from your body.
Marina: Wow! So kind of like actual doctors.
Lisa: Yeah... Does that mean she was trying to say that I'd make a good doctor?
Marina: Hmm~, I'm not sure about all of this game stuff, but I feel like you'd make a better nurse than a doctor.
Lisa: A nurse, huh? And {{userName}}-san's nodding along. Do I really seem like the type...?
Marina: Yep, mhm. You definitely do, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: Why do you say that?
Marina: Let's see~. I guess it's because you're good at looking after people? Or rather, you're very caring, you know? Doesn't that seem like something you'd need for being a nurse?
Lisa: Ahaha... Yeah, I don't think I can disagree with you there.
Marina: Mhm. Yeah, I think what I'm saying is on the right track then!
Lisa: I don't know though~. I wonder if I'm really that much like a nurse. You're definitely exaggerating a bit.
Marina: But you are. It feels like you're everyone's big sister! You agree, right?
Lisa: If {{userName}}-san agrees, maybe that means other people think the same way... Everyone's big sister~. Hm~.
Marina: You don't like being thought of that way?
Lisa: Well, I don't have a problem with it. Actually, I kinda like the sound of that.
Marina: Oh, that's good. I think Ako-chan might have decided you were like a healer because she was thinking about how you resemble an older sister.
Lisa: I see. Yeah, and playing as one was pretty fun, too!
Lisa: Alright, okay... A nurse, huh? Maybe I'll add that to my list of possible futures♪
Marina: I'm sure everyone would love Nurse Lisa. You'd get along so well with the patients.
Lisa: And I could help them with their rehabilitation, and make sure they're not feeling sick... Wow, just the idea of it sounds fun!
Marina: Not only that, but doctors don't really get to create that kind of relationship with patients, you know? I think nurses spend more time doing that sort of thing. I bet you'd really enjoy it.
Lisa: Ah, okay. So if either of you is ever sick, I'll be right there to take care of you!
Lisa: I'm just messing around. But thanks to you two, I learned something interesting~.
Lisa: Now, instead of only being a healer in the game world, I can think about becoming one in the real world☆
