523_Lisa Imai_R4 Communication Level MAX

Gacha phrase: Then Lisa-sensei will give you a special lesson!

<New Friendships>

(Character: Chisato Shirasagi, Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Hmhmhmm~♪
Lisa: My friend group keeps getting bigger and bigger~. I heard Rimi and Himari were hanging out the other day, and Ran and Arisa said they're going to the gardening center.
Lisa: Nothing like making new friends... Mmm~, that sounds amazing! Maybe I should take this chance to get to know some of the people in the other bands myself.
Lisa: That being said, I already know everyone pretty well~. Who could I get closer too~?
Lisa: Oh? Is that... Chisato? Perfect timing!
Lisa: Hey~, Chisato!
Chisato: Yes? How may I help you? ... Oh? Fufu. If it isn't Lisa-chan. Hello.
Lisa: Oho, so this is what an entertainer is like...! I was not expecting that.
Chisato: I'm sorry. If the person calling out to me happens to be a fan, it might be considered rude for me to greet them so informally.
Chisato: So I try to be aware of how I respond to people when I'm out in public.
Lisa: Wow... That sounds rough.
Chisato: I've been in the entertainment industry for a long time, so I suppose it just comes naturally to me now...
Chisato: I'm actually more surprised when the person calling out to me turns out to be a friend of mine. I'm very sorry, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: It's totally fine! It's nothing you have to apologize for.
Lisa: By the way, are you free right now? I was on my way to go shopping and was wondering if you'd like to come with me.
Lisa: Ah...! Wait, are you on your way to work? I'm sorry, I should have asked...!
Chisato: No, today's my day off. Thank you very much for the invitation. I'd love to.
Lisa: Really?! That's great~! Shopping mall, here we come♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: I'm so glad I ran into you today. You showed up at just the right time~.
Chisato: Fufu, surely it's not that big of a deal.
Lisa: Of course it is! I mean, you and I talk whenever we see each other, but we don't really know one another, right? I was just thinking how I'd like to learn more about you~♪
Chisato: While I appreciate the sentiment... I'm not as interesting as you may think.
Lisa: Come on, that's not true! There are so many things I've wanted to ask you~.
Chisato: I have a lot of questions myself.
Lisa: You mean for me? Like what?
Chisato: Like Roselia's performance techniques. What kind of exercises should we be doing to make that level of music?
Lisa: Uhm... Well... I don't think our practices are any different from everyone else's...
Lisa: Plus, you guys all have your jobs as idols too. You must be busy.
Chisato: Yes, but I don't want to use my lack of time as an excuse. We all have school, and some of you even have jobs too. Yet, everyone has such solid skills.
Chisato: Lisa-chan, would it be alright if we practiced together sometime?
Chisato: I've still got so much to learn as a bassist... I'd greatly appreciate any advice you could offer me.
Lisa: Huh?! Me?! I don't know if I'd call myself much of a teacher...
Lisa: Although, playing with someone from another band would definitely be a good experience. So why don't we go to the studio sometime?!
Chisato: Thank you. I'll make sure to study your techniques.
Lisa: Oh, come on, I don't have anything you can study...
Lisa: Let's just focus on having a good time. You don't want to be too serious either.
Chisato: Fufu, I suppose that's true. Uhm, there's something else I wanted to ask. May I?
Lisa: Sure! Go ahead!
Chisato: I've never really talked to Yukina-chan... What is she like? You've known her for a long time, correct?
Lisa: We're childhood friends, so I've known her the longest out of anyone!
Lisa: Yukina, huh...? I'm sure you can tell just by looking at her, but she's a little hard to approach at first.
Lisa: Ah, once you do though, she gets so much cuter!  You really should talk to her if you have the chance!
Lisa: No one's as serious about music as she is, so she might seem a little intimidating, but she's harmless!
Lisa: Yukina could learn something about professionalism from Pastel＊Palettes too, so I'd love to see you guys interact more~.
Chisato: Fufu, Lisa-chan, you get so excited talking about Yukina-chan.
Lisa: Huh?! D-do I...?
Chisato: I'm a little jealous. It must be nice to have someone who knows so much about you.
Lisa: Hold on~, aren't you and Kaoru childhood friends? You've called her "Kao-chan" before...
Chisato: I-I don't see any problem with it! It's just Kaoru.
Chisato: ... I'm going to buy this! I'll be right back.
Lisa: Huh?! W-wait, Chisato~! And~... she's gone.
(Black cut)
Chisato: Thank you again for inviting me along today. We should do this again sometime. I had a lot of fun.
Lisa: Me too! It was great talking to you!
Chisato: I suppose I should get going now. I'll see you later.
Lisa: Yup! Next time we see each other, it'll be at the studio! I can't wait. Later~!
(Black cut)
Lisa: ... That was fun~. I wonder if I can get her and Yukina to hang out sometime~.
Lisa: ... Wait a minute!  That's not what I wanted!
Lisa: I was trying to learn more about Chisato, but all I did was talk about myself...!!
Lisa: I never got a chance to ask Chisato anything~. I didn't expect her to be such a good listener~.
Lisa: Still, this just makes me wanna get to know her all the more. I'll get her to spill the beans next time for sure~!


<My Precious Friends>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Oh! This is great!
Marina: Fufu, you sound happy, Lisa-chan. Something good must have shown up on that phone of yours.
Lisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Yeah, my friends and I finally decided when we're going to hang out next!
Marina: Oh, you and Roselia, right?
Lisa: Nope. This time, it's with Ran and Himari. Oh, Rimi and Arisa are joining us too!
Marina: I can understand Ran-chan and Himari-chan, but Arisa-chan and Rimi-chan are gonna be there too...? That's not a group you see every day.
Lisa: Ahaha, true! Lately, they've been getting along great though.
Lisa: Things were a little awkward at first, but nowadays, they're messaging each other and doing all sorts of stuff together. So we decided we should hang out again sometime, the five of us♪
Marina: I see. And that's what's making you so happy, right?
Lisa: Yup. My friends are getting along with each other, which means everyone's friend group just got bigger! Isn't that amazing?!
Lisa: All my friends are so cute and wonderful. They're great people too.
Lisa: Ah, when I say 'cute', I don't just mean their appearances, of course. I'm talking about their personalities too. Like with Yukina.
Lisa: She's got this cold air about her, but every once in a while her true personality shines through. Isn't that kind of adorable?
Lisa: My friends are all so precious to me! And seeing them get along makes me so proud~.
Marina: Having that much pride in your friends is a great thing, Lisa-chan. You really care about them, don't you?
Lisa: Yeah, they're my pride and joy. It's thanks to them that every day is so much fun♪
Marina: I've heard people talk about how friends are the treasures of the heart, and I think that sums up your feelings pretty well, don't you?
Lisa: Treasures of the heart, huh...? Ahaha! Then that means my heart is really rolling in the dough☆
Marina: Fufu, that's for sure! You're so lucky, Lisa-chan~!
Lisa: Come on, when you say it like that, it's embarrassing for me, you know.
Lisa: I've always had a lot of friends... But I think that number has only increased since I joined my band.
Lisa: ... That being said, I've only started feeling that way recently.
Lisa: Unlike the other bands, everyone in Roselia didn't always get along...
Lisa: Yukina and I have known each other forever, so I know how to talk to her. People like Sayo are a little harder, though. I had no idea how to approach her.
Lisa: In the beginning, we would never hang out, even after practice...
Lisa: Nowadays though, we're going places together all the time, even outside the studio... I'm proud to say that we're finally all friends.
Lisa: Well... Yukina and Sayo are still pretty hard to get to know, though. They're both good people, and cute to boot, so I'd like it if more people got to see that side of them.
Lisa: Ah... That's it! I should ask Arisa and Rimi if they want to hang out, and then I can invite Yukina and Sayo along as well!
Marina: That's a pretty interesting pairing... What in the world would they talk about? Fufu, I can't even imagine.
Lisa: Ahaha, me either. I'm sure it'd be tons of fun though~.
Lisa: Alright, once I finish my solo practice, I'll give everyone a call!
