551_Lisa Imai_R3 A Declaration of War

Gacha phrase: So don't expect me to be so easygoing this time around.

<Squishy>

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Lisa: ("I can't only play nice"...)
Lisa: (I tried my best to sound cool, but maybe that was too harsh~? Hmmm. I really do believe that it's important this time around, though~...)
Lisa: Hmmm~...
Hina: Yo~, Lisa-chi~! It's about time to head to our next class~!
Lisa: Whoa! Totally slipped my mind! You're a lifesaver, Hina!
Hina: Hm...?
Lisa: ...? What is it?
Hina: You alright, Lisa-chi? That's a pretty intense face you're making.
Lisa: Huh? Nothing wrong over here~! Was my expression really that strange?
Hina: I'll say. It was like... squishy?
Lisa: Hahaha! Oh, was it now? I better pay more attention!
Hina: ... Just kidding. I actually can't say how, but I know for a fact that something is bothering you!
Lisa: I said I'm fine~.
Hina: No use trying to hide it from me~. Sis has been acting weird lately, and I'm sure the two are related~.
Lisa: Sayo's acting weird? How so?
Hina: Hm, it's like she's all full of kaboom. Can't be held back, with energy pouring out all over the place.
Lisa: Who, Sayo?! That doesn't sound like her at all!
Hina: I know, right?! That's why I tried asking her what the deal is~. "Sis, why are you being all kaboom everywhere lately?"
Lisa: You really asked her that, huh? What was her answer?
Hina: "That's ridiculous. I'm acting no differently than usual." Just like that! Which is even weirder because that's obviously not the case!
Lisa: Hahaha! You're good at seeing right through your sister's act, aren't you?
Hina: Of course I am! She's my sis, after all!
Hina: Besides, the reason is clear! It's about Afterglow and Roselia's joint gig, right?
Hina: It'd perfectly explain why Sis is so fired up. And why you were being such a squish face.
Lisa: How about that? You've got me pegged, too...
Lisa: No, you're right. I've been thinking about how to handle the upcoming concert with Afterglow in my own way...
Hina: Is that something your face should be so squished about?
Lisa: I've got a lot on my plate right now, and it has me on edge. Not to mention what just happened...
(Black cut)
Hina: Oh, so that's what went down.
Lisa: The entire fiasco could have been avoided with a proper explanation, but I kinda didn't wanna give one...
Hina: Why not? If you had, it would've been resolved lickety-split. Wouldn't that be better?
Lisa: Well, I just feel like there are things of value you can learn when you realize those things yourself.
Lisa: I guess you could say that always explaining everything right away isn't the right type of kindness...
Lisa: And that's why it's sealed up in the vault!
Hina: So, you're not going to be the wise mediator you always are, then? Not for anyone?
Lisa: Nope. As long as things don't get any further out of control, I've decided to stick to the sidelines.
Hina: Huh. Interesting. I mean, that isn't like your normal self at all, is it?
Lisa: Hahaha, you think so? Yeah, I thought the exact same thing myself, so maybe you're onto something~.
Lisa: I figured that everyone, even the girls in Afterglow, is bound to discover things they haven't before... It's a good opportunity for both bands to grow and mature.
Lisa: Therefore, as the responsible upperclassman, it's my duty to stick to my principles. For the sake of my peers... So, yeah.
Hina: Ah-ha~! It all makes sense now~! Lisa-chi, what you really want is to show off your cool, mature side to all the young ones, isn't it~?
Lisa: Huh~?! I'm not thinking that at all!
Lisa: All I want is to fulfill my role by providing an environment where both sides can develop equally. And to maybe do it without doing anything uncool...
Lisa: Wait, what? That means that you were completely right!
Hina: Hahaha! Hey, it's fine. Let's just go with that! It's not like thinking too much about it will do anything for you anyway!
Hina: ... You know, though, I think playing the villain is an even more difficult job than all that stuff that's already got you worried.
Lisa: Well, I wouldn't exactly say I'm a villain or anything...
Lisa: ... But I've promised myself to ignore my urges and leave things as they are, so that's what I'm gonna do!
Lisa: Thanks, Hina! Talking to you has helped me get my thoughts in order!
Hina: No problem, no problem! Glad to help. Nothing left but to keep it together and get down to business, "Lisa-senpai"!
Lisa: I appreciate it, Hina! This is a role that I won't mess up. And I'll do it my own way!


<Using Our Experiences>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[After School]

[Walking Home]

Lisa: Oh~! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello~! I didn't expect to run into you two here~.
Marina: Hello, Lisa-chan! We're on our way to a concert. A band that performed at CiRCLE a while back invited us to go.
Lisa: How nice! I'd love to go to one~.
Marina: How about you? Where are you heading?
Lisa: I promised to go meet Himari today. Well, more like go apologize...
Marina: Apologize? To Himari-chan?
Lisa: Mhm. When we held our joint gig the other day, my attitude toward her was a little too harsh.
Lisa: I had the best intentions in mind when I acted the way I did toward Afterglow and Himari... but the fact of the matter is that I ultimately deceived them.
Lisa: So, as an apology, I invited her to join me for a bite to eat so that I can treat her!
Marina: Lisa-chan being too harsh... It's honestly difficult to imagine.
Lisa: Hahaha, you're probably right! I also thought it wasn't really in character for me~!
Lisa: I was losing my mind trying to keep it a secret and wanted nothing more than to yell out, "No, you've got it all wrong~!" But I told myself to grit my teeth and put up with it!
Marina: Hahaha, sounds like you had your plate full in your own way. It was worth it in the end, I take it?
Lisa: Yep! Absolutely! Roselia and Afterglow both matured as a result!
Marina: Fufu, I suppose one could say that you played a big part in making that joint concert a success from the shadows.
Lisa: Haha, now you're just trying to flatter me!
Lisa: ... But I guess this is me applying what I learned from that time Roselia fought. You know, 'cause I realized just watching over the band isn't enough. Sometimes, we have to butt heads.
Marina: Interesting. I'm sure you were able to communicate that sentiment to Himari-chan and the rest of Afterglow.
Lisa: I sure hope so. They all showed me the performance of a lifetime. I'm pretty sure they're not planning to tell me how they don't wanna be friends anymore. Not at this point...
Marina: Fufu, talk about a nerve-wracking dinner plan.
Lisa: No kidding~.
Lisa: But thanks to what happened, the relationship between Roselia and Afterglow, as well as the one between Yukina and Ran, is better than ever.
Lisa: I feel like we'll be able to grow and mature more than we ever have before. The future is looking bright, and I can't wait to take another step toward it♪
Marina: Definitely. It's something we're looking forward to as well!
Lisa: Ah, looks like it's time for me to go. I need to head that way, so I'll catch you two later~!
