607_Lisa Imai_R2 A Little Too Worried?

<The Worried Ones>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Hmmm... Hmmm...
Marina: ... Lisa-chan has been pacing in and out of the lobby for a while now... Looks like something's got her worked up...
Lisa: Hmmm... Hmmm...
Lisa: (Argh, what should I do~?!)
Lisa: (I dropped by to check up on Rinko because I was worried, but am I being too nosy?)
Lisa: (I wanna take a peek at what's happening in the studio, but it'll be totally awkward if she sees me... But just barging in doesn't seem like the right answer either...)
Lisa & Ako: Sigh~.
Lisa: ... Ako?! Where'd you come from?!
Ako: Lisa-nee?! What're you doing here?!
Lisa: Hahaha~. If I'm being honest, I was thinking about Rinko...
Ako: You, too? Same goes for me. But I was worried that I'd be bugging her.
Lisa: I know right?! I'm worried sick, but I can't always be in her business trying to solve all her problems, you know~?
Ako: Yep. It's so hard to find the right balance at a time like this.
Lisa: You said it~. We can't just loiter around here forever though... Huh?
Lisa: Over there. Isn't that... Sayo?
Sayo: ...
Ako: It is her! She keeps pacing around the reception area... like something is bugging her.
Lisa: Yeah. I think she's probably in the same boat as us... Uh-oh, we just made eye contact.
Sayo: ...! I-Imai-san?! Udagawa-san, as well... How long have you been there?
Lisa: Uhhh, since a little while ago? Is everything alright?
Sayo: I-I am... here solely for a solo-rehearsal session... Nothing more... I swear, it was only a coincidence!
Ako & Lisa: ...
Ako & Lisa: Pffft... hahaha!
Sayo: Wh-what are you both laughing at?!
Lisa: Sorry, sorry! I'm a bit relieved, is all. I think we've all been overthinking this whole situation.
Lisa: Let's go check on Rinko together!
Ako: Good idea!
Ako: Hang on! I'm gonna message Yukina-san and tell her we're here. I bet she's as worried about Rin-rin as we are...
Lisa: Ah... Call it a hunch, but you probably don't need to bother.
Lisa: Not that I have anything to go on, mind you. Just consider it a gut feeling.
Lisa: So come on, we'd better get going. Hop to it!
Ako: Huh? W-wait, Lisa-nee, don't push me~!


<Proceeding Together>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Park]

Lisa: Well, if it isn't {{userName}}-san. Hey there~☆
Lisa: Taking a break in the park? That's good. You look pretty beat.
Lisa: Me? I'm on my way home from shopping. I went out to get some ingredients for making snacks.
Lisa: Have a look! Pretty impressive haul, wouldn't you say?
Lisa: It all started when Rinko entered a piano competition, you see~.
Lisa: We decided to celebrate because she got first place. I thought I'd try going all out and bake a cake for her, which is what led me to buy all this stuff.
Lisa: Now see, I don't really know much about classical music, so I honestly have no idea how difficult her piece was that day.
Lisa: Either way, she went from worrying over it, to standing firm and giving it her all... At the very least, I can tell that her hard work paid off.
Lisa: And that's why I want to reward her efforts with something special! I'll be making a two-tier cake♪
Lisa: ... Roselia has, in my opinion, changed quite a lot compared to how it once was.
Lisa: That applies to Rinko, yes, but also to Yukina and Sayo, as well as Ako. Everyone is moving forward step by step.
Lisa: I know it sounds strange saying this about myself, but I might be maturing, too, even if only a little.
Lisa: And the thought of that makes me so happy!
Lisa: I want us to help each other grow while using our occasional disputes as a way to further our development.
Lisa: I bet we can change for the better if we keep that up, both as Roselia and as individuals.
Lisa: Hahaha, maybe all this sounds weird coming from me, huh?
Lisa: What I'm saying is that we'll be needing your support while we do all that, {{userName}}-san! Okay?!
Lisa: Nice, that's what I like to hear.
Lisa: And as a reward, I'll be sure to bring along a batch of delicious homemade treats the next time I go to CiRCLE! So look forward to it!
Lisa: Anyway, until next time!
