630_Lisa Imai_R3 Last-Minute Viewing

Gacha phrase: All we have to do is excitedly wait!

<At Aya's and My Own Pace>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Hey, Sayo, Rinko! Were you waiting long?
Sayo: No, not at all. I just arrived not that long ago.
Rinko: The same... goes for me...
Lisa: Gotcha~. That's good!
Lisa: Anyway, this wind is really something, isn't it? It's actually a little cold today~.
Rinko: Yes... And with this wind... all the beautiful sakura... are falling away...
Sayo: That's true. It won't be long before they're all gone.
Lisa: Ah~... Yeah, totally~! Ahaha...!
Lisa: Soon there won't be any more sakura left... Yup! That's for sure! It's way too late to have a sakura party, not to mention start planning one...!
Sayo: ... Is something wrong, Imai-san?
Lisa: Huh?! N-nothing's wrong! What about you, Sayo? Asking such strange questions out of the blue like that...
Sayo: Sigh... It seems being self-aware isn't your strong suit...
Sayo: You may say nothing's wrong, but your face says otherwise.
Lisa: ... Is it that easy to tell?
Rinko: Yes... I could also tell... that something's... not quite right...
Lisa: Uhm~, you see... I'm actually talking to Aya, Kanon, Ran, and Maya about going to see the sakura together.
Sayo: That's... quite the interesting group.
Rinko: It does... sound like fun though...
Lisa: We just happened to run into each other. Then one thing lead to another and we decided to have a sakura party~.
Lisa: That's all fine and dandy, but because of our busy schedules, we ended up leaving most of the event planning to Aya and Kanon.
Lisa: But now that we started talking about it, I'm starting to worry about them. I hope everything's going okay~!
Rinko: I see... So that's... what's on your mind...
Lisa: It seems like Aya and Kanon are moving along at their own pace...
Lisa: But the sakura won't exactly wait for us.
Sayo: That's true. Soon all the sakura will have fallen off the trees. I can certainly understand your concern.
Lisa: What's more, aren't those two a little too easygoing sometimes? I hope they're not forgetting anything...
Sayo: Maruyama-san can... certainly be a little absent-minded at times...
Sayo: When we were second-year students, there was a time when she completely forgot about our homework.
Rinko: R-really...? I can see... why you're concerned...
Lisa: Right?! Of course I'd be nervous!
Sayo: I do think you're a little too worried though.
Lisa: Huh? Really...?
Sayo: I can't say much for Matsubara-san, since I've never spent much time with her in class... But in Maruyama-san's case, even back then, she managed to hand in her homework on time.
Lisa: Really?! ... Actually, isn't that kind of impressive?
Rinko: ... I'm sure... everything will turn out... in the end...
Sayo: Everyone moves at their own pace. I'm sure they're doing just fine with the event planning.
Lisa: Yeah, you're right... I probably don't need to worry.
Lisa: Alright, that does it! No more thinking about the party! I just have to trust those two!
Lisa: Jeez~, I'm glad I talked to you guys! Thanks!
Sayo: I'm just glad we were able to help.
Rinko: Yes...! Have fun... at your sakura party... Imai-san...
Lisa: I will! Thanks again!
Lisa: Ah... Wait. Maybe I should at least bring plates and utensils. You know, just in case!
Sayo: Sigh... Imai-san...
Lisa: O-okay, I get it! It was just a joke! A joke!


<Fidgety>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Ah, if it isn't {{userName}}-san! Hey! Are you on break? You look pretty tired~.
Lisa: Ahaha! True, this season does make you a little sleepy~.
Lisa: I was just about to take a break myself. Mind if I join you?
Lisa: Thank you☆ Then I'll just sit down right here.
Lisa: ... Oh~! Your coffee's got sakura petals floating on top!
Lisa: It's actually kind of artistic~.
Lisa: Speaking of sakura, did you get a chance to enjoy the sakura?
Lisa: I actually had a sakura party with Aya, Kanon, Maya and Ran a little bit ago.
Lisa: Ah, you think so too? It is weird to see us all together, isn't it?
Lisa: We just happened to run into each other and decided to go see the sakura right then and there! All except for Ran. I invited her afterwards.
Lisa: We'd never really hung out together before, so I figured it'd be a great time~.
Lisa: I was really busy with work and stuff though, so we ended up leaving all the planning to Aya and Kanon.
Lisa: And I'll admit it, I was a little worried.
Lisa: I mean, those two are so laid-back... I couldn't help it.
Lisa: They were the ones in charge, but for some reason, I was still the one who got nervous.
Lisa: Actually, it got so bad that Ran, Maya and I went to go check on them.
Lisa: ... But somehow, those two managed to put together a great event.
Lisa: They even made us a little guidebook to go along with the experience.
Lisa: I think it's just that those two move at a different pace than me. There never was any reason for me to worry.
Lisa: Ahaha... I guess that's the busybody in me, always sticking my nose in other people's business~.
Lisa: ... Everyone's different. I should know that by now, but this party definitely reminded me of that fact.
Lisa: I really need to thank those two!
Lisa: Thanks to them, I had way more fun at our sakura party than I expected!
Lisa: Huh? Will I be able to handle it if the same people planned something else?
Lisa: Ah~, I don't know.
Lisa: I mean, I'll probably still overthink stuff and end up worrying regardless, right?
Lisa: ... That sounds like me? Ahaha! I'll take that as a compliment.
Lisa: ... Alright, I better get back to work!
Lisa: Thanks for listening, {{userName}}-san! See you later!
