757_Lisa Imai_R3 Can't See, but it's OK

<Crucial Communication>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Evening]

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Oh man~... It's finally time. The contest is tomorrow...
Lisa: It should be okay, right...? We did what we needed to do, and today's practice was A-OK.
Lisa: Yep! The old me doesn't even compare! That's how much I've improved! Actually, everyone has.
Lisa: We practice like it's the show... and we perform how we practice... As long as we play like we always do, there should be no problem...
Lisa: ... Even so, I can't help but feel nervous. I wonder if the others are feeling the same.
Lisa: Hmmm. Anything new in the group chat...? Nope, nothing. What could they all be doing right now?
Lisa: I wanna talk to somebody. That'll calm the nerves... Would it be okay if I sent a message...?
Lisa: I wonder if I would be making things harder for them by writing to them the day before the show... I imagine Rinko would be spending some quiet time alone, and Sayo would still be practicing...
Lisa: Man, what's the point of worrying so much?! I should at least be able to send them a message of encouragement!
Lisa: Here we go! "Let's get out there tomorrow and rock that stage!! We'll show them the best Roselia they've ever seen!"... There.
Lisa: And send!
Lisa: ... Whoa, someone responded already?!
Ako: "Yeah, let's do it! I'm gonna awaken the power of darkness within me!"
Rinko: "It's almost here. I'm glad we were able to make it this far. Let's play the best show we can （*＾▽＾）/ "
Sayo: "Try not to relax too soon. We just need to play how we've been playing. I'll be counting on you all."
Lisa: You guys...! Maybe they all were feeling the same way as I was.
Lisa: I wonder... if Yukina is already getting sleep for tomorrow.
Lisa: I guess that's to be expected of her...
Lisa: ... Oh.
Yukina: "I'm also counting on you all. I look forward to it."
Lisa: Yukina!
Lisa: Wow, this makes me so happy! Time to spam some stickers~!!
Sayo: "Imai-san, please stop with the endless messages. I might end up missing an important notification."
Lisa: "Sorry! I was just so excited to be able to talk to you all and got carried away."
Rinko: "It's okay, Hikawa-san. Any important messages should be stored in the chat's memo column φ(ﾟｰﾟ*) "
Ako: "Rin-rin always has the answer!"
Yukina: "How exactly does one look at this memo column?"
Rinko: "There's a menu button on the top-right of the screen. Try pressing that."
Yukina: "I'm not following..."
Rinko: "One second. I'll send you a screenshot. I'm sure you'll understand once you see it ( *• ̀ω•́ )b "
Lisa: Ahaha, this is awesome! Everyone's talking in the group chat♪
Lisa: We've only ever used it for important messages... This might actually be the first time we've had this much fun with it.
Yukina: "I see it now. Thank you."
Sayo: "Everyone, I have added our meetup time, location, and some precautions to our memo. Don't forget to look it over."
Ako: "Okay~!"
Lisa: Ahaha, it feels like they're all here. This is great.
Yukina: "Lisa, are you still awake? Be sure you read through the memo."
Lisa: "Yeah, sorry, I'm here! I hope you guys are all ready for tomorrow!"


<That Which Is Around Us>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Hmhmhmm~♪ Oh! Something new in the cosmetics section~!
Lisa: Whoa~, this is adorable~. I bet this would look good on Yukina, too... Mmm, that price though...
Lisa: Hmmm~... No, this is a treat from me to me...
Marina: Ah, Lisa-chan! Hey there~!
Lisa: Heyyy, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Out shopping, Lisa-chan?
Lisa: Yep, sure am~. The contest is over and we don't have rehearsal today, so, you know.
Marina: Oh, right, the contest! Congrats on your win! You girls finally did it!
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks☆ Yep, we've achieved one of Roselia's goals~.
Marina: Yep, after working so hard for that contest. All those rehearsals must have been pretty tough, huh?
Lisa: Hm~, I don't think it felt that way... We pretty much had a positive outlook with our eyes on the prize.
Lisa: It's probably because the way I think has changed. You know, the way I think about music, the band... Roselia.
Lisa: I don't think the others felt like it was tough either. Everyone has changed, not just me.
Lisa: Ako, Rinko, Yukina, Sayo... There's no way everyone would have been so dependable and optimistic this time last year.
Lisa: I believe that's what led us to victory.
Marina: I see. Yeah, thinking about you girls a year ago, you've definitely changed.
Lisa: Oh, and you know, Ran, Tomoe, Himari, and Hina all came to cheer us on.
Lisa: And we got some messages of encouragement even from those who didn't come. They made me so happy.
Lisa: ... And that's when I thought.
Lisa: Roselia may be made of five of us, but there are plenty of people around us who have a positive effect on the group.
Lisa: In my opinion, it's because of them that Roselia is the way it is now.
Lisa: We may not have even been able to win that contest if it wasn't for all those people.
Lisa: Ah, you two are included in that too, of course♪ Thanks for everything you do for us.
Marina: Fufufu, you're gonna make me blush~. Maybe the reason Roselia has such a positive vibe going is that you say things like that.
Marina: You keep that up while you're playing your heart out for the fes!
Lisa: You know I will! Make sure you guys are there to see us play. It'll be the best Roselia you've ever seen♪
Marina: Oh, we'll be there. Perhaps we should make a banner for you girls and hold it up while we're in the crowd.
Lisa: Ahaha, I'm glad you're enthusiastic, but that might be a little too embarrassing. You can place that banner over your heart. That'll be enough!
Marina: Yeah, I thought you might say that. Okay then, I'll place a really big one right in here, don't you worry.
Lisa: ... Oh! Sorry. I didn't mean to pull you into such a long conversation.
Marina: Fufu, we did talk for a while. Okay, see you later. You can come back to CiRCLE whenever you're done with your break from rehearsals.
Lisa: Yep! We'll still be relying on your two for some time!
