780_Lisa Imai_R4 Growing Closer

Gacha phrase: Why don't we also try participating in this event?

<The Points Which Connect Us>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Let's see... Today I need to go to the handicraft corner, then-
Misaki: Ah, Lisa-san. Hello.
Lisa: Ohh~, if it isn't Misaki! I haven't seen you since the handmade market, right? What're you doing? Shopping?
Misaki: Yeah, I thought I'd stock up on needle-felting materials.
Lisa: What a coincidence! That's what I'm here for too!
Misaki: Huh, you are? ... You mean you've been doing needle felting ever since the market?
Lisa: Of course! I'm kind of obsessed. Even now I do it fairly often.
Lisa: Anyway, I did pretty well with the blue rose the other day, so I thought I'd make something else next.
Misaki: I see. Is there something in particular that you want to make?
Lisa: Hm~, I was thinking about making a cat. What do you think?
Misaki: I think that's fine. Cats are a staple of needle felting, so there are lots of kits to choose from.
Lisa: I knew it! I found so many cute ones when I looked them up, it got me all excited~.
Misaki: Once you get the hang of it, you can make cats with whatever patterns and poses you like, so I think it'll be quite fun. If there's anything you're unsure about, feel free to ask me anytime.
Lisa: I will! I'm counting on you, Misaki-sensei!
Misaki: Sensei...? Alright, then you need to teach me more about knitting sometime too, Lisa-sensei.
Misaki: By the way, sensei, when did you start knitting?
Lisa: I think when I was in elementary school... My mother taught me... And stop calling me sensei~.
Misaki: Fufufu. I see, so you've been doing this since you were in elementary school~. You must really like knitting~.
Lisa: I think I've always liked repetitive work like this. Don't you think it's kind of fun?
Misaki: I do! I really do! I like activities that make you focus.
Misaki: Maybe that's why I always practiced my kanji when I was little~.
Lisa: Ah~, I know what you mean! I used to practice each kanji, stroke by stroke, over and over again.
Misaki: Ahaha. You were one of those kids. Now that I think about it, I wonder if that method actually helps with memorization?
Lisa: It seriously does~. Although, they do end up looking a little awkward sometimes. Ah! Aren't jigsaw puzzles kind of the same?
Lisa: You just silently work your way through them. Sometimes, I'd finish and realize it was nighttime already.
Misaki: Yes, that's happened to me too!
Misaki: In my case, I used to help my younger brother make plastic models;
Misaki: I would always get really into it halfway through, and next thing I knew, I'd finished it all by myself.
Lisa: Ahaha~, I can really imagine you doing that.
Misaki: But I get restless if I don't finish these types of things, so I always end up doing so without realizing...
Lisa: I know exactly what you mean! The next thing you know, you're all done!
Misaki: I guess you could say it's nice to do something so mindlessly.
Lisa: Yeah. And you feel quite a sense of accomplishment when you're done.
Lisa: Hey, Misaki, what do you like apart from needle felting? Do you have anything else you're into?
Misaki: What do I like? What am I into? Umm, what else is there...?
Misaki: Ah. If I have to choose something... I'd say... my band!
Lisa: Ahaha, I see! I guess that's what both of us focus the most on!
Misaki: Yeah, that's true. Ah, but recently, I've been a little interested in adult coloring books.
Lisa: Wow~, they make those kinds of things~?
Misaki: Haven't you heard of them, Lisa-san? The pictures are quite intricate, so they have more spaces to color compared to children's ones.
Misaki: I did a little research on them, and it seems like you can get ones with pictures of flowers, animals, famous places, and famous paintings.
Lisa: Wow~! That does sound interesting~!
Misaki: I actually thought I might look for one today.
Lisa: That's a good idea! I'm a little curious now. Can I come with you?
Misaki: Sure, let's shop together. Although, I think coloring books would be in a book store.
Lisa: Okay! How about we look at the handicraft materials first, then look for coloring books at a book store after that?
Misaki: Sounds good, let's do that.
Lisa: Ah, also! ... If you'd like, we could hang out afterward?
Misaki: That... doesn't sound like a bad idea.
Lisa: Yay☆ Alright, no time to waste, let's go to the handicrafts store!


<My Greatest Work>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Lisa: Hey~! Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Oh, it's Lisa-chan. Is school over already?
Lisa: Yeah. I saw you two, so I ran over.
Marina: Wow~, that's so nice.
Lisa: Ehehe. Actually, I have something I wanted you two to look at. Here, this!
Marina: Hey~! What a cute rose~!
Marina: Is this made of felt? Ah, did you make this yourself, Lisa-chan?!
Lisa: That's right! I think I did pretty well for my first time♪
Marina: That's amazing~! It looks like something they'd sell in a store. I guess you really are good with your hands, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: Ahaha, Misaki taught me how to make it. She's really good at teaching~. It was so much fun to make!
Lisa: We made a lot of things like this, and we participated in a little event with them~.
Marina: Oh wow~. What kind of event was it?
Lisa: It's called a handmade market. Everyone brings their handmade goods there to sell.
Marina: I see~. That sounds like fun!
Lisa: Yeah! It really was! Although, I did accidentally hurt myself with the needle quite a few times when I was making things.
Marina: Ugh~, that must've hurt~. Are you okay? You better be careful. You have band practice too, you know.
Lisa: Yes~, I will.
Marina: But I guess that means you really put effort into making everything. With this level of quality, they must've been quite popular at the market.
Lisa: Yeah! Lots of people came over and told me they thought the roses were cute and well-made! That made me happy~.
Lisa: But this rose here, the first one I made, I got kind of attached to. I've had it in my bag ever since...
Marina: Fufu, I think that's understandable.
Lisa: I made it just for the event, so I really should have put it up for sale, but I just couldn't, you know?
Marina: I see. But from the sound of it, everything went well. I kind of wish I went.
Lisa: We also sold scarves and hats that we made. And I also sculpted some clay rabbits with Tae.
Lisa: Ah, that's right! Kaoru taught us how to write poetry, so I put my own anthology on display too!
Marina: Poetry? Why poetry?
Lisa: Ah, we had a little misunderstanding... But it worked out!
Marina: Ah, I see.
Lisa: I didn't have any confidence in my poetry before, so I'd never thought about selling an anthology.
Lisa: But some of the customers said they really understood where I was coming from, and they liked the words I'd chosen. That made me feel really good.
Marina: I also want to read your poems, Lisa-chan. I bet you do too right, {{userName}}-san?
Lisa: Really?! You'll both read my poetry?!
Lisa: Alright then, I'll bring my anthology with me to our next practice! I can't wait to hear what you think. Thanks~♪
