918_Lisa Imai_R4 Cheers from Behind

Gacha phrase: We're cheering for you, so do your best☆

<After a Short Cookie Break>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: We need to pay extra attention to this part. Why don't we take a break?
Sayo: I see... Good idea. We can get back to practice in fifteen minutes.
Lisa: Sounds good to me~! Phew~. You know, answering those interview questions was a lot harder than I thought it'd be~!
Ako: I thought up some really cool stuff to say, but I messed it up~!
Lisa: Your message was especially cool, Sayo. I can't believe you can say things like that so naturally. I'm jealous~.
Rinko: Your words were... wonderful too, Imai-san... They were very heartwarming...
Lisa: I-I don't know about that, but thanks, Rinko♪
Yukina: Come to think of it... You didn't seem very nervous during the interview, Rinko.
Rinko: Being in the student council... has helped me get used to... being in front of others...
Ako: You're as cool as ever, Rin-rin~! Next time, I'll blow them away with my coolness for sure~!
Sayo: You've gotten more reliable as a student council president as well, Shirokane-san. As for Minato-san, I thought your message was a bit extreme, but very powerful.
Ako: Right?! She sent chills down my spine! "Are you truly ready to risk everything for your music?"
Yukina: Come on now. Don't impersonate me like that.
Lisa: That part was cool and all, but what really got me was when you said performing with us was fun. I thought I was gonna cry.
Yukina: Was it really that touching? I simply said what I was thinking.
Yukina: Our band has been through a lot of hardships, but we managed to overcome them together.
Yukina: If you were not my bandmates, I do not think we'd be walking towards the future the way we are.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: More bands are sure to appear in the future. We must continue to aim for the top if we want to keep up with them.
Sayo: Of course. But we were already prepared for that.
Ako: Y-Yukina-san! Your words are so inspiring!
Rinko: I feel the same way...
Lisa: Me too! I mean, you're not the only one who loves Roselia☆
Yukina: ... That's good.
Sayo: I suppose it's a bit early, but shall we get back to work?
Ako: Ah, wait!
Rinko: What is it... Ako-chan...?
Ako: Umm... We haven't eaten any of Lisa-nee's cookies yet...
Sayo: ...? We do usually eat her cookies during our break, but...
Yukina: Didn't we eat them all during the interview?
Ako: Oh yeah! I guess they're all gone...
Lisa: Ahaha, I figured that was enough for today, so I put the rest in my bag, but...
Lisa: I actually still have more cookies...
Rinko: ...! There's still so many...
Ako: Yay~! Can I have some, Lisa-nee?
Lisa: I don't know~. You did say my cookies were making you gain weight~.
Ako: D-don't be like that~!
Sayo: Fufu... I'm guessing we'll be resuming practice after having some cookies then.
Yukina: Yes, they are essential to our rehearsals after all.
Lisa: ... Fufu.
Rinko: What is it, Imai-san...?
Lisa: Nothing! I just really love Roselia, that's all☆


<Starting Once More>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Hey there~☆ Thanks for your help the other day, {{userName}}-san, Marina-san! I brought you a gift!
Marina: Thanks, Lisa-chan! ... Ah, these cookies are the same as the ones we had during your interview, right?
Lisa: Yup! I was happy to hear you liked them so much, so I thought I'd bring you some today.
Marina: I'll have some on my break! {{userName}}-san, these cookies are really good. You've got to try them!
Lisa: By the way, I saw the website! I was surprised by how stylish it looked~!
Marina: Fufu, hearing that from you is really reassuring.
Marina: A lot of people have been coming here for the first time after reading your interviews.
Lisa: Really?! Wow~, now that's great to hear!
Lisa: Actually, I've been looking over our interview a lot myself.
Marina: You have? I suppose I'd be curious to see how I come across to others too.
Lisa: That's part of it, but I've been mainly looking at everyone's answer to what they find fun about being in a band.
Lisa: I know I should've expected as much, but everyone's answers are so different.
Lisa: Just reading that is so much fun~!
Marina: Fufu, yeah, even I can feel how much you're enjoying it.
Lisa: Yeah! You know, I'm kinda jealous of anyone planning on starting a band!
Marina: Huh? Why?
Lisa: Because they get to experience playing music from the very beginning.
Lisa: You can only experience playing your first song together once, right? That starting period is filled with plenty of new joys to discover.
Marina: I see. I think I was the same way when I was in my band~.
Lisa: Still, after looking over our interview, something tells me Roselia's still starting its musical journey as well.
Marina: What do you mean?
Lisa: Well, we've already reached our big goal, so now we're headed towards a new one!
Lisa: I'm sure the path ahead of us is going to be filled with new joys for us to discover, so now I'm stoked. I'm sure the others feel the same way!
Marina: Fufu, Roselia is as cool as ever, I see.
Lisa: .. Ah, I've just been talking about myself, haven't I? Sorry!
Marina: Not at all! Part of me wants to add what you just said to your interview!
Lisa: Ah~, cut that out! This is embarrassing!
Lisa: .. Ah, it looks like Yukina and the others will be here shortly!
Marina: Okay! I'll make sure the studio's ready for you.
Lisa: Thanks~! ... Ah, Marina-san!
Marina: Hm? What is it?
Lisa: I look forward to your continued support!
Marina: Fufu, me too!
