948_Lisa Imai_R3 Any Ideas?

<Fellow Crafter>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Wow, these clothes are so cute~! They'd look great on Yukina! But I don't think she'd actually wear them~.
Lisa: I wonder how much they are... Ouch, more expensive than I thought. I guess clothes as cute as these don't go for cheap~. Maybe I'd better check out another store instead.
Lisa: Oh yeah, I think I'm running low on yarn. I can stop by the craft store later...
Nanami: Ah, Lisa-senpai~.
Lisa: Hey, Nanami. Fancy meeting you here. Out looking for more prizes?
Nanami: No, I thought I would buy some craft supplies today. Toko-chan asked me to make accessories to match some of her outfits.
Lisa: Nice, I didn't know you were into crafts. I dabble in them myself, actually~.
Lisa: So what are you planning to make?
Nanami: A broach and a corsage~. Hang on, I should have a picture somewhere... Ah, here it is~.
Lisa: Wait, you made these yourself?! This is like the stuff they sell in stores!
Nanami: Ah, that's... I, um... just got lucky, is all...
Lisa: Lucky or not, they're still amazing! You're very talented~.
Nanami: O-oh...? You don't think it's weird...?
Lisa: Huh? Of course not!
Nanami: I-I see...! That's a relief~...
Lisa: Say, Nanami. What materials did you use? This is just a guess, but it looks like some kind of resin to me~...
Nanami: You nailed it~. It's a type of resin that hardens under ultraviolet light.
Lisa: I thought so! The bubbles inside are so perfect too. How did you do that?
Nanami: Ah... You allow one part to harden first, and then use a syringe to inject air directly~.
Lisa: Gotcha~. It's impressive that you pulled it off so well~. The butterfly broach is really cute too. Does it attach with a pin?
Nanami: No, I used an adhesive~. However, a typical adhesive would come off while we're performing, so I used one that you blend together beforehand.
Lisa: ... Interesting~. Nanami, you really know your stuff! I learned a lot from you today.
Nanami: It's nothing special! I'm glad I could help~. What sorts of crafts do you usually make, Lisa-senpai?
Lisa: Mostly stuff like pouches or scarves. I have one of my pouches with me today~.
Lisa: ... Here it is! I make stuff like this!
Nanami: Wow, how cute! It even has embroidery on it~.
Lisa: Fufu, thanks. I hang out with a lot of other people who make their own crafts. We sold some of our stuff at a handmade market once.
Nanami: A handmade market! That sounds like fun~.
Lisa: Yeah, we had a great time~♪ It was an opportunity to try making things I never had before.
Lisa: I also used that chance to have Misaki teach me more about needle felting~.
Lisa: Other than that, Rinko also likes to make outfits. Ah, Himari said she likes to make accessories too~.
Nanami: Oh, it sounds like they all have their own special crafts~.
Lisa: Yeah, pretty much! Why don't you go out with us sometime?
Lisa: We can hit up the craft stores, then make stuff together afterwards!
Nanami: Huh? You don't mind?
Lisa: Not at all! We can't wait to get to know everyone in Morfonica♪
Nanami: Wow, I'm so happy to hear that~. I would love to~.
Lisa: Okay~☆ I'll go ahead and text the others!
Nanami: Going out with friends, spending time together... This is what being a teenager is all about~...
Lisa: ... And sent. Now to wait for their replies.
Lisa: Ah, give me your contact information, Nanami! I'll add you to our group chat.
Nanami: O-okay! I will send it to you now~.
Lisa: Thanks♪ And here's my contact information, so feel free to add me.
Nanami: I will~. Hehehe, now we're even exchanging numbers...
Lisa: You mentioned going to look at craft supplies later, right? I was planning on doing the same. Want to go together? I'd love to get to know you better, Nanami♪
Nanami: Wow, that sounds nice~. This day just keeps getting better and better~.
Lisa: Hahaha, now you're trying to flatter me~! Alright, let's go♪


<Spooky Products>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Hello. I see that you practiced by yourself today.
Lisa: Yep, I was really in the mood to play some bass.
Marina: I think we all feel like that sometimes. Hang on, let me process this.
Marina: ... Okay, all set. How about your next reservation? We still have an opening on the weekend.
Lisa: Please put me down for that, then. I'm pretty sure Yukina and the others said they're free this weekend.
Lisa: Man, this latest girls band craze has made it a lot harder to make reservations~.
Marina: Fufu, this trend is all thanks to people like you. Alright, I'll put you down for this weekend.
Lisa: Thank you! Speaking of trends, is there anything that you're hooked on lately?
Marina: I can't think of anything in particular. How about you, {{userName}}-san?
Lisa: So nothing comes to mind for you guys either~.
Marina: Hm? Why do you ask?
Lisa: I went with Nanami the other day to look for some snacks with prizes in them. She seemed to be a pretty avid collector, and I thought that was pretty cool~.
Marina: It is really nice to see people have that kind of passion.
Lisa: For sure! I mean, I was kind of surprised to see the prizes she was so interested in, though...
Marina: Oh, were they unique or something?
Lisa: I guess that's one way to put it. They were these strange little yokai figurines.
Lisa: They were just normal snacks, but the box art was so creepy that it made me scream.
Lisa: We've had customers ask us where to find certain products before, but never anything that was so scary~...
Marina: Hahaha, it must have been really spooky.
Lisa: Then again, those prizes helped me get to know Nanami better, so I guess it was alright. We've already made plans to hang out again.
Marina: Really? Sounds like fun.
Lisa: Yeah, I'm already looking forward to it♪ I just hope we don't end up looking for more of those creepy figurines... Ah, my bad. Here I am going on when you're so busy!
Marina: No, I enjoyed chatting with you. Be sure to tell me how things go with Nanami-chan.
Lisa: Okay, I'll fill you in on the details☆ See you later!
