1043_Lisa Imai_R3 STOP!

Gacha phrase: Yukina~!

<Our Starting Point>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Park]

Lisa: Thanks for waiting~! Here's your drink, Yukina! Sweetened coffee!
Yukina: ... Thank you. Do we have to drink here, though?
Lisa: Of course! I'm so thirsty!
Lisa: I mean, we sweat like crazy during Mira-san's show, right?
Lisa: It's important to stay hydrated~!
Yukina: ... Well, yes. I suppose this is just right for cooling down.
Lisa: Exactly~. Why don't we relax here a bit?
Lisa: ... At first, I wasn't sure how the joint concert was gonna turn out, but it was pretty fun, wasn't it?
Lisa: Looking back, getting to see a professional musician practice was also a pretty valuable experience!
Yukina: It was. What we've learned from this venture is very important. I'm glad we accepted her proposal.
Lisa: Yeah~. Oh, but you really freaked me out that time, you know that?
Yukina: ...? What do you mean?
Lisa: I'm talking about the first time we went to the studio! Remember all that stuff you said to Mira-san about her new song and during the break?!
Lisa: You kept being so direct about all that sensitive stuff~. I was really sweating.
Yukina: Yes... I felt bad for what I did, so I apologized afterward.
Lisa: Oh, you did? Good girl~.
Yukina: ... But all of you were thinking the same thing, correct?
Lisa: Ahaha... You're not wrong there. I had this image of what a person at a higher level than us was like, so I was kinda surprised by Mira-san.
Lisa: Still, that's her way of doing things... right?
Yukina: Yes. We talked about that for a moment before the concert.
Yukina: She never forces herself and only sings when she wants to. That way her feelings towards music can remain pure.
Yukina: It's different from how Roselia works, but that's another way of facing music properly.
Lisa: I see. I guess the ideas we talked about at the restaurant weren't wrong.
Lisa: Mira-san cares deeply about music just like us... And that's why her music had the same intensity.
Lisa: You and Rinko probably remembered the past because it was similar to what you felt back then.
Yukina: ... I think so too. It reminded me of a time when I strongly felt the joy of performing music with other people...
Yukina: Now that I think about it, it's a feeling I've had for a long time.
Lisa: ... Me too. After what you said, I finally remembered what it was like.
Lisa: Ah, actually, no. That's not quite right. I hadn't forgotten... Maybe it just became clearer.
Lisa: We weren't much of a band with our toy mic and tambourine, but still...
Lisa: I know that warmth I felt back then is still a part of me.
Yukina: Yes. That's how it all began for us. We were able to play music in its purest form, free from any other concerns.
Yukina: That is the source of our intensity.
Lisa: Yeah... You know how I said I was thirsty? That wasn't the only reason.
Lisa: I just wanted to share this same view with you again, Yukina.
Yukina: ... I see.
Lisa: Everything started here, and we're still in the middle of our journey. I know we can't go back in time...
Lisa: But if there's something I can take with me from back then, I wanna hold onto it tight.
Lisa: I mean, it's important to me, after all.
Yukina: You should treasure it. I certainly plan to.
Yukina: When we were going to perform at the fes, I decided to throw away the past. I wanted to start moving forward.
Yukina: I wanted to sing for myself instead of somebody else.
Yukina: That's why I'm going to try to listen to the feelings inside me more.
Lisa: I like that... I like that a lot. Y'know, you're a lot cuter when you smile.
Yukina: ... Stop teasing me.
Lisa: Ahaha, sorry! But we've found what we left behind... Doesn't it feel like the start of a new beginning?
Lisa: There aren't any white clovers at this time of year... but at least we have them inside us.
Lisa: I can't wait to see what amazing sights I'll get to keep seeing together with you, Yukina... And with Roselia.


<Blue Rose Happiness>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Lisa: Ooo, this cat cookie cutter looks cute too! ... Wait, but I already have so many~... Hm?
Lisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hey~!
Marina: Hi, Lisa-chan. Shopping today?
Lisa: Mmhmm. I've been looking for some new cookie cutters~. I'm planning to bake some for our next practice.
Marina: I see. I can already picture everyone enjoying your cookies.
Lisa: Right~? We all worked hard for that joint concert, so I figure they all deserve a reward♪
Marina: Joint concert...? Oh, the one you did with Mira-san, right?
Lisa: Yeah! Despite everything that happened, I really enjoyed it~!
Lisa: We got to see her practice at a studio, and because of that, I think I finally have some idea of what professional musicians go through.
Lisa: It made me realize just how amazing they are.
Lisa: Mira-san was also really easy to talk to. Ako became friends with her almost immediately.
Lisa: Seriously though, her songs were really cool. Although, I know I don't have the right to say stuff like that since I'm just an amateur and all that...
Marina: Fufufu... There are all kinds of professional musicians, but the ability to perform great music is one of the things they all have in common.
Lisa: Yeah~. And you know, when it comes to the professional scene...
Lisa: There must be a lot of pressure and all kinds of problems that we can't even imagine, right?
Lisa: Despite all of that, Mira-san was still trying to enjoy music... I thought that was really incredible.
Lisa: She doesn't have a band, so she's doing it all alone too. I really respect her for that.
Marina: That's true... When you don't have any friends you can share your burdens with, it means you have to shoulder everything on your own.
Lisa: Mmhmm... I wonder what would've happened if I'd been doing music alone.
Lisa: If I hadn't been playing music with Roselia... I think I would've given up easily.
Lisa: No, I probably wouldn't have even pursued music in the first place. I'm only who I am now because I wanted to be there for Yukina.
Lisa: It makes me really glad the five of us can play music together~.
Lisa: I've decided! I'm gonna put even more effort into making these cookies!
Marina: Fufu, your cookies are how you show your love for Roselia, after all.
Lisa: Ahaha... Well, I won't deny that. I just hope I don't make too many...
Lisa: Oh well, if it happens, it happens! That's also an expression of my love!
