1079_Lisa Imai_R3 An Inquisitive Look

<Cookies for Twins>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Brr, it's so cold~... I wonder if I'm gonna be able to move my fingers during practice~...
Sayo: Hello, Imai-san.
Lisa: Ah, Sayo! Heya~! You're early.
Sayo: Yes. It takes extra time to warm up my fingers during this time of the year.
Sayo: I thought I should come early and work them a little.
Lisa: Hahaha, I know what you mean~. Mine are frozen too.
Lisa: Oh, yeah. I'm thinking of grabbing a warm drink from the cafe right there. Care to join?
Sayo: ... That sounds like a nice idea. I will join you.
Lisa: Okay~☆ If you let me know what you'd like, I can get it for you.
Sayo: It's alright... I will come with you.
Lisa: You sure? It'd be warmer inside, you know...? Oh well, suit yourself!
Lisa: Hmm, I wonder what I should get~...
Sayo: ... I did not expect to see you here alone today.
Lisa: Hm? Ah, yeah. Yukina had something to take care of, so she said she'd come directly from there.
Sayo: I see. Then now seems like the perfect moment.
Sayo: Imai-san... I would like you to have these.
Lisa: ...? Ah, cookies.
Sayo: Yes. I... baked them with Hina.
Lisa: Ooh~! ... But why are you giving these to me?
Sayo: I have been wanting to thank you eventually.
Sayo: The reason why Hina and I... have a good relationship now... is most certainly thanks to you.
Sayo: I am very grateful.
Lisa: Ah, I see~! So that's what these are for! I don't think I did anything special, though.
Sayo: But you did. Both during the Tanabata Festival and the stargazing event...
Sayo: And knowing you, I am sure you have done so much more for us than I am aware of...
Sayo: I want you to know how much everything you have done means to us.
Lisa: Aww, c'mon~! It's not such a big deal! You're gonna make me blush!
Lisa: You and Hina are my friends, after all. I only did what any friend would, you know...?
Lisa: And it's not like I was the only one hoping things would work out between you two, right?
Sayo: Yes, I understand. That is why I have cookies prepared for the other members too.
Sayo: However... I did ask you to look after Hina...
Sayo: So I thought a more special thanks was in order...
Lisa: Ugh~... You can be so stubborn when it comes to things like this, you know...?
Lisa: Well, since you're offering... it's not like I have any reason to say no.
Lisa: Thanks, Sayo.
Sayo: ... You're welcome.
Lisa: ... Hm? What's this one? There are some oddly-shaped ones mixed in.
Lisa: Uhh... Are these supposed to be... sticks...?
Sayo: Ah... they are supposed to be candy canes. Hina insisted on making them.
Sayo: I think she did it because we had some when we were little.
Lisa: Really~? Now that you mention it, I think I used to eat ones like these. Although I don't remember well since it was so long ago...
Lisa: Ah, by the way... Hina told me about what happened when you guys were little~.
Lisa: Sounds like you've always been a good sister to her.
Sayo: ... I hope as much.
Sayo: Incidentally, you kept my song a secret from her as well, didn't you?
Sayo: That is something else I would like to thank you for.
Lisa: Ahaha! No problem~!
Lisa: After all, you don't seem like the type who would be very good at surprises~.
Sayo: Well... Yes... you are correct.
Lisa: Sorry, sorry! But things worked out, right?
Lisa: How'd it go? Did she like it?
Sayo: ... Yes, she did.
Lisa: I see, I see! I guess it makes sense that you'd be thanking me then~.
Lisa: ... Anyway! Enough about this! It's cold, so let's grab our drinks and head inside.
Lisa: I've got some yummy cookies and candies to look forward to as well!
Lisa: I'll go ahead and order first! Excuse me~!
Sayo: ... Hehe.
Sayo: Thank you.


<After the Holiday>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Riverside]

Lisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Heya~☆
Marina: Hi, Lisa-chan. It's pretty cold again, isn't it?
Lisa: Tell me about it~. I stepped out of my place just now, but I'm freezing already.
Lisa: If I knew this was in store for me, I would've just stayed holed up in the warm coziness of my home~.
Marina: ...? Didn't you step out because you have something to take care of?
Lisa: Nuh-uh. There's nothing I really need to take care of~. I just stepped out for a walk... I guess?
Lisa: Roselia had a Christmas party, which was all fine and good... but I may have had a bit too much to eat.
Marina: Hehe, it sounds like you got a bit carried away.
Lisa: You could say that~... But it really was so much fun.
Lisa: I worked so hard to cook the food and prepare the snacks... and everyone said they loved everything...
Marina: That's great! Wasn't preparing for it a lot of work, though?
Lisa: Hmm... I suppose you could say it wasn't easy... but as soon as I started preparing, I just got more and more excited.
Lisa: And that's why I ended up making some pretty elaborate stuff.
Marina: Hehe. I know the feeling. Thinking about how another person's gonna smile gives you the energy to keep going forever.
Lisa: Exactly! And well... I guess you could say I was influenced by Sayo this time around.
Lisa: Sayo worked really hard on Hina's present...
Lisa: They're both good friends of mine, so just seeing that made me really happy.
Lisa: It really set me on fire!
Marina: I see. By the way, do you know if Hina-chan liked her gift?
Lisa: She totally did. I think Sayo also felt the same way, even though she was the one doing the giving.
Lisa: It was Christmas, after all. I'm just glad everyone was happy.
Marina: Yeah, that's what's most important! I feel like I got a taste of the happiness you all experienced.
Lisa: Oh, really? Great! I guess it was worth braving the outdoors then~.
Lisa: ... Anyhow, since you've given me some energy, I think it's time for me to do some work on my own things.
Lisa: Take care, you two. Bye!
