1104_Lisa Imai_R4 Creeping Sphere of Fear

Gacha phrase: J-just now, I saw a woman... in the window...!

<Mom's Cooking>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Lisa: Umm, the ingredients for beef stew are beef, onions, carrots, and potatoes... Yep, everything is in the kitchen☆
Sayo: I am sorry to leave all the preparations for dinner to you. We shall take care of the clean up.
Lisa: You don't have to worry about that~.
Rinko: We can't allow that... We... want to help as well...
Yukina: Not doing anything will actually make us feel more uneasy.
Lisa: Really? In that case, maybe I'll take you up on your offer and take it easy after dinner~♪
Ako: Lisa-nee, what are these leaves used for? They're hard, and it doesn't seem like you can eat them...
Lisa: Ahh, the bay leaves? You put them in the pot when you simmer the beef stew. They help get rid of the meaty odors.
Ako: Wow, really? That's the first time I've heard that!
Lisa: Fufu♪ Now then, shall we get started on making dinner? Ako, I'm counting on you to be my assistant!
Ako: Okay!
Ako: Lisa-nee, what should I chop up first?
Lisa: Right, first are the vegetables. We only have one peeler, so you use it, Ako.
Ako: Are you sure? Thank you!
Lisa: You'll hurt yourself if you put in too much force, so be careful~.
Ako: Okay~... Lisa-nee, are you going to peel potatoes with a knife?
Lisa: Yep☆ Once you're used to it, peeling with a knife is quicker~. Look, it's like this☆
Ako: Wow~! You're peeling them so smoothly! You're like a mom, Lisa-nee!
Lisa: Ahaha, what does that mean~?
Ako: Okay, I'm gonna do my best peeling the carrots!
Lisa: Be careful of where you place your fingers~.
Ako: I'm okay~... Yah!
Lisa: Yeah, like that. Good job! Now then, I'll prepare the meat, so I leave the vegetables to you!
(Black cut)
Lisa: Ako, when you chop vegetables, keep your fingers tucked under your palm, like a cat paw!
Ako: Yeah, I've got it~!
Sayo: I can hear their voices as they're cooking. They sound exactly like sisters.
Yukina: Rather than sisters, don't they seem like a mother and child?
Rinko: Fufu... Imai-san and Ako-chan both... seem like they're having fun...
Lisa: Hey, you all are okay with bread, right~? ... What are you all smiling about?
Rinko: Ah, it's nothing...
Yukina: We were talking about how you and Ako are similar to a mother and child.
Lisa: What~?! I know Ako said that I'm like a mom just a minute ago, but still~...
Lisa: When I was little, I learned how to cook from my mom, so I guess I was imitating her without knowing it.
Rinko: Imai-san, your mother... is also skilled at cooking, isn't she...?
Lisa: Right. She's way better than I am☆ She's been doing it for ages because she loves it, so she'll make just about anything if you ask her.
Lisa: My mom looks like she's having fun when she cooks, so when I was little, I'd get jealous. That's why I would help out a lot~. So I naturally became able to cook as well...
Lisa: Whenever I cooked, my mom would smile and tell me it was good~.
Rinko: ... That sort of thing... really does make you happy, doesn't it...?
Rinko: If I played the piano well when I was little... I was so happy to see my teacher and parents pleased... it made me want to practice even more...
Yukina: The reason you continue cooking is because of your mother's influence, isn't it, Lisa?
Lisa: It's kinda embarrassing when you say it like that, but... Well, I guess that's true.
Sayo: I see... In that case, all of us in Roselia should be grateful to your mother, Imai-san.
Lisa: Hm, why's that?
Sayo: The reason we can ask you to bake delicious cookies is probably thanks to your mother.
Lisa: Ahaha, now that you mention it, that might be true. Maybe I'll thank my mom the next chance I get. Maybe☆
Ako: L-Lisa-nee~! Come back in the kitchen for a second~!
Lisa: Huh?! Sorry, be right back!
Lisa: Ako, are you okay? Did something happen?!
Ako: Lisa-nee~. I was chopping the vegetables, and I accidentally cut them all different sizes~...
Lisa: Ahh~, that's fine! Let's take the ones that are too small, finely chop them, and put them in! Just do this and this, and... Look, it's perfect!


<Careful Not to Overthink It>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Residential Area]

Marina: Work today was harder than normal, huh? When you get home, rest well and prepare for tomorrow, okay, {{userName}}-san?
Marina: ... Huh? Over there, is that...?
Lisa: Oh no~, what should I do...? It's gotten pretty dark. There's nothing here, right...? It's okay...
Marina: Lisa-chan! Good evening!
Lisa: Agghhh!
Marina: Whoa! S-sorry, Lisa-chan. Did we scare you?
Lisa: Ah, oh, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! I'm sorry I scared you!
Marina: What's wrong? You were looking around really anxiously... Are you worried about something?
Lisa: Ah, umm... Ahaha. The truth is, I just remembered the story about the ghost bassist I heard at CiRCLE last time~...
Marina: Ah~, that rumor from that one time, right? It's okay, there's no such thing as ghosts!
Marina: As proof of that, it's been a couple of days since you came to CiRCLE last, but nothing has happened, right? So you don't have to worry.
Lisa: Yeah, that's true, but~... It could just be waiting day after day for a chance to get me, right?
Lisa: Even I know it's silly, but I can't help but think that it might come once I've forgotten about it.
Marina: True, once something's on your mind, you can't help but worry about it.
Marina: Even I have times where I feel like someone is watching me from behind when I shampoo my hair in the tub.
Marina: That sort of thing doesn't really go away once you think it even once, right? It's not that I believe in them, but sometimes I get worried and think that it might be a ghost...
Lisa: S-stop~! I'll definitely recall that when I take a bath today!
Marina: Ahaha, I'm sorry.
Lisa: Sigh... To tell you the truth, still being afraid of ghosts at my age is really embarrassing~...
Lisa: But I can't get over it at all~. Seriously, what should I do?
Marina: Hrmm, but wouldn't that mean that you have high sensitivity and a rich imagination?
Marina: I'm sure that will come in handy when you write lyrics. Don't you think you should treasure that?
Lisa: I'd be happy if that really was the case, but I feel like those two things might be unrelated...
Marina: Fufu. Well, take care getting home, okay? Don't worry, ghosts are just a figment of your imagination!
Lisa: Yeah, now that I've gotten to chat with the two of you, I feel a little less scared! Thanks! See you later~!
Marina: Ah, Lisa-chan! That street is having its lights worked on, so it might be darker than normal!
Lisa: Huh? Really?! Oh no, what do I do...? This route is the shortest way home...
Lisa: ... Nope! I'm gonna take the long way and go home along well-lit streets! Thank you, Marina-san!
