1219_Lisa Imai_R3 Are You Sure?

<Making It More Like Us>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Lisa: I'm coming in☆
Yukina: Thank you for coming. Sit where you like.
Lisa: Okay. So what did you want to talk to me about?
Lisa: If you're unsure about something again, I'll hear you out.
Lisa: So make sure you properly tell me this time...!
Yukina: I suppose you could say I am unsure about this, but... it is not that big of a deal.
Yukina: You are aware that I am halfway through writing a new song, correct?
Lisa: Ahh, that song. You've almost finished it, right?
Lisa: I remember you saying you hadn't started the lyrics yet though.
Yukina: Yes, so I have been thinking about completing them. That way, we could perform it at the upcoming event.
Lisa: Upcoming event...? Huh? Do you mean the event run by Harumi-san's agency?
Lisa: Don't tell me you want to sing that song instead of "LOUDER"?
Yukina: Precisely. I had considered adding a different song to our setlist instead, but...
Yukina: I did not think it was suitable to sing on that stage.
Yukina: So I thought it would be better to put our current thoughts into a song and sing that.
Lisa: ... I see. If that's the case, I'm all for it.
Lisa: And if you're really set on doing so, I think the others will agree too.
Yukina: Thank you, Lisa...
Lisa: So I get that you want to finish the new song, but I don't see why you needed to talk to me about it.
Yukina: I want you to help me with the lyrics.
Lisa: Huh? You want my help with the lyrics?!
Yukina: Is that a problem for you?
Lisa: ... No. Not at all. I just never thought you'd rely on me for lyrics.
Yukina: You are a member of Roselia, and you are serious about writing lyrics.
Yukina: So I had decided that if I had to ask someone... it would be you, Lisa.
Lisa: Yukina...
Lisa: Okay, leave it to me! I'll help you write the lyrics!
Lisa: The new song starts off quiet and then gradually builds up, right?
Yukina: Yes, and I think I would like the lyrics to be about... the future.
Yukina: Since they were expecting us to perform "LOUDER," I would like to convey our intention to move forward.
Lisa: The future, huh...? Yeah, that sounds good!
Lisa: "LOUDER" is an important song, but...
Lisa: We want to show the people at the agency that we are trying to surpass it.
Lisa: Like, the Roselia they know is not all we are.
Yukina: Yes. That is what I wrote these lyrics about, but could you look at them for me?
Yukina: It would be a great help if you could give me your honest opinion.
Lisa: Which lyrics? Show me.
Lisa: ...
Lisa: I see. So you wrote them like this...?
Yukina: ... What do you think?
Lisa: Yeah, I think they really convey that feeling of moving toward the future.
Yukina: I see...
Lisa: But for this chorus part, I feel like there's a way to make it sound more like us...
Yukina: ... That is actually the part I wanted advice on.
Lisa: Oh? It is?
Yukina: I also thought that there must be a better way to put it.
Yukina: I am surprised that you realized before I even mentioned it. Perhaps you have rather refined senses when it comes to lyrics.
Lisa: I don't think I have anything crazy like that...
Lisa: Ah, what about that? That thing that Ako said!
Lisa: If we change and it's not good enough, then we just have to change again, was it?
Yukina: Yes, she did say something like that...
Lisa: We are trying to enter a new world, so everyone more or less has something they're worried about.
Lisa: Just like how you were uncertain about going pro. But even with these worries, everyone is trying to move forward.
Lisa: To not fear change... No, to create your own future through change...
Lisa: If we could get this idea into the lyrics, I think the song would be more-
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ... Oh, did I say too much?
Yukina: No, I was just thinking how glad I am that I asked you.
Lisa: Really? Well, that's good I guess.
Lisa: And also, these lyrics here... I feel like we could word them differently. Like~...
Yukina: ...


<To See What I Can Do>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Residential Area]

Lisa: Hey, {{userName}}-san!
Lisa: What're you doing in a place like this? ... Ah, I know!
Lisa: I bet you're doing some errands for the studio. Ahaha, am I right?
Lisa: I'm on my way to Yukina's house.
Lisa: We just made a new song the other day, but apparently she's already thought of the next one.
Lisa: I thought I'd go and see how she's going so she doesn't tire herself out too much.
Lisa: Huh? Why is Yukina so motivated?
Lisa: That's probably because we've had an offer to debut under a major label.
Lisa: Ahaha, don't look so surprised.
Lisa: Right. I guess I hadn't told you about it yet.
Lisa: We've had offers like this before, but this time everything seems to be going quite good.
Lisa: How come...?
Lisa: Hmm, maybe because we've all found meaning in moving up to the big leagues.
Lisa: We didn't have a very good impression of major labels when we first started Roselia.
Lisa: But then we had Future World Fes., and we met this professional artist, Mira-san.
Lisa: So I think everyone's way of thinking changed.
Lisa: Huh? What about me?
Lisa: Well, I knew about what happened to Yukina's father, so I didn't have the greatest impression...
Lisa: But then some things happened, like me realizing that I'm a member of Roselia...
Lisa: And how I was so moved by the view from the stage at Future World Fes...
Lisa: It made me want to see how I change from there on out.
Lisa: And want to challenge myself more as a bassist...
Lisa: I guess standing on a big stage made me want to see what I can do next.
Lisa: I hope I get to see that view again on stage in the big leagues.
Lisa: With Roselia by my side, and our fans in front of us...
Lisa: I want to see that as many times as I can... Nope, I definitely will see it!
Lisa: And I hope you'll be watching over us from out in the audience.
Lisa: I'll definitely find you in the crowd☆
Lisa: Anyway, I'd better go now!
Lisa: Good luck with work! Do your errands at the convenience store again some time!
