1284_Lisa Imai_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: You guys...! Thank you so much...!

<Can't Wait☆>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Rinko: Imai-san... happy birthday...
Lisa: Thank you! I'm so stoked to have you all celebrate my birthday like this☆
Ako: Hey, Lisa-nee, we actually prepared something for you.
Sayo: Minato-san, as this is a special occasion, please give it to Imai-san on our behalf.
Yukina: It feels awkward giving this to you, but... would you accept it?
Lisa: Wow, what is it, what is it~?
Lisa: It's a scarf, a woolen hat, and mittens...! Wait, hold on a second! Are these hand-knit?! Did you guys knit these?! When did you do this?!
Sayo: We worked gradually after studio practices and during school breaks... We divided the work amongst ourselves and began preparations quite a while ago.
Ako: Rin-rin taught us how to knit!
Rinko: Yes... Everyone learned very eagerly... so we finished a little earlier than expected...
Yukina: We weren't able to knit as well as you can...
Lisa: You guys...! Thank you so much...!
Rinko: We ended up... giving them to you during summer, so... if you don't mind... please use them... when it's winter.
Lisa: No way! These make me so happy, I'm gonna wear them all now!
Ako: Huh? I'm happy you're wearing them, but... are you okay, Lisa-nee? Aren't you kind of sweaty?
Lisa: I'm totally fine. Ahh, these are so warm.
Ako: I'm so glad you like them! Ah, I know! Can I take a picture as a memento? I want us to always have a memory of today!
Lisa: Okay! Make sure the picture's pretty☆
Ako: Fufufu. Lisa-nee, you look so fluffy and cute! Okay, I'll take the photo now. Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Always Together!>

(Character: Lisa Imai, Reona Nyubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Hey, it's PAREO! Yoo-hoo☆ Did you come here to buy something too?
PAREO (Reona): Hello, Lisa-san! Yes, I'm buying materials for new RAS outfits!
PAREO (Reona): But I don't have any inspiration yet, so I was considering looking around the store as I think about what to buy.
Lisa: Ah, gotcha. I was thinking about making something for fall and winter myself, so I'm looking at a bunch of stuff right now♪
PAREO (Reona): I see. Does that mean you'll be making a scarf or mittens?
Lisa: Ah, I already have those♪ See? Check out my lock screen!
PAREO (Reona): Wow! You've got a scarf and mittens... and even a woolen hat! They're so cute and look so very warm.
Lisa: I know, right~☆ The other members in Roselia made them for me for my birthday.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I can tell that everyone was thinking of you when they made them!
Lisa: Thanks! They made me so happy, I tried them on at home a couple of times.
Lisa: But I still can't wear them outside yet, so I set this picture as my lock screen.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, that way you'll be able to look at them anytime you want. How very lovely!
PAREO (Reona): Okay, I've made my decision! Today, I think I'll buy some knitting wool.
Lisa: Oh! Are you going to knit too?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, after seeing your presents from the others, I wanted to give it a try!
Lisa: In that case, I'll help you pick something out! I wanted to look at the knitting wool myself♪
Lisa: Ah, in fact, why don't we make something together after this?! If we work together, we can give each other advice, and I'm sure it'll be more fun that way☆
PAREO (Reona): Yes, by all means! It would be very reassuring to have you with me!
Lisa: Fufu. Well then, let's make something super warm and fluffy♪
