1297_Lisa Imai_R4 With Adoring Eyes

Gacha phrase: All the time I spend outside the band is important... and I can't give up any of it.

<Making the Most of an Interview>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Residential Area]

Lisa: Mmm~, the interview is over~. I feel like I can finally relax now~.
Sayo: First, they asked us about the path we've taken to get here, and then it was our future goals...
Sayo: There were many questions about our past, present, and future. It was a rather thorough hour-long interview.
Ako: The interviewer really listened to what we had to say too!
Rinko: Yes... But that made me nervous... I couldn't answer well at all...
Rinko: I let the interviewer... and all of you down...
Yukina: You think so? I felt you understood the questions well and answered them appropriately.
Lisa: Yeah, totally! What you said was clear and super easy to follow!
Rinko: Th-Thank you... I'm really glad... you think so...
Ako: What about me?! How'd I do?!
Lisa: You nailed it♪ Your answers were easy to understand too.
Ako: Alright~! This is all thanks to you.
Lisa: Huh? Me?
Sayo: She's right. We did well because you asked Harumi-san what kind of questions we'd be asked beforehand.
Yukina: It's true. Because of that, we could go into the interview more prepared.
Rinko: And during the interview... you added to what we were saying... It was very reassuring.
Lisa: Was I really doing all that...?
Ako: Yeah~. You'd chime in and say things like, "That happened when we were doing this~," or "And then this happened, too~."
Lisa: Oh, yeah~... I was.
Lisa: I kept jumping in when you all were being interviewed... Sorry about that.
Sayo: You have nothing to apologize for. You made it much easier to talk.
Ako: Yeah! I had my chance to speak, and I had a lot of fun!
Lisa: Oh. Well, I'm happy to hear that~.
Yukina: You might have sounded the most natural out of all of us.
Lisa: You think? Hmm~... I guess I didn't feel all that nervous.
Lisa: I just felt it'd be a shame going through the whole interview feeling so uncomfortable
Rinko: What do you mean...?
Lisa: Ever since we joined an agency, we've been able to experience a lot of new things, right?
Lisa: We're unsure of ourselves sometimes because we're still getting used to everything... But I think all these feelings and experiences are gonna be huge for us.
Lisa: So I say we should try to enjoy them. If we do that, I feel like we'll get more out of them!
Yukina: True, I'm sure everything we've experienced on our journey to the top has pushed us forward. It has likely influenced our sound, too.
Yukina: I feel confident saying that the same thing will hold true for us as we walk this new path.
Lisa: Me, too. And since people are gonna learn about us with this interview, I'd hate it if we were so nervous that we didn't sound like our real selves.
Ako: Yeah! I want people to know the cool Roselia!
Lisa: Right~? I want people to get to know how we really are.
Lisa: I want this interview to tell our fans and the people who are just discovering us how we really think and feel.
Rinko: It's true that facing new challenges with a positive attitude... can open your eyes to many things...
Sayo: Yes, and that is exactly the mindset we will need as we make a name for ourselves among the other professional musicians.
Ako: You're so incredible, Lisa-nee! I'm always learning so much from you!
Lisa: C'mon~. You're laying the praise on a little too thick~.
Lisa: But I'm glad you all feel that way.
Lisa: I think we've got a lot ahead of us, but let's take it all in stride and keep growing!
Yukina: That's the plan.
Ako: Ngh~! I really want to play the drums now!
Lisa: What a coincidence~. I feel like playing, too.
Rinko: The closest place we can practice at is... CiRCLE...
Lisa: I'll call and see if they have any studio space available. Yukina and Sayo, you'll come too, right?
Yukina: Of course.
Ako: I hope there's a space for us to play~.
Lisa: ... Hello... Ah, Marina-san!
Lisa: We'd like to practice. Any chance there's a studio free...?
(Black cut)


<Together With New Teammates>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Downtown]

Marina: Sounds like we're both hungry~. Let's get something to eat. What are you in the mood for today?
Lisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hey~☆ Whatcha up to? You on break?
Marina: Lisa-chan! Yeah, we're on our break now. Are you... going somewhere?
Lisa: Yep, I've got a meeting at my agency. I think we're gonna talk about shooting a music video.
Lisa: I'm a little nervous. It's gonna be our first time doing one~.
Lisa: I was uneasy the whole time we did our first job for the agency, too~.
Marina: Yeah... I was the same way when I started working at CiRCLE.
Lisa: I was really surprised at how many people and lights it takes just to do a photo shoot.
Lisa: It all felt so strange. Like I'd stepped into a completely different world. But lately, I've been enjoying it.
Marina: Maybe that means you're getting used to things.
Lisa: Yeah. Joining a music agency opens the door to so many new experiences. I'd hate to go through them always feeling so unsure of myself.
Lisa: And all my nerves and lack of confidence would only cause trouble for everybody at my agency.
Lisa: No matter where we are or what we're doing, the staff is giving 110% to help our band succeed.
Lisa: So I've gotta work just as hard as they are.
Marina: I know what you mean~. When I put together an event at CiRCLE, people from other live houses gave me a hand.
Marina: Even though they all had their own jobs to do, they really helped me out...
Marina: And because they were going out of their way for me, I promised myself that I was going to make that event a hit.
Lisa: Fufu. You're just like me. I'd like to see you when you're all fired up.
Marina: You'd be surprised. When I'm like that, I'm twice as fast at getting things done.
Lisa: Wow~. Now I really wanna see you in action!
Marina: Fufu... During your band work today, make sure you work just as hard as your agency's staff.
Lisa: You know I will! Our band and the agency are a team, and together we're gonna stand tall right next to the other major bands.
Lisa: And you always wanna show your teammates just how cool you can be, right? That's why I'm gonna work my butt off~.
Lisa: ... Ah, oh no! I can't believe it's this time already! I've got a train to catch...
Lisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, I've gotta go!
Marina: Sure thing. See you later. Hope everything goes well at the agency today!
Lisa: Thanks~☆ See you...!
