1318_Lisa Imai_R3 Her Wavering Feelings

<Our What-if>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Hmm~... Maybe I shouldn't since it's late. No, but~...
Lisa: ... Ah, whatever. I'm just gonna do it! "Awake, Yukina? Think we can talk now out on the balcony?" ... And sent.
Yukina: "Okay."
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Is there something you need to talk about?
Lisa: It's not so much a need... It's more like a want.
Yukina: I see.
Lisa: I met LAYER and Tae today. They're apparently forming a band.
Yukina: A band...?
Lisa: Yeah. The name's going to be The Pink Bun Bun Empire and...
(Black cut)
Yukina: I had no idea those two had made that kind of a promise...
Lisa: And LAYER talked about the future that could've been... Those words really stuck to me.
Yukina: The future that could've been...?
Lisa: I think she was talking about how she and Tae might've made a band together if she'd never moved...
Lisa: And it sort of got me thinking... I might never have joined Roselia if I hadn't been playing the bass that day.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: It's not just that day either. If I'd made even a slightly different decision along the way, things might be completely different now.
Lisa: And every choice I make from now on is going to come with that kind of possibility...
Yukina: ... There's no point talking about what-ifs, Lisa.
Lisa: I-I know! It's just~...!
Yukina: Why are you telling me this, if you know?
Lisa: ... I-I just kinda felt like it?
Lisa: Um... I dunno really know how to put this, but~... I wanted you to know how I felt about LAYER's story...
Yukina: Well... I know how you feel now.
Yukina: So let me tell you how I feel about what you said.
Lisa: O-okay.
Yukina: No matter what choices you make or what the future holds, one thing will never change. We will continue aiming for the top together. Isn't that right?
Lisa: ... True. Yeah, that'll never change.
Yukina: And just as you seized your future as a member of Roselia by choosing to play the bass that day...
Yukina: Those two may also have unlocked a possible new future by choosing to form a band.
Lisa: What kind of a new future...?
Yukina: Only they would know.
Lisa: ... I see. Yeah, you're probably right.
Yukina: I assume we don't have anything else to talk about.
Lisa: Yeah. Thanks for humoring me.
Yukina: Goodnight then...
Lisa: Ah, wait. Did you remember to do your math homework? It's due tomorrow.
Yukina: I'll start working on it... now.
Lisa: Now?! Oh, Yukina~! Let me know if you get stuck~!
Yukina: I'll be fine. I can manage on my own.
Lisa: Don't worry about me and just text me anytime, okay~? Anyway, night!
Yukina: Yes, goodnight.
Yukina: ... Lisa.
Lisa: Hmm?
Yukina: Even if you hadn't been playing that day, you would've somehow become a part of Roselia. I'm certain of it.
Lisa: Yukina...
Lisa: Yeah...! Of course! I think so too! Thanks!
Yukina: I haven't done anything to deserve your thanks. Anyway... Goodnight.
Lisa: Goodnight, and see you tomorrow!


<Miracle Concerts>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall]

Lisa: Hmm~? Heya~, Marina-san, {{userName}}!
Marina: Talk about a coincidence. What brings you here?
Lisa: I came to buy a notebook.
Lisa: I saw this awesome concert the other day, and it made me want to write even better lyrics.
Marina: Awesome concert...? Let me guess. The Pink Bun Bun Empire?
Lisa: Yeah! Did you two see it too?
Marina: No... We wanted to, but we had work.
Lisa: Aww, that's too bad~. It was really great too. The way Tae and LAYER's voices harmonized was so beautiful...
Marina: I heard their band was only for a day. It's too bad we're never getting the chance to see them perform again.
Lisa: I know~! It was like a one-time-only miracle concert.
Lisa: ... A miracle... concert...
Marina: ...? What's the matter, Lisa-chan?
Lisa: Ah, I was just thinking about how that concert might not have happened if things had gone even a bit differently~...
Lisa: Considering the odds, that really does make it a miracle.
Marina: Yes, but that's not just true for The Pink Bun Bun Empire.
Lisa: What do you mean?
Marina: If you ask me, Roselia's concerts and every concert by every band is a miracle.
Marina: It's impossible to have the exact same audience, setlist, and performance. That makes every concert a truly unique experience.
Lisa: That's so true...! We've done so many concerts, and they've all been miracles then.
Lisa: That means I need to treasure every single one that we do from now on.
Lisa: ... Yeah! I'm even more fired up, and I get the feeling I'm gonna be able to write some amazing lyrics now!
Marina: That's great~. I'm looking forward to your new song!
Marina: I know things are difficult because you've gone pro, but I can't wait to see your next show. Good luck!
Lisa: Thanks a bunch! Alright, see ya Marina-san, {{userName}}-san☆
