1362_Lisa Imai_R3 Kind Teasing

Gacha phrase: Hey, Yukina. You've kinda changed.

<Making More Memories>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Downtown - Station Entrance]

Lisa: Mhn~. The Christmas party was a blast~. Ako was talking about the party right up until she had to leave.
Yukina: Yes, it was all she could talk about.
Lisa: Hey, it stopped snowing~. What a bummer.
Yukina: You think so? I'm glad it didn't pile up. It would have been a bother trying to get to school.
Lisa: You can't mean that~. Isn't it exciting to wake up and see snow everywhere?
Yukina: Not for me.
Lisa: Well~, what if... this area was covered with snow?
Lisa: Twinkling light displays surrounded by white snow, wouldn't that have been just dreamy?
Yukina: I guess... I might like to see that.
Lisa: Fufu...
Lisa: I haven't seen you make that face in a long time~.
Yukina: What face...?
Lisa: Do you remember the Christmas party we had when we were kids?
Yukina: Yes, your mom helped us make a Christmas cake.
Lisa: That's right. You were so determined to make a good cake.
Yukina: Is that so? I distinctly remember that being you.
Lisa: What~? That was definitely you~.
Lisa: Hey, do you remember this? After we baked the cake, we put candles on it and turned off the lights.
Lisa: It was so cool how the Christmas lights lit up the room. I said it looked pretty. You smiled and said you thought so too.
Lisa: Just now, I thought I saw that same smile again.
Yukina: ... I remember that.
Yukina: The lights on the Christmas tree were shining so brightly... It was very beautiful.
Lisa: I feel like I always got excited for Christmas back then.
Lisa: Don't get me wrong, I still do. But when I was little, I kinda felt something amazing was gonna happen every Christmas.
Lisa: As Christmas gets closer, the city becomes so much more colorful. It's kinda like all the pretty lights in the world are being put on display here...
Yukina: I think you're exaggerating there.
Lisa: What~? That's not true~! I think Christmas is the most exciting day of the year!
Lisa: Ah, okay. Maybe that is a bit of a stretch. I really like my birthday and New Year's. And summer vacation too...
Yukina: I can vaguely remember how you acted at Christmas time when you were younger.
Yukina: And... how you were there beside me.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: I've been focusing so much on music that I had forgotten those times.
Lisa: Fufu... It doesn't matter if you forget~.
Lisa: Hey, Yukina, we should make Christmas extra special again next year.
Lisa: And not just next year, but the year after that, and the year after that, and the year after that!
Lisa: That way, one day, you'll finally feel like Christmas is a special day.
Yukina: I'm not so sure that will happen.
Lisa: It totally will. Next Christmas is gonna be awesome, right, Yukina?
Yukina: You're already talking about next year's party? You are getting way too ahead of yourself.
Lisa: No, I'm not. Ahh~, I'm already so hyped for it!
Lisa: What do you wanna eat at next year's Christmas party? Maybe I'll make an even better cake. And~... I'll even buy a turkey.
Yukina: Goodness... You sound like a child, Lisa.
Lisa: Ahaha☆ I can't help it. Christmas is a special day, after all~♪
(White cut)


<The Day We Connected>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, Hiya!
Marina: Ah, Lisa-chan, hi. On your way home from school?
Lisa: Yup☆ Actually, I'm on my way to my music agency for a photo shoot~.
Marina: Wow, really? Band work right after school? You sound busy~.
Lisa: Not at all! I'm having a great time♪
Marina: Okay, but don't push yourself too hard.
Lisa: I won't! Our agency is careful about those kinds of things, so I'll be fine!
Marina: Oh. Well, I'm glad things are going well.
Lisa: Thanks for thinking about me♪ ... Do I really seem that busy?
Marina: Well, ever since a little before Christmas, you always look like you're in a hurry to get somewhere.
Lisa: Ohh~, then...! I was busy, but that had nothing to do with work...
Lisa: Roselia had a Christmas party. I was making a lot of things for the party, and they were taking a lot longer than I expected.
Marina: Oh. Was the Christmas party fun?
Lisa: It totally was~♪
Lisa: Having a Christmas party with Roselia felt really special!
Marina: What did you do? I can't imagine what a Roselia party would be like.
Lisa: We just had a normal party☆ We ate dinner, had a cake for dessert, played a game, and exchanged presents... Stuff like that.
Lisa: Ah! And get this, I walked with everyone to the train station and the Christmas light displays were so beautiful!
Lisa: And it started snowing while we were looking at the lights. It was a pretty sweet Christmas~♪
Marina: Now that you mention it, I think it did snow a little at night. That's so nice~. I wish I could have seen that too.
Lisa: I took some pictures. Want me to send them to you? ... Honestly, I'm dying to show them to people.
Marina: Fufu. I'd love to see them. Send them my way when you can.
Lisa: Thanks. I'll get them to you soon♪ Oh, and what else... I've got pics of Yukina dominating while we were playing a board game.
Marina: Wow. Yukina-chan plays board games?
Lisa: It's hard to imagine, right? You know, I think she actually enjoyed herself at our Christmas party.
Lisa: Until recently, if we had asked Yukina to come hang with us, she wouldn't unless there was some special reason to...
Lisa: But now she'll come have fun with the rest of us.
Lisa: Well, she was her usual self. Until our party, I don't think she'd noticed how she's changed lately.
Marina: Yeah, she's loosened up some since her early days with Roselia.
Lisa: You could tell too?
Lisa: The five of us have spent so much time together as Roselia, and Yukina, or all of us really, have changed a lot because of that. It feels kinda weird.
Lisa: It's hard to put into words. All I know is that these changes make me happy...
Marina: I see~... Maybe for Yukina, her time with all of you is becoming more and more important to her.
Marina: Like something very precious to her.
Lisa: Ohh~, I think that's it! You always find the best way to say things!
Marina: Ehehe. I don't know about that~.
Lisa: Ah, I was so busy talking that I lost track of time...! Sorry, but I've gotta get moving.
Marina: Sorry to have kept you. Have a good photo shoot!
Lisa: Thanks☆ Later, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san!
