1384_Lisa Imai_R4 Together Always

Gacha phrase: Fufu... I'm so lucky~.

<Relaxing Restaurant Time Pt. 1>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Phew~. Good work today~!
Yukina: We didn't even have practice today. It's not like I did much work.
Lisa: Yeah, but still. You had a quiz and stuff today, didn't you?
Lisa: Huh? ... Now that I think about it, hasn't it been a while since we've been here?
Yukina: Since we joined the agency, we haven't had many chances to come here.
Lisa: Now that you mention it, that's true!
Lisa: ... Thinking back, so much has happened~. We were in the Future World Fes, and we had that joint show with Mira-san.
Lisa: We usually come here after our performances to reflect on them.
Yukina: There was even a time when Ako ordered way too much. She couldn't finish it and ended up crying.
Lisa: Yeah, yeah! I ate so much that day I couldn't even move. And after that, remember when everyone tried those limited-time mystery flavor french fries and had to guess the flavor?
Yukina: What flavor were they anyhow?
Lisa: What~? Yukina, you ate them without knowing?! If I remember correctly, they were takoyaki-flavored... Wait, or were they meatball-flavored?
Yukina: There's no use asking me... And there was that time when Rinko challenged herself and tried to order for everyone.
Lisa: Sayo tried to follow up and help, but the wrong thing ended up coming anyway.
Lisa: When we reminisce like this, it's like a lot of the history of Roselia happened at this restaurant! ... Doesn't it feel that way?
Yukina: Fufu... That's right.
Lisa: I was so happy to come here with you for the first time in ages when we became high school students.
Lisa: At that time, we talked to each other about our goals for the festival and stuff. I gotta admit, I was so incredibly nervous.
Lisa: I mean, you were super tense. It was like having a job interview at a restaurant or something.
Yukina: I-I wasn't that tense.
Lisa: Ahaha, I'm just teasing you☆
Lisa: Now that I think about it, there was that time when we came here as kids~! Do you remember?
Yukina: ... I don't seem to recall.
Lisa: We played in the park till the afternoon... I think it was your father who brought us here!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: I want to have more "sessions" with Lisa-chan and dad!
Lisa: Me too!
Yukina's Dad: Right. But before that, should we have some lunch first?
Yukina: I'll have the kid's lunch! What about you, Lisa-chan?
Lisa: I wanna have the same as you, Yukina-chan!
Yukina's Dad: Make sure you two eat all your lunch. We'll have another session in the afternoon.
Yukina & Lisa: Okay~!
Server: Thank you for waiting. Here are your two kids' lunches.
Yukina: Hey, look! It comes with a toy!
Lisa: You're right! Mine is~... a toy bell! Ring, ring, ring~♪
Lisa: I can even use it during our session!
Yukina: Mine is... a toy flute...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina-chan... What's wrong?
Yukina: If I use this toy during the session, then I can't sing...
Lisa: ... Oh, I know!
Lisa: I have an idea! We can just trade, and you can have the bell. That way, you can sing!
Yukina: ... Huh? ... Are you sure?
Yukina's Dad: Thanks, Lisa-chan. Yukina, what do you say?
Yukina: Th-thanks.
Lisa: We can use these toys during the session later! So, sing for me, okay?
Yukina: Okay!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Did something like that happen? I don't really remember.
Lisa: There you go again~.
Lisa: ... Somehow, we ended up making so many memories at this restaurant.
Lisa: I wonder how long we'll be able to come to this place with everyone.
Yukina: ... Lisa?
Lisa: I'm gonna go get a drink from the drink dispensers! Do you want anything, Yukina?
Yukina: I'm... fine. Thank you.
Yukina: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Relaxing Restaurant Time Pt. 2>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Lisa: The days sure are getting shorter lately.
Yukina: I hadn't really noticed, but perhaps you are right.
Lisa: I don't know... It just feels like time flew by.
Yukina: You mean today?
Lisa: Hmm, today too. But I also meant back then.
Yukina: ... I don't really understand.
Lisa: Ahaha, I knew you'd say that.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Compared to when we were eating those kids' lunches, we sure have grown up a lot. But I guess that's just normal.
Lisa: It kinda made me wonder if times like these would become fewer and fewer.
Lisa: Yet here I am with you at our usual spot, Yukina!
Lisa: I guess I was just feeling insecure for no reason.
Yukina: ... Fufu.
Lisa: You know, I really love the time we spend here.
Lisa: I know it's just a standard restaurant, not an amusement park or anything. But when I come here with everyone, it's just so much fun...
Yukina: You do always seem like you're having a good time.
Lisa: So, I do appear that way, huh...? Geez, now I feel all embarrassed!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ako: See, I told you they'd be here~!
Lisa: Hm? Ako?
Sayo: You were indeed correct, Udagawa-san.
Rinko: Were you two... having a serious conversation? Sorry... if we're interrupting.
Lisa: Whoa, you guys are here too. It wasn't anything important, don't worry♪
Lisa: Ahaha!☆ More importantly, all of Roselia is here!
Yukina: Were you looking for us?
Rinko: I was thinking of... calling or messaging you in advance... but Ako-chan... thought you might be here...
Ako: I had this sudden urge and wanted to talk to you guys about our next song...
Ako: I want our next song to go kabooooom! It needs to be super cool and all!
Lisa: I see. "Kaboom and super cool," huh? Do you mean you want it to be explosive? Ako, what does it mean for a song to be super cool and go kaboom for you?
Ako: I want to show the world even more how super cool Roselia is~. Like... a mage who keeps constantly casting spells or summoning creatures without stopping!
Sayo: What Udagawa-san is referring to as "kaboom and super cool" this time is similar to a boss fight in NFO.
Ako: Yeah! Sayo-san, that's exactly it! And, and...
(Black cut)
Ako: I'm so glad we got to talk about this song I've been thinking about! This is gonna make Roselia a million, billion times cooler~!
Rinko: And I have developed... a solid image of the costumes... I can't wait... to draft up the designs...
Lisa: Yup, yup. This is looking very promising♪ If we do a show with these elements, it's gonna be hype~!
Sayo: With a new song and new costumes to reveal, the show will truly be something to look forward to.
Yukina: Fufu... By how earnestly all of you are approaching the music right now, you are exhibiting the true face of Roselia.
Yukina: ... At this rate, Roselia will rise above and be better than before. I hope this new song will help us get one step closer to the top.
Lisa: Right! So, to keep up this enthusiasm, I'm thinking of making some cookies for our next practice session. Anyone have any requests?
Ako: Yay~! Let's see, uhm, I want... cookies filled with sweet jam~!
Rinko: It has been a while... since we've had your icebox cookies... Would that be possible...?
Yukina: How about cookies made with honey?
Lisa: Very well~♪ So, jam cookies, icebox cookies, and cookies with honey, right? ... Yup, I think I can make those!
Sayo: Imai-san, I can also lend a hand if you require it.
Lisa: Thanks, Sayo! In that case, let's make them together before our next practice☆
Lisa: Fufu... I'm so lucky~.
