1495_Lisa Imai_R4 Brilliant Introduction

Gacha phrase: Those spotlights were pretty bright, huh?

<Where Determination Led>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Himari Uehara, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Lisa: Mmm~, it's been a while since I've had a day off. Today's gonna be fun~♪
Lisa: First thing I'm gonna do is go shopping~. After that, I'll check out that accessory shop I saw in that magazine...
???: Ah~! It's Lisa-san~!
Himari: Hi, Lisa-senpai!
Lisa: Oh, if it isn't Kasumi and Himari. Hiya~☆
Lisa: Where are you two off to?
Kasumi: The mall! We just ran into each other at the station, so we decided to go together.
Lisa: Nice~. Mind if I join you? There's a shop I wanted to go to.
Kasumi: Of course you can! We've actually been wanting to talk to you.
Himari: We were just talking about how exciting Roselia's debut show was!
Kasumi: That show was so amazing! I just had to see it with my own two eyes!
Himari: I waved my light stick so much!
Lisa: Hold on a sec, you two were both there?
Himari: Yes! I'm glad we got tickets~. I was worried we wouldn't. They were almost sold out when I checked the website.
Lisa: Oh, my gosh~! Thank you~! You should've told us you were coming~.
Himari: Well, actually~, I had started writing a message but then decided against it.
Kasumi: Me too! I wanted to tell you how it felt in person!
Kasumi: Seeing Roselia on that sparkling stage-
Himari: Was so cool~. Even Ran couldn't take her eyes off of you all.
Kasumi: I can't even find the right words for it. It was like the show was some kinda starting line, and you all just took off!
Kasumi: Like the band just took its first step toward someplace new... That's what it felt like!
Lisa: Really...? Then I guess we got our message across.
Lisa: We wanted to show people that we were serious about becoming major artists. I'm happy you two felt that.
Himari: We got your message loud and clear! Now I'm even more excited to see what kind of shows you play next.
Lisa: Our next shows, huh~? Just you wait and see.
Kasumi: Whoa. Lisa-san, you sound so confident!
Lisa: Fufu. I can't really say too much now, but we're all dying to be back on stage.
Lisa: I dunno what kinda show we'll play, but this much I can say for sure...
Lisa: No matter what stage we're on, Roselia will always give our best show ever.
Lisa: We're gonna keep blowing away your expectations, so be ready for it☆
Kasumi & Himari: Th... That was so cool~!
Himari: That's gotta be a new catchphrase, don't you think?!
Kasumi: It sure sounded like it!
Lisa: Ahaha. Stop teasing, you two.
Kasumi: We're not! One day, I'm gonna say that too~.
Himari: Hey, Kasumi! Let's get some paper at the mall.
Kasumi: Good idea~! Lisa-san, you've just gotta give us your autograph!
Lisa: What~?! This again~?
Kasumi: Please! It's to commemorate your debut show!
Himari: Fufu. I'm going to show mine off to Tomoe and the others~♪
Lisa: R-really~...?
Himari: What are we waiting for?!
Kasumi: Let's go~!
Lisa: Hey! Wait up, you two~!


<A Bridge to the Future>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Café]

Marina: Phew, that was the last thing we needed to pick up for the studio. Why don't we take a break before we head back?
Lisa: Hrm? Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hiya~☆
Marina: Lisa-chan! Helo. Have you been out somewhere?
Lisa: I'm on my way to the mall now, but I got a little thirsty♪
Marina: I hope you're enjoying your day off. You seemed busy lately, so I'm glad you have some time for yourself.
Lisa: Ahaha. Yeah, until recently, I guess I have had a lot going on. We played our debut show too.
Marina: That's right. Way to go on your debut show!
Marina: I saw Roselia's website. The show sold out. That's amazing.
Lisa: Thanks☆ We owe it to our staff who worked so hard to help us.
Lisa: I understand now just how big of a deal it is to sell out your first show as a major artist.
Lisa: I mean, I knew it was important and all, but this was my first time to experience firsthand, you know?
Marina: No doubt about it, selling out a show is incredible.
Marina: I've been in this business for a long time, and it still blows my mind when it happens.
Lisa: Yeah... One of our staff members was so happy that our show sold out.
Lisa: They even started crying. Seeing that really got to me.
Lisa: In the major music industry, agencies need to get a feel for a band's potential. And selling out shows is a huge sign of where a band could be headed...
Lisa: I'm glad we showed our agency where we're trying to go from here. I'll never forget seeing the staff get so emotional~.
Marina: Your agency has a good crew. I like people who can be just as happy for others as they would be for themselves~.
Lisa: Me too♪
Lisa: I love it when lots of people come to our shows, but I've always thought more about how we can use each show as a stepping stone to get us closer to the top.
Lisa: But now things are different. Now, I'm thinking about selling out shows too.
Marina: To be successful in the major music industry, you might have to start thinking about those kinds of things.
Lisa: Yeah, I think so too. But there's a different reason why I'm thinking about it.
Lisa: There are people who are really happy for us if our show sells out. That's why I wanna work just as hard to do it again.
Lisa: It's such a nice feeling when the people helping you are happy for you.
Marina: Fufu. It is. You'll have to give your best to keep putting smiles on the faces of the staff you work with.
Lisa: Yeah!
Lisa: Ah, are you and {{userName}}-san still okay for time?
Lisa: I've been standing here talking your ears off. Wanna sit together and have some tea?
Marina: Of course! I'd love to hear more about your debut show.
Lisa: Great~! Let's grab a seat over there~.
