1600_Lisa Imai_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Fufu, looking forward to it~☆

<Only One Remains!>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Yukina: The place you wanted to visit before your birthday party is... this restaurant? It seems to be business as usual though.
Lisa: Just think of this as a quick pre-party break!
Lisa: Well~, actually... I do have a reason, and it's to do this thing here with you guys~!
Rinko: ...? The... kids menu...?
Lisa: Oops, my bad! Wrong side! I meant this spot the difference game on the back!
Lisa: I've really been into these lately.
Ako: Oh, these! I try them with my sister sometimes! There's a different one each month!
Lisa: Yeah! I still haven't been able to complete this month's, though~, so I figured it'd be nice to give it a shot with all of you on my birthday.
Yukina: If this is what you want to do... I suppose I can humor you.
Lisa: Fufu, thanks~!
Sayo: From what I can tell at first glance, it doesn't appear that challenging...
Lisa: I know the art's kiddy, but it's actually fairly difficult~.
Yukina: I found one.
Rinko: S-so have I...!
Lisa: Nice, looks like you two are onboard~☆ Let's do our best to complete this~!
(Black cut)
Ako: We only need to find one more, but I can't find it at all~!
Sayo: I've carefully studied the pictures repeatedly, but this is proving to be quite difficult...
Lisa: What tends to happen is you miss the tiny differences~. Stuff like the size, length... They're what makes you do a facepalm when you figure it out!
Yukina: ...! I found it. The fork in the bear's paw is shorter than it's supposed to be.
Ako: Wow, you did it~, Yukina-san!
Sayo: Although it took considerable time, we managed to complete the game.
Lisa: Guys, thanks so much for playing with me~! I doubt I can be any happier about my birthday~♪
Ako: Well, I think you're going to have a whole lot more fun soon, Lisa-nee, because it's your birthday party next!
Rinko: Yes. I hope you have a very good time... Imai-san.
Lisa: Fufu, looking forward to it~☆


<Celebration at a Restaurant>

(Character: Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Lisa: Seeing as I don't have practice for once, maybe I'll check out the knick-knack shop for some summer odds and ends.
Lisa: Wow, there's a summer sweater special going on! And this pastel blue basket bag is kinda cute too!
Misaki: Hi, Lisa-san.
Lisa: Oh~, Misaki! Heya~☆ Also shopping?
Misaki: Yes. I figured I'd swing by here while getting some felting materials. That summer bag is pretty cute, isn't it?
Lisa: I was just eyeing it too! The shells on the handle add a nice accent~.
Misaki: I kind of like how it's just for one summer too... Oh! Happy birthday, Lisa-san.
Lisa: Fufu, thanks~☆
Misaki: Did your bandmates throw you a birthday party?
Lisa: Yup♪ They certainly did, but we also went to a restaurant for the first time in ages!
Misaki: Oh, really. Did you try the summer parfait that just came out?
Lisa: Nope, we actually played spot the difference.
Misaki: Spot the difference...? Ah, you mean the game on the back of the kids menu?
Lisa: Yeah, that one that's always just the right difficulty! While they're fun alone, I wanted to try it with everyone on my birthday!
Lisa: Everyone took the game a lot more seriously than I expected, and we managed to have a pretty good time☆
Misaki: Roselia enjoying a game of spot the difference... I kind of want to see that. Was it the recent hot summer version?
Lisa: Mm-hmm! Although it took some time, we managed to complete it.
Misaki: I wish I could too~.
Misaki: I went with my siblings a while back, but my little sister got bored before we could finish it.
Lisa: Well, it is a bit challenging for little kids~.
Lisa: ... Hey, Misaki, if you want, do you want to go to the restaurant now?
Misaki: Hm? I don't mind, but...
Lisa: You can have another shot at completing the game♪
Misaki: What~?! You've already completed it though!
Lisa: I don't mind at all♪
Misaki: Then at least let me do something to celebrate your birthday! It's a restaurant, so they should have cakes at least.
Lisa: Misaki... You've made me so happy~! Thanks☆
Misaki: It's the least I can do since you made the suggestion for my sake. Thank you.
Lisa: Fufu, let's go then.
