1626_Lisa Imai_R4 Say Cheese!

Gacha phrase: That tiny bear-like animal looks like it's smiling and is so cute~!

<I ♡ Australia>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Ako: Break time! I'll go book us in for next time!
Yukina: All right. Thank you, Ako.
Lisa: Phew~, I'm beat~. Today's practice went well♪
Lisa: I was worried that I'd lost my edge from not touching my instrument during the school excursion...
Rinko: Your performance was wonderful... and gave no hint that you had a gap between playing...
Sayo: How was Haneoka's trip? Hina did not cause any inconvenience, did she?
Lisa: Ahaha, you're such a big sister~. You don't have to worry. Everything was fine☆
Yukina: That's true. She was flitting about freely as she usually does, but there was no inconvenience at all.
Sayo: Is that so...? That is a relief.
Lisa: Australia really was so much fun~... By the way, Sayo. Did Hina show you the miniature model of the Opera House she bought?
Sayo: Yes. It is on display in the living room.
Rinko: So you went to the Opera House...
Lisa: Yeah. We all went to see a rendition of Romeo and Juliet~. It was so good that just thinking about it now makes me swoon~.
Yukina: You became too emotionally involved and were crying.
Rinko: Imai-san, do you... understand English...?
Lisa: No, but I knew how the story went. As for the details, I guess I could tell from the mood.
Sayo: That is quite like you...
Lisa: But I'm telling you, it really was super good! If the two of you saw it, you'd definitely cry!
Lisa: The other thing that was great for me was the Queen Victoria Building!
Lisa: It had tons of super stylish shops as well as cute cafes.
Lisa: I took a bunch of pictures, so take a look~. See? Isn't this shop adorable?
Rinko: Yes, it's lovely... They've paid great attention to how they've done their displays...
Lisa: There were so many great clothes. Like this~... or this!
Rinko: They look like they would suit you very well...
Lisa: Also, check out this T-shirt♪
Sayo: ... "I love Australia" is emblazoned across the chest.
Sayo: It is most certainly a design suited for tourists...
Lisa: Isn't it great? I thought about buying it since it was super cute, but I didn't have enough spending money, so I gave up on it~.
Lisa: Take a look, Rinko. Isn't the T-shirt cute?
Rinko: Ah... Um...
Sayo: I now understand that you thoroughly enjoyed Australia, Imai-san.
Lisa: Huh? Why?
Yukina: You were, in fact, frolicking in the shopping mall. It was to the point that you put Hina to shame.
Lisa: Aw~. Is this not a good T-shirt~?
Rinko: Fufu... So it was a lovely school excursion...
Lisa: Yeah, it was the best!
Lisa: Thinking about how all we have left is graduation makes me feel a little sad, though.
Rinko: Graduation...
Sayo: When we went on our school excursion, it seemed like it was still far off, but now I realize it is already fast approaching.
Rinko: Right...
Lisa: I wanna make sure I have no regrets, y'know?
Lisa: ... I wonder if I'll still cry at the graduation ceremony.
Yukina: Lisa...
Ako: I'm back~! I finished with the booking~!
All: ...
Ako: Huh...? Did I come back at a weird time?
Lisa: Pft... Ahaha! Nah, your timing was perfect!
Sayo: Welcome back. Thank you for taking care of the reservation.
Yukina: All right, we should be getting back to practicing soon.
Ako: Wait, what? What were you talking about?!
Lisa: I think it's something you might understand when you're a little bit older.
Ako: When I'm older...? Aw~, what is it? I wanna know now~!
Lisa: Alrighty, let's keep things pumped up for the rest of our practice☆
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Even Those Mistakes>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Lisa: Roselia's practice is over~! Thanks for letting us practice here again today☆
Marina: Fufu. Thank you for coming! So, how was your practice today?
Lisa: It was perfect! My time not playing during our school trip didn't matter at all!
Lisa: Ah, that's right. I actually have something I want to give both of you~.
Lisa: Here you go! Some souvenirs from the trip I went on the other day!
Marina: Ooh! Thank you, Lisa-chan. Are you sure it's okay for us to have this big box?
Lisa: Yeah! I figured it would be a problem if there wasn't enough, so I got one of the big ones. I picked it out with the others♪
Marina: Thanks!
Marina: By the way, where did you go for your school excursion?
Lisa: Australia! We saw a lot, like the Opera House and a zoo.
Marina: How nice~! Australia, huh? Did you have a lot of fun?
Lisa: You bet! It was so much fun, and we made lots of good memories!
Lisa: Ah. But, y'know~... I was our group's leader, and I got a little worked up in the beginning.
Marina: I see... Being the leader tends to make people nervous.
Lisa: You said it. Plus, it would suck if someone got lost during the trip, right?
Lisa: I'd be worried, and more importantly, the person it happened to would be uneasy... If we're overseas, I think that might lead to something that can't be undone~.
Lisa: So, I felt this kind of pressure. And I guess all my attention just went to everyone else rather than myself...
Lisa: But everyone told me it's okay to make mistakes and that even those mistakes will become fun memories!
Lisa: After that, the trip was so much fun...!
Marina: I see. That's great, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: Yeah, it was all thanks to the others. Plus, when I really think about it, not everything has gone perfectly in the past.
Lisa: The others and I had lots happen where we were at odds with each other or made mistakes, and we seriously worried about it...
Lisa: But all of that became good memories... I can think of it that way now.
Lisa: When I realized how the trip was the same, I stopped thinking I had to do this or that. And then I was able to fully enjoy it.
Marina: Mhm. I'm so glad to hear that. It's best to have fun on your school trip, after all.
Lisa: Right! I'm so grateful to Hina and the others for helping me realize that.
Lisa: We'll be graduating soon, but... I hope we can continue to share our feelings with each other.
Lisa: Of course, that goes for you and {{userName}}-san as well!
Lisa: That's why... I hope you'll continue to look after me, no, all of us.
Marina: Of course. We'll always be here waiting for you.
Lisa: Fufu, thanks! Well then, I'll see you later!
