1691_Lisa Imai_R3 When This Song Ends

<Tour Commemoration☆>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

[After School]

Lisa: Does everyone have a cup? Then here we go~...
Lisa: Here's to the completion and major success of our tour! Great job, you guys~! Cheers!!
All: Cheers!
Ako: Mmm, yum~! This is the same juice we always get, but it almost tastes even better today!
Rinko: Fufu. You're right, Ako-chan...
Yukina: Does it? I don't believe it's any different than usual...
Lisa: Ohh~, you just don't get it, Yukina~. The mood makes food taste better!
Yukina: I don't quite understand, but if you say so.
Sayo: Now then. We've finished our toast, so we should discuss areas of improvement for the last day of the tou-
Lisa: Sayo~. I told you we weren't going to do that today! This party is for us all to relieve our exhaustion from the tour!
Sayo: ... So it was. My apologies. I could not help my usual habit. It would appear I need to improve aspects such as this in the futu- Mmf?!
Ako: Sayo-san! These fries are really good~!
Sayo: Munch, munch... They are indeed delicious, but that was quite rough of you, Udagawa-san.
Ako: Ehehe, I'm sorry. But let's skip the difficult conversations for today and enjoy ourselves~!
Yukina: But we had a party after the concert, didn't we? Why are we having another?
Lisa: That time there were a lot of staff and people from the label, right?
Lisa: That was fun in its own way, but I also wanted to have a party with just us!
Lisa: Plus, we haven't had the time to leisurely hang out together lately because we've had the tour and entrance exams.
Rinko: That's true... We've been so busy lately... it feels like time went by in the blink of an eye...
Lisa: I know, right?! So this is a reward to ourselves. We take care of business when we have to and rest when we have to! Or something like that.
Yukina: ... You have a point. It is important to maintain a balance.
Sayo: It is just as you say, Imai-san. So, in regards to our future schedule... Ah. Today is not the day for that, is it?
Lisa: Exactly♪ Now you're getting it, Sayo~! Let's eat what we like and have fun doing the things we want☆
Ako: Ooh, ooh! I wanna eat this first! The king-sized Matcha, Strawberry, Chocolate, Banana, and Caramel Parfait!
Yukina: I can't imagine how that would taste...
Rinko: How many people... is the king size meant for...?
Lisa: Umm~... Ah, it says it serves five people exactly! Alrighty~, let's order this♪ Excuse me!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Arcade]

Lisa: Awww!! I lost again!!
Ako: Fu, fu, fu... Even for someone like you, defeating the great demon princess Ako in a rhythm game is, umm... something you couldn't do for a really long time~!
Yukina: It's hard to believe you can hit the buttons that rapidly. I'm impressed.
Sayo: She may be capitalizing on those reflexes and techniques in controlling her drumsticks.
Lisa: Ako~. Go easy on me at least once~... Wait. Huh? It's this time already?
Rinko: We had a lot of fun today... didn't we...?
Sayo: We should not stay out too late, so why don't we end things here for today?
Lisa: Ah, wait a second!
Yukina: What's the matter, Lisa?
Lisa: Why don't we take some photo booth pictures together before we go?
Rinko: You want to take... photo booth pictures...?
Lisa: Yeah, to commemorate the end of our nationwide tour! Plus~...
Sayo: ...?
Yukina: ... It's because this may be the last time for us to take one when all of Roselia's members are high school students. Am I correct?
Lisa: A-ahaha~. That's Yukina for you. I guess you figured me out~.
Lisa: Even I think I'm being sentimental, but... I kind of wanna have something physical to remember it by.
Rinko: I know how you feel, Imai-san...
Rinko: Whenever I think about how new things will happen in the future... our present... feels conversely precious...
Lisa: Yeah~, that's it! Rinko, that's the perfect way to put it!
Lisa: With that being said! C'mon, you guys! Please?!
Ako: Okay! I'm all for it, of course! Yukina-san, what about you and Sayo-san?
Yukina: Hmm... I understand where Rinko and Lisa are coming from.
Sayo: Yes, as do I...
Lisa: Okay~! Then let's take it before you all change your minds! C'mon, c'mon. Everybody get in the photo space!
Sayo: Whoa! Imai-san, I understand, so please do not push me like that...!
Lisa: No way~! It'd be a problem if you had a change of heart because I was taking my sweet time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: This space is fairly cramped. Where am I supposed to stand?
Ako: Hey, Lisa-nee. Which photo mode should we use~?
Sayo: Um... It would seem that a countdown has started...
Lisa: What? You're kidding me! You guys, make a pose! Hurry, hurry!
Lisa: C'mon, here it comes! Three, two, one...!
(White cut)


<Echoing Voices Where It Started>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Park]

Lisa: ...
Marina: Lisa-chan? What are you doing zoning out in a place like this? Is there something on your mind?
Lisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Um, I guess you could say that. Or rather...
Lisa: I was thinking back on all the things that have happened until now.
Lisa: Y'know how we just finished Roselia's nationwide tour the other day? Now that it's over, I realize we accomplished something pretty amazing~.
Lisa: I never would have imagined that I'd be going pro when I decided to make a go of it as Roselia two years ago.
Lisa: When I thought about that, I started recalling a lot of stuff.
Marina: I see. So I guess you were looking back on your beginning, huh?
Marina: A lot happened to you and Roselia in the two years since you formed the band.
Lisa: Yeah. And going even further back, a lot happened before that too... And the start of it was this park.
Lisa: When I was a kid, I had a session with Yukina and her dad here.
Lisa: Even when the sun went down, we'd whine and keep asking to do one more song... I bet Yukina's dad had a hard time back then~.
Marina: Fufu, how cute. Sessions must've been really fun for you and Yukina-chan when you were little.
Lisa: Yeah, they were. When we performed outside, it was like our music melted up into the sky. It felt really great♪
Lisa: That session of just enjoying songs in this park was when I started music. So when I come here, I'm reminded of how I felt back then.
Marina: Spots where you can return to your original feelings like that are important, aren't they?
Lisa: Right. I'd like to keep treasuring the joy and fun I experienced during that session here.
Lisa: I imagine I'll probably keep struggling over things and getting consumed by doubt because of Roselia's activities.
Lisa: But I'm sure if I remember how I felt in this park, I won't lose sight of why I'm playing music.
Lisa: Just kidding~. Was I basking in my memories too much?
Marina: No, not at all.
Marina: Isn't the fact that you can look back at what's happened to you so far proof that you've gotten over the many worries you had during your concert tour?
Marina: Once again, you did a great job, Lisa-chan. I went to go see the concert, and it really was a great one.
Lisa: Okay... Thanks, Marina-san!
Lisa: Ah, right. Hey, are the both of you headed back to CiRCLE right now?
Marina: That's right. We're finished with our shopping errand, after all.
Lisa: Then how about I tag along?
Marina: Of course that would be fine, but why the sudden interest?
Lisa: It's because CiRCLE also feels like a starting point for my relationship with music. So I was thinking that next, I'd like to try basking there for a little bit~☆
Marina: Hearing you say that about CiRCLE sure makes me happy~. Fufu. If that's the case, why don't we head there together?
Lisa: Yeah! Let's go, let's go~!
