1697_Lisa Imai_R4 Graduation

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating!
Kasumi: You're always so fashionable and kind! I love, love, love you, and how cool you are!
Kasumi: Even after you become a college student, please keep telling me all about the cute accessories and interesting shows!
Arisa: Lisa-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: I'm still really thankful for how you gave advice to shy old me.
Arisa: Oh, and the chocolates too! I practiced a little since then... Whenever you're free, we should make chocolates together again.
Rimi: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating.
Rimi: As a fellow bassist, I've always admired how dazzling you are on stage.
Rimi: I want to talk about the bass with you again... and maybe we can give lots of sweets recommendations too.
Tae: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating.
Tae: I can still vividly remember the view underwater when we went scuba diving. The way the seaweed was wriggling around was so cute.
Tae: Let's go see the mermaid again with everyone next time!
Saya: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating!
Saya: I had a lot of fun talking about baking snacks and just chatting with you.
Saya: I'm actually trying to bake a new kind of bread. If you don't mind, please give me some advice!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Congrats on graduating, Lisa!
Kokoro: We did a lot of things together, didn't we? That dragon dance we did in China Town was so fun! We should keep going to more places!
Hagumi: Lisa-senpai, congrats on graduating!
Hagumi: That hip-hop dance number we did together for the talent show was a lot of fun!
Hagumi: Let's dance together and perform live again!
Misaki: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating.
Misaki: I received a lot of advice from you regarding handicrafts and so much more... Really, you've helped me a lot.
Misaki: I'm nowhere close to your knitting skills, but I've gotten better at it, so expect a present of some kind one of these days.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Lisa-nee~! Congrats on graduating!
Ako: Whenever I messed up, you always told me it was okay and encouraged me. That's why I could practice a lot for Roselia...!
Ako: From now on and forever and ever, let's keep doing our best! And let's go through an NFO event again~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Lisa-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Eve: I had a lot of fun being a part of the handmade market with you!
Eve: My pouch-making skills have improved, so I am planning on making a backpack next! I would like to ask for your tutelage!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Lisa, congrats on graduating.
CHU² (Chiyu): Roselia's charm comes from its fine balance between intensity and encompassing warmth. It's not an exaggeration to say that that charm is all because of you.
CHU² (Chiyu): However, it is still incomplete. Continue polishing yourselves to avoid being swallowed by the professional scene.
LAYER (Rei): Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating.
LAYER (Rei): We talked a lot about accessories and playing the bass... I'm really glad we did.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, and thank you for bringing the sweetened coffee. I really respect... your kindness and hard work.
LOCK (Rokka): Lisa-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): I love how freaking cool you can be when you're performing, and how cute and fluffy you were during the Halloween festival!
LOCK (Rokka): So, umm, I hope we can spend more time together!
MASKING (Masuki): Lisa-san, congrats on graduatin'.
MASKING (Masuki): You sure are really good at bakin'. I know a place that sells cute cookin' utensils. Let's go there sometime!
PAREO (Reona): Lisa-san, congratulations on your graduation!
PAREO (Reona): I sincerely appreciated the wonderful advice you offered when I came to you about my repertoire of recipes!
PAREO (Reona): If it's alright, I would like to discuss a new recipe with you. I hope we can continue our relationship♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Lisa-san... C-congratulations on graduating.
Mashiro: I've always thought you're amazing because you can talk to anyone so easily, no matter who they are...
Mashiro: Next time, umm... could you teach me how to do a good job speaking to people I haven't talked to that much...?
Tsukushi: Lisa-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Tsukushi: I read Roselia's magazine interview. The interview itself was amazing, of course, but I also thought your hairstyle was really cute...!
Tsukushi: I want to do the same hairstyle on my little sister, so please show me how to do it!
Nanami: Lisa-senpai, congrats on graduating~.
Nanami: I always have lots of fun talking to you. We should get together with Chisato-senpai so we can have a great time talking about the bass again~.
Nanami: ... Oh, I'd be happy if you could join me in my hunt for more prizes in snacks~.
Rui: Imai-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: We may be in Roselia's care... in the future as well.
Rui: Please look after Morfonica from now on as always.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari & Toko: Lisa-senpai! Congratulations on graduating!  Lisa-san, congrats on graduating~!
Himari: You're so fashionable, kind, and skilled with your hands! You're like an upperclassman and big sister figure that I can look up to!
Himari: I wanna keep learning selfie tricks and getting outfit inspiration from you, so I hope I can come to you and chat! Let's go to some popular photogenic spots too!
Toko: That sounds like so much fun. I wanna go too...!
Toko: I was organizing the photos on my phone the other day and found some really awesome ones from the sakura party.
Toko: Let's go there again sometime! I just know the photos we're gonna take will be even more amazing than last time!
Ran: Lisa-san, congratulations on graduating.
Ran: I know I butt heads with Roselia a lot, but all in all, I enjoyed it.
Ran: I'm not good with scary stories and rumors either, so when we cleaned the school, I understood how you felt... I hope your college doesn't have scary stories and stuff.
Tomoe: Lisa-san, congrats on graduating!
Tomoe: Even though you were busy with Roselia and your part-time job, it was really awesome how you were always the first to learn all the dance moves!
Tomoe: You can dance with us anytime, even if you're in college!
Tsugumi: Lisa-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Tsugumi: Thank you for lending me an ear, whether at school, the live house, or even the café... It really meant a lot.
Tsugumi: Also, I had a lot of fun that time we went stargazing with everyone. We should all do it again sometime!
Moca: Lisa-san~, congrats on graduating~.
Moca: Thanks to you, working at the convenience store is always fun~.
Moca: I'll be in your care a lot from now on too. Thanks in advance~.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Where Memories Dwell>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: It's {{userName}}-san! Hiya~! Are you on your break?
Lisa: I'm on my way home from shopping! Look at all these shopping bags~.
Lisa: College students don't have uniforms, right? I was thinking of what I'll wear every day, and I ended up wanting some new clothes.
Lisa: Then I got tired and decided to rest and drink something sweet... Can I sit next to you?
Lisa: Thanks! Don't mind if I do☆
Lisa: Sigh~. My high school life is finally over!
Lisa: It was so much fun~. Sometimes it feels bittersweet, though.
Lisa: When I was shopping earlier, I remembered the time Rinko and I bought clothes together and the time I went with Tae and the others to the craft store.
Lisa: ... Hey, do you remember what I told you about school cleaning day?
Lisa: I was in the same group as Ran and Maya, and we had to clean the area around the well. There were rumors of a ghost there... Ugh, I still get chills just talking about it.
Lisa: And then there was the time I went to China Town with Kokoro and the others! It was like a little adventure. We had so much fun~.
Lisa: Also, there was that time Arisa and I made Valentine's chocolates, right~? And I brought Rimi to the candy shop with me~.
Lisa: ... I had such a fun three years~. I can remember everything like it was yesterday.
Lisa: And... how could I forget Roselia?
Lisa: You know, I actually initially joined mostly for Yukina's sake.
Lisa: I wanted to support her. See her smile again.
Lisa: I thought that was why I had to do my best... but now that I think about it, it ended up backfiring a bit.
Lisa: But still, I think a lot changed in these three years.
Lisa: I don't know how to put it into words... Hmm... I feel like I can see things from different perspectives now.
Lisa: Like I just told you, I have so many good memories inside my heart.
Lisa: Going to all sorts of places, meeting all kinds of people, experiencing so many things...
Lisa: Because of all of that, I think I've gradually come to realize something.
Lisa: Like, I have these strong feelings inside me, of who I wanna be and what I wanna do, and it's all for myself, not someone else!
Lisa: Being able to have these thoughts is a big step for me, personally.
Lisa: Just like how Roselia's gone pro and moved on to the next stage, maybe I've moved on as well☆
Lisa: You think so too? Fufu, thanks!
Lisa: If I wanna continue growing, then first, I gotta enjoy my new stage: college!
Lisa: I'm, like, getting so hyped for it.
Lisa: Even once I become a college student, let's still chat like this sometimes, okay? I'm sure I'll have lots of things I wanna talk to you about!
Lisa: Yeah! It's a promise!
Lisa: Okay, I should go now. Thanks for listening to me as always! See you~!
