1710_Lisa Imai_R5 No More Uniform

Gacha phrase: Alrighty, I'll be off!

<Beside Me on My New Path, Pt. 1>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Let's see. I've got my pencil case and notepad... I put my pouch in there, too...
Lisa: Ah, my information session documents! That was close~. I almost forgot the most important thing. Okay... I'm not forgetting anything else.
Lisa: Alrighty, I'll be off!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Campus Street]

Aya: It feels so new for us three to commute to school together~!
Chisato: Yes. After all, we went to a different high school than you, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: Mhmm! Plus, the three of us have never really hung out until now, have we? That's why I was looking forward to today~.
Lisa: By the way, what do you think we'll be doing in our faculty information sessions? Our documents said there'll be an explanation for the new semester.
Chisato: Good question... Wouldn't it be an in-depth explanation of how to enroll in courses and the like?
Lisa: Right, the course registration period is going to start soon, isn't it~?
Aya: If I remember correctly, we can make our class schedules as we like! I wonder what kind of lectures there are~. I'm so excited!
Lisa: I know what you mean! Yesterday, I was just thinking about how college and high school are totally different~.
Lisa: For yesterday's entrance ceremony, the auditorium was filled by a single faculty. That'd be ridiculous for high school, right?
Aya: So you thought so, too? I'm sure there are still lots of surprises waiting for us. So we'll have to gradually get used to it and become university students!
Chisato: Right. And for that reason, we can't accidentally head off to Hanasakigawa.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan~! Don't tell her that~!
Lisa: Ahaha. But that's a relief... I wasn't the only one...
Aya: Huh? Does that mean you went to Haneoka?!
Lisa: I'm pretty sure I wouldn't do that~. It's just that I'm not used to going to school without wearing a uniform.
Chisato: Fufu, that can't be helped. It just means that our daily lives as high school students came so naturally to us.
Lisa: And from now on, it'll be natural for us to go to school in fashionable clothes instead of uniforms. Yeah, I can't wait!
Lisa: I have so many outfits I want to wear that I kept going back and forth in front of my mirror last night.
Lisa: Sigh~. I wonder what I should wear tomorrow~!
Aya: Fufu. Lisa-chan, today has only just started~.
Chisato: ... Ah! I got a message from Kanon. Please excuse me for a moment.
Aya: What did she say?
Chisato: Apparently, she made it to Keiho Women's University without getting lost.
Aya: Ahh~, thank goodness!
Lisa: See? She was fine! She didn't seem even slightly nervous when she split off from us earlier.
Chisato: That's true, however... While she has made it to the front gate, apparently, she doesn't know how to reach her classroom from there...
Chisato: ... Hm? Fufu. It seems she was able to meet with Maya-chan. Apparently, she's going to take her to her classroom.
Chisato: Ohh... That Kanon... I wonder if she'll be able to commute properly from tomorrow...
Lisa: Ahaha... Chisato, you worry too much~. We've only just enrolled, so things like that will happen.
Lisa: We said so before, right? This will become normal for us eventually.
Chisato: ... Yes, true enough. It's not good that I worry too much, is it?
Lisa: That's right! If you worry that much, it'll actually make Kanon self-conscious... Wait, is that the time already?!
Aya: ...? What's the matter, Lisa-chan? I'm sure we'll be totally on time for our information sessions...
Lisa: No, that's not it... I was just wondering if Yukina was able to wake up properly. Apparently, she was reviewing our tour footage until late last night.
Lisa: The Faculty of Arts information session is in the afternoon, so I told her that if she isn't awake by this time, she won't make it on time, but... I wonder if she's okay~…
Lisa: I'm sorry! Would it be okay for me to send her a message?!
Aya: Y-yeah... That'd be fine.
Lisa: Ohh~, sorry about this. I'll be done real quick.
Lisa: Let's see. Oh no. There isn't even a read icon on the messages I sent her this morning. Ohh~, Yukina~.
Chisato & Aya: ...
Lisa: I'm really sorry. Can I actually call her?
Chisato: We don't really mind...
Chisato & Aya: ... Fufu.
Lisa: Hm? Is something wrong?
Chisato: Fufu. I just thought that you worry too much yourself.
Lisa: Huh...? A-ahaha... You've got a point there! I guess I'm in no position to judge either~.
(Black cut)


<Beside Me on My New Path, Pt. 2>

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Yotsuba Women's University - Front Gate]

Lisa: Mmm! Our information session is over~. It felt like time just sped by.
Chisato: Wouldn't that prove how much you were focused on listening?
Aya: At any rate, that packet they handed out sure was thick~. It's called a syllabus... right? I was surprised by how many lectures there are to choose from!
Chisato: Right. It was more than I was expecting. Even if we exclude other faculties' open lectures, there is still a large number to choose from.
Lisa: Hmm, I wonder which ones I should choose... Aya, have you already figured out which ones you want to take?
Aya: Hmm. First, I'd like to do my best in my faculty courses, but if I have time, I'd like to try taking other faculties' open lectures~.
Aya: The Faculty of Arts has a lecture called "Vocal Music Foundational Seminar" that I thought might connect to stage performance. So I'm really interested in it!
Chisato: Aya-chan. It's wonderful that you're enthusiastic, but we still have work, so be careful not to take on an excessive schedule.
Aya: I-I know~! Of course, I'll make sure not to let it affect my work!
Lisa: I've also got Roselia activities, so I'll have to be careful, too...
Lisa: There are a bunch of interesting-looking clubs... No matter how much time I have, I doubt it'd be enough~.
Chisato: But seeing that we can freely decide for ourselves, I'm sure we can be much more flexible with our time compared to high school.
Lisa: That's true! I guess university really will be what we make of it~.
Chisato: Yes. We may all be busy, but let's do what we can.
Aya: Yeah! Let's all do our best!
Lisa: Right. Fufu. I'm starting to look forward to it now☆ I wonder what kind of class schedule I should go with~.
Lisa: Hey, I've got an idea! Do you guys have plans after this? Since we're together, let's go out for lunch and discuss course registration♪
Chisato: How nice. In that case, what do you think of going to the café along Campus Street? They have a lunch menu for students.
Aya: That's the place with stylish terrace seating, right? I was curious about that spot~!
Lisa: Well then. Let's go to that café!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Ah, here she comes. Yukina, yoo-hoo~☆
Yukina: ... Lisa. What are you doing here?
Lisa: You sent me a message saying you finished your information session, right? So, I figured you'd be arriving at the station about now.
Yukina: So you went to the trouble of waiting for me?
Lisa: I wasn't waiting the whole time, y'know? I was at a café with Aya and Chisato until a while ago~.
Yukina: I see. You were there for quite some time.
Lisa: We were thinking about our class schedules together, and then evening came before we knew it.
Lisa: Ah, that's right! Their lattes are really good... Let's go there together next time.
Yukina: Alright.
Lisa: So? How was your day today?
Yukina: You ask that, but nothing happened in particular.
Lisa: Aww~, what about your information session? Have you already decided which lectures you want to take?
Yukina: No, not yet. There were so many types of lectures, like compulsory, elective, and so on, that I wasn't quite sure which ones to choose.
Lisa: I see... I thought as much~. But wasn't it kind of exciting?
Yukina: Exciting? ... Was it?
Lisa: Yeah! When I was in my information session, I was anxious about whether I'd be able to handle things from now on.
Lisa: But as I was thinking about class schedules with the others, it felt like I'd taken a step towards being a university student. That made me feel pretty excited!
Yukina: ... I see. So that's what you meant.
Yukina: You make a good point. I may feel more like a university student now than I did yesterday.
Lisa: I know, right?! Well, in the end, we got hyped over something unrelated. So, I wasn't able to pick any lectures at all...
Lisa: So, Yukina. Why don't we think about our class schedules together at my house?
Yukina: Yes, let's. I was thinking of asking you about how to register for courses.
Lisa: Okay, then it's settled! Ah! If we have the same class for our first period, I'll go to your house and wake you up.
Yukina: That's not necessary. I can wake up on my own.
Lisa: That's rich coming from someone who, on the day of their important information session, was sleeping until they got a phone call.
Yukina: Th-that was... very helpful. Thank you.
Lisa: Fufu. You're welcome☆ Well then, shall we get going?
Yukina: Right.
Lisa: Yukina... Let's keep working hard together.
(White cut)
