1779_Lisa Imai_R5 Summer Splash!

Gacha phrase: ... Looks like it's penalty time☆

<Fun Trip Plans>

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Sayo~, thanks for waiting~! Sorry I'm so late~.
Sayo: I also just arrived. You have many bags, so there is no need to rush.
Lisa: Thanks, Sayo. Man~. Getting ready this morning took longer than I thought it would~. Like with my hair and my clothes.
Sayo: Yes, you seem particularly motivated today.
Lisa: Ah, can you tell~? It's been a while since we had major fun together, so I'm super stoked about it~!
Lisa: I picked out all the clothes I was going to wear before I went to bed yesterday, but I ended up rethinking my choices this morning.
Sayo: Fufu. That just shows you have been looking forward to it that much.
Lisa: Of course I was~! And I heard from Hina that you've been fidgety for the past couple of days~.
Sayo: ...! I swear, that Hina... She simply would not listen this morning and insisted on coming along.
Lisa: Ahaha. I bet she'll be sad not having you around for the whole day~.
Lisa: Fufu. Well then, let's buy her lots of souvenirs♪
Lisa: Ah, I also have to take a lot of photos with you. That's what she asked me for, after all.
Sayo: That girl. I can't believe she would ask you for something like that... My apologies.
Lisa: Nah, it's okay! Alright. How about we head off to borrow the rental car?
Sayo: Right. The rental car shop is about a five-minute walk from here... correct?
Lisa: That's right! It's a good thing we chose the branch closest to the station. It's convenient, and we won't get lost along the way...
Sayo: It was thanks to all of the research you did. Thank you very much.
Lisa: You're welcome☆ And thank you for helping out so much~.
Sayo: So, which car did you ultimately decide on?
Lisa: Fufu. That's a surprise for when we get there☆
Lisa: But I had a fair bit of trouble choosing~. When I searched for cars on the rental car website, there were a lot of options~.
Lisa: I got puzzled, wondering which one would be comfortable for everyone to ride in or which would be easiest for us to drive~.
Sayo: That is a good point... Although we might simply describe them as cars, there are many differences in design and performance.
Lisa: There was this really cool car, too~. It was wine red and had a really sharp shape to it...
Sayo: That does seem like it would suit you, but I think we would do better with a car we can all ride comfortably in...
Lisa: O-oh come on. I know what I'm like, but I didn't choose that car!
Lisa: So, even after making the reservation, I was worried if I had done it right, and I kept checking the site multiple times~.
Sayo: Had the car reservation not been made properly, it would have greatly altered our trip plans. So it is no wonder that you would be worried.
Lisa: Right~. Ngh~. Going on a drive with people other than my family~... Now I'm getting nervous~.
Sayo: Since getting my license, Hina has been the only person I have had in the car as I drove, so I feel the same way.
Lisa: Right~. But doesn't it also make you a little excited?
Sayo: Excited...?
Lisa: Remember how when we were high school students and went on farther trips, we could only use trains and buses?
Lisa: But now we can drive to go out far. So it kinda feels like we've become adults~.
Sayo: True. Compared to our time as high school students, there is much that we can do freely.
Lisa: I know, right? Going to pick everyone up in a car is so mature and cool, so it gets me excited~.
Lisa: We'd be all, "You guys~. We're here to pick you up☆" as we gracefully show up in the car...
Sayo: Imai-san, while I understand your elation, we are still novice drivers.
Sayo: Let us never be neglectful in confirming our safety.
Lisa: Of course!
Lisa: I put together some safe driving goods for today~. For example... this!
Lisa: Extra strong mint gum! If you start feeling sleepy, just let me know!
Sayo: Thank you very much. I have also taken a variety of precautions.
Sayo: First, there is coffee to prevent drowsiness while driving. I also have some for you in a bottle.
Sayo: Also, I have brought several cold eye masks, neck pillows, and blankets so that we may rest properly during breaks.
Sayo: I have also brought a driver's handbook for caution's sake, so if you ever feel uneasy, please look through it.
Lisa: Whoa, that's amazing! So that's why you had so much luggage...!
Sayo: Yes. I am still a beginner, and it is said that you do not have to worry if you are prepared. I prepared everything with Hina's help.
Lisa: That's Sayo for you. You're so dependable~☆ To be honest, I'm still a little unsure when it comes to parking, so could I borrow the handbook later?
Sayo: Of course. I also have things I would like to confirm. Why don't we review together before we depart?
Lisa: Yeah! Let's~! ... Fufu.
Sayo: Is something the matter?
Lisa: I was just thinking that having you with me is reassuring~☆
Lisa: I was worried when I was getting ready on my own and just a minute ago. But talking with you kinda made me feel like things will be okay.
Sayo: The sentiment is mutual.
Sayo: When I was packing, I also worried about things that had not even happened, but as I've been talking with you, it feels as though that anxiety has lessened.
Lisa: Fufu... The two of us should be able to handle it!
Sayo: Yes. Let us help each other today and make this a wonderful drive.
Lisa: Alrighty. I'm gonna do my best driving~!!


<Enjoy the Moment☆>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hiya~☆
Marina: Hey there, Lisa-chan. Are you on your way home from practice?
Lisa: Yup! We're all on summer vacation and have time to spare. So we did some intense practicing today~.
Marina: I see. Good work! Roselia seems as busy as ever.
Lisa: You could say that~. We had our nationwide tour and collab. But not too long ago, we all got one week off~!
Marina: A whole week? I'm so jealous~.
Lisa: Right? Harumi-san adjusted our schedule because things will get busy again after this, and she wanted us to take it easy while we can.
Lisa: Since resting properly is also a pro's responsibility, we put all our effort into doing that for one week~.
Marina: Practice and work are important, but so is restoring your energy. Were you able to enjoy your vacation?
Lisa: Perfectly! The beach, in particular, was fun~☆ Sayo and I drove everyone out to a far-off beach.
Marina: A beach, huh~? That sounds perfect for summer! I'd love to see you and Sayo-chan driving.
Lisa: Ahaha. I'm still not completely used to it, so when I was on the expressway, my heart raced as I gripped the steering wheel~.
Lisa: And since we said we wouldn't think about music so we could leisurely relax, we decided that whoever talked about music would face a penalty!
Lisa: In the end, Yukina talked about music. We made her say "meow" at the end of every sentence. It was super cute and funny~☆
Marina: ... Meow? Yukina-chan was saying that...? I can't picture it at all...
Lisa: Fufu. I know, right~? Aww, I should've taken a video of it. I did get some photos, though...
Marina: Wow, that's an incredible amount of photos. You certainly took a lot.
Lisa: Do you think so? I was so focused on having fun that I think there were quite a few times I forgot to take pictures...
Lisa: We all got on a beach float, ate shaved ice, and went parasailing... It really was fun~.
Marina: Parasailing...?!
Lisa: Yeah! Awesome, huh? It was my first time going to the beach as a university student. Unlike before, there were more places to visit and things to do, so I was hyped~!
Lisa: That time when Roselia and Afterglow went to the beach was also a lot of fun, but...
Lisa: That was my last summer as a high school student, so I had a strong feeling of sadness, and I even cried a little bit~.
Lisa: But even though I thought that I didn't want to graduate yet, now I think being a university student is great, so it feels weird~.
Marina: That just shows that you're enjoying the moment.
Lisa: I see. You're right~! Yeah! In that case, I'll keep enjoying the moment with everything I've got☆ That's more my style!
Lisa: Oh, that's right! I've got souvenirs for you and {{userName}}-san~. Here you go.
Marina: Wow. Can we really have these? Thanks, Lisa-chan.
Lisa: You're welcome☆ They're sea glass phone straps that a stall on the beach was selling, and...
