1884_Lisa Imai_R5 Her Springtime Sunlit Figure

Gacha phrase: Ah, wait, how about a shrine visit~!

<Let's Go Home in Peace>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Inside the car]

Lisa: We just arrived at the rest area~! It always feels tougher on the way back than on the way there.
Lisa: I'll go and get something to drink, how about you all?
Rimi: Yawn… Ah, sorry! What did you say, Lisa-san?
Toko: Oh… have we arrived home…?
Lisa: Fufu. Not yet. This is just the rest area. We'll be on the highway for a while longer, so I thought we should take a break for now.
Moca: The back seat crew are all tuckered out~
Lisa: Well we've been playing all day, and walked quite a bit. We also went around the different shops buying souvenirs.
CHU² (Chiyu): My feet are swollen… Sorry, I'll be waiting in the car.
Lisa: Okay☆ Toko and Rimi, are you both waiting in the car, too? I'll get something to drink for you all.
Rimi: Oh, thank you~…
Toko: Lisa-san, you are an angel…
Moca: Moca-chan is coming with you~
Lisa: Fufu, thank you! Then, shall we?
Toko: Moca-san is an angel, too~… Thank you, both of you… yawn…
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rest Area - Food Court]

Lisa: I got chewing gum to keep me awake, eye drops… We didn’t get snacks though, would it be fine?
Moca: They seem to be sleepy, should be fine.
Lisa: We got all… Ah! We haven't gotten drinks yet!
Moca: Fu, fu, fu~, no worries~. Tara rara~~
Lisa: Wow, this is my favorite Café au Lait! And you bought drinks for everyone!
Moca: While Lisa-san was in the checkout line, Moca-chan realized they weren't in the basket, so went to get them~
Lisa: Moca~~! Thanks! You're so reliable~
Lisa: Now we've got everything, so let's take a short break!
Moca: Sure~
Moca: …So, how's Roselia lately~?
Lisa: Hmm? What's the matter all of a sudden?
Moca: Nah~. We don't see each other at work that often anymore, so I realized we haven't gotten to talk like this for a while.
Lisa: That might be true. Roselia is… well, we're managing somehow.
Lisa: There's lots of things I find difficult while we're on our various jobs though.
Lisa: As professionals, there's various circumstances and situations, so we can't always have things the way we want them, and there's things we have to put up with.
Moca: I see~.
Lisa: Of course, it feels just as rewarding! And I appreciate the great environment we've gotten to work in.
Lisa: But that said, I just hope that even in such situations, the rest don't overexert themselves, or keep things bottled up.
Moca: That includes you too, Lisa-san~.
Lisa: What?
Moca: Lisa-san always worries about others and puts herself last, so Moca-chan worries about her~
Lisa: Ahaha. Sure, I'll pay attention to myself, too.
Moca: Yes, good girl~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Inside the car]

Lisa: We're back- ☆ Sorry for the wait! Here you are, your drinks… Oh.
Moca: What's the matter~?
Lisa: Shhh--… Look.
Toko: Zzz-... Zzz-...
Rimi: Kuu…
CHU² (Chiyu): Nnn~… PAREO~…
Moca: They are sleeping~
Lisa: They're really drained. Fufu… Rimi and CHU² are both leaning on Toko sleeping.
Lisa: How cute they are~☆ CHU² was like that while she was awake, but…
CHU² (Chiyu): ..Fufu…
Moca: She seems to be having a happy dream~
Lisa: Let's try not to wake them up on the way back. Moca, you can take a nap too if you're sleepy.
Moca: I'm not sleepy so it's okay. Besides, being awake lets me see rare sights like this~
Moca: True, I'll take some pictures of their sleeping faces~. They will become a part of today's memories.
Lisa: Ahaha, then Moca-chan will too~
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Discovering a New Side of Her?>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE cafeteria]

Lisa: There y'all are. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Happy new year.
Marina: Lisa-chan! Happy new year to you, too.
Lisa: Yeees! I'm just here today to pass you something~
Lisa: Here you go! A souvenir from the New Year's trip☆ Please enjoy it with the CiRCLE staff!
Marina: Wow! Are you sure? Thank you!
Marina: I see~. So you went on a New Year's trip, huh?
Lisa: Yep. We all ate luxurious New Year's dishes together, and wore kimono too. It was so much fun!
Marina: Hehe, that sounds nice. Did you go with your family?  Or was it with other Roselia members?
Lisa: Nah. Me, Moca, Toko, CHU² and Rimi. The five of us went together.
Marina: Wow, that's a pretty rare combination.
Lisa: Ahaha, quite a lot led up to it.
Lisa: At first, Toko and CHU² quarreled a lot, and I was quite worried what would happen~
Lisa: But Moca managed to smooth things over between them skillfully. At the end of it, Toko and CHU² seem to be getting along better.
Marina: Fufu, that's good to hear. That's all thanks to you and Moca-chan, huh?
Lisa: No no, we did do what we could, but the turning point was probably during the kimono fitting I think?
Lisa: It seemed like CHU² had some trouble putting on the kimono, and Toko came to her aid quickly. So, CHU² saw her in a new light from there.
Lisa: CHU² didn’t know that Toko's family owns a kimono shop. She seemed a bit surprised when she found out.
Marina: I see. CHU² might never have found out if she didn't go on the trip with you all.
Lisa: You're right about that! That's one of the perks about going on trips, getting to know different sides of each other you wouldn't have known otherwise.
Lisa: Seeing Rimi's explosive love for cornets also made me think, "Wow, I've never seen this side of her before."
Marina: Her love for cornets?
Lisa: She found a soft serve cornet stall at the shrine, and the moment she saw it her eyes were sparkling, telling us we absolutely had to try it.
Lisa: After that, her energy was so high going around the stalls, it was tough making sure no one got lost~
Marina: That sounds like quite the experience! That must have been tough, but it sounds like you had quite a lot of fun too, huh?
Lisa: Haha, exactly! Thanks to Rimi, we got to visit a lot of stalls we normally wouldn't visit!
Marina: Fufu. Listening to your stories makes me want to travel somewhere too.
Lisa: Then, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, maybe we should go somewhere together next time?
Marina: Huh?
Lisa: See, I know you well as a member of CiRCLE… But there's a lot more to you I don't know about. I'm sure I'll get to see other interesting sides to you two☆
Marina: Oh, come on now, I don't think I have that many interesting sides to me…
Lisa: Everyone thinks that about themselves.
Marina: Maybe that's true. But I'd love to go with Lisa-chan. You too, right?
Lisa: Yay-☆　I'm looking forward to it.
Lisa: Well then, I have to go hand out these souvenirs to other people, so I should make a move. Good luck with your work, both of you!
Marina: Okay, see you soon, Lisa-chan~
