1946_Lisa Imai_R5 Your Increasingly Distant Back

Gacha phrase: Tears just started to come out before I knew…!

<To Take A Chance>

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: Okay, we arrived on time! I guess we'll be able to see the opening act and the live show♪.
Yukina: Yesterday's weather forecast said it was going to be cloudy. Thank goodness it turned out to be fine.
Lisa: Yeah, yeah. The sun is warm and sunny, It's a perfect day for an outdoor live show.
Yukina: I wish Sayo and the others could've come too.
Lisa: Well it was a sudden invite from me after all~. Ako was really disappointed, I feel bad. I'm glad that Yukina came at least.
Yukina: Even if I hadn't come, Lisa would've come to see the live show today anyway, right? As we're ramping up towards All Music Fes.
Lisa: Ahaha, you figured it out, didn't you? Today's live show is not as big as All Music Fes., but I thought we might find it useful.
Yukina: Well, it's a great opportunity. I'll be grateful for the opportunity to learn.
Lisa: Right? I'll have to keep it in my mind's eye so I can share it with everyone later!
Lisa: ... Oh, the train's coming soon! Let's go, Yukina!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Outdoor Festival Venue]

Lisa: Wow...! Yukina! Now that band was super good!!
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Huh, not so much, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes, there were many learning points we could take reference from. I was just thinking about how to make the best use of it since it's different from Roselia's direction.
Lisa: Oh, no...! I came here for a preview, but half of me was just enjoying myself normally...!
Yukina: I think it's fine. That's how much you were attracted to it.
Yukina: To be honestly impressed or moved. Such feelings are also an important part of the live performance.
Lisa: Yukina... Fufu, yes, that's right♪.
Lisa: Well, even so, the way the sound resonates in the open air is totally different. I can feel it even more when I'm in the audience.
Yukina: Yeah... at the rehearsal before the All Music Fes., we have to check the sound more than usual.
Lisa: Right. I'll make a note of that too. Do you want to continue watching the next band?
Yukina: No, let's take a break. We're a little far away, but we can still hear the sound here.
Lisa: Okay! This is one of the great things about being outdoors! In a live house, you can't really hear the sound inside if you're outside.
Lisa: ... Oh, maybe I know the next band. Weren't they at the last event we went to? You can see a little bit of the stage from here.
Yukina: ... From a distance, this venue is pretty big, too.
Lisa: Yes, it is, but All Music Fes. has an even bigger stage, right?
Yukina: Yes, it is. The capacity... is about 1.5 times bigger than here, I think.
Lisa: All Music Fes. has an amazingly big venue, doesn't it?
Lisa: ...
Yukina: What's wrong, Lisa? Are you nervous?
Lisa: Hmmm. Maybe it's a little different... from being nervous. I can't really explain it...
Lisa: All Music Fes. has a bigger stage than the one we just saw, and the audience will be amazingly enthusiastic.The bands around us will all be more established than us.
Lisa: Even in such a situation, we'll have to deliver results as Roselia and as professionals...
Yukina: Without a doubt, we are going to be on a stage that we have never experienced before.
Lisa: That's why it's worth the challenge. Right, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes, that's right.
Lisa: ... Yeah, thinking about it like that makes me feel more serious. After all, I'm glad I came to see the festival today.
Yukina: ... Oh, by the way, I haven't thanked you yet. Thanks, Lisa.
Lisa: For inviting you to the festival today? Then there's no need to thank me, Yukina.
Yukina: No, not only that, but also about All Music Fes.
Yukina: That day when we decided to participate, I was a little surprised when Lisa told me what you were thinking.
Yukina: But then you told me that you wanted to participate, and you encouraged me and everyone else to make up our minds. So thank you.
Yukina: ... Lisa has really been such a great help to me.
Lisa: Ahaha, don't do that suddenly!
Lisa: Roselia has always seized every chance we've been given, right? Even All Music Fes. this time round was no exception.
Lisa: That's why I, as a member of Roselia, just want to do what I can do.
Yukina: Yes, All Music Fes. this time round... Even if it's a stage like we've never experienced before, we'll do what we can do with all our might, just as we have always done.
Lisa: Yeah... Right, Yukina?
Lisa: Let's make All Music Fes. the best stage for all of us!
Yukina: ...yes.


<Unsettled Feelings>

(Character: Lisa Imai)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Marina: Good job. Let's take a lunch break. What do you want to eat today?
Marina: Huh? It's Lisa-chan sitting over there. She looks kind of absent-minded...
Marina: Hey, Lisa-chaaan.
Lisa: Oh, Marina-san. And {{userName}}-san, too.
Marina: Hello. Did you make a studio booking today?
Lisa: No, I didn't. I only dropped by the café today. I just wanted to... take some time to relax.
Marina: You've been busy lately, haven't you? After all, you performed at the All Music Fes.!
Marina: I couldn't get tickets and couldn't go, but I've heard good things about you on social media. I heard that Roselia's performance was really good.
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks...I see, it was well-received...
Marina: Maybe... for Lisa-chan, was it an unsatisfying show?
Lisa: Well... I guess so. I mean, everyone in Roselia might think so.
Marina: Is that so......
Lisa: Before we went out on stage, we knew it would be a new stage for us, we were so excited with everyone to make it a great show...
Lisa: But when we went out on stage, we realized painfully that we just weren't adequate.
Marina: ... I see. The other bands were all amazing, weren't they?
Lisa: Yeah... it was kind of shocking. Even though we were all professionals, the gap couldn't be any larger.
Marina: Lisa-chan...
Lisa: I also had my own personal feelings about it this time, I was really into it... In the end, it just didn't work out...
Marina: I don't know the details of the situation, but isn't it a good thing for you to be that motivated?
Lisa: Yeah... but in my case, it caused everyone else a lot of trouble...
Marina: Did something serious happen...?
Lisa: Hmmm...! I'm sorry, please pretend you didn't hear that!
Lisa: I'll talk about it when I've got a little more clarity about my feelings. I can't really say it right now...
Marina: Lisa-chan...
Marina: Yes, of course. If you feel like talking, you can always come to me.
Lisa: Thank you... Marina-san!
Marina: No matter what, CiRCLE is like Roselia's hometown. ... But that's just what I think.
Lisa: Ahaha, but it really is. Marina-san is like everyone's big sister.
Marina: Really? Fufu, I'm so happy to have so many cute little sisters.
Lisa: Really, I'm sure there are lots of girls who think so.
Lisa: ... Thanks so much. You two have made me feel a little better.
Marina: I'm glad to hear that. You're welcome to continue our conversation anytime.
Lisa: Then I'll be back again soon! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, good luck with your work!
