event287-06 Chapter 5: The Future Each One Envisions

Seeing Arisa downhearted, Tae suggests making a detour. The place she takes her is—

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Walking Home]

Arisa: ...
Tae: Hey, want to take a little detour on the way home today?
Arisa: Huh?
Tae: I mean, we had a lot of customers today and carried a bunch of heavy stuff, so I'm starving.
Arisa: Well, I guess it's fine once in a while. I'll message my grandma I won't be home for dinner.
Tae: Yes! Then let’s get fast food! They’ve got a new limited-time burger starting yesterday!
Arisa: You don’t have to rush like that, it’s not like I’m gonna run away.
Arisa: (Could it be that O-Tae... is still hung up on what happened earlier?)
Arisa: Okay, okay. Just calm down—if you trip, it’ll be dangerous.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Fast Food Store]

Tae: Ah! That seat’s open. Look, Arisa, over here!
Arisa: Yeah yeah, thanks for grabbing it~.
Tae: Alright, let’s dig in! ...Mmm~! Arisa, this is super good!
Arisa: Let’s eat... Mmm! You’re right, it’s great...!
Tae: See? Good thing we stopped by! Eating with a friend after work like this is kind of nice, huh?
Arisa: Oh, I get that. Maybe that’s why people go drinking after work too.
Tae: You’re right!
Tae: ...Fufu.
Arisa: ? What is it?
Tae: I’m glad—it looks like you’ve gotten a little of your energy back, Arisa.
Arisa: Ah... so I really did make you worry. Sorry.
Tae: No, it’s fine.
Arisa: ...Hey. About what I said earlier—the stuff I’ve been thinking about. Would you mind listening after this?
Tae: Yeah, of course.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Park]

Tae: That hamburger earlier was really good. Next time, let’s come with everyone from Poppin’Party.
Arisa: Yeah.
Tae: So, what did you wanna talk about?
Arisa: ...Well. Something you said got me thinking...
Tae: Something I said? What was it?
Arisa: About you not quitting the music store job.
Tae: Ah, that. Yeah, I’m not quitting. Why do you ask?
Arisa: But that doesn’t mean you’re giving up on being a studio musician, right? I mean, becoming a studio musician is your dream for the future...
Tae: Yeah, exactly. I’m doing both because I enjoy both.
Arisa: But you can only really do one thing in the future, right?
Tae: ? Why just one?
Arisa: Huh? But O-Tae, you’re just one person... you’ve only got one body, right? You can’t just try to do everything at once.
Tae: Really? I think if I put my mind to it, I can. I mean, I’m already juggling two part-time jobs.
Arisa: But if you start working as a professional studio musician and become a full-time employee at the music store, things might not go so well, you know?
Tae: Yeah, that’s true. But they might go well too, don’t you think?
Arisa: Well... I guess that’s true, but still...
Tae: ...? Why do you think you have to quit something just to do something else?
Arisa: Huh? But once you’re an adult... once you’re working full-time, you can’t really do both, can you?
Tae: Really? But wouldn’t it be fun if you could do both?
Arisa: Fun isn’t really the point, is it...? I mean, preparing for the job you want to do in the future is tough enough, and that’s why everyone focuses on just one goal, right?
Tae: ...? I don’t think it has to be just one, though.
Arisa: What...?
Tae: Remember before, when your grades dropped and the teacher gave you a hard time about band? You didn’t give up on either one—you stuck it out and did both, right?
Arisa: Well... yeah, that’s true... but this feels kinda different, you know...?
Tae: It’s the same. You keep going with both because they’re both important. I think it’s fine to make that choice.
Tae: And like you said, Arisa, preparing toward a single goal is really important too.
Tae: But I think just as important is valuing “the things that make your heart happy” right now.
Arisa: The things that make my heart happy...
Tae: That goes for you too, right?
Arisa: Huh?
Tae: Are you gonna quit Poppin’Party once you’re an adult?
Arisa: What!? Of course not!
Tae: Then isn’t that the same thing? Even when you’re an adult working, it doesn’t mean you’d quit Poppin’Party, right?
Arisa: That’s not what I meant...!
Arisa: ...No, to you, O-Tae, it really is the same, isn’t it? The music store job, being a studio musician, and Poppin’Party.
Tae: Yeah, the same. That’s why, even when I’m an adult, I want to do them all!
Tae: And I’m sure I’ll find more things from here on that make my heart just as happy. When I do, I’ll do all of those too!
Arisa: Haha... that’s so like you, O-Tae, really.
Arisa: ......
Arisa: (I always thought that once you became an adult, you had to choose just one path and devote yourself to it... but maybe that’s not really the case.)
Arisa: ...Maybe I should try looking a little more—for the things that make my heart happy right now.
Tae: Yeah, I think that’s a great idea!
Arisa: Thanks, O-Tae. I feel a lot better now that we talked.
Tae: ? You’re welcome.
Arisa: Alright... One more day at the shop... I’ll give it my all tomorrow too~!
Tae: Yeah~!
