event287-03 Chapter 2: The You I Don’t Know at Work

While working, Arisa watches Tae in action. She seems different from how she is in Poppin’Party—

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Rimi: O-Tae-chan, working again today?
Tae: Yeah. I'm going with Arisa. How about you, Rimi? How’s studying for cram school tests going?
Rimi: It’s been kinda tough... This time the test is elective, so I picked English and World History, but there’s just so much to study for World History...
Tae: I see. But it's all for your study abroad dreams, right? You got this, Rimi.
Rimi: Yeah, thanks, O-Tae-chan.
Tae: By the way, since it was elective, why didn’t you choose music?
Rimi: Oh, uh... music wasn't one of the options...
Tae: Really? That’s a shame.
Arisa: Hey, O-Tae~. Time to head out for work~.
Tae: Coming!
Rimi: O-Tae-chan, Arisa-chan, good luck with your shift.
Arisa & Tae: Thank you! Thanks!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Store]

Arisa: Um... we're running low on the campaign strings... Do we still have any left...?
Staff: I think there should still be some in the back. I’m a bit tied up—can you check? If not, let me know so I can reorder.
Arisa: G-Got it.
Arisa: (Okay, I’m doing better than on the first day—talking more, moving more. Restock when items run low. Head to the register before the customer even calls...!)
Tae: Would you like to give it a try?
Customer A: Really? Yes, please!
Tae: I'll get it ready, so just a moment.
(Black cut)
Tae: If that’s the case, I recommend these strings. They produce a stronger sound than what you're currently using.
Customer B: Thanks~ Your advice was super helpful.
Arisa: ......
Arisa: (When O-Tae’s working part-time, she’s kind of different from when she’s with Poppin’Party. Yesterday I was too caught up in my own stuff to really notice it...)
Arisa: (It’s like... she’s not just focused on the customer in front of her, but really paying attention to the whole store.)
Tae: If you’re playing guitar for the first time, I recommend this one. Want to try it out?
Customer C: B-But... I don’t even know any chords yet...
Tae: No worries. Just strum however you feel. Even if you don’t really know what you’re doing, if it sounds good, you’ll feel it in your heart.
Customer C: O-Okay...!
Arisa: (She’s probably always been good at teaching. She helped Kasumi learn to play too...)
Arisa: (I can’t do customer service like O-Tae does, but I’ll do my best in my own way.)
Tae: Something wrong?
Arisa: Wah!? O-Tae!?
Tae: I could feel you staring at me, so I thought something was up.
Arisa: I wasn’t staring! ...It’s just, seeing you working like that feels kinda new.
Tae: Was it?
Arisa: It just feels different seeing you as a coworker instead of a customer.
Tae: But it’s still me, isn’t it? That’s weird.
Arisa: Hmm... I don’t know how to say it, but I guess it’s hard to notice that stuff about yourself.
Arisa: I was watching how you handled customers and... you really do love guitars, huh?
Tae: Yeah. Just being here, talking about guitars while holding one, is fun for me. And I’d be really happy if more people came to like guitars too.
Tae: I love working at the music store, and doing studio musician gigs. But playing with everyone in Poppin'Party is what I love most!
Arisa: That... really fits you.
Customer D: Excuse me~.
Tae: Yes, how can I help you?
Customer D: Do you have this item in stock?
Tae: I believe we still have some left... Would you mind waiting a moment?
Arisa: (O-Tae’s really in her element. I’ve been so focused on not messing up, but...)
Arisa: (Maybe it’s okay... if I try to loosen up a little and enjoy it too...?)
