event287-05 Chapter 4: Infinite Roads Ahead

Later, Arisa and Tae talk about each other’s efforts. Their chat unexpectedly turns toward their futures...

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Tae: Sorry about yesterday, Arisa. Even though you're helping out, I wasn't around...
Arisa: I told you not to worry. I handled it fine on my own.
Tae: I heard that from the boss and the other staff too, so I wasn’t worried. Our Arisa's a capable one.
Arisa: You all talk like you're my guardians or something...
Tae: Really, everyone’s been praising how hard you’ve been working, Arisa. I feel so proud.
Arisa: Well, that’s good. Since I’m helping out here, I can’t exactly drag O-Tae’s name through the mud, you know.
Tae: Mud? There’s no mud on me.
Arisa: N-No, I mean, it’s just a figure of speech... whatever. More importantly, how was that studio musician gig?
Tae: Yeah, it’s tough as always, but I’m having fun. How about you, Arisa? Are you enjoying your job?
Arisa: Yeah. There are tough parts, but thanks to you, O-Tae, and the other staff, I think I’m able to enjoy working.
Tae: Glad to hear it.
Arisa: There’s a lot you don’t realize until you actually try something. Not like I underestimated it, but even stuff that looks easy from the outside can be harder than it seems...
Arisa: So tomorrow’s my last day at this job, huh~. Once it actually started, it went by in the blink of an eye.
Tae: Yeah. You really helped us out by being here, Arisa—thank you so much!
Arisa: You don’t have to thank me. It’s been good prep for the future too.
Tae: Arisa, you’re really serious, huh.
Arisa: Really? Well, after working this job, I actually thought you were pretty serious too.
Tae: Oh yeah? Like how?
Arisa: The way you deal with customers, and just how seriously you do your work... It kinda felt like you seemed more grown-up than the O-Tae I usually see.
Arisa: And you’ve been working hard at that studio musician gig too.
Tae: Well, that’s just because I like doing it.
Arisa: Still, the fact that it ties into your future is admirable.
Tae: Fufu, you're full of compliments today, Arisa.
Arisa: S-Shut up! I’m just saying what I honestly think, that’s all!
Arisa: But...
Tae: ?
Arisa: ...O-Tae, you’re gonna be a studio musician in the future, right? So does that mean you’ll quit the music store eventually?
Tae: Huh? No, I’m not quitting.
Arisa: Wait, really!?
Arisa: So you're gonna keep working here and be a studio musician too!?
Tae: Yup, that’s the plan.
Arisa: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Staff: Oh, Hanazono-san, Ichigaya-san! Let’s have a good one today~.
Tae: Good work today! Let’s do our best again! ...Huh? Arisa? What’s wrong, you’re spacing out.
Arisa: Huh? Ah, no... it’s nothing...
Tae: Really? You’d better get changed quick or you’ll be late~.
Arisa: Yeah... right...
(Black cut)
Tae: Sorry to keep you waiting. I’ll take that for you.
Arisa: ...
Arisa: (Didn’t expect her to say she’s doing both...)
Arisa: (If she gets serious about the studio musician path, won’t it be tough to keep up with the music store work too?)
Arisa: (If she ever goes full-time at the music store, won’t that get in the way of her studio jobs...?)
Customer: Can I get some help at the register over here?
Arisa: Ah, yes!
Arisa: (I’m on shift right now—I need to focus, not overthink.)
Arisa: Sorry to keep you waiting. I’ll take that for you.
Arisa: (Still...)
(Black cut)
Tae: Nice work today, Arisa~. Let’s head home.
Arisa: Y-yeah...
Tae: Huh? You okay? You look kinda tired...
Arisa: Ah... I guess I’ve just got stuff on my mind.
Tae: I see. If anything’s on your mind, you can always tell me.
Arisa: Thanks. ...I’m just trying to sort some things out in my head right now, so... once I’ve got it together, would you listen?
Tae: Yeah, of course. For now, let’s get changed and head home.
Arisa: ......
(Black cut)
(Background change)
