event86-02 Chapter 1: To the Beach!

Hina is thrilled to be at the beach. However, Chisato stops her from running off to say something.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Beach]

Hina: We're here~! Mmm, this really is a nice little spot we've got!
Eve: It is! There are not many other people here, so Chisato-san can relax, as well!
Chisato: I-I suppose...
Hina: All aboard the Ocean Express~!
Chisato: Ah! Wait, Hina-chan! Did you put on sunscreen?
Hina: Yep, I slapped some on back at home.
Chisato: The sun's rays are especially strong on the beach. You plan on swimming, yes? Put on some protective hair spray I bought.
Aya: Is this that new stuff that just came out? I've been meaning to check it out~.
Hina: Whoa, they've got some for hair, too? Go ahead and spray me down, Chisato-chan~♪
Maya: May I borrow some when you are finished?
Chisato: Fufu, go right ahead. Maybe you should form a line. I'll be glad to help everyone put some on.
Eve: Mmm~♪ What a lovely rose aroma♪
Aya: Hey, you're right. Thanks, Chisato-chan! I didn't bring any spray of my own. I seriously owe you one!
Hina: That takes care of that! Now to go-
Aya: Ah, wait!
Hina: Aw man, what is it this time~?
Aya: Why don't we take a photo first? Our hair will get messy once we start swimming.
Chisato: True, this would make for our best photo opportunity.
Maya: Aya-san, you bought a waterproof case especially for today, correct?
Aya: Hehehe, so you noticed~♪ I also brought an external battery so I could take photos all day long!
Eve: Let's go ahead and take one, then!
Hina: Roger that~! Be sure to get my good side, Aya-chan!
Aya: Okay! Huddle up~. Here we go~! Say cheese!
Aya: Awww, you guys are so cute! This one came out great~!
Eve: What a gorgeous photograph!
Hina: Now we can go swimming! Finally! ... Right?
Chisato: Have a good time, everyone.
Aya: Aren't you coming, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: I'll stay behind and watch our belongings.
Hina: For real~?! You'd better get up and go with us~!
Chisato: And who will watch our things if I do? Besides, I am perfectly content watching everyone else have a good time. Don't worry about me.
Maya: Thank you very much, Chisato-san. Come along, we should be fine with just the four of us for now!
Eve: Okay! Please feel free to join us anytime, Chisato-san. We can take turns standing watch!
Chisato: I appreciate your concern.
Hina: Alrighty, then! Time to make a splash! Let's go~!
Aya: Whoa! Hahaha, Hina-chan is off like a rocket~!
Maya: Ow...! The sand is really hot!
Eve: It is rather difficult to walk barefoot. I suggest we follow the path of the ninja and carefully tread down to the water!
Hina: Heads up, Aya-chan~!
Aya: Ah...! Why, you~! Don't scare me like that~!
Eve: Aya-san, look out behind you!
Aya: Huh...?! Oompht! N-not you too, Eve-chan~!
Maya: Hahaha! Eve-san's assault was truly that of a ninja!
Chisato: Aya-chan's face is completely soaked... Hina-chan and Eve-chan are also rather wet from swimming, so I'll give them more sunscreen when they come back.
Eve: Chisato-san~! Please have a look at this cute seashell I found!
Maya: Eve-san, be careful not to cut your hand on the broken areas.
Chisato: Fufu, you all seem to be enjoying yourselves.
Aya: Chisato-chan~! Come look at the seashells with us~!
Chisato: No, thank you. You can show me later.
Aya: Okay...
Aya: I wonder if she is having any fun here...
