event86-03 Chapter 2: So We Can Have Fun Together

As the four girls play in the sand, Aya begins to take notice of Chisato...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Beach]

Maya: While the sunrays are fairly strong here, being in the water feels wonderful~.
Eve: Yes, it does! So cool and refreshing♪
Maya: Hm? What are you doing, Hina-san?
Hina: Me? I got tired of swimming, so I'm playing in the sand now~.
Eve: I would like to make a sandcastle! Please join me, Hina-san.
Aya: That sounds like something Chisato-chan might be able to do, yeah? I'll go and ask her one more time.
Hina: She looks like she's having her own kind of fun over there, so why don't we leave her alone like she asked us to?
Aya: B-but...
Hina: Aya-chan, if you spend all day worrying about Chisato-chan, can you really say you're having any fun yourself?
Aya: You do have a point, but...
Maya: A way for all of us to spend time together... Hmmm.
Maya: Ah, how about that spot over there?
Eve: That rocky area?
Maya: Yes! Many types of organisms live in those rock pools, so it's possible to have fun without getting wet.
Aya: Alright, let's all go check it out, then! I'll ask Chisato-chan if she wants to come.
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... If memory serves, today is the release date for the special edition of that magazine... Maybe I'll check the reviews for it.
Aya: Chisato-chan~! Are you... glued to your phone?! For real~?!
Chisato: Fufu... That is quite amusing coming from you, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ngh... Wait, that's not why I'm here! Hey, want to come check out that rocky spot with the rest of us?
Chisato: Rocks?
Aya: Yeah! It's got a lot of shade, you don't need to get wet, and Maya-chan said there is a lot of fun stuff to do.
Chisato: ... Thank you for your concern. Perhaps I'll accompany you.
Aya: Hooray~! Come on, let's go~! Here, I'll help carry half of the stuff!
Chisato: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Aya: No problem~! Say, what were you looking at on your phone, anyway?
Chisato: Hm? Well... I, uh... Do you recall the special edition of the magazine from before?
Aya: Ah... No way! That goes on sale today, right?
Aya: I can't believe I forgot about that~!
Chisato: I was checking the fan reactions to it... My apologies for bringing up work when we should be relaxing.
Aya: No, I shouldn't have forgotten. It's just like you to be on the ball like that.
Aya: I'll check out the reviews for myself later. And I had better make a post reminding people to buy it!
Chisato: Okay, Aya-chan. We have the entire day off, so let's try to enjoy it.
Aya: You read my mind.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Rocky Area]

Maya: Please watch where you step, you two~.
Hina: Will do~!
Eve: Wow, look at this! There is a school of many tiny fish here!
Hina: Nice find! They're so cute~!
Maya: Ah, Chisato-san decided to join us!
Hina: Whoa, it's a miracle! Chisato-chan, Aya-chan~! Over here~!
Aya: Hey! We're on our way~!
Chisato: Watch your step, Aya-chan.
Aya: Don't worry, I will! Hurry, Chisato-chan!
