event86-05 Chapter 4: Ramen with a Pinch of Salt

The five girls rest for lunch, but Chisato is unsure of what to order.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Beach House]

Hina: I'm starving~! Anyone want to grab a bite to eat?
Chisato: Huff... huff... I do. A short break would be nice.
Hina: I've got a craving for yakisoba~.
Eve: I would like some shaved ice!
Maya: I think I'll go with... grilled squid!
Aya: How about you, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Good question...
Chisato: (I've never had beach food before, so I'm not sure what to order...)
Chisato: (They all seem so fattening... but I am rather hungry...)
Chisato: I will have... ramen. The menu does recommend it, after all.
Aya: Okay, I'll get the same thing then!
(Black cut)
Maya: Does everyone have their food? Alright, then let's eat!
Hina: Let's eat~!
Aya: Let's eat!
Chisato: Everything in this ramen looks quite delicious. The pork, the eggs, the seaweed... The fish cakes... Oh, they have even added some bamboo shoots.
Aya: Yeah, it's really tasty! Hurry up and give it a try, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: Very well, then... Hm?
Chisato: (It's... much saltier than I expected! Even more so than the kind I had with Aya-chan at school that one time...)
Aya: Well? How is it?
Chisato: It's rather good. The broth is clear and lovely but also very robust in flavor.
Chisato: The noodles are expertly made, as well, and the pork is soft and tender.
Chisato: I can see why it is the highlight of the menu.
Maya: Hahaha. Chisato-san sounds like a professional culinary reviewer!
Chisato: Ah...! I've done it again...
Hina: When you think about it, it's impressive that Chisato-chan is so serious about something as simple as describing her food.
Aya: H-hey, I think she did a good job explaining how it must taste!
Chisato: My apologies for behaving in such a stern manner when we should be relaxing...
Hina: Chisato-chan, it wasn't just the ramen. You've been acting like this all day long~.
Chisato: That... is a fair statement.
Hina: You do realize it's our day off, right? I mean, this isn't unlike you, but still.
Eve: Chisato-san, why not give us your own personal impression? Was the ramen good?
Chisato: My own impression... Hmmm...
Chisato: Well...
Chisato: ... It was kind of salty.
Maya: Hahaha... Beach food does tend to be high in sodium.
Chisato: I don't typically eat this kind of food... Not to say it is bad or anything.
Hina: Okay, Aya-chan! You do the opposite! What's your professional opinion?!
Aya: Huh~?! Uhhh...
Aya: It was good! Pretty salty... I mean, the flavor is... strong? Uhmmm... It's the kind of intense flavor that's satisfying when you're worn out!
Aya: That, and the fish cakes are really cute, too~.
Eve: Yes, the pink and white colors are lovely together♪ It suits your style, Aya-san!
Hina: Hahaha, you're the exact opposite of Chisato-chan! Your serious impressions are all stiff and awkward!
Aya: Hey, you take that back~! Fine, it's your turn then, Hina-chan!
Hina: Okay~... I had the yakisoba! The meat and carrots were alright, but... I skipped the onions because they weren't boppin' at all~!
Eve: How did it taste?
Hina: Uh, average! Still good, though.
Maya: Hahaha... Leave it to Hina-san to be so blunt.
Chisato: I am very sorry, everyone. Let's forget about giving our impressions and simply enjoy our lunch.
Aya: Works for me! Hina-chan, you had better eat your onions.
Hina: Seriously~? It's my day off, so no thanks~.
Aya: That's no excuse~!
Chisato: Fufu...!
