event86-06 Chapter 5: Spending Time as Five

After lunch, it is back to the ocean. Still, Chisato would prefer to watch from afar...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Beach House]

Hina: Phew, I'm stuffed~.
Eve: Would anyone like to go swimming once we have rested a bit? I would like to play for a little longer.
Aya: Sounds good to me! Let's make sure we put on more sunscreen before we do.
Eve: Of course! Good thinking!
Chisato: Here, feel free to use this. It's fairly strong but also gentle on the skin.
Eve: Thank you very much!
Chisato: I think I'll stay here and enjoy the breeze. Enjoy your swim.
Hina: Okay~.
Aya: I get the feeling that the beach wasn't such a good pick for Chisato-chan.
Maya: She does seem overly concerned with work. However, I do believe she is actually having a good time!
Eve: I agree. She seemed to enjoy looking at the small fish in the rock pools.
Hina: Splashing around isn't what makes the beach fun, anyway. Get with it, Aya-chan! You aren't her, so learn to have fun your own way~.
Aya: Y-yeah...
Maya: While it's true that everyone has their own idea of fun, I can definitely understand wanting to enjoy time with others.
Eve: Sharing the same kettle with comrades! Something like that?
Aya: Uhhh, I guess so. Fufu.
Aya: I want to hang out with Chisato-chan and take pictures with her! And I want to do the things that she likes to do! We came all this way, after all.
Chisato: What is this about me?
Hina: Oh, talk about good timing~. Let's go swimming, Chisato-chan~!
Aya: Let's get a shot of everyone standing at the water's edge!
Maya: That sounds nice, especially since we've all managed to get time off together. Why not make more memories of the five of us?
Aya: E-exactly! That's what I was trying to say! It'd be weird if Chisato-chan, or any of us, weren't taking part...
Eve: And afterward, we can all enjoy the seaside breeze♪
Chisato: Fufu, a wonderful idea. Alright, let's head to the waterfront.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[By the Water]

Aya: Okay, how about this spot? Group up, you guys~.
Eve: Hm~... It may be hard to fit the ocean into the shot~.
Hina: Why not lift the camera up a bit?
Aya: Like this? Hm, maybe a little higher.
Chisato: More to the right, perhaps?
Aya: Over here?
Maya: It would be the other way for you. To your left, that is.
Aya: This way?!
Hina: That's too far! Hrm, we can't get it right~. Maybe we should try moving, instead. Scoot over, guys~.
Aya: H-hey! D-don't push, Hina-chan...!
Chisato: Ah! Watch out, Aya-chan...!
Aya: Whoa... My foot's tangled...!
Maya: L-look out...!
(Black cut)
