event86-01 Opening: Pastel＊Palettes' Summer Vacation

Now that they're done looking back on their event, Pastel＊Palettes finally enters summer vacation!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Idol Talent Agency]

Aya: "... And that's fall from Pastel＊Palettes!"
Aya: "See you all again soon~!"
Hina: Hahaha, you totally goofed that last part, Aya-chan.
Aya: Ngh...
Maya: The scale of our latest event was incredible. I'm glad that our fans enjoyed it so much!
Eve: Yes! It was a very hot, yet elegant, affair!
Maya: Y-you really think so?
Hina: Alright! We've looked over the video, discussed it, blah blah blah...
Hina: At last~!! Summer vacation is finally here~!!
Aya: Yaaay~!
Eve: It's good that we were able to finish all of our summer duties!
Chisato: I honestly did not expect for them to give us so many days off at one time.
Hina: You know what that means! We should all go somewhere together~!
Aya: Count me in! I haven't finished all of my homework yet, though...
Hina: No sweat! You'll get through it in no time!
Maya: That sort of remark has Hina-san's name written all over it.
Eve: I also have school work that is not yet finished... but I would very much love to take a trip somewhere!
Eve: It is not often that we have an opportunity to enjoy an outing together that is not related to work...
Maya: Yes, it is pretty rare for all five of us to travel anywhere as a group.
Hina: That settles it, then! It'll be a group trip! Are you in, Chisato-chan~?
Chisato: Of course. Why don't we try going somewhere cool? The aquarium, for example...
Hina: The weather next week is going to be... sunny~. How about the beach?
Chisato: Th-the beach...?
Aya: I love the beach! Let's go~! I had a chance to go last year for work, but I've been wanting to go on my own time, too~.
Chisato: The beach...
Aya: Are you not interested, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Not particularly... Sorry to rain on everyone's parade, but seawater is bad for one's skin and hair, not to mention sunburns.
Chisato: This may be a holiday for us, but we have to remember that we are still idols... Anything we do during our time off should be done with that in mind...
Eve: Oops... My apologies, Chisato-san. I got a little carried away.
Maya: It does make perfect sense to coordinate our holiday activities around our idol careers... How careless of me.
Chisato: G-goodness! No need to apologize. I mean, we could avoid some of those issues with a little bit of careful planning. I just...
Hina: Come on, Chisato-chan~. We should go~. Isn't it also important that we find time to relax~?
Chisato: You say that... but isn't the beach always extremely crowded?
Eve: The place we went to last year with Arisa-san and the others had very few people! I believe it would make for a good relaxation spot!
Hina: Think about it. Wouldn't the aquarium be even more crowded than the beach?
Aya: Are you really that worried, Chisato-chan? I know work is important and all, but... forget about that and have some fun!
Maya: Wouldn't you want to take advantage of this chance, Chisato-san? Who knows when we will have another opportunity to go to the beach together.
Hina: Chisato-chan~! Pretty please with sugar on top~!
Eve: Come join us, Chisato-san!
Chisato: ... Very well.
Aya & Hina: Hooray~!
Aya: I'm glad I went ahead and bought that swimsuit~! I can't wait to take a ton of pictures with you guys~!
Maya: I will need to purchase a swimsuit as well.
Hina: Hey, want us to come with you and help out?
Maya: Y-you wouldn't mind?! Yes, by all means~!
Chisato: Sigh... I hope things will turn out okay...
