event86-07 Ending: Treasured Memories

Aya, Chisato, and Hina take a tumble into the water. How does Chisato react...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[By the Water]

Eve: Aya-san, Chisato-san, Hina-san... Are you alright?
Maya: Any cuts anywhere?
Hina: Pfwah~! Hahaha! My bad!
Aya: Jeez~! I'm totally soaked now~!
Hina: We're all wearing swimsuits, so who cares! You'll be fine!
Chisato: ...
Maya: Ah! Ch-Chisato-san, are you okay?
Hina: Whoopsie, looks like she got drenched, too.
Chisato: Fufu. I really am a sopping wet mess.
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan...?
Chisato: Okay, you two...
Aya: ...!
Chisato: I'm going to get you for that!
Hina: Ompht! Hahaha! That's the spirit, Chisato-chan~! Take this!
Aya: Hey!! C-cut it out, you guys~!
Maya: Hahaha... Aya-san's stuck in the middle.
Eve: The weak must be protected! For that is the way of bushido! My sword is yours, Aya-san!
Chisato: Kyah! Eve-chan, you are merciless...! I must go all out, then!
Hina: Hahaha! Wait till you see what I can dish out~! Bam~!
Maya: Waaah~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[By the Water]

Aya: Sigh... Even our hair is a mess...
Chisato: Perhaps we'll have to give it a special treatment today.
Hina: Wow~! That was so much fun~! Even Chisato-chan was splashing up a storm out there~!
Eve: I am so glad that you decided to join us! What changed your mind?
Chisato: Fufu, that's a good question. It's as if my reluctance just up and disappeared.
Chisato: I had been so occupied with thoughts of work, my appearance, getting wet, and other such things... Not to mention my dislike for some of the marine life...
Chisato: It was very obvious that I was the odd one out, what with everyone trying to cater to my needs.
Chisato: But when Aya-chan knocked me into the water, all of my troubles were sort of washed away, so to speak.
Aya: Oops... Sorry.
Chisato: No, I should be thanking you all, actually. It felt great to actually take a dip in the cool sea.
Hina: Aya-chan, you were worried sick this whole time, huh? Going on about how we should have gone somewhere else for Chisato-chan's sake because she wasn't having fun.
Aya: I understood that work was still important and that the rest of us should follow her example, so I kept my thoughts to myself...
Eve: I am thrilled that the five of us were finally able to have fun together♪
Maya: Me too! Fufu, and it was adorable how Chisato-san was not used to eating the food at the beach house.
Chisato: Please don't, Maya-chan. You're embarrassing me.
Hina: That's the first time I've heard anyone talk about ramen being too salty or whatever.
Chisato: I was surprised to find someone who thought fish cakes were "cute."
Aya: Hey~!
Aya: ... That reminds me! We still need to do something that Chisato-chan likes!
Eve: Yes, we do! We've had lunch and played in the ocean... but those are things that we wished to do. We must now try an activity of Chisato-san's choosing.
Chisato: Thank you, everyone... In that case, why don't we simply stay here and relax for a little while longer?
Hina: Are you fine with that?
Chisato: Yes, very much so. Gazing out at the sea... Forgetting all about work and spacing out.
Hina: I haven't thought about work all day, personally~.
Chisato: Yes, yes. Why not humor me a little, would you?
Hina: Hahaha, you got it♪
Aya: Okay, we'll spend some time here... relaxing in the nice ocean breeze.
Aya: I am so glad... that Pastel＊Palettes could share such a precious memory.
Chisato: As am I. Let's continue making many more wonderful memories together.
