band6-002 Chapter 2: The World is Sparkling

At the behest of Tsukushi, Mashiro visits the live house. How will she react to this brand new world?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Mashiro: So this is a live house...
Mashiro: There sure are a lot of people here... I don't see any scary people though. Thank goodness.
Tsukushi: Kurata-san, you're going to get lost if you keep glancing around like that!
Tsukushi: Come on, let's hurry up and go inside. Stay close to me so you don't get lost.
Mashiro: Okay... Ah, wait! I have to buy my ticket...
Tsukushi: Don't worry about that. I've got your ticket right here.
Mashiro: Huh?
Tsukushi: My dad gave me tickets to this event.
Tsukushi: We were talking about the girls band trend at home, so he bought them for me as a gift. He said I should go with a friend.
Tsukushi: So you don't have to worry about buying a ticket.
Mashiro: I see... U-uhm, thank you.
Tsukushi: Don't worry about it. I'm just trying to help.
Tsukushi: Alright, then let's go... Uhm...
Mashiro: This crowd makes it hard to see where the entrance is.
Tsukushi: The entrance is... Ah, over here! See? There's all sorts of people lined up! Let's go get in line!
Mashiro: Huh? Wait, isn't that the drink counter?
Tsukushi: What...?
Tsukushi: Th-that's right! Are you thirsty, Kurata-san? If you are, now's a good time to buy a drink!
Mashiro: R-right, but everyone seems to be handing the staff something in exchange for their drinks. What is that?
Tsukushi: Huh? W-well, that's...
Mashiro: Don't tell me... Is this your first time at a live house too, Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: Eep!
Tsukushi: I-I've been to concerts in way bigger venues than this before!
Tsukushi: My dad took me there, and there were a lot more people!
Mashiro: I-I see...
Mashiro: (That must mean she's never been to one before...)
??? (Toko): Hey, can I ask you two something?
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Hm?
??? (Toko): What is everyone using to buy their drin-... Huh? That uniform...
Tsukushi: Kirigaya-san...?
Mashiro: You know her?
??? (Toko): ...? Uhm... Ah, if it isn't Tanaka! What a surprise seeing you here!
Mashiro: Why is she calling you Tanaka-san...?
Tsukushi: I'm not Tanaka!
??? (Toko): Huh? Oh, then was it Yamada...?
Tsukushi: That's not my name either!
Mashiro: I'm a little lost here. Are you two friends?
Tsukushi: I wouldn't say that. Kirigaya-san just tends to stick out, that's all. We went to the same elementary and middle school, so even if we haven't talked personally, we still know each other.
??? (Toko): So that's it! I thought for sure we were friends when you said my name.
Tsukushi: Argh~, don't just pretend you know someone when you don't.
Mashiro: Still, I can't believe you're that famous...
??? (Toko): Well, yeah, there's even a bronze statue of me at school~!
Mashiro: What? Really?! Th-that's amazing!
Tsukushi: Hey, cut that out! Don't tease her like that! Kurata-san's still new to the school, so she'll actually believe you!
??? (Toko): Ahaha. My bad, my bad!
Tsukushi: Kirigaya-san has a unique style and a lot of friends, so that's why she's so well-known. And as you can see, she's always so energetic...!
Mashiro: Y-yeah, I think I can see that.
??? (Toko): Wait, aren't you guys first years too? Which class are you in?
Tsukushi: Class 1A. I'm the class president, Tsukushi Futaba. This is Mashiro Kurata. She's in the same class as me.
Toko: Oh, nice to meet you! I'm Toko Kirigaya from 1B! You can call me Toko!
Mashiro: O-okay. It's nice to meet you too...
Tsukushi: By the way, Kirigaya-sa-... I mean, Toko-chan, I didn't know you were interested in bands.
Toko: Well, yeah, they're super big right now, aren't they? I wanted to check out this new trend for myself.
Toko: This is my first time at a live house, and boy, is it exciting! There sure are a lot of girls bands here!
Tsukushi: Are there really that many?
Toko: Yeah, didn't you see the flyers posted over there? Take a look!
Mashiro: You're right. There are a lot... Poppin'Party, Roselia...
Toko: Oh, there are even flyers for bands recruiting members!
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: What's wrong, Kurata-san?
Mashiro: ... It's just so strange. I had no idea this world existed so close to us.
Tsukushi: See? It's just like I told you. There are some things you can't experience through a TV screen.
Mashiro: Yeah, you're right. I wonder if the concert will be different in person as well...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Kasumi: Hello, everyone!! We're Poppin'Party!
Kasumi: I wanna hear you all cheering all the way till the end! Now, let's have some fun!!
Mashiro: (Poppin'Party... Ah, that's the band from the flyer.)
Kasumi: It's been a whole year since we first took the stage here at CiRCLE!
Kasumi: We were just starting out as a band back then, but in this year alone, we've experienced so many sparkling, heart-pounding moments!
Kasumi: And I hope to deliver those same feelings to everyone here today. Now, onto the music!
Audience: Wooo!
Tsukushi: Th-the crowd's going wild...!
Mashiro: It feels like the music is crashing into us...! So this is what a live house sounds like...
Tsukushi: S-see? Concerts are way more intense in person, right?
Toko: No kidding! I'm super pumped! I'm gonna try to get closer!
Tsukushi: What?! Can we do that?!
Mashiro: Amazing...
Mashiro: The atmosphere has completely changed...! The whole world is sparkling...!
Mashiro: It's not just the glow sticks either... The band's music itself is shining!
Tsukushi: Huh? What? Did you say something?
Mashiro: So this... is what a band is like...!
