band6-012 Chapter 12: Nothing at All

Mashiro slowly loses confidence in herself and begins to regret forming a band. But who is this person who approaches her?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Mashiro Kurata, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Mashiro: ...
Rui: Is there something on your mind?
Mashiro: Yashio-san...
Rui: Practice should already have started by now. I am also currently on my way to the classroom.
Mashiro: I'm not going to practice. I'm quitting the band...
Rui: What are you talking about?
(Black cut)
Rui: ... I see. I believe I understand the situation now.
Mashiro: I guess I wasn't cut out for band life after all...
Mashiro: Why did I ever think I could perform like the bands I saw at CiRCLE anyway?
Mashiro: I'm not the type to sing in front of people, and it's not like I'm a great singer...
Mashiro: Everyone else in the band probably felt the same way. That's why they didn't try to stop me from leaving...
Rui: Did you want them to?
Mashiro: Huh?
Rui: It sounds to me like you would have continued to be in the band if they had tried to stop you... Is that correct?
Rui: How childish.
Rui: You are the one responsible for your actions. You should not seek a reason to stay from others.
Mashiro: B-but...
(Black cut)
Rui: That being said, I don't think you were wrong to quit the band. There is no point in continuing something you see no future in.
Rui: It is much better to spend your time on something you know you can win than waste it on something you know you will lose.
Rui: My parents told me that, and I agree with them.
Mashiro: That's right. You said you quit the violin because you had no future in it.
Rui: Yes, I gave up. I had been learning the violin since I was a little girl, but I never won any competitions.
Mashiro: You were able to make such an amazing song, though...
Rui: The results are what matter. I could never be like her.
Mashiro: Who?
Rui: I knew someone very good at the piano. If I was like her, perhaps things would be different...
Rui: ... But in any case, I believe it is far more efficient to make use of my existing talents than to pursue an area in which I have none.
Rui: Not that you necessarily need to do the same. I am not going to force you either way.
Mashiro: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Mashiro: (Is there any place where I truly belong...?)
Mashiro: (I don't have any special talents. I don't have anything...)
Mashiro: ...
Kasumi: Hey there! Do you remember us?
Mashiro: Ah... You're the girls... from the show...
Tae: You were saying you wanted to join a band before, right? Do you still feel that way?
Mashiro: ...
Kasumi: That's... a flyer to recruit members, isn't it? Why are you taking it down?
Mashiro: I don't need it.
Tae: Huh...!
Mashiro: I thought... being in a band would be more enjoyable...
Kasumi: You mean-?!
Mashiro: I probably won't be coming here again... See ya.
Tae: Ah, wait!!
Kasumi: ...
