band6-019 Chapter 19: Morfonica

All seems well before the music festival, but the girls have forgotten something important...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: There's only one more week until the music festival!
Tsukushi: Our new song sounds fantastic too. We're really on a roll!
Nanami: Isn't that new song great?! I can't stop listening to it, even at home~!
Rui: That is good to hear.
Rui: I honestly thought it would take us more time, but it came together much faster than I expected.
Toko: Fufu! That just shows how much we've improved!
Tsukushi: Yeah, and you've been working hard, haven't you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Huh?
Nanami: You've got more and more bandages on your hands every day... Did you really think you could fool our eyes~?
Toko: Ugh, well, that's just how I am. If I don't keep at it, I'll end up slacking off.
Tsukushi: I really like the lyrics you wrote too, Kurata-san.
Nanami: Reading them was like watching the scenery change before my very eyes! Just like last time!
Mashiro: Th-thank you...
Tsukushi: I just hope we see that same scenery on stage.
Mashiro: Huh? Do you guys know what feelings I put into that song?
Toko: It's just a guess, but... It's the same feeling you got when you saw that first concert, right?
Toko: Like something amazing is about to happen!
Nanami: That's how I felt at the Girls Band Party concert too~.
Nanami: And if those feelings were made into some kind of scenery, I think they'd look something like what you described in your lyrics.
Rui: True. These lyrics certainly do match the atmosphere of that place.
Toko: Huh? You can tell?
Rui: What exactly do you mean?
Toko: Well, I just kinda figured you wouldn't get it~.
Rui: ... Even I can understand that much.
Mashiro: Ah... Was it wrong of me to use my own emotions for this song?
Toko: You're asking that now?
Rui: What could possibly be wrong with that?
Mashiro: We're all performing together, so maybe I shouldn't have written lyrics based on my feelings alone...
Nanami: Ahaha, we don't care about that.
Tsukushi: Yeah. We all want to see the scenery created from these lyrics.
Nanami: And if our audience gets to see it too, even better.
Mashiro: Y-yeah...!
Nanami: So the song is good to go. That just leaves~... Ah!!
Nanami: The name! We forgot about our band's name! We've been using a temporary one this whole time!
Mashiro: Th-that's right...
Tsukushi: I forgot that we said we'd decide before the music festival!
Rui: Is there something wrong with using a temporary name?
Toko: Are you kidding? Of course there is! We're performing in front of the whole school!
Toko: We can't go on stage without a name that represents us!
Rui: Then what should we call ourselves?
Toko & Mashiro: Hmm...
Tsukushi: I'd like our name to have something to do with change...
Tsukushi: Kurata-san, didn't you say you thought starting a band would be a good chance to change yourself? Then that idea should be a part of our name.
Nanami: Is that true?
Mashiro: Yeah...
Rui: ... Do you also have such a desire, Futaba-san?
Tsukushi: Huh?
Rui: I thought perhaps you brought it up because you shared the same feelings.
Tsukushi: Y-yeah... I'm the same as Kurata-san.
Mashiro: What do you mean?
Tsukushi: Unlike the rest of the students at Tsukinomori, I don't have any special talents.
Tsukushi: I'm actually not very confident at all. I just keep reminding myself that I'm a student at Tsukinomori too. I must have something special I can do.
Tsukushi: I was hoping that'd be our band. I wanted this band to become my pride and joy...
Tsukushi: Things didn't go as I planned, though. We just kept going around in circles, and then I said all those horrible things to you.
Mashiro: No, I'm the one who said horrible things...
Nanami: Hmm~, gotcha. So we all have an idea of what kind of person we want to become...
Toko: You too, Hiromachi?
Nanami: Y-yeah. It's not that big of a deal, though~... A-anyway, what about you, Rui-rui? Is there anything you want to change about yourself?
Rui: ... Who can say? At the moment, I would have to say no. However, if you wish to add an element of change to our band name, I see no problem with that.
Toko: Alright, then our name will have something to do with change! I don't want to just add the word as is, though. Are there any other words we could use?
Rui: What about 'metamorphose'? That is the German word for change or transformation.
Toko: Metamorphose, huh...? I like it! It sounds so cool!
Tsukushi: Other than that~... I'd like to add something that represents us... Ah, the violin!
Rui: ...?
Tsukushi: I didn't see a violin in any of the bands at CiRCLE!
Nanami: Violin, violin... Maybe a classical sounding word would work.
Nanami: Ah... Symphony... What about 'symphonic'?
Mashiro: Wow, that's so elegant...
Tsukushi: Yeah, a classy word like that is perfect for Tsukinomori!
Toko: Then all we have to do is combine 'symphonic' with 'metamorphose'...
Tsukushi: So how about Symphonic Metamorphose?
Toko: That's just the two words back to back! We gotta mix it up a little bit~...
Mashiro: Morfonica... What about Morfonica?
Tsukushi: Morfonica... Ah, that has a nice ring to it.
Nanami: Morfonica, Morfonica... Yeah, it's perfect for us!
Rui: That name seems fine to me.
Toko: Then it's settled! Starting today, we are Morfonica!
Tsukushi: Yes! And now that we have a name, it's time to get back to work! We've only got a week left before the music festival!
