band6-006 Chapter 6: Music Is Harmony

As Mashiro and the other work hard every day, a new person appears before them...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Nanami: Ah~, now that was a good practice~! What a blast~!
Toko: No kidding~. I'm a little annoyed though. I'm so close to getting that phrase down~.
Tsukushi: Fufu, annoyed is an understatement. You kept saying your fingers were getting all mixed up.
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: (Everyone's so amazing. They just keep getting better and better...)
Mashiro: (They really are Tsukinomori students. I don't even come close...)
Mashiro: U-uhm...!
Nanami: Hm? What's wrong, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Uhm, I promise I'll work harder...!
Toko: Huh? Where's all that motivation coming from?
Mashiro: I can't keep up with you guys at practice, so I feel like I need to do more...
Toko: Ahaha, you don't have to worry about something so small.
Tsukushi: Yeah, we're just getting started, after all.
Mashiro: O-okay...
Nanami: What made you think that anyway?
Mashiro: I mean, Toko-chan has already learned multiple cords, and Futaba-san's really good at the drums despite not playing them for so long.
Mashiro: Even you are able to play all those hard phrases, Hiromachi-san. I need to get better so I don't get in everyone's way...
Toko: Well, you know, I just have good senses, that's all~.
Tsukushi: Y-yeah, and this is just how I am. Learning stuff like this is easy when I put my mind to it~...
Nanami: You say that, but you've been practicing in secret, haven't you, Tsu-chan~?
Tsukushi: Eep! Wh-wh-what are you talking about?!
Nanami: You've got more and more bandages on your hands every day... Did you really think you could fool my eyes~?
Mashiro: Are you practicing at home too?
Toko: Whoa, you sure are taking this seriously, Futaba.
Tsukushi: This is... Y-yeah. You got me. I've been playing at home too.
Tsukushi: I've actually got a little musical experience, so it'd look extra bad if couldn't drum, right?
Nanami: Ahaha. Still, I think your hard work has been paying off.
Tsukushi: Grr~, well, haven't you been practicing on your own too?
Nanami: Huh? Me?
Tsukushi: You're learning the bass really fast for someone who's just getting started. There's no way you could get that good without a ton of work.
Nanami: Uhm, I haven't though...
??? (Rui): ...
Mashiro: ...? It looks like someone's in the courtyard... I thought everyone went home already.
Tsukushi: Isn't that... Yashio-san?
Mashiro: Yashio-san...?
Tsukushi: Rui Yashio. She's just as famous as Toko-chan in our year.
Nanami: She's beautiful, brilliant, and athletic. What's more, she's been a member of the student council since middle school.
Tsukushi: She's really good at the violin too! I've seen her play at the music festival, and it was fantastic~.
Mashiro: So she's good at everything. Wow...
Nanami: Well, she is kind of hard to approach~.
Toko: Yeah, I'm not a big fan of hers~.
Rui: You there.
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Huh...?
Rui: Was that performance back there your doing?
Toko: Yeah. So...?
Rui: Kirigaya-san... I should have known this would involve you.
Toko: Hey! What do you mean by that?
Rui: You are always present where there is a ruckus. A noise complaint was filed with the student council.
Toko & Nanami: Wh-what...?!
Mashiro: Could you be talking about our band practice...?
Rui: Band practice? That was a song?
Rui: I do not think so. Music is about harmony, and there was nothing harmonious about what I heard coming from that classroom.
Toko: O-of course not! We're just getting started!
Rui: I do not care when you started. All I care about is what is happening now.
Rui: And what is currently coming out of that classroom is noise. As a member of the student council, I cannot allow such disruptive activities.
Tsukushi: W-wait! I already got permission from the student council to use that room!
Rui: I see. So you were the one who submitted this application.
Rui: There are several sections left blank, and I counted three spelling errors.
Tsukushi: Huh...?
Toko: Come on, Futaba... I thought you had this all taken care of.
Tsukushi: I-I did! I just happened to miss a few spots!
Rui: In any case, I am withdrawing your permission to use that classroom. Please be sure to take everything home with you.
Mashiro & Nanami: What?!
Toko: H-hold on a minute!
Rui: This conversation is over. I have no reason to argue with you.
Tsukushi: Whoa, wait! Yashio-san~!
