band6-009 Chapter 9: Towards the Next Step

Band activities are going rather well, and Toko brings a new idea to the table...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Café]

Toko: Mmm~, rainbows after practice are the absolute best!
Nanami: Ahaha, you really like these drinks, don't you, Toko-chan~?
Nanami: Still, sitting in a café after practice like this sure is nice... Ooh, this is exactly the kind of normal teenager life I imagined~!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I wish Yashio-san would've joined us though. She always leaves right after our practice.
Mashiro: She arrives and leaves at the same time every day, doesn't she?
Nanami: It makes Rui-rui seem pretty robotic, doesn't it~?
Toko: Didn't practice today go amazing though? Our song is really coming together!
Mashiro: Yeah, I thought I sounded my best today...
Tsukushi: Hmm~, still, we shouldn't let it go to our heads. We're Tsukinomori students, after all. We should be able to give an even better performance.
Nanami: Ahaha, somebody's motivated~.
Tsukushi: If we're going to do this, we should do it right. Which is why we always need to think of ways to improve.
Tsukushi: For example, Toko-chan, you still have parts you struggle to play, so wouldn't it be best to practice at home too?
Toko: Aww~, but practicing at home isn't my style~.
Tsukushi: And Kurata-san, there are still times where your voice gets drowned out. You need to practice singing in a louder voice.
Mashiro: Huh? I'm already singing as loud as I can, though. Any more than that would be impossible..
Mashiro: Besides, overdoing it might cause me to lose my voice. I'd rather just stick to the level I'm singing at now...
Tsukushi: ...! I thought I told you to stop giving up before you even try! You'll be fine! I know you can do it!
Mashiro: S-saying that doesn't help~...
Toko: Well, no use worrying about it now. We'll get there eventually. Besides, I've got stuff I need to tell you guys!
Mashiro: Is it something big...?
Toko: It sure is! Check it out!
Nanami: What? Why are you showing us your phone...?
Mashiro: It looks like some sort of social media page. Is this your account, Toko-chan? Y-you have so many followers...!
Tsukushi: No kidding. This is on par with a minor celebrity.
Toko: Well, the world can't help but pay attention to someone like me~! It's only a matter of time before I hit ten billion followers.
Tsukushi: That's more than the population of the entire planet!
Toko: Anyway, this isn't about me. You see, I've been posting about our band a lot lately.
Mashiro: Ah, look at all the pictures of us practicing... You even uploaded a video... That's a lot of comments.
Tsukushi: I thought I saw you doing something with your phone. So this is what you were up to.
Toko: Yeah, and you know what? Someone saw my posts and contacted me about signing up for an event.
Mashiro & Tsukushi: An event?!
Toko: They said it's going to be all newly formed bands. So what do you think? We've been practicing for a while now, so don't you want to give performing a try?
Nanami: Whoa~! Yeah! Doing a concert sounds like fun!
Tsukushi: Plus it'd be a good idea for us to get some performing experience before the music festival...
Mashiro: A concert...
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Yeah, I want to stand on that sparkling stage too...!
Toko: Ahaha, even Kurata's excited. Alright, then I'll go ahead and contact them.
Nanami: Ah, wait a minute. If we're going to be performing, shouldn't we decide on a name?
Tsukushi: You're right... We need something that suits us as Tsukinomori students. Hmm, what about "Cutie Elegant?"
Toko: That's so lame! We need something way cooler than that! Like... "Thunder Slashers."
Tsukushi: That doesn't match our image at all!
Mashiro: L-looks like figuring out a name is going to be tougher than we thought...
Nanami: Why don't we enter the event with a temporary name for now? We can pick out our actual name before the school music festival.
Tsukushi: Hmm, yeah, it doesn't seem like we'll decide on a name any time soon, so let's do that.
Toko: Sounds good to me~.
Toko: Then, starting tomorrow, we get ready for our first concert~!
