band6-001 Chapter 1: Tsukinomori Girls' Academy

Mashiro is admitted to the prestigious Tsukinomori Girls Academy. Will she be able to adapt to her new environment...?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Spring]

???: Tsukinomori Girls' Academy, a prestigious school with a hundred year history...
???: The students here are the best of the best, some coming from rich families, while others have won various awards.
???: Countless students from other schools dream of coming here.
???: If I enter this school, then maybe even I...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Mashiro: Th-thank you for your time...
Mashiro: Sigh, looks like choir isn't going to work either...
Mashiro: (I had heard the choir won all sorts of competitions, but it sounds like everyone in the club is taking lessons from famous instructors...)
Mashiro: (Their poster said anyone is welcome, but there's no way I can join a group of such talented people...!)
??? (Tsukushi): Ah, Kurata-san. Hello.
Mashiro: Huh? Ah, h-hello... Uhm...
??? (Tsukushi): Come on, Kurata-san! Did you really forget my name?!
Tsukushi: It's Futaba! Tsukushi Futaba, your class president!
Tsukushi: It's been a whole month since school started. You should at least know your classmates' names by now!
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry...
Tsukushi: Well, I suppose you did come from an unaffiliated school. I'm sure adjusting to our school has been tough...
Tsukushi: Anyway, what are you doing here? Isn't this where the choir has their practice?
Mashiro: I wanted to check out some clubs...
Tsukushi: Oh, the clubs, huh? So are you going to join the choir?
Mashiro: N-no, I don't think so. It doesn't seem like a good fit for me...
Tsukushi: Oh, I see. Ah, if you plan on checking out any of the other clubs, I can show you around!
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: You still haven't gotten used to the school building, right? Don't worry, as class president, I-
Mashiro: Uhm, I'll be going now...
Tsukushi: Huh...? Ah, w-wait, Kurata-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Mashiro: Sigh... I visited all sorts of clubs, but...
Mashiro: (All of the clubs here are on a completely different level than other schools... I'd never fit in with any of them...)
Mashiro: (I thought if I entered my dream school... I'd find something special about myself, even if I am just an ordinary girl...)
Mashiro: (Maybe this place isn't suited to someone as talentless as me...)
Mashiro: A butterfly...
Mashiro: (It's fluttering over the flower beds... It must be trying to decide which flower to land on...)
Mashiro: (Maybe it's wondering if this is really where it belongs.)
Mashiro: Just like me...
Tsukushi: ... Kurata-san?
Mashiro: Huh? F-Futaba-san...!
Tsukushi: You left in the middle of our conversation, so I ran after you...
Tsukushi: Only to find you zoning out and talking to a butterfly... Your class president is worried about you!
Mashiro: I-I was just...
Tsukushi: Aha, let me guess, you're worried about something, right? Then let me help!
Mashiro: Huh...?
Tsukushi: This is all part of my job as class president! Whatever it is, I'll do my best to solve your problem!
Mashiro: W-well...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: ... I see. You thought you'd be able to change yourself if you entered your dream school, so you worked hard to pass the entrance exam.
Tsukushi: However, being surrounded by all these talented students has made you lose your self-confidence.
Mashiro: Everyone in class is always talking about the contests and awards they've won...
Mashiro: Not only that, but everyone's rich, so I can't even relate to their everyday stories...
Tsukushi: You don't have to worry about that! Come on, have some confidence! You got into this school, after all. That makes you special too!
Mashiro: But being confident is impossible for me...
Tsukushi: Hey, you can't say that! You're a Tsukinomori student now!
Tsukushi: I guess I have no choice... Are you free tomorrow?
Mashiro: I am, but why...?
Tsukushi: Alright, then I'm taking you somewhere to cheer you up! We're going to a girls band event!
Mashiro: A girls band event...?
Tsukushi: Yup! You need a break, and seeing a fun concert could be just the thing you need to lift your spirits!
Mashiro: Y-you don't have to do that. I've already seen those kinds of bands on TV... Besides, live houses are kind of scary...
Tsukushi: Oh, stop it! We're going, and that's that! Just trust me on this one. Concerts are way better in person!
Mashiro: ...
