band6-005 Chapter 5: What Lies Ahead

A band needs an objective. What should be their first goal?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Toko: Fufu! Well? What do you think of my guitar?!
Toko: Black is such an intense color, isn't it? It looks so cool!
Nanami: You were showing off your guitar to our classmates during break too, weren't you?
Toko: Well, yeah~. I wanted everyone to see it~.
Mashiro: Ahaha, you must really like it...
Mashiro: It really is cool-looking. Futaba-san's drums and Hiromachi-san's bass look amazing too.
Tsukushi: Ehehe, thanks. I was a little worried I wouldn't find a set I like, so I'm glad these jumped out at me right away.
Nanami: Yeah. I'm glad I found something cool too~. Plus, now all our instruments match~.
Mashiro: Are you guys really okay with bringing your instruments to school though? It must be extra hard for you and your drums, Futaba-san.
Tsukushi: Don't worry about it. I've already asked for permission to use this room.
Tsukushi: From today onward, this classroom is ours to practice in! We can even leave our instruments here!
Nanami: Wow, you even got permission for us. Thanks, Tsu-chan.
Toko: That's the class president of 1A for you! You sure take your job seriously!
Tsukushi: Hehe, of course I do. If you ever need anything, just ask.
Toko: Alright~! I've got something, Madam President!
Mashiro: Huh? Already...?
Tsukushi: Yes, Kirigaya-san. What is it that you need?
Toko: I'd rather practice in a studio than in a classroom.
Tsukushi: Hey! How can you say that when I went to the trouble of borrowing this classroom?!
Toko: But bands are supposed to practice in the studio, aren't they? Don't you wanna at least check one out?
Tsukushi: Sounds like you're more concerned with appearances than the music...
Tsukushi: In any case, we can't go to a studio just yet. I tried to make a reservation, but every place I contacted was booked.
Mashiro: Is that because of how popular girls bands are now?
Tsukushi: Definitely.
Nanami: I do see a lot of high-schoolers carrying around instruments~. They must all be racing to the studio after school~.
Tsukushi: ... Ah, that reminds me. Shouldn't we decide on some sort of goal for our band?
Tsukushi: Having something to aim for would give us more motivation to practice!
Toko: Hmm~, a goal, huh...? Then how about playing in front of ten thousand people?!
Nanami: Ten thousand people, huh...? That sounds like a good place to start, right?
Mashiro: Huh...?!
Tsukushi: Let's be realistic here! Jeez, Hiromachi-san, don't just go along with Toko-chan like that!
Nanami: Huh...? Ah. Ahaha... You got me~. I see, so that's not a normal goal...
Tsukushi: As for what we're aiming for... I know! Why don't we try to play at the Tsukinomori Music Festival?!
Mashiro: The what...?
Tsukushi: It's one of the events at our school!
Nanami: You could say it's like a concert. The school orchestra and choir play there, as well as individual students.
Nanami: After all, we've got a lot of students here who can play instruments like the piano and violin.
Mashiro: This school really is full of talent.
Toko: The music festival, huh...? That works, right? We'll perform there and surprise everyone!
Nanami: I-I like that idea too~! The music festival is a great goal~!
Mashiro: But won't that event be filled with super talented people...?
Tsukushi: Of course it will. This is Tsukinomori we're talking about.
Toko: Well, by that time, we'll be a super talented band too, so it's perfect, right?
Mashiro: I-I don't know if things are going to go that smoothly...
Tsukushi: They totally will! We're already a cut above the rest, so there's nothing we can't do!
Toko: Alright, then let's get practicing! Tsukinomori Music Festival, we're coming for you~!!
