band6-020 Chapter 20: Your Spark Will Light the Way

Tsukinomori Girls' Academy's music festival is about to begin. Is Mashiro's group ready to rise to the occasion?!

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Day of the Tsukinomori Music Festival]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Nanami: The day we've all been waiting for is finally here...
Tsukushi: Y-yeah...! At long last...!
Nanami: A-are you okay, Tsu-chan? You look pretty nervous...
Tsukushi: Wh-why would I be nervous? Th-this is just pre-show excitement.
Tsukushi: Our concert's going to be perfect. There's absolutely nothing to worry about...!
Toko: Th-that's right! We were super serious about rehearsals, so there's no way we'll screw it up!
Rui: You seem nervous as well.
Toko: Sh-shut up~! I'm not even a little bit nervous!
Nanami: That's not what it looks like from here~...
Rui: ... Are you feeling alright, Kurata-san?
Mashiro: Huh?
Rui: You are the one most likely to be nervous under these circumstances.
Mashiro: Ah... Y-yeah, I suppose I can see that. I'm actually fine though.
Mashiro: I decided to not worry about making this show a success.
Rui: So do you think it is acceptable for us to fail?
Mashiro: Ah, no, I don't want us to fail either...!
Mashiro: My biggest goal for today is to show the crowd what our stage looks like.
Nanami: What do you mean...?
Mashiro: Our song is amazing, and everyone's performances are so cool. I'm even a little confident in my lyrics...
Mashiro: I want everyone in the audience to see all of that. I want to show them that this is what we do.
Mashiro: I think doing that will lead to a successful concert, so... I figured it'd be best to focus on that instead.
Mashiro: After all, we're doing this for fun.
Toko & Tsukushi: Kurata... Kurata-san...
Nanami: Yeah, you're right. Okay, then that's what I'll focus on too.
Rui: ... In the end, results are all that matter. However, if that helps you stand on that stage confidently, so be it.
Mashiro: Yeah, today I'm going to stand on that stage with my head held high...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Music Festival - Stage]

Toko: Nice to meet you all! We are Morfonica!
Toko: I'm sure a lot of you have heard about our band made up of students from this school. We've been through a lot...
Toko: We went through a bit of a rough patch, but despite that, we're thrilled to be standing here today!
Toko: Just know that we're having fun up here, so we hope you'll all have fun out there!
Mashiro: We hope you will enjoy our song, Prelude to Gold!
Toko: (That's it! We're doing it! I can hear everyone's instruments, and I'm in sync with them, just like I planned! I knew I had talent!)
Toko: (Well, I did rehearse a lot. Now that I think about it, this might be the first time I've ever practiced anything so seriously. I'm way more passionate about this band than I thought I'd be!)
Nanami: (Shiro-chan looks a little nervous, but she's clearly having fun. So are Tsu-chan and Toko-chan. As for Rui-rui... I'm sure she's happy to be on stage too.)
Nanami: (This is what I've always wanted. Our thoughts and feelings have become one. I feel... like a real high school student!)
Rui: (Do not be swayed by your emotions. Face reality and continue down the path you can see a future in. This is what you must do to not only succeed, but stand at the top.)
Rui: (Yet the fate of this band has me curious... Whether or not my beliefs are correct remains to be seen.)
Tsukushi: (This is so cool...! This is the most in sync we've ever been...! We can do this!)
Tsukushi: (It's all thanks to Kurata-san... She's the one who brought us together emotionally. You really are special, Kurata-san.)
Mashiro: (I feel supported by everyone's music... The stage I feared is no longer scary... It's super fun!)
Mashiro: (This is what I felt at CiRCLE that day. It feels like something amazing is about to happen! Like this is the beginning of something big...!)
Mashiro: (I still don't see that shining scenery, but... I know that what I'm seeing and feeling right now will lead me to that bright place...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tsukushi: Oooh~, that was so much fun~!
Toko: I can't believe I hit every note! I'm so happy~!
Mashiro: The crowd was really excited too. They all looked like they were having a good time.
Nanami: For sure! Did you hear all that clapping? I was so moved~!
Toko: Ahaha, right?! Me too~! And~, cue Yashio!
Rui: ...?
Toko: This is where you say something like, "They were just clapping because bands are a rarity at this school!"
Rui: Why would I? You can tell whether a crowd is actually having fun just by looking at it, no?
Mashiro: Yashio-san...
Tsukushi: Hey, Kurata-san, did you see that sparkling scenery back there?
Mashiro: Just a little bit...
Mashiro: We might have given a real performance, but we've still got a long ways to go... Still, I did catch a glimpse of it.
Mashiro: I saw the path to that shining world I saw at CiRCLE.
Nanami: Hmm~... Ah, doesn't that sound kinda like our school motto?
Toko: Our what now?
Tsukushi: Are you kidding me...? Our school motto! The one the teachers talked about during the entrance ceremony!
Toko: Oh~... What was it again?
Rui: You really should be more aware of your surroundings. Our motto is carved into that monument.
Mashiro: "Your spark will light the way...!"
Tsukushi: It means what you value most, as well as what makes you special, will light the way to your future.
Nanami: Hey, why don't we make that our goal? We'll find our sparks and make our way to that shining landscape.
Toko: That sounds great to me! A band aiming for a sparkling scenery sounds super cool.
Tsukushi: Using the school's motto as our goal, huh...? Yeah, that sounds like a goal befitting Tsukinomori students.
Rui: I have no complaints.
Mashiro: I like it too. We'll have to work hard if we want to see that scenery.
Tsukushi: ... Ah, a butterfly!
Nanami: Ahaha, it's circling us. Looks like it's cheering us on too.
Mashiro: (The butterfly I saw before was the same type as this one...)
Mashiro: (It's leaving the courtyard and headed towards the sky... It looks like you found a place to aim for...)
Mashiro: Fufu, just like me...
(White cut)
