band6-017 Chapter 17: Girls Band Party

The second Girls Band Party is underway. How will Mashiro's group react to Kasumi and the others?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Aya Maruyama, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Day of Girls Band Party]

[CiRCLE - Stage]

Mashiro: Every single band is incredible...!
Rui: Indeed, they are all very experienced. Their performances are also consistent.
Tsukushi: This show's even more intense than the last one...!
Nanami: Well, it has been a while since the last event, so maybe the bands have just gotten better since then.
Toko: Ah~! I hope we can play like this someday!
Rui: ... Quiet down. The encore is about to begin.
Kasumi: Thank you for calling us back up!
Aya: For our encore, all of us will perform a song that we made together!
Kokoro: We made this song by combining all the things we think are fun. It's super wonderful!
Kasumi: Here we go! This is TWiNKLE CiRCLE!
(White cut)
Tsukushi: Huh? This song...
Nanami: Huh? What is it? What's wrong?
Toko: Aren't these the notes we wrote at the last concert...?
Rui: Does that mean they took your notes and made them into lyrics?
Mashiro: Yeah, there's no mistake. These are our thoughts and feelings on the last concert put into song...
Mashiro: (That's right. This is how I felt at that last concert too...)
Mashiro: (The whole world was shining, and I could see a bright blue sky full of stars... It's all coming back to me...)
Mashiro: (This is the feeling that made me want to start a band...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi & Toko: Oooh~, that was so cool!!
Toko: That last song sure was something else! I didn't see that one coming at all!
Tsukushi: Wasn't that amazing?! Our notes were made into a song!
Rui: It certainly was an interesting move.
Nanami: Aww~, I wish I could've written something down too~.
Nanami: Did your notes make it into the song, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yeah, they did. It reminded me of the first time I saw a live concert.
Mashiro: Everything was sparkling, and it was so much fun. I couldn't believe such a world existed...
Mashiro: I remember wanting to visit that world...
Toko: We better work hard if we wanna give a show like that!
Rui: We are going to need a lot more practice and experience for that to happen.
Tsukushi: Yeah, practice makes perfect, after all. Seriously though, after that concert, all I want to do is play the drums~.
Mashiro: Fufu, I feel the same way. I want to get practicing right away.
Rui: I see. Unfortunately, the school is currently closed.
Toko: Yeah. Being able to practice at school is great and all, but getting kicked out at night is pretty inconvenient~.
Tsukushi: If only we had somewhere we could practice at night...
Nanami: Somewhere to practice, huh...?
Rui: In that case, would it not be best to rent out a studio?
Toko: Ah~, that won't work! All the studios are completely booked right now.
Mashiro: There must be somewhere we can practice though.
Toko & Tsukushi: Hmm...
Nanami: Well, I'm not exactly keen on the idea, but... I might know a good place.
Toko: Seriously? Then let's head over right away! I wanna check this place out for myself!
Nanami: Uh~, yeah, that's fine. Although, don't get your hopes up. It's nothing special~...
Mashiro: Ah, wait. Before that, I need to talk to Kasumi-san...!
Tsukushi: Kasumi-san...? You're talking about Poppin'Party's vocalist, right?
Mashiro: Yeah. She really did a lot to encourage me when I was feeling down, so I want to tell her I'm going to try being in a band again...
Tsukushi: S-since when did you start talking to the members of Poppin'Party...?
Rui: Kurata-san, this Poppin'Party band you speak of... Are they the ones who are going into the audience right now?
Mashiro: ...! Yes, that's Kasumi-san! Just a minute. I'll be right back!
Toko: Ah, no fair! I wanna chat too!
