band6-007 Chapter 7: Our Song

After Toko mentions wanting an original song for practice, the girls begin to write music.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Tsukushi: Phew~, it's good to be back in this classroom...
Nanami: Thank goodness we managed to get permission to use it again. I was worried for a second there~.
Mashiro: I'm just glad they let us resubmit our application.
Tsukushi: Although they did warn us that we had to keep it down...
Toko: That's all fine and dandy, but... Why's Yashio here?
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: The student council said that we need to have one of their members supervise our practices.
Rui: Pay no attention to me. I have no intention of interfering with your activities.
Toko: Come on, there's no way we can ignore you if you stare at us like that...
Nanami: There's no use worrying about it, so let's just get on with practice already~.
Tsukushi: ... Yeah. Alright, then let's start where we left off yesterday.
Mashiro: We were thinking about trying a slightly more difficult song, right?
Toko: Yup. Although, if possible, I'd like an original song.
Tsukushi: What do you mean?
Toko: You know, a song that's all ours! Don't you want that?
Tsukushi: Well, yeah, that'd be nice, but we can't write music...
Toko: ... Ah, what about Yashio? She can probably write music, right?
Toko: She plays the violin, so she must know how to do that!
Mashiro: Yashio-san...?
Rui: ... I have indeed written music before.
Rui: However, that is all in the past. I have since quit playing the violin.
Tsukushi: Huh?! You did?! Wh-why?! You were so good at it...
Rui: I had no talent, so I saw no future in playing the violin.
Tsukushi: Huh? I thought you were really talented...
Rui: I simply saw no point in continuing if I could not be the best.
Toko: The best, huh...? Don't you think you're being a bit unrealistic?
Toko: Anyway~, since you know how to write music... Could you write one for us?!
Rui: Were you not listening?
Toko: I'm begging you! We want a song for our band~!
Tsukushi: I'm begging you too! I'd love to have a song written by you, Yashio-san!
Toko: I'll buy you a crepe, pancakes, or whatever you'd like...!
Rui: I apologize, but I must refuse.
Toko: ... Alright, huddle up, everybody. Emergency strategy meeting.
Mashiro: Huh? R-right...!
Toko: What should we do? It doesn't sound like she's gonna budge.
Nanami: Maybe we should ask another musician to write a song for us.
Mashiro: But how many other students here can write music...?
Tsukushi: Yeah, it has to be Yashio-san! I'll write up a formal request!
Toko: Alright. I'll ask her every day after school.
Mashiro: A-and I'll... find a way to ask her too!
Nanami: Hmm, I wonder if I can find anything about making requests more effective online...
Rui: ... I can hear you talking, you know.
Toko: U-uhm, well~...
Rui: I suppose I understand your point of view. I am willing to give you a song I wrote long ago, if that is alright with you.
Mashiro: Huh? You're going to give us a song...?
Tsukushi: R-really?! Thank you so much, Yashio-san!
Toko: Yeah, thanks! You're not so bad after all, Yashio!
Rui: Being good or bad has nothing to do with it. I simply thought offering you an old song of mine would take less time than dealing with your request.
Nanami: G-got it...
Mashiro: ... Ah, it's great that we have a song now, but don't we need lyrics too?
Nanami: Oh yeah. Our singer needs something to sing, doesn't she?
Toko: Isn't it usually the vocalist's job to write the lyrics?
Mashiro: What? There's no way I could do that. I've never written lyrics before...
Tsukushi: Come on~, don't give up so quickly! You'll never know until you try, right?
Mashiro: B-but~...
Nanami: Hmm~, well, why don't we all try writing something? Then we can just pick the lyrics that we like the best.
Toko: Yeah, this is the first time we're making a song, so doing it together sounds good to me.
Tsukushi: Hmm~, well, if that's what everyone wants, then I guess I'm okay with it.
Tsukushi: Alright, then your homework for today is to write some lyrics. Don't forget.
Toko, Nanami & Mashiro: Right! Okay~! Okay...
