band6-003 Chapter 3: I Want to Try Being in a Band!

Her first concert has deeply moved Mashiro. Can she recruit members for a new band?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Mashiro: (Sigh, that concert was so much fun... When was the last time my heart pounded that fast...?)
Mashiro: (The music and performances completely sucked me in and brought so much joy to the crowd. The live house and the people on that stage were all shining so bright...)
Mashiro: (Kasumi-san from Poppin'Party was so cool...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tsukushi & Toko: Oh~, that was amazing~!!
Tsukushi: Weren't the members of Pastel＊Palettes so cute~?! I can't believe we saw real idols up close and personal~!
Toko: What about Afterglow?! Weren't they just the coolest?! Talk about a killer show!
Tsukushi: The same goes for Roselia! They were so cool! The atmosphere of the entire room changed when they walked on stage!
Toko: Did you see all the stuff Hello, Happy World! was doing?! It was totally wild! They even had a bear!
Mashiro: Don't forget Poppin'Party!
Mashiro: That stage was sparkling when they were on it! It was like seeing a bright blue sky full of stars!
Mashiro: It felt like something amazing was about to happen. My heart wouldn't stop pounding...!
Tsukushi: A bright blue sky full of stars...? You sure do say some funny stuff, Kurata-san! Still, I think I know what you mean!
Toko: ...? Wouldn't it be impossible to see the stars in the daylight?
Mashiro: I-I guess that's just what came to mind during the show...
Tsukushi: Ah, hey, what's that over there?
Mashiro: There sure are a lot of people gathering in that one spot. It looks like they're writing in a notebook.
Toko: I think they're giving their thoughts on the concert! I'm gonna go write something~!
Tsukushi: Ah, wait! I want to give my thoughts too!
Mashiro: ... There. All done. I hope this is alright.
Toko: What did you write?
Mashiro: Ah! N-no, don't look~!
Kasumi: Hi there! Thanks for coming to our show today!
Kasumi: What did you think of the performances?
Mashiro, Tsukushi & Toko: ...!
Toko: It's Poppin'Party!
Tsukushi: I didn't know the bands came out to see the audience...!
Mashiro: Th-they... w-were a lot of fun!! Just amazing!! So cool!!
Tae: Yes! Isn't that awesome, Kasumi?
Mashiro: I-I thought maybe I'd start a band of my own!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: (After that, I went home and made a poster to recruit bandmates right away...)
Mashiro: (Kasumi-san and the other bands were all shining just as brightly as the students at Tsukinomori.)
Mashiro: (If I start a band, maybe even someone like me... can shine just as bright as them...)
Toko: ... Huh? If it isn't Kurata.
Tsukushi: What are you doing here?
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan, Futaba-san. Uhm, you see...
Tsukushi: ...? Is that a poster you're holding?
Toko: Let's see... "Wanted: Band Members..."
Toko: This is just like the recruiting flyers we saw at CiRCLE!
Tsukushi: Now that I think about it, you did say you wanted to start a band, didn't you?
Mashiro: Y-yeah. All the bands were so cool, so I wanted to give it a try...
Mashiro: I also think this might be a good chance to change myself. Maybe being in a band could make me special too...
Tsukushi: I see...
Mashiro: I got really excited and made these posters, but now I'm wondering if anyone will want to join my band...
Tsukushi & Toko: ...
(Black cut)
Toko: Come on, aren't there already two people you should be asking to join?
Tsukushi: No kidding. Did you forget who you saw that concert with?
Mashiro: Huh?
Toko: You should've just said, "That concert was a blast. Do you wanna start a band with me?"
Mashiro: Would you... really like to join...?
Toko: Who wouldn't after seeing that concert?!
Tsukushi: Yeah, those bands were all amazing! You can't help but want to be like them!
Mashiro: Toko-chan, Futaba-san... Uhm, thank you so much...!
Tsukushi: Fufu, let's give this band our all!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Now that that's settled, I'll help you put up these posters! Actually, shouldn't we post these in live houses?
Mashiro: Ah, that's a good idea. Do you think CiRCLE would let us hang some up in their space as well...?
Tsukushi: Fufu~, leave that to me! I'll go ask them!
Toko: Ahaha, what a reliable class president you are!
Mashiro: Yeah. Thank you.
