band6-015 Chapter 15: One More Time, Together

Tsukushi and the others await Mashiro's return. What will she have to say after having run away...?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Tsukushi: Hiromachi-san, did you speak to Kurata-san?
Nanami: Ah~, this is about before, right? I tried to talk to her, but she ran away...
Toko: Are you talking about Kurata? I just spoke to her a little while ago.
Tsukushi: Huh? Really?
Toko: Really. And I said everything I wanted to. Although, I don't know if it'll help bring her back.
Tsukushi: No, if you talked to her, that's more than enough. Thank you, Toko-chan.
Nanami: I'm sure she'll come back. Until then, we just have to wait here for her.
Rui: You three certainly are persistent.
Schoolgirl: Ah, here it is. This is the classroom I was talking about. Isn't this the perfect place to practice?
Toko: Wh-what do you think you're doing?
Schoolgirl: Hey, can we use this classroom? We're going to be in the school music festival and need a place to practice!
Tsukushi, Nanami & Toko: Huh?!
Nanami: They're trying to take our classroom...!
Tsukushi: O-of course not! We're the one's using it!
Schoolgirl: Yeah, but you guys haven't been practicing at all lately, right? If you don't use it, you lose your right to the classroom.
Toko: Huh? Seriously?
Schoolgirl: Yeah, so get-
Rui: What on earth are you talking about?
Tsukushi, Toko & Nanami: ...!
Rui: These girls are the ones given permission to use this room. You do not get to decide how they use it.
Toko: Yashio...
Rui: This conversation is over. I have no reason to argue with you.
Schoolgirl: I-I guess if Yashio-san says so, we don't have much of a choice. Sorry to bother you...
Nanami: Whoa, Rui-ru-... I mean, Yashio-san, you were so cool!
Tsukushi: Thank you so much for helping us!
Rui: ...? What are you talking about?
Tsukushi: You protected our right to use this classroom just now!
Toko: You know, I was wrong about you, Yashio! Who knew you'd actually defend us?! Seriously, thank you!
Toko: I thought we were nothing more than gnats to you, but it looks like you believe in us after all...!
Rui: ... There seems to have been a misunderstanding. I was simply conveying the reality of the situation to those girls.
Rui: The student council is the one who decides which students can use what rooms. I cannot have students handing over that permission at their own convenience.
Toko: Oh, you~! Come on, just admit that you like us already~!
Rui: ... Futaba-san, could you please interpret what I said to Kirigaya-san?
Tsukushi: You're speaking the same language though!
Nanami: Ahaha, well, it's fine, right? As long as you know we're thankful to you, Yashio-san... Hm?
Toko: What's up?
Nanami: Ah, I thought I felt someone watching us... Huh? Someone's standing in the hallway. Is that...?
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi & Nanami: Kurata-san! Shiro-chan!
Mashiro: ...! Ah, uhm, I...!
Mashiro: (I need to apologize for running away and causing trouble for everyone.)
Mashiro: (And then, I need to tell them. I need to tell them I want to be in the band with them.)
Mashiro: ...
Toko: ...? Something wrong, Kurata?
Mashiro: N-no, it's nothing...
Mashiro: (Do I really have what it takes to tell them I want to stay...?)
Mashiro: (What I did was horrible. They might not forgive me...)
Nanami: Sh-Shiro-chan~? Are you okay~?
Mashiro: (B-but if I don't say it now... I'll live to regret it...)
Mashiro: U-uhm, guys...! I'm really, really sorry!!
Mashiro: I'm the one who started this band, but then I tried to just toss it all aside...! I blamed my own mistakes on Futaba-san and Toko-chan...! What I did was horrible!
Tsukushi: Kurata-san...
Mashiro: I've always been like this. I give up and make excuses as soon as things get hard. I'm always running away from things I don't like.
Mashiro: But there's no way I'm going to change myself like that...
Mashiro: I promise I won't run away anymore... So... So...
Tsukushi & Toko: ...
Mashiro: Just once more, I... Uhm...
Mashiro: Urgh...
Tsukushi: Come on! Just tell us you want to play in the band already!
Mashiro: F-Futaba-san...
Tsukushi: That's what you want to say, right? Then just do it!
Mashiro: How did you know...?
Toko: Why else would you come all the way here?
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: Besides, we're all thinking the same thing. We want to play in the band with you.
Nanami: Yeah, our vocalist is a little timid, and we wouldn't have it any other way.
Mashiro: Why...?
Mashiro: You have every right to hate me for leaving the way I did. Why are you saying such nice things to me...?
Toko: Huh? Do you seriously not know?
Nanami: It's obvious!
Tsukushi: It's because we're friends!
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: Urgh... Ooh... Waaah...
Rui: She's crying.
Nanami: Ah! Don't cry, Shiro-chan!
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry... And I'm sorry I couldn't say how I felt before...
Tsukushi: Well, then tell us how you feel now.
Mashiro: Okay...
Mashiro: Can someone like me be in the band with you...?
Nanami, Tsukushi & Toko: Of course!
(White cut)
