band6-014 Chapter 14: That Feeling From Before

Mashiro has yet to recover from her disappointment. What will Toko tell her?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Tsukushi Futaba)

[CiRCLE Café]

Mashiro: (I thought entering that school would change things... I thought even an ordinary girl like me could find my special talent there.)
Mashiro: (But that's not true. A normal girl like me doesn't belong in that school...)
Kasumi: E-excuse me!!
Mashiro: ...? Y-you're...
Kasumi: Don't go! Could we... talk for a little bit?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Mashiro: (Why does Kasumi-san care so much about me...?)
Mashiro: (I've already given up on my band...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: But listen... I've also had painful times with my band. And times when I've cried.
Kasumi: But the others help me. And sometimes, I grab hold of them really tight and pull them forward, just like I'm doing now... That's why I am who I am today.
Kasumi: It's because of those moments that I can enjoy the moment I'm in now. The others and I can look back and laugh together at the hard times we've been through!
Kasumi: And that's why the me I am now can only communicate how fun being in a band is!
Mashiro: All you're doing is rambling!
Kasumi: You're completely right!! I may be selfish, and I may be rambling, but we've decided that we're just gonna get people to understand this feeling of fun!!
Kasumi: All we can do is push forward and perform with what we think and what we feel. It's up to you to watch and decide what you think of that.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ...
Toko: Ah, Kurata...
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan...
Mashiro: Uhm, are you still mad at me... about before...?
Toko: No, not at all.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: Sure, I was a little angry, but what you were saying about me wasn't exactly wrong.
Toko: Actually, it really got me thinking. If I still can't play certain parts or get in tune with everyone else, that must mean I need to practice more, right?
Toko: Unlike Futaba, I haven't been practicing at home at all. Only after school with you guys... And I think that showed in my performance.
Mashiro: Toko-chan...
Toko: You know, I actually really like being in a band. It's fun. It's just that I've always been this way.
Toko: Rather than pushing myself, I was more concerned about having fun. I don't think I've ever taken anything super seriously before.
Toko: But that ended up causing problems for everyone else. I'm sorry.
Mashiro: Y-you don't have to apologize!
Mashiro: I'm the one who should be apologizing... I was wrong to say all those things...
Toko: ... Don't worry about it. But are you seriously going to quit the band?
Mashiro: Yeah, I don't think I'm cut out for it...
Mashiro: If I could perform like the bands we saw at CiRCLE, it'd be different, but I don't think I can.
Toko: That's not what I mean. I'm asking what you want to do.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Toko: I don't really think about what I can or can't do.
Toko: If I want to do something, I just do it... Isn't that better? No one's stopping you from doing something just because you're not good at it.
Mashiro: I suppose. But...
Toko: Besides, there was something you were good at, right?
Mashiro: Th-that's not true...
Toko: Yes, it is! Those lyrics! You wrote some really amazing stuff back then!
Toko: I can't say why, but they really had an effect on me! Futaba and Hiromachi said the same thing, remember?
Mashiro: D-did they...?
Toko: They did! You know, you don't need to be so hard on yourself all the time. Have a little confidence.
Toko: ... Ah, I better get going. See ya later.
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan...
Mashiro: ... Confidence... What I want to do...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Amazing...
Mashiro: The atmosphere has completely changed...! The whole world is sparkling...!
Mashiro: It's not just the glow sticks either... The band's music itself is shining!
Tsukushi: Huh? What? Did you say something?
Mashiro: So this... is what a band is like...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Yeah, that's right...! How could I forget those feelings I had in the beginning...?
Mashiro: I didn't care about what I could or couldn't do back then...
Mashiro: I just saw a bright, sparkling world before my eyes... I just wanted... to try being in a band...
