band6-004 Chapter 4: The Fourth Member

Mashiro and the others convene to discuss the band. But who is this person watching them?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Mashiro, Toko & Tsukushi: Rock, paper... Scissors!
Toko: ...?!
Tsukushi: Alright, Kurata-san wins. That means you get to choose what part of the band you want to play first.
Toko: Wait, wait! That was just a practice round! Let's play one more time! Please!!
Tsukushi: Oh~, cut it out, will you?! How many practice rounds do you want?!
Toko: Please! Just one more time! That last one didn't count~!
Mashiro: You must have a part you really want to play, huh, Toko-chan? What is it?
Toko: Urgh, the guitar...
Toko: I mean, the guitarist totally stands out! I knew I had to play the guitar the minute I saw them playing at that concert.
Toko: ... Still, I shouldn't be talking about this! Now you guys will feel like you have to hold back for my sake~!
Tsukushi: How do you think we feel playing rock, paper, scissors over and over again?!
Mashiro: Uhm, I don't really want to play the guitar, so you don't have to worry about me.
Tsukushi: I've got something else in mind too, so you're welcome to play the guitar if you want.
Toko: Huh?! Seriously?! Are you sure?!
Toko: Oh~, you guys are too good for this world! Thank you!
Mashiro: Ahaha...
Mashiro: What about you, Futaba-san? You said you have a part you want to play as well.
Tsukushi: Yup! I want to play the drums! I used to play the drums in the elementary school marching band!
Toko: Whoa, wait, that means you're an experienced drummer, right?!
Tsukushi: I wouldn't say that... But, well, you could always come to me if you want advice.
Toko: So what about you, Kurata? What do you want to do?
Mashiro: What do I want to do...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Maybe the vocals...
Tsukushi: Huh?
Mashiro: N-no! That's just the first thing that came to mind...! The vocals are very important, so I shouldn't be the one to do them...!
Tsukushi: Why not? I say go for it. Besides, if that's the first thing that came to mind, that means you want to do it.
Mashiro: But the vocalist should be someone who shines on stage. I'm too plain. Besides, it's not like I'm good at singing anyway.
Mashiro: Our band will never stand out with me as the singer. I should really step back and let someone else-
Tsukushi: Don't you dare step back!
Toko: Yeah, even if you are plain, our band will have me in it, so we'll stand out for sure!
Tsukushi: You're not helping~!
Tsukushi: Anyway, just give vocals a shot! I'm sure you can do it! It'll be fine!
Mashiro: I'm not sure I agree with you, but... If you insist, I'll give it a shot.
Tsukushi: Yeah, it's good to try new things.
Toko: After that, we still need a bassist, right? ... Hm?
Tsukushi: What's wrong?
Toko: I must be imagining things... I could have sworn someone was watching us...
???: Hmmm~...
Mashiro: Ah! Someone is watching us! Look, over by the bushes!
Tsukushi: Wh-who is it, and what are they doing there?
Toko: Huh? Wait a second... Hey~! What're you doing over there, Hiromachi?
??? (Nanami): Ah! They saw me!
Mashiro: Huh? Is she a friend of yours, Toko-chan?
Toko: Yeah, That's Nanami Hiromachi. She's in my class. We only became friends when high school started though.
Nanami: Hey~, sorry about that. You all seemed to be having so much fun, so I couldn't help but stare.
Tsukushi: Jeez~, do you know how scary that was?! You could have just joined us. You're friends with Toko-chan, after all!
Nanami: Come on, there was no way I could interrupt such an intense game of rock, paper, scissors.
Tsukushi: It was only intense for one of us...
Mashiro: Ahaha...
Nanami: So what were you guys talking about?
Toko: Our band! These two and I decided to form one together!
Toko: We went to a concert together recently, and it made me wanna give it a try too~!
Nanami: Oh~, now that you mention it, I did see you post something about a concert online...
Toko: Ah, that reminds me! Do you guys wanna go to the music store after school today? Now that we've decided our parts, I wanna check out some instruments!
Tsukushi: Wow! I want to go too! I hope they have a cool set of drums~!
Mashiro: Why don't we meet at the school gates after homeroom then?
Toko: Okay~! Then after we check out our instruments, we should get some rainbows!
Mashiro: R-rainbows...?
Tsukushi: What are you talking about...?
Toko: Huh? You haven't heard about rainbows? They're smoothies filled with all the colors of the rainbow!
Toko: A café by the station started selling them recently, and they're my latest obsession!
Mashiro: A-a rainbow smoothie...? Uhm, what are they made of?
Toko: No clue. They kinda taste like milk tea though.
Tsukushi: That sounds terrifying! Why would a rainbow drink taste like milk tea?!
Toko: Who knows? I'm positive they're gonna be the next big thing, so you should try them! The rainbow trend is on it's way~.
Mashiro: Y-you really think so...?
Tsukushi: There's no way a weird drink like that will get popular...
Nanami: ...
Mashiro: ... Ah, I'm sorry, Hiromachi-san! We're leaving you out, aren't we?
Nanami: No, don't worry about it. You guys sure sound like you're having fun though. I'm kinda jealous~.
Toko: In that case, why don't you join our band too? We're actually looking for members!
Nanami: Huh? Can I really join?
Tsukushi: Of course! We're looking for a bassist right now. Do you have any experience with musical instruments?
Nanami: Nope, not at all, but I'd love to try the bass! It sounds fun!
Mashiro: Wow, thank you, Hiromachi-san...!
Nanami: No problem. I've actually been interested in bands for a while now~. They just sound so normal, don't they?
Toko, Tsukushi & Mashiro: Normal...?!
Nanami: I-I mean... Ahaha... Never mind me! Just talking to myself. I can't wait to be in a band with all of you!
