band6-008 Chapter 8: Mashiro's World

Mashiro puzzles over what kind of music to write. What sort of work will she produce?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Mashiro: Hmm, lyrics, huh...? What should I do? I can't think of anything...
Mashiro: No, I have to do my best. I'm already holding everyone else back in practice...!
Mashiro: There must be something I can use as a hint... Huh? What's that monument over there...?
Mashiro: Isn't this engraving the school motto? I think I remember hearing it during the entrance ceremony.
Mashiro: "Your spark will light the way." ... What did they say it meant again...?
Mashiro: Still, a road lit by sparks sounds like a nice image for a song...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Nanami: ... I moved things around a little bit, and this is what I came up with. What do you guys think?
Mashiro & Tsukushi: ...!
Toko: This is amazing! A total masterpiece!
Nanami: Come on, it's not that big of a deal. It took me a while to do too.
Tsukushi: No way, this is fantastic! Thank you so much for arranging our song!
Nanami: I'm just glad you like it. I was so surprised when the song we got was for the violin~.
Mashiro: It's not like Yashio-san was in a band, so it makes sense her song would be for an instrument she plays...
Toko: Right?! I can't believe nobody thought of that~.
Toko: But everything's fine now, thanks to our Hiromachi! Jeez, if you knew how to arrange music, you should've told us sooner~!
Nanami: ...? This is my first time arranging a song.
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Huh...?!
Tsukushi: How could you arrange a song this good on your first try...?
Mashiro: This took you about a week, didn't it...?
Nanami: Ahaha, it's easier than you think. All you have to do is look up how to do it!
Toko: Wow~. Maybe I'll give it a look myself later.
Tsukushi: I-I get the feeling it's a bit harder than that...
Mashiro: Just who is Hiromachi-san...?
Toko: Now the lyrics are another problem all together~. None of these feel right.
Tsukushi: W-well, this is our first time writing a song, so they aren't going to be perfect.
Nanami: Huh? I only see three sets of lyrics though. Who's missing?
Mashiro: Ah, well...
Toko: Someone looks pretty guilty~. Did you forget to write your lyrics or something?
Mashiro: N-no, I wrote some, but after seeing everyone else's, I don't know if they're up to par...
Mashiro: Uhm, do I have to show mine...? I really don't think they're any good, so maybe we can just skip me...
Tsukushi: Argh, how can we say they're bad when we haven't even seen them? Come on, hand them over.
Nanami: Ah, these are your lyrics, right?
Toko: Let's see...
Tsukushi, Toko & Nanami: ...
Mashiro: They're bad, aren't they...?
Tsukushi: N-not at all. These lyrics are great...
Mashiro: Huh...?!
(White cut)
Toko: They aren't just great, they're fantastic! I can't say why I think they're so good, but I know that they are!
Tsukushi: You really can't explain it...?
Toko: What, and you can?
Tsukushi: Huh? O-of course I can...!
Tsukushi: And I'll be more than happy to elaborate, b-but first we need to get Hiromachi-san's opinion!
Nanami: Yeah, I like these lyrics too.
Nanami: You must have had something in mind when you wrote these lyrics, right? I can almost picture the scenery as I read them!
Nanami: Maybe you could say we're seeing the world through your eyes. It's super interesting!
Tsukushi: Y-yeah! That's exactly what I was going to say!
Toko: Are you sure~? Still, how did you come up with these lyrics, anyway?
Mashiro: Uhm... This is what came to mind when I was reading the school motto...
Tsukushi: You got all this from the school motto...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: When I'm by myself, I tend to get lost in my own thoughts...
Mashiro: Sometimes I imagine that I'm a tiny butterfly lost in a magnificent garden. Just a plain girl that somehow got into this famous school...
Nanami: H-how dark...
Toko: You were saying some weird stuff at the concert too. Wasn't it something about stars in a bright blue sky...?
Mashiro: Yeah, the same thing happened there. That was the image that came to mind while I was watching the concert.
Mashiro: It was like Poppin'Party's song itself was sparkling under a clear blue sky...
Toko: Hmm, I still don't get it. I guess this means we'll be using Kurata's lyrics though, right?
Tsukushi: Yeah, no complaints here. Besides, having lyrics inspired by the school motto really gives our song a Tsukinomori feel.
Nanami: Yeah, for sure. Congratulations, Shiro-chan!
Mashiro: Th-thank you...
