band6-018 Chapter 18: Atelier

Mashiro and the others establish a new rehearsal location. Their excitement grows as they aim for the upcoming music festival.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Morning~! Oh, looks like everybody's here!
Mashiro: Ah, good morning, Toko-chan.
Tsukushi: Jeez, do you know how late you are?! You were supposed to be here twenty minutes ago!
Toko: My bad! My alarm stopped~!
Rui: You should get used to Kirigaya-san's tardiness if you intend to be in the same band as her.
Rui: When we called her into a student council meeting, she showed up an hour late.
Toko: W-well, when you think of it in terms of the universe, being late doesn't seem like that big of a deal, does it?
Tsukushi: That's for us to decide, not you...!
Mashiro: Ahaha...
Mashiro: Anyway, I'm glad we found a place to practice. This way we can even rehearse on our days off.
Tsukushi: Yeah, no kidding. Thanks again, Hiromachi-san.
Nanami: No problem at all. Feel free to use this place however you like.
Toko: I still can't believe you have such an amazing atelier in your own home! What a shock!
Mashiro: Your father's a sculptor and your mother's a painter, right? That's so cool.
Nanami: Ah~, yeah, I guess... Ah, just don't ever go into my house!
Mashiro: O-okay, we won't. But why...?
Nanami: Let's just say, my family's a bit different...
Mashiro: ...?
Toko: Ah, that's right. I've got something to show you guys.
Mashiro: What is it?
Toko: All those bands at the concert had their own stage costumes, right?
Toko: Well, I figured we should have some too, so I whipped us up something myself!
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Wh-what?!
(Black cut)
Toko: Ta-dah~! Well, what do you think of our brand new stage outfits?!
Tsukushi: Huh?! You made this amazing outfit yourself?!
Rui: It seems very well-made and comfortable.
Mashiro: This looks like something you'd see in a store...!
Toko: Of course it does! It was done by a professional after all!
Mashiro: A professional?
Toko: Ah, did I never tell you guys? My family has been running a kimono shop for generations.
Toko: I know a lot of people in the apparel industry, so I've even started my own brand as a hobby.
Toko: Which is why I decided to make our stage costumes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, are you in there? You're freezing up again~!
Mashiro: Ah, s-sorry... I'd never heard of a high school student starting their own brand before. I was just surprised...
Toko: Well, once you reach my level, making something like this is a piece of cake~.
Tsukushi: The outfit itself is really cool, but so are these accessories. Did your brand make these as well?
Toko: Ah~, actually those were made by Hiromachi.
Tsukushi: Hiromachi-san?
Toko: When I was designing the outfits, I mentioned to her that I'd love to add some accessories, and she said she'd make them.
Nanami: Yeah, they seemed easy enough to make...
Mashiro & Tsukushi: ...
Nanami: Huh? Is something wrong with them? I made sure to follow Toko-chan's design...
Rui: They are surprised because you managed to create something that a high schooler should not be able to make.
Nanami: Huh...? But it's easy if you just look up how to make them. Anybody can do it~!
Tsukushi: N-no way! These look like they could be sold in a shop!
Mashiro: Yeah, and an expensive shop at that...
Nanami: R-really...? Ooh, being normal is so hard...
Toko: Anyway, with our outfits ready to go, all we have to do now is make our show at the music festival a success!
Tsukushi: Right. Ah, that reminds me. Can I ask you guys something?
Tsukushi: I was thinking it might be a good idea to make another original song for the festival. What do you guys think?
Mashiro: Another original song?
Tsukushi: We only have one, right? Having another one would help us show the audience who we are as a band.
Nanami: We still have time until the music festival, so one song should be no problem.
Toko: Sounds like a plan to me! Let's do it! I want more original songs anyway!
Tsukushi: Well, in the end, the one who actually composes the song will be Yashio-san...
Rui: I do not mind. It has been some time since I left music, so this will be an excellent chance for me to get used to composing again.
Nanami: Then that settles it! As for the lyrics... It's gotta be our Shiro-chan!
Toko: For sure! Don't try to tell us you're not confident enough, okay~?
Mashiro: I won't...!
Mashiro: If you all trust me, I want to do everything I can...!
Tsukushi: Yeah, that's it. Now we're starting to sound like a real band!
Tsukushi: We've got Kurata-san as our lyricist and Yashio-san as our composer. Then we have Toko-chan and Hiromachi-san doing our costumes. Yup, everyone's got their own role!
Toko: Hm? What about you, Futaba? Doesn't that leave you out?
Tsukushi: M-me? What are you talking about? I'm our magnificent leader!
Nanami: Ahaha, she called herself magnificent~!
Tsukushi: D-don't laugh~!
