band6-016 Chapter 16: Between Reality and Emotion

With Mashiro's return, the four members are once again reunited. What thoughts will Rui share with them?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori - Vacant Classroom]

Toko: Phew...!
Mashiro: That was amazing, Toko-chan. You've gotten so good at the guitar.
Tsukushi: You can even play the parts you were struggling with before.
Toko: Fufufu, that's because I've started practicing at home!
Nanami: Huh? I thought you said that wasn't your style.
Toko: Yeah, but now playing the guitar is super fun! I'm always practicing at home!
Nanami: Sounds like somebody's easily swayed by their emotions~.
Toko: You know, you've gotten a lot better at projecting your voice, haven't you, Kurata?
Mashiro: Y-yeah, I don't want to make excuses anymore, so I've been practicing singing in a louder voice in the bathroom at home.
Mashiro: That being said, there might still be times when I try to make excuses...
Tsukushi: Fufu, isn't that an excuse right there?
Nanami: Alright, should we try playing a song all together now?
Tsukushi: Yeah. Ah, but before that... Yashio-san!
Rui: ...? What is it?
Tsukushi: Would you like to play with us?
Tsukushi: We were all talking, and a lot of us haven't heard you play before.
Nanami: Yeah. I'd love to hear you play violin~.
Rui: Like I said before, I have quit music. Besides, I do not have an instrument to play.
Toko: We thought you might say that, so... We borrowed a violin from the music department!
Rui: ... It seems you all wish to see me perform no matter what. Very well, but only this once.
Nanami: Thank you! Alright, places, everybody!
(Black cut)
Rui: ... That is all.
Rui: My skills have greatly deteriorated. My apologies for such a boring performance.
Toko: Huh?! In what world was that a boring?!
Mashiro: Y-yeah! I can't believe how skilled you are...!
Rui: A boring performance is still boring.
Rui: If you think that was a satisfactory performance, then perhaps you should listen to a few other musicians.
Tsukushi: No, I think your standards are just too high...
Nanami: Actually... Yashio-san, would you like to join our band?
Rui: Me? Join your band...?
Nanami: Not playing at all is such a waste of your skills~!
Nanami: You're always with us anyway, so being in the band would be much more fun!
Toko: That's true. You haven't done anything but watch us this whole time.
Toko: Besides, if you believe in us so much, why not join the band?
Mashiro: Ah, that's right. You said Yashio-san helped you guys out before.
Rui: Like I said, that was just a misunderstanding.
Tsukushi: Still, having you in our band would really put us on another level!
Tsukushi: You're a skilled violinist and can even write music!
Rui: So having me in the band would just be more convenient for you, is that it?
Nanami: A-ahaha, rather than convenient, we're just saying it'd be nice...
Rui: ... I do not understand how you all can choose a path which you see no future in. Kurata-san even returned after leaving.
Nanami: No future? Are you talking about the band?
Rui: To be frank, I do not think any of you have musical talent.
Tsukushi: You sure are blunt...
Rui: I am the same way, which is why I decided that I had no future in music. Yet you have all decided to pursue this path.
Mashiro: Th-that's because we want to be in a band...!
Rui: In other words, you are prioritizing your emotions over reality.
Rui: Which I cannot call good decision-making. One should stick to what they do best.
Toko: Yeah, I guess that's how most people in this school think. They just focus on what they're good at.
Toko: But Yashio, have you ever, you know... prioritized your emotions before?
Rui: Of course not.
Toko: Alright, then how do you know it's not a good decision?
Tsukushi: Y-yeah! How can you decide something without trying it yourself?!
Mashiro: Y-yeah...!
Rui: ... This is true. I suppose I cannot call it bad decision-making.
Rui: (I chose to quit violin because of the reality of the situation. I still believe this was the right call...)
Rui: (However, what would have happened if I had decided to prioritize my emotions...? I do not know where that path would have taken me...)
Mashiro: Yashio-san...?
Rui: Fine. I will join your band.
Mashiro, Tsukushi, Toko & Nanami: Huh?!
Nanami: That's what got you to join the band...?
Rui: I am simply interested in seeing what happens when I choose a path I see no future in.
Rui: Do not misunderstand though. I still believe that people should prioritize reality over their emotions.
Nanami: Reality over emotions, huh...? Y-yeah, that sounds like a robot, alright.
Toko: When you say it like that, though... It makes me think you actually wanted to keep playing music.
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: Well, in any case, it's great to have you on board, Yashio-san!
Toko: Yeah! After practice, we should get some soba crepes to celebrate!
Mashiro: Soba crepes...?
Tsukushi: What's that? It sounds like some kind of food...
Nanami: Weren't you really into those rainbow smoothies?
Toko: Ah~, those are so yesterday. Now I'm really into yakisoba crepes!
Rui: Yakisoba crepes...?
Mashiro: Are they crepes stuffed with yakisoba...?
Toko: Obviously! The crepe place by the station just started making them. They're my latest obsession~.
Toko: Trust me, they're gonna be the next big thing! In three months, everybody will be eating soba crepes!
Mashiro: I-I can't really picture it...
Tsukushi: Yeah, that's not going to happen...
Rui: ... I will have to decline your invitation.
Nanami: Ahaha. I don't know about soba crepes, but getting crepes sounds nice. There's something I want to talk to you guys about anyway.
Toko: What is it?
Nanami: Something that I think will help us level up even more.
Nanami: I've been thinking, wouldn't it be a good idea to study some concerts?
Mashiro: Study concerts?
Nanami: Yeah. We could go to a show and study it. And I've got the perfect show in mind~...
