band6-013 Chapter 13: Nanami's Secret

The band's mood darkens as Mashiro disappears. Can Nanami do something about it?

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Vacant Classroom]

Nanami: Stop! Stop! Our music is getting all mixed up~!
Tsukushi: S-sorry. I can't get into the right rhythm...
Toko: My bad. I can't concentrate.
Nanami: Why don't we take a short break then...?
Toko: Sounds good. Kurata, do you wanna go grab some juice?
Tsukushi: Huh...?
Toko: Ah, right. She's not here...
Nanami: Are you both thinking about Shiro-chan?
Toko: I guess. We're always together, so not having her here feels weird.
Tsukushi: ...
Toko: Is she seriously going to quit the band...?
Toko: I mean, she made me mad, but I know she's been working hard for the band.
Toko: It must have been a real shock to see our show's fail. And then to see those comments online on top of that...
Tsukushi: ...
Nanami: T-Toko-chan!
Toko: Huh? Ah, don't get me wrong, Futaba! I'm not saying it's your fault!
Tsukushi: I know that...! Everything I said was true!
Tsukushi: She kept saying all those half-hearted things, and then she tried to blame everyone else for her own mistakes... That's wrong!
Nanami: Y-yeah, I think so too, but... Then why do you seem so sad?
Tsukushi: I-I'm just... wondering if I was too hard on her...
Tsukushi: Kurata-san lost all her confidence after coming to this school. She's been feeling down ever since...
Tsukushi: Being in a band seemed to cheer her up, but then I had to go and scold her like that...
Nanami: In that case, wouldn't it be best to apologize to her?
Tsukushi: I suppose, but what I said wasn't wrong...
Tsukushi: Oooh~, I just don't know what to say to her~!
Nanami: Th-things sure are complicated, huh...?
Tsukushi: What should I do, Hiromachi-san?
Nanami: Huh? Y-you're asking me...? I don't know anything about this stuff, but~...
Nanami: O-okay. I'll go talk to her, so you don't need to worry about it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Nanami: If you want to make up with a friend, you need to talk to them...
Nanami: That's what came up first when I looked it up online, so that's what I'll do! I need to find out how Shiro-chan's feeling...!
Nanami: Ah, there she is! Shiro-chan, could we talk for a-
Mashiro: ...! U-uh, uhm, I-I'm sorry!
Nanami: Huh? W-wait! Why are you running away~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsukinomori Girls Academy - Courtyard]

Nanami: Sigh~...
Nanami: I never did catch up to her... I tried sending her a message, but she's not responding either. How am I suppose to talk to someone who hates talking...?
Rui: That was quite the sigh there, Hiromachi-san.
Nanami: Ah, Rui-ru-... I mean, Yashio-san.
Nanami: I'm just a little worried about Shiro-chan. Having normal friends sure is hard. How do people do it...?
Rui: You mean normal people, correct?
Nanami: Uhm, you see, I don't have that many friends, so I just don't know how to handle these situations...
Rui: I can imagine. Especially since you were once the most special person among us.
Nanami: Wh-what are you talking about? We only got to know each other recently, right?
Rui: Indeed, but I knew of you before that.
Rui: You were once at the top of our class in terms of grades.
Nanami: ...?!
Rui: Your artistic skills were also garnering much attention. I remember people expecting you to be the best in our class.
Rui: However, somewhere along the line, the extraordinary Nanami Hiromachi became ordinary.
Nanami: ... I thought everyone had forgotten that by now...
Rui: Sometimes our growth slows down as we get older. I'm sure that's what everyone assumed happened to you.
Rui: Until recently, I would have agreed with them. But not anymore.
Rui: You are just pretending to be normal.
Nanami: Wh-what makes you think that...?
Nanami: I might have been smart as a kid, but I'm completely normal now~...
Rui: A normal person would not have been able to arrange a song like that on their first try.
Nanami: Huh...? That's not normal?
Rui: No, it is not.
Nanami: I-I see...
Rui: I do not understand you. What reason could you have to hide your abilities?
Nanami: ... I mean, you can't make friends unless you're normal.
Nanami: When you're gifted, the only things you get from other people are weird expectations and jealousy. Nothing good ever comes of it.
Nanami: How could I possibly like myself in that case? I just wish I could be like everyone else...
Rui: ...
