band6-011 Chapter 11: Rain-Soaked Sky

After a surprisingly poor performance, Mashiro's group reflect on what happened, and Mashiro grows gloomy...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Mashiro: ...
Nanami: C-come on, Shiro-chan, cheer up! Don't look so gloomy!
Mashiro: We've performed at so many events now though, and nothing's changed...
Toko: Well, the crowd's reaction hasn't gotten any better since that first concert...
Nanami: But we've only just started performing! We'll get there! I know it!
Tsukushi: Y-yeah! We can't rush these things!
Tsukushi: We shouldn't let this get us down! We need to move forward with confidence!
Mashiro: ... Did you know about this?
Nanami: What? Is there something on social media...?
Mashiro: I found people talking about us online.
Tsukushi: Did they come to our shows? Let's see...
Tsukushi: "That Tsukinomori band was kinda disappointing..."
Nanami: "For such an elite school, that band was pretty mediocre..."
Tsukushi: So this is what people are saying...
Nanami: Some people just expect more from our school, I guess.
Toko: What about this one...?
Toko: "The vocalist for that Tsukinomori band was pretty average. I was expecting more." "There's gotta be better singers at that school than her, right?"
Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: (I've been trying my best...)
Mashiro: (I thought for sure I'd find my special something if I worked hard enough... But no one's ever going to look at me like that...)
Tsukushi: H-hey, don't let this get to you!
Nanami: Y-yeah! You didn't do anything wrong, Shiro-chan. The vocalist is just the one people notice first...
Tsukushi: In any case, what we need to do now is practice! If we just keep working at it, I'm sure-
Mashiro: I don't want to be in a band anymore...
Toko, Nanami & Tsukushi: Huh...?
Mashiro: I worked really hard, but look at what they're saying.
Mashiro: I practiced so much for those shows, and it was all for nothing... I don't want to be in a band if it's just going to be like this.
Tsukushi: O-our shows didn't go well because we haven't been practicing enough...!
Tsukushi: Now that we've played live, aren't there a lot of areas you noticed you need to improve on?
Tsukushi: Like how you get lost in our sound, or how you need to sing more clearly. You even messed up the lyrics because you were nervous.
Mashiro: W-well... What about Toko-chan...?
Toko: Huh? What about me?
Mashiro: You make a ton of mistakes and you're always off beat from the rest of us... It's really distracting...
Toko: Well yeah, that's true, but... Are you saying it's my fault?
Tsukushi: K-Kurata-san...!
Mashiro: And you, Futaba-san... You said you'd always be there to help if I needed it, but you didn't help at all...
Tsukushi: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, you don't mean tha-
Mashiro: It doesn't matter how hard I try. I'll never be able to sing well...
Tsukushi: Stop saying that!
Mashiro: ...!
Tsukushi: You're always so quick to make excuses!
Tsukushi: Saying you can't do this or that... Whether you can or can't do something doesn't matter!
Tsukushi: Is it always someone else's fault when you fail? If you're going be like that, then fine, quit already!
Mashiro: Wh-what else am I suppose to think...? Unlike everyone else in this school, I'm nothing special...!
Mashiro: I can't be confident like you, Futaba-san...!
Nanami: Shiro-chan...!
Toko: ... What the heck, Kurata?
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: I'm not as confident as you think...!
