band6-010 Chapter 10: Our First Concert

The day of their first concert has come. With hours of training under the belts, the girls take to the stage with confidence.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Day of the Show]

[Live House]

Tsukushi: Today's the day, guys!
Tsukushi: This is it! Our first concert! Everybody's ready, right?!
Toko: Totally! We'll show these bands just how amazing Tsukinomori is!
Mashiro: There are way more people here than I thought there'd be...!
Mashiro: I figured no one would come to this event because all the bands are newer ones.
Toko: Ah, that's probably because I posted about it online. See? Look at all the kids from our school.
Nanami: Y-you really do have a lot of friends...!
Tsukushi: Ah, looks like we're up. O-okay, let's go!
(Black cut)
Toko: Hey, everybody! We're Tsukinomori, or at least, that's our name for now!
Toko: This is our first concert as a band, but I just know our performance will rock your world!
Tsukushi: Uhm~, ahem. We hope you'll enjoy this song we put together.
Mashiro: (Ooh, there really are a lot of people here. Standing on stage makes that even more obvious.)
Mashiro: (Still, we did great during practice. As long as I just sing like I always do, it'll be fine...)
Mashiro: (Besides, I'm finally on that sparkling stage...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Live House - Dressing Room]

Toko: Oooh~, we did it! Our first performance is over~!!
Nanami: Yeah~. Now that was fun~. That was pretty good for our first concert, don't you think?
Tsukushi: Heh, they made a big mistake putting us first. I bet we're the best band here today.
Mashiro: Y-yeah...
Nanami: Hm? You don't seem very excited.
Mashiro: Ah, it's just that, um, the concert we went to before seemed a lot more lively...
Toko: Ah, the one at CiRCLE, right?
Tsukushi: All those bands have been performing for a while now though. Of course they'd be different.
Tsukushi: Out of all the new bands, I'm sure we're the best there is.
Mashiro: I see. Yeah, I guess you're right...
All: ...!
Nanami: What was that? Did you hear those cheers?
Tsukushi: O-oh. I guess there is another band as popular as us.
Toko: Looks like it... Why don't we go check it out?
Mashiro: Y-yeah...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Mashiro, Toko & Tsukushi: ...
Nanami: What's wrong, guys? You're all really quiet.
Toko: I mean, wasn't the crowd a lot more pumped up during the other bands' performances...?
Mashiro: Compared to their concerts, the reaction we got from the crowd was nothing...
Tsukushi: Y-yeah. Still, I don't think that means our performance was bad.
Toko: It was like their shows had more passion or energy to them though. They were completely different from ours.
Mashiro: Even your friends seemed to have more fun during the other band's shows...
Mashiro: If Toko-chan's friends hadn't been there, would the crowd have even cheered for us...?
Tsukushi & Toko: ...
Toko: W-well, I'm sure we'll get to that level someday! We can't let this get us down!
Tsukushi: Y-yeah, you're right! This is us we're talking about. I'm sure we'll be able to perform like that in no time!
Nanami: Yeah, that's the spirit. We need to think positively.
Mashiro: Are you sure we'll get better though...?
Tsukushi: Our next show will be a hit! I know it!
Toko: Yeah. I'll look around for other events we can perform at! Something that suits us just right!
Mashiro: ...
