9_Rimi Ushigome_R1 I Love Chocolate

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

Rimi: Nice to meet you. My name is Rimi Ushigome.
Rimi: I was invited to join a band by my classmate, Kasumi-chan.
Rimi: And I thought, "I'll play the bass as best as I can!"
Rimi: At first, I worried a lot about whether I could really do it...
Rimi: But Kasumi always told me that I was doing okay.
Rimi: Oh, and the bass is actually a hand-me-down from my sister.
Rimi: She's also in a band, and she's really cool...
Rimi: I'm still pretty bad. But I hope I can practice a lot and be just like her.
Rimi: Uhm, and uhh... I love chocolate. Whenever there's new chocolate at the convenience store, I can't stop myself from buying it.
Rimi: But I really recommend the chocolate cornet at Saya-chan's bread shop!
Rimi: The bread is so soft! And the chocolate melts in your mouth! Just eating it can brighten your day.
Rimi: Ah! Why am I talking about chocolate? This is supposed to be about the band...
Rimi: Uhm, I'm not very good, but I'd be happy if everyone could support us, even just a little bit.


<Dream Of Glitter*Green>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

Rimi: Um, if I turn here I should...
Rimi: Eek!!
Rimi: Oh, I-I'm sorry...! Are you okay?
Rimi: That's a relief...
Rimi: Huh? {{userName}}-san...? What a surprise to see you here...!
Rimi: Are you doing some shopping? Oh, I see. It's your day off.
Rimi: Huh? Me?
Rimi: Umm, I'm going to see my big sis... uh, my sister's band play.
Rimi: That's right, she's in a band too... She's really good at the guitar.
Rimi: Their band is called Glitter*Green, have you heard of them before?
Rimi: Everyone in Glitter*Green is really talented, I wish I was like them...!
Rimi: Ah, but recently I think I've changed...
Rimi: Oh, I mean the way I see them has changed. I used to always just look up to them and think they were cool or amazing.
Rimi: Since I started performing, I've started noticing things I can learn from them, and other ways to play...
Rimi: I don't just look up to them now. When I see them, it makes me want to improve as well.
Rimi: After joining Poppin' Party and playing music with everyone... I started to think about things differently...
Rimi: ... Oh, I'm sorry! I've been talking about myself the whole time...!
Rimi: Um, I... I'll do my best! I want to play good shows with my favorite people... and I want to change more...
Rimi: I hope you'll keep watching over us!
