12_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Time for Chocolate Cornets

Gacha phrase: Band practice is so much fun, every day is a good day!

<Rimi-Sensei & Saya-Sensei>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

Rimi: So, this is my room.
Tae: It's so Rimi-like.
Saya: Haha, I think I know what you mean.
Rimi: We have a test coming up, so let's study hard!
Tae: I don't want to have to take extra classes because of a bad grade.
Tae: Rimi Sensei, Saya Sensei, if you could help, that would be great.
Rimi: My grades are average, and I'm not very good at teaching... It'd probably be better to ask Saya if you don't understand something.
Saya: I'm probably not that much better than Rimi-rin, though... But hey, if there's something I can help with, I'll explain it to you.
Rimi: Alright, let's start then!
Tae: I can't go on.
Tae: Sugar levels, down. Can't move.
Rimi: Haha... Maybe we should take a break.
Saya: It hasn't even been 30 minutes since we started!
Tae: It's not good to overwork yourself.
Rimi: It's the same for studying and rehearsal.
Rimi: Hold on. I'll get some black tea and cake.
Saya: This chocolate cake is delicious!
Rimi: I got it from the cake shop at the station entrance.
Saya: I see. Maybe I'll go buy some for Sana and Jun next time.
Tae: This blend... It was made using high quality leaves.
Saya: O-Tae, you can tell?
Tae: Bold taste, yet so smooth... I can tell this flavor is Rimi's "cup of tea."
Rimi: Uhm... I made it with a regular tea bag, though. And I don't really have a preference...
Tae: You know what they say: "fake it 'til you make it."
Saya: What are you talking about?!
Tae: Anyway... Rimi, how's school been lately?
Saya: Changing the subject, I see.
Rimi: School? Everyday is so fun...
Rimi: Because I get to see everyone from the band!
Rimi: And I like rehearsal. Yeah, I'm having a good time!
Saya: Me too! Being together makes each day an enjoyable one!
Rimi: Tehehe.
Saya: Hehe.
Tae: I've had my eye on this since we came in, but...
Rimi: Hm?
Tae: Over on your bookshelf. Is that a music magazine... and a horror novel?
Rimi: Oh, yeah. I like horror novels.
Saya: Huh... Didn’t see that coming.
Rimi: Really?
Tae: How about instead of studying, we watch a horror movie?
Rimi: ... Maybe we should get back to studying.
Tae: I can't go on.
Saya: Again?!
Tae: This problem is too hard. It's like the last boss.
Rimi: Uhh, that problem is... Sorry, I'm also not sure.
Saya: That one's pretty hard to explain... Hmm...
Rimi: Oh, why don't we go ask Arisa-chan?
Saya: Yeah! Let's do that!
Tae: Could also be a good chance to ask Arisa about the parts you guys don't get.
Rimi: It does seem like studying will be faster that way.
Rimi: Okay, let's go to Arisa's house!


<Favorite Horror Novel>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

Rimi: Umm, {{userName}}-san.
Rimi: Good morning. You came to the library today too?
Rimi: Is there a book that you want to read, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: ... Huh? You're studying today?
Rimi: Oh, I see. I'm here to do the same.
Rimi: I sometimes come here because they have a study space.
Rimi: Um, would you mind if we studied together?
Rimi: ... Really? Thank you!
Rimi: Okay, let's go to the study space.
(Black cut)
Rimi: I guess there's no one here because it's still so early in the morning.
Rimi: I'm glad you're here too.
Rimi: I might've felt lonely studying in here by myself.
Rimi: ... I have a test tomorrow, so I need to study really hard today.
Rimi: It's easy to concentrate in libraries, don't you think?
Rimi: When I had a study session at my house with Saya-chan and the others recently, we started chatting and eating cakes straight away...
Rimi: We didn't get much study done.
Rimi: It's a nice memory though.
Rimi: ... Huh? That sounds just like us?
Rimi: I guess you're right, fufu.
Rimi: ... You think we should have come to the library instead?
Rimi: I came here once with Kasumi-chan before...
Rimi: It seems she gets really sleepy inside libraries... Fufu, I don't think this is her kind of place.
Rimi: I've also studied here with O-Tae-chan as well.
Rimi: In the beginning we got a lot done...
Rimi: But after about 30 minutes, O-Tae-chan said it was "nice and quiet" and then fell asleep.
Rimi: The library staff came up and warned us that sleeping wasn't allowed in here...
Rimi: ... Oh, if we talk too much the staff will warn us to keep it down.
Rimi: Let's start studying.
(Black cut)
Rimi: I got a lot of study done!
Rimi: You did too? I'm glad to hear it. Fufu.
Rimi: Umm, do you still have time, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: Would you like to browse some books together?
Rimi: This is the library, after all.
Rimi: This library has all kinds of books, doesn't it?
Rimi: ... What kind of things do I like to read?
Rimi: I like horror novels. Saya-chan said I was the last person she expected to like horror.
Rimi: But I like horror movies and games too, not just books.
Rimi: They're scary, but that's what makes them fun, don't you think?
Rimi: ... Oh, this book looks interesting.
Rimi: I think I might borrow it. I won't be able to read it until after the test though.
Rimi: ... Huh? You want me to recommend you a book?
Rimi: Umm, in that case...
Rimi: This one was really interesting, I definitely recommend it.
Rimi: But it was also really scary, so if you don't like horror, it might not be a good idea...
Rimi: ... Oh, you're still going to borrow it? Ehehe, that makes me kind of happy.
Rimi: ... It's getting late.
Rimi: I should get going soon.
Rimi: I have band practice after this.
Rimi: ... Thanks for your encouragement! I'll give it my best today. Ehehe.
Rimi: Let me know what you think of that book when you're finished, {{userName}}-san!
