245_Rimi Ushigome_R2 Shy Angel

<Who was the Phantom Thief?>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Rimi: Good morning, Saya-chan.
Saya: Morning, Rimi-rin. Sorry I couldn't go to the Halloween thing yesterday. How was it?
Rimi: Oh! It was super fun!
Saya: I'm glad to hear it. What did you think of the person I asked to stand in for me?
Rimi: She was really cool! I was so surprised you knew such an amazing person, Saya-chan!
Saya: (Oh, this reaction... Rimi-rin hasn't realized it was Kaoru-san.)
Rimi: She came dressed as a Phantom Thief, and her costume looked really good on her...
Rimi: She was really kind too. She even helped me practice saying "trick or treat" so that we could get candy.
Rimi: Thanks to her, I was actually able to say it to people and get candy.
Saya: Oh, wow. I'm glad it worked out, Rimi-rin♪
Rimi: Yeah, I was a little nervous, but I think I was okay because she was my partner.
Rimi: I only got through it because of her.
Rimi: ... Oh, but it was a shame that she kept her mask on even until the very end~.
Saya: Ahh, okay. Well, in any case, I'm glad you were able to have a good time.
Rimi: But, you know... I thought the Phantom Thief might be someone that I know.
Saya: Really? Why's that?
Rimi: The way she spoke and acted... I can't think of who it reminds me of though...
Rimi: I feel like I've met her before...
Saya: I-I see...
Rimi: Saya-chan... Do you know who she is?
Saya: Uh... umm...
Saya: (I can't say it... She agreed to step in for me on the terms that I keep her identity a secret...)
Saya: (And the reason she wanted to keep it a secret was so that we don't "shatter the dreams of those who believe in the Phantom Thief." ... It's such a Kaoru-san thing to say.)
Rimi: Come on, Saya-chan, tell me who she is. It really brothers me~.
Saya: Hrm~, but she asked me not to tell anyone.
Saya: She said that she wants to remain a phantom.
Rimi: Really...? Th-that's kind of lovely too.
Saya: So, as per her request, I'm going to have to keep it a secret.
Rimi: If that's the reason, I guess it can't be helped.
Rimi: Okay! I won't ask you about it again.
Saya: Thanks, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: It's okay, really.
Rimi: I think it's so cool how she wanted to be the Phantom Thief all the way until the end!
Saya: Fufu, it might not be such a bad thing to leave it as a secret, you know?
Saya: You were able to have a great time at Halloween even though you didn't know who she was, after all.
Rimi: Yeah! You're right!
Saya: In that case, let's just keep it as a happy memory then.
Rimi: Yeah, I will! Ahh, but I hope I get to meet her again...
Saya: (Fufu... I think you'll meet again. Probably sooner than you think...)


<A Little More Used to It>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Yamabuki Bakery]

Rimi: Mmm~, it smells so good♪ I wonder what I'll get today...
Rimi: A chocolate cornet, of course, but what else...?
Rimi: Ah, h-hello, {{userName}}-san.
Rimi: {{userName}}-san, are you here to buy something too? Oh, I was just getting some snacks...
Rimi: I-I've got two chocolate cornets... but, I might get some more...
Rimi: I really love chocolate cornets. Especially the ones from Yamabuki Bakery!
Rimi: That's right! They are really delicious.
Rimi: Wh-whaaat? Wait a minute! D-don't go and buy them all just because they're delicious! That's so mean~!
Rimi: ... Y-you're just kidding? *sigh* That's a relief... If you went and bought them all, there wouldn't be any left for me...
Rimi: B-but they do taste really good, so you should at least buy one.
Rimi: ... I just realized, but the first time we met, I couldn't really talk to you very well, but now I can talk normally when I'm around you.
Rimi: I'm not really good at talking to people... Which is why I'm really happy that I can talk to you like this!
Rimi: Ah, but, I had to pair up with someone I didn't know for the Halloween event the other day, but I think I was able to talk to her as well...
Rimi: Yeah, it was a Halloween event that Kororo organized, and I was paired with a person dressed as a Phantom Thief.
Rimi: I couldn't imagine the old me ever doing something like that with someone I didn't know...
Rimi: But after joining the band with Kasumi... I experienced lots of different things and now I'm a little more used to talking to people.
Rimi: But even then, I still get nervous when I talk to new people or people I haven't spoken to very much... ahaha...
Rimi: I kind of hope that I can experience more things and get to know more people and one day get good at talking♪
Rimi: ... Um, I should probably be going. I have to eat my chocolate cornets!
