337_Rimi Ushigome_R3 Now I'm Nervous

Gacha phrase: It kind of makes you feel differently about things, doesn't it?

<The Key to Talking to Strangers>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Event - Afternoon]

[Event Venue]

Rimi: E-excuse me... You can have this flyer... if you'd like...!
Rimi: (Ah... Ignored again...)
Rimi: ... Sigh. This isn't going so well...
Saya: What's wrong Rimi-rin? That was quite the sigh.
Rimi: Ah, Saya-chan... I thought I would try talking to people at other booths, kind of like Kasumi-chan, but...
Saya: Not really working out?
Rimi: N-no...
Saya: Yeah, that is one of Kasumi's strong points. Apparently, she even got along with someone from overseas. You could feel the excitement just by looking at their gestures and body language...
Rimi: And she's always taking review sessions... For foreign language class too. Isn't that right...?
Kasumi: Ah~! Rimi-rin! Saya~! What are you guys doing just standing there?! You'd be better off stopping by more booths!
Kasumi: Man! Every single person here has something interesting about them! You learn something new just by listening to what they have to say!
Rimi: ... Uhm, K-Kasumi-chan! Can I ask you a question?
Kasumi: Mhm! Yep! What is it? Ask me anything!
Rimi: H-how exactly... do you get along so well with people you're meeting for the first time? Is there... a trick to it or something?
Kasumi: Trick? A trick, huh...? A trick, a trick, a trick...
Saya: I'm not sure if I'd call it a trick, but just by looking at you, I'd say you try to ask a lot of questions, correct?
Kasumi: Ah! You might be right!
Kasumi: Or rather, I have a lot of things I wanna ask, so it might be that I'm just asking all of those things!
Saya: I guess you could say that Kasumi is like a ball of curiosity sometimes, huh?
Saya: It might be that while she's asking all of her questions, a conversation just naturally forms.
Kasumi: That's Saya for you! You know me so well~!
Rimi: Oh, okay. Questions, huh~?
Kasumi: Ah! Alrighty then, Rimi-rin! Give it a try!
Kasumi: I'll play the person you're meeting for the first time! Try talking to me!
Rimi: W-well... Okay. I just have to ask questions, right?
Kasumi: Right, exactly! 'kay, give it a shot!
Rimi: ... Uhm, a-alright! H-here goes...
Rimi: ... E-excuse me! Wh-where are you from?
Kasumi: You're talking to me?! Where do you think I'm from?
Rimi: ... Huh? Uhm... Well...
Kasumi: No hints either...
Saya: H-hold up, Kasumi! Timeout!
Kasumi: Huh? Wh-what? What happened?
Saya: This is practice for Rimi-rin. If you answer her question with a question, then there's no point...
Kasumi: Ah! You're right! S-sorry, Rimi-rin! One more time! Let's try again, from the top!
Rimi: O-okay... I-I'm sorry...
Kasumi: Now, let's gather ourselves... And~, start!
Rimi: H-hello... H-hey, what's your favorite instrument?
Kasumi: Uhh, it would have to be guitar!
Rimi: Ah, so that would mean...
Kasumi: Don't you think guitars are so awesome?! Think about it! With just six strings, you can make so many sounds! More important than anything though, doesn't it look so cool to hold it?
Kasumi: You think it looks cool too, right?
Rimi: Ah, y-yeah...
Kasumi: I knew it! Ah, could it be that you play guitar as well?
Kasumi: If you do, we should play together sometime, okay? It would be so much fun! Sound good?! C'mon, let's do it~!
Saya: ... Ah, ahahaha... Probably should've seen this coming...
Rimi: I-I think it might take a while before I can be like Kasumi-chan...
Saya: Still... You have strengths that are unique to you, so no need to worry about it.
Rimi: Th-thank you, Saya-chan... I'll have to keep on practicing...


<To Open Up My World>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Rimi: G-good afternoon, {{userName}}-san. Are you on a break...?
Rimi: ... D-do you have a moment to spare?
Rimi: ... N-no. I wouldn't call it important business... I just wanted to talk to someone about the event from the other day...
Rimi: Huh? Are you sure? Thank you...!
Rimi: ... Y-yes. It was a great experience for me... I really appreciate CiRCLE for making it possible.
Rimi: I was able to listen to lots of different songs while we were there, and I feel like that expanded the limits of my music as well.
Rimi: ... Hm? What I mean by the limits of my music is... Hmm~...
Rimi: I-I feel like up until that point, I let myself be convinced that we should only make Poppin'Party-like music...
Rimi: It might be because... I created an idea in my mind of what was fitting for Poppin'Party and used that idea to decide what I was supposed to do...
Rimi: That's why when Marina-san told us to forget about what other people think and plow straight ahead...
Rimi: My point of view became wider... Or rather, I felt like things became a lot clearer...
Rimi: So I thought it might be a good idea to make a song that doesn't fit our image every now and then...
Rimi: Th-thank you!
Rimi: Getting those kinds of compliments from you warms my heart...
Rimi: ... B-but... for us to make music that doesn't fit our image, I think I have to understand a lot more about the world...
Rimi: I want to be more like Kasumi-chan. I want to talk to more types of people and become friends with them. I have to find things that will push me forward, don't you agree?
Rimi: ... Yeah. Kasumi-chan really is amazing!
Rimi: No matter which booth she went to, she immediately got along with whoever was there!
Rimi: Ah! She even had a conversation with someone from overseas using just hand gestures and body language!
Rimi: ... No. I don't think other languages are her strong suit... She even had to take a review session the other day...
Rimi: I do well enough on my tests, but... there's no way I would be able to talk to someone from overseas.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan is such an inspiration...
Rimi: ... What? Well, I was able to talk so much just now probably because you're the one I'm talking to.
Rimi: I guess you could say that you're very easy to talk to. At least in my opinion.
Rimi: ... Uh, uhm... I want to be able to talk to anyone, no matter who it is, just like Kasumi-chan, so...
Rimi: I'd like for you to be my conversation partner every now and then...
Rimi: P-please. If you don't mind...
Rimi: ...
Rimi: Wah! Thank you so much! Alright, I'll see you again soon...!
