494_Rimi Ushigome_R3 Day Off with Chocolate

Gacha phrase: We came all the way here, you should eat what you're hungry for.

<Rimi's Top Movie Picks>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: ... Are we all sure about doing this...?
Kasumi: We can't just turn back now. Not after coming this far!
Arisa: If you're gonna run, now's the time.
Kasumi: Nothing can scare me off now!
Tae: You sure about that, Kasumi? Your whole body is trembling.
Kasumi: O-O-Tae! Warn me before you go poking me~!
Kasumi: W-without further ado... Rimi-rin's Horror-Movie-Appreciation Fest is now underway!
Rimi: Y-you know, there are a lot of people out there that don't like horror films... There's no reason to force yourself, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: W-we'll be just fine! It's a Rimi-rin recommendation. It's important that we share in things that you like, too!
Arisa: But watching a scary movie, of all things? Do we really need to have this experience together?
Tae: I, for one, have been looking forward to this. Never had the chance to see a horror flick until now... Do they break out into dance?
Arisa: Wrong genre!
Kasumi: Horror movies and I... We should get along great... I'm good with this kind of thing...
Saya: Kasumi... The truth is written all over your face...
Rimi: Uhm, okay. Which one should we watch? I happened to bring quite a few DVDs with me...
Rimi: I'll put them all out here for you to see. The first is one is this...
Saya: Eh! Even the package gives me chills... ... Rimi-rin, what's this one about?
Rimi: Uhm... This is a zombie film. One by one, residents of a certain town slowly succumb to a zombie plague.
Arisa: What's scariest is you saying all that with a straight face.
Kasumi: U-ugh... Z-zombies... Their faces are a bit too terrifying, no...? Wh-what else ya got in there...?
Saya: If possible, a movie for beginners like us would be nice.
Rimi: Hm, okay... Maybe this one?
Rimi: A fairly typical horror movie about a ghost who haunts a cursed mirror. It comes out, and the residents of the mansion are-
Saya: Time out, Rimi-rin! You sure this isn't for horror enthusiasts?! That description is already too much...!
Rimi: Plots like this one are classic horror-movie fare. Spirits often come out of various places, such as the mirror in the bathroom-
Arisa: P-please, no... Well, guess who won't be able to wash their hair tonight...
Kasumi: I-I'll be doing it with my eyes open...!
Saya: Sensing a presence behind you when taking a shower happens occasionally... You can't help but look behind you to check.
Tae: Any time you have that sensation, they say it means something really was lurking behind you.
Kasumi: N-no...! O-Tae, stop right now!
Arisa: That was the last thing I needed to hear...
Kasumi: N-next choice, please! What else is there?
Rimi: Well, there is this one... but I would rate it as the scariest film I've seen...
Arisa: Nope nope nope nope!  The "beginner" level ones were already freaking me out, so get that away from me!
Saya: We, unfortunately... seem to be out of options...
Kasumi: ... Ah! Here's a thought! Think of it this way: if we watch the scariest movie first, the others will seem fine, in comparison...
Arisa: Not so fast, Kasumi! Let's not dig our own graves!
Kasumi: Ngh, it's no good, Rimi-rin... They're all too scary to pick from~.
Rimi: I figured this might happen, actually... So I brought this. I can't imagine this one giving you any trouble.
Kasumi: Awww...! The cover art is adorable~!
Rimi: It really is. It's an anime about a ghost child who pops up to play pranks on various people.
Kasumi: Awesome! I feel like I can sit through this one~!
Arisa: Feels more like a fantasy story than a horror one. The animation is done in CG, just the way Kasumi likes it.
Saya: Isn't this a fairly famous title? My little brother and sister love watching it.
Kasumi: T-technically, a monster makes an appearance, so... This can be considered horror... right?
Arisa: Hardly!
Kasumi: ... Forgive me, Rimi-rin! Please start up this one! We'll watch your recommendations next time, I promise!
Rimi: Fufu. Doesn't bother me one bit.
Rimi: Tonight's film will be the tale of a cute ghost prankster. And now for our feature presentation~


<Because It's Scary>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Downtown]

Rimi: That's odd. Where could it have disappeared to...? It's not in my wallet, either...
Marina: Well, if it isn't Rimi-chan. Hello.
Rimi: Ah, good afternoon. Marina-san. {{userName}}-san.
Marina: What's the matter? Did you perhaps lose something...?  If so, maybe we can help you?
Rimi: Well... I was thinking about renting a DVD, but I can't find my member's card...
Marina: I see. I hope you can find it... What were you thinking about getting? A movie?
Rimi: Yes, when I went to the movie theater with the rest of Poppin'Party, I noticed that the sequel to a movie I like is playing.
Rimi: So, before I go see it, I wanted to watch the first one again to refresh my memory.
Marina: Oh, interesting~... Wait. A movie currently showing that's a sequel... You're talking about a horror movie, right?!
Rimi: Yes, that's it! That's the one!
Marina: Rimi-chan, you... like horror movies?! You definitely don't look like the type... {{userName}}-san, were you as surprised as I was?
Rimi: Is it really that shocking? I also spend a lot of time reading horror novels.
Marina: Wow~. I'm not so great with scary things~... It doesn't frighten you, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: Fufu, I'm often asked that when this little fact comes up... But just because I like them, doesn't mean I can't be spooked by them.
Rimi: In fact, horror creeps me out quite a lot. But being scared like that... is part of the fun. I come back for the thrill of being frightened.
Marina: Hmmm... I get it, but I also kinda don't...
Rimi: Uhm, let's see... I guess a good analogy would be intense rock music. Some people dislike it because it's loud and hard on the ears, but others like it for that very reason.
Rimi: People who hate it will dislike it for the same reason that other fans love it. If that makes any sense...
Rimi: The reason why I like horror is the same. It's fun to watch precisely because it is scary.
Marina: Putting it that way makes sense~. I can get behind that reasoning!
Marina: ... Ah, I didn't mean to carry on like this! Here I am, holding you up while you're still looking for your card!
Rimi: I-it's no problem! Really! I enjoyed speaking with you too... Huh?
Rimi: There it is! It was crammed into the small pocket in my bag this entire time...
Marina: Really?! That's a relief~!
Rimi: It is! ... But... that's odd. I'm positive that it wasn't me who put it in there...
Marina: Wha-...? ... N-no creepy talk when I'm around, please~!
Rimi: Just kidding~. Fufu. I put it in that spot so I wouldn't have to rummage around to get it.
Marina: Rimi-chan~! Don't freak me out like that~!
Rimi: Fufu, I'm sorry! Okay, I have to go now. Take care.
