526_Rimi Ushigome_R2 Thinking Too Much?

<Before I Realized>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall]

Rimi: (I was really anxious about coming, but now I'm too early...)
Rimi: (I've never... hung out with Himari-chan alone before... No wonder I'm so nervous~.)
Himari: Ah, Rimi~! Phew~. Sorry, did I make you wait?
Rimi: N-no! I just got here too early.
Himari: Really? Thank goodness~! I decided to take some extra time and go all out with my outfit today, so I thought I was going to be late for a second there~.
Rimi: Don't worry... I was just so happy that you asked to hang out, I ended up leaving home faster than usual...
Himari: Ahaha, sounds like we're both excited about today. Ready? Let's get going♪
Rimi: O-okay...!
(Black cut)
Himari: Check out this cute dress! It's a new arrival too!
Rimi: Wow, it's so adorable. It would really suit you, Himari-chan.
Himari: No way, it'd look way better on you! Here, hold it up for a second!
Rimi: What do you think?
Himari: Yup, I knew it. It's perfect! Pink's a good color for you, Rimi. You're so cute~♪
Rimi: N-naw, that ain't true... Ah!
Himari: Fufu, your accent's really cute too~!
Rimi: Huh? U-uhm... I-I'm sorry... It just slipped out!
Rimi: I'm not used to being complimented like that... I didn't know what to do...
Himari: Ehehe, sorry about that!
Rimi: I-it's okay! Uhm... Thank you.
Himari: No biggie! Come on, we should check out that shop next!
(Black cut)
Himari: Ah~, that was so much fun! We went to a lot of stores, didn't we?!
Rimi: Y-yes, we did.
Rimi: (While I'm really glad we got to go shopping together... I was a nervous wreck the whole time. I hope I didn't sound too awkward...)
Himari: Hey, Rimi. I can't believe I haven't thought of asking this until now, but... How did you end up playing the bass?
Rimi: Why do you ask?
Himari: I'm a bass player too, remember? So I'm a little curious.
Rimi: I-I started because I wanted to be like my sister...
Himari: Your sister, huh...? Ah, that's right, your sister's Yuri-san from Glitter*Green!
Himari: You know, I've got a big sister too! She's really nice, so I guess I'm a little spoiled. She's always telling me I need to grow up.
Rimi: Ah, I'm the same way! My sister's always babying me...
Himari: Really?! That's good to hear. I'm glad I have someone who understands~.
Rimi: O-of course! We're both little sisters, after all.
Himari: That's true! Hey, Rimi, why don't we continue this conversation at a café? We can talk all about our lives as the younger sibling!
Rimi: That sounds good. I was just thinking the same thing.
Himari: Yippee!! Alright, let's go! The café up ahead has some really good cakes~!
Rimi: Do they? I wonder if they'll have any chocolate ones.
Himari: Fufufu~! They sure do~, and they're absolutely scrumptious~! I just know you're gonna love it!
Rimi: Really? I can't wait~!
Rimi: (That's strange... Even though I was so nervous up until a moment ago, I'm having no problems talking with her now.)
Rimi: (Maybe... Himari-chan and I... got a little closer.)
Himari: We're going to have so much fun chatting over cakes, Rimi!
Rimi: Yes, I'm sure we will, Himari-chan.


<Fellow Sweets Lover>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Station Entrance]

Rimi: Hmm~, what else should I get~...? Ah, {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Rimi: E-ehehe... This is a little embarrassing. You caught me in the middle of buying all these sweets...
Rimi: Each and every one was recommended to me by Himari-chan.
Rimi: Out of all of them, she especially wanted me to try this one! A cheesecake parfait!
Rimi: I'd heard of this brand before, but no matter where I went, it was always sold out... Himari-chan told me I could get it here, so I came to buy one.
Rimi: You didn't think Himari-chan and I would be this close...? Fufu, we only became friends recently♪
Rimi: Ah, around the same time, I also got to know Ran-chan a little more.
Rimi: Ran-chan, Himari-chan, Lisa-san, Arisa-chan and I all went out shopping the other day. We even stopped by a candy shop.
Rimi: I didn't know what to talk about at first... However, once I started opening up, we grew closer, which I'm really happy about.
Rimi: Himari-chan likes chocolate and desserts just as much as I do, so we message each other about those a lot.
Rimi: She's such a positive person, and she's always up for anything fun. It's wonderful.
Rimi: Now that we're friends, I hope we continue to get closer and closer...
Rimi: We even promised we'd hang out again sometime. I'm so excited to see what the future holds!
Rimi: Ah, speaking of Himari-chan, it looks like I've got a message from her... "What did you think of that cheesecake parfait?"
Rimi: I completely forgot! If I don't eat this soon, it's going to melt!
Rimi: I need to tell Himari-chan what I think of it too, so I better get going! I'm sorry if I seem a little all over the place.
Rimi: Ah, I'll have to let you know what I think of this parfait too. If you want, that is!
Rimi: Uhm, see you soon! Have a nice day!
