552_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Song-Writing Time

Gacha phrase: Please let us make the song for the downtown area!

<Each and Every Influence>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Alright, I think this is a good place to take a break.
Arisa: Phew, look at the time. I was so focused that I didn't even notice.
Kasumi: This song really is super fun! And I feel like we're so much more in sync than when we first started playing!
Saya: I think we're finally seeing the results of the practice we put in. In any case, everyone seems to be having a good time. We probably would've kept going if I hadn't stopped us, huh?
Rimi: Yeah, I can definitely see that. Time flies when you're having fun.
Tae: I like this song a lot. My body kind of starts moving on its own. It also makes jogging enjoyable.
Kasumi: Yeah, I know what you mean! When I'm singing it, that feeling of excitement wells up inside me and, like... keeps getting bigger and bigger... and... Anyway, I love this song~!
Saya: Recently, I've been catching glimpses of people downtown humming it to themselves. Everyone seems to be getting into it.
Rimi: Wow, that's great. I'm happy to hear that.
Kasumi: And that's the telltale sign of a hit song. No doubt that ours is going to be huge!
Rimi: K-Kasumi-chan... I'm happy that you feel that way, but the more you talk about how good it is, the more embarrassed I feel...
Kasumi: All I can think is, "Impressive as always, Rimi-rin!"
Rimi: Hehehe... Thanks. It wasn't my ability alone that helped produce this piece, though. I couldn't have done it without all of you.
Rimi: And I'm positive that... my talk with Saya-chan was also a huge part of it.
Saya: Fufufu. Anyway, the medal for hardest worker goes to you, Rimi-rin.
Arisa: Yep. No objections here.
Rimi: You guys...
Saya: Ah, by the way, I thought these would be nice to snack on together. Hang on... Ta-da~!
Kasumi: Yay~! Bread from Yamabuki Bakery! Thanks, Saya! Ooo~, smells delicious♪
Rimi: You've made my day~! Thank you, Saya-chan~!
Kasumi: Rimi-rin always looks like she's on cloud nine when eating their chocolate cornets. Recently, I've even been buying some for myself.
Arisa: No, I get you. Whenever I see them, the first thing that pops in my head is Rimi cheerfully munching away on one. Next thing I know, I've got a craving for one.
Tae: Mhm, and if I see one on TV, my first thought is, "Hey, what's Rimi doing there?"
Arisa: How about you stop confusing her for an actual pastry?!
Saya: Fufufu. Recently, no matter how many we bake, they fly off the shelves. Maybe this is also Rimi-rin's doing.
Rimi: Nuh-uh, it's not my fault they're so tasty. I could eat them every single day...
Tae: I know why. She's probably filled with chocolate cream herself.
Arisa: Alright, that's enough out of you!
Saya: Hahaha. Your continued patronage is very much appreciated.
Rimi: As is your service.
Arisa: Oh, before I forget, I want to give back the DVD I borrowed a while back. Thanks.
Kasumi: Hey, hey! What kind of DVD have you got there, huh?! Drama? Anime? A movie? Tell me~!
Arisa: Something Rimi recommended to me. Horror is out of the question, but I asked if she had anything else worth watching.
Rimi: How was it? I thought you might enjoy something like this, but I wasn't sure...
Arisa: It was pretty interesting. The climax blew me away, actually... And the way it ended left me wanting more. There's a sequel for it, right?
Rimi: There is! I recommend it. I'll bring it with me next time.
Kasumi: Awww, that sounds great~! Did ya cry, Arisa? Huh? Did ya?
Arisa: Huh?! L-like I'd ever!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, would you like to give it a try?
Kasumi: You don't mind?! Thank you, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Hehe. Here, I'll hand it off to you. It's the kind of story that you'd definitely enjoy.
Tae: ... Ah.
Saya: Hm? What's up, O-Tae?
Tae: It's true. Rimi has been influencing us all.
Saya: Oh, that... Hahaha, you're probably onto something there. She's got a chocolate-cornet influence on us too.
Arisa: Not to mention movie selection. I definitely wouldn't have watched that movie if she hadn't recommended it.
Kasumi: Uh-huh! And Poppin'Party's main songwriter has always been Rimi-rin, so it's no surprise that she's had such an influence on our lives!
Rimi: Hehehe... The idea of me having some sort of impact on those who are also influencing me is... a somewhat strange feeling...
Rimi: But it's also probably why I'm able to make songs that have that Poppin'Party feeling. That's thanks to all of you.
Tae: In other words, Poppin'Party's great music is thanks to our combined efforts.
Arisa: Whoa, how about a bit more modesty there?
Rimi: No, I think O-Tae-chan is correct. The downtown song wouldn't be what it is without your help... It was a Poppin'Party accomplishment.
Saya: Fufu. Here's hoping that our sentiment spreads to listeners far and wide.
Rimi: That'd be nice. The man from the community center did say people visiting downtown wouldn't surge overnight, though...
Rimi: But just think of how unbelievably wonderful it'd be if the happiness that's gained from listening to our song is spread from person to person.
Kasumi: You read my mind! Spreading happiness and our sparkling, heart-pounding vibes is what it's all about! Well said, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Hehe... Let's keep at it, everyone.
Saya: Fufu. With that, it's time to get back to practicing.
Rimi: Yeah!


<Two Methods>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Is that you, Rimi-chan? Hey there!
Rimi: Good afternoon, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. On your way back from shopping?
Marina: That's right. We stepped out for a second to pick up a few things. What are you up to?
Rimi: I thought up a nice melody and figured I should jot it down before I wind up forgetting it...
Marina: That's a good idea. Speaking of which, Poppin'Party's latest song was being played downtown. You made that one, too, didn't you?
Rimi: Hehehe... Yes, I did.
Marina: It was spectacular~! Hearing it really brightens the mood. Being able to compose such a piece is impressive, Rimi-chan. Don't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: Thank you very much. Honestly, creating that song was a long and difficult process... So hearing that from you means an awful lot.
Marina: Oh no. Did something happen?
Rimi: What happened was... I had a severe mental block when trying to think of an image for the song... so I listened to some of Sis' music to help take my mind off of it...
Marina: Glitter*Green's music.
Rimi: Yes. Her songs were perfect for what I was going for... but I got so wrapped up in trying to make sure my song didn't sound the same that I... lost my way.
Rimi: I pressed on to complete the piece, and while it wasn't bad, it wasn't good, either... It became a song that was nothing like what I usually write...
Marina: That sounds rough. I suppose various things, like music that we find interesting, do tend to have an influence on us.
Marina: Looking at my favorite guitarists, like the way they played, the way they performed, definitely had an influence on me.
Rimi: You've had situations similar to mine?
Marina: Fufu, when I was in a band, yes. How were you able to overcome your problem, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: Saya-chan told me that being impacted by others isn't a bad thing. And those various influences come together to help make up who we are.
Marina: A mix of influences... I think she's probably onto something with that.
Rimi: After being told that, a huge weight was lifted from my shoulders. I was able to accept who I am, accept that I've been influenced by many, and make a song only I can make.
Marina: So that's the story of how such a splendid song came to be.
Rimi: I-it wouldn't be right to take all the credit though...
Marina: In times of stress, when you feel like you're being too heavily influenced by those around you, I believe there are two ways to go about it.
Rimi: Two... ways?
Marina: Yes. The first would be to do what you had initially done, which is to fully distance and isolate yourself from the source.
Marina: The second would be the path you eventually chose, which is to accept those changes while also searching for a sense of self. Neither is inherently better or worse...
Marina: I'm sure that taking in those positive influences and pressing onward like you did was beneficial to both you and Poppin'Party.
Rimi: I agree. And I was able to move forward in a positive direction because they were there for me... Without their help, I wouldn't have been able to compose that song.
Marina: Fufu. I have faith that you and the others will continue creating wonderful music together.
Rimi: Thank you very much. We'll continue striving towards that very goal!
