615_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Separated But Together

Gacha phrase: Come home soon... Sis.

<The Bed's Placement>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Ushigome Residence - Rimi's Room]

Rimi: Thanks for yesterday, Sis. you know, for letting us watch your show backstage, and on such short notice, too...
Yuri: You're welcome. Having you all there got me more pumped up than usual.
Rimi: On the way home, Kasumi-chan and Arisa-chan went on and on about how great of a performance it was.
Rimi: For us, Glitter*Green's existence is what helped make our band possible in the first place...
Rimi: Thinking back on those moments we saw you all perform really drove home how much harder we need to work.
Yuri: Fufu, I'm happy to hear that you had such a good time.
Yuri: While I don't really see myself as a mentor or anything, the idea of our music being an inspiration to you guys is all I could ever ask for.
Yuri: And now that you've got some dependable friends, your second year in high school looks to be on the right track.
Rimi: Ah... Yeah...
Yuri: Hm? What's wrong?
Rimi: No, it's nothing... Well, uhm... I was just thinking about how we won't see much of each other once that second year starts...
Yuri: I thought we already discussed this.
Rimi: Yeah, we have... but the reality of that future getting closer and closer has really started sinking in... I mean, we've never been apart before now...
Yuri: And you're feeling sad about that?
Rimi: Yeah... But I know this is what you've got your heart set on...
Rimi: Until now, there's been something... I haven't been able to properly express... because of that creeping loneliness, but...
Rimi: Hearing Kasumi-chan speak yesterday made me realize that I need to go through with this... so here goes nothing.
Rimi: Sis, I know you've got a rough road ahead, but don't give up! Because I'm always here to cheer you on!
Rimi: Get out there and explore the world. Discover new things. Make more and more beautiful music for me to hear!
Yuri: Thanks, Rimi.
Yuri: But that also applies to you, both in your school life and  your band. So many new experiences are waiting for you in the future.
Yuri: The fun times are over before you know it, so don't let them slip by while you're worrying about what you should do.
Rimi: I know. I think I'll manage. Like I said yesterday, I've got precious friends by my side now.
Rimi: No matter what the future throws at me, it won't be enough to keep me down... because I'm not going at it alone.
Yuri: That's right, you're not alone. I feel safe leaving you in the hands of those reliable friends while I focus on what I want to do.
Yuri: I'm already excited to see how much you all will have grown by the time I come back.
Rimi: Okay... I'll try my best to become a person worthy of your praise, Sis.
Yuri: I'll be leaving behind a ton of equipment and sheet music, so feel free to use them.
Yuri: Let's see... Maybe I should move my bed off to the side somewhere. It'll probably get in the way if it's in the middle of the room when your friends come over.
Rimi: Well...
Yuri: Is something wrong?
Rimi: Leave the bed where it is... I don't see it as being in the way, so I'd like to keep it where it has always been...
Yuri: But...
Rimi: If the room changes too much, then it'll only remind me of how you're not here anymore...
Rimi: ... Sorry, I totally get that saying things like that will only give you more to worry about...
Rimi: But... I don't want things to change... Even if we're apart, I want it to feel like you'll still be coming home...
Rimi: So I'd like for the room to stay as it is... if you don't mind...
Yuri: Not one bit. After all, I won't have a place to sleep when I get back if there isn't a bed waiting for me.
Yuri: Alright, I'll leave it as is, then. In return, try to keep it tidy, okay?
Rimi: Of course! I'll keep it clean enough that you could home whenever you wanted.
Yuri: I'm really grateful to Kasumi-chan and the others for motivating you to express your feelings before I left.
Rimi: Ah, that reminds me! Kasumi-chan mentioned wanting to hold a farewell party for you.
Yuri: A farewell party? You mean one that's separate from the graduation ceremony? Wouldn't that be a little much?
Rimi: Not at all! After all, Glitter*Green is a special band to us.
Rimi: Watching your band that day is the reason why Poppin'Party is how it is now.
Rimi: You and the rest of Glitter*Green have given us so, so much, Sis... and we thought we could return the favor, if only a little...
Rimi: As for myself... all I want is to be able to do something for you...
Yuri: I see... Alright. Maybe a little pampering wouldn't hurt.
Rimi: Okay! Leave it to us! We'll ask the other bands to come join us and make it a really exciting get-together!
Yuri: With all the bands together, I bet someone will go, "Hey, we should put on a show!"
Rimi: That could be a good idea. Having you take in both our feelings and our music together seems wonderful.
Yuri: Hahaha, you've become a true musician, through and through.
Yuri: I can tell I have nothing to worry about seeing you smile like that. I can leave with peace of mind.
Rimi: Had I done it alone, I don't think I could've seen you off with a smile on my face.
Rimi: But not only do I have so many wonderful friends, I've also been left with the many things you've taught me.
Rimi: So I'm never going to give up! And neither should you, Sis! We'll have so much to talk about once you're back home.
Yuri: Yep, look forward to it.
Rimi: Hehehe... Of course. I'll be waiting for your return, Sis.


<Embroidering My Feelings>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Edogawa Music]

Rimi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Good afternoon.
Marina: Ah, Rimi-chan. Hello there. Doing some shopping on your own?
Rimi: Yes, something like that.
Marina: Are you maybe looking to buy a new instrument?
Rimi: N-nothing like that, no...
Rimi: I received my bass from my sister... so I don't think I could use anything else.
Marina: Ah, I remember now. Looking after the bass your sister left for you really is a lovely thought.
Rimi: Th-thank you very much...
Marina: So what, you came to buy some new strings for it, then?
Rimi: Not quite... I'm actually... here to find a present for Sis.
Rimi: She's going to be leaving soon, so I'd like to get her something for when I see her off.
Marina: Wow, so the time has already come. We were both pretty shocked when she told us what was happening. Isn't that right, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: I felt the same when I first heard, too...
Marina: So, have you decided what present to get?
Rimi: Yes, I thought this might make for a good gift...
Marina: Is that... a guitar strap?
Rimi: It is! This way, whenever she has her guitar, I can always be right there by her side.
Rimi: And since it's such a special occasion, I'm considering adding an embroidery right here.
Marina: I see! That should turn out great! Doing that will make it feel extra special.
Marina: Any ideas on what kind of embroidery to add?
Rimi: As for that... I haven't decided yet... I'm still trying to think of what would work.
Marina: It can be hard to come up with just the right thing to capture those feelings.
Rimi: It's nothing to be concerned about, though. If I go through all the memories I have with Sis, I'm sure something is bound to pop into my head.
Rimi: The other day, Kasumi-chan had to give her First-Year Representative's Speech in front of everyone... and at first, even she seemed to struggle with writing it.
Rimi: But as she went around talking to people and reminiscing about the past, the words she needed came to her naturally... That's what she said.
Rimi: So, like Kasumi-chan managed to do, I feel that I'll eventually find the message I want to send to my sister buried somewhere in the many memories we share.
Marina: Yeah, someone like you is bound to figure it out! Yuri-chan is sure to love whatever you give her!
Rimi: Hehehe... I'm glad you think so! Thanks to your pep talk, I'm feeling a bit more confident.
Rimi: I'll let you know what embroidery I went with the next time I see you at the studio!
