713_Rimi Ushigome_R4 To Protect Someone

Gacha phrase: It might be a toy, but it should still scare them off...!

<Bonding Over Horror>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Classroom 2-B]

Misaki: Let's see. Where's Rimi...? Ah, there she is. Hey, Rimi.
Rimi: Misaki-chan, what brings you here?
Misaki: I finished reading the horror manga you lent me. I'm here to return them.
Rimi: You gave them a read! What did you think?
Misaki: The story was quite intriguing. Sure, the story was scary, but there were also elements that made it into a relatable, human story.
Misaki: The plot twist toward the end was quite shocking, too. It almost made me cry.
Rimi: Right? It's a horror story, but if you consider what the main character goes through, it tugs at your heartstrings... Actually, because it's horror, it makes you want to cry even more...!
Misaki: You're right. It's the kind of development you only find in horror stories. But, at the same time, it's very emotional.
Rimi: If you liked this story, this author also has a bunch of other works. They're all really good~...
Saya: Rimi-rin, let's head to lun- Oh, sorry. Were you talking to Misaki?
Misaki: It's fine, we're done now. Anyway, I'll be on my way-
Rimi: Oh, hey! Misaki-chan, why don't you come to lunch with us?
Misaki: That's fine with me, but... doesn't everyone in Poppin'Party usually eat together? Are you sure it's okay?
Rimi: It's fine, really! You're our friend. Besides, there's still so much I want to talk to you about horror! That sounds good, right, Saya-chan?
Saya: Of course! Just bring your bento over. We'll be waiting in the courtyard.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kokoro: Does everyone have their lunches ready? Time to open our lunches and dig in~!
Misaki: ... Why is Kokoro the one starting the lunch off?
Saya: Kokoro's in our class and since you were coming, I invited her as well. Did I screw up?
Misaki: No, it's totally fine...
Kasumi: Wow! Kokoron, your lunch looks delicious! Say, wanna trade my egg for your meat dish...?
Tae: Did someone say meat...? I'll trade my Hamburg stea- No, my cherry tomato...
Arisa: Hey now, those are not fair trades... Looks like everyone's more lively than usual today.
Misaki: Sorry, Kokoro's being a little loud, isn't she...? Is she bothering you?
Arisa: No, I didn't mean it like that. I was just pointing out that it was different than usual. It's not like we don't know each other anyway.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! It's way more fun with more people! You're welcome anytime!
Saya: Exactly! You don't have to worry so much. Just relax.
Misaki: Okay, I'll try.
(Black cut)

[Thirty Minutes Later]

Kasumi: This is where we need to insert a signature pose! Like this, ta-dah! Strum that guitar!
Kokoro: If you want to be even more eye-catching, how about taking it to the skies? Surely you'll give the audience a delightful surprise if you fly above them during the performance!
Kasumi: That's a great idea! It'll be like, swoosh~! Shooting stars dashing all over the place! It'd be absolutely sparkling!
Arisa: There they go again with their ridiculous ideas...
Rimi: Say, Misaki-chan, how'd you do on that test the other day?
Misaki: As usual, I didn't do good or bad. I try to keep my grades at a level where the teachers and my parents don't get mad at me.
Rimi: I see... To be honest with you, I'm doing horribly at math right now... If you don't mind, could we study together?
Misaki: Fine with me... Although, my grades aren't that good either, so I might not be much help. That being said, I used to use the abacus, so I can at least do calculations.
Rimi: Wow, I didn't know you could use an abacus! That's pretty cool to do calculations by flicking beads around.
Misaki: It's really nothing special. I mean, an abacus is just a simple tool, no?
Rimi: That's not true. I mean, I don't even know how to use one.
Misaki: Ah, I guess you wouldn't know how if no one's ever explained it to you. The numbers aren't written out anywhere, after all. If you're interested, want to take a look at how it works?
Rimi: Huh? You have one?! I do, I do!
Arisa: ... Say, I don't recall you two being this close before.
Rimi: Well, we've been friends for a while... But I guess we grew closer all because of horror.
Misaki: We even experienced quite the memorable event together...
Arisa: Are you talking about how you two were pranked the other day?
Rimi: Yeah, that! We were just trying to make sure we both survived...!
Misaki: Thinking back on it now, there were so many instances where I could've cracked a joke... I just couldn't think straight back there.
Arisa: Just hearing you two talk about it makes it sound like you two were the main characters in a movie.
Arisa: You two grew closer because of horror, huh? It just goes to show you really don't know what can bring people together.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, would you like to join us? I mean, even a shy person like me was able to become closer friends with Misaki-chan thanks to horror.
Rimi: Once you find a series you like, you can have passionate conversations with your fellow fans. It's a great chance to expand your horizons!
Arisa: You know, Rimi... You get very aggressive when it comes to things you like... Besides, horror is not my cup of tea.
Rimi: You just have to find a series you like! Speaking of which, there's this popular paranormal horror story that's being made into a movie soon! I have the original work. I'll lend it to you next time!
Arisa: N-no thanks... I told you already, horror's not-
Misaki: Rimi, if you press people too hard, they'll say you're scarier than the book.
Rimi: Oh... I'm sorry...
Misaki: You seriously love horror, don't you? You can tell by how much you talk about it. You're on a whole other level.
Rimi: Ehehe... Oh, did you hear about this new movie, Misaki-chan? Want to go watch it together?
Misaki: Huh? U-uhh... Sure. There won't be any prank stunts this time, right?


<Sharing My Interests>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Downtown]

Rimi: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello. Do you have the day off today?
Rimi: I had some free time, so I was just buying this horror book I've been interested in.
Rimi: I went to see a zombie movie with everyone the other day and now I'm hooked on horror!
Rimi: I went with Misaki-chan, Kasumi-chan and Kokoro-chan, too!
Rimi: I'm used to watching those kinds of movies by myself, but I discovered a whole new type of fun by going with everyone this time.
Rimi: It was great to talk about the story afterwards, since we found different parts intriguing, scary, or even touching.
Rimi: We even got mixed up in a horror event when we went to the movie theater... It turned out to be a really memorable experience.
Rimi: What kind of event? Uhm, it was a promotion campaign where the staff pranked people who had just finished watching the movie...
Rimi: Misaki-chan and I were chosen to be the targets!
Rimi: A ton of zombies chased us around a completely empty shopping mall...
Rimi: I know it's a situation you often see in games and movies, but when you're the one experiencing it... It's much scarier than I imagined...
Rimi: I'm sure if I was alone, I wouldn't have been able to run away or  do anything else. I would've gotten caught by the zombies right away...
Rimi: But because I was with Misaki-chan, we were able to motivate each other...
Rimi: And since we went through that together, I feel like we're closer than before.
Rimi: Our bond grew stronger because we had to overcome something together... Isn't that just like a movie?
Rimi: By the way, the people involved in setting up the event were Aya-senpai and Chisato-senpai from Pastel＊Palettes.
Rimi: I can't tell you how much I panicked when I saw Aya-senpai among that zombie horde...
Rimi: Discovering that someone you know became a zombie is often a plot device in movies, but when it happened to me, it hit me much harder than I expected...
Rimi: When we were being chased around, all I could think about was, "How could this happen....?" However, looking back on it, I'm glad I got to have such a movie-like experience.
Rimi: Ah, that's right! {{userName}}-san, do you like horror?
Rimi: Here, I'll lend this to you. It's a manga I lent Misaki-chan a while ago. I highly recommend it.
Rimi: There's no rush in giving it back to me. Please feel free to read it whenever you have time.
Rimi: The genre may be horror, but it's not just scary. The story is actually very moving. That's why the series is so popular.
Rimi: I'd love to hear what you think about it and discuss the story with you.
Rimi: It's so wonderful to be able to share your hobbies with others.
Rimi: {{userName}}-san, if you have any recommendations, please share them with me, too.
Rimi: Anyway, I'll be on my way. See you at the studio. I'm looking forward to seeing what you recommend.
