772_Rimi Ushigome_R3 Not Scary at All

<Comprehensive Monster Course>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Aya Maruyama)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Mmm~, that was yummy! Thanks, Saya!
Saya: It's really nothing. I'm glad I brought so many
Arisa: There sure were a lot of different kinds.
Saya: Dad got carried away this year. He ordered so many pumpkins.
Rimi: I think I liked the steamed pumpkin bread the best~.
Tae: I liked the pumpkin red-bean bun!
Saya: Fufu, I'll let him know.
Arisa: By the way, Rimi. Did you bring that picture book again?
Tae: The one we used to decide on our Halloween costumes?
Rimi: Yes, I did! The other day, we mostly just looked at the pictures, so I wanted to tell you about the history behind them too.
Saya: Ahaha... The history, you say...?
Kasumi: The pictures are kind of scary... but I'm sure the details aren't that bad... Yeah, why not...?
Tae: I am a little interested.
Rimi: Really?! Then let's start here, with Frankenstein!
Rimi: So Frankenstein is not actually the name of the monster, but rather the name of the person who created the monster.
Rimi: And even though the monster's patched up appearance looks quite terrifying, he was actually made with good intentions. Frankenstein made him so...
Arisa: ... We flipped the switch, didn't we?
Saya: Yeah, but she's basically storytelling, so it might be quite interesting.
Rimi: ... And that's the story of Frankenstein's monster.
Kasumi: Wow~, I didn't know that. I kinda feel bad for him... What other stories are there?
Rimi: So Medusa, the one whose hair is made of snakes, has two older sisters. Apparently, she was a regular human before she was turned into a monster.
Tae: That's the monster that turns anyone who looks at her into stone, right?
Rimi: Yeah. But some stories claim that she was very beautiful. So beautiful that people would freeze up when they looked at her.
Kasumi: O-oh~. Well, if she doesn't look so scary, I kind of want to see her picture...
Rimi: You should! Look, there are more illustrations in the back pages...
Saya: I see. So I guess not all monsters are scary then.
Tae: Yeah. A lot of them are cute.
Arisa: Cute...? I hope you're not looking at them in the same way you look at rabbits...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin~, I can't take anymore~.
Rimi: Sorry, Kasumi-chan. Was it too scary?
Kasumi: I wasn't scared... but I feel like they might haunt me in my dreams...
Saya: Rimi-rin, what about zombies?
Kasumi: You wanna hear more?!
Saya: Sorry, this can be the last one! I'm just a bit interested...
Rimi: Zombies?
Saya: Yeah. I just remembered that I saw a lot of people dressed as zombies at the Halloween Parade.
Rimi: Zombies are dead people who are then resurrected in some way as monsters.
Rimi: But there is one other story... Some say that zombies were made by giving a thing called "zombie powder" to living people, which made them appear to be dead.
Kasumi: What...? So they're actually alive...?
Rimi: Yeah. So they would be buried since people thought they were dead, and then they'd come back to life under the ground.
Kasumi, Tae, Saya & Arisa: Gulp...
Rimi: They would then crawl out of their graves and slowly come up behind people and-
Aya: Hey, guys! Can I interrupt?
Kasumi, Tae, Rimi, Saya & Arisa: Ahhh!!
Aya: Ah!! Huh, w-what's wrong?!
Saya: A-Aya-senpai?! S-sorry! We were just talking about zombies...
Aya: Ah, it's okay! Sorry about that. I was wondering if you'd seen Chisato-chan...
Aya: ... I think I scared you more than when I played a zombie during that movie-promotion PR stunt...
Rimi: Um, Aya-senpai! You really got my heart racing! Thank you so much!
Aya: A-Ahaha, you're welcome... I guess...
Tae: Arisa, are you okay? You look kind of stiff.
Arisa: I-I'm... not okay! Rimi! No more scary stories during lunch!
Rimi: What?! B-but it wasn't even a scary story~!


<Masquerade of the Heart>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rimi: Hello, {{userName}}-san. You look like you've been working hard.
Rimi: Yes, I came to check on the schedule for our concert. Do you have time right now?
Rimi: Okay, first is the dress rehearsal. Is it okay if we start at this time?
Rimi: We would like to get in a little earlier to play our parts together...
Rimi: Great! Thank you very much.
Rimi: Also, about our show's schedule, we'd like to talk to the crowd a little in between this song and this song...
Rimi: Yes, I think Kasumi-chan wants to talk about the Halloween Parade.
Rimi: Did you know about the Halloween Parade the other day, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: All of Poppin'Party walked in it together.
Rimi: It was my first time, but I was so surprised there were that many people.
Rimi: And everyone was wearing different costumes. It was so much fun.
Rimi: There were adults, children... Ah, there were even pets dressed up in costumes, fufu.
Rimi: Now, I was a little nervous leading up to the parade.
Rimi: Of course, I was really looking forward to participating together with everyone!
Rimi: But I was worried about whether I'd be able to talk to all these strangers...
Rimi: During previous Halloweens, I was always too nervous to say "trick or treat," so people had to help me.
Rimi: But this year, I said it to so many different people! Even I was surprised!
Rimi: I think part of it was that I had Poppin'Party by my side, but I also think wearing a costume helped me gain confidence.
Rimi: I felt as if I'd transformed into a different version of myself.
Rimi: I wore a nurse costume in the parade, but maybe if I try on different costumes, I'll discover even more versions of myself.
Rimi: Of course, the actual Rimi hasn't changed.
Rimi: But that day, I enjoyed being there with everyone, and I got a little better at doing things I'm not very good at, so for me, it was a very special day.
Rimi: Ah! I just thought of a good idea! Maybe we could all wear costumes for our concert...?
Rimi: What do you think, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: Fufu, please don't worry about it. I was just kidding♪
Rimi: Okay, sorry for interrupting you at work. Let's talk again soon.
