833_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Toy Friends

Gacha phrase: It might have been trying to say thank you to you, Kasumi-chan.

<More Talk, More Sweets>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Mmm! This parfait is so good! Look! There's chocolate ganache inside!
Rimi: Wow, you're right. Maybe I should have ordered that one...
Himari: Yours is gonna be super good, too. I know it! This shop never goes wrong when it comes out with a new sweets menu item!
Rimi: Right~? Have you tried that Mont Blanc pudding they started making this fall?
Himari: I totally did! It was really good~.
Himari: Ah, wait...  Weren't you the one that messaged me about how good this place's Mont Blanc pudding was?
Rimi: Oh, did I...? Sorry, I forgot... Fufufu.
Himari: Oh! Your order's here! C'mon, let's dig in♪
Rimi: Sure, sounds good to me~. Wow, you were right. This cake really is good♪
Himari: We can always count on this place for sweets~.
Rimi: Ah! So like I was telling you earlier...
(Black cut)
Himari: Wow~, I see~. So you're collecting and donating old toys. That's great.
Rimi: At first, we were just planning on getting this old tin wind-up toy we found fixed up.
Rimi: So I was really surprised by how much has happened.
Himari: And now you're even putting a collection box downtown, right? Poppin'Party really has some initiative.
Rimi: I don't know if it's Poppin'Party... It feels more like Kasumi-chan's doing.
Rimi: She's the one that comes up with all sorts of plans, and not only that, she's actually able to execute them. She's amazing.
Rimi: It takes everything I've got just to keep up with her...
Himari: You think so? That's not how I see it.
Rimi: Huh?
Himari: Kasumi's not the only amazing one in Poppin'Party. I think the rest of you are the ones that keep her going.
Himari: That sort of relationship's pretty rare, you know. I'm honestly a little jealous.
Himari: I bet everyone in Poppin'Party would respond if you said, "Hey, hey, hoh~!"
Rimi: Fufufu, that's definitely true.
Himari: The fact that Poppin'Party can do that when the time calls is amazing. That's what I mean by initiative.
Rimi: I don't know if I believe it myself, but... it does make me happy to know people around me see us like that.
Himari: We do! Remember that time with the downtown festival? You guys were running all over the place, weren't you?
Himari: You were really amazing back then! All of us in Afterglow were talking about you.
Himari: Tomoe and Tsugu were so happy that the festival was actually happening.
Rimi: Ah. Now that you mention it, Tomoe-chan did say that when we had that concert together at CiRCLE.
Rimi: It felt good to know that we made her happy.
Himari: There's no way Afterglow would be able to do anything like that.
Rimi: Really? I don't think it was anything special...
Himari: Oh, yeah! Maybe Afterglow should get in on that whole toy collection thing, too!
Himari: If we set up a box at Haneoka, I'm sure we'll be able to collect a bunch!
Himari: Maybe Poppin'Party's rubbing off on me, too.
Rimi: I think that's a great idea! Kasumi-chan would be so happy!
Himari: You think? Then I guess I can't disappoint her♪
Rimi: Yeah. To think our little idea would spread all the way over to Haneoka... This is incredible.
Himari: It might not stop at Haneoka, you know. This might get bigger and bigger from here.
Rimi: Really? That'd be so great if it did...!
Himari: Hey, so how did all this start in the first place? C'mon, tell me!
Rimi: Of course!
Rimi: So you see, we actually-
Himari: Ah, wait! I need to take notes!


<For Special Toys>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Oh, Rimi-chan, are you alone today?
Rimi: Ah, hello. I'm just here to buy a new cleaning cloth for my bass since my old one has gotten a bit dirty.
Marina: I see, I see. Careful maintenance is certainly important.
Rimi: And maintaining my instrument is also a lot of fun. Fufufu.
Rimi: Oh, that's right. Speaking of maintenance, I actually went to a place called a toy hospital the other day.
Marina: A toy hospital? Do they fix up old toys?
Rimi: Yes, exactly! They even had a doctor who will heal your toys for you. Oh, but they weren't wearing a doctor's coat. Fufufu.
Rimi: I saw that there were a lot of toys in the hospital, and it was kind of touching to see many people caring about their toys.
Rimi: I think Kasumi-chan was thinking the same thing. She said that when she got home, she also dug up her old toys to fix them.
Marina: Does that mean you did the same thing?
Rimi: Yes. I had a lot of old toys my sister and I used to play with, so I tried fixing up a few of them.
Rimi: But there were some that I couldn't fix on my own, so I was thinking about bringing them to that hospital...
Marina: I'm sure the toys must have been really happy to see you care for them that much.
Rimi: It'd be nice if that were true...
Marina: But why did you go to a toy hospital in the first place?
Rimi: We took an old tin toy we found at Arisa-chan's place there to get fixed.
Rimi: We ended up donating it to a toy museum, but before we left, I thought I saw it move on its own for a second...
Marina: Huh? The toy moved...?
Rimi: None of us wound it up, either.
Marina: Huh~... Now that's a very strange story, to say the least.
Rimi: I was thinking that might have been the toy's way of saying thanks to Kasumi-chan for going so far out of her way to help it.
Marina: Fufufu, it's a strange story, but it's also weirdly believable. You always hear about objects gaining souls after being treated well.
Marina: Ah, in that case, someday your instruments might start thanking you too.
Rimi: What makes you think that...?
Marina: I mean, you all take really good care of them, don't you?
Rimi: Fufu, it'd be great if that actually happened! That'd mean that all the love and care I have for my bass actually got through to it!
Rimi: Thinking about it makes me want to start playing. I'm actually going to go to practice with everyone after this.
Marina: Yeah, I bet your instrument is happiest when it's getting played, after all. Make sure not to skimp on the maintenance, alright?
Rimi: Of course! I'll make sure to give it lots of proper care and playtime today!
