978_Rimi Ushigome_R3 Crown of Victory

<So Many Lost Items>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki)

[Joint Sports Festival Committee Room]

Saya: Wow, so all the things in these cardboard boxes are lost items? Look at all this stuff~.
Rimi: We need to put them all on this list, right? That sounds like it'll be a lot of work...
Saya: Well, I guess we'd better get started.
Saya: Let's see... We've got a handkerchief here. Then we have a keychain and a water bottle...
Rimi: Handkerchief, keychain, water bottle...
Saya: Do you think we should add some details for each item so the other committee members can sort through them more easily?
Rimi: Ah, good thinking! We'll list them as a pink handkerchief and a keychain with an embroidered character... Okay, that should work.
Saya: Next is... Hm? Is this... a frog mask?
Rimi: Huh? A mask?
Saya: Yeah... Look.
Rimi: H-how about that. I wonder if someone brought it here.
Saya: Who knows... Are any of the events using masks?
Rimi: I... don't think so. Kasumi-chan would probably like it, though.
Saya: Hahaha, I can see that~. Okay, moving on...
Rimi: Wow, a hair accessory made out of flowers~.
Saya: Look at all of those flowers. This looks more like a flower crown than a hair accessory.
Rimi: It's so cute. Someone is bound to be looking for it.
Saya: I hope the owner turns up soon.
Rimi: Um, next is... Hm? Saya-chan, that thing you have there...
Saya: These are goggles... right? I guess someone dropped these too...
Rimi: They look like something out of a science-fiction movie.
Saya: Hey, you're right. These lenses would display all kinds of information~.
Rimi: You read my mind~! The screen would be filled with a bunch of data and formulas, right?
Saya: Exactly! ... What else is here...?
Rimi: A remote...
Saya: ... for a TV?
Rimi: Why is this here...?
Saya: I'm guessing someone was half-asleep and brought it with them, fufu.
Rimi: ... Ah, here's a thought.
Rimi: Once we go through everything, do you think we can get them to announce that all the lost items are stored here?
Saya: Great idea, Rimi-rin! I imagine there aren't many people who would know they're stashed in the committee room. I like that!
Rimi: Really? Thank goodness~.
Saya: Lots of people are bound to show up. Alright, let's keep chipping away at this box of stuff.
Rimi: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Saya: Phew, is that everything?
Rimi: I figured it would be rough at first, but it went by faster than I thought.
Saya: You were really focused too, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Hehehe... I just want all these items to find their way back home.
Saya: Fufu, should we go ask about that announcement now?
Rimi: Yeah, let's go!


<Encouraging Magic Words>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Wow, there are so many people~. I bet the trains are packed.
Marina: Well, we only have to ride for one stop, so let's grit our teeth and finish up the owner's errands.
Rimi: Marina-san~.
Marina: Ah, Rimi-chan! Are you out and about today?
Rimi: Yes, I thought I would do some shopping. How about you two?
Marina: We need to head to the next station to handle something for the owner.
Marina: I heard about what happened, by the way~. There was a big joint sports festival held recently, right?
Rimi: Yes, there was~. People from many different schools came!
Rimi: I was on the festival committee, so I was worried we wouldn't be able to make sure everyone had a good time.
Marina: Yeah, I can imagine things would get awkward if there are any hiccups along the way.
Rimi: Assisting the competitors, guiding people who are lost, and interacting with visitors was really hard.
Rimi: But at the same time, there were just as many things to be happy about!
Marina: Yeah! It can be tough working behind the scenes, but it's all worth it in the end.
Marina: I know that it makes my day when all the bands at CiRCLE's concerts take the time to thank me.
Rimi: I completely understand~! I got showered with thanks during my committee duties...
Rimi: That made me really happy, which only made me want to work even harder!
Marina: A simple thank-you is enough to wash away all that stress and exhaustion~. Wouldn't you agree, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: Our school is going to have its own share of events coming up...
Rimi: So if I end up on some kind of committee again, I'll keep doing my best to show everyone a good time.
Marina: And I'll work just as hard to help all the bands put on the best performances they can!
Rimi: Fufu, I look forward to it!
Rimi: ... Ah! Is it that late already?
Rimi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, I had better get going.
Marina: Okay, have fun with your shopping!
Rimi: Thank you very much!
Rimi: Good luck with your errands. Bye for now!
