1057_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Empathetic Relationship

Gacha phrase: After all, we are Poppin'Party. There's no way I would not know.

<Rimi's Top Recommendation>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Practice... was so dang fun.
Kasumi: Whoa, we just got a "dang" from Rimi-rin! I had a lot of fun too~! And I still wanna play more!
Arisa: You're as energetic as ever... I'm pretty beat...
Tae: But your keyboard playing was in perfect form. It was like it was singing.
Saya: Don't you feel like having a concert so we can show off our progress?
Kasumi: I'm in! Ah, but if we're gonna do one, I wanna play a new song too~!
Arisa: You're too hasty! Besides, we don't even have a new song!
Rimi: Ah, but I might want to play one too... I feel like the image for a song is starting to form.
Rimi: If I had just one more bit of inspiration, I could probably come up with something...
Rimi: Ah, I got an e-mail from my sister... Yay, it sounds like she saw the pamphlet photos!
Kasumi: What?! Really?!
Arisa: Now that you mention it, you said you took a picture of every page and sent it to her, right?
Kasumi: Huh? Really? What did Yuri-senpai say?!
Rimi: Let's see... She said... "Thanks for the pictures! I could tell how much you all are enjoying school. Looking at them made me miss Hanasakigawa."
Arisa: Oh... Ooh~... That was a good review, right?
Kasumi: It has to be! It's so great Yuri-senpai liked it too!
Rimi: She said she wants to see the actual pamphlet as well.
Kasumi: Well then, the next time Yuri-senpai comes back to Japan, let's take her on a tour of Hanasakigawa's recommended spots! It'll definitely be a blast!
Arisa: At this rate, I think we can look forward to the reactions from middle school students too.
Saya: Fufu, our efforts paid off.
Rimi: Yeah, compiling the surveys was tough, wasn't it? I'm glad we did our best in making it.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! We almost ended up staying the night here in the basement!
Arisa: You had been planning on staying over, huh...?
Kasumi: That's because reading the surveys was so much fun! Even though I knew we had to compile them all, I just got sucked in!
Saya: That's because the recommendations varied from person to person. I was thinking about taking another long look at them later.
Kasumi: Yeah! There were so many recommendations we didn't know about, like club practices and the flowers in the courtyard!
Rimi: Looking at the surveys, I felt like Hanasakigawa is packed with people's memories in a variety of places.
Rimi: Maybe those memories are what make the school what it is.
Saya: Fufu, you're right. I'm sure those memories and fun times have made the school what it is today.
Kasumi: Yeah, that has to be it! I've liked the school since I first came here, but now I love it even more!
Tae: I know what you mean! I'm always looking forward to going to school on Mondays.
Rimi: ... You know, that sounds like when Saya-chan was talking about how she is who she is now because of everyone's influence... Ah!
Arisa: Rimi? Is something wrong?
Rimi: I'm sorry, Arisa-chan! Can I borrow a pen and paper?
Tae: Ah, does that mean...?!
Rimi: Yes, I have an image for a new song!
Rimi: I want to make it a song packed with our recommendations, but what do you all think?
Arisa: Ooh~...! Sounds promising...!
Kasumi: Mhm! I get the feeling it'll be a hit song!
Saya: In that case, we need to think about what kind of song we want to make it.
Kasumi: Oh, hey! Once this song is finished, let's play it at a show at the school!
Saya: Fufu, sounds good! It's a song created from talking about Hanasakigawa, after all.
Arisa: Hey, quit deciding stuff on your own! That sorta thing requires a bunch of work!
Rimi: If possible, I'd like for everyone to hear it...
Rimi: Because Poppin'Party is my number one recommendation for Hanasakigawa.
Arisa: ... Alright, fine. I'll try talking to Rinko-senpai.
Rimi: Fufu, thank you, Arisa-chan! Alright, I'm going to do my best!


<A Song That Everyone Will Love>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Edogawa Music]

Rimi: Should I go with one or two? ... Ah, that's right. I need to buy new bass strings too.
Marina: Oh, it's Rimi-chan. Are you shopping today?
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Um, I came to buy blank sheet music to write a new song.
Marina: Oh~, a new song for Poppin'Party, right? Now that's something to look forward to~.
Rimi: Fufu, thank you. We're hoping to perform it at a show soon.
Marina: Can you tell us a little bit about what kind of song it will be?
Rimi: Of course! Umm... Actually, we recently made a pamphlet introducing the school...
Rimi: Our new song is one I came up with using that as inspiration.
Marina: We heard a little bit about the pamphlet from Saya-chan. You girls sent out a survey to all the students at the school, right?
Rimi: That's right. It was decided that the pamphlet would include recommendations from a variety of people, and everyone in Poppin'Party worked on compiling all of the surveys.
Rimi: When we looked at everyone's surveys, they all had such unique recommendations, even if the spots were the same...
Rimi: That's why I wanted to try making a song where everyone's favorite part will be different, even if it's the same song.
Rimi: If I can make a song that gathers together everyone's recommendations and feelings of fun, I feel like it would be a wonderful song!
Marina: You're right. That would definitely mean that the song would be packed with a lot of appeal.
Rimi: That's why I'm asking everyone what kind of parts they would want to recommend in our song as I'm writing it.
Marina: Fufu, I get the feeling it's going to be a pretty amazing song.
Rimi: I'm hoping to make it a song where everyone that hears it can discover their favorite part...
Marina: Yeah! Just hearing you talk about it, I can tell how passionate you are.
Rimi: W-was I speaking that passionately? That's so embarrassing...!
Marina: Fufu, I hope to hear it in concert soon! You're looking forward to it too, aren't you, {{userName}}-san?
Rimi: Well then, I have to work hard on making the rest of the new song so I can share it with you all as soon as I can...!
Marina: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it.
