1109_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Voices of Good and Evil

Gacha phrase: P-please stop~.

<Attempting a New Record>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Tae: Your new song is coming along nicely, Rimi. It's really fun to play.
Saya: I know what you mean. Performing it felt great. I think this will end up being a fantastic song.
Rimi: I'm glad. The lyrics you wrote were wonderful too, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~! Then how about we take a rest?
Arisa: That's unusual. Normally you're eager to practice a little more.
Kasumi: Well~... you know what break time means, don't you?
Rimi: Fufu, actually, I've been looking forward to it as well.
Arisa: Ah, candy, huh? I guess it's been a while since we've eaten snacks on our break.
Kasumi: Then let's dig in!
Kasumi: Mmm~, this is divine~! Nothing beats the joy of snacking on candy in between practice...!
Kasumi: I feel like I could eat a hundred of these today.
Rimi: Fufu, it's because we spent all that time avoiding sweets. When you challenge yourself not to eat something, you really appreciate these small moments when you get to have a treat.
Saya: Fufu, it sure was challenging, but I'll cherish those memories.
Arisa: I suppose... Hey, Kasumi! Stop wolfing those down!
Kasumi: They're so yummy, I can't help it~!
Rimi: Fufu... Oh? It's a message... from my sister.
Rimi: ... Wow!
Saya: What is it, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Well, Sis says she'll send us chocolate from a famous shop overseas!
Kasumi: Chocolate? Yippee~!
Rimi: I've eaten that chocolate once before, and it was scrumptious... It melts the moment you put it in your mouth...
Rimi: It's so amazing that once you eat it, you'll never forget it...
Arisa: That good, huh...?
Saya: Fufu, now I really want to know what this chocolate is like.
Rimi: She said, "Eat it with your friends." So you better look forward to it.
Kasumi: You bet~! I hope it gets here soon~!
Rimi: Ah... There's more written underneath...
Rimi: Umm, "Feel free to steer clear of snacks until my parcel is delivered."
Rimi: ...?! Again...?
Arisa: No way, one time is enough... Right?
Saya: Uh-huh... It was a real struggle in the lead-up to Valentine's Day.
Rimi: ...
Kasumi: Wait, Rimi-rin, don't tell me...
Rimi: Y-yeah... I think I'll try refraining from eating sweets again while I wait for this chocolate to arrive.
Kasumi: What?!
Arisa: Huh...? Are you serious?! You barely survived last time...
Kasumi: That's right~! And we're finally able to eat candy again!
Rimi: Y-you've got a point, but this chocolate is truly mouthwatering... I'm sure if I do this, it will taste out of this world.
Tae: Count me in. Let's all do it together.
Tae: I bet it'll become another great memory. I wanna eat the best chocolate with you guys over and over again.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Kasumi: Ohh~...
Rimi: Kasumi-chan... You don't have to if you don't want to... It's just something I'm choosing to do...
Kasumi: ... No, let's do it! I know it's hard, but like O-Tae says, it's sure to be a good experience!
Rimi: ...! Thank you...!
Arisa: Are we seriously doing this again...?
Saya: Aw, come on. We ate way too much chocolate at the Valentine's Day party anyway, so just think of this as balancing it out.
Tae: When is the chocolate scheduled to get here?
Rimi: The chocolate Sis ordered will be delivered to her place first, then she'll send it here, so... Probably around ten days.
Kasumi: Ten days?!
Saya: Looks like we're aiming for a new record already.
Rimi: Yep...! But it will be okay as long as we do it together!
Rimi: Let's give it our all in order to eat the ultimate chocolate...!
Tae, Saya, Arisa & Kasumi: Yeah!


<Because You're There>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, good job. I know it's not easy cleaning the outdoor area in this season. Let's drink something to warm us up.
Marina: Oh? Isn't that Rimi-chan over there? Hey, Rimi-chan! Hello~.
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Marina: Oh, is that the limited Valentine's Day hot chocolate you're drinking?
Rimi: Yes. It's smooth and has a lovely aroma. It's really yummy... Even on days without practice, I've been coming here lately just to drink it.
Marina: It makes me happy to know you're enjoying the drink that much. Valentine's Day is over now, but it will stay on the menu for the rest of the month.
Rimi: Wow, that's great news...! I couldn't have any until Valentine's Day, so I need to drink lots now to make up for it.
Marina: Oh? I thought you of all people would have been one of the first to try it, Rimi-chan...
Rimi: Well, Poppin'Party actually swore off eating sweet things in the week leading up to Valentine's Day so that we could eat the ultimate chocolate.
Marina: Huh? What do you mean?
Rimi: I once had to stop eating sweets for three days... and the candy I ate afterward was scrumptious!
Rimi: This year, I managed to pre-order a popular chocolate cake that always sells out, and I was really looking forward to eating it...
Rimi: Then I thought maybe it would be even yummier if I saved my appetite for sweets until Valentine's Day...
Rimi: When I told everyone my idea, they wanted to do it with me.
Marina: Interesting~. So you all avoided sweet things.
Rimi: Yes. It was so difficult not eating snacks...
Rimi: But I was able to get through it because I was doing it with my friends.
Rimi: There's no way I could have hung in there if I was by myself...
Marina: True, goals that are hard to achieve alone become a little easier when someone is by your side.
Rimi: Yes! And after all that hard work, the chocolate we finally ate together...
Rimi: Was so unbelievably delicious that just thinking about it warms my heart!
Marina: I can feel your happiness, Rimi-chan~. Well done on persevering!
Rimi: Thank you. Although, I'm sure the whole affair seems silly to others...
Marina: Not at all. No matter the situation, I think supporting each other is a wonderful thing.
Marina: Not to mention, while there are many people who'll do fun things with you, it's really hard to find people who'll stick by you through hard times.
Rimi: Yes, I agree!
Rimi: That's why the next time we take on a challenge, I want us all to give it our best shot together.
Rimi: I also want to be a source of strength for everyone.
Marina: I see. When that time comes, I'll cheer for you too.
Rimi: Thank you very much!
Marina: ... Oh dear. I didn't realize it was this time already.
Marina: I need to quickly buy drinks and head back... I think I'll choose the hot chocolate you had, Rimi-chan. Are there any toppings you recommend?
Rimi: Yes! I suggest getting...
