1154_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Wow! Thanks, everyone!

<Heart-Pounding Haunted House>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Hmm? It's dark. I thought everyone was supposed to be here already...
Tae: Come closer... now...
Rimi: O-Tae-chan? Where are you? Um, am I going the right way?
(Background change)
All: Happy Birthday~!
Rimi: Wow! Thanks, everyone!
Saya: Here's your birthday present.
Rimi: Ohh~, this monster cushion is so cute and soft~!
Arisa: Since we were giving you a monster cushion, O-Tae suggested we turn the basement into a haunted house.
Tae: That's because the atmosphere is important for things like this. You and the cushion look like you were made for each other, Rimi.
Kasumi: Yeah! You two look so cute together!
Arisa: You do know she's holding a monster, right...?
Saya: Ahaha, I agree with Kasumi though. Hey, Rimi-rin, over here! I'll take a picture of you with your cushion!
Rimi: Um, how does this look?
Saya: Fufufu, perfect! Ready~? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Beloved Reason>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Rimi: Fufu... Yesterday was really fun... I'm so glad I also got to take lots of pictures~.
Kokoro: That's a very nice smile, Rimi! Did something good happen?
Rimi: Ah, Kokoro-chan! My band threw a birthday party for me.
Kokoro: Ohh, a birthday party?! How wonderful! So, what was it like?
Rimi: You're not going to believe it! They turned Arisa-chan's basement into a haunted house!
Kokoro: A haunted house?! That's amazing! I've never celebrated my birthday at a haunted house before!
Rimi: Same! I was scared at first, but it also made me super happy~!
Rimi: Oh, and they got me a monster cushion for my present. Look, it's the one in this photo.
Kokoro: Wow! That's so cute~!
Kokoro: I bet your friends thought very hard to make you smile!
Rimi: Mm-hmm. I really appreciate all the effort they put into picking my present and coming up with a birthday surprise.
Rimi: Being with everyone is something I usually take for granted a bit...
Rimi: But whenever they celebrate my birthday, it makes me realize again just how truly lucky I am to have met them.
Rimi: That's why I love birthdays...!
Kokoro: Mmm~! How nice! The birthday party must've been so fun and filled with smiles!
Kokoro: See, even your monster cushion has such a wonderful smile on its face!
Rimi: Fufu, it's super cute, isn't it? I ended up falling asleep yesterday while holding it.
Kokoro: Oh, it sounds like the two of you are friends already then! Have you given your cute monster friend a name yet?
Rimi: A name... You're right. I should come up with one~.
Kokoro: It should be a nice name then! Why don't we try to come up with one that'll make both your friend and everyone else smile?
Rimi: Yeah! Thank you, Kokoro-chan.
