1215_Rimi Ushigome_R2 Finding Excitement♪

<I’m Coming, Chocolate Cornet>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Rimi: Ugh~, I'm so tired...
Rimi: I'm just so bad at sports... Swim class was a disaster~.
Kokoro: Huh? Why do you think you did bad? I had tons of fun swimming with you!
Saya: Yeah. I always look forward to playing with you guys during free time.
Rimi: K-Kokoro-chan, Saya-chan...
Rimi: Ehehe. Thanks. I really liked swimming with you.
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's have fun next time too!
Rimi: Yeah. We should play during free time again.
Rimi: Fufu. All that swimming has made me thirsty. I should have my water bottle in my bag... There it is!
Rimi: Huh? It feels really light...
Saya: Didn't you say that you drank all your tea during lunch?
Rimi: Huh? Ah, you're right...!
Saya: Ahaha. If you like, you can have some of my tea. Here's my water bottle.
Rimi: A-are you sure?! Thanks, Saya-chan! I'll have a sip...!
Rimi: Ah~! That hit the spot~!
Rimi: ...!
Kokoro: Huh? Rimi, that sounded like your stomach growling.
Rimi: Ugh. This is so embarrassing... I was exercising so much that I got hungry...
Kokoro: When your stomach starts talking, that's the best time for food! What do you wanna eat?
Rimi: Um, a chocolate cornet... I should've bought one at Yamabuki Bakery.
Saya: Ah... That reminds me, this morning my dad was putting them out like he always does. They were fresh out of the oven and smelled so goo-
Rimi: S-stop, Saya-chan! Hearing that just made me even hungrier~...
Rimi: Ugh~, chocolate cornets...
Kokoro: Mhm, I see. That's what Rimi needs right now, a chocolate cornet!
Kokoro: Let's go to Saya's bakery after school! I think I want a chocolate cornet now too!
Rimi: Really? Okay then, let's go on the way home.
Saya: Hm? But... don't you two have cleaning duty after school?
Rimi: Ah...! Th-that's right, we do...
Rimi: Oh~, today is just not my day...
Saya: D-don't let that get you down! The chocolate cornets aren't going to run away!
Kokoro: Yeah, Rimi! Those chocolate cornets are gonna taste even better after we finish cleaning up!
Rimi: You're right... Okay! I'm going to do a really good job of cleaning and then enjoy a chocolate cornet!
Rimi: Just you wait, chocolate cornet...! I'm coming to eat you...!


<Because Things Were Different>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Since we've finished hauling this equipment, how about we take a break? Maybe I'll get something cold to drink.
Marina: Huh? That girl sitting over there is... Hey~! Rimi-chan!
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hi.
Marina: Hi, Rimi-chan. Taking a break in the café?
Rimi: Yes. I don't have any plans today, so I was having some tea while I looked over these pictures from a trip I just went on.
Marina: Really? Can I see...? Oh wow, these pictures are amazing!
Marina: You know, I heard from Kokoro-chan that you all went out somewhere not too long ago. Are these pictures from that?
Rimi: Yes. When I went to Yamabuki Bakery with Kokoro-chan, Saya-chan and Moca-chan were looking at a photo book...
Rimi: There was a photo of a sunflower field inside that was just breathtaking. So we all decided to go see it.
Rimi: When we arrived in the area where the field should be, we got lost looking for it. That's when we bumped into Hikawa-senpai... She show us around, and we all looked for the field together.
Marina: I see. If it's okay, could I see some more of your pictures?
Rimi: Of course. Um, this is one of us when we were eating lunch...
Marina: Fufu. I can tell you girls were having a great time. You had bagels and sandwiches... Everything looks so good.
Rimi: Saya-chan baked all kinds of bread just for that day... These chocolate cornets were sooo good.
Rimi: I have other pictures too. Like the one where we all posed on the bank in front of the sea, and the one of a tunnel that was used in a movie...
Rimi: And here's the place we were looking for.
Marina: Oh my gosh...! You can see the sea and the sky beyond the field of sunflowers. You all look so happy~!
Marina: Judging from these pictures, you all must have walked around quite a bit.
Rimi: We did. I was so tired on the way back that I fell asleep on the train.
Rimi: If Moca-chan and the others hadn't woken me up, I might've missed my train transfer...
Marina: Fufu. It sounds like you had a really nice time. That's wonderful.
Rimi: I don't usually get together with these members, so I really enjoyed spending time with them. We had an amazing trip together♪
Marina: I bet! Seeing a new side of someone is one of the best parts of traveling together.
Rimi: Yes, I think so too. I hope we can all go somewhere together again.
