1283_Rimi Ushigome_R3 Beyond the Blue Sea

Gacha phrase: A blue ocean that stretches as far as the eye can see~.

<Picking a Swimsuit... For You?>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

[Shopping Mall - Swimsuit Store]

Rimi: One-pieces, rash guards, bikinis, tankinis...
Rimi: Ngh, there are so many different kinds, I cannot decide...
Himari: Fufufuuu♪ ... Oh, it's Rimi! Heya!
Rimi: Ah, Himari-chan. Are you doing some shopping today?
Himari: Yeah, but there's nothing in particular that I really need. And you?
Rimi: Yeah, all of Poppin'Party have decided to go to the beach.
Himari: Ohh~! Going to the beach together sounds like fun~. So you came to buy a new swimsuit then?
Rimi: That's right... But now I am here, and there are so many different kinds... I cannot decide which one to get.
Himari: I get you~. If you're gonna get a swimsuit, you want it to be cute, right~?
Himari: Ah, I know. How about I help you pick one out?
Rimi: You would do that? Thank you, Himari-chan! That would be a great help~.
Himari: Sure. Just leave it to me!
Himari: Let's see~... Ah! You might suit something like this, Rimi! The frills on the top are the highlight. Aren't they great?
Rimi: I see what you mean. The light pink color is also very cute~.
Himari: Right~? It'll definitely look good on you! Ah, but this bikini here might also work! Look, it even comes with a pareo to wrap around your waist!
Rimi: Wow~, it looks very mature.
Rimi: But... it might be a little too flashy...
Himari: You think so~? I think you'd be able to pull it off no problem!
Himari: Then what about this bikini? It's a bit more toned down than the other one, and don't you think this design is super cute?
Rimi: Wah, you're right~. There are lots of little flowers on it. It is very cute~.
Himari: Ah, but wait a second. You might suit this one too.
Himari: Look here. Isn't this one-piece cute? It's so frilly!
Rimi: It is. I like the color too.
Himari: Same, same~!
Rimi: Fufu... All the designs look so nice when I go through them like this. I cannot decide at all.
Himari: I get you~. I take ages buying clothes too~.
Rimi: It is hard to narrow your options down to one.
Himari: Right? You just want to get all of them when you're shopping!
Rimi: But having difficulty choosing is also fun in its own way.
Himari: Yeah, yeah! Picking stuff with your friends is like half the fun of shopping~...
Himari: Ah! Th-this one!
Rimi: Himari-chan?
Himari: Look, Rimi! Isn't this off-shoulder swimsuit super cute?!
Rimi: It is. And that exotic pattern is very stylish~.
Himari: I've always wanted one like this~! Wait, wait, I think this is my size too!
Rimi: Yeah, I think that would suit you very well, Himari-chan. I'm sure you would pull it off.
Himari: Really?! Thanks, Rimi~♪ Alright, maybe I'll just go ahead and buy this then...
Himari: Ah, but wait. This is cute too~! I saw this one in a magazine~! What should I do? I can't decide~!
Rimi: Fufu, Himari-chan, it's okay. You have lots of time, so make your decision slowly.
Himari: Ahh~, you're so kind, Rimi~. Thanks~♪ Okay, I'll try this one and this one on...
Rimi: Ah, Himari-chan. Here, you can use this shopping basket if you'd like.
Himari: Yay~! Thanks, Rimi~♪ Excuse meee! I'd like to try these on~!
Rimi: Fufu, go for it. I will be waiting here while you decide.
Rimi: (... Wait. When did this become a shopping trip for Himari-chan's swimsuit?)


<Going to All of Them Together>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew, we've finished with the cleaning, so should we have a quick break? ... Hm? Is that Rimi-chan over there?
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello, Rimi-chan. You look like you're having fun. What were you looking at on your phone?
Rimi: Well, Saya-chan sent me the photos that she took on our vacation the other day... I was looking at them.
Marina: You stayed at a bed and breakfast near the sea, right? Saya-chan showed me a few of the photos.
Marina: Ah, could you show me your ones too, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: Sure. Here♪ Every picture turned out quite nicely. They're wonderful.
Marina: Thanks!
Marina: ... Ah, the ice cream in this photo has three scoops! That sure is a lot of ice cream~.
Rimi: Fufu, it really was.
Rimi: We could not decide on which flavor to get, so the man at the store gave us extra scoops for free.
Rimi: Thanks to that, we were able to try all of the flavors that we wanted to!
Marina: Fufu, so that's why you all look so happy~... Ah, the sashimi dish in this photo also looks really good!
Rimi: Ah, that was the dinner they served us at the bed and breakfast.
Rimi: It was all very delicious, but the sashimi assortment was particularly nice and fresh.
Marina: I bet the fish was freshly-caught since you were by the sea. Fufu, now I kind of want to eat some.
Marina: Anyhow, you all look like you're enjoying yourselves in every photo.
Rimi: We were! Both the beach and the bed and breakfast were so much fun~. I was able to make yet another precious memory with Poppin'Party.
Marina: Yes, yes. It'd be nice if you could go on another trip with everyone again.
Rimi: I would really like to~. I wonder where we could go next time...
Marina: Fufu. It's a tough decision to make.
Rimi: Yes, there are many places I would love to visit...
Marina: Ah, then why don't you come up with a plan that lets you go around all of those places?
Rimi: Me...? I wonder if I'll be able to do it properly...
Marina: You don't have to do it all on your own, of course. I think just suggesting it would make everyone in Poppin'Party really happy.
Rimi: Yes, it would... I am not sure if I will be able to do it well, but I would like to plan something that makes everyone happy someday♪
