1308_Rimi Ushigome_R4 The Face Others See

Gacha phrase: I want to enjoy our shows together more!

<The Concert Photo Pt. 1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Before The Show]

[Dressing Room]

Tae: So, here is a picture of Oddie while I was brushing him. Isn't he adorable when he's sleeping peacefully?
Tae: And here is Oddie with his cheeks stuffed with food. He's so cute, I just had to take a picture.
Kasumi: Wow, you're right! He's adorable~!
Saya: Just looking at him makes you feel good~. I guess that's Oddie for you~.
Arisa: You sure do have a whole lot of faith in Oddie...
Rimi: Fufu. Thanks, O-Tae-chan. I want to see more cute pictures of Oddie before we go on stage. I feel so much more relaxed now.
Tae: Rimi, are you feeling nervous? I thought you'd be fine since you're eating a chocolate cornet.
Arisa: Wait, we're performing real soon. You know you can't bring that on stage, right?
Rimi: It's okay. I'm almost finished... Munch.
Rimi: Mmm, so delicious~! Chocolate cornets are the best, no matter when you eat them~!
Tae: Oh... That content look on your face right now looks like the one Oddie makes.
Rimi: Huh? I... look like Oddie?
Tae: Yup. You look exactly like him when you're happily eating away.
Arisa: I don't know if she looks like Oddie, but Rimi does look like she's in complete bliss when she's eating a chocolate cornet.
Kasumi: I totally understand~! Seeing Rimi-rin eat one totally makes me want one too!
Saya: That's quite something, especially for you, Kasumi. Fufu.
Kasumi: You think so?
Arisa: Well, in Kasumi's case, all her emotions are written on her face. You can pretty much know what she's thinking just by looking at her.
Rimi: Fufufu. Like when we were first-year students, you could tell right away if she got a bad score on a quiz or something...
Kasumi: Huh?! You've known for that long~?!
Arisa: I'm more surprised you had so little self-awareness...
Saya: But, surprisingly, most of the time we know ourselves a lot less than we think we do.
Marina: Sorry. I know you guys are going on stage soon, but do you have a minute?
Kasumi: Ah, Marina-san! What's up?
Marina: Well, I'm here because I have a request for all of you.
Rimi: A request...? What is it...?
Marina: The thing is, we've been talking about adding pictures of actual live performances to the CiRCLE website.
Saya: I see. That would definitely help people understand what the atmosphere is like at CiRCLE.
Rimi: It would be wonderful if more people came to the shows after seeing such pictures.
Marina: Yeah, so, during today's show, we'll be taking a bunch of photos of all the different bands, and if we get a good one, we'll post that up on our site...
Marina: Of course, we'll try our best not to get in the way of your performance, but do you think you could help us out?
Kasumi: Ohh! That sounds like so much fun! I'm totally okay with it. I'm sure everyone else is too, right?!
Arisa: Sure, why not? It's not like it'd affect our performance.
Marina: Thanks. This'll be so helpful~! I'll be sure to capture everyone's efforts on camera!
Marina: Alright then, I'll see you all later! I'm looking forward to your performance!
Saya: Pictures, huh...?
Kasumi: She said they might be posted on their website, right?
Arisa: Indeed. But she said they'd only post one...
Kasumi: What if our picture gets picked?!  That would just be so awesome!
Rimi: I feel like we'd get chosen as long as you're in it, Kasumi-chan. You have such good expressions when you're performing.
Kasumi: Y-you think so~?
Kasumi: But, but... You're the same way when you're performing, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: I-I am...?
Kasumi: When you're performing on stage, your expressions are always super good!
Rimi: A-are... you sure? I've never been aware of it, so I'm not so sure...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, you don't have to worry about it so much, okay~? Just play as you usually do, and you'll be fine!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...
Kasumi: Don't go overthinking things. Let's just have fun during the show!
Rimi: O-okay! You're right! I feel like I can play like I always do.
Kasumi: Ehehe, I'm glad to hear that!
Saya: Ah, it's almost time to go on stage.
Arisa: We don't have much time left... Looks like... we've done everything we need to.
Tae: Yup, all that's left is to enjoy the show.
Kasumi: Before we go on, we gotta do our usual huddle! Here we go...
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa~!!
(White cut)


<The Concert Photo Pt. 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After The Show]

[Dressing Room]

Kasumi: Hey, hey! Wasn't our performance amazing today?! I felt like the audience was so supportive and gave us so much strength!
Arisa: Don't you say that after every performance?
Arisa: And, also, how in the world do you always have so much energy...? It feels like you're more energetic now than you were before the show...
Kasumi: Well, it's because it was so heart-pounding that I just can't stop my engine!
Arisa: Are you a car?!
Tae: By the way, it seems like the staff that were taking photos took a bunch of us from different angles.
Saya: The show was so much fun. I'm curious to see how the pictures turned out~.
Rimi: Oh, that's right! Once the show started, I was so absorbed in playing that I completely forgot...
Saya: Fufu, I knew it. You were in the zone, Rimi-rin.
Marina: Everyone~. Great job with the performance~.
Marina: Thanks so much for letting us take photos~. Because of you guys, we were able to take some really good ones.
Marina: Would you like to take a look at them together?
Kasumi: Woohoo~! We'd love to! Everyone come over here!
Kasumi: Wow~, all the photos look so good~!
Tae: That's because the show was so much fun. It's like our excitement was captured in these pictures.
Saya: Oh, Kasumi and Arisa have such smug expressions in this one! Arisa~, you were rocking out~.
Arisa: Shut up!
Rimi: But look here! There's a cute picture of you two! See, look how fantastic your smiles are!
Kasumi: Wow! I remember this moment! We totally locked eyes, didn't we, Arisa?
Arisa: There's no way I can remember every little thing about a brief moment like that!
Marina: Ah. Anyway, this is the photo I was thinking of using for CiRCLE's website... What do you think?
Rimi: ... Huh? This... one? Y-you're kidding, right?!
Marina: The staff member who took this photo said you had such a great expression when you were playing "Photograph," Rimi-chan.
Marina: So, they ended up taking a close-up of you, and it turned out great. They were really pleased.
Kasumi: Yup! No doubt about it! Rimi-rin, you look so cool in this picture!
Rimi: Me... Cool...?
Rimi: ... Thanks, Kasumi-chan. I felt like I could concentrate on playing the bass more than usual today.
Rimi: I'm sure it's because of all the encouragement you gave me before we went on stage.
Kasumi: I dunno about that. You're always like this when you perform.
Rimi: Always...?
Tae: I agree with Kasumi. This is how you always look when you play the bass.
Saya: Yeah, absolutely. It's coming from us, so you've got to believe it.
Arisa: Yeah. After all... we're obviously the ones who watch you the most when you perform.
Rimi: Everyone...
Rimi: (... I get it now. I've always... No, it's more like... I've become this way.)
Rimi: (I've wanted to be able to play on stage with the same kind of smile that Kasumi-chan and everyone else has...)
Rimi: (... And without even noticing, I was eventually able to do so.)
Rimi: But...
Kasumi: Hmm? What's wrong, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: I have to say, the only reason I can look like this while playing is because of all of you.
Rimi: If it weren't for all of you... I know I wouldn't have become like this on my own.
Rimi: So, allow me to say... Thank you, everyone!
Arisa: Rimi....
Kasumi: R-Rimi-rin~!!
Kasumi: But I'm not going to let Rimi-rin be the only one to give heart-pounding performances. I'll work harder and have even more fun while doing it~!
Rimi: Okay! I want to enjoy our shows together more!
Marina: Fufu, you girls sure are close~.
Rimi: Oh, that's right...! Marina-san, do you have a moment?
Marina: Hmm? What is it?
Rimi: Is it possible to get a copy of the picture that you'll be posting on the website?
Rimi: You see, it's a precious picture that made me realize something very important...
Marina: Of course! I'll send the photo to your phone later!
Rimi: Really?! Thank you so much!
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, you really like that photo, huh~?
Rimi: Yes. I like to keep things that are important close to me...
Rimi: I've acquired... yet another thing that's irreplaceable to me♪
(White cut)
