1347_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Soulful

Gacha phrase: Now then, I'd like to introduce our members!

<What In the World?!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Kasumi: Wooo~! Today's concert was electrifying~!
Tae: Yep! I can still hear the ringing of the crowd's cheers in my ears. I think they were even more excited than usual!
Saya: The applause after the final song was incredible~. Fufu, it's all thanks to your emceeing Rimi-rin.
Rimi: R-really?
Arisa: Yeah. You were an amazing emcee, Rimi.
Tae: Oh? Arisa, your eyes are all red. Are you crying?
Arisa: A-absolutely not...!
Saya: Fufu. Still, I really was touched by that self-introduction at the end. You did great, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Thanks. I was extremely nervous, but I'm glad everyone enjoyed it.
Kasumi: Hey, look, guys! The CiRCLE Guestbook!
Tae: It says, "I was really moved by Rimi-chan's self-introduction." "I'm ecstatic I got to hear Rimi-chan emcee!"
Saya: We only just finished the performance, yet this book is full of reactions already. The show was a real hit~.
Kasumi: Get a load of this! "I wasn't expecting Rimi-rin's final shout."
Tae: Uh-huh. Your shout shook the floor, Rimi. I found myself screaming along with the audience.
Rimi: Ohh~... I feel a little embarrassed thinking about it...
Kasumi: It's not embarrassing at all~! I could really feel your passion, Rimi-rin!
Saya: Yep. You showed us and the audience exactly how you felt.
Rimi: Okay... As long as you were all entertained... I'm happy I gave it my all.
Kasumi: Your emceeing was a great success, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Thank you, Kasumi-chan.
Rimi: However... I want to become even better at emceeing.
Saya: You mean even more than now?
Rimi: Yes. If I master emceeing, I think it will be a good opportunity for Poppin'Party to do more things on stage.
Rimi: For example, if we need to fill any gaps in a concert with emceeing, we can all help instead of relying on Kasumi-chan to do it alone.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin...!
Arisa: Good point. Unexpected situations in a concert can arise at any moment.
Saya: Yeah. Sometimes there's equipment trouble or there are issues with the band performing before or after you, and the emcee has to adjust the flow of the show.
Kasumi: Well then, do you wanna prepare something now in case that happens?
Saya: Hmm... It feels a little hasty, but it's probably better to prepare something than to ad-lib it.
Tae: Should we perform stand-up comedy?
Kasumi: Whoa~! I'd love to~! Great idea, O-Tae!
Arisa: Hold up. There's no way amateurs like us can pull off a comedy routine. Besides, Poppin'Party isn't a comedy band. That's not really our style.
Kasumi: Aw, don't say that! Let's at least try it out~! Do you wanna do it with me now, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: R-right now?
Tae: I wanna see you two do comedy! It won't hurt to try something new!
Rimi: I-if you insist... Just a little, okay...?
Kasumi: Thank you, Rimi-rin~! Okay then, we need to start with a greeting!
Kasumi: Hiya, folks! I'm the lead singer and guitarist, Kasumi Toyama! Rimi-rin and I are gonna perform a comedy bit so make sure y'all enjoy it 'til the end!
Arisa: Yikes, what's with the Kansai accent?
Kasumi: What's wrong with it~? Comedians always speak in Kansai accents. Isn't that right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan. Nobody from Kansai would say that.
Kasumi: I-I see...!
Arisa: Rimi... You sounded pretty serious just now...
Rimi: That last line should be more like... "Comedians always yammer away in Kansai accents. Ain't that right, Rimi-rin?"
Kasumi: Whoa~! Amazing...! You're the real deal...! Rimi-rin... No, Master Rimi, please teach me more phrases!
Arisa: Is this really what you wanna devote your energy to...?
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...! Sure, okay. I'll do my best so we can be great emcees...!
(Black cut)
Rimi: Yes, say it just like that. Okay, Kasumi-chan, one more time.
Kasumi: What in the world?!
Rimi: Hmm... It's not quite right... "What in the world?!" Okay, again.
Kasumi: What in the world?!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan...! Your pronunciation just now was excellent!
Kasumi: Really?! Yay~!
Saya: Rimi-rin's really hung up on that one line...
Tae: I guess Rimi's strict about comedy too.
Arisa: This must be her Kansai pride...
Kasumi: Master Rimi, let's keep going!
Rimi: Yes! There's no stopping us now, Kasumi-chan♪


<To Love Myself More>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rimi: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Are any of the studios available?
Marina: Hello, Rimi-chan. Yes, one just opened up. Are you practicing by yourself today?
Rimi: Yes. I had the sudden urge to go all out on my bass guitar for some reason.
Marina: Fufu, you sure seem motivated. Does it have anything to do with Poppin'Party's concert the other day?
Rimi: Exactly! Ah, Marina-san, were you watching the show...?
Marina: Fufu, of course. I work here, after all.
Marina: Poppin'Party's recent performances were so exciting. Taking turns to emcee was interesting, and the crowd was raving about it.
Rimi: Really? Wow~, I'm delighted to hear that.
Marina: Yep. We got to see each member's personality, and both the new guests and longtime fans were thrilled.
Marina: I was especially moved by your emceeing, Rimi-chan.
Rimi: Th-thank you very much. It's a little embarrassing... but I was able to express myself using my own words.
Marina: You practiced a lot in the lead-up to the concert, right?
Rimi: Yes. I received advice from Kasumi-chan and the others and tried lots of different techniques.
Rimi: Thanks to them, I think my speaking has really improved compared to before.
Marina: Uh-huh. Still, you sure are brave, Rimi-chan. Not everyone can face their weaknesses head-on like that.
Rimi: Th-thank you very much. I owe this to my Poppin'Party bandmates as well.
Rimi: If I was all alone, I might not have made it this far.
Rimi: However, I'm a member of Poppin'Party... so naturally, I wanted to do my best.
Marina: It's true that having friends can help you apply yourself sometimes.
Rimi: My emceeing wasn't perfect in the final show... Nevertheless, I stood my ground and challenged myself with something I'm not good at. As a result, I love myself a little more than before.
Marina: I see. Learning to love yourself is important. No matter what you do, it's crucial to have confidence first.
Rimi: Yes. That's why, from now on, I plan on growing my skills not just in things I'm bad at, but also in areas I'm already good at. I want to love myself even more.
Rimi: When I was emcee training, Kasumi-chan said something to me.
Rimi: She said she loves my bass playing. And that she can sing comfortably because I'm next to her.
Rimi: That's why I want to focus on bass today... I'll get better at the very thing she complimented me on so I can support everyone all of Poppin'Party.
Marina: I see. I'm sure your enthusiasm and kindness have touched your bandmates, Rimi-chan.
Rimi: Do you think so...? Fufu, I'd be happy if that were true.
Marina: Rimi-chan, I'll be supporting all your efforts!
Rimi: Thank you very much! I will continue to grow, slowly but surely, so please look forward to Poppin'Party's next concert.
