1491_Rimi Ushigome_R2 Good Morning, New Me

<Powerful Little Words>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake)

[Residential Area]

Rimi: Phew, cram school took a lot longer than I expected... Ah, that looks like...
Ran: Hey, Rimi. How's it going? It's kinda rare to see you out and about at this hour.
Rimi: I have a cram school exam coming up. What about you? Are you on your way back from band practice?
Ran: Yeah, something like that.
Rimi: I see. Since we bumped into each other, do you want to walk home together?
Ran: Sure, why not.
(Black cut)
Ran: Must be pretty rough having to go to cram school at this hour.
Rimi: It's not too bad. I'm used to it. And it's not like I have it any harder than you since you've been practicing until now.
Ran: Well, you could say we're a bit more motivated than usual since we've got a show coming up.
Ran: What about you guys? Practice going good?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. Ah, by the way, we're trying out something new.
Ran: Something new?
Rimi: Yes. We're writing a song to give to CHiSPA.
Ran: Writing a song for another band, huh...? Brings back memories.
Rimi: It was "Y.O.L.O!!!!!" for Pastel＊Palettes, wasn't it?
Ran: Yeah. It all started with the sudden email from Hina-san asking us to write a song.
Ran: And well... A lot happened, but it ended up being a pretty good experience.
Rimi: I see... It is something that doesn't happen every day after all.
Ran: So, how's the song coming along?
Rimi: Actually, I'm kind of busy, and so are Kasumi-chan and Arisa-chan, so we can't work on it much...
Rimi: That's why O-Tae-chan and Saya-chan are the main ones handling it.
Ran: Oh... Well, there are times when it's just hard to get the whole band together.
Rimi: Yes, but I still want to help, so I'm writing down some notes for them.
Ran: Huh. What kinda notes?
Rimi: Just a collection of things I've noticed when writing music and some tips.
Rimi: I don't know if it'll be that useful, but I want to give it to them once I put everything together.
Ran: Sounds like a good idea to me. I'm sure those two'll appreciate it.
Rimi: The only problem is I have tips for music but not much for the lyrics...
Ran: Oh yeah. Kasumi's the main one who handles that for you guys, huh?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. Oh, you wouldn't happen to have any tips about writing lyrics that you could share, would you?
Ran: Tips...? Not really, but what I can say is I place a lot of importance on the words that come from inside me.
Ran: Other than that... I'd say it's a good idea to try not to get too stuck on the fact that it's a song for someone else.
Rimi: Really...?
Ran: It's better to just put what you're feeling now into words and stuff, you know?
Rimi: Putting your feelings into words... I can see how that would make the lyrics more relatable.
Ran: Exactly. That's how I see it anyway.
Rimi: I see... Thanks! I'll include what you just said!
Rimi: So when people are being supportive when you're writing lyrics, is there anything that makes you particularly happy?
Ran: Supportive... huh...?
Ran: Little messages from the other guys can mean quite a bit.
Rimi: ...? Little messages?
Ran: It's like, when I'm working on the lyrics, everyone spams messages. Himari sends stuff like "You can do it~!"
Ran: Tsugumi says "Let me know if there's anything I can do for you." Tomoe's will be like "Wanna go unwind over some ramen?"
Ran: And well, Moca, her silly messages give me a good laugh.
Rimi: Fufu, that does sound like something childhood friends would do.
Ran: Little things like that can help a lot... Takes off some of the pressure.
Rimi: I know what you mean. When I'm having trouble writing music, just taking a look at everyone's messages in chat makes me feel warm inside.
Ran: Yeah. It's the fact that they care that makes me happy.
Rimi: ... Then I don't need to do anything complicated. I just have to do the usual things people do for me that bring me joy.
Rimi: I think I understand a bit better thanks to you!
Ran: Great. Just be supportive in your own way, and everything should work out.
Rimi: Ah, I'm going to go grab them a snack then.
Rimi: I had some really yummy cheesecake the other day from this new store.
Ran: Sounds good. It's definitely very you.
Rimi: All right, I'll give it a try! Thanks so much!


<Poppin'Party's Possibilities>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Riverside]

Rimi: Ah. Hello, {{userName}}-san. Is it your day off today?
Rimi: Yes, the weather's really nice, so I'm taking a bit of a stroll...
Rimi: ... Um, do you think you could maybe spare some time?
Rimi: Wow, thank you so much. You see, we gave CHiSPA a song the other day, and I've been wanting to talk about it.
Rimi: The song we created was really incredible. All of us were involved, but it also didn't feel like a song by us... It just felt so new.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan wrote the melody, and Saya-chan wrote the lyrics. The rest of us handled the fine-tuning and arranging.
Rimi: I couldn't help that much because I had cram school, but Saya-chan and O-Tae-chan worked very hard on it.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan's melody sounded really cool, but Saya-chan's lyrics were amazing too.
Rimi: They came up with exactly what CHiSPA was looking for...
Rimi: Listening to the song made me feel free and gave me the sense that there are endless possibilities.
Rimi: How they came up with it...? Well, finishing did take them a lot of trial and error.
Rimi: The two of them did more than just talk to each other. They went to the studio CHiSPA usually goes to to speak with Natsuki-chan.
Rimi: They even went to the school field in the morning to get an image of the song...
Rimi: Seeing their dedication made me feel like I needed to work harder.
Rimi: I was filled with the desire to write even better music and help expand Poppin'Party's possibilities...
Rimi: Yes, I'd love to try again if we get the chance. It was really fun writing music for another band.
Rimi: Thank you for lending me your ear. We'll be sure to do a concert again at CiRCLE.
