1542_Rimi Ushigome_R4 A Memorable Day Someday

Gacha phrase: You see, I've also been a grandma's girl since I was little.

<Bright and Colorful Candy>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: Wow...! We were all so in sync just now while playing.
Tae: Yeah. Our music overlapped beautifully.
Kasumi: I know, right~?! If we keep this up, we'll have a new song ready for the show for sure!
Arisa: Hold it, hold it! That may be true, but we've been practicing nonstop today since we started.
Saya: Oh yeah, you're right. Why don't we take a little break now?
Rimi: In that case, I brought snacks for all of you. Let's eat them while we rest.
Kasumi: Yay~! I totally want some! Snack time~♪
Saya: The ones you bring are so delicious, Rimi-rin. I always look forward to them.
Rimi: Today's are a little bit different. Hold on... Here we go.
Kasumi: Wow~, what is this?! The box is so fancy! I've never seen it before!
Rimi: They're snacks from overseas.
Arisa: Ah! The label on the back is written in a foreign language. You order them online, or did you get them at an import store?
Rimi: Neither, actually. My sister sent them to me.
Tae: They're from Yuri-san?
Rimi: Yup. Remember the other snacks we ate before? The ones from my grandma.
Saya: Ah, you mean the manju with chocolate inside? Those were really good.
Rimi: Yes, those. Anyway, I also sent some to my sister, so she sent me these in return.
Saya: I see. We should all thank Yuri-senpai later then.
Kasumi: Treats from another country~! Come on, Rimi-rin, open them up!
Rimi: Okay, I will... Wow! They're so colorful!
Kasumi: There's red, yellow, purple... This is amazing! It looks like there might be enough to make a rainbow!
Arisa: It's impressive, alright, but you don't exactly see hues like these in Japan...
Tae: I wonder what flavor the blue one is. Blue Hawaiian, maybe?
Saya: Say, Rimi-rin, what kind of snacks are these?
Rimi: My sister said they're soft candies.
Kasumi: Alright, I'm trying the star-shaped one! Here I go!
Kasumi: ... Mmm~, yum!
Saya: You're right. They're sweeter than what we usually have, but they definitely have a certain charm.
Arisa: These are some crazy colors here, but you guys didn't even hesitate to eat them...
Tae: Arisa, you're not going to try? This bunny-shaped one is pretty good.
Arisa: That's not a bunny. It's a "V" from the alphabet. Well, Rimi did bring them, so I'll give it a shot.
Arisa: Alright, here it goes... Huh. This is... actually pretty good...
Rimi: Fufu. They're delicious and just melt in your mouth, don't they?
Arisa: I sort of had my guard up because of the colors... but that tasted a lot better than I expected.
Rimi: I know what you mean about being on your guard. Unfamiliar things make me a bit nervous too.
Rimi: ... When I was still little, I always thought those manju my grandma sent me were the best treats in the whole world.
Rimi: But as I grew up and ate new things, I found other foods that I also liked... Ah, I still love chocolate manju, of course.
Arisa: Yeah, you can never really know until you have a taste.
Rimi: Exactly... Speaking of which, it was also kind of like that when the decision got made to come here.
Rimi: I cried because I wanted to stay where I was and didn't want to move.
Kasumi: What?! Are you serious?!
Rimi: Yup. I was nervous about having to replace what I knew with a new place where I might not even be able to make friends.
Rimi: ... But it's because I moved that I got to meet all of you and form a band.
Rimi: That's why if I could meet the old me from back then, I'd tell her that new encounters aren't necessarily bad.
Tae: If you weren't here, Rimi, Poppin'Party wouldn't even exist in the first place.
Arisa: And it sure was one challenge after the next from the start to even become a band.
Rimi: Yes. I used to be afraid of trying new things, and I still get nervous even now, but...
Rimi: It's like these candies. The idea that there are other delicious goodies I don't know about just waiting to be experienced is kind of exciting.
Rimi: ... Mmm~♪ So yummy.
Saya: Fufu, new things, huh? I know. Think I'm going to try stuffing some cornets with red bean paste.
Tae: Ohh, new item for Yamabuki Bakery?
Saya: Seeing how tasty the manju with chocolate inside was, don't you think cornets with red bean paste would work too?
Rimi: Cornets filled with red bean paste...! There's no way that won't be delicious, Saya-chan.
Arisa: Huh, you sound like you're sold already.
Kasumi: Fufu! Looks like there'll be no shortage of yummy food for you to keep discovering, Rimi-rin!


<Manju Size Theory>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rimi: Marina-san and {{userName}}-san, hello.
Marina: Hi, Rimi-chan. Oh? What's with the paper bag?
Rimi: I brought sweets today that I want to share with both of you. Would you like them?
Marina: Really? Thanks! Did you go on a trip somewhere?
Rimi: Oh, no. These are from my grandma. She sent me a whole bunch and told me to give them to the people I'm grateful to. That's why I wanted to share some with you.
Marina: Fufu, how sweet of you to say that. Is it alright if I take a peek inside?
Rimi: Go right ahead. They used to be my favorite when I was little.
Marina: Now I'm even more curious. Let's see...
Marina: Ah, manju. And they're bite-sized too. How adorable.
Rimi: Fufu, they're really round and cute, aren't they? But...
Marina: ...? What's wrong?
Rimi: Back then, these manju used to be so big that I couldn't finish them in one bite.
Marina: I see. Their size must've changed then.
Rimi: That's what I thought at first, but that wasn't it.
Rimi: It's because I've grown since then... So the manju feel smaller than they used to.
Marina: That happens, doesn't it? It's like when a place that used to seem huge actually feels pretty small when you go back as an adult.
Marina: Fufu, I guess this means you've grown.
Rimi: Yes, both in terms of height and how I think... It's changed my way of seeing things.
Marina: ... Is it just me, or did something happen?
Rimi: I guess... you could say it was Arisa-chan. She and her grandma are really close, but they had this fight when she was little.
Rimi: She couldn't remember why, though, so the rest of us tried to help her figure it out.
Marina: I see. Was Arisa-chan able to remember?
Rimi: Yes. It turned out it was over a bit of a misunderstanding.
Rimi: But looking back at the incident let her realize her grandma's true intentions about what happened.
Rimi: Seeing how they are made me wish I could be that way too...
Rimi: Like Arisa-chan... Someone who can notice things that are hard to see right away.
Rimi: If I could do that, I'd probably be able to notice all the important things I usually miss.
Marina: Fufu, that's true. But I think you've already taken the first step by wanting to be that way.
Rimi: Thank you. It'll only be little by little, but I'll try my best...!
