1624_Rimi Ushigome_R3 A Different Classroom

<Growing Circle of ”Tomo Friends”>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Nanami Hiromachi)

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Nanami: Gosh~, that was incredible~.
Rimi: Yeah... My heart's still racing.
Nanami: It was a real rollercoaster ride from start to finish~. Especially that last part, that was the best~.
Rimi: You mean the part where the ghost of that girl showed up in the rear-view mirror, right?
Nanami: Just when you think it's happily ever after, suddenly that happens... You could definitely tell that director loves horror flicks. Especially with all the references to other famous movies.
Rimi: Yeah. That director never lets me down when it comes to horror movies~. I can't wait for their next one♪
Nanami: So? What should we do now?
Rimi: Hm~... Is there anywhere you want to go, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Well~... Ah, let's go to the bookstore, then.
Nanami: The new issue of this manga Moca-senpai recommended to me just came out, so maybe I can pick it up~.
Rimi: Moca-chan recommended you a manga?
Nanami: It's this mix of sci-fi, mystery, and action, plus the MC gets reincarnated into a different world... You seriously can't figure out what's going to happen next. I'm super hooked on it right now.
Rimi: Oh, wow. That does sound interesting. Okay, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Nanami: All done~. Hm? What are you looking at?
Rimi: Ah! Um, this.
Nanami: "Tomo Friends Complete Guide: Enjoying the Great Outdoors!"
Rimi: Yeah. It's for this game called "Tomo Friends"... Have you heard of it, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Ah~, it's pretty popular at my school~. Is it that much fun, though?
Rimi: Yeah. You get to make your own farm, run your own store, draw pictures, all with these little animal pals... It's like you're living another life inside the game.
Nanami: Whoa, you can draw in that game~? Is that with a stylus or something?
Rimi: Yup. There's a lot of different resources you can use in-game for making art, too. You can then send them to other villagers or put up for display in the museum... It's quite addicting, actually.
Nanami: Huh~. That does sound like fun~. Gosh though, this guidebook's huge. Looks like it'd be a fun read~.
Rimi: Yeah, I like reading guidebooks because it's like you can enjoy the games even when you're not playing them.
Rimi: But... I'm still kind of on the fence about whether I should buy this now...
Nanami: Did you use up all your allowance for the month already?
Rimi: No, that's not it...
Rimi: I'm actually in the middle of doing some stag beetle hunting in-game, and there's still one beetle I haven't caught yet. The legendary Giant Platinum Stag Beetle.
Rimi: And if possible, I'd like to catch it without any outside help, so I kind of want to read this after I finish that...
Nanami: I see. You like guidebooks, but you don't want to rely on them too much... So that's where you draw the line, huh?
Rimi: Do you think that's weird...?
Nanami: Nah, if anything, I think I know what you mean.
Rimi: Huh? Really?
Nanami: Yup. When Morfonica went camping once, we ended up not being able to use our phones anymore, and thinking of what we could do together as a group was a lot of fun.
Nanami: In the end, it's more fun figuring out things for yourself, right~?
Rimi: Right! That's it exactly~. I guess I should have known you'd understand, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: Ehehe~. Maybe I'll pick up Tomo Friends myself. Oh, I've got it. Let's play it together~.
Rimi: Sure! I'd be really happy to have someone else to play with~.
Rimi: Ah, then how does next week, same day as today sound?
Nanami: Morfonica's not practicing that day, so I'm totally free~.
Rimi: Okay, then let's both bring Tomo Friends and meet at the CiRCLE café after school.
Nanami: Sweet~. Fufu, I can't wait to play together with you, Rimi-rin-senpai~.
Rimi: Me too! Hehe, I wish next week could get here sooner.


<Where Passion Gathers>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Residential Area]

Marina: That should be all the shopping taken care of. Let's head back. Hm? Over there, that's...
Rimi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi there, Rimi-chan. Are you headed somewhere?
Rimi: I'm on my way to cram school. It's a little early in the year to start, but I wanted to do some reviewing before our next set of tests come around.
Marina: Wow, you're a real go-getter, huh? Ah, that's right, I heard from Kasumi-chan and the others. You went to a college campus festival the other day, right?
Rimi: We did! It was really enlightening. I got to see a lot of things I'd never seen before.
Marina: I see. So? What did you think of college, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: It was really, really fun! There were so many unexpected meetings, and plenty of benches to take breaks on...
Rimi: It was like visiting a city I'd never been to for the first time. I got to experience all sorts of new things as I walked around.
Marina: Yeah, colleges have a lot more space than high schools do, which means they've got a lot more facilities to check out, too.
Rimi: Right. It was completely different from Hanasakigawa. There were three different cafés on campus, and the classrooms were so big...
Rimi: Not only that, all the students on campus looked like they were having a lot of fun. All the people working the booths, the Light Music Club...
Rimi: And especially the Game Development seminar students!
Marina: A seminar on making games, huh? Sounds like something you could only ever see at a college.
Rimi: Yeah. They let me playtest their game, and from the art and story to the tiny little details, everything was so polished. I was really surprised.
Rimi: More than anything else though, I could tell how passionate they all were... It was like they were shining.
Marina: Oh, I bet. You can almost see the sparkles coming off of people who are super passionate about their specific thing.
Rimi: Seeing them made me realize... What I'm studying now might lead to a fun world like that opening up for me in the future, too.
Rimi: Which is why when it comes to cram school and my tests... I feel like I want to try harder than ever.
Marina: I see. Sounds like you've become a bit more forward-thinking about your studies, huh?
Rimi: Yeah. It might still be vague right now, but... I feel like I'm beginning to get an idea of what I want to be in the future.
Marina: Good, good! I'm cheering for you, Rimi-chan!
Rimi: Thank you. Okay, I've got to get to cram school.
Marina: Got it. Have fun, and do your best!
