1674_Rimi Ushigome_R4 Following the Starlight

Gacha phrase: Want to run away from home together then?

<Forever Warm>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Kokoro Tsurumaki)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2B]

Rimi: ... Achoo!
Saya: Are you okay, Rimi-rin? Want a lap throw?
Rimi: Brr... Thank you, Saya-chan. The hallway was colder than I expected when I stepped out earlier. Maybe my temperature dropped because of that.
Kokoro: The hallway really is cold today. It's like the inside of an ice-cold fridge!
Saya: I'm not sure it's that cold, but it does feel a lot colder than usual today.
Rimi: Hmm, I wonder if there's a good way to become warm.
Kokoro: I know! What about a game of oshikura manju?
Kokoro: When I played with Hagumi and everyone the other day, all the shoving and squeezing against each other made me really warm! We should try it too!
Rimi: That does seem like a quick way to become warm.
Saya: Oh, but if we play here, we might get hurt because there isn't much space like out in the courtyard...
Rimi: Ah, right. Hmm, I wonder what else we can do then... Oh!
Rimi: Why don't we talk about something warm?
Kokoro: Talk about something warm?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. Talking about fun things makes you feel fun, right? So I think talking about warm things will make us feel warm... What do you think?
Kokoro: Wow! You're a genius at making us warm, Rimi!
Saya: Fufu, that could work. I'm interested in hearing what warm things you two have to talk about.
Rimi: Okay, I'll start then. Um... Eating red bean soup while under a kotatsu makes you pretty warm, don't you think?
Kokoro: Yes! It does make me really warm! Red bean soup is so warm, sweet, and relaxing.
Saya: Yeah, it tastes great when you have some on a cold winter day.
Rimi: Back when I was in the Kansai area, my grandma often served some. The smooth bean paste was so good...
Saya: Huh~, my family usually goes with mashed bean paste.
Rimi: Interesting. I wonder if every family has their own way of doing it.
Kokoro: Why don't we each bring some to share so that we can compare?
Rimi: That sounds like a super good idea! I'll ask my grandma for her recipe.
Saya: Okay, my turn next. Let's see~... On cold mornings, you can see the steam rising from freshly baked bread so clearly. Seeing that makes me feel really warm.
Saya: It comes with this delicious aroma that spreads throughout the bakery... The bread's so warm and soft, too. I actually quite enjoy those mornings.
Kokoro: Soft, fresh bread that makes you feel warm! How nice!
Rimi: I bet your fresh bread would taste super good on a cold morning!
Saya: Did that count as talking about something warm?
Rimi: Definitely! Ehehe, what you described even made me a bit envious.
Kokoro: Last one is me! Remember that time after school when the three of us had sweet potatoes? They made me feel so warm!
Saya: Oh, the roasted sweet potatoes~! They were really sweet, delicious, and warm.
Rimi: I felt so warm inside just by eating them.
Kokoro: Yes! But it wasn't just the potatoes!
Kokoro: The three of us eating them together is what made me feel warm!
Saya: Fufu, true.
Rimi: I know what you mean. There's an emotional warmth that comes from eating with friends.
Rimi: Ehehe. This conversation is making me want to go eat with both of you.
Kokoro: Me too! It would be nice to eat yummy food together again!
Saya: Now that I think about it, the three of us have eaten a lot of things after school. All the places you've recommended have been incredible, too, Rimi-rin.
Rimi: Ehehe. That's because I want people to enjoy the good food I find.
Kokoro: Thanks to you, Rimi, I now know a ton of places with yummy food!
Kokoro: There's the Japanese confection store nearby, the crepe place by the station, the pancakes at the café on the way to school, and the doughnut place we went to recently!
Rimi: Ehehehe. I have such fun memories of all of the delicious places we've been to, but I still have lots of places I want to visit with both of you.
Rimi: For example, there's a taiyaki place that just opened... Oh, wait... Classes are going to be shuffled when we become third-years.
Saya: Yeah. If we end up in different classes, we probably won't have as much time to discuss what to do after school.
Rimi: That's something I'm kind of going to miss...
Saya: Hmm...
Kokoro: Rimi, Saya, there's nothing to worry about!
Rimi & Saya: Hm?
Kokoro: Even if our classes change, nothing will change between us!
Rimi: ... You're right. Let's keep spending lots of time together even if we do end up in different classes!
Saya: I'm looking forward to hanging out with you guys once we're third-years!
Kokoro: Me too! Let's spend even more time together~!
Rimi: Oh, I know! What do you think about going somewhere today after school to eat something warm?
Kokoro: That's a really nice idea~! I can't wait to find out what warm things we'll get to find!
Saya: Sounds great. I just happened to be thinking about how nice it would be to go somewhere with you guys.
Rimi: Ehehe, perfect~. I have a ton of recommendations I want to share with you.
Rimi: There's red bean soup, hot chocolate, pork buns... I wonder which of these we should warm ourselves up with.


<Feelings Overflowing from Lyrics>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew... Why don't we take a bit of a break? Hm? That looks like Rimi-chan over there.
Marina: Hi, Rimi-chan. What're you up to?
Rimi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello. I'm working on a new song.
Marina: New song, huh~? Nice! What kind?
Rimi: The plan is to make it something you can listen to that makes you feel optimistic. It's for some lyrics that we all wrote together.
Marina: You came up with lyrics together, huh? You girls sure are close!
Rimi: Fufufu. Saya-chan slept over the other day. We had breakfast together before basement practice... I was so happy because it was like having my sister back home.
Rimi: The only issue was that Saya-chan was feeling kind of down.
Marina: I heard a bit about how she recently had some trouble trying to figure out what to do after graduating.
Rimi: Yes... I was trying to come up with ways to cheer her up.
Rimi: But I wasn't sure we could help because of Saya-chan's own feelings and family situation...
Marina: Yeah. Deciding what to do after graduating is complicated...
Rimi: I know... but we still wanted to do something for her, so we all thought really hard.
Rimi: Back when I had trouble writing the downtown song, Saya-chan was the one who gently encouraged me.
Rimi: So I felt like it was my turn to help her...
Rimi: That was when Arisa-chan suggested writing lyrics.
Marina: That's a very nice idea she came up with.
Rimi: In the end, we were only able to give Saya-chan the unfinished lyrics, but that ended up working out well.
Rimi: It made me realize that even unfinished lyrics can be used to let someone know how you feel as long as you put your feelings into them.
Rimi: I saw Saya-chan after the parent-teacher-student conference, and she seemed to have gotten over the things that had been troubling her.
Marina: I'm guessing all of you girls being at her side and supporting her helped put her mind at ease and let her find an answer she could be satisfied with.
Rimi: Ehehe, it's a bit embarrassing to get so much credit...!
Rimi: But... it would be nice if we actually managed to at least give her some help.
Rimi: I hope I can come up with some great music to go with these precious lyrics that are filled with our feelings.
Marina: So do I! We can't wait either to see how your new song turns out!
Rimi: Me too. Thank you for listening to me today.
