1796_Rimi Ushigome_R5 Reflections of My Heart

Gacha phrase: (That must be why I'm so drawn to the idea.)

<A Show Made Possible by Bonds>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Rimi: I wonder what's taking Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan so long. It's been a while since they said they finished work...
Arisa: Maybe they're passing by somewhere. They did say we should start practicing without them.
Tae: Or they ran into a herd of rabbits.
Arisa: Why would there be a herd of rabbits in the middle of a city?!
Kasumi: Hey, guys~! Sorry for the wait~!
Tae: Ah, there you are. Were the rabbits cute?
Saya: Rabbits...? I have no idea what you're talking about, but we're sorry for being late. We got a sudden message and-
Kasumi: Guys, let's go to Osaka!
Rimi: What?!
Arisa: You just got here... Where'd that come from?! And when you say Osaka, do you mean the Osaka?
Saya: Kasumi. You should probably start from the beginning.
Kasumi: Oh, right! Sorry! Basically~...
Kasumi: We've been invited to be in a music festival in Osaka~!
Tae & Rimi & Arisa: Really~?!
Rimi: So, does that mean we'll be performing in Osaka...?
Tae: Wow! Traveling all the way to Osaka to perform!
Arisa: Th-this is huge... but why us? And who's inviting us anyway?
Saya: Remember the Kansai live house people we met during the Rocking Star Festival?
Rimi: Mm-hmm, I do. They helped us when we streamed our concert, didn't they?
Saya: Yeah. Apparently, they still remembered us as well and asked if we wanted to show up as a guest band at an event they're planning.
Arisa: I see, now I get the picture...
Kasumi: That's why I actually already said yes...
Arisa: You what?! Without even asking us about our plans?!
Saya: Don't worry. They said they wanted to hear our reply once we'd had a chance to talk to all of you first.
Arisa: No kidding...
Rimi: Ahaha... That was so like you, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Aww~, come on, let's go to Osaka~! I wanna go to Osaka with all of you~!
Tae: Me too! Concert and takoyaki!
Rimi: Do you think all of us will be able to go though...? I know we don't have school since it's summer break, but still...
Saya: Well, the festival is on this day... Kasumi and I are free, but what about the rest of you?
Tae: I'm available.
Rimi: If it's on that day, I should be able to go as well.
Kasumi: Arisa? What about you?!
Arisa: Yeah, I guess...
Kasumi: Yay~! We can be in the festival then! It's gonna be our band's first time in Kansai~!
Arisa: ... The things you drag us into~. Well, I'm gonna have to let my grandma know about this later.
Kasumi: Hey, hey! If we are going, I think it'd be cool if we could go sightseeing around Osaka! Do you think we could do, like, two to three days~?
Tae: That'd be awesome! I wanna eat takoyaki every day! Oh, and okonomiyaki and doteyaki stew too.
Arisa: All you're thinking about is eating! Also, what's this about wanting us to spend a few days there?!
Saya: Ahaha. We'll need to look online for a place to stay.
Rimi: Oh, I know. Do you want me to ask my grandmother if we can stay at her place?
Kasumi: That's a great idea! It means we'd get to meet her too!
Saya: Oh, right. You used to live in Osaka, didn't you, Rimi-rin? Does this mean your grandmother's place is also there?
Rimi: Mm-hmm. It's a little ways away from downtown Osaka by train, but my family still visits her every now and then.
Arisa: Huh~, I guess this means you can be our tour guide.
Rimi: Tour guide... Sure. Are there any places you want to visit?
Rimi: If you're interested in famous tourist destinations, there's Osaka Castle and the really big theme park...
Kasumi: Ohh! That sounds like fun! I wanna try out every single ride!
Saya: If memory serves, there's supposed to be a pretty big aquarium, too, right?
Rimi: Yes. I went there when I was little. The first time I saw the whale shark, it scared me so much that I hid behind my sister.
Saya: Fufu, that's so cute.
Tae: I'm also interested in eating okonomiyaki and takoyaki.
Rimi: You'll be able to find them everywhere, but I like the ones my grandmother makes the best~.
Arisa: ... Not trying to rain on your parade or anything, but will two days or so be enough to go to all those places?
Rimi: Ahaha... It might be a bit difficult... Plus, our main goal is the festival.
Rimi: I really hope we can return the favor as much as possible to the people from the live house. They helped us so much during the Rocking Star Festival.
Saya: Yeah, we need to make sure we deliver.
Kasumi: Mmm~, I can't wait~! I'm so excited already! Alright, now that we know we're going, let's start practicing!
Arisa: Hold on. We still have details to work out, like the set list for one.
Saya: Wouldn't it feel really great to just play together while we're this hyped though?
Tae: Yeah, I wanna practice while I'm still on fire inside.
Arisa: ... Alright, fine~.
Rimi: Fufufu, let's start then.


<Finding a New Me>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Phew~, now that reception work has slowed down, let's take a quick break, shall we?
Rimi: Marina-san, {{userName}}, hello.
Marina: Oh, Rimi-chan. Hey. Alone today?
Rimi: Um, I'm not here to practice. I went to Osaka the other day, so I've brought a gift.
Rimi: It's a really fluffy and delicious cheesecake. Please enjoy it with the rest of the staff.
Marina: Wow, thanks! Can't wait~. Did you go with family or the rest of the band?
Rimi: The band. We went to Osaka to participate in a music festival there.
Rimi: It was organized by some people from a Kansai live house that we got to know during the Rocking Star Festival. They invited us as guest performers.
Rimi: Apparently, they still remembered that Kasumi-chan had expressed interest in performing in Kansai.
Marina: In Kansai...? Oh, those people! Wow, it's pretty incredible how you got such an opportunity from something she said back then!
Marina: So? How was the festival?
Rimi: It was super fun and a huge success! Everyone enjoyed the concerts!
Rimi: The concept of the festival was about invigorating the Osaka girls band scene, so many of the bands there were bands that wanted to do their part.
Rimi: We even got to meet some bands that had gotten to know us through our Rocking Star Festival stream, and they wished us good luck.
Marina: I see. That must've been nice.
Rimi: It was! Also, the day before the festival, we went sightseeing around Osaka because Kasumi-chan and everyone said they wanted to get to know the city better.
Rimi: We got to do so much, and it was super fun! I even got to recall so many things about when I used to live there.
Marina: Oh, right, you're from Osaka.
Rimi: Yes. So, instead of famous places, we went to the kind of places I used to hang out at back in middle school... and I got to share my memories of those days with everyone.
Rimi: Doing that helped me realize something too...
Marina: Huh, care to share?
Rimi: I got to see that compared to back then, I've gotten stronger in the sense that I've made progress moving forward...
Rimi: Of course, it's not like I was unaware that I was no longer the same person I used to be.
Rimi: It's just that being in Osaka and remembering how I used to be in middle school kind of drove it home...
Marina: Going back to where you used to live can definitely be a chance to reflect on your past and see how much you've grown.
Rimi: Yes! That's probably why I got to feel as if I'd unlocked a new side of myself during the trip.
Marina: Nice. Sounds like going to Osaka ended up being really worthwhile for you.
Rimi: Ehehe... I'm hoping I get to keep unlocking even more new sides of myself...
Rimi: Oh, I should probably go now. I still have more gifts that I need to give to other people. See you again when I need to practice.
Marina: For sure. Take care.
