1851_Rimi Ushigome_R5 A Little Sign of Fall

Gacha phrase: Aren't you just the perfect color to go with the fall leaves.

<Fall Picnic Pt. 1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Forest Park]

Kasumi: Mmm! The weather's great!
Saya: Yeah. It's a beautiful fall day; the perfect day for a picnic.
Tae: That's because I made loads of teru teru bozu dolls just for today.
Arisa: I didn't know you did that...
Rimi: Ehehe, thanks, O-Tae-chan. I was a little worried that the weather would be bad and we'd have to cancel.
Tae: You're welcome. But Rimi, you sure are carrying a lot.
Rimi: Ah, yes. I wanted to take this and that, and before I knew it, my bag was quite full.
Saya: I see. What exactly did you bring?
Rimi: W-well... snacks, mostly...
Arisa: Wait, this is all snacks? You bought way too-
Rimi: B-but, when I went to buy them, there were so many seasonal ones, and they all looked so delicious...
Rimi: Look, they even had pumpkin and sweet potato flavors of our usual snacks just for fall...!
Rimi: Like pumpkin cookies, sweet potato chips, and this one here is purple yam chocolate...!
Kasumi: Wow! They look yummy! And they're all fall flavors!
Saya: I do hear that those flavors are popular. It's that time of year, so I bet everyone is enjoying them.
Tae: It's the season of snacks.
Kasumi: Ah, hey, hey. How about we spread out our picnic blanket over there? Look, in the shade of those fall leaves!
Saya: Ah, I see where you mean. It looks good. Shall we pick that spot, then?
Saya: I'll spread out the blanket, so give me a hand, guys...
(Black cut)
Saya: Okay, I think we're done. Thanks, everyone. You can sit down now.
Kasumi: Woohoo! I'll take a seat!
Rimi: Me too...! It feels kind of strange to sit on the ground.
Arisa: Yeah, but it's not bad. Anyway, should we do a toast?
Tae: Does everyone have a drink? Alright, here's to today's picnic-
All: Cheers!
Rimi: I bought a lot of snacks, so make sure you eat some...!
Kasumi: Thanks, Rimi-rin! Ah, this looks yummy~!
Tae: Ah, do you want some of what I bought too? Apparently they only sell this at convenience stores.
Saya: Have some of mine too. When I told my dad that we were having a picnic, he told me to bring this.
Saya: Here, it's an assortment of bite-sized bread. There's all sorts, so take whatever you like.
Rimi: Th-there's cornets...! Thank you, Saya-chan, and your dad too...!
Arisa: ...
Arisa: ... I know we're on a picnic, but don't you think this feels the same as when we're chatting and eating snacks together at school?
Kasumi: I guess when you put it that way, it might... But spending time like this chatting over snacks makes me so happy~!
Arisa: ... Right, I guess that's true. Can I try ones of those chocolates too?
Rimi: Fufu. Maybe I'll also have another.
Rimi: Oh...
Saya: Rimi-rin, what's wrong?
Rimi: Ah, well, I was just thinking how nice the breeze feels...
Rimi: And when I looked up, the fall leaves were fluttering in the wind. It looked really beautiful against the blue sky.
Arisa: With a statement like that, it's hard to believe you're the same Rimi who was obsessing over snacks until just a moment ago...
Rimi: I-is that so...?
Rimi: Well, eating a chocolate cornet while looking up at this sky...
Rimi: Mm~...! It kind of makes it taste all the more delicious.
Rimi: Picnics are so much fun.
Arisa: ... Haha, that sounds more like you.
Saya: Yeah, that's our Rimi-rin alright. But that's how she ought to be.
Kasumi: I wanna try it to~! I know, why don't we all eat while looking up at the fall leaves?
Tae: Agreed. And while we're at it, let's toast once again!
All: Cheers!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Fall Picnic Pt. 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Forest Park]

Kasumi: Phew~. We ate so much~!
Arisa: I can't believe we ate everything we bought...
Rimi: Saya-chan, thank you for the bread. Could you thank your dad for us too?
Saya: Yeah, I'll tell him that it made you happy.
Saya: Anyway, what should we do now? We could stay and relax here for a little longer, but...
Tae: I know! Let's go to the Nature Garden.
Rimi: Nature Garden?
Tae: Yeah. It's in the center of this park. They have all sorts of animals there, and you can pet them too.
Kasumi: Wait, that sounds like so much fun! Let's go, let's go!
Arisa: Right. After eating so much, a walk could help with digestion.
Saya: Yeah, I agree.
Tae: Okay, let's go then. It should be over that way...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Forest Park - Nature Garden]

Kasumi: Wow! Penguins! They have penguins!
Arisa: I thought it would be quite small since it's part of the park, but it's surprisingly big.
Saya: Yeah. It looks like there are deer over there. And apparently they used to have an elephant, too.
Tae: I wonder if they have rabbits.
Arisa: You have loads of rabbits at home.
Tae: It's not the same. The rabbits out here are different from the ones at home.
Arisa: R-right...
Rimi: Ah, what could that be...?
Arisa: It seems like you can go inside the enclosure instead of looking in from the outside. Look, some people just came out of it.
Kasumi: Then let's go inside! That means we can see the animals up super close, right?!
Arisa: W-wait! We don't even know what animals are in there!
Rimi: I-it sounds a little scary...
Saya: Ah- Fufu, I think it will be fine.
Tae: Yeah, it will. If something happens, let's all run away together.
Rimi: What...?!
Arisa: Saya, why are you okay with this?
Kasumi: Come on, come on! Look, if you guys aren't gonna go in, I'm going first~!
Arisa: Wh-what was that...?
Kasumi: Ah, I heard something...!
Rimi: Ahh!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: S-squirrels...?!
Arisa: So this is a squirrel enclosure...?
Saya: Yeah, there was a sign outside by the entrance. It said you can get up close and personal with squirrels.
Arisa: So that's why you weren't worried. You should've said so...
Kasumi: Wow! They're so cute! And small! With fluffy tails!
Tae: This one's cheeks are stuffed. I wonder if they're full of snacks.
Rimi: Yes, they're so small and fluffy and cute...
Rimi: Ehehe. Aren't you just the perfect color to go with the fall leaves.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: Fufu, now that I think about it, you and the squirrels kinda look alike, Rimi.
Rimi: What?! Y-you think so...? Did I stuff my cheeks that much?
Tae: No, that's not what I meant. They're small and cute, just like you.
Rimi: Huh...?! R-really...?
Rimi: Hey, Mr. Squirrel. Do you think we look alike?
Squirrel: Squeak.
Kasumi: I bet that means "yes" in squirrel language!
Rimi: Ehehe... Thank you, Mr. Squirrel.
(White cut)
Kasumi: That was so much fun!
Tae: Yeah. There weren't any rabbits, but there were lots of other cute critters.
Saya: We've gone around the whole thing, so should we head out?
Rimi: Okay! ... Oh?
Arisa: What's wrong?
Rimi: There's something in my pocket... It's... a walnut...?
Tae: Ah, maybe it's from that squirrel from before. They must've mistaken you for a fellow squirrel.
Kasumi: You mean it's a gift from a squirrel?!
Rimi: H-huh...?!
Rimi: Ehehe, I see... They left a gift for me.
Arisa: On that sign back there it said that squirrels often hide food in visitors' pockets, but...
Saya: They don't need to know that. And besides, it might really have been a gift.
Arisa: Right.
Rimi: Fufu. Thank you for the gift.
Rimi: I hope to see you again, Mr. Squirrel.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
