2168_Rimi Ushigome_R4 A Watchful Cheer

Gacha phrase: Ehehe... I had some free time, so I came by.

<What I Can Do Right Now>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Eve Wakamiya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Rimi: O-Tae-chan, are you working today too?
Tae: Yeah. I’ve got a studio musician gig today.
Eve: I see! Thanks for your hard work!
Rimi: So that’s why Arisa-chan didn’t come get you today.
Eve: ...? Did Arisa-san start working too?
Tae: Oh, I didn’t tell you, did I? Arisa’s been helping out with a short-term job at the music store.
Eve: I see! That makes sense now! I was wondering why you two kept going home together lately!
Rimi: Fufu, so how’s Arisa-chan doing at work?
Tae: She’s doing great!
Tae: She remembers what I teach her right away, and she does everything I ask really carefully.
Eve: That sounds just like Arisa-san!
Rimi: Fufu, I see... ...That sounds nice.
Tae: Rimi, what’s wrong?
Rimi: No, it’s nothing. I just felt a little jealous, that’s all.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan are working at RiNG today, right?
Rimi: I kinda thought... if I didn’t have cram school, maybe I could’ve worked with you too.
Tae: If there’s a next time, I’ll totally ask you too, Rimi. Let’s do a part-time job together.
Rimi: Yeah! Thanks, O-Tae-chan.
Rimi: Oh, right—Eve-chan, you work with Tsukushi-chan and Tsugumi-chan, don’t you?
Rimi: Is it fun working together with friends like that?
Eve: Yes! Working with Tsugumi-san and Tsukushi-san is always fun!
Eve: We talk about how to brew tea better and come up with ideas together to make customers happy!
Rimi: Everyone’s so amazing... I wish I could do something for them too...
Eve: In that case, I think just going to visit them would be wonderful!
Rimi: R-Really, that’s enough? Wouldn’t I just be in the way instead?
Eve: Not at all! I think just seeing you would cheer everyone up.
Rimi: R-Really...!?
Eve: Yes. When I’m working, classmates or other Pastel＊Palettes members often stop by the café.
Eve: Just seeing their faces gives me a big motivation boost!
Tae: I know what you mean. It’s a nice feeling.
Tae: It kinda feels like when someone you know comes to a live show.
Eve: That’s why if you go see her, I’m sure Arisa-san will cheer up and feel super motivated!
Tae: Yeah, I’m sure it’ll make her happy.
Rimi: Okay, I’ll do it! ...Huh? We’ve been chatting for a while, but... O-Tae-chan, are you okay on time for work?
Tae: Ack! I’m definitely not okay! Sorry, I’ve gotta run!
Eve: Ah! I just remembered I have a photo shoot today! See you tomorrow, Rimi-san!
Rimi: Good luck, you two! See you tomorrow~.
Rimi: Fufu. Maybe I’ll stop by before cram school today.


<A Choice for the Future>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[Shopping Mall]

Rimi: Fufu, I’m glad I got what I wanted today~.
Marina: Oh, hi Rimi-chan.
Rimi: Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Are you out shopping for CiRCLE?
Marina: Yeah. Are you out shopping too, Rimi-chan?
Rimi: Yes, I ran out of notebooks for cram school, so I came to buy some.
Rimi: I was planning to only buy what I needed, but once I started looking around the store, I ended up wanting all sorts of things...
Marina: I get that~. Stationery’s so tempting—once you start looking, you want everything.
Rimi: Yeah, that’s right...! Whenever I think, “Oh, that looks useful~” or “Oh, that’s so cute~,” I can’t help myself... So today I told myself I’d only get what I really needed, but...
Marina: Even so... that’s quite a lot, isn’t it?
Rimi: Ahaha... I guess I used more than I realized. I picked up some erasers and highlighters too.
Marina: That just means you’ve been working really hard at studying!
Rimi: ......
Marina: ? What’s wrong? Is something bothering you?
Rimi: Um... The other day, O-Tae-chan asked me if I could help at her part-time job since they were short-staffed.
Rimi: But I had tests coming up at cram school, so I had to turn her down...
Marina: That can’t really be helped. Didn’t Arisa-chan end up taking it on?
Rimi: Yes, she said she had time since student council duties were on hold.
Rimi: But when I thought about it... it’s really amazing how everyone in Poppin’Party manages to juggle part-time jobs and band practice.
Marina: Hmm~... yeah, working as a student can be a great experience...
Marina: But studying is a big part of being a student too, and being able to focus on that—like you are now—is one of the perks of being a student.
Rimi: Thank you, Marina-san!
Rimi: Still, I think I’d like to try working part-time someday.
Rimi: Like you said, I think it’d be a really valuable experience.
Marina: Yeah, yeah, I think that’s great! Getting to do things like that is one of the perks of being a student!
Marina: By the way, Rimi-chan, is there any kind of part-time job you’d like to try?
Rimi: Um... nothing specific comes to mind right now, but...
Rimi: Working at the music store with O-Tae-chan sounds fun... Or with Kasumi-chan and Saya-chan at RiNG... or even at Yamabuki Bakery...
Rimi: Or maybe something like working at a haunted house during summer?
Marina: Sounds like you’ve got a lot of dream jobs in mind. CiRCLE could be one of your options too, you know.
Rimi: That’s true! Working with you at CiRCLE sounds super fun!
Rimi: They all sound so nice, I just can’t decide!
Marina: Fufu. If you ever feel like working at CiRCLE, just let me know anytime.
Rimi: Okay, thank you so much!
