2299_Rimi Ushigome_R5 A Sunset Glow, Your Radiant Face

Gacha phrase: But... even so, I didn't want to just sit around

<Rimi's Way of Learning English!>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara)

[Riverside]

Rimi: I’m starting to be able to memorize English vocab little by little...
Himari: Rimi~!
Rimi: Ah, Himari-chan!
Himari: Cram school again today?
Rimi: Yeah. I was just about to head out.
Himari: You said you added more classes, right? How’s it going?
Rimi: It’s pretty tough~
Rimi: But I decided I’m going to do my best. And everyone in Poppin'Party’s cheering me on, so I’ve gotta keep at it.
Himari: I see~... Rimi, you’ve changed a little.
Rimi: Huh, really?
Himari: Yeah. Like, you seem more focused than before! Maybe since around when you said you wanted to go to that study abroad fair?
Rimi: Really? Hehe, hearing you say that makes me so happy~
Himari: I mean it, I mean it! Your whole expression’s different!
Himari: So you’ve been studying mostly English? I think you added classes to prepare for an exam, right?
Rimi: Yeah, right now I’m mainly focusing on written stuff, but next I’m planning to take a class that specializes in listening.
Himari: Listening, huh~? It's hard, right? I'm not good at it~...
Rimi: I know! When they talk fast, I can't understand a thing~
Himari: Yeah, yeah! And the grammar's totally different from Japanese, so I can't translate it in my head properly!
Rimi: But if I really do end up studying abroad, I'll have to speak and listen to English every day.
Rimi: So I have to work hard while I can.
Himari: Rimi, you're so dedicated~! I'll be cheering you on too!
Rimi: Thanks, Himari-chan!
Himari: That reminds me... Is there some kind of trick to getting better at English conversation~?
Himari: If you could speak it fluently, it'd be super cool... If only there were some kind of shortcut.
Rimi: Hmm... I heard watching English movies without subtitles is supposed to help.
Himari: Huh~?! That sounds perfect for you, Rimi!
Rimi: Yeah... Actually, I thought so too, so I tried it once...
Rimi: But I couldn't understand anything, so... I guess it was too soon for me...
Himari: Ahh~... I see~
Rimi: But if I keep it up, maybe someday I'll be able to understand it?
Himari: Like, one day you suddenly go, "Whoa, I understand everything!"?
Rimi: I've heard a story like that! Someone who hosts exchange students told me about it.
Rimi: Apparently, one student who came to stay with them barely spoke at all... So they got worried and asked a more experienced host family for advice.
Rimi: And then... they said, "Wait until Christmas."
Himari: What does that mean?
Rimi: If you start studying abroad in September, Christmas is about three months away, right?
Rimi: They said a lot of people suddenly start being able to speak after living overseas for three months... so don't worry, and just keep an eye on them.
Himari: Ahh, I get it~! So that's what they meant~!
Himari: Fufu, "Wait until Christmas," huh. That's such a romantic way to put it♪
Rimi: It is, isn't it~! Maybe I'll try sticking with it a little longer.
Himari: Yeah, yeah! If you keep at it, it'll probably pay off!
Himari: Watching musical movies might help too, don't you think? Songs seem like they'd be easier to take in.
Rimi: Ahh... Musicals, though... Might be a no-go...!
Himari: Huh? Why?
Rimi: Because...
Rimi: I can't help it... I always end up picturing Kaoru-san playing the role...!
Himari: Aah!! I so get that~~~!!
Himari: Like, "If Kaoru-senpai did this scene, it'd be absolutely wonderful~"... You can't help thinking it!
Rimi: I know, I know~! Once that happens, studying's the last thing on your mind...!
Himari: But hey, if you got totally fluent in English, it might come in handy when you go see Kaoru-senpai perform overseas someday, right?
Rimi: Ah!! You're right...!!
Himari: Th-then I need to work even harder at English too!
Rimi: Wah, then let's study together!
Rimi: So someday, we can go see Kaoru-san perform overseas together!
Himari: All right, let's do this~!
Himari: Hey, hey...
Rimi: Hoh~!
Rimi & Himari: ...fufufufu!!


<Wings Sprout from a Push>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: I’ve got the shopping list... Okay. Let’s go, then.
Marina: ...Huh? Wait, is that Rimi-chan having tea over there? Heeey, Rimi-chan!
Rimi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Out by yourself today?
Rimi: Yes. There’s a short-term language class at my cram school.
Marina: I see. Is it different from your usual classes?
Rimi: It is. It’s kind of like... a special course for students who want to study abroad.
Marina: Got it. If you’re planning to study abroad, I bet English can be pretty tough.
Rimi: It is! Ah, but there’s a reason I joined this class...
Rimi: When I went to a study abroad fair the other day, I realized I was being naive...
Rimi: Everyone else had clear goals, but I didn’t have anything like that... And I started wondering... if it was really okay to stay like this...
Marina: Comparing yourself to everyone else can make you feel anxious.
Rimi: Yeah. So I thought I had to do more and take initiative...!
Rimi: I realized I can’t just go overseas without a plan, but... I still don’t want to give up on studying abroad.
Rimi: Even if I still haven’t found my goal, I decided I’ll do what I can right now.
Marina: Yeah, yeah, I think that's really great. Even if you start feeling anxious, it's important to not stop and just keep moving forward.
Rimi: Yes! After the study abroad fair, everyone saw how down I was... so they planned a surprise party to cheer me up.
Rimi: And at the end, they gave me a song they made just for me... Plus, O-Tae-chan wrote the lyrics!
Marina: No way! Fufu, I bet it was a wonderful song.
Rimi: It was suuuper wonderful! When I got to see the lyric notebook, there were marks where she'd rewritten things over and over, and little notes about which words to use...
Rimi: I could really tell she thought about it so hard and put her feelings into it.
Marina: Fufu. Those lyrics must be the crystallization of Tae-chan's feelings.
Rimi: Looking at that made my heart feel warm. I could tell how seriously they were cheering me on...
Rimi: And because everyone gave me that push, I felt like I could work even, even harder.
Marina: Fufu, we'll be cheering you on too.
Rimi: Thank you so much! ...Ah, sorry, you were on your way out, weren't you? I ended up talking your ear off...
Marina: No, no, I was happy to hear all about it. See you later, Rimi-chan.
Rimi: Yes! See you!
