event63-05 Chapter 4: A Fun Time Sorting

Himari plans on selling a lot of clothes, so the girls begin to help her sort them all...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Himari's Room]

Hagumi: Last but not least, it's your turn, Hii-chan!
Eve: Uhm, could it be that suitcase full of stuff over there...?
Rimi: What? You're planning to sell all that...?!
Himari: N-no, no! I just thought I'd put everything in that pile first, even those that are a maybe!
Himari: In addition to clothes, I also have lots of accessories. So while I was... sorting things out, I started getting overwhelmed and didn't know what to do.
Chisato: Why don't we start by categorizing everything first?
Himari: Okay...
Eve: It will be fine, Himari-san! Since we are all working on it together, it will be over before you know it!
Himari: E-Eve-sama, you're a goddess!
Chisato: Fufu. Anyway, should we get started?
(Black cut)

[30 Minutes Later]

Himari: Really? You have a pet dog, Chisato-san~? That's nice~. It sounds picture perfect~. Oh, that skirt can go over here, please!
Chisato: Over here? Okay.
Rimi: Himari-chan! Sorry, but where does this go?
Himari: That can go in the sell pile! Oh! But it's a set with that piece down there, so you can put them together.
Chisato: Phew. I thought we had made progress, but there's still a lot of clothing left.
Eve: Yes. But being able to sort while talking to everyone is actually a lot of fun♪
Hagumi: I think I'm getting the hang of it too!  Hey, Hii-chan! What about this one?
Himari: Wow! That brings back memories~! I really loved that pair of shorts!
Himari: But I feel like I just recently bought a pair that's quite similar. It's fun to think up outfit combinations for it because they match up easily with other clothes~.
Eve: That's true. It looks like it could go well with cute clothes or casual clothes.
Himari: Exactly~! Ah, the pair that Hagu's holding is like that too! They can easily be added to any wardrobe rotation!
Rimi: I see. How about this?
Himari: That's for days you wanna be cute! It's the best for when you want that graceful, flowy look♪
Eve: You're right! I feel like it would look great on Rimi-san♪
Rimi: Huh? I-I wonder about that.
Hagumi: You're right! It totally looks like something Rimi-rin could pull off!
Himari: Why don't you try it on? It'd definitely look great on you~!
Rimi: E-errr... Okay. Then can I try it on later? We still have some sorting to do.
Himari: Of course! Ehehe, I'm looking forward to it~.
Eve: Yes! Me too! Anyway, continuing on... Huh? Didn't we put this item in a pile already?
Hagumi: Did we? But since it's in that huge pile, doesn't it mean that it still needs to be sorted? Hii-chan, do you remember?
Himari: Uhhh, which pile was which again? That should be going to the flea market, but I think there are some items underneath that aren't...
Himari: Maybe we mixed them all up?!
Rimi: R-really?!
Himari: This is for selling... This hasn't been sorted... Eep, I guess we really did mix them up! We're going to have to start all over again~!
Eve: Wh-what should we do...?!
Hagumi: Ngh, I should have paid more attention...
Chisato: ... Goodness gracious. I guess I'll have to step in.
Eve: Ch-Chisato-san?
Chisato: The things from here down are for the flea market. This is for keeping. And that's the mountain of stuff we're still working on.
Chisato: The chatting took priority and something got mixed up along the way. Everything should be back in order now though.
Himari: A-amazing...! Thank you so much!
Chisato: You're welcome.
Chisato: Having said that, it's okay to have fun, but if we get distracted, we're never going to finish. Let's make sure we're working, then we can worry about talking.
Himari: Ngh, sorry... You got it!
Chisato: That's what I want to hear. Anyway, let's get back to work.
Hagumi: Okay~!
Eve: Right away! ... Fufu.
Chisato: ...? What's up, Eve-chan? Why are you smiling so much?
Eve: Sorry about that. Rimi-san said it before, but, Chisato-san, you're really like an older sister. Thinking about that made me happy!
Eve: If I may confess, I have always wanted a sister. And I realized that Chisato-san would be my ideal older sister!
Hagumi: That's right. You're an only child, right, Eve-chin?
Eve: Yes. Plus, Chisato-san is very relaxed today... It feels like we're with the rest of the members of Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Just a bit ago, it felt like you were quite nervous... Or rather, you were overly attentive to everyone around you.
Chisato: I wonder about that. But... I suppose you're right about one thing. It does feel like we're with the rest of Pastel＊Palettes and looking after Aya-chan.
Himari: Oh? Aya-san is usually like this?
Chisato: Yeah. Just like the rest of you, every moment with her is filled with uncertainty and I have to keep an eye on her.
Hagumi: Really?! A while ago, I went to eat at the fast-food place she works at and she worked hard and gave Mii-kun and me super speedy service!
Rimi: Yeah, that's the image I get from her too.
Chisato: Its harder for us to imagine an Aya-chan who has herself together.
Himari: Is that so? Wow! Please, tell us more!
Chisato: Sure. However, it'll have to wait until we're finished.
Eve: Fufu. In that case, let's work a little harder!
