event63-04 Chapter 3: List of Memories

The girls gather everything they plan to sell. With so many memories attached to these items, they quickly go off-topic...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Himari's Room]

Himari: And so like, the treats I bought during that time were so super yummy! I'll bring some to share next time!
Chisato: (Yup, we got lots of snacks and we're chatting away. Just as expected, it feels like we're having a little tea party.)
Chisato: E-errr... Himari-chan. Since we've settled down with some snacks, should we start the main event?
Himari: Huh? Start what main- Oh, right! We're here to check what we'll be selling on flea-market day!
Himari: Sorry about that. I just get caught up once I start chatting.
Himari: Alright! Let's get to it! Rimi, can you start a list?
Rimi: Okay. I can do that, Himari-chan.
Hagumi: Okeydokey! Let me go first!  What I'm planning to sell are these~!
Eve: This here... is a board game?
Hagumi: Uh-huh! It's a game that I used to play with my brother. When I was little, we would play during New Year's and stuff, but lately, we haven't touched it at all.
Hagumi: There are also other things, like water pistols and kendama toys! They were all kept nicely in a box!
Eve: I see that they are toys filled with memories! How very precious!
Himari: I agree. But you're right in that it would've been too few things to sell at a flea market.
Hagumi: Right~? That's why I'm really glad you're all helping out!
Rimi: I hope what I brought will be useful, too.
Eve: Judging from the shape of your bag... That's what you said you'd bring! Stuffed animals, right?
Rimi: Mhm, you got it. I also brought some picture books, too.
Eve: Wow, they are all very lovely.
Eve: But don't underestimate what I brought! Please take a look!
Chisato: Is this... a pennant?
Himari: Oh, and those are chopstick rests! Amazing~! They're so cute~!
Himari: Hey, I want to ask! This... pennant, you say? What is it used for? It's a pretty unique and sturdy piece of cloth.
Eve: It is mostly used to decorate rooms. As a memento!
Eve: I was actually trying to think of other ways to use it, but I could not come up with anything good.
Eve: Though, I thought it might be a good idea to sew them onto a bag or pouch or something...
Himari: Ahaha... That might be better left for the experts...
Chisato: Moving along, should we take a look at what I brought?
Hagumi: Let me see. There's hand cream... and a small box? Is it some type of machine...?
Chisato: This is a portable humidifier. I bought it a while ago but I didn't really get a chance to use it.
Chisato: As for the hand cream, I highly recommend it. I thought that bringing just the humidifier was not enough, so I also brought along some things I had in stock.
Himari: So this is a humidifier! Interesting... Wow, it even says it's good for your skin on the box!
Himari: Maybe I should buy something like this~! It might be good to use after the bath while enjoying some herbal tea♪
Hagumi: How cool! That sounds so fancy!
Himari: Doesn't it totally~?! And when I say bath, I mean a bath with rose petals in the water and jets in it~...
Chisato: Himari-chan.
Himari: Here! Oh... Whoops... Sorry, Chisato-san~.
Rimi: Fufu. Chisato-senpai sort of feels like an older sister right now.
Himari: You're right!
Himari: But my actual older sister is much more terrifying! Just the other day, she got angry at me over how messy my room was~.
Chisato: Oh my. Does that mean I should be a little more terrifying then?
Himari: What?! P-please, give me a break~!
All: Ahahaha!
Himari: Back to the topic, we've sure gathered all sorts of different things. Some quite unique, such as the things Eve-chan brought... Ah!
Rimi: Himari-chan? What's wrong?
Himari: Now that I think about it, Eve-chan and Chisato-san are idols... Don't we need to get permission from the talent agency...?
Eve: Oh! ...N-now that you mention it...! I completely forgot about that.
Chisato: You finally realized, huh? But rest assured, Eve-chan. I've already contacted the agency and got the okay.
Chisato: Fortunately, the flea market will donate all of the money made from the sales and we get no profit from it. So it was easy to get permission.
Chisato: However, we are not allowed to divulge which items are ours. And we can't let people know that we are participating. If we keep to those conditions, we're allowed to be a part of it.
Himari: Th-that's a relief~! But I didn't expect any less from Chisato-san!
Hagumi: I see. That's what it means to be an idol, huh? You have to get permission for things ahead of time. Must be hard for you two.
Eve: Yes. If we don't get permission first, we'll end up causing trouble for the agency.
Eve: But we really got the okay this time? Everyone wasn't caught off guard by the sudden request...?
Chisato: ... Not really. I just explained everything in detail and got the approval without a hitch.
Eve: Is that so? Well, that's a relief!
Chisato: Yeah. So nobody needs to worry at all. We should just keep moving forward!
Himari: Okay! Everyone, let's keep this momentum going! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Eve, Rimi & Hagumi: Hoh~!
