event63-01 Opening: It's Not Enough!

Hagumi has decided to participate in the upcoming flea market as a vendor. There's just one problem...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: I've looked through my closet already and inside my drawers... Where else can I look...?
Himari: Hiya~, Hagu! I'm here to buy some croquettes~.
Hagumi: Uhm... Errr... Ngh~...
Himari: Huh? D-does she not realize I'm here...? Hey~, Hagu~! Croquettes, please!
Hagumi: Whoa! H-Hii-chan?!  When did you get here?!
Himari: Don't give me that! Jeez~!
Himari: Is something the matter though? You don't usually zone out while you're helping out at the store.
Hagumi: Uhh, well... I just had something on my mind.
Himari: Something on your mind?
Hagumi: Yup. Hii-chan, did you know next month there's going to be a flea market downtown?
Himari: Of course! The posters got me interested~!
Himari: If I'm not wrong, they're trying to liven up the downtown area, so they're doing a flea-market event, right?
Hagumi: Yeah, that's right. My dad and the others worked really hard to come up with this plan!
Hagumi: But it doesn't seem like a lot of people are participating. So I decided I'll be opening up a stall...
Himari: Whoa! Hagu, you're going to run a stall?!  That's amazing!
Himari: But then, why is something bothering you? I feel like the Hagu I know would be over the moon about this...
Hagumi: Th-the thing is... I totally don't have enough things to sell~!
Hagumi: I spoke with my brother and most of the stuff we have either aren't in good enough condition to be sold or are still things we use often.
Hagumi: I've looked all over my closet and stuff, but I've only gathered a few items. At this rate, I'm going to have an empty shop~.
Himari: ... How about this, Hagu?
Hagumi: Hmm?
Himari: How would you feel if I joined your stall?
Himari: Truth be told, I've been sorting my closet lately, and I have a whole bunch of clothes!
Himari: I need to get rid of them somehow~, but it'd be such a waste to just throw them away.
Hagumi: R-really?! S-so you'd be okay selling them at the flea market?!
Himari: Yup. I'm the type that takes really good care of my clothes, so I'm pretty sure they're all in tip-top condition! So... what do you think?
Hagumi: Yay~! Of course, you're more than welcome!
Hagumi: I totally want to share a stall with you! It'd absolutely be more fun that way!
Himari: It's settled then! Who else would be interested...? Oh, I know! How about we ask Rimi?
Himari: I think she said she's been a vendor before! It'd be better if we had someone with experience with us♪
Hagumi: Whoa, Rimi-rin's amazing...! Of course we should ask her!
Himari: I'll give her a call right away!  Hmm, let's see... Where's Rimi's number...?
Himari: Oh! Hello, is this Rimi? Are you okay to talk right now?
Rimi: Himari-chan? Mhm, I'm free.
Himari: Rimi, how about joining Hagu and me in opening up a stall at the flea market?
Rimi: What?! The f-flea market? You mean the one that'll be held downtown...?
Himari: Yeah, yeah! I'm actually with Hagu right now and we were talking about setting up a stall together. We were wondering if you'd like to join!
Rimi: Wow...! That sounds like it'd be so much fun! If you're okay with it, I'd love to help.
Himari: Sweet! Rimi said okay!
Himari: Thanks~, Rimi! Okay then, let's see... Tomorrow!  Let's have a meeting about it tomorrow!
Himari: Now that we've decided to take part, we should make it the best stall it can be! That means we need to have a game plan!
Rimi: Fufu. Okay, sure!
Hagumi: It's a yes for me! I don't have to man the store tomorrow!
Himari: That settles it then! Rimi, I'll send you the details once we've figured them out! Talk to you later then!
Himari: Yay~! We got Rimi to join~!
Himari: And all three of us will have a meeting tomorrow! Now... where should we have it...? Oh, how about we meet over food? We can go to the restaurant after school!
Hagumi: Roger that~! I'll rush over right after classes are done!
Himari: I'll let Rimi know the plan.  I'll see you tomorrow then, okay~?
Hagumi: Yup! See you tomorrow!
Hagumi: Phew~! That's a relief! With Hii-chan's help, I think the stall will turn out okay. I'm even getting excited about it!
Hagumi: Ehehe. Tomorrow can't come quick enough~♪
