event63-06 Chapter 5: Leave the Rest to Us!

The girls realize something after making a list of their wares. What's wrong now...?!

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Himari's Room]

Himari: Phew~! We're done~!
Chisato: Great job, everyone. Since we're done writing the list, it'll be much easier managing things now.
Chisato: All that's left is preparing for the big day... But I have to apologize. A work assignment came up last minute for Eve-chan and me.
Chisato: We should be able to make it to the flea market since the filming will only take about a week... But we may not be able to help much before then.
Eve: Unfortunately...
Himari: What?! I was hoping we could all go together to buy the rest of the stuff we need during the weekend.
Rimi: Himari-chan, Hagumi-chan. I... actually have something to do this weekend too...
Himari: You too, Rimi?! Aww... But I guess there's nothing we can do about it.
Hagumi: Yeah. I have practice next week though, so I only have time to prepare during the weekend.
Chisato: I'm really sorry. Well... The filming on those days should be done in the evening, so maybe we can help out after that.
Rimi: But my plans don't start until the afternoon, and they'll probably go until quite late...
Hagumi: So Chisato-senpai and Eve-chin are available at night, but Rimi-rin can't make it then~.
Himari: Hmm, getting everyone together is hard.
Eve: I'm sorry. Himari-san, Hagumi-san.
Chisato: But we still need to go ahead with the preparations... I suppose we can delegate tasks and work separately. Everyone should check their schedules again, then we can-
Hagumi: Nah! It's fine!
Chisato: What do you mean, 'it's fine'? You're not planning on doing all the prep by yourself, are you?
Chisato: You need to acquire the tables for the products, the items for designing the display, and you'll need to put price tags on everything. All that for one person...
Hagumi: It's fine, really! Eve-chin, Chisato-senpai, other than work, you also mentioned you have rehearsals. And Rimi-rin, you have to write music, no?
Hagumi: After seeing Chisato-senpai in action, I kinda have the idea of how to get things done!
Hagumi: So, everyone else, you guys can focus on what you need to do. Leave the rest to me!
Chisato: B-but...
Himari: Hagu~. That should be "leave the rest to Hii-chan and me!"
Hagumi: Hii-chan!
Himari: Besides, I also learned a lot from Chisato-san!
Himari: Plus, we said we'd open this stall together!  So the both of us should get to work!
Hagumi: ...! Yeah! Thanks, Hii-chan!
Himari: And with that, Chisato-san, Eve-chan, Rimi! Just leave all the preparations to the two of us!
Rimi: Himari-chan...
Chisato: ... Right. If you two insist, then we'll leave it in your hands.
Chisato: But, if anything happens, don't hesitate to let us know, okay? I believe we'd still have time to help out at least a bit.
Himari: Okay! Thank you so much!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Himari's Room]

Hagumi: Alright! With this, the items we need to decorate our display are ready to go!
Himari: Since we split up the shopping list, we finished faster than expected. All that's left is putting on the price tags.
Hagumi: With the price tags, we have to put one on every item, right? Hmm... we should probably write the price on the tags and then stick them on?
Himari: Yeah, I think that's the only option here~. We really need to start making the labels now though... I have practice with Afterglow tomorrow.
Hagumi: Ah! Me too! I have Hello, Happy World! rehearsal both tomorrow and the day after!
Himari: Ugh... We're running short on time~.  What should we do~?
Hagumi: Ngh...
Hagumi & Himari: ...
Himari: ... Perhaps just the two of us wasn't enough after all.
Hagumi: Hii-chan...
Himari: ... Hagu... Should we message Chisato-san and the others? They said we can let them know if we need help.
Himari: If we want the flea market to go well, I think that's what we should do.
Hagumi: ... Okay...
Himari: ... I'll contact them then. Even if we can't get everyone together at once, I think getting help here and there will be better than nothing...
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: Hii-chan... Wait!
Himari: Huh?
Hagumi: Don't ask them just yet! I might've just thought of something!
Hagumi: Say, Hii-chan. Do you have any more of those baskets over there?
Himari: Baskets? Oh, the baskets that are used for the drawers? I do. I have some empty ones since I took so many clothes out.
Hagumi: Really?! In that case, I think we'll be fine! We'll be able to finish the prep with just the two of us!
Himari: What?! A-are you sure about that?!
Hagumi: Yup! Just leave it to me!!
