event63-07 Ending: Beautiful Day

The flea market is finally here. Will Hagumi and Himari's hard work pay off...?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Day of the Flea Market]

[Flea Market Venue]

Hagumi: Come one, come all! We got all sorts of adorable items on sale!
Himari: Everything in this basket is only 300 yen! And things in that one are all just 100 yen!
Rimi: Feel free to flip through any of the picture books.  They're all worth taking a look at.
Eve: Three items. All together that will be 500 yen. Thank you so much!
Hagumi: Wow, this is amazing! Customers just keep on coming, Hii-chan!
Himari: Uh-huh! Everyone is having a good time shopping, and they're buying both the clothes and the accessories! I am loving it!
Himari: But since we have so many customers, we can't spare the time to take a break~. The drinks I bought this morning are running out too. This might be a little rough...
Chisato: Hey everyone, I'm here. Sorry I'm late.
Hagumi: Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: Right when I was about to head out, I got a call from the agency and they wanted to discuss my schedule.
Chisato: As an added apology for my tardiness... Here, I brought these!
Rimi: There's tea and coffee in here. And even juice...!
Chisato: There's also onigiri and sandwiches, as well as some sweets. Feel free to have some later.
Chisato: Also, I was thinking we'd probably need more change, so I went and exchanged some just in case. Eve-chan, should I put it here?
Eve: Yes! Thank you so much!
Chisato: Looks like it's really busy. Why don't we rotate so some of you can take a break? Let's start with Himari-chan and Hagumi-chan. Once you're finished with what you're doing now, go rest.
Chisato: After that will be Rimi-chan and Eve-chan. As for me, I can't allow myself to stand out too much, so I won't be yelling out to attract customers... But I can play the role of cashier.
Himari: Chisato-san~! Ohhh, thank you so much!
Hagumi: Once I'm back, I'll take over the cash register!
Eve: Okay! We'll leave it to you, then!
Chisato: And I'll be working hard to make up for being late. With that, everyone, let's persevere to the end!
Rimi & Eve: Yeah!
(Black cut)

[A Few Hours Later]

Rimi: Thank you very much... We did it, guys. That was the last item we had to sell.
Eve: That means we sold everything! That's really amazing!
Chisato: Yeah. I didn't think we'd sell out of everything... At such a fast rate, too.
Himari: We did it, Hagu! Your price-group strategy was a huge success!!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Chisato: Price-group strategy? Are you talking about the containers your clothes were in?
Himari: Yes! We put all the clothes we were selling in baskets and separated them by price!
Himari: That way, we just needed one label. It was Hagu who came up with the idea!
Rimi: Putting huge labels on the baskets made it easier for customers to know the price of things. And everyone had fun looking through the containers to find something they wanted.
Eve: Plus, having a set price for everything made it easier for customers to calculate the total, so the payment process was smooth, too!
Chisato: Fufu. What a great idea you came up with, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Ehehe. It's good that I thought long and hard about it then! But the flea market was only a success because of everyone's help.
Hagumi: Especially Chisato-senpai! You helped out so much, from the application to all the stuff you explained. And we got to take breaks too! I don't think it could've worked without you.
Hagumi: So... here you go! This is a token of appreciation from all of us!
Chisato: Huh? A token of appreciation? Is this... a dog bowl... and a matching mug?
Himari: Bingo~! We have a winner!
Himari: Chisato-san, didn't you mention you have a dog the other day? We found this at that stall over there before the flea market started. We decided  to buy this the moment we saw it!
Eve: The four of us said, "This is it!" Pretty much at the same time! Right, Rimi-san?
Rimi: Mhm. Seeing how excited we were, the shopkeeper even put it aside for us.
Himari: Having said that, rest assured, there are thank-you gifts for everyone else too!
Hagumi: What, really?! I didn't know that!
Himari: Well, obviously. It was a secret~♪ Of course there's one for you too, Hagu!
Himari: Without your brilliant strategy, things wouldn't have gone so smoothly. So I have to show my gratitude.
Hagumi: I get a gift too?! Yay~!
Chisato: Fufu. Thank you, everyone.
Chisato: To be honest, I was really worried when we started out, but spending time with everyone was really fun. I'll make sure to take good care of this dog bowl and mug.
Hagumi: Ehehe. Hey, everyone! Since we still have time left, let's do some browsing!
Eve: That's a great idea! Actually, there were a couple stalls I wanted to check out!
Rimi: Oh, me too! I also wanted to go take a look at that area over there.
Hagumi: Right! Well then, how about we start with the shops Eve-chin wanted to look at?!
Himari: Agreed! Alright, let's go, Chisato-san!
Chisato: W-wait a second! We have to pack and clean up our stall before we go look around...!
Hagumi & Himari: Yay~! Let's go~!
Chisato: Ugh... Come on now! I said we have to clean up first...!
