event63-02 Chapter 1: New Friends

Hagumi tries to prepare for the flea market with Himari and Rimi, but...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Hagumi & Rimi: Sigh~...
Eve: Good morning, Rimi-san! Hagumi-san! What's wrong? Why are you two sighing so much?
Hagumi: Oh, Eve-chin. Morning~.
Rimi: Good morning, Eve-chan. So what happened yesterday was...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Himari: We're about to begin flea-market meeting number one~!
Hagumi: Okay, listen up~! Look, I brought this with me! I was thinking we could fill it out today!
Rimi: This is the vendor application? That's right! We need to apply for a stall before we can do anything else.
Himari: Uhh, okay! First, we'll apply for a stall... Then, we'll need to gather the things we want to sell... I wonder what else we need to do.
Rimi: Hmm... Good question...
Himari: Huh? Rimi, didn't you say you were part of a flea market before?
Rimi: What?! D-did I say something like that?
Rimi: A while back, I went with my friend to a flea market to look around, but I've never participated in one...
Himari: Really?! I totally assumed you had experience with flea markets! I see~. I must have misunderstood.
Rimi: S-sorry! Himari-chan, Hagumi-chan...
Himari: No, no! I should be the one apologizing! But anyway, that would mean we're all doing this for the first time.
Hagumi: It'll be fine! We'll figure it out, no problem! We just need to start with what we can do and go from there!
Himari: Hagu...! Yup. You're right! Let's work on what we can, one step at a time!
Rimi: Okay...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Rimi: ... And that's what happened... But then we realized there's so much to do and we don't know how to get it all done.
Hagumi: Even the vendor application ended up being really confusing and we didn't finish filling it out. Nghhh... I mean what is a stall number and how do we get one...?
Eve: So that's what's going on... That sounds tough.
Eve: There are flea markets in Finland too, but I've never been a part of one... Hmm, I wonder how you should go about this.
Hagumi, Rimi & Eve: Hmmm...
Chisato: Oh, great. You're already at school. Good morning, Eve-chan. And you too, Hagumi-chan, Rimi-chan.
Eve: Chisato-san! What's going on?
Chisato: Here... Didn't you forget this during our practice yesterday?
Eve: My water bottle? I guess I must have left it at the studio. Thank you so much!
Chisato: Well, you did bring me my towel not too long ago, remember? Now, you can say we're even.
Chisato: Enough about that. Did something happen? The three of you look deep in thought...
Rimi: Ah, well... About that...
Eve: Hagumi-san, Rimi-san... and also Himari-san are planning on being a part of the upcoming flea market. But it seems like the preparations are quite taxing.
Eve: I was hoping to help too, but I'm not sure what I can do.
Hagumi: As it stands, we won't even be able to take part in the flea market, let alone make it a success~...
Eve: What?! Hagumi-san, please do not give up yet!
Rimi: But we're not getting anywhere with our preparations right now. If we join, we might just be in the way...
Hagumi, Rimi & Eve: Sigh~...
Chisato: ...
Chisato: ... W-would you... like some help?
Hagumi: Is that okay?!
Chisato: Huh?! Why, of course. Though, I don't really know if I can be of much help.
Chisato: But my schedule is free at the moment, so at the very least, I can help brainstorm.
Hagumi: Yes, please, please, please! That would help so much!!
Rimi: Isn't that great, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: Yeah! So great~!
Eve: Having Chisato-san on the team will be a tremendous advantage! I am sure you will be able to come up with a solution. If I may as well, please allow me to lend a hand!
Chisato: Uhm... Aren't you getting a little overexcited? Like I mentioned earlier, I don't have any experience with this...
Hagumi: Oh, this is great! Yeah! I feel motivated again now that we have so much support! With everyone's help, I'm sure it'll be a success!
Eve: That's right! Let us aim to make our stall popular enough for people to form a huge line!
Rimi: Form a line? ... If we can do that we'd be the talk of the town. We might even get interviewed for a television program.
Hagumi: A television program?! I'll get to be on TV?! Awesome! We're going to be famous!!
Eve: Fufufu. If that's the case, Hagumi-san, Rimi-san, you two may even debut as idols.
Rimi: Huh...?!
Hagumi: Then we'll be the same as you, Eve-chin! Ehehe, this is going to be so much fun!
Chisato: (I know I didn't think too hard about it when I said I would help, but... what did I get myself into...?)
