event63-03 Chapter 2: Plenty of Motivation!

The five girls gather at the restaurant to discuss preparations for their stall...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Restaurant]

Chisato: Alright, shall we get started?
Eve: Yes!
Hagumi, Rimi & Himari: Time for a meeting!
Chisato: First things first, the vendor application form needs to be filled out. If we don't make the deadline, we won't get a space for the flea market.
Hagumi: I've gotcha covered! Ta-da!
Hagumi: I asked my dad for help yesterday! Thanks to him, it's filled out perfectly!
Himari: Oh~! Well done, Hagu!
Eve: I guess with that, we've cleared our first mission!
Chisato: (I was a little worried yesterday, but maybe there was actually no need for me to stick my nose in their business.)
Chisato: So this is the application form for the event. Since all the items have been filled out, there shouldn't be any issues... Ah...
Chisato: (I wouldn't... exactly say this is filled out perfectly.)
Chisato: (A lot of areas have been crossed out and there are several mistakes. It's probably best if we fill out a new sheet... but I'm not sure how to bring it up.)
Himari: Aside from each of us preparing items to sell, all that's left to do is to figure out the logistics of the day of the flea market!
Himari: We'll need a table to put stuff on and a table cloth and such. We'll also need a mat to sit on? Or maybe small chairs would be good, like ones used for camping.
Rimi: Should we also consider what clothes we're going to wear? We should probably wear something easy to move around in, right?
Hagumi: I think we should wear something that stands out! We can attract attention, and more customers would visit our stall!
Eve: Clothes that stand out... Oh! How about wearing mascot costumes?
Rimi: M-mascot costumes?! ?
Himari: What a great idea! We'd totally stand out! Speaking of which, Hagu, weren't you a part of the Fluffy Mascot Competition a while ago?
Hagumi: That's right! I can dress up as Marie! Then, maybe all the other fluffy mascots would come to shop at our stall!
Himari: Marie's that purple rabbit, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! I'll have you know, Marie is ultra adorable! Especially with her cute, fluffy tail that's super soft♪
Chisato: (Oh no, we're getting off topic...! At this rate, we're seriously going to be wearing mascot outfits on the day. I need to intervene somehow...)
Chisato: Say... Hey, everyone. Can I take the floor for a moment? I think I just noticed something.
Eve: ...? What's wrong, Chisato-san?
Chisato: Hagumi-chan, do you by chance have a spare application form?
Hagumi: Yeah! My dad said to bring another one just in case I make any mistakes!
Chisato: That's a relief! You see... you made corrections in several places, right?
Chisato: So, I think it's best if a new application form is filled out.
Hagumi: Now that you mention it, I think he did tell me to fill out the form nicely!
Chisato: Yeah. So you should probably copy this part over as is... And you should write this on the line above instead.
Hagumi: Uhm... So I copy this here... And write this here instead... Okay! I'm done!
Chisato: Next, this part should be copied over too, but the spelling of this word is incorrect. The word should be spelled like this.
Hagumi: Huh? Err... Oops! You're right! I didn't catch that at all!
Hagumi: Okay, so it should be like this, and... Woo! All done! Thanks, Chisato-senpai!
Chisato: You're welcome.
Eve: Now the application form is filled out perfectly!
Chisato: It is. And we still have time until the day of the flea market, so perhaps we should decide on what we're wearing later?
Chisato: Before that, we should check what sort of items we'll be selling and how much stuff we have... I think.
Himari: Ah, true! If we don't have that information, we won't know how many tables and things we'll need.
Chisato: Right. You can't go wrong with deciding on the equipment after you've determined how much stuff you have to sell.
Himari: Hmm, so what we're selling and the amount... I'll pretty much just be selling clothes, but what about you guys?
Hagumi: I have a few toys I want to sell!
Rimi: I was thinking of contributing some stuffed animals and picture books.
Eve: I haven't completely decided yet, but I think it'll probably be some small articles and such...
Chisato: Since we have so many people contributing, it might be good to write down a list to keep track.
Hagumi: Oh, a list? Okay, then let's bring all the items we're planning on selling to one place!
Rimi: But where should we bring them? I don't think the library or a restaurant would be an acceptable place to spread things out...
Himari: That's a good point. Plus, I have a lot of clothes. Bringing it all somewhere is going to be hard.
Himari: Ahh, it would be fun if everyone came over to my house, though~.
Hagumi: Well, why don't we do that then? We can all bring the items to Hii-chan's house! Everyone's okay with that plan, right?
Eve: Yes! I'm very much looking forward to going to Himari-san's home!
Rimi: I'm fine with that, too. What about you, Chisato-senpai?
Chisato: I think it should be fine... But let me check my schedule just in case.
Himari: Okay. Since that's settled, let's gather at my place this weekend!
Hagumi: I'll be on snack duty and bring lots to munch on!
Himari: Oh, in that case, I'll make sure to have lots of drinks prepared♪ Ehehe, this weekend is gonna be so much fun~!
Chisato: ...
Chisato: I don't know why, but I'm starting to have a bad feeling about the weekend.
