event146-04 Chapter 3: Trouble on Location...?

Aya and the others are ready to give their all in a flower-viewing film shoot for a famous program, but something's off...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Morning~! ... Huh? Am I the last one?
Aya: Hina-chan, you barely made it~. I got here an hour ago.
Maya: Ahaha... I think you may have arrived too early, Aya-san...
Eve: I know how she feels though! After all, today is our assignment for "RoyalxHoliday!"
Maya: We're appearing on a show that I've watched on our days off... Oh~, I'm so nervous...!
Chisato: This television show is watched by a broad audience. Those nerves are completely natural.
Aya: We're doing an on-site shoot of a sakura blossom spot with an actress, right?!
Chisato: Correct. It will be Haruka-san. I have co-starred with her once before. She is a candid actress with expert-level acting skills.
Hina: Being able to go flower-viewing while we're working seems like a bonus~!
Chisato: Hina-chan. I might seem harsh, but this will be for work. Please think of that first, and-
Hina: I know~. I won't do anything like last time, so relax~.
Chisato: I see. I am relieved to hear that. Well then, shall we get going?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[On-Location Filming]

[Nature Park]

Aya: Whoa, I had no idea there was a spot for sakura blossoms so close by! Our talent agency is not far from here~!
Haruka: I see. You're all so lucky to have a place like this so close to your agency~.
Chisato: (So far, the on-location filming has been going well. Hina-chan has been reading the situation and is behaving.)
Staff: Now then, Aya-san and Haruka-san, please give us a few words on your thoughts of this spot! First, let's start with Aya-san.
Aya: H-huh, me...?! Um... uhhh... The sakura blossoms are really pretty, and... seeing them made me realize spring is here~!
Haruka: As I am normally busy with work, being able to leisurely enjoy scenery like this is truly relaxing. I almost feel as if I am breathing in spring itself...
Staff: Oh~, now that is a magnificent comment~!
Aya: Wow, what an amazing comment... It would've been nice if I had been able to say something like that...
Haruka: That's not true. Your comment was very lovely, Aya-chan.
Aya: Thank you very much!
Staff: Now then. Next, please try ad-libbing a drama scene with the sakura blossoms in the background.
Chisato: Ahh, in that case I will-
Staff: Oh, no! We'd like to ask for Aya-san and Haruka-san to handle it!
Chisato: I-is that so...?
Aya: Huh? I'm not very confident though~...!
Eve: ...? Why are they having Aya-san do it instead of Chisato-san...?
Maya: Hm... The staff member may have something in mind...
Chisato: ...
(Black cut)
Haruka: So... Aya-chan. I want you to wait for me here. Then I will know this is a place I can come home to.
Aya: O-okay...! I'll wait for you to come buck... Ah.
Staff: Okay, cut! Wow, what great footage!
Aya: Huh...? I just fumbled my words, so shouldn't we do a retake...?
Staff: I think this is good, as it has its own charm!
Aya: O-okay...
Staff: By the way, do you know what biological family sakura blossoms are in?
Aya: U-umm... sakura blossoms... are in the...
Aya: ... Sakura blossom family?
Haruka: Sakura blossoms are part of the rose family, right?
Staff: Well done! Just as expected from Haruka-san!
Haruka: You just told me that a moment ago... didn't you?
Staff: Ah, let's not worry about that!
Maya: U-um, Chisato-san... There's something I'm a little concerned about...
Chisato: Yes, I'm thinking the same thing.
Chisato: The main focus of this on-location filming is Haruka-san. It would seem we were invited to act as her foil.
Maya: I thought as much...
Eve: Also, does it not seem like they have only been filming when Aya-san makes a mistake...?
Chisato: Yes. I believe their plan is to record comical footage of Aya-chan to accentuate Haruka-san.
Chisato: You could say they chose that filming style precisely because they know how Aya-chan is...
Eve: I feel sorry for Aya-san...
Chisato, Hina, Eve & Maya: ...
Hina: ... This doesn't feel very boppin'~.
Chisato: Hina-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
