event146-03 Chapter 2: Pastel＊Palettes' Future

After being asked what kind of idols she wants to be, Hina begins to think...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Hina: ...
Eve: Hina-san seems to have been thinking about something for some time now.
Maya: I wonder if she's worried about what Chisato-san told her...
Aya: Hina-chan...
Hina: ...
Aya: Cheer up, Hina-chan. Everyone makes mistakes, so you don't have to feel so down.
Hina: Huh? Mistakes?
Aya: I'm not proud of it, but I make mistakes a lot, so I know how you feel. If there's anything you want to talk about, you can always come to me for advice...
Hina: Huh? Advice?  From you? ... Why?
Aya: Huh? Um... I thought you might be worried about what Chisato-chan told you...
Hina: I'm not. I was just thinking about it.
Hina: What do I want Pastel＊Palettes to be? What kind of idol do I want to be?
Hina: After being asked that, I realized I hadn't really thought about it until now.
Eve: So that is why you have been absent-minded this whole time.
Hina: Well, I guess so~. Still, Chisato-chan was pretty angry today, huh?
Hina: It's rare for her to show that much emotion.
Maya: Isn't that probably because Pastel＊Palettes' circumstances are changing?
Hina: Huh? What do you mean?
Maya: Well, Aya-san and Chisato-san have made appearances in a television drama, and Eve-san's radio show has started as well.
Maya: And the other day, All Fun and Games had its broadcast period extended.
Aya: Also, Maya-chan's column is going to come out as a book soon!
Maya: Huhehe... Th-thank you.
Maya: How do I put this...? I think that's why Chisato-san is so worried.
Maya: We're getting more types of assignments now, so we have to think about how we're seen by people that don't know us.
Eve: I see! I understand completely!
Maya: Not to mention, all the staff members we interact with at work won't always be people that know us.
Aya: She has a point. If we leave a bad impression in the beginning, we might not get work after that...
Hina: Hm, so that's what it is...
Hina: Does that mean Chisato-chan was right about playing the role being asked of us?
Hina: That doesn't feel boppin' at all though. And if that's the case, the ones they hire don't necessarily need to be us, right?
Aya: Th-that's true, but...
Hina: Boring things are boring, and terrible-tasting food tastes terrible.
Hina: Wouldn't it be lying to say something tastes good when it doesn't? Are we supposed to lie if we're asked to?
Hina: Hm, that doesn't feel very boppin'.
Eve: That certainly is not in line with bushido!
Maya: No, I think Chisato-san was trying to ask you what you want to value.
Maya: How do you want Pastel＊Palettes to be in the future...? And what kind of idols do you want to be...?
Maya: In other words... You should act with that in mind.
Hina: I see. I feel like I kinda understand, but kinda don't...
Hina: Hm... Ah, by the way, what about all of you? Do you guys already have something in mind?
Aya: Of course! I...
Hina: Want to be an idol that gives people dreams! Right?
Aya: Huh? Wh-why did you say it before I could~?
Hina: Ahaha! I mean, you're always talking about it, Aya-chan. I'm pretty sure I've got it memorized.
Maya: I suppose... I want to be an idol that is true to herself and can give courage to others.
Maya: I may still be inexperienced, but I do think I am consciously trying to be that kind of idol.
Hina: Oh, so that's how it is for you. Okay, what about you, Eve-chan?
Eve: My goal is of course for Pastel＊Palettes to be idols that can conquer the world!
Eve: I believe that if I have a true and unwavering spirit of bushido, that dream will come true!
Hina: I don't really get it, but... yours seems the most interesting, Eve-chan!
Maya: A-ahaha...
Aya: In any case, it would be great if we got everyone in Japan to know about us.
Maya: What kind of idol do you want to be, Hina-san?
Hina: Like I said, I'm still thinking about it. I can't really come up with an answer, so I don't know.
Hina: But, well, in the end, being able to enjoy things I don't understand is what makes me who I am!
Maya: Right. I hope that you find a boppin' answer that suits you, Hina-san♪
Hina: Ahaha! Thanks!
