event146-06 Chapter 5: Show Them What We Got!

Pastel＊Palettes decides to do things their way. What will happen once filming resumes...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After Resuming On-Location Filming]

[Nature Park]

Chisato: The sakura blossoms blooming in this area appear to be a different variety than the previous ones.
Aya: Ah, these are called weeping sakura blossoms! Yoshino sakura blossoms are pretty, but this variety has a nice sense of elegance!
Staff: Oh, now then, I'd like to stop here and give a quiz to Aya-san and Haruka-san about songs related to sakura blossoms-
Hina: Ah, by the way, is anyone else hungry? We've been walking the whole time, so I'd like to have something to eat~!
Chisato: In that case, I believe there is a shop nearby that sells delicious seasonal crepes.
Haruka: Ah, I love crepes. I might like to try one.
Chisato: I am certain that you will also take a liking to them, Haruka-san. They also look very nice as well. Isn't that right, Aya-chan?
Aya: Yeah!
Chisato: Didn't you upload pictures of them online?
Aya: Ah, that's right! They're these ones right here...
Haruka: Wow, they look so good! Aya-chan, you're really good at taking photos.
Eve: Yes, Aya-san is very skilled at taking food pictures and selfies!
Haruka: Fufu. After seeing those, I've gotten hungry as well. Would it be okay for us to drop by there for a little bit?
Staff: Ah, in that case, after the quiz, we can-
Hina: Weren't those crepes only available in a limited quantity?
Chisato: Yes, if we do not hurry there, they may be sold out. It is a shame, but the crepes will have to wait until another ti-
Staff: I-in that case, why don't we head there first?! The quiz can wait until after!
Maya: (That was masterful guidance, Chisato-san! In the process of introducing Aya-san's hobby, we drew Haruka-san's interest...)
Maya: (And with a few words from Hina-san, we managed to avoid the staff member's attempts to proceed with the quiz...)
Maya: (Chisato-san and the others said they would take control once the on-location filming started again, but... this is even better than I imagined!)
Hina: Maya-chan! If we don't hurry, they'll be sold out~!
Maya: Ah! I-I'm sorry! Let's go!
Maya: (I simply cannot miss any developments after this!)
(Black cut)
Haruka: That crepe was very delicious. I'm so glad that you introduced me to them~!
Maya: (We were able to please Haruka-san, and Chisato-san easily handled the food reporting... Even the staff member was pleased they were able to secure usable footage...)
Chisato: Fufu. I'm pleased you liked it. Next is-
Staff: That would be this picture postcard workshop. Everyone, please draw some lovely sakura blossom illustrations for us.
Aya: Ngh... I can't draw all that well~...
Staff: Aya-san, could we see your work for-
Hina: Ah, first, take a look at mine! C'mon, you too, Haruka-chan!
Haruka: Wow! Your picture is so well done, Hina-chan! I wouldn't be surprised if it was sold in a store.
Hina: I know, right?! Who else is drawing an interesting-looking picture...? Ah, Eve-chan!
Chisato: Eve-chan's picture... Is this a samurai under a flurry of falling sakura blossoms?
Eve: Yes! Both sakura blossoms and samurai are the heart of Japan!
Haruka: Fufu. You're so interesting, Eve-chan~. Do you like samurai?
Chisato: Eve-chan is also a fan of period dramas and watches them often.
Eve: Yes. I recently saw the production where you played the leading role! It was quite entertaining!
Haruka: Really?! I'm so glad to hear that~!
Chisato: If I'm not mistaken, the sequel will be airing soon, will it not?
Haruka: Right! I would love it if you watched the sequel as well~.
Eve: Of course!
Hina: Now then, let's take a look at Chisato-chan's picture!
Chisato: Huh?! We don't need to show mine, do we...?
Maya: (Hina-san avoided the flow of showing Aya-san's picture by showing her own, and smoothly brought the conversation to Eve-san.)
Maya: (Chisato-san followed her lead to introduce Eve-san and then provided a promo for Haruka-san's TV drama... Bravo!)
Maya: (It seems even Chisato-san did not expect the final twist, but... We're getting the staff member's attention, so it turned out all right!)
Hina: Sigh~, Chisato-chan's picture was so interesting~. Maya-chan, what did you draw~?
Maya: Ah, I-
Maya: (Oh, that was close. I can't just observe the two of them. As a  member of Pastel＊Palettes, I have to show off our charms as well!)
(Black cut)
Staff: Last will be a special quiz. If you get the answer right, all of you will be provided with an ultra-luxurious dinner after this!
Aya: Hear that? An ultra-luxurious dinner! We have to pass this quiz!
Staff: But only one person can answer the final question! So please decide which one of you will be answering!
Chisato: Only one of us... That is quite the responsibility...
Hina: Oh, oh! Give us a hint first! If you don't, we can't decide who to choose!
Staff: A h-hint...? Very well... but only one. It's a quiz on waka poems associated with sakura blossoms!
Aya: Waka poems?!
Eve: Ah, if I remember correctly, Aya-san has some previous experience in that area...
Maya: Right! She created a guidebook of sakura blossom-themed waka and tanka poems for our previous flower-viewing, so she should be knowledgeable!
Aya: Yeah! I'm confident I can handle this!
Hina: Then shouldn't Aya-chan be the one to answer?
Chisato: Indeed. Thanks to you, Haruka-san, we very much enjoyed today's on-location filming. So please allow our leader to present you with a wonderful dinner!
Haruka: Fufu. Well then, I guess I'll look forward to that. Aya-chan, can we count on you?
Aya: Okay, leave it to me!
Eve: Aya-san, please do your best!
Maya: (I'm sure the staff member definitely wanted to pose the question to Haruka-san...)
Maya: (But thanks to Hina-san and Chisato-san, before they knew it, it became a way to highlight Aya-san!)
Maya: (If Aya-san gets this right, it should dispel the impression of her always making mistakes...!)
Staff: W-well then, let us ask Aya-san! Here is the question...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
