event146-05 Chapter 4: More Like Me

The girls are upset by the role they're meant to play for the program. How will Hina respond...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[On Break]

[Nature Park]

Chisato: Hina-chan... Please refrain from saying what you just said. You assured me you would behave today, did you not?
Hina: Awww, but this isn't any fun at all. It's just a loop of Aya-chan failing and the actress succeeding.
Eve: I-I also agree with Hina-san! This is not right!
Chisato: Eve-chan, even you are siding with her...?
Eve: I understand that we are not the stars for today's on-location filming, but it is somewhat frustrating to have our reputation be spread this way...
Maya: E-Eve-san... Let's calm down a little.
Aya: Y-yeah! It's okay. I'm totally fine!
Hina: Hm, It feels pretty obvious that you're pushing yourself though. Chisato-chan, do you think this is okay?
Chisato: ... Depending on how you interpret it, I believe this situation could be beneficial.
Chisato: Aya-chan will leave an impression by drawing attention at pivotal points. That should provide opportunities for people to remember us.
Chisato: Furthermore, this is work. As professionals, I believe we should devote ourselves only to the role we have been given.
Hina: That's what we should do, huh? What about you, Maya-chan? Are you okay with this on-site shoot?
Maya: ... No, I'm not. But-
Hina: Then let's do things our way!
Hina: I don't really have an idea of what kind of idol I want to be yet, but...
Hina: At the very least, I know this isn't the kind of idol I want to be.
Hina: I mean, none of you seem to be having fun at all, and I'm not having any fun either!
Hina: We do boppin' work, and everyone that sees that will feel boppin'♪ Wouldn't it be boring if we weren't idols like that?
Aya: Hina-chan...
Hina: So let's work together to make this un-boppin' on-site shoot more boppin'♪
Maya: Do you mean, instead of fitting ourselves into a mold created by our surroundings, we make our surroundings fit into a mold we make...?
Hina: Yeah! That's it!
Hina: I mean, doing it that way would be more boppin'♪
Chisato: ...
Hina: At times like this, I think it would be more boppin' to think of what we want to do rather than what we should do♪
Chisato: What we want to do... rather than what we should do...?
Hina: If we want to make the people watching feel boppin', then we need to feel boppin' first♪
Chisato: (So that is Hina-chan's answer... That is what idols are to her...)
Eve: I-I want everyone to see us in a more enjoyable state!
Maya: Me too... At this rate, I don't think we will be able to properly convey our charm as a band!
Aya: Same here... I'm happy that I can be filmed, but I want people to know more about the Pastel＊Palettes! I mean, I know we can do more than this!
Chisato: ... You all seem to have been influenced by Hina-chan. Don't you think you are being too self-indulgent?
Aya: Ch-Chisato-chan...
Chisato: There will be many assignments like this in the future where we will have to play the foil for someone else...
Chisato: Some will be joint appearances with performers with long careers, and others will involve plans from large agencies...
Chisato: Some day, we will need to abide by their authority...
Maya: Th-that's...
Chisato: ... However.
Chisato: That is not today.
Aya, Hina, Eve & Maya: ...!
Chisato: Even if we continue following the staff member's instructions, we can only leave an impression that has already been established for us.
Chisato: What's more, it will be in a format that we do not want.
Chisato: Looking at the long term, this inconsistency in our image will one day have a bad influence on our activities.
Chisato: Before that happens, it would be best to leave behind something in a manner we choose. Thinking of our future, that is what should be done...
Chisato: ... No. That is what I personally want to do.
Hina: Nice! Chisato-chan, you're starting to feel boppin' too♪
Chisato: Not to mention, there have been multiple times during the filming where the flow of things has been forcibly changed on us.
Chisato: Fufu. I am not someone that likes being controlled by others in the first place.
Maya: Chisato-san... Your smile is somewhat frightening...
Aya: Eep...
Hina: Nice, nice~! That's the Chisato-chan that I wanted to see!
Chisato: Well, that is a relief... Oh my, it seems our break is nearly over.
Hina: Okay then, everyone. Let's make this a more boppin' job during the second half♪
Aya, Maya & Eve: Yeah! Okay!
