event146-01 Opening: No Restraint

Pastel＊Palettes is filming a food report at a cake shop. Suddenly, something unexpected happens...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Now then, continuing our collection of must-eat spring sweets, we will now present the long-awaited number one spot!
Eve: The crepes at number two and the daifuku at number three were both really delicious!
Chisato: Fufu, right. It's a shame that you can only enjoy them for a limited time.
Maya: Oh? Can you smell something sweet...? Could this be...?
Hina: Ah~, it might be that red brick shop over there! That has a real cake shop feel to it!
Aya: H-Hina-chan...! That's not it. The shop we're going to is the one next to it...
Hina: Ah, I see. It's that plain-looking shop over there. Sorry, I got confused.
Aya: U-um, getting back on track! Chosen for the number one spot is the Spring in Full Bloom Roll Cake from Patisserie Tomo!
Chisato: From what we've been told, Patisserie Tomo's manager spent ten years training in France before opening this shop.
Eve: Training for ten years... That is wonderful! I can feel their sense of bushido!
Hina: Since it's France, wouldn't they be more about knighthood?
Maya: U-um... Now then! We will be trying the Spring in Full Bloom Roll Cake in their café space!
Aya: Mhm! I've been waiting for this! Now then, please excuse us!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Patisserie Tomo - Café Space]

Eve: There were a lot of delicious-looking cakes in the showcase! I was so captivated by them...
Aya: Yeah, really~. The chocolate cake looked especially good!
Chisato: And the one to beat out those delicious cakes for the grand seat of number one is this Spring in Full Bloom Roll Cake.
Aya: Wow~, this is amazing~! Look, look! The cream filling is shaped like a sakura blossom.
Maya: Just looking at it makes it feel like spring!
Hina: Hm? But isn't the sakura blossom a little crooked?
Chisato: D-do you think so...?
Hina: Yeah, it is. This area right here looks kinda bent. Hey, Aya-chan, it's crooked, right?
Aya: I-I can't really tell, but... even with it like that... don't you think it's not bad?
Hina: I see! It's so interesting that the cakes are so stylish but the inner design is wobbly! Now that you mention it, it's starting to feel boppin'♪
Chisato: Um... The sponge cake section is also very pretty. The pink coloring makes me think of spring scenery and-
Hina: This probably has red food coloring in it, huh? It's amazing that red food coloring makes this kind of color.
Maya: H-Hina-san...
Chisato: N-now then, sorry to have kept you all waiting! It is now time for us to try it.
Aya: Yay! Let's eat it right away~! Otherwise my tummy might start growling~.
Chisato: It looks like the cream filling has five varieties of spring fruits in it, including strawberries and mangoes.
Eve: I cannot wait any longer either! Let us enjoy them together!
Aya: Right! Now then, everyone say it with me...
All: Thank you for the cake!
All: Chomp...
Maya: ... Hm?
Aya: H-huh...?
Chisato: (What is this...? The inner cream is gooey and has no flavor... And yet the cake is so dry...)
Hina: Whoa~, this is terrible~.
Aya, Eve, Chisato & Maya: ...?!
Chisato: H-hey, Hina-chan...!
Hina: I don't really like this flavor. Weren't the number two crepes better than this? I think I'll have to pass on this one.
Aya: H-Hina-chan! I-if you can't eat yours, do you want me to have it?! I really like its flavor!
Hina: Oh, you shouldn't push yourself. This really isn't very good.
Eve: Hina-san, it is very rude to say such things! No matter how bad it might be, the person who made it is standing right here!
Maya: E-Eve-san, you're also being rude... Let's all calm down.
Chisato: ...
Aya: Y-yay! I get to have Hina-chan's share too!
Aya: M-mmm. It's so good♪ The cream has a modest sweetness...
Aya: I... I could eat a whole bunch of... Urk...! Cough, cough!
Hina: Awww, and I even warned you~.
Eve: A-Aya-san! Are you all right?!
Aya: Ngh... Ah, that was so good~...
Chisato: I'm sorry... Could we stop the camera for a moment...?
