event146-07 Ending: Idols of Expanding Horizons

The girls finishing the film shoot without incident. Later, they meet up at the talent agency to look back on the program.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Hina: Ahaha, no matter how many times I see it, I really have to give it to Aya-chan for getting that question wrong~!
Aya: Ngh... Hina-chan... Stop watching that broadcast in front of me~...
Maya: That was quite unexpected...
Hina: Not meeting everyone's expectations under those circumstances was a total Aya-chan thing to pull off~!
Chisato: In a sense, you could call it a skill of hers.
Aya: Even you're laughing at me, Chisato-chan?!
Eve: But the response from viewers was very positive! Even Haruka-san said on an online post that she had fun!
Chisato: True. The show's staff also said that they'd like us to appear again if we have the chance.
Maya: They said they might invite us individually next time, didn't they?
Aya: Fufu. In other words, everyone's charms got through to them properly!
Hina: Well, after seeing that, it's no wonder that the staff member's attention was drawn to Aya-chan's comical nature~!
Chisato: Yes. I suppose that means that Aya-chan's potential exceeded even our expectations.
Aya: N-no more talking about this subject, okay?!
Chisato: Fufu. Why don't we leave teasing Aya-chan at that for now?
Chisato: Speaking of which, Hina-chan, have you discovered the type of idol that you want to be?
Hina: Nope, not at all. I thought about it, but nothing really clicked~.
Chisato: I see. Well, I discovered the type of idol that I would like for you to be.
Hina: Huh? Really?! Tell me, tell me!
Chisato: You told us that we should make the program more in line with ourselves, rather than following the intentions of the staff, correct?
Chisato: Being able to proceed in the direction you want without just accepting what you are given...
Chisato: Hina-chan, that is your strength, and it will prove useful for surviving in the entertainment industry.
Eve: I know what you mean! Hina-san's words at that time were very heartening!
Chisato: From now on, in order for us to be able to shine as Pastel＊Palettes...
Chisato: I would like Hina-chan to be an idol that expands our borders.
Hina: I see~. So that's the kind of idol you're expecting from me~.
Hina: ... Okay! Then I'll make that the kind of idol I want to be!
Maya: Huh?! Is it okay for you to decide it like that?
Aya: Th-that's right~! You should be the one to decide stuff like this...
Chisato: This is merely what I wish of you, Hina-chan. I believe you already know this, but there is no need for you to conform to it.
Hina: Yeah, I know! If I wasn't convinced, I wouldn't be saying this!
Hina: But hearing what you said made me feel boppin'♪
Hina: So I think that's okay for now!
Chisato: As long as you're fine with it, then I have no objections...
Eve: Still, I think that making the decision based on whether you felt boppin' or not is very much like you, Hina-san♪
Maya: Ahaha, right. We can also relax if you're going to be that informal about it.
Aya: Still... the second half of the TV show was amazing. It felt like everything was under Hina-chan's and Chisato-chan's control...
Eve: I know what you mean! It felt like the on-location filming proceeded according to Hina-san's ad-libbing and Chisato-san's script...
Maya: You two don't normally join forces. I felt like I caught a glimpse of your true potentials...
Hina: Ahaha! Hear that, Chisato-chan?! They've got some real expectations for us. Wanna keep at it for our next assignment?
Chisato: Fufu. Well, if our teamwork becomes necessary again, perhaps I shall give it some thought.
Maya: I hope that it won't be...
Aya: Ahaha...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
