event146-02 Chapter 1: An Idol's Job

Chisato warns Hina about her rude remarks when filming on location. However, Hina doesn't seem to see the problem...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Hina-chan...! What was the meaning of yesterday's on-location filming?!
Hina: ... Huh? What do you mean?
Chisato: Don't give me that... I am asking for an explanation for what you did...!
Hina: Huh? Did I do something?
Maya: If I had to say one way or the other, I think you did quite a bit...
Aya: Yesterday was really tough~...
Chisato: I have a lot that I would like to say to you, but the biggest problem was you calling the shop's product not very good.
Chisato: While it is fortunate that we were just recording, had that been a live broadcast, it would have been a serious problem.
Hina: Huh? Really...? It's lucky it was a recording then, huh?
Chisato: Do not try to pass this off as if it doesn't concern you... I am cautioning you about your own actions.
Hina: Well, I mean, it really was terrible~.
Eve: One of the shop trainees said they had made that cake as practice.
Eve: While it looked very delicious, I was astonished by its taste...
Hina: It was brought out by mistake, so we can't help that things turned out that way.
Chisato: I do agree that was their mistake. Following that, we were able to retake the footage with the real cake, so we avoided any serious incidents...
Chisato: However. Hina-chan, your attitude yesterday was unacceptable for our line of work...!
Hina: ...?
Chisato: The work tasked to us was introducing shops and products. We absolutely cannot say anything that would ruin their reputations.
Chisato: Even if the cake we are served does not taste good, it is our role to smile and say that it does.
Chisato: Program productions are backed by sponsors. You need to properly understand that, as well as the role that is being asked of us.
Aya: Chisato-chan's right. What you did yesterday was wrong, Hina-chan.
Eve: Saying it is not good is definitely not allowed! It is rude to the person who made it!
Chisato: Aya-chan, Eve-chan, this applies to both of you as well...
Eve & Aya: ...?!
Chisato: Eve-chan, you should have chosen your words more carefully. While trying to stop Hina-chan was the right thing to do, the way you phrased it did not help.
Chisato: If anything, it further confirmed that the cake really wasn't good.
Eve: Ngh... I am sorry.
Chisato: And Aya-chan... I do value your effort to do your best until the end.
Chisato: However, no one would believe you thought it was delicious with those tears in your eyes, would they?
Aya: Ngh... I'm really sorry...
Maya: N-now now, Chisato-san... Things may not have gone well, but the two of them tried their best...
Hina: That's right. It's already over and done with, so let's let them off the hook.
Chisato: ...?! You are the one I am most cross with, Hina-chan...!
Chisato: To begin with, I have been cautioning you for some time now. You are far too blunt!
Hina: Huh? You think so?
Chisato: During concerts and talk shows, you often ignore the flow of the event to bring up topics you wish to talk about.
Aya: During that one magazine interview, she asked the interviewer why they asked a question, didn't she...?
Eve: It confused the interviewer...
Maya: There was also one time where one of Hina-san's blog posts nearly became a problem, wasn't there...?
Aya: That was the one where she said she went to see a movie, but it wasn't interesting, right...? Luckily, we were able to stop her before she uploaded it...
Hina: I thought that post came out really interesting though.
Chisato: It obviously did not...! Pastel＊Palettes would no longer receive offers for movies...!
Chisato: In the entertainment industry, even a single mistake is fatal. You should be well aware of that, Hina-chan.
Hina: But doing things according to the script isn't very interesting, and if we're going to do something, it might as well be fun, right?
Chisato: Sigh...
Chisato: Tell me something, Hina-chan... I have been meaning to ask you this for some time now, but what is your opinion of idol work?
Hina: Idol work...? Hm, I guess it's kinda interesting.
Hina: I can do a lot of things that I normally can't, and there's a lot of boppin' stuff as well, so I really like it♪
Chisato: ... I see. So that's what it means to you.
Chisato: Still, I would like you to think a bit more about what kind of idols you want Pastel＊Palettes to be, as well as about what kind of idol you want to be...
Chisato: Accidents like this will not be tolerated during the next large upcoming assignment.
Chisato: You need to be more conscious... Particularly of what will benefit Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: What'll benefit Pastel＊Palettes...?
Hina: Hm... Okay. I like our band too, so if that will help us, I'll think about it.
Chisato: I'm happy to hear it.
Chisato: You all have a lesson after this, correct? I cannot participate because of work, but please do your best.
Aya: Okay. Good luck with your work, Chisato-chan!
Maya: We'll make sure to rehearse enough for your share, Chisato-san!
Eve: Be careful on your way there!
Hina: ...
Hina: (What kind of idol I want to be, huh...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
