event258-02 Chapter 1: The Shortness Of The Day

Ran is working hard on her flower arrangement in between band practice. Ran's father sees this and...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Mitake Residence]

Disciple: -- Then, I'll take my leave. Thank you very much.
Ran: Thank you for your hard work.
Ran: ... Phew.
Ran's Father: You've been busy lately.
Ran: Well, yeah... Oh, right. I need to talk to you about something.
Ran's Father: What's up?
Ran: I'm looking to get a little more band practice time this week... I'm going to be home late... is that okay?
Ran's Father: I see. Okay.
Ran: ...! Thanks.
Ran: I'll quit the band after the finals. Then I'll just focus on flower arrangement.
Ran's Father: Only flower arrangement, huh?
Ran: What...?
Ran's Father: There were several choices, but you chose to focus only on flower arrangement. It seems like a decision you'd make. But do you know why you managed to make that choice?
Ran: It's because ...... I've decided to face flower arrangement more properly than ever before, isn't it?
Ran's Father: The reason you were able to make that decision is because you're still in an environment where you can make other choices at any time.
Ran's Father: Even if you quit the band, your relationship with Moca-chan and the others won't get worse. If you have any problems, they will listen to you.
Ran's Father: There is always a place and people to come back to... That's why you made the choice to do only flower arrangement, isn't it?
Ran: ...!
Ran: But I've decided to do only flower arrangement...
Ran's Father: I know that. I'm not trying to undermine that determination. But you should take care of your friends. You shouldn't take it for granted that you have a place you can always go back to.
Ran's Father: Understand that and be grateful for it.
Ran: ... I know.
Ran's Father: As for taking time off to practice with the band, that's fine. It's your last time, so do it right.
Ran: ... Yes.
Ran: (I thought if I could eliminate my escape route, change the environment in which I was pampered and focus solely on flower arrangement, I'd be able to create something good...)
Ran: (I wonder if the path I chose was something I could've chosen only because I was pampered by everyone else.)
Ran: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Himari: Hmmm... No matter how many times I review our schedule... I guess I can't get any more practice time.
Tomoe: We've increased it a little more than originally planned, but it's still not enough.
Himari: What should we do? What if the day of the finals comes just like this...?
Himari: We haven't found anything yet.
Himari: We won't come to an end... just like this, will we?
Tomoe: It's okay.  It's going to be okay, I'm sure.
Himari: Yeah. ... sorry! Now is not the time to be depressed.
Himari: We have to enjoy ourselves same as always until the end. Otherwise, we won't find the best performance.
Tomoe: Himari...
Himari: I'm sorry, I'll make this the last time I'm down like this! So please don't tell anyone else.
Tomoe: That's fine, but ... are you sure you're okay with that?
Himari: I want to be the leader of Afterglow until the end. "Same as always"...
Tomoe: I see. Gotcha. It's true, that's more like Himari.
Himari: Right? Well, it's about time, so let's go practice.
Tomoe: Right. We'll practice as hard as we can today!
Himari: Yup! All right, let's do it! Hey, hey, hoh~!
