event258-04 Chapter 3: Don't Set Yet

The rooftop is tinted with a gentle sunset glow. Only Moca and Tsugumi are there.

(Character: Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Rooftop]

Moca: Oh, no one is here today too~.
Moca: Actually, I've been coming to the rooftop before practice recently.
Tsugumi: I didn't know that ......
Moca: I just stare at the sky from here, thinking about the future.
Moca: I thought maybe it would be quiet here with no one around.
Tsugumi: Ah...
Moca: It's become lonely here too.
Moca: It's true that we've all become so busy that we can't get together here anymore.
Moca: We used to get together here and practice our instruments. Ran wrote songs and lyrics while groaning.
Moca: Of course, we're going through a hard time right now, so it's not the time to gather on the rooftop.
Moca: But now we are losing the things that come out of this place. I just feel sad about that.
Tsugumi: ... I feel sad too.
Moca: But I can understand how Ran feels.
Moca: In Ran's words, "I don't want to see it fade away," would be putting it too strongly, but...
Moca: This place is losing its color... I think Ran came to that conclusion because of the heartache, and the loneliness......
Moca: I thought changing Ran's mind and preventing the breakup would mean denying the feelings and pain she felt.
Tsugumi: ...
Moca: However, I didn't want to break up either. I didn't know what to do...
Moca: I thought that if I stayed here and watched the sunset, I might get some answers. But I couldn't~.
Tsugumi: I see.
Moca: I was watching the sunset here, and before I knew it, the sun was starting to set. I've been cooped up in the studio a lot lately, soI didn't realize how quickly the sun sets.
Moca: ... Sunsets are so quick unless someone is watching them.
Moca: (I think I should be that someone. I know that's what protecting the band is all about...)
Moca: (I wonder why I can't muster up the resolve for that?)
Moca: I'm sorry. You ended up listening to me too.
Tsugumi: No problem. You're thinking of how you should accept Ran-chan's thoughts, huh...  I wish I had that kind of resolve too...
Tsugumi: (But if I accept it, that means...)
Moca & Tsugumi: ...
Moca: It's about time to head to practice. Everyone else will get mad at us if we don't go soon.
Tsugumi: Yeah, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Uehara Residence - Himari's Room]

Himari: ... Yes! Tomorrow, please let us use it from the time I just told you.
Marina: Yeah, I got it! Tomorrow is the last practice before the finals, right? Good luck!
Himari: Yes, thank you very much! No matter what the result, we'll do our best not to have any regrets!
Marina: I'm sure you guys will give a great performance. Then, I'll be waiting for you at the studio tomorrow!
Himari: Yes! Excuse me.
Himari: ... Alright! I managed to extend the studio hours. I'll have to call everyone.
Himari: ...
Himari: It's our last practice tomorrow...
Himari: (I wonder if this is the last time I'll contact everyone else and practice together like this...)
Himari: (I also made this good luck charm for each of us ... Will this be the end of its role?)
Himari: (I didn't want Afterglow to break up, so I've been doing what I can, but ...... am I being of any use?)
Himari: (Will we ever find it? "The best performance"...)
Himari: ...!
Himari: No, no! I won't cry yet.
Himari: I'lll always be the leader of Afterglow from now on! I'll never let it end...!
Himari: It's okay. It's definitely going to be okay!
Himari: I have to message everyone else about tomorrow...!
Himari: Thanks for your hard work, you guys! Thanks so much for all of the scheduling work you've done!
Himari: I talked to Marina-san and asked her to extend the studio hours for tomorrow!!
Himari: ...Tomorrow will be our last practice, so please don't leave any regrets... No, no.
Himari: Tomorrow, too, let's give it our all and play well! Don't be late! Thank you.” Message sent! Yeah. This is same as always".
Himari:
