event258-01 Opening: The Tilted Sun

One week until G.B.T. finals. During practice, Tsugumi is thinking about something...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Tomoe: Okay, we've had a few full run-throughs. Let's take a little break.
Himari: Yeah, thanks for your hard work!
Moca: Good work--.
Himari: Then, let's get together in 10 minutes and practice again.
Ran: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Tsugumi: ... Haa.
Tsugumi: (G.B.T. finals are less than a week away.)
Tsugumi: (We've been practicing together as much as possible, and the quality of the performance itself may be improving, but...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Ran: Maybe, in order to reach the best live performance, we need more than just a cool performance, don't we?
Tomoe: Yes, yes, that's what I mean! We've been running without knowing what the best live performance is!
Tsugumi: I see... If we're cool, we believed we'd get there someday, and we didn't have a concrete idea of what kind of live show it would be.
Tomoe: So, why don't we seriously think about that first? What is the "best" performance for Afterglow?
Moca: Just like the weather changes the next day depending on the color of the sunset, we might be able to change the future if we can figure it out~.
Tomoe: Yeah. If we can find the true "best", we may be able to find our own answer.
Tomoe: I mean, we've got to find it! I don't want to think about breaking up before we find the best.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Tsugumi: (We've been searching for it ever since then, but we haven't found what the best performance is.)
Tsugumi: (We might end up breaking up just like that, but...)
Tsugumi: (We're all desperately trying to find the best performance, in order to distract ourselves from the breaking up... Even me.)
Tsugumi: (Really, can we keep this up...?)
Himari: Tsuugu!
Tsugumi: Whaat!
Himari: Oh, sorry! I didn't think you'd be that surprised...
Tsugumi: No, I was the one who seemed to be in a daze!
Himari: Tsugu... I just saw your phone screen...
Tsugumi: Yeah, I was looking at the calendar.
Himari: I know we are so close to the finals.
Himari: I was just thinking about talking to you guys about it during practice time. I was just wondering if we could schedule a little more time for practice.
Himari: I want to make it a good final.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
Tsugumi: I agree. We have to make it a good final, right?
Himari: Right, Tsugu. I won't let Afterglow end. Let's do our best together!
Tsugumi: Yeah...!
Moca: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Himari: Hey guys, I need to talk to you about something before practice.
Tomoe: What's up?
Himari: I'm just wondering about our upcoming practices... I was wondering if we could squeeze in a few more sessions.
Himari: As it is, we only have a couple more practices before the real thing. So I'm wondering if we could increase the number of times we practice, trying to adjust our schedule somehow.
Ran: I've been making the days when we don't have practice into flower arrangement practice days...That's what I promised my family, so I don't know... if I can adjust ...
Himari: Could you manage to do something~, Ran...! I'll try to adjust my cram sessions too.
Tsugumi: If it seems too difficult to add more practice days, how about extending the practice time?
Ran: Sure... that might work.
Himari: Nice assist, Tsugu! Thank you too for the help, Ran.
Ran: I'm sure everyone is busy, not just me. I'll check one more time if I can get even 30 minutes more of practice time.
Moca: I'll review my part-time shifts too~.
Himari: Thanks, everyone~! If you can work out a schedule, please send it to the group chat.
Tomoe: Got it.
Himari: We only have a few more days until the real thing, but let's practice as much as we can!
Tsugumi: Um, yup...!
Himari: But don't be too Tsugurific, Tsugu. Okay?
Tsugumi: Ehehe... Thanks. I'll be careful.
Himari: The rest of you can't be too Tsugurific as well, okay?
Moca: It's just right to be too Mocatastic~.
Ran: What do you mean?
Moca: Well, you'll find out soon enough.
Tomoe: Ahaha, what's that?
Tsugumi: Fufu...!
Himari: Alright then, let's resume practice. Let's all work hard until the end!
Moca: Oh, yeah~.
