event258-03 Chapter 2: The Sun Is Setting

Tsugumi is busy with her accumulated Student Council work. Moca seems to have come to see how she is...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: Well, I've read through all the Student Council activity reports for this month...
Tsugumi: Ugh, next is the budget application...
Tsugumi: I couldn't go to solo practice yesterday, so I thought I'd do it today... But there's no end to the work.
Tsugumi: I had Rokka-chan help me, but it's going to take a while to finish...
Tsugumi: Oh, I got a message from Himari-chan.
Himari: I've reserved more studio time for today! Let's start practicing with those who can come!
Tsugumi: Haa...
Tsugumi: What should I do? I really don't have the time for this.
Moca: Oh, found you, Tsugu. There you are~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan!? Why are you here? We're practicing today, right?
Moca: There's still time before the five of us get together. So I thought I might as well go to the studio with Tsugu~
Tsugumi: Oh, I see. I-I'm sorry! I still have some Student Council work to finish, so I'll ...... hurry up and get it done! Oh...!
Moca: Oopsies, there goes the papers... Oh, you've accumulated a lot of paperwork~.
Tsugumi: I haven't been able to put much effort into the Student Council lately. That's why this happened... There's still time before the deadline... Ahaha.
Moca: Why don't we eat this and take a break? Here's a special bread from Moca-chan~
Tsugumi: Thanks, Moca-chan... but...
Moca: Are you worried about the time? I'm more concerned about Tsugu.
Moca: Lately, I feel like you've been pushing yourself too hard, just like you used to.
Tsugumi: ... Sorry.
Tsugumi: Lately, I've been so anxious that my mind is all about it.
Tsugumi: The G.B.T. finals are coming up, but we still haven't found what the "best performance" is.
Moca: ... Yeah.
Tsugumi: Anyway, we're practicing now to find our "best performance," but is it really just practice that we should do now?
Tsugumi: While we might break up once the finals are over......, we haven't done anything about it either, I mean...
Tsugumi: I'd like to have a better conversation with Ran-chan.
Tsugumi: Ever since the first day I heard about the breakup from Ran-chan... I still don't know what I should say to her...
Tsugumi: I told her I didn't want to break up. I told her that much, but... that's all I could think about.
Tsugumi: I'm thinking about it, but I can't get my head around it. The more I think I have to do something about the breakup, the more I feel panicked and I don't know what to do.
Tsugumi: ... What are you thinking about now, Moca-chan?
Moca: I'm not sure what to do right now, just like you. But we are different in some ways...
Moca: I'm thinking more of how to take Ran's words, "we'll break up after the finals".
Tsugumi: Do you mean... It's fine to break up?
Moca: No, I don't think so. I also think that Afterglow is something that will last forever and ever.
Moca: That's why I chose to be at odds with Ran, and I decided to protect Afterglow.
Moca: When I told Ran how I felt, she didn't deny my thoughts, and she accepted them. If that's the case, ...
Moca: I think it should be the same way too. Is it right to change Ran's resolve with our words, and cancel the breakup as if it never happened?
Tsugumi: ...
Tsugumi: I still don't want... to break up.
Tsugumi: The five of us have been working together all this time...
Tsugumi: I'd be lonely if we were torn apart.
Moca: ... Tsugu...
Moca: Why don't we go to the rooftop?
Moca: I think we can still see the sunset.
