event258-06 Chapter 5: The Warmth Of The Sunset Glow

After playing music until they are satisfied, the five of them look at each other's ragged faces and ......

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: Huff, huff... puff...
Tomoe: We played for quite a long time...
Moca: Aren't we going too hard just before the real thing~?
Himari: Yeah. But it was a lot of fun.
Himari: The recent practice sessions... were very tense, right? The finals were coming up, and we were doing it while thinking we might break up, so it was natural for the atmosphere to be like that.
Himari: I thought hard about whether I could change the atmosphere... but I couldn't even get a hint of the "best performance." In the end, I haven't be able to do anything... so far.
Himari: But I had a lot of... a lot of fun playing this time! I think I enjoyed playing from the bottom of my heart.
Tomoe: Oh, me too. I thought I really loved playing with the five of us.
Tomoe: There were many things going on like "the best performance" or our impending disbandment... But when I was honest with myself and going at it with all I've got, that was all I had in mind.
Himari: Yup...!
Moca: ... There's something I've decided on.
Moca: ... I'll keep Afterglow going even if I'm on my own.  Tomorrow, the day after, and forever.
Ran: What...?
Moca: When I collided with Ran, I decided to protect Afterglow. But I didn't know how I could actually do that.
Moca: But now that I'm performing, I understand. I love Afterglow, and I know that feeling will never change. I'm convinced of that.
Moca: ... so even if I'm left alone, I'll keep Afterglow going.
Himari: Moca...
Moca: Maybe I was afraid of the loneliness and anxiety of continuing alone, so I couldn't take the plunge. Now I feel like I've finally made up my mind.
Moca: If Ran is going to break up Afterglow tomorrow, I'll reunite Afterglow the day after tomorrow.
Ran: Reunite...
Moca: It's the same as the decision Ran made because she loves Afterglow. I love Afterglow, so I'm just going to continue.
Ran: I see... Yeah. That's right.  ... I have no right to stop what Moca has decided for herself.
Ran: I got it. Moca, stay in Afterglow forever.
Moca: I'll do so without being told. Leave it to me~.
Himari: I...I will continue the band with Moca, too!
Himari: I'll continue! Yeah...! I'm so happy to put it into words now. I'll keep it going.
Himari: I know we all love Afterglow. Because we love Afterglow, we have different ways to cherish it...
Himari: As long as we have this feeling, I'm sure our paths will cross again someday.
Tomoe: Yeah, that's right.
Ran: Right now, I can't nod my head and say that this will surely happen. But my feelings that Afterglow is important remain the same. I can swear this much.
Tsugumi: ...
Moca: ... Tsugu?
Tsugumi: I-I... love the five of us in Afterglow... So I really don't want us to break up even once...
Tsugumi: I thought a little about why I felt so anxious.
Tsugumi: Ever since the band started... no, since I was much smaller, I've followed Ran-chan's back for so long...
Ran: ...
Tsugumi: I wondered what I should do when we went our separate ways,
Tsugumi: The idea of everyone going down different paths made me so anxious and scared...
Tsugumi: I wondered if there was any way to keep the group from breaking up, and I thought I should talk to Ran-chan again ... But I didn't know what to say to her.
Tsugumi: ...Sorry, I still don't have my thoughts together. I didn't want to make everyone anxious.
Moca: It's okay. I want to know how you feel.
Tsugumi: I love you guys. I really love Afterglow.
Tsugumi: The reason I'm here now is because I was able to run along with you all, following Ran-chan's back.
Tsugumi: So... really, thank you. And I...
Tsugumi: I'll be waiting for you, Ran-chan.
Ran: Tsugumi...
Tsugumi: While you're doing your best in flower arrangement, I'll keep running too.
Tsugumi: I still don't know what kind of road I'll be running on, and I feel more lonely than anything, but if Ran-chan comes back...
Tsugumi: I'll do my best so that Ran-chan and everyone else will say "Not bad" about my progress.
Ran: It isn't "not bad."  It's "same as always" that Tsugumi is working hard.
Ran: Tsugumi, thank you for running with me so far. Thank you for listening to my selfish decision.
Ran: ... If we can be together again someday, then see closely what kind of back I have then.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...! Ugh... ugh...!
Moca: Ran~, for Tsugu's sake, come back with a cool back, will you~?
Ran: If I'm going to do this, I intend to grow properly to my best. So that you all can say, "not bad."
Tomoe: Haa~... You all are exhausted and red-eyed.
Moca: The finals are tomorrow, right? Really?
Himari: What should we do...? Are we going on stage with such ragged faces~?
Tomoe: I don't care how ragged my face is. Anyway, I'll just show my best performance tomorrow.
Ran: Right... Then, shall we do that thing?
Himari: What? What's that thing?
Tsugumi: Hey, hey, hoh... Right?
Moca: Aaa~ ah. Hii-chan, you had your chance~. I was going to cheer "Hoh!" in a super loud voice--.
Himari: Wait a minute! Let's do it, now that we've got a chance!
Tomoe: I'll leave the timing to you, Himari. Let's do that!
Himari: I got it... Okay, then... let's see...
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...?
Himari: I'm getting kind of... nervous. I don't know what to say...!
Tomoe: ... Pfft! Ahaha! This is just how Himari is.
Ran: Right. I feel a little relieved.
Himari: Wait, wait, I'm going to prepare myself... Give me some time!
Ran: Why do you need to prepare yourself? Haha...!
Moca: (The heat I was feeling in my chest changed into something quiet and warm.)
Moca: (I'll keep on protecting this comfortable warmth. When necessary, I'll let these feelings burn with all my might.)
Moca: (Because I feel like that's the way we can stay “same as always.”)
(White cut)
(Background change)
