event258-07 Ending: It's Like The Morning Glow

The day of G.B.T. finals. The sound of five of them, who are united in their feelings and shouting "Now", pierces through the venue--.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[G.B.T. Finals Venue]

MC: This was the performance of RAISE A SUILEN!
Himari: That was very impressive, wasn't it? The performance just now...!
Tomoe: Yeah, it was quite spirited. Seems like the audience is all heated up too.
Moca: Thank you for warming up the venue for us, right?
Himari: That's way overboard, Moca!
Ran: I'm getting a little excited thinking about how we can drive this audience even hotter.
Moca: Yeah, yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
MC: Let's move on to the next band, Afterglow!
Tsugumi: Here comes our turn...!
Ran: Okay, let's go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[G.B.T. Finals Stage]

Ran: ...
Ran: --Yeah.
Ran: We're Afterglow. Please listen to our first song--.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
MASKING (Masuki): ... What's this performance?
LAYER (Rei): That's a totally different approach from the performance last time.
LOCK (Rokka): The last time we saw them play, it was so aggressive it sounded as if the two guitarists were fighting with each other...
PAREO (Reona): Today, you can practically see the bonds between the five members in their passionate performance.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's amazing that a band with such an unstable playing stance could even make it to the finals.
MASKING (Masuki): But I feel even that instability is part of their charm.
MASKING (Masuki): CHU², you were also actually excited to see what they'd show us today.
CHU² (Chiyu): But I didn't think I'd be shown something so different.
(Black cut)
LAYER (Rei): From the sound of the five of them today... I feel a kind of determination that I've never seen before.
LAYER (Rei): Until now, there was an atmosphere of "We don't care if we burn out at any time"... they were looking for a place to burn out and I felt like that feeling of impatience was coming out in the music.
LAYER (Rei): Today...
CHU² (Chiyu): We've found a place to burn out -- or something like that.
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): Eh?... Does that mean...
LAYER (Rei): ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[G.B.T. Finals - Offstage]

MC: That was Afterglow's performance!  Please wait for a while until the results are announced.
Ran: Huff, puff...puff...
LAYER (Rei): Thanks for your hard work. Nice performance.
Ran: Thanks.
LAYER (Rei): I felt something different from your usual performances. ... I can't wait to listen to what you'll play next time.
Ran: Yeah, you can count on it.
MC: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience! Finally, the results are in!
Himari: Ran, let's watch the results together~!
Ran: I'm on my way.
Ran: ... Then, see you later.
MC: The winning band this time is--.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Rooftop]

Moca: Hmm, hmm~... hmm~
Moca: Phew~... I'll take a break.
Moca: Oh--, what a beautiful sunset~
Moca: Maybe I'll take a picture and send it to them.
Moca: Oh, here they come~. You're late.
Moca: Look, the sunset is so beautiful. I was just thinking of taking a picture and sending it to you.
Moca: Well, let's start practicing~. Today too, "same as always", please--.
(White cut)
(Background change)
