event13-06 Chapter 5: The Sun Succeeds the Storm

Chisato apologizes and tries to share her true feelings with the other band members. What will happen when she invites them to a cafe...?

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Good morning.
Aya: Ah, Chisato-chan... Hey.
Eve & Maya: G-good morning.
Hina: Hey hey~.
Chisato: Guys, there's something I wanted to tell you…
Aya: Chisato-chan, we're sorry!
Chisato: Huh? Wait, why?
Aya: Yesterday... All we did was distract you and make you upset...
Chisato: I don't think you were a distraction at all, and I'm not upset.
Aya: So, then yesterday...
Chisato: Aya-chan, let me explain...
Chisato: I should thank you guys for coming yesterday. And despite you doing that, I blew up and yelled at you. I'm sure I hurt you all.
All: ...
Chisato: I'm really sorry.
Chisato: I know you guys think I can do anything, but I want you to know that that's not true. I have to work hard in my own way, too.
Chisato: When you came to my rehearsal, I was feeling stressed out... So when you all kept saying I could do it, it felt like pressure instead of support.
Chisato: After I calmed down and thought about it, I could see you all were actually cheering me on. I'm sorry I told you to leave.
Aya: And we're sorry... Even though you were working so hard, giving it your all, we didn't take the time to understand that.
Maya: Everyone has to put effort and go through hard times to reach their goals.
Eve: That's right! The road to perfecting the arts is like bushido! You have to give it your best shot.
Hina: Yep, we know exactly how you were feeling~. So don't worry about it, 'kay?
Chisato: You guys...
Aya: We want to help you if you're having any problems, so don't be afraid to talk to us!
Chisato: Thanks. I've had a bad habit of trying to do things on my own ever since I started acting.
Hina: By the way, you're supposed to be playing a younger sister, but it felt like I was watching Chisato-chan. I think you should be more dramatic.
Maya: I think it would be better if you made the character show her feelings towards her sister a lot more.
Aya: Yeah, I'd love to see you being really passionate.
Eve: A fired-up younger sister? That sounds like Bushido!
Chisato: (I guess there are a lot of ways to think about it... Ways I couldn't have thought of on my own. Maybe it is important to hear different opinions.)
Chisato: Thanks, guys. I'll keep that in mind.
Hina: Chisato-chan, you seem happier to hear what we have to say now~.
Chisato: I've had some second thoughts since yesterday... Oh, yeah. Do you guys mind coming with me after our lesson is done?
Aya: That's fine... Are we going somewhere?
Chisato: Yeah. I wanted to thank you guys, and apologize, so I'd like to treat you all to some tea.
Eve: Tea with Chisato-san? Yay~, sounds like fun~!
Maya: To apologize...? You don't have to do that.
Chisato: It just won't feel right if I don't. Besides, I wanted to take the time to actually sit and talk with you all.
Aya: Oh. Alright, guys. If she insists, let's go have some tea!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: Welcome to Hazawa Coffee~!
Aya: Tsugumi-chan, helping out today?
Maya: Hello!
Hina: Ah, it's Tsugu-chan~.
Eve: Good afternoon, Tsugumi-san!
Chisato: Tsugumi-chan, sorry about taking up so much space in your store.
Tsugumi: No problem, we love having you all. Please, take a seat~. We'll even get you something on the house!
Chisato: What's today's special?
Tsugumi: Let's see. Today's special is the black tea with a slice of Napoleon set!
Maya: That sounds tasty~.
Hina: Okay, that's what I'm having~.
Aya & Eve: Me too~!
Chisato: Alright, can we have five sets, Tsugumi-chan?
Tsugumi: Yep, right away.
Chisato: That reminds me, my sister loves Napoleons. Maybe I should bring her next time.
Maya: Wait, you have a sister?! I didn't know that...
Hina: Now that I think about it, I don't think we know much about you, Chisato-chan.
Eve: Th-that's right... Your life is shrouded in mystery!
Chisato: Fufu, I wasn't really trying to hide anything. Just that I haven't had the chance to share.
Hina: Okay, okay, tell us something else!
Chisato: Uhh... Oh, I have a dog. We've been together since I was a kid.
Aya: Really? What kind?
Chisato: A golden retriever. Pretty big but a quiet and gentle giant.
Maya: Oh, wow! That's a surprise. I would have thought you'd have something small and cute, like a Maltese or a Chihuahua.
Hina: You've never been so open before. Not holding back today though, are you?
Eve: Yeah! We haven't heard much about your personal life. I hope we can do this more often!
Hina: Hey~! My sister loves dogs too. I think you guys would get along great!
Chisato: Oh, Sayo-chan does? I had no idea. Maybe I'll talk to her about it next time at school.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shirasagi Residence - Chisato's Room]

Chisato: (I had a lot of fun today... I think I was able to tell them exactly how I was feeling.)
Chisato: I'll do my best to keep it up.
