event13-01 Opening: A Rare Opportunity

A famous director sends a request for Chisato to be in his show. She makes it seem like it's no big deal. However...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Coach: Okay. That's it for today's lesson. Don't forget to practice at home.
Aya: Phew... That was pretty intense.
Hina: I know! Sigh~, I'm so~ thirsty~.
Chisato: I have some tea if you'd like. Here you go.
Hina: Wait, really? Thanks, Chisato-chan! Gulp, gulp... Ahh~, that hits the spot!
Eve: Hina-san, you make that look so satisfying! Now I want something to drink!
Maya: I'm pretty sure there was juice in the office refrigerator! Let's go grab something.
Agency Staff: Chisato-san, is now a good time?
Chisato: Yes, what is it?
Agency Staff: There's some new work we would like to talk to you about, so could you come to the office after this?
Chisato: No problem.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Chisato: Sorry to keep you waiting. What's this new work you wanted to discuss?
Agency Staff: You've been specifically requested for an acting gig. The director, Takayuki Miyagawa, says the role would be perfect for you.
Chisato: Wait, Takayuki Miyagawa?! You don't mean... that Takayuki Miyagawa, do you? What could he possibly want from me?
Agency Staff: You remember the dress rehearsal at the theater? He happened to be in the same building and caught a glimpse of it.
Agency Staff: Apparently, you made quite the impression on him.
Chisato: What a crazy coincidence...
Chisato: (This is a once in a lifetime chance...! If this goes well, the possibilities will be endless... There's no way I can pass this up.)
Chisato: Of course I'll accept. Please let him know.
Agency Staff: Great. Here's the script. I'm told Miyagawa-sensei wrote it himself. You start in two weeks, so you have to know that thing like the back of your hand.
Chisato: Okay, understood. By the way, what's the role I'll be playing?
Agency Staff: A sick girl who's the younger of two sisters. That's all we know.
Chisato: (Something I've never done before...)
Aya: Chisato-chan, you're going to be in a play by the famous Takayuki Miyagawa?! That's incredible! There's no way I'll miss that!
Chisato: Thank you, Aya-chan.
Hina: What's it about?
Chisato: Sorry, I'm not sure. I haven't looked at the script yet. I'll let you know once I've read it.
Eve: Uhm, I don't know much about theater... Who is this "Takayuki Miyagawa-san" you speak of?
Aya: What?! You haven't heard of him?! He has to be one of the top three directors in the industry. He's produced so many renowned pieces.
Aya: He's also known as an excellent playwright. To have someone like that pick you personally... You're so amazing~, Chisato-chan.
Eve: Wow~... He's really that impressive, huh?! I always knew you were great, Chisato-san!
Hina: But you know, he's supposed to be super picky. He's known for stressing out the actors and actresses. I saw him getting mad on TV, too.
Maya: That's right. They call him "Miyagawa the Demon." I hear he's made a lot of people cry.
Eve: Oh no~... Chisato-san, that sounds tough.
Chisato: Fufu, I just have to perform like I always do, no matter if it's for Miyagawa-sensei, or anyone else.
Aya: Chisato-chan, if you ever need a partner to practice with, I'll help you out!
Eve: Me too! However I can!
Chisato: Thanks, guys. But I'll be alright. The kind of practice that requires a partner will be done during rehearsal.
Aya: Speaking of rehearsal, how do you normally prepare for this kind of performance?
Chisato: So, to start, I read the script and memorize my lines.
Maya: Yep, that sounds like what an actress would do.
Chisato: After that, I'll go to my room and record myself.
Eve: Record yourself?! Why would you do that?
Chisato: I take videos of myself acting the part. I think about what's the best way to move and how I should pause between lines.
Hina: But why do you need to use a camera? Couldn't you do that without one?
Chisato: Looking back at the videos, you'll find parts that don't quite look like it did in your head. You use those to keep improving until the actual show.
Chisato: You're already working hard, so don't you want to make sure you're creating the right image? It's important to evaluate yourself objectively.
Hina: Ohh~. I never thought about it that way~.
Maya: You do all that? That's Chisato-san for you.
Chisato: I also research how to do my makeup. With TV roles, there are usually makeup artists, but with plays, you might have to do it on your own.
Aya: I see... I have a lot to learn from you!
Chisato: If you wanted to do the same, you should practice the emcee role. I'm pretty sure you would notice yourself getting better.
Aya: Mhm, yeah! I'll try that out next time!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shirasagi Residence - Chisato's Room]

Chisato: (Let's see what kind of play we have here... My role is...)
Chisato: ...
Chisato: (Set in a rural town in the UK... Two impoverished sisters. The older one is Bell, and the younger one is Marie... So I'm Marie.)
Chisato: (Marie is ill, so Bell has been taking care of her for some time. Bell dreams of becoming an actress... This story is about how she achieves that.)
Chisato: (Based off of the script, it feels like Marie really loves and cares about her sister. I'll start from that angle.)
Chisato: (... I see, so that's what happens. Okay, I think rehearsal should be fun.)
