event13-07 Ending: The Day the Curtain Rises

It's opening day at the theater, and Pastel＊Palettes is in attendance after being invited by Chisato. What will they think when they see the show...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Next Day]

[Theater Area]

Chisato: So for the scene before the audition, I want to go with a serious expression and do a long stare while I hold your hand. What do you think?
Bell's Actress: Yeah, that sounds great! Here, I'll play off of you. Like this...
Bell's Actress: "The day is finally here. It's time for the audition. I'm so nervous..."
Chisato: "Bell, take this good-luck charm. Please, give it all you've got. I'll be cheering you on!"
Bell's Actress: "Thank you. I'll be back."
Chisato: "I wish for Bell to become an actress and for her to become the person she longs to be!"
Miyagawa: Shirasagi-kun, that's a lot better. Great acting! I can feel your passion. You don't seem as self-absorbed, and your gestures are natural.
Chisato: Really? Thank you!
Chisato: (I think I finally get what he was saying. Maybe it's not just about using my head but about opening up to people and showing true emotions.)
Chisato: (I only started acting because of my parents, so I've only thought of it as work, but... maybe I can start to change that mindset...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Month Later]

[Theater]

Aya: It's opening day! And look at these seats that Chisato-chan reserved for us. It's so easy to see the stage! Unreal...
Eve: Let's make sure to thank her afterward!
Announcer: The show will be starting soon. Spectators who are in the lobby, please return to your seats.
Eve: It's time! Ohh~... For some reason, I'm getting nervous...
Hina: Don't even worry. Chisato-chan practiced so much for this!
Maya: Ah, it's starting!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After The Show]

[Dressing Room]

All: Nice job~! Great show!
Chisato: Guys, thanks for coming. How'd you like it?
Aya: Ohh~... Chisato-chan... It was so good~!! That was such a touching story, I couldn't stop crying~.
Maya: Mhm... I thought so too. Great performance.
Eve: You two were so joyful during the last scene where your sister was chosen as the winner for the audition. It made me feel happy too!
Hina: I'm so~ glad there was a happy ending~. We didn't get to see it during your rehearsal, so I was wondering what would happen!
Chisato: Thanks! I was really nervous before the show started, but... once the curtains rose, I was able to get into character right away.
Miyagawa: Shirasagi-kun, sorry to interrupt. First, I want to say great work. The audience absolutely loved it. Let's try to keep this rhythm going tomorrow.
Chisato: Okay, thank you!
Miyagawa: Hm? Who are these girls...?
Chisato: We're all in a band together. It's called Pastel＊Palettes.
Chisato: They were all helping me out during the rehearsals for this show... It was thanks to them that I was able to improve.
Miyagawa: Right~, I do remember seeing you all. I can't thank you girls enough. Because of you, Shirasagi-kun was able to show her true potential.
Aya: Huh? Th-thank... you...?
Hina: We had nothing to do with it. Chisato-chan did everything!
Eve: Yep, and she worked really hard!
Maya: We just had her back along the way!
Miyagawa: I see. I'm happy to see that Shirasagi-kun has such great friends. I have to make my rounds, say hello to people. I'll get out of your hair.
Chisato: Miyagawa-sensei, wait! ... There's something I wanted to ask you.
Chisato: Why me? There are so many beautiful, talented actresses out there, but you chose me specifically. Why...?
Miyagawa: Why...? I thought if you went out of your comfort zone and really dug deep, there might be something more interesting under the surface.
Chisato: What do you mean?
Miyagawa: I'd seen you on TV before. I knew that you had a talent for acting, but there was a certain passion and seriousness that was lacking.
Chisato: ...
Miyagawa: I wondered what would happen if you actually gave it your all. Looking at what you've become tells me I made the right choice.
Chisato: So that's what it was... I'm happy I was given this chance. I feel like I've taken a step in the right direction.
Miyagawa: That's great. If you want to continue being an actress, remember that passion and the world will be your oyster. Alright, see you tomorrow.
Chisato: Okay... Thank you!
Aya: Chisato-chan, that's awesome! Way to go!
Chisato: Thanks, Aya-chan. I don't think I would've been able to get through this without you guys.
Chisato: I feel like Pastel＊Palettes helped push me forward.
Aya: Chisato-chan...
Hina: Ah! I thought of a great idea! Let's take a picture to remember this day. And maybe we can upload it to the Pastel＊Palettes blog.
Eve & Maya: Yeah! Let's do it!
Hina: Hmm, I don't know if we can get everyone's face~.
Aya: Ehehe... I actually have a selfie stick♪ Here, you can use it! I always have it on me.
Hina: Of course you would~! Alright, here we go. Everyone, get in the shot. Scooch, scooch.
Chisato: Kind of a tight fit, but... should be okay, I guess.
Hina: Okay! Nobody move~... Say cheese!
Aya: Hina-chan, let me see! ... Ah, it came out so well!
Maya: You're right. This looks pretty good!
Eve: Aww, everyone has such a nice smile!
Aya: I'll send it to you guys... And~, sent!
Chisato: This picture is really cute. Maybe I should use it as my screensaver.
Hina: Really?! Wow, Chisato-chan. You really have changed. There's no way I could imagine you doing that before.
Chisato: Yeah, I'm even more surprised than you are. Thanks, everyone. For everything. I hope one day I can return the favor.
All: You're welcome!
(Black cut)
