event13-05 Chapter 4: Pent-Up Emotions

Deep in thought, Chisato asks Kanon to meet up so she can get things off her chest. How will Kanon respond?

(Character: Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Restaurant]

Kanon: Sorry to keep you waiting, Chisato-chan! Have you been here long?
Chisato: No, I just got here too, actually. Sorry to call you out here so suddenly. I ordered your favorite cake and tea.
Kanon: Thank you! But forget about that. Is everything okay? I figured something must have happened if you were calling... I got here as soon as I could.
Chisato: Thanks, Kanon. So...
(Black cut)
Chisato: ... And that's what happened today.
Kanon: Sounds like you had a hard day.
Chisato: I was doing everything I could, but he just kept telling me I was doing it all wrong... I was so frustrated and had no idea what to do.
Chisato: On top of that, I had Pastel＊Palettes there saying it should be easy for me and that I can do it, which made me feel even more pressure...
Kanon: I see... That must have been really tough to deal with.
Chisato: It was... They all think I can just snap my fingers and make things happen. There are things I can't do too...
Kanon: Mhm... Of course.
Kanon: You know, I think they were all cheering you on from the bottom of their hearts! I don't think they meant to make the situation more stressful.
Kanon: So it would be unfortunate if you kept thinking of their support that way. Maybe you just have to think about it differently.
Chisato: Think about it differently...?
Kanon: Yeah.
Chisato: (... Maybe since I was getting all worked up, I wasn't able to see that they were being genuine and not just speaking as co-workers...)
Chisato: (They weren't the ones putting pressure on me... It was me doing that.)
Kanon: The Pastel＊Palettes' girls need to know exactly how you're feeling! I'll go explain everything to them right now!
Chisato: Now?! Th-that's alright, Kanon... Thanks, just the gesture is good enough.
Chisato: ... Fufu, I'm glad I got that off of my chest. I think I'm starting to feel better now.
Kanon: Really? Great! I'll be there to listen whenever you need me!
Chisato: I can really count on you, huh?
Kanon: That's what it means to be friends! No one wants their friends to look so unhappy.
Kanon: I'm sure that's exactly what everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is thinking too.
Chisato: ... Yeah.
Chisato: (I feel calm now that I've talked to Kanon... Like I can think straight again.)
Chisato: (... I've never talked to the band like I talk to Kanon. I've been thinking of them as co-workers. They've probably never seen the real me...)
Chisato: (Maybe without realizing, I was putting up a wall, and that kept me from being open with them...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Aya: You've been doing this for a long time. You're a pro too, so I'm sure you can get through this!
(White cut)
Maya: That's right. I'm sure that he's being really hard on you because he knows that you're so talented. Try not to let it get to you.
(White cut)
Hina: Hmm... Uhm, Chisato-chan. You're not acting like your normal self. Is everything okay? Are you feeling sick?
(White cut)
Eve: I think so too! Show them your fighting spirit!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Chisato: (Everyone was genuinely showing me their support, and I couldn't even see that...)
Chisato: (I should apologize...)
Chisato: Kanon, thanks. I think I know what I have to do now.
Kanon: Great! I'll be cheering for you too.
Chisato: ... Wow, look at the time. Sorry to keep you out so late. We should start heading home.
Kanon: Okay!
Chisato: I'm happy I could talk to you. Thanks for coming.
Kanon: Don't thank me. I was glad you called me. I hope everything goes well with the show!
