event13-04 Chapter 3: Can and Can't

After seeing Chisato explode, the girls discuss why they think she got upset. What will they come up with...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Talent Agency]

Maya: I wonder what happened to Chisato-san. I'm worried about her...
Hina: I didn't mean to make her angry...
Eve: That director was scary, but Chisato-san was even scarier...
Aya: Yeah. If I was told over and over that I was doing something wrong, I would probably have no idea how to perform my character...
Maya: If I was in her position, I would be feeling pretty down.
Hina: Usually when someone is just criticizing you, you'd have no idea how to improve, you know?
Aya: ...
Aya: When we first got to the studio and saw Chisato-chan, something seemed a bit off.
Eve: Aya-san, really?!
Aya: Mhm, something just didn't seem right, but I'm not sure what it was. There has to be a reason...
Hina: She didn't look so good, but she said she wasn't feeling sick. What was it, then?
Maya: Hmm... Well…
Eve: Maya-san, do you know?
Maya: Chisato-san did say, "Don't just assume I can do anything," didn't she...?
Maya: Which would mean there are things that even she can't do...
Eve: Really? Is there actually something she can't do? She's been able to do everything up until now…
Maya: Maybe it's not that she's been able to do everything...
Aya: I've never really seen Chisato-chan struggle...
Hina: So even though she's been able to do everything until now, now she can't? Ugh~, I don't get it~.
Maya: Let's just relax and think about it for a second.
Maya: I've heard her say, "Hard work comes first" before. Which means, through hard work, she learns to do things that she normally couldn't.
Aya: Yeah... I know! I got it!
Hina: What?
Aya: She put so much effort into her acting, but for some reason, she wasn't performing well... So maybe she was really frustrated.
Aya: Even though we couldn't see it, she was definitely working really hard behind the scenes... However...
Hina: Despite that, we just kept telling how it's no big deal and how she can do anything... So maybe we were putting a lot of pressure on her...
Maya: That's likely what it is...
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Miyagawa: Stop!! You're killing me here, Shirasagi-kun! What were you even trying to do with that last line? Do you know the word "passion" by any chance?!
Chisato: What do you mean...? What was I doing?
Chisato: (I'm doing my best!)
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Eve: Ohh~... Now I see! It's like you two said, Chisato-san has been working much harder than anyone realizes!
Eve: I thought she was just good at everything the moment she tried it...
Eve: But that couldn't be further from the truth, right?
Aya: Even if we didn't mean to, maybe the idea of her once being a child actress made us think she's different and she could do anything…
Aya: But that was a mistake. Whether or not she was a child actress, she's still Chisato-chan. Same as us, a girl working her hardest.
Maya: Exactly!
Hina: I think she'll understand if we just explain that to her.
Aya: Mhm. Let's apologize to her tomorrow! And we should be sure to let her know that we're always supporting her!
Eve, Hina & Maya: Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After Theater Rehearsal]

[Walking Home]

Chisato: Sigh...
Chisato: (I really exploded when I told them "Don't just assume I can do anything!"... They must think I'm going crazy...)
Chisato: ...
Chisato: ... Hello, Kanon?
Kanon: "Hello, Chisato-chan? You almost never call me. Is everything okay?"
Chisato: I was hoping I could talk to you about something... Sorry to call you so suddenly, but if you're not busy, could you come meet me?
Kanon: "Mhm, no problem. I'll see you in a bit!"
