event13-02 Chapter 1: The Beginning of a Storm

Chisato attends theater rehearsal having practiced her role, but it seems like the director has something different in mind...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Two Weeks Later]

[Theater Area]

Chisato: Good morning Miyagawa-sensei. My name is Chisato Shirasagi. I'm happy to be working with you. It's an honor.
Miyagawa: Oh, Shirasagi-kun. Thanks. I'm looking forward to some intense, dramatic acting from you.
Chisato: I'll do my best.
Miyagawa: We'll start with a reading of the script. From there, we'll go straight into the acting, so keep that in mind.
Chisato: Okay!
(Black cut)
Miyagawa: First, we'll do the scene where Bell is taking care of her younger sister, Marie. I want you to imagine a small room with nothing save a bed.
Chisato: Okay.
Chisato: "Cough, cough... I'm sorry you have to deal with this. All you've been doing lately is taking care of me, Bell..."
Bell's Actress: "That's okay, Marie. The only thing I want is for you to get better. I want to see a healthy, smiling face."
Chisato: "I'm so sorry... I just want you to be able to live your life, free from worrying about me! Doing this every day must be such a pain."
Bell's Actress: "Not at all. Whatever I want means nothing until you're feeling better."
Chisato: "... But Bell, don't you want to be an actress? Instead, you're working nonstop for me... because we don't have money to go to the hospital..."
Bell's Actress: "That's-"
Miyagawa: Alright, cut! Shirasagi-kun, is it called acting if it just sounds like you're reading from the script?
Chisato: Wha-
Miyagawa: Where are the emotions?! I can't feel anything from you! Let's see some passion!
Chisato: (No emotions...? No way... I did it exactly how I prepared.)
Miyagawa: One more time from the top!
Chisato: O-okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Agency Staff: Everyone, listen up. Chisato-san is currently rehearsing for her show in a nearby studio. Is anyone interested in going to watch?
Aya: Oh? Is that actually okay? I'd love to go!
Maya: I would too! I've worked as part of the tech crew for the theater club before, so I'd like to see what kind of equipment the pros have.
Eve: What's a tech crew?
Maya: They're the people who make the props to use during the show, and they adjust the sound and music settings.
Maya: The audience doesn't see what you're doing at all, but it's exciting because it feels like you're setting the scene!
Hina: Ooo, that's cool. Alright, then why don't we grab some snacks and head over?! Something easy to eat would be best.
Eve: Yeah. Maybe like bite-sized chocolates... This is my first time going to the theater. I can't wait!
Aya: I'm sure it'll be lots of fun! I've seen a number of shows, and they're always so moving.
Agency Staff: Alright then. Here's the map to the studio. I hope to see everyone there. It'll be a great learning experience, so make sure to pay close attention.
All: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Theater Area]

Aya: Hello~...? Oh, they've already started! Ah, there's Chisato-chan.
Hina: I see her! She looks super serious~.
Maya: Whoa, look at all of these props. They've got the works! Leave it to the pros...
Eve: There's a broom, an umbrella, a mike... Ah, and newspapers from England!
Aya: You're right. I wonder what those are for.
Eve: I have no idea, but this is so exciting.
Chisato: (Looks like everyone came to see me. The other actors are all taking things very seriously... Best to act like I don't see them and keep going.)
Chisato: "Bell, I'm waiting for the day you become an actress! I want to see you in a beautiful dress, standing in the spotlight... That's what I want..."
Bell's Actress: "But Marie, I must wait for you to get better..."
Chisato: "Cough, cough... All I want is for your dream to come true, Bell..."
Miyagawa: Nope! Wrong! Shirasagi-kun, that last line needs more oomph! And I'm not feeling it! You must become Marie! Understand her motivation!
Chisato: (Again...? What could I possibly be doing wrong?)
Eve: Wow, Chisato-san is amazing...!
Maya: She's a completely different person! It's like she's one with the character.
Aya: Hmm...
Aya: (I don't know what it is... Something doesn't seem right... Maybe it's just my imagination...)
