event193-01 Opening: Passion Carried by a Summer Wind

Sayo is heading to the agency when something catches her ear...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: ... This is probably the best I can do.
Sayo: Now I just need to make minor adjustments when I practice with everyone... Hm?
Sayo: From Hina...? It hasn't even been that long since she left the house.
Hina: "I recorded that doggie show♪ Let's watch it together sometime!"
Sayo: Just look at her getting all excited over something that's not even of any real interest to her...
Sayo: ... Oops, I should probably head to the agency now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Sayo: (Okay, so today there's that meeting to decide the details of our tour. And then there are the comments for our promotional activities...)
Street Musician: Thanks a lot, but I'm not done yet! Here's my next song!
Sayo: (A guitar-only street performance... Look at all the sweat. I wonder how long they've been playing.)
Sayo: (... Their fingers are having a bit of trouble keeping up with the notes, and each note isn't being played precisely either. It feels like they're still getting used to things...)
Sayo: And yet... they have a sound that's so carefree and full of joy...
Sayo: (I want to keep listening... Just for a little more.)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Sayo: Huff... Huff... I'm sorry for being late!
Ako: Sayo-san! You're not late at all. You still have three minutes till the meeting starts!
Rinko: That's a lot of sweat... It is rather hot today, I suppose... Would you like a towel...?
Sayo: Thank you... It's been a while since I last had to run this much.
Harumi: Here, have some water too. I'll come and drive you over the next time it looks like you might be late.
Sayo: No, no, I will ensure this doesn't happen again by being more careful. I apologize.
Lisa: You know, it's pretty rare to see you cutting it this close, Sayo.
Yukina: True. You're usually the first to arrive.
Rinko: Did something happen... Hikawa-san...?
Ako: Ah, lemme try to guess! Mmm... By calling upon my dark powers to grant me... some super insight stuff... Hah!
Ako: You overslept with a boom, didn't you, Sayo-san?!
Lisa: Ahaha... I expected something a little less normal from your dark insight.
Sayo: I left my house at the usual hour... however... I lost track of time while watching a street performance...
Yukina: A street performance?
Sayo: Yes. All they were doing was playing the guitar, but it sounded like carefree singing...
Sayo: What was the most striking, though, was just how much love for the guitar was behind their sound. It's difficult to put into words...
Tour Organizer: Alright, looks like everyone's here, and it happens to be time. Let's begin the meeting to discuss the nationwide tour.
Ako: Ah, okay! Sayo-san, could you tell me more later?
Sayo: Certainly. Imai-san, may I also have a copy of the papers?
Lisa: Ah, my bad. Here you go.
Tour Organizer: The concept behind this tour is "Carve Out." It signifies the start of your journey where you will cut a path through the brand new world that is the world of professionals.
Ako: This really is such a cool idea!
Rinko: "Carve Out"... To cut a path... Our nationwide tour and our new journey both at the same time... It feels like the start of an adventure, doesn't it...?
Lisa: It so does. Just look here at where we might get to play at during the tour.
Ako: Wow, are we really going to all of them? They're all places I've never been to before!
Sayo: According to the schedule... it looks like concerts will generally be on weekends.
Tour Organizer: Yes. We're trying to adjust the schedule as much as possible to minimize the disruption to your academic lives.
Sayo: I see. Thank you very much for your consideration... There still seem to be many decisions that need to be made, however.
Lisa: All that's been settled on is the concept really. So that means our first priority should be...
Yukina: A set list. We need to start by figuring out what we want the foundation of our shows to be...
Tour Organizer: So for today, let's focus on that while also trying to work out how to showcase Roselia in a way that demonstrates the tour concept as much as possible.
Roselia: Okay.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Ako: .. And then bang! A Dark Dragon takes off from the stage at the end~!
Lisa: A-a dragon?! If we could do that, it'd be quite a show... But how about we save that one?
Yukina: Fufu... You've been full of ideas ever since the meeting, Ako.
Rinko: You were even able to... voice your thoughts so confidently... to the organizer... I still have a lot of work to do...
Sayo: Hm...? This guitar sound...
Yukina: Sayo? Is something wrong?
Sayo: Oh, no... It's just that the person performing there on the street... was still doing so when I was on my way to the agency.
Ako: Really? Where, where? I wanna see too!
Rinko: Ah, over there... That's quite a lot of people...
Lisa: Hey, why don't we go get a closer look? It's hard to listen from this far away.
Ako: Wow~! You were right, Sayo-san! It is like their guitar's singing!
Rinko: This song is very pleasant... and perfect for summer...
Sayo: (They've been playing alone this whole time... and with such joy and passion too.)
Yukina: I can see why you listened so intently that you lost track of time, Sayo.
Lisa: Yeah, same here! How do you say it? It's like their sound's really expressive... In a diverse way, you know?
Yukina: Although their inexperience still shows at times, each note calls out to your emotions so intently.
Sayo: I agree... Maybe it's their desire to improve.
Yukina: It could be. The drive to grow is giving them the strength to expand the possibilities of what they can express through the guitar. That's how it feels to me, at least.
Sayo: ... The drive... to grow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
