event193-04 Chapter 3: Two Choices, Two Nows

Yukina calls over Sayo and shares her thoughts...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Sayo: For you to ask to speak privately... Is something wrong?
Yukina: ... I'm not entirely sure myself, so let me ask you, and you can tell me if I'm incorrect.
Sayo: Okay...
Yukina: Sayo, the way you're playing today... It's not like you.
Sayo: ...!
Yukina: Your sound was wavering. I couldn't help but wonder because it's been particularly stable lately.
Yukina: I'm guessing something has happened.
Sayo: ... I considered it to be minor... but it seems it's showing in my sound...
Yukina: Your sound is not as impersonal as you believe it to be. This anxiety you're feeling... What's causing it?
Sayo: Anxiety...
Sayo: If that's how it feels to you, that just might be what this feeling I'm experiencing is...
Yukina: ... What do you mean?
Sayo: When it comes to walking the path that lies before the five of us, I have neither fear nor doubt.
Sayo: However...
Sayo: Now that we're professionals, it's a journey that requires a lifelong commitment.
Sayo: That may be what's causing this vague sense of anxiety...
Yukina: Lifelong...
Sayo: I've never thought about such a distant future...
Sayo: It's always taken everything I have to struggle against the immediate circumstances threatening to drown me.
Yukina: You mean Hina...
Sayo: Yes.
Sayo: Not wanting to be bested by her meant I had to play better than her.
Sayo: It wasn't just anybody, it was Hina that I needed to be better than...
Sayo: The existence and clarity of that need allowed me to utterly devote myself to the guitar.
Yukina: But... it also made you suffer.
Sayo: It did... And I don't want things to ever return to how they used to be.
Sayo: That's why I made the decision to face Hina head-on, and it's why I've kept moving forward until the moment arrives when I can feel pride in my sound...
Sayo: With the hope that someday, I can stand tall and hold my head high when I'm at her side...
Sayo: But that someday is no longer just a wish. It's something far more realistic now, and I...
Sayo: I can't help but wonder about my life beyond that point...
Yukina: Most likely because Hina's influence has always been a part of your foundation as a guitarist.
Yukina: Just like my father's influence was always a part of my music. But together with "LOUDER", I chose to leave that past behind.
Yukina: You, on the other hand, chose back then to embrace yours and move forward.
Yukina: That's why what it means to continue playing the guitar your whole life weighs on you more.
Sayo: ... Perhaps you're right...
Sayo: Just look at how soft I am, feeling the pressure and getting anxious all on my own...
Yukina: I disagree. It's completely natural, I feel.
Yukina: The choice I made is different, so I can't know the weight you bear.
Yukina: What I do know, however, is that this is something you have to resolve on your own. I won't rush you or say anything.
Yukina: Instead, I'll be waiting for you.
Sayo: Minato-san...
Sayo: ... We had a similar conversation before.
Yukina: We did?
Sayo: Yes. When I was struggling over my own sound.
Sayo: To think that I would hear similar words from you again... I really haven't changed at all.
Yukina: No, it's because you have changed. I believe we'll always struggle so long as we continue to pursue music.
Yukina: And it will be a lifelong struggle like you said earlier.
Sayo: ... I suppose it will be.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Yukina: I apologize for keeping you waiting. Let's resume practice.
Ako: Ah, Sayo-san, Yukina-san... Welcome back.
Ako: Um... Wh-what kind of secret stuff were you talking about together~?
Yukina: It was just small talk.
Ako: I-I figured as much~...! Ah... um...
Lisa: ... Ako said she's going to go see an Afterglow show on our upcoming day off. Since it's been a while and all that.
Rinko: We were talking... about going together...
Lisa: But I've got work that day~. What about you guys?
Yukina: I already have other plans too.
Sayo: I...
Ako: Uh, Sayo-san...! Do you want to come with us?
Ako: I won't ask what you were talking about, and I understand if you have plans... But going might help clear your mind, and, uh, it's important to have fun, so...!
Ako: Let's go together!
Sayo: Udagawa-san...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
