event193-07 Ending: Why I Must Now...

To stand next to Hina and what comes after. How does Sayo see her future self?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: (I don't think I've ever had a single thought that doesn't lead to Hina.)
Sayo: (The day I decided to stop running and face her head-on instead. The day I swore to myself when I wrapped my little finger around hers.)
Sayo: (The day I was able to say I like my sound.)
Sayo: (Hina has always been a part of my guitar...)
Sayo: (And that's why I've been afraid.)
Sayo: (Because when the day comes when I stand by her, the fire I have for the guitar might go out.)
Sayo: (However... The way things are now, I can never make it to her side in the truest sense... or advance beyond that point...)
Sayo: (In order to keep playing the guitar, what I have to do is...)
Hina: Knock, knock~. Hey, listen, listen~. My next Pastel＊Palettes job...
Hina: Huh, why's it so dark?
Sayo: ... Oh, you're right. I didn't realize because I was watching a video.
Hina: You must be really into it... Lemme guess, doggie video?
Sayo: No, Roselia... From one of our first concerts after the band was formed.
Sayo: ... Hina.
Hina: Hm~?
Sayo: ... Someday, I want to be able to hold my head high... and stand on the same stage as you.
Hina: I want you beside me too! I can't wait for that someday to come♪
Hina: I wonder how it's gonna feel~. I bet it'll be totally different from the Girls Band Party!
Sayo: Yes. Although I honestly don't know what it'll be like either.
Sayo: That said, I don't think that day is unimaginably far off.
Sayo: I know I've kept you waiting for a very long time... but I am making steady progress.
Hina: Nice~! I hope it'll be soon though~♪ Ah, I'm not trying to rush you or anything. Just super excited!
Sayo: I understand. Even when that day comes... afterward, I'll still keep playing the guitar my whole life.
Hina: ...? Sure, okay... We talked about this before, didn't we?
Sayo: Ever since we did, I've been thinking about it, actually.
Sayo: And about what comes after we stand side-by-side.
Sayo: (What I have to do... is temporarily say goodbye to the part of me that relates everything to Hina.)
Sayo: (But she can't be removed from me, just like I can't be removed from her either... We're each other's reason, after all.)
Sayo: (I'm not even sure something like that is possible for me to do...)
Sayo: ...
Hina: Sis...?
Sayo: You won't quit without my permission, will you?
Hina: Of course, I won't. We made a promise.
Sayo: (From the moment we were born, our time has been spent together, and no matter how warped things became, we've remained inseparable.)
Sayo: (However... That's precisely why it has to be done.)
Sayo: (So that we don't stop moving forward once we've stood side-by-side...)
Sayo: (And so that I can spend my whole life playing the guitar with Roselia.)
Sayo: ...
Hina: ... Hm? Why are you staring at me?
Sayo: It's nothing... Thank you, I just wanted to make sure.
Hina: Uh, okay... You're acting weird, you know?
Sayo: By the way, we still haven't watched the show you recorded for me, have we?
Sayo: If you'd like, what do you think about watching it right now?
Hina: Ah, the doggie show? Yeah, I wanna watch!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Hina: Alright~, everything's ready♪ Sit next to me~. I brought the snacks too!
Sayo: Thank you.
Hina: This episode's about sibling dogs being reunited, and it's supposed to be a real tear-jerker! Wanna grab the box of tissues? Or do you need time to prepare mentally?
Hina: I already peeked online to see what people are saying, and there's this part where-
Sayo: Just how long do you plan to keep on going? I'm taking the remote.
Hina: Hey, I recorded it, so I want to be the one to press play~!
Sayo: It's your fault for taking so long. Now then...
Sayo: Play...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
