event193-02 Chapter 1: A Summer Night’s Revelation

Sayo is at her desk one night when Hina approaches...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: ... I want to hear that part again...
Sayo: (Whenever I listen to Hina playing the guitar, it never ceases to amaze me...)
Sayo: (Where does she even learn to play like this...? No, in her case, it's probably...)
Hina: Knock, knock~. I was told to tell you the bath's ready~.
Sayo: Hina, how many times must I remind you that knocking and entering at the same time defeats the purpose of knocking?
Hina: Ehehe, sorry~. Hm? Wow, you're actually listening to music while studying.
Hina: ... Ah, and it's one of our songs too! So, what do you think? Doesn't it help you blast through your homework?
Sayo: I finished my homework a long time ago.
Hina: You did? But you were just writing stuff down in your notebook with your unfunny face.
Sayo: I'm analyzing the guitar part. Of course, my expression will be serious.
Hina: You... analyzing... how I play the guitar...?
Sayo: Yes, the live recording that was released recently-
Hina: Oh~! Then does that mean you've been listening a whole lot to me play?!
Hina: So what do you think? What parts do you like? I want to know everything!
Sayo: You want to know what I think...? This is something I'm doing for my own benefit, by the way.
Hina: So what! I wanna hear it anyway! C'mon, please~?
Sayo: I don't see how this will do you any good, but...
Sayo: Let's see... The guitar solo for that song was arranged by you, wasn't it?
Hina: Wow, you could tell?! How?
Sayo: It was obvious, especially with the unconventional musical scale played at the end of the solo. Only you would be able to come up with something like it.
Hina: And, and, anything else?!
Sayo: Besides that... The last part before the chorus.
Sayo: The start of the phrase is intricate but also powerful. I assume it was originally meant to be played delicately, but knowing you, you likely made it explosive...
Hina: ...♪
Sayo: Why are looking at me with that look in your eyes?
Hina: I'm just so happy you're talking to me about how I play the guitar!
Hina: And you've written down so much... You've never done this before!
Sayo: Oh?
Hina: Yeah! I feel so boppidy bop-boppin'♪ So tell me more. I want you to keep going forever~!
Sayo: F-forever...? This should be enough for now, shouldn't it?
Hina: Aw~! But there's more, right? I saw how much stuff you wrote down when I peeked earlier!
Sayo: ...! I never said you could look.
Hina: Ah, don't hide them~! I can talk forever about the things I like about how you play the guitar, you know?
Hina: There's your face when you're like dun-dun~, your solos that sometimes make me feel squeezy~, and how the way you play always makes me feel so boppin'♪
Sayo: I think I get the picture... And besides, what you've just described are your impressions.
Hina: Aren't they the same thing though~? Well, whatever!
Hina: Let me know the next time you analyze how I play, okay?! I'll be sure to tell you how much I love the sound of your guitar!
Sayo: Sigh... I really don't see the need for you to do that...
Hina: But it'll make me happy! And won't you feel the same way too?
Hina: Not that it actually matters whether I tell you or not. I'll always love how you play for the rest of our lives anyway. That's just the way it is!
Sayo: For the rest of our lives...? You really are overly dramatic.
Hina: Huh? But it will be for our entire lives, won't it?
Hina: I mean, you are going to keep playing the guitar for Roselia.
Sayo: To keep playing...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: (To play the guitar forever... Yes, of course...)
Sayo: (The responsibility that comes with being a professional. The feeling of working on something with many people. They're important lessons from our debut show, but...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: (Dedicating my life to being a guitarist is the essence of what it means to be a professional...)
Sayo: (... And as Hina said, it will be for my entire life...)
Hina: ... Sis... Hey, Sis!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Ah... I'm sorry.
Hina: It's alright. Is everything okay? Are you maybe a bit tired?
Sayo: ... No. I was just thinking about what you said, and I agree.
Sayo: Anyway, I think I'll go and take that bath ahead of you if you don't mind.
Hina: Huh? Uh, sure, okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
