event193-06 Chapter 5: The Long Night

Ako and Tomoe. Hina and Sayo. What thoughts does Sayo have after the show?

(Character: Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Walking Home]

Ako: Sigh~... That was such a fun show~!
Rinko: They were... amazing... Even their set list... was quite aggressive...
Ako: I know, right? It was, like, super all-out!
Ako: ... Did you enjoy it, too, Sayo-san?
Sayo: I did. I'm glad you invited me.
Ako: Phew~...
Ako: Ah, well, it's not like I was worried the show itself wouldn't be fun since my sister's in it, it's just...
Sayo: I know. I apologize for making both of you worry.
Rinko: What's most important... is that you had a good time, Hikawa-san...
Ako: Yeah! That's what I'm the happiest about too!
Ako: ... Something's bothering you, isn't it, Sayo-san?
Sayo: About that...
Ako: Ah, um, you don't have to talk about it!
Ako: You're probably not telling us because it's what you've decided, and I wanna respect that choice.
Ako: I do, but... Doing nothing doesn't feel right, either.
Ako: When all the brooding leaves you worn out, I wanna be somebody who can help immediately...! I can't live with the idea of not being able to!
Sayo: ...
Sayo: Fufu... You really are incredible.
Ako: Huh?! I'm super serious...
Sayo: Don't worry. I know how genuine and earnest you always are.
Sayo: Take earlier in the dressing room when you said that facing each other and becoming cool together is what makes you and Tomoe-san eternal rivals.
Sayo: It takes real confidence to make such a statement.
Ako: R-really...?
Sayo: Yes. I'm actually somewhat envious even.
Sayo: To be able to strive to be better than one another as eternal rivals... I can't be so unwavering...
Ako & Rinko: Sayo-san... Hikawa-san...
Rinko: But in my eyes... you and Hina-san... also seem to have that kind of relationship...
Rinko: Your sound and hers each have their own place... from which they give off light that's different from each other... But despite that, you have a song that you play together...
Rinko: And while it may look different from what Ako-chan and Udagawa-san have... I feel they're essentially the same...
Sayo: I'm not so sure... When I see them together, it doesn't really seem that way.
Sayo: Ours is not a relationship between equals that can be called a rivalry... It's more like one where I'm always trying to catch up to her.
Ako: Well, it's the same for me too!
Ako: I've always wanted to be cool like my sister 'cause she's the coolest person in the world. That's why I started the drums... To be like her...
Ako: But when I joined Roselia, you said I was just copying others and told me to explain what cool is without using her as an example...
Sayo: I... I probably should have worded things differently at the time...
Ako: Ah, that's not it! What you said helped me realize!
Ako: That my cool isn't the same as my sister's.
Ako: I decided I was going to find my own style of cool. That decision's been with me this whole time I've been playing the drums for the band.
Ako: And being with Roselia is what let me find what I was looking for!
Sayo: Your own style of cool...
Ako: My cool and my sister's cool are different, but that doesn't mean she isn't the coolest person in the world, or that I'll ever stop trying to be like her!
Ako: ... So, did that make any sense...?
Sayo: ... Somewhat. I'll need time to mull over it some more on my own.
Rinko: I think... that's fine...
Rinko: Enjoying today's concert together... and getting to talk... is probably more than enough...
Ako: R-right...! But I couldn't explain better... I...
Rinko: Don't worry, Ako-chan... Hikawa-san most likely wants to think about it alone... because your words reached her...
Sayo: Yes... Thank you, both.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Yukina: "We are Roselia. Our first song will be 'BLACK SHOUT'."
Sayo: ... The way I'm playing is certainly... intense.
Sayo: ("All I have is the guitar." The instrument I began playing to get away from Hina... It sounds so claustrophobic, suffocating, and makes me want to cover my ears.)
Sayo: (But even so, I was desperate back then.)
Sayo: (To not be bested by her. To play better than her.)
Sayo: (Back then, when I was trying not to let her "catch up" despite knowing she'd already surpassed me, I thought that would be reason enough for me to keep playing.)
Sayo: (No matter how twisted... No matter how much those days threatened to crush my spirit...)
Sayo: (That's not all though. Having that pain is the reason I crawled my way forward.)
Sayo: (Onward and onward, as if driven by Hina's free, shining sound.)
Sayo: (Ever since deciding to face her head-on, I've wanted to catch up to her. And now, I've made it this far, but...)
Sayo: (When that moment arrives when I finally do stand next to her on the same stage... what will become my reason to keep playing the guitar for the rest of my life?)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ako: My cool and my sister's cool are different, but that doesn't mean she isn't the coolest person in the world, or that I'll ever stop trying to be like her!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: I...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
