event193-03 Chapter 2: For the Rest of Our Lives

It's business as usual, but Hina's words keep repeating inside Sayo's head.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Sayo: Excuse me. Shirokane-san, I've brought the disciplinary committee's activity report.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... Thank you very much... for submitting it so early... even though it's not due yet for some time...
Sayo: I thought it'd be best to take care of the smaller miscellaneous tasks before tour preparations begin in earnest.
Rinko: Th-that does make sense... We should be getting busy with tour-related activities fairly soon...
Sayo: And even when that happens, we'll still have to make time to practice individually. I was worried I would end up forgetting the report if I didn't take care of it now.
Rinko: That reminds me... We have band practice after school, don't we...?
Sayo: Yes, at CiRCLE's studio.
Rinko: It feels like it's been some time... since we last... practiced there...
Sayo: It does. We have been using the agency's studios more often lately.
Rinko: I'm still not quite used to it... Not the studios, I mean... The environment...
Sayo: Are you referring to the industry professionals who come to observe us practice?
Rinko: Yes... The pressure I feel with them around... is different from the pressure I'm used to experiencing...
Sayo: It's also led to new discoveries, however. Take the latest equipment we were allowed to test when those people came the other day.
Sayo: That valuable experience gave us clear proof that even songs we've played countless times before can still become even better.
Rinko: Clear proof... True... there is that...
Rinko: We did get to see... that there's a lot more... we can do than we'd ever thought...
Sayo: Exactly. And I feel we'll need to continue amassing more such proof now that we're performing as professionals...
Sayo: It won't be easy, though, especially since we have new work to take care of in addition to music.
Rinko: I know what you mean... Photoshoots... Interviews... It always takes me a while to get used to things...
Rinko: But you're so amazing... You're able to handle every task... so calmly...
Sayo: Well, Harumi-san is able to provide information beforehand when I'm unfamiliar with something, and I also do have Hina as a source of advice.
Sayo: When I mention there'll be a key art shoot or how I'll be making comments on camera, Hina tells me what to expect on-site.
Sayo: Because she's an idol, there are often differences, of course, but I'm still able to make use of what she says.
Rinko: Fufu... It sounds like... she's a lot of help...
Sayo: Ninety percent of what comes out of her mouth ends up being unrelated small talk, however...
Rinko: Even so... I imagine there's a lot that you relate to... because you both play the same instrument...
Rinko: In a sense... it's like you're fellow guitarists and also eternal rivals...
Sayo: Eternal...
Sayo: (Rivals...?)
Sayo: (... Hina and I. I don't know what to call our current relationship.)
Sayo: (What I do know is that we'll continue playing the guitar separately.)
Sayo: (And that I'll keep perfecting my sound so that I can someday stand on the same stage as her...)
Sayo: (But what comes after...?)
Sayo: (My reason to play the guitar beyond that point-)
Rinko: Um... Hikawa-san...?
Sayo: ... I apologize. I really need to do something about how forgetful I become when I'm busy.
Rinko: I'm sorry...?
Sayo: Here, the activity report. I became carried away with our conversation and forgot to hand it to you.
Sayo: Anyhow, Shirokane-san. See you again after school.
Rinko: Ah... Yes, of course...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Yukina: Alright, let's keep at it and go on to our next song.
Lisa, Ako & Rinko: Okay.
Sayo: ...
Sayo: (... To continue playing the guitar my whole life...)
Sayo: (I've never even considered something so far in the future or pictured myself after I've stood on the same stage as Hina...)
Sayo: (My life after that point...)
Yukina: ...
Sayo: ...
(Black cut)
Ako: Mmm~, I nailed it! Hey, Rin-rin, what did you think of that last bit?!
Rinko: It was really amazing... But you also accented a different part during the middle of the song... didn't you...?
Ako: You noticed~! I had a feeling you might!
Ako: I know this set list isn't final, but I'm going all out trying super-duper cool stuff with the drums now 'cause I wanna go boom when it's time for the real thing!
Lisa: Ooh~, you're on a roll there, Ako! Taking a page from someone, are we? "Treat practice like the real show and be serious; treat the real show like practice and relax."
Ako: Yeah! Isn't that right, Sayo-san?
Sayo: Hm? Ah... yes.
Ako: Sayo-san~, are you sure you were even listening?
Yukina: This is a good place to stop. Let's take a short break... Sayo.
Sayo: ...? Yes?
Yukina: Can we talk a little?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
