event25-05 Chapter 4: Brave

Lisa goes to ask Kokoro about her way of writing lyrics, but it turns out to be a bizarre collaboration with Misaki...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Lisa Imai)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Lisa: Sorry to drag you two along~, I know we're only here for my sake.
Kasumi: It's no problem! Totally cool! Thanks to you, I was able to get my homework done so quickly, and there's still time before rehearsal!
Arisa: But to think you would come to ask Tsurumaki-san how she writes lyrics... How do I put this...? You're very... brave.
Lisa: You think so? I've already done so much so I want to hear what everyone has to say☆
Lisa: I haven't really had much of a chance to talk to Kokoro before though, so you guys being here will be really helpful~♪ Thank you~.
Kasumi: Even so, no matter how many times I see this place, I'm always so amazed~.
Lisa: Yeah, I was shocked... Those people in the black suits from earlier... What do they do?
Arisa: You can ask, but I think you probably won't get it... Actually, I don't really get it myself.
Lisa: Really...? Alright, I think I'll keep my questions to myself then.
Kokoro: Welcome all! Kasumi, Arisa...! And you're... Lisa, right?! Thanks for coming!
Kasumi: Ah, Kokoron is here~!
Lisa: Sorry to barge in like this☆ And also for dropping by on such short notice, Kokoro.
Kokoro: That's okay! I'm happy you're here! Think about it! Now there are so many more people to participate in our activities! Today's gonna be a ton of fun! Right, Misaki?!
Arisa: Hm? So Okusawa-san is here too?
Misaki: Yo, 'sup?
Kokoro: Alright! Let's start, Misaki! It's time for our Hello, Happy Meeting!
Lisa: Huh? Hello, Happy... Meeting?
Misaki: No no no, no Hello, Happy Meeting. These girls are from completely different bands.
Kokoro: That doesn't matter to me! It'll be so much more fun with everyone taking part!
Lisa: Did we interrupt something important? Sorry about that. Didn't mean to bother you while you're busy.
Misaki: Nah, don't worry about it. Actually, we didn't even have a meeting planned for now.
Lisa: Really? So then what were you two doing?
Misaki: Uhm, to put it simply... It's kinda like... we were working through a concept for our new song.
Lisa: Wow! That's perfect! On that note, I actually came to talk to Kokoro about something!
Misaki: You came to talk to Kokoro... That's rather... brave.
Kasumi: Arisa just said the same thing...
Kokoro: Lisa! What do you want to talk about? Say whatever's on your mind, I'm all ears!
Lisa: Thanks, Kokoro! So the thing I wanted to ask you about is lyrics.
Kokoro: Spirits? You're gonna be conjuring spirits?! That's absolutely wonderful! I think you should learn to call as many as possible!
Misaki: Uh-uhm... I'm sure Kokoro has no idea what's going on, so if you don't mind, I can answer your question.
Lisa: Ahaha, thanks☆
Misaki: ... Even if I do, though, I kinda doubt our way of doing things will be of any help. The way we create music is a bit unique...
Kasumi: Unique...? Wait, what? What do you mean?
Misaki: Look, you see that huge white paper spread out over there?
Lisa: Mhm, mhm! The one that has all the graffiti-looking stuff on it, right?
Misaki: That's the one. That's how we make our songs...
Lisa: ... Huh? What? I understand even less than I thought I would...
Kokoro: Ah! Hold the phone! I just thought of a super duper great image for our song! I'm gonna go draw it!
Kokoro: Hmhmhmhmm~♪ Fufu~♪ Hmhmhm~, hm~♪
Misaki: ... So you see Kokoro drawing with a crayon, right? I look at her picture, somehow get an idea of what she's thinking, and I make it into a song... Yeah...
Kasumi: That way of doing things is so like Kokoron...
Arisa: Forget that! You guys seriously made it this far by doing that?!
Misaki: Haha... I actually feel the same way, but... I guess you could say that I've come to understand what Kokoro is thinking, little by little... As strange as that sounds...
Kokoro: Ah! Misaki! I think I should draw a lion and an elephant here! And then, they can be great buds and eat shaved ice!
Misaki: Uhh~, so if you have a lion and an elephant... And... they're great buds eating shaved ice... Hm...
Misaki: ... Ah, okay okay. So you want kind of a rock melody, right? But the lyrics should be cute with like, a lot of animals. Ah, and I should put in phrases like "cool breeze" and whatnot, yeah?
Kokoro: I'll leave the rest to you, Misaki!
Misaki: So, that's pretty much how it goes... At first, it sounded like complete nonsense to me, but somehow, I've gotten used to it. Kinda scary, huh...?
Lisa: ... I-I see~. S-so that's another way of writing lyrics? There sure are a lot of methods~...
Misaki: ... See. As I suspected, that probably isn't going to help you, is it...? Sorry about that...
Lisa: ... N-no, no need to apologize! It does! And I sort of think I get it.
Arisa: What~?! There's absolutely no way anyone could understand that without your level of communication~.
Lisa: That's not true. So this is probably what you're saying: Kokoro makes your flan mixture... and then Misaki takes it, puts it into a shape and solidifies it... Like that?
Lisa: I guess you could say that you take Kokoro's vague language and you translate it so that everyone can understand.
Misaki: Yeah, I supposed you could think about it like that.
Arisa: L-Lisa-san... You're amazing...!
Lisa: I see, so when you're writing lyrics, it doesn't have to be just one person. You can work together with someone else to make it happen♪
Lisa: ... Ah, kinda like how I've already had Ran, Kasumi and Kokoro all help me.
Lisa: ... No, they're not the only ones. Even Arisa, Misaki... and Moca! You've all had a hand in this too! Hmhmm, I see~.
Arisa: Wh-what happened, Lisa-san...?
Lisa: Guys, thanks for your help! I'm gonna use everything I've been told, and give it my best shot☆
Kasumi: Lisa-san! Good luck~!
Lisa: Mhm!
