event25-04 Chapter 3: Sparkling and Heart-Pounding?

Kasumi tells Lisa about her writing method, but it seems her way of doing things is quite peculiar...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Lisa Imai)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Hey~, Kasumi~!
Kasumi: Wah! Arisa~, you're late~! And you promised we would do homework together before rehearsal~!
Arisa: Sorry, my bad. I got caught up in conversation with someone.
Kasumi: Huh? Who's 'someone'?
Lisa: Ta-da~, heyya~, Kasumi~☆
Kasumi: Ah, Lisa-san?! Hey! Wh-what's going on? You guys are never together... ever!
Arisa: I was surprised myself. I was at the school gate when someone called out to me. I turned to look and there was Lisa-san. I thought something happened.
Lisa: There's something I wanted to talk to you about, Kasumi, so I had Arisa bring me along.
Kasumi: Huh? You wanna talk to me? About what?!
Lisa: Well, it's just... I decided to try my hand at writing song lyrics...
Kasumi: Whoa whoa! You're writing lyrics?! Ooo~, I wonder what they're like! I wanna see, I wanna see! Show me!
Arisa: Calm the hell down!
Arisa: She said she wants to ask you about how you write your lyrics.
Kasumi: Huh? How I do it?
Lisa: That's right~. I thought I would get started on writing, but when I picked up my pen, I couldn't even write one line~...
Lisa: So, as you can see, I'm going around talking to the lyricists of each band.
Kasumi: Ohh~... Uhm, when I want to writ-
Lisa: Ah, hold on a sec'! Before that, weren't you just saying you had homework to do? Let's take care of that first! I'll look it over for you☆
Kasumi: Huh?! What?! Are you sure?!
Lisa: We both need help, don't we? Besides, after we're done, you have to tell me everything you possibly can♪
Kasumi: Lisa-san, you're so kind~!! Uhm, okay. So I have this math problem... This one! I have to solve this one...!
(Black cut)

[20 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: I did it~! It's all done~! Thanks, Lisa-san!
Lisa: As long as you know which formula to use for that one, it becomes very simple☆
Kasumi: Yeah!
Arisa: And with that, now it's your turn to teach Lisa-san.
Kasumi: Uhh, you wanted to know how I write my lyrics, right?!
Lisa: Tell me whatever you know, Kasumi-sensei!
Kasumi: Ehehe~. S-stop it~. Don't call me sensei~.
Kasumi: Uhm~, so the thing I pay attention to the most when writing is how much sparkling and heart-pounding I can feel... Yeah!
Lisa: Huh? Sparkling... and heart-pounding...?
Kasumi: Yep! How do I put this? I think there are a lot more sparkling and heart-pounding things out there than people realize...
Kasumi: And I find those things!
Arisa: That's too abstract! Say something easier to understand!
Kasumi: But, but~, that's really the only thing I do~!
Lisa: How about an example? Like when exactly do you feel this... sparkling and heart-pounding?
Kasumi: Like~... Oh, I know! You know when you wake up in the morning and outside your window, there are birds singing?
Kasumi: Their chirping is sparkling and heart-pounding... And when I walk down the stairs to eat breakfast and the sweet smell of bread baking enters my nose...
Kasumi: That feels sparkling and heart-pounding too! ... D-do you get it?
Arisa: You're not making any sense!
Lisa: Hm~... Sorry, Kasumi! Just a bit more! I feel like I've almost got it.
Kasumi: W-well, uhm... There are a lot of sparkling, heart-pounding things in places that seem completely ordinary! Just that people don't notice them!
Kasumi: So I wanna find those things, and share them with everyone so they can feel it too, I guess...
Lisa: I think I might finally get it... So it's probably like this, right?
Lisa: A pound cake is simple, but when you say it's homemade, it feels special... Kinda like that?
Arisa: Lisa-san... Why are you talking about desserts?
Lisa: Sorry! I just thought it'd be easier to understand using language I'm more familiar with.
Lisa: The point is, even if you're looking at something common, if you change how you look at it, you can see it shine! ... How's that, Kasumi? Am I right?!
Kasumi: Yeah, that's it! That's what I wanted to say! I'm turning that sparkling and heart-pounding into lyrics!
Lisa: I see~. So that's another way of looking of it, huh?
Arisa: ... Uhm, Lisa-san. I'm sorry that Kasumi could only speak in such abstract terms...
Lisa: No no! That's not true☆ I understood completely!
Arisa: To be able to grasp what she said... Lisa-san, you have some amazing communication skills...
Lisa: No way, Kasumi's explanation was great♪ Thank you so much! As I expected, you've been a big help, Kasumi-sensei☆
Kasumi: Ehehe~♪
Lisa: Ah, and I have to thank you too, Arisa! Thanks a lot♪
