event25-01 Opening: For Roselia's Sake

Lisa wants to help Roselia more, so she begins to search for something she can do...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Mmm~! Another week, another great episode~♪
Lisa: With the older student keeping those true feelings a secret, the suspense in this drama is killing me~.
Lisa: You think a girl is always gonna be there with you, and then when she disappears, everything gets thrown off. I just couldn't help but smile, seeing that kind of thing♪
Lisa: ... Hm? That reminds me. I feel like someone told me something similar before...
Lisa: ... Ah! I remember! It was the time when I couldn't make it to Roselia practice!
Lisa: When my shift ended and I went over to the studio, I could see it on their face: a sigh of relief from the bottom of their hearts. And Ako was like "I missed you~!" Then she ran over and hugged me♪
Lisa: Ahaha, that made me so happy~☆ I had no idea they needed me there that badly...
Lisa: ... Speaking of, that was the time when I started thinking a lot more about Roselia.
Lisa: About how I wanted to be more helpful to everyone...
Lisa: ...
Lisa: I wonder if there's something more I can do for us.
Lisa: (Something besides just shaping the mood... Something that would benefit the others more...)
Lisa: Maybe I should try my hand at something new... I'm sure it would be good for the band...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Convenience Store - Lisa & Moca's Shift]

Moca: ... And then~, we went looking for matching accessories~, but on our way, Ran remembered that a band she likes just released a record~, so we ended up going into the music store~.
Lisa: Ahaha, so in the end, you guys ended up buying a record instead of accessories? And that's why you were saying you'll get your revenge, huh?
Moca: Every time we pass by the music store, Ran gets like that~. I hope I can buy that charm next time~.
Moca: Oh yeah~. While we were there, I bought the same record~. You wanna listen to it later~? It's the same band from that album I lent you last time.
Lisa: Ah, yeah, yeah~! I've been listening to them non-stop ever since☆
Lisa: The lyrics in their songs are awesome~. It fits together so well with the voice of the singer♪
Moca: Maybe that's because the singer is the one writing them~? They understand their own voice... I guess.
Lisa: I see. And that's why the voice and the words vibe perfectly♪
Lisa: So the singer also writes the lyrics... Now that you mention it, yeah. Yukina writes for Roselia too~.
Moca: And Ran writes for us~.
Lisa: ... You sure do hear that a lot. The singer is usually the lyricist and the composer.
Lisa: Has Ran always done the writing for Afterglow?
Moca: Uhm, it was a bit different a while ago~.
Lisa: Oh, really?
Moca: Well~, there's a story that'd make you cry your eyes out, but I'm gonna keep it a secret~.
Lisa: A-a secret, huh? I guess I can't ask about it then...
Moca: Doesn't writing lyrics seem hard though~? Whenever Ran can't come up with something she likes, she becomes even more frustrated than usual~.
Moca: And when I try to talk to her, she ignores me~.
Lisa: I totally get it. Sometimes when Yukina starts writing, I can see the light on in her room all night.
Lisa: And I look at that and think, if only I could give her a hand by trading... places... Ahh!
Moca: Wah, h-hey... Lisa-san...? What's gotten into you~...?
Lisa: That's it! Lyrics, Moca! Lyrics!
Moca: Huh? What about 'em?
Lisa: If I learn how to write them, I think that would take a lot of the weight off of Yukina's shoulders☆
Lisa: I finally found it... The thing I've been looking for since yesterday! I've been wondering if there's something I could do to help Roselia more!
Moca: Wow~, you're amazing, Lisa-san. First you fill their stomachs with sweet cookies, and now you're gonna fill their ears with sweet lyrics...
Moca: Ah, I get it. By any chance... were you planning to say that you want to make ear candy~?
Lisa: N-no, I wasn't! That was just a coincidence! Besides, I didn't expect this idea to come up either!
Moca: Anyway~, I think if you want to do it, then it's something you should do~.
Lisa: I knew you would agree!
Lisa: Mhm! Alright! Thinking long and hard about it isn't gonna get me anywhere!
Lisa: Lisa Imai! It's time for you to try your hand at writing lyrics☆
Moca: ... Ah, you're way more into this than I thought you'd be~.
