event104-04 Chapter 3: Memories of Childhood

Aya and the others go to talk to the person who knows the most about Hina. Who would that person be...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa)

[Walking Home from the Shopping Mall]

Maya: I see, so Hazawa-san told you that? Now that you mention it, I do recall something like that happening.
Eve: What? You knew about this, Maya-san?
Maya: Yeah. One time when I was heading to Theater-Club practice, I saw Hina-san holding a pile of surveys.
Maya: She showed me each one proudly-
Maya: Oh? That reminds me... I think Hina-san might have said "boppidy bop boppin'" that time...
Aya: What?! Maya-chan, are you serious...?!
Maya: Y-yes, maybe... If my memory serves me...
Eve: We did it! Our first clue about boppidy bop boppin'!
Chisato: We might finally be able to move forward a little. But... We're going to need more information if we want to determine what counts as boppidy bop boppin'.
Aya: Then let's try and remember some other time Hina-chan has said it!
Eve: I think that is a good idea! We may recollect something like Maya-san did!
Aya: Umm, let's see... Boppidy bop boppin'... Hmm...
Chisato: ... It's no use. I have many memories of Hina-chan, but I don't remember her ever saying that.
Eve: Fufufu.
Maya: Huh? Eve-san?
Eve: What?! S-sorry! It was imprudent to laugh while everyone was thinking so seriously.
Maya: I don't think it was rude. I was just wondering what was so funny.
Eve: Well... Looking back on my memories with Hina-san, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is in so many of them...
Aya: Ah, mine too! We have all sorts of memories together~.
Eve: It just made me happy. It made me feel like we are all in this together.
Maya: You mean in Pastel＊Palettes? Huhehe... It's so obvious, but you're right.
Chisato: Hehe, guys? I'm afraid we've gone a bit off-topic.
Aya: Ah... Sorry, Chisato-chan.
Chisato: No need to apologize. I just think since we are doing this together, it wouldn't look very well for us if we were unable to give Hina-chan the chocolate she wants. Don't you agree?
Maya: Yes, you're right. Let's get back on track! If we can't recall any instances, our only other option is to ask some other people about it.
Aya: Other people~. Like who~? ... Ah, I know! The person who knows Hina-chan best!
Chisato: The person who knows her best? Do you mean...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Restaurant]

Sayo: I see, so you are giving Hina some chocolates.
Sayo: I understand your predicament now. I apologize for the inconvenience she is causing. I am always telling her she needs to express her feelings with proper words...
Maya: A-ahaha... But we often realize new things thanks to the way she shares her feelings. It gives us the push we need sometimes too.
Sayo: That is kind of you to say. Now, what would you like to ask me?
Chisato: It's about Hina-chan's "boppidy bop boppin'."
Sayo: B-boppidy bop boppin'?
Eve: Yes! We would like to know when she is most likely to say this!
Sayo: I-I see. When she's most likely...
Aya: Please, Sayo-chan! You're our last hope!
Sayo: ... Sigh. Understood. Frankly speaking, I do not know when or why Hina says boppidy bop boppin'.
Eve & Aya: Huh?!
Sayo: It's true, I have heard her say it several times. However, I do not fully understand what makes her do so.
Chisato: It's the same for us. So even you don't know?
Sayo: Sorry I cannot be of much help. I'm not sure if it will be of use, but this talk of gifts did remind me of one thing.
Eve: What is it?! Please tell us, Sayo-san!
Sayo: Alright. When we were children, our summer homework was to draw a picture of a family member.
Aya: Ah, how nostalgic~! I remember doing stuff like that. I asked my mom to pose for me~.
Sayo: Yes, at first I also asked our mother. However, Hina suggested that we draw each other instead. So I drew a picture of Hina, and she drew one of me.
Aya: Wow~. So you two were that close, even when you were little?
Sayo: Well, perhaps we were. Anyhow, we began to draw, and Hina finished hers very quickly.
Sayo: On the other hand, I struggled to draw something I was satisfied with... I was wondering when Hina would grow tired of posing for me, and I felt rather anxious.
Chisato: I can imagine that Hina-chan would grow impatient and fidget a lot.
Sayo: Yes. But strangely enough, she waited patiently until I was finished.
Sayo: And when I showed her the final product, her eyes lit up and she said "I want to keep it."
Aya: What? But wasn't that your summer homework?
Sayo: Yes, I told her she couldn't, as I had to hand it in at school. Despite this, she kept insisting, so I promised her I would give it to her as a gift once the school returned it to me.
Sayo: Then, when I gave it to her as promised, she happily hung it on her wall.
Sayo: I only thought of it as something that I drew for homework, but... It seems it was something else in Hina's eyes.
Eve: Hina-san was very happy to receive a picture from you then, Sayo-san! Where is that picture now? I would love to see it!
Sayo: I'm not sure... It was a long time ago, so I suppose it's in the back of a closet somewhere?
Sayo: It was a rather long story, but that is what I remembered when you mentioned the word "present."
Maya: ...
Aya: Thank you for your wonderful story, Sayo-chan! We'll do our best to make Hina-chan just as happy with our gift!
Sayo: Fufu, Hina is lucky to have friends who think about her as much as you all do.
Sayo: Please keep taking good care of her.
