event104-06 Chapter 5: Let's Make Valentine Chocolates!

The Valentine's Day episode begins. Maya and the others begin making chocolate.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games TV Recording]

Hina: Welcome to the All Fun and Games TV Valentine's Day Special, "Chocolates for Hina-chan♪ Pastel＊Palettes' Valentine's Chocolate Dojo"!
Hina: Hey there! I'm Hina Hikawa, guitarist of Pastel＊Palettes! I'll be your host for this episode!
Hina: Let's... get... this... party... started... Hey, everyone! Are you ready to make me some Valentine's chocolates?!
Maya, Chisato, Eve & Aya: Yeah!
Hina: That's the spirit. This is so boppin'♪ Let's get straight to business; it's baking time!
Chisato: W-wait a minute. Wouldn't it be better if you explained what we're going to do today, and asked us how we're feeling?
Hina: Awww, but we explained it last time. Why should I do it again? And I know how you are, we just had a chat in the dressing room.
Chisato: But our viewers don't know that. And besides, some of our viewers may not have tuned in to our last broadcast...
Hina: Yeah, yeah, don't worry about little things like that~.
Eve: I feel like Hina-san is somehow in higher spirits than usual.
Maya: I'm sure she's just looking forward to our chocolates.
Hina: Alright, here we go! Valentine's Day chocolate making starts... now!
(Black cut)

[Valentine's Day Chocolate-Making Time]

Eve: ... Just like that. Now I just have to cut them into shapes and bake them in the oven...
Hina: Eve-chan! It's interview time! So tell me, what're you making?
Eve: I am making gingerbread men! Since it is Valentine's Day, I would like to make them chocolate flavored!
Hina: Yay! I like those. They look delicious, and the shape is interesting, very boppin'♪
Eve: I said a lot of magic words today, so they should be even tastier than usual!
Hina: Really?! You should say even more then!
Eve: Leave it to me!
Hina: Will do! Next up, we have Aya-chan and Maya-chan!
Maya: With that, we are more or less finished with the prep.
Aya: Yeah! We have to leave them in the fridge for an hour, so should we move on to the next step while we wait?
Hina: A-Aya-chan, you're moving so fast...
Aya: Huh? What's wrong, Hina-chan?
Hina: I came over to interview you two, but... this is unexpected.
Aya: U-unexpected? Why?
Hina: I mean, you're doing so well, Aya-chan. I knew Maya-chan would, but- Anyway, what are you two making?
Maya: We are making bite-sized chocolates! We're being very particular about the texture, and of course, the taste!
Aya: You were talking about this during practice, right, Maya-chan? How you wanted to make glossy chocolates.
Maya: That's how I learned that tempering is the most important step. Made perfectly! Not a second or a degree off!
Hina: Ohh, you're getting into it. I hope it turns out as glossy as a mirror!
Hina: Lastly, we have Chisato-chan...
Chisato: ... Phew.
Hina: Chisato-chan~♪ How's it going?
Chisato: Hina-chan. It's going well. My wrist just got a bit tired from mixing the dough.
Aya: When that happens, you should hold the whisk in the center and use your whole lower arm to mix it.
Chisato: Oh, really?
Aya: Yeah! It's less tiring and gets lots of air in the mixture, so you can make a really fluffy pound cake♪
Chisato: I see. Thanks, Aya-chan. You're a great help.
Hina: This is rare. It's like you've switched roles or something.
Chisato: ... For the record, I practiced this thoroughly. I may have to play a patissier one day for work, so perhaps I should practice more regularly from now on.
Hina: Ahaha, Chisato-chan, you're so serious. But it looks like everyone is doing well.
Hina: Now, I wonder how the boomin' chocolates are gonna turn out. And what will they taste like? I can't wait to find out!
Maya: B-boomin'?
Hina: Yeah. You guys are making me all sorts of chocolates since I said eating lots of different things makes me happy, right?
Hina: Which means you're trying to make boomin' chocolates, right? I'm so excited♪ Anyway, I'm going back to my seat!
Maya, Chisato, Aya & Eve: ...
(Black cut)

[Intermission]

Chisato: I wonder how we didn't notice... She did say she wanted to eat something boomin' with us when we talked about going to that buffet.
Maya: It's like when we were thinking about "boppidy bop boppin'." We got too hung up on it and couldn't see anything else.
Eve: Wh-what should we do...? What should we make...?
Aya: Hina-chan was really looking forward to this... W-we have to come up with something! If we put our heads together, I'm sure we'll come up with a good idea!
Maya: Hm? 'Together', huh?
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Hina: That's why this is so boppin'♪ Having everyone in the band do something together makes it feel special!
Maya: Hina-san... Huhehe... You're making me blush. But I'm also happy that we're all finally spending time together!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Maya: Yeah! Didn't Hina-san say before that having all of us do something together makes things feel special?!
Chisato: ... I believe she did say something along those lines.
Maya: So if we take that comment and give it a shape, can't we make some boomin' chocolates? Like this, for example...!
