event104-01 Opening: Boppidy Boppin' Chocolate?

A Valentine's Day episode is coming up on the Pastel＊Palettes TV show, "All Fun and Games."

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games TV Recording]

Chisato: ... Now, unfortunately, it's time for us to say goodbye. Thank you for tuning in again to watch the All Fun and Games TV online broadcast♪
Chisato: Everyone, let's say a final message for our viewers.
Maya: Okay! The next episode of All Fun and Games TV will be streamed on February fourteenth!
Aya: And you all know what day that is, right? You guessed it! Next episode's topic will be...
Hina: "Chocolates for Hina-chan♪ Pastel＊Palettes' Valentine's Chocolate Dojo"!
Aya: Whaaat?! Wh-what's with the title? That wasn't in the script~.
Maya: The title hasn't been decided yet, but as Hina-san said, it will be a Valentine's Day special.
Eve: And Hina-san will be the MC instead of Chisato-san, is that correct?
Chisato: As Hina-chan mentioned, we are going to combine our efforts to make chocolates♪
Hina: Be sure to tune in! By the way, the theme of the chocolates will be "Boppidy Bop Boppin' Chocolate♪"
Maya: (Boppidy Bop Boppin' Chocolate...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After the Recording]

[Dressing Room]

Maya: Good work, everyone! We finished recording without a hitch!
Eve: Our segment went very well! The giant jump rope and gesture game were so much fun♪
Maya: Let's keep it up so we can give our fans another fun variety show next time!
Aya: Sigh~...
Maya: A-Aya-san, what's wrong? That was a big sigh...
Aya: Sorry, everyone... My mind went blank near the end again. Just when I thought I'd finally get through a show without messing up...
Hina: Don't even worry about it. It's almost guaranteed that you'll mess up somehow, right? I bet the fans loved it.
Aya: Well, that's also kind of a problem~. Sigh... I wish I was good at ad-libbing.
Hina: Aya-chan, you always say that. Ad-libbing isn't that hard, you know. It's just saying whatever comes to mind!
Chisato: In your case, Hina-chan, I think it might be more accurate to say that you do things unexpectedly rather than ad-lib.
Chisato: You spontaneously decided on the title of the Valentine's Day special, and you revealed what the theme of the chocolates would be. I really wasn't expecting that.
Hina: Yeah, but I just get the urge to say these things. You all followed my lead, so isn't it fine in the end?
Eve: Yes! Assisting your friends in a pinch is the bushido way!
Maya: Leave it to us to do what we can!
Hina: See, Eve-chan and Maya-chan don't mind.
Chisato: Unbelievable, you are all too soft on Hina-chan.
Maya: About that chocolate theme, erm... Hina-san? I just wanted to check, but you didn't mean "Boppin' Chocolate," did you...?
Hina: No, it's "Boppidy Bop Boppin' Chocolate♪"
Chisato: Yes... I'd understand if it was just "boppin'," but I've never really heard you say "boppidy bop boppin'" before.
Eve: Are they not... the same?
Hina: No. Boppin' is boppin', and boppidy bop boppin' is boppidy bop boppin'♪
Aya: Hina-chan, can I ask you a little more about that? What kind of chocolate is boppidy bop boppin'?
Hina: You can't ask me that. If I know what kind of chocolate I'm gonna get, I wouldn't be able to call them boppidy bop boppin' anymore.
Aya: Ah! R-right...
Maya: Well, that makes one riddle we'll have to figure out. Maybe a more general question would be better.
Eve: How about, what kind of chocolate do you like?
Hina: What do I like? Sweet chocolate is good, but so is bitter chocolate. Ah! I like chocolate cookies and cakes too!
Chisato: In other words, you like anything chocolate.
Hina: Yeah! But this year, my favorite has to be boppidy bop boppin' chocolate♪
Maya: This year?
Hina: I love Valentine's Day so much. I mean, it's like a big festival, you know?
Chisato: Yes. It does get the entire world excited, so you're not wrong there.
Hina: Right? You get chocolates from everyone on that day so it's like a big festival.
Hina: I really want some that are boppidy bop boppin'! I can't wait for our next recording♪
Staff: Excuse me. Hikawa-san, it's almost time to go.
Hina: Huh? Do I have something else on my schedule today?
Staff: Yes... I believe I told you about it last week...
Hina: Right, right. Okay, I'm off then, everyone. Bye-bye!
Chisato: Boppidy bop boppin' chocolate. I wonder what kind of chocolate that is. I can't picture it at all.
Maya: Hina-san's "boppin'" and "boppidy bop boppin'" are more like concepts. So rather than ask her specific questions now, I think it might be quicker to ask once the concepts have taken shape.
Aya: But... I can't even imagine what that shape might be!
Maya: Then how about we start by thinking about what kind of chocolate boppin' chocolate could be?
Aya: What? But she said we're making boppidy bop boppin' chocolate, didn't she?
Maya: Well, yes, but I believe boppidy bop boppin' chocolate is just the next stage of boppin' chocolate. You guys think so too, right?
Eve: Yes! I think that boppidy bop boppin' originates from boppin'!
Maya: In other words, they are going in the same direction. So if we can figure out what boppin' chocolate is, then...
Chisato: Then we might be able to understand what boppidy bop boppin' chocolate is, correct?
Eve: We do hear her say boppin' a lot, so perhaps this is the easiest way to comprehend it!
Aya: Okay, so let's each think about it on our own until our next lesson! We've got to make Hina-chan say "boppidy bop boppin' "~!
