event104-03 Chapter 2: When Hina Is Boppin'♪

By chance, Maya and the others run into Tsugumi at the shopping mall's Valentine's Day fair...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[A Few Days Later]

[Shopping Mall - Valentine's Day Corner]

Eve: Everybody, please look! There are so many chocolates!
Maya: This is amazing~. It's considerably more spectacular than the other places. It's almost blinding.
Aya: This chocolate cake looks delicious~♪ Look at all the strawberries and cherries on top~.
Hina: Look, look! There's a snowman on this one!
Chisato: There are quite a few different boxes too. They really do pull out all the stops for Valentine's Day.
Eve: I am glad we came, just as Aya-san suggested! This will be a good reference for our own chocolates.
Aya: I'm glad you think so~. The chocolate festival I went to last year with Himari-chan and the others gave me a lot of ideas, so I thought this might be useful for us.
Hina: You know, Aya-chan, sometimes you say things that really surprise me. It's great~.
Aya: Ehehe~... Huh? Is that a compliment?
Maya: That reminds me, Hina-san, don't you have plans tonight? Sorry for making you come along with us...
Hina: I was the one who wanted to come, so don't worry about it. I'm actually having a lot of fun!
Hina: You're all working hard to consider what I'd like, and we're all together for the first time in ages!
Chisato: Has it really been that long? I think we're together rather often during lessons and jobs.
Hina: But that's work. I'm talking about during our free time.
Maya: You're right... We eat together after lessons and jobs, but we haven't all been able to do so recently.
Hina: Right? We have more individual jobs lately, so it's been harder to spend time together!
Hina: That's why this is so boppin'. Having everyone in the band do something together makes it feel special!
Maya: Hina-san... Huhehe... You're making me blush. But I'm also happy that we're all finally spending time together!
Hina: Yeah! Ah, it looks like they have all sorts of chocolates in the back there! Let's go have a look!
Maya: Ahh! Hina-san, please don't pull me by the arm like that...!
Chisato: Hina-chan, no running! Unbelievable, she's so hyper...
Aya: She can't help it. Hina-chan is boppin', after all! I also feel kinda boppin' now~♪
Eve: Yes! Me too! I am very happy to have heard Hina-san's feelings!
Chisato: (Perhaps it's all this "boppidy bop boppin'" talk, but these two have started saying boppin' on a regular basis.)
???: Ah, Eve-chan!
Eve: It's Tsugumi-san! What a coincidence! Are you shopping?
Tsugumi: I thought I would make Valentine's chocolates for everyone in Afterglow.
Chisato: So you came to look at the chocolates in the Valentine's Day Corner? We're also here to look at them for work.
Tsugumi: Ah, for your work? Idols are impressive... You even do work during your free time.
Aya: N-no, we're not~. We're just doing what we think we should do~.
Tsugumi: And I think that is wonderful! I always think about this when I look at Hina-senpai.
Tsugumi: She may not show it around the student council, but I am sure she thinks about work a lot in her head!
Eve: Student council...
Eve: Huh?! Oh, that's right! Tsugumi-san and Hina-san are on the student council together!
Tsugumi: What? Y-yes, we are...
Chisato: ... I see what you're getting at, Eve-chan. Tsugumi-chan, we have some things we want to ask you. Could you spare a moment?
Tsugumi: S-sure. If it is something I can answer...
Chisato: Alright, I'll get straight to the point. Have you ever heard Hina-chan say "boppidy bop boppin'"?
Tsugumi: Boppidy bop boppin'...? Erm, I assume you mean "boppin' "?
Aya: No, it's like the next level of boppin', I think~.
Tsugumi: The next level of boppin'...?!
Chisato: Sorry. It is quite a confusing question to ask so suddenly.
Chisato: It has something to do with our next job, so we are looking into it. If you remember anything that might help us, please let us know.
Tsugumi: S-sure... But I don't think I've heard her say that before.
Aya: I see~. Hina-chan hardly ever says it anyway.
Tsugumi: S-sorry I can't be of much help... Although I do hear her say "boppin'" a lot.
Aya: Yeah, you'd think boppin' is like her middle name or something.
Tsugumi: Yes, she says it whenever she thinks of an idea during our student-council meetings.
Chisato: Hina-chan's ideas... That sounds a little scary.
Tsugumi: She does have quite a few wild ones, so it is difficult to follow along sometimes...
Tsugumi: But it's worth doing! It helps me realize how school is becoming more and more enjoyable.
Eve: How do you mean? I am intrigued!
Tsugumi: For example, our school regularly has students fill out surveys, and some people wrote "school has become more fun than before."
Tsugumi: One person even wrote "Every day is fun! I love President Hina!" There were so many words of praise and support for the student council!
Chisato: I understand that feeling well. It feels good to see your efforts come to fruition.
Tsugumi: It does! Hina-senpai was also very pleased!
Tsugumi: On that day, her eyes were sparkling as she read through all of the surveys~.
Tsugumi: Oh, it's my mother. ... Ah, sorry! It seems they need help at the store, so I must go now.
Chisato: Thanks for telling us about the student council. Good luck at work.
Tsugumi: Thank you very much! Good luck with your work too! I hope you find out what "boppidy bop boppin'" means.
