event104-05 Chapter 4: Filled with Our Sentiments

Maya realizes something while listening to Tsugumi and Sayo talk about Hina...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Walking Home from the Restaurant]

Aya: Sayo-chan told us to look after Hina-chan!
Eve: She did! I am very happy that she trusts us enough to do so!
Chisato: We have to make sure we don't lose that trust.
Aya: Yeah!
Maya: ...
Eve: Maya-san, what is wrong? You have been deep in thought ever since the restaurant...
Maya: Huh? ... Ah, s-sorry!
Chisato: You have been awfully quiet since hearing Sayo-chan's story. What's the matter?
Maya: Nothing, I just... I had a thought about our Valentine's chocolates for Hina-san.
Aya: What? Tell us, Maya-chan!
Maya: A-actually, it kind of goes back on our original plan, but...
Maya: We might not need to make the perfect boppidy bop boppin' chocolate for Hina-san.
Eve: What?! B-but, Hina-san said the theme was boppidy bop boppin' chocolate, didn't she?
Maya: Y-yeah, she did, but... Ngh, how do I explain this...?
Chisato: There's no need to rush. Take your time, and please tell us what you're thinking.
Maya: O-Okay. ... Well, I thought about what Hazawa-san and Sayo-san told us except from Hina-san's perspective.
Maya: And it got me thinking, perhaps the most important thing here is that we put all of our feelings into making the chocolates.
Eve: All of our feelings...
Maya: Hazawa-san said Hina-san's eyes lit up when she read the comments in the surveys, right?
Chisato: Yes, she said she read through every single one.
Maya: So I think that they made her happy because they were basically the feelings of her classmates.
Aya: Yeah, yeah! When people thank me, it always makes my day~.
Maya: There's that too. And doesn't it also feel good when others enjoy something just as much as you do?
Chisato: In other words... She was happy to be understood. Is that what you mean?
Maya: Bingo! The surveys showed people's understanding and gratitude for Hina-san, so I think that's why her eyes lit up!
Chisato: I suppose since Hina-chan is aware that she's different from most people, seeing others share the same feelings as her own could be quite moving.
Maya: It's the same with Sayo-san's drawing. Hina-san was surely moved by Sayo-san's feelings.
Maya: The feeling of not wanting to draw a half-hearted picture of Hina-san. Not to mention the feeling of wanting to draw Hina-san properly to show everyone.
Maya: Because Sayo-san conveyed these feelings, Hina-san might have seen their summer homework as a sort of special gift for her.
Eve: I see! Hina-san did say something like that when we went to the Valentine's Day Corner at the shopping mall! She said she was happy we were all working hard for her.
Eve: Perhaps at that time, she was pleased with the feelings that we all showed by thinking about her so seriously!
Chisato: We may have been overthinking this whole thing. Putting all of our feelings into making chocolates for someone... It's so simple that we overlooked it.
Eve: How about we go back to our starting point?!
Aya: Starting point?
Eve: Our first idea, the "many-flavored, cutely-shaped and cutely-wrapped chocolate"!
Maya: That sounds like a good idea. Hina-san did say she prefers eating a variety of things like you do at a buffet. I don't think there'll be any problems if we go in this direction.
Eve: Let us put all of our feelings into making chocolates that Hina-san will love!
Chisato: Then we should decide on what each of us is going to make.
Eve: I will make chocolate gingerbread men!
Maya: I will attempt to make bite-sized chocolates. I aim to make them into perfect little squares!
Aya: I wanna make bite-sized chocolates too! If you're making square ones, I'll make round ones... Ah, I'll make each one a different flavor too♪
Chisato: Alright, then I will make a chocolate-flavored snack like Eve-chan to balance it all out.
Aya: So it's decided then. Let's meet up before the recording and practice!
Eve: I agree! We must train ourselves so we can give Hina-san the best chocolates ever during the show!
Chisato: I'll look up everyone's schedules. This week... we all seem to be free on Saturday afternoon.
Maya: Then Saturday it is! Let's do this, guys!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

[All Fun and Games TV Dressing Room]

Hina: I'm so excited♪ Hey, hey, what kind of chocolates are you making for me today?
Aya: It's a secret~! You should look forward to them though, I think you'll be really happy with them!
Hina: Ohh, you're confident. But Aya-chan's overconfidence actually makes me uneasy.
Aya: What?! H-Hina-chan, you're so mean~.
Eve: Hina-san, do not worry! We did everything we could to prepare for today!
Chisato: Yes, we did practice quite a lot.
Hina: Huh...? You guys practiced making chocolates?
Maya: We did! I can't say we'll succeed for sure, but we will try our best to meet your expectations!
Hina: I see... Okay! I can't wait!
