event104-07 Ending: Pastel＊Palettes Chocolates

The Valentine's Day chocolate for Hina is complete. How does Hina react to the chocolate that the other girls have poured their hearts into...?

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[All Fun and Games TV - Post Chocolate-Making]

Hina: Good work, everyone! How're you feeling? Do you think you were able to make some boppidy bop boppin' chocolates?
Maya: We did everything that we could!
Eve: Yes! I channeled all of my bushido energy into the Valentine's chocolates!
Hina: Nice! In that case, let's have a look at your boppidy bop boppin' chocolates♪
Aya: O-okay. I'll bring them out now...!
Chisato: Aya-chan, be careful you don't drop them.
Aya: Here they are. These are our Valentine's chocolates, from us to you, Hina-chan!
Hina: Wow! The plate is covered in chocolates!
Chisato: Let me explain it once more. These are Eve-chan's chocolate gingerbread men, and these are Aya-chan and Maya-chan's bite-sized chocolates.
Hina: They're so shiny. And this chocolate pound cake is yours, right, Chisato-chan? It looks so soft and delicious♪
Hina: Yep! Just as I thought, you all did great. Now~, next up is the boomin' chocolate!
Maya: ...! Gulp...
Hina: It's this one here in the middle, right?
Eve: Yes, that is it...!
Hina: This heart-shaped box is so fancy. And it's really big! I'm even more excited to open this one.
Hina: I'm gonna open it now! ... Here I go!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: ... Whoa...
Maya: Wh-what do you think?
Hina: The gingerbread men on top of these chocolates, are they...?
Eve: They are us! I drew everyone's faces with white chocolate!
Aya: You said before that it feels special when all of us are together, right?
Chisato: So we made Pastel＊Palettes chocolates to express how we want to keep this special feeling going forever.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hina: ...
Maya: Hina-san, are these... boppidy bop boppin'...?
Hina: ... No... Not really...
Maya, Chisato, Eve & Aya: What?!
Hina: They're not boppidy bop boppin'... They're boppidy boppidy bop bop boppin'♪
Maya, Chisato, Eve & Aya: ...!
Hina: These chocolates are amaaazing~!
Hina: They really convey all of your feelings... These are the kinds of chocolates I wanted!
Aya: ...! Th-thank goodness~. You went silent for a second there, I didn't know what to do~, ngh...
Chisato: What a relief. It seems we lived up to your expectations then♪
Eve: When you said "boppidy boppidy bop bop boppin'," I felt like I was flying! I am so happy that you are happy, Hina-san!
Maya: Your words made it worth the effort, Hina-san. I'm so glad.
Hina: Ehehe, have I ever told you guys how much I love you all?!
Hina: I don't even know myself that well, but you guys tried your hardest to understand me and get closer to me.
Hina: Pastel＊Palettes is really special to me.
Aya: H-Hina-chan...! W-waaah!
Hina: Ah, Aya-chan's getting emotional.
Aya: O-of course I am~...
Chisato: You'll ruin your makeup! Here, use this handkerchief.
Maya: Anyhow, the staff prepared a table over there, so why don't we get Hina-san to sit there and try our chocolates?
Hina: You've done all this work, so let's eat them together. That'll be more fun, anyway! Come on, let's do it.
(Black cut)

[All Fun and Games TV - Tasting Time]

Hina: Are everybody's hands in? Okay then...
Pastel＊Palettes: Let's eat!
Hina: Mmm~! Your chocolates are all so good~!
Hina: The gingerbread men, the bite-sized chocolates, and the pound cake! They're all so boppidy boppidy bop bop boppin'♪
Maya: They really are tasty. I feel like they're a little different from store-bought chocolates and other chocolates I've had before.
Chisato: I know what you mean. I wonder why they feel so special.
Eve: It is the flavor of our feelings! Because we put our energy into them when we made them!
Aya: Yeah, that's it♪ Okay, Hina-chan, it's time for the main event! Try these.
Hina: Awww, but those look too good to eat. I want to hang them on my wall at home.
Chisato: I'm happy that you feel that way, but we did make them just for you, Hina-chan. We want to hear what you think of them.
Maya: They say that food isn't really food until you've tried it, and we want you to experience all of the feelings that we put into them for you.
Hina: Hmm, I see. Okay, I'll eat them! I took a lot of photos anyway, so I'm sure I won't ever forget this feeling.
Eve: Then please, try them! Bon appetit!
Hina: Okay. Ready? Here I go! ... Hm.
Maya: How are they, Hina-san?
Hina: ... Do you even have to ask?
Hina: They are super-duper boppidy boppidy bop bop boppin'♪
(Black cut)
