event104-02 Chapter 1: Enigma! The Boppin' Standard♪

Maya and the others have a boppin' conversation about chocolate♪ That's when Hina comes along and...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Rehearsal Studio]

Maya: Alright, how about we discuss what boppin' chocolate is then?
Aya: Okay, I'll go first! I thought about this a lot, but I think it must be cute chocolate!
Eve: I agree! You cannot help but smile when you see something cute! I think that Hina-san often says "boppin'" at times like that.
Chisato: You have a point. But there are different ways in which things can be cute, so it would help if we knew more specifically what makes a chocolate cute.
Aya: Hmm~. In that case, I think it's the wrapping for me. Last year, I wrapped everyone's chocolates in special wrappers, and Hina-chan said they were "boppin'" when she got hers.
Eve: I think it is the shape! I remember Hina-san said that gingerbread men are boppin'!
Maya: In that case, we should be particular about the shape and the wrapping. What do you think, Chisato-san?
Chisato: I think it's... the flavor, I suppose. At recording the other day, she did say she likes both bitter and sweet chocolate, so maybe it would be better to include multiple flavors.
Maya: Great idea! It'd make choosing which one to eat next more enjoyable, and I think Hina-san would really like that.
Maya: I have more or less the same ideas as you guys. I thought we'd all have differing opinions on this, but we think the same way, don't we?
Eve: Fufufu, we are Pastel＊Palettes, after all!
Aya: Okay, so if we put all our ideas together... boppin' chocolates are... many-flavored, cutely-shaped, and cutely-wrapped chocolates... I guess?
Eve: They are not just boppin'! They are extremely boppin'♪
Maya: We still have some things to decide on, but I think we have a general direction now.
Aya: Yeah! If we apply all these boppin' things to our chocolates, Hina-chan will surely say they're boppidy bop boppin'♪
Chisato: ... Boppidy bop boppin'. Whoever knew the day would come when my work would revolve around this word.
Maya: I understand how you feel. But Hina-san is looking forward to it, so let's do our best!
Chisato: Yes. I'd like to meet Hina-chan's expectations.
Hina: Knock knock! Ah, you're all here already! Good timing.
Maya: Good timing? What's wrong, Hina-san?
Hina: I found a restaurant online that looks really good. Look at this website!
Aya: Ah, it's a buffet place~. Oh, and it's new too~... Wow, they have so many different dishes.
Hina: Right? A place with this many options is too good to pass up.
Maya: Oh! So you do prefer having lots of flavor options when you eat?
Hina: Yeah, it's boppin'♪
Maya: (It seems like one of our ideas was correct after all!)
Hina: Ah, but you know, it's hard to choose between that and really boomin' foods.
Aya: Boomin' foods?
Hina: Like~... at this restaurant!
Eve: ...! I-Incredible! I have never seen a hamburger this large before!
Maya: Th-the diameter must be at least thirty... no, fifty centimeters...?
Hina: Eating a boomin' burger like this also makes me feel pretty boppin'♪
Hina: Hmm, now that I'm looking at this burger, I can't decide. Which one should I go to?
Hina: ... I know! I'll go to both the buffet and the burger place!
Aya: That sounds nice. Who are you going with?
Hina: Huh? With everyone.
Chisato: Huh. With us...?
Hina: Yeah, that's right! I wanna go with you all!
Eve: That is a wonderful idea! I want to eat with you all too.
Chisato: W-wait a second. Of course, I am for going out to eat, but are we really going to both the buffet and the burger place...?
Hina: Yeah! Wouldn't it be best if we could eat both a variety of things and some boomin' things?
Chisato: Yes, but... that is quite a lot of calories.
Hina: We just have to walk it off! We can spend all day out and about!
Maya: In that case, I'll look up if there are any events or something happening.
Hina: I will too! Let's plan it all out next time we're together!
Eve: I will confirm everyone's days off.
Hina: Thanks!
Hina: I think it's gonna be super boppin'♪ A super-duper boppin' day♪
Maya: Huh? Can't you just say "boppidy bop boppin'" instead of "super-duper boppin'"?
Hina: Nope! Super-duper boppin' is just super-duper boppin'♪
Maya: I... I see...
Maya: (I thought they were the same thing...)
Maya: (Th-this is difficult... What exactly counts as boppidy bop boppin'...?)
