event06-07 Ending: Memories of an Evening Sky

After taking a stroll down memory lane, Ran and the other members of Afterglow give their thoughts on the band.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Himari: ... Phew, that was a long story. You know, whenever I think about how our band name could have been UltraViolet, I can't help but laugh!
Moca: Yeah, that or Stratosphere~. Close call~.
Tomoe: It's also hard to overlook how powerful a name like Omni is, haha.
Himari: Glad we went with Afterglow. It's more down to earth... But what I'm really thinking about is how Ran was so honest back then.
Moca: Yeah, she sure was.
Ran: No, I... haven't really changed much.
Tomoe: Heh, are you sure? ... But you know, without Tsugu saying what she said, there wouldn't even be an Afterglow.
Himari: Yeah. Ever since that day, our lives have been so different.
Tsugumi: Mhm. Rehearsing songs, spending time at the studio, playing in concerts!
Himari: And our first show was at the Culture Festival, remember~? Performing in the auditorium... That made me so nervous~...
Tomoe: Pretty much everything in our lives became about the band. It's also thanks to Afterglow that I feel like I've gotten to know all of you better.
Himari: Yep. It's like when you perform, your true nature, even things you didn't know about yourself, starts to show.
Moca: When you get into it, Tomo-chin, we can really see the rhythm flow. And the roar of the crowd seems to drum up some fire in you.
Tomoe: Ah, ahaha... Oh, I know...
Ran: It feels like when I'm listening to this, our first track... You can get a good look at that side of us.
Himari: Yeah! And if you think about it that way, the moment we recorded this is like the point where our journey began.
Tsugumi: The start... of our adventure!
Tomoe: It's because of this song that we are who we are today. We have to continue to cherish it... As cheesy as that sounds.
Himari: Of course. Besides, I love this song.
Tsugumi: Me too! We put a lot of heart into it.
Moca: I do too~... What about you, Ran?
Ran: I...
Ran: (When I was alone, the roof I used to escape became a place to share with Moca. Then a place with all four of you... The four who reached out to me...)
Ran: ...
Ran: I'm proud of this song... and all of you, too. And I'll continue to be... for a long time.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan...!
Moca: Ohh~, Ran smiled~.
Tomoe: You're right.
Ran: I told you, I can smile too!
Himari: It's the same smile from when we formed the band, Ran! Aww~, it's cause you love us~. And we love you too, Ran~!
Ran: Ugh! Get away from me!
Moca: Ran, make that face again. I'm gonna get a picture.
Ran: No thanks!
Moca: Aw~. Hii-chan, make Ran smile for me~.
Himari: I love you, Ran! You know, it's cute when you hide your feelings, too~.
Ran: I'm serious, cut it out! Tomoe! Tell Himari to stop...!
Tomoe: It is cute when you're being shy...
Himari: Tomoe~, good job!
Ran: You too...?! Tsugumi, please tell me you're not gonna join them...
Tsugumi: Huh?! Uhh... Well, it does make me happy to see you smile... And I don't think they're actually teasing you. I think they're being sincere...
Himari: And there you have it...
Ran: This embarrassment might just kill me...
Moca: Oh, yeah. Ran, are you still using that notebook? The one you wrote poems in.
Ran: Not really. The only time I write them now is when I'm writing lyrics to a song. That's enough for me.
Moca: That's good because there's no reason to keep your feelings to yourself when we're all here~.
Himari: Yeah. We were kidding around before, but just like Tsugu said, those are our true feelings. We really do love you Ran, like you love us.
Tomoe: I want to be able to help out anyone here who's having a hard time. If it's one person's problem, it's all of our problem... Is that too far...?
Tsugumi: Not at all. And I hope we can continue to play together as a band for a long, long time, so that none of us ever have to stop smiling!
Himari: Yeah! I hope so too!
Ran: Mhm... Me too.
