19_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Reliable Companion

Gacha phrase: You're the one in charge, so you take the key.

<Where's The Next Sleepover?>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Saya: I printed these photos from our last sleepover. Look~.
Rimi: Really?! Thanks, Saya-chan!
Saya: You're welcome.
Arisa: You went through the trouble of printing them? Aren't digital copies good enough?
Saya: Well, they're our memories. And with photos, we can all look at them together.
Saya: Look. Like this one of you fast asleep. Your face-
Arisa: Ahh! H-hey! Just what kind of photos were you taking?! Isn't that against some kind of law?!
Saya: Hahaha, I'm just kidding. Look, there's a photo of you and Kasumi, too.
Saya: You're laughing really hard in this one. You want it?
Arisa: Not even a little!
Rimi: Hehe. But Arisa-chan, you look like you're having so much fun.
Arisa: Not a chance.
Saya: You really are though. You should look, Arisa~. You have a big smile on your face.
Rimi: Yeah, laughing like that must mean you're having a good time!
Saya: Ah! This is the one where O-Tae told that joke.
Saya: Arisa, you're cracking up.
Arisa: Grr…!
Saya: You really enjoyed the sleepover, Arisa…
Saya: You wanna have another one?
Arisa: I-I only went along with it that time because Kasumi was being so annoying about it!
Arisa: It's not like I want to have a sleepover!
Rimi: O-oh... Y-you don't?
Rimi: I thought because you were smiling you were having fun...
Rimi: But I guess it was annoying to have so many people coming to your house...
Rimi: We must have caused you a lot of trouble...
Arisa: No, not really.
Rimi: That's good. But uhh…Uhm, we're sor-
Arisa: Ah! No, don't apologize!
Rimi: B-but...
Saya: It's okay Rimi-rin. Arisa's just being shy.
Arisa: What?! I'm not being shy! You've got it all wrong!
Rimi: Oh…so you don't want to have a sleepover?
Arisa: I-I never said... Well, I did say that, but...!
Saya: Oh, okay. What about this? Having it at Arisa's house every time is a bit unfair, so for example, we could have it at my house next time.
Rimi: Your house?
Saya: Yeah. After that will be your house, Rimi-rin. Then, O-Tae's. Last will be Kasumi's. We can do it kind of like that.
Rimi: A slumber party at everyone's house? That's a great idea!
Saya: As long as everyone gets the okay. My place will probably be alright.
Rimi: O-Tae-chan was saying we could come over anytime.
Saya: Which means a sleepover should be okay, right~? How about we start with your place first, Rimi-rin? Is that okay?
Rimi: Yeah! Let's have a slumber pa- I mean, a sleepover at my house!
Saya: Yeah, yeah. And we can make dinner together.
Rimi: I like that idea! What about curry?
Saya: Hahaha, a classic dish. But I think Kasumi would be happy.
Saya: Arisa, do you like curry?
Arisa: I-it's alright, I guess...
Saya: Alright, we'll make curry then. You're gonna come to the sleepover, right?
Arisa: If I feel like it!
Saya: We know you're actually excited... You can be honest with us, Arisa.
Arisa: Quiet!


<Poppin'Party Sleepover>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: ... Oh, {{userName}}.
Arisa: Huh?
Arisa: What do you mean, how was it...?
Arisa: The band camp?
Arisa: For Poppin' Party? When everyone came and stayed over at my place?
Arisa: ... How the hell do you know about that?
Arisa: Wait, don't tell me. I'd bet my warehouse it was Kasumi.
Arisa: ... I knew it.
Arisa: She looked happy when she was talking about it? I'm not surprised.
Arisa: She was all excited and annoying from the day before the camp! She was even worse on the actual day too.
Arisa: Hm?
Arisa: No way! It so wasn't my idea to invite them over!
Arisa: Kasumi kept on bugging me, so I ended up giving in...
Arisa: Yeah, I was just doing it to indulge her. It's not like I always let her borrow the key to the warehouse or anything.
Arisa: I mean, it seems like she put a lot of thought into this. I guess I felt it'd be okay to say yes just this once. Well, it was my grandma who said it was okay.
Arisa: It's not like I'd go out of my way to invite them over myself.
Arisa: What'd be the point? They're always here anyway.
Arisa: You heard, right? We use my basement as the practice spot for the band.
Arisa: Kasumi keeps coming round for no reason though...
Arisa: Why does she come over? I dunno, ask her!
Arisa: Seriously, why does it always have to be my place every time?! We're not a hotel, you know?!
Arisa: Ah! You laughed just now!
Arisa: It's not funny, okay?! I'm being serious here!
Arisa: ... Is it a problem for me?
Arisa: Of course it is. What else would it be?
Arisa: Huh?
Arisa: No, I-I don't need to kick them out. It's not that bad.
Arisa: Why? ... Well, practicing at my place is convenient for me...
Arisa: And I guess I... like band practice.
Arisa: Playing music with them isn't so bad either.
Arisa: At least when I'm around them, I don't have to act all polite and proper.
Arisa: Especially with Kasumi.
Arisa: Or O-Tae, Rimi or Saya either, of course.
Arisa: So I guess if I had to say if I liked Poppin' Party or not, I'd say... I do, yeah.
Arisa: I mean if I didn't, I wouldn't let them stay at my place.
Arisa: We spent two whole days together making songs and fussing over them.
Arisa: We even made curry together. The vegetables Kasumi chopped up were in the weirdest shapes. It was amazing.
Arisa: Oh, we had a pillow fight too.
Arisa: I was kinda surprised that Rimi and Saya joined in.
Arisa: O-Tae... I guess that's a given. She's practically Kasumi the 2nd after all.
Arisa: Yeah. I suppose it was pretty fun-
Arisa: ... Huh?
Arisa: Wait a second, why are we even talking about this?
Arisa: I just wanted to tell you how much of a pain in the neck they can be!
Arisa: A major pain that never goes away!
Arisa: No, I'm not just being shy. I really mean it!
Arisa: Hey, don't laugh!
Arisa: You're just as bad as everyone else, ugh!
Arisa: It's your fault that we're talking about this in the first place!
Arisa: ... Look, just don't tell Kasumi and the others what I said, okay? I'm serious, {{userName}}!
