102_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Under The Sakura

Gacha phrase: Would you please pay attention?! Stop messing around!!

<Our Sakura Party!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

Kasumi: The sakura party we had the other day was so much fun! I was so excited I couldn't sleep that night!
Arisa: As if. You were just wide awake because you slept in so much that you were late that day.
Rimi: A-ahaha, Arisa-chan...
Rimi: Um, Kasumi-chan? I had a really good time too.
Kasumi: Right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: It's kind of embarrassing to say, but I feel like we're even closer now.
Kasumi: I know what you mean! You're so sweet, Rimi-rin.
Arisa: This kind of thing makes my skin crawl...
Kasumi: How about you, O-Tae? Did you enjoy it?
Tae: Yeah, it was fun... The bamboo shoots and rice was really good.
Rimi: Hehe, thanks, O-Tae-chan.
Arisa: That's all you think about, isn't it?
Tae: The buns Saya baked for us were good too.
Saya: Really? I'm so glad~. I was kinda worried to be honest.
Rimi: They tasted really nice~!
Kasumi: Kokoron really liked them too, huh?
Arisa: Ohh, you mean the "smiley buns." You guys let them be named that, so it's your responsibility to call them that too!
Kasumi: What's up with you today, Arisa? You didn't enjoy the sakura party?
Arisa: Of course, I didn't! I was dead tired all day long, you know?!
Saya: But it's not like you were talking that much in the beginning...
Arisa: That's why I was so tired! I was forced to listen to your ridiculous conversation!
Arisa: ... Look, you guys weren't that bad.
Arisa: ... That other girl was the problem!
Kasumi: Who?
Arisa: Kokoro Tsurumaki, who else?!
Arisa: What's with that ridiculously huge house?! It doesn't even make sense that there's someone like that around here!
Kasumi: I know right? I was so surprised that she lives in a place like that!
Saya: The people in the black suits were the biggest surprise for me. I still don't get what it is they do there...
Kasumi: Huh? But Kokoro told us. They do stuff for her when she needs help.
Arisa: The fact you find that convincing is amazing. I'm actually impressed.
Kasumi: I-impressed~? You're too kind, Arisa~♪
Arisa: I was being sarcastic!
Tae: *gasp* ... Oh no...
Kasumi: ... Hm? What is it, O-Tae?
Tae: I forgot to toss a coin into the fountain in the garden...
Arisa: You don't need to! It's not like it'll make your dreams come true.
Tae: Really? It feels like it would.
Arisa: Think of something else to make a wish on.
Rimi: It's kind of hard to believe there's a fountain in Kokoro's garden, huh? I wanna go back there sometime.
Kasumi: I like Arisa's place a lot too, though. It's just so relaxing there, don't you think?
Saya: I know what you mean! Maybe it's the basement and the bonsai. There's something peaceful and comfortable about it.
Kasumi: Oh! And don't forget Arisa's grandma. She's such a good cook!
Arisa: ... Hey, Kasumi. Normally it's not cool to invite yourself into someone's house and eat their grandma's cooking, you know?
Kasumi: Huh? But your grandma seems really happy to cook for us! Right, Rimi-rin?!
Arisa: ... What? Why did you mention Rimi...?
Kasumi: Me and Rimi-rin go to your place a lot when you're not there.
Arisa: A-are you serious?!
Rimi: Y-yeah. Your grandma is kind of our... afternoon tea friend, I guess?
Arisa: What the hell?! Don't befriend my grandma without my permission!
Tae: I talk to your grandma on the phone a lot. Should I stop?
Arisa: You don't... have to stop, but who calls someone's grandma all the time like that?! Don't call her without my permission!
Arisa: Jeez, I can't take my eyes off you lot for a second. I'd better tell my grandma to stop spoiling you guys.
Kasumi: Oh, hey! The last time we went Arisa's place, didn't her grandma say she wanted to have a sakura party?!
Rimi: Yeah, you're right. I remember that.
Kasumi: Okay, let's invite Arisa's grandma and have a sakura party!
Arisa: What are you talking about?! No way!
Kasumi: Where should we do it though? We can't just go to Kokoro's place again...
Tae: I want a see a sakura bonsai. The ones that Arisa was really excited to tell us about.
Kasumi: Do you have one at your place, Arisa?
Arisa: ... I guess I do.
Kasumi: Going somewhere with big sakura trees would be fun, but having a party with a bonsai tree sounds good too!
Kasumi: Okay! Let's go to Arisa's house! Sakura party round two, with Arisa's grandma!
Tae: I'll call her to tell her we're coming!
Arisa: H-hey, I told you to ask for my permission~!


<My World Got Bigger!>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

Arisa: Oh, hey {{userName}}.
Arisa: You're not gonna believe what I went through the other day. Kasumi came up with the bright idea to do a sakura party... It was so painful.
Arisa: I didn't even want to go, but Kasumi practically dragged me there...
Arisa: She can be like that sometimes, huh? Like, pushy or kind of overbearing... What? You think I should've dropped more hints?
Arisa: When it comes to her, it doesn't matter how many hints you drop. She just doesn't get it. It's seriously scary at times.
Arisa: Kasumi was all like "it's thanks to Arisa that we have a band!" and stuff like that. She was totally exaggerating everything.
Arisa: ...  She always does that.
Arisa: Well, I guess I do feel that I've changed a little since we became friends, but...
Arisa: ... Huh? You think I look happy? D-don't get the wrong idea! I'm so not thankful or anything!
Arisa: I just want to vent about how much of a pain in the neck she is...
Arisa: Like, now that I've got friends, people talk to me at school and stuff. I don't really like that kinda thing... I mean, it's not because I'm shy or anything.
Arisa: I'm just the type that loves their solitude, you know?
Arisa: But then Kasumi just has to go and say "let's go to Arisa's house"!
Arisa: What, you think this sounds fun? No-no-no, you don't get it, {{userName}}. You clearly don't understand my pain.
Arisa: There's no telling what will happen if they all get together... No, it doesn't sound fun. It sounds like a disaster waiting to happen.
Arisa: Hey, what's so funny?! This isn't a laughing matter!
Arisa: When I told my grandma about it, she suddenly got all excited about preparing for it.
Arisa: Ever since then she's been asking me every day when they'll be coming over! It's like she's more excited about it that I am...
Arisa: Do they seriously plan on coming over? If they do, they should at least tell me when!
Arisa: ... Ah, wait! It's not like I want them to come over or anything! I just wanna know in advance so that they don't suddenly appear on my doorstep.
Arisa: They kept on asking me all these questions about the house, and about me too.
Arisa: Normally no one cares when I talk about bonsai, but Eve was totally into it. What's up with that...?!
Arisa: Oh, and when I told them about my basement everyone was super surprised. It's just a basement! I don't get what the big deal is.
Arisa: Like, why was everyone so interested anyway? There's so many other things we could've talked about...
Arisa: ... Hm? How was it for me? I dunno...
Arisa: Well, it was fun, but... I-I don't need to be the topic of conversation!
Arisa: Oh, and Tsurumaki's house was mega big. You would've been so surprised if you were there, {{userName}}.
Arisa: She even has her own batting cage! It's seriously amazing and ridiculous at the same time!
Arisa: Well, anyway... it's safe to say I was dead tired after all that.
Arisa: It was like this gathering of weirdos, you know~? I was the only normal one there.
Arisa: ... O-oh, and Okusawa-san. Just us two. I've got the feeling she shares my pain~.
Arisa: Why are there so many weird people at my school? Ugh, just the thought of having to spend the next three years with them...
Arisa: You think I'm overreacting, don't you? Well, I'm not! There's something wrong with them!
Arisa: Tsurumaki-san and Kitazawa-san were throwing sakura petals at each other. They're supposed to be high school students!
Arisa: Compared to them, I'm a completely normal high school girl that just kinda likes bonsai!
Arisa: And then Eve was all bushido this bushido that, and tried to slice flower petals in half with her wooden sword...
Arisa: *sigh*... Who knows what would've happened if Okusawa-san and I weren't there...
Arisa: They're such a bunch of kids...
Arisa: ... Did I really have a happy look on my face just now...?
Arisa: ...
Arisa: Q-quit getting the wrong idea, okay?!
Arisa: Argh, why do you have to be like that as well, {{userName}}?!
