132_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Arisa In Wonderland

Gacha phrase: Ah! What is this?!

<Rabbit Memories>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Chisato Shirasagi, Eve Wakamiya)

[Fast Food Store]

Arisa: Phew... I'm so full.
Arisa: Chicken cheeseburger and french fries... It was good, but maybe a bit too much…
Arisa: But I'll feel refreshed after having this mixed fruit smoothie.
Arisa: Maybe I should order the same thing next time...
Arisa: Yep, that's what I'll do. Alright, I should get going...
Eve: Oh? It's Arisa-san!
Arisa: Ah, Eve.
Chisato: Hey, Arisa-chan. What a coincidence, running into you here.
Arisa: Ah, Shirasagi-senpai... Uhh, nice to see you.
Chisato: Fufu, it's nice to see you too.
Chisato: I ran into Eve-chan outside, and now, here you are, inside.
Eve: That's right! We're having quite the gathering!
Eve: Since we're all here, let's hang out for a bit, Arisa-san!
Arisa: Huh...? But I already finished eating...
Eve: We actually just finished too. We were on our way home!
Eve: It'll be a short chat to let our food settle! Excuse me!
Chisato: Eve-chan has her mind made up, so... I'll take a seat too.
Arisa: ... Wha-?! Hey!
Arisa: (Ngh... It's times like this when Eve reminds me of Kasumi...)
Eve: Ah! The mixed fruit smoothie! I wanted to try that! How is it? Is it tasty?
Arisa: Yeah, it has a hint of sweetness. Pretty good.
Eve: Great! I'll order it next time I come!
Eve: You know, I just realized that the last time the three of us were together was the day we were chasing rabbits!
Chisato: That's right. I'm sure you were surprised too, Arisa-chan... Having to run after rabbits.
Arisa: Yeah, sure was.
Arisa: We walked into the hallway to find a bunch of furballs running around...
Arisa: I felt like I was in a manga.
Chisato: It was definitely strange.
Eve: I'm happy I was able to assist!
Chisato: The whole thing was pretty tiring, but in the end, when we were petting them, the rabbits were warm and had a nice scent.
Arisa: Mhm~... Yeah.
Arisa: It was a unique, calming... soothing smell...
Eve: Yep, I thought they were warm too. And they were fluffy and cuddly... Just petting them made me happy!
Arisa: You can definitely get used to that soft fur.
Arisa: ... But, you know, I just wanted to rehearse with O-Tae that day.
Arisa: She actually thought that inviting her to a fight.
Eve: Fight? What do you mean? Were you guys not getting along?
Arisa: That's not it. When I asked her to practice with me, in her head, that was the same as calling her out.
Arisa: She thought asking her to meet after school is the same as saying we're gonna fight.
Eve: I see! It's like you threw down the gauntlet!
Eve: A challenge to a duel~.
Arisa: Why does that mean I want to have a duel?! All I wanted was to have a normal rehearsal!
Eve: I'm joking, Arisa-san!
Arisa: I don't get it... I think you've seen too many historical dramas or read one too many manga...
Chisato: Fufu, what a fun conversation.
Arisa: No no, there's nothing fun about it…
Chisato: Sorry. Who would've thought you'd be chasing rabbits? It sounds like you had a hard time, despite just wanting to practice.
Arisa: Yeah... It really was...
Arisa: Next time, I'd like to be able to pet them without having to catch them first...


<Do I Look Like A Rabbit?>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Downtown]

Arisa: Ah, {{userName}}.
Arisa: We run into each other a lot, don't we?
Arisa: Huh? No, it's not that I hate it or anything like that...
Arisa: It's just... When you run into someone you know on a vacation day, it's kinda embarrassing…
Arisa: You know that feeling...?
Arisa: Like when you're shopping with your parents and you see someone from class, so you try to act like you're by yourself... You know?
Arisa: You do, right? Of course you do!
Arisa: ... What am I doing getting all worked up?!
Arisa: Anyway, what are you doing here? Shopping?
Arisa: Ohh... I see. So you just have nothing to do.
Arisa: Huh? I look like I have nothing to do too?
Arisa: Sh-shut up!
Arisa: I-I was in the middle of shopping! So I do have something to do! Besides, it's my vacation day, I can do whatever I want!
Arisa: Huh? You could say the same thing?
Arisa: Grr...! You know, you're always like this. Always have something to say... Well, whatever.
Arisa: What did I buy? Ahh... Some knick-knacks, some books, a few other things...
Arisa: Whenever I go into the knick-knack shop, they have lots of cute new products, and I end up buying more than I planned to~...
Arisa: Here! Take a look! It's a rabbit-tail charm!
Arisa: Fufu. It's so soft and fluffy. Isn't it cute? And it feels really nice♪
Arisa: It's just like an actual rabbit's tail~♪ The real ones are cuddly and warm~.
Arisa: Actually, just the other day, the rabbits at school escaped from their room.
Arisa: Five of us ended up trying to catch them. It was me, O-Tae, Eve, Shirasagi-senpai and Kanon-senpai.
Arisa: There was a wave of white furballs taking over the school... I couldn't believe my eyes.
Arisa: At least we were able to catch them all in the end.
Arisa: But while we were chasing them, O-Tae started talking about "Arisa in Wonderland."
Arisa: I don't know if I'd say she's easy-going or what... I do know that that's O-Tae for you.
Arisa: No matter what she's doing, she's always laid back. It makes you worry that she could make a mess of things at any moment.
Arisa: ... Which is why we have to always be by her side.
Arisa: I-I mean... Never mind what I just said!
Arisa: Doesn't O-Tae remind you of a rabbit? Both so carefree. Ahaha.
Arisa: Oh, and you can't take your eyes off of them for a second, or they'll run off somewhere.
Arisa: Ahaha, you're right. If O-Tae got lost, we could find her and catch her the same way we would a rabbit.
Arisa: ... But next time, if there's a chance to pet a rabbit, I hope there's nothing out of the ordinary.
Arisa: I'll pass on all the whole chasing and running around thing~... Hm? A phone call from O-Tae. Weird, she doesn't usually call.
Arisa: Hello? Huh? You're lost?! Wh-what do you see? Give me every detail!
Arisa: Mhm, mhm... I know where you are. I'm coming to get you. Don't move!
Arisa: ... O-Tae's lost. Are you like, a psychic or something? I'm gonna go catch that little rabbit.
Arisa: It's actually kinda funny that things turned out this way. Ahaha. Alright, see ya.
