265_Arisa Ichigaya_R2 Sportsmanship

<Practicing the Oath>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1B]

Arisa: Hrm... gah, I have no idea what I'm supposed to write for this thing...
Arisa: Why the hell am I the one making the Oath of Sportsmanship on Sports Day anyway...?
Arisa: There has to be someone better suited to it than me. I mean, it's the Sports Day.
Arisa: This is easily the school event that I have the least connection to...
Arisa: ... But I said I'd do it, so I've gotta get it done...
Arisa: *sigh* Oh well... I may as get a draft done.
(Black cut)
Arisa: Okay, done...!
Arisa: Think I'll try reading it out loud to see if anything sounds strange or not.
Arisa: ... Ahem! As athletes, we hereby swear, in the name of sportsmanship to play fairly and by the rules!
Arisa: ... Hmm, a bit too cliche? Guess I should probably mix it up a little...
Misaki: That was nice. It sounded spot on for a sports event.
Arisa: Ohh, in that case... Wait, whaaat!? O-Okusawa-san?!
Misaki: Hey.
Misaki: Ahh, so you're going to be making the Oath of Sportsmanship on Sports Day. I guess it's no surprise since you're a top student.
Arisa: It was just too much of a pain in the butt to say no, so...
Misaki: I like what you wrote. The whole "we hereby swear" thing...
Arisa: D-did you hear the whole thing?! *sigh* ... Argh...
Misaki: Ahaha. You're having a tough time too, huh? Staying back at school this late just to write up the Oath.
Arisa: Yeah, I dunno, I kinda thought that the sooner I take care of this the better, but...
Arisa: It's taking longer than I imagined...
Misaki: Thanks for the hard work, Student Rep.
Arisa: Umm... could you never call me that again?
Misaki: Huh? What's wrong with it? It makes you sound kind of important.
Arisa: I-I'm not important, okay?
Arisa: Anyway, are you on your way home, Okusawa-san?
Misaki: Ahh, I thought I'd hang around a bit longer. I've still got some time to kill until band practice. Oh, I'll head off if I'm interrupting you though...
Arisa: Oh, uh... nah, you're not interrupting...
Misaki: In that case, I'll stick around a little longer.
Arisa: ... It's gotta be stressful playing in a band with those members, right...?
Misaki: Yeah, it can get pretty bad. Especially when it comes to the three dummies. They're practically from a different dimension.
Arisa: Y-you're not wrong there... I have my hands full just with Kasumi. I can't imagine what it'd be like in your situation, Okusawa-san...
Misaki: I guess I'm kind of getting used to it. It's getting easier to predict what the three dummies are going to say or do.
Arisa: That... might be a sign of something bad, you know?
Misaki: Something bad? What do you mean?
Arisa: A certain philosopher once said something about this kind of thing.
Arisa: If you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss also gazes into you...
Arisa: Which means... the three dummies might be slowly dragging you into their dimension.
Misaki: H-hey, cut it out. That's the one thing I don't want!
Misaki: What am I supposed to do, Student Rep...?!
Arisa: I think you're just gonna have to... play fairly and by the rules, in the name of Hello, Happy World!


<More than Past Sports Days>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Studio Front Desk]

Arisa: Oh, {{userName}}.
Arisa: We had our school Sports Day just recently and Kitazawa-san totally stole the show... Wait, has anyone told you about this yet?
Arisa: I thought Kitazawa-san or O-Tae might've already told you.
Arisa: They all seemed to really enjoy it.
Arisa: Huh? A-as if I'd enjoy something like that!
Arisa: I had to make the Oath of Sportsmanship, then I had to run even though I can't run for the life of me, all while being out in the sun all day...
Arisa: This is the complete opposite of enjoyment.
Arisa: I've never liked Sports Day or the ball game tournaments.
Arisa: If I'm gonna hold the team back I'd rather just not play at all...
Arisa: But hey, I still went this year. I mean, Kasumi is doing it too and all, right?
Arisa: I can already imagine how annoying she'd be if I tried to bail.
Arisa: Even on the night before and the morning of the Sports Day, Kasumi was sending me endless texts.
Arisa: Oh well... I did have a tiny bit of fun because of them... I guess.
Arisa: I suppose it was marginally more enjoyable than the other Sports Days I've been to...
Arisa: Hey, you didn't come and watch us, did you...? I'm starting to feel scared that Kasumi might've invited you...
Arisa: Oh, you had work. Good.
Arisa: Y-you wanted to see me make the Oath of Sportsmanship? Don't be stupid!
Arisa: You don't need to see that, o-okay?!
Arisa: *sigh*... Me and my big mouth.
Arisa: I-I'm going into the studio! S-see you later! Bye!
