618_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Where I Smile

Gacha phrase: C-come on, Kasumi...!

<Echoes After a Concert>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Arisa: Man, I still can't believe how amazing Glitter*Green is.
Kasumi: You've got that right~. Each and every song has got this oomph that sticks with you, and all the members sparkle when they're on stage!
Kasumi: It's like, "Now this is a concert!"... Seeing a show like that is enough to make me want to put on one of our own.
Arisa: Well, that is what prompted us to start our band, after all.
Kasumi: Those old feelings, they're all coming back to me~. My mind was blown so hard that my chest is still pounding even now!
Rimi: Same for me! It's like that performance my sister and her band put on has stuck with me, like a lingering warmth that fills my whole body.
Arisa: Getting a feel for their talent all over again? I think that's how I'd describe it.
Kasumi: I'm so glad that my first concert was a Glitter*Green show~.
Arisa: Hahaha... All I could think about was what sort of mess I had gotten myself into.
Kasumi: But now you're enjoying yourself, right?
Arisa: A-alright, that's enough talking about me!
Kasumi: Ah, you know how we got to see today's show from backstage? Is it just me, or... did Yuri-senpai somehow look bigger than she usually does?
Rimi: By that, do you mean how being backstage put us closer to her?
Kasumi: No, more like, uhhh... She was larger than life? Seeing her on stage was like watching a shining star!
Kasumi: The crowd couldn't stop her from sparkling the way she did! It's like there was no way to take your eyes off of her!
Rimi: Ah, I felt the same way! Sis is so amazing when she's performing that I can't look away.
Arisa: Bigger than usual... If you're gonna put it that way, then there are times when you seem bigger, too, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Huh...? Ah, Arisa... Are you... trying to say that...
Kasumi: I've gained weight...?
Arisa: O-of course not! Uhhh, how should I put it...?
Arisa: Sigh... Never mind, forget it.
Kasumi: S-sorry. I got a bit flustered and spoke without thinking... Let me hear what you were going to say!
Arisa: Too late.
Kasumi: I said I was sorry, Arisa~.
Rimi: Fufu, I think I know what Arisa was getting at.
Kasumi: You do, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: When you're up on stage, Kasumi-chan, the way you stand before the crowd, not a care in the world, makes you seem larger than life.
Rimi: Isn't that what you were aiming for, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: N-no, I... I mean... It's not like I was complimenting her or anything...
Arisa: W-well, I guess that's kind of close to what I had in mind.
Kasumi: Arisa, Rimi-rin... Thank you~!
Arisa: What are you...?! Get off of me!
Rimi: Fufufu.
Kasumi: Let's keep working as hard as we can! Just like how I'm glad that Glitter*Green was my first concert...
Kasumi: We can put on a show that'll be someone else's first and have them think the same way about Poppin'Party!
Rimi: Yeah! I'll pour my heart into it! Little by little, I'll inch my way closer to my sister's level...
Arisa: ... That much is obvious, isn't it? It goes without saying that we all feel the same way.
Kasumi: Grrr... I'm feeling all fired up! Being in a band is the best feeling ever! I could put on a show right here and now!
Arisa: How about you finish coming up with that speech of yours first, huh?
Kasumi: Ah, you're right... Hehehe.
Arisa: I swear, what am I gonna do with you?


<Always Talking About...>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Arisa: Ah, it's {{userName}}. What're you doing here?
Arisa: Me? Picking up a few things. We've got a practice session in my basement today.
Arisa: I swear, those guys always decide these things at the last minute.
Arisa: Then again, all of our recent troubles are over with now, so it's not like I don't get them having a sudden urge to play.
Arisa: Huh? You haven't heard? We had our closing ceremony the other day, and Kasumi gave the First-Year Representative's Speech.
Arisa: What she originally had was more like a little kid's book report, but in the end... Yeah. It came out well...
Arisa: When the time came, she took the stage with confidence...
Arisa: And at that moment, I think she had the complete attention of more than just the first-year students...
Arisa: Anybody who saw her up there would definitely think that she can take care of business when she needs to.
Arisa: Like how she often messes up her guitar solos when we're practicing, but once the real show begins, she doesn't miss a single note.
Arisa: To be honest, that's one trait of hers that I'd like to learn for myself.
Arisa: No, I never said I look up to her or whatever!
Arisa: It's like, you know...
Arisa: I hate standing out and being in front of people. I make an effort to avoid it, whenever possible...
Arisa: I didn't go to my own high-school entrance ceremony, nor did I give the New-Student Representative's Speech I had been assigned...
Arisa: Like I said, I'm no good with that kind of stuff!
Arisa: ... Just between you and me, I suppose you could say I was prone to cutting classes back then...
Arisa: Ah, but...! My attendance this past year was way higher than it was before!
Arisa: It wasn't the worst it could've been at first, but by the end of the year, I barely took any days off.
Arisa: I mean, even if I thought about staying home, Kasumi would show up and offer to go together for whatever reason.
Arisa: Hahaha, I can't believe I ended up friends with someone so bizarre.
Arisa: ... Hm? Huh?! What did you say?!
Arisa: That I've been talking about Kasumi this whole time?! Th-that's not true at all!
Arisa: I was only making small talk! Recent events and whatnot!
Arisa: Alright, I've got shopping to do!
Arisa: Ah, by the way! Kasumi is not to hear anything from our conversation! Not a single word! Later!
