688_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Flowery Dress Up

<Dress Codes Are Hard>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Riverside]

Kasumi: I bet Eve-chan's bouquet is going to turn out amazing now!
Arisa: Although it's still too early to tell.
Tsugumi: Well, at least she's figured out what she wants to do. That's a huge step in the right direction.
Ran: Yeah, she can't exactly move forward without doing that. Now that she's made up her mind, I'm sure whatever she makes will turn out well.
Kasumi: Do you think we did our jobs as her bridesmaids then?
Tsugumi: We sure did! And since we already have our dresses, all we have to do now is wait for the big day!
Kasumi: That reminds me, we already have our dresses, but what about you, Ran-chan? Do you have a dress?
Ran: I do... I was in the wedding ceremony for one of my relatives, so I had a dress made at that time.
Kasumi: You had one made... Does that mean it's a custom dress?!
Ran: It wasn't completely custom, we just had it altered to my size... My father kept insisting that I have something nice to wear...
Kasumi: I suppose fathers do like to spoil their daughters sometimes, especially when it comes to dresses.
Tsugumi: In that case, it looks like we're all set!
Arisa: Actually, about that... You see, I did a little research on bridesmaids.
Arisa: And it turns out bridesmaids are supposed to have matching dresses...
Kasumi: Huh?! Really?!
Arisa: Yeah. No matter where I looked, everyone was matching. I even found information saying that's one of the rules.
Tsugumi: ... You're right. Everyone's wearing matching dresses here.
Arisa: I mean, none of us are professional models, and it's not like the people making the commercial hired us, so I'm sure they aren't expecting a lot, but...
Arisa: This is for Eve, so I'd like to figure something out... If possible, anyway...
Kasumi: Yeah, let's do it! Eve-chan asked us to be bridesmaids, didn't she?!
Tsugumi: Yeah! She's working hard on her bouquet, so the least we can do is do our best to play our role!
Ran: We don't have a lot of time though, so we better figure out what we're doing fast.
Arisa: Y-yeah... R-right...
Tsugumi: Getting matching dresses at this point would be impossible...
Ran: Then what about matching accessories? We could all buy them from the same shop.
Kasumi: Ooo, I don't know if my allowance will cover that...
Kasumi: I had to ask my mom to help me pay for the dress, so asking her for more money might be a bit too much to ask...
Arisa: Yeah, I don't know if I can do it either...
Tsugumi: Then what about making our own accessories? Eve-chan's making her bouquet by hand, after all!
Arisa: Handmade accessories, huh...? I like the idea, but do any of us know how to make accessories?
Arisa: If we end up making something sloppy, it might stand out in all the wrong ways.
Tsugumi: Hmm, that's true... Making something with beads wouldn't be that hard...
Tsugumi: But that doesn't really work for a wedding...
Kasumi: This is a lot harder than I thought...
Ran: Handmade... Accessories... What about some sort of flower accessory? You know, like the ones you see with Japanese wedding attire.
Ran: They'd work well with our dresses, and if we incorporated Eve's bouquet into the design, we could clue people into the fact that we're the bridesmaids.
Tsugumi: That's it! That's perfect, Ran-chan! We just need a flower accessory that will really stand out!
Kasumi: Alright, then let's all get together after school and make them! As for the place... We can use Arisa's basement!
Arisa: Wait, wait! Why my house?! Don't just decide things without asking!
Kasumi: Huh? But your basement's nice and spacious, so it's perfect.
Arisa: That's true... but... Argh! Fine! Do whatever you want!
Kasumi: Thank you, Arisa! I can't believe we get to wear matching accessories in a wedding... Oh~! I can't wait!!
Arisa: L-let's get one thing straight though. I didn't bring this up because I wanted to match with you, got it?!


<Heading Home Happy>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Arisa: Ah~, I'm beat... I guess that's what I get for going outside my comfort zone...
Arisa: Gah! {{userName}}?! Why'd you have to show up now of all times...?
Arisa: Huh? My dress? Argh... I was hoping you wouldn't notice... Not that I'm trying to hide anything...
Arisa: I'm coming back from a wedding... Well, the filming of a wedding commercial anyway. Eve was the star of the show, with me as one of the bridesmaids.
Arisa: Everything was just so beautiful and shiny though. It made it hard to relax... I'm completely worn out.
Arisa: Going to a wedding hall is already something I'm not used to doing, and this was a photoshoot, so I felt even more out of place...
Arisa: I'm just glad filming wrapped up without any problems... Now all I want to do is go home, get changed, and relax...
Arisa: We've been really busy lately getting ready for this commercial, so it'll be nice to take it easy for a change.
Arisa: Was there anyone else playing a bridesmaid? Yeah, Kasumi and Hazawa-san. Ran-chan also joined us about halfway through our preparations.
Arisa: Eve's the one who asked us to be her bridesmaids, so I didn't mind saying yes, but none of us knew what we were doing. I ended up doing a little research on my own...
Arisa: I was surprised by how many rules there are. Talk about a lot of extra work...
Arisa: Some of it seemed a little overkill to me though. I kept thinking, "Do we really need to go that far...?"
Arisa: Well, I guess it's just common practice, but still, I don't know if I could ever remember all of it.
Arisa: In any case, I just hope nothing else happens for a while... Just getting ready for today was a hassle.
Arisa: We all needed dresses, so I went shopping with Kasumi and Hazawa-san. I couldn't believe how many dresses there were.
Arisa: And you know how Kasumi is. She was all over the place, jumping from dress to dress...
Arisa: Although Hazawa-san and I did laugh when she accidently went into one of the more expensive shops. She came out of there running when she saw the price tag.
Arisa: What else happened...? Oh yeah, did you know bridesmaids are supposed to wear matching dresses?
Arisa: By the time we found out, we had already bought our dresses, so we decided to make matching hair accessories instead. We even incorporated Eve's bouquet design.
Arisa: I'm wearing it right now... What do you think? Personally, I really like it... Hehe.
Arisa: Making these was a pain too... We all gathered in my basement to make them, but they just weren't turning out right.
Arisa: If Ran-chan hadn't been there to lend us her flower expertise, I don't know what we would have done... Well, we did end up with these accessories, so I guess everything turned out fine.
Arisa: Huh? I keep saying it was tough, but it sounds like I had a lot of fun? ... Sh-shut up...
Arisa: All of this was new to me, so of course I was confused by it all...
Arisa: But I also learned that my friends and I really can do anything if we put our minds to it... So you could say it was worth it...
Arisa: I'd still prefer it if this didn't happen again anytime soon. I'm no good with that sparkly stuff.
Arisa: I just hope things stay peaceful for the time being... Although I'm sure Kasumi's gonna drag me into something or other.
Arisa: Yawn... Anyway, I'm going to go home and relax. I need to recharge so I'm ready for the next sparkly thing that comes up...
