718_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Thanks to Everyone

Gacha phrase: Today we're celebrating something special.

<Trusty Helper>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: O-Tae is getting the video of the show from SPACE, but... Hmm~... If we watch how we usually watch stuff, that's going to kill the wow factor...
Arisa: Still, it's not like I can edit it or anything... Hmm~... There's... got to be something I can do, but what...? How can I make watching it more exciting...?
Chisato: Hi, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Whoa, Sh-Shirasagi-senpai?! Maya-san?!
Maya: Hello.
Chisato: Were you deep in thought? Your face was all scrunched up.
Arisa: Ah, ahaha... I was making a funny face, huh? I just had a little something on my mind. Nothing big.
Maya: Do you need help with something? If there's anything we could do, we'd be happy to give you a hand. Right, Chisato-san?
Chisato: That's right. And we don't really have plans at the moment, so we'd love to help.
Arisa: U-uhhh... Well, in that case, there's one thing I could use your help with...
(Black cut)
Maya: Ah~, so that's what's on your mind. You want to make this surprise for your party more exciting...
Arisa: I mean, I think having the video of the show is a good surprise...
Arisa: And O-Tae's going out of her way to get it. I just wish there was a way to, I don't know, make it even more special somehow...
Chisato: You want to make it more fun for Kasumi-chan and the others, right? Fufu.
Arisa: Th-that's not really the reason. I just... I said I wanted to try, so I'm trying.
Maya: By the way, how do you plan on showing the video?
Arisa: Hmm~. Well, I was thinking of playing it on my PC...
Maya: On your PC...? Hmmm~...
Arisa: What? That's no good...?
Maya: No, it's not that, but... Since it's a video from a live show, then maybe showing it on a bigger screen would make it more exciting.
Maya: When you watch a video of something like that, you want to make it feel like you're in it! Especially if it's of something really important, you know?
Chisato: If during the party, you suddenly started playing the show on a huge screen, jaws would drop.
Arisa: Yeah! I'll show it on a TV! A PC screen is just way too small to do the video justice.
Arisa: Okay, I'll have to haul the TV down to the basement before the party~. I'll get O-Tae to help...
Maya: ... Hm? Ichigaya-san, you don't have a TV in your basement?
Arisa: Huh? No...
Maya: Then don't bring one down! If you usually don't have one there, as soon the others see it, they'll know something's up.
Arisa: Ah! You're right...! Kasumi would be like, "Why's there a TV here?!"
Maya: Yeah, that's not an option... What's something you could use that's already down there...?
Chisato: Fufu, Maya-chan is already in full help mode.
Maya: It's going to be a special day for them! I want it to be as good as it can be!
Arisa: Sorry... I didn't mean to make you worry so much.
Maya: Huhehe, I like thinking about how to do things like this. It's fun.
Arisa: What should I do...? If using a PC and a TV is out, then...
Chisato: How about a projector?
Maya: Oh, yeah! That's it! Chisato-san, that's a great idea!
Maya: With that, you can watch the video on a big screen on the wall!
Arisa: Uh... I think that's a killer idea, but... I don't have a projector...
Maya: No worries! I'll lend you mine! It's not that big, so you can hide it until you need to use it.
Maya: If that sounds good to you, then we can go get it now!
Arisa: Th-thanks... for going out of your way to help me.
Maya: Don't mention it. Just the thought of how much the Poppin'Party girls are going to love this makes me happy too!
Chisato: Fufu, I know. Your band members don't shy away from showing their feelings. Seeing them happy is infectious.
Arisa: Yeah, the girls are pretty easy to read. Especially Kasumi.
Chisato: Fufu, don't talk like you're an exception. You're pretty easy to read too.
Arisa: ...?!
Chisato: Fufu, I hope everyone will like your surprise.
Maya: Let's go get the projector! I'll show you how to use it!
Arisa: Cool. Thanks!


<For the Future>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hi, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Ah, Marina-san. And {{userName}}. Hi.
Marina: What's up with the paper bag? Did you buy something?
Arisa: It's a projector. Maya-san let me borrow hers. I'm going to give it back to her now.
Marina: Oh. What did you need a projector for? Did you watch a movie or something?
Arisa: I watched a video of our band playing.
Arisa: The other day was the first anniversary of Poppin'Party passing its audition at SPACE.
Arisa: We all got together to celebrate it. O-Tae borrowed a video of the last show at SPACE, and we watched it with this.
Marina: You saw a video of you all playing from a year ago?! Wow, that's cool!
Marina: I wish I could've seen it too~... Don't you, {{userName}}-san? I mean, that was before we met you girls!
Arisa: O-Tae got the video from someone she used to work with at SPACE.
Arisa: I put a copy of it on a flash drive. If you want to see it, I'll bring it next time. It's a little embarrassing, though...
Marina: Thanks! I'd love to watch it!
Marina: You know, I've heard about that show. It was pretty crazy, right?
Arisa: That day was so amazing! Roselia and Glitter*Green played too!
Arisa: When I was watching the video, I could feel the nervousness and excitement from that day; It all came rushing back. It felt like we had just played the show.
Arisa: It's not like I can keep cool whenever we perform now, but that day, I was so nervous I couldn't even think straight.
Arisa: We'd practiced like crazy to make sure we'd play just right, but when I watched our show now, I found lots of things we could've done better.
Arisa: Ah, things like how the rhythm was off or how a cord was wrong, you know.
Marina: Fufu, I know what you mean.
Marina: But if you can notice those things, that means you're better now than you were a year ago, right?
Arisa: Maybe. It's probably because we've been playing so much this year. I think I have gotten a little better.
Marina: Hey! Wanna borrow my video of the show at CiRCLE? It could help you all improve even more. Besides, it'd be fun to watch.
Arisa: Really?! I'm going to have to take you up on that!
Arisa: Ah... Don't tell Kasumi about this, okay?
Marina: Huh? Why not?
Arisa: Knowing Kasumi, she'll find an excuse to throw another anniversary party soon enough.
Arisa: When that happens, and it will, I'm going to need something for a surprise. I want to save the CiRCLE video for that.
Marina: Fufu, gotcha. She won't hear a peep outta me. {{userName}}-san, your lips are sealed, right?
Marina: Arisa-chan, you're already planning the next surprise... You really love Poppin'Party.
Arisa: Huh?! I-It's not like that!
Arisa: I've, uh, got to meet Maya-san now. See you later!
Marina: Later! Just let me know when you want the video, okay?!
