949_Arisa Ichigaya_R2 Wonderful Tour

<Arisa-senpai>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: So, what did you think? Perfect, right?!
Rimi: Yeah, it was really, really good~.
Saya: Now you can even play the part you had trouble with before.
Kasumi: I know! It's all that practice I've been doing every day.
Kasumi: We've been playing since this morning, so should we call it quits for today?
Arisa: Hmmm~... I'm fine either way.
Tae: What's wrong, Arisa? You look like Oddie when he wants seconds after eating his dinner.
Arisa: I'm not begging like a rabbit~! I just, you know, thought we could keep going...
Kasumi: Oho~, Arisa~! Someone is on fire today~♪ Alright, let's keep practicing then!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Phew~, that was so much fun~! I was totally in the zone, maybe even more than usual!
Tae: I think we were all following Arisa's lead this time around.
Saya: It did feel like you were on another level today, Arisa. Did something happen?
Arisa: No, nothing all that special... I got to hang out with Nanami-chan the other day.
Rimi: Ah, she texted me about that a while back. You helped her find something she was looking for, right?
Arisa: Yeah. And being with her helped me realize that we have people who look up to us now.
Arisa: I mean, there's LOCK and all the newcomers in the student council, but if you think about it, Morfonica is the first band to be under our wing, you know?
Arisa: Even in the CiRCLE notebook, up-and-coming players have been leaving messages behind. I feel like it's our responsibility to work hard for their sake too...
Kasumi: Whoa~...
Arisa: H-hey, what's with that face?!
Kasumi: Oh, nothing~. I realize it during our interview with Marina-san before, but you really care about all the newer bands!
Rimi: Uh-huh, I always thought she seemed super happy about it!
Tae: Despite being nervous at the sakura party, she was still looking out for all her juniors there.
Saya: Yep, I bet Morfonica is thrilled to have such a reliable and experienced person around.
Arisa: F-forget I said anything! I mean it! Stop looking at me that way!
Kasumi: Awww, but why~?! You were so cool, Arisa~!
Tae: Can I call you Arisa-senpai from now on?
Arisa: Don't you dare! We're in the same class, you know~!
Kasumi: Nice idea, O-Tae! Alright, Arisa-senpai! I hope you'll practice with us tomorrow too!
Arisa: I was planning on it, but you had better stop calling me that!
Saya: Say, why don't we make the most of it and use the studio instead? I'll ask Marina-san if there are any openings.
Tae: Good idea. Hearing Arisa's speech has got me fired up to do my best as a mentor as well.
Rimi: Same! I know we just finished, but I already want to play again. Ah, do you think this is how Sis and her group must have felt?
Kasumi: Yeah, no doubt! Alright, let's all aim to be super cool mentors like Yuri-senpai~!
Arisa: You had better work on being more mature first. You're about as reckless as they come.
Kasumi: Awww, don't say things like that, Arisa-senpai~!
Arisa: I told you to knock that off! And get away from me~!
Tae & Rimi & Saya: Hahahahaha!


<First Person to Look Up to Me>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE Café]

Arisa: It's almost time to meet up, and I don't see Kasumi anywhere. Well, it's not like she's late.
Arisa: But still... Sigh~...
Arisa: ... Ah, {{userName}}. Hello.
Arisa: No, I'm not tired or anything... but my feet are really sore right now...
Arisa: I went out with Nanami-chan the other day to look for something, and we ended up going all over the place~.
Arisa: Ah, it wasn't anything special, mind you. We were just looking for a prize of some kind. You know, the ones that come in snack foods.
Arisa: The brand was called Eerie Island. They had these super creepy figurines inside.
Arisa: I got a good look at them, and let's just say that I can't wrap my head around collecting that kind of stuff.
Arisa: Then again, I guess a hobby is a hobby. I'm sure you could say the same thing about bonsai.
Arisa: H-huh?! I look happy... Wh-what do you mean by that?
Arisa: It was a random thought I had, so don't go thinking I'm happy about it!
Arisa: It's that she... looks up to me as a musician. So I feel a sense of responsibility or something...
Arisa: No! I don't sound anything like a mentor! But it's still important to recognize the relationship we have.
Arisa: Although, to be honest, I've never really thought about this before now.
Arisa: It's because I joined a band? There might be some truth to that... Only a little, though.
Arisa: Kasumi has her own people to watch over, so it would be nice if she acted a little more responsible herself.
Arisa: We were supposed to meet up here, and she hasn't even contacted- Oh wait, I got a text.
Arisa: Let's see... "Sorry! I slept in and will be running late!"
Arisa: ... Tsk, looks like she still has a lot of growing up to do before she can call herself a role model.
