1058_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Making Pamphlets

<I Recommend the Student Council>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girl's Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Any typos or missing letters? ... Nope. And I finished checking the design too... Yeah, this should be fine.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai, this page is also good to go.
Rinko: Thank you... Your detailed checks have been... a great help...
Arisa: It's not that big of a deal. Plus, this kind of work isn't really hard.
Rinko: Fufu... The student council is often asked to do menial work like this...
Rinko: Thanks to you being here, the work goes so quickly... You really are such a big help...
Arisa: A-ahahaha... Thank you.
Arisa: Ah... But all things considered, there's quite a lot... Sorry about that...
Rinko: No, it's fine... I was the one that decided to put all this in the pamphlet, after all...
Arisa: But it was such a big help when you said we could. Saya and the others were really happy too.
Rinko: Fufu... Judging by what Yamabuki-san said... and these surveys... I realized we couldn't leave anything out....
Rinko: I think Poppin'Party's... proactive behavior has served as... a good source of motivation... for other students to get interested in... events and activities...
Rinko: Thanks to you all, there have been so many students... that actually submitted a survey for the pamphlet...
Arisa: No, no, you're exaggerating! This all began because Kasumi and the others thought it would be fun.
Arisa: Although... I guess you could say that working so hard just for the sake of fun is one of Poppin'Party's strong points...
Arisa: Besides, if it weren't for Hanasakigawa, the band might not have happened either.
Arisa: It's probably because everyone has an emotional attachment to the school that they were able to work so hard...
Rinko: That means that Hanasakigawa... is a special place for all of you... Fufu, that's wonderful...
Rinko: Um... I would like to hear about your... recommendations for the school as well... What did you write on the survey...?
Arisa: Huh?! Me?
Rinko: Yes... If you don't mind sharing...
Arisa: U-umm... For the time being... I recommended the courtyard.
Arisa: The wide open space really feels liberating.
Rinko: I also like the courtyard... I can hear everyone's voices... coming from the school building... And that makes me feel happy.
Rinko: Was there anything else...?
Arisa: Huh? Umm, I think that's about all that I wrote.
Rinko: I see...
Arisa: ... Huh? I-is there something wrong?
Rinko: A lot of the surveys... listed the student council room... as their recommendation...
Arisa: ...?!
Arisa: O-oh, I didn't know that... Maybe... it was someone from the student council.
Rinko: I wrote student council room too, but... I didn't think there would be... other people who would recommend it... So I was surprised...
Arisa: W-well, I mean, this room has a pretty good view, right? Wouldn't that mean a lot of people would want to recommend it?
Rinko: Yes... You're right... This room... has a good view...
Arisa: Yes... The view is really great.
Rinko: Fufufu...
Rinko: Let's do our best... with making the pamphlet...
Arisa: Yes, let's make it something worthwhile...
Arisa & Rinko: Haha, hahaha... Fufufufu...


<Arisa's Small Repayment>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Residential Area]

Arisa: I asked Rinko-senpai to check that one document... Maybe I should ask her about it, just in case...
Marina: Oh? It's Arisa-chan. Hello~.
Arisa: Marina-san and {{userName}}. Hello.
Marina: Today should be a day off for you, so if you're in your uniform... Does that mean there was something with the student council?
Arisa: Ahaha, you guessed it. We had to make some documents for the school introduction...
Marina: I see. Well then, good work today! ... Now that I think about it, Tsugumi-chan also has student council work to do on one of her days off.
Arisa: Student council is still student council, no matter what school it's at.
Marina: Ahaha, all student councils are busy, aren't they?
Marina: Ah, by the way, your school recently made a pamphlet, right? We heard about it from Saya-chan and the others.
Arisa: Ah~. I actually had the other Poppin'Party members help with that...
Arisa: There were documents we had to hand out with the pamphlet, as well as a lot of other stuff that had to be made.
Marina: Is the student council in charge of that too? Sounds pretty tough...
Arisa: Well, this is all part of the job.
Marina: Fufu, you're quite diligent, aren't you?
Arisa: That's not really the case...
Arisa: But we all worked pretty hard making the pamphlet, so I want to make sure it's sent out properly.
Marina: Actually, you also held a survey, right?
Arisa: Yes, when we were making the pamphlet, Saya suggested adding everyone's favorite parts about the school...
Arisa: When we compiled them, I realized I also had a lot of things that made me happy I enrolled at Hanasakigawa.
Arisa: Like stuff that I did with Poppin'Party, or everything that's happened after I joined the student council...
Arisa: So I guess... I felt like I had to give back to the school...
Marina: I see~... Mhmm.
Arisa: ...! I just said something embarrassing, didn't I...?!
Marina: Don't be silly! I think it's wonderful!
Arisa: N-no, it's not! Anyway, I have to get going! Please excuse me!
Marina: Fufu, good luck, Arisa-chan!
