1281_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Beware Sunlight!

<Fierce Summer Night Battle>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Bed And Breakfast]

Arisa: Okay, I'll play this card... Yes, I'm out!
Kasumi: Ahhh!
Tae: Kasumi, you lost again.
Kasumi: Nghhh~, no fair~. Nobody was picking my joker~!
Arisa: Well, Old Maid is just that kind of game...
Arisa: By the way, Kasumi, it was so obvious where you were holding the joker.
Kasumi: Huh?! How?!
Arisa: You kept looking at it and were holding it so tightly. It was way too easy to read you.
Saya: And your emotions always show on your face, Kasumi.
Rimi: They do. You looked like you were going to cry when I went to pull one of your cards that wasn't the joker...
Kasumi: What?! Really?!
Arisa: You know, Old Maid is meant to be like psychological warfare. You're supposed to read other people's emotions.
Arisa: If you stiffen up and let your emotions show like Kasumi does, you're done. You have to stay cool throughout the game.
Kasumi: Hnghhh! This is frustrating~! There's no way I'll lose the next one~!
Arisa: You say that now, but I bet your emotions will show on your face again.
Kasumi: Nope! Next time I will be totally fine!
Arisa: Oh~. Well, I'll try not to look forward to it too much.
(Black cut)
Rimi: Yay. I'm out~.
Saya: So Rimi-rin is in third place then... Which means...
Tae: It's Kasumi and Arisa one-on-one now.
Arisa: Hmph. Well, I guess this'll be another easy win.
Arisa: (Kasumi has two cards. Now, I wonder which one is the joker... Well, it'll be a piece of cake if I follow Kasumi's line of sight...)
Kasumi: ...!
Arisa: (... Wait, why is she staring at me?! Dang, I can't follow her gaze now. I'll check her fingers then. Whichever finger looks the most tense must be holding the joker...!)
Arisa: (... Ah, all of her fingers look equally tense. I can't tell where it is!)
Kasumi: ...!
Arisa: (How long is she gonna stare at me anyway?!)
Arisa: (Dang it, is it the card on the right? Or the left? Ah~, I don't know~! I'll have to guess...)
Arisa: (Wait, no, I have to win this...! If I lose, Kasumi will definitely gloat about it...!)
Saya: Fufu, good luck, Arisa~.
Rimi: You too, Kasumi-chan.
Kasumi: Hnghhh...!
Arisa: (Calm down, calm down. Stay cool. There must be a way I can win this...! If I calmly observe the situation, she's sure to crack...)
Arisa: (... Huh?)
Arisa: (... Her card on the left is sitting a bit higher than the one on the right...)
Arisa: (In other words, Kasumi must want me to pick that one. Which means... The joker is on the left! Fufu... Kasumi is so easy to read...!)
Arisa: Victory is mine! Kasumi, I'm taking the card on the right!
Kasumi: ...!
Arisa: ... Uh, what?! It's the joker!
Kasumi: Woohoo! I beat Arisaaa~!
Arisa: Y-you're kidding me?! How?! Why wasn't it the joker?!
Rimi: I also thought the card on the left was the joker. It was sticking up a bit higher than the card on the right...
Kasumi: Huh? It was? I was busy staring at Arisa to make sure she couldn't tell which one was the joker...
Saya: Arisa, were you maybe just overthinking it?
Arisa: Th-this isn't over yet! Now it's your turn to take one of my cards, Kasumi! Come on! Pick a card!
Saya: Arisa, aren't you getting a little too heated...?
Tae: Yeah, she's not keeping her cool at all.
Rimi: Fufu, I don't think this round of Old Maid is going to end anytime soon.


<Treasuring the Trivial>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Residential Area]

Arisa: Oh, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello, Arisa-chan. Are you on your way home from school?
Arisa: Yes. Even during summer vacation, the student council has lots of things to do...
Marina: That must be tiring... Good work today! By the way, I heard that you went on a trip with Poppin'Party.
Arisa: Yeah. Well, it was only two days and one night, but we stayed in a bed and breakfast near the sea.
Marina: Huh, but staying overnight by the sea with everyone sounds like a lot of fun.
Arisa: It was. Kasumi in particular wouldn't stay still... Things were a lot more lively than usual.
Marina: Fufu, I can almost picture it~. Kasumi-chan does seem the type to get overly excited.
Arisa: She is! Checkout was quite early, so I wanted to sleep straight away, but Kasumi was so hyper and wouldn't go to sleep.
Arisa: In the end, we played cards... and because of her, it was so hard to wake up in the morning! Ugh, that girl...
Marina: Fufu, so you had a lot of fun together then. It was good thinking to bring a pack of cards though~. Who brought them?
Arisa: W-well... I did...
Arisa: Like, how can I explain...?! I knew that Kasumi and the others would say they wanted to play cards, so I brought them just in case...
Marina: Is that so? Fufu, you're so thoughtful, Arisa-chan.
Marina: But I think that, with vacations, silly things like that remain in your memory more than any landmarks you might've seen.
Arisa: I guess... Staying up all night was really silly, but it was also quite, well... fun...
Marina: In a way, trivial things like that might be the best part of traveling.
Arisa: Maybe... And if I had never met Poppin'Party, then I never would have experienced these silly things...
Marina: That's right. When you're with your friends, you can experience a whole lot of things that you can't on your own.
Marina: I hope you girls get the chance to make many more memories together.
Arisa: Y-yeah... I guess we're also some of the only people who can keep up with Kasumi...
Arisa: ... Huh? Ahhh! I have to get going!
Marina: What's the matter?
Arisa: Everybody is waiting for me in the basement. Kasumi said we should have a practice.
Marina: I see. Fufu, good luck with practice.
Arisa: Thank you for listening to everything I had to say today. Now, I had better be going!
