1320_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Starry Honor Student

Gacha phrase: No, I'm not~. I'm just doing what I'm told.

<Because We Met When We Did>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: Man~, I'm exhausted. Sorry to keep you guys waiting.
Tae: Don't worry, we haven't been waiting that long.
Rimi: Your student council work must've been very tiring. There are snacks if you'd like.
Kasumi: We were just talking about how amazing The Pink Bun Bun Empire concert was~.
Arisa: That's all you've been talking about lately. Don't you ever get tired of it?
Kasumi: But the harmony between Rei-san and O-Tae was so beautiful!
Saya: Yeah, listening to it was a real treat.
Tae: Our duet only worked because Rei taught me a lot about singing.
Arisa: Well, LAYER always was a good singer. She was pretty famous at the music school too.
Tae: So were you, though it was for the piano in your case.
Arisa: Wh-who cares about me?!
Saya: Oh yeah. Arisa went to the same music school as you and LAYER, right?
Tae: Mm-hmm, but we were in different classes.
Kasumi: Wow~! Hey, hey! What was Arisa like when she was little?
Arisa: What are you asking that for?!
Tae: She was really good at the piano and got lots of stars.
Arisa: Gah~! Cut it out! E-enough about me! Ask about O-Tae!
Saya: Fufu, alright. So, what were you like when you were little?
Tae: I drank hot melon cider.
Saya: Huh? What do you mean...?
Arisa: Sigh~... Fine, I'll explain...
(Black cut)
Saya: Ahaha... I see. I guess you haven't changed much from then, O-Tae.
Tae: Ehehe, you think?
Arisa: I don't think that's supposed to make you blush...
Tae: What about you, Saya? What were you like?
Saya: Hmm~... I liked to help out at home. I remember being so happy when I got an apron with the same design as my mom's.
Rimi: Fufu, that sounds like you.
Saya: And what about you, Rimi-rin? What were you like when you were little?
Rimi: I... I used to stay at home and play with my sister a lot. I had trouble talking to the other kids in class...
Tae: Were you shy?
Rimi: Maybe...?
Tae: That's so cute.
Rimi: ... This is so embarrassing.
Kasumi: When I was little-
Arisa: No need, Kasumi.
Kasumi: What?! Why?!
Arisa: What do you mean why? It's kinda obvious... You're gonna tell the story, aren't you?
Kasumi: And how would you know for sure unless you let me talk? Come on, Arisa~. Please let me~.
Arisa: Ugh, fine, fine. You're not wrong about not knowing for sure. Go on then.
Kasumi: When I was little, I heard the beating of the stars! And ever since then, I've been wanting to find something sparkling and heart-pounding like that...
Arisa: Dammit, I knew it! You've told that one a hundred times already!
Kasumi: ...
Arisa: Wh-what's with the sudden silence? If you wanna tell it that badly, I'll listen, so...
Kasumi: Oh, it's not that. I just had a thought about what might've happened if we'd met when we were little.
Saya: Fufu, you mean like if we were childhood friends? We'd probably have a lot more shared memories.
Rimi: And maybe we would've done things like eat lunch together and gather in this basement...
Arisa: How's that any different from what we're doing now?
Rimi: Ah... You're right. Fufu, maybe it wouldn't have been that different.
Arisa: Well, not gonna deny it might've been interesting to meet back then... but what we've got right now isn't that bad if you ask me.
Arisa: We became Poppin'Party because we met when we did, after all.
Kasumi, Tae, Saya & Rimi: ...
Rimi: I think you're right. We're who we are now because of everything that happened.
Saya: Yeah. That was sorta touching. Fufu, you always do say such nice things, Arisa~.
Arisa: Th-that wasn't what I was going for.
Tae: I feel the same way as Arisa. I love who we are now.
Arisa: S-stop saying corny stuff like that! And it's pretty obvious how we feel, so no need to come out and say it...!
Kasumi: Arisa~!
Arisa: Urk!
Kasumi: I love Poppin'Party so much too~! I'm so, so happy you feel the same way~!
Arisa: Argh, get your arms off of me! We've got some practicing to do!
Kasumi: Okay!


<Subconscious Kindness>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Arisa: Ah. Hello, Marina-san, {{userName}}.
Marina: Hi, Arisa-chan. Shopping?
Arisa: Yes. I went out to grab some snacks since there's going to be practice in my basement right after this.
Marina: I see. You really are such a nice girl.
Arisa: Uh, that came out of nowhere. Wh-what do you mean?
Marina: Remember when The Pink Bun Bun Empire was practicing in the studio?
Marina: You showed up a lot to check on them and bring snacks. It seemed like something a kind person who cares deeply about their friends would do.
Arisa: Oh, that. Well, you know, that was just me keeping tabs on O-Tae to make sure she didn't cause LAYER any trouble.
Arisa: But a large part of it was because I felt I had to watch over them...
Marina: Watch over them? What for?
Arisa: Um, I happened to be there when they decided to make their band.
Marina: I see. You three must be close then.
Arisa: Uh~... We did go to the same music school when we were kids...
Marina: Really~? I had no idea.
Arisa: I barely knew them back then, though.
Arisa: I didn't even know about O-Tae, and LAYER was just someone I'd heard about who was a good singer. That's all they were to me.
Arisa: But the two of them were pretty close... I was really surprised when I found out LAYER picked up the bass so she could be in a band with O-Tae...
Arisa: That was when I realized just how much that promise with O-Tae meant to her.
Arisa: It may seem like The Pink Bun Bun Empire was created on a whim, but for the two of them, I'm sure it meant a lot.
Arisa: So, after hearing that, I just felt the need to watch over them till the end...
Marina: I see. So that's why you were checking on them during practice.
Arisa: Yes, something like that.
Marina: Fufu, you really are nice then. I heard the concert was a big success, by the way.
Arisa: It was crazy good! You should've heard how beautiful their harmony was...
Marina: I think part of that is thanks to you watching over them.
Arisa: Huh? But all I did was literally watch... I didn't do anything.
Marina: That's exactly it. Both LAYER-chan and Tae-chan looked happy whenever you visited.
Marina: I'm sure it was your support and kindness that let them focus on practice and their show.
Arisa: I-I dunno. Well, not that it matters a whole lot either way.
Marina: Fufufu. Ah... We should head back soon. How are you on time?
Arisa: Uh-oh... I need to get back!
Arisa: Sorry! I have to go now. Goodbye!
