1323_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: You guys really celebrated my birthday pretty hard again this year~.

<A Message for Each Balloon>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Arisa: A birthday cake and handmade sweets... You went all out for my birthday again this year.
Kasumi: But wait! There's one more special present from all of us! We'll bring it out right now, so just sit tight!
Arisa: What? There's more...? ... Whoa, whoa, what's the deal? Why'd you all suddenly bring balloons over...?
Rimi: Arisa-chan, thank you for everything you do.
Saya: Don't go pushing yourself too hard, Arisa.
Kasumi: Arisa, let's be friends forever and ever~!
Arisa: H-hang on a sec. Are these...
Kasumi: Yeah! They're messages from us to you!
Rimi: We talked it over and thought you might like it if we gave you balloons with messages written on them.
Saya: We don't really get the chance to tell you stuff like this outright, after all. So we thought this might be nice. What do you think? Did our messages get through to you?
Arisa: Y-you guys...
Tae: Here, Arisa. Let's always stay close.
Arisa: O-O-Tae... Wait, is this a rabbit?! W-well... I'll gladly accept it...
Saya: Come on, Arisa. I'll take a commemorative picture, so smile, smile. Yeah, just like that! Okay, here I go~. Say cheese♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<Balloons and Buoyancy>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Rinko: Thank you for your hard work, Ichigaya-san... I'm glad that we finished our student council duties early...
Arisa: Yeah. Now it looks like I'll only be slightly late to band practice.
Arisa: The other day, we took a day off of practice so the others could throw me a birthday party, so we'll have to buckle down again.
Rinko: Speaking of which, how was your birthday? You spent it with everyone from Poppin'Party, right...?
Arisa: Ah, yeah. We celebrated it together. And they even got me these without me knowing about it...
Rinko: Wow... What lovely balloons... So the others got those for you...?
Arisa: Yes. After we'd done all our celebrating, they told me they had a special present for me.
Arisa: It might be hard to see in the picture, but each balloon had a message written on it.
Rinko: I see... So that is why there are four of them...
Rinko: Each balloon has its own shape and color, so I can feel the sentiments of each person...
Arisa: Just looking at this rabbit-shaped one... it's like you can tell it's from O-Tae.
Rinko: Fufu, that's true... I'm so glad you had such a fun birthday. You seemed to enjoy yourself as you talked about it...
Arisa: I-I did? ... Well, I am grateful to them for doing something like this for me.
Arisa: By the way, these balloons are still floating around in my basement. I hope they last as long as possible~...
Rinko: Fufu, just picturing them floating around... makes it seem like a concert venue...
Arisa: Ahahaha, you've got a point. I bet Kasumi will say the same thing when she comes by today.
Arisa: Ah, I have to get going to practice soon... Rinko-senpai, thank you for listening.
Rinko: Of course. Thank you for sharing such a lovely story and picture with me... Let's both do our best for the rest of the day.
Arisa: Yeah!
