1350_Arisa Ichigaya_R2 Lollipop☆Doll

<How About a Catchphrase?>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Aya Maruyama)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Arisa: ... Rimi sure was pushing herself at emcee practice yesterday...
Arisa: I helped her out for a bit in the basement... but maybe I could've done more...
Arisa: Though, I'm not exactly the best public speaker either... If only I had some good tips to give...
Aya: Ah! Arisa-chan, hello! Is something wrong? You've got a stern look on your face.
Arisa: Ah, Aya-senpai, hello. Huh? I do?
Aya: Yep, you look lost in thought walking around like that... Is something troubling you?
Arisa: Ah, umm...
Arisa: (Oh, maybe Aya-senpai would know... a trick to emceeing...)
Arisa: E-excuse me! Aya-senpai, can I have a bit of your time?
(Black cut)
Aya: Ohh, you're taking turns emceeing! That sounds really fun!
Arisa: Yes, Rimi is going to emcee next time, and she's trying her best to prepare for the show.
Arisa: I wanted to show my support so I gave her a little advice, but I'm worried it wasn't useful...
Aya: I see. Well, emceeing is pretty tricky~...
Aya: I'm always trying to improve as well by watching lots of different idols. Emceeing is a really important part of being an idol, you know? Some people even become fans because of it.
Arisa: I hear you...
Aya: The things I make sure to do are, umm~...
Aya: First, don't stutter!
Aya: If you trip over your words, it interrupts the flow of a good story. The audience will have trouble re-focusing after that.
Aya: Second, I try to speak with sincerity. You can't touch people's hearts if you don't believe in the things you say.
Arisa: Interesting... Don't stutter... Be sincere...
Aya: Ah! Another thing I do is use a catchphrase! They make you feel more approachable and grab the audience's attention!
Arisa: Right, a catchph— A catchphrase?! For Rimi...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: My love is sweeter than a chocolate cornet♪ I'm Rimi Ushigome, the bassist of Poppin'Party♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... N-no, no, no! A catchphrase is a bit much...!
Aya: Really~? I think they're neat.
Aya: I know! I'll come up with one for you, Arisa-chan!
Arisa: Huh? I-it's fine! I've already finished my turn at emceeing!
Aya: But you may get the chance to emcee again in the future, right? So I'll prepare one for you to use!
Aya: What could it be~? You're known for your cool basement... and you play the keyboard... Hmm...
Arisa: Y-you really don't need to put that much thought into it!
Aya: I've got it! I'm the basement princess and keyboardist, Arisa Ichigaya♪ What do you think?!
Arisa: U-umm...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: I'm the basement princess and keyboardist of Poppin'Party, Arisa Ichigaya♪
Arisa: I'll stash your heart away♪
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: ... N-no, no, no, no! Not a chance! What even is a basement princess anyway?!
Arisa: Rimi and I aren't idols, so I don't think we need catchphrases...!
Aya: Aww~. You think so~? You're both cute, so I think you could pull it off~.
Arisa: Well, whether we can pull it off or not isn't really the issue...
Aya: Ah! Then how about this one...?!
Arisa: Th-there's more?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Sincere Words>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Residential Area]

Arisa: Ah, {{userName}}. Fancy meeting you here. You're out shopping, huh?
Arisa: Anyway... did you see Rimi emcee the other day...? Yeah, it was really something.
Arisa: Uh-huh. The crowd was totally fired up and, how should I say this, Rimi's emceeing was so her.
Arisa: You know how when you speak in front of an audience, you try and act cool?
Arisa: Like, you want people to think you're confident... I mean, I guess I kind of think like that.
Arisa: It feels like I have to prove myself, so I talk about my impressive achievements or make things sound better than they actually are.
Arisa: But Rimi's emceeing had none of that... It was true to herself. She showed us all who she was, honestly and openly.
Arisa: She's not even a confident public speaker, but she was able to speak properly without shying away... It was seriously impressive.
Arisa: Since joining the Student Council, I've tried hard to get better at speaking in front of others as well...
Arisa: Even so, there are still times when I can't relax, or I try too hard to be perfect.
Arisa: It's not easy to just let your feelings out like Rimi did.
Arisa: That's why seeing her emcee was kind of emotional... I realized that that's how you touch people's hearts.
Arisa: I thought she was cool. I bet that's what being cool is all about.
Arisa: If only I could talk to people more sincerely like that.
Arisa: ... Huh? I'm being sincere right now?
Arisa: N-now that you mention it... Was I influenced by Rimi's emceeing? I guess it was pretty eye-opening.
Arisa: Y-yeah, I guess I could be more sincere like th-
Arisa: ... Eep, this is getting kind of embarrassing...
Arisa: What? There's nothing to be embarrassed about? N-no, no, no, I'm telling you, this is too much for me!
Arisa: Wh-what did you expect? I can't change at the drop of a hat!
Arisa: Ugh, enough! End of discussion!
Arisa: W-well, anyway, thanks for listening. I have to go practice in the basement now!
