1363_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 You’re Such a Handful

Gacha phrase: What's with all the fuss? It's just a bit of snow...

<Beckoned by the Snow Pt. 1>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: I-it's freezing~!
Rimi: Ah, good morning. The snow made it really cold outside, didn't it?
Arisa: Seriously, guys. I don't think we need to go to all this trouble to practice for our show on a day like this.
Saya: Sure~. I bet you came to the basement early in the morning though.
Saya: Because it was already nice and warm when I showed up.
Tae: Looks like you're pretty eager too, huh, Arisa?
Arisa: Y-you guys have the wrong idea, okay?! I only woke up early 'cause of the crazy cold...!
Arisa: Anyway, what's with the snow on your head, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Ehehe~, I came here without using an umbrella.
Arisa: You're such a handful sometimes. That's just asking to catch a cold~. I'll give you a towel later, so dry yourself off, all right...?
Kasumi: Okay~!
Tae: You know, the snow hasn't been letting up at all since yesterday. At this rate, it might even start piling up.
Saya: Oh~, everything might turn white by noon~.
Kasumi: If that happens, why don't we play in the snow during our lunch break? It's not every day that we get enough snow to play in!
Arisa: You sound like a kid. Who in their right mind would wanna go out in this cold?
Kasumi: Really~? But it'll be fun~! Right, guys?
Rimi: I think it would be a shame to miss this chance, so I would like to.
Tae: I can't wait to make some snow rabbits.
Arisa: What's with all the fuss? It's just a bit of snow...
Kasumi: All right~! Let's start practicing then! I hope we get lots of snow~.
Arisa: Sigh~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Ichigaya Residence - Entrance]

Kasumi: Whoa~! Look, look! Everything's so white outside!
Saya: Wow~! It looks like the snow did manage to cover everything up real good~! I'm gonna take some pictures!
Arisa: Ugh, it's freezing... There, you happy? Let's hurry back to the basement now.
Kasumi: No way~. We haven't even played in the snow at all~. Just a bit more. Please?
Arisa: Great...
Kasumi: Hey, doesn't seeing snow without any footprints really make you wanna leave some?
Rimi: I really get what you mean~! I can't wait to walk all over the snow either.
Tae: All right, let's go. On my mark!
Saya: Fufufu, roger. You ready too, Arisa?
Arisa: Guys... I don't get how you can be so eager to do stuff in this cold.
Kasumi: It's 'cause this is snow we're talking about, and it'll melt away soon~.
Kasumi: Arisa... This snow... This'll be our only chance to experience it!
Arisa: ... I know you're trying to make it sound like some inspirational line, but you just wanna play in the snow, don't you?
Kasumi: And what if I do~? What's wrong with that~? C'mon, let's play~.
Tae: Something you can only experience now... Looking at it that way makes the snow seem like a concert...
Arisa: Huh?
Kasumi: Yeah, you're such a genius, O-Tae! Playing in the snow and shows are the same!
Arisa: Pushing things much? Nobody's buying that one!
Saya: Fufufu. Playing in the snow isn't going to kill you, Arisa. It'll be fun together.
Tae: I'm gonna make lots of snow rabbits!
Rimi: I want to help! Arisa-chan, let's make some together.
Arisa: ... For real~?
Kasumi: Come on, hurry up~!
Arisa: Oh, all right...! Could you stop tugging now? I get it already!


<Beckoned by the Snow Pt. 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Entrance]

Arisa: Lemme see... Stick these two together, and...
Rimi: Is that a snowman you're making, Arisa-chan?
Rimi: Ah... Is it supposed to be Kasumi-chan? The hair looks just like hers. It is her, isn't it?
Arisa: Y-yeah... I thought it'd be kinda boring to make a plain old snowman...
Rimi: The hair really captures her characteristics! Maybe I'll also make one that looks like one of the others!
Rimi: Let's see~. I'll go with Saya-chan.
Arisa: Want a hand rolling up the snow? I can make the body.
Rimi: Yes, please! Thank you!
Rimi: Hmm... This should be about the right size.
Arisa: I'm done over here.
Rimi: Thanks! Now I just have to place this, and...
Rimi: My Saya-chan snowman is complete!
Arisa: Huh, nice job with the ponytail. It really looks like hers.
Tae: That's Saya, isn't it? You should have her hold these sticks then...
Tae: Once you have her raise her hands...
Arisa: Not bad! Drumsticks!
Rimi: Now our star drummer is complete!
Kasumi: Hey, what're you all up to?!
Rimi: Ah, Kasumi-chan, Saya-chan. We're working on snowmen that are supposed to look like you two!
Kasumi: Wow! This one's me right?! I can tell because of the hair!
Rimi: Arisa-chan's the one who made it.
Kasumi: It's so well-made, Arisa~. You must've studied me real good~♪
Arisa: D-don't get the wrong idea! You were just in a good spot that made it easy for me to get a decent look!
Saya: Fufufu. Hey, since we've got two of us here already, why don't we make ones modeled after the rest of us
Saya: We can even take some pictures once we're done!
Kasumi: Nice idea, Saya! Time to make some snowmen!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: We did it~! A full set of Poppin'Party snowmen~!
Tae: Yeah, our very own SnowPops!
Saya: Let's take some pictures then!
Kasumi: Oh, and how about we have a snowball fight after that?
Arisa: Sigh, seriously...? You do know we're only supposed to be taking a break from practice, right?
Kasumi: O-of course, I do~. Anyway... Ready or not, here I come, Arisa~!
Arisa: Whoa, whoa, hold it...
Kasumi: You're wide open!
Kasumi: Yay~! Bullseye!
Arisa: ... That's it.
Rimi: Arisa-chan...?
Arisa: You are so getting it, Kasumi! Take this~!
(Black cut)
Rimi: Mmm~! We sure got to play in the snow a lot...!
Tae: Time flies when you're having fun.
Kasumi: I really enjoyed the snowball fight~! Let's have another round after practice!
Arisa: S-snowball fights... take... too much energy... I'm never... doing this... again...
Saya: Fufufu, says the person who probably threw the most snowballs.
Arisa: I-it's just... an eye for an eye, you know?!
Arisa: And haven't you had enough already? Let's hurry back to the basement and practice!
Kasumi: Okay~!
Arisa: Hold it, Kasumi... You've got snow in your hair again.
Kasumi: Ah, you're right...!
Arisa: Your hair's a mess too. Be sure to dry it with the towel I gave you earlier.
Kasumi: Okay~! I'll head down first then!
Arisa: Sigh~, I am so exhausted~... Sheesh.
Arisa: Hm...?
Arisa: Looks like this SnowPop's head decoration fell off...
Arisa: Sigh~. Even this Kasumi somehow manages to be a handful...
Arisa: ... There. Fixed. Brr~, it's so cold~...
