1371_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Doubts Melting Away

Gacha phrase: O-on second thought, we'll help out too!

<Ending with a Smile>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Saya: Pardon me... Ah, I knew you would be in here.
Arisa: Oh, it's you, Saya. What's up?
Saya: I just gave the photos from the Hanasakigawa Community Festival to one of the girls in the newspaper club. I thought I'd show you them as well.
Arisa: I see. Thanks... Whoa, you sure took a lot!
Saya: I had fun taking them, so I got carried away.
Arisa: All of the visitors are smiling so happily... Seeing this really makes me glad we did that event.
Arisa: I didn't have time to look at their faces properly that day.
Saya: You kept having one problem after another~. But it wasn't just the day of the event that was tough, right?
Arisa: You could say that. Lately, I get the feeling that, no matter what I was doing, I was thinking about that event...
Arisa: It feels like I've finally been set free and have had that weight lifted off of my shoulders.
Saya: Fufu, you worked really hard. Good job.
Arisa: Same to you. You did a lot of other stuff besides being photographer, so it was a major help.
Saya: You're welcome... Ah, I almost forgot. Arisa, take a look at this.
Arisa: Lemme see... Ahh, this is that photo we took right before we left after cleaning up! Tomoe-san and Ako-chan joined up with us then.
Saya: That's right! It's one of my favorites.
Arisa: Yeah. Tomoe-san and Ako-chan... not to mention Rinko-senpai, have such great smiles.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai was having trouble with the event, but things with Tomoe-san also seemed tough... I'm glad they were able to end things with a smile like this.
Saya: Ah~, you're talking about how the both of them had the wrong impressions of each other, right?
Arisa: Yeah. That was a headache completely separate from the event. It must be pretty hard clearing up a misunderstanding like that, huh?
Saya: Yeah. If it was the completely wrong impression, you'd be able to just deny it...
Arisa: But in this case, it was a subtle misunderstanding that felt like it kept getting worse and worse.
Saya: I'm glad the two of them seemed to be able to talk in the end.
Arisa: Right. Well, I can say this now that it's been settled, but I was honestly stumped when Rinko-senpai asked me for advice about it.
Arisa: When she seriously told me that she was being thought of like a battle manga protagonist, for a second I wasn't sure if she was joking or what...
Arisa: And what's more, she then tells me that Tomoe-san is like everyone's hero.
Arisa: I didn't know how to respond, and in the end, I wasn't able to say anything helpful~.
Saya: Ah~... If I were you in that moment, I would've had trouble responding too.
Saya: Tomoe asked me for advice on the same thing, so I said I would help her explain it properly, but when it came down to it, it didn't go all that well.
Saya: Since she's a cool big sister from Ako's perspective, it must've been hard for her to say anything that would contradict that.
Arisa: I see. Ako-chan was there too, after all.
Arisa: Rinko-senpai had quite a bit of trouble telling her side too.
Arisa: I feel like she was saying it properly, but it came across the entirely wrong way to Tomoe-san and Ako-chan.
Arisa: Whatever she told them, they'd just say she was really passionate.
Saya: Yeah, it was like that when Tomoe talked about Rinko-senpai. She said that even if the student council kept having problems, she would be quietly fired up!
Saya: That was completely different than the Rinko-senpai we know, so I couldn't really picture it.
Arisa: At the time, Tomoe-san probably just saw Rinko-senpai as a passionate person no matter what she said.
Arisa: Thinking about it that way... those two are incredible.
Saya: What do you mean?
Arisa: I mean, both of them thought of the other as being more amazing than they actually are, right?
Arisa: I think it takes a lot of courage to deny that and show your true self.
Arisa: If someone asked me whether I could do that, I'd say it'd be super hard...
Saya: You've got a point. And that might be exactly why the two of them were able to smile like that at the end.
Saya: By working up their courage and showing their true selves to each other, they might've been able to let their guards down more than before.
Arisa: Showing their true selves, huh? It's just like the two of them said. Both Rinko-senpai and Tomoe-san are cool.
Saya: Yeah! Ah, but you know... you were also cool that day.
Arisa: ...? I was? I didn't really do anything though...
Saya: Look at this. It's you elegantly performing your student council duties at the event!
Arisa: Agh! I remember when you took this! I knew I was making a weird face!
Saya: No you weren't! Look, don't you think your side profile looks really earnest? This is my favorite photo from that day.
Arisa: No, that's seriously embarrassing! Don't show this to anyone, okay? Especially Kasumi!
Saya: Aw~, and here I was thinking about going and showing her.
Arisa: Don't you dare! Swear to me you won't!


<Lending an Ear>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Arisa: Phew~, it's freezing~... Ah, hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}.
Marina: Hello, Arisa-chan. Did school just end?
Arisa: Yes. I'm thinking of going to a café or something right now.
Arisa: Lately, I've been busy with a student council event, so I need to relax...
Marina: Ah, now that you mention it, you had an event at Hanasakigawa, didn't you? If I recall, it was the Hanasakigawa Community Festival, right?
Arisa: Oh, so you knew about it.
Marina: Yeah. Seems like it was tough. I'm sure you worked really hard.
Arisa: Thank you very much. But, well, Rinko-senpai had it the hardest.
Arisa: She was asked for advice about this and that from the students as well as people from our local community...
Arisa: Even on the day of the event, she was busy taking care of problems that kept popping up.
Marina: I can imagine. Since the event involved the community, I bet there would be different issues than usual.
Arisa: That's right. But even in that situation, she didn't abandon her work, and carefully handled each issue that was brought to her...
Arisa: Things already seem to be tough with her band joining a music agency... It really makes me think that she's incredible...
Marina: Mhm. Rinko-chan really is a hard worker.
Marina: But that also might make you worry a little about whether she's pushing herself too hard.
Arisa: You said it. That's why I was hoping to lessen her burden if even just a little bit, but...
Arisa: When she actually came to me for advice on a problem, I wasn't able to say anything helpful...
Marina: It certainly can be difficult to give a good answer depending on what people ask for advice on.
Arisa: Ah, uh, I don't know if you could say it was difficult or peculiar...
Arisa: She said she was being mistaken for being really cool and wanted to clear up that misunderstanding...
Arisa: And she even got the wrong idea about the other person and thought they were a hero who could do anything, so it made the situation even more complicated...
Marina: Th-that certainly does sound difficult... If I were in your shoes, I might've been pretty stumped too...
Arisa: Yeah... I didn't want to lower their opinions of each other by saying something thoughtless, but the situation couldn't just be left as is either.
Arisa: But it looks like the two of them talked properly and cleared up the misunderstanding, so I'm relieved.
Marina: Fufu, people's worries might get solved like that more often than you'd think. In any case, I'm glad they were able to solve the problem.
Arisa: Actually, them clearing things up so easily was kind of anticlimactic... I might've just been overthinking things.
Marina: But it must be gratifying for her to have someone like you who will take her worries seriously.
Arisa: No, no, I seriously wasn't able to do anything all that great...!
Marina: I don't know about that. Just having someone by your side to worry over things with you can be helpful.
Arisa: I-is that so...? Well, if I was able to be of help to Rinko-senpai even just a little bit, then that's great.
Arisa: Ah, I'm sorry. You were both working and I dragged you into a conversation...!
Marina: Not at all, don't worry about it! Please come by CiRCLE next time too!
Arisa: Thank you very much. Well then, please excuse me.
