1462_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 With Our Bunny Cornets

Gacha phrase: I feel that sparkling, heart-pounding sensation every day. Probably as much as you do.

<Bunny Cornet Selection Meeting>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Saya: Ta-da! I took the ideas we discussed the other day and came up with these bunny cornets~.
Kasumi: Wow~! Look at all these chocolate cornets! They've even got bunny faces on them! How adorable~!
Rimi: They're almost too cute to eat~!
Arisa: Wow, Saya... They're practically perfect.
Tae: Umm, this one is strawberry flavor... And this yellow one is... cream?
Saya: Yep. I also made red bean and special chocolate flavors.
Rimi: Are those the ones with lots of chocolate kneaded into the dough?! I've been looking forward to trying one~.
Saya: You put a lot of effort into coming up with that idea, Rimi-rin. I also tried mixing white chocolate into the strawberry one.
Arisa: Interesting~. The pink and white colors go together well. And this one here must be the red bean flavor O-Tae suggested.
Kasumi: Mmm~, they all look so yummy~. I can't wait to show everyone!
Tae: Ah!
Arisa: What's up, O-Tae?
Tae: Let's make a Hanazono Cornet Land at the event venue!
Arisa: What on earth are you talking about?!
Arisa: Anyway, we have to decide which of these we wanna serve.
Kasumi: Do we really have to choose~? They all look so tasty...
Tae: Hanazono Cornet Land won't be complete without the full lineup.
Saya: Ahaha... I know how you guys feel, but it's too hard to prepare all of them...
Rimi: It's a bit of a shame, but we'll just have to narrow it down to a few candidates.
Kasumi: I see~... Hngh, fine~... In that case, let's choose carefully so we can offer the best bunny cornets possible to everybody!
Saya: Fufu, you bet! So which ones are you guys voting for?
Rimi: Well, you can't go wrong with the classic chocolate flavor! And this one's a special edition, so I really want people to try it...
Arisa: True. I guess it is the most familiar flavor.
Rimi: Also, a Japanese-style red bean flavor would give customers more options. I think it'd go well with warm tea...
Rimi: And what about serving these strawberry cornets with fresh strawberries on top...? The sweet and sour flavor of the strawberries will keep people coming back for more!
Arisa: O-oh... Haha, great idea, Rimi.
Saya: Ahaha. Rimi-rin, you're like a cornet expert.
Rimi: Huh? N-not at all~. I just want everyone to enjoy delicious chocolate cornets...
Saya: Fufu, I'm glad we can depend on you. This is going to be a wonderful store thanks to you, Rimi-sensei.
Rimi: S-sensei...? Gosh, don't tease me, Saya-chan~.
Tae: Munch, munch... Yep, Rimi's right. The chocolate flavor is a must.
Arisa: Wha-? Hey! O-Tae, you're eating them already?!
Tae: Well, we can't judge them unless we try them. Here, Arisa, have one.
Arisa: They're not yours to offer!
Kasumi: ... Ufufu~♪
Arisa: ... Huh? What are you so smiley about, Kasumi?
Kasumi: Ngh~!  I absolutely can't wait for the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY!
Kasumi: Look at how much fun we're having just talking about the bread! Can you imagine what the real thing is gonna be like?!
Saya: Fufu, good point. We had a blast making bread and original drinks at the last Girls Band Party too.
Arisa: Yeah... It was fun but really hectic too.
Arisa: We had to start from scratch by getting the bands to take part...
Rimi: It was pretty nerve-wracking meeting all those new people.
Arisa: Uh-huh. Not to mention, Kasumi kept saying yes to everything without thinking about it properly. It was so chaotic.
Kasumi: What~? You were totally on board, Arisa!
Arisa: W-was I...? S-still, even after we got the five bands together, all of our opinions clashed, and we had arguments.
Arisa: I was so stressed when we couldn't agree on anything.
Tae: And then we had to drag everyone along.
Arisa: Don't say it like that!
Rimi: Ahaha... Even so, that first Girls Band Party eventually led to this CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! It's kind of strange when you think about it.
Arisa: Yeah... When all's said and done, we got to meet some pretty awesome band members.
Arisa: ... So, well, I guess Kasumi's proactiveness turned out okay in the end... and I'm looking forward to this event...
Kasumi: ...! Arisa~!
Arisa: Agh~! Get off of me!
Kasumi: Let's do our best to make sure people enjoy both the bunny cornets and the concert!
Arisa: ... You don't need to state the obvious. We've gotta go all out this time.
Saya: Fufu, you said it, Arisa!
Tae: After we pick which cornets to serve, let's practice the song for the event.
Kasumi: Yeah, sounds like a plan!
Arisa: Then let's get this cornet menu decided already. Quickly, guys!
All: Okay!


<Sparkling, Heart-Pounding for Me>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Riverside]

Marina: We're in the home stretch of our event preparations now. Let's give it our all again today!
Marina: Ah, is that Arisa-chan walking up ahead...? Hey, Arisa-chan!
Arisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}, hello. I was just about to make my way to CiRCLE.
Marina: Us too. Would you like to head over together?
Arisa: Sure! I actually wanted to check in with you about how the preparations are coming along...
Marina: I see. Thanks for lending us a hand again today.
Marina: You and the other Poppin'Party girls always try your best to help out. You really are lifesavers.
Arisa: Well, we know how hectic it can be to prepare for a concert, and we also want this to be an event we all create together...
Arisa: Besides, we owe a lot to CiRCLE.
Marina: The feeling is mutual. Poppin'Party has been a pillar of strength to us ever since the first Girls Band Party.
Arisa: Yeah, that was a busy time as well. We had to start by recruiting bands to take part...
Arisa: And even though we had our hands full, Kasumi started taking on all this extra work...
Marina: Ahaha. Still, I think it was Kasumi-chan's can-do attitude that pulled everyone together.
Arisa: ... Yeah, there's a ton of stuff we couldn't have done without her...
Arisa: ... When I look back on all the shows we've held at CiRCLE, despite the frenzy, they were really fun...
Arisa: And I don't just mean the concerts themselves, but the preparation and briefing sessions too... As Kasumi would say, it was all very sparkling and heart-pounding.
Arisa: CiRCLE is where all these memories took place. That's why I wanna try my hardest this time as well.
Marina: I see...! Thank you, Arisa-chan. I appreciate your support!
Arisa: Likewise.
Marina: Fufu, at any rate, I'm heartened to know you feel this way... You're happy too, right, {{userName}}-san?
Arisa: C-can we not talk about this anymore...? More importantly, we have a lot of work to get through today, so let's get a move on!
Marina: Fufu, okay. Let's do our best to make sure customers have a great time at the event!
Arisa: S-sure...!
