1492_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 To the Dressing Room!

Gacha phrase: Let me know too if you need a hand, all right?

<Every Band>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Huff... Huff... I-I'm sorry I kept you waiting...!
Rinko: Don't worry, you're right on time...
Rinko: Maybe you should rest a little though... It looks like you were running pretty hard.
Arisa: N-no, I'm fine.
Rinko: If you say so...
Rinko: Why don't you at least sit down and catch your breath... We can start once your breathing is back to normal...
(Black cut)
Arisa: Uh~, the first years go here, and the second years go here... I'm done with my batch, Rinko-senpai.
Rinko: Thank you very much... Why don't we take a short break then?
Rinko: Fufu... We should finish ahead of schedule... because of your hard work. Thank you...
Arisa: I-I haven't done that much...
Arisa: And... I'm very sorry about today. For almost not making it on time...
Rinko: It's okay. You really don't need to apologize... But... it is rather rare... for you to almost be late...
Arisa: Well... this morning, O-Tae and Saya finished the song they've been working on.
Rinko: Song...? Oh, is it the one... Poppin'Party is writing for CHiSPA?
Arisa: Yes. The two of them asked for more time to work on it yesterday, and it wasn't until this morning that we got a message from them saying they were done.
Arisa: We were discussing how to arrange it until just now.
Rinko: I see... If it made you forget the time, it must be a very wonderful song...
Arisa: Y-you could say so. The two of them really poured their hearts into it, so we wanted to make it the best it'll be~...
Rinko: Fufu... It is quite easy to lose track of time... when you're very engrossed...
Arisa: It's still no excuse for almost being late though.
Rinko: There's no need to be so hard on yourself... I think I understand where you're coming from...
Rinko: That moment when we receive a new song from Yukina-san... always makes my heart race with anticipation...
Rinko: Because I really love the time I get to spend with the other members deciding how to arrange her songs...
Rinko: Quite often... we've ended up staying at a studio right until it closes... because time just flew by while we were thinking together.
Arisa: I never expected that to be something you go through as well.
Rinko: It's true though... I end up losing track of time... while trying to find the best possible way to express Yukina-san's songs...
Rinko: I'll think about a lot of things... Such as what must have been going through her mind when she wrote it...
Arisa: That sounds so familiar. I also think about how Rimi might want me to play or how much fun Kasumi must've had writing a certain melody.
Rinko: ... It's probably the same for every band.
Arisa: ... Bands are pretty nice, aren't they?
Rinko: We're both very fortunate to have friends... to share our most precious moments with...
Rinko: Ah...
Arisa: ...? Is everything okay?
Rinko: Um... It's a message from Yukina-san... saying our new song is ready...
Arisa: Really?!
Rinko: Yes... She spent even more time on it than usual too...
Arisa: You must be pretty excited about it then.
Rinko: Very much...
Arisa: We should get back to work and finish what's left as quickly as possible.
Rinko: Yes, let's.


<A Song I’m Proud to Give>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: All right, how about we head back now that we're done with our shopping run...? Hm? That girl looks familiar... Hey~, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}. Hello.
Marina: Hi. Off somewhere?
Arisa: Yes, I'm supposed to meet up with the rest of the band and go to a music store.
Arisa: Kasumi said she wanted some guitar strings, and we ended up deciding to all go together.
Marina: Ah, by the way, I heard Kasumi-chan struggled a bit with that home economics assignment.
Arisa: That's putting it mildly! She totally can't sew...
Arisa: But since O-Tae and Saya were tied up with the song, and Rimi was busy, I had to look after her the whole time even though I had my hands full with student council...
Arisa: At least she got it done before it was due, and things feel like they're finally back to normal.
Marina: Fufu, I guess this means you can all get plenty of band practice together for a while.
Marina: If you were all that busy though, wasn't it tough to write the song?
Arisa: Well, it was, but mainly for Saya and O-Tae... There were all sorts of things that had me worried...
Marina: Like what?
Arisa: The two of them went to have a chat with Natsuki to get some ideas for the song...
Arisa: And I was so worried O-Tae might ask weird questions or cause trouble...
Arisa: I mean, she is the kind of person who plays the guitar whenever and wherever she wants... I wasn't sure Saya would be able to keep her under control on her own...
Marina: Fufu, you must really care about them.
Arisa: C-care might be a bit of an exaggeration...!
Arisa: ... Well, at least it turns out I had nothing to worry about.
Marina: Oh?
Arisa: Yes. The song they came up with ended up being pretty mind-blowing.
Arisa: It was like they still managed to include what's important to them while also making it fresh and new...
Arisa: I felt really confident about handing over the song to CHiSPA.
Marina: Fufu, you seem awfully proud.
Arisa: N-not really, but...!
Arisa: It's just, it's a really good song. I'm sure you'll be blown away, too, if you ever give it a listen.
Marina: All right, I'll be sure to when I get the chance then!
Arisa: Ah, I should go now. I don't want to keep everyone waiting.
Marina: Right. Sorry for keeping you here. Take care.
Arisa: Bye. Good luck with work, both of you.
