1543_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Memoir Innocenti

Gacha phrase: ... Hate, huh...

<vs Arisa (Childhood)>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Look at this picture of you holding your grandma's hand. It's so cute~!
Saya: This one looks like it might be from when you placed high in a piano contest. Fufu, great smile, Arisa.
Arisa: Gah! How long are you guys gonna continue looking at my album?!
Tae: I could probably do this forever.
Arisa: Gimme a break...
Rimi: Fufu, it's so hard to get enough of these pictures. Mainly because of how cute you were, Arisa-chan.
Kasumi: I really wish I could've met you when you were this age though~. We would all so baby you!
Saya: That would make you our youngest member.
Rimi: All of us being like your big sisters... That sounds so fun.
Tae: Say, guys! What would you all want to do for baby Arisa?
Kasumi: Give her snacks and play with her~! You know, stuff like...
Arisa: Hey, I didn't sign off on where this conversation's going! Also, don't just start imagining things~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Arisa~! It's your big sister Kasumi~!
Arisa: H-huh?! I'm an only child though...
Kasumi: Don't say that~! Come on, let me give you a hug!
Arisa: Whoa, no hugging from out of nowhere!
Kasumi: Hey, hey, want some snacks? This one's my favorite~.
Arisa: No, I don't want any... Besides, if you like them so much, you eat them.
Kasumi: Really?! Can I?! Yay~! Nom-nom... Yummy~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: ... Wait a sec...! That didn't turn out how I expected?!
Rimi: You were completely in the palm of her hand, Kasumi-chan...
Saya: Mhmm. I couldn't tell who was supposed to be older.
Kasumi: What~?! Really~?!
Tae: Okay, my turn next. Watch how I take good care of Arisa. I'll make up for Kasumi.
Arisa: Er, we're still doing this...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Tae: Stare~...
Arisa: Wh-what...? Stop looking at me like that silently...
Tae: You know lop-eared rabbits? They're an especially smart and friendly kind of rabbit.
Arisa: Huh?! Why are you suddenly saying this?!
Tae: I wonder if you'd also warm up to me quickly... You look so much like one.
Arisa: You're talking about me?! Also, this is my hair, not rabbit ears!
(White cut)
Rimi: Would you like some sweets, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: I already said I don't want any...
Rimi: Oh, you must be full then... I'm sorry, I didn't realize...
Arisa: No, that's not it... Alright, I guess I can have a tiny bit...
Rimi: Really? Okay, then take this cookie here... Ah, and these chocolates are yummy too... But my recommendation is this chocolate cornet. And also-
Arisa: Wait! I can't eat all of that...!
(White cut)
Saya: Say, Arisa, how about we hold hands and walk around?
Arisa: Don't treat me like a kid. I can walk by myself, you know?
Saya: But it'd be bad if you fell... Right?
Arisa: F-fine... But you better not let go.
Saya: Don't worry. I'll hold on real tight.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: ... That didn't feel much different from the current Arisa-chan.
Saya: Yeah. She seems like the type who had it together even when she was a child.
Arisa: Stop, stop! Enough with these scenarios!
Tae: Really~? Baby Arisa doesn't want to meet us?
Arisa: Yeah, of course.
Kasumi: N-no way~...! Aww... Arisa hates us...
Arisa: No, that's not it! It's just...
Arisa: ... If I'm the only one who's little, we wouldn't be able to hang out. And no band staff either... That's why!
Rimi: Arisa-chan...!
Kasumi: A-Arisa~! I love the current you as well~!
Arisa: H-hey! What do you mean "as well"?! And I told you to stop hugging me without warning... Seriously.
Rimi: Fufu. I guess this means you also care about all of us though.
Arisa: I-I didn't go quite that far... And what are you all smiling like that for?!
Saya: Nothing... Just thinking about how this is the way things usually play out~.
Tae: Baby Arisa's cute and all, but our Arisa has to be like this.
Arisa: Wha...?! For real, stop staring at me so tenderly, alright~?!


<Kindness Realized>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Arisa: Hello, Marina-san and {{userName}}. Umm... Do you have some time right now?
Marina: Hey, Arisa-chan. Sure. What's up?
Arisa: You know that upcoming live show event happening at CiRCLE? I was wondering... if it's possible to prepare an area for sitting.
Marina: We can do that, but can I ask why?
Arisa: Actually, I'm hoping my grandma can come and watch the show, but having her stand the whole time might be a bit much for her physically.
Marina: So that's why you want us to arrange a place to sit. No problem, we'll have a chair ready on the day of the show.
Arisa: Thank you. I feel more comfortable about inviting her now.
Marina: I'm sure she'll be overjoyed to see you girls perform and also about you inviting her.
Arisa: Yeah, well... Um, my grandma said she wanted to see us all having a good time...
Arisa: So I figured having her come watch us perform would be the best way to do that.
Marina: Fufu, that's true! You really care about your grandma, don't you, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: N-no, no...! It's not like I'm doing anything special at all...!
Marina: No way, you are. You and your grandma seem so close.
Arisa: ... Well, I guess you could say that. We still had a fight when I was little though.
Marina: Really?! That's hard to imagine... Can I ask what it was about?
Arisa: To be honest, I couldn't remember at first. But the rest of the band noticed it was bothering me, so they helped out...
Arisa: In the end, it was more of a misunderstanding than a fight. The cause was me not realizing she was looking out for me.
Marina: I see. I get that. Sometimes the closer you are to someone, the harder it is to see when they do something for you.
Arisa: That's exactly it. What happened recently made me realize once again all the different ways my grandma's been kind to me.
Arisa: It also showed me, though, that I haven't given her anything back in return for everything she's done for me...
Arisa: That's why what I'm doing isn't anything special at all.
Marina: I wouldn't be so sure. I don't think it's true that you haven't returned her kindness.
Arisa: Really...?
Marina: Yup. You inviting her to your show and checking to see if she can get a seat so that she can rest seems like kindness to me... don't you think?
Marina: If you ask me, you're absolutely returning the kindness she's shown you.
Arisa: ... I hope so, but I wonder if the show will make her happy.
Marina: I'm sure it will. Try seeing for yourself while you're performing!
