1633_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Sh-shut it, will you?! I don't need you guys making fun of me all the time!

<The Best Day Ever>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Saya: You've sure been popular since this morning, Arisa.
Tae: Classmates, student council... You've literally been getting flooded with presents.
Kasumi: I'm so glad I gave you mine before heading to school~! I wanted to make sure I was the first one to give you a present!
Arisa: Try considering the time of the day, will you...? Not that I didn't appreciate it.
Rimi: Fufu. With this many presents, though, won't it be difficult to take them home?
Kasumi: Don't worry, Arisa! We'll help you!
Tae: We do happen to have a birthday party in the basement planned after school today anyway.
Arisa: Thanks. Like, seriously.
Arisa: I'm already kinda dreading what's going to happen in the basement though... Sigh. I wonder if I'll have space to write everything down in my one line a day journal...
Saya: Huh~, you keep a line a day journal?
Arisa: Hm? Well, yeah.
Arisa: A little while back, my grandma got it for me and said it'll make a nice collection of memories, so I started writing.
Rimi: It's a journal that's literally for jotting down one-liners, isn't it? Stuff like "I went to the beach with friends."
Kasumi: Oh~, that sounds fun! What have you been writing, Arisa?
Arisa: Huh?! Nothing special, really. I barely have anything to write on most days...
Arisa: It's usually just something like, "It's cold today" or "Practice went better than expected."
Tae: What about yesterday then?
Arisa: You want to know about yesterday?
Arisa: Uh... "I slept a lot."
Saya: Fufu. Seriously? That's kind of cute.
Arisa: Sh-shut it, will you?! I don't need you making fun of me all the time!
Kasumi: Tell me what you end up writing today, okay, Arisa?
Arisa: Like hell I will~!


<A Pleasant Time>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake)

[Ichigaya Residence]

Ran: Happy birthday, Arisa.
Arisa: Thanks... Wait, what?! You came all the way here just to say that?!
Ran: No. You're going to show me that bonsai you pruned recently, remember?
Arisa: R-right~... Ahaha... Phew~, I freaked out there~.
Arisa: I was just now checking on it. I'm pretty happy with how it turned out, but what do you think...?
Ran: Yeah, looks good.
Ran: It feels alive, like it's being taken good care of.
Arisa: Seriously? Phew~, great.
Arisa: I'm so happy to hear that from you, Ran-chan. It's hard to tell stuff like that on my own.
Ran: Happy, huh...? Sounds like you have the perfect subject for your one-line journal.
Arisa: Oh~, yeah, you might be right... Wait a sec. How do you know about my journal?
Ran: From Kasumi and everyone. They talked about it pretty excitedly.
Arisa: Grr, those guys~...
Ran: Fufu... I think it's kind of nice though.
Arisa: What's nice about having the whole world know?!
Ran: I meant the journal.
Ran: I come up with lyrics using what I've scribbled off to the side in my notebooks.
Ran: ... Who knows, maybe your band will come up with a song someday with lyrics written by you.
Arisa: That's never going to happen... probably.
Ran: Well, when I do scribble, I do it for the sake of it, not for some song. Going over them down the line can be pretty fun too.
Arisa: Ah, I kind of get what you mean.
Arisa: Most of what I write ends up seeming pretty stupid, but there's just something about all that stupid stuff that also brings a smile to my face.
Ran: Yeah, some of the little things that you realize are what made you happy can be pretty silly.
Arisa: I know what you mean. It makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside as well~.
Ran: For sure.
Ran: ... Don't tell Moca and the rest of the gang I said this.
Arisa: I won't. Just don't tell Kasumi and the others, either, alright...?
Ran: Hm~... I suppose I can give you what more or less counts as an affirmative.
Arisa: That reply doesn't exactly inspire a lot of confidence...
Ran: Fufu.
Ran: Hey, is it alright if I take a look at the bonsai over there?
Arisa: Sure. Just so you know, though, I'm still in the process of figuring out what to do with it.
Arisa: I feel like there's a better way to express its unique characteristics, but nothing's really clicking. I actually wanted to talk to you about that, too, and...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
