1675_Arisa Ichigaya_R3 Supportive Words

<Weaving Together Newborn Words>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Take this part... and do this... then all I have to do is add this phrase here...!
Arisa: Shouldn't you take a break, Kasumi?
Tae: Yeah, I think so too. You really should.
Kasumi: Nuh-uh, I'm fine...!
Arisa: But you've been writing away ever since Rimi went to cram school...
Tae: If you work too hard, aliens from Planet Overwork will show up.
Arisa: Uh, what...? I can't even tell if that's supposed to be scary or not.
Arisa: ... Here, Kasumi. At least drink some tea.
Kasumi: Thanks...! Gulp... Gulp...
Kasumi: Ahh~! This tea's really good~!
Tae: I want some too! Gulp... Gulp...! You're right. This is good tea!
Arisa: O-Tae, you already had some earlier...
Kasumi: Oh! Maybe it tastes so good because it was made by you, Arisa!
Arisa: You're making no sense.
Kasumi: What I mean is, the encouraging thoughts you were thinking are what made this tea so tasty!
Arisa: I didn't have thoughts like that while making the tea, that's for sure.
Tae: Because all your feelings went into these lyrics over here, right?
Arisa: Huh?!
Kasumi: Oh yeah! I mean, it was your idea to write a song to show Saya how we feel!
Arisa: That's only 'cause... you know, she's always so helpful, and I just want to do what I can for her, even if it may not accomplish much...
Arisa: And even if it doesn't help at all, I still want her to know how we feel.
Arisa: I dunno if that made much sense... but that's basically it.
Kasumi & Tae: Arisa...!
Arisa: Alright, break's over! Anyway, for the lyrics here, wouldn't doing it this way do a better job of getting things across?
Tae: Oh, you're right. It does feel like it gives more energy this way.
Kasumi: Yeah, Arisa! With this change, I'm sure your feelings will reach Saya!
Arisa: C-cool...
Tae: I'm going to put my feelings into this song too. I want Saya to know how soothing it is to pet Oddie, and how yummy I think her bread always is. Hi-yah...!
Arisa: What makes you think sending your energy into a piece of paper will do any good?!
Kasumi: I don't see the harm though! Anyway, in that case, I'll put these together~... Hey, which one works better for this line, you think?
Tae: Hmm. Both of them mean at your side.
Arisa: Then wouldn't this one work better? It's less likely to put pressure on Saya, so she'll be able to take the first step forward on her own, you know...?
Kasumi & Tae: Oh~!
Tae: Wow, Arisa, you're thinking of Saya so much.
Kasumi: You really are amazing~! Regardless of what you say, you care about us a whole lot, don't you?
Arisa: Argh~! Just shut up and hurry and finish the thing, will you?
Arisa: Saya might be at home still racking her brains out! We need to finish the lyrics as fast as possible and message them to her... Hm?
Arisa: It's Rimi. Wonder if she forgot something.
Arisa: What's u- Seriously?! Saya's what...?! Alright... Got it.
Tae: What's wrong, Arisa?
Arisa: ... Saya's at the park. She hasn't gone home yet...
Kasumi: Arisa, O-Tae, let's go to her right now!
Arisa: S-sure... Wait, what about the lyrics?!
Kasumi: Let's bring what we have!
Arisa: For real?!
Tae: We have to go now.
Arisa: H-hold up! You serious? All we've got is a half-baked jumble of words.
Kasumi: It's more important to go to her now! I want to let her know how we feel!
Arisa: ...! Alright. Let's go to where Saya is then!


<The Weight of...>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Ah, {{userName}}. Hey~.
Arisa: Hm? These? I was just on a shopping run to grab snacks for the basement.
Arisa: We blew through the old stash when we did some celebrating for Saya the other day.
Arisa: Those guys pigged out way too much~... Although I had my fair share too.
Arisa: What? Oh, no, no. It wasn't her birthday or anything.
Arisa: We were just celebrating because Saya managed to submit her future plans sheet.
Arisa: Our school had parent-teacher-student conferences the other day. You know, because it's that time of the year.
Arisa: And, well, Saya really struggled with hers.
Arisa: She's the kind of person who tends to prioritize the needs of other people before herself... so having to take that into consideration complicated things.
Arisa: We wanted to help, but we couldn't come up with good ideas...
Arisa: Since family stuff was part of the equation, it wouldn't have been right for outsiders like us to tell her what to do, you know?
Arisa: But we still wanted to help if we could, so we thought a whole lot.
Arisa: We eventually settled on coming up with lyrics to give to her.
Arisa: We just wrote down all our feelings and everything we wanted to tell her on a piece of paper.
Arisa: We wanted her to remember all the things we'd done together.
Arisa: Of course, you can't get lyrics just by throwing a bunch of words together, so we had Kasumi turn them into something that makes sense.
Arisa: Going about it that way... just felt the most right for us.
Arisa: No, we ended up giving Saya the incomplete version.
Arisa: It really was a total work in progress. There were blanks and rewritten words everywhere.
Arisa: But Kasumi insisted on showing what we had to Saya.
Arisa: Despite all that... I'd say we managed to show Saya how we felt.
Arisa: Looking back now, I'd actually say what Saya needed most at the time was to realize it's okay to tell someone how you feel, even when things are incomplete.
Arisa: She looked a lot better after the parent-teacher-student conference.
Arisa: Our help might not have amounted to much, but if it helped even a tiny bit, then I'm glad...
Arisa: What? No, we didn't really do anything. Saya was the one who ultimately figured out what she wanted to do after graduating.
Arisa: You know, when I saw the smile on her face... it's kinda hard to describe, but I was really impressed.
Arisa: We both decided to continue our education, but the weight behind her decision is on a whole other level.
Arisa: I feel like I have to do my best from now on, just like Saya.
Arisa: ... Uh-oh! Just noticed the time! I remembered there's some shopping my grandma asked me to do.
Arisa: See you around at CiRCLE!
