1685_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Offstage Vow

Gacha phrase: I like the way Hanasakigawa's student council is now.

<February, Student Council Room>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: And then, I'll add the Principal's Ceremonial Address... Okay, I guess the draft of the school booklet is done now.
Arisa: Next, I'll have this checked by... Oh right, Rinko-senpai isn't here... I'll have a teacher look over it later, then.
Arisa: I'll just save this draft and then make the list of honor students...
Rinko: Ah... Ichigaya-san, hi...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai...?! You're at school today?
Rinko: Yes... I don't have any classes... but there are things I need to take care of before leaving student council... I thought I'd work on it in my spare time...
Rinko: If you don't mind... could I work here with you...?
Arisa: Of course you can! If there's something I can do to help, feel free to ask me anytime.
Rinko: Thank you... Well, I'll use... that PC over there...
Rinko: What were you working on...?
Arisa: I'm preparing for the graduation ceremony. Deciding what we should give as a memento, drafting the special graduation issue of the school booklet...
Arisa: Ah, and I'm also thinking of a good event to hold on the day of the ceremony. Please look forward to it.
Rinko: Fufu... That sounds like fun...
Arisa: ... Well, I kind of have mixed feelings when I think about how the seniors will have graduated once the ceremony is over...
Arisa: I haven't been able to work with you like this as much since you don't have to be at school anymore.
Arisa: I was thinking this must be what student council is like when you aren't around~.
Rinko: Yes, that's certainly true... Saying farewell to all the student council members... is going to be very sad.
Rinko: But... I'm not worried. Because if you're here, then I am sure the student council will be fine.
Arisa: Uhhh... About that...
Rinko: ...? Ichigaya-san...?
Arisa: Um... I'm actually not sure if I'm going to do student council again when the next school year begins...
Arisa: Once my term is up, I was thinking I might quit.
Rinko: Oh, really...?
Arisa: Well, I haven't decided for sure that I'll do that yet! And it's not like I absolutely don't want to continue either.
Arisa: But after you graduate, student council might not be the same as it is now...
Rinko: Ichigaya-san...
Arisa: A-and the reason I joined in the first place was selfish. I was just hoping it would boost my academic ranking!
Arisa: Of course... that's not the only reason I'm in student council now... Not anymore, anyway...
Rinko: ...
Rinko: I'm also happy I could be in student council... with you... If I had been by myself...
Rinko: If you hadn't been by my side supporting me... then I would've gotten scared many times... and not stepped forward...
Rinko: You are thoughtful and kind... so I think... you probably worried a lot...
Rinko: So saying that... if you choose to not be a part of student council anymore... I will not try to change your mind...
Arisa: Rinko-senpai...
Rinko: But you still have a little more time... to decide what you would like to do.
Rinko: It's impossible to know how... your feelings may change with time...
Arisa: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[After The Good Luck, Seniors! Special Concert]

Misaki: I guess we'll be all done once we give these to the teacher.
Arisa: Yep. Thank you for helping with the concert for the graduating seniors all the way to the end.
Misaki: You're welcome. I'm going to be running for student council too, so this was like a little preview of things to come.
Misaki: When we decided to hold a show, I didn't have the faintest idea things would turn out like this... but you never know how things will go in life~.
Arisa: Haha, you might be right about that. I wasn't even sure if I was going to stay in student council.
Arisa: It really is... just like Rinko-senpai said.
Misaki: Hrm? What is it?
Arisa: Oh, it's nothing. Let's get these to the staff room and then go home.
Misaki: Okay. How about we stop somewhere for some tea on the way too?


<You Don’t Mind, Do You...?>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Park]

Marina: Hi, Arisa-chan. It's a nice day today, isn't it~?
Arisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}, hi.
Marina: Were you looking at something on your phone? Did we interrupt you?
Arisa: No, it's okay. I was watching footage from the concert we had the other day.
Marina: Oh. Is it a show you played at a different live house?
Arisa: Umm, no, it was a concert we held with the help of our school's first and second-year students.
Marina: Wow~. So it was like a farewell concert?
Arisa: Well, something like that. Kasumi and Tsurumaki-san said they wanted to do something for the seniors who are graduating...
Arisa: At first, I was worried about how to hold the concert, but then, things just kind of took shape.
Arisa: I was relieved to hear that the seniors really liked it.
Marina: I see. So, what kind of concert was it actually?
Arisa: We decided to livestream the show so even the seniors who weren't coming to school could see it.
Arisa: And then Okusawa-san said we should archive it too. That way, seniors busy with exams could watch it whenever they wanted to.
Marina: Ah, good point! That was a great idea. If the concert is saved somewhere, even people who saw it on the day it was held can watch it again later.
Marina: But why were you and Misaki-chan organizing it?
Arisa: It all started with something Kasumi and Tsurumaki-san said, and then it naturally fell on us two...
Arisa: Those two really put us in a tough spot. They just said things, but we were the ones who had to put it together.
Marina: Fufu.
Arisa: It's nothing to laugh at.
Marina: I'm sorry. It's just that, you try to sound annoyed, but you and Misaki-chan don't mind it when things like that happen, do you?
Marina: Be honest with me.
Arisa: Ugh... W-well, I wanted to cheer up the seniors too, so I'm glad they were happy with how things turned out.
Marina: Fufu, it's exactly because you're that way that everyone loves you so much.
Arisa: Huh? L-love? What do you mean...?!
Marina: Well, you made it through a year of student council, right? I'm sure that was because everyone loves you and wants to work together with you.
Arisa: Well, um... I don't know about that...
Marina: By the way, are you going to stick with student council for another year?
Arisa: Ah, well, the thing is-
Arisa: Ahh~, Okusawa-san sent me a message! I have to go!
Marina: Ah, o-okay...
Arisa: See you!
