1725_Arisa Ichigaya_R5 Staring

Gacha phrase: Poppin'Party will always be Poppin'Party!

<Poppin'Party Meeting>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Kasumi: I'm back~! I finished posting the flyers~!
Rimi: Welcome back. Were you okay? I know there were a lot.
Kasumi: Mm-hmm! It didn't take long at all since it was me and Arisa! How are things over here?
Saya: We finished proofreading, so all that's left is printing everything out.
Tae: You can call us pamphlet-meisters.
Arisa: Huh? Meisters...? Well, I really do appreciate the help. Should make it in time for the student assembly now.
Kasumi: I'm really looking forward to it~! Hey, hey, what's happening at this year's assembly anyway?
Arisa: Hm? Pretty much the usual. You know, awards for club activities, committee activity reports... Oh, also the discussion about ways to make the school better.
Kasumi: Make the school better...? What was that again?
Arisa: It's that thing every year where the student council shares ideas for improving the school and tries to get the ones with enough student support implemented.
Rimi: Last year, it was new lockers for the clubs. Eve-chan and everyone were really happy.
Arisa: The student council will be reviewing the results of the surveys being sent out again this year. Common issues or suggestions will be brought up at the assembly.
Kasumi: Hey, hey, is it okay to raise our hands on the day of the assembly and suggest any ideas we might have?
Arisa: Well, I don't see why not. The point of the assembly is to discuss ways to make school life better, after all.
Kasumi: Nice~! Let's all think of ways to make Hanasakigawa an even better place then!
Tae: I've got one! I want us high schoolers to have our very own rabbit hutch too!
Arisa: That's completely what you want~! It should be something that benefits more of the student body...
Tae: But it does. Having rabbits will make school more fun.
Arisa: For a very select population maybe...
Rimi: Then what do you think about having the school store sell more snacks?
Kasumi: I like that one a lot! Having more variety, like doughnuts, parfaits, and soft serves, would be fun!
Arisa: Hmm~, I dunno if the faculty would sign off on that one~...
Saya: It would be nice if it happened, but it's probably a bit difficult to make it a reality~...
Tae: What about you, Saya? Any ideas?
Saya: Me? Hmm~, not really. I'm pretty happy with how Hanasakigawa is right now...
Saya: ... Oh, wait. I wouldn't mind having more drinking fountains...
Saya: The lines get pretty long during summer and after gym, right? Having a few more could make life easier for everyone.
Arisa: Oh~, that might be a good one.
Kasumi: Nice idea, Saya! I was actually thinking the same thing!
Arisa: Really now~?
Kasumi: Hey~, it's true! And I still have another super amazing idea!
Arisa: Huh, let's hear it then.
Kasumi: Fu, fu, fu... I think the school should set up a live house! The Hanasakigawa Live House! What do you think?
Arisa: Nah, not happening in a million years.
Kasumi: Aw~, how come~?!
Kasumi: If we could have shows during lunch or after school, anybody would be able to come by easily, and I bet it'll lead to more people wanting to be in a band!
Tae: Yeah! We could invite Hagumi, and Eve, and everyone and even do a show together!
Arisa: And how exactly are we going to build a live house capable of that when there's no space at school for a live house to begin with?
Kasumi: I'm sure there is somewhere!
Rimi: What about behind the gym?
Arisa: Don't think so. It's a bit too cramped for concerts... Besides, the place is covered in weeds and dead leaves 'cause people hardly ever go there.
Kasumi: Fine then~, what about your idea, Arisa?!
Arisa: Mine? Hmm~, well...
Arisa: ... Oh.
Kasumi: What is it?!
Arisa: I'm thinking cleaning up the school...
Arisa: There are quite a few places, like the back of the gym we just mentioned, that people don't frequent, right?
Arisa: I was thinking we could all split up and clean up places like that every six months or so...
Kasumi & Tae & Saya & Rimi: Ooh~...!
Kasumi: That's such a... proper suggestion...!
Saya: Yeah, feels like something a student council vice president would say, alright.
Arisa: I wasn't going for that.
Arisa: It's like when I first enrolled, I didn't really care about the school.
Arisa: But... once I started attending properly, it well... kinda grew on me quite a bit.
Arisa: So I wanna make the place clean and stuff...
Rimi: I know what you mean. We owe so much to the school. It would be nice to show how grateful we are while cleaning it.
Tae: Going all over campus and cleaning together could be kind of fun. It'd be like exploring.
Arisa: Yeah. I'm also kinda thinking it'd be nice if cleaning gave people the opportunity to like the school even more~...
Kasumi: You sure have changed, Arisa...!
Saya: Hard to believe this is the same Arisa who skipped out on the speech as our new student representative way back when...
Arisa: Argh~, could you drop that one, already?! Come on, let's get to the next job!
Kasumi: Hey, hey, why don't we go out back behind the gym to clean up the place? Talking about it all made me want to do something about it~!
Rimi: Yes! Let's go and clean.
Saya: Sure, let's do that!
Tae: It'll be a school clean-up party!
Arisa: ... Oh, fine~.
Kasumi: Come on, Arisa! Let's finish up work and go behind the gym!
Arisa: Calm down! I know, okay?!


<Why I Said What I Did>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}. Hello.
Marina: Hi, Arisa-chan. Heading somewhere?
Arisa: Yes. We're having a party at Kasumi's place to celebrate our first concert at RiNG.
Marina: Nice~. By the way, that was a really great concert too!
Arisa: It was? Thank you very much. We've wanted to perform at RiNG for a while, so we were pretty picky about the acoustics and lighting.
Marina: Your flyers were really fancy and cute too. You all must've worked really hard to prepare for the show.
Arisa: Well, not me really... I couldn't help much because I was so busy with the student council.
Marina: Oh?
Arisa: I had to prepare for a student assembly. We even had to rehearse at an earlier date, and I ended up going straight to RiNG as soon as the assembly was over...
Marina: Now that you mention it, that promotion to student council vice president likely means you'll be even busier than before, huh?
Arisa: Yes... But thanks to the help from my band, at least I got to help prepare for the concert a bit... so that was good at least...
Marina: Fufu, I'm sure they were dying to help because you're such a hard worker.
Arisa: Er, being called a hard worker is a bit embarrassing...
Marina: Well... I guess you girls are third-years now, so... With the growing pile of things you want to do and have to do, it's no surprise all of you have become busy.
Arisa: So true... We're still going to stay active as a band though. All five of us together, of course.
Marina: Nice. After getting to see the new Poppin'Party at your latest show, I'm even more excited to see what you girls will be up to in the future!
Arisa: New Poppin'Party...
Marina: The set list was unique and interesting, and most of all, your sounds harmonized really well. It felt like you had evolved as a band even more.
Arisa: True... Since we couldn't get as much time to practice compared to usual, we were even more determined to make it a good show.
Marina: All that time where you couldn't see each other could've made each of you try to come together harder, and that showed up in your sound.
Arisa: Maybe...
Marina: Oh, and that emceeing you did at the end was really nice too! Especially the "Poppin'Party will always be Poppin'Party!" line!
Marina: It really showed just how much you care about the band, and just listening to you say it made me so happy. I'm sure Kasumi-chan and everyone else felt the same way.
Arisa: Well... I hope so.
Arisa: ... We'll keep pumping out shows, so I hope you can keep coming to them.
Marina: Gladly! We'll always be wishing you the best!
Arisa: Thank you! Anyway, I should go now.
Marina: Alright, take care and have fun!
