1751_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Where the Thread Leads

Gacha phrase: Don't go expecting any miracles, okay?

<Where the Friendships Have Led>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: ... Alright, I guess I can rest for a minute now this is done. How's that coming?
Misaki: I just finished what I was doing too. Organizing the paperwork for the council's expenses might be more work than I imagined.
Arisa: Ahaha... It was like that for me when I first started too. Why don't we take a break?
Misaki: Yes, please~.
Misaki: Have you done anything fun lately?
Arisa: Huh? Anything fun...? Well~, now that you mention it, PAREO invited me to an, um, escape room the other day, so I went to that.
Misaki: You played one of those? Wow~, I didn't figure you the type.
Arisa: Yeah, me neither. It was the kind of event I'd never think to go to on my own.
Arisa: I thought we'd just be solving problems, but we actually had to move a lot too. We were hiding behind things and sprinting around...
Misaki: What? That... sounds like a special one.
Arisa: Really?
Misaki: Well, I'm not an expert on escape room games, but I feel like it's unusual to have to do a lot of physical stuff when you play them.
Arisa: Huh~... Maybe it's because Hina-san produced it.
Arisa: Strange space creatures popped out of nowhere, and the whole place felt really mysterious...
Misaki: Ahaha, I see. That doesn't seem too far-fetched if Hina-san's behind it.
Arisa: Ah, I got a message...
Arisa: ... Fufu, I still can't get over how enthusiastic this girl is~.
Misaki: What made you smile?
Arisa: Oh... I'm still talking to the people I went to the escape room with in a group chat.
Misaki: That's nice. Who were... the other people?
Arisa: Rinko-senpai and Nanami-chan. The one who just messaged me was PAREO.
Arisa: On the way home from the game, we talked about the new TV show Shirasagi-senpai's in. PAREO said we just had to see it, so we did. Now, all of us are hooked...
Arisa: Ever since then, PAREO's been sending us little fun facts about it and reminding us it's on when it's the day of the show.
Misaki: I see~. What kind of "fun facts" is she sharing?
Arisa: So, she wrote... "Hi, today is the day you have all been waiting for! The fifth episode of Chisato-san's show will be airing today~!"
Arisa: Our heroine, played by Chisato-san, has finally realized the hero's secret...! Will the hero really reveal the truth to her or stay quiet?
Arisa: I can barely contain my excitement! And I am thrilled to see what kind of outfit and hairstyle Chisato-san will have this time! Her cuteness leaves me breathless!
Arisa: I hope you all will watch tonight's episode! Of course, I am recording the whole season, so if you somehow happen to miss an episode, please let me know~!
Arisa: I'm always surprised by how happy her messages are. Hahaha... But I'm not sure what I should write back~.
Misaki: Haha, they really are something. But you don't seem to mind getting messages from her.
Arisa: Huh? Well... I, um... I guess I don't mind it, but, um...
Misaki: Fufu, well? How are you going to respond to such a happy, heartfelt message?
Arisa: Huh...? "Thanks. I'll check it out."
Misaki: ... That's it?
Arisa: I-is that weird?!
Misaki: No, but... You've been watching the show, right? How about writing what you think about it?
Arisa: What I think, huh~...? But she won't want to read my message if it's too long, you know...?
Misaki: I don't think so. I bet she'd be really happy to read it~.
Arisa: Oh... I guess I should write how I'm feeling about the show, then. Wait, but if I say something she doesn't like, wouldn't that make things weird...?
Misaki: C'mon, you're worrying over nothing. Just send something without thinking about it too much.
Arisa: O-okay... In that case... Umm...
Arisa: Thank you very much for the message... No, that sounds kind of formal... "I'm super excited to see the show too~!" ... Wait, does that sound fake...?
Misaki: I think you should write more like you normally do. No need to be so polite. Just write a message like you were writing to Poppin'Party.
Arisa: R-right...! ... Okay, how's this...?
Arisa: Thanks for the info about the show. I'll watch it with my grandma. The last episode came so close to revealing the mystery. It had me on the edge of my seat.
Arisa: Shirasagi-senpai's incredible acting is mesmerizing. I think I get why you support her so much now. Let me know if you hear anything else about the show.
Misaki: ...
Arisa: Wh-what do you think...? Is it still weird...?
Misaki: No, not at all. It's actually really good.
Arisa: You mean that?! Thank goodness~! Okay, I'll send this to PAREO right now.
Misaki: ... Fufu. You know, you can be surprisingly cute at times.
Arisa: ... Excuse me! What did you say...?! Don't be silly. Let's get back to work! Break time is over!


<Taking Initiative>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Shopping Mall - Bookstore]

Marina: Let's buy some new magazines for the lobby! Hrm? Is that...
Arisa: Hmm~... Are the ones for beginners over here? Or are they over...
Marina: Arisa-chan, Hi. It seems like you're trying hard to find something on this shelf... What are you looking for?
Arisa: Oh! Marina-san! {{userName}}-san... I'm looking for books about escape room games.
Marina: Escape room games?
Arisa: Yes. A few days ago, I went to an escape room event that PAREO invited me to.
Marina: Ah, PAREO-chan told me about that. It's really incredible that you all were the first to finish the game!
Arisa: Haha, it really was. I never thought that we'd be able to escape before everyone else, so it was surprising.
Arisa: It felt like we pulled off a miracle thanks to everyone working together and, more than anything, PAREO's determination to be the first to complete the game...
Marina: I see~. You guys worked really hard!
Arisa: I guess~, but I couldn't solve a single problem. I was invited to the game, but I was even less help than I thought I'd be...
Arisa: That's why I'm thinking of learning more about these games so I can be a little more useful to our team next time.
Marina: That sounds good. You're really great at learning new things. Are there already plans for the next game?
Arisa: Ah! No, um... We haven't really talked about that yet. I just wanted to be prepared, I guess.
Arisa: We're all still talking to each other in the group chat we made then, and escape room games get brought up a lot... so I was thinking we might decide to go to another one...
Marina: Fufufu. You all must've had a really nice time escaping together.
Arisa: Huh?! W-well, it was fun, I guess...
Arisa: ... I mean... it was.
Arisa: Since the four of us don't usually get together, I got to see a side of them I didn't know until then...
Marina: It can be nice to spend time with the girls you don't usually hang out with.
Arisa: Yes, it can. And because of that, on the way home, we talked a lot about things other than our bands too...
Arisa: Like what we thought about the game and what we wish we'd done differently... We talked about so many things...
Arisa: I, um... was happy I went...
Marina: I see. Well, how about you invite the others to the next game?
Arisa: What?! There's no way I could do that...! But, well... I guess you're right. I'll think on it.
Marina: Great. I can't wait to hear about all the fun you get into.
