1844_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Unstoppable Force!

Gacha phrase: Hey, don't just end the conversation~!

<Gas and Breaks>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Arisa: Umm~, these are the things we'll report in the next joint student council meeting... Am I right, Okusawa-san?
Misaki: Yeah, that's it. We already talked about the Culture Festival in the previous joint meeting, after all...
Arisa: Okay. Now I just have to put them all together...
Misaki: By the way, I wonder what happened to the missing painting at Haneoka.
Arisa: The one that used to be at the entrance, right? Speaking of which, I haven't heard about how it went after that.
Misaki: Since we didn't get any news since then, it must be solved now. Probably.
Arisa: ... Let's ask them in our next meeting.
Arisa: Who knows, something similar might happen at Hanasakigawa.
Misaki: ... Do we have a painting at the entrance?
Arisa: ... Nope. I just thought it'd be good to know in case something happens.
Misaki: That's a good point. We get to listen to stories from different schools, after all.
Misaki: ... Hazawa-san and Rokka really gave it their all, huh?
Arisa: Yeah. But... I still feel like I was the one who destroyed their brakes...
Misaki: It's fine. They didn't have brakes in the first place.
Arisa: I seriously didn't think they'd actually ask the entire school after I said it as a joke.
Misaki: The moment you said that, their eyes were sparkling, right? Like it was the best idea they've ever heard.
Arisa: Even though I said it was a joke, they didn't hear me at all. But...
Arisa: Seeing those two made me think there had to be something more I could do.
Arisa: Well, I don't get as fired up as they do, though. But just watching their way of thinking and how hard they work as student council members made me feel...
Misaki: I kind of get what you're trying to say.
Misaki: They have so much energy and determination that it makes you want to do your best too, right?
Misaki: Then that energy pulls you forward. Before you know it, your brakes are off.
Arisa: Yeah! That's exactly it. For me, it's usually Kasumi who gets motivated to do things, but we all get roped into it without realizing.
Misaki: That's what happens with Kokoro too. You think it's gonna be the same as always, but in the end you get invested in it too.
Arisa: Yeah. It's like they're poisoning you.
Misaki: Ahaha... I can't be like Kokoro, and there's no point in doing so either. Not doing things my way would get tiring.
Arisa: Yeah. Even though Kasumi drags me around a lot, I can't be like her.
Misaki: We're more suited to being the ones who help those two achieve what they wanna do.
Arisa: Exactly. We're their brakes. If we're not there to stop them, they'll just keep going forever.
Misaki: Ahaha. I can see that...
Misaki: Speaking of which, Rokka and Hazawa-san think like Hina-senpai. Or rather, they're on the same wavelength. The way they follow their hearts and rush forward.
Arisa: Yeah. I guess that's what Haneoka students are like.
Misaki: As for us, Rinko-senpai taught us something important, didn't she?
Arisa: ... About taking small steps forward.
Misaki: Mhm. She taught us that if we take small steps forward, it'll eventually turn into an incredible miracle.
Misaki: You're realizing that the most out of anyone, right?
Arisa: ...
Misaki: Haneoka is Haneoka. Hanasakigawa is Hanasakigawa. We can just go on the path that's right for our school and for ourselves.
Misaki: Of course, it's good to learn from others where we can. It's the joint student council meeting, after all.
Misaki: ... Wait, was I being too serious?
Arisa: No, you weren't. What you said was true...
Misaki: Well, that was just my opinion. If you wanna destroy our brakes, then I wouldn't mind it, you know...?
Arisa: No, I'll pass. If our brakes get destroyed, Hansakigawa will be in big trouble.
Misaki: Yeah. We wanna cherish the small steps forward that Rinko-senpai took.
Arisa: Mhm. So we'll do it our way and treasure the small steps.
Arisa: And then someday, it'd be nice if we could relay the things Rinko-senpai gave us to the next generation.
Misaki: Yeah... And to do that, should we sort through the paperwork in front of us?
Arisa: Yeah. Alright, just a little bit more~!


<Another Small Step Forward>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: There were so many to choose from... This should be good enough for my first one.
Marina: I knew it was you, Arisa-chan! Hello.
Arisa: Marina-san, {{userName}}! Hello.
Marina: Are you out shopping?
Arisa: Oh, I just got back from the bookstore, actually.
Marina: I see. Did you get a reference book?
Arisa: No, it's this...
Marina: “So Simple, Even for Highschoolers! The Basics of Creating an Organization. A Beginner’s Guide Explained through Comics and Diagrams.”
Marina: ...
Marina: Arisa-chan, you can tell me if you're going through something, okay? Is it about your band? School? Oh, I'll keep it a secret, so don't worry!
Arisa: N-no! I'm not troubled by anything! I just... thought it'd be useful for the student council.
Marina: Huh? The student council...?
Arisa: You see... Recently, the painting that hung at the entrance in Haneoka went missing.
Marina: Oh, I think I heard about that. It got solved thanks to Tsugumi-chan and Rokka-chan's efforts.
Arisa: Apparently, they asked all the students about it. They just have so much energy, you know...
Arisa: But seeing those two made me want to do something too.
Marina: Wow~, that's great!
Arisa: Well, I can't really do what they do, so I figured I could learn from books like this one.
Arisa: Okusawa-san advised me to do my best in my own way, and I don't mind learning from books.
Marina: I see~. Mhm. You're amazing, Arisa-chan!
Arisa: No, I'm still preparing to learn, so I really haven't done anything yet...
Marina: That's not true! Usually, when people decide to do something, they don't know what steps to take.
Marina: But you make sure to think about what to do to achieve a goal, and you do it. That's not an easy feat, you know?
Arisa: I-it's nothing special...
Arisa: I want to work with Okusawa-san to make the student council even better. Rinko-senpai passed it down to us, after all...
Marina: I see. I'm sure the student council will be great with you and Misaki-chan. I'll be rooting for you!
Arisa: Thank you. I'll do my best!
