2094_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Arisa the Ace Assistant

Gacha phrase: Rimi, this is already take 15 for this scene.

<Just Doing My Job>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3B]

Arisa: (Okay, where's Rimi... Oh, there she is.)
Arisa: Hey, Rimi, do you have a minute?
Tae: Oh, Arisa. Yoo-hoo~.
Rimi: Arisa-chan, what’s up?
Arisa: You sent the filming schedule this morning, right? I think we should allow for a bit more time.
Rimi: S-Sorry... Was the schedule too tight?
Arisa: No, we could pull it off as-is. But you want to be particular about the shots, right?
Arisa: If so, we should assume we'll need multiple takes. We’re amateurs, and chances are slim you'll be happy with the first shot.
Rimi: That’s true... Thanks, Arisa-chan. I’ll rethink the schedule.
Arisa: Sure. Also, when do we do the location scout?
Tae: Location scout?
Rimi: It means checking out the filming spot. Like where to place the camera, and whether filming there’s actually okay.
Tae: Whoa~, sounds pretty serious.
Arisa: Yeah. I kinda thought this would be more like play-acting, but...
Rimi: Ehehe... I don’t get chances like this often, so I got really fired up.
Arisa: Well, that’s just like you, Rimi.
Tae: Yeah. Being able to give it your all is pretty cool.
Rimi: Thank you both...!
Tae: So, Rimi, what about your future?
Arisa: F-Future!? Where did that come from...?
Tae: ? Well, you love movies so much, are you aiming to be a director?
Rimi: Ehh!? N-no way, I’ve never thought about that~!
Tae: Then let’s think about it now. I mean, isn’t being both a band member and a filmmaker just the coolest?
Rimi: I do think it’s cool, but still...
Tae: Right? Plus, you could compose your own BGM.
Rimi: That’s true. Music’s really important in movies, and being able to make it yourself would be huge...
Arisa: Okay, stop right there! We were talking about the location scout, remember?
Rimi: Ah, you’re right. Sorry, Arisa-chan. Um, just a sec. Let me check my schedule on my phone...
Rimi: This day I have cram school, this day is rehearsal at your basement... Hmm... looks like I don’t have many free days...
Arisa: What if you go before cram school? The filming spot’s on your way there, right? You’d still make it to class.
Rimi: Oh, you’re right! Then let’s do the location scout before cram school.
Arisa: Good, that’s settled.
Arisa: So you’ll revise the filming schedule, and if it looks good, I’ll make the master schedule and share it with everyone...
Rimi: ...Thank you, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Huh?
Rimi: Not just the filming schedule, but you always double-check the little things too, Arisa-chan. It's been a huge help.
Arisa: Well, I’m good at that stuff. And since I know how serious you are, I want to support you however I can...
Arisa: ...Wait, hold up. Did I just say something super embarrassing?
Rimi: No, not at all.
Tae: Arisa, you’re kind.
Arisa: I-It’s not a big deal or anything! You really don’t have to thank me for something like this.
Rimi: Maybe it’s normal for you, but I’m really grateful. Thank you so much.
Tae: See? That’s nice, right Arisa?
Arisa: Ugh~~~~!
Arisa: Ah jeez!! Anyway, I’m done here, so I’m heading back to class!
Tae: Okay, see you after school.
Rimi: Ah, hey, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: What? Is there something else?
Rimi: Let’s definitely make this an amazing movie! I’ll do my very best!
Arisa: ...Fufu. I’m counting on you, Director Rimi.


<What the Expert Sees>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Hey, have you decided what you want for lunch yet? ...Hm? Is someone over there?
Arisa: ...
Marina: You're right. it’s Arisa-chan over there. Let’s go say hi.
Marina: Hello, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}. Hello. Are you out shopping?
Marina: Nope, just out for lunch. What about you, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Yeah, I came to see a movie today, but... I’m having second thoughts.
Marina: Huh? What do you mean?
Arisa: Well, I heard that the horror movie “Yotsuhakamachi”, the one Rimi watched, is still playing. Since I have some free time, I thought I might check it out...
Arisa: But honestly, I’m not that good with horror, and now I’m starting to doubt if I can sit through it alone.
Marina: I get that... It feels a bit less scary when someone’s sitting next to you.
Arisa: So I was just thinking of asking someone for help and trying again...
Marina: I see.
Marina: By the way, is part of the reason you’re thinking of watching a horror movie because of the film you shot recently?
Arisa: Well, yeah. Rimi was having so much fun talking about horror during the shoot, it made me curious about what makes it so fun.
Arisa: I’ve seen a few horror movies before, but honestly, back then I didn’t feel much besides just ‘being scared’...
Arisa: But after filming, I realized there are all sorts of techniques to create fear.
Marina: Techniques?
Arisa: Like how they time the scary reveals, how they guide your eyes, how they use sound... I never realized how much thought goes into it until Rimi explained it.
Arisa: Before, I was only focused on how scary something was. I never thought about how that fear was being created...
Arisa: But the more you learn, the more you start to notice those little techniques. It really made me appreciate it.
Marina: Yeah, I think I get it. It's kind of like playing instruments.
Marina: At first, you just think “Wow, they sound so good!” but the more you play, the more you realize “Oh, that’s how they make it sound good.”
Arisa: Exactly! Rimi sees horror movies that way too.
Arisa: Even when we’re watching the same thing, she’s seeing something completely different. It made me want to get a glimpse of her perspective...
Marina: Fufu, I bet Rimi-chan would be thrilled to hear that.
Arisa: Y-You think so? Hmm...
Arisa: —Alright. I’ve decided. I’ll go watch it after all. Then tomorrow, I’ll share my thoughts with Rimi at school.
Marina: Got it. Enjoy the movie.
Arisa: Yes. See you at CiRCLE.
