2223_Arisa Ichigaya_R4 Since Those Days

Gacha phrase: K-Kasumi, don’t just grab me like that!

<She’s Always Been That Way>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Sigh~! Today was so much fun!
Rimi: We walked all over together taking pictures, and we even finished off with a live show at the basement.
Tae: Maybe it's because it was nothing but fun all day, but it felt like it flew by in a blink.
Saya: Yeah, it really did go by fast. It's getting late, so we should probably clean up and head home.
Arisa: Nah, it’s fine. It’d be too late if we all stayed. I’ll take care of cleaning up.
Saya: Thanks, Arisa. In that case, we’ll take you up on that...
Kasumi: Awww, I don’t wanna go home yet~! I wanna stay with everyone longer!
Arisa: Whoa! Where’d that come from all of a sudden?
Rimi: Fufu, I kinda get how Kasumi-chan feels. We looked back on so many Poppin'Party memories today.
Tae: Then why don’t we all have a sleepover? Keep the memory train going?
Arisa: No way. Besides, we’ve got school tomorrow. You gonna show up in your regular clothes?
Saya: Fufu, true. I hate to say goodbye, but I guess we have to head home.
Kasumi: Yeah... you’re right. Arisa, let’s definitely meet at school tomorrow, okay?
Arisa: You don’t have to make a big deal about it—I’m going anyway.
Kasumi: See you then!
Arisa: Yeah. Take care, everyone.
Arisa: Whew... what a strange day this turned out to be...
Arisa: ...Wait, how did this all even start again?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Let’s go take a commemorative photo! All of us!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: (Ah, right. Kasumi brought up doing something to celebrate finishing the album... and then it somehow turned into a trip down memory lane...)
Arisa: (Seriously, I always get dragged into her spontaneous ideas...)
Arisa: Well... I guess it’s not so bad.
Arisa: (Thinking about it, she’s been dragging me along since the day we met.)
Arisa: (I was seriously shocked when she followed those star stickers all the way to the basement...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
 (Arisa): Hands up!
 (Kasumi): Huh? Kyaaa! Scissors?! Y-you're gonna poke someone's eye out with that thing~!
 (Arisa): What an amateur! You didn't even secure an escape route! First time committing a crime, huh?!
 (Kasumi): I-I just found some stars and-
(White cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: (But if that hadn’t happened, I never would’ve met Kasumi. And we never would’ve started Poppin'Party together.)
Arisa: (And without that, a day like today never would’ve happened either...)
Arisa: ...............
Arisa: ...Maybe I should’ve let them stay the night after all...
Kasumi: Arisa~!!
Arisa: Wahh!! Kasumi!? What the heck?!
Kasumi: Ah—found it! Sorry, I forgot my phone~!
Arisa: Wh-What were you thinking!? That’s way too important to forget!
Kasumi: Arisa...? Did something happen?
Arisa: N-No, nothing at all...!
Kasumi: Really?
Arisa: .........
Kasumi: Staaaaare~~~~...
Arisa: ~~! Sigh, I just... I dunno... I was thinking, Poppin'Party really is amazing when you stop and think about it.
Kasumi: ...?
Arisa: I mean, think about it. If you hadn’t found that star sticker by chance...
Arisa: If you hadn’t met Rimi at the live house... If you hadn’t been in remedial class with O-Tae... If Saya hadn’t decided to give band life another shot...
Arisa: If just one thing had gone differently, Poppin'Party might not even exist right now.
Kasumi: ! ...Arisa.
Kasumi: I think no matter what happened, we still would’ve become Poppin’Party!
Arisa: What are you even basing that on...?
Kasumi: I don’t know! I just know it’s true!
Arisa: Well... maybe you’re right.
Arisa: ...I mean, it’s already late. If you found your phone, hurry up and go home already.
Kasumi: Yep! See you at school, Arisa!
Arisa: Yeah. See you at school.


<Back Then and Right Now>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Arisa: Hello~, Marina-san, {{userName}}.
Marina: Hello! What brings you here today, Arisa-chan? A practice reservation?
Arisa: No, I actually came to ask if you'd put up this flyer for our upcoming live show. Here it is...
Marina: That's a really cool flyer. The best spot just happens to be open, so I’ll place it right there.
Arisa: Thank you so much!
Marina: Oh, right! Hang on a sec.
Arisa: ...?
Marina: Thanks for waiting~. I wanted to show this to all the Poppin'Party members.
Arisa: Did you mean that file you wanted to show us?
Marina: Fufufu, tada!
Arisa: Whoa!? These are... Poppin'Party photos!?
Marina: Yep! They're from the rehearsal for the very first Girls Band Party. I found them while sorting through some old files—tons of pictures we took for the record.
Marina: And I remembered you were all putting together a photo album recently, so I thought—why not offer these to you, too?
Arisa: Ah... thank you...!
Arisa: It’s kinda nostalgic... or maybe embarrassing... You can totally see how desperate I was on my face...
Marina: I think that makes it all the more charming and fresh though.
Arisa: C-Cute?! No way...! Back then I was just barely keeping up with everything, and I don't even clearly remember parts of the performance...
Marina: Fufu, I get it. Everyone’s like that when they’re starting out.
Arisa: I mean, I still don’t have everything figured out...
Arisa: But I guess, after all we’ve been through, I might’ve grown a little since those days.
Marina: Totally! You’ve definitely grown, and I’m sure you’ll keep on growing, too! Right, {{userName}}?
Arisa: Ahaha. Hearing that from you two, who've been watching us this whole time, really gives me confidence.
Marina: Fufu, I’ll keep cheering you on!
Arisa: Thank you so much. Well then, I’m going to go show this photo to everyone. I bet Kasumi’s going to be absolutely thrilled.
Marina: Ahaha, I hope so. See you later, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Yeah. Thanks again, Marina-san, {{userName}}!
