2297_Arisa Ichigaya_R5 A Golden Carpet

Gacha phrase: Fufu, still... Thank you.

<Susuki Fest Experience! Pt. 1>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Downtown]

Arisa: Okay... That should be everything Grandma asked for.
Arisa: Now to head home and take care of the bonsai...
Saya: Heeey, Arisa~
Rimi: Hello, Arisa-chan. Out shopping?
Arisa: Yeah. Grandma asked me to run some errands... What are you two doing?
Saya: The shopping district's putting on an autumn event, so we were brainstorming ideas.
Rimi: Yeah. It sounded fun, and I thought it'd be better to think it through with two people...
Arisa: Huh? You run into a problem or something?
Saya: Well... not exactly a problem, but we've been having a bit of a hard time.
Arisa: Can't come up with a good idea?
Saya: No, the opposite. We've got way too many, so we can't decide.
Arisa: Oh, I get it.
Saya: Oh, Arisa! Could you listen to the ideas we've got so far?
Rimi: Yeah, we can't decide on one with just the two of us... What do you think, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Well... I guess.
Saya: Thanks, Arisa. That really helps.
Rimi: Okay, I'll go first. How about "Michelle goes leaf viewing"?
Rimi: If everyone could go leaf viewing with Michelle, who's super popular downtown, they'd be so happy~!
Arisa: Leaf viewing, huh... It's autumn-y, which is nice, but wouldn't that be outside downtown? And we'd need to check Okusawa-san's schedule too...
Rimi: Ah, you're right...
Arisa: Still, if we could pull it off, I think it'd be really fun.
Rimi: Fufu, thanks, Arisa-chan.
Saya: Okay, my turn. What if we handed out bunny ear headbands to customers downtown?
Saya: And if they wear them while they shop, we give them some moon-viewing dango as a present! It'd feel like a little theme park.
Arisa: Perks like that are appealing. And bunny ears, huh... O-Tae would love that.
Arisa: But if we need a ton of them, time and budget might become a problem...
Saya: Ahh... yeah, that's the issue.
Arisa: If we can make it work, it'd look great, though.
Rimi: If we all wore bunny ears, it'd be totally adorable! I bet they'd look good on you too, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: I-I'm not wearing them! No way, okay?!
Saya: I see... That's too bad. I thought it'd be cute to take a group photo.
Saya: Then how about making bookmarks out of fallen leaves? If we set up a small event space downtown, I think customers would enjoy it.
Rimi: I sometimes decorate my notebook with pressed flowers, and handmade stuff really grows on you~.
Arisa: That's actually not a bad idea. Fallen leaves should be pretty easy to gather...
Arisa: Oh, right. Talking reminded me... I heard about the Susuki Festival from Grandma the other day.
Rimi: The Susuki Festival... That's the one they hold around this time of year, right?
Arisa: Yeah, yeah. And they've got crafts using susuki grass...
Arisa: Here it is. Look, it's this.
Rimi: Woooow! What a cute owl!
Arisa: Looks like you can make stuff like this out of susuki grass.
Saya: No way! Wow... The photos of the susuki fields are really pretty too.
Arisa: Right?! I figured it might give us some ideas. It's not that far either, so... wanna go together?
Saya: Sounds good! Let's invite Kasumi and O-Tae too.
Arisa: Alright, I'll send a message.
Rimi: If we're using it as a reference, sooner's better. How's everyone this weekend?
Saya: Either day's fine for me. How about you, Arisa?
Arisa: I'm free too, so I'll ask the other two. Uh, "Wanna go to the susuki festival this weekend?"... There.
Arisa: Wait, I already got a reply?! Looks like they're both free.
Saya: Then let's do Saturday. I wanna go as soon as possible!
Rimi: Yeah! I can't wait!
Arisa: Yeah... "I'm looking forward to it too"... There.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Susuki Fest Experience! Pt. 2>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Hey, hey, where should we start at the Susuki Festival? The susuki field is a must, and there are food stalls too, right?
Arisa: It's fine to get excited, but we came to plan the shopping district event, remember?
Kasumi: Ehehe, I'm just so excited... We're going out together and all~
Arisa: ...Well, I can't exactly blame you...
Saya: Fufu, it's a festival, so we've gotta enjoy it. Oh yeah, I brought my camera.
Rimi: That's so like you, Saya-chan. You're really prepared.
Tae: If it's the Susuki Festival, maybe we can take a picture of rabbits pounding mochi.
Arisa: No, I don't think that's a thing...
Rimi: Ah, looks like they're handing out pamphlets over there. I'll go grab one.
Kasumi: You're right! Let's go too!
Arisa: Hey, don't run. It's dangerous.
(Black cut)
Saya: Whoa, there's so much stuff~
Arisa: Yeah. I looked into it a little, but do you guys have anywhere you wanna go?
Rimi: Hmm... I think I'd like to try making an owl out of susuki plumes.
Kasumi: Hey, do you think... you could make something besides an owl?
Tae: I wanna make a bunny.
Arisa: I mean, you can probably get creative with it. What about you, Saya?
Saya: I guess I wanna see the pampas grass field. It'd be fun to take photos.
Arisa: Oh yeah, it also said you can try harvesting the pampas grass here...
Tae: Nice. Talking about pampas grass is making me crave some yakisoba.
Arisa: Th-that came out of nowhere. And how's that related to pampas grass?
Tae: But the color's similar, right? Pampas grass and yakisoba.
Arisa: The color... Well, I guess it kind of is...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Road to the Pampas Grass Field]

Rimi: Making owls was so much fun!
Arisa: It looked easy when I saw the example, but when I tried it, it was harder than I thought.
Tae: But it was fun.
Kasumi: O-Tae, you made a really good bunny.
Tae: Yup, it came out pretty great. I'm gonna show Oddie and the others.
Saya: I made sure to take pics of everyone's work!
Kasumi: Oh yeah, Saya, you took tons of photos! Show us later, show us~!
Saya: Sure, I'd love to.
Arisa: Oh, isn't it about time the pampas grass field comes into view?
(Black cut)

[Pampas Grass Field]

Kasumi: Woooowww! It's so preeettyyy!!
Rimi: It's like... a golden carpet...
Arisa: Normally, this place is kept off-limits, but during the festival,
Arisa: they let you come close and take photos, so it's pretty popular, apparently.
Saya: And it sounded like you were interested too, Saya, so I figured this time was-
Arisa: Also, I heard it's best to shoot pampas grass with the backlight.
Saya: You looked into all that?! Thanks, Arisa!
Tae: I-it's not like I did it just for you! I just got curious too...
Arisa: Fufu, still... Thank you.
Saya: It's really beautiful...
Arisa: H-hey! Don't just take pics out of nowhere!
Saya: Sorry, sorry. You looked so picture-perfect, I couldn't help it.
Kasumi: Lemme see, lemme see~! Whoa, Arisa, this came out super pretty!
Tae: I think I've seen paintings like this in textbooks before.
Arisa: Paintings...? Okay, that's a little much...
Rimi: But you really do look like a model. And both Arisa-chan and the pampas grass look so pretty.
Arisa: Jeez... Complimenting me won't get you anything... Ah!
Arisa: Hey, what if we set up a pampas grass photo spot in downtown? Like, decorate a panel with pampas grass and recreate this field. That could be fun.
Arisa: There's also the harvest experience. Let's ask how much we can take home.
Kasumi: Whoa! I think that's a super great idea!
Saya: Yeah. People could easily stop by while they're out shopping, too.
Rimi: Hey, hey, what if we also decorate the panel with an owl and bunny made from pampas grass? That'd be so cute!
Tae: Sounds good. I'll make more bunnies.
Kasumi: Then let's go talk to the person in charge of the pampas grass!
Saya: Thanks to you, Arisa, it's shaping up to be an awesome event.
Arisa: It's not like it's because of me... Your photos of the pampas grass were really pretty, so that gave me the idea.
Saya: Fufu, I only took it because you looked pretty, Arisa.
Arisa: Wh-what?! Quit saying weird stuff and let's get going already!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
