event160-01 Opening: Loud Foghorn, Louder Hearts

Having finished their summer homework, Kasumi and the others are on a ferry for their overnight seaside trip!

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Ferry - Deck]

Kasumi: Wowww~! Hey, hey, look! The ocean is so beautiful!
Arisa: K-Kasumi~, I know it's your first time on a ferry, but you're too hyper~. It's embarrassing~.
Kasumi: But, but, it really is so amazing~!
Saya: Fufu, good thing you were able to come on this vacation, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Yeah!
Arisa: I never thought you'd actually finish all of your summer homework~.
Saya: She kept her promise of finishing it all by the weekend, so maybe we should give her a little more credit.
Arisa: I guess. Anyway, I can't believe you managed to find us a place to stay.
Saya: Yeah. It's good to have friends downtown.
Kasumi: Hey, hey! Saya! Arisa! Don't just stand there and chat. Come over here! The sea is so beautiful! Come on, you too, Rimi-rin, O-Tae! This way!
Rimi: Wow, it really is beautiful~! A blue ocean that stretches as far as the eye can see~.
Tae: Ah, something just jumped out of the water! If it's that size... it's probably a whale.
Kasumi: A whale?!
Arisa: You sure you're not seeing things...?
Saya: Ah, but apparently you can see dolphins around here. In the ferry pamphlet it said that whole pods of them swim by in the summer.
Kasumi: Really?! Wahhh, I wanna see them!
Kasumi: Whoa! What was that?! It was like, "hooonk"!
Arisa: Calm down! It was only the foghorn. It's to signal when other ships are nearby.
Kasumi: Huh~! I see~! This is kinda like an adventure. It's so exciting~!
Arisa: Ugh... You were really looking forward to this trip, weren't you?
Kasumi: Yup! I was so excited, and I just wanted today to come already, so I went to bed at seven last night~!
Saya: Ohh~. That's early~.
Kasumi: But then, my heart was racing, so I couldn't get to sleep until about ten~.
Tae: Me too! I went to bed at six yesterday. But I slept at seven.
Arisa: Isn't that sleeping a bit too much...?
Kasumi: Ngh~! But like, sleeping feels like such a waste, so let's stay awake all day today and tomorrow! That way, the fun will never end!
Tae: Yeah! Let's do that!
Arisa: You're being absurd... You need proper sleep.
Rimi: Hey, hey, look at this vending machine. It's selling hot food like fried onigiri and french fries!
Kasumi: It is too! Ah, this vending machine has glass bottles of ramune! There's a picture of a boat on the label, how cute~!
Saya: Huh~, they only sell these here on this ferry. Hey, since we're here, why don't we all get one?
Rimi: Yeah! Ah, this vending machine is interesting too. It has cup noodles. There's even a kettle to boil the water.
Kasumi: Do you think vending machine cup noodles taste different from regular ones? ... Wow, I really wanna try some now!
Arisa: I don't think they would be any different. You're way too excited about this.
Kasumi: Well, there are so many types to choose from~! Isn't that amazing? Of course I'm excited~!
Arisa: The ferry still sails in the night, so they probably have these here for when the stores are shut-
Kasumi: Ah! Look! A fish just jumped out of the water!
Arisa: Listen to people when they're talking!
Tae: It is pretty strange though, Arisa.
Arisa: Huh? What's strange?
Tae: I think it's strange that you brought two bags.
Arisa: You're bringing that up again~? We already talked about this when we met up~!
Saya: No, no, I still think it's weird, Arisa. We're only staying for one night, right? Do you really need that much stuff?
Rimi: It is quite a lot...
Arisa: E-enough! Who even cares?! We all have different things we need to bring!
Kasumi: Like what?
Arisa: Umm... Like a fluffy towel, and a toothbrush and toothpaste, right? And a folding umbrella, and a flashlight-
Saya: A flashlight?! What are you gonna use that for?
Arisa: W-well, it would be a disaster if the power went out at the place we're staying, right? I thought it would be better to bring one so we can properly enjoy our vacation...
Kasumi: Aha~! So you were looking forward to this trip, Arisa!
Arisa: N-no! Not really, I was just... Ugh!
Saya: Fufu, don't be shy now. Thanks, Arisa. For thinking to bring all sorts of things along for our sakes.
Arisa: ... W-well, it is a vacation, after all. If we're going to come, we might as well enjoy ourselves...
Kasumi: Ah! Look! You can see the land now! Oooh~! I can't wait~!
Saya: Those white sand dunes are getting closer and closer... Fufu, going somewhere you don't know is kind of exciting~.
Kasumi: Guys! For the next two days and one night, let's have as much fun as we can and make loads of memories!
All: Yeah!
