event160-07 Ending: Capturing the Now

Poppin'Party looks up at the sky filled with stars glittering like jewels. Kasumi holds up her ramune bottle toward the night sky...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[The Beach]

Kasumi: Ahh~... The stars are so pretty.
Rimi: Yeah. They are like jewels scattered across the night sky.
Arisa: If you look closely, you can see stars of all sorts of colors. Red, orange, green... Big ones and small ones... They even sparkle differently.
Kasumi: I feel like I could stare at them forever. Ahh~, I wish this moment would never end.
Arisa: I know how you feel, but you can't stop time... Our summer vacation will come to an end soon too.
Saya: Yeah. That's why I want to properly savor this moment.
Saya: This starry sky, and the taste of this cool, sweet ramune... Yeah, this is delicious.
Kasumi: Ahh, I already drank all of mine... It was so good, I couldn't help myself...
Kasumi: Hm? Hmm~...? Ohhh~!
Rimi: ... What are you doing, Kasumi-chan? Why are you holding up your ramune bottle?
Kasumi: The stars shine even brighter if you look at them through a ramune bottle!
Kasumi: Wow, the sound it makes when you tilt it is really nice~!
Saya: It is too. Fufu, I like the sound of the marble inside the bottle. It's so soft and clear.
Saya: I'm sure that one day, I'll hear this sound again and think back to this moment.
Rimi: Yeah. Staring at the stars together at the end of summer.
Tae: It's like a time capsule then.
Kasumi: A time capsule?
Tae: It's not like we're leaving any letters or something physical, but whenever we hear that sound, we'll always be able to remember this moment.
Tae: We've captured the "now" in a time capsule just for us.
Kasumi: A sound time capsule...! Yeah! O-Tae, that's awesome!
Saya: A sound time capsule... If you think of it like that, then the sounds we've heard today... The ferry horn, the marble, and... the waves we're hearing right now...
Saya: Each of those make up our own irreplaceable time capsule.
Rimi: Yeah... All of those sounds feel precious somehow.
Arisa: A sound time capsule... That sort of thing... is kinda nice.
Arisa: Even when we're adults, whenever we hear the sound of a ramune marble, we'll be able to remember this scenery and these feelings.
Tae: Yeah. Whenever I look at you, Arisa, I'll remember the bonsai you named after us.
Arisa: C-cut it out already!
Kasumi, Saya, Rimi & Tae: Ahahaha!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Ferry - Deck]

Kasumi: Mmm~! That was so much fun~!
Rimi: It flew by so quickly. Two days and one night doesn't quite feel long enough.
Saya: Then should we go on another trip next summer vacation?
Kasumi: Yeah! We just have to go on another trip! Ah! Let's not go next summer, but next month!
Arisa: We'll have school then. And we have a show next month.
Rimi: Fufu, we can eat lunch in the courtyard again once school starts.
Tae: And we'll be able to go to the rabbit hutch! I wonder how everyone is doing.
Kasumi: Mmm~! We have so many fun things waiting for us~!
Kasumi: Ah~! I feel full of energy now~! Hey, hey, wanna go to karaoke after this?! It'd be such a waste to go home like this!
Arisa: You have way too much energy! You barely even slept yesterday, so where is this stamina coming from?
Kasumi: Whaaat~? Let's go! I feel like singing right now~! I have even more duets I can do with Saya now, so I want you guys to hear them~!
Rimi: Really? When did you learn them?
Saya: Well, Kasumi and I went to karaoke together the other day and practiced them.
Arisa: Hm...? Hey, Saya... That ramune you're holding...
Saya: Huh? Ahh, this...? Ahaha... I kind of felt like drinking another one, so I bought it in the vending machine earlier.
Kasumi: That's nice~! I want another one too! Hey, let's all go and buy one!
Tae: Okay! I want to drink another one too!
Rimi: I would also like another one. Come with us, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: ... Ugh, fine then.
Kasumi: Mm~! It's nice and bubbly~!
Kasumi: Ah, look. Something just jumped out of the water over there!
Rimi: Huh, where, where?
Tae: You're right. It rippled for a moment! Maybe it was a whale.
Rimi: It might be a dolphin. Ah, look, another ripple! Maybe there are lots of them!
Kasumi: It's gotta be a dolphin! Come on, Arisa, look with us!
Arisa: H-hey, don't push me~!
Saya: Ahaha. Hey, hey, I wanna see too. Where, where?
(White cut)
