event160-02 Chapter 1: Diving in Excitement☆

Poppin'Party can't contain their excitement when they arrive at the quaint bed and breakfast...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Bed And Breakfast - Bedroom]

Kasumi: We're heeere!
Arisa: Pant... Pant... Kasumi~... You... have too much... energy... You ran all the way here from the ferry.
Tae: The old lady running this place seems nice.
Saya: Yeah. She said we can be as loud as we want since she doesn't have many other guests. But we can't be too loud, okay~?
Rimi: Wow, look at the view from the window. It's so pretty♪
Saya: It is too. It feels so liberating to have the sea right outside your room. Mmm~, I get so excited the moment I step into places like this.
Kasumi: Wow~, there's a wind chime in the window...! Just hearing the sound of it makes me feel cooler~.
Arisa: You're right. It does have a kind of summer charm about it.
Rimi: I like this little space between the window and the room~.
Saya: Ah, I totally get what you mean! It's almost strangely calming. It makes me want to sit here and relax in this chair forever or something.
Kasumi: Ah, look! Out the window. You can see the ferry we rode going back! Hey~! Thanks for the ride~!
Arisa: K-Kasumi! Don't lean out the window, it's dangerous! And don't wave either!
Rimi: Ah, there are teacakes on this table. I wonder if we're allowed to eat them...
Saya: Yeah. You can, but you won't have any room for lunch if you eat too many~.
Tae: Hey, guys, this is amazing. Come into the hallway.
Kasumi: What is it, O-Tae? Ohh, whoa~!
Rimi: The hallway leading to the kitchen feels very traditional. And it smells like wood~.
Kasumi: The floor is so shiny too! Wow~, the hallway goes all the way back there~!
Saya: Apparently, we can use the kitchen however we like. So let's put the ramune we bought on the ferry into the fridge for starters.
Kasumi: Okay! Now, let's all get changed and go to the beach~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Beach]

Kasumi & Tae: We're at the beeeach!
Kasumi: Your swimsuits look even cuter here, Saya, Rimi-rin~!
Saya: I-I don't really have many opportunities to wear swimsuits outside of school, so I'm not really used to it...
Rimi: Y-yeah... I kind of feel a little embarrassed...
Kasumi: It's fine~! You two look really good! Don't be embarrassed~!
Rimi: R-really...? I was quite conflicted over which swimsuit to buy, so that is a relief~.
Saya: I guess... it's just like Kasumi said. We've come here to have fun, so we have to enjoy ourselves to the fullest♪
Kasumi: Hey, hey, hurry up. Let's swim~!
Tae: Kasumi, don't you think that big rock in the water kind of looks like a rabbit? Look, those two bits sticking up are like ears.
Kasumi: It does! How cute~! Alright, let's swim over to it!
Saya: Ah, Kasumi, wait. You have to put on some sunscreen. Otherwise, your skin will sting when you bathe later.
Kasumi: Whaaat~?! But I wanna swim right away~!
Saya: Come on, hold still already. I'll apply it for you. Turn your back to me.
Kasumi: Ahh~. It's nice and cold~. Thanks, Saya~♪
Tae: Do mine too!
Saya: Okay, but do your arms and legs on your own first. I'll put some on your back after that.
Arisa: I'm sure they can apply their own sunscreen. Aren't you babying them too much...?
Saya: Fufu. You want me to do yours too, Arisa?
Arisa: I-I can do it myself!
Tae: Arisa, you know you want her to.
Kasumi: If you really insist~, I'll apply it for you~♪
Arisa: Ugh, enough! I said I can do it myself~!
