event53-02 Chapter 1: Shopping Time

They reach the shopping mall and head toward the movie theater first, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[12:30 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: Here we are~! We made it~! Ahhh, that cool, indoor air feels so nice~.
Saya: Summer really makes you appreciate air conditioning~.
Rimi: Hehe, if only we could go back in time and thank its inventor.
Arisa: It took 30 minutes to get here, all thanks to someone... She just couldn't resist snapping a ton of photos for that "Rabbits All Around Us" thing of hers.
Saya: Fufu, if we were to look through her eyes, everything would probably look like a rabbit.
Tae: Huh... I just had an epiphany... Doesn't the letter "R" upside down look like a rabbit?
Arisa: Where'd this come from?!
Kasumi: Haha, you're right! I can totally see it! It's got those little bunny ears!
Tae: And the letter "M" is-
Saya: Pardon me for interrupting, you two, but how about we continue this conversation after we've watched the movie?
Rimi: Ah, about that. The movie that Arisa-chan wanted to see doesn't actually start until 1:15, so we still have a bit of time.
Kasumi: But if we don't get there early we won't be able to sit in the good seats. Wouldn't it be best if we started heading there now?
Rimi: I went ahead and reserved four spots online yesterday. We should be okay either way.
Kasumi: Wow~! Nice going, Rimi-rin~! You're the best~!
Rimi: No, no. I was just looking forward to spending the day with you all.
Saya: So, we still have time to spare... What should we do, then?
Kasumi: I vote karaoke! Who's with me?
Arisa: Vetoed! Karaoke is last, got it?!
Kasumi: Aw, too bad...
Arisa: Besides, aren't we suppose to be taking care of our summer to-do lists? Everybody did think about what they wanted to do today, right?
Rimi: Uhm, well... What I wanted was for the five of us to enjoy some chocolate sweets at the food court...
Arisa: Chocolate sweets?
Rimi: During summer break, there was a three-day chocolate fair held at the department store. I wanted to go together, but it was just bad timing...
Kasumi: I see, that's definitely something worthy of putting on the list. How about you, Saya?
Saya: I... don't really have anything that I want to do. Oh, but I did actually think about it. I promise. Nothing came to mind, is all.
Saya: What's the best way of putting it...? Spending another day together is all I need. Really.
Kasumi: Aw, we came all the way here, Saya~. You've gotta pick something to do with us~.
Saya: Fufu, alright. I'll give it a bit more thought.
Arisa: That just leaves O-Tae, right?  Hey, O-Tae... Huh? Where'd she run off to?
Kasumi: There she is! Over there! She's checking out something over at the knick-knack shop. Let's go see, too!
Arisa: ... Living in her own world as usual.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-Knack Shop]

Kasumi: O-Tae~♪ What'cha lookin' at?
Tae: This. Isn't it just adorable? A rabbit-shaped bento box.
Arisa: It is kind of cute, I'll admit. But I think this bunny addiction of yours has a little too much control over your life.
Kasumi: Here's a chopstick container to go with it! It has a delightful little picture of two rabbits lined up side-by-side~.
Arisa: That one is brown, so it might be a hare. Hares change their fur to brown or gray in the summer.
Kasumi: Animals with fur can change color?! I thought that was only for chameleons!
Arisa: Well, actually...
Rimi: Hey, Saya-chan, have you looked over here yet? They have so many hair accessories!
Saya: Show me, show me! Wow, has this store always had these?!
Rimi: This hair clip totally suits you! Here, the one with the yellow marble pattern!
Saya: Oh no... I'm a total sucker for ones like this. Agh, now I seriously wanna buy it~. I'll be in a pinch if I blow my allowance so early in the month, though...
Rimi: Ah, I see... That makes things a bit difficult...
Saya: If I don't buy it now, though, they may be sold out later. What should I do...?
Kasumi: O-Tae, check this out! I think you'll really like this phone case. It's got bunny ears on it.
Tae: I'll take it.
Arisa: At least think about it!
Saya: This store does have a nice collection of phone cases~. I like this folio one. Don't you have one like this, Kasumi? How is it?
Kasumi: Yeah, I totally recommend that kind of case! They keep your screen from getting smudges, and you can keep your train pass in the side sleeve!
Rimi: And they seem simple and mature. Maybe I'll get one, too. Do you think I could pull this one off, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Sure, why not? But maybe go with a lighter shade of pink, instead.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, this one will be perfect, then! It is lighter and has a nice design, don't ya think?!
Rimi: Hm... Now I'm confused... I don't know which one to get~.
Saya: Nah, I understand. Having so many choices just makes it harder to choose, right~?
Tae: Really? I'm absolutely fine with my choice. You all should just get what I'm getting.
Saya: Uhhh... Let's just agree to disagree, okay...?
