event53-05 Chapter 4: Karaoke Time

Now that they've eaten, it's time for what they've all been waiting for: karaoke.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[4:30 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: Hooo boy~, I couldn't eat another bite! I'm stuffed~!
Tae: That hamburg steak was fantastic! Next time, I'll double down and go with the extra-large one!
Saya: Are you sure? I mean, the one you got was already much bigger than the sample image, right?!
Kasumi: You thought so, too?! I couldn't believe how huge it was! It was as big as O-Tae's head! Maybe even bigger!
Arisa: Maybe that's enough of the tall tales? If anything, Rimi was the most shocking of all.
Rimi: Me? Why's that?
Arisa: You didn't hesitate to pack away that chocolate parfait, even after eating all of that meat. That was quite the appetite.
Tae: There's always room for meat and dessert.
Arisa: You sure are devoted to that motto, aren't you?
Rimi: I just couldn't help myself. Not after seeing Kasumi-chan eat hers with such a blissful look on her face...
Saya: It's contagious, isn't it? She takes one bite, and her face just lights up. It's totally unfair, I tell ya.
Kasumi: Am I really like that? I don't do it on purpose!
Saya: It works precisely because you don't mean to do it! Alright, well... now that we've had our fill, I believe it's finally time for you-know-what...
Kasumi: Karaoke! Yaaay~!!! Karaoke~♪ Karaoke~♪
Saya: That's what I'm talking about! That face right there~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[4:40 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall - Karaoke Parlor]

Kasumi: Hehehe~♪ What shall we sing first~♪
Tae: Hey, Kasumi. Pass the mic over here.
Kasumi: O-Tae! Do the thing you always do!
Tae: Okay, then. Mic check: one, two.
Tae: Seems to be working properly. I think it would be better to adjust the echo setting so our voices carry a bit better, though. I'll fix it.
Kasumi: Thank you, thank you! You always come through for us, O-Tae~!
Saya: All that time working at the live house really paid off for her, huh? She's already like a professional!
Rimi: It somehow does feel easier to hit the right notes when O-Tae-chan sets it up for us.
Kasumi: Can I select the first song now?! Oh, but I've never done this one before, so I might have to skip it. Arisa, hurry up and queue the next one just in case!
Arisa: Really? Why do I have to go next?
Saya: You can do it, Kasumi~♪ Arisa, once you're done, pass the remote this way.
Arisa: Why don't you just go before me, then?
Saya: I have an idea! Let's sing together, Arisa! Whaddya say?
Arisa: A-as a duo?!  Really? Th-then what should we choose?!
Saya: Well, I would like to do~...
Tae: Okay, I'm heading to the drink bar. Does anybody else want anything?
Rimi: Here, let me go with you. Maybe I'll borrow a tambourine from the front desk while we're out.
Kasumi: One ginger ale for me, please~! And grab some maracas, too, Rimi-rin! Uh-oh, the intro just started! I hope I can actually sing it. Here goes-
Arisa: So much for that! Whoa, look at her go!
(Black cut)
Saya: Heh, I ended up getting a bit nervous~. So, how would you rate my duet with Rimi-rin?
Kasumi: I give it two... no, ten thumbs up~! That was spectacular! Your high notes harmonized with hers perfectly! You practiced that and didn't tell us, didn't you~?!
Rimi: Saya-chan, you and I talked about doing this one the last time we came, didn't we?
Kasumi: Aw, so unfair~! I wish I had been there~!
Saya: In that case, let's rehearse something in preparation for the next time we come!
Kasumi: Yay! So, what should we practice?
Arisa: Kasumi, you're the one who queued this anime song, right? It's about to start.
Kasumi: Whoops! My bad! Here, let's discuss it more a bit later!
Saya: Roger that~♪ ... Kasumi has completely entered the "anime zone." Maybe I'll pick an anime song, too, then?
Tae: So, Arisa, what're you choosing next?
Arisa: I'm t-trying to scroll through the list, but this remote is kind of hard to use... Uh, O-Tae. What exactly is that... concoction you have there?
Tae: I went with some sherbet ice cream covered in soda. And soft serve on top.
Arisa: That's enough to feed a family! Did you leave any for the other customers?! Actually though, can you really scarf down that whole thing?!
Tae: Of course. There's always room for dessert.
Arisa: You have way too much faith in your stomach!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Awww, the last song has finally come~. If only we could have asked for an extension~.
Saya: I know how you feel, Kasumi~. But that just means we'll have more songs to sing next time... So, what should we choose for our finale? Should we sing as a group?
Kasumi: I'm down for that! What's a song that we all know...?
Arisa: Huh? Kasumi! Did you see this?!
Kasumi: See what, Arisa? What did you find?
Arisa: I was fiddling with the remote, and then this popped up. Here, look! It's one of Pastel＊Palettes' songs!
Kasumi: I see it! Right there! I had no idea! It's so crazy to see a song from somebody you know right there on the karaoke menu!
Rimi: Wouldn't this work well as our final song, Kasumi-chan? It's one we all know.
Saya: You're always one step ahead, Rimi-rin! What better way to end our day than with a Pastel＊Palettes track sung by all of us! You up for it, O-Tae?
Tae: Leave the maracas to me.
Kasumi: That's O-Tae for ya! Ready, set, submit~!
