event53-04 Chapter 3: Meal Time

Having enjoyed the movie, Kasumi and the others decide to have desserts, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[3:30 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall - Food Court]

Kasumi: Phew, we finally found some seats for all of us~.
Saya: This place is always packed. Finding a place to sit, even around this time, is a hassle.
Rimi: I managed to borrow another chair for us, but... that means someone will have to sit alone at the front of the table. Anyone?
Kasumi: You should do it, Arisa. It'll be like you're the birthday girl. Your special day is next in line, anyway.
Arisa: Yeah, in over a month! No way I'm sitting in that thing now!
Tae: Okay, I volunteer! My birthday is still a long way off, though, if that's okay.
Kasumi: Go right ahead! ... Gasp, O-Tae... Being at the head of the family suits you perfectly, somehow...!
Saya: Hahaha, it really does! Lookin' good, O-Tae.
Arisa: So, we were going to eat some kind of chocolate, I think. Right, Rimi?
Rimi: Yeah. There are a lot of places to choose from, though, so get whatever you like.
Kasumi: Chocolate parfait for me! I filled up on popcorn at the theater, so my taste buds are dying for something sweet!
Arisa: You're still hungry after eating that bloated bag of popcorn? Is there a bottom to that stomach?
Kasumi: I'm still good to go. Right, Otae?
Tae: Of course. C'mon, Arisa. There's always room for dessert.
Arisa: That's not normal, you know!
Saya: What're you going to get, O-Tae? Looks like they have crepes, too.
Tae: Good question~. I think I'll get the... The... The hamburg steak.
Arisa: Huh?!
Tae: Look, that shop over there has a really delicious-looking hamburg-steak set.
Rimi: Huh? Where?
Tae: The one on the corner. See it? With all the pictures of steaks and meat.
Arisa: What's with the mood shift, O-Tae? Weren't you just going on about always having room for dessert?
Tae: Ah, I revise my statement. "There's always room for dessert."  "And meat."
Arisa: Straight from a jumbo popcorn to a full meal on top of that... Just what else is there room for in there...?
Saya: O-Tae's going for the rib-sticking menu, I see... Hm, now I'm not sure what to go for, myself.
Rimi: You haven't decided yet, Saya-chan?
Saya: Actually, I didn't have any lunch before I came, so I'm pretty hungry~...
Saya: If O-Tae is going to have her fill, I think I might just do the same~.
Rimi: That's a good idea! We came all the way here, you should eat what you're hungry for.
Saya: Let's see... That pasta place looks good. And look, the line is pretty short compared to the other restaurants.
Kasumi: They have a lot of different dishes, don't they?! Saya, let me have a bite of yours, please!
Saya: Sure thing. Have as many bites as you want.
Kasumi: Yay~!
Saya: Pasta from restaurants always tastes better, doesn't it? I occasionally cook some for my little brother and sister, but it never comes out as good. Maybe they boil the noodles differently?
Kasumi: You've gotta let me try some of yours one of these days! Jun-Jun and Sa-nan sure do have it nice, what with having such an awesome older sister around~.
Saya: Fufu~. I can be scary when I get angry, y'know~.
Rimi: How about you, Kasumi-chan?  Do you cook things for Asuka-chan?
Kasumi: Well... I-I do! I swear! Just the other day, I made some ramen for her!
Arisa: Dumped it in the pot and heated it up with some water. Gotcha.
Kasumi: N-not just that! I added some pork, too... Oh, and a hard-boiled egg!
Arisa: Noodles and an egg? So you boiled two things? A true inspiration to us all. Well done, master chef. Not just anyone can get the water to be all bubbly twice.
Kasumi: I know when I'm being made fun of, Arisa~! You meanie~!
Saya: Fufufu. That was very responsible of you, Kasumi. Anyway, have you made up your mind yet, Arisa?
Arisa: I'll just... have what Rimi is having. That's what we originally planned from the beginning, after all.
Arisa: So, what'll it be, Rimi? There's parfaits, crepes... and chocolate cake, as well. Looks pretty good, doesn't it?
Rimi: Uhmmm, I guess I'll...
Rimi: I'll go with the steak set, I suppose.
All: What?!
Arisa: N-now Rimi wants meat...?! What happened?
Rimi: Well, it's just... the steak on the posters at the shop O-Tae-chan pointed out look so good...
Rimi: During summer vacation, there was a second event... One with different types of meat from around the world. I wanted to go to that one, too, but it was too far away.
Rimi: I like chocolate and all, but I also love meat... It looks like the steak won out in the end.
Kasumi: Don't sweat it! We're all getting what we like, right? You chow down on as much steak as you want, Rimi-rin!
Rimi: Arisa-chan, you want to have some with me?
Arisa: No no no, I'm not a bottomless pit like the rest of you! The chocolate cake will do just fine.
Saya: I'll stay behind and watch our stuff. You guys go on ahead~♪
