event53-03 Chapter 2: Movie Time

The girls finish shopping and decide to go see a popular, young adult film.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[1:00 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall - Movie Theater]

Rimi: Sorry for the wait. The area around the ticket dispenser was a bit crowded. Here, one for each of us.
Kasumi: Thank you~!
Saya: This film is pretty popular, so we probably wouldn't have been able to see it if Rimi-rin hadn't reserved the tickets for us.
Kasumi: Rimi-rin with the game-winning play~!
Tae: Say, what kind of movie is this, anyway? I don't know a thing about it.
Arisa: Are you serious? The trailers are all over the internet.
Tae: I don't really look at that stuff though.
Kasumi: It's been getting rave reviews! That one guy from that show was going on about it and how it made him cry. You know who I mean? From that drama with the thing and the people.
Arisa: Please make some sense!
Saya: I was kind of surprised to hear what it was about~. It's apparently one of those coming-of-age stories. You like these kinds of films, Arisa?
Arisa: N-not particularly! I mean, I didn't want to come because it's a genre I like. I-it's just being talked about non-stop online is all...!
Rimi: I understand where Arisa-chan is coming from. I'm more of a horror person, but even I wanted to come see this one in theaters.
Kasumi: I'll never really get over how much Rimi-rin likes scary movies. It's even more surprising than how much Arisa likes coming-of-age ones.
Arisa: Open your ears, people! I n-never said I liked 'em!
Saya: Kasumi, what types of movies do you usually watch?
Kasumi: Fun, light-hearted ones are best~. If I had to pick one that's currently showing, then... that one? The poster with the CGI anime on it.
Arisa: Looks really over-the-top.
Saya: I'd go with that romantic one, probably. Classic Cinderella stories are my guilty pleasure, and this poster is just oozing with sentimentality~.
Kasumi: O-Tae, you don't seem like the kind to see movies very often. Or am I way off?
Tae: Well, sometimes I do. I enjoy the dancing ones.
Saya: Dancing ones? Like a musical or something?
Tae: I'm not sure myself, but they're the ones where people spontaneously break out into a dance.
Arisa: And the mystery deepens...
Rimi: Come to think of it, I saw an Indian film like that a while back. A bunch of dancers would come in out of nowhere, even in the middle of a dialogue.
Tae: Yes! Exactly like that!
Kasumi: So, they just pop out and bust a move?! Why?! That's so awesome! I wanna see a movie like that!
Rimi: Ah, I think it's about time for the movie to start. We should go.
Kasumi: Wait! Can't watch a movie without popcorn! Be right back!
Tae: I'll go, too!
Saya: We'll be waiting over by the entrance, okay?
(Black cut)

[3:20 P.M.]

Saya: Wow... That was actually really good... I'd even be up for going back and watching it again!
Rimi: Same goes for me! That's probably the first time I've ever cried that much during a movie!
Kasumi: I started crying around halfway through and never stopped~.
Kasumi: Wasn't that one scene so good?! You know, the one where-
Saya: The friend characters need help so the protagonist dashes off to save them, right?! It was so incredible! That scene will go down in movie history, I bet.
Rimi: My hands almost started applauding by themselves! I'm going to tear up just thinking about it...
Tae: Think of how much better it could have been if it led into a big dance number!
Saya: O-Tae, no. Just... nuh-uh.
Kasumi: Thank you so much for picking this movie, Arisa~! It was such a good choice!
Arisa: Hm? Yeah, sure...
Kasumi: What's wrong, Arisa? Why so gloomy? You didn't think the film was interesting?
Arisa: Nnn~... N-no, nothing like that, but...
Kasumi: Well, what'd you think of that scene, then? When the main character-
Arisa: St-stop...! Don't say anymore...!
Tae: Your eyes are kind of red, Arisa. Is everything alright?
Arisa: Ah! I-I've got s-s-something in my eye! Hang on, I need to go rinse it out! Ow, ow, it hurts...!
Saya: Take your time, Arisa~. We'll be waiting by the exit.
Kasumi: Hey, Saya. Is it just me, or... was Arisa crying just now?
Saya: Crying? Who, Arisa? I didn't notice. Maybe you just imagined it?
Kasumi: Really~? Hmmm. I could've sworn she was...
Rimi: When you get something in your eye, it makes tears to flush out the dirt, right?
Kasumi: That makes sense! And here I thought those tears were from Arisa being moved by the movie!
Saya: Okay, okay. It's not a big deal, either way. Anyway, let's decide where to go next while we wait for Arisa to get back.
