event53-06 Chapter 5: Smile Time

The girls had a great time at karaoke. They still haven't done the thing Saya wanted to do, but...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[6:50 P.M.]

[Shopping Mall]

Kasumi: That was so much fun~♪ Let's be sure to rehearse some tunes for the next time we come!
Saya: And we can't forget to do that one song we were talking about! The one where we can easily harmonize!
Kasumi: Oh yeah! Boy, with all five of us there, those two hours sure did just zip by. It feels like we didn't get enough singing in.
Arisa: Says the one who sang a non-stop medley about halfway through.
Rimi: Having to sit through a two-hour lesson is a lot different than spending two hours at karaoke.
Arisa: How many times did you end up slipping off to the drink bar during those two hours, O-Tae?
Tae: I lost track. Maybe twice?
Arisa: No way! Not even close!
Saya: Hahaha. Alright, it'll be seven o'clock soon. It's about time that we head back.
Kasumi: Huh?! We're not done, though! Saya, you never made up your mind on what to do today!
Rimi: She's right! You said you'd think about it, so did you come up with anything?
Saya: Uhhh, I really did try, but there's nothing that comes to mind. I'm telling you, just being with you all is great. It's all the fun I need, really.
Kasumi: Come on, do something with us~. There's no need to hold back, Saya.
Saya: That's not it at all! I'm being completely honest!
Arisa: Kasumi, let's just drop it. Saya said she's telling the truth, so isn't that enough? It won't be any fun if we force her to do something.
Kasumi: That's true, but still~...
Tae: If she thinks of something later, we can just come back again.
Saya: Works for me. I wanna come back with everyone again, anyway!
Saya: I really had a good time today, guys. Thanks~. I bring my siblings here every now and then, but I've never stayed this long before.
Rimi: I didn't know that. What do you usually do when you come?
Saya: We often go to the big supermarket downstairs, right? But my brother and sister always wanna go see the toy store, so that's where we end up...
Kasumi: You never really go anywhere that you like?
Saya: Nah, they'd get bored way too quickly. And then, I take them to the nearby arcade, so we...
Saya: ... That's it.
Kasumi: Saya? You okay?
Saya: I... realized what I want to do...!
Kasumi: No way! What, what?! Tell me~!!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kasumi: Saya! Which background is best? There's way too many to choose from!
Saya: That's easy... The one with all the ☆☆☆. When you say Poppin'Party, it's gotta be ☆.
Rimi: Yeah! I was thinking the same thing!
Tae: Eye size can be adjusted, as well. Should we?
Arisa: I said to stop fiddling with the buttons! You have no idea what you're doing!
Tae: But you don't know either, do you, Arisa?
Arisa: Th-that's not the point!
Kasumi: I'm kind of surprised that Saya is so interested in these photo booths.
Saya: Stop embarrassing me like that~. It's just something I see when I bring my siblings. You know, friends all taking pictures together.
Rimi: Now that you mention it, we've actually never taken a group photo together with all five of us.
Saya: One picture for each of us! It'll be something for us to remember our day together! ... Wait, Arisa. Your smile is so stiff. You're way too nervous!
Arisa: B-but I'm so awful at doing this...!
Kasumi: Okay, okay! We're sticking to these settings! Is everyone ready?! Here goes nothing~!
Countdown: 3... 2... 1...
(White cut)
Kasumi: It came out so well! Perfect smiles all around, am I right?!
Rimi: Uh-huh! Saya-chan looks like she's having the time of her life!
Arisa: Way to show us up though! The camera loves her! It's like she was born for this!
Saya: Fufu, you think so? I was just acting natural♪
Rimi: You know, Saya-chan, that's what Kasumi-chan was saying earlier today...
Tae: Arisa... were you having stomach cramps?
Arisa: Leave me alone!
Kasumi: Saya, here's the pen! As the guest of honor, you get to doodle the decorations!
Saya: Me? Really? That seems like a big responsibility.
Saya: What should I draw?! I have no idea what would be good~.
Tae: Give me some rabbit ears, if you please.
Rimi: How cute! Can you draw a pair on me, too?
Kasumi: Arisa and I will take some cat ears! Right, Arisa? You want us to match, don'tcha?!
Arisa: W-well, I'm fine with anything, so sure.
Saya: Let's see... Rabbit ears for O-Tae and Rimi-rin, and cat ears for Kasumi and Arisa... How does this look?
Kasumi: Hey, these look really good! How about some whiskers around the mouth?!
Saya: Whiskers...? Like this, you mean?
Arisa: Really, Saya?! Not those kind of whiskers! O-Tae looks like some kind of aristocrat now!
Saya: Huh...? Did I mess up?
Rimi: Not that, Saya-chan~! The ones with three lines from the cheeks!
Saya: From the cheeks...? Ah, I get it! Hahaha, I totally got mixed up when Kasumi said to add some whiskers.
Kasumi: Me? Aw, I didn't ruin it, did I?!
Saya: Hahaha... Sorry, sorry. Here, I'll do it again.
Tae: Wait, don't! I like it this way!
Arisa: Well, you shouldn't!
(White cut)
