event53-01 Opening: The End of the Summer...

Kasumi and the gang look back on the summer vacation. They talk about going to karaoke...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Kasumi: Aw, it's already time to go back home~. The day just flew by. It had been a while since we hung out at school, so I got all excited~♪
Arisa: I swear... You're always like that, aren't you? Summer vacation ended yesterday, you know. Aren't you the least bit sad?
Kasumi: I'm a bit bummed that it's over, sure, but that doesn't beat just how happy I feel~.
Saya: We were practically glued together the entire break, though...
Rimi: I just happened to notice while looking over my schedule book yesterday, but aside from my family trip, I really did spend most of my time with you all.
Tae: Ah, that reminds me of when Arisa and I went to the beach. It still amazes me just how skillfully she won the watermelon-splitting contest. You should have seen-
Arisa: Give that a rest already! I've heard it a million times now!
Kasumi: Aw, you're both so lucky~ I really wanted to go to the beach, too~. If only we could've hung out more!
Arisa: Pretty sure we just went over how our every waking moment was spent together...
Kasumi: To be fair, most of that was our band rehearsals, right? Totally not the same thing. Think of all the karaoke we didn't get to enjoy~.
Saya: If we're talking about karaoke, then... I think we went together twice, if I recall correctly.
Kasumi: Two times is nowhere near enough. We should've gone more~.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan, you really do love karaoke, don't you?
Kasumi: Singing there is completely different from singing in the band, don't you think?! And there are so many songs to choose from!
Saya: That's true.  Like the way your pitch is shown on the screen? It does have its own unique sense of fun to it.
Rimi: I agree that it's enjoyable, but I'm not so good with the pressure of being scored... It makes me nervous...
Kasumi: All this talk just makes me wanna go again. Alright, everyone! Time for another run to the karaoke parlor!
Arisa: Oh boy, there she goes again.
Kasumi: Our summer break is already over, and we definitely have to go before fall comes! Right?!
Arisa: Uhm, I'm pretty sure we can go all year round, including fall.
Tae: Well, it's true that the songs you want to sing can differ depending on the season.
Kasumi: Right! I'm glad O-Tae is on the same page~.
Kasumi: So, let's all go together! Having gone only twice is such a waste~.
Arisa: Sounds like more than enough times to me...
Kasumi: I'll never be able to focus on my studies if I don't scratch the itch to go~. So, before our lessons really come back in full force, I wanna finish my to-do list from the summer~!
Saya: Fufu, sounds good to me. Having peace of mind is important for focusing on schoolwork.
Arisa: Saya, you really do coddle Kasumi, don't ya...?
Rimi: If we're going to go, I suppose we should head to our usual spot in the shopping mall?
Tae: That specific karaoke parlor has an excellent drink bar, so I would definitely be interested. Going again certainly does sound nice...
Kasumi: Doesn't it~?! And it's close by, to boot! Arisa, are you free during our next day off?!
Arisa: Jeez... Fine, I read you loud and clear. I knew this was coming the moment you opened your mouth.
Kasumi: Yay~! Karaoke♪ Karaoke♪ Mark your calendars, everyone! That day will be spent at the mall!
Saya: Since we'll already be there, how about we see that movie you were talking about, Arisa? It's showing at the cinema in the mall, right?
Arisa: Y-yeah. It is, but...
Saya: Why don't we watch it as a group? If you have things you want to do left over from the summer, Arisa, you might end up being distracted by that while trying to study.
Kasumi: Nice idea, Saya! Any movie that Arisa wants to see is one I'd love to watch! Let's use this chance to get done everything that we couldn't!
Arisa: D-don't go deciding for me! Who said we have to see it together? I can go by myself!
Kasumi: Aw, don't be like that~. We'll go with you! And with that, our shopping mall trip is set in stone! Hehehe~♪ It's gonna be awesome~♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Day Off 12:00 P.M.]

[Station Entrance]

Arisa: Phew... It's like an oven out here...
Saya: Summer break may be over, but the sun apparently didn't get the memo...
Kasumi: All present and accounted for! Next stop, the shopping mall! Let's head out!
Tae: Ah! Hold on just a second! I just found something amazing!
Rimi: What is it, O-Tae-chan? You found something on the side of the road?
Tae: Come see for yourself. This rock, it... looks just like a rabbit, doesn't it?
Arisa: Wha-? A rabbit? ... This thing?
Tae: Try from this angle. See, here are the ears. And here's the nose. Just like a rabbit. Arisa, hold it still while I take a photo.
Arisa: You've lost me...  So, I just need to hold it, right? ... How's this?
Tae: Perfect, Arisa! Just like that!
Arisa: O-Tae's excitement just went through the roof, you guys...
Tae: Recently, I've been gathering photos for my "Rabbits All Around Us" album. They're hidden in everyday objects like shrubs or flowers. I found a bunch of them during my summer break.
Kasumi: Ooo, interesting~! What kind of things did you find?! I wanna see the photos!
Tae: To be honest, I haven't found one that just screamed "rabbit hidden here" yet...
Arisa: Instead of looking for weird imagery, why not take photos of the actual animal and be done with it?
Tae: No way. The goal is to see how rabbit like non-rabbit things can be. Anything else would be against the rule.
Arisa: Who cares about a rule like that?!
Kasumi: Not to cut this short, but we've got a lot on our plate today! Let's be sure to take care of everything we wanted to do this summer~!
