event53-07 Ending: See You at School Tomorrow

The girls have finally done everything they wanted to do during the summer. Kasumi is sad to part ways...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[7:15 P.M.]

[Station Entrance]

Saya: Ow, my stomach hurts from laughing so much~. I had a lot of fun today, guys.
Arisa: Saya ended up stealing the show at the end~. I still how no idea how that was her first thought when hearing "whiskers."
Saya: Just rub it in, why don’t you~. It's already bad enough that I got my wires crossed...!
Tae: Hey, I liked it.
Saya: Thanks, O-Tae. At least someone has my back in this!
Rimi: Fufufu. At least Saya-chan was able to find something she wanted to do. Now it's officially the best day off ever! Right, Kasumi-chan?
Kasumi: ... Hmmm~.
Rimi: Kasumi-chan? Is something wrong?
Kasumi: It's just... well, the day is over now. I hate that it has to end. I always get lonely when I think about going back home. If only we could be together just a bit longer~.
Saya: Fufu. We'll see each other at school tomorrow. It'll be alright.
Rimi: With the end of today comes a new tomorrow. Don't you think so, Kasumi-chan? We'll see each other bright and early at school!
Arisa: Kasumi, weren't you the one who was happy summer vacation ended?
Kasumi: I did say that, didn't I...? Hm... Yeah, you're right! We'll definitely meet up at school, anyway, so it'll be fine!
Tae: Kasumi, don't forget that our afternoon lessons start tomorrow, as well. Be sure to pack a lunch to bring with you.
Kasumi: O-Tae, you're a lifesaver! I had completely forgotten!
Tae: I... know this is out of nowhere, but... do you remember when we all hung out and ate lunch in the courtyard for the first time?
Kasumi: Huh? Yeah? What about it?
Tae: You all said that I was your friend. That... really shocked me. In a good way. Nobody had ever considered me a friend before that.
Kasumi: Yeah, but... what brought this on?
Tae: Up until then, I had spent all of my free time cooped up practicing guitar. Which is fine because I love the guitar. But it meant that I never really hung out with other people...
Tae: And yet, playing guitar is what helped us to become friends. And that's what brought about all the fun days we've been able to spend together.
Tae: As strange as this may sound, a part of me thinks learning guitar was fate. So I could meet all of you.
Kasumi: Wh-wha-?! Where's this coming from?!
Arisa: O-O-Tae! Did too many trips to the drink bar mess with your brain or something?!
Tae: No, I was just saying what was on my mind. Wait, did I say something weird?
Arisa: N-not exactly, but...! You just surprised me, spouting that out!
Kasumi: O-Tae...! Thank you for saying that~!
Rimi: I agree with everything O-Tae-chan said. All the great memories I've made, including today, were possible because I met you all.
Saya: You got that right. I totally appreciate you guys.
Kasumi: Why did ya have to go and say all that~? Now it's gonna be even harder to say goodbye today...
Arisa: This is nice and all, but how long are we gonna chat here...?! It's already past seven. Kasumi and O-Tae have to take the train back, so they have to get a move on.
Saya: Yup! Our families will get worried if we leave any later than this. I know it's hard, but it's time for everyone to say their goodbyes!
Kasumi: Alright, catch you all tomorrow! Boo, I wish it were already morning~.
Rimi: I'll walk you two to the station. If you don't mind.
Kasumi: Sounds good, thanks! Let's go, O-Tae!
Tae: Wait... A rabbit. Right there...
Arisa: There she goes again. What sort of mutated rock or stump did you find this time?
Tae: Not a rock. Look. Up there. ... The moon.
Arisa: Huh? The moon?
Saya: Yeah... It is, without a doubt... a rabbit.
Kasumi: Wow, it sure is pretty tonight~.
Rimi: The harvest moon season will be here fairly soon.
Kasumi: O-Tae! Photo! You've gotta take a photo of it! You said you haven't found that rabbit-like something that you really like yet, right?!
Tae: Hold on, everyone. One picture of the moon, coming up. ... You ready up there? Say "cheese"!
Arisa: I don't think it can hear you...
Kasumi: ... Did you snap a good one?
Tae: You bet... It'll be a masterpiece!
Kasumi: Yay~! We finally, for real this time, finished our to-do list!
Kasumi: ... Hey, I have an idea!  Let's watch the moon together here on the bench! Just 10 minutes! And not a second more, I promise! Are you okay with that, O-Tae?
Tae: Of course.
Rimi: The next train isn't scheduled to come for a little while. We should have 10 minutes to spare, I think?
Arisa: ... You'd never let us hear the end of it if we refused. I hope you know you're staying too, Saya.
Saya: Okay, I will... But only for 10 minutes♪
Kasumi: Awesome~! O-Tae, show me the picture you just took!
Rimi: Show me next!
Tae: Why don't we start from the beginning? Rabbits All Around Us: a collection of photographs by Tae Hanazono! And for our first piece, we have-
Arisa: There's no way they'll wade through all those in 10 minutes.
Saya: Who knows? I wouldn't count on it, though.
Saya: Ahhh, feel that cool evening breeze. It beats the afternoon heat any day.
Arisa: It sure does. Feels like fall is just around the corner.
Kasumi: Get over here, Saya! Arisa! You're missing all the fun! See, this one really does look like a bunny!
Arisa: Stop encouraging her! Here, I'll be the judge of that! Scooch over!
Saya: Now this, I've gotta see. Make some room~.
