911_Rui Yashio_R3 Forsaking Talent

Gacha phrase: You are the one responsible for your actions.

<Intellectual Discourse>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[After School]

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: All right then, let's take a fifteen minute break!
Toko: Okay~! It feels like the last time we practiced together was ages ago!
Nanami: The exam period was right after our concert, after all~.
Mashiro: How did all of you do on your exams...? You have to do make-up exams if you fail, right?
Rui: Correct. Students who fail are also required to study after school in a designated classroom.
Toko: It's such a pain. They come after you if you speak even a tiny bit~!
Tsukushi: It sounds like you've had first-hand experience... By the way, Toko-chan, did you manage to pass?
Toko: Just barely! I would've bombed it if I got even one more answer wrong.
Tsukushi: You were that close?!
Mashiro: I-it was really close for me, too... Tsukinomori's tests are so hard because some questions require you to apply the stuff from class, instead of just testing you on the basics...
Tsukushi: Come on, you two! You need to study more!
Nanami: Tsu-chan, do you usually get good grades?
Tsukushi: I do pretty well! Although, my grades this time around weren't as good as they usually are... What about you, Hiromachi-san?
Nanami: My grades are pretty normal~. All my scores were the exact average~.
Mashiro: Huh...? D-does that mean you got the average score for every single subject...?
Toko: Isn't that pretty hard to do?!
Nanami: I-it is...?! Oh, I'm sure it was just luck! It probably won't happen again~!
Toko: Hm, so Yashio's the only one of us who gets good grades then. No surprise there... Oh, I guess there's Futaba.
Tsukushi: What do you mean, "I guess?!" Luck just wasn't on my side this time!
Mashiro: Ahaha... I can't imagine you ever getting a failing grade, Yashio-san. I heard you've always been ranked first in our grade ever since middle school...
Rui: I have always aimed for first place, and I intend to keep getting first place.
Tsukushi: It's one thing to try, but it's another thing entirely to actually do it...
Toko: I wish I could get a good score at least once~! I've always had to look towards the bottom to find my ranking ever since middle school!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan, you should try to do well more than just once! I'm worried you'll fail one of these days and won't be able to come to band practice...
Toko: You're right! Hey, Yashio-sensei, mind helping me out with my next tests?
Mashiro, Tsukushi & Nanami: ...?!
Mashiro: (Oh no... I can just see the look on Yashio-san's face...)
Rui: ...
Tsukushi: (Huh? She actually seems to be considering it.)
Rui: ... Very well, I will help you.
Toko: Seriously?! Yashio, you're my savior! A total angel!
Rui: I am not doing this out of the goodness of my heart. I merely weighed the cost of helping you against the cost to the band should you fail your tests.
Nanami: Rui-rui, that reason is so you...
Toko: C'mon, Yashio, there's nothing to be embarrassed about! I totally owe you one!
Rui: ... You are free to think whatever you wish.
Rui: Finish all the problems from pages twenty-seven to thirty-five of this workbook by this time tomorrow. Understood?
Toko: Huh? Isn't tomorrow kinda early?! The next tests aren't for a while!
Rui: If you wish to improve your grades, you must make sure there are no areas you do not understand, correct? Studying specifically for the tests will come later.
Rui: You are, however, free to do as you wish. The results of the mid-term exams are on you.
Toko: Ugh... You're seriously ruthless, Yashio-sensei...
Tsukushi: I'll help you then!
Toko: Hmm... Nah, I'll pass, Futaba.
Tsukushi: Hey, what's that supposed to mean?!
Mashiro & Nanami: Ahaha...


<Plan and Actions>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Phew, we finally finished shopping. I can't believe our usual store is temporarily closed.
Marina: I didn't think it would take so long to find another one... Hm?
Marina: That person over there looking at the floor guide... I think it's Rui-chan. Hey~!
Rui: Oh. Hello, Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Is there a store you're looking for? I could show you around if it's a place I know.
Rui: Thank you, but that will be unnecessary. I am trying to determine the most efficient route to minimizing the time I spend shopping.
Marina: Why don't you want to spend time shopping?
Rui: I wish to have more time to spend on other essential activities.
Marina: I-I see... You seem like the type who's very good at managing your schedule, Rui-chan.
Rui: I have written my schedule for each day in this organizer. You may look through it if you wish.
Marina: Thank you, don't mind if I do... Wow! Your schedule for each day is so detailed... Are you actually able to follow your schedule?
Rui: That is the purpose of a schedule.
Marina: That may be, but it's a lot easier to write down your schedule than it is to follow it.
Rui: I make sure to account for any unforeseen events. Each task also has a priority, so the schedule can be adjusted when the need arises.
Marina: I see. Fufu, I'm sure you'll be a very good worker once you're an adult.
Marina: ... Oh, I'm sorry! We're not interrupting your plans, are we?
Rui: ...? Why do you ask?
Marina: Well, speaking to us isn't on your schedule...
Rui: There is no need to worry. I would not make a schedule that could be disrupted by casual conversation.
Marina: Gotcha. I guess we fall under the category of unforeseen circumstances, huh?
Rui: Yes. That said, it is time for me to make my way to my destination.
Marina: I enjoyed our little chat! From now on, we should properly plan out our shopping too, {{userName}}-san.
Rui: Good day then, Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san. I will be going now.
