916_Rui Yashio_R4 To the Sea of Knowledge

Gacha phrase: That is my current priority.

<Desired Talent>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Rui: I appreciate the offer, but again, I must refuse.
Schoolgirl A: O-okay, but if you ever feel like it, you're welcome to check us out.
Schoolgirl B: Our club could really use you, too. The upperclassmen said they'd really like you to join.
Schoolgirl C: Good day then, Yashio-san.
Rui: ... How troublesome.
Nanami: Good day, Rui-rui~.
Mashiro: G-good day, Rui-san.
Rui: Ah. Hiromachi-san. Kurata-san. Good day.
Nanami: You seem pretty popular. What was that all about?
Mashiro: It looked like they were asking you to do something. Was it a request for the student council?
Rui: No, it was not. They were attempting to recruit me into their clubs.
Mashiro: R-recruit? I didn't know Tsukinomori's clubs recruited new members that actively.
Rui: That is not the case.
Nanami: Oh~. Shiro-chan, it's probably because it's Rui-rui.
Mashiro: ...? What do you mean?
Nanami: Rui-rui has good grades and is good at sports, right? The sports teams probably just really want Rui-rui to join.
Rui: That is likely the case. I experienced something similar when I was in middle school.
Rui: I made my refusal clear back then, so I had thought I would no longer have to deal with such things anymore.
Mashiro: Maybe they thought you changed your mind since we're in high school now.
Rui: Yes, that was my impression based on what they said.
Nanami: Why don't you at least go take a look?
Nanami: You might find something that suits you. Plus you might end up enjoying it.
Rui: Impossible.
Mashiro: Y-you don't have to be so blunt...
Rui: I have already done as you suggested once in middle school.
Rui: I believe it was the lacrosse team. They claimed I could give up if I did not find the club interesting, so I agreed to their request.
Nanami: How'd it go?
Rui: I took part in practice, but I apparently did far better than they had anticipated.
Rui: Which resulted in a further escalation of recruitment attempts by the club.
Mashiro: I-I see...
Nanami: I guess people found out just how capable you are~.
Rui: That is why I have refused to even take a look ever since.
Mashiro: But if you were that good, couldn't you have joined?
Rui: ...?
Mashiro: I'm sure you would've been welcomed and even done well at tournaments.
Rui: ... Even if that had been the case, I did not see myself ever being at the top.
Rui: I felt no such potential based on what little I experienced during practice.
Rui: If you are unlikely to achieve anything significant, it is a waste to spend time on such an endeavor.
Mashiro: I-I see...
Nanami: Hmm, that's so like you, Rui-rui...
Rui: However, that is no longer my only reason to refuse.
Mashiro: Oh...?
Rui: Now that I am a member of the band, I do not have the time to waste on other club activities.
Rui: If I am to spend my time on anything, it would be best spent on the band.
Mashiro & Nanami: ...
Rui: ...? What is the matter? Do you see a flaw in my reasoning?
Nanami: No, not at all!
Mashiro: Yeah, we should focus on the band!
Rui: Yes, that is my current priority.


<Useful and Useless>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Riverside]

Marina: Now that we have the supplies that we need, let's head back to CiRCLE.
Marina: We need to get the equipment set up before the custo- Hm?
Marina: That person walking over there... Is it...? Hey, Rui-chan!
Rui: ...?
Rui: Ah, Tsukishima-san and {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hello. Going somewhere?
Rui: Yes, I am on my way to the library.
Marina: The library? To study?
Rui: No, to read. I frequent the library because I am better able to focus there.
Marina: I see. Mashiro-chan said she was having trouble with her assignments, so I just assumed...
Marina: The assignments must be really challenging at a prestigious school like Tsukinomori.
Rui: I have never felt that to be the case, but Kurata-san and Kirigaya-san seem to hold that opinion.
Rui: However, having been a student at Tsukinomori since kindergarten, I am not qualified to make any comparison.
Marina: I see... It must be because you're the top of your grade.
Marina: I'm a bit envious. You must really enjoy your studies.
Rui: Not particularly.
Marina: Oh...?
Rui: I am merely expending effort because I believe myself to be capable of being the best in this area.
Rui: I recognize that I possess a good memory, but I believe my disposition lends itself to academics as well.
Marina: Your disposition?
Rui: Yes. When it comes to assignments, I always attempt to find the most efficient means to arrive at an answer.
Rui: Ever since I was a child, studies have never given me any difficulty.
Marina: That's... amazing. I wish I could claim I was doing something because I believed I could be the best.
Marina: Oh, does this mean you joined the band because you think it can be the best?
Rui: ...
Rui: No, there is something which I wish to find out.
Rui: I am seeking answers. I wish to know if the path I chose in the past was indeed the right one...
Marina: Answers, huh...?
Marina: I'm not sure what answers you're looking for, but I hope you find them.
Rui: Yes. I do as well.
