1311_Rui Yashio_R4 The Answer I Found

Gacha phrase: What it leads to is "conceit" and "complacency."

<What I Envisioned>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Alright, we're doing the new song, everyone! Let's do it~!
Tsukushi & Nanami: Yeah~!
Rui: ...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Boom, boom, tatata... Huh? Oh, that's wrong.
Tsukushi: Hm... This song's pretty hard, huh, Nanami-chan?
Nanami: Huh? Oh, yeah... It's tough. I'm struggling with it, too~.
Mashiro: Really? You sounded like you had it down, though...
Rui: ... So this is what our first attempt sounds like. Just as I predicted.
Toko: Ahhh~! I can't keep up at all~!
Toko: Rui, what the heck is this part?! The fingerings here are stupid hard!
Rui: I do not think I wrote anything particularly difficult... Although I suppose it may be difficult for you.
Toko: What...?
Mashiro: Is your part that hard, Toko-chan?
Toko: Pfft. As if. I could play this entire thing in seconds flat! Just you watch. Rui, don’t think you've won just because of this phrase, you got that?
Rui: ... You changed your tune quite quickly.
(Black cut)
Toko: Ahh! I messed up again! I'm close, though. Really close.
Mashiro: Toko-chan...
Rui: ... Enough. I will rewrite the song.
Toko: Huh?
Rui: We are limited on time. If we cannot practice properly, then rather than wasting time on that phrase, just simplifying it would be faster.
Toko: W-wait, wait! I just said I'd have it down soon, didn't I?
Rui: You have been saying that this entire time, but you still cannot play your part... Am I wrong?
Rui: It will not be the song I had envisioned, but I suppose it cannot be helped at this point.
Mashiro: Huh...?
Rui: Let us practice the rest of the song. I will make adjustments later.
Toko: I said, wait!
Rui: ... Do you still have something to say?
Toko: I'm saying you don't have to change the song. With how good I am, I'll have this song down perfectly by showtime.
Rui: And you expect me to believe that?
Toko: I'm. Telling. You...!
Mashiro: ... But Rui-san, you actually wish Toko-chan could play that phrase, right?
Rui: ...?
Mashiro: You seemed kind of disappointed that you'd have to change the song... So that means you'd prefer the song this way, right?
Mashiro: I think we should aim to make this song as good as it can be. I-I know that might make things tougher for Toko-chan, but...
Tsukushi: M-me too...!
Nanami: Shiro-chan gets my vote, too~... Are you really okay with settling for less, Rui-rui?
Rui: ...
Toko: Right? That's what I was trying to say!
Toko: If you changed the song, we'd all be disappointed every time we had to play it since we knew it was better before!
Toko: Songs that get you pumped up? Awesome! But songs that make you feel down? No thanks, I don't want that.
Nanami: That's... not exactly what I meant~...
Rui: ... Looking at it realistically, I do not think our current practice schedule will be sufficient.
Toko: Sigh~. You totally don't get it~! I'm telling you, I can handle it!
Mashiro: B-but how, though...?
Tsukushi: I-I bet she means she'll practice on her own, right? Which means we'll help you out too, Toko-chan!
Nanami: Nice~, that means we're going overtime on practice, right? That totally sounds like a normal band thing to do~!
Rui: ... Fine. If you all would prefer this song at what I consider its best, then so be it.
Tsukushi: Okay! That's the spirit!
Rui: I held back on including anything particularly technical in this song, but if we are going to increase our practice hours, I suppose including such things might be worth a try.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Huh...?
Mashiro: Does that mean... you're going to make the other parts harder, too...?
Rui: Yes. You said you wanted this song at its best, after all.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: What~?!
Toko: Aw, don't sweat it! We've got this in the bag, right?
Tsukushi: Y-yeah! It wouldn't be worth doing otherwise!
Mashiro: R-really...?
Nanami: Ahaha. Let's do this, everyone~!
Rui: ... Ha.
Rui: ... ?
Rui: (... Why did I laugh just now?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Feelings I Could Not Discard>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Riverside]

Rui: Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: R-Rui-chan...?!
Rui: ... Is something the matter?
Marina: N-no! Everything's good!
Marina: What're you up to today? Heading to the café for some tea? Oh, is that a score you were looking at...?
Rui: Yes. I am looking over portions of this song my band members are struggling with.
Rui: Analyzing these problem points is essential to holding efficient practice sessions, after all.
Marina: I-I see...
Rui: Is something on your mind?
Marina: Ah, sorry. I'd heard you almost quit Morfonica...
Marina: So seeing you being so earnest about music just made me really happy.
Rui: I thought your behavior seemed strange... I see I have caused you to worry. My apologies.
Marina: Oh, don't worry about it. It's not your fault.
Rui: ... I decided to quit Morfonica due to personal issues.
Rui: The reason I had joined in the first place was due to lingering reservations about music I still carried within me...
Rui: I had hoped to find answers to the questions I had from the day I decided to give up on music.
Rui: Did I make the right choice? If not, then what might have awaited me had I done something different?
Rui: I thought those girls might hold the answer for me, seeing how differently they think about things compared to me.
Rui: Because in spite of my own feelings towards music, I could not handle the weight of despair at my own incompetence... My answer was not sufficient.
Marina: So you quit because you didn't find the answer you were looking for...
Rui: Yes, because it seemed I was simply repeating past mistakes.
Rui: As I continued playing with Morfonica, I realized I was becoming complacent.
Rui: Which meant that inevitably, despair would find me again. That is why I decided to leave.
Marina: But you didn't, right? Did you find an answer in the end?
Rui: I do not think you could call it that.
Rui: But I have learned to accept certain feelings within me.
Rui: Such as my feelings towards music. Feelings that I tried so hard to discard, but could not.
Rui: If I cannot discard them, then all that is left is to find out what they mean.
Marina: What it means to play music, huh...?
Rui: Yes, though I cannot say for certain whether this choice in itself has meaning.
Rui: However, what I can say is that choosing to join Kurata-san and her friends was the correct decision.
Rui: With them... I think I can discover things I cannot find on my own.
Rui: Though I may still be disappointed in myself... I have met people who nonetheless choose to believe in themselves despite their shortcomings.
Marina: Yeah. I'm sure it'll all work out. You'll find what you're looking for.
Marina: I've seen lots of kids just like you who joined bands and found what they were looking for too, after all.
Rui: Indeed. I hope I do the same.
