1408_Rui Yashio_R2 Fashionable Tie

<Capable of Anything Together...?>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Toko: Thanks for the meal! Phew... Ugh, we've still got classes after recess~.
Rui: Before that, I believe there is something you need to explain to us.
Toko: Hm? What?
Rui: The wooden box you are carrying.
Tsukushi: You were the one who told us to look forward to you opening it after lunch, weren't you?
Mashiro: Yeah. I've been thinking about it this whole time we were eating...
Toko: Ah, this? I totally forgot!
Toko: And... Ta-da~!
Nanami: Oh, it's a box of monaka~.
Toko: The lady who helped us with the makeup booth sent these to me for us to share.
Tsukushi: Oh, that's right. You did say she was someone your family had connections with.
Toko: Yup. It's a give and take sorta deal, I guess.
Tsukushi: Your network really is huge, huh?
Mashiro: Yeah. I thought that plan for the makeup booth was totally impossible... Toko-chan, you're really amazing.
Toko: I know~. This is me we're talking about! Fufu, c'mon, keep those compliments coming~!
Tsukushi: Oh yeah. If we're talking amazing... Rui-san, you were amazing, too!
Rui: Me...?
Tsukushi: Yeah! You were a huge help in setting up TOCO, after all!
Nanami: As soon as you decided you were helping, you immediately wrote up a bunch of documents listing out all staff numbers and placements and stuff like that.
Mashiro: Not only that, but you made them really easy to read, too. I was so surprised.
Nanami: It was as perfect a plan as you can get~.
Toko: Wh-Whoa, what happened to talking about me~?! And besides, with documents, you can just write them up like whatever, right?
Rui: Sigh... Our staff numbers were exactly adequate for the event. Even you should be able to recognize that those numbers were not simply calculated, "like whatever".
Toko: Ugh...
Nanami: Toko-chan~.
Toko: I know, I know~... You were actually a total lifesaver.
Tsukushi: You really think of Rui-san as a rival, don't you?
Toko: N-No, I don't! I mean, if we're talking event prep, then I-
Mashiro: You were amazing, too, Toko-chan.
Toko: Right~?! Tell everyone else more about how awesome I am, Shiro!
Mashiro: I mentioned it before, but I'm not good at organizing people...
Mashiro: Toko-chan, at least half of the people that came to help work at TOCO were your friends, right?
Toko: Nope. All of 'em.
Tsukushi: All of them?! Including the sound lady and the girl in charge of lighting?
Toko: I met them at some of our past concerts, and they told me they were into that sorta stuff. So I shot them a "Please!" and they agreed to help.
Tsukushi: O-Oh... They all looked so experienced, I assumed they were pros...
Rui: I was also planning on hiring professionals to handle backstage work for the event.
Rui: But seeing as how Kirigaya-san secured help before I was able to, I instead judged how many people would be necessary for each booth and left the placement of staff to Kirigaya-san's judgment.
Rui: After all, it would stand to reason that Kirigaya-san, being a friend of all of the staff, would know best where to have each person work.
Nanami: I see~.
Nanami: So Rui-rui's planning skills are amazing, but Toko-chan's initiative and people skills are amazing too~.
Tsukushi: Actually, if the two of you joined forces, you might be capable of anything.
Toko: Joined forces?! Me and Rui?! No, no way!! Never!!
Rui: Agreed. I would like to avoid working together with Kirigaya-san at all costs, if possible.
Toko: What? Hearing that from you is kinda annoying.
Rui: You expressed your distaste first, though.
Toko: I know, but that doesn't mean it's any less annoying!
Mashiro: U-Um. Please don't fight, you two...
Tsukushi: Yeah, the chances of Rui-san and Toko-chan joining forces are pretty low, huh...
Nanami: Yup~.


<A Step toward Harmony>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Alright, that takes care of our shopping list... Oh! Rui-chan!
Rui: Tsukishima-san. {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Hi there. Did Morfonica have practice today?
Rui: A short one, yes. We decided to keep it brief because we had quite a large-scale event the other day.
Marina: You're talking about TOCO, right? I heard the concert you did during it went really well.
Marina: Lots of people coming to CiRCLE have been telling me about it.
Rui: I see. Thank you.
Marina: From what I hear, you were in charge of preparing everything for the concert, weren't you?
Rui: Yes. Though I had my misgivings due to our lack of time to prepare, I am glad it did not end up being a second-rate affair.
Marina: You were that short on time?
Rui: Kirigaya-san conceived the event on what was essentially a whim.
Marina: Oh... It must've been tough preparing for the event and practicing for your concert at the same time on such short notice.
Rui: Indeed. Still...
Rui: Perhaps it was due to the lack of time, but everyone seemed particularly focused during our practice sessions.
Rui: Especially Kirigaya-san. I was surprised she maintained her focus all the way up until the actual event.
Rui: I also think that having to secure equipment on our own and performing at an outdoor venue were positive experiences.
Rui: After all, there are many differences in acoustics that can only be discovered through performing on your own.
Marina: Yup. You have to take a completely different approach to things when playing outdoors.
Rui: Yes. In addition, the event space itself being unique resulted in the need for an even more thorough group discussion about proper staging than has been the norm.
Marina: Sounds like TOCO was a good learning experience for Morfonica, huh?
Marina: Playing at live houses is great and all, but expanding your horizons like you have this time might be good for you too.
Rui: True... Still, I do not wish to ever have to deal with such a schedule again when performing.
Marina: Must've been pretty rough if even you're saying that...
Marina: Wait a second. I could've sworn Toko-chan said she wanted to do something again...
Rui: What Kirigaya-san wishes to do is her business and her business alone. It does not concern me.
Marina: Ahaha... I can sense your determination not to get roped in again...
Rui: Well then, I must excuse myself. It is time to return home for violin practice.
Marina: Ah, sorry for holding you up then. Good luck.
Rui: Thank you. Farewell.
Marina: ... Making even Rui-chan say things like that... Looks like Toko-chan's the real deal, huh?
