1423_Rui Yashio_R4 Blooming Ocean Flowers

Gacha phrase: ... I suppose it does.

<Unchanging, Yet...>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Rui: Hello.
Toko: Heya, Rui!
Rui: Kirigaya-san? How rare for you to join us on time.
Toko: Chill out, I'm not always late...!  Do you have to make jabs at everything?
Rui: I simply stated the truth. Are you aware of how many times you were late this month?
Toko: Here we go again! Shiro even prepar- Ah, drat.
Rui: What's this about Kurata-san?
Mashiro: Ngh...
Nanami: Do it now, Shiro-chan! Rui-rui is looking at you!
Mashiro: B-but...
Tsukushi: Don't worry! If something happens, I'll back you up!
Mashiro: O-okay... Umm, Rui-san...!
Rui: What is it?
Mashiro: The other day, Tsukushi-chan and I made beaded bracelets together.
Mashiro: They turned out pretty cute, so I made one for everyone. And, umm... well...
Rui: ...?
Mashiro: Th-this one is for you, Rui-san. What do you think...?
Rui: ...
Mashiro: I-I know you probably don't want it...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, don't give up so quickly!
Mashiro: B-but...
Tsukushi: Hey, Rui-san. You're going to be helping Kaoru-senpai out with something soon, right?
Tsukushi: We can't go with you, so we made this to show you our support!
Nanami: We all got one too, Rui-rui~. See? We're matching!
Toko: It's almost wasted on you, Rui~. Not only are they cute, but they each match our own individual styles.
Tsukushi: Fu, fu, fu. Mashiro-chan and I worked on them together~.
Mashiro: Y-yes. We were thinking about you all...
Nanami: Thanks so much, you two. Boy, matching with someone sure is nice. It feels like we're true friends.
Rui: I see.
Mashiro: U-umm, Rui-san, do you like it...?
Rui: ...
Toko: Listen, I know you might call them pointless, Rui, but-
Rui: Very well.
Toko: This kinda thing is- Wait, what? Does that mean you'll accept it?! Seriously?!
Tsukushi, Mashiro & Nanami: ...!
Rui: Why is everyone so surprised? You are the ones who approached me about this.
Toko: Well... Ah-ahaha...
Mashiro: U-umm...
Tsukushi: You see...
Nanami: We thought you'd call the bracelet meaningless and turn it down, Rui-rui.
Toko: Hush, Nanami!
Nanami: So we were brainstorming strategies to persuade you to take it~.
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry, Rui-san. She's telling the truth...
Tsukushi: Yeah... We were thinking of telling you it's a magical bracelet that improves your playing.
Rui: Did you really think that would work?
Toko: Our bad! But can you blame us? You're always saying stuff like that, so it's only natural we'd assume you wouldn't want it.
Rui: You're right. I will not deny that.
Rui: I do not foresee anything changing just because I received this bracelet.
Mashiro: I-I knew it...
Tsukushi: Then why did you accept it?
Rui: I do not mind wearing it as there is no downside, that's all. I will remove it when performing, obviously.
Rui: ... Even though this item does not mean anything to me, I imagine it means something to you.
Rui: Therefore, I will accept it.
Mashiro: Rui-san...!
Mashiro: Yes! It does mean something to us...!
Nanami: Isn't that nice, Shiro-chan?
Toko: Way to go, Shiro!
Mashiro: Yeah... Yeah! Thank you, Rui-san.
Rui: Why are you thanking me? I am the one receiving the gift. I do not recall doing anything worthy of gratitude.
Mashiro: Ehehe... Still, I want to say thank you.


<Beyond Correctness>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Hmm, which flowers should we pick...? Ah, Rui-chan.
Rui: Ah, hello, Tsukishima-san and {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hiya. Out shopping?
Rui: Yes. Are the two of you looking to buy some flowers?
Marina: We are. We're replacing the ones in CiRCLE's lobby and dressing room.
Marina: Spring's almost here, so we're looking for something that evokes the season.
Rui: I see.
Marina: Say, Rui-chan. Which flowers would you like to see in a dressing room before a show?
Marina: If there are specific ones that get you excited for a performance, I'd love to hear about them.
Rui: Flowers do not influence my ability to play.
Rui: ... That being said, I will say the ones here qualify as beautiful.
Marina: Mm-hmm, they're all really nice, aren't they? I'm sure people would enjoy seeing them at CiRCLE.
Rui: Is that so...? No, perhaps you are right.
Marina: Rui-chan...? Are you okay?
Rui: ... In the past, I would have deemed flowers and decorations pointless since they have no bearing on my performance or state of mind.
Rui: However, I recently learned that there are people who take delight in and draw strength from such things.
Rui: If displaying flowers brings those individuals joy, then perhaps doing so has merit.
Rui: ... Somehow, I have come to think this way.
Marina: Are these people you're talking about the Morfonica girls?
Rui: Although they naturally belong in the same category, I am not referring to just them.
Rui: ... Recently, I took part in a cruise to assist Seta-san, and Sato-san from RAS took issue with how I conducted myself.
Rui: She claimed I lacked heart and compassion, insisting that doing what is logical is not what is the most important.
Marina: O-oh. So, what did you think about that, Rui-chan?
Rui: ... I act according to whatever I believe to be correct. As such, the old me would most likely have concluded that Sato-san's methods are misguided.
Rui: However... I found myself accepting that her approach could also be considered correct.
Marina: Huh... I'd have to agree with you that neither side's wrong.
Marina: Though I'd like to add that caring about what's important to someone else is an example of you being considerate, Rui-chan.
Rui: Is that so?
Marina: Yep. At least, that's what I think.
Rui: ... I see.
Marina: ... I know! Why don't you help us pick some flowers, Rui-chan?
Rui: Me...? I have no expertise in such matters, however.
Marina: That's fine. Whatever you choose while thinking of others will put a smile on someone's face.
Rui: ... Very well. Just one flower then.
