1530_Rui Yashio_R4 Enchanted by That Sound

Gacha phrase: I have the score fully memorized.

<The Meaning of Inviting>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Mmm~, I am so on a roll! I totally nailed that performance, didn't I?
Toko: Our atelier show's pretty much a guaranteed hit now! Seriously~, it's scary to think of how much raw talent I've got~.
Tsukushi: There you go again becoming so full of yourself so easily~. It's still too early to be satisfied.
Tsukushi: We have a whole week until the concert. If we practice hard, I know we'll be able to play even better than now!
Nanami: Aren't you pretty happy with how things went, though, Tsu-chan?
Nanami: There's no hiding it from me~. I saw that fist pump when we finished playing~.
Tsukushi: U-uh...
Mashiro: Fufu... I hope Kasumi-san and everyone who comes will enjoy our show.
Toko: They will for sure! I can already see Sayo-san clapping as tears stream down her face!
Toko: Let's show the people we've invited what we're made of!
Rui: It is too early to be taking a break, all of you.
Rui: As Futaba-san said, there is still time until the concert. We should refrain from idle chatter and use this time to improve the quality of our performance instead.
Toko: Whoa, we both know you're also feeling pretty good about how we just played~. Patting yourself on the back won't kill you, you know?
Toko: Keep it up, and you should be able to impress Rinko-san!
Rui: ... What exactly is that supposed to mean?
Toko: No need to play dumb! You invited her so that you can show her how good you are, right?
Toko: And to think you were all like "I have nobody to invite~." You're so not honest with yourself~.
Rui: ... I simply changed my mind because I determined there is merit to inviting her.
Tsukushi: What do you mean by merit?
Rui: Shirokane-san is a musician with a great degree of skill at performing. Her thoughts will be of value when it comes to future performances.
Rui: That is why I decided to invite her.
Tsukushi: Ahaha... That reason does sound very you.
Toko: Whatever. You're just making excuses. Just admit it. You wanna show off in front of her, right?
Rui: Sigh. You are certainly persistent. Kurata-san, kindly translate my statement for Kirigaya-san, please.
Mashiro: M-me~?!
Nanami: Ahaha... I can see why Toko-chan feels the way she does though.
Nanami: It feels like your music's really intense lately, Rui-rui, and I can't help but wonder if something's happened.
Toko: That's exactly what I'm talking about! Your music sounds like it's got spirit~.
Tsukushi: It really does. There's this sort of incredible strength behind it that makes it stay in my head even after practice.
Mashiro: Mm-hmm... The scenery I see when I hear you play these days is different from before, Rui-san.
Tsukushi: Different?
Mashiro: Yes... Before, it used to be notes made of pure light flying out of her violin and guiding us.
Mashiro: But there's more now... The shining notes are confidently flying around as they make their way toward something that lies beyond the blue sky.
Mashiro: And they're taking our notes higher and higher with them... That's how it feels to me, anyway.
Tsukushi: You always have such interesting metaphors, Mashiro-chan, but I think I get it.
Rui: ... You are all free to perceive what you wish. If that is what you have heard, that is what is true for you.
Rui: However, that does not mean my stance toward practice has changed.
Rui: I will continue doing whatever must be done to achieve harmony when we perform onstage.
Nanami: Oh, okay~. I was sure your music felt a bit different though.
Toko: So does it mean you're not interested at all in showing off, Rui?
Rui: Correct. That said...
Mashiro: That said?
Rui: Our entire audience will be comprised of individuals we have invited.
Rui: That makes them people who are going to be making time to come to this atelier for our sake.
Rui: Therefore, I believe we owe them a performance that will not be subpar.
Tsukushi: Doesn't that mean...?
Toko: Called it! You do wanna show off! Getting you to admit the truth really is like pulling teeth~.
Rui: Not wanting to give a subpar performance is not the same as wishing to "show off."
Nanami: Fufu... Well, I think it doesn't really matter either way.
Nanami: What's important is that we're all looking forward to our atelier show. Right, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Right...!
Rui: Then let us resume practicing. As I said earlier, it is still too early to rest.
Tsukushi: Agreed! Let's practice hard for our show~!
Toko & Nanami & Mashiro: Yeah~!  Y-yeah~.


<The Reason for Resuming>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Edogawa Music]

Marina: Now we just need to buy these shielded cables... Good, that should be everything we need now.
Rui: Hello, Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Rui-chan! Hi. Are you shopping too?
Rui: Yes, for violin strings.
Rui: I am ensuring I will have enough stocked because I intend to devote additional time to practice.
Marina: Oh~, you seem fired up~. Did something happen?
Rui: I am not sure I would refer to my state as "fired up," but it is undeniable that I have had a change of heart.
Rui: There is a sound that I have finally decided to pursue once more.
Marina: A sound?
Rui: It is a sound I used to aim for when I was younger.
Rui: However, it eluded me no matter how hard I practiced, so I eventually gave up the chase at a certain point.
Marina: I see... That's a pretty tough one.
Marina: I've been there too. There was a time when I practiced really hard in order to play like my favorite band's guitarist.
Rui: ... In my case, I had that sound in my grasp at one point.
Rui: Words cannot describe the frustration of being unable to recreate what was once mine.
Marina: Ah... If you don't mind me asking, what made you decide to try again?
Rui: Most likely... it is the desire to become someone I can be proud of.
Rui: Perhaps even praise my past self for continuing to practice in an effort to reach that sound.
Rui: I am well aware that these motivations are quite uncharacteristic of me.
Marina: Not at all. If you ask me, those are great reasons.
Marina: I'm not sure it's okay to throw around a phrase like "ideal sound," but reaching the point where you can play something like that isn't going to be easy.
Marina: Just because you try, it doesn't mean you'll be able to either.
Rui: ... Indeed.
Marina: No matter how hard things get, never stop believing you'll get there someday because the only way you ever will is to keep playing.
Marina: I'll be wishing you the best and hoping the day comes when you make that sound your own.
Rui: ... Thank you very much.
Rui: Anyhow, I should go now.
Marina: Alright, see you.
