1590_Rui Yashio_R3 Dark-Haired Mermaid

Gacha phrase: I do not believe I require your permission.

<A Glimpse of Emerging Bonds>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall]

Hagumi: Ah! It's Rui-rui!
Kaoru: Greetings, my little kitten. I suppose fate must be in a mischievous mood for us to meet in a place such as this.
Rui: Good day, Kitazawa-san, Seta-san.
Kaoru: Where might the summer winds be guiding you?
Rui: I am on my way to the bookstore.
Hagumi: You are? What book are you gonna buy?
Rui: I will be traveling to a river with Morfonica soon, so I was considering buying a book on riverside activities... as well as one on camping.
Rui: As our destination is in the mountains, it is likely that we may lose cellular service. So I believe I should research information beforehand in case of an emergency.
Kaoru: Magnificent! It would seem that you are endowed with the gift of foresight.
Hagumi: Rui-rui, you're so smart~!
Rui: I do not believe it is that significant.
Hagumi: If we'd prepared as well as you, our last Hello, Happy World! Meeting might've gone a lot smoother!
Rui: Hello, Happy World! Meeting...?
Kaoru: Indeed. We were discussing our next concert when Kokoro suddenly proclaimed that she wished to make a plastic model.
Kaoru: Following some special preparation, we created a plastic model of Michelle... However, it was quite a difficult undertaking.
Hagumi: We had no idea which parts went together~! We all thought as hard as we could, but by the time we put it together, it was already nighttime~.
Rui: You constructed a plastic model in a meeting for a concert...? I do not understand how it would come to that, but... did you not have an instruction manual?
Hagumi: We did have one! But none of us realized that until we were done making it!
Kaoru: I have heard that across the seas there are puckish fairies that hide people's belongings.
Kaoru: It may have been that one of those mischief-loving fairies concealed the instructions from us.
Hagumi: What?! I didn't notice the fairies at all! I would've loved to meet one of them~.
Kaoru: Fufu, I share your sentiment, Hagumi.
Kaoru: And it is for that reason we wandered into a maze of time with said plastic model in hand.
Kaoru: ... That being said, thanks to it, we enjoyed a most fleeting time.
Rui: I do not quite understand what you mean.
Kaoru: It is precisely because you do not know the correct method that you work together with others to accomplish something, is it not?
Kaoru: You share a time rich with trial and error and hardships. That then becomes an irreplaceable bond.
Rui: A bond...?
Hagumi: I think I know what you mean!
Hagumi: We all talked about how to put the model together and tried a bunch of different ways... When we completed it, I felt so happy!
Kaoru: Ahh! Just recalling that causes my heart to tremble!
Rui: ...
Hagumi: ... Rui-rui? What's wrong?
Rui: I am now considering not buying the books.
Hagumi: Huh? How come?
Rui: While I am unable to fully understand your account just now, I see there is some worth to be found in such labor...
Rui: That is because, after listening to the two of you, I believe that Kirigaya-san and the others are likely the same type of people.
Rui: This camp we are going on is for relaxation. So, this time, I think I shall follow their stance on the matter.
Kaoru: So you would choose the path that would allow the others to be the most jovial... You care a great deal for your companions.
Rui: That is not exactly the case.
Rui: If they are unable to fully relax while camping, and that then lowers the quality of our practice, it would defeat the purpose of the camp.
Kaoru: Fufu... The benefit of the band is ultimately to the benefit of your bandmates... How fleeting...
Rui: Now then, I will be excusing myself.
Kaoru: Oh dear, are you leaving us already?
Kaoru: It was surely fate that we met here. Would you not permit me to invite you to a wonderful afternoon teatime, little kitten?
Hagumi: Great idea! I know of a café with tasty cakes!
Rui: I am sorry, but I must practice on my own.
Kaoru: It is sometimes essential to partake in a leisurely moment's rest in a café.
Kaoru: In the words of Shakespeare... "To climb steep hills requires slow pace at first."
Rui: ...
Hagumi: Mhm! Having tea together would definitely be a lot of fun!
Rui: ... Very well. Then I shall accompany you both for a short while.


<Somewhere Closer, Please>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Sigh~. I'm glad we finished work early today... Huh? Isn't that Rui-chan over there?
Marina: Hey~, Rui-chan~!
Rui: Tsukishima-san. {{userName}}-san. Good day.
Marina: It's nice to see you. Are you going to band practice now?
Rui: Yes, that is the plan.
Marina: You're working as hard as always! By the way, we heard from Toko-chan. You girls went on a trip out to a river the other day, huh?
Marina: She showed us some pictures. You all looked like you had fun.
Rui: Yes. I believe we were able to accomplish our goal.
Marina: Your goal?
Rui: It was to improve the quality of our band practice by going somewhere amusing for a change of mood.
Rui: In actuality, since going out to the river, I believe we have produced good results during our practice sessions.
Marina: It's important to refresh yourselves, after all.
Rui: Yes. I understand the necessity of relaxation, so I do not intend to oppose the idea. However...
Rui: I also think that taking large-scale respites, such as going to a river, each time is inefficient.
Rui: Spending too much time on travel and preparation and then becoming fatigued defeats the original purpose.
Rui: The next time we require relaxation, I would like to accomplish it somewhere closer.
Marina: I see, I see. I have to say though, I was surprised to find out that you're more on board with this than I thought.
Rui: ... I am merely saying that if going on a trip of relaxation will bring about a positive influence on the band's activities, then I will follow everyone's lead.
Marina: Mhm, that's not so bad, right? Just pushing yourself to do your best isn't everything, after all.
Rui: ... I suppose so.
Marina: Anyway, I'm looking forward to hearing the newly-refreshed Morfonica perform at a show.
Rui: Thank you very much. Now then, it is nearly time for our practice.
Marina: Sorry to have held you up. Do your best in practice!
Rui: Goodbye.
