1609_Rui Yashio_R4 Dusk, Wearing a Yukata

Gacha phrase: ... What is it about festivals that makes them entertaining?

<Summer Festival Embargo? Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Rui: Futaba-san, the drums should sound even more prominent so we can make a smooth transition into the next section.
Tsukushi: O-okay...! I'll try to pay more attention to it. Thank you!
Toko: Hmm~...
Nanami: Hey, Shiro-chan. About the chorus, do you think I should lower the volume on the base~?
Mashiro: N-no! Actually, maybe I'm the one who should try to stand out more there...
Toko: Hmm~...
Rui: ... Kirigaya-san, you have been making noises for a while. Is there a problem?
Toko: It's less a problem... and more like having too much free time!
Tsukushi: Too much free time?! There's plenty to do~! We have to get this song perfect this month, remember?
Toko: I know~! Anyway, it's not that!
Toko: We don't have any shows lined up for a while, right?! And there are no fun events to go to either~... I'm bored~!
Rui: Having no upcoming events is precisely the reason why I think we should focus our efforts on practicing.
Toko: You still don't get it~! It's at times like these there's only one thing to do!
Mashiro: There is...?
Toko: Shiro, you don't get it either? Man~... When you're not feeling things, you've gotta take a break!
Rui: It is not that you are not doing well, it is purely a lack of your own technical skill.
Toko: Nope, I'm not listening! Now then, Shiro! You know of any fun events going down?!
Mashiro: M-me...? I-I can't think when you put me on the spot...
Nanami: Ah, by the way, I think I saw that the shrine near school is having a festival next week~.
Tsukushi: I've been to that one with my sisters. It was fun. There were lots of stalls.
Toko: Whoa, a festival?! Nice! Well, it's decided. We're all heading to the festival next week!
Toko: We'll meet at my house and change into yukata!
Mashiro: Ahaha... I guess it was already decided we'd go in yukata.
Nanami: Going to a festival with friends wearing yukata, huh~? Yeah, that totally sounds like something teenagers would do~.
Rui: You all plan on going to that festival?
Tsukushi: Huh? No, I was just thinking what if we went~...
Mashiro: Y-yes. We can't go have fun when the song isn't finished yet...
Toko: Huh? What are you two blabbing about? You just said you were going!
Tsukushi: T-Toko-chan! You need to understand what Rui-san is really saying!
Mashiro: She's angry that we're talking about doing something fun when we haven't even finished the song yet...!
Toko: Oh~, gotcha. Then all I've gotta do is change her mind!
Tsukushi: It's easy to say that, but this is Rui-san where talking about...
Toko: But I'm the one that's gonna be doing the convincing, right? Give me two seconds, and she'll be onboard!
Toko: Hey, Rui, have you even been to a festival before?
Rui: Not that I can remember. I never felt the need to.
Toko: Well then, you've gotta go at least once! They're great!
Rui: ... What is it about festivals that makes them entertaining?
Toko: Well~... there are a lot of stalls~... and people~... They're just incredible!
Rui: That was a fairly vague answer...
Toko: S-so?! I've only been once with my grandma when I was little!
Toko: I remember it being super fun... But for some reason, my grandma banned me from going to any more festivals after that~...
Tsukushi: You probably did something you shouldn't have...
Toko: Anyway! You're up now, Fusuke! Tell Rui how awesome festivals are!
Tsukushi: D-don't dump this on me! But it's like you said, there are all kinds of stalls! You can do goldfish scooping, and shooting galleries...
Rui: How is that fun?
Tsukushi: I-it's hard to explain when you ask like that...
Nanami: A-and there are all kinds of food there too~. There's shaved ice, yakisoba, and takoyaki!
Rui: I think you can eat those kinds of foods without going to a festival, though.
Mashiro: Th-that's true... But the atmosphere is different... When you eat surrounded by the excitement of a festival, the food tastes better than usual...
Rui: I am not sure I understand the relationship between ambiance and taste.
Mashiro: Ohh... N-never mind...
Rui: ... Well, it does not matter.
Rui: We should end this conversation here. We have work to do now. You all know that, right?
Mashiro: Instead of talking about the festival, you're saying we should finish the song, aren't you...?
Rui: Yes, that is exactly what I am saying.
Nanami: I guess in the end, our festival plans got brushed aside after all~.
Mashiro: I wanted to go with everyone... but what Rui-san said is right too...
Toko: Don't worry, guys! I've got an ace up my sleeve!
Nanami: Oh, Toko-chan to the rescue. Have you figured out a good way to make things work~?
Toko: Of course I have! Leave it to me, and you won't be sorry!
Tsukushi: That's a bit worrying...


<Summer Festival Embargo? Pt. 2>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Kirigaya Residence - Toko's Room]

Tsukushi: Whaaat?!
Mashiro: So your plan is to just sneak to the festival without Rui-san knowing...?
Toko: Yeah. Isn't it a great idea?
Nanami: Hmm~... Well, Rui-rui probably won't come to the festival, so I guess we'll be okay as long as she doesn't catch us...
Tsukushi: I'm really worried about this plan...
Mashiro: But our yukata are ready. It kind of feels like it would be a shame not to go.
Toko: Exactly! And besides, Nanami brought some good stuff!
Mashiro: Wow, these hairpins are so cute...! Can I borrow this one?
Nanami: Of course! I brought a bunch from my house~. Use whichever ones you like~!
Tsukushi: Let me know which ones you choose! I studied what kinds of hairstyles go well with yukata just for today!
Nanami: Maybe this one would look good on you, Shiro-chan~. I brought some that would look nice on Rui-rui too-
Rui: ... I could hear you talking about me.
Mashiro, Toko, Nanami & Tsukushi: ...?!
Toko: R-Rui... why are you here...?
Rui: Why? You know why.
Toko: Ugh...
Mashiro: Wh-what are we going to do...?! Rui-san has definitely come to stop us from going to the festival...!
Tsukushi: The hairpins are on the desk... There's no other way to explain this~...
Nanami: I bet this must be how a deer caught in the headlights feels~.
Toko: Guess I've got no choice! I'm gonna set her straight right here, right now!
Mashiro: T-Toko-chan looks more dependable than ever...!
Tsukushi: I-I wonder...
Rui: ... Everyone.
Toko: Stop! Wait! You don't need to say a word! I know what you wanna say!
Rui: ... Do you really?
Toko: Oh, I know alright! You're gonna say there's something we've gotta do before we can go to the festival, right?!
Rui: ... Well, yes.
Toko: But we've been thinking really hard about this!
Toko: After today's festival is over, I'm gonna work so hard that I'll play perfectly by the next band practice!
Rui: ... Oh?
Toko: Nanami's gonna make some waaay cool accessories for the next show!
Nanami: I didn't say that... But I'll work hard to make them if we can go to the festival~.
Toko: Fusuke's gonna practice a killer drum technique and show it off during the interlude!
Tsukushi: Whaaat?!
Toko: Shiro's gonna rework the lyrics for the new song. She says you're gonna cry when you see 'em!
Mashiro: I-I never said that! There's no way I can do something like that!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan! Don't make weird promises on your own like that!
Toko: You guys don't wanna go to the festival?! If we're gonna change Rui's mind, then this is the kinda stuff we've gotta say...!
Rui: ... Is that so?
Toko: ...
Toko: I know I'm asking a huge favor, but please let us go to the festival!
Tsukushi: So in the end, you're just going to beg?! And haven't you already used a lifetime's worth of "huge favors"?!
Rui: ... To begin with, I never said anything about not going to the festival.
Mashiro, Toko, Nanami & Tsukushi: ... Huh?
Toko's Grandmother: Yashio-san, please come this way. Your yukata is ready.
Mashiro, Toko, Nanami & Tsukushi: ...
Mashiro: Um... Were you planning on going to the festival too?
Rui: Yes. I think the imagery of a summer night would be helpful when making our next song.
Nanami: Ah, is that why you asked so many questions about festivals...?
Rui: Since I have never been to one, I asked about them because I thought your impressions of festivals would be helpful.
Toko: B-but you said there are things we've gotta do before we can go to one!
Rui: Yes, I did. I said that because it appeared you had not changed into your yukata yet.
Tsukushi: Then what about at our last practice when you told us to stop talking about going to a festival and finish the song...?
Rui: That was our time to complete the song, so we should have been focusing on that rather than spending it talking about festivals, no?
Tsukushi: S-so that's what you meant...
Nanami: Well, there were a lot of misunderstandings, but I guess everything's good now~.
Mashiro: Yeah, we can go to the festival together...!
Toko: Sigh~... I feel like I said too much... I even called in a big favor...
Rui: More importantly, about what you said earlier. I guess in our next practice I can expect a little more of you, right?
Toko: Ugh...
Nanami: You did say you would play perfectly~.
Tsukushi & Mashiro: Ahaha...
Toko: D-did I really say that...?
Mashiro: Yes.
Tsukushi: Sometimes you have to follow through on what you say!
Nanami: Didn't you say you'd play the song flawlessly and floor Rui-rui with an amazing guitar technique during the interlude?
Toko: Wait, I never said all that!
Rui: ... If we don't hurry, we really will be late.
