1643_Rui Yashio_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: ... This actually works reasonably well.

<Nutritionally Complete Birthday>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Rui-san, Happy Birthday! We all made a feast, so please eat lots!
Rui: ... Come to think of it, today is my birthday. I had forgotten.
Nanami: Ahaha. It's just like you were saying, Toko-chan~. Our surprise was a success~.
Toko: Right~? I figured she was gonna say that! By the way, I'm the one who made the simmered sea bream!
Rui: I have already prepared lunch for myself.
Mashiro: Huh? Did you make your lunch...?
Toko: In that case, you can just lay it out with the food we made, right? What'd you bring?
Rui: I have been having this for lunch as of late.
Tsukushi: "Perfect Bread"...? Ah, is this one of those nutritionally balanced meals? The ones where you can get all your nutrients for a single meal with just this...
Rui: Correct. Obtaining my required nutrients while reducing my meal time is a large merit.
Toko: Well, just forget that whole time reduction thing for today! Give the simmered fish I made a try! I'll try out that hard-looking bread.
Rui: I believe I said that aside from the time reduction, my goal is to get my required nutrients.
Rui: If I share this with you now, it will cause an offset in my targeted nutrients for the day. As such, I have no intention of trading it.
Toko: Don't worry about that! Today's your birthday, after all! Okay, I'll trade you my simmered fish for it!
Rui: ... It would seem you are failing to grasp my intent.
Nanami: Ahaha... So, Toko-chan. How does the Perfect Bread taste~?
Toko: Ugh, it's so hard! What is this?! It's seriously like steel! The flavor isn't bad, but it's kinda dry. Here, Shiro. Have a taste.
Mashiro: Huh? Me? Um... Hmm. It seems... a little bland.
Tsukushi: Are those grains chia seeds? They might be popular among health-minded customers...
Rui: The purpose of a meal is not to taste good, but to replenish nutrients, is it not?
Tsukushi: Hmm... Wouldn't that depend on the person?
Toko: Hey, I just thought of something good! If you dipped this bread in the simmered fish broth, wouldn't that solve the dryness?!
Rui: ... It would seem there is no use in me saying anything.
Mashiro: R-Rui-san gave in... But would bread and simmered fish go together...?
Rui: ... This actually works reasonably well.
Mashiro: Huh? Really...?!
Toko: Of course! After all, I'm the one that made it!
Rui: That is merely a coincidence. This will be the only time I eat in this way.


<Only Efficiency Matters>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Rui Yashio)

[Shopping Mall]

Ako: Hm? That person over there. Is that... Hey~, Rui~!
Rui: Udagawa-san, you should refrain from raising your voice in a store.
Ako: Ah! Ehehe... Sorry, sorry.
Ako: More importantly, Happy Birthday~! You seem like you've gotten even more mature!
Rui: ... Thank you. Did you hear about my birthday from Kurata-san?
Ako: Yeah! She said Morfonica's gonna have a birthday party for you!
Ako: By the way, this is a bakery... right? Did you come to buy a snack?
Rui: No. I merely came to purchase my lunch for next week.
Rui: Also, this is not a bakery. It is a shop that specializes in nutritionally balanced meals.
Ako: Nutritionally balanced meals...?! That kinda sounds like it would fully restore your HP!
Rui: ... I do not understand what you mean.
Ako: Whoa~. So they don't just sell bread, but donuts and pasta too! Rui, do you like this kind of food?
Rui: If it means I can obtain my necessary nutrients in a short amount of time, then these are preferable.
Ako: Hmm... Maybe I'll give them a try, too!
Ako: There's chocolate-flavored bread and maple-flavored cookies... Do you have a recommendation?
Rui: ... I cannot measure your preferences with my senses.
Ako: Hmm. Then what do you buy the most of?
Rui: I have only ever bought plain-flavored items.
Ako: ... Huh? You've only had that one kind?! But there are so many available...
Ako: You should try out a new flavor! Look. It seems like there's even a sampling corner over there!
Rui: No, thank you. I am fine with things as they have been.
Ako: But you might find something that's just as efficient as before but tastes even better.
Rui: ...
Rui: ... Very well. I shall give it a try.
Ako: Mhm! In that case, let's try these soy milk-flavored cookies! Let's eat!
Ako: ... Wow, they're chewy and good~! What do you think, Rui?
Rui: ... They have an excellent balance of sweetness and texture.
Rui: ... I will buy these today, as well.
Ako: Okay! I'm glad you seem to have liked them~! Why don't we take a look at some other stuff?!
Rui: No, this has been enough for today. I will go pay for my items now.
Ako: What?! W-wait~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
