1680_Rui Yashio_R4 Another Record And...

Gacha phrase: For the moment, these are my chocolates.

<Between Information and Memories>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

All: Thank you for the food!
Tsukushi: Phew~. I'm so full~. It's like I couldn't help eating more and more.
Nanami: Mhm. That's because everyone's chocolates were just so good~.
Nanami: Tsu-chan, your chocolate gateau was really rich... Right, Rui-rui?
Rui: Yes. I believe it was of comparable quality to those available for purchase in stores.
Tsukushi: Really?! Fufu. Well, in my hands, something like this is only natural!
Nanami: Also, Shiro-chan's chocolates had a really smooth texture.
Nanami: I felt like I could eat a whole bunch of those.
Mashiro: Th-thanks... It was thanks to you and Tsukushi-chan teaching me. I also got advice from Toko-chan's grandmother.
Toko: Shiro, you were totally spooked by my grandma~. You twitched every time she spoke to you!
Rui: True. She did nothing, yet you were strangely fearful of her.
Mashiro: That was because, uh... I saw her getting mad at Toko-chan. So I guess I got scared...
Mashiro: Nanami-chan's chocolates were delicious too. The caricatures were really good, so I took lots of pictures.
Tsukushi: Even Rui-san said they looked exactly like us.
Rui: I did. I believe you grasped each of our characteristics very well.
Nanami: Yay! I had trouble deciding what kind of chocolates I should make, but I'm glad you liked them~.
Toko: Hey, what about my chocolates?! Did you guys snap a lot of pics?
Nanami: Of course! They were just so colorful and pretty. See? Look. I took so many photos~.
Toko: That's my Nanami! Oh man~. No matter how often I see them, they're totally divine~.
Toko: You should totally hang onto those photos for the rest of your life! Someday they're gonna be on the same level as a cultural heritage! No doubt about it!
Mashiro: Ahaha... But they really were pretty. Just looking at them had me in an enjoyable mood.
Rui: True. They had a very splendid appearance.
Rui: It is said that cuisine is meant to be a feast not only for the palate but for the eyes as well. I believe that was very much the case for Kirigaya-san's chocolates.
Mashiro: ...! Rui-san just...
Tsukushi: Complemented Toko-chan...?!
Nanami: Ooh~. I think I just saw something rare.
Toko: What gives, Rui~? If you liked my chocolates that much, you should've said so sooner!
Rui: That is not the case. I merely stated the truth.
Toko: There you go again~. Hey, I know! Rui, want me to give you my signature?
Toko: You won't get the chance to get a signature from Super Chocolate Creator Toko-san in the future, y'know~?
Mashiro: S-Super Chocolate Creator?
Rui: I will pass.
Toko: There's no need for that! If you've got my signature, your decorating level will skyrocket!
Toko: Then, the next time you make chocolates, their taste and looks can reach god-like levels!
Mashiro: Ahaha... I don't think I can picture Rui-san decorating chocolates.
Tsukushi: Me neither. When it comes to Rui-san, she has a simple feeling about her. Her chocolates were really good~.
Mashiro: Yeah. They were so sweet and in my favorite flavor... Thinking about how she really knew my preference made me kind of happy.
Tsukushi: Right. I didn't think she understood our tastes that well.
Toko: You said it! She always seems like she's not interested, but she really does love us!
Rui: Sigh...
Rui: As I stated a moment ago, if we associate with one another for an extended period, we will naturally come to know each other's preferences.
Rui: That merely shows that we have had that much of a chance to know each other.
Nanami: But you've got a point. We've gone to different places and done so much together~. For example, we took a trip to a river in the summer.
Toko: Yeah, we did! My wild side totally exploded at the time, which was totally amazing.
Nanami: We also did a training camp at school~.
Toko: You mean our Summer Morfonica Program! We wouldn't have finished our song without that. I really am a super genius for suggesting it~.
Mashiro: That was so much fun... I still remember when we lit fireworks.
Tsukushi: TOCO was fun too! Getting to style various people's hair was such a great experience.
Rui: We also stayed over at Hiromachi-san's residence.
Rui: In addition to that, when she started her part-time job at the restaurant, there was the time we went to the restaurant to check up on her.
Nanami: Ah, that brings back memories~. I think Lisa-senpai also came in halfway through.
Rui: Also, you all helped with my student council duties.
Rui: I also remember several days later when we went to see the exhibition of the artists that gave speeches at the school.
Toko: Whoa... Rui, you remember quite a lot! That's unexpected.
Mashiro: Yeah... It felt like you treasure your memories with us, which makes me so happy.
Toko: Yeah~. Rui, you really do love us, don'tcha?!
Rui: Why is that your conclusion? I believe it is only reasonable that I remember this much.
Toko: Don't be so bashful! You shy girl, you~!
Rui: Sigh...
Nanami: Fufu... Ah, I know! I found this interesting movie lately, so why don't we watch it together?
Toko: Nice idea, Nanami! Well then, the second half of our Valentine's Day party will be a movie viewing! I'm totally pumped~!
Mashiro: D-don't make it a scary one, okay...?
Tsukushi: First, we should clean up. If we wait until after the movie, you'll just think of it as a hassle, won't you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Aw~, but I'm already in the mood for a movie.
Rui: What should we do with the dishes?
Nanami: I'll bring them to the kitchen, so I'd be grateful if you gathered them all up~.
Rui: Understood. Kurata-san, please gather the cutlery.
Mashiro: O-okay.
Tsukushi: Alright! Let's get things cleaned up quickly!


<What the Change Signifies>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Riverside]

Rui: ...
Marina: Ah, it's Rui-chan. Hello there.
Rui: Greetings, Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: What a coincidence meeting you in a place like this. You've got your violin case with you, so does that mean you have practice now?
Rui: Correct. I am on my way to Hiromachi-san's residence.
Marina: I see. Good luck with that. By the way, I heard from Toko-chan.
Marina: So you all had a Valentine's Day party the other day? And she even mentioned how you all made the chocolates you'd be exchanging at the party.
Rui: Yes. We did, in fact, make our chocolates together.
Marina: I did that when I was a student too~. My friends and I would all bring ingredients and meet at one friend's house...
Marina: It's pretty hard to make chocolates exactly the way you picture them. Were you able to make yours the way you wanted?
Rui: Yes, to an extent. That is because the chocolates I made were simple, dice-shaped ones.
Marina: I see, I see. Did everyone like them?
Rui: I believe they were well received. Everyone's palates are different, so it appeared they appreciated my making the chocolates to their preferences.
Marina: You changed the flavors for each person? Wow. That's so meticulous~.
Rui: ... So you feel that way as well?
Marina: ...? What do you mean?
Rui: That is the same thing Kirigaya-san and the others stated.
Rui: As we have spent a long time together, I believed it was only natural to be aware of each other's preferences.
Rui: As such, I altered the flavors for each of their chocolates. I did not imagine I would be told such an action is meticulous.
Marina: So changing the flavors according to each member's preference was natural for you.
Rui: Yes. However... Futaba-san and the others told me the following.
Rui: The old version of myself would likely not have thought to change the flavors.
Rui: They said they believed I would have chosen any chocolate provided it could be exchanged.
Marina: I see... What did you think when you heard that?
Rui: I agreed with their observation. As everyone stated, had it been my old self, I would have given the same chocolates regardless of who was receiving them.
Rui: However, on this occasion, I instinctively changed the flavors to match their preferences without even noticing.
Rui: A long time has already passed since we formed the band. It may be that... I changed during that time.
Rui: ... Although I do not know what that signifies for me.
Marina: I see. This might be weird coming from me, but... I'm sure that answer will come to you naturally one day. So wouldn't it be okay for you to just wait until then?
Rui: ... Is that so?
Rui: Excuse me. I should be going now. Otherwise, I will be late for practice.
Marina: Ah, sorry to have held you up for so long. Good luck with practice!
