1743_Rui Yashio_R5 Unsung Struggle

Gacha phrase: ... Miss Chairwoman. May I have a moment of your time?

<The Five of Us Together>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Toko: Alrighty! We're practicing starting today! Why don't we run to the atelier while we're at it?
Mashiro: I-if we did that, we'd be tired before we practiced...
Tsukushi: Also, it'd be dangerous if we tripped and fell.
Toko: Man~. We just got our activities approved, so I wanna practice right away.
Nanami: I know how you feel, Toko-chan. I'm really glad that Morfonica's activities were allowed~.
Mashiro: Y-yeah... I was really nervous while we were waiting for Rui-san...
Toko: I knew that it would absolutely be okay, though!
Mashiro: Huh? I could've sworn that you were worrying about Rui-san with the rest of us...
Rui: Nothing is absolute in the first place.
Toko: There you go, saying that boring stuff again~. If I say something's absolute, there's no doubt about it!
Toko: Anyway, I figured there was no way they wouldn't approve once they learned about our activities up until now.
Tsukushi: In any case, now we can relax and practice for the GBT.
Toko: You said it! I'm so hyped today that I could probably go for about one hundred hours!
Nanami: That's our Toko-chan! I'll do my best to go for one hundred hours, too~.
Mashiro: Y-you're both so motivated...
Rui: One hundred hours... What an unrealistic amount of time.
Toko: How do you not get that that was a figure of speech? Rui, you're seriously killing the vibe~.
Rui: Devising a feasible plan is more important than the "vibe."
Rui: With the GBT drawing closer, having a period where we could not practice was a serious blow.
Toko: Hmm. That's true, but...
Tsukushi: What's wrong, Toko-chan?
Toko: Rui, can't you be happier about this? Like, aren't you pumped that your hard work was recognized?
Tsukushi: Now that she mentions it, you are acting like you normally do. Even though you were the one that worked the hardest this time around.
Rui: I did what was needed of me, and that result came out. There is no need to rejoice in that.
Nanami: Ahaha. You really are so level-headed, Rui-rui~. That's probably the reason why you were able to talk to the chairwoman~.
Mashiro: Yeah... You really are amazing...
Mashiro: You said you did what was needed of you, but... that'd be impossible for me.
Mashiro: When the time for that came, I doubt I'd be able to say anything...
Tsukushi: You'd be fine! I'm sure you could say what you wanted if you wrote it down beforehand. Although it may not go as well as with Rui-san...
Toko: You don't need any prompts. If it were me, I might do even better than Rui in a single try~.
Nanami: Hmm. Tsu-chan seems like she'd panic at an unexpected question and get won over by the chairwoman~.
Nanami: Toko-chan has good spirit and momentum, but she seems like she'd get into a one-sided discussion.
Rui: I can picture that happening.
Tsukushi & Toko: That isn't true! That's not true!
Mashiro: Ahaha...
Rui: ...
Nanami: Rui-rui, why are you just staring at us?
Rui: ... Kurata-san described me as being amazing. However...
Rui: It is precisely because the five of us brainstormed what was good about having a band that I could provide those opinions.
Rui: There was also content I would not have been able to think of on my own, so it was very helpful. Thank you.
Mashiro: Rui-san...
Nanami: It was worth the hard work to have you say something like that~.
Tsukushi: Yeah!
Toko: More importantly, isn't it pretty rare for Rui to thank us?!
Rui: I express my gratitude when it is needed.
Toko: Your pacing is, like, once every 10,000 years, though. Right, Nanami?
Nanami: Do you think so?
Mashiro: So even I can be of help to Rui-san...
Tsukushi: Ohh, of course you can~!
Mashiro: Right. Thanks...!
Tsukushi: Hey, Rui-san. If there's anything that we can do, I'd like to keep helping out. So ask me for anything!
Mashiro: M-me too...
Rui: Yes. If needed, I will ask you.
Mashiro: Okay...!
Nanami: Ahaha. Shiro-chan, you look so happy~.
Mashiro: When I think about how there's something that I can do too, it feels like the inside of my chest grows hot...
Mashiro: It's like when I remembered the school motto... "Your spark will light the way."
Mashiro: After meeting you all and starting the band... I realized I'm able to do so many things now.
Mashiro: I hope we'll still be able to find our sparks together from now on...
Toko: Of course we will! We've got nothing but sparks ahead of us.
Tsukushi: Ohh, there you go again with your careless comments~!
Toko: Oh come on. It's not careless! That's what the GBT is all about, right? It'll definitely be full of shiny sparks~.
Rui: I mentioned this before, but nothing is absolute. Starting today, let us bring our sounds together properly so we may achieve a good result in the GBT.
Tsukushi: Yeah, let's do our best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<The Meaning of Band Activities>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: Hey there, Rui-chan!
Rui: Tsukishima-san. {{userName}}-san. Good day.
Marina: If you're here, does that mean... you've got practice again today?
Rui: Yes. To participate in the GBT, we must make up for lost time.
Marina: Lost time? Did something happen?
Rui: The new semester started, and Tsukinomori's chairperson changed. Because of that, a restriction was also placed on extramural activities.
Marina: Then your band activities...
Rui: They are, of course, no exception. They must be deemed appropriate for Tsukinomori students.
Rui: As such, we re-applied for permission, and as a result of the review done by the board of directors, we earned that permission for our band activities.
Marina: So you had to go through something like that. But I'm glad Morfonica's activities were approved~.
Marina: I've got to say, just hearing that you had to talk with the board of directors makes me nervous~. Leave it to you to pull that off, Rui-chan!
Rui: I merely did what was needed.
Marina: Hmm, hmm. What was needed, huh...?
Marina: That means that your band activities and everything else in your school life up until now were something you needed, right?
Rui: There is no deeper meaning to it. We have the objective of winning the GBT.
Rui: And to that end, it would be problematic if our current activities were not permitted.
Marina: That's right. If they weren't allowed, you couldn't participate anymore. I'd hate for that to happen, too~.
Rui: ... Hiromachi-san told me something.
Rui: She said she suspected I did that not only to have our band activities approved, but because I also wished for the five of us to continue as Morfonica.
Marina: And what did you say to her?
Rui: ...
Marina: ... Asking you something like that would be insensitive of me, wouldn't it? But I think you might have that feeling somewhere inside you.
Rui: I do not mind how you might interpret that.
Marina: Fufu. Well then, I guess that's how I'll think.
Marina: ... Agh, I'm sorry for holding you up! You've got practice after this.
Rui: It is not a problem as I left my house with time to spare.
Marina: That's a relief, then. Good luck with practice!
Rui: Yes, thank you very much. Please excuse me.
