1942_Rui Yashio_R5 This World is Full of Colors

Gacha phrase: ... You guys are really curious.

<The Choices That Were Born>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio, Masuki Sato)

[Downtown]

MASKING (Masuki): Oh, it's so cold! It's hard to ride a motorcycle in winter...
MASKING (Masuki): Let's stop somewhere and get something warm--.
MASKING (Masuki): That's... Hey, Rui--!
Rui: ...? Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): Yo! What are you doing here?
Rui: I'm on my way home from band practice.
MASKING (Masuki): We're the same, me too. Since we're here, let's go to a café or something.
Rui: ? Why?
MASKING (Masuki): I got cold on the motorbike~. I want something hot to drink.
MASKING (Masuki): I don't want to go alone, so please come with me--.
Rui: I decline. Well then...
MASKING (Masuki): Wait, wait! Hear me out! You're too cold!
Rui: What is it? I don't think I'm here for you.
MASKING (Masuki): That's true! But, there's more to it than that, like how you say it?
MASKING (Masuki): Jeez... Same as always, you're just not cute.
Rui: I see. Now, if you'll excuse me.
MASKING (Masuki): Like, I, Said! Why don't you at least tell me why you're in such a hurry!?
Rui: ... I want to go home and think about the things I don't have answers to. Is that enough?
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Rui: ?
MASKING (Masuki): No, you don't seem like the type to be bothered by anything. I just thought that was unusual.
MASKING (Masuki): Not that I've known you that long, but I know that much at least... What's up?
Rui: ...
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, thought so. So, what happened? Tell me.
Rui: It's none of your business, Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): It's okay. Sometimes talking to someone can help you organize your thoughts, right?
MASKING (Masuki): I'm not so heartless as to leave a junior in distress.
MASKING (Masuki): I mean, I'm going to follow you all the way until you talk to me!
Rui: ... Sigh.
Rui: Okay, then, may I ask how you would handle it, Sato-san?
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, yeah, leave it to me!
Rui: ... Suppose you have something you have to do in front of you.
Rui: The chances for it to succeed are pretty slim. But if it doesn't work, there will be a lot of people in trouble.
Rui: This is the problem. How would you deal with it, Sato-san?
MASKING (Masuki): ...
Rui: Sato-san?
MASKING (Masuki): What's with you... you've changed.
MASKING (Masuki): When we worked together before at the café on the ship, you didn't seem to care about other people.
MASKING (Masuki): I never thought you would be the type to try to do something for other people.
Rui: It's not that I'm doing it for other people. I'm just doing it because it's what I have to do.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmm, I see.
MASKING (Masuki): Well, no matter what. So, the question you just asked me... it's pretty simple, isn't it? If you can't do it, just try until you can!
Rui: ... An answer fitting of you, Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): Because if you really want to make it work, giving up is not an option, right?
MASKING (Masuki): And if you think you can't do it alone, rely on your friends!
Rui: ... My friends.
MASKING (Masuki): Just like a band.
MASKING (Masuki): You know how you can't play a phrase by yourself, but when you play it with your friends... you get so excited that you can play it.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Nanami: Ruirui. I want to help you this time.
Nanami: So, if there is anything I can do to help you, please tell me.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Rui: ... Yes, that's right. That was helpful.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, give it a try. It'll definitely work!
Rui: I don't know if it'll definitely work or not, but I originally thought of the option of relying on my friends.
MASKING (Masuki): Huh?
Rui: There's nothing more inefficient than the act of continuing to do something that cannot be done alone.
Rui: So, if there are times when I'm really stuck, I will rely on my friends at that time.
MASKING (Masuki): Hmmm? Do you mean that it would be the same whether I give you advice or not?
Rui: Yes, that's right.
MASKING (Masuki): What the hell is that?! That's where ya should've just said thanks anyway!
MASKING (Masuki): Sigh... Well, never mind. I'm relieved to know that you're just thinking about something, but not worried.
Rui: ... You're a good-natured person, Sato-san.
MASKING (Masuki): Is that bad? That's better than being a bastard.
Rui: ...
Rui: Thank you very much.
MASKING (Masuki): Whoa, what the heck, out of nowhere...
Rui: My original conclusion is still the same, but...
Rui: Still, while I had Sato-san listen to me... I'm sure I managed to sort out a lot of things.
Rui: So, I would like to thank you for now.
MASKING (Masuki): ... Haha, "for now" is unnecessary.
Rui: Now, if you'll excuse me. Please take care not to catch a cold.
MASKING (Masuki): You too! I don't really understand, but try to do your best!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<What Emotions Brought>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Shopping District]

Marina: The new pasta restaurant was delicious! It lived up to its reputation!
Marina: It was worth the trip to go all the way to ......, huh? Isn't that Rui-chan over there? Hey there!
Rui: ? ... Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san.
Marina: Hello, Rui-chan. You're carrying a violin on your back, so... Are you going to practice with the band now?
Rui: Yes, I am. Though we have other things to do as well.
Marina: Did you mean preparation for the signature campaign? I heard about it from Toko-chan. I hope it goes well.
Rui: Well... It's unlikely to succeed, but we'll just do what we have to do.
Rui: Even if we hesitate because of the low possibility, Tsukinomori Music Festival will not be held.
Marina: Oh, really...
Marina: I've told you this before but... Rui-chan, you really have changed.
Rui: ? What do you mean?
Marina: I mean... I never expected you would say something like that.
Marina: You see, the old Rui-chan wouldn't have thought of doing something if there was little chance of success.
Rui: ... Yes. It doesn't make sense to take action if there's no chance of success.
Marina: But now you're saying it's unlikely, but you're trying to take action.
Marina: That was a bit unexpected, I mean, I was shocked.
Rui: That's true... I'm aware that I'm driven by my emotions.
Rui: I should follow reality rather than my feelings. That was and still is my principle.
Rui: It's not surprising that Tsukishima-san and the others are surprised at this contradiction.
Rui: However... I learned from the band that there are some things you overlook if you only look at reality.
Marina: So you valued your own feelings this time.
Rui: Yes, I did. Because I have actually followed my emotions, I wanted to pursue “that sound” again.
Marina: Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean, Rui-chan.
Marina: I understand the idea of not doing something because you don't need it, but...
Marina: I want to cherish my feelings of “I want to do it! I have at that time. I think it's more fun that way.
Rui: I don't know if it's fun, but...
Rui: The point is, when I feel I want to do something, it's important that you can do it without turning your eyes away from your true feelings.
Rui: And then this Tsukinomori Music Festival case came up, which just happened to be the right time.
Marina: Fufu, you're right. I'm rooting for Rui-chan and your friends to do well!
Rui: Thank you very much. Now, if you'll excuse me, it's about time for practice.
Marina: Oh, I'm sorry for stopping you. Thank you for telling me all your stories!
Marina: Then, see you in CiRCLE!
