2365_Rui Yashio_R4 Resolve Carried on the Music

Skill name: Feelings Worth Answering
Gacha phrase: Because you met my expectations perfectly.

<Giving My Best>

(Character: Nanami Hiromachi, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Rui: ...Did I get here a little too early?
Nanami: Oh. Rui-rui, you're even earlier than usual today~. You're super motivated~
Rui: Not really. I just happened to arrive early.
Nanami: I see~. Then I'll go make some tea. Something warm okay?
Rui: No need to trouble yourself. I'm going to do a bit of writing.
Nanami: Okaaay.
Rui: .........
Rui: (...That should do it.)
Nanami: ...Sorry to keep you waiting~. It's nothing fancy, but~
Rui: Thank you. I'll take it.
Nanami: So, what were you writing?
Rui: Just jotting down a few musical phrases.
Nanami: Huh~. So you do stuff like that too, Rui-rui.
Rui: Not very often. Lately, I've been making a point to write things down.
Rui: Even if I don't have a use for them right now, they might come in handy when Kurata-san gives us lyrics.
Nanami: Fufu, yeah.
Nanami: Can Hiromachi take a look, too?
Rui: Sure, I don't mind.
Nanami: Thanks~. Let's see here~...
Nanami: Hmm, hmm~. I'm not all that knowledgeable about music, so... sorry if I'm totally off the mark, but...
Nanami: I feel like there are a lot of phrases where the drums really stand out~
Rui: ...That might be true.
Nanami: ...Is this... for Tsu-chan, maybe~?
Rui: ...Who knows.
Rui: But it's true I've been thinking about Futaba-san.
Nanami: Knew it~.
Rui: ...You might've already heard this from Futaba-san, but...
Rui: She asked me to add a phrase where the drums stand out to a song we'd play at a joint show someday... and I refused.
Nanami: Yeah. I heard about it from Tsu-chan, too.
Nanami: Tsu-chan seemed satisfied, and... I think things were better that way.
Rui: Yes. I feel the same.
Rui: When I heard Futaba-san play, I knew my decision that there was no need to change the score wasn't wrong.
Rui: But that was only because Futaba-san had the strength to accept it. The strength of heart to understand her role and carry it out, even if it wasn't what she wanted.
Rui: But... I'd been thinking this whole time that maybe there was a better way to handle it.
Nanami: I see~. So even Rui-rui has times when she hesitates.
Rui: I suppose. Lately, I feel like I've been hesitating constantly.
Rui: ...If you don't mind, would you tell me what you think too, Hiromachi-san?
Nanami: Hmmm, what I think, huh~
Nanami: Like I said earlier, as long as Tsu-chan's accepted it and moved forward, I can say for sure that song was the right call as it was.
Nanami: And I don't think your judgment was wrong either, Rui-rui.
Rui: ...I see.
Nanami: But I do think it's good to look for other ways, if you feel like there might've been another approach.
Nanami: And it could be fun to make a new song where the drums really shine too.
Rui: Yes. Expanding our song repertoire itself would also broaden what the whole band can do.
Nanami: ...But...
Nanami: If it’s coming from feeling bad about Tsu-chan, then... I don’t think that’s a good thing~.
Rui: That’s not my intention at all.
Rui: As for that song, it was the best choice. But that won’t always be the case. What’s best changes depending on the moment.
Rui: So what I do doesn’t change. I’ll simply do my best each time.
Nanami: Yeah, yeah. If that’s the case, I think you’ll be fine~.
Rui: ...I see. Thank you.
Nanami: Fufu, I can’t wait for the next song~.
Rui: You’re getting ahead of yourself. But... I do intend to live up to your expectations.


<Doubt and Answers>

(Character: Rui Yashio)

[Station Entrance]

Marina: That new place was really good. Maybe next time I’ll try a different item on the menu.
Marina: Oh, over there... Hey, Rui-chan!
Rui: Tsukishima-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: Did you have practice today?
Rui: No. I had my violin sent out for maintenance, so I just picked it up.
Marina: Gotcha. With that joint show with Poppin'Party coming up, I bet you’ve gotta practice even harder than usual.
Rui: Yes, that’s one of the reasons. Who did you hear about the joint show from?
Marina: Mashiro-chan and Tsukushi-chan. They said you’re planning to debut a wonderful new song.
Rui: So you know that much already. Yes, since we’ve decided to perform that song at the joint show, I intend to perfect it.
Rui: There were a lot of things I struggled with, but I’m confident now that we ended up with the best possible version.
Marina: Ooh, sounds like you’re really fired up too, Rui-chan~!
Rui: Am I? I feel like I’m just the same as always.
Marina: Fufu, is that so? I heard from Tsukushi-chan that some stuff went down, so maybe that’s why it looked that way.
Rui: ...What did Futaba-san say?
Marina: Lemme think... I think she said, "I kind of put Rui-san in a tough spot."
Rui: No, none of that was Futaba-san's fault.
Rui: If anything, I think I had doubts of my own... and that ended up putting her in a difficult position.
Marina: I see... I'm sure you both had your reasons. But from what Tsukushi-chan said, it sounds like things are okay now.
Rui: ...That's thanks to Futaba-san.
Rui: She understood the song I wrote, and what I was trying to say... then found her own answer. That's all there is to it.
Marina: I get it. Still, it's kind of rare to hear you talk like that, Rui-chan.
Rui: ...That may be true.
Rui: Futaba-san believed in me... and in the songs I wrote, and she responded in kind. I do want to repay those feelings.
Rui: I thought I was acting the same as always, but... maybe I'm not.
Marina: Only you can really understand what's changing in your heart, Rui-chan... but I think it's probably a good change.
Rui: ...You're right. So I can feel that way for sure, I'll try to face my feelings a little more.
Rui: Well then, excuse me.
Marina: Yeah, see you. Thanks for sharing something so important with me.
