event68-01 Opening: A Taste Of Your Own Chocolate

Himari and Kanon are frantically looking for chocolates. The reason behind this is...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[Shopping Mall]

Himari: Wow~, how cute~♪ Look at all these chocolates. It really feels like Valentine's Day is right around the corner~.
Himari: Mm-hmm, interesting~. So they've got more sophisticated designs too~. I bet Tsugu would love these.
Himari: Uhm, what about over here...? Whoa! These are adorable! I didn't know they sold these~!
Himari: Would these make everyone want to post online though...? After making such a big deal about it, I really need to find something like that~.
Himari: What should I pick~? I can't decide~... Uhm... Whoa!
？？？: Eek!
Himari: I-I'm sorry!
Kanon: Fue~, I'm the one who should be apologizing... A-are you alright?
Himari: Ah, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Himari-chan...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Uh-huh, gotcha~. So you're looking for stuff to get your friends too.
Kanon: With all these options, though, it's so hard to focus on one thing...
Himari: I know~. I'm having the same problem.
Kanon: Everyone in Hello, Happy World! is always making me smile, so I really want to find something that will show how grateful I am. However, that's just making it harder to pick stuff out.
Himari: Showing how grateful you are, huh...? Sigh~, must be nice~.
Kanon: Hm? Is something wrong?
Himari: It just sounds like you guys actually take this holiday seriously.
Kanon: What do you mean?
Himari: My bandmates and I have been friends since we were little, right? I guess Valentine's Day doesn't feel as special as it used to...
Himari: Moca just thinks of Valentine's Day as a day she gets to eat a lot of candy.
Kanon: Fufu, that sounds so laid-back and relaxing... I think that sounds perfect for Afterglow, don't you?
Himari: Hmm~, yeah, I suppose~.  But you see, yesterday...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Himari: Wow~, so they've got stuff like this too~.
Moca: Hii-chan, whatcha looking at? You've been staring at your phone for a while now.
Himari: Chocolate, of course. I need to figure out what to get you guys, so I'm pouring over my social media to see what's out there.
Ran: Oh, is it that time of year again already?
Himari: Hold on, does that mean you forgot?! This is Valentine's Day, you know! It only happens once a year! Show a bit more enthusiasm!
Tomoe: ... I mean, aren't all holidays like that? New Year's and Girl's Day are also only once a year.
Himari: Not you too, Tomoe~! Well, unlike you guys, I want to cherish every holiday as much as possible!
Tsugumi: Yeah, me too! Don't worry, Himari-chan. I understand!
Himari: Ooo~, but you're the only one~.  Look, Tsugu~! Aren't these chocolates just the cutest?
Tsugumi: Wow, they sure are. I love this color combination too!
Himari: Right~?! Wouldn't this be great? If we got chocolates like these, wouldn't you want to post them everywhere online?
Moca: Hey~, Hii-chan. How come everything has to be about social media with you~?
Ran: You really like that stuff, huh?
Himari: What's the big deal~? If you had a choice, wouldn't you want to take a pretty picture?
Tomoe: Well, I guess having a picture is better than none at all.
Himari: Also, why don't you guys seem to care?! We're high schoolers! We're supposed to like Valentine's Day and social media~!
Moca: Hmm~, I don't know, as long as I get to eat tasty chocolates, I'm plenty satisfied~.
Himari: ... Alright. I'm going to get you guys the most perfect chocolate ever. Something so good, so amazing, that you'll want to post it everywhere, and then you'll finally love social media!
Himari: Whatever I bring is going to be super exciting, so get ready to have your minds blown!
Moca: And with that, Hii-chan began her journey...
Himari: Argh~, Moca~! Quit narrating me~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Himari: ... And that's what happened.
Kanon: Fufu, so that's why you're trying so hard to find the right gift.
Himari: Yeah, I really want to knock their socks off, so I need to find the most perfect chocolate ever!
Kanon: ... Ah, actually, would it be alright if I tagged along?
Kanon: I'm having trouble picking out something for my bandmates... I'd love to get your opinion while I'm looking around.
Himari: Of course you can~! We'll find the perfect chocolates together!
Kanon: Yeah. Thank you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Now that that's settled, let's get moving~! Ready? Hey, hey...
Himari & Kanon: Hoh~!
Himari: ...! Wow, you actually said it with me! Th-that was so cool! Thanks, Kanon-san!
Kanon: S-sure...!
Kanon: (Why is she thanking me...?)
