event68-04 Chapter 3: The Ideal Versus Reality

Himari has found the ideal chocolates she wants to give to her friends. But the price may be out of her reach...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Himari: Sigh~... That chocolate was so adorable too...
Kanon: True, it looked just as pretty as it did appetizing. You could tell it was the work of a famous chocolatier.
Himari: Yeah, you could definitely call it a work of art! That term fits it way better than just "chocolate."
Himari: But even if I combined my allowance and paycheck from my part-time job, it still wouldn't be enough... What should I do~?
Himari: I mean, look at this picture, Aya-san! Isn't this the cutest thing ever~?
Aya: You took photos too? So did I~.
Himari: Wow, look at them all! Did you take a picture of every chocolate there?! Can you send them to me later?! Please!
Aya: Fufufu, of course I can. You know, now that I've looked at these photos, I think I've got an idea for what I want to make.
Himari: Really? What are you gonna make? Tell me!
Aya: Hm~, I still need to think about it some more before I really decide, but while I was looking around, I realized the importance of packaging!
Aya: All the chocolates I liked were cute by themselves, but a lot of them were also wrapped up really nicely.
Aya: So I think I'm going to try focusing on that. Saya-chan, Rinko-chan, would it be alright if I contacted you again when I start working on my chocolates?
Saya: Of course. As long as you think it'll help.
Rinko: It's fine... by me too...
Himari: Aw~, you're so lucky, Aya-san. You're at least figuring out what you want to do. As for me...
Himari: Sigh~... It's no use. I can't get that chocolate sunset out of my head~.
Saya: Give it up, Himari. Your friends might feel bad for accepting such an expensive gift anyway.
Rinko: I was thinking... the same thing...
Saya: We're high schoolers, you know. No need to go that far.
Himari: I know, but still~.
Saya: It's not about the price anyway. Valentine's Day is about your feelings. Why not get something that'll make them happy?
Saya: I'm going to make my chocolates from scratch. That way they'll be extra special.
Kanon: Something that'll make them happy... What are you doing, Rinko-chan?
Rinko: I'm... going to make... unique designs for... each of my bandmates...
Kanon: What? You mean you're going to make different chocolates for everyone? That sounds like a lot of work.
Rinko: Everyone in Roselia... has very different tastes...
Saya: What kind of design would Ako like...? All I can think of is something dark.
Kanon: Still, I think you're all on the right track. It's better to give your friends something that'll make them happy.
Himari: Aw~, but that chocolate was perfect~. If I gave them chocolates like that, I'm sure everyone would be thrilled. It's just the price...
Himari: Ooo~...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Rooftop Stairs]

Tomoe: Ah~, it's finally lunchtime~. Today's going by so slow, isn't it?
Ran: No, it feels the same as always to me.
Tomoe: Ah, now that I think about it, it might be because I had gym first period. Doesn't the day feel longer when that happens?
Ran: Not really.
Tomoe: Wow~, are you sure~? You're a weird one, Ran.
Ran: Says you.
Tomoe: Hm? Isn't that Himari? Hey~, Himari~!
Himari: Hmm~...
Tomoe: ... Whoa. She just kept staring at that phone. She didn't even notice us.
Ran: I wonder what's going on with her. Didn't she seem a bit off to you?
Tomoe: Yeah, she did. Now that I think about it, she's been out of it all day.
Moca: Ah, if it isn't Ran and Tomo-chin~. Whatcha doing here~?
Tomoe: Ah, Moca.
Ran: Hey, we just saw Himari, but she was acting kinda weird. Any idea what could have happened?
Moca: Nope~, nothing's coming to mind~. I wonder what's wrong~.
Ran: I guess we'll have to ask Tsugumi later then.
Moca: Yup, yup. Sounds like a plan~.
Ran: Himari...
