event68-03 Chapter 2: Alluring♪ Chocolate Market

Aya, Rinko, and Saya become chocolate-finding helpers. They go with Himari and Kanon to the chocolate market where...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Aya: ... And so I decided to ask Saya-chan and Rinko-chan to come  along.
Himari: Gotcha. So Saya is going to teach you about chocolate making, while Rinko-san is helping you with the packaging.
Aya: I figured if I'm going to make the perfect chocolate, I'd need these two experts with me!
Saya: I appreciate the compliment, but I don't really know that much about chocolate...
Aya: Your family's bakery makes the best chocolate cornets, though. And I'm sure you've seen how they make them.
Rinko: U-uhm... I think... packaging and costume design are... a little different...
Aya: No way, you've got a great sense for that kind of thing. I saw how amazing those costumes you made for the theater club were. I could never do something like that.
Kanon: Now that I think about it, how you wrap the chocolates is pretty important, isn't it?
Aya: It sure is. So please teach me all you can, Saya-chan, Rinko-chan!
Himari: And teach us too, please!
Saya: I'll do everything I can, but I'm not sure how much that'll actually help...
Rinko: S-same here...
Aya: Well, we can worry about the details once we get to the event halls. Should we head over?
Himari: Great idea! Let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Chocolate Festival - Event Hall]

Aya: Whoa~, look at all these people. I heard this event was popular, but I didn't think it'd be this packed.
Himari: And the whole place smells like chocolate... This is pure bliss~...
Kanon: Intoxicating, isn't it? The smell of chocolate.
Himari: Something tells me we'll find the perfect gifts here for sure!
Aya: I get that feeling too! Should we go look at the different stalls?
Himari: Ah, wait a second! I want to take a picture for my page! Come on, Kanon-san, you take one too!
Kanon: O-okay...!
Aya: Ah, I better do the same! Thanks, Himari-chan, I almost forgot.
Himari: Wow~, this angle is perfect! After I show this to everyone in Afterglow, they'll want to come here for sure~. Saya, Rinko-san, you should take a picture too!
Saya: I suppose this is the type of event you'd want something to remember it by. Come on, Rinko-senpai.
Rinko: Huh? M-me too...?
(Black cut)
Himari: Check out this Snow White statue! It's made entirely of chocolate! Isn't that cool?
Aya: Wow, it's so cute~!
Saya: Ah, they even have her eating chocolate instead of an apple. Nice attention to detail~.
Himari: I better take a picture of this too! I'm sure Tsugu will love it~♪ And Moca will definitely get a kick out of it.
Kanon: Fufu. You've been talking about Afterglow an awful lot, Himari-chan.
Himari: Ah, I'm sorry!
Kanon: Don't be. I didn't mean that in a bad way. It just sounds like you really care about Afterglow.
Rinko: U-uhm... That stall has... a really long line... in front of it...
Aya: I bet that's the shop everyone was talking about!
Himari: I heard about this too! Isn't there a famous chocolatier from France here?
Aya: They're supposed to be the main attraction. We should go check it out!
(Black cut)
Aya: Is that the chocolatier? It looks like they're making something.
Himari: I think I've seen them on TV before! There should be a picture in the pamphlet too... See? Look!
Aya: There's no mistaking it, that's them.
Kanon: What are they making? Can you see anything?
Himari: Uhm~... No, it's hard to see from here.
Rinko: There's... a monitor over there... that we can watch...
Himari: Huh? Where? Let's see, monitor, monitor... Ah, there it is!
Himari: ...?!
Aya: Wow, it's a painting made out of chocolate! How pretty! Is that a sunset?
Himari: Th-that's... amazing...
Himari: I-I've found it... The perfect chocolate... for Afterglow...!
Kanon: Hm? Himari-chan?
Himari: I need that chocolate!
