event68-05 Chapter 4: Himari Gone Astray

Kanon notices that Himari has been acting strange, so she uses social media to track her down.

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[After School]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tsugumi: There you are, Kanon-san. One chocolate cake and tea set.
Kanon: Thank you. Wow~, the chocolate cake today looks especially delicious.
Tsugumi: With Valentine's Day coming up, my mom's been really fired up. Fufufu.
Tsugumi: Ah, that reminds me. Did you figure out what you're going to give your bandmates? I know you were having troubles with it before.
Kanon: Thanks to Himari-chan, Aya-chan and everyone else's help, I've got some idea of what I'm going to do... I think.
Kanon: Ah, actually, how's Himari-chan doing? She seemed like she had a lot on her mind after yesterday...
Tsugumi: Huh? What do you mean? Do you know what's going on with Himari-chan?
Tsugumi: She was acting strange all day today. We're really worried!
Kanon: I see...
Tsugumi: Please, if you know something, tell me!
Kanon: W-well, yesterday...
(Black cut)
Kanon: ... And that's all I know.
Tsugumi: Gotcha. So that's what's going on...
Kanon: She seemed really fixated on that high-quality chocolate...
Kanon: She kept telling us how much you would all enjoy it.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan...
Tsugumi: Ah, a customer... I've gotta go.
Kanon: Okay.
Tsugumi: I'll be right back. And I'll probably have more questions.
Kanon: So Himari-chan's still thinking about that chocolate then. Maybe I should have done more to help her...
Kanon: ... Ah, Why don't I try messaging her? I just need to find my phone... Here it is.
Kanon: Now to open up the app...
Kanon: Ah, Aya-chan uploaded a new photo. "Getting ready to make chocolates!" ... Huh? Is she sewing with Rinko-chan?
Kanon: No wait, that's not why I'm here. I need to go to Himari-chan's page...
Kanon: (Here it is...)
Kanon: (Hm? Did she take this picture at the bookstore? Is that... a pamphlet of job listings?)
Kanon: What's the caption say...? "I really, really, really need more money!!"
Tsugumi: Ah, Sorry to leave you like that, Kanon-san. Now, about earlier...
Kanon: W-wait, before that, take a look at this. I found it on Himari-chan's page...
Tsugumi: ... Huh? Does that mean she's looking for a job?
Kanon: I'm not entirely sure... but I think so.
Tsugumi: Hm? This was taken at the bookstore downtown!
Tsugumi: She just posted this, so she's probably still there. I want to go see her, but I'm still working. What should I do?
Kanon: It's okay, I'll go talk to her.
Tsugumi: Huh? Are you sure?
Kanon: Of course. This wouldn't have happened if I'd been more helpful yesterday.
Tsugumi: Kanon-san...
Kanon: Don't worry, leave it to me.
Tsugumi: Alright, I'm counting on you.
Kanon: Okay, see you later! ... Uhm, actually, which way is the bookstore?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Himari: Please, Saya, I'm begging you~! Help me out! Even if it's just letting me know what shops are hiring!
Saya: I mean, are you sure about this? I thought we told you to give it up.
Himari: No way! I need to get that chocolate for Afterglow! I've already decided!
Himari: If I get another temporary part-time job, I might just be able to manage it. But I can't find any jobs online.
Himari: So you've gotta help me! Please! Tell me about any places that are hiring!
Kanon: Is that what you've been worried about...?
Himari: Ah, Kanon-san...!
