event68-02 Chapter 1: Flooded with Brilliant Posts

While the two of them were hunting down the best chocolates to give, they come across Aya's post on social media...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Himari: Wow, here it comes! Your strawberry parfait looks so good.
Kanon: You're right. It's like a mountain of strawberries.
Himari: And here's my chocolate parfait.
Kanon: Alright, why don't we talk about our plans while we eat?
Himari: Ah, wait, don't touch that parfait yet! We need to take a picture first!
Kanon: A picture?
Himari: And we might as well post it online too.
Himari: This app's been getting really popular lately! It's mainly focused on posting photos!
Himari: Actually, why don't we go ahead and make you an account?! This app's gonna be super important in our quest for the perfect chocolate, after all!
Kanon: I-it is...?
Himari: I'll teach you how to use it too! It's pretty similar to other social media apps, but the home screen is-
Kanon: W-wait... Could you go a little slower...?
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Himari: ... Then you tap 'OK' to post!
Kanon: U-uhm... 'OK'... There... Is that it?
Himari: Ah, your page just updated on my end. Yeah, it looks great! You really captured how tasty it looks.
Kanon: Really? Thank goodness~... Uploading a picture like that was a little nerve-wracking.
Himari: If you put a hashtag followed by a word in the search bar, a whole bunch of pictures will show up, kinda like most other social media.
Himari: Why don't we try searching '#ValentinesDay'?  Once we do...
Kanon: Wow, look at all these photos. They all look so delicious~.
Himari: Let me show you one of my favorites... Here it is! Every single chocolate looks like a piece of jewelry. Aren't these super cute?
Kanon: You're right, they are. Ah, I really like these animal-shaped ones.
Himari: I knew you'd have great tastes, Kanon-san~. Exchanging chocolates like these would be so great~♪
Kanon: Fufu, that's true.  You know, I could spend hours just looking at these pictures.
Himari: ... Ah, we can't do that! We have to find the perfect chocolates, something fit for social media!
Himari: Sure, all these look great, but are they the best out there? I get the feeling we could find something better.
Kanon: Himari-chan... You're really passionate about Valentine's Day, aren't you?
Himari: Don't sweat it, Kanon-san! We'll find the perfect chocolates for our friends together!
Kanon: Y-yeah, for sure...!
Kanon: (Fuee... What did I get myself into...?)
Himari: ... Hm? Hold on... Hey, check this out!
Kanon: I-is something wrong?
Himari: I found someone else out there looking for the perfect chocolate!
Kanon: Huh?
Himari: Look at this post. "I'm on the lookout for the perfect chocolates for my friends, so I'll be at the upcoming chocolate festival!"
Kanon: Isn't this... Aya-chan?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Station Entrance]

Aya: Himari-chan, Kanon-chan! Thanks for waiting!
Himari: Aya-san! Good morning~!
Kanon: Sorry to contact you out of nowhere yesterday.
Aya: No way, it's totally fine!
Aya: We talked a little yesterday, but it sounds like you guys are searching for the best chocolates for your friends too, right?
Himari: We sure are~! We were just wondering what we should do next when we saw your post, so we decided to contact you!
Aya: You had perfect timing too. I have to make homemade chocolates for work soon, so I was just thinking about how I wanted to ask more people for their opinions~.
Himari: Alright, why don't we head over to the event hall then?
Aya: Ah, wait a minute. I've got some more helpers coming. They should be here soon.
Kanon: Helpers?
Aya: Ah, there they are!  Saya-chan~! Rinko-chan~! Over here!
Himari: Your helpers are Saya and Rinko-san...?
Saya: Sorry! I hope you weren't waiting long~.
Rinko: G-good... morning...
