event68-06 Chapter 5: Whom Are the Chocolates for?

Kanon and Saya talk with Himari about the perfect chocolate gift. The three of them came to the conclusion that...

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Kanon Matsubara, Aya Maruyama, Rinko Shirokane)

[Park]

Kanon: ... I understand how you feel, Himari-chan. You want to see and experience that chocolate together with your friends, don't you?
Himari: Yes! That's exactly it! I mean, it's a chocolate sunset! It's like it was made for us!
Saya: But is that really a good reason to push yourself so far? Would that make everyone happy?
Himari: Y-yeah. I'm sure... it would.
Saya: Really...?
Himari: B-besides! I told them I'd get them the perfect chocolates, didn't I?!
Himari: I bet they're all looking forward to it!
Kanon: You know, Himari-chan, everyone in Afterglow is really worried about you.
Himari: Huh? They are...?
Kanon: Yeah...  They noticed you were acting strange today, and have been trying to figure out why.
Himari: ...?!
Himari: So they're all... worried about me...
Himari: I just wanted to celebrate Valentine's Day with them...
Kanon: You know, Himari-chan, I learned a valuable lesson watching you yesterday.
Himari: You did?
Kanon: When we were at that chocolate event, no matter where we went, the first thing on your mind was always Afterglow.
Kanon: That made me realize something. It's not about choosing the right chocolates, it's about considering the person receiving your gift.
Kanon: So I thought long and hard about my bandmates until finally, I knew what I wanted to give them. And that's all thanks to you.
Himari: So it's about... being considerate...
Saya: If you're the one picking it, I'm sure your friends will be thrilled, regardless of what you get them.
Himari: You really think so...?
Saya: Yeah, I know so.
Himari: Maybe it was the idea of those chocolates that made me so obsessed...
Himari: Obviously I started out wanting to find something that would make everyone happy, but at some point that changed.
Himari: If I'm being honest, I think a part of me really wanted to post it online.
Himari: I wasn't thinking about my friends at all. Instead, I was pushing what I wanted onto everyone else.
Himari: Sigh~, what in the world am I doing...?
Kanon: You don't need to be so hard on yourself.
Kanon: There's nothing wrong with finding wonderful chocolates and wanting to share them with your friends.
Himari: Kanon-san...
Kanon: But instead of pushing yourself so hard, why don't we try to find something they'd all enjoy, together?
Kanon: This time, I'll be here for you.
Saya: Fufufu, don't forget about me. I'm sure Aya-senpai and Rinko-senpai would be willing to help too.
Himari: Kanon-san, Saya... Thank you...
Kanon: Ah, actually, it looks like Aya-chan's already working on something. She uploaded a picture not too long ago.
Himari: Huh? Really?! I haven't been checking at all...!
Kanon: Her post was a little strange though. It said she was getting ready to make chocolates, but it looked more like she was hand-sewing something with Rinko-chan.
Himari: Sewing...? ... Ah!
Himari: I bet she's going to use that for the packaging! I'm pretty sure there were chocolates like that at the event yesterday! Let me check the pictures she sent me...
Himari: Ah, here it is! It's this one!
Saya: Whoa, you're right. What a neat idea~.
Kanon: Wouldn't that be amazing if hers turned out the same way?
Himari: Wait... In that case, maybe I can make mine too...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Uehara Residence - Living Room]

Himari: Alright, I think the chocolate cookies are all set. Now for the hard part, the icing~.
Kanon: You're so good at this, Himari-chan.
Saya: You make sweets pretty regularly, don't you? Only someone like you could make such great cookies.
Himari: Today's a special day, so I'm giving it better than my very best.
Aya: I'm really glad we could all make our gifts together like this. I've got my packaging all prepared, but I hadn't even started on the actual chocolates.
Himari: Your packaging is so cute too~. Rinko-san, your designs belong in an art museum♪
Rinko: U-Uehara-san... That's... not true...
Himari: Okay, I suppose I should get started on icing these cookies... Phew~, this is it...
Kanon: Don't worry. As long as you think of everyone in Afterglow while you're doing it, you'll have your perfect chocolates in no time.
Himari: ... That's right! The most important thing is... considering the person receiving your gift, after all!
Himari: ... Alright. Then... Here I go! Hey!
