261_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 The Smile of Competition

Gacha phrase: Even if it's our opponents, I want to show them a match that'll make them smile!

<A Walk-Off Comeback>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Sports Field]

Hagumi: Urgh~ if we don't score another point, we're gonna lose~.
Hagumi: We can't give up!
Hagumi: Gotta fight hard until the very end!
Kasumi: That's right! Don't worry! We're just getting started!
Misaki: You do realize this is the 7th innings, right?
Hagumi: Kaa-kun, Mii-kun! Thanks for coming to cheer for me today! You too, O-Tae!
Tae: I always wanted to come and watch one of your softball games.
Tae: I'm glad I did. It's really fun to hear the thunk of the bat hitting the ball.
Misaki: It's more interesting that I thought it would be. You seem to be going all out as well.
Kasumi: Yeah! It was so cool how you threw the ball super-fast just before!
Hagumi: Yay~, everyone's saying good things about me!
Hagumi: Oh, but it's really hot in the stands, right? You guys aren't getting sunburnt, are you?
Tae: Don't worry. We're all wearing sunscreen.
Kasumi: We're all fully prepared and ready to cheer you on today, Hagu!
Hagumi: Ehehe, thanks, you guys!
Kasumi: It's amazing how Hagu is so good at sports though! Home runs all round when she's in the batter's box!
Tae: I think having Hagumi on the team makes everyone smile too... I wonder why that is.
Kasumi: I know what you mean! She smiles through the entire game, so even the people in the stands end up smiling too!
Kasumi: Hey, Misaki-chan. Is Hagu like that in the band as well?
Misaki: Yeah... Actually, she's exactly like that.
Tae: So Hello, Happy World! is always cheerful and fun.
Misaki: But our band has two more people that are kind of similar to Hagumi, you know?
Misaki: Cheerful, yeah, but also kind of noisy.
Tae: Cheerful and noisy... That sounds like the perfect alarm clock.
Kasumi: Hey, you're right! I wish I had a Hagu at my place~! I'd never oversleep ever again!
Hagumi: Oh, I know! I should go over to your place to wake you up next time!
Tae: I want that too.
Hagumi: No problem! I'm gonna get you guys outta bed bright and early~!
Misaki: How did we end up talking about this...?
Misaki: Anyway, are you sure it's okay for you to chat to us this much, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Oh, you're right! I've gotta get back to it! Talk to you guys again later!
Misaki: Ah, wait up, Hagumi. Do you mind if I ask you one thing before you go?
Hagumi: Hm? What's up, Mii-kun?
Misaki: You're not holding back, are you?
Hagumi: Mii-kun...
Hagumi: No way! Of course I'm not!
Hagumi: I thought about this on Sports Day. Even if someone loses, they still get something out of it.
Hagumi: Actually, if anything I think if you give it everything you've got, you get more things to think about when you lose.
Hagumi: So... that's why I'm never gonna hold back! I don't wanna regret anything, so I'm gonna go all out!
Misaki: Regardless of whether you win or lose?
Hagumi: Nope, we're not gonna lose! We'll make a comeback, just you wait and see!
Misaki: Got it. Good luck.
Hagumi: I'm off!
(Black cut)
Kasumi: W-wow! O-Tae, Misaki-chan, look! Hagu's team has the bases full! They're all full!
Misaki: If they get a home run, it's going to be a walk-off comeback...
Misaki: Hagumi is the batter... It's like it's all about to go down.
Kasumi: Yeah! I'm sure Hagu will pull it off though!
Tae: I can't wait to hear the beautiful sound her bat makes...
Misaki: Ah, here comes Hagumi.
Kasumi: Hagu~! Nail that homerun~! You can do it~!
Tae: I wonder if it'll be a 'thunk' sound. Or maybe more of a 'tonk'.
Hagumi: (Everyone's watching... Okay, I'm gonna do this!)
Hagumi: Gimme your best shot!
Kasumi: ... Ah! She hit it!
Misaki: And it's... a home run!
Kasumi: Oh my god, this is so amazing~! Run, Hagu, run~!
Misaki: It's a home run, she can take all the time in the world if she likes.
Hagumi: Ehehe! Kaa-kun, Mii-kun, O-Tae! I did it!
Tae: It was a 'thunk'... What a nice sound.


<Why We Go All-Out>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: Hey~, {{userName}}-san!
Hagumi: ... *crash*
Hagumi: Ehehe, did I surprise you? I've got a pretty good tackle, huh?
Hagumi: Hm? Oh, I'm just doing some shopping! I did good at Sports Day, so my dad gave me some money to get myself a present!
Hagumi: ... Yeah, that's right! We just had our school Sports Day!
Hagumi: Aya-senpai was a cheerleader, and she was super cute~!
Hagumi: Oh, and Aa-chan did the thing!
Hagumi: As athletes, we hereby something... Ah, what was it? You know what I'm talking about!
Hagumi: I ran in a race against Kaa-kun too!
Hagumi: O-Tae and Mii-kun did the ball toss!
Hagumi: Oh, I was on the red team, so I had lunch with all the other girls from the same team!
Hagumi: Everyone's bentos were amazing! I worked really hard on mine as well!
Hagumi: When I showed them my bento, everyone said my Michelle-shaped rice ball was cute!
Hagumi: To tell the truth, I didn't think the Sports Day was gonna be very fun.
Hagumi: I love playing sports, but... I don't like the winning and losing thing...
Hagumi: I mean, when you win it's great, but it's so frustrating when you lose, right? I thought I wouldn't be able to smile if I saw the faces of the losing team.
Hagumi: I thought... or, like, that's how it really was.
Hagumi: But the Sports Day we just had made me realize it doesn't have to be!
Hagumi: I realized that the losing isn't just frustrating. If you give it everything you've got and still lose, that's not totally a bad thing.
Hagumi: I learned on Sports Day that there's things you can gain from losing!
Hagumi: In the future... if I ever meet someone who is worried about winning like I was, I want to tell them that!
Hagumi: I wanna tell them that losing isn't all bad!
Hagumi: I was scared of what was gonna happen in the last event, the relay... I was stressing about it right up until the last minute.
Hagumi: I mean, if I won that race that would make the people on the white team sad, right?
Hagumi: But after hearing what Mii-kun and Kaa-kun had to say, I decided to run as hard as I could.
Hagumi: I never realized how important it is to go all out because I didn't want to see people lose.
Hagumi: But now it's different!
Hagumi: I'm so pumped now! I'm gonna go all out in everything I do and never hold back!
Hagumi: Like in games during PE, or softball matches!
Hagumi: If I don't give it everything I've got, then it's just rude! If my opponent is serious, I've gotta be serious too!
Hagumi: That's why I wanna win the best wins I can, and lose the best losses!
Hagumi: Yeah, there's nothing wrong with losing! It's the result of everyone going all out, after all.
Hagumi: But if I lose, I'll work even harder to make sure I don't lose again!
Hagumi: Not just sports either, I'm gonna go all out for band stuff too!
Hagumi: The people that come to see us, the other bands, staff at the live houses...
Hagumi: I don't want to be rude to any of them!
Hagumi: I'm gonna go full power with everything. I'm not gonna be afraid of the results.
Hagumi: Now that I can think like this, everything is super fun!
Hagumi: I have a softball match this weekend! I'm gonna give it my best~!
Hagumi: I'm not gonna hold back and I'm totally gonna hit a home run~!
Hagumi: Ehehe, I'm a seriously good batter, you know?
Hagumi: I can hit anything!
Hagumi: I'm not scared of anything anymore!
Hagumi: ... Ah! I've been chatting for so long!
Hagumi: If I don't get my shopping done, I'm gonna get home late!
Hagumi: My dad is super scary when he gets angry.
Hagumi: See ya! I'm gonna run off and do my shopping!
