350_Hagumi Kitazawa_R2 The Magic of Smiles

<The Thread of Fate>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: Wow~, our new stage outfits!
Kaoru: Hagumi, the time to be delighted has yet to arrive. We are simply at the basting phase. Once they are adjusted for size, they will be complete.
Hagumi: Ah, I see! That means they're not done yet!
Kaoru: Precisely. However, I do understand. Unfinished or otherwise, to be able to feast one's eyes upon the actual outfit fills the heart with joy.
Hagumi: Mhm, I'm getting really excited! It's even cuter than I expected it to be, and it definitely gets the idea of fun across!
Kaoru: Wearing a new ensemble and performing magic during a live concert... Ahh~... So fleeting...!
Hagumi: Hm? Speaking of that, where did Kokoron run off to?
Kaoru: She mentioned wanting to do research for some magic tricks, so she made her way to the library. I anticipate she will return if something catches her attention.
Hagumi: Oh, okay then! Yeah, we do have to learn a bunch about magic!
Hagumi: This kinda gets my heart racing! You know, putting on something new and doing actual spells!
Kaoru: I'm sure your athletic prowess will allow for a fascinating magical display.
Hagumi: Mhm! I'm gonna give it my best shot!
Hagumi: Ah, but I don't really get magic! Even that time when we were doing it at the hospital, flowers would come floating down and doves would appear without me even knowing why!
Kaoru: Yes, to perform a feat that would shine brightly upon that stage may be difficult without sufficient familiarity.
Kaoru: However, there is no need to fret. What is most important is that the one putting on the display is enjoying themselves and of course, that the people watching can be similarly pleased.
Hagumi: Oh, I'm really good at fun stuff!
Kaoru: Then that shall be enough. No need to rack your brain over this. If we do not present a smile to the audience, then they, too, will be without one.
Hagumi: Yeah! I'll have as much fun while I'm doing it as I can!
Kaoru: Splendid. That's the spirit, Hagumi. You may not be able to pick it up immediately as you did with your instrument. However...
Kaoru: With such strong determination, you should be able to learn to perform the most sublime of magical acts.
Hagumi: I actually practiced really, really, really hard when I was first given my bass! That's why I was able to learn it.
Hagumi: Magic is the same, right?! Where there's a will, there's a way!
Kaoru: Your level of conviction is perfect, Hagumi.
Hagumi: We get to try out so many fun things with Hello, Happy World! Just think about how we've had a marching outfit, a circus outfit, how many different things we've done...
Hagumi: And this time, we're gonna go out there with magic-themed outfits! Ooo~, I'm so excited!!
Kaoru: You're exactly right. There isn't a dull day with Hello, Happy World! The activities we take part in dye my everyday life in an effervescent color.
Kaoru: And possibly because of those activities, I get the sense that my acting has recently reached new heights. I have been receiving more and more praise from those around me.
Hagumi: Me too, me too! I'm always able to give my 100 percent when I play softball and when I'm helping out with my other clubs, even more than before!
Hagumi: I know the people who come to watch Hello, Happy World! leave in a good mood and with a smile on their face, but the same thing happens to us too.
Kaoru: Indeed, that is correct. The smiles we provide are endless.
Hagumi: I hope with this costume we can give shy people courage. And I hope we can cheer up the people who are down... I want to be able to make the world smile!
Hagumi: You know, I've been feeling a lot happier whenever I see someone smile lately.
Kaoru: More than before? What is it that you mean, Hagumi? Could you share your thoughts if it isn't too much trouble?
Hagumi: Like... When my dad asks me to work at the store, I see a lot of customers, right? Whenever I actually talk with those customers, just seeing them leave the store with a smile on their face makes me happy!
Hagumi: Even if we're not doing something as Hello, Happy World!, if I can make someone smile, it makes me feel like I'm a true member of the band.
Kaoru: I've exactly the same sentiment. Whenever I come in contact with another's smile, I am reminded that I am a member of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: That is... likely because we are companions tied by a thread... A thread of fate named "Smile."
Hagumi: ... 'Thread of fate'? I don't get it, but we're companions, right?!
Kaoru: That is correct. We are sailors aboard a boat with the same goal! Kindred spirits.
Hagumi: ... 'Kindred spirits'? It's hard to understand what you're saying, but it's super cool, Kaoru-kun!
Hagumi: Let's take that 'spirit' to make people smile and use it with these new outfits~! Go~!


<Forget it!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Edogawa - Music]

Hagumi: Oh, so that's what this effect pedal does! What about this one?
Hagumi: Oh, okay. I see... It adds a warbling effect... Hmm~... 'Warbling'? What does that even mean...?!
Hagumi: Ah, this is cute! Maybe I'll go with this one!
Hagumi: Interesting, this one has time effects. So we can use this in our songs? Alright, I'll buy it!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Phew, I think we got some good shopping done. I'm glad you were there, {{userName}}-san!
Hagumi: If I were by myself, I wouldn't have had a clue which effect pedal to go with!
Hagumi: After I told my older brother we were getting new costumes, he said maybe I should get another effect pedal too. That's why I came to look.
Hagumi: And he told me that you can use them to make your sound have a farther reach, which means we could make things a lot more enjoyable!
Hagumi: A new outfit and a new effect pedal! This show is gonna be so much fun!
Hagumi: Actually, this is still a secret, but we're gonna be doing something super cool during the concert!
Hagumi: Michelle is gonna fly, and Kokoro is gonna teleport!
Hagumi: ... Ah! Wait! Never mind! Michelle's not gonna fly!
Hagumi: No, it's not magic! We wouldn't do anything like that~!
Hagumi: Besides, our new costumes have nothing to do with magic. Forget everything I just said!
Hagumi: Really?! You really forgot?!
Hagumi: Phew, thank goodness. I promised Kokoron and the others that I wouldn't tell anyone until we actually put the outfits on!
Hagumi: So let everything from today leave your brain! Oh, but remember the part where we chose an effect pedal together!
Hagumi: Forget the part where I said we were gonna do magic! Ah, I said it again! Scratch that last part too!
Hagumi: That's a promise, okay~?! You can never break it!
