395_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 Cured By a Prince

<White Day at the Meat Shop>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Hii-chan, Tomo-chin, good job with rehearsal today~! Here you go! The croquettes and fried meat cakes you've been waiting for~!
Himari: Thanks, Hagu! Mmm, croquettes are the best after practice as always!
Tomoe: The fried meat cake is pretty good too. Here, want a bite?
Himari: Wah~, don't tempt me, Tomoe! I'm on a diet right now! I'm only allowed to eat a certain amount of food every day.
Tomoe: ... Says the person stuffing her face with a croquette.
Hagumi: Hii-chan, make sure you come by tomorrow too! And bring Kaoru-kun and Mii-kun with you!
Himari: I hope Kaoru-senpai and Misaki-chan can join us tomorrow. They stayed behind today to do a final check for the singing parts.
Tomoe: Makes sense. The show is coming up really soon. It's time for me to get fired up too!
Himari: And I have acting practice with the theater club tomorrow! I plan to work as hard as I can, so I can get even better at performing!
Hagumi: Yep, White Day is right around the corner! Gotta prepare! Hm... Hmm~...
Hagumi: White Day, White Day... Hmm~, what to do...?
Himari: H-Hagu? Is something wrong?
Hagumi: Uhm, so... You know how lots of stores are having White Day specials right now?
Tomoe: Yeah... Now that you mention it, a bunch of them are doing something for the holiday.
Hagumi: Exactly~! I heard that the knick-knack stop over there stocked up on White Day items!
Tomoe: Interesting... That sweets shop is using some special, limited-time wrap too.
Himari: Ah! The white and blue bouquets they have in front of that flower shop are so cute~! Wow, they've got the perfect White Day vibe going!
Hagumi: I know, right?! It looks like everyone's having so much fun! Whenever there's something like this happening, downtown really comes alive~!
Hagumi: That's why I want us to have a special too...
Himari: But your shop just sells meat, right? What could a store like that do for White Day?
Tomoe: Yeah, I haven't seen a store that sells meat have a White Day special before.
Hagumi: Neither have I~!
Hagumi: But still! We didn't do anything for Valentine's Day, and we're not doing anything now either...
Hagumi: Christmas chicken is the only seasonal item we have going for us! That's so boring~!
Hagumi: Even people who sell meat want to enjoy different holidays and events!
Hagumi: So, Tomo-chin, Himari-chan, can you help me think of something?!
Tomoe: Hmm~, White Day for people who sell meat, huh? I wonder what would work...
Himari: Meat... Ah, I know! Couldn't you do a hamburg steak in the shape of a heart?
Himari: And if you use ketchup, you could draw even more hearts on it. That'd be such a romantic dinner!
Hagumi: Wow, Hii-chan~! While we're at it, we can make them super jumbo sized! That'd be so much cuter!
Tomoe: That's... romantic...?
Himari: You don't think so~...? Ah, okay! What about instead of ketchup, you use white sauce?! Wouldn't that make it feel like White Day?!
Hagumi: Oh, alright! Yeah, that does feel more like the holiday!
Hagumi: And to go with it, we'll make the cream croquettes half-price! That works too, right?!
Tomoe: Nah, that's pretty much just a regular sale, Hagumi. Not to mention, you already do that on normal days sometimes too.
Himari: Aww~. Okay, so what do you think she should do, Tomoe?
Tomoe: Let's see... Instead of doing the half-price thing, why don't you try making a special, White Day cream croquette or something like that?
Hagumi: Amazing idea, Tomo-chin! And then, people who buy two of those can get a third one for free!
Himari: Y-you're back to making it a sale again, Hagu! And hey, my hamburg steak was pretty much the same idea, Tomoe~!
Himari: ... You know, with all this talking about cream croquettes, now I really want one~!
Tomoe: Ahaha, didn't you just eat? What happened to all that diet stuff you were going on about~?
Tomoe: ... And I know I'm giving you a hard time, but I actually want one too.
Hagumi: Woo~! You guys should eat up! They're freshly made and yummy for your tummy!
Himari: Heyyy, that's so mean~! You can't say that and expect me to not eat one~!
Tomoe: Hagumi, two cream croquettes, please!
Hagumi: Coming right up~! Ehehe, thank you for your purchase~!


<A Kind Prince>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Hagumi: Marina-san! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ah, Hagumi-chan! Hey. Your finger must be okay now, huh?
Hagumi: Mhm! It's all better! The doc said it's good to go too!
Marina: Really?! You girls have rehearsal today, don't you? It's a good thing you can play the bass again!
Hagumi: Yeah, I know, right~?! I've been all excited about it since yesterday~!
Hagumi: ... Huh? Oh, that's true! I don't think I told {{userName}}-san about how you injured your finger!
Hagumi: Oh, you don't know~? Well~, my finger kinda popped during softball practice.
Hagumi: That's okay! Thanks for worrying, {{userName}}-san!
Marina: You weren't allowed to move it, right?
Hagumi: Mhm... But it only took like two weeks to heal, and it wasn't that bad of an injury...
Hagumi: ... But that was around the time when Kaoru-kun asked me to be in her musical.
Hagumi: And since I hurt myself, I couldn't play the bass... So I couldn't be in the show...
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun left me with a job, and I made everything harder for her...
Marina: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: She didn't get mad at all though. Actually, she was worried.
Hagumi: And when we were alone, she said she knew I was giving my all during softball practice, so I shouldn't feel bad about hurting myself.
Hagumi: That even though she's disappointed about not being able to perform together, she's proud that I tried my best!
Marina: ... Oh, I see. Kaoru-san's always so sweet.
Hagumi: Yep! She's so amazing. She's really cool and super nice!
Hagumi: She can take a performance and make it lots of fun with her awesome singing, acting, and guitar playing!
Marina: Fufu, you really enjoyed yourself, huh? That's nice, I wish I could've seen it too.
Hagumi: Mhm! I was having such a good time, I wanted to be on stage with them!
Hagumi: If she ever invites me to be in a show again, I'm definitely gonna take part in it!
Marina: Fufu, sounds exciting. That sure seems like a full plate though, having to play an instrument, dance, and act!
Hagumi: Ngh, I don't think I'm so good at keeping my lines in my head... But I am good at moving my body!
Hagumi: That's why when I get on stage, it'll be for an action scene, where I can be like, "Wham, bam!"
Hagumi: If that ever happens, you guys should come too, okay~?!
