420_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Marie Andromeda

Gacha phrase: You can't give up!

<Secret Meeting>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Ichigaya Residence - Basement]

Kasumi: Looks like everyone's here. Okay, so... Ahem...
Kasumi: Welcome to... the first meeting of the Make Marie Andromeda a Super Popular Mascot Committee~!
Hagumi: Yay! It's finally happening~!
Arisa: The first...? You mean you plan to hold more of these meetings?
Tae: Of course. We're up against Michelle, after all. We have to prepare a solid strategy.
Arisa: Sigh... Just what is this Fluffy Mascot Competition thing anyway? It doesn't make any sense...
Arisa: Whatever. No use complaining about it. Grandma went out and bought these for us when she heard you were coming over. We can snack on them while we talk.
Kasumi: Wow, manju! They look so good~!
Hagumi: I brought something to eat too~! Dad wrapped these up and told me to bring them.
Kasumi: Croquettes from Kitazawa Meats~! Snacking on manju and croquettes while chatting with friends... How fancy~!
Arisa: Manju and croquettes... What an interesting combination... I mean, never mind that! We're not here to hang out and talk. It's a meeting, got it? A meeting~!
Kasumi: Ah! You're right...!
Arisa: By the way, are you really okay with this, Kitazawa-san? If you compete as Marie Andromeda, that means you'll be going up against Michelle...
Tae: You're in for quite the battle.
Kasumi: ... Before we start this meeting, I wanted to see how you feel, Hagu. That's why we're all here today... Are you sure you want to do this? Even if it means facing Michelle?
Hagumi: You guys...
Hagumi: I'll be okay. I already decided to give Michelle a fair fight!
Tae: You sure?
Hagumi: Of course! I plan on taking her on with everything I've got!
Kasumi: I see~. That's great! If that's how you feel, we can continue this meeting worry-free!
Arisa: So you've made up your mind, huh? Alright, then what's the plan?
Kasumi: Well, it's important that she stands out. Hmm~... First, we should focus on not losing! Even if she's up against Michelle!
Tae: Agreed. Losing is not an option!
Arisa: Y-yeah, that part was clear from the beginning... That's why we need a specific strategy to go with...
Hagumi: Hm~... No losing...? So how about I do everything I can to win? Then I won't lose!
Kasumi: Yeah! We just need to win for now!
Arisa: That's why I'm telling you! We need details! Give me details!
Tae: Details... details...
Hagumi: ... Actually, I was thinking... Marie's a rabbit, and they're really speedy, right? So I should move around the same way!
Tae: Yes, rabbits are very fast.
Kasumi: Great idea! You'll be like a cute little bunny running around! Whoosh!
Kasumi: Ah! Hey, what about jumping? Wouldn't that be good too?! She's a rabbit, so she has to leap around!
Hagumi: Awesome idea! How does whooshing around and doing some backflips sound?
Tae: Yes, very rabbit like. I like this plan.
Arisa: Hold on, no one could do backflips wearing that suit! That's impossible!
Kasumi: Hagumi can. Can't you, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Yup! Probably.
Arisa: What?!
Hagumi: Then it's settled! Whoosh and leaps! Yup, I've got this!
Kasumi: Don't forget your opponent is Michelle, though! We need to think up some more ideas. Like...
(Black cut)
Kasumi: Look at all the things we came up with~! With these, victory is ours!
Arisa: ... "Set off fireworks upon entrance"... "Shoot Marie from a cannon"... "Have Marie pose in front of an explosion"...
Arisa: All of these would get the event suspended for sure...
Tae: At the same time, if we can make even one of these happen, we'll win for sure.
Hagumi: Yeah! I think so too!
Arisa: Sigh, you guys wear me out... I can't come up with enough wisecracks to keep up with this...
Hagumi: Thanks for today, everyone! You're all being so nice to me, and you even came up with all these super cool plans!
Hagumi: I won't let you down. I'll make Marie Andromeda really stand out!
Kasumi: Yeah, great! Alright, now to set the mood... Everyone, huddle up!
Arisa: H-huh? Huddle up?!
Tae: Sounds good. Come on, Arisa, you too.
Hagumi: Huddle up! Huddle up!
Arisa: ... F-fine. But just this once.
Kasumi: Hey~, Arisa~! You have to put your arms around the shoulders of the person next to you. Otherwise, it's not a huddle~.
Arisa: I-I know that!
Kasumi: Okay! Hagu, we'll be counting on you!
Hagumi: Leave it to me. Now, let's finish up with a cheer! Three cheers for Marie! You will come out on top! Hip, hip...
Hagumi: Kaboom!
Kasumi & Tae: Kaboom!
Arisa: N-no... You're supposed to say "hooray"!


<Kaboom! Invincible!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: One bite will put a smile on your face! Yummy, yummy croquettes! Get 'em while they're hot!
Hagumi: Ah, {{userName}}-san! Welcome!
Hagumi: Are you here to buy some croquettes? Ehehe, thanks! Today, I recommend the beef croquettes, the deep-fried skewers, and the meatballs~!
Hagumi: Ah, also the vegetable croquettes, and the meat and potato croquettes... Uhh... It's all good!
Hagumi: What~? You're just buying a snack, so you're only getting one? Okay~...
Hagumi: Oh, oh! Then how about a bacon croquette?! They're super tasty!
Hagumi: Alright, here you go~. Are you going to eat here?
Hagumi: Okay! Careful, it's hot!
Hagumi: Hey, can I tell you about something while you eat?
Hagumi: So my dad asked me to be this mascot called Marie Andromeda the other day. So I did.
Hagumi: There was this thing called the Fluffy Mascot Competition, which my dad said would make the downtown area more lively if we won. So I ended up competing.
Hagumi: I thought I was going to be the only one from our neighborhood taking part...
Hagumi: Until I found out Michelle was participating too... I didn't know what to do...
Hagumi: But at the same time, I was really happy! It's not every day you get a chance to go up against Michelle!
Hagumi: She's so amazing! When I compete against her, I have to give it everything I've got!
Hagumi: You think so too, right?!
Hagumi: Huh? The marathon at the end was pretty cool? ... Ah! Were you there watching us?!
Hagumi: Ehehe, really~?
Hagumi: ... I've never really liked competition, at least not until recently. With those kinds of events, someone has to lose... which makes me feel bad.
Hagumi: I realized something though. As long as you do your very best, you end up smiling even if you lose.
Hagumi: But for that to happen, you can't hold back or give up.
Hagumi: You have to fight with all of your heart, right up to the very end... I think that's really important.
Hagumi: That's why I took on Michelle with everything I had!
Hagumi: And I think she understood what I was trying to do, so she ended up fighting as hard as she could as well!
Hagumi: And since we both did our best... it was decided that we'd both work to bring joy to the downtown area!
Hagumi: Together, Michelle and Marie will be unstoppable! The downtown streets are gonna explode with excitement!
Hagumi: You should look forward to Michelle and Marie Andromeda working together!
Hagumi: Ah, looks like you're finished. Right at the end of my story.
Hagumi: Would you like another one? How about... a pizza croquette?!
Hagumi: Ah, you have to get back to CiRCLE~? Too bad~...
Hagumi: Thanks for listening, though!
Hagumi: I guess I'll see you later then! Thanks for stopping by~!
