458_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Our Beginnings

Gacha phrase: We kept swinging to see who could get higher!

<The Ultimate Croquette>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Arisa: Alright... Should we get going?
Kasumi: Yeah, let's go! Hagu~, thanks again for today! It was fun rediscovering all those precious memories!
Saya: Sorry for staying so long, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Ah, wait. My dad said you guys should stay for dinner while you're here! We're even allowed to eat in my room!
Kasumi: Huh? Dinner?! Here, with you guys?!
Hagumi: Of course! We've got some new recipes for our popular croquettes we're trying out, so he'd really like to get your opinion on them!
Saya: Oh~, new croquettes for Kitazawa Meats, huh~? That does sound good~.
Hagumi: Doesn't it~? Plus, I wanna eat dinner with all of you, so it's perfect! Right, Kaa-kun?
Kasumi: Uhm... I really want to, but... I should really head home. It's getting late...
Hagumi: Fufu~♪ It's okay! My dad said he'll drive you home!
Kasumi: What? Really?! Yay~! Then I'm staying for dinner! Ah, I better call my parents!
Arisa: Jeez, Kasumi, your mood swings are crazy fast...
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Ta-da~! Thanks for waiting~! These are my dad's new special croquettes!
Kasumi: Wow! There's a whole mountain of them! Check it out, Arisa!
Arisa: Calm down, will you? You're way too excited.
Saya: I can see why! They're fresh, and they smell amazing.
Hagumi: There's a lot of different types, so we'll try them all one by one!
Kasumi: Okay~! I can't wait to see what kind of croquettes we get~♪
Hagumi: Alright, first up, the Italian croquette! This one is filled with cheese and a special meat sauce!
Kasumi: Wow! Cheese?! Meat sauce...?! That already sounds tasty! Alright... Let's eat!
Kasumi: Mmm! Gasp! Wow...!
Saya: The cheese and meat sauce fill your mouth the minute you take a bite... This is delicious!
Arisa: No kidding, these are amazing... The potato and meat sauce work so well together...
Hagumi: Yay~! Thank you~! Those Italian croquettes are my dad's favorite!
Kasumi: These will sell for sure! I'd probably buy one every single day!
Hagumi: Ehehe♪ Dad will be happy to hear that! Okay, next up are... these round ones! We call them American croquettes!
Arisa: American croquettes...? So is there a hamburger inside?
Hagumi: You have the right idea, Aa-chan! But nope, there's no hamburger inside. Instead, we've filled this one with popcorn!
Kasumi: Popcorn?! Inside a croquette?! H-how original... Alright, let's give it a go~.
Saya: Well... The texture is... interesting? The taste is surprisingly good...
Arisa: Th-they're sucking up all the moisture from my mouth...
Kasumi: Hagu~, sorry, but could I have some water...? Cough...
Hagumi: H-huh? I guess something is off about the American croquettes. I see, I see... Looks like we've still got some work to do... Alright, let's move on to the next one!
Hagumi: We've visited Italy and America, so next up is China!
Kasumi: A dumpling inside a croquette... Hagu, your dad's imagination is something else...
Arisa: Still, is there really any point to putting it inside?
Saya: Well, let's give it a taste. Maybe being made into a croquette will change the flavor somehow. You never know.
Kasumi: Alright, here we go. Munch... Mmm! Wow, the dumpling inside is huge! ... Actually, this isn't that bad...
Saya: Yeah... You still can't call it good either, though...
Arisa: I was thinking the same thing. Something doesn't seem right about these two flavors being mixed together... Wouldn't it be better to just eat them separately?
Hagumi: I see, I see~. Looks like there's still room for improvement here too. I'll tell my dad.
Kasumi: Ah, I'm sorry we're being like this, Hagu. You're treating us to dinner and everything...
Hagumi: No, it's fine! I'm sure my dad will be happy to hear what you have to say! Your opinions are important to him!
Kasumi: Hey, Hagu! What about these croquettes? We haven't tried them yet.
Hagumi: Ah, sorry! I forgot to mention these! This is the Russian-style croquette! Take a bite to see what's inside!
Kasumi: Russian...? What could it be?! I can't wait! Alright, down the hatch it goes~! ... Mmm?! I-it's-...!
Arisa: A croquette... inside a bigger croquette?!
Hagumi: That's right! It's one of Kitazawa Meats' classic croquettes wrapped inside another! The ultimate croquette!
Arisa: A croquette inside of a croquette... But why is it Russian...? Ah, it's because of those matryoshka dolls, right? You know, the ones with more dolls inside them...
Arisa: Still... I don't really see the point.
Saya: Yeah... Other than the breadcrumb coating being inside, this is just a normal croquette...
Kasumi: It's still good though! These are delicious! I think this one's my favorite!
Hagumi: Right?! This was my top pick too! Kaa-kun, I knew we'd feel the same!


<Where We Send Our Wishes>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Let's see... Tanzaku go in this box, and we'll put the other decorations in this bag.
Marina: Ah, hello, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Ah, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Marina: Are you helping out the shop today?
Hagumi: Yup, that's right! Tanabata's over now, so I'm taking down all the decorations and tanzaku!
Marina: I see. It's awful hot out too. You must be tired.
Hagumi: Nope. I love hot days, so I'm fine! Although the sweat makes it harder to undo the strings tying the tanzaku to the tree.
Marina: Huh? You're taking the tanzaku off the branches one by one?
Hagumi: Yeah, of course!
Hagumi: Every single one of these has a special wish written on them. Dad said I need to handle them with care!
Marina: I see... Now that you mention it, I suppose you're right.
Hagumi: Besides, Kaa-kun and I were able to reunite in high school because of the wishes we wrote on our tanzaku!
Marina: Reunite...? Did you two know each other before?
Hagumi: Huh? I haven't told you? A long time ago, Kaa-kun and I would meet every week and play together at this one park we went to as kids!
Hagumi: But then that park got torn down... And since we didn't have any other chances to meet, we lost touch until we met again in high school!
Marina: Wow, I didn't know that~. What a coincidence.
Hagumi: It wasn't a coincidence, Marina-san! The power of Tanabata granted the wishes on our tanzaku!
Marina: Ah, I see. So that's what happened.
Hagumi: I just remembered this recently, but Kaa-kun was the one who taught me how to climb trees!
Marina: Really~? I would never have guessed. I'd think you'd be better at climbing trees than Kasumi-chan.
Hagumi: Kaa-kun's really amazing though~. She can climb a tree in the blink of an eye! And once she taught me how to do it, I had loads of fun!
Hagumi: Maybe the reason I like being active now is because of what Kaa-kun taught me back then.
Hagumi: This was before I started softball, after all.
Marina: Then maybe if you had kept playing together, Kasumi-chan would have started playing softball too.
Hagumi: Ah, you're right! She probably would have!
Hagumi: We have a practice game coming up, so maybe I'll ask Kaa-kun to come along!
Hagumi: I'm sure she would get super good right away!
Hagumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! You should come see her debut! I'll be doing my best too~!
Marina: Fufu. I look forward to it.
Hagumi: Ah, I'll make sure to focus on the band too, of course!
Hagumi: My friends, the band, and softball! Ehehe. There's so much fun stuff going on, I can't help but smile~.
