465_Hagumi Kitazawa_R2 Grand Adventure!

<For Michelle>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Hagumi: Hmm, a map, a map... How should I make this thing...?
Kokoro: Hagumi! Come join us for lunch!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron!
Kokoro: It's so nice outside today, I thought we could eat on the roof! Misaki went ahead to save us a spot!
Kokoro: ... Oh, you were drawing?
Hagumi: Mhm, I got extra paper from the art teacher, so I was making a treasure map.
Kokoro: Wow! What a lovely idea! Why'd you choose to make one of those, though?
Hagumi: You remember how fun our trip to Happy Happy Island was?!
Hagumi: Well, that also made me think that Michelle might feel like she was left out...
Hagumi: So I wanted to make a treasure map so that we could take her on an adventure too!
Kokoro: Oh, wow! That sounds like a blast! I'm sure Michelle will love it!
Kokoro: How long do you think it'll take you to finish it?
Hagumi: I've only got the title so far, so it'll probably be a while...
Hagumi: I still haven't even picked what the treasure will be and where to hide it~.
Kokoro: Hmm, what you're looking for on the journey is really important!
Kokoro: I think it should be something that'll make her smile once she sees it!
Hagumi: Something she'll smile at... Like berries or honey?
Kokoro: Good thinking, Hagumi! That would do the trick for any bear!
Hagumi: Now we need a place to hide the treasure!
Kokoro: Alright, what about our mountain?
Hagumi: Your family has a mountain?
Kokoro: Yeah, and it's super big! It'd be a really fun trip for sure!
Hagumi: That's an awesome idea! You can't think of bears without thinking of mountains! She might enjoy it just as much as an amusement park!
Hagumi: Oh, I know! If we're gonna do that, we've gotta bury the treasure at the very top!
Kokoro: Really? Why's that?
Hagumi: Then we can make the most out of our time on the mountain~!
Hagumi: It'll make for so many great memories with Michelle! Memories of a fun adventure!
Kokoro: I can't believe you thought of something so amazing! You must be a treasure-map-making genius!
Kokoro: The mountain we've got is pretty tall! It'll take us about a day to get to the top! We'll have so much time to play with her!
Hagumi: Yeah, that's good! And I'm sure all that climbing will make Michelle happy too!
Misaki: Kokoro, hello? Does it really take this long to get Hagumi?
Hagumi: Ah, Mii-kun! I'm sorry. It was my fault. I distracted her.
Kokoro: Our conversation got us really excited! It's okay though, we can get to eating now.
Misaki: I sure hope so... And what exactly are you drawing, Hagumi?
Misaki: Hm? It says "Treasure Map" at the top... What is this?
Hagumi: Ehehe, something really fun!
Kokoro: Yep, I can't wait to see Michelle's reaction!
Misaki: My gut tells me I'm in for a bad time... I hope this turns out okay.


<Here's a Souvenir!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Circle - Lobby]

Hagumi: Ahh, I finally found you! {{userName}}-san~!
Hagumi: Where've you been~?! I've been looking all over for you~! And after I brought you a souvenir and everything.
Hagumi: Here ya go! Take good care of it, okay?!
Hagumi: ...? Isn't it obvious?! It's a mask with the power to keep evil spirits away! Ehehe, really cool souvenir, huh?
Hagumi: I decided to get you this because you're always there looking after us.
Hagumi: This is gonna protect you from all the bad stuff! You can feel at ease as long as you have it!
Hagumi: ... You wanna know where I got it from? Ah, I thought I told you already. The members of Hello, Happy World! and I went to Happy Happy Island!
Hagumi: It's a southern island with a super-duper pretty ocean, and while we were there, we did some treasure hunting. We have so many fun moments to remember that trip by!
Hagumi: We started exploring the cave, and then, "Whoosh!" Bats came flying right out of it! We also ran into the ghost of a pirate... Wait, that doesn't sound right...
Hagumi: Welp, the little details aren't important!
Hagumi: Anyway, in the end, we made a totally awesome discovery: a dinosaur fossil! What an amazing adventure that was! Wouldn't you agree?!
Hagumi: Huh? You mean the mask? No, that wasn't the treasure! The fossil was!
Hagumi: We bought the mask at the souvenir shop! They said the people on the island make every single one of them by hand!
Hagumi: They said you can put it to work right away if you place it somewhere with a lot of people!
Hagumi: ... Ah! In that case, you'd be better off hanging it up here than at your house, no?
Hagumi: That way, it'll protect Marina-san and all the people of CiRCLE!
Hagumi: I think that means you have to put it in a place where everyone can see it! Right above the reception area would be perfect!
Hagumi: Oh, or maybe near the entrance! That'll stop the bad things from ever coming inside!
Hagumi: Ehehe, let me know when you decide where to put it!
