476_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 Mid Summer Jump!

Gacha phrase: Here I come~! Hagumi Attack!

<I Can't Do Cute!>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kasumi: Nnn, that beach trip can't come soon enough, huh?! So, what kind of swimsuit are you going with, Hagu?
Hagumi: Hm? Just the one I wear to school.
Kasumi: Just that?! Come on, that's such a waste!
Kasumi: You've gone through all this trouble to plan a trip, so at least get something for the occasion!
Hagumi: B-but going out and buying a new swimsuit... That's embarrassing, y'know...
Kasumi: How about I go with you?! It's always less embarrassing when you're not alone, right?!
Hagumi: You'll go with me?! Thanks so much, Kaa-kun!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Shopping Mall - Swimsuit Store]

Kasumi: Hagu, have a look at this green swimsuit! Oh oh, and this orange one! They're all so adorable!
Hagumi: Y-yeah...
Kasumi: What's up, Hagu? Everything alright?
Hagumi: I figured as much, but... Turns out I've got no sense for this kinda stuff... I dunno which one to get...
Kasumi: I get what you mean! Having so many options makes it hard to decide. Here, why don't I pick out a few to help narrow down the choices?!
Hagumi: Thanks again, Kaa-kun...
Kasumi: In fact, I have some right here! Couldn't help myself! How about... this one and this one?!
Kasumi: This one is precious with its big ribbon, and the frills on the other have a nice length to them~! Which one do you like best?
Hagumi: Th-there's no way I could wear something so cute! Just look at me!
Hagumi: Besides, I've never worn anything like that before! I'll look silly!
Kasumi: Don't be so hard on yourself! It'll look great on you!
Kasumi: You're actually really adorable, I'll have you know! Whether it's cutesy or if it's got a mature vibe, either way, you'll make it work!
Hagumi: Y-you really think so...?
Kasumi: Absolutely! Your usual look is nice too. Something a bit sporty could suit you!
Kasumi: The first step is just trying one on! Once you're in front of that mirror, the hard part is over!
Hagumi: Hmm... I hope you're right...
Hagumi: ... Kaa-kun, you're the best! Thanks for giving me the courage to do this!
Hagumi: ... Alright! Gonna go change now. Back in a jiffy!
Kasumi: Okay! Let me know when you're done.
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

Hagumi: ... Kaa-kun? You there~?
Kasumi: Yeah, right here~! All done changing?! Let's see what we're working with!
Hagumi: Y-yeah, I am... So, wh-what'cha think about... this one...?
Kasumi: ... Hagu!! Aren't you just the cutest thing ever~! How can you even be so adorable?!
Hagumi: R-really? You're not just saying that, right?! I don't look like a weirdo?!
Kasumi: Oh, knock it off with that! No 'weirdos' here! Awww, I just wanna hug you till you pop!
Kasumi: Arisa and the others will think so, too! I'd bet money on it!
Hagumi: Hehe... You're sweet, Kaa-kun...
Hagumi: If you're willing to go that far, then I guess you have to be right! Maybe it does look good on me! ... Yup, that settles it!
Hagumi: Kaa-kun, I'm gonna buy this one, for sure!
Kasumi: Glad to hear it! I think it's the best choice!
Hagumi: ... Hehe, makes me happy to get to wear something this cute~.
Hagumi: I can't thank ya enough for helping me out today, Kaa-kun!
Kasumi: You're welcome! Now you go on that trip and you have some fun!
Hagumi: You got it! Just think, I'll get to show everybody the cute outfit I got today... I can't wait~!


<What's Important Is Teamwork>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE - Reception Area]

Hagumi: {{userName}}-san! Fancy meeting you here!
Hagumi: I got you a souvenir~! Be sure to share 'em with everybody at the studio!
Hagumi: Mhm, they're from the beach... H-how'd you guess that?!
Hagumi: So, Marina-san told you already! I should've guessed as much~!
Hagumi: Lemme tell ya, the beach... was super crazy fun!
Hagumi: The scenery was like something from a postcard, and there were just so many fish! I even got to swim with 'em!
Hagumi: I'm so glad that we went~!
Hagumi: Yeah, I always go to the beach with my family, but my big bro caught a cold, so we had to call it off.
Hagumi: So there I was, thinking that I couldn't go this year, but I was actually able to with Eve-chin and the others!
Hagumi: Oh, and there was that one thing... Kokoron freaked us all out when she said she found a shark!
Hagumi: And she just started swimming up to it like a crazy person! "I wanna see it!" I thought she was gonna get gobbled up!
Hagumi: But when we got a closer look, it turned out to just be a plank of wood...! Can you believe that?! I was scared stiff!
Hagumi: And you probably already heard this from Marina-san, but we signed up for a watermelon-splitting contest, too!
Hagumi: Yup, you heard right! Aa-chan was the one who ended up splatting the watermelon!
Hagumi: I wanted to try as well, but I just barely missed it during our practice round~! Grrr!
Hagumi: The game is much harder than I thought!
Hagumi: In the end, though, Aa-chan was the best choice!  We won, thanks to her!  She even cracked it straight in two!
Hagumi: I did well, though! I really did! We were shouting out help 'n all, and I was like "Heeey! Go left, Aa-chan!"
Hagumi: Just wish I was better at teaching people stuff. I never know how to explain what I'm thinking...
Hagumi: Then again, when I went skiing with Maya-san, I found out that I can get my point across if I try my best...!
Hagumi: So, I'll keep trying as hard as I can! Hehe, I can be a pretty hard worker, y'know!
Hagumi: Hehehe, thanks!
Hagumi: Yeah, teamwork is what helped us win! It's important to stick together and give it your all!
Hagumi: Y'know... coaching is fun 'n all, but... I really wanna smash that melon!
Hagumi: Let's have another contest! And this time, it'll be at CiRCLE!
Hagumi: It'll be a band-versus-band competition, and we'll come out on top! Everyone is sure to have a great time~!
Hagumi: Marina-san will be the judge next time, too! So, you think it's a good idea?!
Hagumi: Come on, I bet you wanna do it, too! Hehehe, think about it and lemme know what you decide, {{userName}}-san!
