568_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Himari Style

Gacha phrase: Leave the rest to me!

<Flea Markets Are the Best!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Hagumi: I was so excited about practice, I got here a little early. I wonder if anyone else has arrived yet...
Kokoro: Why, if it isn’t Hagumi! You sure are early today!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron! And Kano-chan-senpai, too!
Kanon: Good morning, Hagumi-chan.
Kokoro: I ran into Kanon earlier. It doesn't look like we'll be able to start our session yet, so let's chat out here for a while!
Hagumi: Okay, sounds good!
Kokoro: Just a while ago, I saw this super awesome bunch of people! They were all carrying these toys and huge bags and looked like they were having a fantastic time!
Kokoro: I was in my car at that time, so I wasn't sure what it was... But everyone just had on the most lovely smiles!
Hagumi: What?! Really?! That's nice. Wish I could've seen it too~!
Kanon: Toys and huge bags... Maybe they were going to the flea market?
Kanon: Speaking of which, I heard from Chisato-chan that she took part in a flea market along with you guys, Hagumi-chan. Could it be the same one...?
Hagumi: Yeah! I was a part of the flea market! We sold a ton of stuff, and it was so much fun!
Kanon: Really? That's good to hear. I had things to do on that day, but I was curious as to how it went.
Kokoro: Flea market...? What's that? Sounds like a lot of fun!
Hagumi: It totally was! There were lots of people there. And there were games and comics and clothes... Lots of stuff you can buy!
Kokoro: Oh? That sure does sound like bunches of fun!
Kanon: Uhhh, Kokoro-chan. A flea market is a place where even people who don't own shops can sell things. You can sell and buy stuff there.
Kokoro: So people who don't have shops can open up a store there?
Kanon: Mhm. Though, you can only sell things during that time.
Kokoro: Okay, I get it! So, Hagumi, what stuff did you sell?
Hagumi: I put out an old game and some other stuff I had! A little kid bought the game! You should've seen the smile on that face!
Hagumi: That game was really interesting, so I hope the kid is enjoying it as we speak...
Kanon: I'm sure they are. After all, it was precious and filled with your memories, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: I wonder... Ehehe, I certainly hope so.
Kanon: Did you end up buying anything? There must have been lots of stuff to choose from...
Hagumi: Yeah, I think I did buy a lot, but I already forgot what!
Kanon: A-ahaha... I see...
Hagumi: I'll tell you later when I remember!
Kanon: O-okay. I look forward to finding out.
Kokoro: Flea market... flea market... Oh yeah! I've been to a flea market before!
Kokoro: My father brought me to one a long time ago!
Hagumi: Really? Aren't they just so fun and exciting?
Hagumi: I always have a hard time deciding what to buy!
Kokoro: Yeah, that's right! My father also said he had a hard time choosing because there's so much he wanted!
Kokoro: But when you want to buy something, it's a bit of a pain, no? You have to give the right signal, so you have to memorize all these hand movements.
Kanon: Huh...?
Hagumi: Hand movements...? I don't remember seeing any.
Kokoro: Yeah. You have to give them the hand signal to show how much you'll pay! Everyone was using them!
Kanon: (Using hand signals to indicate the amount... Could she be talking about an auction instead...?!)
Hagumi: Oh, I see~. So the flea market you went to had that kind of system!
Hagumi: Aren't they just so much fun?
Kokoro: Yeah, I love it because you get to see all these rare items!
Hagumi: Yup, mhm! ... Oh, I know!
Hagumi: We should all join one together! I'm sure it'll be even more fun if we all go!
Kokoro: Great! What a good idea, Hagumi! Let's do that next time!
Kokoro: I'll ask my father if there's one happening anytime soon! Ohh~! I'm so excited!
Hagumi: Okay! And I promise that I'll definitely invite you guys when the next one comes up, too!
Kokoro: Kanon, you'll take part as well, right?
Kanon: Huh?! Uhhh...Y-yes... Right...
Kanon: (Wh-what do I do...? Clearly they're not talking about the same thing, but the conversation has gotten this far...)
Kanon: (Maybe I should intervene somehow...?  But they seem like they're having so much fun...)
Kanon: (Misaki-chan, Kaoru-san... P-please get here soon...!)


<It's My Turn Next>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Hey, everyone! Croquettes, fresh out of the fryer~!!
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan. Two croquettes, please.
Hagumi: Oh, {{userName}}-san and Marina-san! Okay, you got it!
Hagumi: Here you go! Two croquettes.  They're freshly fried, so they're delicious!
Marina: Wow, thanks!
Marina: By the way, I heard from Himari-chan that you girls took part in a flea market the other day.
Hagumi: Yeah! We totally did~!
Hagumi: It was with Hii-chan, Rimi-rin... And Eve-chin and Chisato-senpai, too!
Hagumi: It started with my dad asking me to help out, but I realized I didn't have enough stuff to sell. So I asked for help from everyone!
Marina: So that's what happened. But it was your first time selling stuff at the flea market, right? The preparations must have been hard, no?
Hagumi: It was super-duper rough! There were way more things to prepare than I expected, and I got so confused.
Hagumi: Especially with filling out... the vendor application form? It was really difficult...
Marina: There must have been so many parts to fill out, and it's hard to know where to write what, right?
Hagumi: Yeah, exactly! Even the explanations on the form were so technical. My head was spinning.
Hagumi: I asked my dad for help, but even then it was full of mistakes... I'm just not good at this type of thing~...
Hagumi: In the end, it was Chisato-senpai who helped me to fill it out correctly!
Hagumi: Oh, but she didn't just help with the application form, she also gave us lots of guidance in other areas too!
Marina: That sounds just like Chisato-chan~.  If only I could pull myself together like she has~...
Hagumi: So the flea market actually went well because of Chisato-senpai, along with the others who helped as well!
Marina: Hmm... I'm sure some of the success was thanks to the others...
Marina: But you need to give yourself some credit, too. I'm sure seeing you work so hard made them wanna give you a hand.
Marina: In that sense, I think that the flea market went well because of everyone, you included.
Hagumi: R-really...?
Marina: Yep, definitely!
Hagumi: I see... I hope so... Ehehe.
Hagumi: Chisato-senpai helped me out so much with the flea market, though... I just hope one day I can return the favor when she needs help~.
Hagumi: I know! How about I bring her some croquettes for lunch this week?
Marina: Yeah! I think that's a good idea. I'm sure she'll be delighted since your family's croquettes are so delicious.
Marina: What do you think,  {{userName}}-san...? Huh...? Instead of giving her croquettes, why not try inviting her out to lunch?
Hagumi: Wow! That's an excellent idea!
Hagumi: I'll try asking her tomorrow~! Thanks, {{userName}}-san! Marina-san!
Marina: Don't mention it.  I hope Chisato-chan will appreciate it.
Hagumi: Yeah! Ehehe, it's gonna be so much fun~!
