682_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Flower-Blooming Smiles

Gacha phrase: We have to make sure to protect everyone's smile.

<The Root of Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Hagumi: Oh no! Whoa, this looks bad...! Man, where in the world is this story heading~...?
Hagumi: What?! They're bringing that up now...?! Wow~, this is getting good~!
Kokoro: Hagumi! Come have lunch with us!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron! Just a minute! I'm almost done reading this chapter!
Kokoro: Misaki? What is Hagumi doing?
Misaki: She's obsessing over that manga. Her eyes have been glued to it for a while now.
Kokoro: It does seem pretty interesting! The look on her face says it all!
Misaki: She's completely lost in her own world from the looks of it. Ah, I think she's done now.
Hagumi: Sorry for the wait~! Kokoron, Mii-kun! Alright, let's put our desks together~!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Ahhh, that was awesome~. Another yummy bento for my tummy~.
Kokoro: Hey, Hagumi. What kind of manga were you reading? You were really enjoying yourself over there.
Hagumi: Ah, that! Man, it's so good! I'll have to thank Moca-chi for telling me about it~.
Misaki: Oh, so it was a recommendation from Aoba-san?
Hagumi: Yeah, remember how we ran into her during our Smile Patrol the other day? It's the same manga that she told us about!
Misaki: Ah, that one. I remember her wanting a copy for her collection. Is it really that good?
Hagumi: Remember how Moca-chi gave up half of her bread for it? And she loves bread! That's what got me interested, so I asked her about it afterward.
Hagumi: She gave me a quick rundown of the story, and it sounded so good that I went and bought a copy for myself!
Misaki: Whoa, I guess that answers my question.
Kokoro: What is it about?! I'm dying to know!
Misaki: Yeah, I wonder what kind of story could have Hagumi so hooked. Can't deny that I'm interested, too.
Hagumi: Uhhh, it's a manga with a lot of battles~... It's all "boom" with some "wham bam pow" mixed in! That kind of thing!
Misaki: ... You've lost me.
Hagumi: Sorry~. I can't make it sound as exciting as Moca-chi did~.
Hagumi: The best way to find out is to read it for yourself! I'll lend you the first volume now that I'm done with it!
Kokoro: Wonderful! Are you sure that you don't mind?
Hagumi: Not one bit!
Hagumi: Ah, wait...! In return, could you maybe lend me something that makes you smile, Kokoron?!
Kokoro: I don't see why not. But what do you mean, exactly?
Hagumi: Well, do you remember all the trading we did with the people we met on our Smile Patrol?
Misaki: Oh yeah, I do. Our Straw-Millionaire adventure.
Kokoro: Yes, I remember all the beautiful smiles from that day!
Hagumi: Right! I was thinking about this while reading Moca-chi's manga.
Hagumi: All those trades we did to make everyone happy, I think they might have been the root of all those smiles!
Misaki: The root of their smiles, huh?
Hagumi: Uh-huh! Those things are what helped the smiles blossom!
Kokoro: You are absolutely right, Hagumi! All the things we passed along that day were like the seeds to their happiness!
Hagumi: So yeah, that's why I'd like to get my hands on whatever causes you guys to smile!
Misaki: I see. I think I get what you're saying.
Kokoro: What a wonderful idea! Let's trade then! Taking what makes each of us smile and sharing that joy with other people sounds lovely!
Misaki: Not a bad idea, I've got to admit.
Hagumi: You really think so?! Awesome~! Okay, Mii-kun! You're up! Whatcha got for me?
Misaki: Hm, maybe I can share another manga recommendation with you. It has a story you can really get into, I promise.
Hagumi: Yaaay~! I get to find out Mii-kun's taste in manga? This is going to be so much fun~!


<A New Encounter>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Hagumi: Whoa, they finally know the secret of that power~. Man, this manga is so cool~.
Marina: Hagumi-chan! Hello!
Hagumi: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Hm? Is it already time for your rehearsal? I could have sworn it wasn't for another hour...
Hagumi: No, you're right. I decided to come a little early today.
Marina: So you have. By the way, thanks for the other day. Agreeing to do that show on such short notice really saved our skin.
Hagumi: No problem! It was so much fun! Thanks for the invite♪
Marina: Oh, and I almost forgot! Your croquettes! They were so delicious!
Hagumi: Hehehe. My dad's croquettes are the best in the world~.
Marina: So, what were you reading just now that had you in such a good mood?
Hagumi: Oh, this? It's a manga that Moca-chi recommended to me a while back!
Hagumi: The story sounded so awesome that I went out and bought a copy with my allowance!
Marina: Wow, now you've got me interested~. Have you always been a fan of manga? I never pictured you as that type.
Hagumi: No, I normally don't read this kind of stuff.
Hagumi: But now I can't put it down, so I think I'm going to read the rest of the series, too!
Hagumi: If we hadn't gone on that patrol, I probably would have never found out about this manga!
Hagumi: But we did. And thanks to that, I've got a new favorite story to sink my teeth into.
Hagumi: It's nice finding new things that make you smile, huh?
Hagumi: If we continue with the Smile Patrol, I'm sure that I'll find many more things to like! Isn't that so cool?!
Marina: Yeah, I think it's wonderful to learn to like things that other people are interested in.
Hagumi: I know, right?! That's why we want to keep our Smile Patrol going and going!
Hagumi: And once I've filled my head with new stuff to like, I'll be sure to tell you guys all about it~!
Marina: Oh, we're definitely looking forward to that.
Hagumi: Alright, I'm gonna give a million percent to the band and the Smile Patrol~!
Hagumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! See you guys later!
