750_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 Breathtaking Fireworks

<Hagumi in a Rut!>

(Character: Saya Yamabuki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Thanks for stopping by! See you again soon~!
Hagumi: Sigh...
Saya: You sound tired, Hagumi.
Hagumi: Ah, Saya~! Welcome, welcome~!
Saya: Hard at work, I see. I'll take the usual, five croquettes.
Hagumi: Coming right up! Hang tight!
Saya: ... Hagumi? What was up with that exhausted sighing from earlier?
Hagumi: Well... I'm in a bit of a jam, you see.
Saya: A jam?
Hagumi: Uh-huh... You see, I'm planning on going to the fireworks festival with the rest of the band.
Saya: Wow~! That sounds like a lot of fun! All the cool stands and whatnot. That should make for an exciting day...
Hagumi: Y-yeah! I'm looking forward to it!
Hagumi: We were going to wear our yukata and everything...
Saya: H-huh? You make it sound like there is a problem...
Hagumi: You see, my parents made plans for that day. They have to attend a local meeting, and they don't know when they'll be back home.
Saya: Ah, I see. In other words, you might have to watch the store and miss out on the festival...
Hagumi: No, no! The store will be closed that day, so I'm not worried about that.
Saya: So what is it, then...?
Hagumi: Uhm... I don't know anyone who can help me put on the yukata!
Hagumi: I tried doing it by myself, but the sash got all tangled up...
Hagumi: I don't want to be the only one walking around in my normal clothes~!
Saya: Hahaha, I bet. That does sound like a drag.
Saya: Say, why don't I help you out?
Hagumi: Huh? You know how?
Saya: Sure, more or less.
Hagumi: Awesome~! Wait... are you sure? Isn't it kinda complicated?
Saya: Funnily enough, I'm planning on going to the festival with the rest of Poppin'Party.
Saya: I've helped Kasumi with putting her yukata on before, so... I'll probably have to do it again this year.
Saya: So why don't I help you out at the same time? I can do the tough parts. How does that sound?
Hagumi: For real?! Yes, please! Yay~! Thanks, Saya~!
Saya: Fufu, you're welcome.
Saya: You can stop by my place that morning. Putting on a yukata can take a long time.
Hagumi: Whatever you say, Saya-sensei!
Saya: Fufufu, Kasumi called me the same thing.
Saya: Anyway, here is the money for the croquettes. That should be enough.
Hagumi: Ah! I forgot about the croquettes! Sorry, I'll go get them right now!
Saya: That yukata problem was really weighing on your mind, huh?
Hagumi: Totally! You have no idea how stressed I was!
Hagumi: Sorry for the wait! Here is a little present for being such a big help! A few extra freebies!
Saya: You didn't need to do all that.
Saya: Whoa! There are ten in here! Talk about generous~.
Saya: Thank you. I'm sure my family will enjoy these.
Hagumi: I should be thanking you! Now the fireworks will be even more fun!
Hagumi: Oh boy, the festival can't come soon enough~! I seriously can't wait~!
Saya: Hahaha, a new problem to replace the old one.
Hagumi: Come on, I bet you want it to come sooner too!
Saya: Of course! Let's be sure to make the most of it!


<The Best Memory>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: {{userName}}-san! Hey there~!
Hagumi: That's a big bag you've got. Did you go shopping? You should pop into our shop and buy some croquettes too!
Hagumi: I helped make today's batch~! My best ones to date!
Hagumi: Ah, but Dad is on store duty today, so you won't see me if you do stop by!
Hagumi: Yeah, it's my day off. I'm on my way to go play!
Hagumi: ... Huh? My bag? Oh, you mean the brooch on it?
Hagumi: Hehehe, cute, isn't it~?! I've grown pretty fond of it!
Hagumi: It all goes back to that recent fireworks festival. You know the one, right?
Hagumi: The rest of the band and I all went in our yukata. That's where I got this brooch!
Hagumi: While we were there, we got Kano-chan-senpai and Kaoru-kun to help us out with one of the assignments for our summer vacation homework.
Hagumi: The assignment was about making haiku, but I seriously had no idea what to write...
Hagumi: That's when Kano-chan-senpai suggested that we find some pretty scenery and write down exactly how it made us feel!
Hagumi: That's the whole reason why we went to the festival in the first place!
Hagumi: After that, we looked at all the stands, and we even rode on a pleasure boat...
Hagumi: It was all so much fun... The best summer of my life so far!
Hagumi: Huh? Did I actually finish the haiku between all that fun stuff?
Hagumi: Of course I did! It came out super good too!
Hagumi: The others wrote some really great ones too. I'll show them to you when I get a chance!
Hagumi: Hehehe. Sure! It's a promise!
Hagumi: All of us made a promise to go see the fireworks again next year! They can throw all the haiku homework they want at us! We can take it!
Hagumi: Hey, I have an idea! You should join us in making haiku, {{userName}}-san!
Hagumi: It's kind of difficult but also really fun!
Hagumi: Don’t worry! If you have any trouble, I'll give you some pointers!
Hagumi: The next time the band gets together to write haiku, I'll be sure to invite you!
Hagumi: We can iron out the details the next time we're at the studio! Hehehe, I can't wait~.
Hagumi: ... Hey, wait a minute. What time is it?! Ah, I'm running late!
Hagumi: Sorry, but I gotta run! Thanks for chatting with me! Later~!
