759_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Hagumi, Represent!

Gacha phrase: I'll do my best!

<Leave It to Hagumi Part 1>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: Alright, let's get started~.
Misaki: Today, we'll be deciding on a representative to participate in the Girls Band Party group performances.
Misaki: But first, we need to figure out how to make that decision...
Kokoro: Who wants to take part~?!
Hagumi & Kaoru: I do!
Kaoru: It is I, Kaoru Seta, who shimmers most brightly under the stage lights. I must insist on participating.
Hagumi: I want to join in too~! I can't wait to play with everyone!
Kokoro: I would also like to represent the band! We should do it together!
Misaki: Hold the phone! We can only pick one person!
Kanon: And we already know that Kokoro-chan is taking part, don't we?
Kokoro: Oh, really?
Misaki: Yes, really... Come on. All the vocalists are taking part, right?
Kanon: So we need to pick a musician this time.
Misaki: Right, all the parts are being divided up, so they want us to choose a representative first.
Kaoru: Interesting. So only one is to be chosen for the task.
Hagumi: It's too bad we can't all join~.
Misaki: Hey now, it would be kind of rude to try and push all our members onto the others...
Kanon: Hahaha... It does sort of fit our band, though...
Kokoro: Okay, now I understand! So how will we choose, then?
Hagumi: I know! We should use a fun game to decide!
Hagumi: Hello, Happy World! brings smiles to people around the world! Whatever we do should be done with a smile!
Kaoru: Fufu, well said. We must never forget the bliss that comes with smiling... for that is the meaning of Hello, Happy World!
Kokoro: A wonderful idea, Hagumi! Let's decide with something fun!
Kanon: U-uhhh...
Misaki: Hang on. Fun in what way?
Hagumi: You know, fun stuff that's fun~! Something like... Oh! Beach volleyball!
Kokoro: That does sound like fun!
Kaoru: How about blowing bubbles under that gorgeous blue sky? I cannot imagine a more fleeting, more thrilling spectacle.
Hagumi: Wow! Another fun idea from Kaoru-kun!
Misaki: ... For real?
Kanon: You guys, I'm not sure how having fun has anything to do with choosing a representative...
Kokoro: Well, we won't know until we try!
Hagumi: You said it! It'll work itself out!
Kanon: I'm not so sure... Am I the only one who feels this way?
Misaki: Don't worry, Kanon-san. I know exactly where you're coming from.
Misaki: I mean, it's just kinda random...
Kanon: The person we choose will represent the band... Wouldn't it be better to discuss it in a more serious manner?
Hagumi: Hmmm~... All I know is that this is the way I want to decide!
Hagumi: After all, everyone here is a great choice for the job! Talking it over won't change that!
Misaki & Kanon: ...!
Hagumi: Besides, I'll support whoever gets chosen! That's why we should at least have fun while we're at it!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Kokoro: I agree with everything she said!
Kaoru: As do I.
Misaki: What?
Misaki: Look, I get what she's saying, but choosing a representative should be a little more thoughtful...
Hagumi: Alright! Let's make this a super fun election~!
Kokoro & Kaoru: Yeah~!
Misaki: ... Hey! Argh~! How are we going to make any progress like this?!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: ... And with that, it's decided! Hagumi will represent Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: I'll do my best!
Misaki: A-and out of nowhere, Hagumi gets the role...
Kanon: Hahaha... How did they choose just from playing around like that...?
Misaki: Sigh, I'm not so sure about all this~.
Kanon: M-me neither. But it'll all work out, won't it?
Kanon: I think Hagumi-chan is the perfect choice for bringing some energy to the group.
Misaki: Yeah, but honestly, that's what I'm worried about.
Kanon: Huh?
Misaki: Minato-san will be participating too, right? She is an extremely serious person when it comes to music.
Misaki: Kokoro herself is already in a league of her own, but adding Hagumi to the mix is going to cause some serious chaos...
Kanon: N-now that you mention it...! Do you think they'll get upset with her...?
Hagumi: Don't be like that~! Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai! You worry too much~!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: I can take care of myself! I'll make Hello, Happy World! look good!


<Leave It to Hagumi Part 2>

(Character: Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Aya Maruyama, Yukina Minato)

[First Day of Joint Rehearsal]

[Studio]

Hagumi: Good morning, everyone~! Let's get in a lot of practice today~...
Ran: And I'm telling you that the way I played the phrase was the right way to do it!
Yukina: I disagree. The entire part would benefit from toning down the guitar here.
Hagumi: Huh? What's going on? Is everything alright?
Aya: Ah, Hagumi-chan...
Ran: Look, we shouldn't decide anything until everyone is-
Hagumi: Ahhh~! Time out! Fighting is a big no-no, you two!
Ran: Hagumi...?
Hagumi: This is a group rehearsal, so no more fighting from here on out!
Yukina: I would hardly call that a fight. We were merely discussing the songs that the band will perform.
Hagumi: Oh? Is that all?
Aya: We were chatting about the songs since it was just us, but then things got a little heated between Ran-chan and Yukina-chan...
Ran: Obviously. This band is not about to become a laughing stock. Not on my watch.
Yukina: Right. We represent the event, and we must perform accordingly or not perform at all.
Yukina: All I wish is for our playing to be of the highest caliber. I expect as much from you all. Mitake-san, Maruyama-san, Kitazawa-san.
Hagumi: You got it! I'm Hello, Happy World!'s rep! You can count on me!
Hagumi: I've got the spirit and the grit to make this one super-duper cool show!
Yukina: Yes, being chosen for this position means you possess the necessary skills to do exactly that. I look forward to seeing what you can do.
Hagumi: Roger that! I've been studying extra hard lately, so I'm pretty much a bass expert!
Yukina: ... Lately?
Hagumi: Bass guitars have four strings, you know! That's less than what normal guitars have!
Yukina: ...
Aya: Y-Yukina-chan? Are you alright?
Ran: You're looking pretty stiff there.
Yukina: 
Yukina: Pardon me, Kitazawa-san. Exactly how long have you been playing the bass?
Hagumi: Let's see... I started when I joined Hello, Happy World!, so not for too long!
Yukina: ...
Yukina: I am beginning to have my doubts about this...
Hagumi: Oh yeah, I totally get it! Playing with new people for the first time and all that! But I bet we'll have tons of fun together!
Yukina: That is not what I meant...
Ran: These two are like oil and water...
Aya: I'm not sure I follow, but good for you, Hagumi-chan...!
Hagumi: Oh, that reminds me! I brought some goodies along!
Aya: Goodies?
Hagumi: Ta-da! Our one-of-a-kind, super steamy, extra crispy Kitazawa croquettes!
Aya & Ran: C-croquettes...?
Aya: Oh yeah, doesn't Hagumi-chan's family run a meat shop...?
Hagumi: They're a gift from me to you! Get 'em while they're hot!
Hagumi: Charge up those batteries so we can get through rehearsals without a hitch!
Ran: Th-thanks...
Aya: Wow! They are really crispy! And the filling is so fluffy and tasty!
Hagumi: Hehehe, my dad makes the best croquettes around! Hearing how good they are makes me feel proud too~!
Hagumi: Okay! And here are some for you guys!
Yukina: ...
Hagumi: Hehehe, dig in!
Yukina: ... I'll pass.
Hagumi: Huh?! But why? Our croquettes are the best. You don't want one?
Yukina: Because... I am not in the mood for eating.
Hagumi: Are you full? No problem! Our croquettes go down easy!
Yukina: You seem to be misunderstanding me... Hey, Mitake-san...
Ran: You're not gonna get me with that look. Maybe you should just accept the gift that you're given.
Hagumi: Oh no, should I have brought curry croquettes instead of the plain ones?!
Hagumi: I knew I should have brought a bigger variety! I'll rush over and get some for you!
Yukina: Th-that won't be necessary.
Yukina: Sigh... I simply need to try one, yes? Very well.
Hagumi: Go for it! Don't hold back!
Yukina: ... It's good...
Hagumi: Really?!
Yukina: Yes, very much so... I often visit the downtown area, but I did not realize there were croquettes as good as these.
Ran: You didn't know, Minato-san? Hagumi's place is really famous. They've been on TV and everything.
Yukina: ... What is with that look of pride on your face?
Aya: Fufu.
Hagumi: ...? What's so funny, Aya-senpai?
Aya: I was just thinking back on how worried I was about those two getting riled up earlier.
Hagumi: Yeah, I know how important it is to take this joint band seriously and all, but we can't forget the smiles!
Ran: Smiles?
Hagumi: The whole point of Girls Band Party is spreading smiles to others, right?
Hagumi: If so, we can't put on a good time if we have frowns all around!
Ran: I guess so...
Yukina: If she means that we must be wary of how we present ourselves, then there is indeed logic in her words.
Yukina & Ran: ...
Ran: Minato-san, about our conversation earlier...
Yukina: You may do as you wish. However, I expect to see a satisfactory performance.
Ran: As if I need you to tell me that.
Hagumi: Hehehe, we're gonna practice hard today!
