791_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Eyes On Autumn

Gacha phrase: Then our trip to see the leaves was a success!

<Fall for Hello, Happy World!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Restaurant]

Misaki: Should we get started then? If there was anything you noticed during our practice today, go ahead and say it.
Kaoru: Anything I noticed...? Yes, I've realized once again that finishing a song together is ever so fleeting.
Kokoro: I've got nothing! It was fun as usual!
Hagumi: Me too! I had so much fun!
Misaki: Alright, so it was the same as always then. What about you, Kanon-san? Tell us what you thought.
Kanon: U-um... I think that maybe we weren't consistent in keeping the rhythm today. I'd like to be a little more careful next time.
Misaki: ... And as always, thank you, Kanon-san.
Kokoro: Hey, look at this! They have a special fall parfait!
Kaoru: Oh my... What a splendid dessert. How ever did they squeeze all of fall into this little container?
Misaki: Oh, it's from their seasonal menu. They change this every month, don't they?
Kanon: It does look very nice... It has chestnuts, pears, and many other fall accents.
Hagumi: Ah, that reminds me! I wrote postcards for you guys! Here, this first one is for you Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: A heartfelt postcard from Hagumi... Fufu, I am overjoyed.
Hagumi: Err, this one is Kokoron's. This one is for Kano-chan-senpai, and this one is Mii-kun's! Ah, what should I do with Michelle's...?
Misaki: Ah, I can take that one. I'll make sure she gets it.
Kanon: Are these... hand-drawn postcards? You drew a lot of fall features on them.
Kokoro: Yeah, there are chestnuts and sweet potatoes! And this one here is a croquette!
Misaki: Oh, uh... Are croquettes fall foods...?
Kanon: M-maybe it's a sweet-potato croquette. See, then it would be a fall flavor.
Misaki: I suppose you could say that...
Hagumi: Yeah, that's right! It's the sweet-potato croquette I ate when I went to look at the leaves the other day!
Misaki: Oh, you were right then.
Kanon: Is that when you made these postcards for us?
Hagumi: Yeah, they had a workshop, so we all made some~.
Misaki: Oh, I didn't realize there were workshops on things like this. It actually sounds pretty interesting.
Kanon: Maybe this seems more true because they're hand-drawn, but the pictures feel very deep and meaningful, don't they?
Misaki: Now that you mention it, yeah. Hagumi's energy and the watercolors kind of mesh together perfectly.
Kokoro: I don't really understand hard stuff like that, but I think your pictures are really great, Hagumi! They all look like really delicious foods!
Kokoro: I didn't even know you could draw this well. You're so talented, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Ehehe, thanks, Kokoron! Maybe it's cause I was thinking "be delicious" while drawing them!
Kaoru: The messages you wrote are also rather eloquent. I can feel the season just from reading them...
Kaoru: "Hot baked potato, nice and fresh from the oven, I'm so happy, yay!" How fleeting...!
Kanon: "Hot baked potato, nice and fresh from the oven, I'm so happy, yay!" Ah, is this...?
Misaki: Hagumi, did you write everyone's postcards as haiku?
Hagumi: Ehehe~, we did haiku together the other day, right? It made me wanna give it another go~!
Misaki: Haha, well you can tell they were written by you, Hagumi. But you know... All these haiku and pictures of food are making me hungry.
Kokoro: In that case, let's eat dinner at my house tonight! A whole lot of fall foods just arrived yesterday! Let's have them together.
Misaki: A sudden suggestion from Kokoro, right on schedule.
Kaoru: Fufu, sitting around the table together tasting the flavors of fall... What a marvelous idea.
Hagumi: A fall flavor party, huh?! I wanna eat mushroom stew! That would be so yummy!
Misaki: And just like that, everyone wants to go... Although, it seems like I'm also going to be lured in this time...
Kanon: It's okay, Misaki-chan. I'm also hungry. I sort of want to order the special fall parfait now...
Hagumi: Fall is all about food anyway! Let's eat lots of tasty foods together!
Kanon: W-well, yes, but I wouldn't want to gain too much weight by overeating...
Misaki: Exactly, and it seems like we'll be eating at Kokoro's house later, so you shouldn't have dessert right now...
Hagumi: We can just exercise together tomorrow then! We can play soccer or softball or something!
Kanon: Th-those are solutions, yes. Although, they would require a lot of effort...
Hagumi: Really? But they're so easy! In soccer, you just run around and kick a ball, and in softball, you just have to hit the ball.
Misaki: Kanon-san, they're only easy to Hagumi because she plays sports all the time...
Kanon: R-right...
Kokoro: That sounds like fun! We can eat together and play sports together! That's the best autumn plan ever!
Kaoru: But alas, there is an issue. If we all eat and then all play sports, won't we simply all grow hungry again?
Hagumi: Then I'll bring lots of croquettes! If we get hungry again we can just eat those!
Kokoro: That's a great idea! I get to eat croquettes from Hagumi's store too? I can't wait!
Hagumi: Yeah! It is the season of croquettes, after all! I'll bring you some great ones, Kokoron.
Misaki: Um... I don't think that's a thing...
Kanon: Y-yeah. But Hagumi-chan looks happy, and everyone is looking forward to them... So I guess we should just let it be?
Misaki: ... Yeah. I suppose I shouldn't think too hard about it and just look forward to our party instead.


<Sharing Autumn's Bounty>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Marina: The trees at this park are looking nice and colorful. We're not in any hurry, so how about we walk around a little?
Hagumi: Umph... Yah...!
Marina: Someone's jumping up and down over there... Is that Hagumi-chan? What's she doing...? We've got time, let's go find out.
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan. We saw you jumping around. What're you doing?
Hagumi: Ah, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Hagumi: I was catching the leaves! Look, they fall down like this so... Hiyah! I catch them, just like that!
Marina: O-oh, is that right...? What a peculiar game.
Hagumi: I think if I find any nice-looking ones, I'll give them to Kano-chan-senpai~!
Marina: Kanon-chan? Why?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai said she wanted to make a bookmark out of pressed autumn leaves. So I'm gonna find some pretty ones for her!
Hagumi: But I haven't found any yet...
Hagumi: Maybe I should give her the one I caught the other day like I planned. Look, it's the one in this photo!
Marina: Wow, that is a good one. It's small and cute, and the color is beautiful! I think it would make a really nice bookmark!
Hagumi: Ehehe~. The other day, I went to look at the fall leaves with Rimi-rin and some others. That's where I found this one!
Marina: Oh, I heard about that from Yukina-chan. You went with Rimi-chan, Ran-chan, and Sayo-chan, right?
Hagumi: Yeah, I had so much fun with them!
Marina: Fufu, it seems like it was a good day. Although, I did think it was an odd group when Yukina-chan told me about it.
Hagumi: You think so? We do shows together all the time, so I didn't think it was strange~.
Hagumi: And viewing the leaves was fun. We went kayaking and made hand-drawn postcards too!
Hagumi: They say that these postcards are a good way to deliver your feelings! So I drew mine with so much feeling.
Marina: Hand-drawn postcards, huh? That's pretty fancy. What did you draw on yours, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: I drew what I wanna eat with everyone in Hello, Happy World! Like chestnuts, baked sweet potatoes, and croquettes!
Marina: Fufu, just listening to you talk about that is making me hungry. I bet the postcards turned out really well.
Hagumi: Why don't you guys try and make hand-drawn postcards too? They're so much fun!
Marina: Yeah, maybe I'll write one to you and the others. What about you, {{userName}}-san?
Hagumi: Ehehe, I wonder what you two will draw. Make sure you show me when they're done!
