807_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Party Time!

Gacha phrase: Santa, have the best day ever!

<Bright Red Clothing...>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[During The Christmas Party]

[Tsurumaki Residence - Backyard]

Kokoro: Everyone, do you have your glasses? Alright, then one more time! Cheers! And...
All: Merry Christmas!
Kokoro: Mmm~! That was perfect!
Hagumi: Doesn't that make you want to clink glasses more? We should do it again later!
Kokoro: I like that idea! Tonight we'll give as many toasts as we can!
Misaki: Oh, c'mon guys, haven't you had enough?
Misaki: Include all the times we toasted during the show, I can't even count how many times this makes now...
Kokoro: I don't see the problem though. Today's Christmas, after all! No matter how many times we say cheers, it won't be enough!
Kaoru: I wholeheartedly agree. On this blessed night that only comes once a year, we should revel in mirth and merriment!
Kanon: Fufufu, I'm glad the concert went well. The crowd really seemed to enjoy it.
Hagumi: Yeah! Everybody was super excited! It was so much fun~♪
Kokoro: Their smiles were so bright tonight! They were even brighter than the Christmas lights!
Kaoru: Indeed. It was as if they were stars, illuminating this holy night. The perfect fit for this fleeting Christmas.
Misaki: That reminds me, Hagumi. Your dad sure was cheering you on a lot, huh?
Kanon: I thought I heard his voice. I could hear him even over my drumming!
Hagumi: I heard it too! Daddy was super pumped up today~.
Hagumi: I'm so glad he enjoyed our concert~! Ehehe♪
Misaki: Your dad made us a bunch of croquettes too. We need to make sure to thank him when we get the chance.
Hagumi: He'll probably say he's already gotten more than enough thanks. Everyone's been saying how good the croquettes are!
Kokoro: Yes, they're super scrumptious! Oh, that reminds me! Hagumi, you said you met Santa before the concert, right?
Hagumi: I did! He got lost, so I made sure to guide him here!
Kokoro: That's amazing! I wanted to meet Santa too!
Kaoru: It seems that your wishes were properly delivered to him then. Ah, how fleeting...
Kokoro: What was Santa like? I'm so curious! Misaki, you're curious too, right?!
Misaki: Huh...? Ah, well, sure...
Hagumi: Hehe~♪ So you see, while I was looking for him, I found a person wearing a red outfit in this alleyway.
Hagumi: He looked like he was in trouble so I called out to him, and it turned out to be Santa!
Kaoru: I see. The stories are true, then. Santa does indeed don a red outfit.
Hagumi: Right! Remember the outfit Michelle wore today? It looked just like that!
Misaki: (Well yeah... Because it was Michelle.)
Kokoro: What about his beard?! Did he have a beard like he always does in the picture books?!
Hagumi: Well, I couldn't really see him that well since it was so dark~.
Hagumi: But he was holding onto something big and round! I bet that was his bag of presents!
Misaki: (Big and round...? Was I holding something like that?)
Misaki: (Hm... Oh, I know. It was Michelle's head...)
Kaoru: Fufu, the contents of that bag will deliver smiles to children the world over.
Kokoro: Hagumi, what else was there?! Please, I want to hear more about Santa!
Hagumi: Hm~, more, huh...? Oh, that’s right, he kinda seemed... out of breath.
Hagumi: I think it must've been because of how hard he was looking for Kokoron's house. He looked really tired!
Kokoro: Well, of course he was tired. He's super old now!
Hagumi: Ah! And one more thing! He didn't really sound like an old man! He sounded super cute!
Misaki: C-cute...?
Hagumi: It was a really cute, girly voice!
Misaki: U-um, hey! How about we cut the conversation there~? Why don't we talk about something else...?
Hagumi: Aww~, but I wanna talk more about Santa~!
Misaki: A-ahaha...
Kanon: U-um, I was thinking... The Santa that Hagumi-chan met... Was that... you?
Misaki: Th-that's, well, how do I put this...? It's complicated, so... I'll explain later.
Hagumi: This year's Christmas was the best~! I wonder if Santa had fun, too.
Kaoru: Indubitably. A peerless smile for a perfect night... There is no doubt in my mind that he was able to spend the most fleeting of times here.
Hagumi: Then do you think if we sent him a letter telling him we'd be doing another party next year, he'd come?!
Misaki: I don't know... Santa's got a lot on his plate...
Kokoro: Don't worry! He'll definitely come! I mean, he's Santa, after all!
Hagumi: You're right! He is Santa!
Misaki: You two really trust Santa a lot, huh...?
Kanon: Fufu, well, he does deliver smiles to kids all over the world.
Hagumi: What should I say to Santa the next time we meet? Ehehe, I can't wait!


<The Santa Downtown>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Oh, hey, Hagumi-chan!
Hagumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, hello! Where are you two headed?
Marina: We're going out on a little errand for the owner. What're you up to?
Hagumi: I'm on my way to a band meeting! Kokoron said the weather's nice today, so we're gonna do it outside!
Marina: True, it's not too cold today. Having a meeting outside sounds nice.
Marina: Oh yeah, I heard from Kokoro-chan. Hello, Happy World! held a Christmas concert, right?
Hagumi: We did! It was sooo much fun!
Hagumi: A bunch of people came, too! It was a concert full of smiles!
Marina: Fufu, that does sound like fun. We wanted to go, but couldn't get time off...
Hagumi: Aww~, that's too bad! There were so many tasty croquettes there, too!
Marina: Croquettes?
Hagumi: Yeah! We thought that the guests and Santa would like them, so Daddy made us a ton!
Hagumi: I was so happy when everyone said they were really good♪ This year really was the best Christmas ever~.
Hagumi: You know, I've loved that holiday ever since I was little! Don't you get excited once Christmas comes around?
Marina: I totally know what you mean~. Everything in town becomes so sparkly and festive.
Marina: You've seen the Christmas lights around town, right? Just looking at them is fun, isn't it?
Hagumi: Ah, our shop put up lights, too!
Hagumi: Dad decorates our shop every year for all the kids that stop by!
Hagumi: You two should come see it sometime! Daddy tried extra hard this year, so it looks even better than usual!
Marina: We'll have to do that. I can't wait~.
Hagumi: Oh, and we're doing a Christmas sale, too! Our croquettes are super-duper cheap right now!
Hagumi: Everyone's saying they're really happy because they can buy more than usual.
Marina: Fufufu, your father is amazing, isn't he?
Hagumi: You think so?
Marina: Yeah, he's doing all these sales and decorations because he wants everyone to enjoy Christmas, right?
Hagumi: That's right! Dad loves to see everyone smile!
Marina: That's what I meant when I said your father's amazing. It's like he's our downtown Santa. He brings a smile to the face of everyone he meets.
Hagumi: When you put it that way, that kinda makes sense! Ehehe♪ It makes me happy to hear my daddy get called Santa~.
Hagumi: I'll tell him once I'm home!
Marina: Well then, we need to get going. Have fun at your meeting!
Hagumi: Yeah! Good luck with your errands! Bye-bye!
