921_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 Energy x100!

Gacha phrase: As long as you give it your all, you'll get better!

<A Secret Base Full of Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: That interview today sure was fun! Thinking about Hello, Happy World! with everybody made me love our band even more!
Kaoru: Ah, Hagumi, what a sweet little kitten you are. I feel the same way.
Kokoro: I thought it was super-duper fun-tastic too! Misaki, make sure you tell Michelle all about today! I'm sure she'll be very interested to know what happened!
Misaki: Ah, right. Will do~.
Kanon: Fufu, I'm sure Michelle will have fun just hearing about it.
Hagumi: Hey, can I ask you guys something? It's been on my mind for a while now!
Misaki: Hm? What's up?
Hagumi: Remember how Kokoro said that being in a band wasn't the only thing that can make you smile?
Hagumi: Well, I was thinking, if Hello, Happy World! was gonna do something else other than play music, what would we do?
Kokoro: I'm fine with anything! After all, everything's fun!
Kanon: Fufufu, that's very true. As long as we're together, any activity would leave us smiling.
Kaoru: Personally, I would want to do a play. With these members, our performance is sure to leave a mark on history.
Misaki: Yeah, people would be talking about it, alright... We've got a bear in our band, after all. As for me... I guess I'd like to go on a normal trip.
Kanon: Speaking of trips, I'd love to run a café in a vacation spot with everybody. We could all work together to come up with a menu.
Hagumi: Wow! These are all great ideas! I wanna do them all!
Misaki: What about you, Hagumi? Do you have something in mind?
Hagumi: Sure do! You see~, I'd wanna make a secret base!
Kanon & Kokoro & Kaoru & Misaki: A what?
Kanon: Do you mean like Poppin'Party's basement?
Hagumi: Yeah, something like that. A secret base is a place made up of stuff we like!
Hagumi: First we'd have a welcome sign that says, "Welcome to Hello, Happy World!'s Secret Base!" Then we'd have a space where we could hold our meetings. And then~...
Misaki: A sign...? That's not very secret at all...
Kaoru: A secret base filled with everything we enjoy, eh? How very fleeting...!
Kokoro: Mmm~! That's a fantast-erific idea! We'd see so many smiles in a place like that!
Kanon: Imagining it sure is fun~. I'd want to put a tank full of jellyfish inside.
Misaki: I suppose a secret base should be somewhere we can relax.
Misaki: I'd like a room like that for sure. Maybe I could fill my room with felt... Just kidding...
Hagumi: That sounds great! You're a genius, Mii-kun! I'd love to roll around in a room filled with felt!
Misaki: Ahaha, yeah, that does seem like a room you'd like.
Kaoru: What a remarkable imagination you have, Misaki. As for me, I would very much like to have a theater. My room's balcony would conjure up fleeting images of Romeo and Juliet.
Hagumi: Wow, that sounds fun! In that case, I want a yard I can play softball in!
Misaki: You know... This base is getting bigger and bigger...
Kanon: W-well, it's just pretend, so it's fine...
Kokoro: I want to make a roller coaster that goes over the roof and through every one of your rooms!
Hagumi: That's an amazing idea, Kokoron! If we do it in your backyard, I bet we'd have space to make a secret base with a roller coaster!
Misaki: Come on, at that point it'd be an amusement park.
Kokoro: A secret base with an amusement park sounds like a great idea! That'd bring a smile to everyone's faces for sure!
Hagumi: Yeah! And the number of smiles will get bigger as we add more stuff we find fun!
Kanon: That's true. We've only been talking about it for a short while, and we already have so many ideas.
Hagumi: I know! Why don't we plan out our secret base at our next band meeting?! I'll bring my sketchbook!
Kokoro: Good thinking! I'll come up with all sorts of fun-tastic ideas in the meantime!
Kaoru: Ah, how fleeting... What a fulfilling meeting we are sure to have.
Misaki: Hey, Kanon-san... They're not actually planning on making this base, right...?
Kanon: I-I don't think so...
Hagumi: I can't wait to see our secret base~!


<Bringing Smiles Downtown!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: There we go! Is it straight~?
Marina: Hey there, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello~!
Marina: What are those posters for, Hagumi-chan? That's a lot of writing.
Hagumi: These? They're advertisements for the downtown area! Everyone wrote down what makes the downtown area so great!
Hagumi: My dad even wrote something right here!
Marina: Let's see... "A place where you can eat the best croquettes in the world." Fufu, that sounds about right!
Hagumi: Right?!
Hagumi: I've lived in this area my whole life, so looking at this poster reminded me just how great the downtown area is.
Marina: That's true. Everyone wrote down things that others usually wouldn't notice.
Hagumi: It also reminded me of our interview the other day.
Marina: You mean the one we held at CiRCLE?
Hagumi: Yup! You asked us what we found fun about being in a band, right?
Marina: Yeah. Didn't Kokoro-chan say that the world is full of fun?
Hagumi: Yeah, that's exactly what it reminded me of!
Hagumi: If there's still a bunch of fun stuff out there to do, then there must still be a bunch of great things about the downtown area that I don't know about yet!
Marina: Gotcha. Just because you haven't noticed them doesn't mean they don't exist, after all.
Hagumi: Yup! So I want to keep looking for what's great about this area as well as what's fun about Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: If I do, I'm sure that will make all the shops here and Hello, Happy World! really happy!
Marina: That's a wonderful idea! In that case, {{userName}}-san and I will have to look for more great things about CiRCLE. That way we can share them with you all.
Hagumi: Wow, that's amazing! I'll be sure to let you know if I find out anything great about CiRCLE too!
Marina: Fufu, thank you.
Marina: I can't wait to see how you and the others will make everyone smile.
Hagumi: Leave it to us!
Marina: Hmm~, in that case, do you think you could help us both smile right now?
Hagumi: Huh? What are you talking about?
Marina: Well... We'd like two croquettes, please!
Hagumi: Ahaha! Now I get it!
Hagumi: Thank you for your purchase!
