924_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 #4: Pitcher

Gacha phrase: I am her captain. I know!

<Smiling Game of Catch>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: The Hamburg-steak set was so good~. I can always eat so much at these after-parties!
Kokoro: My fried-shrimp set was really yummy, too! But I wonder why it tasted even better than usual today.
Kaoru: They do say that hunger is the best spice. Think of it as proof of all of the hard work you put in today.
Kokoro: Goodness! Then everyone's meals must have been extra good!
Misaki: Yeah, I actually ate a pretty decent amount... Maybe I'll skip breakfast tomorrow.
Kanon: Fufu, Akari-chan ate a lot too, huh? When her mother came to pick her up, she looked a little sleepy.
Kaoru: She put her heart and soul into that game. And in the end, she gifted us with a most fortuitous hit, did she not?
Kokoro: Ooo~! Today was such a nice day! Hey, everyone! Don't you think it'd be even nicer if we held a concert after this?!
Misaki: No no no... There's no way we can do a concert now, right?
Hagumi: Sorry, Kokoron. My tummy's all full now, and I'm a little sleepy... Yawn.
Kokoro: I suppose that makes sense! Then we'll have the concert another time!
Hagumi: I'll do my best then, don't worry!
Misaki: Hm? Hagumi, what's that you're holding?
Hagumi: Oh, this? It's a Happy-Ranger toy. Akari gave it to me before she left earlier.
Kanon: Wow, good for you, Hagumi-chan. ... But I feel like I've seen this toy before somewhere...
Misaki: I do too. I think it was hanging off of Akari's bag, wasn't it?
Hagumi: That's right. That's why I asked her, "Are you sure?" when she gave it to me, and she answered, "That's how thankful I am to you!"
Kokoro: Goodness! What a splendid thank-you present! You want to give the people you really like things you love, right?!
Hagumi: It wasn't like I was cheering for her because I wanted anything in return, though.
Kaoru: Fufu. It's her way of expressing her gratitude to you. I think accepting her gift was a sound decision.
Kanon: Yeah. I'm sure that figure means a lot to Akari-chan.
Hagumi: I already got my gift, though. I got to see Akari doing her best and being super cool!
Hagumi: Practicing her swings every day, telling me that she'll definitely get a hit... That's why she improved so much!
Hagumi: When I heard her bat go "ping" as she got a hit, I was so happy!
Kokoro: I was super-duper happy, too! So happy, I wanted to run over to her that instant!
Misaki: Yeah. Please, thank me for somehow managing to rein her in.
Kanon: Ahaha... But I totally understand how Kokoro-chan felt. It's such a great feeling when your hard work finally pays off, right?
Hagumi: I know, right?! Everyone's hard work paid off today! Watching all of you practice so much and do so well in our game was a great feeling! I felt like I was floating!
Hagumi: Seeing all of your smiles made me smile too! I guess you could even say that it was like I caught your smiles! We were playing smile catch!
Kokoro: Smile catch... Incredible! What a lovely phrase!
Kaoru: Fufu, so that means that you caught the smile that I bunted your way... Ah, how fleeting.
Kanon: Then, I must have thrown my smile to you when... I first caught your full-power throw, I guess? I was so happy then.
Hagumi: Yeah! I was too, but I was just as surprised! Kano-chan-senpai, you should join our team!
Kanon: Eh... I-I don't know about that...
Kokoro: That's a wonderful idea! I'd like to join too!
Misaki: Hold up, no. This was just a one-time sorta thing. And it was just a practice match. And we only helped out because they were short on players, you know?
Kanon: Th-that's true. It's the downtown shopping district's team after all. I think it might be a little difficult for me to join.
Hagumi: Huh, that's too bad. I wanted to throw my smile back to you.
Misaki: Well, putting us aside... Shouldn't you think about tossing Akari's smile back to her, first?
Hagumi: Right! The other team got off a bunch of hits against me today... Next time, I'll have to get my act together and make sure I look super cool on the pitcher's mound!
Hagumi: We are supposed to play that team again sometime! Next time we meet, I'll have my revenge!
Kaoru: Fufu. Bravo, Hagumi. Next time, though we may be but a captive audience, we'll make sure to watch over that smile of yours.
Hagumi: Alrighty! I'm getting fired up!
Hagumi: Hey, Kokoron! Can we still use your batting cages?!
Kokoro: Of course you can!
Misaki: Wait... No way, Hagumi, you can't be thinking...
Hagumi: Yeah! I'm in the mood for some practice now! How about all of you?
Kokoro: Totally! I want to become even closer and better friends with Mister Ball!
Kaoru: And so the fleetingness continues... I guess you could say we're going into extra innings, no?
Kanon: I-if everyone else is going, then I will, too... It did feel like I was finally starting to get a handle on things... How about you, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Sigh... I get it, I get it. I'll go. It's not like I can't leave these three to just you...
Misaki: And, well, I did have fun, too.
Hagumi: Yay~! Kokoron, I wanna learn how to throw that magic ball of yours!
Kokoro: Oh, that's a great idea! Then we'll have to have you introduce yourself to Mister Ball, too!
Misaki: Gosh, you're all still so full of energy...


<Interview with the MVP>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi, Hagumi-chan. Judging by that uniform, I'm gonna guess you're on your way back from softball practice?
Hagumi: Yup, that's right! I tried super hard today, so now my tummy is super empty!
Marina: Fufu, then it must have been a good practice. Oh yeah, that’s right, Hagumi-chan! I heard that Hello, Happy World! helped out with that softball game recently!
Hagumi: Wow! How did you find out?! Were you there?
Marina: No, unfortunately, I couldn't make it. But you've all become the talk of the town around here.
Hagumi: Oh, really?! That's great! Everyone looked so cool out there, so I'm glad to hear that!
Hagumi: Just thinking about it gets me so bubbly and excited! Hey, would it be okay if I told you two a little about the game?!
Marina: Of course it would! I haven't heard any details, so I'd love to hear what you've got to say.
Hagumi: Yay~! So you see, my team was in a real pinch at first, because we didn't have enough players to even play.
Hagumi: But then my band said they'd help by playing in the game and practiced super hard! In the end, everything managed to work out!
Marina: Wow, that's amazing. Had everyone played softball before?
Hagumi: No, they all said this was their first time! But they looked incredible in our game!
Hagumi: Kokoron became friends with Mister Ball, and Mi-kun got a really great hit in!
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai did a great job catching my pitches, and Kaoru-kun got on base with a bunt! Can you believe it?
Marina: Wow, it sounds like everyone did their part, huh?
Hagumi: Yeah! Everyone worked super hard, and at the very end, Akari managed to get a hit in, too! It was so much fun!
Marina: Akari-chan... Oh, she was that girl that was hospitalized before, right? From the sound of it, she's full of energy now, huh?
Hagumi: She is! Akari really wanted to get a hit, so she practiced a lot!
Hagumi: That's why I was so happy when she finally managed to do it! I knew she could, but even so, it was kind of a relief to see.
Marina: Fufu. It always feels good when practice pays off, doesn't it?
Hagumi: Yeah! We ended up losing in the end, but even so, I had bunches of fun! The other team told me they did, too!
Hagumi: And you know what? The other team had this pitcher who threw these lightning-fast fastballs, and she complimented me!
Hagumi: She said, "That was some nice pitching, let's play again sometime!" I was so surprised because that's exactly what I was thinking!
Marina: Ahaha, maybe it's something you can understand about each other as fellow pitchers.
Hagumi: Huh, that makes sense. But you know what? I'm not gonna lose next time! I've got to practice a whole lot before our next game and get way better!
Marina: That's the spirit! You know, I kind of want to see you play now that I've heard all this. You think so too, right, {{userName}}-san?
Hagumi: Really?! I'd be so happy if you two could come watch! I'll show you how cool I can be!
Marina: Okay! I'm looking forward to it!
