1062_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Powerful Witch

Gacha phrase: We will make it! Believe in me!

<Happily Ever After>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: I'm so glad Lika-chan and Luka-chan made up~!
Misaki: I guess this is what you call a happy ending.
Misaki: Let's get back to MAHO DO before you-know-who suggests putting on another performance.
Hagumi: Okay! I'll call everyone over!
Lika: ... Um, excuse me.
Hagumi: Ah, Lika-chan and Luka-chan! What's up?
Lika: Well... Um... I'm sorry for calling you a liar!
Hagumi: Huh...?!
Lika: We were able to become friends again because of your hard work. So I wanted to say... thank you so much!
Hagumi: Lika-chan...
Hagumi: I'm so happy right now! Thank you, Lika-chan, Luka-chan!
Hagumi: Now go and be best friends forever!
Lika & Luka: Okay!
Lika: See you all later then! Let's go, Luka-chan!
Luka: Yeah! See you! Bye-bye~!
Hagumi: Bye-bye~!
Misaki: ... I'm really glad those two are on good terms again.
Hagumi: Yeah! ... That's right! I wanted to say something to all of you!
Hagumi: Umm~... Thanks, guys!
Kanon: Why are you thanking us...? Is everything okay?
Hagumi: Ehehe. I just wanted you guys to know that, no matter what!
Hagumi: Remember how sad I was when Lika-chan called me a liar?
Hagumi: Even though you all tried your best to cheer me up, I couldn't shake it off...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: But Lika-chan and Luka-chan were able to make up because you guys helped me out!
Hagumi: So... Thanks for worrying about me and working together with me!
Misaki: What are you saying? Jeez...
Misaki: The fact that you were so shocked is proof of how serious you were about making good luck charms.
Misaki: We all knew that, so of course we'd want to help... You don't need to worry about it, Hagumi.
Kaoru: It is just as Misaki says, Hagumi.
Kaoru: We were simply conveying our sentiments in a candid manner. We want you to keep on smiling...
Kokoro: That's right! I want all of us to be smiling all the time!
Kanon: Fufu. Yes, I agree.
Hagumi: G-guys...!
Hagumi: Thank you so much...!
Kokoro: Now that's a super-duper great smile!
Kaoru: Now, Hagumi. How about we show that splendid grin of yours to a certain someone?
Kanon: Wait, do you mean...?
Hagumi: ...! The old lady from MAHO DO!
Misaki: She did help us out quite a lot.
Hagumi: Yeah! I wanna thank her properly!
Kokoro: Then let's hurry over to MAHO DO!
Kokoro: First one there wins! Ready, go!
Hagumi: Ah, Kokoron...!
Hagumi: Alright, I won't lose~! Let's go~!
Kanon: They left...
Misaki: I guess that means she's back to her energetic self. She sure does look happy...
Hagumi: Hey~! Hurry up, guys~! Or we'll leave without you~!
Hagumi: Ehehe.


<Everyone's Power>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hagumi: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi there!
Marina: Oh? Hagumi-chan. Hello, Happy World! doesn't have a booking today, right?
Hagumi: I just came because I have something I wanna give you two!
Hagumi: Ta-dah~! I have souvenirs for you both! They're guitar-shaped keychains!
Hagumi: I bought them the other day when I was helping out at the old witch lady's store!
Marina: Wow, thanks! But what store are you talking about...?
Hagumi: It's a place called "MAHO DO," and it's run by this old lady who's a witch! She sells strange magical goods.
Hagumi: I even helped her make some good luck charms!
Marina: I see! It's amazing you can make things like that.
Hagumi: Ehehe~! I know, right?!
Hagumi: But... Actually, I wasn't very good at it.
Hagumi: I made some "best friends forever" straps, but the girls who bought them ended up getting into a fight...
Hagumi: I was so shocked. I thought maybe they were fighting because I couldn't make the straps magical enough.
Marina: Hagumi-chan...
Hagumi: But then, the old lady told me something.
Hagumi: She said there's a type of magic that only we could use since we're not proper witches!
Marina: There is? And what's that?
Hagumi: It's the magic of smiles!
Hagumi: If you ever wanna make someone smile, that means you can use the magic of smiles!
Hagumi: So then, we worked hard to come up with a plan and decided to do a street performance.
Hagumi: We thought that it would attract a crowd, which would help reunite the two friends!
Marina: I see. So what became of them...?
Hagumi: They found each other, of course!
Hagumi: Then they made up, and now they're back to normal! They said they're best friends again!
Hagumi: ... I'm so glad I didn't give up when everyone was cheering me on...!
Hagumi: If I had, my good luck charm would've stayed a failure.
Hagumi: But because everyone tried their best to help me, my good luck charm ended up working!
Hagumi: Don't you think that's amazing?!
Marina: Of course! I'm sure your steadfast resolve made the magic work.
Hagumi: Yeah! Ehehe, thanks, Marina-san!
Hagumi: I'll keep working hard to use lots and lots of the magic of smiles!
Hagumi: Thanks for listening! See ya later! Bye-bye!
