1116_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 A New Friend

<The King's Reward>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle Castle - Foyer]

Kanon: Misaki-chan, sorry for making you walk around the castle with me. I know you're trying to finish up our new song.
Misaki: It's fine. It's important to take a breather between practices. Anyway, it'd be bad if you got lost again.
Kanon: Ahaha... Thank you for searching for me that time.
Misaki: You're welcome. So, the Millenary Festival, huh? I wonder what it'll be like.
Kanon: I still can't believe we will be performing at such a big event.
Misaki: Kokoro has some seriously shocking connections.
Hagumi: Ah! Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai! I found you! Hey~!
Misaki: Huh? Hagumi? I thought you were walking around the castle town. Are you done already?
Hagumi: I bought lots of croquettes, so I had to bring them back while they were still hot!
Misaki: Whoa, your bag is so full! You bought so many...
Kanon: You already ate some when we went out with Nicolina-san, right? You must really like them.
Hagumi: Yeah! They're all gooey inside, and they're super filling! They're just about as good as our croquettes!
Misaki: Even then, you bought way too many. You can't eat all of these by yourself, can you?
Hagumi: It's fine! I'm sure they'll be gone in a flash if we eat them together! So you guys can eat lots of them too, okay?!
Kanon: Fufu, thanks. Shall we go back to our room and eat them together?
Kanon: I think the guest quarters were this way... Weren't they? Huh? Is that-
Hagumi: Smiley Nick! Hey~!
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi, wait! He's the king, you have to be a little more-
Nicholas: My... If it isn't Kokoro-chan's companions. You seem well. Sigh...
Hagumi: Huh? Smiley Nick, are you not feeling too good? You're not very smiley at all!
Kanon: Um, did something happen...?
Nicholas: Hmph... To tell you the truth, I had been looking forward to eating this one specific food from the food stalls, but they were sold out of it today...
Nicholas: I could not believe it when the maids told me, so I snuck out to confirm it for myself... However, there wasn't even one left...
Misaki: (He snuck out just to get food...? This king might be a bit more ordinary than I thought.)
Misaki: What was it that you wanted to eat, Your Majesty?
Nicholas: Hmph... Croquettes.
Misaki & Kanon: What?!
Misaki: (D-don't tell me they were sold out because Hagumi bought them all...)
Nicholas: It all began when I was a small child. My mother would often make croquettes. She said that they were a staple of Japanese cuisine.
Hagumi: That's right, your mom was Japanese, wasn't she? So you must like 'em 'cause they taste like your mom's cooking!
Misaki: B-but, you are the king, so surely you shouldn't have to go all the way to the food stalls for them... Why don't you ask one of the castle cooks to make some...?
Nicholas: I did try this, but I was told it is unhealthy to eat croquettes every day. Now they will only make them for me once a week...
Hagumi: Unhealthy...? No, they're not! I eat croquettes every day, and I'm super healthy!
Hagumi: I've got it! I bought lots of croquettes, so I'll give some to you too!
Nicholas: Wh-what did you just say...?! Are you truly going to give me some of yours?!
Hagumi: Yeah, because I know how bad it feels when you can't eat croquettes! So eat as many as you want!
Nicholas: Wh-what a compassionate child you are... I simply do not feel right unless I eat one croquette each day! I shall take my fill...!
Kanon: W-wow... He's really getting into those croquettes.
Misaki: I feel like he's going to eat them all. I think I understand why the castle cooks were worried about his croquette habits...
Nicholas: Nom nom... I am satisfied, so satisfied! Those croquettes were just delicious!
Nicholas: You must let me thank you somehow... Tell me what you desire. Gold? Jewels?
Hagumi: We don't need anything! I'm happy enough just seeing your smile!
Nicholas: G-good heavens...! Seeing me rejoice is enough...?! But I ate all of your croquettes!
Nicholas: Friend of Kokoro-chan... No, Hagumi-chan, was it? I see now that gold and jewels are not enough. Your noble spirit deserves praise... I shall decorate you with an order of merit!
Misaki & Kanon: An order of merit?!
Misaki: Wait a minute! No matter how much you like croquettes, making an order of merit for them is taking it too far.
Nicholas: You there, guard! Begin the preparations for Hagumi-chan's conferral ceremony, immediately!
Guard A: Huh- C-conferral ceremony?! What?!
Guard B: Wh-what is the meaning of this...?! A conferral ceremony alongside the Millenary Festival...?
Guard A: I think the last time we had a ceremony like that was fifty years ago... When we honored a brave hero who saved this country from danger...
Misaki: Seriously? Are heroes and croquettes on the same level...?
Hagumi: But I don't need anything like that.
Nicholas: Come now, don't be like that. I simply must insist on bestowing this honor upon you.
Hagumi: Hmm... Okay! If you really insist. I'm looking forward to it!
Nicholas: Excellent, I shall reach out to you again once the preparations for the ceremony are complete. Please bear with me until then.
Kanon: He left... I feel like something big just happened...
Hagumi: Ehehe, I wonder what an order of merit is~. Hey, hey! Mii-kun, do you know what it is?
Misaki: It's like a special award that kings and such give to people who have done great dee- Wait, are you telling me you don't even know what it is?!
Hagumi: Oh! A special award! That sounds kinda awesome!
Hagumi: An order of merit! I can't wait! I'm gonna tell my dad about it when I get home~!


<Hagumi Does the Right Thing>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Come and get it! Get your yummy croquettes! There's a fresh batch on its way!
Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Heeey!
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan! Are you helping out with the store today?
Hagumi: Yep! And I'm having a great time as usual! Are you guys out shopping?
Marina: Just for a moment to buy some equipment for CiRCLE. By the way, I heard about what happened~.
Marina: Hello, Happy World! played at a festival in Happinelle, right?
Hagumi: Whoa! Even you guys know about it!
Hagumi: It was so much fun! There were all these shooting stars, and everything you could see from the stage was sparkling! It was awesome!
Hagumi: But we ran into a bit of a pinch there too. It was almost as bad as bases loaded with no outs in the bottom of the seventh inning!
Marina: Yeah... I heard about that too. Kokoro-chan said she was going to stay in Happinelle, right?
Hagumi: Yep... She wanted to stay in Happinelle to help Nico-rin, the princess, smile.
Hagumi: I felt so lonely when I thought about Kokoron not being around...
Marina: Yeah, I bet you did... Something like that happening so suddenly would be quite the shock...
Hagumi: That's why we told Kokoron that it might be selfish, but we wanted her to stay with us.
Hagumi: And then Kokoron said she wanted to be with us too. I was so relieved, like phew~!
Marina: It sounds like your feelings got through to Kokoro-chan.
Hagumi: Yeah! That's what I think too! Sharing your feelings is so important, isn't it?!
Hagumi: I always thought everything Kokoron said was right.
Hagumi: But I think I know now that sometimes things are sad even when they're the right thing to do.
Hagumi: So if someone in Hello, Happy World! tries to do something sad but right again, I'll tell them what I think is really correct.
Marina: Yeah, I think it's very important to do so. If you properly tell each other your feelings, your friendship will only grow stronger.
Hagumi: Ah, I think so too! Ever since we came back from Happinelle, we've been even closer!
Hagumi: I guess Hello, Happy World! is special to all of us.
Marina: Fufu, I can feel a great power coming from you, Hagumi-chan~. I'll have to keep an even closer eye on Hello, Happy World! from now on!
Hagumi: Yeah! Hello, Happy World! has been leveled up by the power of friendship, so we're gonna stand out even more now!
Hagumi: Ah! I think the croquettes are ready! How about some croquettes, you two?
Marina: Okay, why don't we get two then? Yes please, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Got it! Just wait a second, I'll get 'em!
