1199_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Steady Beat from Within

Gacha phrase: Let's get started making a place where the dinosaur can play!

<Maintaining Joy>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Hagumi: Heave-ho, heave-ho... There... Phew~. Is this spot okay?
Misaki: Yeah. Looks like we need to put the disassembled parts right here. The people at Kokoro's house said they'd clean it up later.
Hagumi: Got it! Then let's keep up the good work~!
Misaki: This play equipment is really sturdy and well made, but we're breaking it down, huh...?
Misaki: It kinda feels like a waste... Well, it's not like we have a way of using them, so I guess it's okay.
Hagumi: But like I said before, I had a lot of fun making this with everyone!
Hagumi: Kokoron, Kaoru-kun, and I thought about what we should make and imagined what the dinosaur would like...
Hagumi: And we painted the play equipment we built in cute colors. It was all just so exciting~.
Hagumi: Even if the things we made go away, I'll always have those memories in my heart. So it's okay!
Misaki: I get what you're saying... but aren't you a little bit sad?
Misaki: With memories, it's definitely better to have a physical reminder, right?
Hagumi: Umm, it's not like I'm not sad at all. I did my best making everything, after all.
Hagumi: But if I'm too down about it, even my fun memories will lose to my sadness.
Misaki: Lose to your sadness, huh...? I see...
Hagumi: That's why I want to treasure my fun and happy memories so they aren't turned sad!
Misaki: You say that without any hesitation, but I don't think there are many people that can actually do that...
Misaki: The reason you're always so cheerful might be because you're able to maintain the joy you get from your feelings and memories.
Hagumi: ...? You think so?
Misaki: Yeah. I think that's truly amazing.
Hagumi: Ehehe... Thanks, Mii-kun!
Misaki: You're welcome. That reminds me, I wonder if the others are making any progress. Kanon-san is in that group, so I don't think they'll be playing around...
Kokoro: Hagumi! Misaki! Have you finished your work?
Hagumi: Yeah! We just finished!
Misaki: What about all of you?
Kanon: We finished cleaning up the pen.
Kaoru: All that remains is the stage. I cannot bear to simply tear it down, so why don't I put on a fleeting one-woman show before we do?
Misaki: The sun's going to go down, so let's not. Now then, shall we get started?
Kanon: Okay.
Hagumi: Okey-dokey. Then let's finish up this cleaning~!
Kanon: Still, it really is a splendid stage.
Hagumi: I really wanted to see the dinosaur and Kaoru-kun put on a play here~.
Kaoru: Ah~, Hagumi... Perhaps I shall put on Kaoru Seta's one-woman show after all...
Misaki: Come on now, get your hands moving! This'll never end if we don't started soon.
Hagumi: Right. Okay, I'll take care of this... Huh?!
Kanon: Wh-what is it, Hagumi-chan?!
Kaoru: Are you injured anywhere?!
Hagumi: Nope, the ground was just kinda squishy... Ah!
Kokoro: Oh my! If it isn't a mole!
Hagumi: Wow! He's so cute! This is the first time I've seen one so close!
Kanon: M-maybe it got scared by the sounds of us working and came above ground...
Kokoro: I'm sure he came to see the stage because it's just so magnificent!
Kaoru: I have no doubt that is the case. Ah~, and yet this stage will now be torn down... My apologies, dear mole kitten.
Misaki: You say that, but it burrowed back into the ground...
Misaki: But what should we do? Is it okay for us to just continue?
Kanon: R-right... If the mole is still in this area, it might get hurt...
Misaki: Hmm, I suppose this is something we should consult the staff of the house on...
Kokoro: Yes, let's do that!
Kokoro: But I had no idea that a mole would come to see us! Fufufu!
Kaoru: Indeed. This unexpected and rare guest has added another touch of color to our memories.
Kokoro: Okay, let's go ask for the mole to be moved to a safe place!
Kanon: Okay.
Misaki: Jeez, first it's a dinosaur, and then it's a mole... Never a dull moment, huh...?
Hagumi: But it's fun, right?!
Hagumi: We're done clearing away the stage now, but... I'm sure today's memories will always stay fun!
Misaki: Hagumi...
Hagumi: Alrighty, we should join the others and ask about the mole! C'mon, Mii-kun!
Misaki: Whoa! Okay! I got it, so don't pull me like that~!


<I Love Dinosaurs!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Residential Area]

Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan. Are you going out?
Hagumi: Yep! Today I'm going to see the dinosaurs at the museum!
Marina: Wow~, how nice. Do you like dinosaurs?
Hagumi: I do! That's because I was raising a dinosaur egg recently!
Marina: Y-you were...?!
Hagumi: Oh, it wasn't a real dinosaur egg!
Hagumi: I thought it was real for a while, but it was actually a kitchen timer~.
Marina: I see...
Hagumi: But when I was taking care of the egg, it was so exciting and fun!
Hagumi: I took it to school with me, and the other and I even built a house for the dinosaur to live in after it was born!
Marina: Did you now? Did it come out well?
Hagumi: Yeah! It was smaller than the dog house my dad made, but it came out pretty good!
Marina: Fufu, thank goodness. I've never seen a dinosaur's house, so I'd like to see it too.
Hagumi: We already cleared it away, so I only have pictures of it, but do you wanna take a look? I took them on my smartphone~.
Hagumi: Umm~, where, oh where is the house~...? Here it is!
Marina: Huh?! I-it looks fairly big and fancy...
Hagumi: You think so? Ehehe~.
Hagumi: We also made some other stuff around the house. I studied a lot so the dinosaur wouldn't have any problems after it was born!
Hagumi: Because of that, I found out a lot about dinosaurs, and came to like them even more!
Marina: That makes sense. It often happens that the more you learn about something, the more you come to like it.
Marina: Even if you don't like a song the first time you hear it, as you listen to other songs from that artist, you start to like that song.
Hagumi: Mhm, it's just like that!
Hagumi: Plus, I'm starting to understand the explanations I didn't understand when I first went to the museum.
Hagumi: I'm sure it's because I was reading field guides and thinking about dinosaurs the whole time!
Marina: Fufu. Hagumi-chan, at this rate, you might just become a dinosaur expert someday.
Hagumi: Ehehe~. Thanks, Marina-san!
Hagumi: Okay, I'm gonna go to the museum and learn more about dinosaurs today!
Marina: Okay, see you later! Take care on your way there.
Hagumi: Yeah, see you later!
Marina: Fufu, Hagumi-chan is always so energetic.
Marina: Still... What kind of kitchen timer can be mistaken for a dinosaur egg...?
