1229_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: H-how does it look? I don't look weird, do I?

<Girly Gift>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Happy birthday, Hagumi! Here! It's a present from us!
Hagumi: Thanks~! Yaaay, I'm so happy! Hm...? Is this...?
Kanon: Yeah. For this year, we decided we'd get you a cute hairpin. You see, we were thinking that a girly accessory would look great on you.
Misaki: We all went to an accessory shop to pick one we figured would suit you best together.
Kaoru: Behold, this sunflower pin most perfect for our bundle of sunshine, our always-energetic little kitten. Now, come. Adorn yourself.
Hagumi: O-Okay. Sure...! Ehehe, this is making me kind of nervous~...
Hagumi: H-How does it look? I don't look weird, do I?
Kaoru: Ahh, Hagumi...! How can you be so adorable...?! It's as if a flower has bloomed before my very eyes...
Kokoro: You look super-duper cute, Hagumi! I knew something girly would fit you great!
Kanon: You really do look cute, Hagumi-chan. That sunflower matches your personality perfectly.
Hagumi: Really? I'm kind of embarrassed, but... I'm glad it looks good on me! Hehe!
Misaki: While we're at it, how about a picture? C'mon, look over here~.
Kokoro: Hagumi! Smile more! It's your birthday, after all! You shouldn't waste it not smiling!
Hagumi: O-Okay...!
Misaki: Yeah, that's it. Now that's a great smile. Alright, then I'm taking the picture, okay? Say cheese!
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Smile in a Flower Garden>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Kitazawa Residence - Hagumi's Room]

Hagumi: Thanks for coming, O-Tae, Eve-chin!
Eve: Not at all! We will do our absolute best to style your hair, Hagumi-san!
Tae: What hairstyle should we go with? Since we're doing this, I want to go with a style that matches that hairpin.
Eve: Yes! Fufu, it is hard to decide on a hairstyle.
Hagumi: Ngh~, that kinda tickles... I never usually do stuff like this...
Tae: Hagumi, don't move your head.
Hagumi: Okay~... But do you think a cute hairstyle will suit me?
Tae: Why would you ask that? This sunflower hairpin really suits you.
Eve: That is right! Also, you must answer any kindness you receive with all of your might. That is the way of bushido!
Tae: Yeah. Plus, I'm sure the others in Hello, Happy World! would be happy to see you with this pin in your hair. You want to see them be happy, right, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Yeah! I want the others to like it too!
Eve: Well then, Hagumi-san, let's do our best together!
Hagumi: Right! Okay, I'm gonna do my best! I was so happy when they celebrated my birthday, so I want a hairstyle that shows how I feel!
Tae: Celebrate... Happy... What about decorating your hair with flowers?
Hagumi: F-flowers?!
Tae: Yeah. The hairpin looks like a sunflower, so I thought adding other flowers might be nice.
Eve: I see... In that case, what about braiding in small flowers and fastening them with pins?
Hagumi: You're right. That seems like it would make the others happy! Okay, let's turn my head into a flower garden!
