1305_Hagumi Kitazawa_R2 Spooky Pop

<Expectations☆Going☆Wild!>

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 2E]

Hagumi: ... Hey, O-Tae! Eve-chin! Do you guys have plans for our next day off?
Eve: Hagumi-san! On our next day off... I happen to be free!
Tae: I'm going to be hanging out with the Poppin'Party girls. We haven't decided where we're going yet, though.
Hagumi: In that case, would you like to come to the Halloween event downtown? It's gonna be really fun!
Hagumi: Here's a flyer for the circus that's taking place!
Eve: "A circus troupe is coming to the downtown Halloween event!" Wow, a circus troupe? How exciting!
Hagumi: Uh-huh! Right? Our band will be performing in the circus!
Tae: There's an acrobatics show and a magical illusion performance...! Ah, and even a special concert. Is this your part, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Exactly! We're gonna be playing something called~... the opening act!
Eve: Hello, Happy World! is the opening act! Then it is bound to be exhilarating!
Tae: Yeah, I have to see it! I better tell the Poppin'Party members.
Hagumi: Yeah! I just know it'll be great, so please bring everyone!
Tae: Will do! I'm looking forward to it, Hagumi.
Tae: Speaking of the circus, the flying trapeze is a must-see. You know, the one where they jump from swing to swing!
Eve: I like the juggling act! The art of skillfully controlling that many balls can only be performed by a master!
Hagumi: I wanna see an escape artist performance~! I bet it's so nail-bitingly intense that you forget to blink!
Eve: I am sure every act packs a punch! I am becoming more and more excited!
Tae: I bet you could do the flying trapeze, Hagumi. You soar into the sky and do a rotation in mid-air.
Hagumi: Wowie~! That's awesome! I wanna try it!
Eve: Then perhaps you and Kokoro-san could attempt the trick together?
Tae: Great idea, Eve. If Kokoro and Hagumi hung from opposite trapeze swings, Kokoro could jump in the air and Hagumi could catch her!
Hagumi: Whoa! I'll try my best! What comes next?
Tae: Well, in the end, you jump while holding Kokoro and then Michelle will spectacularly catch you both.
Hagumi: Whoa~! Michelle is amazing!
Eve: What a sight!
Tae: Aside from that, Hagumi will enter the arena balancing on a giant ball and juggling those bowling pins-like batons.
Eve: I would not be able to take my eyes off that! Juggling by itself is difficult, let alone while riding a big ball!
Tae: After that, Hello, Happy World! can put on an escape artist show, and finally... do the flying trapeze again!
Hagumi: O-Tae, you really love the flying trapeze, huh?! Alrighty, I'll give it my all!
Misaki: Hagumi~. Sorry to crash the party, but I've come to get you.
Hagumi: Ah, it's Mii-kun! You finished your classroom duties!
Eve: We were just talking about the circus you will be performing in!
Tae: Best of luck with the show!
Misaki: Ah, thanks. You're welcome to come watch if you want.
Tae: Great! I'll be there with the Poppin'Party gang!
Eve: Please do your best in the opening act!
Hagumi: You bet! See you later!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: It's nice you invited them, Hagumi. I hope they can make it.
Hagumi: ...
Misaki: ... What's up? Why are you so quiet?
Hagumi: ... Hey, Mii-kun. Do you think I could do the flying trapeze if I practiced real hard?
Misaki: ... You wanna do what?!


<Non-stop Wonder and Excitement!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hagumi: Wow, they have something called a fire breathing show...! Cool! That would fire everyone up!
Hagumi: I wonder how they blow fire, though. Is there a match in their mouth...?
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan. You look like you're having fun.
Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Are you looking at flyers? You sure have a lot of different ones... Ah, are those circus pamphlets?
Hagumi: Uh-huh! I gathered them all! They're all so sparkly and interesting to look at!
Marina: Ohh...! "Mr. Miracle's Miraculous Illusions," "The Crockett Circus' Japan Debut"... You're right. I'd never get bored of looking at these.
Marina: Did the Halloween event from the other day spur your interest in the circus, by any chance?
Hagumi: Yeah! Oh, did you go to see the circus too, Marina-san?!
Marina: Yep. It was mesmerizing. Not only the circus acts, but Hello, Happy World!'s concert as well.
Hagumi: Whoa...! Thanks! Yeah, it was amazing, wasn't it? It went boom and bang!
Hagumi: And in the end, it went ba-zing!
Marina: Fufu, you were really into it, huh?
Hagumi: Ehehe! It was my first time at the circus, but I had a blast...!
Hagumi: When I thought the tightrope walker was gonna fall, they did a flip and came back! And when I thought the magic show was over, it kept going!
Hagumi: It was fun just thinking about what was gonna happen next!
Marina: Yes, unpredictability is the best part of the circus.
Hagumi: Right? I knew you'd agree, Marina-san!
Hagumi: And I think if we put on heart-pounding shows like that, we could give our audience even bigger smiles!
Hagumi: I want them to be on the edge of their seats wondering what we're gonna do next!
Marina: Interesting. So it's a surprise for the audience, huh? When you put it that way, I guess there are similarities between the circus and a concert.
Hagumi: Yeah, exactly! If I learn all about the circus, I think we can put on even better concerts!
Marina: Fufu, probably. I'm sure the audience would be happy as well.
Marina: If it's okay, can I look at this pamphlet with you? I'm starting to get curious about circuses too.
Hagumi: You bet! Then let's look at it together.
