1388_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Now Studying!

Gacha phrase: Thanks for teaching me, Hina-chan-sensei!

<Back to Happy Meetings>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Okay, everyone! The Hello, Happy World! meeting is ready to begin!
Kokoro: First off, welcome back, Hagumi! You worked hard in your special class.
Hagumi: Ehehe. I'm back, guys! I studied so much~!
Kaoru: Ah~, Hagumi... Your special class was only for a week, yet the days without your presence felt like an eternity...
Kanon: I missed you, Hagumi-chan. It was a long week without you.
Misaki: When you're not around... things are quieter, but it sort of feels like something's missing...
Kokoro: Yeah! Hello, Happy World! needs you, Hagumi!
Kaoru: This week made it very clear that we are only truly Hello, Happy World! when we are all together.
Hagumi: You guys...! I was dying to see you all too~!
Hagumi: When I couldn't see you, it made me think about Hello, Happy World! even more.
Hagumi: I kept thinking about what you were doing and wondering if you were making new songs.
Kokoro: Oh. We didn't make any new songs while you were away. Right, Misaki?!
Misaki: Huh? Uhh, well, yeah... That's the kind of thing we all need to be around for.
Kanon: Misaki-chan wrote down a tune Kokoro-chan was humming but said to wait until Hagumi-chan was back to write the lyrics and melody. Right, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: H-hey, Kanon-san. I told you you didn't need to say all that.
Hagumi: Wow~, really?! Mii-kun, thank you!
Kokoro: That's right. We made sure to wait for you!
Misaki: It was less about waiting and more about, umm... Since we perform the songs together, making them together makes them sound more like "our" music...
Misaki: If it were me, I'd feel a little sad if everyone started making a song when I wasn't around...
Kaoru: Ah~, how fleeting... Distance makes the heart grow fonder. These times apart are what make us comprehend the importance of friendship.
Hagumi: Yeah, I think so too! It stinks when I can't see everyone, but I get excited thinking about what you're up to.
Hagumi: I kept thinking about all the things I would do when I got back~!
Kanon: We talked a lot about what we'd do together once you were back too. Didn't we, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: Yeah, umm... A-anyway, how did the studying go, Hagumi?
Misaki: Hina-san tutored you until you took the makeup test, right?
Hagumi: Yep! Hina-chan-sensei taught me some stuff, and now I feel like I'm a bit smarter than before!
Hagumi: Hina-chan-sensei is amazing! I liked studying because the way she teaches is fun and easy to understand!
Misaki: Oh~. It sounds like Hina-san tried really hard to help you.
Kaoru: I see. In that case, we must show Hina our gratitude.
Kokoro: Yeah! We should do something that puts a huge smile on Hina's face!
Misaki: Well, Hina-san's a pretty busy person. If we want to thank her, giving her some sweets should be enough, don't you think?
Kanon: Yes, she has her Pastel＊Palettes jobs, and she's the student council president. She's always busy.
Misaki: She's that busy, and yet she still made time to help Hagumi study. I'm not sure if Hina-san is kind or just spontaneous...
Kaoru: Ah~... She is as kind as the ocean that embraces us all. She truly is the student council president of our school.
Hagumi: Ah! That's right! Listen to this, rain actually comes from the sea!
Kokoro: Wow! You know so much!
Hagumi: Water from the ocean evaporates and becomes clouds, which turn into the rain that falls on our heads!
Misaki: Wow~, you really do know how rain works.
Kaoru: Impressive, Hagumi! Is that too one of the fruits of your labor?
Hagumi: Ehehe. Yep! Hina-chan-sensei taught me~.
Misaki: Wow~... I never thought the day would come when our Hagumi would be dropping knowledge like this...
Kanon: Fufu. It feels a little strange, doesn't it?
Misaki: If Hagumi keeps getting smarter like this, then it'll be easier to get things done~.
Hagumi: Hrm? By the way, where's Michelle?
Hagumi: I'd like to see her. We haven't been able to hang out for a while~.
Kokoro: That's true. We haven't seen her in a while either. I wonder how she's doing.
Misaki: Uhh, Michelle said she's been busy working downtown.
Hagumi: Oh~. Hrm? Mii-kun, didn't you say Michelle was busy working downtown the last time too?
Hagumi: ... Hrm? Wait, is Michelle...
Misaki: Huh...? Wh-what?
Hagumi: Okay, okay... Ah~... I get it now.
Misaki: G-get what...?
Hagumi: Mii-kun! I figured it out!
Misaki: (Figured... wh-what out? Wait, does she know who Michelle really is now...?)
Misaki: (Nah, she couldn't. I didn't say anything that would've given it away, did I?! But the way Hagumi's acting...)
Hagumi: Maybe it's winter break right now in the land of fluffy mascots, so Michelle could've gone somewhere on vacation, right?
Misaki: ... Huh?
Hagumi: Remember when the shopkeepers downtown let us go to the hot springs? Maybe they gave Michelle tickets for a trip since she's been working so hard!
Kaoru: I see. If that's so, then it would make sense why we haven't seen Michelle lately. I pray that she will return to us safely.
Kokoro: Don't worry. Michelle can take care of herself! When she returns, we should all welcome her back together!
Hagumi: Yeah! I wonder where she went for vacation~. I better get a ton of croquettes ready for her!
Kanon: ... Umm, it seems like we don't have to worry yet... Right, Misaki-chan?
Misaki: So it seems... Well, I guess she won't catch on that easily, after all...


<What I Learned From Studying>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Hagumi: Ohh, what's this say...? Giraffes eat lots of food, so it takes them a long time to eat... and that's why they don't sleep much...
Hagumi: Wow~, is that so?! Giraffes are amazing~!
Marina: Hagumi-chan! Hi!
Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi~!
Marina: You look like you're having a lot of fun. What are you reading?
Hagumi: It's an encyclopedia about animals! While I'm waiting, I'm learning all kinds of things about them~.
Marina: Wow~, you're reading and studying~. Good for you!
Hagumi: Ehehe. Lately, Hina-chan-sensei has been tutoring me, so I like studying now!
Marina: Hina-chan-sensei...? Are you talking about Hina-chan?
Hagumi: Yep! Hina-chan-sensei is super smart! She's always at the top of her class at Haneoka!
Hagumi: And she's really, really good at teaching!
Marina: Hina-chan's tutoring you, eh? She has an interesting way of seeing things, so I bet she has a unique way of teaching.
Hagumi: She does! When I study with Hina-chan-sensei, I remember things right away!
Marina: You can remember things that quickly? That's incredible. What's your secret?
Hagumi: I've thought about it too. And I figured out it's 'cause I'm having fun!
Marina: Because you're having fun?
Hagumi: Yeah! I always remember what my dad says, the rules for softball, and things about Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: I think it's because I love my dad and softball and Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Things you love just kinda stick with you~.
Marina: Ah, I think I know what you mean. You can remember fun and interesting things without even trying to.
Hagumi: Yeah! Hina-chan-sensei uses the things I love to help me study.
Hagumi: And now I can easily understand all the problems I couldn't before!
Hagumi: I feel like studying is becoming fun!
Marina: Wow, that's a good way to study. I think it's just like you said, maybe Hina-chan is a good teacher.
Hagumi: She is! And now, Hina-chan and I are best buds! I'm super happy about that!
Marina: Fufu. If you keep studying together, you might become even better friends.
Hagumi: I think so too! I wanna learn all kinds of things with Hina-chan-sensei now~.
Marina: You should. Keep at it!
Hagumi: Ah, Hina-chan-sensei is here! Hey~, Hina-chan-sensei~!
Hagumi: See ya later, Marina-san. I've got a lesson!
Marina: Okay. See you!
