1395_Hagumi Kitazawa_R3 Solver of Mysteries

<Great Detective Hagumi?!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Kokoro's Room]

Hagumi: Wow~! This is super cool and amazing!
Kaoru: Interesting... I can see how presenting things this way would serve to draw in the audience further.
Misaki: ... This isn't what I expected when we were suddenly asked to come...
Kanon: I was a bit surprised, too, when she said we'll be watching a phantom thief movie. It looks like Kokoro-chan and Hagumi-chan are still into phantom thieves.
Misaki: Sure looks like it. They did seem to enjoy working on the new song.
Kokoro: Misaki, Kanon! It's almost the climax! You're going to miss it if you don't pay attention!
Hagumi: Yeah! Oh, wow~! Look, look! The phantom thief showed up!
Kaoru: They managed to break through the impressive perimeter... However, the detective does not appear to have been outdone.
Hagumi: Yeah! Looks like they knew the phantom thief would show- Ah! The whole screen just turned white!
Kokoro: There's some movement on the other side of the cloud of smoke. The phantom thief must be trying to use this chance to escape.
Hagumi: Ah~! Where'd they go...?
Kaoru: A most brilliant escape indeed. Even among phantom thieves, they are truly one of the greatest.
Kaoru: Yet it seems the detective has no intention of letting matters end here. They have assembled everyone, and that can only mean they know the thief's identity.
Kaoru: ... Whoever it must be must certainly be one of the individuals within the room.
Kokoro: Wow! The detective is so smart! Why don't we try guessing who the phantom thief is?!
Kanon: I can't even guess who it is...
Misaki: They probably wouldn't be disguised as a police officer on guard since those are basically bit parts. My money's on one of the supporting cast.
Kaoru: I would agree. Having the culprit be a character that suddenly appeared would leave the audience dissatisfied.
Kokoro: Oh, but everyone's saying they're not the phantom thief.
Misaki: One of them's lying. The story would end here if the thief just admitted it.
Hagumi: ... Wait. Didn't this police officer guy say something different earlier?
Misaki: He did? Sorry, let me rewind a bit... You mean him?
Hagumi: Yeah! When the painting got stolen, he said he wasn't around, but what he said just now makes it sound like he was nearby.
Kokoro: If Hagumi's right, then he could be the phantom thief!
Kanon: Hmm... I'm not so sure. Until Hagumi-chan pointed it out, what he said didn't sound that strange.
Misaki: Seemed normal enough to me too. What do you think, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: To brush aside Hagumi's observation is not something I wish to do.
Kaoru: And yet it would go against established motifs of stories such as this one to have it be such a minor character who suddenly appears...
Kokoro: Motifs? You mean like stuff people expect? Why does a fun story even need that kind of stuff?
Hagumi: Yeah. If it's a good story, I don't think it matters!
Kanon: You're both right, it's just...
Hagumi: And it's not like he just showed up. He's the artist who met the detective at the start of the movie, isn't he?
Misaki: Huh? He is? The artist's face was all hidden though.
Hagumi: Yeah, but they walk the same way.
Kanon: They do...? I wasn't really paying attention to how they were walking.
Misaki: Me neither... Are you sure, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Mm-hmm! Look, the detective's about to say who the thief is!
Hello, Happy World!: ...
Kaoru, Misaki & Kanon: ...
Kokoro: Wow! You were right, Hagumi! You're like a detective!
Misaki: Uh, the detective used proper deduction to figure out the officer and artist are the same guy...
Kaoru: How was anyone to foresee that the thief's gait would give away their identity?
Kanon: Yes. And you actually noticed, Hagumi-chan. You're so amazing.
Hagumi: Ehehe. Do you think I can become a detective too then?
Kokoro: Of course! And I'm sure you'll even be able to catch the Happy Thief!
Hagumi: Yay~!
Misaki: Ahaha...
Kaoru: Fufu...
Hagumi: ... Wait. But if the officer was the phantom thief, how did they take the painting? They weren't there when it happened.
Misaki: They set up an alibi by changing the time of all the clocks in the manor. The painting was actually stolen earlier. The detective's explaining it now.
Hagumi: But it was stolen at eight in the evening, right? Isn't eight still eight even if you change the time of a clock?
Misaki: No, you see... Forget it. I don't think I can explain it well enough.
Hagumi: Hmm~... Hmm~...
Misaki: Haha... Guess you're still you, Hagumi.


<A Hero>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: Phew... This stuff sure is heavy, huh~...? I thought the two of us would be able to manage...
Hagumi: Ah! Marina-san! {{userName}}-san~...! You've got so much stuff! Did you go shopping?
Marina: Mm-hmm. There were a few odds and ends I had to grab. I asked {{userName}}-san to help me out, but it turns out there's a bit more than I expected...
Hagumi: This isn't just a few~! You're taking all of this to CiRCLE, right? Want me to help?
Marina: Thanks, but it's alright. I'd feel bad making you do our job.
Hagumi: I don't mind... Hmm~, but...
Marina: Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: Oh! Can I try carrying that for a bit?
Marina: Uh, why?
Hagumi: Um, no reason. I just wanna see how heavy it is. It'll be just for a bit. Please?
Marina: Well~, I suppose there's no harm. But be careful. It really is pretty heavy.
Hagumi: Thanks! Wow, you're right~.
Marina: Told you. Now, if you don't mind-
Hagumi: ... Fu fu fu~. Your stuff now belongs to Phantom Thief Hagumin! If you want it back, you'll have to come to CiRCLE!
Marina: Huh?! W-wait! What's going on?
Hagumi: Ehehe!
Hagumi: You see, the Happy Phantom Thief sent us this challenge, so we went to a castle!
Marina: What's this about the Happy Phantom Thief...?
Hagumi: The Happy Phantom Thief is super cool and amazing... And she's a phantom thief, but also a good guy!
Marina: I see... And what about Phantom Thief Hagumin...?
Hagumi: That's me, of course!
Hagumi: I wanna be a good guy just like the Happy Phantom Thief, so I'm stealing your stuff and taking it CiRCLE~!
Hagumi: But don't worry. I'll give it back once we get there!
Marina: ... I see. I guess I'll let you steal our things then.
Hagumi: Sure! Leave it to me!
Marina: You... I mean Phantom Thief Hagumin is a thief, but a hero, so I'm sure our belongings will be safe in her capable hands.
Hagumi: Yeah! Just leave it to Phantom Thief Hagumin!
Hagumi: To CiRCLE! Let's go!
