1505_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 So Sisterly, Hagumi!

Gacha phrase: Ask your friends what they want to do!

<What It Means to Be Close Pt. 1>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[After School]

[Park]

Hagumi: Ah, Hii-chan! Over here, over here~!
Himari: I sprinted all the way here and I still lost~. Sorry to keep you waiting.
Himari: Here you go. These are the magazines I promised you! They're special spring fashion editions!
Hagumi: Thanks! Huh? Isn't this kind of a lot?
Himari: These two are my recommendations for you! It might seem like a lot, but I chose them carefully!
Hagumi: Whoa~, thanks! That makes me so happy!
Himari: Ehehe. Well, why don't we read them over on that bench?
Hagumi: Okay!
(Black cut)

[After Some Time]

Hagumi: The sleeves on this outfit are different colors! It's so cute...!
Himari: I know, right?! It's got the right amount of coolness too, so I think it'd be perfect for you!
Hagumi: Also, also! I kinda like this outfit too... Huh? A ball...?
Child 1: Excuse me~. Could you please give our ball back~?
Himari: It looks like it belongs to those kids.
Hagumi: In that case, leave it to me! Get ready~... Yah!
Child 1: Whoa... Th-thank you~.
Hagumi: You're welcome!
Himari: Fufu, incredible as ever, Hagu! Your return was perfect!
Hagumi: Heheh!
Child 1: ... Hey, let's just go home. It's not fun with just the two of us~.
Child 2: Hrm~... But I wanna play more...
Himari: Oh dear. Do you think they were supposed to be playing with more friends?
Hagumi: Maybe... Hey, Hii-chan. Would it be okay if I invited them to play with us?
Himari: I knew you'd say that! Sure! Let's invite them!
Hagumi: Yay!
Hagumi: Hey~, you two! Let's play together~!
(Black cut)
Himari: Ohh! Nice one, Hagu!
Hagumi: Hehe. Okay, you're next, Hii-chan! Here I go!
Himari: Leave it to me! I definitely won't drop i- Whoa, whoa! H-huh?
Child 1: Ahaha! You dropped the ball again! We win~!
Himari: Darn it~! I was sure I'd be able to do it this time~!
Hagumi: It's okay, don't worry about it! I'll go get the ball! Just wait a sec!
Himari: Ngh. I'm sorry~, Hagu~.
Hagumi: ... I'm back! Hey, you two. Come on over!
Child 3 & 4: Are you sure it's okay?
Hagumi: Of course! You bet it's okay!
Himari: Th-there's more of you... Hagu, who are those kids?
Hagumi: They were over that way saying how fun our ball game looked, so I invited them to play with us!
Himari: That's just like you... But I guess it is more to play fun with lots of people.
Child 5: Are you guys playing with that ball? Let us join~!
Child 6: Yeah, let us play~!
Himari: H-huh...?!
Hagumi: Okay! Then let's all play together! I wonder what game be fun with this many people~.
Himari: With so many people, I bet everyone will have trouble agreeing.
Hagumi: You think so too? Hrm, for times like this... I know!
Hagumi: Let's have some thinking time to decide what to play! Let's talk with each other to decide what game would be fun!
Hagumi: If we do that, I'm sure we'll come up with an idea that's better than anything we'd think of on our own!
Children: Okay!
Hagumi: Alright, ready...? Go!
Himari: Well that was unexpected... But you know, it's kind of exciting.
Hagumi: I can't wait to find out what we choose~! Ehehe!


<What It Means to Be Close Pt. 2>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Hagumi: ... I wanna play that game, but I also wanna play this game... Hii-chan, have you decided what you wanna do?
Himari: Not yet~. It's like, I can't come up with one single game~!
Hagumi: That's because there are lots of games that sound like fun! Hmm, what should we do~?
Himari: Do you wanna try asking the other kids? Everyone might actually have the same thing in mind...
Child 5: Aww, I don't like dodgeball!
Child 3: What do you wanna play then?
Child 5: I don't know, but I don't wanna play dodgeball!
Himari: ... What? It seems like they're arguing!
Himari: This isn't good, Hagu! We've gotta hurry and stop them! Hey~, you two~...
Hagumi: Wait, Hii-chan!
Himari: Whoa! Hagu, why are you stopping me? At this rate, the two of them might get into a fight.
Hagumi: I know. But I want you to wait for just a little longer.
Himari: But...
Hagumi: ... Um, Hii-chan, have you ever fought with your big sister before?
Himari: Of course I have! But why do you ask?
Hagumi: I sometimes fight with my big brother too!
Hagumi: And sometimes our dad will step in... He'll get mad and tell us, "Just make up already"!
Hagumi: When that happens, I always get this, like... weird feeling!
Himari: You do?
Hagumi: Yeah. It's like... we made up, but we didn't do it right...
Hagumi: And then we end up not talking for even longer than when we've had full-on fights. Haven't you had that happen to you too?
Himari: Hmm... Now that you mention it, I think that does happen.
Himari: You apologize to one another, but it feels like it's just for show, and you end up feeling awkward instead, right?
Hagumi: Yeah! It's like that!
Hagumi: I really don't like that feeling! It kinda makes it hard for me to say what I'm thinking.
Hagumi: So I think it's better to actually say what you think, even if you end up fighting with someone!
Himari: You might be right... But what do we do? Just letting them argue doesn't feel right either.
Hagumi: Umm~... Uhh~... What if we listened to what they have to say?
Hagumi: We still haven't heard the reason they don't wanna play dodgeball, right?
Himari: Ah, now that you mention it...
Hagumi: See?! If we do that, I'm sure we can come up with an answer that will make everyone smile!
Himari: Right. Yeah... That really is a good point.
Himari: Then it's settled! Let's ask them right away!
Hagumi: Okay!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

Hagumi: Let's play again sometime! Bye-bye!
Hagumi: ... Sigh! That was fun!
Himari: Seriously. I played so much I might be sore all over~.
Himari: The kid that didn't want to play dodgeball said it was because they didn't like throwing the ball at their friends. That was such a kind reason.
Hagumi: Yeah! Some of the other kids felt the same way, so I'm really glad we got to hear them out~!
Hagumi: They're even better friends than before, and thanks to that, they got to really enjoy themselves!
Himari: Mhm! Fufu. You were like a big sister today. It was kinda cool!
Hagumi: Really?! Ehehe, that makes me so happy~!
Hagumi: ... To tell you the truth, lately I've been wanting to be more of a big sister~.
Himari: You have?
Hagumi: Yeah. Remember when we took part in that flea market?
Hagumi: I realized that Chisato-senpai, Eve-chin, and even the others at different times paid way more attention to what was happening around them than I did.
Hagumi: They noticed things I couldn't and secretly helped me out... I thought that was just so cool!
Hagumi: That's why when you said I was like a big sister a second ago, it made me really, really happy!
Hagumi: I wanted to do what I could in my own way so that people would think I was cool!
Himari: Hagu... Yeah, that is really cool! I wasn't even able to think that far!
Himari: Did you invite those kids to play with that in mind?! That's so impressive...!
Hagumi: Nope! I just thought it would be fun!
Himari: Wh-what...?! Ohh~! I was just about to feel moved~!
Himari: Well, I guess that doesn't matter. It doesn't change the fact that you're cool or that I had a lot of fun today!
Hagumi: Ehehe.
Hagumi: Let's all play together again! Next time we can invite Kaa-kun, Kokoron, and the others!
Himari: Great idea! I'm sure those kids would enjoy it too!
Hagumi: Yeah! We'll definitely all play together! That's a promise!
