1510_Hagumi Kitazawa_R2 Like Michelle!

<Forever Marie>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Marie: Here's the last stop of the Hanasakigawa Downtown Stamp Rally~!
Michelle (Misaki): Collect the stamps all over downtown and get lots of prizes~!
Marie: Good kids get balloons, too~! Enjoy your time here, everyone~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown - Office]

Michelle (Misaki): Phew... It's finally over~...
Hagumi: It's great that we managed to give away all those balloons!
Michelle (Misaki): Yeah, they were really popular~. You suddenly got called in this morning as Marie, though, didn't you? Sorry it had to happen~.
Hagumi: It didn't bother me at all! I was happy everyone wanted to meet her!
Michelle (Misaki): I see~. True, everyone did seem really glad to see Marie~.
Michelle (Misaki): (Sigh... Man, it's hot. I guess I'll just take this off... No, I can't do that before Hagumi does.)
Hagumi: ... Huh? My zipper's stuck! Aww, how'd this happen?! I can't get out~!
Michelle (Misaki): What? You can't...? Ah, hold on, I'll hel-
Hagumi: Oh! It's unstuck now! Thank goodness~! Hm? What's wrong, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): Uhhh... Well, I was going to help, but...
Hagumi: You were? Thanks!
Hagumi: That was a bit of a scare. I was beginning to wonder what I was going to do if I ended up stuck inside Marie!
Michelle (Misaki): Nah, there's no way that could~... ...
Michelle (Misaki): ... Hey, Hagumi-chan. Now, this is just a "what if" sort of situation, but... What would you do if you did get stuck as Marie?
Hagumi: Um, stuck as Marie...?
Hagumi: If I can't take Marie off, then... I'd have to live the rest of my life as her, right...?
Michelle (Misaki): Wait, no, I didn't say for the rest of your life.
Hagumi: ... If I have to be Marie for the rest of my life, then...
Michelle (Misaki): H-Hagumi-chan~? Are you listening~?
Hagumi: If I was stuck as Marie forever, then... I think I could make even more people smile! Just like you, Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, you're going the optimistic route? So you're saying you'd be fine being stuck as Marie?
Hagumi: Yeah! If it means other people will be happy, then I'd be happy, too!
Michelle (Misaki): Haha, I see... Well, that does sound just like you...
Hagumi: ... Ah. Wait, doesn't it also mean I wouldn't be able to eat croquettes anymore?
Michelle (Misaki): Seriously? That's what bothers you?
Hagumi: Hmm... I might be able to stand it for a day, but being unable to eat croquettes forever isn't something I can live with... What should I do...?
Michelle (Misaki): You don't have to worry, Hagumi-chan~. This was just a "what if" sort of thing, remember~?
Hagumi: Plus, if I have to be Marie forever...
Michelle (Misaki): It's no good, she can't hear me at all.
Hagumi: ... That means I won't be able to hang out with the band, either. That'd be... really sad...
Michelle (Misaki): ... It would be. I think everyone else would feel the same way about not being able to see you.
Hagumi: Oh, but I bet Kokoron and the others would still be nice to me even if I were Marie!
Hagumi: So being Marie won't be a problem at all! I've got to practice playing bass with this suit on then!
Michelle (Misaki): ... What? H-Hagumi-chan~?
Hagumi: I bet if I practice enough, I can play softball like this, too. After that, all that's left is... finding a way to eat croquettes!
Hagumi: It's settled! I'm gonna go practice! Okay, you can do this, Hagumi~!
Michelle (Misaki): Wha-... Where are you going, Hagumi-chan?! Hey! We were just talking "what ifs!"


<Someday for Sure!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown]

Marina: I wasn't expecting us to do this much walking today. You're not the only one who's starving now...
Hagumi: Oh! Marina-saaan! {{userName}}-san! What are you both doing here?
Marina: Shopping. We had a lot of stops to make today, but we're finally done.
Hagumi: Wow, that many? At least you're done now!
Marina: Thanks. So now, we're feeling a little hungry and talking about grabbing a bite to eat.
Hagumi: In that case, I recommend our croquettes! One bite, and you'll be full of energy again, guaranteed!
Hagumi: They even come with the stamp of approval of everyone's favorite mascot around here! I'm talking about Michelle, of course!
Marina: Huh? Michelle can eat croquettes?
Hagumi: Yeah! Do you remember that day we were looking for that old lady's talisman?
Marina: Of course. The one that got lost at CiRCLE, right?
Hagumi: Right! Well, while we were looking for it, we ended up at the park, and that's where we ate some croquettes we got from my place.
Hagumi: Except Michelle said she wasn't hungry at the time and that she'd eat hers later. Mii-kun told me after that Michelle said it was really good, though!
Marina: So that's what you meant.
Hagumi: Yeah! But I'd like to eat some with Michelle next time.
Hagumi: I wanna see her smile after she takes a bite into my store's croquettes!
Marina: Well, if that's what you want, I'm sure it'll come true someday.
Hagumi: You're probably right! I mean, Michelle'll always be with us anyway, and maybe she'll even feel hungry next time!
Marina: Fufu... Chatting with you has suddenly put me in the mood for some croquettes.
Marina: Want to stop by Hagumi's store, {{userName}}-san? We're already here anyway.
Hagumi: It'll be a pleasure doing business with you! Let's also eat them together! I wanna see your smiles too!
