1585_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Yay~! Thanks~, everyone!

<A Chemical Reaction of Smiles>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Kokoro: Mmm~! It's so super-duper sunny today! Perfect for the Smile Patrol!
Misaki: Hold your horses! Where are you going?! Today's Hagumi's birthday party, remember?!
Kokoro: Oh, yeah! Hagumi, happy birthday!
Hagumi: Thanks, Kokoron!
Kanon: This is a present from all of us.
Hagumi: I-is this...?!
Kaoru: It's a set of the candies you've been eating during our breaks when we're practicing.
Kaoru: To think that these will let us see your smile... What fleeting candies these are.
Hagumi: Yay~! Thanks~, everyone!
Hagumi: This is candy that changes colors and bubbles as you make it by mixing the powder with water! There are super stretchy candies in here too! Hey, let's try some together!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: There are numbers on the bags with the strange powder. First, I'll put the bag one's powder in some water and mix it up...
Kokoro: Wow! It turned blue!
Hagumi: Next, I'll put the powder from bag two in! Mixy-mixy, round and round~♪
Kaoru: It's slowly turning red...! What kind of trick is this?
Hagumi: Hina-chan-sensei taught me all about it. She says it changes color 'cause Mr. Alkali is acy-daky-cidic!
Misaki: I think you're talking about a chemical reaction, but it sure doesn't sound like it when you say it. That must be part of your Hagumi Magic...
Misaki: Hrm? When you say "Hina-chan-sensei," do you mean Pastel＊Palettes's Hina-san?
Hagumi: Yep! We ate these together the other day! When the bubbles started coming up, I thought Hina-chan-sensei was using magic!
Hagumi: I didn't understand why the bubbles appeared, but I sure thought it was cool. That's when I started getting into these!
Kanon: So that's what happened. You were surprised when you made it because you didn't know about the chemical reaction.
Hagumi: Yeah! I wanna make the bubbles with you all~! ... Ah, I forgot bag three's powder!
Hagumi: It says something really strange will happen when you put this one in the water! Ehehe, I can't wait to see it~!


<Bubbly Recommendation...>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Kasumi: Hagu, hi~!
Hagumi: Kaa-kun, hiya~! We've got beef croquettes on sale today!
Kasumi: Fufu, I didn't come to buy anything today...
Hagumi: ...?
Kasumi: I know I'm a little late, but happy birthday~!
Hagumi: Oh wow~! Thank you!
Kasumi: I'm here to celebrate your big day! And I've got a present for you~!
Hagumi: What is it~? I'm so excited~!
Kasumi: Ta-da~! It's gift certificates to buy as much candy as you want from the candy lady's place~!
Hagumi: No way~?! Really?!
Kasumi: Yep♪ Get all the candy you like!
Hagumi: Yay~! Lately, there's this candy I really like!
Hagumi: You put this strange powder into water, and when you mix it all around, it changes colors and makes bubbles and turns into candy~!
Kasumi: Really?! What kinda candy is that?!
Hagumi: On my birthday, I ate that color-changing candy with Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: The bags of strange powder have numbers on them. When you mix the powders in water starting with bag one, the color changes!
Kasumi: What colors are they?! Do they make a rainbow?!
Hagumi: Umm, when we did it, it changed from blue to red!
Hagumi: And we made this thing where gummies came out of a strange drink!
Kasumi: Oh boy~! There are so many kinds of sweets!
Hagumi: Yeah, the others gave me a ton of candy for my birthday!
Kasumi: Lucky~! I wanna try some too~!
Hagumi: Then, let's go shopping together!
Kasumi: Yay~! Let's go, let's go~.
Hagumi: Maybe I'll use the gift card you gave me for my birthday.
Kasumi: Use it as much as you want~!
Hagumi: But I have to watch the store until my dad comes back. He's meeting with the other shopkeepers, but he should be getting back soon...
Kasumi: Then, I'll watch the store with you!
Hagumi: Really?! Thanks~!
Kasumi: I'll get you tons of customers!
Hagumi & Kasumi: C'mon over~! Beef croquettes are on sale today~!
