1605_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Everyone Together!

Gacha phrase: With Hello, Happy World! and Friends!

<Hello, Show Planning!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Hello, Happy~!!  Channel~!!
Kaoru: ... Fufu. Just as I would expect from you, Kokoro. Your brightness is like the sun, casting rays of light down upon the land.
Kokoro: Hehe, thanks! Alright, it's your turn next, Kaoru.
Kaoru: And so I shall gratefully oblige. If I may...
Kaoru: ... Hello, Happy Channel...
Kaoru: Was that to your liking?
Hagumi: That was so cool, Kaoru-kun! It was just like a line from a play!
Kokoro: Yes! It had this sorta vibe to it that made me really excited!
Hagumi: Kokoron, can I go next?
Kokoro: Of course!
Hagumi: Yaaay~! Okay, here I go...
Kanon: ... They look like they're having fun, huh?
Misaki: Yeah, they do... Except that instead of having the meeting about planning our next episode like we're supposed to be, they're now for some reason working on a jingle for the channel.
Kanon: I mean, I guess jingles are important too, so maybe this isn't so bad either.
Misaki: True, at least they haven't lost the point completely... I guess we're gonna keep doing this whole thing, huh? The Hello, Happy Channel.
Kanon: It sure looks like it. Fufu, I wonder what's going to happen in the next episode.
Misaki: ... Kanon-san. You're actually enjoying this a lot, aren't you?
Kanon: Yup. I am♪
Misaki: Hahaha...
Hagumi: ... Hey! Mii-kun, Kano-chan-senpai! Which do you like better?
Misaki & Kanon: Huh?
Misaki: Um, is this about the jingle?
Hagumi: No, it's about our next episode! Wasn't that meant to be the point of today's meeting?
Misaki: Ah, that? ... Wait, you were the ones that ignored that and started coming up with jingles.
Kanon: Ahaha...
Hagumi: So you see, I wanna do everything everyone wants to do for our next episode! So tell me what you two wanna do!
Misaki: ... Huh? It's kind hard to say when you spring it on me out of the blue like that...
Kanon: Hm... What I want to do...
Hagumi: I've got lots of stuff I want to do. Like make a house out of candy big enough to live in and play in it! Or have teatime in it!
Misaki: You want to make a house out of candy...
Hagumi: Oh, and I wanna jump rope with 100 people! Then after that, we can all eat lunch out on the grass! ... Ah, then it'd probably be more fun if we all made our lunch boxes together, too.
Misaki: Hold on, 100 people? These plans just keep getting bigger and bigger... and they all involve roping in others.
Kanon: But it is kind of fun listening to your ideas. I think that if you could actually make them happen, they'd end up being a lot of fun.
Hagumi: Yeah! I know they definitely would!
Misaki: Seriously though... You've got all sorts of stuff you want to try, huh? Hagumi.
Hagumi: It surprised me, too!
Misaki: What?
Hagumi: We've done so many fun things together already, I was wondering whether there could even be anything left we haven't tried, but...
Hagumi: That's not a problem at all! I just keep coming up with more and more things I wanna do with everyone!.
Hagumi: I bet you that's because there's no limits on fun! Which is why that's what I'd like to show our viewers.
Hagumi: And in order to do that, I wanna show everyone things that I have fun doing, so they can have fun doing them too.
Misaki: ... That's just like you, Hagumi.
Kanon: Yeah. It's kind of a nice way of thinking about things.
Hagumi: ... Ah!
Misaki: What? Come up with something else?
Hagumi: Yeah! About our jingle, what if we had everybody say one part each?
Misaki: ... And we're back to this.
Kaoru: One part each?
Kokoro: ... Oh, I get it! Sure! Okay, then we'll have the order be...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Alright! Then let's give it a try, everyone! Ready, go!
Hagumi: He
Kanon: llo♪
Misaki: Ha
Kaoru: ppy…
Kokoro: Ch
Hagumi & Kaoru: an
Misaki & Kanon: ne
All: l!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Question for You~!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Marina: I knew it, shopping with two people makes it go way faster, huh? Alright, then let's head back to CiRCLE an-
Hagumi: See you later~!
Marina: Huh? Hagumi-chan...?
Hagumi: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! That's a lot of bags... Oh, I've got it! You must be out shopping, right?
Marina: Fufu, got it in one. What are you doing here, Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: Hello, Happy Channel!
Marina: Huh? Hello, Happy...? Oh, are you shooting something?
Hagumi: Nope, not actually shooting! I was playing with some kids that were here at the park, and we were pretending that we were recording!
Marina: I see... So? Was the show a success?
Hagumi: Yup! Everyone had all sorts of stuff they wanted to try, so it was kind of tough to do them all, but it was a lot of fun!
Hagumi: ... Huh? Wait, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, you know about our channel?
Marina: Yup, you bet! Everyone looked like they were having so much fun, and it ended up being a lot of fun for us, too.
Hagumi: Oh, wow. Thanks! We had some comments from grown-ups while we were streaming, too.
Marina: Huh. We didn't check the comments section, but I guess all sorts of people tuned in to watch, huh?
Hagumi: Yeah! At first, I was going to do like Mii-kun said and try and make the show something that little kids would like. I thought it'd be cool if the kids that came had a great time!
Hagumi: But here's the thing, when we looked at the comments, we realized that the grown-ups watching were having fun watching us have fun.
Hagumi: Kokoron said something like, "We can't know what everyone's going to have fun doing. So let's just have fun ourselves." And she was right!
Hagumi: The grown-ups watching had fun because we had fun, after all!
Marina: Yeah. Having fun yourselves is the most important thing. I mean, we liked watching your stream because of how much you looked like you were having fun, too.
Hagumi: Ehehe, thanks! ... Oh, that's right!
Hagumi: Hello, Happy Channel on the go! Question time with Marina-san and  {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Huh? Question time? O-oh, I hope I know the answer...
Hagumi: What do you two think is fun?
Marina: Fun, huh... I guess watching everyone at CiRCLE do their best. What about you,  {{userName}}-san?
Hagumi: ... Oh, so that's what you think is fun! Thanks for sharing!
Marina: You're welcome. But where'd this come from all of a sudden?
Hagumi: You see, I like doing things that I think are fun, but I also like learning about what other people think is fun, too.
Hagumi: That's why I wanted to know what you two thought!
Marina: Ah, that does sound just like you, Hagumi-chan. Keep on using that energy to share the fun with everyone, okay?
Hagumi: You bet!
