1755_Hagumi Kitazawa_R5 Smiles without Borders

Gacha phrase: Wow, incredible! You're Kokoron's childhood friend!

<Fleetingly as Third-Years>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3E]

Misaki: Phew~... Finally done~. Why do grade-level assemblies have to be so exhausting?
Misaki: Anyway... Since Kokoro already went home to take care of some family stuff, guess I'll also head home. Time to meet up with Hagumi...
Hagumi: Greetings, Misaki... Let us return home, shall we?
Misaki: ... Huh?
(Black cut)
Misaki: Oh~, I see... I know we were told during the grade-level assembly to try to behave properly as third-years, but...
Hagumi: It is but that... I simply thought that doing so would bring more smiles... uh, fleetingness, to the school.
Misaki: Trying to copy Kaoru-san won't magically make you a model third-year though.
Hagumi: The only way to find out is to try, would you not say? Let us go then. Our fleeting journey to search for proper third-year conduct awaits!
Hagumi: ...! Ah... Forgive me. Fufu, how unfleeting of me... As a third-year, I should be walking elegantly, not running.
Misaki: Uh, Hagumi, hey...?! Sigh, looks like there's no convincing her, but I can't exactly abandon her either...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Hagumi: Good day, little kittens. Good day to you and to you as well.
Underclassman: Huh...? H-hello...
Misaki: S-sorry~. Don't mind her~.
Misaki: (Ngh... The underclassmen are giving us weird looks... This is getting embarrassing...)
Misaki: Hey, Hagumi. How long do you intend to...
Arisa: Oh, Kitazawa-san, Okusawa-san.
Hagumi: Greetings, Arisa-chan... It must be fate that has brought us together here.
Arisa: ... Huh?
Misaki: I wouldn't say meeting in the school hallway is exactly fateful... Although it did sound like something Kaoru-san would say...
Hagumi: What is the matter, Arisa-chan? Why are you staring at me so...? Could it be that I have captivated you?
Arisa: Uh... Okusawa-san... What's going on?
Misaki: Basically... she's trying to act like Kaoru-san so that she can behave like a proper third-year...
Arisa: O-okay...?
Hagumi: Hm, that looks quite heavy. Will you allow me to assist you?
Arisa: Uh, it's alright... This is my bag, so...
Hagumi: I see... How fleeting. Until we meet again then. Adieu!
Misaki: ... There you have it... So, yeah, see you, Ichigaya-san.
Arisa: S-sure... What the heck did I just see...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Misaki: Sigh~... Hagumi, are you gonna keep this up much longer? You're almost home.
Hagumi: Mm-hmm, it's all for becoming a proper third-year... Oh, yeah, Misaki-chan. Do you think, um, we could maybe go to the aquarium?
Misaki: Th-the aquarium? That came out of nowhere.
Hagumi: Fufu. I just feel like watching the jellyfish float around in the water.
Misaki: ... Oh. Now it's Kanon-san, huh...
Misaki: Uh... It's kinda late, so I'm not sure about going to the aquarium.
Hagumi: Then... Hmm... How about a café? I know a really nice one nearby.
Misaki: Well, I guess... Are you sure you're okay though? Isn't keeping up the act tiring?
Hagumi: N-no... I'm, like, super full of energy!
Misaki: That wasn't very Kanon-san... Besides, you don't need to pretend, Hagumi. You're already-
Kid: Wahhh~!
Misaki: Hm? Sounds like a child's crying.
Hagumi: Oh, over there...! They tripped! Oh no, we gotta go help!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Here you go. All good now~! Be more careful from now on, okay?
Kid: I will! Thank you! Bye~!
Hagumi: Phew~! I'm so happy she's smiling again... Oh no! I'm back to my usual self!
Hagumi: I need to act like a proper third-year!
Misaki: ... That's enough, don't you think?
Hagumi: Huh? What do you mean, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Instead of trying to pretend to be someone you're not, I'm saying you're fine just the way you are.
Hagumi: B-but I wanna become a proper third-year and stuff!
Misaki: ... Remember how you rushed to help that injured kid just now?
Misaki: Being able to give your all for someone else is... well...
Misaki: You looked like a dependable third-year to me.
Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: Oh... So I've always been acting like a proper third-year then!
Misaki: Now you get it...
Hagumi: Thanks, Mii-kun! I'll keep being myself and doing my best to make people smile from now on!


<International Student!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Riverside]

Hagumi: Hm-hm~♪ Rice ball~, rice ball~♪
Marina: Hey, Hagumi-chan. Wow, that's a huge rice ball you've got there.
Hagumi: Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi! I got one again because the one I had with Charirin was so yummy~!
Marina: Hm, I see... Wait, who's Charirin...? A friend of yours?
Hagumi: Yeah! She's an international student who joined our school recently! Her name's Charlotte! That's why she's Charirin!
Marina: Fufu, that's a cute nickname. Where's she from?
Hagumi: I know, right? She's from France~!
Hagumi: Oh, but what's even more amazing is that she's actually Kokoron's childhood friend!
Marina: Cool! That's quite a coincidence.
Marina: Kokoro-chan's childhood friend, though, huh...? Makes me wonder what she's like.
Hagumi: Um~, she's really nice and polite... Basically super ladylike!
Hagumi: Oh, and, and I got to hear lots of stories from her about what Kokoron was like when she was little!
Marina: Fufu, those kinds of stories are fun. You get to find out things you never knew about someone. Speaking of finding out, what was Kokoro-chan like back then?
Hagumi: When Charirin was all by herself, Kokoron became her friend, and they played together!
Hagumi: Oh, and Kokoron was always coming up with surprising ideas back then too.
Hagumi: Finding out she's always been the way she is now made me so happy!
Marina: I see. Fufu, I can just see what she must've been like~.
Marina: By the way, did the rest of you also spend time with Kokoro-chan's friend?
Hagumi: Mm-hmm! We went on a Smile Patrol with her and helped the rice ball lady~...
Hagumi: Oh! I also found out from Charirin that croquettes are from France~!
Hagumi: And, and, we also did a welcome show for her! She looked so happy~!
Marina: Huh. Maybe making friends around her age came as a big relief since she hasn't been here long. Anyway, I'm glad she enjoyed what you all did for her!
Hagumi: Me too! I never even dreamed something so happy could happen as a third-year~!
Hagumi: I feel like the future's going to keep being full of super fun stuff!
Marina: I'm so happy for you, Hagumi-chan. I hope you'll tell us about the fun you have.
Hagumi: I will! I'll try to introduce you to Charirin too! I'm sure you'll like her!
Marina: Thanks. Looking forward to it.
Hagumi: Yay! Oh, it's almost time for our Hello, Happy World! meeting! Gotta run! Bye~!
