1834_Hagumi Kitazawa_R5 Flowers, Smiles, and Fluff

<Flowers and Smiles>

Anime story


<An Armful>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Hagumi: Look, Kokoron! A new hat shop just opened!
Kokoro: Oh yeah. There are lots of hats with funny shapes! What's that shop next to it?
Hagumi: Maybe it's a knick-knack shop? Looks like they've got different kinds of stuff like books, clothes and CDs! It looks so fun with all the signs~!
Kokoro: It's gotta be a store where you can hunt for treasure! There must be some wonderful items we've never seen before!
Hagumi: I see! There's a lot of interesting shops. Where do we even start~?
Kokoro: I wanna look at all the shops too! I can't wait to see what kind of exciting things we'll find!
Hagumi: Yup! I wanna go to the movie theater and eat ice cream at a food court~! And then I wanna go to a shoe shop!
Hagumi: The spikes on the softball shoes I've been wearing are worn down! I wonder which cleats I should buy next~!
Hagumi: What do you think I should get, Kokoron?
Kokoro: Hmm. How about shoes with a jet function? Whooshing around everywhere sounds fun!
Hagumi: Whoa! That's so cool! I can get back to the home plate in a flash!
Kokoro: Oh, and what about shoes that make you fly? You can compete with the home run ball to see who can fly higher!
Hagumi: That's awesome! I wanna compete too! I hope they sell cleats like that~!
Kokoro: You can find them for sure! Going to the shops will be so exciting!
Hagumi: Yeah! And there's something else I wan-
Hagumi: ... Oh!
Schoolgirl A: Look at this choker I just got from that shop! Isn't it cute?
Schoolgirl B: It's super cute! I found a neat pinky ring there too. That shop was amazing.
Hagumi: Whoa...!
Hagumi: (Those girls' accessories were so cute~! ... But that kind of stuff doesn't suit me...)
Kokoro: Hagumi? What's wrong?
Hagumi: It's nothing. No worries! Let's go!
Kokoro: Okay! What's the shop next door?
Hagumi: Umm, it should be an accessory shop next to this knick-knack shop... Oh!
Kokoro: Wow! There's so many floral hair accessories!
Hagumi: It's a section just for floral accessories! There's lots of sparkly ones.
Kokoro: Amazing! It's a sparkly flower field with lots of flowers!
Hagumi: Mhm, they're so cute~. Kano-chan-senpai likes to wear stuff like this, huh?
Clerk: Welcome~. These items are really popular. Would you like to try them on?
Hagumi: U-umm~... I don't really wear stuff like this...
Kokoro: We wanna try out everything on this counter, please!
Clerk: Huh? Everything...? Of course. If you wish...
Hagumi: Kokoron, are you really gonna try them all out?
Kokoro: I'm not trying them out, you are! Why don't you put one on right away?
Hagumi: Huh?! Me?!
Kokoro: Let's start with this one! I'll put it on for you!
Kokoro: And this one too! This pink hair accessory is so pretty!
Hagumi: Whoa, whoa! This many?!
Kokoro: There's more! You've gotta try out this yellow one too!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: All done! Look in the mirror!
Hagumi: Wow...!
Kokoro: It looks like you're wearing a flower crown. How cute! Do you like it?
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: Ahaha, there's too many~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Oh, really? They suit you so well!
Kokoro: I could immediately tell you liked these hair accessories! You gave me the loveliest smile because you're wearing things you really like and being who you wanna be!
Hagumi: Ehehe, really...?
Hagumi: I like cool softball shoes, but I also like cute stuff like this... so I'm super happy you said that!
Hagumi: Thanks, Kokoron!
Kokoro: Mhm! You're wonderific, whether you like cool things or cute things!
Hagumi: I think I'll go ahead and buy one of these hair accessories!
Kokoro: Just one? Why not buy all of them?
Hagumi: I'll run out of allowance~. I like all the ones you picked out for me, but I'm fine with just one!
Hagumi: Hmm~, but which one? This blue hair clip is pretty, but this orange one is cute too...
Kokoro: I think you should choose the white floral hair accessory! It's cute and it really suits you, Hagumi!
Hagumi: Really? It's so frilly. Isn't it too cute for me...?
Kokoro: Nonsense! Your smile is a million times prettier than any accessory here!
Kokoro: And besides, you actually like that one, don't you? Get the one that makes you smile the most!
Hagumi: ...! Mhm! Then I'll get this white floral one!
Hagumi: Ehehe, maybe I'll shop while wearing this today~♪
Kokoro: Sounds great! I wonder what other lovely things we'll find next!
Hagumi: I can't wait too, Kokoron!
(White cut)
(Background change)
