1878_Hagumi Kitazawa_R5 Acrobatic Star

Gacha phrase: No matter what happens, don't forget to smile.

<The Softball Acting Method>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Training Hall]

Kokoro: Mmm~! So this is the human world! Look at all these buildings!
Kokoro: Oh? Is that a shop over there? There's so many people lining up. Let's take a look!
Kokoro: ... Hagumi?
Hagumi: Oh, it's my turn! Hold on!
Hagumi: Rapunzel! Don't go without me~! You said we'd go together, right?
Kokoro: Oh, I'm sorry. But look!
Hagumi: Wow! It's, umm... so different from where we're from!
Kokoro: Look, there's so many people lining up for that shop over there. Let's go together!
Hagumi: Okay!
Hagumi: Err... Huh? Where do I go again?
Kanon: Hagumi-chan, over here.
Hagumi: Oh, yeah~! Sorry, I messed up again...
Misaki: Don't worry, Hagumi. Wanna go through the staging one more time?
Kaoru: First, let us recall where you appear. You shall come from stage left.
Hagumi: Stage left...? Why did the stage leave...?
Misaki: N-no, that's not what it means... The right side of the stage from the audience's perspective is called stage left.
Kaoru: Once you appear from stage left, you stand here. Could you say your lines from this position?
Kaoru: After Kokoro utters her lines, you will look around... then walk over to this position.
Hagumi: After Kokoron's lines, look around, then move...
Hagumi: Alright~! I think I'm good! Can we practice that part again?
Kokoro: Of course! Let's start with the part when you come out then!
Hagumi: Start from stage left... Come out here...
Hagumi: Rapunzel! Don't go without me~! You said we'd go together, right?
Kokoro: Oh, I'm sorry. But look!
Hagumi: After Kokoron says her lines, I look around...
Hagumi: Wow! It's so different from where we're from!
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: Umm, is it my line next...? Or Kokoron's? Wait, whose is it...?
Hagumi: Ngh... I'm sorry, guys...
Kokoro: No worries, Hagumi! You'll get the hang of it with more practice!
Kanon: I have so much I can't do either... Let's do our best together, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Kokoron, Kano-chan-senpai... Thanks. But how can I remember everything properly...?
Misaki: Hmm, this is just what I noticed, but...
Misaki: When you try to do more than three things, you keep messing up on the fourth thing.
Hagumi: Ngh... Maybe that's all I can keep track of...
Kokoro: That's easy, then! We can just make you do three things!
Kaoru: Ah, what an excellent idea. Misaki, adjust the scene so that Hagumi shall only have to do three things.
Misaki: You call that an excellent idea...? Aren't there lots of things we need to do in this scene?
Misaki: If she only does three things, then the story won't move on at all.
Kanon: I wonder why you can only memorize that much.
Kanon: Softball rules seem complicated, but they're easy for you, right...?
Hagumi: I remember all the rules for softball!
Misaki: Hmm... Maybe you're struggling because you're not used to theater?
Kaoru: In that case, we shall use a concept she is familiar with. Something close to her heart and easy to remember.
Hagumi: How do we do that?
Kaoru: Let us experiment with the scene from before.
Kaoru: First, you shall appear from the first base. Then, after moving to the shortstop position, you may say your line.
Kaoru: Once you hear Kokoro's line, check the first and third base, then play catch with your lines in order of you, Kokoro, then back to you. Then, run towards first base.
Hagumi: That was so easy to understand...! Alright! I'll go for it!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Rapunzel! Don't go without me~! You said we'd go together, right?
Kokoro: Oh, I'm sorry. But look!
Hagumi: Wow! It's so different from where we're from!
Kokoro: Look, there's so many people lining up for that shop over there. Let's go together!
Hagumi: Okay!
Hagumi: I-I did it...! Yay! I did it, Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: Ah, what splendid acting that was!
Kokoro: That's our Hagumi! You did fantast-erific!
Misaki: If we explain things using familiar terms, they'll be easier to remember, huh...
Kaoru: It is but that. Now then, Hagumi. Why don't you continue to the next line?
Hagumi: Okay! Got it!
Hagumi: My next line is... Huh? Umm, I'm going to the shop with Rapunzel to... What was it again?
Misaki: Oh~... Hagumi's not only bad at memorizing the steps but her lines, too...
Kanon: Will it help if she uses softball terms?
Misaki: Using them in lines is a bit much...
Hagumi: Umm, umm... I-it's fine! I'll work super-duper hard!
Kokoro: Yes, that's the spirit, Hagumi! Let's do our best together!


<Making up For>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Downtown - Kitazawa Meats]

Hagumi: Welcome~! Oh, it's Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Hello, Hagumi-chan. Can we get two croquettes, please?
Hagumi: Okay~! They're freshly fried, so they're super hot and tasty!
Marina: Yay! They taste best when they're just done frying. I'll eat your hot croquette and do my best~!
Hagumi: ...? What do you have to do your best for?
Marina: Well, I actually have a meeting to go to. I'm planning a big event with another live house...
Marina: But this event is a little tough. I planned it before too, but it didn't go well at the time.
Marina: That's why I want to make sure it goes well today.
Hagumi: Whoa! I'm rooting for you! Good luck, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!
Marina: Ahaha, thank you, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Recently, I got to make up for something I couldn't do before, so I get how you guys feel~!
Marina: Oh, really? What did you do?
Hagumi: Do you remember the White Day Musical that Kaoru-kun put on when I was a first-year?
Hagumi: I was supposed to perform too, but I got injured...
Hagumi: And I was soo frustrated that I couldn't do a musical with Kaoru-kun.
Marina: Oh yeah... I remember. You're always lively, but you were so sad when that happened...
Hagumi: Yeah... But I made up for it! I performed a musical with Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: Doing a musical with Kaoru-kun... and everyone in Hello, Happy World! was so fun and I was super happy!
Marina: You did tell me at the time that you'd definitely take part if you had a chance to be in a musical again...
Hagumi: I was so happy when we decided to put on a musical!
Hagumi: But memorizing my lines was so hard~. I'm not good at remembering lots of things at once.
Hagumi: When I didn't know what to do, Kaoru-kun taught me about acting.
Hagumi: She said the most important thing isn't memorizing my lines and saying them, but putting myself in my character's shoes!
Hagumi: I started to understand how fun acting was.
Marina: Fufu, looks like you broadened your horizons a little bit.
Hagumi: Yeah, I think so too! I'm glad I finally got to be in a musical! Do your best too, you guys!
Hagumi: Anyway~... Here are your croquettes!
Marina: Thank yo- Hmm? Oh, Hagumi-chan, you gave me other things besides croquettes, you know?
Hagumi: Well~, they're on the house! Fried chicken, corn dogs, and grilled chicken!
Hagumi: If you eat these dishes that give you Kitazawa's special boost of energy, it'll go well for sure! So eat lots, okay!
Marina: Hagumi-chan... Thank you! We'll do our best to make the event happen!
