1969_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Deep Fried Smile!

Gacha phrase: Then, I'm going to announce my big operation to make Charl-rin smile!

<Giving The Present Of Energy>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Rooftop]

Hagumi: Haa〜.
Hagumi: Chari-rin and Kokoron's reconciliation didn't go well--...
Hagumi: How can we get along with Chari-rin again...?
Kasumi: Ah, Hagu, I found you! There you are~!
Hagumi: Huh? Kaa-kun and O-Tae?
Tae: You weren't in the classroom, so we looked for you.
Hagumi: What's the matter, did you need something from me?
Tae: Yes, something very important.
Kasumi: Ta-da! Look, look, look at this!
Hagumi: Is that a... coupon?
Kasumi: Yes, it's for a new curry shop in front of the station! They were handing them out this morning on the way to school~!
Hagumi: Oh, I remember now! That's the place that was under construction, right!?
Kasumi: Yeah yeah, you said you wanted to go there when it opens, right? Let's go eat there after school, the three of us!
Hagumi: Wow! Count me in!
Tae: According to my research... it seems they have croquette curry!
Hagumi: Yay! I'll definitely have the croquette curry!
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: What...? Were you two looking for me for this?
Tae: No way, that's not all.
Tae: I wanted to show you this... Here, you go.
Hagumi: Is this your smartphone? It's the same as always, it's not new, right?
Tae: It's not my phone I want to show you... here you go, please watch this video.
Hagumi: Oh, it's Oddie! Wow! So fluffy and cute~!
Tae: This is, you know, precious footage I just shot yesterday. Here, concentrate. Here's the amazing part.
Kasumi: Oh, she's clamping her ears between her paws!
Tae: She's grooming her fur. Isn't Oddie very dexterous?
Hagumi: Yeah, it kind of looks like she's washing her hair!
Tae: This is what she looks like when she grooms her ears. She doesn't often do it in full view, so it's very rare.
Hagumi: I see. That's why it's so valuable! Thank you very much! I want to see Oddie again!
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: Were you looking for me to show this?
Tae: What... no?
Tae: What should we do, Kasumi, this might not be enough.
Kasumi: Eh~! I don't have any more discount coupons~! Did I have anything else~... umm~...
Tae: Maybe a nice smelling eraser, or a bunny-patterned notepad, croquette-flavored candies, or ...... anything else?
Kasumi: I had some strawberry-flavored candies but I ate them a while ago~!
Tae: Now that it's come to this, shall we try to call Saya, Arisa, and Rimi?
Hagumi: What do you mean? Didn't you need something from me?
Kasumi: Hagu, you've been so down since this morning, so we wanted to cheer you up.
Hagumi: Eh...?
Tae: When I talked to you this morning, you were also very absent-minded.
Kasumi: Hagu, you always greet me so cheerfully in the morning, but today you were quiet when I passed you in the hallway...
Hagumi: You were worried about Hagumi...
Kasumi: We're friends! It's natural to worry about you!
Kasumi: Maybe it's hard to say, but... if there's something you're having trouble with, just let us know!
Tae: I think both Kasumi and I are good at giving advice!
Hagumi: Thank you, Kaa-kun and O-Tae...! Thanks to the two of you, I think I'm starting to feel better!
Hagumi: When I was worrying by myself, my heart was a little hazy, but now that you two have talked to me, I feel a little better!
Kasumi: Really? I'm so glad to hear that!
Tae: I'm glad you're feeling better. Oh, let us three go to the curry shop together.
Hagumi: Of course! After that, can I go to O-Tae's house and play with Oddie?
Kasumi: Oh, yes! I want to play with Oddie too!
Tae: You're more than welcome. I think Oddie will be happy too.
Kasumi: Yay!  ... Oh no, both of you! I think it's about time to start classes!
Hagumi: Oh no! Kaa-kun, O-Tae, we have to hurry!
Tae: Oh, you two wait--.


<Ups and Downs, Making Up>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Marina: Oh, look! {{userName}}-san!
Marina: There's some girl swinging a bat in the park. I wonder if there's a game coming up...she's working really hard!
Marina: ... Hmm? What's that? Looking more closely, maybe...
Hagumi: Ah! Marina-san and {{userName}}-san!!
Marina: I thought that girl sure was full of energy, it was Hagumi-chan after all.
Marina: You're practicing so hard! Is there going to be a softball game soon?
Hagumi: A game? No, there won't be any games for a while.
Marina: Oh, I see. I wondered if that was why you were swinging so hard.
Hagumi: I was swinging because I was thinking of something. When I'm swinging, I get good ideas!
Marina: Oh, I kind of understand that. When you're absorbed in something, you can suddenly come up with an idea.
Hagumi: Yeah! When I'm thinking, swinging is the best way!
Hagumi: But I haven't come up with anything yet...
Marina: Really? By the way, what are you thinking of?
Hagumi: Hmmm... Actually, Kokoron and Chari-rin are having a falling out.
Marina: Chari-rin... Oh, I think she's the one who came to study at Hanasakigawa.
Hagumi: Yes, that Chari-rin!
Hagumi: They've been friends ever since she came to Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy... But now, she and  Kokoron are not so good friends...
Hagumi: So I'm thinking of going to see Chari-rin next time! I'm trying to find a good way for the two of them to make up!
Marina: Oh, I see. You're very considerate of your friends, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: I don't want things to stay awkward.
Hagumi: I feel like it's different from the kind of awkwardness Hagumi knows.
Marina: Hmmm... Do you have any idea how it happened?
Hagumi: No, Chari-rin didn't tell me why she's been mad... Kokoron doesn't seem to know well either.
Marina: And that's why you don't know how to solve this problem.
Hagumi: ... I'll try my best, though. I don't like being awkward!
Hagumi: Even if it's awkward now, if I can figure out what she doesn't like, we can be even closer than before after we make up!
Hagumi: I want Kokoron and Chari-rin to get along better with each other, and I also want to get along better with Chari-rin!
Marina: Fufu, it's really reassuring for Kokoro-chan and Charlotte-chan to have a friend like Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Alright, I'll think about it a little more while swinging! Thanks for listening to my story!
