2089_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Joyful Cleaning!

Gacha phrase: Fishies, I’m coming to clean this side now!

<Let’s Pick a Name!>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium]

Hagumi: Ahh, that was so much fun! The dolphin show was incredible!
Kanon: Yeah, I was amazed at how perfectly in sync the dolphins and the trainers were...!
Kaoru: It truly was an amazing form of entertainment. Even as Hello, Happy World!, there’s much we could learn from those dolphins.
Misaki: We still have a bit of time before the work experience starts. What should we do now? Wanna go look around the other areas?
Kokoro: If that’s the case, I want to go watch the sea lions play!
Kanon: If there’s time, can we visit the jellyfish area too?
Misaki: Then let’s visit the closer ones first. Let’s see... the sea lions should be over here—
Hagumi: Ahh!
Misaki: Whoa!? W-what is it? You scared me...
Hagumi: Look, look~! There’s a baby spotted seal~!
Kanon: A baby...!?
Kokoro: Oh my, how adorable! Its big round eyes are so bright and shiny!
Kaoru: Yeah, such irresistible cuteness. Like a little snowball rolling around... so fleeting...
Kanon: Its fur is still pure white... it looks like a plush toy.
Misaki: Oh, there’s a sign here. Let’s see... Wow, this baby was born recently right here at this aquarium.
Misaki: Oh, they’re also taking name suggestions.
Hagumi: Eh!? We get to name the baby seal!?
Hagumi: Wow! I want to think of a name for the baby too! Hey, hey, let’s all come up with one together!
Kokoro: That’s so like you, Hagumi! What a great idea!
Misaki: I knew you’d say that. We just write the name on this paper and put it in the box over there.
Kaoru: Alright then, let’s pool our elegant and fleeting sensibilities and come up with the perfect name for this little one!
Hagumi: Hmm, what kind of name would be good...
Misaki: If we want it to actually be chosen, maybe we should think of something that sounds likely to be accepted.
Misaki: Judging from what we’ve seen so far, this aquarium seems to go with pretty straightforward names...
Kanon: That might be true. After all, we just named the penguin ‘Pen-chan’ too.
Kokoro: Same with ‘Pippi’ and ‘Kyu’—their names are based on their cries! So for this little spotted seal... how about ‘Goma-chan’?
Misaki: Not a bad idea, but I think a lot of people might think of that too. It’s a bit too obvious.
Kanon: Ah... then how about ‘Sesame-chan’? Since ‘goma’ means sesame in Japanese, and in English it’s sesame.
Misaki: That little twist makes it more unique. Good idea.
Kaoru: I, too, have thought of a noble name worthy of this shimmering pure-white one. May I share it?
Hagumi: Eh? What is it? Tell me, tell me!
Kaoru: Fufu. Then, allow me to reveal it. The name I came up with is...
Kaoru: A-Zarashino the Second!!
Hagumi: Wow, that sounds so cool~!
Misaki: Well... it definitely leaves an impression, but it might stand out a bit too much when lined up with the others...
Kokoro: Hmm... naming something really makes you think about a lot of things, huh.
Kanon: Also, one way to decide is to name them based on their personality, right?
Misaki: Ah, it says the personality here on the panel. It says this one is full of energy and very honest.
Kokoro: Oh! That sounds just like Hagumi!
Hagumi: Eh? Me?
Misaki: Ah, that’s true. Hagumi’s always full of energy and so honest too.
Kanon: Fufu, that’s true.
Hagumi: R-Really~?
Kaoru: Yeah, even that radiant smile of yours is just like this little one. I’m starting to see Hagumi in the seal itself...!
Hagumi: Ehhhh~!? That’s so embarrassing...
Hagumi: Oh! I’ve got it!
Hagumi: How about we name it ‘Hug’?
Kanon: Taking part of ‘Hagumi’-chan to make ‘Hug’?
Hagumi: Yeah! It just popped into my head!
Kokoro: I like it! It gives a warm, happy feeling!
Misaki: Yeah, and ‘hug’ also means an embrace. It’s easy to say and sounds really nice.
Kanon: Now I can’t see this little one as anything other than ‘Hug-chan’.
Kaoru: I can’t think of a more fitting name. It must have been fate that Hagumi met this little one today...!
Misaki: This just might really work out.
Hagumi: Mii-kun, can I borrow your pen? I’ll write it down!
Misaki: Here you go.
Hagumi: Thanks! ‘Hug’... there, all done!
Hagumi: Now that you have a name, I’ll come visit again! Stay healthy and grow up big and strong, okay?


<A Gift of Thanks>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Convenience Store]

Marina: Well, coffee, snacks... is there anything else I should pick up while I’m at it?
Hagumi: Mmmm...
Marina: Hm? Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: Mmmmmmm...!
Marina: Hagumi-chan, is something wrong?
Hagumi: Eh...? Oh, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Hello. You were looking very serious just now. What were you looking at?
Hagumi: I was trying to pick one of these!
Marina: Candy... comes with a bonus 'Sea Creature Figure'...? Is this some kind of new candy toy?
Hagumi: Yeah, each one comes with a random sea creature figure! There are eight in total!
Marina: Could it be that after going to the aquarium with Hello, Happy World!, you’re really into sea creatures now?
Hagumi: Eh, you knew we went to the aquarium?
Marina: Kokoro-chan and Kanon-chan told me recently. You got to do a backroom tour and even work experience, right?
Hagumi: Yeah yeah! We cleaned the tanks, cheered on Kano-chan-senpai and Kokoron during the dolphin show—it was so much fun~!
Hagumi: And you know, since it was thanks to Kano-chan-senpai that we all got to go to the aquarium, I wanted to get her a little thank-you gift...
Hagumi: And look! This candy has a moon jellyfish figure inside the bonus—the kind Kano-chan-senpai loves!
Marina: I see, that’s why you were picking so seriously. ...Ah, it has a blue tang too.
Hagumi: A blue tang?
Marina: Yeah, it’s the model for a character I like from a movie.
Marina: Now I kind of want one too. How about we both get one? If we pull each other’s favorites, we can trade!
Hagumi: Wow, really!? Thank you, Marina-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: Okay, I’ll open mine first... let’s see...
Hagumi: Ah! This blue fish... isn’t this the blue tang you wanted!?
Marina: That’s right, that’s the one!
Hagumi: Yay~!
Marina: Alright, now it’s my turn. Here goes...
Hagumi: Ah~! It’s the moon jellyfish!!
Marina: Fufu, perfect. Now we can trade.
Marina: Alright then, here you go. Hagumi-chan, this moon jellyfish is for you.
Hagumi: Yay, thank you~! Then here's your blue tang in exchange!
Hagumi: Alright, I’m going to give this to Kano-chan-senpai right away! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, bye-bye!
