2201_Hagumi Kitazawa_R4 Round-and-Round◎Thinking

Gacha phrase: Umm... ummm...?

<A Place Even More Fun Than Now!?>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa)

Hagumi: Croquette Club... I mean, Downtown Culture Research Club was so fun~!
Hagumi: Hmm, where should I go next~... Ah! This club is...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[All Things Idols Club]

Hina: Welcome to the All Things Idols Club~.
Hagumi: Hina-chan!
Hina: Ah, Hagumi-chan! You came!
Hina: So? Are you enjoying our open campus?
Hagumi: Yeah, it’s super fun! There are so many places I want to see and things I want to do, one person just isn’t enough~!
Hina: Ahaha, then we’ll need to split you in two. You joined a trial class too, right? How was it?
Hagumi: Um, let’s see~... Ah! The classroom was sooo big, I was totally surprised!
Hagumi: The blackboard was huge too, and I wondered how the teacher wrote on the top part, but then it slid down and switched with the bottom!
Hina: Uh-huh, and then?
Hagumi: Oh, and the teacher used a microphone! It felt just like a live show!
Hagumi: And, um... the class was really tough, I couldn’t follow it at all...
Hina: Ahaha, I see, I see~. Did you visit other clubs too?
Hagumi: Yep! There are sooo many clubs in college!
Hagumi: And what they do is totally different from high school clubs, just seeing them all makes me excited!
Hina: Right~? You’d never find an All Things Idols Club in high school. So, which clubs did you check out?
Hagumi: Um, first the Kick-the-Can Club, where everyone played kick-the-can.
Hagumi: And my team won the championship!
Hina: Wait, Kick-the-Can Club? Our college has that!?
Hagumi: And then, the Ramen Club! They let me taste ramen they’d aged for three days!
Hina: Ah, so that delicious smell around campus was from there!
Hagumi: The ramen was super yummy! It was soy sauce ramen!
Hagumi: Then I watched movies with the Stop-Motion Animation Club, and talked about croquettes in the Downtown Culture Research Club...
Hina: Wow, that’s amazing, Hagumi-chan. You’re checking out clubs even I didn’t know about.
Hagumi: Ehehe, there were just so many fun clubs. College is amazing!
Hina: Ahaha, I see~. So Hagumi-chan, wanna come to our college too?
Hagumi: Wow! That sounds super fun! All the clubs look awesome, and Kano-chan-senpai and Hina-chan are here too!
Hagumi: Ah, but but, after hearing Kaoru-kun’s stories, her college sounds fun too!
Hina: Yotsuba, huh~. Yeah, that one sounds fun too.
Hagumi: Yeah! And there are tons of other colleges too, so I wanna learn about lots of different ones.
Hagumi: I bet there are so many fun places I don’t know about yet!
Hina: That’s great~. I think the way you see things, Hagumi-chan, is really important too.
Hagumi: Really?
Hina: Yeah. College lasts four years, even longer than high school.
Hina: For the three years I went to Haneoka, every day was so much fun, and there were tons of things that made me boppin’♪...
Hina: But in college, you might make even more fun memories.
Hagumi: Even more than high school!? But high school already had so many fun memories!
Hina: Yeah, yeah. That’s why, like you said, it’s good to check out lots of different colleges.
Hina: It’d be a waste not to know the place where you might have the most fun.
Hagumi: The place where I can have the most fun...
Hina: So you know, Hagumi-chan, you should think about it a whole bunch too—and find the path that makes you the most boppin’♪.
Hina: And if the path you choose ever gets tough, I’ll help you out.
Hagumi: Really!? Please take care of me, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: Ahaha, leave it to me. But first, enjoy today’s open campus!
Hagumi: Okay! Then I’ll enjoy the All Things Idols Club to the fullest!


<Endless Roads to the Future!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Park]

Hagumi: Hmm... hmm...?
Marina: Oh, Hagumi-chan. Hi there, what’s up? What are you doing here?
Hagumi: Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Marina: Could it be that something’s been on your mind...? If you ever want to talk, we’ll always listen.
Hagumi: Wow, thank you! Um, you see, I was thinking about my future!
Marina: Your future?
Hagumi: Yeah! The other day, we all went to Kano-chan-senpai’s university!
Marina: Ah, I heard about that from Kanon-chan. You went to the open campus, right?
Hagumi: So, Kano-chan-senpai was our mentor and showed us all kinds of places!
Hagumi: Her university was sooo big, with sooo many people, and the classrooms were this wide!
Hagumi: And at university you can choose your own classes, plus there are tons of clubs...!
Marina: Fufu, you look like you had a lot of fun. Sounds like the open campus was a great experience for you.
Hagumi: Yeah! University was super fun!
Marina: Oh, could it be that... you were thinking about your future because of that?
Hagumi: Yeah! Kano-chan-senpai’s school was great, and Kaoru-kun’s university sounds fun too, and there are still sooo many others.
Hagumi: And not just university—there are all sorts of paths out there... So I was thinking, which one should I take?
Marina: I see. Yeah, that’s definitely something you’d worry about.
Hagumi: But you know, Kaoru-kun, Kano-chan-senpai, and Hina-chan too all told me this.
Hagumi: That I should learn about lots of paths, think carefully, and then find the one that’s mine.
Hagumi: So I decided—I’m gonna think about it a whole lot!
Marina: Yeah, yeah. The path you choose after really thinking it through will surely be the best one for you.
Hagumi: Right! Then I’ve gotta think about it even more and more!
Marina: Yes, that’s the way. Ah... but I need to get back to CiRCLE soon. Tell me about it again sometime, okay?
Hagumi: Okay! Thanks for listening! Bye-bye!!
Marina: Hagumi-chan’s future, huh... I wonder what kind of path she’ll discover. I’m looking forward to it.
