2349_Hagumi Kitazawa_R5 Cast Off Your Chains

Skill name: Take My Hand
Gacha phrase: Huh?! I'm the princess?!

<Kaoru Seta Land Tour!>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[Kaoru Seta Land]

Kanon: Okay... That should take care of the entrance, right?
Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai, nice work~! Whoa~! This entrance looks so cool!!
Kanon: Nice work to you too, Hagumi-chan. How's the rest area coming along? I'm done here, so want a hand with anything?
Hagumi: Nope, I just finished up too, so I'm good!
Hagumi: Mii-kun and the others told me it's fine for now, so I should take a break...
Kanon: But?
Hagumi: I wanna help out more for Kaoru-kun and Kaoru-kun's fans!
Kanon: Fufu, I get it. In that case, why don't we go around Kaoru Seta Land together?
Kanon: If we look at it like we're customers, we might notice something.
Hagumi: You're right! Kano-chan-senpai, let's go together!
Kanon: Yeah!
Kanon: This must be Kaoru-san's timeline corner.
Hagumi: Whoa~! It's huge! You can probably see it really well even from far away!
Kanon: Yeah. Looks like they made sure it'll be okay even if a lot of people gather.
Hagumi: There's so many pictures of Kaoru-kun~! Oh, this one's from a live show!
Kanon: She said she'd get bored if it was all just text. The fact she can be that thoughtful about the little things... that's so Kaoru-san, isn't it?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun really thinks a lot about everyone, huh. The fans are totally gonna love it!
Kanon: Yeah, they are.
Kanon: Oh, this looks like the kids' corner. It's set up so even little kids can have fun.
Hagumi: Whoa! That slide looks like a blast!
Hagumi: Hey, hey, let's try going down it too!
Kanon: Huh?! Hagumi-chan, wait up~!
Hagumi: That was fun~!
Kanon: Fufu, yeah. From the side, it just looked like a slightly long slide decorated with Kaoru-san's photos, but...
Kanon: When we actually slid down, there were tons of Kaoru-san photos inside too, and I even heard her voice... It totally surprised me.
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! And when we got to the bottom, Kaoru-kun was waiting with her arms spread wide... That surprised me too!
Kanon: Fufu, it felt like Kaoru-san caught us. I think the fans will love it too.
Kanon: Kaoru-san must've been really particular and put a lot into every little detail.
Hagumi: Yeah... Kaoru-kun's really amazing~. Thinking so much about the fans, and working so hard...
Hagumi: ...All right!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan? What's wrong?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun should be on the stage where the play's happening, right?
Kanon: Yeah. She said she wanted to get a feel for it on the actual stage...
Hagumi: Hagumi wants to help make everyone's smiles even bigger!
Hagumi: Let's go, Kano-chan-senpai!
Kanon: Yeah, you're right. Um... this way, right?
Hagumi: Waa~ Kano-chan-senpai! If you go that way, you'll end up back at the entrance!
Kanon: Ah, right... S-sorry.
Hagumi: Nope, it's totally fine! There aren't any signs or anything, so it's hard to tell.
Hagumi: Signs... ?
Hagumi: That's it! Kano-chan-senpai, that's it!
Kanon: Huh? You mean... what?
Hagumi: This place is packed with Kaoru-kun's passion for wanting everyone to have fun, right?
Hagumi: So I'm sure people'll get totally into it and play around until they lose track of time!
Kanon: Yeah. I think so too.
Hagumi: But, like, if someone's playing around and then goes, "Oh! The show's about to start!" they might rush to the theater...
Hagumi: And if they get lost on the way, they might not make it in time.
Hagumi: If that happened... I think they'd be really disappointed.
Kanon: Yeah... I don't want the people who came to feel like that.
Hagumi: So I was thinking... no matter where someone is, they can get to where they want to go without getting lost if we make some direction signs. What do you think?
Kanon: Wow...! I think that's an awesome idea!
Hagumi: Really?!
Kanon: Yeah! And I bet your kindness will come through to the fans, too.
Hagumi: Ehehe. I saw you take a wrong turn earlier, Kano-chan-senpai, and it hit me~!
Kanon: Then let's talk to the People in Black and get started making the signs.
Hagumi: Yeah! All right... I'm gonna do my best~!


<A Lovely Princess>

(Character: Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Thanks for coming shopping with me. Let's head back soon.
Marina: Huh? Isn't that Hagumi-chan over there? She's just staring at the store window...
Hagumi: Huh...? Oh, Marina-san! {{userName}}-san! Hi!
Marina: Hi. Hagumi-chan, what were you looking at just now?
Hagumi: Ah! This is...
Marina: Wow, what a cute dress! It'd look so good on you, Hagumi-chan! Did it catch your eye?
Hagumi: Nope, I was just looking! It reminded me of a costume from a play I was in before.
Marina: Wait, you were in a play?
Hagumi: Yeah, it was an event we did for Kaoru-kun's fans. It's called Kaoru Land. And Hagumi was in the play there too!
Marina: Kaoru Land...?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun made it because she wanted all the fans to have tons of smiles!
Marina: She went as far as making something like that for her fans...? Kaoru-san really is amazing.
Hagumi: Right, right?! Even during prep and on the day, she was thinking about the fans the whole time!!
Hagumi: And then, Hagumi got to be in a play where Kaoru-kun was the main character!
Marina: Fufu. I see. So what role did you play?
Hagumi: Hagumi played the princess~!
Marina: Hagumi-chan as a princess, huh... I wish we could've seen it~
Marina: It was like this dress, right? A fluffy outfit like that? I'm sure you looked adorable~
Hagumi: Ehehe, you think so...? Kaoru-kun and everyone else said I was cute, too.
Hagumi: When Kaoru-kun asked me to play the princess, I was worried the whole time about whether I could really do it.
Hagumi: I didn't know if I could act well... and I wasn't confident a princess would even suit me...
Marina: Oh... That must've been tough.
Hagumi: Yeah. But then Kaoru-kun told me, "Just try it without overthinking it, and stay true to yourself."
Hagumi: I was suuuper nervous during the show, and I messed up a tiny bit... But Kaoru-kun helped me out!
Marina: Like a prince who comes rushing in to save the princess in her time of need?
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! Kaoru-kun was totally like a prince! And then I thought... maybe I really did get to be a princess!
Marina: I'm sure it was a wonderful play. Now I wanna see it even more.
Hagumi: Ehehe... Actually, we were talking about doing Seta Kaoru Land again, so even more people can come see it!
Hagumi: So when we can hold it next time, I want you to come watch too, Marina-san~!
Marina: Yeah! Be sure to tell me. I'm really looking forward to seeing you as a princess, Hagumi-chan~
Hagumi: Hehe, it's a little embarrassing... But! For everyone's smiles, Hagu's gonna do her best!
Hagumi: All right then, Hagu's gotta get going soon!
Marina: Thanks for chatting with me. See you later, Hagumi-chan.
Hagumi: Yeah! See you later~!
Marina: ...Hagumi-chan as a princess, huh. I'm sure she was an adorable, wonderful princess.
