event291-01 Opening: interview with

Ako sits for a magazine interview. She speaks about her band—and more...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency]

Interviewer: ―After AMF, Roselia has gained even more fans. How are you feeling about that right now, Udagawa-san?
Ako: Well~, at All Music Fes, there were definitely lots of frustrating things, and things I couldn’t accept...
Ako: But, I want to be able to play in a way that blows away all those frustrating feelings!
Ako: I can’t just keep sulking forever!
Interviewer: ―I see, very much like you. So that passion is what you’ll bring to the next live as well?
Ako: Yes! I’ll give the very best performance I can right now!
Ako: If it’s with Roselia, I know we can put on an incredibly, incredibly cool live!
Interviewer: ―You really trust Roselia, then.
Interviewer: ―So, what does Roselia mean to you?
Ako: Roselia is the best band in the world!
Ako: Yukina-san is the coolest, most amazing vocalist in the world, and Lisa-nee is the most reliable, coolest bassist in the world...
Ako: Sayo-san is the coolest, most amazing guitarist in the world, and Rin-rin is the kindest, coolest keyboardist in the world!
Ako: That’s why Roselia is the coolest band in the world!
Interviewer: ―I see. Then, does that make you the world’s coolest drummer?
Ako: No, it doesn’t!
Interviewer: ―Eh?
Ako: Of course, I want to become the world’s coolest drummer, but someone else is number one...
Ako: I think I’m still number two in the world.
Interviewer: ―Then who’s number one?
Ako: My big sis!
Ako: She’s the drummer for a band called Afterglow, and her lives are really, really, super cool!
Ako: She’s the reason I started drumming, my goal...
Ako: To me, she’s the coolest drummer in the world!
Interviewer: ―I see...
Interviewer: ―Well then, the next question—
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Several Weeks Later]

Ako: Good work, everyone!
Lisa: Ah, Ako. Good work~.
Rinko: Good work, Ako-chan...
Yukina: ............
Ako: Yukina-san, what are you reading?
Ako: Ah, that magazine! That’s the one we were interviewed for, right?
Lisa: Yeah, yeah. It just arrived at the office today. Our article's near the back, but it’s in color~.
Ako: Whoa...! Um, can I see it too!?
Sayo: Then here, take mine. I’ve already finished reading.
Ako: Thank you so much! Which page is it~...
Ako: Ah, found it! Let’s see...
Ako: ............ ..................?
Ako: Huh...?
Rinko: Ako-chan, what’s wrong...?
Lisa: Did you find something strange? I didn’t notice anything...
Ako: Um, not something strange... The last question...
Ako: I said that Roselia is the best band in the world...
Rinko: T-the best in the world...
Lisa: Whoa, Ako, that’s a bold statement~ So, what about that question?
Ako: It says here I called everyone the best in the world.
Ako: Then they asked if that makes me the best drummer in the world...
Ako: I said no.
Ako: And then I talked about my big sis, so I was excited to see if that made it into print...
Sayo: Ah, I see...
Lisa: Yeah, about that~...
Ako: Did I say something wrong!? Did I make the interviewer uncomfortable...?
Sayo: If you just said you had another musician you look up to, that would be fine. But saying another musician is better than you... That wording might not have been ideal.
Sayo: Because the fans believe that it’s your playing that’s the best in the world.
Sayo: That’s why the office or the editors likely decided to cut that part.
Ako: I-I didn’t mean it in a bad way...!
Lisa: We know. Everyone knows you work hard because you look up to Tomoe.
Rinko: That’s right... Whenever you talk about Tomoe-san, you always look so happy...
Yukina: Yes, that’s who you are, Ako.
Sayo: If the interviewer heard it directly from you, I’m sure they felt the same.
Sayo: But to convey that without misunderstandings to readers who might be learning about Roselia for the first time from the article... That’s difficult...
Sayo: That’s probably why they made that decision.
Ako: ...I see...
Rinko: Ako-chan...
