event84-05 Chapter 4: The Amplitude of Growth

Yukina informs Lisa of the upcoming concert, vowing to put everything into her performance.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[The Next Day]

[Family Restaurant]

Lisa: What?! A concert with only one song?!
Yukina: Indeed. We decided to hold it next weekend at the last minute. Naturally, it'll be at CiRCLE.
Lisa: And you're... going to be taking part in it, right?
Yukina: It just turned out that way.
Lisa: I'm surprised you were able to reserve CiRCLE on such short notice.
Yukina: They happened to have a day free during the weekend. With a little convincing from Hazawa-san and the others, Marina-san allowed us to have our concert then.
Lisa: Gotcha~. And you're playing one of Marina-san's old songs... In that case, I need to be there~!
Lisa: Ah, that's right! I'll need to have someone switch shifts with me!
Lisa: I'm a pretty hard worker, so I'm sure my boss will let me~♪
Yukina: You don't have to come if you already have plans. We're only playing one song. It'll be over before you know it.
Lisa: The fact that you're only playing one song makes it all the more important! I'll be there for sure☆ I just wish I could join you guys~.
Yukina: I thought you might say that...
Lisa: Actually, now that I think about it, it's pretty rare for you to be so interested in another band's song.
Yukina: Is it?
Lisa: It looks like you're enjoying yourself too.
Yukina: I'm performing with people outside my usual band members. This is my chance to experience something new.
Lisa: You know~, doesn't this remind you of the old days~?
Yukina: Fufu, it seems like we've been reminiscing quite a lot recently.
Lisa: True~. Ahaha.
Lisa: Anyway, I'll tell a few friends about the concert! Ah, maybe I'll make a post about it online too!
Lisa: Good luck with the concert. Make sure you do your best☆
Yukina: Of course I will. I wouldn't have it any other way.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Tsugumi: Let's see, now I play this part... For the next phrase, maybe I should do this...
Maya: Hazawa-san, I got us drinks. Why don't you take a short break? You shouldn't overdo it.
Tsugumi: O-okay. Just let me play a little more. I think I've almost got it.
Tsugumi: We don't have a lot of time before our concert, and this song is so important to Marina-san. If I don't do everything I can to perfect my performance, I'd feel awful...
Maya: I-I see. Then that's fine!
Maya: I should follow your example and give it everything I've got as well!
Maya: In fact, why don't we try playing together?!
Tsugumi: Uhm, sorry you have to help me practice like this...
Maya: Not at all, I'm actually really grateful. Having you around makes practice go by much more smoothly.
Tsugumi: I'm sure Kasumi-chan and Rimi-chan are working really hard on their own, so I need to do my best as well...
Tsugumi: Besides, if I practice with someone as knowledgeable as you, Maya-senpai, I'm sure even someone like me can get it right.
Maya: Uhm, Hazawa-san... You shouldn't belittle yourself like that.
Tsugumi: Huh?
Maya: The only one here is you, the person doing their best to learn and grow every day.
Maya: So don't say things like "someone like me." If you put limits on yourself like that, you'll never change.
Tsugumi: Maya-senpai...
Maya: Ah! I'm sorry! I shouldn't be the one to talk...!
Maya: There have been times where I thought of myself the same way.
Maya: But everyone in Pastel＊Palettes taught me that I don't need to think like that.
Maya: So, really, you and I are in the same position. I'm also just trying to do my best.
Tsugumi: Maya-senpai...
Maya: Huhehe, that's enough talk for now. Let's get back to practicing!
Tsugumi: Okay!
Maya: Alright, then let's start with the bridge and go until the hook! The keyboard has a lot of back beats in this part, so be careful!
Tsugumi: Will do!
Maya: Then here we go~!
Tsugumi: ...!
