event84-02 Chapter 1: Searching for Clues

As the search for clues continues, Kasumi and Rimi seek an escape from the heat.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kasumi: Hello~!
Tsugumi: Ah, Kasumi-chan! Welcome!
Kasumi: Phew~, it's nice and cool in here~. Come on, Rimi-rin, get inside!
Rimi: It does seem especially warm out today, doesn't it? I can't believe it's still this hot this late in the day.
Tsugumi: Oh, so Rimi-chan's with you too!
Rimi: Hello... Ah, it's Yukina-senpai and Maya-san.
Kasumi: Wow, you're right! Hi there~!
Maya: Come on over! You can feel the air conditioning over here.
Kasumi: Thank you! Phew~, I'm so thirsty~. What are you gonna get, Rimi-rin? I want some lemon tea!
Rimi: U-uhm, I'll get...
Yukina: Ushigome-san, why don't you take a seat first?
Rimi: O-okay! Thank you very much!
Maya: Fufufu. You seem as energetic as ever, Toyama-san~. The whole café just brightened up when you came in.
Kasumi: Ehehe~. Still, what a surprise! I didn't expect to run into you and Yukina-senpai here! You don't come to the café all that often.
Yukina: That's not true. I stop by every once in a while.
Maya: We also had a reason for being here... I actually asked Minato-san and Hazawa-san for help.
Kasumi: Huh? Is something wrong, Maya-san? We're here to help if you need it! Isn't that right, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Yeah!
Maya: Oh, I really appreciate it! You see, this is what I need help with...
Kasumi: Hm? Isn't that a CD?
Maya: Why don't you listen to it first? I'll explain later.
(Black cut)
Maya: ... And that's what we're doing.
Kasumi: Gotcha~. Well, like you said, Maya-san, it's a really good song!
Kasumi: But this is my first time hearing it... How about you, Rimi-rin? Have you heard this song before?
Rimi: No, this is my first time as well... I'm sorry I couldn't be more helpful.
Maya: No, it's really no big deal!
Tsugumi: You know, after listening to it again, I think I understand what you and Yukina-senpai were saying before.
Tsugumi: I completely agree now. The song's feel completely switches with that change in key halfway through!
Rimi: Ah, what about the cymbals right before that? It felt like they were signaling the show to begin.
Tsugumi: A show, huh? That's another great way to put it!
Tsugumi: I wish I could come up with descriptions like that...
Maya: Don't worry about it. Music is different for everybody. There's no right or wrong way to experience it.
Tsugumi: Still, it's so amazing to see people come up with phrases like that. We're all listening to the same music, but it feels like you all get more out of it. I'm really jealous.
Tsugumi: If I could come up with words like that, maybe I could help Ran-chan more.
Yukina: My apologies, but I must be leaving. I have practice soon.
Maya: Ah, that's right! I completely lost track of time...!
Yukina: Fufu. Thank you for introducing me to such a lovely song. I hope you find some sort of clue as to its origin.
Maya: Thank you! I hope so too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Yukina: Looks like I'm just in time.
Marina: Ah, Yukina-chan, welcome. It's hot out there, isn't it~? Come in, come in. Everyone else is already here. They're in Studio B.
Marina: Fufufu. We added some new equipment to that studio. I hope you like it♪
Marina: Hmhm~♪ Hmhmhm, hmmhmm~♪
Yukina: ...?!
Yukina: Marina-san... That song...
