event84-06 Chapter 5: One Stage, One Song

A packed audience has the dressing room buzzing. Meanwhile, Marina has something to say.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[The Day of the Show]

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Maya: Well, Toyama-san? How's the audience look? Did anybody come?
Kasumi: A-actually, about that...
Kasumi: There's already a bunch of people...!
Kasumi: I just took a quick peek from the wings of the stage, so I couldn't see clearly, but it's way more people than just our other band members!
Marina: N-now you're making me nervous~.
Rimi: Is it alright for you to be away from the reception desk today, Marina-san?
Marina: Y-yeah... Another staff member is taking my place. They said it'd probably be easier for me to calm down if I'm here.
Marina: I didn't think I'd be this worried though... It must be because this is my first time seeing someone else play my songs.
Yukina: Fufu...
Marina: Huh? What is it, Yukina-chan? Did I say something funny?
Yukina: No, not at all. It just reminded me of something.
Tsugumi: Like what?
Yukina: Nothing important.
Yukina: (When Roselia first played LOUDER...)
Yukina: (Did my father feel the same way Marina-san does right now...?)
Maya: Personally, this brings me back to my days as a session musician!
Maya: Getting together with a band and giving it my all for a single song... It really gets my blood going.
Kasumi: I'm super pumped too~!
Rimi: Me too! I'm nervous as well, but I can't wait to perform!
Tsugumi: We all practiced so much, it's only natural to be excited! I know we can do it!
Yukina: That's the spirit, everyone... Now then, shall we head to th-
Marina: Uhm, wait...!
All: ...?
Marina: Thanks for enjoying my band's music so much. You're even performing it in concert...
Marina: I still can't believe this is happening.
Marina: My one regret was that we never got to play that song live.
Marina: I just felt like a song that no one's heard or remembers was a song that didn't exist.
Marina: Maybe that's why I was always humming it to myself...
Maya: I'm sure a lot more people are going to be humming it now.
Kasumi: I mean, I'm already singing it all the time. I even sang it in the bath tub last night!
Rimi: You were singing at school too. Fufufu.
Marina: I've never experienced something so amazing before... This is like a dream come true.
Marina: Sigh~... I'm so glad I got a job at a live house!
Maya: You really came up with the perfect title for this song! With this concert, your hopes and dreams will spread to all sorts of people!
Yukina: Hold on, aren't you getting a bit ahead of yourself? We haven't even started yet.
Marina: Sh-she's right. I'm just being a little sappy...
Yukina: Prepare yourselves, everyone. This performance will be our shining moment.
All: Yeah!
Yukina: (A song that no one's heard or remembers. A song that doesn't exist...)
Yukina: (I wonder if... that's how father felt about "LOUDER.")
Yukina: (Perhaps the reason I find this song so captivating...)
Yukina: (Is because its story... reminds me of "LOUDER.")
