event84-03 Chapter 2: Marina-san's Memories

The maker of the track is Marina, and the facts surrounding it are revealed.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Maya: What a shock... I can't believe the song on this CD was made by you, Marina-san...
Marina: I-I was a bit surprised too... I never thought you'd have a copy...
Maya: Huhehe, I really lucked out at the flea market this time! I got a great CD player and even found one of your songs.
Tsugumi: By the way, Yukina-senpai, how did you know this song was Marina-san's?
Yukina: When I came here for practice yesterday, Marina-san was humming the song's phrase.
Marina: We got some new equipment yesterday, so I was excited and it just slipped out...
Kasumi: I've wanted to hear one of your songs for a long time now, so I'm really glad I got the chance!
Rimi: Me too! It's just like I-... No, it's even better than I imagined. I was so moved!
Marina: That's great to hear and all, but it's also a little embarrassing...
Tsugumi: Why?
Marina: I mean, we wrote that song so long ago. I never expected you guys to ever hear it.
Yukina: You must still enjoy the song though. You wouldn't hum it otherwise.
Marina: Y-yeah. Well... It holds a lot of memories for me.
Maya: U-uhm... I don't mean to pry, but... Could you tell us more about those memories?
Maya: I'd like to know what kind of circumstances could create such an amazing song! Something wonderful must have happened~.
Kasumi: I wanna know too! I still remember the story you told us during one of our events here at CiRCLE!
Rimi: Same here. I'd love to hear more about the band you were in.
Marina: Hmmm...
Yukina: If you don't want to talk about it, you don't have to. We understand that some memories are so precious that you want to keep them to yourself.
Marina: Fufu, thank you, Yukina-chan. However...
Marina: I do want to tell you my story.
Marina: But this isn't a good place. Talking about it here would just bother the other customers... Studio A is open right now, so why don't we go there? I'll put us down on the list.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Marina: Let's see... Where do I start...?
Marina: I've told you all that I was part of a five-girl band like you guys, right? We were aiming to go pro...
Maya: Yes, we know that part.
Marina: Well, you see, we wrote that song after we decided to break up.
Tsugumi: Huh...? Really...?!
Marina: Yeah. Since we were going to be parting ways shortly, we decided to write one last song together.
Marina: Then, as a way to thank all the people who supported us, we handed that CD out to all of our friends and fans.
Marina: Eventually somewhere down the line it made its way to you, Maya-chan. Fufu, what are the odds~?
Maya: I see... I had no idea this CD was so important...
Marina: We never ended up playing that song in concert... But it still holds a lot of memories for us...
Yukina: That must be where the slight sadness comes from.
Marina: I guess that's to be expected though, isn't it? We were breaking up after all...
Kasumi: M-Marina-san, I'm sorry! I had no idea this song was filled with so many sad memories. I didn't mean t-
Marina: No, that's not it at all. I had a lot of fun making this song. Even if we were in the middle of breaking up.
Marina: I wouldn't hum it when I'm happy otherwise.
Tsugumi: Huh...? What do you mean? How could breaking up be fun...?
Marina: Hmm~, how should I put this...? I think I've told Kasumi-chan and the other members of Poppin'Party, but right before we broke up, we weren't really having fun anymore.
Marina: Even when we were in the dressing room together, we hardly talked to each other. We all felt this weird distance between us...
Marina: But as soon as we decided to call it quits, it felt like this weight had been lifted from all of our shoulders.
Marina: It was almost a relief to know we didn't have to try to go pro anymore.
Kasumi: A relief...?
Marina: Yeah. I suppose that's just how tired we were.
Maya: I-I see... I think I understand...
Maya: If you keep running forward at full speed, it's only natural that you'll eventually wear yourself out...
Marina: Exactly! This is the song we made during that time. It almost felt the same as the first time we made a song together. We were just enjoying music. Nothing else.
Marina: Things had been so awkward between us, but while we were making this song, we smiled and laughed together for the first time in a while. It was so much fun~.
Yukina: That explains the cymbal and change in key... You really were stepping into a whole new world.
Marina: Yeah, exactly. Nothing gets past you, Yukina-chan~. We all wanted to carry this song with us into the next chapter of our lives.
All: ...
Marina: S-sorry~. There's no need to look so sad.
Maya: Th-that's quite the story... Thank you for telling it to us...!
Marina: No way, I'm the one who should be thanking you guys! I got to look back on all the feelings I had when my band made that song together. Thank you.
Maya: Uhm, I've been meaning to ask... What's the name of this song?
Marina: Let's see, the name was...
Marina: "HOPE."
