event84-01 Opening: Unnamed Song of Fame

Maya is ecstatic to have come across a CD player for cheap. When she opens it, however...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Yamato Residence - Maya's Room]

Maya: Huhehe... I still can't believe I found such a great deal... Flea markets are the best~.
Maya: I'm fairly certain this CD player was made twenty-five years ago. Depending on the shop, it could go for a really high price.
Maya: It may seem like junk to some, but from what I can tell, it's in good condition. All I need to do is mess with the wiring a little... Uhm, just take off this cover and-
Maya: Hm...? What's this...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 3-B]

Maya: Hmm... Yeah, the rift after the hook really is nice~. It's so catchy, yet the whole thing feels so honest. What a great song~.
Maya: And whoever played this cymbal part is really skilled~. It almost feels like the song's world opens up in an instant~.
Tsugumi: Ah, Maya-senpai, you're still here. The school will be closing soon, so please get ready to leave.
Maya: Oh, Hazawa-san. Sorry about tha- Wait, is it that late already?
Tsugumi: The teachers have a meeting today, so we're closing the school early.
Maya: Ah, that's right, they said so during homeroom, didn't they? Sorry! I'll get ready to leave right away!
Tsugumi: By the way, were you just listening to music? You were playing the air drums. Fufufu.
Maya: Huh? You saw that? How embarrassing...
Tsugumi: It's not embarrassing at all! It looked like you were having a lot of fun.
Tsugumi: Who were you listening to? It must be a good song if you're getting so into it.
Maya: Ah, well... Actually, I don't know the artist.
Tsugumi: Huh? What do you mean?
Maya: Well, you see...
(Black cut)
Maya: ... And that's what happened.
Tsugumi: I see... So you bought a CD player at a flea market, and this CD just happened to be inside.
Maya: Yes, exactly. And since there's nothing written on the CD, I don't think it's something available in stores.
Maya: This song is so good though. I spent the whole day listening to it instead of working on that CD player.
Maya: I'd love to listen to more of this band's music, but I don't even know the title of the song, much less the name of the band...
Tsugumi: It has to be a good song if you're this into it, Maya-senpai!
Maya: It really is! Would you like to listen to it?!
Tsugumi: Fufufu, I'd love to, but I need to patrol the school first...
Maya: Ah, that's right! I'm sorry, I got a little carried away...
Tsugumi: I'm actually really curious though. Could I listen to it afterwards?
Maya: Of course! If I want to hear more of this band's music, I need to find out who they are first! Maybe if you listen to it, you might be able to give me a clue!
Yukina: May I also listen to that song?
Tsugumi: Huh?! Yukina-senpai?!
Maya: I didn't know you were still here, Minato-san.
Yukina: I was composing a new song when I heard a commotion from the next classroom over.
Maya: Ah~, I'm sorry... I must have been pretty loud...
Yukina: Thanks to that, I overheard a very interesting story. It must be quite the song to excite you that much. I'd like to listen to it myself.
Maya: By all means! I'd love to hear what you think of this song!
Maya: What's more, you might actually know the artist!
Tsugumi: Alright, then why don't we go to my family's café after this? We can listen to the CD there.
Maya: Oh, that sounds good to me!
Yukina: That works for me as well. I still have time before practice.
Tsugumi: Okay. I just need to patrol a few more places. I'll be back soon!
Maya: Sounds good!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Maya: ... That's the end of the song. What do you think...?
Tsugumi: I-it really is an amazing song... It's almost like... the entire song has a story... Hmm... It's hard to explain, but that's how I felt!
Maya: I think I know what you mean! It's such an upbeat song, but there are little portions of sadness mixed in~!
Yukina: The cymbals and change in key halfway through completely change the feel of the song. It was almost like an entirely new world appeared right before our eyes.
Maya: Huhehe. I knew you'd notice that, Minato-san! I was thinking the same thing!
Tsugumi: You're right, that's the perfect way to describe that section!
Maya: But judging from your reactions... I'm guessing you two haven't heard this song before either... Hmm, I was hoping to find some sort of clue...
Maya: Hmm... There has to be something...
