event84-07 Ending: On a Surge of Hope

Marina expresses her gratitude as Maya and the others promise to perform again.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[After the Show]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Alright, that should do it for cleanup. Sorry to make you guys pick up after a concert.
Maya: Not at all. This was our concert, it's only natural that we help clean!
Yukina: You don't need to feel responsible for us. We're the ones who decided to hold this show after all.
Marina: Y-yeah, I know but... Still, let me say this again.
Marina: Thank you so much for today. This concert may have only had one song, but it brought back so many memories for me.
Marina: I'll always cherish the time I had with my band, good and bad.
Marina: This just helped me remember how amazing music can be... Fufufu, I guess you could say I'm extra motivated for my job tomorrow!
Tsugumi: ...
Kasumi: Hm? Is something wrong, Tsugu?
Tsugumi: U-uhm... Could I say a few words too...?
Tsugumi: I'm really glad I got to perform with you all... So now that I know it's over, I'm just a little sad.
Tsugumi: Maya-senpai, Yukina-senpai, Kasumi-chan and Rimi-chan... You all see music in such different ways. Just listening to you guys taught me a lot!
Tsugumi: This performance has made me want to learn even more about music! Thank you very much for this opportunity!
Maya: I agree with Hazawa-san, it's been a very educational experience. I was actually really surprised by what Minato-san pointed out when we first played this song.
Maya: Uhm... This really was a great opportunity, so if you guys don't mind, why don't we have another jam session some time?
Tsugumi: ... Huh? I-I'd love to!
Rimi: Me too!
Kasumi: That's a great idea! We should totally do it! Ah, if you're free, Marina-san, you should join us too!
Marina: Huh? Me? Well... I'll think about it.
Maya: What about you, Minato-san?
Yukina: Fufufu, it's not a bad idea. Taking on new experiences every once in a while certainly wouldn't hurt. After all, I made some new discoveries of my own this time around.
Tsugumi: Discoveries? Like what? Tell us, please!
Yukina: It's nothing worth mentio-
Yukina: Hm? Those people over there, are they...?
Maya: What's wrong?
Yukina: Never mind. Now then, shall we get going? ... Marina-san, I believe you have some guests.
Marina: Huh? Me?
???: Hey, Marina. Long time no see.
Marina: ... Huh? Guys... What are you doing here?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Maya: It sounds like those people from before were Marina-san's old bandmates!
Kasumi: When I went to grab our stuff, it looked like they were having a blast talking about the old days! Isn't that right, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: I also heard them say they found out about the concert online.
Rimi: It seems like they keep up with CiRCLE events, since they know Marina-san works here.
Tsugumi: So that's it... I'm really happy they came to our concert.
Kasumi: Ah! What if Marina-san forms a band again?!
Maya: Huhehe, I don't know if that'll happen, but the bond they formed playing music really is something, isn't it?!
Yukina: Alright, I'll be leaving now.
Maya: Ah, but we don't get a chance like this every day. Why don't we take the opportunity to reflect on our performance?
Yukina: What do you mean?
Maya: I'd love to hear what you thought of today's concert.
Kasumi: Me too! What did you think of my guitar, Yukina-senpai?!
Rimi: Wh-what about my bass?! Is there anything you noticed? Please don't hold back.
Tsugumi: Ah, in that case, why don't we go to my family's café? We can talk there.
Maya: Oh~! That sounds great! I'd love to!
Maya: Come on, Minato-san! Don't you have a lot to say about our performance?
Yukina: ...
Yukina: I suppose I have no choice...
Yukina: Alright, but I won't hold back. Understood?
Kasumi, Rimi & Tsugumi: Yes!
Yukina: I'll start with the guitar then. You were a little late at the beginning of the intro. If you don't fix that, the audience's emotions may...
Maya: L-looks like this might take a while... Huhehe...
(Black cut)
