event84-04 Chapter 3: Let this Melody Live Again

The track is titled HOPE. Those who learn the name feel a stronger sense of love toward it.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Rimi Ushigome, Tsugumi Hazawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato)

[Studio]

Maya: "HOPE..."
Kasumi: What a great name! It's perfect for this song! Isn't it, Rimi-rin?!
Rimi: Yeah! Now that we know the title, I feel like I'll be able to connect with the song even more.
Tsugumi: This song is just so lovely to me. It's not just a great song, but its existence is so... uhm, lovely...
Tsugumi: Oooh~, I'm sorry. I still can't put it into words.
Maya: Don't worry about it. I know exactly what you're talking about!
Maya: Besides, you don't always have to put your emotions into words. In fact, one of the best things about music is that it allows you to express what you're feeling without them!
Yukina: That's what it was like the first time I heard "LOUDER." I felt something I couldn't put into words.
Yukina: When I think about it now, it was probably the fact that I couldn't describe it that made that feeling all the more powerful...
Tsugumi: I suppose that's one way to look at it... Marina-san, I'm not sure how to put it, but... I absolutely love this song!
Marina: Thanks, you guys. I'm sure this song is just as happy as me to hear you all talk about it like this.
Marina: Well... Fufu. I guess I'm still the happiest though.
Maya: I especially like the rift after the hook~. Those drums are just so good~.
Tsugumi: Ah, Maya-senpai's air drumming again.
Maya: Th-there I go again... Every time I hear a great rhythm, I can't help it. I just want to beat my imaginary drums...
Yukina: Then why don't you beat some actual drums? There's a drum set over there.
Maya: Th-that's true... Marina-san, may I please play this song?
Marina: Fufu, go right ahead! I'd love to hear your drums anyway.
Kasumi: Me too! ... Actually, can I play the guitar along with you?! Come on, Rimi-rin, you can play the bass!
Rimi: I'm not sure I'll be able to do it justice, but I definitely want to try! Tsugumi-chan, would you like t-... Ah!
Kasumi: Hm? What's up, Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Maya-san plays the drums, and you play the guitar. Then you have me playing the bass and Tsugumi-chan on keyboard... If we add Yukina-senpai...
Kasumi: We have our vocals!
Tsugumi: Looks like we have all the parts we need.
Maya: Oho~, now that you mention it, we do! This doesn't happen every day... So why don't we play together?!
Yukina: Fufu, I suppose performing like this every once in a while can't hurt. However, before that, Yamato-san...
Yukina: Could we listen to the song one more time? That way we can focus on the parts we need to play.
Maya: Sure! Good idea!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hour Later]

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Kasumi: Sigh~, that was so much fun~! I'm so happy I got to perform with you guys. It's like a dream come true!
Rimi: I was a little nervous at first. By the end though, I was really enjoying myself.
Tsugumi: When we were playing, it almost felt like I could see Marina-san and her band making this song!
Maya: Thanks for the amazing jam session, everybody! I know we usually play in different bands, but I really felt in sync with you guys!
Yukina: Are you sure? I did notice one thing.
Maya: Huh...? What was it?
Yukina: Your drums, Yamato-san.
Maya: Huh?!
Yukina: It seems you were trying too hard to match the drums from the CD. If you had played normally, I would have expected more rim shots.
Maya: Ah... So you noticed... I was just trying to make it sound like the original song...
Yukina: Weren't you the one who said there is no right or wrong way to experience music? Were you excluding yourself from that statement?
Maya: I-I did say that, didn't I...?
Yukina: I understand session musicians usually try to match their sound to the band they're playing with, but that's not what we're doing here. I wanted to hear your own sound.
Maya: Ooo... I'll be more careful next time...
Tsugumi: U-uhm... This is just a thought, but...
Maya: What is it?
Tsugumi: It'd be such a waste to not play such a wonderful song again! I want more people to hear it!
Tsugumi: Would that be alright with you, Marina-san?!
Marina: Huh...? I-I appreciate the gesture, but... How do you plan on-
Yukina: Isn't it obvious?
Marina: Huh...? Yukina-chan?
Yukina: We're all band members, and this is a live house.
Yukina: There can be only one answer.
