1809_Anon Chihaya_R1 Center of the Band

<Self-introduction>

(Character: Anon Chihaya)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Anon: I'm Anon Chihaya! I'm in a band called MyGO!!!!!
Anon: Please feel free to call me Anon if you like♪
Anon: I play the guitar. I'm still practicing, but I'm doing my best!
Anon: I'm also in charge of the band's social media. I'll be posting lots of pictures and videos, so please follow us!
Anon: I also design costumes for the band. The brand name is "ANON TOKYO"!
Anon: I hope you'll take special note of it at the live show!
Anon: ... Ah, yes. I forgot something important! To be honest, I'm also the founder of MyGO!!!!!
Anon: In other words, I'm practically the central figure of the band. By the way, I'm also the one who came up with the name---
Taki: That's enough. It's time to close it up.
Anon: Oh, already? That's no fun...
Anon: Once again, I'm Anon Chihaya, guitarist for MyGO!!!!!. Bye bye!


<Celebrity in the Future>

(Character: Anon Chihaya)

[Shopping Mall]

Anon: Oh, {{userName}}-san! Hello!
Anon: Are you shopping today? ... I see, good job!
Anon: Oh, I'm meeting up with Tomorin.
Anon: I found a nice knick-knack shop, and I was wondering if the two of us could go there together.
Anon: When I took a peek at it the other day, I saw something I thought Tomorin would like.
Anon: It was an adhesive bandage with animals printed on it. She seems to be collecting things like those.
Anon: Sometimes she gives them to me as gifts. Last time it was... An erect-crested penguin, I think?
Anon: Maybe it was because I said I liked penguins...
Anon: I cut my fingertips a lot when I practice guitar, so I'm thankful to have them!
Anon: ... My fingertips? Oh, I'm fine now!
Anon: But at first, it would sting in the bath, and was really painful...
Anon: I guess that's when I learned it's very hard to do something seriously.
Anon: There are no shortcuts to getting good at it, and if anything, I keep taking detours.
Anon: But this time, I'm going to give it my best shot.
Anon: ... Ah. Don't I sound pretty cool now...? Like the hidden agony of an artist... or something like that!
Anon: Someday, when MyGO!!!!! becomes super famous, I bet I could use that in a documentary!
Anon: {{userName}}-san too, if you get an interview, you can use what I just said!
Anon: Oh, I see Tomorin is here! I'll be making a move first then.
Anon: See you again at RiNG!
