1814_Anon Chihaya_R2 Let's Start a Lifetime

<Tips for Editorial>

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Anon: Yep yep, you start with the conclusion first. And then the reasons...
Tomori: Conclusion first. Okay...
Taki: Tomori, what are you doing? Is Anon lecturing you?
Anon: Who do you think I am? I was just trying to help Tomorin〜
Soyo: Is something wrong?
Anon: We had to write an essay for homework. Tomorin had to resubmit hers.
Anon: I corrected it for her.
Taki: ... Why you?
Anon: Oh, you don't know, do you Rikki? I'm good at writing essays. I got high marks this time, too.
Tomori: Ano-chan got praised this time too.
Taki: Hmmm...
Anon: If you think I'm lying, why don't you take a look at my assignment? I mean, look! The one that my teacher praised me so much for!
Soyo: There's still some time before our studio booking.
Taki: I don't want you to teach Tomori something weird. Give it to me.
Soyo: What is the theme of this assignment?
Anon: It was an assignment to write an essay on a theme that the teacher had chosen! This time, the theme was "Environmental Issues".
Anon: There are many different types of environmental issues, right? I did mine by writing an essay on a cosmetic packaging, a topic that I am familiar with.
Anon: No matter how big the theme is, if you think of something familiar to you as a subject, it's unexpectedly easy to write an essay.
Anon: All you need to do is to apply the structure of the editorial properly.
Taki: .......
Soyo: You certainly wrote your conclusion and its reasons properly. The examples about cosmetics packaging are also easy to understand.
Taki: But that's all. Nothing interesting.
Anon: Huh~! Who expects anything interesting in an editorial essay!
Soyo: It's well-structured and easy to read, but seems a little dry and monotonous.
Taki: If you ask me if I would be interested in environmental issues after reading this editorial essay, I don't think so.
Anon: Sigh~ I don't think either of you understand. The most important thing for an editorial essay is to be well-structured and easy to understand.
Soyo: So, what kind of essay did you write, Tomori-chan?
Taki: True, I'd like to see Tomori's essay.
Tomori: I don't have much... to show you...
Soyo: Will you show it to us? Thank you.
Taki: .......
Tomori: .......
Soyo: ... It's very much like you to write something like this, Tomori-chan.
Taki: Warm and gentle... I like your style of writing.
Tomori: Taki-chan...
Soyo: But it certainly wouldn't be an editorial composition.
Taki: But I can really feel how Tomori feels in this writing.
Taki: It's similar to the lyrics you write.
Tomori: But I need to fix this... and resubmit it...
Taki: I think it's interesting enough as it is though.
Soyo: I still think this writing is hard to evaluate as an editorial essay.
Anon: Hey, you should read my editorial essay more thoroughly. Is it that boring?
Anon: Hmmm... Maybe my writing really is that boring.
Anon: But I did get high marks for this, so I don't think it's wrong.
Tomori: Ano-chan, umm...
Anon: Mmmm... I could certainly have made the phrasing here a bit more appealing. But then, I mean, it's hard to call it an editorial essay... Hmmm?
Tomori: Editorial essay...
Anon: To begin with, the theme of environmental issues is a stiff one. Even if you say my writing style is monotonous~...
Tomori: Ano-chan~...!


<Aim for Advanced Level>

(Character: Anon Chihaya)

[Edogawa Music Store]

Anon: Hmmm, is this book easier to understand? Let's see, the reviews here say...
Anon: Oh, {{userName}}-san! Hello.
Anon: I was just looking for a good guitar instruction book. I've been marking some down on the internet, but...
Anon: I'm at a loss once I actually got to the store, since there are so many different ones!
Anon: I've already mastered the beginner's lesson book I bought before, so I'll buy a higher level one this time.
Anon: Isn't it great? Ehehehe~, isn't it? I worked so hard on it.
Anon: Please pay attention to my efforts at the live show!
Anon: If it had been the me before, I probably wouldn't have even finished the first lesson book I bought. I would have just thrown it away thinking I could play without finishing it.
Anon: Now, I'll run through it properly, and then move on to the next step... I guess that's what it means to really work hard!
Anon: Why could I accomplish it? Hmmm, well...
Anon: When MyGO!!!!! first started, there were times when I almost ran away from it all. Well... I did end up actually running away.
Anon: But even in those times, I was trying to move forward, I told myself that it was not the end.
Anon: It's okay if I'm not going straight ahead. It's okay to be lost.
Anon: ... Eh, wasn't I cool just now?
Anon: I wish Rikki and the others could have seen me. I was cool, wasn't I? Ehehehe.
Anon: So, I will definitely master the new lesson book! You can count on it!
Anon: I'm currently interested in this lesson book! It seems to have good reviews, so I thought I'd go with it... Ah.
Anon: This one... says it's for advanced students...  Wait, maybe I can still pull it off? Maybe it might actually be good...
Anon: ... But I think I'll go with this one.  "For those who have mastered the basics! Intermediate Guitar Instruction Book".
Anon: Yeah, I'll take this one. I'll go buy it then!
