1824_Anon Chihaya_R5 While We're Lost

Gacha phrase: Well, then~ Shall we move forward together? Even while we're lost.

<The Make-up of the Lost>

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Anon: Whew~ Having tea before practice is actually really important, isn't it?
Taki: Rather than doing this, I'd like to go to practice immediately.
Anon: Alright now, no need to rush through life so much. Right, Tomorin?
Tomori: I like both practice and tea...
Anon: See?
Taki: You... Don't use Tomori as a shield.
Anon: Besides, since we're all here, I wanted to talk to you about something.
Tomori: Uh...
Soyo: Is this about the... band's activities?
Anon: Well, I guess so. Super important talk about being in a band!
Rana: ... Slurp.
Taki: If you have a topic like that, say so earlier.  Stray Cat, this is no time to be carefreely eating parfaits.
Tomori: Ano-chan. Tell us.
Anon: Yes. You know, everyone...
Taki: ......
Anon: Can't we do better like, makeup and stuff?
Taki: ... What?
Soyo: That's what you wanted to talk about?
Taki: Sigh... What a waste of our time.
Anon: No, no, no, it's an important topic! We got a really cute outfit, but we need to work on the makeup to go with it!
Anon: If we want more people to notice us, I think it's important to look good on stage.
Soyo: If we're going to spend time on that, I'd rather we practice more.
Taki: I'm not in this band to get compliments on my appearance.
Anon: That's true, but!
Taki: Tomori, you don't need to listen to Anon so seriously. Let's go practice. And eat your parfait quickly, Stray Cat.
Tomori: I want to listen. If that's what Ano-chan has been thinking about, I'd like to hear it...
Anon: Tomorin~! You're the only one who gets it~ Yeah, yeah, Tomorin is the best!
Anon: So, let's get to the recommended cosmetics, Nyamuchi made a video of her latest cosmetic recommendations, which you can watch for your reference...
Taki: Nyamuchi? Who is that? Is that a name?
Anon: What, you don't even know Nyamuchi!?
Soyo: She's the girl who often posts makeup videos. My classmate said she was into it and showed it to me.
Anon: As expected of Soyorin. She's been really popular these days. You should remember that, Rikki.
Taki: Tch...
Anon: She clicked her tongue! How scary!
Tomori: What kind of cosmetics do you recommend?...
Anon: I'd start with the base. The one from this manufacturer. It's a cheap price, but it doesn't fall apart easily, and it's waterproof. It can also be used to tone up the skin!
Anon: Next is mascara! This is also waterproof, so it seriously won't come off even with sweat or anything! But it can be removed with hot water, so it looks easy to use.
Anon: And then there's this fixing mist! If you put this on your face after putting on makeup, it makes a big difference in the resistance to breakdown!
Anon: As someone who performs on stage, it's important to keep your makeup from falling off. It's so hot on stage that you get sweaty.
Anon: I've been wondering about this fix mist myself. I heard it's recommended by Nyamuchi, so maybe I'm a good judge!
Taki: ... Stop.
Anon: What? What's wrong?
Soyo: Look at Tomori-chan's face.
Tomori: Water... inexpensive, tone up...
Tomori: Ano-chan. I want to hear the explanation one more time... I got lost halfway through...
Taki: Don't get Tomori confused.
Anon: Tomorin, I'm sorry. It must be difficult to understand all that out of the blue. Then, let's go shopping together next time!
Taki: Again, rather than worrying about that, just practice!
Taki: If your performance is lousy, no matter how much care you take with your appearance, you're just going to look lame.
Soyo: It's about time for our studio booking, so let's go.
Anon: Oh, it's that time already?
Tomori: Anon-chan, sorry... Tell me again later... about cosmetics.
Taki: That's enough, Tomori. Let's go. We have a lot to practice today.
Anon: Oh, wait a minute!
Taki: Come on, Stray Cat, quick.
Rana: ... I'll be over in a bit.
Anon: Hey, hey, Rana-chan, are you interested in makeup? I'm sure you'd look cute with makeup!
Rana: Whew. That was delicious.
Anon: Sigh~... None of you get it at all~!


<Am I the Leader After All?>

(Character: Anon Chihaya)

[RiNG Entrance]

Anon: Hmm, maybe this design would be better after all? This one looks like Rikki would complain about it...
Ririko: Anon-chan?
Anon: Maybe not~ I wonder if they'll forgive me if it's this one...
Ririko: Anon-chan? What's wrong with you, staring at your phone?
Anon: Wah! Ah... Ririko-san and {{userName}}-san! Please listen to me~!
Ririko: Fufu, what's wrong?
Anon: I want to make our costumes gorgeous and celebrity-like this time, but Rikki and Soyorin shot down all my design ideas.
Anon: I was looking for a design that they would be okay with. What do you think about something like this?
Ririko: Let's see...? Wow, the back is so bold and open, it's really nice!
Anon: Right!? I think I'd look great in this type of dress.
Ririko: This kind of design is great, but I also really like the outfits you all wore at the live show.
Ririko: It was casual, but it was very cool and unique.
Anon: Ehehehe, thank you very much! I designed that one myself.
Anon: At first, I was told that it was unnecessary, or that it was impossible when I proposed the design.
Anon: But I thought it would be better to have a costume! That was one thing I couldn't compromise on.
Anon: The production period was very short, and it was a lot of work. But we talked with everyone and managed to complete the costume.
Anon: Afterglow even praised our costumes on the day of the show, so I'm really glad we made it!
Ririko: Yes, it really was perfect, I think it left a strong impression on everyone.
Ririko: I think it was Anon-chan's policy of not compromising that made it a great costume.
Anon: Yes, yes, that's right! There are so many points of particularity in the costumes.
Ririko: I hope you will continue to pursue your ideals with a firm policy.
Ririko: As a result, you're pulling everyone at MyGO!!!!!
Anon: I am leading MyGO!!!!!...
Anon: Well, yes...? I suppose I'm kind of a leader.
Anon: If everyone likes the costume design from last time, I'll try this for my next outfit too...
Anon: I'll do the international celebrity type next time!
Ririko: Fufu...! Anon-chan, I'm looking forward to it!
Anon: Yes, leave it to me! I'll make a nice outfit!
Anon: ... Of course, a good performance, too!
