2151_Anon Chihaya_R5 Morning Yawn Time

Gacha phrase: Yawn~... so sleepy...

<Ideal Morning Routine Pt. 1>

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[RiNG - Studio]

Anon: Practice is over for today~! Time to head out for my morning routine shopping!
Tomori: Morning routine...?
Anon: Good question, Tomorin! Starting tomorrow, I’m planning to eat lots of fresh fruit as part of my morning routine! So today, I’ve gotta stock up on everything I need~.
Tomori: I see... g-good luck, Ano-chan.
Taki: Let me guess, some influencer inspired you.
Soyo: Or maybe it's just for the sake of getting cute pics for social media.
Anon: Jeez~, why do you two always have to be so snarky~? I’ve already made up my mind, no matter what anyone says!
Taki: Yeah, yeah. Do whatever you want. Doesn’t involve me.
Anon: I really think the start of your day hinges on the morning.
Anon: You know how they say, “A good beginning makes a good ending”?
Anon: So I’m going to treasure my mornings and make my whole day feel more fulfilling! Sounds good, right?
Tomori: Y-yeah...
Anon: I’m so happy you get it, Tomorin~.
Anon: Plus, fruit is super good for you! First off, getting vitamins boosts your metabolism!
Anon: ...Um, and there's a detox effect too!
Soyo: Anyone would know that much without needing you to tell them that.
Rana: I do morning routines too.
Anon: Wait, really?
Rana: Mm.
Anon: No way... Rana-chan beat me to it...?
Anon: So? What kind of morning routine do you do?
Taki: Isn’t it obvious?
Rana: Guitar.
Taki: Thought so.
Soyo: That’s so like you, Rana-chan.
Taki: Anyway, why don’t you take a cue from that stray cat and practice your guitar or something? It’s a lot more useful than just eating fruit, don’t you think?
Soyo: Yeah, yeah. If you practiced guitar every morning, you might actually improve fast.
Rana: Wanna do it together?
Anon: No way!
Anon: I've already decided—I'm going to eat lots of fruit~.
Soyo: Why are you so obsessed with fruit anyway?
Taki: Bet you saw some influencer talking about it in a video. Everything you’ve said sounds totally secondhand.
Anon: Ugh...
Soyo: Knew it... just as I thought.
Anon: A-anyway! My morning routine is set in stone!
Tomori: You got this, Ano-chan...!
Anon: Tomorin, you're the only one who's nice to me~.
Soyo: Still think guitar practice would be more productive.
Taki: Totally. You’re always skipping practice anyway.
Rana: Wanna do it together?
Anon: I said no already~!
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

Soyo: By the way, Anon-chan. Are you still keeping up with your morning routine?
Anon: Huh? I already quit.
Anon: Didn’t get much attention on social media, and eating fruit every day got kinda annoying...
Taki: Knew it.
Rana: Then wanna play guitar?
Anon: Nah, no guitar for me! I’m looking for a way easier kind of morning activity~!
Tomori: What are you doing next...?
Anon: Haven’t decided yet! I’m still looking through my options.
Taki: Tomori, don’t bother humoring her. She’ll just give up again.
Anon: That’s not true!
Soyo: Do what you want with your morning routine, just don’t let it distract you too much.
Anon: Hmm, what should I try next~... Oh, this one looks good!
Soyo: Not listening...


<Ideal Morning Routine Pt. 2>

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Chihaya Residence - Anon's Room]

Anon: Yawn~... so sleepy...
Anon: ...... Huh? Why am I up so early again?
Anon: ...Oh right! Now I remember!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[The Day Before]

[RiNG Café]

Soyo: Morning at a trendy cafe?
Anon: Yep! My new morning routine is eating a bunch of tasty food at a stylish cafe~!
Anon: I followed Nyamuchi's video this time, so I think it'll get more attention than before.
Soyo: Isn't that just copying someone else?
Taki: You might get good photos at a cafe, but it’s way too basic.
Anon: Ugh~, you're all so annoying~. I have to sleep early so I can wake up on time tomorrow!
Tomori: Good luck with your new morning routine, Ano-chan.
Soyo: Tomori-chan, you don’t have to support literally everything.
Anon: Alrighty. Thanks to you, Tomorin, I’m fired up! Time to crush this morning routine~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Anon: Alright, everything’s ready! Time to head to the cafe~!
Anon: Fufu, I can’t wait~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Evening]

Anon: What~!? Why~~!?
Anon: A photo I took at the café... and this is all the reaction I get~!? It looks great, so I really thought it’d get more likes~.
Anon: If everyone’s reacting like this, maybe they’ve just seen too much of that kind of stuff already...
Anon: Hmm~, what should I do~. Isn’t there another kind of morning routine that’d work~?
Anon: Bought food didn’t work, dining out didn’t either... what’s left~?
Anon: Oh, I know! Maybe I could try making it myself!
Anon: Making stylish breakfast myself totally gives off “put-together girl” vibes! That might get a lot of attention...
Anon: Alright, time to plan what to make. Let’s see... “easy stylish breakfast recipes”...
Anon: Fufu, now I’m getting excited~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[RiNG Café]

Tomori: Ano-chan... is she still doing morning routines...?
Soyo: Who knows? She hasn’t posted any pictures on social media lately.
Taki: Probably gave up again.
Soyo: Could be. Hey, look—she’s right here. Why don’t you ask her yourself?
Anon: Hmm? Were you guys talking about me?
Tomori: Uh... so... A-Ano-chan... you're not doing your morning routine anymore?
Anon: Oh, that? I’ve stopped going to cafes.
Tomori: So... you gave up on it...?
Anon: Nope! I’m still doing morning routines!
Tomori: Really...?
Anon: Now I make my own breakfast in the morning~!
Taki: Seriously, you never learn.
Soyo: Making your own...? That sounds even harder to keep up.
Anon: Geez~, why do you always have to butt in like that~? This time I’m really going to stick with my morning routine and get everyone’s attention.
Anon: I’m getting used to waking up early too. Just wait—I’ll make breakfasts so good everyone will want them!
Tomori: I’m curious what Ano-chan’s going to make...
Anon: For the very first one, I’m planning to make Eggs Benedict! I’ve memorized the recipe, so I’m sure it’ll go perfectly~.
Tomori: Eggs... Benedict...?
Soyo: Can you actually make that?
Taki: Wouldn't toast and scrambled eggs be more your speed?
Anon: Since I’m making it anyway, I decided I’d try something I’ve never cooked before. I hope I can make it feel like something you’d get at a restaurant~.
Rana: I want dessert too.
Anon: Oh, true! Nice one, Rana-chan~!
Anon: Hmm, what should I make~... Oh! I’ve still got some strawberries, so maybe I’ll use those for dessert!
Anon: Tomorin, what do you think I should make?
Tomori: U-uh... I don’t know...
Taki: Could you not spring that on her all of a sudden? She’s clearly flustered.
Tomori: Uh... maybe just eat them as-is...?
Anon: True! That’s super easy and sounds perfect! I’m going with that, Tomorin!
Anon: Okay, I’ve got the strawberries, so now I just need to pick up avocados and English muffins!
Soyo: From fruit to cafes to now cooking... you really come up with all sorts of stuff.
Tomori: But... Ano-chan always seems like she’s having fun.
Taki: Well, I can pretty much guess how this is going to go... but hey, do whatever you want.
Anon: There’s no way this won’t get me attention on social media! Ah~, I can’t wait for tomorrow morning~!
