event36-08 Chapter 7: Reflection with a Side of Fries

Roselia's members gather to reflect on their performance. That's when Ako asks Sayo the forbidden question.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After The Show]

[Restaurant]

Lisa: Nice work with today's show, you guys~! Now, what should we order~♪
Ako: I decided that I'm getting the hamburg steak~!
Yukina: ... Coming here to reflect on our performances has become routine, hasn't it...?
Sayo: It has. But it's not a bad one to have. We think about how we can improve our performance and keep that in mind for next time.
Rinko: Hikawa-san... What are you going to get...?
Sayo: I'll be ordering the BLT and the large fries.
Lisa: Sayo, the BLT already comes with fries. You're still gonna order more?
Sayo: Huh?! Uhm, yes. That is correct...
Ako: Hey, Sayo-san... I've been wondering about something for a while now...
Sayo: Wh-what is it?
Ako: Why do you always order the large fries?
Lisa: (W-wow~... She finally did it! She asked it...!)
Sayo: Well... I figured it's something everyone likes... Especially you, Udagawa-san. Don't you really like them? The order of large fries is for everyone to share.
Ako: I do, but the hamburg steak comes with fries too...
Sayo: I-I see... Okay, what about you, Shirokane-san?
Rinko: I... like them too, but... n-not quite that much...
Lisa: (Goodness... Those are not the people to ask, Sayo.)
Sayo: A-and you, Imai-san?
Lisa: I love 'em~. I always have some when you order them, Sayo♪
Sayo: I figured as much. Fufu, great.
Yukina: I also have some every now and then.
Sayo: I thought so!
Ako: Okay, but still... don't you usually eat most of them on your own?
Sayo: ...?!
Lisa: (Whoa~!! What is up with Ako today?! She is being totally ruthless!)
Yukina: You might be right. However, she is the one who orders it, so that's not actually strange, is it?
Ako: Well, no... But I was just thinking, Sayo-san must really like french fries.
Lisa: A-and now she's finally said it...
Yukina: Oh, right. Sayo, at first you said you didn't like them. Maybe things have changed since you started coming to restaurants like this.
Lisa: (Yukina is only realizing this now...?!)
Sayo: Y-yes... You're right. I thought that these places couldn't be trusted because they overload their food with additives, but many stores recently have been more cautious about their use of them...
Rinko: That's true... Knowing that means you don't have to worry...
Lisa: (Wait, did Rinko not notice this either...?)
Ako: I see...! So you started liking them over time then! I thought maybe you always did!
Sayo: N-no! That's certainly not the case.
Lisa: Fufu.
Sayo: Wh-what is it, Imai-san?
Lisa: Nothing. But it makes sense. Fries are pretty tasty. It just made me think about how Hina likes junk food too.
Rinko: Oh, she does...? I didn't know that...
Yukina: I'm sure since you're sisters, you have similar tastes. Not that I would know much about that, being an only child and all...
Ako: Ah, you might be right! My sister and I both love pork ramen!
Rinko: You do...? That means, you and Tomoe-san... can go out and have some together.
Yukina: Sayo, would you do that? I mean, come to this kind of restaurant together with Hina?
Sayo: ... Are we actually going to continue talking about this...?
Lisa: (Jeez~, does anyone have a sense of awareness around here?!)
Lisa: Guys, don't you think we should call the waiter over already? We got so distracted talking, we haven't even put in our order.
Ako: Ah! Oh yeah!
Yukina: You're right. Let's take care of that before anything else.
Sayo: I-Imai-san...
Sayo: I appreciate that. Thank you...
