event36-09 Chapter 8: The Conspicuous Club

All eyes are on the members of Hello, Happy World! on their way to the performance venue. However...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Before The Show]

[Station Entrance]

Kokoro: Hagumi! Kaoru! Over here~!
Hagumi: Ah! Kokoron, Kano-chan-senpai! Morning~!
Kanon: Good morning. Let's put on the best show we can today, okay?
Kokoro: Of course! We have to make this another day of lots and lots and lots of people smiling!
Kaoru: Well? Shall we advance to the performance portion of the day?
Hagumi: Wait a sec'! Where's Mii-kun?
Kokoro: Hm? Yeah, now that you mention it, she's not here yet.
Kanon: This isn't like her. Misaki-chan always shows up early to meet with us. I wonder if she ran into trouble...
Michelle (Misaki): Thanks for waiting, everyone~.
Hagumi: Wow... It's Michelle!! Michelle~!!
Kanon: Huh?! Wh-why...?!
Kokoro: So you're the one meeting up with us today, Michelle! What a pleasure!
Kaoru: Michelle, what has happened to Misaki?
Michelle (Misaki): So, uhh~... M-Misaki-chan is getting some rest today~. She told me to tell you all, "Good luck with the performance." Now let's give it our all~.
Kokoro: So that's what happened! Yep, Misaki is always working so hard. She needs herself a good break every now and then.
Michelle (Misaki): Mhm, you said it. Thank you~. Alright, to the live house~.
Passerby A: Wh-what is that...?
Passerby B: Some sort of advertisement, maybe...?
Kaoru: Ahh... The folks around town stare at us as we walk...! Is it my beauty that is responsible for this...? It feels... fleeting... and like it's brimming with sin...!
Michelle: (Kaoru-san definitely stands out, but I'm gonna have to guess that it's my fault that we're drawing more attention than usual...)
Kanon: H-hey, Misaki-chan... Why'd you come dressed as Michelle today?
Michelle (Misaki): Ahh, about that... You know how the dressing room at the live house is super small? Especially with all the sharing between bands?
Michelle (Misaki): Well, it seemed kinda like a hassle to try and change into Michelle in there without Kokoro and the others realizing.
Kanon: Ahaha~... That makes sense.
Michelle (Misaki): Not to mention how annoying it is to try to explain Michelle to them... If you wanna put a positive spin on it, I'm trying not to crush their dreams, I guess?
Michelle (Misaki): So I decided to talk to the suits, and I figured I could just be Michelle while we walked there. It works out, too, since it stops me from being cold.
Kanon: Fufu. That's a very Misaki-chan way of thinking about it.
Michelle (Misaki): Hahaha, you think? It doesn't look like they mind this whole thing, but I feel like I should apologize to you, Kanon-san. We can't even walk a few steps without everyone staring at us...
Kanon: I-I'm okay! There was that time... you know... when Kokoro-chan made me do a street performance with her, so...
Michelle (Misaki): H-haha... Oh yeah... Well I plan to be like this all day, so I'll just thank you for your help and understanding now.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Concert Venue]

Live House Staff: Oh! You're here to perform, correct? Hello, Happy World! is it?
Kanon: Y-yes! That's right...!
Kokoro: We've come to make the world smile!
Live House Staff: What a unique band you have... Uhhh, and the big bear...?
Hagumi: That's Michelle! Michelle is our DJ!
Live House Staff: DJ? Uhhh... A band member, then? Whenever it needs to be taken off, we have another changing room in addition to the dressing room...
Kokoro: Take what off? It's just Michelle! There's nothing to take off! Ah, you must mean her stage outfit.
Michelle: (Gah, this is bad. And so, so annoying.)
Kanon: Uhm, Kokoro-chan! About Michelle-
Hagumi: She's a girl, so whenever she has to change, she can just use the same room as us!
Kaoru: Now, Michelle. Take my hand. I shall escort you.
Live House Staff: ...?
Michelle (Misaki): Y-you guys, just relax. Let's try to keep quiet so that we don't make everything so hard for the staff members here~. I apologize about this, our band memb-
Live House Staff: Wah!! The costume talks?!
Michelle: (Wow, that made her more confused...?! Ugh, time for drastic measures...!)
Kokoro: Oh? Michelle ran off somewhere. I wonder where she's going.
Misaki: Huff, huff... Sigh... Excuse me. Sorry about that... I'll take care of everything regarding the show... You can talk to me...!
Kanon: Misaki-chan?!
Kokoro: Misaki! Michelle told us you were taking a day to rest. What happened?
Misaki: What do you mean, 'what happened'?! Michelle told me you guys were having trouble and needed help, so I rushed over...!
Kaoru: To think you'd come all the way here. On this, the day of your break... Misaki, you are an unbelievably wonderful girl... Ahh, so fleeting!
Misaki: Yes, yes, I know. I'm fleeting, I get it. You guys go on ahead to the dressing room. I'll do the signing in and stuff...
Kokoro: Thanks, Misaki...! But where's Michelle? She went to call you, right? Did she go to the dressing room?
Misaki: ...
Kanon: ... Misaki-chan, you go change. Things are a lot calmer. I can take care of this.
Misaki: Thank you, Kanon-san... Sigh...
