event36-05 Chapter 4: Butterflies and Boredom

The girls of Pastel＊Palettes are waiting to perform, but Hina says she wants to go outside because she's bored.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Before The Show]

[Dressing Room]

Aya: Let's see... After telling them about the song we performed, I introduce the band... Ah, but maybe it'd be better to introduce everyone beforehand...
Hina: Aya-chan, not that this is different from usual, but don't you think you're a little too worried about the show? Why plan the order of things? You can just go with the flow.
Aya: B-but...!!
Chisato: Aya-chan, look at this post from one of the attendees.
Aya: Hmm... "It's been a while since I watched them in person. I can't wait to see how much Aya-chan has developed as an MC"... These are-!
Chisato: Posts from people coming to watch us perform today. I was looking it up. They're all expecting big things from you, Aya-chan♪
Aya: That's nice and all, but that's also a lot of pressure~!!
Hina: "I love watching Aya-chan get flustered as the MC. It's way too cute"... is what this other post says!
Aya: I'm so confused~!!
Maya: Chisato-san, do you always check what people are posting online before our shows?
Chisato: I do. I can't help but wonder what kind of thoughts and expectations they're bringing when they come to watch us perform.
Maya: Ohhehe~. Impressive as always, Chisato-san~.
Chisato: Fufu, I wouldn't really call it that. I think Aya-chan might have had an effect on me. I always see her looking these things up.
Aya: I did? Ehehe... I'm glad to hear that...
Hina: You know, though, there's really nothing to do before the show anyway. Nothing~. Sigh... I think I might die of boredom...
Maya: You don't have a single nervous bone in your body, Hina-san. I can't believe you're bored...
Hina: Of course I am. It's so boring~. I wanna do something~!! Hmm~, I'm just gonna step outside for a bi-
Aya & Eve: No!
Chisato: The last time you took it upon yourself to 'step outside', one of the audience members spotted you and it became a huge headache. Did you forget?
Maya: Every staff member was all over the place... And it turned into a game of cat and mouse after you decided you were having fun and ran away from them.
Hina: I thought you all might say that, so today, I brought a secret weapon~. Wait here for a sec'!
Eve: I wonder what she brought with her.
Maya: Who knows... I hope she's not up to another one of her weird schemes...
Hina: Ta-da~! Look! It's a disguise!
Aya: Hina-chan, what are you doing?!
Hina: I knew I'd get in trouble for going out as myself, so I transformed into my sister.
Eve: Oh...! You are, as they would say, dressed like a shinobi!
Hina: Well? How do I look?
Aya: Did you bring those clothes without Sayo-chan's permission?
Hina: Mhm. She might find out, but I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.
Chisato: I bet she'd be furious...
Maya: You two are most definitely twins. You look exactly like her...!
Hina: Eh heh heh~♪ You think so~?
Chisato: ... You still talk exactly like Hina-chan though.
Aya: Yep...
Hina: Hey, so I can go outside now, right?
Maya: ... Definitely not.
Chisato: Yeah, agreed.
Hina: Aww~!! Why not? Look at me! I've basically become my sister!
Aya: But the way you talk and move and stuff... Anyone could tell you're still Hina-chan!
Eve: Hina-san, you have to completely become Sayo-san, even adopting her mannerisms and her voice. Otherwise, you cannot be called a true shinobi!
Chisato: Eve-chan, please. We're not shinobi...
Hina: Maruyama-san, you need to practice your singing more... Well? How was that?
Aya: That sounded nothing like her. All you did was say something that she might say...
Maya: Ah! I-it's almost time to go on! W-we were so distracted, we didn't realize! Hina-san, change into your stage outfit!
Hina: Aw man~... Welp, I didn't have to be bored the whole time, so whatever~.
Eve: Aya-san, are you ready to go? Do you remember what you're going to say?
Aya: W-well... I've actually forgotten about half of it...
Maya: Wh-what?!
Hina: You can tell them all about what just happened! You know, about the disguise and stuff!
Aya: Ohh... I don't know if I can do that so well without having practiced...
Hina: No biggie, I'm sure it'll work out! 'Kay, to the stage! Let's go~!
Chisato: Hina-chan, don't forget to change first!
