event36-04 Chapter 3: Everyone's Good Luck Ritual

The show has wrapped up. After seeing Tomoe's pre-show routine, the girls talk about all of their good luck rituals.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[After The Show]

[Restaurant]

Himari: Mmm~, what a great show we had today, you guys! It was a lot of fun~!
Ran: Mhm, I think you can say it was the same as always.
Tomoe: Yup, definitely on the same page as Ran! And on days like this, dinner always seems to taste better than usual, doesn't it~?! Now, what should we get~?
Himari: I'm getting the assorted fried foods set with the bread, salad and the dessert!
Moca: Big eater, aren't you, Hii-chan~?
Himari: Hmph! You're one to talk when you always eat so much after every show~!
Moca: I don't even have an appetite today~... So sad...
Tsugumi: Are you feeling sick, Moca-chan?
Moca: I ate all those treats that Ran's papa brought and now I'm so full. I couldn't eat another bite~. Sniff, sniff...
Ran: ... Sigh. Moca, you're not a child. Think a little bit before you gorge yourself.
Tsugumi: Ahaha... So your dad did come then, Ran.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Himari: He did! I saw him in the crowd! I said hi to him, and he told me that he made sure not to come backstage so that Ran wouldn't get mad at him.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Ran: This is so embarrassing. Please stop...
Tomoe: But he's such a good dad. Not to mention, he actually supports you being in a band now... Though I think if my dad came to watch, I might be kinda embarrassed too.
Ran: Exactly! You definitely would be! You all only talk about it the way you do because it's not your own parents...!
Tomoe: Haha. Okay, chill out. It's fine, dude. We put on a good performance for him every time anyway.
Tomoe: Man~, another great show, and it's all thanks to you-know-what!
Tsugumi: What's that...? You mean that thing where you yell before the show...?
Himari: About that... Your drumming was already cool enough before you started doing it. I'm pretty sure you don't need to do that...
Ran: Mhm, I think so too.
Tomoe: Really? It's kinda like a good luck ritual for me though. You guys don't have anything like that?
Moca: I'd have to say... eating the treats that Ran's papa brings~.
Ran: You rely on my father way too much...
Tsugumi: I always make sure to add the same bath salts to my bath the night before.
Himari: Ohh~, interesting!
Tomoe: You mean the ones you mentioned before that help you relax?
Tsugumi: Mhm, those! Once I get in that bath, I feel so calm. I sleep really well before the show.
Himari: Ooo! You'll have to tell me which ones you're talking about next time~!
Tsugumi: Yeah, of course! We can go to the store together! I know a good one!
Moca: Ran~, any good luck rituals~?
Ran: ... No, not really.
Himari: Meh heh heh~. Ran~, are you sure~?
Ran: Wh-what's with the laugh...? It's creeping me out...
Himari: Ohhh, so that's your answer, huh~?
Ran: Himari, what are you doing?
Himari: Well~, I saw you squeezing the charm I made before the show~.
Tsugumi: I did too! Ran-chan does that before every performance.
Tomoe: Oh, I've seen her do it too. You might be right about her doing it every time.
Ran: Th-that was...!
Moca: Ran, don't tell me you meant to keep that a secret from us...
Ran: ... Yeah...
Moca: Jeez~, you can at least be a little more sly about it~. Everyone already knows~.
Ran: It just... has this weird power or something... At least, it feels that way, so...
Himari: Meh heh heh~, I'm happy to hear you cherish it so much♪ That means it was totally worth making~.
Himari: While we're on the subject though, I wanna make all of us saying "hey, hey, hoh~" together before our shows into a thing.
Tomoe: That's... Uhm... Hmm~...
Moca: Welp, let's just say we all have our own good luck rituals~.
Ran: I said the charms you made have a weird power, right? Why don't you try making a wish? "I wish for us to say 'hey, hey, hoh~' together"...
Moca: You're right. It might even come true.
Himari: What? Really~? Okay then...
Himari: I wish for us to say "hey, hey, hoh~" together before our next performance... There. Hey, so this means we're all gonna do it, right?
Tsugumi: Th-that sure would be nice, wouldn't it, Himari-chan?
Tomoe: Haha. I bet you're really looking forward to our next show, Himari.
Himari: Yep! I can't wait!
