event36-06 Chapter 5: What Changes and What Doesn't

Everything went smoothly and the show comes to an end.  The members of Pastel＊Palettes talk about ways in which they've changed.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[After The Show]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Eve: Great performance today, everyone! I think we did really well!
Maya: Yeah! Of the shows we've had recently, it was probably the best one.
Hina: Aya-chan, you're looking yourself up already?
Aya: Ehehe, sorry. I think we put on a good show too, so I just wanted to know what the audience thought.
Chisato: There are certainly a lot of posts from people who enjoyed the event.
Aya: Right?! That's good to see~! 'Kay... Time to take a screenshot... There!
Eve: Aya-san, what are you doing?
Aya: Whenever I find positive feedback, I take a screenshot of it and save it. I can look back at it every now and then for encouragement.
Maya: Wow~! Really? You're so on top of this stuff, Aya-san.
Chisato: Aya-chan, you can't just look at the opinions you like. It's important to hear what the fans who are tough on you have to say too.
Hina: "There are still times when Aya's voice cracks. It's especially a problem with the intro to Shuwarin☆Dreaming. I do think she's gotten better though"... Wow, look at this. These people are so passionate.
Eve: "Agreed. That's 'cause she's not very good with high notes. Still, she seems to be trying hard and practicing a lot, so I'll continue to watch and support her"... That's a comment from under the last post.
Chisato: Fufu. You have so many fans who want to watch over you. They're like protective guardians.
Aya: Ngh... These are harsh... but I can't deny what they're saying. I'll have to work even harder then...
Aya: I've actually had a hard time with that part since I first started singing it... I thought things had changed a bit since we formed Pastel＊Palettes though...
Maya: I personally think you've gotten a lot better. And the fans are writing about how you've improved, too.
Hina: That's right! Think about it! Back then, if something took you by surprise, you would freeze up and choke on your words.
Aya: Ohh, can you stop bringing that up~...?
Eve: Your singing was great, but I thought the MC parts were really good too! Everyone was really into the story about Hina-san being a shinobi.
Chisato: Yes, I certainly agree with that. There were parts where you stumbled a bit, but you were able to communicate what you were trying to say very well, despite not having practiced it.
Aya: I-I was?!
Eve: Aya-san, you're always talking about how you forget what you're going to say during the show, but you overcome it every time!
Hina: Yep, I think that's true! I still don't really understand growth and stuff like that, but since joining Pastel＊Palettes, I've become more interested in Aya-chan and other people, and...
Hina: Oh, maybe that's why? That could be the reason that my sister and I are getting along so much better now! So joining this band might have been a good thing for me.
Eve: Yeah! I, too, was able to make lots of friends... Friends with you all, friends with the girls from the other bands... So I'm glad I joined Pastel＊Palettes!
Eve: I don't think I would even be able to play my keyboard if I didn't have Aya-san and Hina-san standing in front of me!
Maya: Being put in the spotlight makes me anxious about a lot of things. That hasn't changed yet... And there are still times when I consider myself to be inferior.
Maya: But there are people out there who accept me for who I am. Not only was I invited to be on that game show, but I've also been getting more and more used to being in pictures too...
Aya: This may not mean much coming from me, but... I think you've changed too, Maya-chan!
Maya: Aya-san...! I-I appreciate you s-saying that!!
Hina: Ahaha! You were starting to remind me of Aya-chan for a second there, Maya-chan.
Maya: Huhehe, are you sure about that?
Chisato: Fufu, that 'huhehe' hasn't changed though.
Maya: Sorry...
Hina: But that's okay, right? It's pretty boring when people just keep on changing.
Chisato: Is it? Wouldn't it be good to continue to improve ourselves?
Hina: Hmm~, I guess that might be true, but... I was thinking...
Hina: Let's say Aya-chan improved a whole lot. Let's say she got way better at improvising and singing...
Aya: Okay...?
Hina: That'd be kinda boring!
Aya: What~?!
Chisato: ... I... can't say you're completely wrong about that.
Aya: Y-you too, Chisato-chan~?!
Eve: But no matter how good you get, you'll never give less than your 100 percent, correct? You'll always be extremely hardworking. Isn't that right?
Aya: M-mhm... I think so.
Eve: In that case, you'll always be Aya-san. I think giving your best effort is part of what it means to be you!
Eve: And I love you for it!
Aya: Eve-chan~!!
Maya: I agree! So you stop saying that kind of stuff to her, Hina-san~!
Hina: Well, I guess it's fine if I can keep watching you try so hard. Unlike me, you always give your best effort, and that's part of what makes you so interesting.
Aya: Y-yeah! But I actually want to improve too, you know~!
Hina: Aww~, I'd like it better if you stayed like this for a while~.
Aya: Ugh~!!
Chisato: Fufu. But you see how we're able to joke around with each other like this? That could be a positive change, don't you think?
Aya: Y-yeah, but still~!!
Hina, Chisato, Eve & Maya: Ahahaha!
