event215-02 Chapter 1: For Our Seniors

At CiRCLE, a place filled with memories, Kasumi has a camera in hand.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Ran Mitake, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

Kasumi: Okay~!
Kasumi: Ran-chan, the look you gave to the camera was perfect~. It gave me chills~.
Kokoro: That was amazing, Ran! I could tell how much feeling there was in that!
Ran: Stop that, will you? It's nothing like that, really...
Kasumi: Ran-chan's part is done, so next it's-
Ran: Hey, if I want to do another take, will you let me?
Kasumi: Huh? Why, why? It was really good!
Ran: Look, this is all too sudden. Last night, you sent me a text saying that you wanted to take a video of our farewell messages to the graduating seniors...
Ran: It's not easy to summarize everything I want to say in one night.
Kasumi: But I really want to do something for them, y'know?
Kasumi: I kept thinking long and hard about what to do, but I had nothing... until last night, when it suddenly came to me!
Kasumi: I want our feelings to reach them when we wish them "Congratulations!" and "Do your best!"
Kokoro: That's why I got everything I wanted to say on this piece of paper!
Kokoro: If we can make the graduating students smile, then we'll get closer to making the whole world smile!
Ran: What's that...? It looks like a lot of drawings in crayon...
Kokoro: This is what I wanna say to them! They'll definitely be smiling from ear to ear!
Ran: An elephant on a ball and a flying penguin...? What is it supposed to mean?
Kasumi: I can't wait to hear what you'll say, Kokoron! But before that... Mashiro-chan and her group need to go first!
Mashiro: Huh?! U-um...
Ran: What's wrong?
Mashiro: I have what I want to say prepared, but-
Tsukushi: We were talking earlier and thought we needed some more time.
Nanami: Even before filming started, Shiro-chan and Tsu-chan kept writing in their notebooks about what to say.
Mashiro: Yeah... but I can't stop thinking there might be better words I can choose.
Nanami: I totally get it. We're celebrating their graduation, after all. Of course you want your feelings to reach them properly.
Kasumi: I see~. Then let's take a short break!
Mashiro: ...! Th-thank you...!
Ran: Will we have enough time? You have to record Eve and Hagumi's parts after this, right?
Kasumi: It's okay! There's still a lot of time until their turn, so don't worry!
Mashiro: Hmm... As I thought, I should use this word instead...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, could you take a look at what I wrote? Tell me if I should change anything.
Mashiro: Yeah, of course.
Mashiro: Let's see... "To the graduating students, I extend my sincerest congratulations on your graduation. Spring has come to greet us amidst the chill in the air."
Mashiro: ... It kinda sounds like something the chairman would say...
Tsukushi: The chairman?! Does it really seem that way?!
Mashiro: I-I'm sorry. It reminded me of morning assembly...
Tsukushi: Oh, what should I do~? ... By the way, how did you write yours? Let me use it as a guide!
Mashiro: Um, wai-
Tsukushi: Hmm... "The gentle rays of the sun shine incessantly. My heart flutters at the sight of smiling sakura. The dancing fairies and the spring-colored wind pull my hand and-"
Tsukushi: ...
Tsukushi: Are these... lyrics? We can understand what you mean, but I don't think our seniors will...
Mashiro: Really~?! O-oh no...
Nanami: Shiro-chan, Tsu-chan, take a deep breath~. There's still time, okay? You can try again.
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan, was that about the time we had a sakura party? ... Now that I think about it, a lot of stuff happened, huh~?
Mashiro: I can say it now, but I was actually scared of the third-year students at the time...
Ran: Huh? Are you sure it's just them? I thought you were scared of us, too...
Mashiro: ...?! W-well that's because... you kinda looked like troublemakers... I-I'm sorry...
Ran: So that's what you thought of us...
Kokoro: But we're all friends now! We even performed live together!
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah!  That's right, Kokoron! Good point~.
Tsukushi: I could never forget the CiRCLE THANKS PARTY! Maya-senpai taught me a lot about the drums.
Nanami: If you're gonna say that, then I got to talk passionately with Lisa-senpai and Chisato-senpai about playing the bass~.
Mashiro: ... Oh.
Tsukushi: What is it, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: During the after-party, I got to hear Yukina-san talk about being a vocalist. I wanted to ask her during the sakura party, but I couldn't bring it up...
Kasumi: Wait, she talked about what?! Not fair~. I wish I could've listened too~!
Ran: Then you can ask her anytime you want. Kokoro said we'll always be bandmates, no matter what, remember?
Kokoro: Yup! From now on and forever, we'll always be friends! The party will keep going!
Kasumi: You're right! As long as we're in bands, our party will never end!
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan? Why are you putting your notebook away...?
Mashiro: Um... I don't think I need it anymore. My memories are kinda flooding back...
Mashiro: The person I was when I started high school wouldn't have been able to come up with anything, but I think I've grown a little since then...
Mashiro: That's why, when I'm in front of the camera, I'll just speak from my heart and let the words flow.
Mashiro: I'm... part of the party, too, after all.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...
Nanami: Okay, it's decided~! I'll forget everything I wanna say too~.
Mashiro: I don't think you have to forget it...
Kasumi: Alright, we should start again soon! Mashiro-chan, are you ready?
Mashiro: Y-yes... I am.
Kasumi: Then can you stand here? Good, good... CiRCLE's sign is in the shot... Okay!
Kasumi: I'll start soon~! Five seconds left! And three, two, one... Action!
(White cut)
(Background change)
