event215-06 Chapter 5: With This Sadness in My Heart

The girls are busy setting up for the graduation ceremony, but Ako seems sad...

(Character: Moca Aoba, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy Gymnasium]

Tsugumi: The seats for the graduating students are all good! Next, please set up the seats for the guests!
Moca: Whoa~, how Tsugurific~. Maybe this is the most Tsugurific she's ever been~.
Tomoe: Yeah. Setting up the gym went by really fast because of Tsugu's orders. We'll probably finish earlier than planned.
Moca: Man~, as expected of the student council vice president~. With this, the graduation ceremony tomorrow will surely be a success~.
Tomoe: She said she finished writing her farewell speech and that she was able to put her heart into it.
Tomoe: ... Hmm? Those three are...
Moca: Ako-chin, Rokka, and Asuka-chan~. They look like they're working hard too~.
Tomoe: Actually... Ako looks like she's the only one who isn't doing too good...
Moca: Oh yeah. Now that you mention it, she does seem to have a long face~.
Asuka: Oh, Tomoe-senpai and Moca-senpai. Hello. Huh? Are Himari-senpai and Ran-senpai not here?
Moca: Ran and Hii-chan are in charge of the flowers~.
Moca: Anyway, Ako-chin, are you okay~? You seem pretty down.
LOCK (Rokka): Actually, she's been like this since this morning.
Tomoe: Ako... Did you get sad again?
Ako: I mean, everyone's graduating... I'll be the only high school student in Roselia...
Ako: Only me... I'm being left behind...
Asuka: You didn't say that stuff last week.
LOCK (Rokka): But... I understand how you feel, Ako-chan. To you, the third-years were amazing seniors, right?
Asuka: Rokka?
LOCK (Rokka): Our seniors are all so mature and I've always wanted to be like them.
LOCK (Rokka): I still can't believe that I won't be in the same school as them for much longer...
Tomoe: Yeah... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't sad.
Tomoe: Especially since this gym is where the Dance Club practiced. Even preparing has been making me recall all sorts of moments we've had...
Tomoe: Right around that wall over there is where we always did our stretches in a circle, and even after practice, we'd sit on that stage and keep chilling and hanging out.
Tomoe: We could've gone home, but no one wanted to... In the end, the security guard always scolded us, and we'd reluctantly go home.
Tomoe: It's not like I remember the things we talked about... but I do remember how much fun I had.
Ako: Me too...
Ako: I had so much fun too...
Tomoe: Right? That's why, Ako...
Tomoe: You gotta show your gratitude.
Ako: Gratitude...
Tomoe: Thank our seniors for giving us all those fun memories. As the current students, we gotta see them off properly.
Tomoe: It doesn't matter if we cry. It doesn’t matter if we get sad. What matters is...
Tomoe: We gotta do our best to prepare for the graduation ceremony tomorrow.
Ako: Sis...
Ako: You're right... I've been... so uncool...
Ako: I know these sad feelings will never go away. I'm sure I'll still cry like a baby during the ceremony...
Ako: But I wanna send them off properly... so I'll help prepare as much as I can.
LOCK (Rokka): Mhm. Ako-chan, let's do our best!
Tsugumi: Excuse me~! Whoever isn't busy, please help set up the seats for the parents and guardians!
Ako: Sis! I'll go help! Rokka and Asuka, let's go too!
Asuka & LOCK: Okay!
Tomoe: Ako, you can do it~!
Moca: ... Fu fu fu~.
Tomoe: Wh-what, Moca...?
Moca: Tomo-chin, while you were talking to Ako-chin, you were holding back your tears like your life depended on it, weren't you?
Tomoe: ... Huh?
Moca: You can't fool me, you know~. We know each other so well, we managed to switch bodies, remember~?
Tomoe: ... So you got me, huh? While I was talking, I kept getting flashbacks of memories with my seniors...
Tomoe: But I kept telling myself not to cry in front of Ako...
Tomoe: ... Do you think she noticed?
Moca: Probably not~. Let's keep it a secret between us~.
