event215-05 Chapter 4: Never-Ending Story

Hagumi studies with Hina at Hazawa Coffee. It's just another ordinary day.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Hagumi: Umm... I just gotta add "lovesome" here, and~... done! Hina-chan-sensei, I finished the classical lit question!
Hina: Lemme see~! The question was: Make a sentence using the word "lovesome.” Then you answered...
Hina: I'd love some cake to eat once I finish my homework....?
Hina: ... Oh, there it is! You hid it in "I'd love some cake..."
Hagumi: So? Did I get it right?
Hina: Mmm~, your answer was boppin'♪ You're awesome, Hagumi-chan!
Hina: If it were up to me, I'd give you an A++! But the correct answer is a little different~.
Hagumi: Aww~, I thought I did well~. Classical lit is pretty hard.
Hina: It's fine, don't worry! You did great on the other questions! And besides, in 1000 years, our words right now will be considered classical lit too, y'know?
Hina: So you don't have to overthink it or anything♪
Hagumi: Oh, you're right! Okay~, I'll do my best! Hina-chan-sensei, even after you graduate, please keep tutoring me!
Hina: You bet! Keep studying hard from now on, too, okay?
Tsugumi: Good job today, you two. Here are your chocolate cakes and teas.
Hina & Hagumi: Yay~!
Hagumi: Oh! Hina-chan-sensei! Since I'm done with my homework, does that mean we can eat our cakes?!
Hina: Ahaha, you're right~! Then your answer earlier was correct after all!
Hagumi: Hooray~!
Hagumi: Let's dig in~! Om... Mmm~! It's so yummy~!
Hina: It really is~. As expected of the student council vice president! Great work♪
Tsugumi: Ahaha... I don't think being vice president has anything to do with it though...
Hina: Oh right, I heard the preparations for the graduation ceremony have been going smoothly. Well done, student council~.
Tsugumi: Everyone is giving it their all.
Tsugumi: Most of the preparations are done, so all that's left are rehearsals and setting up the venue!
Hagumi: We had rehearsals at Hanasakigawa the other day too! Aa-chan was the emcee, and she was really good~.
Tsugumi: Arisa-chan sure is amazing~. I'm the emcee, too, but the thought of being in front of everyone makes me nervous~...
Tsugumi: Hina-senpai, it makes me realize how amazing it is that you were always able to do that.
Hina: Really? It never bothered me. But wait, you're in front of people during shows.
Tsugumi: I know~, but they're not the same thing~.
Hina: You'll just be speaking instead of performing. I don't see a difference~.
Hina: Anyway, you'll be fine, Tsugu-chan! You just gotta give it a whirl, and you'll do great~!
Tsugumi: Give it a whirl, huh... Fufu.
Hina: Hmm?
Tsugumi: Ah... Hina-senpai, if I give it a whirl like you said, will it be a boppin' graduation ceremony?
Hina: Yup, of course! Everyone will be in a boppin' mood for sure♪
Tsugumi: Fufu, how strange~. Hearing it from you, it feels like it'll actually happen.
Hagumi: I know, right! Whenever I don't know the answer to something, I get super down in the dumps...
Hagumi: But then Hina-chan-sensei will tell me the answer is boppin', and then I feel like I can solve the next one!
Hina: I see. So that's how you two feel.
Hagumi: Maybe you use "magic words" or something.
Tsugumi: Yeah. But... from April, you won't be in the student council anymore, Hina-senpai.
Tsugumi: I won't get to hear your magic words anymore...
Hina: ...? Tsugu-chan...?
Tsugumi: ... But, it'll be fine. Your words will always be in my heart.
Tsugumi: So you can leave the student council to me. I'll make the school even more boppin' from now on♪
Hina: Oh~, that's Tsugurific~! In that case~... I'll make a surprise visit to Haneoka one day and see if you kept your word~♪
Tsugumi: Of course! Please do!
Hagumi: When I become a third-year, I'll study so hard that it'll knock your socks off, Hina-chan-sensei!
Hina: Mhm! You two are amazing~. I feel so boppin'♪
Hina: In any case~, Tsugu-chan! Another chocolate cake, please~!
Tsugumi: Got it! I'll be right back.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Avenue Of Sakura Trees]

Saya: Phew~, I'm exhausted. Preparing for the graduation ceremony was a lot of work.
Rimi: Yeah... After making corsages, my hands have been hurting a bit...
Rimi: But they'll be on our seniors' chests during the ceremony, so I'm glad I made them look pretty.
Saya: Yeah. Oh, we should hurry. Kasumi and the others are waiting for us in the basement.
Kaoru: Oh, is that Saya-chan and Rimi-chan I see?
Rimi: K-Kaoru-san...!
Kaoru: Fufu... To think that I would meet the two of you here... As I thought, my little kittens and I are bound by the string of fate. Ah, how fleeting...
Saya: What are you doing here, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Ah, the graduation ceremony is approaching. I am in the middle of touring the fleeting scenery that has been part of the past three years I have spent.
Kaoru: Each one is sacred, for each one has allowed me to shine as Kaoru Seta. It is only obvious for me to give my thanks, is it not?
Rimi: Sigh~, so cool~...
Kaoru: Oh? Rimi-chan...? Could it be that you have a fever? Your face is as red as an apple!
Rimi: I'm not... Um, this is...
Kaoru: If you do not mind, would you allow me to escort you?
Rimi: E-escort?!
Kaoru: How could a prince leave a troubled princess on her own?
Rimi: B-but-
Saya: Fufufu, why don't you take her up on her offer?
Rimi: Saya-chan?
Rimi: Th-then...
Kaoru: Fufu, there is no need to hesitate. I said so before, did I not? I am in the middle of giving my thanks to all that made me shine.
Kaoru: Please accept my feelings of gratitude.
Rimi: ... Huh?
Kaoru: Many a time had my spirits been lifted by my little kittens' cheers during the plays held by the Theater Club...
Kaoru: Even after I have long since left the stage, I have received boundless fleetingness from everyone's words...
Kaoru: During these three years, I have always had my little kittens at my side. Hence, I shone brighter than ever in this play called high school life.
Rimi: Sniff... Sob...
Saya: Rimi-rin?
Rimi: Kaoru-san... Supporting you has made me the happiest girl on earth...
Rimi: The lines you'd say on stage always echoed in my mind...
Rimi: It felt like you were still there next to me even after the end of a play...
Rimi: To me, you'll always be a prince on a white horse.
Rimi: So... that's why... please let me continue supporting you... Sniff~... Sob~...
Saya: Rimi-rin... Here, use this handkerchief. If you cry too much, your eyes will swell, you know?
Rimi: I can't help it~.
Kaoru: Fufu, those fleeting tears shall make me shine even brighter...
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta's play has only just begun. Pay attention to me from now on as well, my adorable little kitten.
Rimi: ... I will!
(White cut)
(Background change)
