event215-04 Chapter 3: Bonds

A mountain of fries sits between Sayo and Toko. The two share a peaceful moment.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Kanon Matsubara, Chisato Shirasagi, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya)

[Fast Food Store]

Sayo: Kirigaya-san, I'm sorry I kept you waiting. There was a long queue at the register...
Toko: No biggie! I got us seats, so it's all good!
Toko: Here, have a seat! I even got an extra large order of fries just for you, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Oh...
Toko: Whoa! You ordered the same thing! We're, like, on the same wavelength~.
Toko: We gotta have a fries party!
Sayo: N-no, we do not. I only ordered an extra large because I thought you would be eating some as well...
Sayo: ... Regardless, will we be able to eat all of these? We still have to go to the studio after this...
Toko: If we don't finish them we can just bring the leftovers, right? I can't wait for today's guitar lesson!
Sayo: I look forward to it as well.
Toko: Oh! That reminds me... I'm sorry! I don't think I can make it to the graduation ceremony...
Sayo: ...? What are you talking about?
Toko: It's Hanasakigawa's graduation ceremony next week, right? Tsukinomori's is on the same day...
Toko: Aw, man~... I was so planning to rush to Hanasakigawa and watch you graduate too~.
Sayo: Kirigaya-san... Fufu, thank you. I appreciate the thought.
Sayo: On the day of the ceremony, be sure to watch over the graduating students at Tsukinomori.
Toko: Do you mean, like, hype up the event?
Sayo: No, that's not quite what I meant...
Sayo: However... I never thought our relationship would mature to this point.
Toko: Really~? I knew we'd be a power duo from the start~.
Toko: I thought that if anyone were to teach me the guitar, it could only be you!
Sayo: Come to think of it, this fast food store was where you asked me to help you...
Sayo: Looking back... the past three years were full of blessed encounters.
Sayo: If even one of those encounters hadn't happened... I wouldn't be this at peace for my graduation.
Sayo: Thank you, Kirigaya-san, for approaching me that day.
Toko: Sayo-san... Whoa~! I'm, like, super happy!
Toko: Wow, wow, wow! Today's lesson is gonna be awesome! My guitar is gonna shine the brightest it ever has!
Sayo: Then I will be even more strict than usual. Are you ready for that?
Toko: Of course! You should brace yourself too, Sayo-san~.
Sayo: Fufu... We should eat these fries now. They'll get cold.
Toko: Okay~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Kanon: Umm, so I have to make a right turn at the parked red car...
Chisato: Kanon, you shouldn't use cars as your guide. They won't be parked in the same place all the time.
Kanon: Oh, you're right. Then, how about this mailbox?
Chisato: Yes, that should be good.
Kanon: Memorizing a route is so difficult. Chisato-chan, I'm sorry for making you come with me.
Chisato: It's fine. It's difficult now, but you'll get used to it eventually. You'll be using this route every day once college starts, anyway.
Chisato: Besides, we should leave together as much as possible at first. Our colleges use the same route until a certain point, after all.
Kanon: Thank you, but I know you're busy... so I don't want to bother you too much.
Kanon: That's why I should at least learn my way around.
Chisato: I see... Okay. Let's make it a goal to memorize the route by the time we move in.
Kanon: Okay! And when making a turn here, I can use this big tree as a guide... Oh! Chisato-chan, look, look!
Kanon: That cloud is so cute and fluffy~. It looks like a rabbit.
Chisato: It does. Fufu, if Tae-chan was here, she'd surely be excited.
Kanon: ... By the way, the other day, we got to meet everyone again at the special graduation concert that Kokoro-chan and the others held, didn't we?
Chisato: Yes. Whenever somebody saw us, they came up to talk...
Chisato: The concert was fun, but so were those moments.
Kanon: ... When we start attending college, do you think we won't meet everyone as much anymore...?
Chisato: Perhaps... Our route to college is quite far from Hanasakigawa, so there might be fewer opportunities to meet them...
Kanon: I see... That's a little sad to think about... Oh? That person looks like...
Tae: Oh, Chisato-senpai and Kanon-senpai!
Chisato: Tae-chan... What are you doing at a place like this?
Tae: I was chasing after that bunny-shaped cloud! And then, I met you two. Rabbits really are amazing.
Chisato: All the way here...?
Tae: What are the two of you doing?
Kanon: We're here to look at the place we'll be living in from April.
Tae: Oh, it's the thing you talked about during the special graduation concert! Wow, so it's around here, huh?
Tae: I wanna go to your place next time! Is it okay if I come over?
Chisato: Of course. Once we settle down, we'll invite you.
Tae: Yay~! Then let's have a Hamburg steak party! I can't wait~.
Tae: ... Oh, the bunny-shaped cloud is floating away! Kanon-senpai, Chisato-senpai, let's run after it!
Kanon: Chisato-chan, I know we talked about how we might not see everyone as often anymore after graduating, but...
Chisato: Yes... It seems like there was nothing to worry about.
Tae: Chisato-senpai, Kanon-senpai~! C'mon, hurry up~!
Chisato: Fufu... We're coming.
(White cut)
(Background change)
