event124-07 Ending: Return to the Mermaid's Cave

After sending postcards through the marine mailbox, as promised, the girls search for mermaids once again.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Ocean]

Hina: Mmm, that was a blast~. Today couldn't have been better♪
Maya: Our day definitely did not end with the marine mailbox~. I am already worried about how sore I will be tomorrow.
Lisa: Hey, the guide from earlier got back to us with the photos. Look...
Kasumi: Ah, it's when we were scuba diving! This is right as we were feeding the fish, right?
Kasumi: It was so cute how they suddenly gathered around my hand~♪
Tae: The seaweed was cute too. I can't get over how they were wriggling around underwater. I didn't expect that.
Lisa: Huh? Tae, out of all the stuff we saw, that's what caught your eye?
Hina: Hahaha, you're so funny, O-Tae-chan!
Maya: I had assumed it would be difficult to swim to the marine mailbox, but it did not take much time at all. The distance was much closer than expected.
Hina: I wonder when Sis will get my postcard~.
Lisa: Tomorrow sounds about right, doesn't it...? I hope everyone in Roselia gets a kick out of them~.
Tae: I think Oddie and the others will enjoy theirs. I'll need to film their reactions.
Maya: ... Oh, look at the time. I believe we should start heading towards the Mermaid Cavern.
Tae: ...! You remembered!
Lisa: Of course! It was a promise, after all☆
Kasumi: Thank you so much! Alright, this is it...
Kasumi: "Hey~! We're going to go see the mermaid now~!"
Lisa: Hahaha, there she goes again. Are you saying hello to the island like you did this morning?
Kasumi: Hehehe... I couldn't control how hyped I am.
Tae: I want to try! "Hello~! I hope you'll cheer us on~!"
Hina: Okay, let's investigate this mermaid rumor one more time!
Kasumi: Right on! Let's go... to the Mermaid Cavern~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mermaid Cavern - Nearby Coastal Rocks]

Kasumi: Ooo, no one was home...
Tae: I really thought this was our chance... I guess the mermaid was still out and about.
Hina: Hey, it didn't pan out, but it's not a big deal~. Don't sweat it, guys!
Lisa: Yeah, we just came at a bad time.
Maya: We can try searching again next time. Perhaps then our target will make a sudden appearance.
Tae: Ah, a mermaid!
Maya: See? I told you they'd make a sudden- Huh?!
Tae: Over there! I see a mermaid lying on the surface of the water!
Kasumi: Where, where?! Ah... there it is~!
Maya: The silhouette of the island... does resemble a mermaid at rest.
Lisa: Isn't that the same island Tae and Kasumi were calling out to earlier...? Wow, it's weird how different things can look from a change in perspective~.
Maya: Ah... Of course! The island resembles a mermaid when viewed from near this cave, which is why it is called Mermaid Cavern!
Hina: Whoa, is that what they meant~? Talk about a letdown~.
Tae: We did it, Kasumi. We found the mermaid.
Kasumi: It was right there in front of us the entire time! I never noticed~. Nice work, O-Tae~!
Tae: Hehehe... Ah. I think touching the Stones of Happiness may have enlightened me.
Kasumi: I see~! I guess you really were blessed, then.
Lisa: Right, they did mention something about bringing about good things.
Maya: Could it be... that the superstition was true after all?
Hina: ... Hm? What's that sound? I heard something in the water over there.
Lisa & Maya: ...
Kasumi: Did you see that?! A huuuge fish just swam by!
Tae: I only caught a glimpse, but the tail did seem really big. About as long as my leg.
Hina: Really?! Aw man, I missed it~.
Kasumi: It's probably still somewhere nearby! Let's go check...!
Hina & Tae: Okay!
Lisa: Hey, Maya... Maybe I was just seeing things, but... did that fish look like a woman to you...?
Maya: Y-yes... It had the tail of a fish and the body of a woman...
Lisa: I don't think Tae and the others got a good look...
Maya: They were not as quick to notice it as we were...
Maya: Does that mean it was a... m-m-mermaid...?
Lisa: No, it can't be... There's no way... Right...?
(Black cut)
