event124-04 Chapter 3: Hikawa Mystery Expedition!

Hina and the others begin an expedition based on Tae's research. What will they find...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Ocean]

Lisa: Maya, lean slightly closer to Kasumi~. Tae, come a little more towards me... Yeah, perfect♪ Okay, here goes~...
Hina: Did you get it, Lisa-chi? Let me see!
Lisa: Just a second~... Oh, it came out nice~. Look, a perfect shot of everyone at Hanazono Land☆
Tae: Lisa-san, please send a copy of that photo to me later.
Lisa: Okay~. I'll post it in the group chat~.
Kasumi: Thank you so much~!
Maya: What should we do now? It is almost time for lunch.
Hina: Playing like this is fine, or we can grab some grub. I'm down for either one~.
Tae: In that case, I have some places I would like to go.
Hina: Oh, where's that?
Tae: Seashell Shore and Mermaid Cavern.
Lisa: Mermaid Cavern?
Tae: Yes, there is a cave nearby where a mermaid lives.
Kasumi: Whoa, for real~?!
Tae: For real. The O-Tae Research is never wrong.
Hina: Mermaids in caves... Now that smells like a mystery...! That's totally boppin~♪
Kasumi: Oh, oh~! I want to go see the mermaid~!
Maya: Accounts of mermaids exist across the world, whether it's through legends or eyewitness accounts. It would appear this place is no exception.
Maya: Although most of the sightings were a result of mistaking wildlife such as dugongs for said beings.
Lisa: I was seriously hooked on mermaid cartoons when I was a kid~. They've got this special charm to them~♪
Hina: Right, that settles it, then☆ We'll head straight for the Mermaid Cavern, and-
Tae: Ah, do you mind if we have lunch first? My stomach is already making a fuss.
Hina: Huh~?!
Lisa: Hahaha, roger that! Let's hit up that stand over there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Coastal Rocks]

Hina: Alright, Hikawa Mystery Expedition... sound off!
Tae: One!
Kasumi: Two!
Lisa: Three!
Maya: Four! Um... what is this Hikawa Mystery Expedition?
Hina: It's me leading an investigation into the mystery of the mermaid, of course~.
Hina: Having said that~... Crewmate O-Tae! Where is this Mermaid Cavern?!
Tae: Um, if the sun is there... then it should be this way. Seashell Shore is actually on the way.
Lisa: That's the place with a ton of shells in various colors, right? I can't wait to go there too~.
Kasumi: Captain Hina, let's get going already~.
Hina: Okay~! Begin the search~!
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Kasumi: Hm, hmmm~♪ Where can the mermaid be~?
Maya: Fufu, she may already be watching us from somewhere nearby.
Kasumi: Huh?! From where?! Hmmm~...
Tae: Look, Kasumi! I see a crab over there.
Kasumi: Hey, you're right! It sure is energetic~. Ah, it went between the rocks...
Tae: Did you know crabs are also rabbits, Kasumi?
Kasumi: How could they be both...? What do you mean?
Tae: In Finland, rabbits are called "kani." That's just like the Japanese word for crab. Eve taught me that.
Hina: Have you been learning stuff from Eve-chan too, O-Tae-chan? Alright then, have you ever heard of a "merimakkara"?
Tae: Merimakkara...?
Maya: I do believe it means "sea cucumber." That is how you refer to it in Finnish, anyway.
Lisa: Aw, what an adorable name~... Huh? Is this...?
Kasumi: Ah, a pink seashell!
Tae: I found a green one over here. Ah, There's an orange one too!
Maya: The entire area is littered with beautiful shells... Could this mean we are at...
All: Seashell Shore!
Hina: This has to be it! I knew the O-Tae Research would get us here!
Lisa: I knew there would be a lot of colors, but... this is much more than I expected~.
Maya: Indeed... Why are the shells in this area alone so colorful? What is so special about this particular stretch of rocks...?
Tae: ... Ah, I know. It must be because the mermaid often comes here to play.
Kasumi: That makes sense! So that's why there are so many pretty shells around here.
Maya: A-are you certain about that...?
Tae: Without a doubt. Now I want to meet this mermaid more than ever.
