event124-02 Chapter 1: The Beach~!

Tae and the others have come to a beach with a marine mailbox. Tae, Hina, and Kasumi immediately run around the foreshore...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Ocean]

Hina, Kasumi & Tae: The ocean~!!
Kasumi: Big, blue, and so, so beautiful! Mmm~! I'm super pumped~.
Hina: That coastal breeze is nice too~. It's seriously boppin'♪
Tae: Look. I see an island over there.
Kasumi: How about that! Hello, island~!
Tae: Can you hear us~?!
Maya: Fufu, I'm afraid it is impossible for your voice to reach that far.
Lisa: Those two seem to be having a good time~. I get where they're coming from, though☆
Hina: ... Was... here... All done~♪
Maya: What are you doing, Hina-san?
Hina: Writing in the sand~. "Hina Hikawa was here ☆彡" Cool, right~?
Tae: No fair, Hina-san! I want to write something too!
Kasumi: Where did you find that stick?
Hina: There's a pile of driftwood over there. I'll show you!
Maya: Everyone, please do not wander off too far, okay~?
Hina, Tae & Kasumi: Okay~!
Lisa: The weather sure is nice~. I'm glad we're getting this much sun on our special beach trip~.
Maya: Cumulonimbus clouds have formed over there. That certainly makes it feel like summer has yet to end.
Lisa: Still, I was surprised when I got that text from Hina out of nowhere~. "Let's go to the beach next weekend~."
Maya: Hahaha, mine said the same thing. Aya-san and the others wanted to join us, but their schedules did not match with ours...
Lisa: I tried to find some other people to come along, but they were all busy. Oh well, we'll just have to make up for their share of the fun♪
Maya: Well said! That way we'll have all sorts of stories to share with them!
Hina: Okay, then! Let's make the others totally jealous with our super amazing postcards~!
Lisa: Ah, welcome back, Hina~.
Maya: Amazing postcards, huh~. I recall there being a mailbox in the middle of the sea, correct? That surprised me when I first heard about it.
Hina: Doesn't that just smell of fun and adventure?! I wonder how Sis will react when she finds out our postcards were sent from the marine mailbox~.
Maya: Fufu. Hina-san, you certainly do love Sayo-san.
Lisa: That's for sure~. It's not often that you hear of people sending summer greetings to their own families.
Hina: Really? I think it's normal~. Nothing wrong with sending something to the people you love~.
Tae: Hina-san, Lisa-san, Maya-san! It's finished! I wrote, "Tae Hanazono was here!" I added a drawing of Oddie.
Kasumi: Take a look at mine too! "Kasumi Toyama was here~☆" ... Hehehe, how does it look?
Lisa: Oh, they came out well♪ And Tae's Oddie drawing is so cute~.
Maya: Toyama-san, I find yours to be incredible! The letter balance is particularly exquisite~.
Hina: Alright, that's enough with writing in the sand for now. Let's go play in the water~.
Maya: H-Hina-san, you were the one who started it...
Lisa: What time does the marine mailbox tour start again?
Kasumi: In the afternoon! Giving us plenty of time to play.
Lisa: Okay~. We'd better get changed, then. The dressing room is... over there, I think. Let's go.
(Black cut)
Hina: Alright, starting with O-Tae-chan... Sound off!
Tae: One!
Kasumi: Two!
Lisa: Three!
Maya: Four! Everyone is accounted for.
Kasumi: Then~... let's make a splash~!
Tae: Wait, Kasumi! I haven't told you about my O-Tae Research.
Kasumi: Whoa, you're right!
Maya: O-Tae Research...?
Hina: O-Tae-chan was checking to see if there's any cool stuff to do nearby.
Kasumi: We almost ran off without checking in on the O-Tae Research... That was a close one~.
Tae: Alright, here's the first batch of O-Tae Research. Do you see the boulders in front of that island over there?
Lisa: Ummm... the ones that are a bit offshore?
Tae: Bingo, Lisa-san! I don't have an Oddie doll to give you as a prize, but... Correct answer!
Lisa: Hahaha, so it was a quiz.
Tae: Those are the "Stones of Happiness." They say that good things come to whoever touches them.
Kasumi: For real?! I want to try!
Hina: Nice~. Now that's one boppin' superstition♪ Alright, everyone, set sail~!
Kasumi & Tae: Off we go~!
Lisa: There they go... Are you coming, Maya?
Maya: I don't feel confident swimming that far out, so I will stay behind and relax in the shallows.
Lisa: Alright, I'll do the same, then. Let me grab us some swimming rings.
