event124-05 Chapter 4: The Mermaid's Cave

Tae and the others enter the Mermaid Cavern. What will they find there...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Seashell Shore]

Hina: Hikawa Mystery Expedition, gather around~!
Kasumi & Tae: Yes, captain!
Hina: We make for our final destination, Mermaid Cavern! Lisa-chi, Maya-chan. Are you all set?
Lisa & Maya: All okay~♪ Okay on my end!
Hina: Alright! Let's go to the Mermaid Cavern!
Kasumi, Tae, Lisa & Maya: Let's go~!
Lisa: ... Does anyone know the way?
Hina: Hm? No clue.
Maya: Huh...? You ordered us to march without knowing the coordinates?
Hina: Hahaha, don't worry~! We've got O-Tae-chan. So yeah, I'm leaving everything to you~.
Tae: I will do my best! The final portion of my O-Tae Research dictates that we can reach the Mermaid Cavern by going in the direction of the setting sun.
Lisa: Ummm... which means we need to head west, right?
Tae: Correct, Lisa-san! You receive a second Oddie doll.
Maya: That is still rather vague... Do you have any other information? An identifiable landmark, for example.
Tae: Hm~... Ah, I may have one. I read online that you can see the entrance to the Mermaid Cavern from Seashell Shore.
Lisa: Oh, now we're talking! Which way is west, again?
Maya: The sun is currently in that position, so... I believe that is the correct direction.
Kasumi: Which means the entrance to the cavern has to be over there! Let's see... Hrmmm~...
Maya: I don't see it. It should be visible from here according to Tae-san's data....
Hina: Huh...? Look over by the spot with all the trees... Is that a hole?
Lisa: Ah, she's right! Wait, that's totally a cave!
Hina: It has to be the Mermaid Cavern!
Maya: That's our Hina-san! How observant of you~.
Kasumi: So there's a mermaid in there, right? Hurry, let's go see!
Tae: Over here, everyone~!
Lisa: ... Tae, how did you-...?! She's already way over there...
Hina: Alright, Hikawa Mystery Expedition! Follow O-Tae-chan~!
Kasumi, Maya & Lisa: Okay~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mermaid Cavern]

All: ...
Lisa: Wow... What is this place...? The water is like a sparkling sapphire...
Maya: Perhaps that's the result of sunlight reflecting off the water's surface... How mysterious...
Hina: It's so, so, so pretty~! Totally boppin'♪
Kasumi: I wouldn't be surprised if a mermaid really did live here! Right, O-Tae?!
Tae: There must be one here. I mean... look at all the seashells scattered about. The mermaid must have brought them from Seashell Shore.
Lisa: I guess I can see that... Hey, you all see that rock in the sunlight over there, right?
Tae: Are you referring to that flat one?
Lisa: Uh-huh. It looks like the kind that a mermaid might lay down on in a movie or cartoon.
Kasumi: Ah, it does~! Yep, a mermaid definitely lives here!
Maya: It certainly is a rather mysterious location... Despite the rocks outside the cavern, the interior is composed largely of sand...
Maya: Could this section be connected to the ocean? If not, then it is unlikely for this bed of water to have formed...
Hina: Want to swim deeper inside? Maybe we'll find our answer there!
Lisa: Nope, it's way too dangerous.
Kasumi: Hey, mermaid~! Please answer us if you're here!
Tae: ... No reply. Do you think it went out somewhere?
Kasumi: That must be it! It'd be a shame to stay cooped up when the weather is this nice.
Tae: Let's go look for it, then.
Lisa: Ah~... I understand how you to must feel, but if we don't head back soon, we won't make it in time for the marine mailbox tour.
Kasumi: Huh? Is it that late already?!
Maya: It would appear so... Time has certainly flown by today. I was too preoccupied with our search to notice.
Hina: Aw, too bad. Looks like time's up~. I wanted to do some more exploring~.
Tae: Can we stop by later once the tour is over? The mermaid should be back by then.
Maya: We still have to make time for the train, so there's no way to guarantee it, but maybe we can sneak a peek if things work out.
Tae: Thank you so much! We need a photo. I want to take a group shot with everyone.
Lisa: We honestly have no choice but to take a picture of a beautiful location like this~. Alright, group up, everyone~.
HIna, Tae, Kasumi & Maya: Okay~!
(Black cut)
