event124-01 Opening: Forgetful Summer Vacation

Tae and Kasumi decide to go out on their last day of the summer vacation. Where do they want to go?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa)

[Hanazono Residence - Tae's Room]

Tae: Sorry for the wait, Kasumi. I brought you some juice.
Kasumi: Wow~! Thanks, O-Tae~.
Tae: And here, a limited edition summer mango tart.
Kasumi: Oh, that's a lot of mango!
Tae: Himari recommended it. I heard it was better chilled, so I made it ice cold.
Kasumi: Nice idea, O-Tae! Let's hurry up and dig in.
Tae: Wait, there's more. Now we add some slightly melted ice cream on top~...
Kasumi: Whoa, the ice cream is melting onto the mangos...
Tae: Finished. Another freestyle recipe straight from Himari.
Kasumi: O-Tae, I can't hold out any longer with this tasty thing in front of me~.
Tae: Me neither. It's my first time trying this too. I can't wait.
Kasumi: Okay, then! Put our hands together, and...!
Kasumi & Tae: Let's eat~! Let's eat!
Kasumi: Mmm, so good~! What is this?! Anyway, it's just... amazing!
Tae: It's both refreshing and rich at the same time. I can't get enough of this. I wish Rimi and the others could be here to try some~.
Kasumi: They're all on vacation with their families~. Ah, speaking of which, did you also get picture postcards from everyone?
Tae: I did. They should be here somewhere... These, right?
Kasumi: Yeah! Arisa went to a summer resort, and Rimi-rin went to an amusement park. Saya ended up going camping~...
Tae: Everyone looks like they're having a great time. Seeing them that happy gets me all excited too.
Kasumi: Aw man, I wish I could go somewhere~. Summer vacation is almost over now... How about you, O-Tae?
Tae: I'd love to! Even a day trip is fine. I just want to get out and go somewhere.
Tae: That way, I can thank everyone for their postcards with some of my own. The others would be so surprised to come back from their trips and have postcards waiting for them.
Kasumi: O-Tae, that's a great idea!
Tae: Should we do it, then? I'll look up some places on my phone.
Kasumi: Me too~! When it comes to summer vacation, there is no place better than the ocean~.
Tae: The ocean... The ocean... Ah, how about this beach? It seems rather popular.
Kasumi: Can I see?!
Tae: This site here. Doesn't the ocean look so pretty?
Kasumi: It does! The water is crystal clear~. That must feel so good to swim in~♪
Tae: And this "marine mailbox" thing sounds interesting.
Kasumi: Marine mailbox?
Tae: It's written right here. You swim all the way out to a mailbox on the ocean floor and submit postcards there.
Kasumi: An underwater mailbox?! No way, that sounds so cool...!
Tae: It looks like they also have a scuba diving tour we can do together. We could play in the ocean and send out postcards. I'm sold on this place.
Kasumi: It has my vote too~!
Tae: That settles it, then. I can't wait to go.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Kasumi: Thanks for walking me here, O-Tae. See you tomorrow.
Tae: No problem. Bye-bye.
Hina: O-Tae-chan~! What are you up to?
Tae: Ah, Hina-san! Hello. I was hanging out with Kasumi.
Hina: You're so lucky~. I'm stuck with Pastel＊Palettes duties almost every day~.
Hina: I just got off work a little while ago... Aw man, I wish I could have enjoyed my summer vacation a little more~.
Tae: Why don't you come with us to the marine mailbox? Kasumi and I are thinking of going this weekend.
Hina: Marine mailbox?
(Black cut)
Hina: I had no idea something so interesting was out there! Count me in~!
Hina: Ah, hold on a second. This weekend, I have... no work~! Aw yeah~!
Tae: Wow, that's great!
Hina: I had been thinking about what kind of summer greeting to send my sister, so this works perfectly~.
Hina: A marine mailbox sounds unique enough that even Sis will think it's seriously boppin'♪
Tae: I want Arisa and the others to find it boppin', as well♪
Hina: Yeah, let's do it~!
Tae: The postcards I got from them had me so excited. You could tell they were having a great time on their trips.
Tae: Which is why I want the postcards I send through the marine mailbox to be just as exciting.
Hina: Well then, we'd better have of tons of fun~. Since it's a special occasion, I'll see if anyone else wants to come along!
Tae: I still haven't looked up everything, but it seems like that beach has a lot of other interesting spots to check out.
Hina: Nice, I smell an adventure coming on♪
Tae: I'll be sure to do a thorough rundown. My O-Tae Research won't let you down.
Hina: Right on~! We'll make these the best postcards ever~!
Tae: Yeah~!
