event124-06 Chapter 5: The Perfect Postcard!

It's time for the Marine Mailbox tour. Tae and Co write postcards to everyone.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Scuba Diving Shop]

Tour Guide: That concludes the explanation of the tour. Please feel free to enjoy yourselves until the tour begins.
Lisa: Phew, that was longer than I thought~. I hope I can remember all the diving hand signs~.
Maya: They were certainly a lot of them. Let's review them together later.
Kasumi: Getting my hands on a diving suit has me so excited~. I can't believe we're actually going to go scuba diving!
Tae: And the tour guide said we can take pictures underwater. Let's take as many as we can, Kasumi.
Kasumi: Of course!
Hina: Hold on, you guys~. Scuba diving sounds fun and all, but aren't you forgetting the main reason we're here~?
Tae: Ah, right! We have to make the perfect postcards...!
Hina: You bet we do! The ones for sale over there are specifically for the marine mailbox. Let's go.
(Black cut)
Hina: Time to buy postcards~! I wonder which one would be best for Sis~.
Lisa: Wow, they've got art on them. Is this landscape from the ocean here...? So pretty~.
Maya: Are these postcards... made from plastic? So that is how they can be taken underwater.
Tae: Here, I brought some pens for you all.
Lisa: Thanks~... Uh, did you seriously buy that many postcards, Tae? There must be ten... No, at least twenty there...
Tae: That sounds about right. That should be enough for Poppin'Party, Rei, and even Oddie. Oh, and don't forget Shiroppi, Purple-chan, Danjuro, Doro-chan...
Lisa: Wait, you're sending some to your rabbits?
Tae: Yes. They all seemed so happy when I proposed the idea. Who will you all be sending yours to?
Lisa: Mine are for Roselia and a few others I want to thank~. How about you, Maya?
Maya: I am in the same boat as you, Lisa-san. I also plan to send mine to Pastel＊Palettes, as well as to people I am thankful for.
Kasumi: Hm, this is tough~... Now that we're here, I don't know what to write~.
Lisa: I know what you mean~. We swam in the ocean, went exploring, and did all sorts of other stuff~.
Hina: Hmm, I don't really follow~. If you have something to say, just go with that~.
Maya: I understand that much, but...
Kasumi: We had so much fun here that it's hard to pick out something to write about~.
Hina: In that case, write whatever pops in your head. Don't try to prioritize it.
Hina: You should just write how you feel in whatever way you want~.
Kasumi: Just go with how we feel... That is...
Tae: Exactly like our concerts.
Kasumi: You read my mind!
Maya: Yes, I can see the similarities... Our performances are also driven by our feelings.
Tae: Whenever I'm playing, all I can think about is how much fun concerts and music are.
Tae: And because those emotions are so clearly on display, I believe our shows also bring that happiness to the audience.
Tae: I want everyone to feel the same level of excitement I have when they read my postcards.
Kasumi: So I should treat it like one of our shows... Alright~. I'll start off with our exploration adventure~...
Lisa: I think I'll also follow Hina's example and jot down whatever comes to mind.
Maya: I will do the same!
Hina: Now you're getting it, guys! Fill those postcards with all the memories we made today~!
(Black cut)

[5 Minutes Later]

Kasumi: That's one down~! Okay, now for number two~...
Lisa: Oh, you're on fire, Kasumi~. I just need to put a little something about the seashells, and...
Maya: Fufu...
Tae: What is it, Maya-san?
Maya: Nothing... While writing my postcards, my mind was suddenly filled with the smiles of everyone in Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: I can see Aya-san, Eve-san, and Chisato-san happily reading my thoughts over and over again.
Tae: Same here! I can see Saya and the others reading mine with a smile.
Maya: The imagination is a mysterious thing. I can feel myself wanting to write more and more...
Maya: You could almost say that envisioning how our readers will react to our postcards is another pleasure we can gain from making them.
Hina: Maya-chan, pass me that green pen~.
Maya: Ah, here.
Kasumi: Number two is done~!
Lisa: I finished my first one~!
Tae: Maya-san, let's continue writing ours.
Maya: Understood!
