event124-03 Chapter 2: Enjoying the Beach☆

Whether it be in the water and on the sand, Tae and the others make the most of their summer beach day.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Lisa Imai)

[Ocean]

Maya: Ahhh~. It's nice to empty your mind and simply float in the water~.
Lisa: This is what you call pure bliss~. I can feel all my fatigue being washed away...
Maya: Did you perhaps spend your entire summer vacation doing band rehearsals?
Lisa: Yep! We've been making new songs and working on arrangements of our previous ones. We tried all sorts of new things~.
Lisa: I've been playing bass so much that I could probably count the days where I didn't. It was a very fulfilling summer vacation☆
Maya: As always, Roselia continues to be something worth keeping an eye on.
Lisa: Thank you♪ How've you been, Maya?
Maya: I'm in a similar situation to yours, Lisa-san. Nearly every day has involved working with Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: Events, radio appearances, concerts, and meet and greets... I had the pleasure of being busy with so many activities.
Lisa: I thought I was seeing Pastel＊Palettes pop up in magazines more often lately.
Lisa: Fufu, you're growing more and more famous by the day♪
Maya: Maybe... All I know is that I plan to work even harder to please all of our fans!
Lisa: Yeah, and we're all cheering for you☆
Hina & Tae: Target sighted~!
Lisa & Maya: Eek! Wh-what...?!
Hina: Yay~! Operation Water Warfare was a success~!
Tae: Yay~!
Lisa: Ooo, my hair is soaked... Jeez, Hina~, Tae~. You shouldn't scare people like that~.
Hina: Ah, Lisa-chi is gonna blow! Run for it~!
Lisa: Get back here, you two~!
Maya: Ah, Lisa-san...! There she goes...
Kasumi: I'm back, Maya-san~!
Maya: Welcome back, Toyama-san~! How were the Stones of Happiness?
Kasumi: I actually touched them! The way they were shaped was really cool.
Maya: Their shape?
Kasumi: From above... they totally looked like a heart!
Maya: That does make them seem effective~. Perhaps the notion of being blessed through contact is not entirely preposterous.
Kasumi: I wonder what will happen~. I can't wait to see what good things come my way!
Tae: Kasumi , Maya-san! You're wide open...!
Kasumi & Maya: Wh-what?! Umph!
Hina: Yay~! Second Assault: Successful~!
Tae: Kasumi, this is the ocean. A moment of carelessness can be fatal.
Maya: Ooo, I can't believe they got me again... Very well... Toyama-san, it's time we fought back!
Kasumi: I won't let you down! We'll make them pay for that!
Hina: Oh, so you want some more~?! Hit us with everything you've got~!
Lisa: Maya, Kasumi! I've got your backs!
Hina: Oh, Lisa-chi is joining the fray! Now we're talking~♪
Tae: Hina-san, let's win this.
Lisa: You think you can seriously take us down~? Now you two are in for it~!
(Black cut)
Lisa: Wow~, that was fun~. I haven't goofed around like that in so long~.
Maya: We should take a little break. I would like to reapply some sunscreen as well.
Hina: Awww, let's keep playing~. We have plenty of time to rest~.
Lisa: I know how you feel, but... I could go for a break, honestly~.
Maya: For the time being, we should meet up with Tae-san and Toyama-san. They should have gone back by now.
Lisa: Right. We can figure out what to do after that.
Kasumi & Tae: ...
Lisa: Ah, there they are. Kasumi, Tae~... Wait, what's that?!
Maya: A sand castle, a sand mountain, and even a sand pyramid...
Hina: Ah, the roof of the castle is shaped like a rabbit! What are you guys making?
Tae: Hanazono Land. It's a paradise where we can live out our days surrounded by rabbits.
Maya: This is very impressive... Every piece is embellished with rabbits... I can easily sense your passion.
Kasumi: O-Tae and I did a lot of planning for this!
Tae: It is still far from complete. I would say we are only about halfway finished.
Lisa: So it's bound to be pretty big~.
Maya: I would like to help! We should all combine our efforts towards the completion of Hanazono Land!
Hina: If it's a rabbit paradise, then the residents will need some of their own, right? Leave it to me~.
Lisa: I'll help too.
Tae: Thank you so much! Let's make this into a wonderful utopia for all.
Hina: Alright, begin construction~!
