event170-05 Chapter 4: The Christmas Party Begins!

Ako's "Merry Christmas!" signals the start of the Christmas Party.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Day Of The Christmas Party]

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Ako: ... Time for a toast~...
Ako: Cheers~! Merry Christmas~!
Lisa: Merry Christmas!
Ako: Mhn~, our party's finally begun! What do you think, Yukina-san? Having fun?!
Yukina: So far, I feel the way I usually do.
Ako: What?!
Sayo: The party has barely begun, so it's only normal. It is too early to form an opinion yet.
Rinko: Ako-chan... maybe you should wait until later to ask...
Ako: A-alright... But just you wait, Yukina-san. This party is going to get way more fun!
Yukina: Okay.
Lisa: These are some sweet decorations~.
Lisa: I know we talked about doing something colorful, but I didn't think they'd turn out this nice.
Ako: You all got so many balloons, and the colors are great!
Lisa: And not only do we have a tree, but it has really cute ornaments too.
Sayo: Getting these kinds of decorations was Shirokane-san's idea. She had many suggestions when we were shopping.
Yukina: Thanks to her, we didn't have any trouble getting all the decorations we needed.
Rinko: I just happened to see an article... about Christmas decorations in a magazine...
Ako: Way to go, Rin-rin! But Lisa-nee and I aren't beat yet~.
Ako: Look at all these dishes! Lisa-nee and I worked really hard to make these~.
Lisa: From the left is a spinach quiche, followed by a salmon carpaccio, Caprese crostinis, and a shrimp gratin.
Lisa: And a pie will be coming out the oven soon☆
Sayo: This really is impressive. I wonder if we'll be able to finish it all.
Ako: Don't worry! It's Christmas, after all! And we also have this...
Ako: Ta-da~! French fries!
Sayo: ...!
Lisa: These are actually the fries Sayo likes from the restaurant we always go to.
Ako: We got plenty, so eat up!
Sayo: I-I didn't ask you to do that...
Sayo: But since you went to the trouble, I'll have some. It would be a shame to let them go to waste.
Ako: I'll get everyone a piece of the quiche. Let's see, there are five of us, so I'll cut five slices~...
Sayo: Udagawa-san, wait. If you try to guess how big the slices should be just by looking, you'll cut them unevenly.
Sayo: Use this app. It will tell you precisely where to cut.
Ako: W-we don't have to be that exact. I can cut all the slices roughly the same size...
Sayo: No, it's these kinds of things that we should do as accurately as possible. Hand me the knife. I will cut the quiche.
Sayo: One slice should be cut at a 72-degree angle...
Ako: Sayo-san~, let's start eating already~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Hour Later]

[Imai Residence - Garden]

Yukina: ...
Lisa: Yukina~♪ What are you doing away from the party?
Yukina: I am taking a break. The A/C has me feeling a little warm.
Lisa: Oh~. Yeah, being in a warm room can do that to you~. Mind... if I join you?
Yukina: Not at all. In fact, there is something I'd like to ask you.
Lisa: Oh, really?
Yukina: Before, you told me that I had changed.
Yukina: I have been thinking about it, but I still don't understand what you mean.
Yukina: Lisa, what part of me do you think is different?
Lisa: Well... Fufu.
Yukina: Be honest.
Lisa: Sorry, sorry. I'm not trying to tease you or anything...
Lisa: I just feel like all of this has become normal for you, and that makes me kinda happy.
Yukina: And what is that supposed to mean...?
Lisa: I was thinking of telling you, but I've changed my mind. Try giving it a little more thought♪
Yukina: Why must you be so difficult?
Lisa: Hmm~... I guess I want you to figure it out on your own.
Lisa: Especially this time. I think you'd be much happier if you realized it yourself rather than having someone spell it out for you☆
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Anyhoo, enjoy the Christmas party. I think that's the quickest way to find the answer you're looking for.
Yukina: Having fun at the party will help...?
Lisa: Why don't we go back in? I'm getting cold.
Yukina: (What does she mean? What does this party have to do with me changing...?)
