event170-07 Ending: Somewhere Along the Way

How does Yukina feel after the Christmas party with everyone...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After The Christmas Party]

[Downtown - Station Entrance]

Ako: Ahh~, that was so much fun~! Our Christmas party was a huge success, wasn't it?!
Lisa: It sure was. Today was awesome.
Rinko: Um... Imai-san, Yukina-san, thank you... for coming to the station with me...
Lisa: I wanted to hang with you all just a little bit more anyway, so don't sweat it☆
Sayo: It's beautiful here...
Sayo: I didn't notice these Christmas decorations on my way to the party.
Rinko: Everywhere you look, the city is sparkling... It's like the whole city is enveloped in light...
Yukina: Yes, it's strange to see but also quite magical.
Ako: Hey, Yukina-san! Do you remember what I said earlier?
Yukina: ...? What might that have been?
Ako: N-no forgetting~... You remember! I know you do! I said I'd tell you why Christmas is such a special day!
Yukina: Oh, you did say that, didn't you?
Ako: So, how do you feel after having a Christmas party? Did it make Christmas special for you?!
Yukina: I did enjoy Christmas thanks to the party.
Ako: Then, that means...!
Yukina: But I'm still not sure if I feel that Christmas is particularly special.
Ako: What~?! B-but...
Yukina: However, I did realize something important.
Ako: Huh? What...?
Yukina: When we were preparing for the party, Lisa told me that I had changed.
Yukina: At first, I assumed that she meant how overcoming many obstacles with Roselia has helped me grow.
Yukina: But Lisa told me that wasn't it... So I kept thinking about it.
Lisa: And what did you come to?
Yukina: Well... I have come to feel the presence of each of you within myself much more than I had realized.
Ako: ...? What do you mean?
Yukina: I began spending time with everyone outside of our band because I wanted to gain a deeper understanding of each of you.
Yukina: But there was still so much I did not understand about you all... At least, that's what I had thought...
Yukina: I soon realized that I had actually come to learn a great deal.
Lisa: Before, it just felt like you were quietly tagging along when we did stuff, but now you get involved more.
Rinko: That's right... When we were getting ready for the Christmas party... you suggested many things that we could do...
Ako: Now you have fun together with all of us!
Yukina: Perhaps that means I have come to understand you all better.
Yukina: How everyone thinks, acts, and what's important to each of you...
Yukina: I feel like I know these things now.
Sayo: But you weren't aware of that until recently.
Yukina: Yes. I had become so used to feeling this way that I never questioned it.
Yukina: It's strange. I thought that the only person I could understand like this was Lisa.
Yukina: Who would have thought that I would be able to know all of you in this way...?
Ako: Yukina-san...
Ako: I'm so happy! Happy that, today, we could have such a good time with you, Yukina-san!
Ako: This has been hands down the bestest Christmas ever!!
Yukina: ... Yeah. If you hadn't suggested that we have a Christmas party, I don't think I would have realized how I've changed.
Yukina: I'm still not sure whether or not I feel Christmas is special, but for me, this day has been very special.
Yukina: I am glad I could spend today with everyone... I truly mean it.
(White cut)
Rinko: Ah...
Sayo: Snow...
Ako: Wow, it's so pretty...
Lisa: It's a white Christmas~. Fufu. Now today feels even more magical♪
Ako: Ah, look! There's a Christmas tree lit up over there...!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan... it's not safe to run around like that...
Sayo: Unbelievable... Udagawa-san, Shirokane-san, you're causing a scene.
Lisa: A Christmas party, light displays, snow... It's just like Ako said. Today's been the bestest Christmas ever☆
Yukina: Yes... One I will never forget.
Yukina: ... Merry Christmas.
(White cut)
