event170-03 Chapter 2: Taking Time to Chat for Once

Yukina, Sayo, and Rinko see the Christmas atmosphere and go down memory lane.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Station Entrance]

Yukina: Sayo and Rinko... should be waiting in front of the ticket gate...
Sayo: Minato-san, over here.
Rinko: Good morning...
Yukina: Good morning. It looks like I've kept you waiting.
Sayo: No, we just arrived too. Well, let's start shopping for the party decorations.
(Black cut)
Yukina: As expected, it's crowded on the weekends.
Rinko: Yes... There are so many people at this shopping mall...
Yukina: ... Hrm?
Yukina: Was there a fir tree there the last time we came?
Sayo: It's almost Christmas, so many places in the city have holiday decorations.
Yukina: Oh. I had been wondering why there seemed to be so many decorations everywhere.
Rinko: I think that fir tree lights up at night. It must look very beautiful...
Yukina: ...
Sayo: Minato-san...? What's the matter?
Yukina: Nothing. It's just been a while since I have taken the time to really notice city Christmas decorations.
Yukina: Christmas doesn't mean much to me, but it is nice to see how the city changes when it comes around.
Yukina: The city seems both lively and solemn at the same time. It's a strange feeling.
Rinko: I think I know what you mean... There's something different about Christmas...
Rinko: It's as if something is tugging at your heart, but it's also very comforting... That's how Christmas makes me feel.
Sayo: You know, it's been some time since we've met like this where it wasn't band-related.
Rinko: Yes... we've all been busy lately...
Yukina: I think the outing I remember most is when we all went to that water park.
Yukina: I remember... watching everyone. I wanted to learn more about each of you.
Yukina: However, I cannot say that I learned much more than I already knew.
Sayo: Right, that did happen.
Yukina: But we spent time together, and we all spoke openly with each other.
Yukina: And that helped us grow closer and the band grow stronger... At least, that's what I think, anyway.
Rinko: Yes... I think you're right... We've changed since then...
Yukina: Yes, we have...
Yukina: (But Lisa said it wasn't that kind of change...)
Yukina: (... What did she mean? I still don't understand.)
Sayo: Well, shall we get going? We met up today to buy party decorations, not stand around and talk.
Rinko: Okay... Ako-chan and Imai-san... are working on making the cake today, right...?
Yukina: Yes, they should be starting now... I'm glad Ako isn't in charge of handling the decorations.
Rinko: Why do you say that...?
Yukina: If she saw these decorations in front of the station, she'd want to do something like this for the party.
Rinko: Fufu... After we talked about the party last time, she sent so many messages about party ideas to our group chat...
Sayo: I was surprised when I learned she was planning to get all those things for the party.
Sayo: Before she could, though, Minato-san told her to wait. You understand Udagawa-san well, don't you, Minato-san?
Yukina: We all know how Ako likes to buy far too many snacks when we stop by the convenience store after rehearsals.
Sayo: That we do. And how she usually ends up sharing all of those snacks with Tomoe-san.
Sayo: ... Udagawa-san is a pretty straightforward person. If there's something she wants to do, she'll try to do it.
Yukina: Yes, she will.
Yukina: That's why I assumed she would try to do everything she suggested about the party decorations.
Sayo: That makes sense. When you think about it that way, Udagawa-san isn't that hard to read.
Rinko: Fufu... We have gotten sidetracked again...
Sayo: Ah... I'm sorry. And I was the one who told us to stop wasting time standing around...
Yukina: I think it is fine. It is the weekend, so we have plenty of time to shop.
Sayo: Are you sure? Well, if you and Shirokane-san don't mind, then neither do I...
Rinko: I don't mind at all...
