event170-02 Chapter 1: Party Ideas

While discussing the party, Lisa notices a change in Yukina and...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Ako: Let's start planning Roselia's first ever Christmas party!
Sayo: "First"...? How many of these do you plan on having?
Ako: I'm just having fun! Saying that makes our party feel like it's going to be even more exciting!
Lisa: Ahaha. Sounds like you're really fired up~.
Ako: Roselia's throwing its very own Christmas party! How could I not be?!
Rinko: You were talking about Christmas all through yesterday's rehearsal too...
Yukina: Yes, it was Christmas this and Christmas that. You really like this time of year, don't you, Ako?
Ako: You bet I do~. Christmas is a special day!
Yukina: It is? ... How so?
Ako: ...? It just is! Don't you think Christmas is special?!
Yukina: I'm aware that some events take place on Christmas Day, but it's never felt particularly significant to me.
Ako: What~?! Christmas Day is special for everyone~!
Yukina: ...? What makes it so special?
Ako: Huh...? Well, umm...
Ako: It's like things are different than usual. The streets are filled with Christmas spirit... The people too...
Yukina: ... I do not understand.
Ako: W-well... it's got this feeling to it, but I don't know how to describe it...
Ako: B-but... I think you'll understand if we spend Christmas together!
Ako: I'm going to make sure you have the funnest Christmas party ever! That way, you'll see why Christmas Day is so magical!
Yukina: I'm not really all that interested, to be honest...
Ako: What?! Don't say that~!
Lisa: Fufu... If we're gonna throw the "funnest Christmas party ever," then we'd better start coming up with party ideas.
Ako: Yeah!
Lisa: Okay, I'll go first~. I wanna put up decorations.
Ako: Great idea~! I want to fill the room with tons of colorful sparkly decorations!
Lisa: Nice~. That'll totally make the party fun!
Lisa: You all wanna look for Christmas decorations at the mall tomorrow?
Yukina: Don't you think we're skipping a step?
Yukina: I think it would help Sayo and me if we had some time to check a few things before we went shopping.
Sayo: Yes, we should make certain that the mall is indeed the best place to shop for party goods.
Ako: Th-that's what you want to do first?
Sayo: Of course. There may be a more suitable place to shop rather than the mall.
Lisa: Hmm~, guess we can shop the next time we're all free, then.
Sayo: And as part of our preparations, we should decide on who will do what.
Sayo: Parties need food. I think Imai-san should be in charge of that.
Rinko: Yes... Imai-san is the best cook in Roselia...
Lisa: I guess I am. I'll do it. Get your stomachs ready for some amazing grub!
Lisa: Ah, but it'll be a big job for me to take on by myself... Hate to ask, but would someone lend me a hand?
Ako: No problem~! I'll help!
Sayo: You will?
Ako: Remember when we spent the night at Lisa-nee's place?
Ako: I helped her cook. I had so much fun that I'd been hoping I'd get another chance to cook with her!
Lisa: Thanks~. Alrighty~, then! You and I can handle the food☆
Ako: Okay!
Sayo: Minato-san, Shirokane-san, and I will take care of the party decorations.
Lisa: It might be good to have things like a tablecloth and napkins for the party too...
Lisa: I have some at home, but they're not very Christmassy.
Sayo: Okay, we'll look for those too.
Yukina: How about we get those things at the general store that Rinko, Lisa, and I went to once after band rehearsal?
Yukina: It should have the kinds of things Lisa mentioned. Also, it never seems very busy, so Rinko should feel comfortable going there too.
Rinko: Yes... I'm not good with crowded places... but that store is okay...
Lisa: Good point. That place would work better for Rinko if you're gonna be out shopping for a while.
Rinko: I'm sorry... for making things difficult...
Sayo: There's no need to make this stressful. I think going to that store will be fine.
Ako: Oh, right! We've got to talk about games!
Ako: Um, so about what games we could play at our party...
(Black cut)
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. You've kinda changed.
Yukina: What do you mean?
Lisa: Exactly what I said.
Yukina: ... I still don't follow you. But I do believe that we've all grown with the band.
Yukina: I suppose when you think of it that way, it's only natural to feel that we've each changed somewhat.
Lisa: Hmm~, that's not quite what I meant~.
Yukina: ...?
Ako: Lisa-nee, Yukina-san~! Are you listening to me~?!
Lisa: Sorry. What were you talking about?
Ako: Well, I want to be in charge of planning the game for the party...
Yukina: (I've changed...?)
Yukina: (What kind of "change" could Lisa mean...?)
