event170-04 Chapter 3: Christmas Is a "Special Day"

Lisa listens to Ako while the two bake a Christmas cake together.

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Ako: Hello~! Lisa-nee, I'm here~!
Lisa: Hey, Ako. It's cold out, isn't it?
Ako: Yeah... it's freezing today~!
Lisa: It's supposed to snow this week, so maybe that's why. Gimme your coat. I'll hang it up.
Lisa: I'll get you something warm to drink too~. You cool with hot cocoa?
Ako: Thanks, Lisa-nee~!
Ako: But instead of sitting down for a hot drink, I'm really itching to start making the cake.
Ako: I want to make the biggest, bestest Christmas cake ever!
Lisa: Alrighty then, let's get to it~.
Ako: Great! Thanks for letting me do this with you!
Ako: Oh, hey, I drew a picture of the kind of cake I want to make.
Lisa: Really? Lemme see~.
Ako: Ta-da~! What do you think? Isn't it the coolest cake you've ever seen?!
Lisa: Uhh... Are those wings on the side of the cake?
Ako: They're vampire wings! They're from one of the strongest baddies in NFO!
Lisa: And what's this sticking up in the middle of the cake...?
Ako: It's the new scythe I got in NFO! It's this amazing weapon that can cut through anything~.
Lisa: You don't say~.
Lisa: ... Sigh~, Ako? Making a cake that looks like this would be pretty tough.
Ako: Really~?!
Lisa: You'd have to be a pro to make something like this. Besides, we don't have enough ingredients to even try... Not to mention, this doesn't really scream Christmas~.
Ako: Ohh, okay...
Lisa: Let's save this cake for next time, and today, we'll try making a good ol' strawberry shortcake.
Lisa: We can make it so good that the others won't believe their eyes☆
Ako: Oh, that sounds good! I'll do my best!
Lisa: Let's wash our hands and get started, then.
Ako: Yay~!
(Black cut)
Ako: Umm~, I beat the eggs~... and then add the sugar~...
Lisa: Looking good♪ You're doing great, Ako.
Ako: Ehehe... I took a look at a cake recipe book yesterday~. I remember the key steps~.
Ako: The most important thing is cooking with lots of love! If we try our best, then we'll make a super yummy cake!
Lisa: Got that right. The girls are gonna love it.
Ako: Ehehe... I hope so~.
Ako: I love Roselia so much, so I want us to have an amazing Christmas party.
Ako: I have to make sure everyone has lots and lots of fun!
Lisa: I know exactly how you feel~. Christmas just kind of does that to you.
Ako: It does! You start thinking a lot about others... and want to get them presents!
Ako: Should I give them this or that~? What would make them really happy~? You think about all that stuff.
Lisa: Yup. Just like how we're trying to make food for the party that'll make everyone happy.
Ako: Everyone is thinking about each other and having fun together...
Ako: It really warms you up inside and makes you feel good all over...
Ako: That's what Christmas time is like, and that's why I'm super-duper happy to be spending it with Roselia!
Lisa: Fufu. Isn't that what you were trying to tell Yukina when you were talking about why Christmas is so special?
Ako: ...! Oh yeah! That's what I meant by Christmas being a special day!
Ako: Sigh~... I wish I would've explained it to Yukina-san like that~.
Lisa: Talking to you about this is getting me even more hyped for the party.
Ako: Really?!
Lisa: Really. And I think Rinko and Sayo are feeling the same way~.
Ako: What about Yukina-san? I wonder if she's excited for the party too.
Lisa: Yukina's... Hmm~. She's probably lukewarm about the whole thing. I don't think she hates the idea, but I don't think she loves it either...
Ako: Oh... Well, I hope she'll like the Christmas party~.
Lisa: Whoa, what did you just say? You "hope"? What happened to making this "the funnest Christmas party ever"?
Ako: Huh?
Lisa: Weren't you gonna pack so much holiday fun into this party that Yukina would finally understand how special Christmas is.
Ako: Yeah~, but... now I'm not so sure we can really make her feel that way~...
Ako: And before, I couldn't even explain what makes Christmas special...
Ako: Ah... but I can try again when I see her!
Lisa: You could, but I think your plan of using the party to help her understand how special Christmas is will work, don't you?
Lisa: If you talked to her now, she'd probably get it. But I feel like experiencing the party would help her understand way more than words ever would.
Ako: Oh... I think you're right.
Ako: We'll all exchange the special gifts we've chosen for each other and enjoy the food we've made with love...
Ako: We're going to have an amazing time together! I just know it...!
Lisa: And that's why we've gotta give this cooking all we've got♪
Lisa: Now, let's get back to making that cake.
Ako: Alright~, let's do this~!
