event170-01 Opening: Christmas Means...?

As Christmas nears, Ako makes a suggestion to the other members...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... Those were all the songs we needed to go through. A few minor areas need improvement, but overall everything came together well.
Yukina: Let's iron out those wrinkles before the next rehearsal. Nice work today, everyone.
Ako: You too! Mhn~, today's practice was so much fun~.
Lisa: Fufu. It sure was~. You were killing it, Ako.
Ako: I know, right? Another Daily Quest bested with finesse!
Lisa: What's a "Daily Quest"?
Rinko: It's when Ako plays a cool arrangement before the chorus... Isn't it...?
Ako: Yep! I wanted to try out this awesome drum beat I came up with yesterday!
Sayo: I think it's good to experiment in our rehearsals. We want to explore every possibility with the songs we're practicing.
Sayo: That said, we mustn't focus so much on that that other areas of our songs begin to suffer.
Ako: Of course! Next practice, I'm going to play my drum parts even better!
Yukina: Good, I'm looking forward to it.
Lisa: Guess we should start packing up. Ah, you know, the café outside has a new Christmas menu.
Lisa: Marina-san said the strawberry tart is to die for. Wanna drop by on our way home?
Ako: Really? Count me in! I'm going to get some hot cocoa too~.
Sayo: A Christmas menu, huh...? It's that time again already. The months have been passing by so quickly...
Rinko: That is a sign that we have been practicing hard every day...
Ako: Wow~, Christmas is nearly here~... Hey, Lisa-nee, are you free next weekend?
Lisa: Next weekend...? I've got nothing lined up so far...
Ako: Really?! How about everyone else? Rin-rin?
Rinko: I don't have anything special planned...
Sayo: I have somewhere to be in the morning, but after that, I was just going to return home.
Yukina: I wasn't planning anything either. Why do you ask?
Ako: Perfect~! Let's have a Christmas party!
Sayo: A Christmas...
Yukina: ... Party?
Lisa: I like the sound of that~☆ A party could be a great way to relax after all the practice we've been doing.
Ako: That's what I was thinking too! I was talking to Kasumi the other day, and she said that Poppin'Party is having a Christmas party!
Ako: And they're doing everything themselves! The shopping, the cooking, they're even making decorations!
Lisa: Wow, so they're making everything from scratch. That's gonna be a lot of work~.
Ako: I got so jealous when I heard what they were doing! Roselia should have a Christmas party too!
Ako: So, can we?! Please say yes!
Lisa: I'm cool with that... How about everybody else?
Rinko: If Roselia did it together... I think we all would have a nice time...
Sayo: I'm free in the afternoon, so I'm okay with it...
Yukina: Must we go through the trouble of preparing everything ourselves, though? The main part of a Christmas party is the food, is it not?
Yukina: We could just choose a restaurant to go to.
Ako: N-no way! Preparing for the party together is half the fun!
Yukina: ...? And why is that?
Ako: Because... the best kinds of parties are the ones we plan together... So, uhh... we should, umm...
Lisa: I think I know what Ako's getting at.
Lisa: It's fun to talk about different ideas and then try them together.
Ako: Lisa-nee~! Yeah, that's it! That's what I wanted to say!
Rinko: I think I can understand... It's like when the student council is going to have an event, and all the members work together to prepare for it...
Yukina: I don't think preparing for a party is the same as preparing for a student council event... But I see what you are saying.
Ako: So that means...?!
Yukina: Yes, I'm fine with us having a party. Just make sure it doesn't interfere with our rehearsals.
Ako: Yay~! Thank you so much, Yukina-san!
Ako: Next time we meet up, we should talk about party ideas!
Lisa: Fufu. I'm starting to get excited. Maybe I'll make us a Christmas cake~.
Ako: ...! I'll help! I wanna make the best Christmas cake ever!
Lisa: Alrighty, then. Should we make it together?
Ako: Yeah! What kind of party decorations should we have~? We've gotta make it the coolest Christmas party~!
Sayo: We really should start gathering our things. Our studio time is nearly over.
Ako: Roger~!
