event170-06 Chapter 5: Defeat the Dragon in the Castle!

Yukina enjoys the party and comes to realize how she's changed.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Living Room]

Ako: Now, let's start game time!
Sayo: What? ... Oh, right, you did say you were going to prepare a game.
Ako: I sure did! I've brought the greatest game ever. We're going to have a blast!
Lisa: Wow~, what kind of game did you bring~?
Yukina: Yes, you've piqued my interest.
Ako: Ehehe... Okay, here I go!
Ako: It is a magic item from the farthest depths of the abyss. Hear my voice and awaken, NFO Board Game!
Rinko: ...! Ako-chan, that's...
Lisa: Whoa, NFO even has a board game~.
Rinko: It came out a while ago... but it was hard to find because it was so popular... Many consider it to be a very rare board game...
Rinko: This is my first time seeing one in person...
Lisa: It's that hard to get, huh? It's great you found one~.
Ako: It popped up on the NFO online shop out of nowhere!
Ako: I just knew this was the game we had to play at our Christmas party, so I ordered it right away~.
Sayo: Are the rules of the board game different than the online version?
Rinko: Well... we still need to work together to fight and advance through the game...
Rinko: You roll the dice, and depending on the board space you go to, you receive different items and armor... Then, you gain skills and magic, and you defeat monsters...
Rinko: There are even monsters that can only be beaten if all the players work together...
Rinko: We will need to gather on the same board spaces... which means we must roll the dice carefully. This is a game of luck and strategy...
Lisa: Even though you've never played this, you sure seem to know a lot about it, Rinko...
Yukina: It seems as if we will need to defeat the dragon that has claimed the king's castle.
Sayo: We should read the rules thoroughly before playing. After listening to Shirokane-san, I think we'll need a good strategy to win this game.
Rinko: Yes... I agree with Hikawa-san...
Ako: Whoa, sounds like you're all excited about the game!
Ako: It might not be the online version, but I'll still show you just how good my teamwork skills are with this board game~!
(Black cut)

[One Hour Later]

Ako: Mhn~... Here I go~!
Lisa: Boom! And the dice says~... Argh~, it's three...
Rinko: The Dragon attacks with "Fire Breath"...
Ako: Ugh, if I'd rolled an even number, it would've been my turn to attack~! If we take another hit, we'll lose~!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan, I'm sorry... I should've cast a defensive magic spell on my last turn...
Lisa: Things are looking pretty bad for us~. If Yukina and Sayo can land on the same space, though, we might be able to turn this around...
Sayo: I'm sorry. I keep rolling ones...
Yukina: For some reason, I am only getting threes. I've barely made any progress toward the castle.
Rinko: You both are more than twelve spaces from the castle... And since Hikawa-san is a royal knight and Yukina-san is a bard, neither can move more than five spaces at a time...
Ako: That means... Aww~, we're done for~!
Yukina: Wait. Look at the space three moves ahead of me.
Ako: That would be... Ah!
Ako: It says if a bard lands there, they can use "Invincible Song"!
Yukina: Doesn't "Invincible Song" protect all party members from enemy damage for a short time?
Sayo: And it's a Special Skill, which means there's no restriction on its range.
Yukina: I'm next to roll the dice after Ako. If I can roll a three...
Yukina: We can make a comeback.
Ako: Y-Yukina-san~!
Yukina: I can do this. I know how to roll a three.
Lisa: You got this, Yukina...!
Yukina: That I do... Here I go.
Ako, Lisa, Sayo & Rinko: ...!
Ako: The dice landed on... three! Yay~! Here comes the "Invincible Song"~!
Rinko: When "Invincible Song" is activated, party members can move twice as far... Let's all go to the castle and attack the dragon...
Yukina: It seems I was able to contribute to the team.
Ako: "Seems"~? That was perfect! As always, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Really...? Well, I'm glad things worked out.
Sayo: Now it's my turn. This roll is going to take me all the way to the castle! Here I go...!
Sayo: O-one again?! But how...?!
Lisa: Ahaha...
(Black cut)
Ako: Yay~! We cleared the NFO board game~!
Sayo: We cut it pretty close there at the end. I thought we were finished for sure when the dragon revived all of its HP...
Rinko: Thankfully, Yukina-san activated "Invincible Song" again...
Yukina: I can't believe that I was able to move to another space that let me use it. I'm just glad we were able to finish the game.
Lisa: Want some tea? All this excitement has worn me out. I'll go put the kettle on~.
Sayo: Anyhow... isn't this peculiar?
Yukina: What is?
Sayo: The five of us spending time together like this outside of our music.
Sayo: In the beginning, you and I never tried to get involved with the other band members if it didn't concern music.
Lisa: Somewhere along the way, we all started hanging out more outside of band stuff.
Rinko: Yes... I'm glad this has happened...
Ako: Yukina-san's been doing more things with us, but when she first started spending time with us, I don't think she had much fun.
Yukina: I started spending more time with everyone outside of our band because I wanted to get to know everyone better...
Yukina: You were all interested in different things, but I couldn't understand why.
Sayo: And now we can all just enjoy spending time together like this. We've come a long way.
Yukina: ...!
Yukina: (And now we can all enjoy spending time together like this...)
Sayo: Minato-san?
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (I see... Now I understand...)
Yukina: (Perhaps I... may have changed.)
