event29-07 Ending: What a Smile Attracts

Eve's hunt for her bag is successful. At the same time, Maya realizes something...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shrine - Inner Grounds]

Kokoro: The treasure hunt was so much fun today!
Misaki: You had the time of your life, huh Kokoro...? But in any case, it's great the pouch turned up.
Eve: Yes! I will hold it tightly so that I never lose it again!
Maya: Eve-san lost her pouch. Tsurumaki-san was the reason we found the pouch. I guess this means the fortune slips really do have some kind of power.
Misaki: True... I didn't really believe in that kind of thing, but I almost feel like my opinion is about to change.
Eve: The good-luck charms were really powerful too! I think this shrine is a real place of power...
Maya: Now that you mention it, we learned that someone had found the pouch the moment you were given the lucky charms, didn't we?
Eve: Ako-san, Rinko-san... It's all because you bought those charms for me. Thank you so much!
Rinko: I-I'm... glad we could help...
Ako: Yeah! If they've got so much amazing power, we'd better buy some for ourselves too!
Eve: But most of all... thank you so much for trying so hard to find my pouch, everyone!
Misaki: Wakamiya-san... Kokoro didn't cause any trouble for you, did she...?
Eve: N-no, she did nothing like that! Kokoro-san stayed smiling the whole time, which is why I could stay positive!
Kokoro: That's good to hear! Smiles are what make people happy!
Eve: Also, thanks to Kokoro-san I was able to experience lots of different things!
Kokoro: That's right! Eve and I made mochi and flew a kite! It was really fun!
Misaki: Only hearing that part makes me wonder if she actually searched for the pouch at all...
Eve: Kokoro-san searched with me!
Maya: Flying a kite and making mochi while you searched for your pouch... It kind of feels like you had a really Japanese-kind-of New Years Day...
Maya: ... Hm? Fortune slips, visiting a shrine... Making mochi and flying a kite...
Maya: And topping it off by getting a tour of the main hall of the shrine...
Eve: Maya-san? What is it?
Maya: Eve-san... You said your New Years resolution was to learn more about Japanese culture, right?
Eve: Yes, that's what I said when we were filming! I also said I want to become better friends with everyone... Why do you ask?
Maya: Don't you think that you've already achieved those things in just one day today?
Eve: ... Oh! You might be right! I've already learned lots of new things about Japanese culture today!
Maya: And the part about becoming better friends with everyone...
Eve: ... Ah! Th-that might be the case as well!
Misaki: Ahaha. You found your pouch, fulfilled your resolutions... All good things.
Kokoro: It was so much fun spending time with Eve! I want to do it again!
Ako: Me too me too~!  Right, Rin-rin~?
Rinko: Y-yes... It was... really fun... spending time with everyone...
Eve: Everyone...! Me too! It was really fun being able to talk about so many things together!
Eve: How strange... In just one day... I was able to achieve so many of my resolutions!
Eve: My fortune slip said great misfortune, but it turned out to be a wonderful day!
Eve: Hmm...? Do you think it's possible that my great misfortune is why we could become closer...?
Maya: It's possible... Now that I think about, you wouldn't have experienced any of those things is you hadn't drawn the great misfortune.
Eve: In that case... I'm glad that I had great misfortune!
Misaki: You do realize you're starting to sound like Kokoro, don't you?!
Eve: Yes, spending time with Kokoro-san got me thinking! Anything can be good or bad. It just depends on how you look at it!
Eve: That's why even if you draw great misfortune, you can still have lots of fun as long as you look at it as a way to experience many things!
Kokoro: Nice smile, Eve! That's a lovely way of thinking!
Kokoro: Now that we've finished our treasure hunt, let's go pray at the shrine!
Ako: Yeah! I'm in~!
Eve: Me too! Let's go, everyone!
Eve: ... Kya!
Eve: I-I'm sorry... I tripped over again...
Rinko: Oh, the strap of your zori sandals... broke again...
Ako: Th-the curse of the great misfortune strikes again?!
Eve: ... Huh? I think I just saw something shining on the ground...
Maya: What's the matter, Eve-san?
Eve: Umm... I found this on the ground... Is it... a contact lense...?
Ako: ... Ah! Isn't that the one Maya-san lost earlier?!
Maya: What? Do you think it could be mine? Let me take a quick look...
Maya: It is! This is mine! It's not damaged in any way either! Eve-san, this is amazing!
Eve: Wow...! Is that really yours?!
Eve: I found it because the strap of sandals broke... Is this because of my great misfortune as well...?
Kokoro: It's because of everyone's smiles! Smiling attracts lots of good things! People, happiness, pouches... and contact lenses!
Eve: Fufu! I have a feeling this is going to be a wonderful year!
