event29-01 Opening: The Kimono Five

New Year's Day. Kokoro and Misaki are at a shrine for Hatsumode when they run into some familiar faces...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Residential Area]

Kokoro: Misaki~! Over here~!
Misaki: Okay, okay, I can hear you from here, no need to shout.
Kokoro: Happy new year, Misaki! Here's to another happy year!
Misaki: Yeah, happy new year. Another year indeed.
Misaki: I have to say... You really went all out this year, huh Kokoro?
Kokoro: Of course! I always go all out for everything and anything!
Misaki: Uh, I wasn't talking about your mindset... I meant your kimono.
Kokoro: Oh! I said I wanted to visit a shrine on New Years day, so the people in the black suits dressed me up!
Misaki: Ahh, makes sense...
Kokoro: Kimonos are really lovely, aren't they? We should get Michelle to wear one sometime! I'm sure it will look really good on her!
Misaki: I-I'm not entirely sure about that...
Kokoro: Oh, that's right! Misaki! I had an amazingly mysterious dream!
Misaki: Ahh, the first dream of the year thing? What was it about?
Kokoro: I dreamed about everyone in Hello, Happy World! climbing Mt. Fuji together, getting on the back of a hawk and then flying around the world showering everyone with eggplants!
Kokoro: I wonder why I dreamed of something like that. It was really fascinating!
Misaki: Hey, that's way more than just fascinating! Honestly, I'm surprised there are even people who have dreams like that...
Kokoro: Really? Anyway, it was really fun, so I think we should try it sometime!
Misaki: Uh, yeah, sure, we'll consider it. Well, why don't we head to the shrine now?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Misaki: I thought there'd be less people since it's so cold, but... man, I sure was wrong...
Kokoro: Yeah! There's almost as many people here as there was at our party!
Misaki: Just how big do the parties at the Tsurumaki residence get...?
Kokoro: Oh! Ako and Rinko are over there! Let's go!
Ako: Ah, it's Kokoro and Misaki~! Happy New Year~!
Rinko: Happy... New Year...
Kokoro: You too, Ako, Rinko! Your kimonos are so cute!
Ako: Heh heh heh, they totally are, right~? My big sis helped me pick mine!
Rinko: M-my kimono... really isn't anything... special...
Ako: Ohh, stop saying that Rin-rin~! I've been telling you that you look cute all day~!
Rinko: Th-that's not... I mean, it's embarrassing, so...
Kokoro: Why do you feel embarrassed? Your kimono looks wonderful on you, Rinko!
Rinko: Ah... u-umm... thank you...
Misaki: Are you two about to head into the shrine?
Rinko: Oh, yes... Ako-chan and I... decided that we'd... go together...
Ako: Yeah, and also because my sister is working as a shrine maiden this year!
Misaki: Oh, Udagawa-san is a shrine maiden? That's kind of surprising...
Kokoro: I'm sure she'll look wonderful! I want to see her too!
Kokoro: I know! We're all here, so why don't we visit the shrine together?
Ako: Yay, that sounds fun! I'm in!
Misaki: I don't mind, but... will you be okay, Rinko-senpai? I have a feeling that things are going to get pretty lively since Kokoro is here...
Rinko: I-I'll be... okay... Ako-chan... already looks happy, after all...
Kokoro: Okay, then we're decided! Yeah! I'm already getting excited!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine - Entry Path]

Eve: Thank you for your time! Phew...
Maya: There's a lot of people here, so it's hard work trying to interview them all! But, we have to keep at it!
Maya: We've heard about lots of peoples' New Years resolutions, but how about you, Eve-san? Do you have one?
Eve: I have many! First of all, I want to meet more people than I did last year, and become better friends with everyone.
Eve: I also want to learn more about Japanese culture, master bushido, and become a proud samurai... Ohh, I have too many things to tell you!
Maya: Ahaha~, that's so like you, Eve-san! I think they are wonderful ideas! I hope you can achieve them!
Eve: I'll do my best! Daily devotion!
Eve: Oh, the staff are calling us... I wonder what is going on.
Maya: It seems like there's something happening over there and they want us to interview someone... Let's get moving!
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Okay, next I'll do a backflip! Watch carefully, everyone!
Ako: Wow~! Kokoro's amazing!
Misaki: Ugh, c'mon... Cut it out before you break something.
Maya: I-is that...?
Eve: It's Kokoro-san and the others! It's amazing she can move like that in a kimono! I wonder if I'll be able to do that when I master bushido!
Maya: Th-that might be harder than you think...
Maya: So that's who we have to interview...! It's going to be hard just pushing through that crowd...
Eve: But I am sure Kokoro-san and the others will have some great New Years resolutions for us! Let's go, Maya-san!
