event238-01 Opening: Student Council Temp

LOCK and the student council attempt to quell the chaos at the cafeteria...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

LOCK (Rokka): N-no pushing, please~! Please wait for your turn~!
Student A: I want a fluffy chestnut cream bun, please!
Student B: Me too! I'm totally getting one this time!
Student C: H-hey, don't push me~! I can't breathe~!
Ako: Whoa~, there's so many people! Is everyone rushing in just to get their hands on the fluffy chestnut cream bun?!
Asuka: Rokka said the newly released bread is popular, so it's like a battlefield during lunch break. She's right.
Ako: Where is Rokka~? I heard the student council is managing the lines... Oh, there she is!
LOCK (Rokka): Please don't push each other and line up here~! Form two lines, pleas- Ahhh~!
Ako: Oh no, she's getting swept away by the crowd! We've gotta save her-
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, grab onto me! I'll pull you out... There we go!
LOCK (Rokka): Phew, y-you saved me...! I'm so sorry, Tsugumi-senpai. Thank you so much.
Ako: Rokka~~! Are you okay?! Did you get hurt?
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan! Asuka-chan! I'm alright. But managing the lines seems impossible at this rate...
Tsugumi: Take a break here, Rokka-chan. Leave the rest to me!
LOCK (Rokka): But...!
Tsugumi: Everyone~! Please line up before buying! Students who don't line up don't deserve to buy anything! Line up slowly without pushing each other, please~!
Student B: Oh, we have to line up. The end of the line is over there. Let's go!
Ako: Wow, lines are starting to form! That's our student council president~.
LOCK (Rokka): ... At this rate, I'm still...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

LOCK (Rokka): Sigh~...
Ako: Rokka, don't be so down! The lines got under control by the end.
LOCK (Rokka): But that's all thanks to Tsugumi-senpai... I wasn't helpful at all...
Asuka: Come on, you helped out after that, didn't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Helping out isn't enough. It's been some time since I joined the student council, but...
LOCK (Rokka): With how things are going, I'll always be a temporary student council member...
Ako: Temporary? You said something like that before, right...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. Just like when I joined RAS, I don't feel like a proper member of the student council yet. I still can't do tasks properly.
Asuka: That's not true at all. You handled a lot of paperwork the other day. You're working really hard at what you can do.
Ako: Yeah, Tsugu-chin even said you were a big help. Have some confidence!
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan, Asuka-chan... Thank you.
LOCK (Rokka): But I don't want it to keep being this way after all. I want to be a student council member students can depend on.
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I'll work even harder at today's student council meeting! I can't be a temporary member anymore!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Tsugumi: ... First, let's look at the submissions we received in the suggestion box!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, there's more of them compared to last time. Maybe because it's been a while since we had a schoolwide survey.
Tsugumi: Probably. The social media account for Haneoka's student council gathers some feedback, but lots of students send submissions to the suggestion box as if they're letters!
LOCK (Rokka): We received feedback from even more students because of it! ... As expected, a lot of the submissions in the suggestion box are about the fluffy chestnut cream buns.
Council Member A: There's a submission thanking us for managing the lines, but it seems most of the students didn't get to buy the bread~...
Tsugumi: Yeah. Let's make that our next topic! I wonder what the other submissions say.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, there's this one... "Why did the painting that used to be at the entrance disappear?"
LOCK (Rokka): I liked that painting ever since I entered the school and saw it for the first time, so it's a little sad to see just an empty wall. Please hang it there again if possible.
Tsugumi: It's the one of a flying bird, right?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, it's a beautiful painting with vibrant colors... Speaking of which, I don't think I saw it this morning.
Council Member B: It's been gone since around last week, right? I asked the teachers since I was curious, but they said they didn't know where it was or why it was taken down.
Tsugumi: Wait, even the teachers didn't know...? Where did it go then?
Council Member C: Umm... Are the student council members supposed to look for it? Displayed items are managed by the teachers, so we could ask them to look for it instead.
Tsugumi: Mmm~... They seem to be busy preparing for the routine exam, so it might be hard right now.
LOCK (Rokka): Umm, why don't we try searching a little? The student who sent the submission did say they wanted it displayed again.
Council Member B: Even if we do find it, there's no guarantee we can put it back... There's probably a reason why it was taken down...
Tsugumi: A reason... Oh, then we could tell that student why the painting was taken down, then.
Council Members: Huh?
Tsugumi: I'm sure they must really treasure that painting, considering they sent a submission in the suggestion box.
Tsugumi: In that case, as part of the student council, I wanna at least find out and tell them where the painting went and why it's gone.
Tsugumi: Depending on the reason, we could ask to have it displayed again... There may be other things we can do!
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai...
Tsugumi: I'll ask the teachers from my end! If I find something out, let's discuss it again.
LOCK (Rokka): ... U-umm! Can I help you too?!
Tsugumi: Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): I want to look for it too! There has to be more I can do as part of the student council...
LOCK (Rokka): So, please let me help!
Tsugumi: ... Okay, we can do it together then. Let's do our best, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, I'll give it my all!
