event238-05 Chapter 4: Unsolvable?

Tsugumi and LOCK encounter Hanasakigawa's student council duo...

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Downtown]

Misaki: Mmm~, we're finally done... I didn't think there'd be so many documents to organize... Ichigaya-san, thanks for helping out until this late.
Arisa: No, no. I should be thanking you. We can get some rest for now.
Misaki: Yeah. It's like Hanasakigawa's student council is finally at peace.
Arisa: You're gonna jinx it if you say that, you know? Tsurumaki-san and Kasumi are gonna barge into the student council room and say, "We thought of a great idea!"
Misaki: No, no! I don't wanna hear or think about it.
Arisa: Hahaha. Wait, is that Hazawa-san and LOCK over there?
Misaki: Oh yeah. Hey~, the two Haneoka student council members!
Tsugumi: Oh, Misaki-chan and Arisa-chan! Did you have student council work too?
Arisa: Hang on, why are you two covered in dust? Were you preparing for an event...?
Tsugumi: Well, you see... It's about the entrance painting that we talked about before...
(Black cut)
Misaki: So, basically... To find out where the painting went, you made a drink for the tennis club, falsely accused the Udagawa sisters, and then got covered in confetti in the storage room?
Arisa: That wouldn't normally happen when looking for a painting, right...?
LOCK (Rokka): I suppose so... But Tsugumi-senpai was amazing~. She'd help a student in trouble no matter what!
Tsugumi: The same goes for you too, Rokka-chan. Like the way you do your best at whatever is in front of you-
Misaki: Okay, we get it. As expected of the Haneoka student council duo. Straightforward as always...
Arisa: So, how'd it end up with the painting? Did you find it?
Tsugumi & LOCK: Gasp...!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh no, Tsugumi-senpai! We still don't have any leads.
Tsugumi: Oh yeah~...! We forgot about it after talking to you guys.
Arisa & Misaki: Hahaha...
LOCK (Rokka): Hmm~, where should we start checking tomorrow...? Do we ask the teachers again?
Tsugumi: We told them to tell us if they know anything, but since they haven't gotten back to us, that means nothing came up...
Misaki: Hey... Isn't it time to handle this differently?
Arisa: I think so too. The student council has lots of other work to do, right? It's tough, but it's better to be honest and tell the student who sent the submission that you couldn't find it.
Misaki: Yeah. You did all you could to try and find it, so I'm sure they'd understand.
LOCK (Rokka): ... But I think just telling them that the student council did their best wouldn't be enough.
LOCK (Rokka): The student who sent that submission and the student in the fine arts club... They really like that painting. I'm sure other students feel the same way.
LOCK (Rokka): I never got a good look at it, but I wanna cherish the students who treasure that painting.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan...
LOCK (Rokka): Besides, I can't forget the words of the senior who painted it! "Keep persisting, and you'll surpass your limits every time." I think it really fits Haneoka.
LOCK (Rokka): The student council did that a lot last year, right?! They listened to the students' feedback and tried to implement them all!
LOCK (Rokka): Hina-senpai was boppin'♪ and came up with lots of ideas. She put a little pressure on you to make it Tsugurific...
LOCK (Rokka): Even so, the two of you shone so brightly as you happily worked hard for the students!
LOCK (Rokka): I wanna be that kind of senior and student council member too. That's why I'm seeing this through until the end!
Tsugumi & Arisa & Misaki: ...
LOCK (Rokka): ... Oh, I'm sorry for getting fired up on my own!
Tsugumi: No, you were so cool! I got fired up too!
Tsugumi: It reminded me of the time Hina-senpai told me we should try to make the school fit us.
Tsugumi: She said that since school is a part of our lives, we should make it more fun.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, you really embodied the student council! That was amazing!
Arisa: Yeah. You're always like that, LOCK.
Arisa: You give it your all in what you wanna do. Getting a scholarship, coming here alone, having a part-time job, helping with the bathhouse, and there's RAS and guitar too.
Misaki: Definitely... It's like you give everything you've got with endless energy.
Arisa: And as a bonus, you even joined the student council... To be honest, I didn't get why you'd add more things to your plate.
Arisa: But I understand now. You just love Haneoka that much, don't you?
LOCK (Rokka): Ehehe... Hearing you say that makes me blush.
LOCK (Rokka): B-but I'm just talking big even though we didn't find the painting. I'm still an incompetent temporary student council member!
Tsugumi: An incompetent temporary student council member...? Fufu, you really do say strange things, Rokka-chan.
Tsugumi: There's no way someone who does student council work so passionately could be incompetent. In fact, I felt like I was the incompetent one.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, thanks to you, I'm all fired up again! I feel like I can do anything now!
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai...! I'll do my best to investigate where the painting went!
Misaki: I knew the Haneoka student council duo would be like this~. You've gotta figure out what to do tomorrow then.
Arisa: You already did everything you could, though. It's not like you're gonna ask the entire student body next~.
Misaki: No, there's no way that's possible.
Arisa: Yeah~. Hahaha.
Tsugumi & LOCK: That's it! That's right!
Arisa & Misaki: ... Huh?
Tsugumi: We've only been investigating what we found suspicious. We have to widen our scope!
LOCK (Rokka): Since we're back to square one, we should cast a wider net!
Arisa: Wait, hold on! It was just a joke!
LOCK (Rokka): Since we've decided, let's have a plan to discuss our strategy for tomorrow! Tsugumi-senpai, do you have some time after this?
Tsugumi: Yeah, I do! Let's have it at the café then, since it's right over there!
Misaki: Hazawa-san~, Rokka~, want us to join in?
Tsugumi: Arisa-chan, Misaki-chan, thank you! We can keep doing our best!
LOCK (Rokka): See you soon, then!
Arisa: Hey, don't just end the conversation~!
Misaki: ... They're gone...
Arisa: Oh no, is it my fault? It is, isn't it? I destroyed their brakes, right?!
Misaki: Ichigaya-san, calm down. I don't think they had any brakes in the first place.
Misaki: Rokka rushes recklessly with her unlimited fuel. Hazawa-san, who gets all fired up, pushes Rokka forward with her powerful engine... And the result is a wild runaway car.
Arisa: Haneoka's student council is crazy this year too~...!
