event238-04 Chapter 3: Discover the Truth!

Tomoe and Ako are carrying a painting?! LOCK chases after them!

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

LOCK (Rokka): We're the student council! Please stop~!
Ako: Huh, Rokka? Wh-what?! What's going on?
LOCK (Rokka): Pant, pant... So you and Tomoe-senpai were the ones who took the entrance painting away...!
Tomoe: Huh? We did?
LOCK (Rokka): Why...? Why would you do that...?! There must be a reason, right?!
LOCK (Rokka): It's not too late. If you explain yourselves, everyone should understand... So please hand over the painting!
Tomoe & Ako: Huh~?!
Tsugumi: Pant, pant... I finally caught up...! Rokka-chan has so much stamina...
Ako: Tsugu-chin, help~! It's a misunderstanding~.
Tomoe: Yeah! This isn't the painting that was at the entrance. Ako, let's turn it around so we can show them the front side. Here we go.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-this is...! "HANEOKA DANCE TEAM"?!
Tomoe: We were just carrying the sign for the dance club from the storage room!
Ako: We'll be using it for the next contest, so please don't take it away~!
LOCK (Rokka): I-it was a misunderstanding...! I'm sorry, I'm so sorry!
Tsugumi: I'm sorry too! We didn't have any leads, so we were getting desperate...
Ako: Jeez~, I was really shocked, you know! Rokka, you were running towards us with a super scary face.
LOCK (Rokka): Ngh... I'm really sorry... This was a false arrest...
Tomoe: Haha. No prob, it's cool! Anyway, investigating the painting sounds tough. It'd be nice if we could help out in some way...
Ako: What does that painting look like again? I can ask my friends!
LOCK (Rokka): Umm, let me find the picture... Here it is. It's as big as this sign...
Tomoe: Oh, this one~... Hmm? I think I saw a similar painting in the storage room just now~...
LOCK (Rokka): R-really?!
Tomoe: Well~, I only saw a glimpse of it, so I can't say for sure... But that storage room had lots of big signs and paintings, so it might be there. Probably.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you so much, Tomoe-senpai! Tsugumi-senpai, let's go to the storage room!
Tomoe: B-but it's just a vague memory!
LOCK (Rokka): It's still worth checking if there's even a slight possibility! Thank you for telling us! See you!
Ako: Hang on, Rokka! Wait~! ... She's gone...
Tomoe: Tsugu, sorry about that. I said something unnecessary, huh?
Tsugumi: You didn't. Rokka-chan's right. If there's even a slight possibility that it's there, then we've got to check!
Tsugumi: Thank you so much, you two! I'll go too then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Storage Room]

LOCK (Rokka): I have to be careful so the things that are piled up don't fall... Okay. Hmm~, it's not this one.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan~, it's not here either! These were all the equipment used for the Culture Festival.
LOCK (Rokka): I couldn't find it too~! Sigh... I guess this isn't the right place~... Cough.
Tsugumi: It's dusty, isn't it? I'm all sweaty, so I want to get in the bath and feel refreshed already. Maybe I'll use my favorite bath bomb in the bath today.
LOCK (Rokka): Having a relaxing bath is nice~. Oh, in that case, please come to the Asahi Bathhouse.
LOCK (Rokka): Relaxing in a huge bath is the best feeling! It'll help you de-stress, so I recommend it!
Tsugumi: Sounds great~. I haven't been to the Asahi Bathhouse since I was little. Let's celebrate there after we solve the case!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, we should. We have to find the painting first... But it doesn't look like it's here.
Tsugumi: Yeah. Let's clean this place up a bit then go home! I've been wanting to clean ever since we got here.
LOCK (Rokka): Me too! It's like seeing the buckets in Asahi Bathhouse scattered all over the place. I can't just ignore them...
Tsugumi: Buckets...? Fufufu, you sure say strange things sometimes, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh?! Did I say something weird?
Tsugumi: No, you're just so interesting! I'm glad I saw many different sides to you today.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm happy I learned so many wonderful things about you today too!
LOCK (Rokka): You help students without hesitation. You never speak badly of me, and you're always on my side... I wanna be a kind senior who takes care of their underclassmen like you!
Tsugumi: Huh? ... Like me...?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, you were so cool!
Tsugumi: Y-you're so direct...!
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, did I say something weird again?!
Tsugumi: No, not at all! I just didn't expect you to say that... It made me happy.
Tsugumi: You know, ever since becoming a third-year, I've had something on my mind. I always wonder if there's more I can do as a senior and as the student council president.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, really?
Tsugumi: But hearing you say that cheered me up. Because now I know there are already things I'm capable of.
LOCK (Rokka): I see... You can do anything, so I wouldn't have guessed.
Tsugumi: It's not that I can do anything. I've just done those things before.
Tsugumi: When I was a first-year student, I couldn't manage the lines and got swept away by the crowd.
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, you too?!
Tsugumi: Yeah. At the time, Seta-senpai and Chisato-san were performing in a play, so a lot of people came. Everyone was so intense because they wanted a good seat...
Tsugumi: It wasn't like I did a good job back then, but as I gave it my all, I learned to make it work even if it was my first time doing something.
LOCK (Rokka): Making it work even if it's your first time...
Tsugumi: Yeah. While we try figuring this out, it'll eventually become something we can do.
LOCK (Rokka): (Oh... That makes sense. Even Tsugumi-senpai couldn't do everything in the beginning. It's only after a lot of thinking and making a lot of effort...)
LOCK (Rokka): Ahh, we have to head home already?!
Tsugumi: Alright, let's leave the cleaning and organizing for next time! We should get ready and leave schoo- Huh?
Tsugumi: What's this string? It got tangled on my arm and it won't come off... There.
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai, no, that's-
Tsugumi: Ahh~! Something fell?! I can't see~!
LOCK (Rokka): Are you alright?! A bunch of confetti and silver streamers fell on you... I'll get them off right away!
LOCK (Rokka): Whoa~, it's all tangled up...! I'll get rid of the ones on your head...
Tsugumi: Phew~... Thanks, I can finally see. Hang on, what's this...?  Pfft. Fufufufu.
Tsugumi: I'm sparkly all over. It's so flashy... Ahahaha.
LOCK (Rokka): Ahahaha. You're like Haneoka's shining student council president!
Tsugumi: Really? Doesn't it look like a magic spell failed to make a princess's dress?
LOCK (Rokka): Ahahaha, you say strange things too, Tsugumi-senpai.
