event238-02 Chapter 1: The Investigation Begins!

Tsugumi and LOCK decide to search for a painting. A certain detective appears.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Rui Yashio, Rokka Asahi)

[The Next Day - Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai~, I'm sorry for being late~! ... Huh? Moca-senpai?
Moca: You're finally here, Officer Asahi. The investigation already started~.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? What do you mean by "officer" and "investigation"...?
Tsugumi: When I told her about the submission, she got eager and said it was the Great Detective Moca-chan's time to shine.
Moca: The teachers didn't know anything about the missing entrance painting, correct? Inspector Hazawa looked troubled, so I thought I could help inspect the site~.
Tsugumi: Well, first we examine the place where the painting was displayed and try to find a clue that might lead us to it.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I see. But there's nothing around the wall where the painting wa- Oh.
Moca: As expected of Officer Asahi, the capable rookie~. You noticed the label with a written explanation of the painting~.
Tsugumi: "Painting to Commemorate the School’s Fifth Year. Artists: The Third Year Students in the Fine Arts Club of Haneoka Girls' Academy."
LOCK (Rokka): The painting that was here was made by our seniors in the fine arts club decades ago.
Moca: Exactly~. If anything happened to their seniors' art, then the fine arts club members would be the first to realize, don't you think~?
Tsugumi: You're right! We might find something out if we ask them!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah! Let's go and gather some information from them then!
Asuka: Oh, Rokka. You didn't come back from managing the lines. You were here all along.
LOCK (Rokka): Asuka-chan! Did you finish having lunch?
Asuka: Yeah, a teacher asked me to collect papers, so I'm helping out. What are you and our seniors doing here?
Tsugumi: Actually, the student council is trying to figure out where the painting that used to hang here could be.
Asuka: Oh, the tennis club members were makng a ruckus while taking it down last week. Did something happen?
Tsugumi & LOCK: Huh? The tennis club?
Asuka: ...? Yes. I only saw them for a little bit after school, so I don't know the details, though.
Moca: Hm, a new finding that throws off our investigation... What a difficult case~. If you find yourselves at a dead end again, let me know anytime, detectives.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, thank you for your help! We'll question the students in those clubs right awa-
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, the lunch break ended. After school, then! Let's ask them once classes are over!
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, we should continue tomorrow. Remember? We have...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Arisa & Misaki: Sigh~, I'm exhausted...
LOCK (Rokka): The two of you look so drained... Good work on the joint student council meeting!
Tsugumi: Alright, here are your drinks! Blend coffee for you, right, Rui-chan?
Rui: Yes, thank you very much.
Tsugumi: Not at all. Phew, it feels like I can finally relax.
Misaki: Yeah, it was a weird atmosphere, huh...? Having long and serious discussions with student council representatives and teachers from other schools...
Arisa: That meeting room felt so suffocating...
LOCK (Rokka): But I learned a lot from hearing how other schools approached things and handled issues.
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, thanks for substituting for the vice president. It was reassuring to have you by my side.
LOCK (Rokka): It's nothing! I was just following you after all. Everyone who talked in the meeting was amazing!
LOCK (Rokka): Especially Yashio-san! Even though we're both second years, you spoke with confidence as the student council president. You were so cool!
Rui: I only did what I had to do. And you did what you had to as a substitute. We are not that different.
LOCK (Rokka): That's not true at all~. If only I could work efficiently like you do...
Arisa: But you take your work seriously, LOCK. You wrote the meeting notes so quickly today.
LOCK (Rokka): No, there are so many things I still can't do... I couldn't manage the lines during lunch break, and the missing entrance painting still needs investigating...
Misaki: Hang on. What do you mean by investigate...?
Tsugumi: Oh, that. It's one of the things we're handling for the suggestion box we discussed in today's meeting...
(Black cut)
Misaki: I see~. So you're looking for the painting.
Rui: Wouldn't it be more efficient to wait until the teachers finish making the test papers instead of having the student council members search for it?
Tsugumi: That's true, but if we think about the feelings of the student who sent in that submission, I'm sure they'd want to know why it was taken down as soon as possible.
Arisa: The student's feelings, huh... I guess so.
LOCK (Rokka): It was so cool how you decided to take on that submission, Tsugumi-senpai!
Tsugumi: You too, Rokka-chan! I was really happy when you said you'd do your best to search with me.
LOCK (Rokka): No, no, I didn't do anything...! Seeing how hard you were thinking about it made me want to help out in any way I could.
Misaki: Fufu... You two are kind of similar, aren't you?
Tsugumi & LOCK: Huh? Rokka-chan and I? Huh? Tsugumi-senpai and I?
Arisa: Oh, you too, Okusawa-san? They're both humble, serious, and straightforward, so they seemed similar to me.
Rui: Indeed. They do seem to say identical things often.
LOCK (Rokka): That can't be...! Tsugumi-senpai can do everything amazingly, but I can't.
Tsugumi: Don't say that! You're better than me at things like summarizing meeting notes.
LOCK (Rokka): No, no, you're better...!
Arisa: Haha, see what I mean?
