event238-06 Chapter 5: Limitless!

Tsugumi x LOCK = Runaway Train?! Their determination spreads through the school!

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

Ako: ... When my HP was about to run out, Rin-rin saved me in a super cool way! She's definitely a super wizard~!
Tomoe: Haha, Rinko-san is awesome. She's always in sync with you... Hmm? It's getting kinda rowdy by the front gate.
Tsugumi & LOCK: Good morning! Good morning~!
Tomoe: Are we greeting each other this week? Wait a sec, is that Tsugu and Rokka?
Moca: They're not just greeting everyone, you know~.
Ako: Moca-chin, Ran-chan, Hii-chan! What's going on?
Ran: Tsugumi and Rokka are handing these out while greeting all the students. Look at this flyer.
Tomoe: Let's see... "WANTED: The painting that used to be at the entrance. Tell the student council if you know anything!"... A wanted flyer?!
Himari: They're handing them out to all the students in school!
Tsugumi: Good morning~! Please help us find the painting!
LOCK (Rokka): It doesn't matter how unimportant it may be! If you have any information, please report to the student council~!
Moca: Well~, I thought they'd count on me if they hit a dead-end with their case again, but those passionate detectives exceeded my expectations~.
Himari: It looked like they were about to find the painting yesterday when they came to the tennis club. I can't believe it's gotten to this point...
Ako: The tennis club too? When they met me and Sis, they were desperate and said they'd look in the storage room... Why are they taking it that far?
Moca: I wonder why too~. But...
Moca: Inspector Hazawa, let the Great Detective Moca-chan help you with the case~. I'll use 100% of my genius brain and offer my deductions~.
Tsugumi: Moca-chan! Thank you, that'll help!
Tomoe: C'mon, hand some over. I'll help hand out the flyers too.
Ran: I know it's very you, but... you can count on us. Before doing something this reckless.
Tsugumi: Ran-chan, Tomoe-chan...!
Himari: As thanks for yesterday, I'll help as much as I can~! Wait, the flyers ran out! It's totally not enough!
Council Member A: President~, I printed more flyers~! The other student council members are putting them up around the school!
Council Member B: Let's be a student council that cherishes what Haneoka students treasure! Getting that passionate message last night made us want to work hard too~!
Tsugumi: Everyone...! Thank you so much!
LOCK (Rokka): That message really moved me too! I was so inspired by how you're a student council president that all the Haneoka students can consider their number one ally!
Tsugumi: The students' number one ally...
Tsugumi: (I see... That's the kind of student council president I wanna be...!)
Tsugumi: (If a student is running forward with all their might, then I want to run alongside them... If I can be a president that's their number one ally-)
Theater Club Member: Hazawa-san~!  Sorry, the painting is in our club room!
Fine Arts Club Member: I'm so sorry, it's the fine arts club's fault!
Theater Club Member: No, it's the theater club's fault!
Tsugumi & LOCK: Wait, huh~?!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Asahi Bathhouse]

Tsugumi: ... Here's to solving the case of the missing entrance painting...
Tsugumi & LOCK: Cheers~!
Tsugumi & LOCK: Gulp, gulp... Ahh~...
LOCK (Rokka): There's nothing like being in a large bathtub and drinking coffee milk after getting work done!
Tsugumi: Yeah, it's not too sweet, so it tastes good! I could get addicted to this.
LOCK (Rokka): Anyway, I can't believe we found the painting through the theater club.
Tsugumi: Me neither! It was supposed to be returned to the entrance after school, but right before they could, the fine arts club mistakenly took it away during lunch break...
LOCK (Rokka): Who would've thought it was all because of the fluffy chestnut cream buns...?!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Fine Arts Club Member: Shoot, I'm late! I'll definitely buy the fluffy chestnut cream buns today for sure~!
Theater Club Member: Oh, I was just about to ask! The painting we'll use as stage equipment for the next play is ready, right? Can I take it out of the fine arts club room now?
Fine Arts Club Member: Uhh, sure! Please, go ahead! It's at the most obvious place in the room! Wait for me, my fluffy chestnut cream buns~!
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Tsugumi: It was a little funny that they mixed up the entrance painting and the painting that'd be used for the theater club's play.
LOCK (Rokka): If the fluffy chestnut cream buns weren't so hard to get, this tragedy wouldn't have happened~. We should solve this issue soon!
Tsugumi: Yeah, let's figure out a way together!
Tsugumi: Fufu... Thank you so much for helping. We get so much student council work done with you here, Rokka-chan!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you so much too! I'm still incompetent, but I'm glad I could be of help.
Tsugumi: ... Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes?
Tsugumi: I said it yesterday too, but... you're not incompetent at all.
LOCK (Rokka): Huh...?
Tsugumi: Saying you're incompetent or that you're a temporary member... Putting limits on yourself like that is so wasteful.
Tsugumi: This case was solved thanks to you. Questioning people, investigating, and what happened this morning is all because you did your best and never gave up.
Tsugumi: So I want you to know just how amazing you are.
LOCK (Rokka): Tsugumi-senpai...
Tsugumi: Actually, I learned this from Maya-senpai. She taught me that I shouldn't put limits on myself and to look at how I'm growing every day.
Tsugumi: Seeing the way you are now reminded me of that... Maya-senpai probably felt this way at the time, too...
LOCK (Rokka): ...
LOCK (Rokka): Gulp, gulp, gulp...!
Tsugumi: R-Rokka-chan?!
LOCK (Rokka): Ahh... Tsugumi-senpai! I won't say I'm just a temporary student council member anymore!
LOCK (Rokka): I was the one who decided to join the student council, but selfishly deciding that I'm incompetent is rude to myself and others...!
LOCK (Rokka): From now on, I'll hold my head high and be Tsugurific with you!
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan... Mhm, let's keep doing our best together!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, I'll be looking forward to it!
Tsugumi: Yeah... M-me too- Fufu, ahaha! S-sorry. Ahaha.
LOCK (Rokka): H-huh?! Did I say something weird again?!
Tsugumi: No, no, you were really cool! It's just... Fufu, you have a milk mustache...!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-the fact that coffee milk gives you a mustache just shows how rich in flavor it is.
Tsugumi: Ahaha, you're right! I'll have some too then... Gulp, gulp.
Tsugumi: I'll be a student council president that everyone in Haneoka can call their number one ally! ... Thoughts?
LOCK (Rokka): Ahaha, as expected of the president! What a fine milk mustache you have!
Tsugumi & LOCK: Ahahaha!
(White cut)
(Background change)
