event238-07 Ending: The Student Council’s Job

The suggestion box is full. A certain submission catches LOCK's eye...

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[One Week Later]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Cafeteria]

LOCK (Rokka): No pushing, please~! Please wait for your turn~!
Student A: I want a fluffy chestnut cream bun, please!
Student B: Me too! I'm totally getting one this time!
Student C: Jeez! Stop pushing, will you~?!
Asuka: The fluffy chestnut cream buns are as popular as always, huh? Rokka assured us it'd be fine today, though...
Ako: Uhh~... Oh, Rokka's over there! Asuka, let's save her if she gets swept away by the crowd again!
LOCK (Rokka): Please form two line- Ahhh!
Ako: R-Rokka~! Oh no, she's gonna get swept away again!
LOCK (Rokka): (Even if it doesn't go well the first time, just make it work! You've got this. Hang in there, Rokka...!)
LOCK (Rokka): Pleaaase stop pushiiing~~!
Ako: Whoa! She stood her ground!
LOCK (Rokka): The people around you will get hurt! Nothing good comes from fighting! Please be as sweet as the fluffy chestnut cream buns and line up properly~!
Asuka: ... What kind of reasoning was that? Fufu... It's very Rokka, though.
Ako: Look, lines are forming! She's amazing~!
Tsugumi: Yeah, she's really doing her best!
Ako: Tsugu-chin, look! Rokka managed the lines! She's not a temporary member now, right?
Tsugumi: She hasn't been for a while now. She's the student council's shining hope, after all.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Student Council]

Tsugumi: Alright... I'm finally done with last week's paperwork.
LOCK (Rokka): Excuse me! I was just compiling the submissions from the suggestion box. Look at this.
Tsugumi: Let's see... "Thank you so much for putting the entrance painting back. I'm really glad I can see it again!" This is...!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, that student sent a submission to thank us! They said they enjoy coming to school again!
Tsugumi: I didn't think it would be such a big deal. Sorry for the trouble. I was touched by how you did your best to fulfill one student's request! Thank you to everyone who helped.
Tsugumi: Oh yeah... I want to thank all the students who helped with the investigation too.
LOCK (Rokka): Let's do that then! ... Oh? But wouldn't that be the whole school? There might've been students who saw the flyers and tried searching for the painting.
Tsugumi: You're right. I'm sure a lot of them wondered why we were searching in the first place.
LOCK (Rokka): A way to let all the students know... Hmm~, during a school assembly...? Or maybe through a lunchtime broadcast or the school newspaper...
Tsugumi: Oh, that's it! Let's put it up on the bulletin board like we do for the school newspaper!
Tsugumi: We're obviously not going to have it in the newspaper, but we can respond to this submission and also thank all the students!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~, the student who sent that submission is gonna be so happy! The other students will read it and be so thrilled that something like this happened in Haneoka.
Tsugumi: That'd be nice. Let's write a response together then!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Entrance]

Tsugumi: Including the story about our senior who made the painting was a great idea, Rokka-chan.
LOCK (Rokka): Ehehe, really? I just wanted everyone to know about it.
Tsugumi: And once they do, they'd want to look at the painting. Their view of it will probably change, too.
LOCK (Rokka): I'm sure of it! I think... I'd want to stop and look at it like this too.
Tsugumi: Yeah... Having it at the entrance just feels right.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. It's like the face of Haneoka.
Tsugumi: ... Wait, isn't it a little slanted to the right?
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, that's true! Let's fix it!
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, can you hold that side? Let's take it down first. Here we go.
LOCK (Rokka): ... Okay. Let's put it up again at the same height as befor-
Tsugumi: Rokka-chan, look at the back of the painting...!
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? Oh, there's some writing on it. Umm...
LOCK (Rokka): To future Haneoka students. Take flight from your cage! When your wings flap freely, it makes the sound of heartbeats!
LOCK (Rokka): Is this a message by the painter?
Tsugumi: It has to be! I didn't think there'd be a message hidden on the back side of the painting.
LOCK (Rokka): Take flight from your cage. Don't limit yourself. Be free. How very fitting for Haneoka.
Tsugumi: ("The sound of heartbeats." Fufu... We know what kind of sound that is. Right, Hina-senpai?)
Tsugumi: ... We have to work even harder to make Haneoka an even more fun school!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes! Tsugumi-senpai, we should put it back up again. Here goes.
Tsugumi: ... Okay, perfect.
Tsugumi: Let's put up our response on the bulletin board then! There's still so much student council work to do, after all!
LOCK (Rokka): Yeah. Let's be extra Tsugurific today too!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Tsugumi: To the student who sent the submission about the entrance painting,
Tsugumi: Thank you so much for your appreciation! As the student council and as Haneoka students, we are happy to have our precious painting displayed at the entrance again.
LOCK (Rokka): The senior who made that painting apparently painted it over and over again until the end, saying that if you use your imagination, you'll surpass your limits every time.
LOCK (Rokka): It's encouraging to see the birds fly around freely, isn't it? As if they're telling us to believe in our potential and fly anywhere we want to in the sparkling skies above.
Tsugumi: Without this submission, we wouldn't have realized such an important thing. Thank you for sending it to us.
Tsugumi: And to everyone who responded to our feelings, we would like to extend our deepest gratitude. Thanks to all of you, we could protect something so important to Haneoka.
LOCK (Rokka): Haneoka's student council shall continue to do our best to protect what everybody loves and cherishes!
Tsugumi: If anything is bothering or worrying you, no matter what it may be, please send your submissions to the suggestion box any time! The student council is...
Tsugumi & LOCK: Your number one ally!
(White cut)
