event51-05 Chapter 4: True Feelings

Tomoe expresses her true feelings to the members of Afterglow. However, they tell her there's someone else who needs to hear it...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Tomoe: Before her concerts, Ako would always come to me for help. I'd give her tips for drumming, or tell her what to do on stage...
Tomoe: That didn't happen for this last show, though. And she still managed to give an awesome performance...
Tomoe: As her sister, I'm happy for her. But more than that, I feel...
Moca: Lonely?
Tomoe: I guess so. I keep thinking, what if she doesn't need me anymore? Am I really her cool big sister then?
Tomoe: ...
Himari: You're right, Ako-chan looked really cool during that last show. Has that been bothering you this whole time?
Tomoe: ... I think so...
Ran: So you're only a 'cool big sister' because Ako depends on you?
Tomoe: Huh...?
Ran: Your coolness relies on someone else being around? That sounds pretty lame if you ask me.
Himari: R-Ran! Why would you say something like that?!
Ran: Because she's not being straight with us!
Moca: Tomo-chin, now you've done it. Ran's getting angry~.
Tomoe: I'm sorry. You're right, I'm wrong...
Ran: Crap like that is exactly what I'm talking about! Argh~! You're pissing me off today!
Tsugumi: R-Ran-chan! Calm down~!
Moca: Yeah~. Relax, then speak, If you don't, we won't be able to figure out what you're trying to say~.
Ran: I don't wanna hear about Ako! I want to know what you think, Tomoe! You!
Ran: If Ako said she didn't need you anymore, would you just smile, nod, and stop being her sister? Just like that?
Himari: Oh jeez! Ran's losing her temper~! Cool down, please~.
Tomoe: What would I do...?
Tomoe: I want... to always be Ako's big sister.  Maybe she won't think of me as someone she can rely on, but-
Ran: I told you already, that's not what I'm asking you!
Tomoe: Huh?! Ah, right... Ahaha, sorry...  Okay. I want to stay Ako's big sister!
Tomoe: No matter how much she grows up, I want to be there for her.  So I have to work hard to make sure I can do that.
Tomoe: ... Man, this is kinda embarrassing...  ... Thanks for setting me straight, Ran. Coming from you, what you said really hits home. I need to focus on what I want to do...
Himari: This isn't over yet, Tomoe!
Tomoe: It's not...?
Himari: You have to tell Ako-chan what you just told us!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Tomoe: Sigh~...
Tomoe: Tell Ako, huh...?
Tomoe: (How am I supposed to do that? I've always been bad at talking about myself...)
Tomoe: (Either way, I have to apologize to Ako.  No doubt the things I said really hurt her.)
Tomoe: Sigh...
Tomoe: Ako said she had band practice today. So... I'll have to apologize tomorrow. After that, I'll tell her everything...
Tomoe: Maybe I should make some note cards.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Ako: Sigh...
Yukina: Ako, you've been sighing all day. Did something happen?
Ako: Yesterday, my sister told me I didn't have to try so hard to be like her anymore since I'm already doing so well as Roselia's drummer...
Ako: I've always looked up to her, though. She's the reason I work so hard... Now I don't know what to do.
Yukina: I see... And have you told your sister that?
Ako: Huh....? N-no, not yet...
Ako: She said I didn't need her...  What if bringing it up just causes more problems...?
Yukina: I don't know about that, but you can't communicate your thoughts if you don't speak. It's important to understand what each other is feeling.
Ako: But what should I say...?
Sayo: Just tell her what's on your mind. Forget about if it feels selfish to do so, or whether you've organized exactly what you want to say.
Yukina: Indeed. If you put everything out there, your emotions may clash, but something will change. If you don't, nothing will.
Ako: A clash of emotions, huh...? That sounds so cool! Yukina-san, Sayo-san, thank you so much!
Ako: I'll put everything out there and clash with my sister!
Yukina: I hope it goes well for you.
Sayo: (Tomoe-san... Why on earth would you say something like that?)
Sayo: (If Hina stopped paying me any mind...  How would that make me feel?)
