event51-06 Chapter 5: My Cool Big Sis

In order to tell Ako how she feels, Tomoe invites her to the studio. Will everything go according to plan?

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa)

[The Next Day]

[Udagawa Residence]

Tomoe: Alright... "1. Apologize to Ako. 2. Tell her I'm happy to see her get better at performing. 3. Tell her how I feel."
Tomoe: Can I really do all this...?
Tomoe: Sigh~...
Ako: Ah... G-good morning, Sis...
Tomoe: A-Ako! Morning!
Ako: ...
Tomoe: ...
Tomoe & Ako: Hey! Uhm, hey...
Tomoe: Wanna go to the studio?! Like right now?!
Ako: Huh?!
Tomoe: I thought we could have a jam session together. It's been a while. What do you think...?
Ako: Y-yeah! I'd love to!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Tomoe: It really has been a long time since we played together! We haven't done anything like this since you joined Roselia.
Ako: Y-yeah...
Tomoe: Hey...
Tomoe: Look, I'm sorry about what happened the other day.  I should never have said that you didn't have to try to be like me anymore.
Ako: Ah...
Tomoe: You clearly look up to me, and then I had to go and say something like that. When I saw how sad it made you, it really hit me hard.
Tomoe: You know...
Tomoe: (Next I have to tell her how good her performances have gotten, and after that...)
Ako: Sis...?
Tomoe: (Wait... How do I know telling Ako everything will make her feel better? What will happen if I say what's on my mind?)
Tomoe: (You know what...? Forget it.)
Tomoe: Ako, your drumming has gotten so good! You really surprised me.
Ako: Huh...?!
Tomoe: Man, I really gotta step it up! Especially if I wanna stay cool for you!
Ako: Uhm... I was really shocked when you told me I didn't need you anymore. I was so sad, I felt like crying...
Ako: I started to wonder if I've just been annoying you this whole time... But you know what?!
Ako: I still think you’re the coolest person in the whole wide world! You're so kind, and cool, and good at the drums...  and cool...
Ako: And I love that about you, so... Uhm...
Tomoe: Ako...
Tomoe: Ahaha! Thanks for that.
Tomoe: Ako, do you know why I play the drums?
Ako: Huh? You were always in the taiko performances at the festivals downtown, so then...
Tomoe: When I first started playing the taiko drums, you told me I looked "super cool!"
Tomoe: That made me really happy, so I kept doing it, and eventually, I started to enjoy taiko more and more. And thanks to that, I'm now Afterglow's drummer.
Tomoe: Same goes for dance club.  The reason I joined is that I got really into those dance games we'd play together.
Tomoe: Ako, I am who I am today because you were always by my side.
Tomoe: So I'm really glad I have a sister like you! I would never think you're annoying.
Ako: I'm the same way! The reason I started drumming was because you looked so cool doing it!
Ako: And that's the same reason I followed your footsteps and joined the dance club!
Ako: I even joined Roselia because I wanted to be as cool as you!
Ako: Everything I've done... All of it was so I could be more like you!!
Tomoe: Yeah, good point. Thanks to you, I am who I am. Thanks to me, you are who you are...
Tomoe: And as long as I have you, Ako, I feel like I can become an even cooler me!
Tomoe: So that's what we'll keep doing, Ako. We'll get even cooler. Together.
Ako: ...! Sis!
Ako: You got it! I'll catch up to you, Sis!! You just keep watching as I become the coolest Ako I can be!
Tomoe: Yeah, you bet I will!
