event51-07 Ending: In My Sister's Steps

Tomoe explains why she was unable to tell Ako how she feels...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa, Ako Udagawa)

[Studio]

Himari: What~?! You didn't tell Ako-chan everything?!
Tomoe: It's not like I wasn't planning to. I was gonna tell her how watching her grow up makes me feel a little left behind...
Tomoe: But when it finally came time to actually say something, it hit me.
Tomoe: Does Ako really need to know?
Tsugumi: What do you mean...?
Tomoe: Well, Ako cares about me a lot. If I talk to her about all these complicated feelings I'm having, it's not exactly gonna make her feel better.
Tomoe: I want Ako to smile. If she keeps looking up to me with that happy face, that's fine by me.
Tomoe: I'd rather just let my actions as a sister speak for themselves.  Haha, something tells me that's more my style, anyway.
Moca: Who'd have thought that front you put up runs so deep~?
Ran: Still, I agree that it does suit you better. I guess you could say it's your "same as usual"... You're looking a lot cooler now, Tomoe.
Tomoe: Ahaha. I am, aren't I?
Himari: If Tomoe's happy, then I suppose I am too. I'm just glad you made up with Ako-chan♪
Tomoe: Same! Sorry about all that, guys. I should've been straight with you from the start.
Tomoe: Ran, thanks for getting mad at me.
Ran: No biggie...
Himari: Now that everything's settled, let's get this place cleaned up! It's still pretty early, so why don't we stop by Tsugu's place for tea?
Tsugumi: Yeah, that sounds great.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Moca: Should I go with the cake set today~? What do you recommend, Tsugu~?
Tsugumi: Let's see, Right now we-
Sayo: Hm...?
Sayo: Hazawa-san, good afternoon.
Tsugumi: Oh, Sayo-san!  Good afternoon. Are you here for practice?
Sayo: Yes. We've rented out a studio for the band today, but I'm a little early... Actually, Udagawa-san, do you have a moment?
Tomoe: Huh?! Me?! S-sure, I guess... You guys go on ahead, I'll catch up later.
Himari: O-okay!
Tomoe: U-uhm... Did I do something wrong...?
Sayo: No, it's nothing like that... I just heard a few things from Ako-san.
Tomoe: A-ahaha... Now I get it. So she went to you for help back then.
Sayo: I wouldn't go as far as to call it that... It was just-...
Tomoe: Ahaha, thanks for looking out for her. Ako and I talked it out yesterday. With your help, she was able to let me know exactly how she felt.
Sayo: Is that so?
Tomoe: ... I was going to tell her everything I was feeling too. But in the end, I decided not to.
Sayo: Why's that?
Tomoe: Maybe it's my pride as a big sister?
Tomoe: I just didn't want Ako to see such an uncool side of me. ... Plus, I can't really say embarrassing stuff like that.
Sayo: ... Your strength is very impressive.
Tomoe: Y-you think? No way, it took me forever to figure out what I wanted to do, and the whole time I felt like I was in a fog. It was awful. Ran got really mad at me too.
Tomoe: Now, it's like a weight's been lifted off my shoulders, you know?
Sayo: Hearing about you and Ako-san, I couldn't help but think about how I would feel if my sister stopped looking up to me...
Sayo: Honestly, I think I'd be a little relieved.
Tomoe: Sayo-san...
Sayo: That's why I have such great respect for you. No matter what, you always play the part of the eldest.
Tomoe: Ahaha, cut that out, that's way too much praise for me! Besides, I don't really know much about what you're like as an older sibling...
Tomoe: But as long as we find something that works for us, I don't think there's any right or wrong way to be a big sister.
Sayo: ... I suppose you're right.
Sayo: (I told Hina everything, while Udagawa-san's relief comes from being able to keep it all in. Despite that, we both share the same role...)
Sayo: My apologies for calling out to you like this. Please give my regards to the rest of Afterglow.
Tomoe: Will do! Thanks!
Ako: Huh? It's Sis and Sayo-san! Hey~!
Tomoe: Oh, Ako! So Roselia's got practice after this, huh?
Ako: Yup, that's right! What were you two talking about?
Tomoe: Ah~, you know~. Nothing important.
Ako: Huh?! You're not gonna tell me?! No fair~!
Sayo: It really isn't anything worth telling you about. Well then, excuse us. We'll be headed to the studio now.
Tomoe: Cool! Remember, Ako, you're trying to become the coolest drummer! Now go kick butt during rehearsal!
Ako: Of course I will~! Now tell me what you were talking about~!
