event143-05 Chapter 4: Spreading Support With a #

PAREO's efforts online are starting to pay off. What strategy does she come up with next?!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

MASKING (Masuki): Hey, PAREO, did ya see this? I was casually scrollin' yesterday and found loads of photos and videos of Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): Oh, which ones?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, I saw them too~! #AllBushi #BestOfPastel＊Palettes, right?
LOCK (Rokka): It was so much fun seeing the best moments of Pastel＊Palettes~! I feel like I learned a lot about them.
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah! They're pretty dang cool~!
LOCK (Rokka): Yes~! I was mesmerized by Hina-senpai's guitar technique! It is so cool that she's be able to perform at that level.
LAYER (Rei): Oh, show me, show me.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmm, their energy on stage is not bad.
MASKING (Masuki): There's a lot more where that came from. This account called "REO-REO" posted most of 'em.
LAYER (Rei): I guess some other accounts must have seen their posts and followed suit.
PAREO (Reona): That is my account.
All: What?!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, yes. It was much more effective than I thought, seeing as it reached the two of you!
LOCK (Rokka): W-wow! You're basically an influencer, PAREO-san!
CHU² (Chiyu): I see. So you went ahead with the "1,000 times" plan you mentioned the other day.
PAREO (Reona): No, no! It is not quite there yet! My love is very deep, you know!
PAREO (Reona): (It's definitely gaining traction, but I need to spread my message even further. That is the only way...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Hall]

PAREO (Reona): Hello~! Sorry for the sudden intrusion~. If you do not mind, please take a look at this flyer~!
Fan C: Support Pastel＊Palettes on social media?
PAREO (Reona): Yes♪ I am currently trying to spread the appeal of Eve-chan and Pastel＊Palettes all around the world by posting using the hashtags #AllBushi and #BestOfPastel＊Palettes♪
Fan C: Ahh, I saw that! Of course I will help~!
PAREO (Reona): Thank you very much! Please do!
(Black cut)

[10 Minutes Later]

PAREO (Reona): (Handing out flyers on my own sure is tiring... And a lot of people would not even take them. I do not have any friends or acquaintances here either...)
PAREO (Reona): (I've always had fun coming on my own, so I never thought about wanting a fellow fan as a friend... But at times like this, things may have turned out differently if I had one...)
PAREO (Reona): (It's okay if you're afraid. We're all here. If I hold your hand, I won't let go. I'll always feel safe here with you.)
PAREO (Reona): (Lovin' you! We'll bring happiness to you...!)
PAREO (Reona): (Pastel＊Palettes never gives up, no matter what!)
Fan A: Excuse me...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, yes?!
Fan A: Would it be okay if we helped you hand out flyers?
PAREO (Reona): Huh? ... D-do you mean it?!
Fan B: Yeah, we saw you working really hard out there earlier. We could tell how much you love Pastel＊Palettes, so we want to help you.
PAREO (Reona): Th-thank you so much!
Fan A: Fufu. No need for thanks. We're all fans of Pastel＊Palettes, after  all. We have to work together!
PAREO (Reona): O-okay...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Talent Agency]

Eve: I finished writing my proposal! How does it sound?
Maya: Yeah...! Eve-san, I think this is seriously good!
Eve: Really? Thank you.
Maya: I hope they understand how you feel with this.
Eve: Yes, I will do my best to ensure so!
Hina, Aya & Chisato: Good work today.
Hina: Hey, hey, Eve-chan. Did you see what's happening online?
Eve: No, I have been quite busy recently, so I have not checked it very much. Did something happen?
Aya: Eve-chan~... I was so moved, I feel like crying~!
Chisato: Aya-chan, you need to explain it from the beginning.
Hina: Look at the posts under these hashtags, Eve-chan!
Eve: #AllBushi, #BestOfPastel＊Palettes, #SupportPastel＊Palettes.  They are filled with pictures and videos of us.
Eve: "Eve-chan led the release event! She was so cool!" "Remember when she said the fans were her friends?" "I'm still friends with the person that I hugged that time."
Maya: "I really liked how Maya-chan was trying to be strong on the deserted island! "Aya-chan spoke kind of like she does on All Fun and Games."
Chisato: "Chisato-chan's expressions are so different when she's acting. What a pro." "Hina-chan's logic during the Halloween special was incredible."
Hina: Look, look, there's even an "Eve-chan's Bushido Quotes Compilation"♪ This is so funny~!
Eve: Wow, there are so many...
Aya: I always want to give courage and dreams to our fans, but... It feels so good to hear them say that they love us and are receiving this courage...
Aya: We send them dreams, they send us back their feelings, and then we send them more dreams... I hope we can keep doing this rally.
Maya: I see. A rally of dreams sounds wonderful!
Hina: Ugh~, Aya-chan is crying again~.
Aya: I can't help it~.
Eve: ... Ngh...
Hina: Huh, you too, Eve-chan?!
Eve: ... I am so grateful... I am at a loss for words...
Chisato: Eve-chan, you're not alone. You always have us and your fans by your side.
Maya: Yeah, we'll always be together!
Aya: E-Eve-chan~... Don't cry~.
Eve: Thank you very much, everyone! I will return your kindness, no matter what...!
Hina: Oh, yeah. That's more like our Eve-chan.
Eve: Yes! The current me has the strength of 100-... No, 1,000 warriors! I will put forth every effort for the people who believed in me. That is my bushido!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
