event143-03 Chapter 2: Social Media Reactions

The day after the first "All Day＊Bushido" broadcast, Eve is upset to see the response on social media...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Talent Agency]

Eve: I'll search for "Pastel＊Palettes" and "radio"...
Eve: "Honestly, it wasn't very good. I was a little let down."  "Are all radio shows like this?"  "It was boring, and it didn't really suit Eve-chan."
Hina: Good morning! Ah, I spy Eve-chan♪
Maya: Good work yesterday, Eve-san. How was your first show?
Eve: Well, I was nervous...
Hina: Hmm... Honestly, I didn't think it was very boppin'. You seemed kinda different from usual.
Maya: H-Hina-san... Although, I also felt like you weren't having too good of a time, Eve-san... Did something happen?
Eve: T-to tell you the truth...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Previous Night]

[Radio Booth]

Eve: Good evening! I'm happy to be working with you all today.
Radio Staff: Good evening~. Now, shall we get right to it? This is the new script. There have been a few changes from the last script we sent you, so please take a look.
Eve: Okay, thank you. I will read over it right away.
Eve: Wow... I have even more lines than before! But I suppose that is how it should be since I am the only one talking.
Eve: Erm... For the Listener's Letters segment... It says here that I should say "That is unacceptable. You must work harder."
Eve: Um, is this just a provisional line?
Radio Staff: No, we need you to say everything that's in that script.
Eve: Huh? B-but, then I won't be able to communicate with the listeners in my own words.
Radio Staff: Eve-san, this is a live broadcast, so we can't afford for you to make  any mistakes. Your listeners won't just be Pastel＊Palettes fans, but radio show fans too.
Radio Staff: This is your first time doing radio, right? Would you be able to handle yourself if something went wrong while you're on air?
Eve: W-well, I'm not sure, but... this is-
Radio Staff: Please leave this to the pros. You won't make any mistakes if you just follow the script. Now, we don't have any more time, so let's run through it.
Eve: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: That is what happened.
Hina: I see. So that's why it was so boring. The radio staff don't get you at all, Eve-chan.
Eve: I received many letters from our fans, but I could not answer a single one of them in my own words...
Eve: ... It kind of felt like I was all alone in that booth.
Maya: That must have felt awful... Especially since you were so set on making it a great show...
Eve: But I understand the viewpoint of the staff members too. I am inexperienced with radio, and there are many people involved in making this show, so I can not afford to fail...
Maya: Eve-san...
Hina: But are you okay with doing it like this? I think the fans will be disappointed if you can't be yourself.
Eve: Of course it can not go on like this. I want to make it a great show that everyone can enjoy... And I want the staff to understand how I feel.
Eve: But yesterday, I was scolded when I went just a little off-script...
Hina: Was that because they don't want you to mess up or something?
Hina: It sounds like the staff don't really know us that well. Like, we've ad-libbed on other shows before.
Maya: I know! Why don't you write a proposal to show them what kind of show you'd like it to be?
Eve: I see! That is a wonderful idea.
Hina: They're really missing out if they don't know what's so interesting about you, Eve-chan. You should show them what you've got in that proposal like, bang, shebang!
Maya: That's right. Let's work hard and make them understand you properly! I'll help too!
Eve: Fufu, thank you both. I will do my best for the fans!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): Grrr~...
PAREO (Reona): "Eve Wakamiya's new radio show was boring." "She's just an idol, after all. They should've kept the old show." "Pastel＊Palettes is not ready for radio at all."
PAREO (Reona): Ahhh~, they just don't get it!
CHU² (Chiyu): What?! Ugh, PAREO! Don't scare me like that!
PAREO (Reona): Ah- M-my apologies CHU²-sama!
CHU² (Chiyu): You've been groaning and staring at your phone this whole time. It's a nuisance! I can't focus on my work at all.
PAREO (Reona): I-I deeply apologize, Master! I-I will be quieter.
CHU² (Chiyu): Please do... So?
PAREO (Reona): Huh?
CHU² (Chiyu): What were you groaning about?
PAREO (Reona): Oh, it is nothing you need worry about, CHU²-sama.
CHU² (Chiyu): It's fine. Tell me everything. That's an order.
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama... Hngh~! I am frustrated as people are speaking ill of Eve-chan's radio show~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Again with Pastel＊Palettes... You sure do like them a lot.
PAREO (Reona): Well... Pastel＊Palettes are like a shining light to me.
PAREO (Reona): Before I met Pastel＊Palettes, I was always alone, and my days were colored grey. However, after meeting the five of them, my days were brought to life with pastel colors.
CHU² (Chiyu): That video you posted was a Pastel＊Palettes song too, wasn't it? I remember thinking it sounded like you were quite attached to that song.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu. If you think about it, I guess we also met thanks to Pastel＊Palettes. They played Cupid for our fated meeting~♪
CHU² (Chiyu): Yeah, yeah.
PAREO (Reona): Pastel＊Palettes are special to me, as they helped me take the step forward I needed to become the person I am today. So as their number one fan, I want to keep supporting them!
PAREO (Reona): That is why I wish to do anything within my power for them... That is how I feel.
CHU² (Chiyu): Then you should. You just need to crush any stupid criticism and slander with your support.
PAREO (Reona): You are right... I shall crush them 1,000 times over with my cheers!
PAREO (Reona): CHU²-sama, thank you very much for listening.
CHU² (Chiyu): Whatever. Great. Now that that's out of the way, bring me some jerky.
PAREO (Reona): Ufufu, CHU²-sama~♪ I have enough love to go around for both you  and Pastel＊Palettes, so there is no need to be jealous~.
CHU² (Chiyu): Just get me some jerky already!
PAREO (Reona): Yes, Master♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
