event143-02 Chapter 1: An Unexpected Event

After the event, PAREO sits at a café and happily admires the merchandise she bought, when a certain group of people appear...!

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Reona Nyubara)

[After the Release Event]

[Café]

PAREO (Reona): (Time to look at the goods I got... This is just one of the many joys of events♪)
PAREO (Reona): (I'll line up the CDs I bought. One for preservation, one for display, one for practical use, and one for sharing~... Mm~, cute Pastel＊Palettes CDs in a cute café! What a perfect photo!)
???: Everybody, this way, this way~! Look, it's this place♪
???: Aya-chan, you don't have to rush so much. The shop isn't going anywhere.
PAREO (Reona): Oh? That voice...
Hina: Hey, it's PARE-chan! What're you doing here?
PAREO (Reona): H-H-Hina-chan! And everyone else! What are you doing here?
Aya: We've been busy lately, so we thought we'd refresh ourselves a little. I've been wanting to come to this café with everyone.
Eve: Yes, it is a very lovely place.
Eve: Ah, you have so many of our CDs!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, after your events, I always line up the goods I got and take pictures of them. I like to preserve my memories involving Pastel＊Palettes.
Eve: Wow... I am so pleased! PAREO-san, please let me give you a hug of appreciation!
PAREO (Reona): Huh? A-a hug?! N-n-no, I couldn't~! I-it would be disrespectful~!
Chisato: Eve-chan, you can't just hug people. Now you've made PAREO-chan all flustered. Sorry about that.
Maya: PAREO-san, you've come to some of our other events too, right? Thank you for always supporting us.
PAREO (Reona): N-no, you don't need to thank me... It is my pleasure! I do it because I enjoy it! So thank you very much for holding them.
PAREO (Reona): (I never imagined that I would be able to see all the members of my favorite band in their regular clothes in public~! This is a happiness overdose...!)
Eve: What's the matter, PAREO-san?
PAREO (Reona): N-no, it's nothing!
Eve: PAREO-san, I saw a video recording of your performance at the Budokan! You played the keyboard excellently!
Chisato: Yes, everyone in RAS has impressive intensity and skill.
Aya: LAYER-chan's singing was so cool... I felt like I was gonna cry...
Maya: And your performance was not only overwhelming, but it was emotional too! It really drew me in! I get goosebumps just thinking about it!
Aya: We've always wanted to play at the Budokan, haven't we?
Chisato: Yes, of course.
Hina: Yeah. It'd be so boppidy boppin' to stand on that stage together♪ And besides, I wanna stand on the stage my sister stood on too!
PAREO (Reona): (My favorite band is standing in front of me talking about their dreams... Is it really okay for me to watch this for free? I should pay... Where can I pay for this?!)
Hina: Ah, hey, hey! Since you're here, why don't you have a drink with us, PARE-chan?
Eve: Wow, that would be nice. What do you think, PAREO-san?
PAREO (Reona): Huh, really?! Ah, no, it cannot be...
Chisato: Hina-chan, Eve-chan, don't force her to if she doesn't want to. She looks even more flustered now.
Chisato: And besides... I think it is better to avoid singling out fans for special treatment.
Hina: Huh? But PARE-chan isn't just a fan, she's in a band too.
Chisato: I know that, but... She came today as a fan, so from the perspective of other fans, it might look like special treatment.
Aya: Th-that's true... It might...!
Chisato: Um... I'm sorry to say it so bluntly like this, PAREO-chan. It's not like we don't want to have a drink with you.
Hina: Huh? Can't we just call her a friend who's also a fan?! Can't she be both?
Eve: PAREO-san holds both friendship and admiration toward us... In other words, she is gifted in both the shield and the sword!
Maya: Ahaha... I-I have a feeling that's a bit different.
Aya: But maybe she can be both a fan and a friend...!
Chisato: Who's side are you on, Aya-chan...?
Aya: Ngh~, I don't know! I get both sides~.
PAREO (Reona): Um, it is fine. Please do not be concerned about me!
PAREO (Reona): I was just about to return home, so I shall leave you all here. Thank you very much for today!
Eve: PAREO-san, I hope we meet again.
Hina: Let's have tea together next time!
PAREO (Reona): Sure!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Another Day]

[Nyubara Residence - PAREO's Room]

PAREO (Reona): Phew~... It's almost time for Eve-chan's radio show...
PAREO (Reona): My heart will not stop pounding~!
Eve: Good evening, everyone. Today is the first broadcast of All Day＊Bushido, with Eve Wakamiya of Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa~! It has begun!
Eve: This show will be hosted by yours truly, Eve Wakamiya. I think some listeners may not know me, so allow me to introduce myself.
PAREO (Reona): Huh...? For some reason, Eve-chan doesn't sound very cheerful.
Eve: Now, please enjoy this new song by Pastel＊Palettes.
PAREO (Reona): It is the first show, so it might be nerves. I am cheering for you, Eve-chan~♪
(Black cut)
Eve: That is all for today's show. I look forward to receiving more letters from you all.
PAREO (Reona): ...
Eve: ... Um! I will do my best! I want to make this a fun show together with you all, so, please... Keep tuning in!
Eve: ... A-anyhow, this is Eve Wakamiya of Pastel＊Palettes, signing off. See you next time.
PAREO (Reona): Ah, it ended...
PAREO (Reona): ... I wonder if Eve-chan was feeling under the weather or something... I hope she's okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
