event143-01 Opening: PAREO's Fan Activity

PAREO is in high spirits at Pastel＊Palettes' release event. A surprise announcement is made at the venue.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

CHU² (Chiyu): Exemplary! Okay, let's end today's lesson here.
PAREO (Reona): Good work, everybody~♪
LAYER (Rei): You sounded really good today, PAREO.
PAREO (Reona): Truthfully? Thank you very much~♪
MASKING (Masuki): Yeah, you made me get real into it. Hey, do you guys wanna go to Asahi Bathhouse after this?
LOCK (Rokka): Wow! That would be nice! Please come over, everybody!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not going.
LAYER (Rei): But the post-bath fruit-flavored milk there is so delicious...
CHU² (Chiyu): Agh...! I-I said I'm not going!
MASKING (Masuki): Their ice cream is pretty good too. Come on, CHU².
PAREO (Reona): Hngh~, my apologies, everyone. I would like to go with you all, but today I must take my leave.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, I see. That's too bad. Do you have other plans?
PAREO (Reona): Ufufufu~♪ To tell you the truth, there is a Pastel＊Palettes release event on today~! I have been looking forward to it for quite some time♪
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, so that's why you were in such a good mood today.
CHU² (Chiyu): Unbelievable. Look at the face you're making right now...
MASKING (Masuki): Man, I wanted to check out Maya-san's drummin'~. You better invite me next time, PAREO.
PAREO (Reona): Ah, sure. I always do things solo, so I am not accustomed to inviting others... But I shall invite you along next time, Massu-san♪
MASKING (Masuki): You better! But man, I'm jealous. Pastel＊Palettes is so dang cute.
PAREO (Reona): They truly are~! Did you see the cover art for their new song?! It was just so, so adorable~! Ah, I shall show you. Erm, I wonder where I put it~...♪
LAYER (Rei): Whoa... Your phone is filled with pictures of Pastel＊Palettes...!
LOCK (Rokka): Th-there are quite a lot... It's like a never-ending collection of Pastel＊Palettes photos and videos. Ah, Aya-senpai's smile is so nice in this one~!
MASKING (Masuki): Oh, it is too.
LAYER (Rei): Pastel＊Palettes really shine and inspire on stage. They truly are idols. Their ability to please the crowd is amazing, or rather-
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph. Their showmanship isn't bad either. However, their target and genre are completely different from ours.
MASKING (Masuki): I guess. But that level of cuteness is somethin' we don't have. They're seriously good at their instruments, and on top of that, they're adorable. The gap between the two is great.
PAREO (Reona): RAS is cute too! We are the one and only best band! Our strength is unwavering.
PAREO (Reona): But my point is, Pastel＊Palettes is invincible~♪ When I see the five of them together, my heart warms my entire chest, and I feel so overwhelmed with love for them~.
LOCK (Rokka): I really get what you mean, PAREO-san~! That's how I feel when I watch Poppin'Party. It's like heat rises inside of me, and I get so happy.
PAREO (Reona): Wow, I am so glad that you understand! The time we spend supporting our favorite people is truly blissful...
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, PAREO. Have you looked at the time?
PAREO (Reona): Ah! O-oh no~! Excuse me, I must be going~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Unbelievable. What a racket.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. But it's nice to have something you like that much, don't you think?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Event Hall]

PAREO (Reona): (I-I somehow made it on time~ Fufu♪ And I have procured a great spot~!)
PAREO (Reona): (My hair looks fine! My clothes are wrinkle-free! My light stick is ready on standby! Pastel＊Palettes full support mode... is go!)
Aya: Hello, everybody!
All: We are Pastel＊Palettes!
Fans: Kyaaa!
PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa~! Aya-chan! Chisato-san! Maya-san! Eve-chan! Hina-chan~!
Hina: Wow, what a cheer! I can hear all of your voices♪
Aya: Thank you for coming to our release event today! I am so happy to see you all.
Eve: Yes! I have been waiting an eternity for this!
Maya: I would also like to quickly unveil our new song! It has quite a nice chord progression right before the chorus, and- Ah, sorry! I'm getting carried away. Huhehe...
Chisato: Maya-chan... But just as she said, it is a wonderful new song. I hope you all enjoy it until the very end.
PAREO (Reona): (What?! H-how can they be this cute...?! It's just too much for me to handle... They're too cute~.)
Aya: Now, please lend us your ears! This is our new song.
(Black cut)
Aya: Unfortunately, our time today is coming to an end. Did everybody enjoy themselves~?
Fan A: It was incredible!
PAREO (Reona): (Ngh... It truly was... The new song was excellent...! I wonder why I get teary when I like something so much...)
Chisato: Now, we have a big announcement to make before we go.
Hina: It's quite a surprising one. Is everybody ready?
PAREO (Reona): A b-big announcement? What is it?!
Aya: And now for the announcement! Maya-chan, drumroll, please.
Maya: Okay! Here we go~!
Eve: I, Eve Wakamiya, am going to host a radio show~!
Hina: Yaaay! Congrats, Eve-chan!
Fans: Whoa! Congratulations!
PAREO (Reona): W-wow!
Eve: Thank you, everybody! The show will be called "All Day＊Bushido"! I will do my best, so please keep up your support.
Maya: I'm so excited for you! Huhehe... When I heard about it, I thought, wow, radio would be perfect for Eve-san.
Aya: I totally get what you mean~. Eve-chan is so serious about everything she does, and she's very kind.
Aya: Also, Eve-chan's words hold a lot of power, so I think it will be quite a feel-good show for the listeners.
Eve: Aya-san, Maya-san...
Hina: It sure will be. She always speaks up when she thinks something's wrong.
Eve: Thank you, everyone! I want to use this show to talk with lots of my listeners!
Chisato: Fufu. Eve-chan, you're getting quite worked up.
Eve: Yes! This is my fighting spirit!
Maya: I heard they're collecting letters for the first broadcast, so please feel free to send some in.
All: Thank you for your support!
PAREO (Reona): (Wow~! I cannot wait for Eve-chan's radio show! I must send in lots of letters to support her!)
PAREO (Reona): (Sigh~... The new song was so good, and their talk was the cutest thing I've ever seen... And now there will be a wonderful radio show... Pastel＊Palettes are truly the best...!)
