event143-07 Ending: Full House at the Open Recording

PAREO and the RAS members attend the open recording session to cheer Eve on...

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[Another Day]

[Open Recording Session Venue]

LOCK (Rokka): Whoa~! It's so crowded!
PAREO (Reona): That is because this is the first open recording of All Day＊Bushido!
CHU² (Chiyu): Argh~, why are there so many people here?! I can't see a thing! Everybody in front, crouch down!
MASKING (Masuki): Wanna hitch a ride on my shoulders?
CHU² (Chiyu): No, thank you!
LAYER (Rei): Fufu, this might be my first time using a light stick. Is there a trick to how you wave it?
PAREO (Reona): Each member does have their own color, but I think all you need to do is wave it and enjoy yourself.
PAREO (Reona): Ah, without inconveniencing anyone around you, of course. It is important to coexist peacefully with everybody♪
LAYER (Rei): Enjoy myself... peacefully... Thanks, I will give it a try...!
MASKING (Masuki): You're so serious. Don't think too hard about it, Rei.
LOCK (Rokka): PAREO-san, thank you for inviting us here today.
LAYER (Rei): Yeah. I may never have had this chance if you hadn't.
PAREO (Reona): Do not mention it! I just thought I would like to share this experience with my favorite people.
LOCK (Rokka): Well, we're happy to be here!
MASKING (Masuki): Sure are! Even CHU² came~.
CHU² (Chiyu): I just thought that it was necessary to check out the competition, even if they play a different genre.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I am happy to be here with you all too♪ Ah... It's starting.
Eve: Hello, everybody! Thank you for coming out to today's open recording session of All Day＊Bushido~!
PAREO (Reona): Kyaaa! Eve-chan~!
Fans: Kyaaa!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...! Th-that gave me a fright...
Eve: Now, I would like to introduce today's guest. It's Pastel＊Palettes~!
Chisato, Aya, Maya & Hina: Hello!
Aya: Let's have fun today, Eve-chan.
Eve: Of course! Now, please listen to our new song.
(Black cut)
Eve: Thank you very much! What did everyone think of that?
Fans: It was the best!
MASKING (Masuki): Maya-saaan! You rock!
CHU² (Chiyu): ...♪
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I see that you are enjoying this too, CHU²-sama.
CHU² (Chiyu): N-no, I'm not!
LAYER (Rei): I've done backup for idols before, but Pastel＊Palettes are amazing... Their stage presence really makes you smile.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes~! My heart is pounding~!
Eve: We will now begin broadcasting. And we'll start with your favorite segment~!
Eve, Aya, Chisato, Hina & Maya: Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang!
(Black cut)
Eve: Thank you for all of your letters! Special All Day＊Bushido stickers will be sent out to all listeners whose letters were read on air today♪
Chisato: Eve-chan, you've gotten very good at hosting. All your hard work must have paid off.
Eve: Ehehe, thank you!
Aya: Yeah, yeah. But I won't lose, I'm gonna work harber...! Hngh... I messed up already~.
Hina: Ahahaha! Classic Aya-chan!
Eve: Yes! I think your way of hosting is great, Aya-san. It is warm and fluffy.
Maya: Eve-san, your radio show is fun, but it also feels comfortable. I think it's a really good one.
Eve: Thank you very much! But this show isn't just mine alone. It is a show made by me, the staff, and the listeners.
Eve: I want to make it into a show where we can listen to one another properly.
PAREO (Reona): (Eve-chan...)
Eve: Through this show, I hope to spread the word about Pastel＊Palettes all over the country to have more and more people know about us... Then we will eventually conquer all of Japan!
Hina: That's the spirit~, Eve-chan!
Chisato: Fufu, I thought it sounded strange the first time you said that, but perhaps that's just another one of our dreams as Pastel＊Palettes.
Maya: Perhaps. The possibilities are endless.
Eve: Let's work hard together~!
Fans: Yeah!
Eve: The look on all your faces right now is so splendid! I will keep this scene in my mind as I work diligently.
Eve: ...!
PAREO (Reona): (Ah, our eyes locked...!)
Eve: ...!
PAREO (Reona): Ahhh~! I-I am the happiest girl in the world~!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, PAREO! You're being too loud!
PAREO (Reona): Sorry, CHU²-sama! Ufufu. Ah~, I'm blushing!
Eve: Please keep supporting us!
PAREO (Reona): Of course! I will support you for the rest of my life! My love for Pastel＊Palettes is eternal~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
