event143-06 Chapter 5: 1,000 Times More of Your Love

Eve gains courage from the support of her fans. She heads to the radio station with a proposal.

(Character: Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya, Reona Nyubara)

[Radio Booth]

Eve: Hello! I'm looking forward to working with you all again today!
Radio Staff: Hello, Eve-san.
Eve: Erm, I prepared this on my own. Please read it!
Radio Staff: Is this... a proposal?
Eve: Yes. I wish to speak to the listeners in my own words, not the ones from the script you gave me.
Eve: I do understand what you said about having a script. However, could I possibly get you to trust me on this? I beg of you!
Radio Staff: ... This proposal is very well-thought-out.
Eve: Th-thank you.
Radio Staff: I had always thought that avoiding mistakes on air should be our priority, but...
Radio Staff: Honestly, after seeing the response on social media, I've been wondering if I should change this policy... And your proposal has just made me reach my decision.
Radio Staff: I think it would be good to try something new that we haven't done before together with you, Eve-san... Let's make this show together.
Eve: Thank you so much! I want to make this show into one that the listeners will really enjoy!
Radio Staff: Yes, as do I. Now, shall we start our meeting?
Eve: Yes! Thank you!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Maya: Really?! That's great, Eve-san!
Eve: Thank you for helping me so much, Maya-san.
Maya: No, I didn't do anything... It's all thanks to your efforts and the support of your fans.
Eve: Yes! Especially this "REO-REO" person who posted so diligently about me... Huh?
Maya: What's wrong, Eve-san?
Eve: I feel like I've seen this photograph... somewhere before... Could this person perhaps be... PAREO-san?!
Maya: What?! You really think so?
Eve: It is the same as the picture that PAREO-san took when we saw her at a café recently!
Maya: That's right, she was lining up CDs to take a photo. I didn't even realize... It was PAREO-san all along.
Eve: I must thank her in person!
Maya: W-wait a moment, Eve-san!
Eve: Huh?
Maya: Well, PAREO-san has been supporting you all this time as "REO-REO." I think it would be better not to bring it up until she mentions it.
Eve: B-but, I was only able to succeed thanks to her. I would like to convey my gratitude.
Maya: Hm~, I do understand how you feel, Eve-san...
Maya: I've got it! Why don't you try and thank her in a different way?
Maya: Eve-san, could you lend me your ear for a second? ... How about...? And then...
Eve: ... What a wonderful idea! That is brilliant, Maya-san!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Nyubara Residence - PAREO's Room]

PAREO (Reona): It's almost time for tonight's broadcast. I do hope Eve-chan is feeling better today...
PAREO (Reona): It will be fine... After all, she has me...!
Eve: Good evening, everyone! This is Eve Wakamiya from Pastel＊Palettes. Welcome to tonight's All Day＊Bushido.
Eve: I would like to make this show into something very fun with all of you, so I am waiting for your letters.
PAREO (Reona): Thank goodness~! Eve-chan sounds like her usual self today!
Eve: We're going to start a new segment from today onwards. This segment will be called, "Pastel＊Palettes Heart, Soul, and Spirit! Bang!"
PAREO (Reona): It echoed~! That was so adorable~♪
Eve: In this segment, I will tackle the problems and worries of our listeners with my heart, soul, and spirit. Now, without further ado, let's hear from our first listener.
Eve: This was sent in by a listener who calls themselves Himawari-san. "I'm always so sleepy during afternoon classes, and I can't help but nod off. Eve-chan, please help me out!"
Eve: Himawari-san, you must not fall asleep! I shall send you some of my fighting spirit! Brace yourself!
PAREO (Reona): Ahaha! Wow, what was that sound just now?!
Eve: I do understand how you feel, though. How about taking a nap during your lunch break? You may need to refresh yourself.
Eve: Listeners whose letters were read out on air will be sent a special All Day＊Bushido sticker!
PAREO (Reona): I want a sticker~. I hope she reads my letter too.
Eve: We have prepared many other new segments, so let's move onto the next one.
(Black cut)
Eve: It is almost time for us to say goodbye for this evening.
PAREO (Reona): Huh, already?! That was too quick! Fufu, but I'm glad Eve-chan seems to be enjoying herself today!
Eve: This last segment is called, "Eve Wakamiya's Daily Diligence." In this segment, I will discuss my recent practices and results.
Eve: Right now, #AllBushi and #SupportPastel＊Palettes are trending online.
Eve: I looked at some of these posts together with the other members. They were all such thoughtful posts, I was moved to tears...
Eve: I was so happy that you are all watching us so closely.
Eve: To "REO-REO", "Piyo-chan", "Pastel＊PalettesLove", and so many others, I would like to say thank you very much for posting!
PAREO (Reona): Huh?! Did she just say "REO-REO"...?!
Eve: We would like to give our fans courage and dreams, but this time, we were the ones receiving all the gifts.
Eve: Even though I am alone in this radio booth right now, I know that I have many friends because of Pastel＊Palettes. When I think of that, I feel happiness and bushido well up inside me!
Eve: I'd like to continue paving the way together with you all. Thank you all for the support!
Eve: I have received "1,000 times more of your love!"
PAREO (Reona): ...!
Eve: Now, let's finish today's show with a song. This is "Pasupa Revolutions☆" by Pastel＊Palettes.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Reona: Ahh~, Pastel＊Palettes songs really are the best~. They give me energy. They give me hope...! How can they be this cute...?
Reona: People give them trouble for lip-syncing, but they really are trying their best...
Reona: I see... Pastel＊Palettes aren't just "cute." They're straightforward about what they like, and have the strength to move forward. That's why they shine so brightly...
Reona: I want to be honest with what I like too... Just like Pastel＊Palettes...!
Reona: ... Maybe I should try playing a Pastel＊Palettes song. I'll give  it a go...! I want to turn what I like into something material...!
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

PAREO (Reona): ...
(White cut)
(Background change)
PAREO (Reona): ... I love them so much... Thank you, Eve-chan.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
