event252-02 Chapter 1: Sudden Confusion

While distracted by the offer to perform at AMF, Lisa overhears Iikura's unexpected words.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[In Front of The Agency]

Yukina: ... Then, let me know again what you guys think about All Music Fes. when we practice next week.
All: Yeees! Yes.
Rinko: Ako-chan, what have you been looking at on your smartphone since a while ago...?
Ako: The performers for All Music Fes! They've already announced more than half of them!
Ako: Wow, Mira-san is going to be there too!? And I saw this band on a music show yesterday! Wow~, we're going to perform with these people~ ...!
Sayo: Udagawa-san. It hasn't been decided yet that we'll be on the show.
Ako: I know, but it's exciting~! Look, the band that Sayo-san mentioned before you've been listening to lately is also going to be there!
Lisa: Ahaha, you're getting excited~. Well, I understand how you feel.
Lisa: How do you feel about All Music Fes., Yukina?
Yukina: Well... I'd love to perform.
Sayo: But, Minato-san...
Yukina: Yes. When we consider the production schedule of the album, there's a possibility we end up with only a half-hearted effort on both fronts.
Yukina: But no matter how busy we are, it's worth giving it our all.
Yukina: To be on a big stage like AMF... It's one of the reasons we became professionals in the first place.
Sayo & Rinko: ...!
Yukina: But of course this is just my opinion. I hope you will all think it over and come to your own conclusion.
Lisa: It's an important decision for Roselia... I'll look into All Music Fes. in more detail and think it over too!
Lisa: Huh...?
Rinko: Imai-san, is something wrong...?
Lisa: No, when I opened my bag, I didn't find my score in it... Did I leave it at the agency? Sorry, I'll hurry and get it, just wait a minute!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Music Agency - Staff Room]

Lisa: I'm glad I found it right away~. I've got everyone waiting, and I've gotta get back soon--
???: ...!
Lisa: Hey, are those voices... Harumi-san and Iikura-san?
Harumi: That's why ...!
Lisa: T-There seems to be some sort of argument going on...? It doesn't sound like a good atmosphere to butt in, so I'll sneak back out before anyone notices...
Iikura: ...Why did you tell them about AMF?
Lisa: ...Eh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Iikura: Shouldn't you have been a bit more careful about asking them to appear?
Harumi: I understand your point of view, Iikura-san. But as I have told you many times, our agency sees this as a great opportunity.
Harumi: Of course, we also understand the risks Iikura-san presented. The possible delay in the production of the 2nd album, potentially leading to a decline in the quality of the newly written songs...
Harumi: And in the unlikely event that we fail on the big stage of AMF, the reputation of Roselia in the music industry may change drastically.
Harumi: However, our agency still thinks that it is quite worthwhile for Roselia to appear in AMF.
Iikura: ...
Harumi: ... Allow me to ask you, not as a manager, but as a personal question. What are you so worried about, Iikura-san?
Iikura: ... So let me give my personal opinion.
Iikura: Even if Roselia performs at AMF as they are now, there's nothing to be gained from it.
Lisa: (What...!?)
Harumi: I-Iikura-san...!
Iikura: Roselia still seems to be taking the professional world too lightly. If they are to take the big stage at AMF in that state--.
Iikura: They will surely fail.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: ...gasp!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Huff, puff...
Lisa: (What was that story about Harumi-san and Iikura-san? ... Roselia take the professional world too lightly...)
Rinko: ... Imai-san ...? Did you find something you forgot...?
Lisa: ! I-I'm sorry, I'm fine! Oh, sorry, it's okay! It seems like I left it on the studio floor.
Yukina: You must've come back in a great hurry. You're sweating a lot.
Lisa: Uh-huh. I didn't want to keep you guys waiting! Ahaha ...
Ako: Ah! Everyone, look at this online article! It's entitled “Producer Iikura talks about the future of the music industry"! I wonder if he talks about Roselia too~.
Sayo: Iikura-san also takes on various other artists. I don't think we should expect too much from him.
Yukina: I'm grateful we're being assigned to someone who is so highly regarded as to be mentioned in these articles.
Ako: That's right! I wondered what would happen at one point, but he's very reliable, I'm glad to have him in charge of Roselia!
Lisa: ...
Rinko: ...Is something wrong, Imai-san?
Lisa: ...Naw, it's nothing! Well then, let's go home.
Rinko: Imai-san...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Huh... I heard a disgusting story... I wonder why Iikura-san said that...
Lisa: I thought he recognized Roselia a little. Maybe I should talk to everyone else about it once...
Lisa: No, it's still no good. Finally, everyone accepts Iikura-san, and we're moving in the right direction.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Iikura: Roselia still seem to be taking the professional world too lightly.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Lisa: We don't take it too lightly... Since we became professionals, we've been working hard in our own way, Didn't Iikura-san recognize that, too?
Lisa: ...Or maybe our skills aren't yet at a level where we can perform at All Music Fes.? But we've been asked to perform anyway...
Lisa: Ughhh, I'm bewildered...! I wonder how I can make them understand that we are serious about it...
Lisa: Hmmm? A group chat message from Ako...?
Ako: Iikura-san's article also mentioned Roselia, though only a little bit! I'll post a screenshot of the article!
Lisa: ... I wonder what Iikura-san says about Roselia in public...
Lisa: Well... "Roselia and other up-and-coming girl bands will prove that the future of the music industry is bright--."
Lisa: ... Prove that the future of the music industry is bright, huh? He's saying it in a nice way, but...
Lisa: Yes, prove... if we prove Roselia is serious, even Iikura-san would...!
Lisa: ... We'll go to All Music Fes.
Lisa: If we can get the right results on such a big stage, Iikura-san will recognize Roselia's seriousness.
Lisa: ...Yeah. I'm sure we can do it now...!
