event252-03 Chapter 2: To Prove That We Are Serious

Roselia decides to perform at AMF. People around them are elated by the news.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane, Rokka Asahi)

[A Few Days Later]

[Music Agency - Studio]

Yukina: We're all here. Now let me hear what you have to say about our performance in All Music Fes.
Lisa: Um, can I start first?
Yukina: Lisa...? Yes, of course.
Lisa: I want to go to All Music Fes. No, I think we should.
Sayo: Why is that ...?
Lisa: Yukina said it before, right? It's rare for a fledgling band to be invited to All Music Fes.
Lisa: That's why I want to go. I don't think we should waste such a big chance.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: And All Music Fes. is the biggest stage that Roselia has ever been on. The bands performing with us are all amazing...
Lisa: To be on such a stage, it's a big plus for Roselia!
Lisa: I'm sure there will be a lot to gain from it...!
Lisa: Besides, I want to prove that Roselia is so amazing!
Rinko: Who are we... proving it to...?
Lisa: The audience and people in the music industry of course... To everyone!
All: ...
Lisa: W-what about you guys...?
Yukina: I pretty much agree. AMF will be a necessary guidepost for Roselia--. That's how I feel.
Ako: Of course I want to appear there!
Rinko: I have different reasons from Imai-san...but I share the same opinion that I want to perform there...
Rinko: Even if we have worries... I thought that stopping for that reason would be out of character for us...
Lisa: How about you, Sayo...?
Sayo: I also came to this place with the desire to perform at All Music Fes., but, even so, until a moment ago, there was hesitation in my heart.
Sayo: However, Imai-san's words have strengthened my resolve. As for the production schedule for the 2nd album, let's discuss it again with Harumi-san and Iikura-san.
Lisa: Wow...!!
Yukina: Then it's decided. When we're done practicing, let's go tell Harumi-san that we'll accept the request to perform at All Music Fes.
Lisa: Yeah!! You guys, let's show people coming to All Music Fes. what Roselia can really do!
All: Yes. Yeah! Yes!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2-A]

Ako: Good morning, everyone!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Ako-chan! Is it true that Roselia is going to perform at All Music Fes.!?
Ako: It's true! I see, they've already announced it!
LOCK (Rokka): I saw the announcement of additional artists on the official social media. Roselia is going to be at that All Music Fes.... That's amazing!
LOCK (Rokka): I wonder how many tens of thousands of people will be at All Music Fes.... Hmmm~... Ever since I saw the announcement, I've been feeling nervous as though I'm the one appearing.
Ako: That only makes me look forward to it even more! Ako's chest is burning with excitement!
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan, you have a lot of guts...
LOCK (Rokka): By the way, it's pretty rare to see Roselia at an outdoor festival, isn't it?
Ako: That's right! That's why we're practicing a lot right now! Rokka, you were at a big outdoor festival called Flower Jam, right? How was it, it's gotta be different as expected right!?
LOCK (Rokka): Well, to be honest, it was our first time supporting so I was completely overwhelmed, I don't remember many details...
LOCK (Rokka): Still, maybe the atmosphere was different from a solo live show and events we usually perform at.
LOCK (Rokka): I can't really put it into words, but the audience and the performing bands were all so glaring... There was a lot of pressure in that respect.
LOCK (Rokka): I was impressed how LAYER-san and Masuki-san can stand on stage like that so often.
Ako: Glaring~...! Hearing Rokka's story makes Ako even more motivated!
Ako: I'm going to practice super, super, super hard and make sure the real thing is a success! Maybe I should practice more on my own?
LOCK (Rokka): Ako-chan, you should do so in moderation, or you won't last until the real thing~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Sayo: ... I guess I've gotten this part down. Next is--
Sayo: ... Oh? A message from Kirigaya-san.
Toko: Is it true that Roselia is going to play at All Music Fes.!? I've been bragging about it to everyone, and even the girls who don't know much about bands all said it's super awesome!
Toko: I'm so proud my master is going to play at such a big festival!
Sayo: Fufu... I can't give an embarrassing performance during the real thing.
Sayo: (All Music Fes. is the biggest stage to date for Roselia. And the performers are all the best of the best among professionals...)
Sayo: (I'm not sure how well my guitar and Roselia's performance will do... To be honest, I have some concerns.)
Sayo: (But if we could perform on such a stage and put on a performance we can be proud of...)
Sayo: (Then I think I would be qualified to stand next to Hina. Next to her, who always keeps marching on without hesitation...)
Sayo: (... No, let's not think about Hina right now. Thinking about what will happen next when the live show hasn't even started yet will just trip me up...)
Sayo: First of all, I have to prepare perfectly for the live show right ahead. That's all I need to do.
