event252-05 Chapter 4: Shock and Determination

The day of AMF arrives, and the five of them witness the performance of the other bands…

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day of the Festival]

[AMF - Dressing Room]

Harumi: Now, here is your dressing room today! Good luck with AMF!
Lisa: Yes! Thanks for showing us around, Harumi-san!
Ako: How spacious! This whole room is just for us alone!? Wow, there are candies too!
Sayo: Udagawa-san is in high spirits even on such a big stage.
Ako: Ehehe, Ako is super duper fired up today! After all, Roselia is “an up-and-coming girls' band proving that the future of the music industry is bright!"
Rinko: Ako-chan... You must really like Iikura-san's words from that online article...
Yukina: At any rate, we've done everything we need to do by this point. Let's not be too uptight and give it our all as usual.
All: Yeah! Yes!
Harumi: What are you guys going to do now? We still have quite a bit of time left. You can do whatever you want until the standby time.
Ako: Well then, I'd like to go see some other people's performances!
Sayo: I agree. I've had the opportunity to observe several bands in rehearsal, and I learned a lot from their performance and staging.
Lisa: I know what you mean~. They were so powerful in rehearsal alone, so they'll be even more impressive on stage.
Yukina: Let's go. There must be a lot to learn today. Let's take it all home without missing a single bit. For the future of Roselia--.
Audience Member: Woahhhhh...!
Lisa: What? What was that... Was the audience so loud it reaches all the way here?
Ako: Wow! There must be tons of people who came to see the show! Rinrin, let's go!
Rinko: Oh, yeah...!
Lisa: ...
Lisa: (Don't worry, don't be nervous. Just as Yukina said, we've done everything we can do. ...Roselia will be on stage at All Music Fes. as professionals...!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[AMF - Venue]

Ako: Lisa-nee, you're late~! Come on, quick, quick!
Lisa: Sorry, sorry. Which band is playing next?
Sayo: I think I saw the time schedule on the official website...
All: ... gasp!?
Lisa: The sound pressure was amazing from the beginning...! I don't remember any band making such a sound...!?
Ako: It's like the sound is piercing through my whole body...! It's totally different from the rehearsal...!
Yukina: The passion is something else, too. It's not just hot... it's an almost terrifying intensity...!
Lisa: It's not just because the audience are here too... right!?
Sayo: Yeah. It's more like... It's like they're exposing all of their feelings and hitting you with them...It's even a somewhat suffocating performance.
Rinko: It's tragic...
Lisa: What...?
Rinko: It's intense, sharp and ... a painful cry of the heart... It's just beautiful and irrepressibly heartbreaking... such a sound...
Rinko: This is the stage of...AMF...
Lisa: ... About two hours from now, we're going to be on that stage, aren't we...?
All: ...
???: Oh? Found me some really nervous girls!
Yukina: ...! Mira-san...
Mira: It's a good feeling of excitement, isn't it? I feel like All Music Fes. has just started~.
Ako: Is All Music Fes. like this for all the bands...?
Mira: That's right~. Oh, is this the first time you've seen All Music Fes. since you all went pro?
Mira: I guess it's no wonder you're pressured then. After all, everyone's preparedness is different~.
Lisa: Preparedness...?
Mira: Yes, preparedness.
Mira: This might be the last time they'll be on such a big stage... The people performing at All Music Fes. are all famous, but most of them are standing on that stage with that kind of feeling.
Yukina: ...!
Mira: Remember what I said before about professionals being endurance runners?
Mira: Everyone here wants to run as long a distance as possible. Even if it's just a meter, a step, a centimeter... they're risking everything for it.
Sayo: I only just now understand what you've said, Mira-san, after watching this stage...
All: ...
Mira: Yeah, you all look much better now, don't you?... Just kidding~.
Mira: I think you should relax a little more before the real thing. Then, have fun at All Music Fes.~.
Sayo: See you after our performance...
Yukina: ...Should we go back to the dressing room now?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[AMF - Dressing Room]

All: ...
Lisa: (I can't believe the atmosphere when we entered the dressing room... They all look like they've left their hearts behind on the stage they just saw ...)
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Iikura: Roselia still seems to be taking the professional world too lightly. If they were to take the big stage at AMF in that state--.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Lisa: (That's not true...! Roselia... we all ...!)
Lisa: ... Oh, you know, everyone ...!
Sayo: ... Imai-san?
Lisa: I'm sure we can do it, too! A stage like the one we just saw!
Lisa: It was certainly a very emotional performance, and I was surprised by the enthusiasm of the audience...
Lisa: But we've been working hard all this time, haven't we? Both before, and after we became professionals! So let's give it our all today with Roselia's music...!
Ako: Yup...! No matter what the stage, Roselia is the coolest band!
Sayo: ...Yes, that's right. Now that we've come this far, we will give the best performance we can. That's all we can do.
Yukina: Thank you, Lisa... You are right, we have done what we can do. Let's stand on stage with our heads held high, just as Roselia always does.
All: Yeah...! Yes...!
Harumi: Is everyone here? They said it's time to start standing by!
Lisa: Yeees! We'll be right there!
Rinko: ...
Lisa: Don't worry, Rinko. We all will be with you.
Rinko: T-thank you very much...
Lisa: ...!
Rinko: Imai-san... your hands are shaking...!
Lisa: Ahaha... is this what they call warrior's tremor? Don't worry, I'll nail it perfectly while I'm playing!
Lisa: Yes... I'll be absolutely okay...!
