event252-04 Chapter 3: Growing Discomfort

The morale of the five members is rising as they prepare for AMF. Rinko is concerned about Lisa's condition...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: ...♪ ...♪  Building off this line, the next phrase is...
Yukina's Father: Yukina, are you busy?
Yukina: Dad ...? What's up?
Yukina's Father: Sorry, I guess I interrupted you. It's time for dinner, so I came to call you.
Yukina: It's that time already... I'm sorry, I didn't realize.
Yukina's Father: You seem to be very focused, are you composing for the album?
Yukina: No. We haven't decided on a concept for the album, so I haven't gotten to the stage of writing songs yet. I'm just writing down whatever phrases come to mind as a way to relax.
Yukina's Father: But then, you've been working until late recently.
Yukina: I've been feeling a bit restless. But I'm not overdoing it. The staff at the agency are doing a great job managing our schedule, and... Iikura-san has been good to us.
Yukina's Father: I see... I'm relieved to hear that you're doing well.
Yukina's Father: How is everything going for All Music Fes.? I never thought my daughter would be on such a big stage.
Yukina: ...Dad, did you want to be there too?
Yukina's Father: Yes, I did. I'd be lying if I said I didn't envy you...
Yukina's Father: But I'm also proud of you. What parent wouldn't be happy for their daughter's success?
Yukina: Thank you... Dad.
Yukina: The reason Roselia exists today is because of Dad's music.
Yukina: So as Roselia, and as Dad's daughter, I'm going to play the best live performance in All Music Fes.
Yukina's Father: Yeah, I'll be rooting for you.
Yukina's Father: ... By the way, did Iikura say anything about All Music Fes.?
Yukina: No, he didn't say anything, but... why?
Yukina's Father: No, I was just wondering. I guess that means he's changed a little too.
Yukina's Father: Yukina, come down when you're done. I know you have a lot to do, but don't push yourself too hard.
Yukina: Yes, thank you, Dad.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Yotsuba Women's University - Campus]

University Student: Shirokane-san, I'll see you in the next class. Good luck at All Music Fes.!
Rinko: Yes, thank you...
Rinko: (Maybe it's because I'm in the music department... More and more people are talking to me about All Music Fes....)
Rinko: (That shows how high profile the festival is... We have to go in there and do what we can to make sure we don't fail...)
Rinko: ... Huh? Over there is...
Lisa: Let's see... Is the source okay? Author's name, publisher, title, page number... okay!
Rinko: Imai-san, is that ... a report?
Lisa: Ah, Rinko! That's right~! And it's a very heavy one, you know. I was like, give me a break!
Rinko: That sounds like a lot of work...
Lisa: Well, I finished it yesterday after an all-nighter, and I'm just reviewing it now, so I'm fine! I was going to do some personal practice today for All Music Fes., I finished it earlier than usual.
Rinko: You stayed up all night... Don't push yourself too hard, please...
Lisa: Yeah. I'm responsible for my own self-management, so don't worry!
Lisa: Oh, yeah, I was going to ask you. Do you know of any books that I could use to study lyric writing?
Rinko: Well... I'm sure my professor would know, and I'll ask him next time...
Lisa: Thanks~! That's really helpful!
Rinko: Imai-san... do you mean you're working on lyrics and practicing for All Music Fes. at the same time?
Lisa: I'm just gathering phrases that I can use for lyrics. You see, the production schedule for the album has been postponed a bit because of our performance at All Music Fes., right?
Lisa: But I want to make both All Music Fes. and our 2nd album a success, so I want to do whatever I can along the way... That's what it means to be a pro for me!
Rinko: Yes... that's what I think too...
Rinko: However...
Lisa: Rinko...?
Rinko: Lately, Imai-san... It feels like you've got a strange kind of enthusiasm...
Lisa: Ah...well, maybe I'm a little too conscious of the big stage at All Music Fes. and overdoing it a bit~...
Rinko: ... Really, are you only talking about All Music Fes....?
Rinko: If I got it wrong, I'm sorry... But I kind of feel like ... you have different feelings from us...
Lisa: W-well, different feelings, huh... Hmmm...
Lisa: ...You know, Rinko. Will you keep what I'm about to tell you a secret from everyone else...?
Rinko: Y-yes... of course...
(Black cut)
Rinko: Roselia seem to be taking the professional world too lightly... Iikura-san said such a thing...?
Lisa: Yes, I was surprised too... But I can't simply tell everyone about it, can I?
Rinko: That's... right... If I'd been in the same position as Imai-san, I would've been very worried about it too...
Rinko: I think I'm at least trying my best to be a professional in my own way...
Lisa: Right. I'm sure everyone in Roselia is like that. There have been a lot of failures and troubles since we became professionals....
Lisa: But all of us have been thinking about Roselia as professionals. I think that's why they asked us to perform at All Music Fes.
Lisa: That's why I want Iikura-san to approve of us too. I want him to admit that Roselia is serious about being professional.
Rinko: Imai-san...
Lisa: Sorry, I really didn't mean to tell it to anyone...
Rinko: No... thank you for talking to me...
Lisa: Rinko. Let's make both All Music Fes. and the 2nd album a success for sure!
Lisa: ...Ah, it's already gotten this late while we were talking! Sorry, I have class, so I'd better get going!
Rinko: Ah, yes...
Rinko: ... I wonder if Iikura-san's against Roselia's going to All Music Fes....?
Rinko: But then, why didn't he stop us from going?
Rinko: Maybe the agency said something about it... but Iikura-san could have still told us not to appear in the live show as a form of advice...
Rinko: ...
