event252-01 Opening: A New Challenge

Roselia is working on their 2nd album. Lisa makes a proposal.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Studio]

Yukina: --Well, I guess that's about it. That's all for today's practice.
Ako: Oh, is it that time already? Ugh, I wanted to practice a little more~!
Rinko: Fufu, Ako-chan... You seemed to be in good shape today...
Lisa: Alrighty, let's clean up. We have a meeting with Harumi-san and the others after this~!
Ako: Yeees. We're supposed to talk about the 2nd album, right?
Sayo: She said the big agenda was about the album, the same as the other day. She also said there were other details to talk about.
Lisa: The last meeting was amazing~. Iikura-san was analyzing many kinds of things, such as sales, the number of reactions on social media, and so on.
Ako: Uh-huh! He explained all the difficult words in detail, so it was really easy to understand!
Lisa: Iikura-san said that the next album should have at least a few new songs...
Yukina: I would like to include as many as possible. I want to make it an album that expresses how we as Roselia are still challenging ourselves even after going pro.
Ako: Me too! I want everyone to feel that Roselia is getting cooler and cooler!
Sayo: However, if we don't carefully decide the ratio of previously released songs to newly written songs, the burden on Minato-san will become too great.
Rinko: Yes. ...First of all, we have to decide on the concept of the album, but we haven't decided it yet either...
Lisa: You're right, we haven't had the chance for such concrete discussions at all yet.
Sayo: Yes. The release date seems to have already been set, so we should start considering how many songs we can realistically write now.
Yukina: ...
Sayo: I'm sorry. I feel bad saying this even though I can't do much to help with the lyrics or composition...
Yukina: No, I know you're saying this out of concern for me. Thank you, Sayo.
Lisa: Well~... On that topic, I've been thinking about something for a while.
Yukina: Lisa...?
Lisa: For the new songs... I wonder if you could let me write the lyrics together?
Yukina: !
Ako: That's great, Lisa-nee! I like your lyrics, I want to see them again!
Sayo: I see... Certainly, sharing the lyrics would lighten Minato-san's load somewhat...
Lisa: Oh, of course, I'm not forcing you to do it! I think writing lyrics professionally is definitely different from what I've done before...!
Lisa: But lately I've been thinking that there's more I can do for Roselia...and I've been studying lyrics a little bit at a time.
Lisa: So I'm wondering if ... It'll be okay?
Yukina: ...Fufu.
Lisa: Yu-Yukina?
Yukina: No, I just thought it was just like you to bring this up now.
Yukina: I don't mind. Of course, we'll need to decide if the lyrics Lisa write can be released as Roselia's songs.
Ako: Wow, then ...!
Sayo: The concept of the album is likely to have a nuance of "challenge" in it.
Rinko: I'm looking forward... to the lyrics Imai-san is going to write...
Lisa: ...!　Thank you...! I'll do my best not to let everyone down!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Meeting Room]

Harumi: So, that's it for the rough schedule until the album release. Do you have anything to add, Iikura-san?
Iikura: No, nothing in particular. Thank you for your continued support.
Harumi: Lastly, I have something to inform everyone in Roselia about...
Yukina: Something you want to inform us about...? What is it?
Harumi: Actually... Roselia has been asked to perform at “All Music Fes."!
Ako: Eh...? Eeeeee~h!? You mean AMF, as in THAT All Music Festival?
Lisa: It's a big outdoor festival with some really famous bands, isn't it...!?
Harumi: Yes! It's the top-class large-scale festival in Japan in terms of the number of bands playing and the number of visitors.
Sayo: The invited bands are all top professionals... Even those who are not familiar with music would at least know the names of the artists, I believe.
Rinko: Why do you think we've been... invited to such a festival? No matter what, I don't think Roselia is at that level yet...
Harumi: According to the management, they have evaluated Roselia's activities since your debut and would like to invite you to the festival as a band with high expectations for the future. So, would you be keen to make an appearance?
Yukina: Well, ... while we are still in the beginning of our professional career, it's a unique opportunity for us, but...
Ako: Let's perform!! I definitely want to be there!
Sayo: Wait a minute. Of course it's an honor to be asked, but we should be a little more careful with our answer.
Rinko: Yes... we have a production schedule for our 2nd album...
Lisa: We have to think properly about both what we want to do with our 2nd album and our performance at All Music Festival.
Lisa: But to be honest, I think it would be a waste to decline the offer~.
Harumi: I understand. There is still time for us to give them our answer, please discuss it amongst yourselves and let me know how you feel about it.
Harumi: If you have any questions or concerns, our agency is always ready to help!
Yukina: Yes. We'll reply again when we're all in agreement.
