event241-02 Chapter 1: Tae's Worry

The girls worry about Tae's weird behavior when she reveals a shocking truth.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Recess]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Tae: ... Sigh...
Kasumi & Arisa & Saya & Rimi: ...
Arisa: Hey, what's up with O-Tae...? She hasn't touched her food at all...
Rimi: Now that I think about it, she seemed distracted during class too...
Saya: ... Do any of you know what's going on?
Kasumi: When I ran into her this morning, she mentioned her mom...
Kasumi: I tried asking for details, but she didn't really say much...
Rimi: Maybe they fought... or maybe something happened at home...
Saya: ... Sounds like it might be something we shouldn't pry into then...
Tae: ... Sigh...
Tae: ... I wish I could just go somewhere far, far away...
Kasumi & Arisa & Saya & Rimi: ...!
Kasumi: I can't ignore what's going on! What's the matter, O-Tae? Please tell us!
Tae: Kasumi...
Saya: We understand it might not be something you can talk to us about... but it would mean a lot if you did...
Arisa: Um... We'll help if we can, you know. Just saying...
Rimi: All of us are on your side. Maybe we can figure something out together.
Tae: You guys...
Tae: ... You see, I...
Kasumi & Arisa: ...
Tae: I got a cavity...
Saya & Rimi: ... A cavity?
Tae: Yesterday, when we were eating bread in the basement, one of my back teeth felt funny, and then during dinner at home, it started to sting... so I couldn't eat that much...
Saya: O-oh, just a cavity, huh...?
Rimi: I feel sort of relieved. I was expecting something a lot worse...
Arisa: Shouldn't you hurry and go see a dentist then? The pain's only gonna get worse if you do nothing.
Tae: I can't believe you're telling me the same thing my mom did, Arisa...! Sniff~...
Arisa: Huh?! Wh-what's wrong, O-Tae...?
Tae: ... Dentists... scare me...
Arisa & Saya: What...?
Tae: It was a truly terrifying place...
Tae: Back when I was in elementary school, my mom took me to see one for the first time... You know, by the river...
Saya: Ohh, the white building. I took Sana there before.
Tae: Yeah, that's the place. They have that scary picture of a towering demon lord wielding a spear.
Saya: Uh, was that what it was...? I could've sworn it was a cute bacteria cartoon character...
Tae: I heard someone about my age screaming on the other side of the door.
Tae: When I told my mom I wanted to leave, she said she'd make me a Hamburg steak once it was all over, so I went inside, and then...
Tae: I had to lie down face-up on this chair, and this person who looked like a devil shined this bright light into my mouth...
Saya: A devil...? When I went, the dentist was a really kindly old man...
Tae: He shoved this drill in my mouth that was the size of a massive spiked club... I still remember the sound. It gave me goosebumps the moment I heard it...
Tae: I thought I was going to undergo some kind of mad scientist surgical transformation. I screamed and begged him to stop, but he just smiled and kept drilling.
Arisa: Well, being a dentist and all, he couldn't exactly leave your tooth untreated.
Saya: He was probably just smiling to reassure you... He's always smiling.
Tae: Even after I got home, I couldn't get that sound out of my head... I was so sure that I'd become a monster or something that I couldn't eat my Hamburg steak.
Tae: That's why I tried to keep my tooth a secret from my mom this time... Ngh... I wonder how she found out.
Arisa: Uh, I'm guessing you were wincing and stuff while eating... You know though...
Arisa: I never expected dentists to be the thing you're afraid of, O-Tae...
Rimi: It looks like even you have something you're afraid of after all...
Saya: Now that I think about it, though, you've always brushed your teeth really thoroughly during sleepovers...
Arisa: Oh yeah... I guess it was all because you wanted to avoid cavities at all costs...
Kasumi: I don't like dentists, either, so I totally get how you feel, O-Tae. I remember being afraid of the drill and crying that I didn't want to go.
Tae: Right? Now that I know I have to go see one, even the sound of a drill being used at a construction site scares me.
Tae: I can't even take my mind off of them... During classes, I couldn't focus at all because I kept noticing the people in the textbooks and thinking about their teeth...
Arisa: That sounds pretty severe... All the more reason for you to get it over with as soon as possible. Do yourself a favor and schedule an appointment today so that-
Tae: No! I'd rather be in pain forever than go!
Arisa: Stop acting like a kid. I get that you're scared, but ignoring it will only make things worse, you know?
Tae: I'm sure my tooth will get better even if I don't go! What I need to do is have lots of fun.
Tae: Oh, I know! Music! I'm sure music will fix everything!
Arisa: Uh, there's a lot that music can do, but I don't think fixing cavities is on the list.
Tae: I just came up with a phrase for a new song. Let me play it on my guitar. Hm-hm~♪
Kasumi: Wow, that is a really nice melody!
Tae: Hm-hmhm~♪ See? It's gone! I'm no longer in pain!
Tae: Music really can do anything! There's no obstacle that music can't-
Tae: Ngh...! Ow...! My tooth hurts...!
Rimi: O-Tae-chan...
Saya: Hmm~... At this rate, I think we're going to have to put band practice on hold for a while...
Tae: ...?! But I wanna practice...
Rimi: I was just thinking we could all go to that new Hamburg steak place by the station, but I guess we can't do that either...
Tae: Huh...? Oh no... What am I gonna do...?
Arisa: Think you're just gonna have to grit your teeth and go to the dentist.
Tae: Ngh... Okay, I'll try...
Tae: But... I don't know if I really can...
Kasumi: O-Tae... Oh, I know! Guys, let's help O-Tae so that she'll be able to go to the dentist!
Saya: Yeah. I can't stand seeing her in pain like this.
Rimi: What's a good way though...?
Kasumi: Hmm~... Hmm~... Oh, I have an idea!
