event100-07 Ending: Two Actresses

The girls reminisce about old times. Their feelings for each other have not faded.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kaoru: ...
Chisato: I hadn't seen you in such a long time... I'll never forget how shocked I was.
Kaoru: My apologies... The fleetingness of our memories is making me tear up... Ahh, how fleeting...
Chisato: Sigh. You're right, they really are fleeting.
Chisato: But they made you into what you are today.
Kaoru: Chisato...
Chisato: You became the person you wanted to be, so I don't think this "fleetingness" is such a bad thing.
Chisato: That's how I have come to feel anyway.
Kaoru: ... Yes. I am who I am. Thank you, Chisato.
Chisato: No need to thank me. All I did was say what came to mind after all this reminiscing. I might regret it tomorrow, who knows.
Kaoru: Fufu... That is fine.
Kaoru: Just as I have now, Chisato, you too have this unchanging strength.
Kaoru: While you no longer call me by the nickname you once did, the kind and strong core of you has not changed. This is why I can continue to support you, no matter the endeavor.
Chisato: ... When I first saw the new you, I felt unbelievably angry. I wondered, why did she pick the same theatrical path as me?
Chisato: I thought that, eventually, you'd just become like me, unable to cry or feel anger. I thought that the Kaoru I knew would disappear.
Chisato: But at heart, you are still the Kaoru I know.
Kaoru: Fufu... So you remembered?
Chisato: You're still just as sensitive as you were when we were little. Perhaps the only difference now is that you have gained confidence.
Chisato: ... Sigh. Even so, I can't help but feel that you're like this now because of me.
Chisato: You really didn't have to look out for me like that.
Kaoru: Don't say such things. Thanks to you, I discovered the path I wish to tread in life. I procured the life I desire to live.
Chisato: You're exaggerating. We just happened to be childhood friends, that's all.
Chisato: ... But if you like yourself better now, then I'm glad.
Kaoru: ... My, we sure did have a long trip down memory lane. I am going to examine your videos and uncover a way to metamorphose into this character.
Chisato: ... When is the performance?
Kaoru: In a month and a half. Won't you come?
Chisato: If my schedule is free, I will. If it's the theater club, Maya-chan will be there too, right?
Kaoru: Yes. We're already in the midst of preparations.
Himari: Hello~. Is Tsugu here?
Kaoru: My... If it isn't my little kitten.
Tomoe: Yo, Himari. Seta-senpai and Shirasagi-san are here.
Himari: Wow, they are! Kaoru-senpai, Chisato-san! Hi!
Chisato: Good to see you, Himari-chan.
Kaoru: And it's lovely to see you too, Tomoe-chan. Were you two having tea?
Tomoe: Yeah, something like that. Is that what you two were doing?
Chisato: Yes, we were actually. Alright, Kaoru, I've done what I came to do, so I'll be leaving soon.
Kaoru: Ahh... Why must you say such sorrowful things, Chisato? Just as these two kittens have come.
Kaoru: If it pleases everyone, why don't the four of us spend a few more fleeting moments together?
Himari: What?! Are you sure?
Kaoru: Yes, of course.
Tomoe: Ya hear that, Himari?!
Chisato: Sigh... I guess I don't have a choice then. I do want to keep talking with you two, so I'll stay for a little while longer.
Himari: Yay♪ Tomoe, aren't you glad we came?!
Tomoe: Yeah! What were you two talking about anyway?
Kaoru: What, you ask? Just a few stories of the past.
Himari: Oh yeah, you two are childhood friends, right? I want to hear all about it~!
Kaoru: Himari-chan, I'm afraid I... cannot share these stories. They are our little secrets.
Himari: What~?! They are? Now I'm really curious~...
Kaoru: That reminds me, Himari-chan. Theater Club has a performance coming up. If it pleases you, I would be delighted if you came. You too, Tomoe-chan.
Tomoe: Oh! Really? Thank you!
Himari: I will definitely be there! What kind of role will you be playing this time?
Kaoru: Yes, perhaps I should tell you the story of my role. Chisato, Tomoe-chan, do you care to hear this tale?
Chisato: Fufu, sure.
Tomoe: I wanna hear it too!
Kaoru: Ahh... What a fleeting time. First, let me begin with this.
Kaoru: This is the story of how...
(White cut)
