event100-04 Chapter 3: Don't Cry

Kaoru sees Chisato being teased by a classmate. She is about to go help when...

[A Few Days Later]

[Elementary School]

[After School]

Kaoru: Chii-chan, let's walk home together...
Classmate A: I saw you on TV yesterday! You were lying and tricking people.
Chisato: Well, it's just that kind of show, so I had to.
Classmate B: You should just turn down those kinds of roles.
Kaoru: ...!
Chisato: ... Ah, Kao-chan.
Chisato: Why're you standing there like that?
Classmate A: Ah! I have cram school today! See you tomorrow~! Bye~!
Classmate B: Bye-bye!
Kaoru: ...
Chisato: ... Let's go home.
Kaoru: ... I watched your show yesterday!
Chisato: Really? What'd you think?
Kaoru: Well... in that one scene where you lied... I could tell that you did it for your friend, so you didn't seem like a bad person!
Kaoru: That kid in our class said those things, but I didn't feel that way at all!
Kaoru: And also, I know that the real Chii-chan is not a bad person. You're a very kind person.
Chisato: You're kinder than me, Kao-chan. You always say such nice things about me.
Kaoru: But I... couldn’t say them in front of everyone else. I'm sorry...
Chisato: They just don't understand acting, that's all. I don't really mind.
Kaoru: Chii-chan, you're so strong. I wish I was like that.
Kaoru: If someone said those things about me, I would be so shocked and scared... I wouldn't be able to say anything back.
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: I wish I could be strong like you.
Chisato: ... I didn't particularly want to be a strong person, you know.
Kaoru: Chii-chan...?
Chisato: I'm always scared the day after an episode airs, wondering what people are going to say about me.
Chisato: People say I'm scary and avoid me; they think I'm like my character in the show. But I didn't want to become someone that just puts up with this.
Chisato: I want to be friends and play with everyone! Of course I'm not okay with being told I'm scary!
Kaoru: Chii-chan...
Chisato: Ngh... Ngghhh...
Chisato: I was told I should never cry. I have to be responsible for my own work, so I can't cry over it.
Chisato: But if I just keep putting up with this, I think that I'm really going to forget what sadness feels like someday. What should I do? I'm scared...!
Kaoru: Chii-chan...! I-it's okay! I know the real you!
Kaoru: It's okay, it's gonna be okay...!
Chisato: ... Ngh.
Kaoru: Um, like I said...
Kaoru: It's okay...
