event100-05 Chapter 4: The Real Me Is Inside You

Kaoru worries about a crying Chisato, but Chisato looks like she's made up her mind...

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[A Few Days Later]

[Elementary School]

Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: (I wonder if Chii-chan is okay...)
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-in)

Chisato: I want to be friends and play with everyone! Of course I'm not okay with being told I'm scary!
Chisato: But if I just keep putting up with this, I think that I'm really going to forget what sadness feels like someday. What should I do? I'm scared...!
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

Kaoru: (I feel like she hasn't looked very happy ever since that day... Maybe if I had said more to her... things would be different.)
Kaoru: (Or maybe if I... had the courage to tell our classmates that Chii-chan is really a good person...)
Kaoru: (But I am a coward...)
Chisato: Morning, Kao-chan!
Kaoru: Oh?! Chii-chan! Good morning.
Chisato: Today at recess we're going to act out "The City of Solitude." You should join us.
Kaoru: What...?!
Chisato: Everyone is watching the show, so I thought I could use it to become better friends with everyone.
Chisato: And when I asked, they all said yes!
Kaoru: I see... Okay, I'll join in too.
Kaoru: (Is she really okay with this? I have a feeling she's forcing herself...)
Chisato: Alright, I'll tell everyone you're coming too, Kao-chan!
Kaoru: O-okay...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: "The City of Solitude" gained more and more attention as it aired, and went on to be recognized as an award-winning drama...
Kaoru: Your acting prowess was then acknowledged, which led to you receiving countless other roles.
Chisato: You remember it better than I do.
Kaoru: Fufu, that is because you are my cherished childhood friend. And then, on one fateful day, you took on the role of a kind-hearted and righteous detective.
Kaoru: Although it was the polar opposite of your character in "The City of Solitude," I remember how you played it spectacularly and changed the opinions of our peers.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: It's not right. Ever since "Mako the Kid Detective" began, everyone has suddenly decided you're cool again.
Kaoru: I just... don't understand how they could do that...
Chisato: It doesn't matter anymore, Kao-chan.
Kaoru: Huh...?
Chisato: It doesn't matter.
Chisato: I have you, Kao-chan, and Mama, my little sister, and... Leon. As long as all of my favorite people know who I am, that's enough for me.
Chisato: Regardless of what other people think of me, I'm an actor, and I am me.
Kaoru: Chii-chan, what's wrong? You seem different from before...
Chisato: I was starting to wonder what I should do if I stopped feeling sad, and it scared me...
Chisato: But I can use this feeling, and every other emotion I've ever felt, in my acting. That way, I have nothing to be afraid of.
Kaoru: What do you mean... Chii-chan? Where are you going?
Chisato: You're so kind, Kao-chan.
Chisato: Don't ever forget that this kindness is part of who you are.
Chisato: Fufu, you can be a little bit of a coward, and you let Leon pull you around, but that is who you are.
Kaoru: Chii-chan...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Our friendship has continued to live on even to this very day. However, I believe that day was a turning point for you, one at which you became a professional actor.
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Fufu, how nostalgic. You were like a bird leaving the nest.
Chisato: ... Now that you mention it, we've been through a lot together.
Chisato: But you know, it was just as shocking for me when you suddenly became the Kaoru Seta we all know now.
Kaoru: I have always been my authentic self.
Chisato: If you say so.
Kaoru: Fufu... Shall we continue reminiscing a little while longer then?
