event100-01 Opening: Reminiscing About Old Friends

Chisato receives a phone call from Kaoru during practice for a performance at the agency.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Idol Agency]

Chisato: "... I don't care about my childhood memories. I've rid myself of the past!"
Chisato: "So don't remind me of those old stories!"
Hina: Wow, that was intense, Chisato-chan!
Chisato: It's a line from my upcoming play.
Hina: Ohh, I see.
Chisato: Sorry if I gave you a fright.
Hina: I think if Aya-chan or Eve-chan had seen you just now, they probably would've gotten scared and run away! Ahaha.
Chisato: Yeah, they probably would have. I'm glad it was you that came in, Hina-chan.
Hina: ... But still, that's a pretty heavy line~. Childhood memories, right? I don't think I could ever stop caring about mine. I have too many precious memories with Sis!
Chisato: I'm sure you couldn't. I feel the same way.
Chisato: What's this? Kaoru is calling me...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kaoru: Greetings, Chisato! Thank you for making time in your busy schedule to meet with me.
Chisato: I really am so busy lately. You did make me look for recordings of that old TV show I was in, after all.
Kaoru: You must forgive me. Your effort is appreciated. I did search for them on my own, but I simply couldn't find them anywhere.
Chisato: Why did you want these old videos anyway? Surely you're not just trying to reminisce?
Kaoru: Fufu... Reminisce, you say? Truth be told, that is one part of it. I wanted to see the image of you in your youth, striving to perform your heart out... Ahh, how fleeting...
Chisato: I'll ask you once again. Why did you ask me to bring these old videos?
Kaoru: The truth lies in the show you appeared in... Theater Club has decided that it will be our next performance.
Chisato: That's right, the show has been adapted for the stage a few times, hasn't it?
Kaoru: Yes, it has. In fact, I shall be performing the role that you originally played.
Kaoru: That is why I wanted to watch your performance, for reference.
Chisato: You do know how old this show is, right? I was in elementary school when it came out.
Kaoru: Of course I am aware. However, no matter how many years go by, a masterpiece never fades. Isn't that so?
Chisato: You don't have to say that so solemnly. Why don't you try and find footage from a stage adaptation instead? I think that would be more helpful than my performance.
Kaoru: No performance would be more beneficial to me than yours, Chisato. To me, your performance is brimming with exceedingly precious memories.
Kaoru: I feel this way even though I myself was not the one performing. Fufu, what an odd sensation...
Chisato: ... I see.
Chisato: It was such a long time ago. I don't really remember it.
Kaoru: My, is that so?
Chisato: Yes. Quite some time has passed.
Kaoru: Fufu... In that case, may I share an old memory with you?
Kaoru: It is the story of this role... and how you played it with such dignified strength.
