event100-06 Chapter 5: The Birth of a Prince

The two get accepted to different middle schools. What happens when Kaoru is invited to visit the theater club...?

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Middle School]

Kaoru: (I'm a middle-school student now, I need to get a hold of myself.)
Kaoru: (I'm not at the same school as Chii-chan anymore...)
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: (I haven't seen her at all since school began. Although I have been watching her TV appearances.)
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Chisato: I was starting to wonder what I should do if I stopped feeling sad, and it scared me...
Chisato: But I can use this feeling, and every other emotion I've ever felt, in my acting. That way, I have nothing to be afraid of.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Kaoru: I wonder if she's doing okay...
Theater Student: We're Theater Club! Sign up for new members starts today!
Theater Student: Won't you come and put on a little play with us~?
Kaoru: Theater Club...
Kaoru: ... Okay.
Kaoru: E-excuse me! I would like to know more...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Theater Student A: Did everybody get a part?
Kaoru: Y-yes!
Theater Student A: Alright then, let's try a run-through! Read off of your scripts if you need to.
Theater Student B: "This is all a misunderstanding! Please, believe me!"
Kaoru: "Oh my... There seems to be a commotion over there. What happened here, exactly?"
Theater Student B: "They're saying I stole a loaf of bread. But I swear I didn't!"
Theater Student C: "You're poor, so it's obvious you'd steal."
Kaoru: "You mustn't make such rash conclusions if you do not have eyes that see the truth."
Kaoru: "I can tell just from looking into your enchanting eyes. You have strength bursting out from within."
Kaoru: "I recognize your beauty; you stand dauntlessly against misconceptions."
Theater Student B: "What kind words... Who are you, exactly?"
Kaoru: "I am a lover of pure hearts and justice... I am the prince of these lands."
(Black cut)
Theater Student A: Great acting, guys! Seta-san, you really suit the role of the prince! How was it for you?
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: Through acting, you can become whoever you want to be...
Kaoru: (For a coward like me to change... I have to become a strong person, like Chii-chan...)
Kaoru: I'll do it! I'll join Theater Club!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Months Later]

[Station Entrance]

Chisato: I'm going to be late...! Huh, what's up with this crowd...?
Student A: Seta-san, you're so cool~!
Student B: You're like a prince~!
Kaoru: My kittens. Don't let my beauty bewilder you.
Chisato: Wait... Is that...?
Chisato: Kao... chan...?!
