event169-05 Chapter 4: Under the Same One Sky That Day

The reason Moca's guitar sounds different. What is the answer Ran finds...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: ... I knew you'd be here.
Moca: Oh~, Ran~. Were you looking for little old me~?
Ran: Not really. I just wanted to talk to you, that's all.
Moca: Ahaha~. Most people would call that "looking for me," you know~.
Moca: So? What business do you have with me, Mitake-kun?
Ran: Um... So you see... The other day at the studio, I might've... Uh... peeked at your drawings.
Ran: The ones that had all those guitar phrases written on them.
Moca: Huh?
Ran: I-I wasn't trying to look at them, you know?! Y-your bag had fallen on the floor, and all the papers flew out, so they just sort of, you know, slid into my vision...!
Moca: It's all good~. They're just scribbles, after all.
Moca: What? Were you that worried~?
Ran: Nah, I wasn't worried... but it did sort of feel like I'd figured out my answer.
Moca: Answer?
Ran: Yeah. I've been trying to understand why your guitar's been sounding different lately.
Ran: But you've been the same as always... so I couldn't figure out why.
Ran: That is until I saw those drawings and remembered back to when we first started the band.
Moca: Hm~? Did something happen back then~?
Ran: C'mon, you know. Moca, all you did was practice phrases you liked, remember?
Moca: Ahh~, we used to compete against each other with phrases, didn't we~?
Ran: Yeah, that. We'd always show off new ones we'd learned to each other.
Moca: We had competitions to see who was cooler, too~. Feels like they ended up mostly as ties, though.
Ran: Back then, you knew exactly what sort of sound you liked, didn't you?
Ran: You'd find something you liked, pick it up, and play it... Then, after doing that over and over again, you ended up where you are now.
Moca: Huh~. So that's what those drawings reminded you of... Gosh, that really takes me back~.
Ran: It's not like it was that long ago, though.
Moca: You know... I guess playing the guitar's pretty okay.
Moca: I sorta just picked it up at first, but before I knew it there were more and more things I wanted to try and do with it.
Moca: I'd end up wanting to play phrases I liked from songs I'd hear at concerts, or from videos I'd watch.
Moca: While I played them, sometimes new phrases just came to me, too.
Moca: So that's why even now I sometimes doodle them on my papers. Though I guess I would say I've been doodling a little bit more than usual lately.
Ran: Didn't I tell you this already? You should be doing that in an actual notebook instead of on your homework.
Moca: Ahaha~, I do lose my homework a lot, don't I~?
Ran: That's why I'm telling you!
Moca: But I'm fine with it that way~.
Ran: You may be fine with it, but to me...
Ran: It just feels like such a waste.
Moca: Ran...
Ran: I want to sing to the sound of your guitar. How it sounds now.
Ran: I can hear it telling me it wants to move forward, and I feel the same way.
Moca: I appreciate the thought, but~... Hm~... I wonder~... If you ask me, I don't think my Moca sound right now's very "Afterglowy," if you know what I mean~.
Ran: So what you're saying is... It's the same as always, but different... Right?
Moca: ... Huh?
Ran: Let's make it into our new song.
Moca: ...
Ran: ... What?
Moca: Oh, I never thought even in my dreams that you'd propose something so passionately to me, so I'm just a little surprised right now~.
Moca: This scene'd be really great in a manga, don't you think~?
Ran: Huh?
Moca: Star producer Ran Mitake sees the hidden potential sleeping within Moca-chan and decides to polish her into a shining diamond~...
Ran: ... I'm being serious, you know.
Ran: Ahhh, that's right. You said you'd never be serious about anything again, right?
Moca: There're days I don't wanna be serious at all! And days I guess I don't mind being a teensy-weensy bit serious, too~.
Ran: That makes no sense. Fine. Whatever. We're done here.
Moca: Ah~, I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Sorry. I really am surprised, though.
Moca: Thanks, Ran... for thinking about my guitar playing. And for telling me about how you feel.
Ran: Yeah.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Moca: Let's do it. A new song. I just came up with a nice idea, actually~.
Ran: ... ? Is there some sort of phrase you want to use?
Moca: Nope, that's not it~. So you see~...
(Black cut)
