event169-07 Ending: Further, Further

It is the day of the show. The new song is ready. What does Ran see...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Day of the Battle]

[Dressing Room]

Himari: The band before us just started their set. Everyone ready?
Ran: Absolutely not. Look, someone's still finishing their bread.
Moca: Munch munch... Don't worry about me, I'm almost done.
Himari: Gosh, you just ate before rehearsal, didn't you?
Moca: I'm sorry, okay~? Final energy charge, complete~.
Tsugumi: You ate even more than usual, huh? Could it be you're actually a little motivated today?
Moca: I suppose~. We're debuting a new song, after all~.
Himari: And it's a song we made together all thanks to Moca's idea! A new song that's the same as always, but a little different.
Tomoe: Yeah. It's great. It feels like we're talking with our music.
Tomoe: Just listening to all your favorite licks phrases was loads of fun.
Tsugumi: To tell you the truth, it made me really happy to hear Moca-chan's music and find out why her guitar had been sounding different lately.
Tsugumi: It felt like I'd gotten a peek into what Moca-chan's hearing while she plays.
Himari: I totally know what you mean! At first, it just felt like she was having fun, but now I can almost sort of sense Moca's feelings when I listen to her phrases.
Tomoe: Me too. How do I put it, it's like... "Fwoosh!" Like flames flaring up, you know what I mean?
Tsugumi: Yeah. It's not the Moca-chan we're all used to... It made me realize that there are some feelings you can only express through the guitar.
Moca: Ehehe~, thanks~.
Moca: But I'm the same way, I think~. I can tell all sorts of stuff from listening to you guys, too~.
Himari: Huh?! Like what? What can you tell?!
Moca: That's a secret~. One I'm gonna keep all to myself~.
Himari: Aw, but I wanna know so bad! Moca, you always get all uppity like this~.
Moca: Well~, in any case, I can tell that we're all on the same wavelength. Moca-chan was awfully touched, you know~.
Ran: That's because our goals are all the same. We leave it all out on the floor, and we make every show our best show ever. Today's no different.
Tomoe: Right! Go all out today, Moca!
Moca: When it comes to concerts, I'm always at max power~.
Tomoe: That's not what I'm talking about! Moca, there's a part in the new song where the spotlight's on you, right?
Himari: That's right! It's your favorite part, right?
Moca: I guess~. Playing it's so much fun, it makes me wanna dance~.
Tsugumi: Fufu, I could tell during practice!
Staff: Afterglow, we need you on standby soon~!
Himari: Alright, everyone! Let's have as much fun as we can and make this the best concert ever! Hey, hey...
Moca & Himari: Hoh~!
Tomoe: Huh?! Moca joined in?!
Tsugumi: Fufufu, that's proof of how fired up she is.
Moca: Heh heh heh. You better not underestimate me today, or you're gonna get burned~.
Ran: Considering how much bread you downed today, you better put all that energy to work, got it?
Moca: No problem~. Leave it to Moca-chaaan~!
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Offstage]

(White cut)
Ran: ... Moca.
Moca: Hm~?
Ran: Let's keep moving forward. Further and further. Together.
Moca: Oooh~. Ran, I like that look on your face~.
Ran: Haha. I could say the same to you.
Staff: Afterglow, you're up!
Ran & Moca: Okay. Okaaay~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Good evening. We're Afterglow.
Ran: As always, we're going full throttle... so don't look away.
Ran: ... Let's go, everyone.
Moca: ...
Ran: ... ♪
(White cut)
