event169-06 Chapter 5: Separate Colors Together as One

Everyone adds things they like to Moca's favorite phrases and the result is...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: ... Then let's get started. I messaged you all already, but I want to talk about our new song.
Tomoe: We've all been thinking about it a lot, but it's pretty tough going.
Himari: Yeah. A song that's, "the same as always, but different..." I feel like if we only could latch onto something, then we could get somewhere, but...
Ran: Well then, I've got that something for you. All thanks to Moca, that is.
Himari: Huh? Really?! Moca, why didn't you tell us~?
Moca: Now, now, hold your horses. First off, look at this~.
Tsugumi: ... ? This is your homework, isn't it? There's stuff scribbled all over it...
Moca: That's not just "stuff"~. Take a closer look~. What do you see~?
Himari: Oh, there's music written here! And here, and here...! On the other side of the paper, too! Moca, did you come up with all of this yourself?!
Moca: I guess~. I sorta just jot them down when they come to me~.
Tomoe: You can't call this much music, "just jotting stuff down." This is amazing, Moca!
Moca: Ehehe~, thanks~.
Ran: Basically, all these phrases that Moca's doodled are the sort of sounds Moca's into right now.
Ran: "This sounds nice." "This is the music I want to play..." These phrases were all born from those sorts of pure, simple thoughts.
Ran: And so I thought, maybe if we all came together and added the stuff we like and the stuff we want to hear... then we could make the song that way.
Tomoe: Huh... Sounds like fun!
Himari: Are you really okay with us just throwing out phrases we like, though? That doesn't sound like it'd all mesh together that well...
Ran: Of course, we won't put them in as is. If I had to say, I just want for us to share what we like. That's all.
Ran: Moca said she was just doodling what she liked, but I feel like I can sense that she's searching for more from her guitar with these phrases.
Moca: And we thought maybe you're all feeling the same way~. It'd be a way to see a whole new side to each other~? That sorta thing~.
Tsugumi: I see! That might actually be a good way to make a song that's not like all of our others!
Tsugumi: Maybe I'll do a little doodling, too. Where's my notebook...?
Tomoe: I'll hop on the drums and do my thinking there.
Himari: Oooh, nice! Then let's get to work!
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... Well, here's what I've got. You hit 'em like, "graaagh!" and then pull 'em back in with a "glomp" sorta feel.
Himari: Oh, that's really cool~! Then if the bass comes in sort of like this...
Tomoe: Oooh! I like that!
Moca: Hey, hey~! I just came up with an idea~. I foresee things getting mega deep if I add in this sorta phrase~.
Ran: Oh, Tsugumi, I like this phrase here. How do I put it... It's subtle. Refreshing.
Tsugumi: Thanks! It helps put an accent on things when you add in parts like this, right?
Ran: Yeah, exactly. Like, if we put in a guitar phrase like this right before...
Tsugumi: Wow, that's really good, Ran-chan!
Himari: We've come up with a load of ideas, haven't we?! It's still not a song yet, but I feel like I've got a way better image of what I want in my head now!
Ran: Yeah. If we pick stuff that sounds usable as a base from what we've got here, I think this might come together nicely.
Tomoe: Man, I never thought we'd put a song together like this.
Tsugumi: Yeah. I thought I already knew what everyone liked, but after talking about it like this I can see there are small differences from what I assumed.
Moca: And it was a lot of fun hearing about what sort of music you all like, too~.
Himari: Okay. How about we call it a day here? I'll go reserve our next studio day!
Ran: (A new Afterglow song that's the same as always, but different... I think I can see it now.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Moca: Well gosh~, now wasn't that a productive studio session~? We finally got some progress on our new song~.
Himari: Let's make this song a real hit and show it off to everyone at the next band battle!
Ran: Yup. I'll keep thinking on it, so let's talk about it again at our next practice.
Tsugumi: Thanks. I'll do some thinking, too!
Tomoe: Alright then, we're gonna go. See you two tomorrow, Ran, Moca.
Tsugumi & Himari: Bye-bye!
Moca: Bye-bye~.
Ran: ... I'm glad we tried your idea, Moca. There's a lot we ended up finding out thanks to it.
Moca: Good, good~.
Ran: It's all thanks to you. Thanks to how you've always kept playing your guitar at your own pace, and in your own way.
Moca: Huh~...
Moca: ... I guess it was good that I decided to focus on looking at life through my own lenses back then.
Ran: What's this all of a sudden?
Moca: I mean, it sorta feels like we're on the verge of making another hit Afterglow song, y'know~.
Moca: And thinking about how stuff that you might not care much about actually ends up being useful to the group as a whole is...
Moca: It's cool to see us all sharing stuff with each other. It's like Afterglow is growing bigger and bigger~. It hits super deep~.
Ran: Hey, they haven't seen nothing yet, right? You, me, Afterglow... We're only just getting started.
Moca: Oooh~, you tell 'em, Ran~!
Ran: I will. For today, at least.
(Black cut)
