event169-01 Opening: Moca's Sound

During practice, there's an unusual fire in the way Moca plays the guitar...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: Okay. I think we're doing pretty good.
Moca: Nice, nice~. Feels like all it needs is a little dash of deepness, no~?
Ran: Yeah. I think there's still room for improvement between the interlude and the end.
Tsugumi: The timings there are kind of tough, yeah. Should we try using eye signals or something?
Tomoe: Oh, I've got it! What about if we try looking at each other while we play, like that time we played down with the crowd? It'd set the mood, too!
Himari: Oooh, let's try it, yeah! ... Is what I'd like to say, but... We've got to start cleaning up soon!
Tomoe: Huh? Is it that time already?
Moca: I dunno, I'm still ready to keep playing~. C'mon, let's go one... no, three more songs!
Tsugumi: You went up...? But, I do think we could fit one more song in.
Himari: Alright, then one more song before clean up! Ran, Moca, and I will turn to face Tsugu and Tomoe. That should work, right?
Ran: Yeah. Moving their instruments around would waste time, anyway.
Moca: Okaaay. Everyone, prepare to start crying once you see how deep my guitar skills are~.
Ran: Yeah, whatever. Just get ready.
Tomoe: Alright, let's go! One, two, three, four!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Himari: Ugh~, it's so cold... Does buying bread really take this long?
Tomoe: Well, Moca looked pretty beat by the time we got here. Maybe she's stocking up?
Tsugumi: She must be really spent. She was on fire today!
Himari: Right~?! Seeing how much fun she was having made it even more fun for me, too.
Tomoe: Yeah. She looked like she was totally letting the music in, you know what I mean? It was actually kinda surprising.
Himari: True, she doesn't usually get that excited outside of when we're actually playing at a concert.
Moca: We're back, everyone~.
Himari: About time, gosh~! ... Wait, is that bag all bread?! You're going to eat all that?!
Ran: She just kept piling them on. Then she ended up buying even more once we headed to check out and she got told about some new stuff they're selling.
Moca: I was just about to run out of gas, you know~. Which means it's time to refuel~.
Moca: *munch munch* ... Mmm~, buns really are made of happiness~.
Tomoe: Ahaha, if we're talking honest, Moca's never more honest about her feelings than when she's eating bread.
Tsugumi: Fufu, you might be right. If there's anything Moca-chan won't lie to herself about, it's bread and her guitar.
Moca: ... ? What're you all talking about~?
Himari: Just that you were really pumped up during practice today!
Tsugumi: You changed a few things in your part, right? I really liked that.
Tomoe: Oh, yeah! I thought that was awesome, too.
Himari: Me, too! Why don't you try that at our next show? I know everyone would love it! Right, Ran?
Ran: Sure, why not?
Moca: No way~, I'm not gonna do that at a show~.
Tomoe: Why? It sounded great. You don't gotta be stingy about stuff like that, do you?
Moca: Cause it's kinda embarrassing~? It's kinda like, y'know, that saying. "A skilled hawk hides its talons~."
Tomoe: Well, I suppose that is sorta like you, I guess... Personally, I'd love to see you do what you did today at a real concert, though.
Himari: Oh, that's right, I forgot. There's something I've got to tell you all. We've been invited to a band battle.
Ran: Huh? Again? But we just got invited to a show the other day, didn't we?
Moca: Ahaha, that's because we're mega-famous mass media darlings~. So? What're we gonna do~?
Tsugumi: I'm in.
Ran: Do you even need to ask? There's only one answer here.
Moca: Oooh, Ran, you're all fired up~.
Ran: Look who's talking. You are too, aren't you? We all heard how you played today.
Moca: Ehehe, busted~.
Himari: Then I'll send them the okay! I'll start looking up who we'll be playing against, too.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Mitake Residence - Ran's Room]

Ran: New song... What to do...?
Ran: (A bunch of ideas are swimming around my head, but they're all guitar-focused.)
Ran: (The sound of Moca's guitar really stuck with me today...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Moca's guitar, huh...
(Black cut)
