event169-02 Chapter 1: The Afterglow Now

When Afterglow discusses the set list, writing a new song gets brought up...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Himari: Finally~! Come on everyone, let's eat lunch! Get your lunchboxes out, hurry, hurry!
Tsugumi: What're you in such a rush for, Himari-chan?
Tomoe: She's starving, I bet. Her stomach was growling all through the end of that last class.
Himari: What?! You heard that?
Ran: I heard it from all the way over at my seat. Huh? ... Where's Moca?
Tsugumi: Looks like she's still taking notes.
Himari: Hey, Moca~. Come on, it's time for lunch~!
Moca: ... ~♪ Sorry, just wait a sec~.
Ran: Moca taking notes after class...?
Tomoe: Not a sight you see every day, that's for sure. I can't see her prioritizing anything over her bread.
Moca: Alright, I'm ready~. Let's eat~. We've gotta hurry or else Hii-chan's stomach will start growling at us~.
Himari: It already is~. Now let's go!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Tsugumi: Should we start thinking about our set list for the next show?
Tomoe: Good idea. We've still got some time, but might as well.
Himari: A set list, huh~... We should make it one with a lot of impact! One that'll set the atmosphere of the room in an instant!
Moca: Wouldn't that depend on whatever atmosphere the band playing before us sets?
Himari: That's a good point... I think the band before us plays a lot of pretty low-key songs~.
Tomoe: Then that means our first song's gotta have some oomph!
Ran: That's what you always say.
Tomoe: But you wanna grab the crowd's attention from the very beginning, don't you? Show 'em all, y'know... "This is the Afterglow of the here and now!"
Tsugumi: Hm... In that case, then I guess... "SENSENFUKOKU?"
Himari: That'd work, but... what about a new song? I've been thinking it's about time.
Moca: Hii-chan, nice idea~. That gets one Moca-chan vote~.
Ran: I was actually thinking about a new song yesterday.
Moca: Oooh~, that's the Ran I know~. You work fast~.
Ran: Problem is, I can't come up with anything concrete. That's why I want to hear what kind of song you all want to make.
Tsugumi: The last song we made was a summer song, right?
Tomoe: If that's the case, then-
Ran: I'll say it now, "oomph" is banned. So is "deep," Moca.
Tomoe: Ugh... You really gonna go there~? It's so easy to understand though. Y'know, it's just... Oomph.
Moca: What's wrong with "deep"~? Ran, you're so mean~.
Ran: I'm not saying they're bad. I'm just saying that there'd be nothing different about our new song with those words as the theme.
Himari: I'd like to hear what Moca's thinking, actually~. Your guitar playing's been feeling kind of different lately.
Moca: Hm~, really? I've just been playing the same as always, though~.
Tsugumi: I've been thinking you've changed too, lately. You may not be doing anything different, but there's still something that feels different...
Himari: That's it! Especially yesterday, that's exactly what it felt like!
Tomoe: Hm? Then why don’t we use that as the theme for our new song? "The same as always, but different."
Ran: "The same as always, but different..." That's easy to say, but as a theme that sounds really hard.
Himari: It may be hard, but that's the kind of song I want to make!
Tsugumi: Me too! I'm sure if we put all our heads together, we can make it work!
Moca: Oooh~, Tsugu's on fire today~.
Tomoe: I'll think about it too. I'll message you all if I think of anything, alright? Let's do this, everyone.
Moca: Okaaay. Roger that~.
Ran: ...
Moca: Hm? What's wrong, Ran?
Ran: No, it's nothing.
Ran: (So everyone else noticed that Moca's guitar playing has changed, too...)
Ran: (The same as always, but different...)
Ran: (What are you thinking about when you play right now, Moca...? What is it that you're seeing...?)
Moca: Whoa, Ran~. You're gonna make me blush if you keep staring at me like that~.
Ran: ... Sigh. That's not why I'm looking at you.
(Black cut)
