event20-01 Opening: Halloween Fun!

With Halloween looming just a day away, Kokoro begins to think of fun ideas, but...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Walking Home From School]

Kokoro: ... Oh? I think something fun is happening downtown! I wonder if it's a festival!
Misaki: Ah, there's jack-o'-lanterns on display in front of the shops. Oh, of course, it's Halloween tomorrow.
Kokoro: Oh, I see! I bet we can do lots of fun things during Halloween! What should we do? Hmm~.
Kokoro: ... I've got it!  Why don't we give our school a Halloween makeover like they have downtown?
Kokoro: We could also make a path out of jack-o'-lanterns and use it to cross all the way to America!
Misaki: C'mon, as if that'd be possible. We can't just make a path over the ocean.
Kokoro: Jack-o'-lanterns are light, so I'm sure they will float! Which means we should be able to cross over to America!
Misaki: Cross over...? Let's say that they do float. Just how many pumpkins do you think it's going to take to do this?
Misaki: If we're going to enjoy Halloween, why don't we at least think of a more realistic way to do so?
Kokoro: If we work together, I'm sure we can build a bridge to anywhere!
Misaki: That's the furthest thing from realistic... Your imagination is amazing, but I wish you'd get a grasp on reality one of these days.
Saya: Huh? Kokoro and Misaki. Are you guys on your way home?
Kokoro: Oh, it's Saya and Rimi! Perfect timing!
Rimi: Hello, Kokoro-chan. What do you mean by perfect timing?
Kokoro: I want you to think of something to do for Halloween! If we all put our heads together, I'm sure we can come up with a wonderful idea!
Saya: An idea for Halloween? Are you going to do something?
Misaki: Kokoro... you have to explain things properly, you know? I'm sorry, Ushigome-san, Yamabuki-san. It's Halloween tomorrow, so Kokoro wants to do something fun.
Rimi: Something fun... Hmm, I wonder what would be good. What do you think, Saya-chan?
Saya: It's hard to think of something on the spot like this, huh...?
Kokoro: Then let's just go with the jack-o'-lantern bridge to America!
Misaki: I thought I just shot down that idea.
Kokoro: Then how about a country other than America? I wonder where would be best...
Misaki: Kokoro, why don't we forget that one for now? Let's come up with something that we can actually do tomorrow.
Misaki: For example... a jack-o'-lantern party or something.
Kokoro: That sounds fun! We could get a giant pumpkin and make a jack-o'-lantern out of it together!
Misaki: ... Sorry, forget I even mentioned it. Knowing the Tsurumakis, an extremely oversized pumpkin is probably within the realm of possibility...
Misaki: Considering the fact we'll need a place to put it, and then the time required to do whatever we're going to do... I don't think it's going to work.
Rimi: Hmm... it's tomorrow, after all. We should probably think of something that won't be very time-consuming...
Saya: We could make pumpkin buns or something like that...
Kokoro: Nice! That sounds fun!
Saya: Ahh, but... we probably wouldn't be able to get the ingredients and things that we need by tomorrow...
Misaki: Either way, we just don't have much time to work with. Let's keep it simple.
Kokoro: Then how about we have a Halloween concert!
Misaki: That's the complete opposite of simple. There's no way we'll be able to find a live house at such short notice.
Kokoro: Who cares about that? If everyone comes together, we can perform anywhere we like!
Saya: Ahaha, Kokoro is just like Kasumi...
Misaki: Haha... we've both got it rough, huh? Yamabuki-san...
Rimi: U-umm, I'd like to see you perform, but are the other members available?
Kokoro: I'll ask them!
Misaki: No. Let's keep it simple.
Saya: Something simple, but fun...
Saya: Oh, now that I think about it, my brother and sister went downtown and got candy from lots of people last Halloween~.
Kokoro: Downtown... candy... That's it!
Misaki: Wh-what? Why raise your voice like that?
Kokoro: Let's have a competition to see who can collect the most candy! It'll be great!
Rimi: C-candy collecting?
Kokoro: That's right! Don't you think it'll be fun?
Misaki: Well, it's the most realistic suggestion you've made so far...
Kokoro: Then it's decided! Let's all enjoy it together!
Misaki: Together...? So that includes the rest of us?
Kokoro: Of course! Everything's more fun when we're together, you know?
Misaki: ... Oh, right.
Rimi: Th-that's true. It probably will be more fun...
Kokoro: I never knew that the downtown area had such a wonderful event.
Saya: They only just starting doing Halloween recently though. It never used to be like this.
Rimi: Yeah, you're right. Halloween was never popular in Japan until recently...
Kokoro: I hope Halloween becomes a normal thing that everyone can enjoy at school and other places someday.
Misaki: I've got a feeling it'll get out of control if that happens...
Kokoro: I think it'd be great if we had more fun things to do and fun places to go!
Kokoro: Mmm~! I can't wait for tomorrow!
