event20-04 Chapter 3: An Unexpected Participant

It's Halloween. Everyone has gathered, but an unexpected member has joined the festivities.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

[After School]

[Downtown -  Halloween Competition Meeting Place]

Kokoro: I took a little while to get changed. Is everyone already here?
Kokoro: Where did Misaki run off to? It's great that Michelle is here, but... I wanted to dress up as a witch with Misaki.
Michelle (Misaki): ... U-uh, yeah, she said she remembered she had something to do.
Kokoro: Oh, I see. That's too bad.
Himari: Oh, it's Kokoro! Hey~, over here~!
Kokoro: Everyone's here!
Rimi: U-um, Kokoro-chan. Saya-chan's replacement hasn't come yet...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Did you call, little kitten?
Rimi: H-huh...? Who are you~?!
Michelle: (K-Kaoru-san!)
Kokoro: You're... the Phantom Thief! Did you come to take part in our Halloween event?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Indeed, for the lovely princess on the corner requested it of me.
Tomoe: On the corner... Do you mean the Yamabuki Bakery?
Kokoro: I see! You're the person Saya was talking about! In that case, I want you to pair up with Rimi!
Rimi: U-um... nice to meet you!
Rimi: (Aww... Saya-chan said it was someone I know, but I don't know any amazing people like this... Oh no... my heart won't stop pounding...!)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ah, the feeling is mutual. It is an honor to be paired with such an adorable princess. Let us make this a Halloween to remember.
Rimi: (... Huh? I feel like I've heard this voice before... Maybe I'm just imagining it.)
Michelle: (Ushigome-san's reaction... Don't tell me she hasn't realized who the Phantom Thief is... Nah, that's not possible. She's not Kokoro.)
Kokoro: We have Michelle and the Phantom Thief! I'm so happy we have lovely guests today!
Kokoro: Okay, now that everyone is here, shall we get started?
Ako: Hold it!
Tomoe: Ah, she made it.
Ako: We're gonna... uh, we will be joining this event!
Kokoro: You're... Ako, from Roselia! Feel free to join us!
Ako: Really? Yay~! Thanks, Kokoro~!
Kokoro: Let's have fun together, Ako! By the way, where is your partner?
Yukina: ...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ahh, a cat costume. I am surprised to see you dressed like that, Yukina.
Yukina: Don't talk about this costume... It was Ako's idea.
Rimi: But it looks really good on you! Ako-chan's angel costume is so cute too...
Ako: This is no ordinary angel, it's a fallen angel! I am the supreme fallen angel of the apocalypse... heh heh heh...
Rimi: Everyone has a proper costume... I wish I'd done a little bit more.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): That's not true. Your hairband with a witch's hat on it suits you well, little kitten.
Ako: Sis, are you guys... vampires?
Tomoe: Uh... yeah... this kind of thing just isn't me, so I didn't really want to do it, but...
Himari: What, really? Don't you think it looks good on her?
Kokoro: It looks great, Tomoe! You both make good vampires!
Himari: Your witch costume is really cute too, Kokoro! And you too, Michelle! You look perfect as a pumpkin!
Michelle (Misaki): I'm... not entirely sure that's a compliment, but... thanks.
Kokoro: Lovely costumes and lovely people! This is the best! Okay, I'll explain the rules again!
Kokoro: As you know, it's Halloween today! We're going to collect lots of candy downtown!
Yukina: ... I have no idea what's going on.
Michelle (Misaki): That's only natural... Allow me to explain things properly.
Michelle (Misaki): Umm, so at Halloween, people say "trick or treat" and collect candy, right? Well, it turns out they do this every year downtown.
Michelle (Misaki): The team that collects the most candy from shoppers or staff in the shops will be the winner.
Ako: So we just have to collect candy then!
Michelle (Misaki): Also, we're going to set a one-hour time limit just so things don't get out of hand. Oh, one more rule, you can't get candy from the same person twice, okay?
Michelle (Misaki): ... That, and sorry for dragging you all into this.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Heh, there is no need for you to apologize. It is not everyday that we are blessed with something as fun as this.
Ako: We're gonna win! Let's do our best, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Yeah. I wouldn't want to go through the trouble of doing something just to lose.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Rimi-chan, victory shall be ours. Let us put our strength together.
Rimi: S-sure!
Himari: We won't be beaten so easily! Right, Tomoe?
Tomoe: You got that right.
Kokoro: Fufu, everyone's ready to go!
Kokoro: Okay, everyone! Halloween special, here we come!
