event20-07 Ending: And the Winner Is...!

Time to announce the winners of the competition. After hearing the results, Kokoro realizes something...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa, Yukina Minato, Ako Udagawa)

[Downtown - Halloween Competition Meeting Place]

Kokoro: Okay, time to announce the results! Let's count the number of candy each team got! Could you do it, Michelle?
Misaki: Okay, I'll announce them now.
Kokoro: Oh, Misaki? What are you doing here? Where's Michelle?
Misaki: Uh, Michelle had another Halloween event to go to. I'll do the announcing instead of her.
Misaki: Umm... I've counted the candy, the team that collected the most was...
Misaki: None other than Kokoro and my... uh, Michelle's team!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Ah... what a shame, Rimi-chan. First place escaped our grasp.
Rimi: Yeah... If only I'd done a better job...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): That's not true. You did you best. Your efforts are worthy of more than first place.
Rimi: Phantom Thief...
Himari: Ahh, I thought we did pretty good, but we didn't make first place~.
Himari: Oh well, I got to see something special so I guess that's enough for me! Fufu, I never thought I'd see Tomoe go full vampire like that...!
Himari: Just seeing that was enough to make me happy! I had a great time~!
Tomoe: Haha, me too. I'd kind of prefer it if you forget what you saw today though...
Ako: We couldn't even beat my sister, let alone get first place...
Yukina: ... And yet we were so close. If we ever do this again... I promise we won't lose.
Tomoe: That's my line. You won't beat us next time either.
Ako: Hey, Hii-chan. My sis and Yukina-san are smiling at each other! They're friends now!
Himari: Yeah, I think they're starting to get along really well!
Misaki: Nice work, Kokoro. Everyone seems to have had a great time. We got first place too...
Kokoro: ... That's not important.
Misaki: Hm? What's not important?
Kokoro: Who cares about first place or winning!
Kokoro: That's not the reason I wanted to have this event!
Misaki: Umm... I'm not sure I follow...
Kokoro: I wanted to have this event so that everyone could have fun, but everyone's focusing on winning and the first place!
Kokoro: It was really fun for me just enjoying this with everyone together! How about everyone else?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): True, I enjoyed myself so much that I forgot about winning or losing.
Rimi: M-me too! I was really nervous to say trick or treat, but... I had a lot of fun!
Himari: Same here! I had so much fun that I stopped thinking about how much candy I actually had!
Tomoe: Yeah. Well, it was all a bit embarrassing though...
Ako: Me too, me too!  I wish I could've beaten my sis, but that doesn't matter because it was so much fun!
Yukina: ... It wasn't bad.
Kokoro: Great smiles, everyone! Doing things like this that make everyone smile is the best!
Kokoro: Michelle and I didn't win today! Everyone who came and had fun is a winner~!
Misaki: Everyone's a winner...? Then why did you call it a competition in the first place...?
Misaki: (But, I guess it's the kind of thing I should expect Kokoro to say.)
Ako: Hey, Kokoro! If everyone is a winner, why don't we share the candy we collected?
Kokoro: That's a wonderful idea, Ako!
Kokoro: Everyone, grab some candy! Okay...
All: Itadakimasu~!
Kokoro: Mmm~! This is the best! These candies taste better than they usually do! Isn't it a mystery, Misaki?
Misaki: It sure is. Maybe it's because we all had fun together.
Kokoro: Yeah, I'm sure it is! Happy Halloween Special~!
