event20-03 Chapter 2: Who Can Beat my Sis?

Hearing about Halloween from Tomoe, Ako decides she wants to participate too and needs to think of someone to pair up with.

(Character: Tomoe Udagawa, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Living Room]

Ako: Sis, you're home later than usual today. Did you have practice or something?
Tomoe: Nah, I was just talking to Himari about tomorrow.
Ako: Is there something going on?
Tomoe: Kokoro invited me to take part in some Halloween thing. It's a competition to see who can get the most candy from downtown.
Ako: Really?! That sounds fun! I wanna do it too!
Tomoe: Well, I'm just taking part... Kokoro is one organizing it, so you'll have to ask her.
Tomoe: Also, we're doing it in pairs of two, and on top of that we have to wear a costume. Are you going to be able to be ready by tomorrow?
Ako: Uh... who are you pairing up with, sis?
Tomoe: I'm going with Himari. Kokoro is pairing up with Misaki, and Rimi... I'm not sure who it is, but I think she has a partner.
Ako: ...Got it! I'll find someone to pair up with tomorrow and then ask Kokoro if it's okay!
Ako: I've got lots of bits and pieces in my room, so the costume shouldn't be a problem!
Tomoe: I see. I hope you can get ready in time.
Ako: Thanks, sis!
Ako: Ehehe, now, who should I pair up with~?
Ako: (If I'm gonna take part, I may as well try to win... Which means my sis is gonna the boss enemy!)
Ako: Who could beat my sis...? Who do I know that can beat my sis...?
Tomoe: What's up, Ako?
Ako: Hrm...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Ako: ... Ah, there she is! Yukina-san~! Good morning!
Yukina: Ako?
Lisa: Morning, Ako. What are you doing here? Everything okay?
Ako: Lisa-nee, morning! I actually need to ask Yukina-san a favor!
Yukina: Does it have to be right now? Class is about to start. I don't have much time to spare.
Ako: Don't worry! It won't take long!
Ako: Um, Yukina-san! Could you take part in a Halloween event with me today?
Yukina: Halloween...? Sorry, but I'm not interested in that kind of thing.
Ako: B-but, I need your help, Yukina-san! The event is a competition, and my big sis is going to be in it!
Ako: If have to beat my sister to be able to win! And you're the only one who can beat her! C'mon, please!
Lisa: Why don't you give it a try, Yukina? It might be nice for a change♪
Lisa: Weren't you saying that you were having trouble coming up with ideas for a new song?
Lisa: Experiencing something a little out of the ordinary like a Halloween event might help you find some ideas!
Yukina: ... I wonder if that's the case. It doesn't sound very convincing to me...
Ako: Yukina-san, please please please~!
Lisa: Yukina♪ Look how much she wants your help? Go with her~. We don't have practice today anyway.
Yukina: I suppose you do have a point... Okay. I'll take part in your Halloween event.
Ako: Yay~! Thank you, Yukina-san!
Ako: And don't worry, I've already got a costume for you!
Yukina: A costume...? What are you talking about?
Ako: It's a Halloween event, so we have to dress up. I'm going to wear a fallen angel costume. I have a pair of cat ears and a tail for you, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Cat ears... and a tail...? I'm supposed to wear those...?
Ako: That's right! Let's dress you up as a cat and beat my sister!
Lisa: I like the sound of those cat ears. You never know, Yukina. We might wear something like that on stage someday.
Lisa: Think of it as practice for that day♪
Yukina: ... I don't know what you mean. Why would we wear something like this on stage...?
Ako: Yukina-san, you won't wear it for me...?
Yukina: ... *sigh* Okay, I'll do it. I'll wear the costume you chose for me.
Ako: Yay~! Thank you so much, Yukina-san!
Ako: Okay, I'll come back and meet you after school! Let's win this thing together!
