event20-05 Chapter 4: A Wonderful Idea

The candy gathering has begun, so Kokoro and the others head downtown, but...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Halloween Competition Start Point]

Kokoro: Are you ready, Michelle? Let's go ask those people over there!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, wait a minute, Kokoro! We should really come up with a plan instead of just asking randomly... Ugh, she's gone again...
(Black cut)
Kokoro: Happy Halloween! Trick or treat! Give us some treats, or prepare to be tricked!
Passerby: Oh, what a cute little witch. Sorry, it's not much, but here's some candy.
Kokoro: We did it, Michelle! We got our first candy!
Kokoro: Let's keep it up! Happy Halloween! Trick or Treat!
Michelle (Misaki): *sigh* She's not listening... Ugh.
Michelle (Misaki): Ahem... earth to Kokoro~. Come here for a moment.
Kokoro: What is it, Michelle?
Michelle (Misaki): That person happened to be fine with it, but if you approach people while they are doing something, you might trouble the shop staff or the people themselves, you know?
Michelle (Misaki): We need to come up with a plan to make sure that doesn't happen.
Michelle: (That, and chasing a super-energetic Kokoro around while I'm in Michelle is going to kill me...)
Kokoro: That's a lovely idea! Okay, let's think of a plan!
Michelle (Misaki): Okay... Kokoro, could you jump inside this white bag?
Kokoro: You want me to get in here? And then what?
Michelle (Misaki): So here's the plan...
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Hey, everyone~! It's Michelle~. It's Halloween today, so give Michelle some candy.
Downtown Shopper: Oh, it's already that time of year again. Just a moment. Hey, bring out some candy~!
Michelle (Misaki): Yay! Thank you~! Could you put them in this white bag for me?
Downtown Shopper: Sure thing! Okay, I'll just open it up and...
Kokoro: Trick or Treat! I'm a witch and I'm here for your candy! Can I have some?
Downtown Shopper: Aah! ... Hahaha, I wasn't expecting a young lady to pop out of there!
Downtown Shopper: Looks like you got me! Honey! Could you get us some more candy?
Kokoro: Thanks! Happy Halloween!
Michelle: (Ooh, I didn't think it'd go this well... I had my doubts about having Kokoro jump out of the bag, but it seems everyone loves it.)
Michelle: (If we do this at every shop I won't have to move around and wear myself out so much. Yeah, let's stick to this until we're out of time.)
Michelle (Misaki): Okay, jump back in the bag, Kokoro. Let's try that one more time.
Kokoro: Let's try something different next! Why don't I hop on a broom, and say I'm a witch who wants lots of candy!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? A broom...? Ah, hey, don't just run off!
Kokoro: There's no time to waste standing around! Let's visit lots of shops and... huh?
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): My, if it isn't the adorable witch and the pumpkin bear.
Kokoro: You haven't started collecting candy yet?
Rimi: N-not yet... I couldn't say trick or treat properly... so, um...
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): We've been practicing. We will start collecting candy once the young lady's heart is ready for it.
Kokoro: I see! Rimi, try saying it to me!
Rimi: S-sure! Umm... umm, uh... trick or treat...!
Kokoro: Nice! That was so cute! I'm sure you'll be okay now!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): I agree with Kokoro. Let us give it a try, my little kitten.
Rimi: O-okay...!
Kokoro: Well, good luck! Let's go, Michelle!
Michelle (Misaki): Didn't I tell you not to run off like that?!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Now then, my princess. Why don't we test out the fruits of your practice?
Rimi: O-okay!
Rimi: (... I-I'm still so nervous~. If I don't say it soon, they'll walk right by us...)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): ... Hmm.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Hello there, lovely lady. This charming-little princess has something she would like to say to you.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Would you mind lending her your ears?
Rimi: (Th-the Phantom Thief is...)
Passerby: Oh my, lovely? How embarrassing. So, what does a cute witch like you want with me?
Rimi: Um, well...
Rimi: (She set this up for me, I can't let myself miss this chance...!)
Rimi: *breathe*... *breathe*... T-trick or treat...! C-can I have some... candy?
Passerby: Oh... fufu, I wasn't expecting a cute-little witch to ask me for candy today... Here you go. And for you, too.
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): You have my thanks, my lady. Good work, Rimi-chan.
Rimi: I did it... W-we got some candy!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): And it's all thanks to your hard work. Let's keep at it.
Rimi: Okay!
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Fufu, there is nothing like a woman's smile. It is so bright and... fleeting.
Rimi: (The Phantom Thief is so cool, but... I feel like I've heard that word before...)
