event20-02 Chapter 1: Teaming Up

With the Halloween activity being decided, the girls think about how to split up into teams...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown - Halloween Meeting]

Misaki: Kokoro. It's good and all that we've decided what we're going to do for Halloween, but who else is going to join us? I think it's going to be hard to get people to come at this point.
Misaki: We have to decide if we're going to do it individually or in teams too...
Kokoro: I haven't decided! In any case, I want it to be something fun!
Misaki: Well... if Ushigome-san and Yamabuki-san are going to join us, why don't we make it teams of two? It might get out of hand if we go individually.
Kokoro: Okay, let's do that! We can be in a team together, Misaki!
Misaki: Hmm... I guess there's no telling what you'll do if I let you out of my sight. Okay, we're a team.
Rimi: U-umm, I guess we're together then, Saya-chan...?
Saya: Ah, sorry. I have to help out at the bakery on Halloween.
Kokoro: Oh? That's a shame. So, what should we do about Rimi's team?
Saya: Hmm... I know someone who probably likes this kind of thing. I'll ask if she can come instead of me.
Kokoro: Thanks, Saya! I can't wait to meet this person!
Rimi: Um, I'm going to pair up with someone that isn't Saya-chan...? I wonder if I'll be okay...
Kokoro: We have more fun things to do! This is great! So, tomorrow it will be Saya's replacement, Rimi, Misaki, and me!
Kokoro: Hmm, but... I think it would be more fun with a bigger group! Let's invite more people!
Misaki: Invite who though...?
Kokoro: People who will have fun with us! Come on, let's go look for them, Misaki!
Misaki: Whaaat?! ... She's gone, argh!
Misaki: Yamabuki-san, Ushigome-san. It looks like we're going now. I'll contact you later with the details about the time and place...
Misaki: Wait up, Kokoro...!
(Black cut)

[Downtown - Searching For Halloween Participants]

Kokoro: Hello~! Is there anyone who can enjoy Halloween with us tomorrow?
Misaki: *huff* *puff*... I finally caught up. Don't run off like that, Kokoro...
Kokoro: But I want to invite lots of people! Ah! How about those people shopping over there?
Misaki: ... At least ask someone we know. Approaching a complete stranger like that is a bit too much.
Kokoro: Someone we know? Hmm... Someone we know...
Kokoro: ... Misaki! There's someone we know!
Misaki: ... Really? Ah... It's Udagawa-san and Uehara-san.
Tomoe: Look who it is, Misaki and Kokoro. What are you guys doing here?
Kokoro: You two! Take part in our Halloween Competition!
Himari: Halloween Competition?
Misaki: *sigh*... You skipped the explanation again... They won't know what's going on unless you start from the beginning...
Misaki: Umm, Udagawa-san, Uehara-san. What Kokoro is trying to say is...
(Black cut)
Himari: I see, I see! So we just have to collect candy? That sounds fun~!
Kokoro: That's right, Himari! I'm sure it'll be a really fun Halloween!
Himari: We have to do it in teams of two, right? Tomoe, let's pair up!
Tomoe: ... I've got nothing else on. Sure, why not?
Himari: Yay~! Thanks, Tomoe!
Kokoro: That's three teams. This is going to be so exciting!
Himari: I have an idea, Kokoro. Since it's Halloween, don't you think it'll be more fun if we wear costumes?
Kokoro: That sounds great! You're a genius, Himari!
Misaki: Wait a second, that's way too sudden. We're not you, Kokoro, we can't just prepare something like that without notice.
Tomoe: That's true. We have our stage outfits, but that's hardly Halloween...
Himari: But if we just wear our school uniforms or our usual clothes it just won't be as exciting!
Kokoro: That's right! It's Halloween, after all! I think we should wear something we don't usually wear.
Misaki: *sigh*... How about this? If you can prepare a costume, feel free to wear it.
Himari: I'm definitely going to wear a costume! I wonder what I should go as~.
Misaki: I think anything will be fine. In the least, even just a hair accessory will make a difference.
Tomoe: If that's the case, I'm sure I can come up with something.
Kokoro: I can't wait to see everyone's costumes! You're going to wear one too, right, Misaki?
Misaki: Ahh... yeah, sure.
Kokoro: We're going to wear costumes, get candy... I can't wait for tomorrow!
