event225-01 Opening: The Student from France

Summoned to the student council room, Misaki and Arisa are met by the principal.

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

School Intercom: Class 3E, Misaki Okusawa-san, Class 3A, Arisa Ichigaya-san, please report to the student council room immediately. I repeat-
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Student Council Room]

Misaki: Hello. Ah, you're already here, Ichigaya-san. You certainly didn't waste any time.
Arisa: Oh, President, I see you've arrived.
Misaki: I wish you wouldn't call me that... I'm guessing we've been summoned over you-know-what.
Arisa: Probably. They are supposed to arrive today, after all...
Misaki: Ah, Principal.
Principal: Okusawa-san, Ichigaya-san. Thank you for coming. As mentioned previously, starting today, our school will be welcoming an international student. Please enter.
Misaki: Whoa... She's really pretty.
Charlotte: It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Charlotte Louise Misono, and I'll be attending Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy as an international student.
Misaki: Oh, pleasure to meet you too. I'm Misaki Okusawa, and I guess you can say I'm the student council president.
Arisa: N-nice to meet you. I'm Arisa Ichigaya, the vice president.
Charlotte: There's a lot that I still need to get used to, and I may end up troubling you both, so I hope you'll be patient with me.
Misaki: No problem. You're from France, though, aren't you...? Your Japanese is really good...
Charlotte: My grandmother is Japanese. I also used to live in Japan when I was little.
Charlotte: I hope I haven't done or said anything strange. I did try to brush up on my Japanese and knowledge of Japanese culture in preparation for studying here.
Arisa: Don't worry, you've done absolutely nothing out of the ordinary...
Charlotte: That's such a relief... Thank you very much!
Principal: Misono-san will be studying here as a second-year student. As members of the student council, please ensure that she gets the support she needs.
Arisa: Yes, of course. We'll look out for her.
Misaki: Uh... Alright, Misono-san. If you need anything, feel free to come to us, okay?
Charlotte: Okay! Okusawa-san, Ichigaya-san, thank you kindly! Oh, and please call me Charley. That's what I'm called back in France.
Misaki: (Hahaha... She seems quite mature. I'm not sure she'll be needing any help from me...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 3E]

Hagumi: Oh! Welcome back, Mii-kun! So, what's the international student like?!
Kokoro: Tell us, tell us! We have to know!
Misaki: Hey, slow down. Let me sit down first at least.
Misaki: Alright, so, all we really did was say hello to each other, but she seemed pretty mature.
Misaki: She was all graceful and ladylike, too, like a French noble, you know...? You could say she was pretty much the opposite of you, Kokoro.
Kokoro: Wow! She sounds like a really fun person!
Hagumi: She's supposed to be from France, right? I wonder what made her decide to come to Japan!
Misaki: No clue... It didn't exactly come up.
Hagumi: Oh! Do you think she speaks French?! I wonder what the French word for croquette is!
Misaki: I'm sure she can... but I dunno if they have croquettes over there.
Kokoro: Mmm~! A mystery! Let's go see her right now!
Hagumi: Great idea~! I wanna meet her too!
Misaki: Not so fast~! She's going to freak out if you come at her with so much energy!
Misaki: I already told her I'll be checking on her after school, so just wait until then. Alright?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

Kokoro: Misaki! Hagumi! This way! Let's go see her! Hurry!
Misaki: Wait, wait! I haven't even told you what class she's in yet!
Hagumi: Mii-kun, Mii-kun! How do you say hi to someone in French?
Misaki: Japanese'll work just fine! Argh, this is not good. They haven't cooled down at all-
Hagumi: ... Ah! Kokoron! Look where you're going! In front of you!
Kokoro: Hm...? ...!
Charlotte: Ow...
Misaki: ...! A-are you alright?!
Charlotte: Y-yes, I'm fine... We only bumped into each other lightly... Oh, Okusawa-san...?
Misaki: Misono-san...?! What are you doing here...?
Kokoro: Are you okay? If you're hurt, I'll make the pain go away with the magic of smiles!
Charlotte: ...!
Misaki: Wh-what's the matter?
Charlotte: Oh, it's nothing...
Charlotte: ... Hello, Kokoro-chan. It's been a while.
