event225-03 Chapter 2: Just like Back Then

Charlotte joins in on the band's activities and recalls how she and Kokoro met.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Residential Area]

Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile~!
Kokoro & Kaoru & Hagumi: Patrol~!
Charlotte: P-Patrol...?
Misaki: No need to play along. Those three dummies operate on a different wavelength.
Charlotte: I'm sorry, I don't quite understand what a Smile Patrol is.
Kanon: It's one of our band's activities, but it kind of has nothing to do with music...
Kokoro: We patrol the city to protect everyone's smiles!
Hagumi: And whenever there's someone who can't smile, we try to bring a smile to their face!
Kaoru: That is our mission, the mission of the Smile Patrol.
Kokoro: Come on, Charley! Let's patrol together!
Charlotte: What...? Um... well...
Misaki: Kokoro, you're making Misono-san uncomfortable.
Charlotte: Oh, it's alright... You really haven't changed at all, Kokoro-chan.
Charlotte: Not one bit from the time we first met.
Kanon: Now that I think about it, I don't think you ever mentioned how the two of you got to know each other.
Kaoru: Ah, now that is a tale I would love to hear, a fleeting memory shared by the two of you from bygone days...
Charlotte: Hm? Oh, yes... of course...
Charlotte: The first time I met Kokoro-chan was at a party hosted by the Tsurumakis.
Charlotte: I was waiting by myself so that I wouldn't get in the way of what my parents were talking about. That was when Kokoro-chan approached me and said...
Charlotte: What are you doing? "Is just standing there any fun?"
Charlotte: Then she took my hand and invited me to play. She treated me as if we had been friends all along.
Kaoru: Ah, what a fleeting tale...!
Kanon: It sounds like Kokoro-chan has always been the way she is now.
Charlotte: Looking back, actually, that just might've been what's considered a fateful encounter.
Misaki: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Kokoro: Alright, everyone, you know the drill! Time to find lots of smiles!
Hagumi: Charirin, are you hungry at all? Let's go to my place to have some croquettes!
Charlotte: Korokkes...?
Misaki: You probably have no idea what she's talking about. It's basically potatoes and ground beef that's been breaded and deep-fried...
Charlotte: Oh, by korokke, do you mean croquettes? My grandmother has made some for me a number of times!
Charlotte: Now that I think about it, I remember hearing French croquettes came to Japan and became korokke.
Hagumi: Huh?! Croquettes... are from France?!
Misaki: Don't think I've ever heard that one before... I guess that makes France the place where they originated, huh?
Charlotte: I would love to have Japanese croquettes! I wonder if they're any different.
Kanon: I'm not sure, but Hagumi-chan's family runs a butcher shop, and they're famous for their croquettes...
Kaoru: Ah, I would love to hear what you think of them, little kitten.
Kokoro: ... Hm?
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Sigh... Yet another day without any customers...
Kokoro: That person's face looks so cloudy it could rain any minute.
Hagumi: That's the rice ball lady. Hi~!
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Oh, Hagumi-chan, girls... Hi there.
Kaoru: Such a somber expression. Is something troubling you?
Rice Ball Shop Owner: You see, we haven't been getting any customers lately... It's such a shame too. I know how good our rice balls are.
Charlotte: Wow, there are so many delicious-looking rice balls... Is it common in Japan to have them in a display cabinet?
Misaki: Not all, but some do. Have you had rice balls before, Misono-san?
Charlotte: Yes, my Japanese grandmother made some for me before... This kind of brings back memories...
Kokoro: Let's eat them together then!
Kokoro: We'll take all the rice balls in this case!
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Pardon me?!
Misaki: Hold it, Kokoro~! There's no way we can eat this many! Not to mention, think of how much it'll inconvenience the shop...
Kokoro: Oh? But they look so yummy. I'm sure we'll be able to keep eating them!
Misaki: Yummy or not, this is a bit much...
Charlotte: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
