event225-05 Chapter 4: Understanding

There's no stopping Kokoro now. Misaki and Charlotte grin wryly.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Charlotte: A rice ball parade...?
Misaki: ... And what is that supposed to be?
Kokoro: Exactly what it sounds like. A parade with rice balls!
Hagumi: That sounds amazing, Kokoron! I wanna do a rice ball parade too!
Kaoru: A rice ball parade...?! It has such a joyous ring to it. I am sure it will be most fleeting as well...
Hagumi: Oh, hey, why don't we combine the rice ball parade with Charirin's welcome parade?!
Kokoro: That's such a good idea! You're full of great ideas today, Hagumi!
Hagumi: It just suddenly came to me! Maybe it's because I had that yummy rice ball.
Kaoru: Ah... I can see Charlotte-chan atop a float, smiling with a rice ball in hand...
Kaoru: So fleeting...
Kokoro: Okay, time for the Smile Rice Ball Welcome, Charley Parade!
Misaki: Hold it~!
Kokoro: What is it?
Misaki: You're trying to cram in way too much!
Misaki: Why does Misono-san have to hold a rice ball during the parade anyway?! It makes no sense!
Kokoro: Oh?
Misaki: Let's pretend for a moment that the Smile Rice Ball Parade thing is okay, at least spare Misono-san...!
Hagumi: But Mii-kun, what are we gonna do to welcome her then? I wanna give her a proper welcome...!
Kaoru: Perhaps we can perform a rice ball concert at the climax of the parade.
Kaoru: A concert by us will be a fine way to welcome Charlotte-chan, do you not think?
Kokoro: That's it! I love it! We need to get a place for our show ready!
Kid: Hello, Happy World!'s doing a show! Yay~!
Woman: Now, that sounds like another fun idea. I think I might as well stick around.
Woman: Excuse me, could I have a rice ball~?
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Huh? Oh, yes, of course, right away! Thank you very much...!
Charlotte: ...
Misaki: Oh boy... There's no stopping Kokoro when she becomes like this.
Charlotte: Yes... I know quite well. She was like this back then too.
Misaki: Yeah, like, seriously~. Well, we're all pretty used to it at this point.
Charlotte: It must be quite trying for all of you. You have my sympathies.
Misaki: I wouldn't say it's trying really... Despite everything, there's a part of me that actually kind of enjoys it.
Misaki: Of course, being with Kokoro means life is never easy, but that's also part of the Hello, Happy World! package...
Charlotte: ...
Misaki: Hm? Misono-san...?
Charlotte: I know exactly what you mean! I, too, felt the same way.
Charlotte: Fufufu... I do look forward so much to spending more time with Kokoro-chan once again...!
Misaki: ...
Hagumi: Mii-kun! Charirin! The parade's ready! Time to go!
Misaki: Hm? Ah, right... Shall we go, Misono-san?
Charlotte: Yes. I can't wait to see your concert.
