event225-02 Chapter 1: Charley

Misaki, Kokoro, and Hagumi encounter Charlotte. Charlotte seems to know Kokoro.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

Misaki: Huh...? Been a while...?
Kokoro: You know who I am?
Charlotte: Why, of course I do...! We used to play with each other when we were little... Have you forgotten?
Kokoro: Hmm~... Oh! Is that you, Charley?!
Charlotte: I'm so glad you remember now.
Hagumi: Huh? What's going on? I'm confused...!
Misaki: Let me get this straight, Kokoro... Misono-san is an international student from France... but you two are friends?
Kokoro: Yeah, exactly! We used to see each other a whole lot whenever there were parties at my place!
Charlotte: This was all before I went to France, but I have only fun memories of my time with Kokoro-chan. Even now, I remember them so clearly.
Misaki: Th-that means...
Misaki: You're... childhood friends?
Hagumi: Wow, incredible! You're Kokoron's childhood friend!
Misaki: Does that mean you came to study at Hanasakigawa because she's here?
Charlotte: Oh, no. I had no idea we would be attending the same high school.
Kokoro: This is amazing! I can't believe we get to meet again like this, Charley! Smiles must've brought us together!
Charlotte: Fufufu. I see you still love smiles, just like back then, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Of course! After all, we're Hello, Happy World!
Charlotte: ... Hello, what?
Misaki: Oh~, that. It's the name of our band...
Hagumi: Yeah! We try to make the world smile!
Kokoro: There's also Kanon and Kaoru, and, oh, I have to introduce them to you, Charley!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Come on in! This is where we have our Hello, Happy World! meetings!
Charlotte: This room... It's been so long since I was last here...
Misaki: Oh, right. Kokoro did say you used to come to the parties here.
Charlotte: Yes... We would sneak out and play, though, because we didn't really understand what the adults were saying.
Misaki: I see... If you were attending parties here... you must be way upper class, Misono-san...
Kaoru: Greetings, little kittens. Forgive me for my tardiness.
Kanon: I heard we're having an emergency Hello, Happy World! meeting. What's going on?
Hagumi: Big news, guys! Kokoron has a childhood friend!
Charlotte: It's a pleasure to meet you. My name is Charlotte Louise Misono. Kokoro-chan graciously invited me to come and visit today.
Kaoru: Ah...! What a wonderful day today is...! To think that I would be graced with the presence of such a fleeting little kitten...
Kaoru: I am Kaoru Seta... a prince dedicated to smiles and fleetingness.
Kanon: Nice to meet you too. I'm Kanon Matsubara.
Misaki: Misono-san is an international student at Hanasakigawa... Oh, and she's from France too.
Kanon: France? Th-then...
Kanon: B-bonjour...
Hagumi: What~?! Kano-chan-senpai, you speak French?!
Kanon: I decided to take French as my second foreign language at college. If you don't mind, there are so many things I'd love to chat with you about.
Charlotte: Why, certainly, we must chat! Fufu, your pronunciation is excellent, by the way.
Kanon: Your Japanese is very nice, too, Charlotte-chan. If you don't mind me asking, what's this about you and Kokoro-chan being childhood friends...?
Charlotte: I used to live here when I was little. Kokoro-chan and I met back then...
Hagumi: Hey, hey, Charirin! Can I ask you something?
Charlotte: Hm...? What's this Charirin?
Hagumi: It's the nickname for you that I came up with! Cute, right? Oh, anyway, what was Kokoron like when she was little? I wanna know!
Charlotte: Well... Unlike ordinary people, Kokoro-chan always had the ability to think outside the box.
Charlotte: On top of that, whenever she set her mind on doing something, she could follow through no matter what... It made keeping up with her quite challenging, honestly.
Misaki: Oh... I totally get where you're coming from, Misono-san...
Kokoro: Really? I don't remember all that well.
Kokoro: Anyway, enough about the past! Let's think about the present! It's now time to have a Hello, Happy World! meeting for Charley!
Charlotte: A what meeting...?
Kokoro: We're going to talk about what to do as a band! Feel free to chip in, Charley!
Hagumi: Oh, me, me~! I want Charirin to try out croquettes! Our croquettes are the best in the world!
Kaoru: Fufu... What about an improvisational theatre performance for our little kitten? Such a performance will surely bring a smile to her face.
Kokoro: Mmm~! Both those ideas are really nice! As for me, I want to hold a parade with a big float for us to ride! It'll be Charley's welcome parade!
Charlotte: I'm afraid I'm not quite seeing the connection to band activities...
Misaki: Ahaha... Sorry. This is the kind of stuff we're always up to...
Charlotte: ... Oh, you don't need to apologize. If anything, I'm relieved.
Misaki: Relieved?
Charlotte: Why, yes. Kokoro-chan hasn't changed at all! She still thinks outside the box.
Misaki: ...
Kokoro: Misaki, Charley, let's go! If we don't hurry, the sun'll become sleepy!
Misaki: ... Uh, what? Wait, you've already decided what we're doing?! Uh-oh, I missed that part...!
