event225-04 Chapter 3: Operation Smile Rice Ball

What is Kokoro's idea to make the rice ball shop owner smile...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Downtown]

Misaki: Well, at least we settled for one rice ball each for starters. What filling did you pick, Kanon-san?
Kanon: The salmon roe. The ones on top just looked so shiny and delicious.
Hagumi: Look at mine! It's got so much bonito flakes inside!
Kaoru: Fufu... The texture of the crispy nori is whetting my appetite.
Kaoru & Hagumi: Let us eat. Time to dig in~!
Kokoro: Alright, Charley! Let's eat! I'm sure it'll make you smile!
Charlotte: O-okay... Um... Here it goes...
Charlotte: Ugh... This is sour...! What is this...?!
Kokoro: Hm? Are those tears of joy? Is it that good?
Misaki: Oh... You picked the pickled ume, huh, Misono-san?
Kanon: You're not fond of ume?
Charlotte: Ngh... It's my first time trying it...
Kaoru: How fleeting it is to experience the new flavors of a foreign land...
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Fufu. Having a bunch of people here to liven up the place and eat our rice balls really does make me feel so much better...
Misaki: By the way, you said earlier that business has been slow lately...
Hagumi: I wonder why. These are such yummy rice balls too.
Rice Ball Shop Owner: Well... Ever since that fancy sandwich place opened up by the station, people stopped coming...
Rice Ball Shop Owner: It doesn't help either that this shop's on the plain side or that we've never done any real advertising...
Misaki: Oh, I remember seeing a long line of people in front of the station... I was wondering what that was all about.
Kokoro: This sounds like a problem we can take care of! Just leave it to us!
Misaki: Yeah... Wait, what?!
Kokoro: There's no way such yummy rice balls won't make people smile! It's such a waste they're not being eaten!
Kokoro: We have to get people to try these Smile Rice Balls! It'll make the rice ball lady smile as well!
Hagumi: Okay! I wanna help too!
Kaoru: As do I, of course... We shall make this establishment so popular that people will always be waiting in line.
Kokoro: Alright, people, the Smile Patrol has a job to do!
Misaki: Uh, hold on. How exactly do you plan to attract customers?
Kokoro: That's what we need to figure out!
Misaki: Why am I not surprised...? Seriously, though, I have no idea how we're going to pull this off...
Kaoru: Hmm... I say we must understand what it feels like to be a rice ball so that we can think like one.
Hagumi: Ohh...! I wonder what that feels like.
Kokoro: Alright, Charley. You try thinking like a rice ball too!
Charlotte: ... M-me...?
Kokoro: Yeah! Let's come up with a plan for Operation Smile Rice Ball!
(Black cut)
Misaki: Uh... Ready, Misono-san?
Charlotte: I-I can't...! I've never juggled before...
Kokoro: I know you can do it! Let's gather lots of customers!
Charlotte: How exactly is juggling supposed to attract customers to a rice ball shop...?!
Kaoru: Come one, come all, little kittens! The curtain is about to rise on a most magical show.
Kanon: We also have some delicious free rice ball samples that you're welcome to try out~!
Woman: Well, well, if it isn't the Hello, Happy World! girls. Looks like they're up to something fun again.
Kid: Ohh, juggling! I wanna see, I wanna see!
Charlotte: It's not like I can suddenly juggle just because you want me to... Oh, well... I-is this how you do it...? Ugh!
Charlotte: Ngh... I can't...
Charlotte: Let's try this again... And again... It's no good... I knew it...
Misaki: Kokoro, I'm really not sure about forcing her to do this...
Kokoro: Charley!
Charlotte: ...!
Kokoro: Smile! You need to smile if you want other people to smile! There isn't a single thing in this whole wide world that's impossible!
Kokoro: Fufufu, it's all coming back! We used to make lots of people smile like this back then, too, didn't we, Charley?
Charlotte: ...
Charlotte: ... Okay. I'll try once more.
All: ...
Charlotte: ... Here it goes!
Hagumi: Wow! You're doing it! You're juggling, Charirin!
Man: Huh, not bad. Keep it up~!
Kid: You can do it~!
Kokoro: Misaki! Let's start too!
Misaki: Alright, alright... Well, it wouldn't be right to make Misono-san do all the heavy lifting.
(Black cut)
Woman: That was a fun show. I think I'll grab some rice balls while I'm here.
Kid: Mom~! I wanna try juggling too!
Charlotte: It looks like things managed to work out.
Misaki: Great job, Misono-san. At least we've got people talking now.
Hagumi: Yeah! The people who tried out the rice ball samples all said they were yummy too!
Kokoro: Hm? What are all of you resting for? There's more work to be done!
Misaki: ... Huh?
Misaki: W-wait, Kokoro, there's more stuff for us to do...?
Kokoro: Of course! Things are just getting started!
Charlotte & Misaki: Seriously?!
