event225-07 Ending: I'll Never

At the end of a hectic day, Charlotte watches as Kokoro and the girls leave...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

(Black cut)

[After The Show]

Hagumi: Charirin! What did you think of our show?!
Charlotte: It was a lovely concert, so free, cheerful, and fun...
Kaoru: Fufu... We seem to have brought a smile to the face of yet another little kitten...
Kokoro: Of course! It's what we do!
Misaki: Fufu...
Kanon: Ah... I'm so glad you're smiling, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Huh? Wh-what do you mean?
Kanon: I'm sorry if I have the wrong idea, but you seemed to be acting a bit strange before the concert...
Misaki: Oh... Haha, I guess you saw right through me, too, Kanon-san.
Misaki: You see, I was having some negative feelings... but I got to talk to Hagumi about them.
Misaki: Doing that kind of helped me start thinking a bit more positively... That's why I've decided to temporarily set aside those feelings.
Misaki: Because I've realized that now's the only time I can enjoy the present.
Kanon: Fufu... I see. That's pretty impressive of you.
Misaki: Well, it's really only because there's no changing the past... so why dwell on it so much, you know?
Charlotte: ... And what is that supposed to mean?
Misaki & Kanon: ...?
Hagumi: Charirin? What's the matter?
Misaki: S-sorry... Did I say something to offend you?
Charlotte: Oh... Ah, no! It's my throat acting up somewhat... I apologize for raising my voice like that.
Kaoru: Have you caught a cold, perhaps?
Charlotte: No... I-I cheered a bit too much during the concert!
Charlotte: It was just so incredible... Today has been full of surprises, in fact!
Charlotte: All the chatting we did showed me that Kokoro-chan now has so many people around her and is even more amazing than she used to be.
Misaki: O-oh? Well, I'm glad you're not mad or anything.
Misaki: You know... I had no idea you and I were thinking so similarly, Misono-san.
Misaki: Kokoro, us, we're all gradually changing... It is what it is, huh?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Charlotte: I had an amazing time today. Do you think I can be a part of your activities once again?
Hagumi: Of course! Next time, I wanna play softball with you~!
Kaoru: You must come and see one of my plays eventually. I shall ready a front-row seat ticket for you, little kitten.
Kanon: I'd love to chat with you some more, too, Charlotte-chan. Maybe you can even teach me French if it's alright.
Misaki: I'll come to your classroom again to check on you tomorrow, okay? Weird as it probably feels, I am the student council president, so...
Charlotte: Of course! Thank you very much, everyone.
Charlotte: I really do look forward to spending more time together.
Kokoro: Me too! Let's look for tons of fun things~!
Charlotte: ... Phew. Maintaining a fake smile is a lot more taxing than I expected...
Charlotte: No point dwelling on the past...? As if you would know.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: What are you doing here?
Kokoro: My name's Kokoro Tsurumaki! What's your name?
Charlotte: U-um... Charley... You're one of the Tsurumakis...?
Kokoro: Ohh, Charley! That's such a nice name!
Kokoro: So, what are you doing here? Is just standing there any fun?
Charlotte: ... I'm waiting for my mommy and daddy.
Kokoro: If you're going to wait anyway, we should do something fun! There's a huge pond over there!
Kokoro: I'm sure it's filled with lots of fishies! Let's go look!
Charlotte: What? Fishies...? W-wait! Stop pulling...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Charlotte: You're just as pushy and overbearing as I remember... You haven't changed at all...
Charlotte: ... No. If anything, you've become worse.
Charlotte: You may be surrounded by friends now, but the time will come when you'll be all alone...
Charlotte: A time when people... will turn their backs on you...
Charlotte: Kokoro Tsurumaki...
Charlotte: I'll never forgive you for taking away my ability to smile...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
