event225-06 Chapter 5: Memories I Don’t Have

Kokoro and Charlotte talk about their past. What goes through Misaki's mind?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Charlotte: Impressive... The concert stage was set up in no time. Those people in black suits are the Tsurumaki family's...
Kokoro: Charley! What did you think of the parade?
Charlotte: Fufu, there was so much cheerful marching, and it was so festive. The owner of the rice ball shop seemed really happy too.
Kokoro: Everyone had such nice smiles!
Charlotte: ... Kokoro-chan. Do you remember that time we explored the garden at your place?
Kokoro: ...? When was this?
Charlotte: I believe it was during the tea party. You dragged me around as you always did, and we went all over the place...
Charlotte: We got lost and ended up sharing the rice ball my grandmother had made.
Kokoro: That does sound familiar! Remembering things about you is so much fun!
Misaki: ...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, Mii-kun! We have a huge problem~! It's almost time for the show, but Michelle isn't here yet!
Misaki: Hm? Oh, right... I'm sure she'll be here soon.
Misaki: Yeah... I should probably get changed.
Hagumi: Mii-kun?
Misaki: ... Don't you need to get ready, too, Hagumi? You should probably get to it.
Hagumi: Nuh-uh, we're done getting ready. It's just Michelle now.
Misaki: O-oh...
Hagumi: ... Hey, is something on your mind?
Misaki: Huh...?
Misaki: Nah... This isn't the sort of thing I should be talking to other people about...
Hagumi: But I don't wanna see you looking like this! If there's anything I can do, you can tell me about it!
Misaki: Well...
Misaki: ... It's about Misono-san.
Hagumi: You mean Charirin?
Misaki: Yeah... Technically, it's about her and Kokoro though.
Misaki: With how responsible, graceful, and ladylike she is, I'm sure she's a good person.
Misaki: Not to mention, she and Kokoro knew each other when they were little, so it's only natural that Kokoro's happy to see her again.
Misaki: But... whenever Misono-san talks about Kokoro, I get this negative feeling.
Hagumi: Why? I think it's fun to hear about what Kokoron was like when she was little.
Misaki: Don't get me wrong, it is for me too... It's just that I can't seem to fully enjoy it.
Misaki: It feels like... Misono-san knows so much more about Kokoro than I do.
Misaki: And it's made me aware of just how little I know about Kokoro's past.
Misaki: That train of thought has been making me sick of myself.
Hagumi: ...
Hagumi: ... I don't really understand what's bothering you.
Hagumi: I wanna learn more about Kokoron's past. It's exciting to imagine what she must've been like.
Misaki: ... Yeah, that's probably the normal attitude...
Hagumi: But...
Hagumi: I don't want you to feel all negative!
Hagumi: I have no idea how to make you feel better, so...
Hagumi: ... Just watch us perform!
Hagumi: You're part of the band, too, so let's show Charirin that our shows can make anyone smile!
Hagumi: Let's be the ones this time to show her what Kokoron does now!
Hagumi: Because our shows are super-duper fun!
Misaki: ...
Misaki: Yeah, you're right.
Hagumi: Mii-kun...!
Misaki: Sorry, I have to go and grab Michelle. I'll bring her in time for the show, okay?
Hagumi: Okay! I know you will!
Misaki: (Thanks, Hagumi... What matters is enjoying the present, isn't it...?)
Misaki: (With Kokoro always sprinting ahead at full speed, I'll be left behind if I stand around...)
Misaki: (And completely dwelling on the past will make me miss out on so much, won't it?)
