event197-06 Chapter 5: The Reason behind "Yes"

The train ride home. PAREO gazes at LOCK's smiling face tenderly...

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara)

[Train]

LOCK (Rokka): That was so fun~...!
PAREO (Reona): I'm happy for you, LOCK-san.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you very much for today. I really enjoyed getting to chat so much with everyone again for the first time in ages.
PAREO (Reona): I can see why. All of you do seem rather close.
LOCK (Rokka): We are! Back when we were in the same band, we saw each other every single day.
LOCK (Rokka): Being with them made me feel like I was back in middle school.
LOCK (Rokka): Things like music, school, the old lady who runs the neighborhood penny candy shop... I felt like I could keep going on forever...
LOCK (Rokka): We even talked about this one song we tried covering back then! It was by the band with that person who wrote a song for Pastel＊Palettes recently...
LOCK (Rokka): Um~, the name's not coming to me...!
PAREO (Reona): Mitt Clang?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, them! It was a mighty hard song, too, so we struggled a whole lot while practicing it... Good times~.
LOCK (Rokka): By the way, how did things go for you? You mentioned a TV drama pilgrimage.
PAREO (Reona): I was able to do everything I said would. While at the very spot that appeared in the show, I could see Chisato-sama herself gracefully standing there...♪
PAREO (Reona): Would you like to see some photographs?
LOCK (Rokka): Really? I'd love to.
PAREO (Reona): Then behold... my finest one♪
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~...
LOCK (Rokka): It's... the river...
PAREO (Reona): Fufu. For you, it's probably nothing special because you've seen it a million times already.
LOCK (Rokka): I-I'm sorry, it's just that I'm not familiar with that particular TV drama...! I'll be sure to take a look when I have the chance.
PAREO (Reona): Please do! Allow me to send you a link to where you can watch it for free. Also, here's the official blog that has photographs and a site with episode summaries♪
LOCK (Rokka): Ahh! I-I'm getting so many notifications...!
PAREO (Reona): Think of this as the Chisato-sama TV drama starter package for when I'm recommending her shows♪ I have everything in one place for easy sharing.
LOCK (Rokka): I see...! You're always well-prepared and able to do everything so smoothly...
PAREO (Reona): Oh?
LOCK (Rokka): Even for today's trip, you researched the bus and train schedules and planned out which ones to take.
LOCK (Rokka): I really should learn from your example because I tend to be more spur-of-the-moment.
LOCK (Rokka): By the way, I'm sorry I couldn't remember the sweet potato cake place despite everything you've done for me.
PAREO (Reona): No, no, it's really alright.
PAREO (Reona): Being able to see your smiling face has given me more than enough joy♪
LOCK (Rokka): You know, there never seems to be a moment when you're not doing everything you can for someone.
PAREO (Reona): Really...?
LOCK (Rokka): It's not just this time, either. You're also doing things like always taking care of CHU²-san. I admire that about you.
PAREO (Reona): Well... There was a time when it was all for my own sake...
PAREO (Reona): But now, I would say it's about fifty-fifty between myself and others.
LOCK (Rokka): What do you mean?
PAREO (Reona): Behind my desire to bring joy to the people who are important to me also lies the desire to impress them.
PAREO (Reona): And when those very same people smile, it makes me happy. However, I also feel just as happy when the people I care about return my affection...
PAREO (Reona): That is why, when someone I care about asks me to do something for them, I respond with "Yes, PAREO."
PAREO (Reona): So while this trip has been about bringing you joy, it has also been about impressing you...
PAREO (Reona): Because you, LOCK-san, are my dear friend.
LOCK (Rokka): ...!
LOCK (Rokka): I-I feel the same way about you! You're an amazing and unbeatable band member and my dear friend too!
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san...
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, thank you very much♪
PAREO (Reona): Although, your gaze was filled with such heartfelt sincerity that I have to say I feel a little embarrassed now.
LOCK (Rokka): Really?! Ah, I-I'm sorry...
PAREO (Reona): No, no, it was very passionate and nice too♪
PAREO (Reona): Now then, to live up to your feelings, I will make sure the surprise party is a success!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you.
LOCK (Rokka): Um, actually, it's not a surprise anymore, isn't it...?
PAREO (Reona): Ah! We have to change trains at the next stop! LOCK-san, please prepare your belongings.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, already?! Yes, LOCK!
