event197-05 Chapter 4: Westward!

PAREO and LOCK arrive at LOCK's hometown. Unexpected faces are there.

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara)

[LOCK's Hometown]

LOCK (Rokka): W-we're actually here...!
PAREO (Reona): I did everything I could to get us here as quickly as possible, but we won't be able to stay for long before having to return... I'm sorry.
LOCK (Rokka): It's okay! I didn't even think I would get to visit until the end of the year. I'm happy simply to be back!
LOCK (Rokka): I just wish...
PAREO (Reona): Is something wrong?
LOCK (Rokka): I got in touch with my former bandmates to see if we could use this chance to meet, but they have something to do today...
LOCK (Rokka): Well, it was rather sudden, so it can't be helped, I suppose. Enough negativity! Let's go hunt for the sweet potato cake place!
PAREO (Reona): Everything will be okay, LOCK-san. It should be any moment now...
???: Hey~, LOCK~!
(White cut)
LOCK (Rokka): Pato, Toriko, Berry...! You're all here! I thought you had something to take care of?!
Pato: Ehehe, surprise successful~!
Berry: Yay~!
PAREO (Reona): Yay~♪ We did it, everyone!
(White cut)
(Background change)
LOCK (Rokka): W-wait, what's going on? PAREO-san, you know my friends...?!
PAREO (Reona): I do, in fact♪ You were the one who introduced us in the dressing room during the Girls Band Challenge, remember?
LOCK (Rokka): But I don't have any memory of you exchanging contact information...
PAREO (Reona): Fufu. I thought your friends might also want to surprise you, so I tracked down their social media accounts and secretly contacted them.
PAREO (Reona): It wasn't a difficult search, either, thanks to the somewhat unique keyword.
LOCK (Rokka): Unique keyword... Is it what I think it is...?
PAREO (Reona): Yes, "Flowerland Farm♪" The comments they left in response to your post made them easy to find.
LOCK (Rokka): S-so that's why you suggested taking a picture at the time...
PAREO (Reona): Oh, no, no, no~. That was something I genuinely wanted to do♪
LOCK (Rokka): Y-you're unbelievable... I'm so glad you're on my side...
PAREO (Reona): Now then, I'm sure all of you have a lot of catching up to do, so I'll excuse myself.
LOCK (Rokka): Wait, but you came all the way here, so...!
PAREO (Reona): Well, you see, I've kept a secret from you. There's something I absolutely must do while I'm here.
LOCK (Rokka): At my hometown, of all places?
PAREO (Reona): Yes. In fact, it's something I can only do here. Because...
PAREO (Reona): There is a riverbank nearby where a TV drama featuring Chisato-sama was filmed~!
Toriko: It's not ringing any bells for me. What about you?
Pato: Oh, maybe it's that place. Remember in middle school when LOCK spaced out, and her homework worksheets ended up getting washed away...?
LOCK (Rokka): Wh-why did you have to bring that up in front of PAREO-san~?!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu♪ Please, don't mind me, LOCK-san. While you are spending time with your friends, I shall quickly make my way there and do some photographing.
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you... I'll do just that then.
PAREO (Reona): Take care~. I must embark on my TV drama pilgrimage♪
LOCK (Rokka): She's already so far away! I suppose I shouldn't be surprised since it is PAREO-san...!
Berry: I've always thought you were a bit unique, LOCK, but she's definitely up there, alright~.
Toriko: She's really sweet though. She said when she heard about the last time you came back, she wanted to make sure we'd get to meet.
LOCK (Rokka): PAREO-san... I had no idea...
Pato: Hey, since we don't have much time, how about we go to that new café? I heard their fruit sandwiches are really nice.
LOCK (Rokka): Fruit sandwiches? I'd love to go!
LOCK (Rokka): Oh, before that. There's something I want to ask. Do you remember the place where we had cake right around when we started our band? I got sweet potato cake...
LOCK (Rokka): It was mighty good, and I've been wanting to try it again.
Toriko: Mighty good sweet potato cake, huh~? Can't say I do.
Pato: There are a few cafés and cake places around school, but we went to a lot of them to celebrate using the extra allowance we got after shows.
Berry: Not to mention it's what you always got, and you always looked like you enjoyed eating them. You can't expect us to know which one was special.
LOCK (Rokka): N-no, I didn't~! But I guess even my parents did say they had no clue... And here I thought maybe one of you might know.
Pato: Well, I don't think there's anything you can do about it. And who knows, maybe you'll find something mighty good at the café we're going to.
LOCK (Rokka): There you go again~, Pato. Always just saying things like that even when you have no idea what you're talking about.
Berry: Don't worry, LOCK, I'm sure you'll find something. Come on!
LOCK (Rokka): Okay!
