event197-01 Opening: For My Dear

The members find out how busy LOCK has been. What do they think?

(Character: Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Studio]

PAREO (Reona): Ohh~! Congratulations! Congratulations!
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO, you freaked me out! What was that for?!
PAREO (Reona): Ah, CHU²-sama! It's LOCK-san...
LOCK (Rokka): I finally, finally... finally finished my summer class assignments for scholarship students~!
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, nice!
LAYER (Rei): You were even working on it constantly in between practice.
LOCK (Rokka): Yes, and it seemed like no matter how much I did, there was always more... The last time I fell asleep holding a mechanical pencil was around entrance exams~...!
LAYER (Rei): Great job managing that on top of show practice.
MASKING (Masuki): That ain't all. She even had part-time work!
CHU² (Chiyu): And why exactly are you the one sounding so proud, MASKING?
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san, you were allowed to come to Tokyo on condition that you maintain your scholarship for three years, right?
LOCK (Rokka): Yes. If I hadn't finished the assignments, I might've even had to go back home...
CHU² (Chiyu): Ridiculous. If that ever happens, I'm bringing you back with or without anyone's consent.
LOCK (Rokka): As much as I appreciate how far you're willing to go, CHU²-san, please try to settle things peacefully~...
LOCK (Rokka): Anyway, at least for now, I can stay with the band.
PAREO (Reona): I'm so happy for you, LOCK-san!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you! Ah, I almost forgot. I need to call home...
LAYER (Rei): Speaking of home, did you get to go back during summer break?
MASKING (Masuki): Good question. Didn't seem like you had time to.
LOCK (Rokka): I made sure to go back! I was only there for a bit though...
PAREO (Reona): And how much was "a bit" exactly, if you don't mind me asking?
LOCK (Rokka): Two days during the Obon holiday...
MASKING (Masuki): Dang, just two days?!
PAREO (Reona): You probably weren't able to relax very much then.
LOCK (Rokka): No, I got to sleep in until about nine and did lots of catching up with my family!
LOCK (Rokka): But I didn't get to see my former bandmates... Our schedules didn't work out. If I have any regrets, it's only that, really.
LAYER (Rei): Oh... Too bad.
CHU² (Chiyu): Why don't you just use video chat? It's easy enough on a phone now.
MASKING (Masuki): Man, you're missin' the point.
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): I-it's alright, like, really! It's just because I wanted to practice a lot with all of you!
LOCK (Rokka): Plus, the four of us message each other regularly, so we're all pretty up-to-date when it comes to current events in our lives.
LOCK (Rokka): Not to mention, we have social media accounts from back when we formed the band in middle school. They're always posting pictures when they go places...
PAREO (Reona): When you keep looking at someone's face in a photograph, it can feel like they're right there with you.
PAREO (Reona): On days when I can't come to the studio, I go through the photographs we've taken together.
LOCK (Rokka): I do that too! It has this effect of helping ease the loneliness, doesn't it? That's kind of how it works with my former bandmates too.
LOCK (Rokka): So there's really no need for all of you to worry about me so much.
MASKING (Masuki): LOCK...
CHU² (Chiyu): ... Alright, time to practice. I'm sure I don't need to remind you, but we're continuing where we left off yesterday.
LOCK & PAREO: Okay!
(Black cut)
LOCK (Rokka): That was some great practice, everyone! I know it's a little early, but I have to go now.
PAREO (Reona): Already, LOCK-san?
LOCK (Rokka): Well, while working on the assignments, my family at the bathhouse let me get away with doing fewer chores than usual...
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I've decided I'm going to make up for it by helping out more starting today!
LAYER (Rei): That's really thoughtful of you, LOCK.
MASKING (Masuki): Good luck!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you! See all of you at practice next time!
PAREO (Reona): ... LOCK-san still seems quite busy even after finishing her assignments.
LAYER (Rei): Whether it's school or helping out at the bathhouse, she always works so hard that I sometimes worry a bit.
MASKING (Masuki): I mean, she didn't even get to see her friends from back home, right? I had no idea...
PAREO (Reona): Yes... Which is precisely why...
PAREO (Reona): We must hold a surprise party!
LAYER (Rei): ... Come again?
CHU² (Chiyu): PAREO, what does that even have to do with anything?
PAREO (Reona): The party will be for celebrating the fact that LOCK-san has successfully finished her assignments!
CHU² (Chiyu): And the need for the surprise part is...?
PAREO (Reona): While we're at it, I think it's best that we also do something that will bring her the greatest joy possible♪
MASKING (Masuki): I'm all for it bein' a surprise. If we start organizin' a party and tell LOCK we're doin' it for her, she'll probably say we don't have to.
LAYER (Rei): You sure like your surprise parties, Masuki. I seem to recall you were the one who enjoyed that party we threw for CHU² the most.
MASKING (Masuki): Shut it. We both know I ain't the only one, so don't you go pretendin' like you don't enjoy them too, Rei.
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh~. Oh, fine. And I take it it'll be here... right?
MASKING (Masuki): Huh, looks like someone else is lookin' forward to the party as well!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not, okay~?!
CHU² (Chiyu): Ugh... Alright, PAREO, you're in charge of the organizing. Although knowing you, I bet you intended to from the start.
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~♪ Mission accepted!
PAREO (Reona): I will do whatever it takes to succeed with flying colors! You won't be disappointed♪
