event197-02 Chapter 1: Surprise... x2

PAREO is preparing for the surprise party when LOCK suddenly shows up...!

(Character: Rokka Asahi, Reona Nyubara)

[CHU²'s Penthouse - Living Room]

PAREO (Reona): There we go...! Phew, that was quite heavy... I may have gotten carried away and purchased a bit too much.
PAREO (Reona): But at least we now have all the living room decorations♪ Star garlands, colorful balloons... Ohh~♪ No matter how often I look, their cuteness remains unbeatable♪
PAREO (Reona): For now, I will temporarily store them in CHU²-sama's closet so that LOCK-san doesn't see them...
LOCK (Rokka): Hello~.
PAREO (Reona): L-LOCK-san?! What brings you here at this hour?!
LOCK (Rokka): I wanted to come early and practice on my own... By the way, are we having another party?
LOCK (Rokka): Those are living room decorations, right? The stars are mighty cute~.
PAREO (Reona): Um~, these are~...
PAREO (Reona): (Oh no, mission failed... I have been caught red-handed already...)
PAREO (Reona): (No, calm down! Giving up here will bring shame to my job as a keyboardist maid! I must accurately read the situation and improvise accordingly...)
LOCK (Rokka): The show the other day did go pretty well! I can see why we'd want to party!
PAREO (Reona): I'm afraid that's not what these are for this time.
LOCK (Rokka): Oh? I wonder what the reason is, then...
PAREO (Reona): You see...
LOCK (Rokka): Mm-hmm...?
PAREO (Reona): They're for a surprise party for the band that I'm organizing all by myself.
LOCK (Rokka): Really?! A surprise for us...?
PAREO (Reona): I can't believe I allowed myself to be found out by you though. Oh~, I'm such a failure!
PAREO (Reona): You've all been so good to me, so I just wanted to do something to make you happy. I'm sorry for being careless.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-there's no need to apologize! Your feelings alone are enough to fill me with joy!
LOCK (Rokka): And I'm the only one who knows, right? That means it can still be a surprise party!
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san... Thank you very much! In that case, may I ask that you speak of this to no one...?
LOCK (Rokka): My lips are sealed.
PAREO (Reona): Just hearing those words brings me such relief. No matter what happens, please pretend like you know nothing while I prepare for the party♪
PAREO (Reona): (Nice work, me! That was some great improvising if I do say so myself! A true comeback from the brink of failure! The mission isn't over yet~.)
PAREO (Reona): (Also, now that I've stressed the importance of secrecy, I should be able to do whatever I need to without arousing any suspicion♪)
LOCK (Rokka): Um, so I was wondering...
PAREO (Reona): Yes?
LOCK (Rokka): Do you think I could help with the party?
PAREO (Reona): ... Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): All of you are so nice to me too. Not to mention, you made me so happy when I talked about my trip home. I could see just how much all of you cared about me.
LOCK (Rokka): It reminded me that I have amazing friends here. So even though I actually was a bit sad that I didn't get to see my old friends, it wasn't as bad because I was so touched.
LOCK (Rokka): That's why I want you to let me show my appreciation to everyone! Please, PAREO-san!
PAREO (Reona): LOCK-san...
PAREO (Reona): ... Okay. Let's make this the best surprise party ever!
PAREO (Reona): (I ended up saying yes, but now what...? LOCK-san will be preparing her own surprise... How is that supposed to work...?)
LOCK (Rokka): Fufufu, isn't this kind of thing so exciting? I can't wait to see the looks of surprise on everyone's faces.
PAREO (Reona): Neither can I~. Ufufu...
PAREO (Reona): (Although I think you'll be the most surprised...)
PAREO (Reona): Alright... Here's a brief overview. The party will take place here in the living room.
PAREO (Reona): We also already have all the decorations, as you can see. Which is why I was about to start thinking about the food.
LOCK (Rokka): Food! Nice! Normally, Masuki-san would bake us a cake, but...
PAREO (Reona): What do you think about trying something a little different this time and preparing everyone's favorites instead?
LOCK (Rokka): Then we'll need warm milk and something sweet for LAYER-san, and jerky for CHU²-san... Yes, I think it's a great idea.
PAREO (Reona): By the way, what would you be delighted to see?
LOCK (Rokka): Me? Hmm~, roasted sweet potatoes would definitely be nice, but so would taiyaki... dorayaki... ohagi...
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, but I'd have to say Japanese sweet potato cake would be at the top of the list.
PAREO (Reona): You're that fond of sweet potato cake...?
LOCK (Rokka): I usually prefer roasted sweet potatoes, but there's a sweet potato cake I had years ago that's been coming to my mind for some reason.
LOCK (Rokka): I think it was around when we'd made our old band. We went to a café or the eating space of a cake shop using the money we'd been given to celebrate after a show.
LOCK (Rokka): It was my first time doing something like that with just us kids, so I felt like I had suddenly become an adult. I still remember all the joy I felt...
PAREO (Reona): Ah, the flavor of that sweet potato cake has a special place in your heart then.
LOCK (Rokka): Exactly! It was so soft and buttery, and when I put it in my mouth, I felt this gentle, sweet aroma spreading inside...
LOCK (Rokka): Unlike the flavor, which I remember so clearly, I can't seem to recall where I had it though.
PAREO (Reona): I see. What about describing the taste to Massu-san and asking her to recreate it...?
LOCK (Rokka): I've considered it, but I don't think I could explain it well enough... Plus, her sweet potato cakes are already mighty good, so I still want to be able to enjoy them.
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I know what you mean~. I also love the ones she bakes♪
PAREO (Reona): So... Japanese sweet potato cakes that are special... Good, good...
LOCK (Rokka): PAREO-san?
PAREO (Reona): Oh, it's nothing. Now we need to decide what to prepare for Massu-san.
PAREO (Reona): Let's make absolutely sure that we have only the best possible food ready for everyone in time for the party! We do want to make sure they can't be any happier, after all!
LOCK (Rokka): Only the best...! The bar seems to have gone up quite a bit suddenly...
PAREO (Reona): Don't worry. In a situation like this one, just say yes.
PAREO (Reona): Once you've said yes, you have no choice but to produce results!
LOCK (Rokka): Is that what "Yes, PAREO!" is for?!
PAREO (Reona): It can serve as either a pleasant reply or an expression of my determination. Now then, please join me♪
PAREO (Reona): Yes, PAREO~!
LOCK (Rokka): Y-yes, LOCK~!
LOCK (Rokka): I hope everything really is going to be okay...
PAREO (Reona): Leave it to me! Nothing will stop me from making the surprise party absolutely fabulous♪
