event85-03 Chapter 2: Where Did My Earrings Go?

Himari helps Tomoe search for her earrings but, despite her efforts, becomes distracted...

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Udagawa Residence - Tomoe's Room]

Himari: Thank you for having me~!
Himari: ... Oh? Your room is pretty tidy.
Tomoe: Yeah, I cleaned up the day before yesterday.
Himari: And here I thought we wouldn't be able to find your earring because the room is a mess.
Tomoe: Actually, I think I lost track of where it is because I decided to tidy up~...
Himari: What do you mean?
Tomoe: It probably got mixed in with something else in all the chaos.
Himari: Oh, I see now...
Himari: Hm? In other words, we need to go through every square inch of this room?
Tomoe: As much as I hate to say it... that seems to be the case.
Himari: N-no problem! With the two of us... it'll, uh, be done in no time!
Himari: Alright, I'm going to check out that shelf over there!
Tomoe: Man, I'm really sorry about all this. I'll pay you back somehow!
Himari: Hahaha, it's no problem at all. Hmmm, I should make sure it's not buried back in a corner somewhere.
Himari: Heh, looks like this shelf is where all her photos go. Ah, here's one of Inoshima.
Himari: Wow, last year sure is full of memories. I'd love for all of us to go back again someday.
Tomoe: I'm game. Summer break isn't far off. Let's check everyone's schedules later.
Himari: Ah, I think I found some photo albums. One from your middle-school graduation, and another one from... Ah!
Tomoe: Did you find the earring?
Himari: No, just a serious blast from the past. These photos are from when we were kids, right?
Tomoe: Oh, that old thing.
Himari: Look, photos from Christmas! Moca is making a weird face in this one~.
Tomoe: Wow, so she is. I never noticed. Where is she looking, anyway?
Himari: Hm. I think she might be staring at the bread on that table there...
Tomoe: Yeah, she's practically staring a hole through it...
Himari: Moca has liked bread for as long as I can remember.
Himari: Ah, look! This one is of our elementary-school festival, right?
Tomoe: School festival...? Oh, from when you and I had to play the bad guys.
Himari: That's the one. We were pretty naughty back then~.
Tomoe: Haha, everyone sure did treat us like we were~...
Tomoe: ... Hold on! Now's not the time for all this!
Himari: Ah! You're right! Sorry for the flashback~!
Himari: I'll focus now! I promise!
(Black cut)
Himari: ... Darn. We looked all through these shelves, but no sign of that earring.
Tomoe: In that case, the closet is the most likely suspect...
Himari: The closet...!
Tomoe: Yeah, but let me handle it. It's like an...
Himari: Wh-whoooa! Kyaaah!
Tomoe: It's like an avalanche in there, is what I was going to say, but I guess you know now...
Himari: Oh no, I'm sorry! I promise to clean all this up~!
(Black cut)
Tomoe: ... Alright, we've searched every nook and cranny of this room.
Himari: Hey, sorry for increasing our workload back there...
Tomoe: If you're talking about the closet, then don't sweat it. Too bad we never found the earring.
Himari: Hmmm, where could it have gone...?
