event85-04 Chapter 3: Could It Be...?

Himari and Tomoe still can't find the earrings. They look back on the day they went missing.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE - Cafe]

Tomoe: Sorry for taking up your day off like this.
Himari: It's no problem at all. I had nothing else going on anyway. So, where should we look today?
Tomoe: Hmmm, I honestly have no idea where to start. The only place I take my earring off is at home.
Himari: Hey, when was the last time you remember wearing it?
Tomoe: Huh...? It might have been this past Sunday. I haven't worn it since then because of school and all.
Himari: Sunday... Wait, isn't that when we held a show at CiRCLE?
Tomoe: Yep... Ah! Now I remember! I took it off that day!
Himari: Oh, when we changed into our stage outfits! Maybe that's when you lost it...!
Tomoe: Whoa, that's gotta be what happened...! It's a good thing that we decided to meet up here at CiRCLE!
Himari: Hahaha, sure is! Let's go ask Marina-san if she's seen it!
Himari: I hope we can find your earring. I never knew that it meant so much to you.
Tomoe: Well, it's the first one I ever bought. That, and...
Tomoe: Do you remember when we first entered high school and went out shopping together?
Himari: That one time at the shopping mall, you mean?
Tomoe: The very same. There was that knick-knack store that sold the kind of goods I like.
Tomoe: We all thought it looked nice and went inside, and that's when you guys picked out the earring you thought would look best on me.
Himari: ... Oh, now I remember! You're right, I do recall talking about how good it looked on you.
Tomoe: Yeah, that's the one that went missing. We've just got to find it.
Himari: I see... I can't believe I forgot about that~...
Himari: Losing something that important must feel awful...
Tomoe: Hey, now. We don't need you getting all gloomy.
Himari: But I had no idea that you lost such a precious keepsake.
Himari: You were right, though. We have to find it, no matter what!
Moca: Oh-hoh~? Hii-chan?
Ran: And Tomoe?
Himari: Ah, it's Ran and Moca.
Ran: What are you doing here?
Tomoe: It's kind of a long story~...
(Black cut)
Ran: So you lost that earring, then...!
Moca: You okay, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: I'll be alright... is what I'd like to say, but I'm feeling pretty bad...
Himari: D-don't worry! We'll definitely find it here!
Ran & Moca: ...
Ran: I'll help you guys look.
Moca: Me too~.
Tomoe: Really? You weren't on your way somewhere?
Ran: We had planned on doing some shopping, but that can wait for another day.
Moca: Exactly. What you need at times like these is the sharp intellect that only the great Moca-chan can bring~.
Himari: Ran, Moca... Awww, now this is true friendship!
Tomoe: Thanks, you guys...
Himari: Okay, let's hunt down that earring together~! Hey, hey, hoh~!
Ran, Moca & Tomoe: ...
Himari: What gives?! Why didn't you join in~?! That was the perfect set-up, and you blew it~!
Moca: Don't you worry, Hii-chan. We were chanting along in our hearts.
Ran: Yeah, same.
Himari: That doesn't count!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Dressing Room]

Himari: Nope, not here... I can't find it anywhere~... How are you doing over there, Moca~?
Moca: I've got a great big pile of bad news for you. Still want to hear~?
Himari: N-no, thanks. You've already said enough. How about you, Tomoe~?
Tomoe: Sigh... No sign of it over here~...
Ran: I had Marina-san check the lost and found, but there weren't any earrings.
Tomoe: Darn... Argh, where did it get off to~?!
Himari: D-don't give up yet, Tomoe! If it's not here, then it must be...!
Tomoe: Did you think of something?!
Himari: Uhhh... Hold on. Give me a minute. It'll come to me.
Moca: Hii-chan, you're supposed to figure out the mystery before you say that~.
Ran: ... Hey, guys. Wasn't the dressing room a mess during that event?
Himari: It was jam-packed with all the bands participating that day. The room was a lot more lively than usual.
Ran: So we quickly changed clothes and left as soon as possible. Do you think there's a chance that you walked out without putting the earring back in?
Himari, Tomoe & Moca: ...!!
Moca: Did you figure it out, Tomo-chin?
Tomoe: I think so! Well, more like I remember now! Just like Ran said, I only changed clothes and wasn't wearing the earring!
Himari: Where is it, then...?
Tomoe: It should be in the pocket of its case.
Ran: Does that mean you dropped the case itself somewhere?
Himari: That might be what it means...
Tomoe: Oh man...
