event85-02 Chapter 1: Becoming What I Admire

Himari vows to be as cool as Lisa! How will Ran and the others react...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Ran: Cool? You, Himari...?
Himari: That's right. I'm looking to become a cool mentor, exactly like Lisa-senpai.
Himari: So if you guys ever need help with anything, just let me know!
Moca: Hii-chan, the ever reliable~.
Ran: What in the world happened while I was at the commissary...?
Tsugumi: Hahaha... Lisa-senpai is pretty cool, so I get where they're coming from.
Ran: Aren't you setting your sights a little too high by aiming for someone like Lisa-san?
Ran: You're good at helping people out and all, but there is a vital ingredient that is missing.
Himari: A vital ingredient?
Ran: Lisa-san is pretty skilled in general. Almost everything she does is done well.
Himari: I know, she's so awesome!
Ran: And you, well... are kind of the opposite...
Himari: The opposite...? Are you trying to say.. that I never do anything right~?
Moca: Well, your efforts do have a habit of not paying off~.
Tsugumi: B-but Himari-chan, we know you have your heart in the right place...!
Himari: I-I'm not sure that makes me feel better, Tsugu...
Himari: Alright, I get it. I know that I can be somewhat accident-prone!
Himari: But that was the old me! I'm going to show everyone what a cool second-year student I can be!
Himari: I mean, Lisa-senpai wasn't exactly Ms. Perfect during her first year, either.
Ran: I recall her being pretty much the same as she is now... Anyway, good luck with that.
Himari: Jeez~! Everyone is against me on this! Tomoe, help me out here~!
Tomoe: ...
Himari: Tomoe?
Tomoe: Huh? Sorry, what were we talking about...?
Himari: About me becoming a super cool person! What were you daydreaming about?
Tomoe: Oh, it was nothing! Really!
Tomoe: You're hoping to become more like Lisa-san, right~? Sure, go for it~!
Himari: ...? Tomoe's acting kind of weird...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Tomoe: Sigh...
Himari: Tomoe~!
Tomoe: ...? Himari?
Himari: You don't have club today, right? Let's walk home together!
Tomoe: Sure... so long as we don't take any detours on the way~.
Himari: Huh? Are you in a hurry?
Tomoe: I wouldn't really call it that, no...
Himari: Tomoe, are you feeling alright? You've been looking kind of down today. Is something on your mind?
Tomoe: Well... It's not really that I'm worried about something.
Tomoe: Okay, so... I lost an earring of mine...
Himari: An earring? The one you're always wearing, you mean?
Tomoe: Yeah, I noticed that it was gone this morning.
Tomoe: I looked all over but came up empty-handed, so I want to keep searching after I get home.
Himari: Oh, so that's why you're so down in the dumps...
Himari: Okay then, let me help you look for it!
Tomoe: Huh? I'd really appreciate it, but... are you sure?
Himari: Of course! Two sets of eyes will be much better than one, right?
Tomoe: You've got a point... Thanks. I'd be in your debt.
Himari: I told you, you can call on me whenever you need help!
