event85-05 Chapter 4: Lemon-Flavored Cheesecake

Tomoe is dejected over the lost earrings, but Himari has a plan for cheering up her friend.

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Residential Area]

Tomoe: Sigh~.
Himari: A-are you alright, Tomoe~? That sigh could be heard miles from here.
Tomoe: Why did I put my earring in that pocket~...?
Tomoe: It's such an easy way to lose things, hahaha...
Himari: Th-this sour mood is starting to get to you...!
Himari: L-let's try not to lose hope!
Himari: Ran and Moca are looking around the places we went after our show! We'll probably... No, we'll definitely find it!
Tomoe: ... Sorry for dragging you guys into this...
Himari: Jeez~! Knock that off! Anyone would help their friend when they're in need!
Himari: Tomoe, aren't you the one who helps me when I need it?
Tomoe: I guess that's true...
Himari: Hmmm... I know! Let's take a break!
Tomoe: Huh?
Himari: We've been all over this area, so we should stop and rest! Tiring yourself out is what has you so down!
Himari: Come on, already!
Tomoe: F-fine, just stop pulling me~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Himari: Sweets are the perfect medicine for a tired body!
Himari: The limited summer lemon cheesecake is so amazing! You have to try some!
Tomoe: Whoa, I had no idea they had this kind of stuff too.
Himari: Heh, no one knows their way around Tsugu's menu like I do. I'm proud to admit that I help taste test their new dishes.
Tomoe: Eating all that food is only going to make Moca tease you more~.
Himari: No, don't tell her...!
Himari: Anyway, I really do recommend the cheesecake! One bite, and you'll be back to your old self in no time!
Tomoe: Haha, looks like I have no choice but to give it a try.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan, Tomoe-chan. What will you be having today?
Himari: We'll go with the usual, thanks! One for each of us!
Tsugumi: Uh... and by that, do you mean the lemon cheesecake?
Himari: Of course! That rich sweet cheese flavor combined with lemon is beyond compare!
Tsugumi: Th-thank you. Unfortunately, we only have one slice left...
Himari: What?!
Tsugumi: It has really been flying off the shelf recently. We try to make enough to meet the demand, but... Sorry, guys.
Himari: Nooo~. I was so looking forward to having some~.
Tomoe: Don't worry about me, Himari. You should have it.
Himari: Th-there's no way I'll let that happen! I eat it all the time, so it should go to you!
Tomoe: Nah, I think it'd be better off with you.
Himari: N-no, I insist. Go on, Tomoe.
Tsugumi: Would you be alright with splitting it?
Himari: Half for each of us... Hmmm, I guess that's our only option...
Tomoe: Oh, and a tea to go with it. How about you, Himari?
Himari: Same for me...
Tsugumi: One slice of lemon cheesecake and two cups of tea. Coming right up.
Tsugumi: Hey, by the way... I'll join the earring hunt once I've finished with work today.
Tomoe: I wouldn't want to rope you into this, too...
Tsugumi: It's no problem at all! Okay, I'll be right back!
Tomoe: Man, I'm really looking forward to this cheesecake now.
Himari: ...
