event85-07 Ending: Hey, Hey, Hoh~!

Everyone is happy to have Himari around. What is her response to their reminiscing...?

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Riverside]

Ran: Ah, there they are. Himari, Tomoe~.
Tsugumi: I'm glad you were able to find the earring!
Moca: We were wondering where you were~...
Himari: Hey, everyone...
Ran, Moca & Tsugumi: She's crying...!
Ran: Whoa. What's with the tears?
Tomoe: Yeah, it's kind of a long story...
(Black cut)
Moca: ... So that's what happened.
Ran: There was no reason to get upset about not being like Lisa-san.
Tsugumi: Reliable people like that don't come along every day.
Tomoe: Ain't that the truth? I know I'd be thrown for a loop if Himari up and changed like that.
Moca: You get it now, Hii-chan? Dough doesn't become bread at the snap of a finger. It has to grow first.
Himari: Yeah, I suppose I shouldn't rush things...
Himari: I'll have to keep trying to become the cool senpai I've always admired, but Tomoe helped give me a little boost of confidence.
Himari: She reminded me that even I, as I am now, can be of some use to someone.
Tsugumi: I can't count the number of times I was glad you were around, Himari-chan.
Himari: R-really?
Tsugumi: You're always there to help me out when the student council bogs me down, remember?
Tsugumi: Taking the time to talk to me helps give me the energy to keep going, even when I'm busy.
Himari: You mean it?
Tsugumi: Of course I do~. I don't know what I'd do without you, Himari-chan.
Himari: Tsugu~.
Moca: I have to agree that it is pretty nice having Hii-chan around~.
Himari: M-Moca, you too?!
Moca: When the going gets tough, I can count on Hii-chan to make enough of a fuss that I look level-headed in comparison.
Himari: Hey~! Is that supposed to be a compliment~?!
Ran: ... Well, Himari has always been the one who takes friendship seriously.
Himari: Huh? Have I?
Ran: Did you forget? About what you did back during our elementary school festival?
Himari: You mean the time I dressed up like a rabbit?
Ran: No, it was the year after that, I think... When you and Tomoe played the role of the bad guys.
Himari: Ah, I remember! I actually saw some photos of that the other day~!
Tsugumi: As I recall, she was supposed to play the part of the princess.
Himari: Huh...?
Ran: Uh-huh. No one wanted to play the part of the villain.
Tomoe: We all played rock-paper-scissors to decide, and I ended up losing. It really stressed me out~.
Moca: That's when Hii-chan noticed how you felt and volunteered to play the part along with you~.
Himari: ... Ah! I think it's coming back to me...! That did happen!
Tomoe: That sure was a lot of fun. I actually enjoyed being the big baddie.
Tsugumi: Himari-chan was so cool when she did that.
Ran: And I don't think that part of her has changed at all.
Himari: ...
Tomoe: See, I tried to tell you. Everyone sees you for who you really are.
Himari: Yeah, I guess you're right...
Himari: I never really saw myself in that light...
Himari: All I could think about was becoming like Lisa-senpai, but maybe I should step back and appreciate the fact that I've already found a way to help you guys...
Himari: Ah, but that doesn't mean I'm going to give up on my dream!
Himari: I'll use this new confidence in myself to try even harder!
Ran: Now that sounds like a good idea to me.
Ran: Aiming for the impossible is what keeps us humans motivated.
Himari: Jeez~! There you go again, saying stuff like that!
Tsugumi: Fufu, I, for one, will be cheering you on every step of the way, Himari-chan.
Himari: Hehehe, thanks.
Himari: Don't worry, I'll show you all just how cool of a senpai I can be~!
Moca: Hii-chan is going to do her bit any second now.
Himari: Wait, my bit? Ohhh, what's this? Are you up for doing it with me this time~?
Ran: Do we have to...?
Tomoe: Hahaha, Himari sure does love doing that~.
Himari: Ms. Soi-ya should be the last one to talk! If you really want to cheer me on, then now is the time to go all in~.
Himari: Here we go~! Hey, hey!
Himari, Ran & Tomoe: Hoh~!
Tsugumi: H-Hoh~.
Moca: Hoh~.
Himari: ... You're supposed to do it together!
Tomoe: It's not like we've rehearsed it or whatever, hahaha...
Himari: But still... I'm happy! You actually did it with me~!
Himari: Come on, one more time! And stay in sync! Just one more!
Moca: No can do, Hii-chan. I'm way too hungry to exert myself.
Tsugumi: I could go for something, now that you mention it.
Ran: Should we grab a bite to eat?
Tomoe: Sure, I'd be down for some ramen. I know a good place that's not far from here.
Moca: Oh, nice~. Count me in~. Moca-chan is ready for the jumbo size~.
Himari: W-wait, you guys~! Just one more time~!
