event85-06 Chapter 5: Himari's Strong Points

Himari is feeling down about what happened. What does Tomoe say to her...?

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa)

[Riverside]

Himari: Sigh~.
Tomoe: H-hey, that sigh could be heard miles from here.
Tomoe: There's no need to be so down in the dumps about only getting half of your cheesecake...
Himari: That's not it~. You see, I haven't been helpful at all lately~.
Himari: I made a mess of your room, couldn't think of anything useful to say, and even failed to deliver on getting you a whole slice of cake.
Himari: I said I'd help you with your problem, but all I've been doing is failing spectacularly~.
Tomoe: Now why are you going and blaming yourself? It was an accident, or more like bad luck...
Himari: But if it had been Lisa-senpai, she would have found the perfect way to fix everything!
Tomoe: The perfect way... What do you mean?
Himari: Ohhh, I don't know. If I did, I wouldn't be having this problem.
Himari: Sigh, I should have known that I could never become someone like her...
Himari: Why can't I ever do anything right...? All I wanted was to help everyone...
Tomoe: Himari...
Tomoe: I think you've done more than enough, personally.
Himari: Thanks. You don't need to try and cheer me up, though.
Tomoe: That's not what I'm trying to do.
Tomoe: It's true that Lisa-san probably could have pulled off some kind of miracle.
Tomoe: But Himari, you've helped me more times than I can count. You just don't realize it.
Himari: What are you... Ahhh!!
Tomoe: Wh-what's with all the screaming?!
Himari: O-over there! By that flower pot on the side of the street! Isn't that your earring case?!
Tomoe: Really? Ah, there it is! Finally!
Tomoe: Man, it was here of all places. I didn't see it under all those leaves...
Himari: And the earring? Is it in there?
Tomoe: Yeah, safe and sound. Phew, what a relief~.
Himari: This is wonderful~! You finally found it, Tomoe~!
Tomoe: ... Hold up, what's with the waterworks?
Himari: I'm just so happy for you that the tears started flowing~.
Himari: What a great reunion for you both~.
Tomoe: Hahaha... Thanks. I couldn't have done it without you guys.
Himari: No way, that's not true... I didn't even do anything~...
Tomoe: See, that's what I was talking about.
Himari: ...?
Tomoe: Himari, you're the type who never fails to look after her friends.
Tomoe: I mean, you do have a habit of dropping the ball, and your efforts don't always result in something.
Himari: Ngh, I know I said it too, but hearing it from someone else kind of hurts~.
Tomoe: Hahaha, my bad. But yeah, helping others doesn't necessarily mean you solve their problem.
Tomoe: It means that you stick with them, through thick and thin.
Tomoe: Picking them up when they fall and cheering them on when they succeed.
Tomoe: Having someone like that around is, well... really comforting.
Himari: Tomoe...
Tomoe: You say that you get in everyone's way, but I think you're really helpful.
Tomoe: If it hadn't been for you, I would've been sulking around everywhere looking for this earring.
Tomoe: And it's not only me. Ran, Moca, Tsugu. They all owe you thanks in some way or another.
Tomoe: That's the part of you that I think is way cool.
Himari: T-Tomoe~.
Tomoe: ... There you go, crying again!
Himari: I'm just so happy~! No one has ever said anything like that to me before~!
Tomoe: Well, I've never really had the chance to tell you. It's too embarrassing to say on a whim...
