1816_Soyo Nagasaki_R2 Let's Start a Lifetime

<Recommendation of Aromachology>

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[RiNG Cafeteria]

Taki: Yawn...
Soyo: Taki-chan, did you stay up all night again?
Taki: Mm... That Stray Cat did her own adlib arrangement on the song, so I was trying to find a way to fit it in properly.
Taki: It didn't come together at all, and the next thing I knew it was morning...
Taki: I thought I could sleep at school, but the energy drink I had taken at night made me too wide awake to sleep.
Soyo: ... And here you are now.
Soyo: That's just too unhealthy. And I don't think it's a good idea for you to sleep at school.
Taki: I don't know where else I can get a good sleep.
Soyo: In the first place, I don't think you'll get anything good if you push yourself so hard.
Taki: L- Leave me alone.
Soyo: I'd like you to think a little bit about why you're getting so much flack from me.
Soyo: ... Oh right, why don't you try aromatherapy?
Taki: Aroma...?
Soyo: For example, I've heard that rosemary aroma is supposed to help clear your head.
Soyo: Much healthier than drinking energy drinks, don't you think?
Taki: Hmmm...
Soyo: Lavender has a relaxing effect. It helps you sleep better.
Soyo: Also, peppermint not only helps with drowsiness but also repels insects.
Taki: Insect repelling... isn't a feature I need.
Soyo: Oh, really? Then...
Soyo: I'd recommend chamomile for you, Taki-chan.
Taki: Why?
Soyo: It has a calming effect. It seems to be good for people who get irritated or lose their temper easily.
Taki: Huh?
Soyo: Look, that's exactly how you lose your temper.
Taki: That's what you were setting me up for.
Soyo: And who was the one who went right along with it?
Taki: Sigh... Is aromatherapy really effective in the first place?
Soyo: I'm not trying to force you to use aromatherapy.
Soyo: But... do you really intend to be in this band for the rest of your life, while writing songs in such an unhealthy way?
Taki: ......
Soyo: That's what I'm trying to say.
Taki: Where are they sold?
Soyo: Hmm?
Taki: Where do they sell these things? I'll buy them.
Soyo: You can often find them in knick-knack stores... There's a store near RiNG, I'll tell you about it.
Soyo: We can go there together on our way home if you like. I'd love to show you how to use them.
Taki: ... Well, then let's do that.
Soyo: Yeah, okay. Now you'll be able to keep playing in the band for the rest of your life, right, Taki-chan?
Taki: ... Sigh. I've been planning to do that from the beginning.


<Accumulating Colors, Photos>

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

[RiNG Entrance]

Soyo: Ah, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Soyo: What was I doing? I was just looking at the social media for MyGO!!!!!
Soyo: Anon-chan frequently uploads pictures and other things. Would you like to see them?
Soyo: It's a little embarrassing, but it's already uploaded on social media, so it's okay to look at it.
Soyo: This is Taki-chan sleeping after staying up all night. Lately, when she has a little free time, she dozes off. I think she should get a good night's sleep...
Soyo: This is Rana-chan playing with a cat. Look at the comment that is uploaded with this post.
Soyo: "A snapshot of two stray cats!" ... Hehe. Rana-chan always runs off by herself, so Taki-chan calls her a stray cat.
Soyo: ... It would be easier if she could at least be a domesticated cat.
Soyo: ... Would you like to see other pictures? This is Anon-chan and Tomori-chan when they were at school.
Soyo: I think this is a lunch time photo. Then next is... Ah...
Soyo: This is a picture taken at my home. We gathered at my place to think about song lyrics, and this is a snapshot of that time.
Soyo: We decided to take a picture with the night view in the background. But as you can see, it didn't turn out. We couldn't get a good shot at all. Hehe...
Soyo: But... this picture might be good as it is, because I can clearly remember that time.
Soyo: ... I can understand a little bit why Anon-chan takes a lot of pictures and keeps them.
Soyo: When I was in my former band, I used to update our social media often, such as practice scenes, live announcements, etc. It's not updated anymore, but I still look back at it from time to time.
Soyo: ... I wonder if MyGO!!!!!'s will continue to receive many more updates in the future.
Soyo: Oh, no. It's nothing.
Soyo: ... It's about time for me to make a move. If we need your help again, in a live show or something, I'll be looking forward to your support.
Soyo: Well then, excuse me.
