1936_Soyo Nagasaki_R5 Never-Ending Rain

Gacha phrase: I like more beautiful colors.

<Really Dislike Rain...>

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Rana Kaname, Soyo Nagasaki, Taki Shina)

[Nagasaki Residence - Living Room]

Tomori: ... The rain. It's getting a little quieter...
Taki: Yeah. The rain's calming down. It's about time to go home.
Anon: Eh--? Going home now seems like a pain~
Anon: Hey, Soyorin. Can I stay here overnight?
Soyo: No, you can't.
Anon: Eh~, why not~?
Soyo: No good.
Rana: I'm tired of the rain.
Tomori: It rained for a long time today.
Taki: It would've been the worst going home in that rain, I'm glad it stopped.
Anon: But still~. The view of the rain from Soyorin's house is so cool and stylish!
Soyo: Do you think so?
Anon: The atmosphere by the window is very stylish, like something you'd see in a music video. I wish I'd taken a photo~.
Soyo: My house isn't a studio.
Anon: I don't really like the rain so much, but I kind of like it today.
Soyo: …
Soyo: ... Sigh. You really seem to be enjoying life, Anon-chan.
Anon: Hey, just what are you saying? I mean, wouldn't every day be more fun if you had more weather you liked?
Taki: I'm not interested.
Soyo: I think that way of thinking is very typical of you, Anon-chan.
Anon: That's definitely not a compliment, right?
Tomori: ...
Rana: Tomori, you look happy.
Tomori: Yeah. Because Soyo-chan looks happy.
Soyo: It's not like that.
Soyo: Come on, you guys, get ready to go home for real. Your families are preparing dinner at your homes, aren't they?
Rana: Mm.
Tomori: Oh, yeah... I should call my mom…
Anon: Ah! I've got a good idea before we leave!
Anon: Why don't we shoot the music video for the next new song here!?
Taki: Huh? We don't need a music video.
Tomori: Music video…
Anon: Hey, Tomorin, you want to shoot a music video too, right? You're curious, right?
Tomori: Well, I don't know much... about music videos...?
Taki: You're stressing her out.
Anon: I'd prefer a rainy day, but well... a sunny day would be okay too.
Anon: Here, by the window here, I'll stand right here with my back to you--.
Soyo: Can you stop assuming you're using my house?
Taki: You can hear what Tomori's saying, right?
Taki: ... Anyway, if we don't get out of here, we're going to become a bother. We'll talk about music videos another time.
Rana: Yawn~... Ah.
Soyo: Rana-chan, don't go to sleep. If you don't go home, you won't get dinner.
Rana: Hm. I'm going home.
Tomori: Soyo-chan. Thank you... for today.
Taki: Yeah. You helped us out.
Soyo: Okay, okay. Be careful on your way home.
Anon: So the music video shoot is next~. I'm looking forward to it.
Soyo: Don't just get carried away by yourself.
Soyo: Aaah... I really hate rain. Next time, make sure you all carry a folding umbrella.
Soyo: It just so happened that my house was nearby today, but it's still chilly. It's too late once you catch a cold.
Tomori: Yeah...thank you.
Anon: Soyorin, aren't you being sort of kind today?
Soyo: Not really? No different than usual.
Anon: Is that so--? Well, never mind.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Find Your Favorite>

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

[Downtown]

Soyo: There's not much here... Maybe somewhere else would be better.
Ririko: Hey, Soyo-chan? Hello.
Soyo: Oh, Ririko-san. {{userName}}-san, too.
Soyo: Hello. Are you two shopping?
Ririko: Yeah, we're a little out of RiNG supplies. Are you shopping too, Soyo-chan?
Soyo: Yes. Today I came to buy an umbrella.
Ririko: An umbrella, huh? Come to think of it, it's been raining a lot lately.
Soyo: That's right. The other day, on my way home from a live show, I suddenly got caught in the rain.
Soyo: It happened to be near my house, and we all took shelter from the rain.
Ririko: That was when I couldn't go to the live show because I was busy and asked Taki-chan to take my place, right?
Ririko: We didn't have an umbrella that day either. We were talking about what we would do if it didn't stop by the time we were going home.
Soyo: So that's how it was. Were you two all right?
Ririko: Yes, it had calmed down by the time we left! I was a little nervous though.
Ririko: I guess everyone at MyGO!!!!! didn't get too wet if they were able to take shelter from the rain, right? You're so kind, Soyo-chan!
Soyo: It would be a big problem if they caught a cold.
Ririko: It's a real problem when it rains while you're out and about~.
Soyo: Yes. That's why I... hate rain.
Ririko: Especially if you play a musical instrument. You don't want to get them wet.
Soyo: That's right. And I can't wear white clothes or flared skirts because they might get dirty.
Ririko: And it's hard to take a leather bag, too.
Soyo: Fufu, rainy days sure are full of problems.
Soyo: So I thought if I had an umbrella I liked, I might have even a little fun on a rainy day.
Ririko: I see. That's why you came looking for an umbrella.
Ririko: A cute umbrella and rain boots could certainly make you feel a little better.
Soyo: Yes. You can't avoid the weather just because you don't like it.
Soyo: So I thought, even if I didn't like it, I would try to come up with my own solution.
Ririko: I think your way of thinking is really wonderful. Maybe I'll buy a new umbrella next time.
Soyo: Hmm, that sounds good. If you get a new one, please show it to me.
Ririko: Of course! I hope you'll find a cute umbrella too, Soyo-chan.
Soyo: Yes, thank you very much.
