1992_Soyo Nagasaki_R4 Hopeful birthday！

Gacha phrase: ...Then, why don’t we try starting over from the beginning?

<TAKE1>

Unable to read json file


<Surprise Aptitude>

(Character: Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki)

[Grand Staircase]

Anon: Aww, I really wanted that surprise to work...
Soyo: Still going on about that? You managed to do everything you planned, so that should be enough, right?
Anon: If the person you're surprising already knew, doing what you planned doesn’t count as a success!
Soyo: I mean... was there really any need to make it a surprise in the first place?
Anon: Ugh, you don’t get it at all, Soyo-rin.
Anon: Surprises make everything more exciting.
Soyo: ...You mean for you, right?
Anon: For everyone! Everyone! But maybe it was too hard for Rana-chan to keep it secret...
Soyo: Was it really just Rana-chan’s fault? I’m pretty sure you were a big part of the problem too.
Soyo: Who was it that kept blabbing all the details of the surprise, hmm?
Anon: Ugh—th-that was...
Anon: But like, even if you do notice the surprise, couldn’t you at least pretend you didn’t?
Soyo: Haaah...?
Anon: I mean, it was a birthday surprise, you know?
Anon: It’s not every day someone does something like that for you, right? Would it kill you to play along just a little?
Soyo: ...Listen, Anon-chan.
Soyo: If you'd pulled it off a bit better, I might have pretended not to notice.
Soyo: But with how obvious everything was? Yeah, that wasn’t happening.
Soyo: Besides, I’d rather not be seen as someone who’d fall for something that blatant.
Anon: Yeah... fair enough...
Anon: I dunno, though—feels like none of us are really cut out for being the ones behind a surprise.
Soyo: At the very least, I can say for sure that Tomori-chan and Rana-chan aren’t.
Anon: Ah, but...
Soyo: ...Hmm?
Anon: You’d be so good at surprises, Soyo-rin!
Soyo: Eh, really...?
Soyo: I don’t really think I’m that kind of person...
Anon: No, no—I'm sure of it!
Anon: You’re totally the type! I mean, you lie so naturally!
Anon: Like saying you'd be in a band forever when you didn’t mean it, or smiling all sweet while using people.
Anon: If you can do that, doing a surprise should be easy.
Soyo: ...Are you trying to start a fight?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
