2177_Soyo Nagasaki_R5 A Quiet Moment Before the Show

Gacha phrase: You already checked it properly during practice, right?

<A Sweet Bite, A Calm Heart>

(Character: Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Ako Udagawa, Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki)

[“SPRINGTIME∞ASTROCK” - Food Area]

Soyo: —Hey. You still haven't found the Lollipop Donuts?
Anon: Hmm... I really thought it’d be one of the food trucks around here~.
Soyo: Can't we just get something else? I'm tired.
Anon: Eh~, you’re giving up, Soyorin? They're so cute, all bundled up in tiny round donuts~.
Anon: And it’s the one Aya-chan from Pastel＊Palettes ate and posted about, right? Wouldn’t it be way better if we made sure to get it too?
Soyo: ...That’s so like you, Anon-chan.
Anon: What’s that supposed to mean~? I mean, you said you wanted something sweet, too.
Soyo: All I said was that I felt like eating something sweet.
Himari: Ah. Anon-chan~, Soyo-chan~!
Ako: You two, great job on the live~!
Anon & Soyo: Ah, great job out there~!
Himari: MyGO!!!!!’s set was so good!
Tomoe: You all looked nervous beforehand, but once the show started, I couldn’t even tell.
Ako: Yeah! You got the crowd hyped from the very start~!
Soyo: Thank you. We managed to perform thanks to your support.
Anon: You know, Soyorin~...
Soyo: What is it, Anon-chan?
Anon: No, never mind~.
Himari: Hey hey, did your live go well thanks to the pre-show team huddle!? Did it work!?
Anon: Team huddle...? Ah, ah~! Maybe it did~... ahaha...!
Ako: Hey hey, did you two come here to get snacks?
Anon: We did~. Um... we’ve been looking for these, but can’t find them.
Himari: Lemme see... Oh, the donuts Aya-san was eating.
Ako: I saw a sold-out sign over there a bit ago, right?
Anon: Ehhh~!? They’re sold out~...
Soyo: That’s a shame. We were just saying we wanted to try them.
Tomoe: But there’s still tons of other sweet stuff, right?
Himari: Yeah yeah! We came to get those flavored cheesecakes over there.
Anon: Ah! That truck’s from a shop near RiNG, right? I’ve seen it on social media—been curious about it~.
Himari: Right, right! If you want, you two should come with us!
Soyo: Really? I mean, it’s kinda sudden, wouldn’t we be intruding?
Tomoe: Nah, we invited you, so it’s totally fine.
Ako: Then let’s line up together! Over here, over here!
(Black cut)
Anon: Hmm... That flavor looks good, but so does this one~...
Tomoe: Haha, you sound just like Himari.
Himari: Well, with this many flavors, it’s normal to hesitate right up to the last second!
Ako: Totally~! But our turn’s coming up soon.
Soyo: Exactly, Anon-chan. The person ahead of us is ordering—time to decide.
Anon: I know but—still~...!
Himari: When you just can’t decide, here’s the best trick: buy some for your bandmates too! That way, you can share and try lots of flavors.
Ako: I do that too! When I can’t pick a dessert at a family restaurant, I split it with Rin-rin~.
Soyo: I see~ That sounds so nice... I’m a little jealous.
Anon: (...Even though Soyorin sounds impressed, I bet she wouldn't do that~...)
Anon: (But I really can’t pick just one flavor... Oh—got it!)
Anon: Hey~, Soyorin! Let’s do that too—buy different ones and share~!
Soyo: ...Huh?
Anon: The seniors said that’s what they do, so I was thinking it’d be fun if we tried it too~!
Soyo: Hmm, doesn’t sound like something we’d do~.
Himari: MyGO!!!!! doesn’t do that sort of thing?
Soyo: Exactly. Everyone in our band has totally different tastes.
Ako: Huh? Then you should try it even more! It’s super super super fun!
Ako: Like, when you share everyone’s favorites, your own list of favorites grows too~.
Anon: ...See? C’mon, Soyorin~~.
Food Cart Clerk: Next customer, please~.
Soyo: ...
Anon: I’m torn between pistachio and milk tea flavors. Soyorin, can we go with milk tea for yours?
Soyo: ......... ...Okay, that’s fine.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Anon: Whew~ Thanks to our seniors, we got something great~!
Soyo: Anon-chan... What was that all about?
Anon: Huh? About picking flavors? I just thought it was a good idea and went with it~.
Anon: And you couldn’t say no in front of our seniors, right, Soyorin?
Soyo: You really love doing stuff like that, don’t you, Anon-chan.
Anon: Is it really something to get mad about? I mean, you like milk tea flavor anyway, don’t you?
Soyo: Don’t go deciding things for me again. ...I’m eating now.
Soyo: ............ Mmph.
Anon: Ah! The milk tea one really is good!? Gimme a bite!
Soyo: No way. Eat your own.
Anon: Ehhh~? You promised in front of the seniors!
Soyo: (...To be honest, I was thinking I’d go for the milk tea one...)
Soyo: (But I’m not telling her that.)


<One More World Expands>

(Character: Soyo Nagasaki)

[Main Street]

Ririko: Thanks for helping with the shopping~. You really saved me.
Ririko: Oh, isn’t that Soyo-chan walking this way? Soyo-chan~.
Soyo: Ririko-san, {{userName}}-san. Are those bags from shopping?
Ririko: That’s right. What about you, Soyo-chan?
Soyo: I'm meeting up with a friend for tea, but I thought I’d do a little shopping first.
Ririko: I see. Oh, and great job at Astrock the other day. Thanks for performing!
Soyo: No, thank you. I had a lot of fun being part of the fest.
Ririko: I’m glad to hear that~. Your band seemed really composed for the opening act.
Soyo: Really? Actually, we were all pretty nervous.
Soyo: We don’t have as much experience as the seniors, so we were really fidgety in the waiting room.
Ririko: That makes sense. You were surrounded by veteran bands, so it’s natural to be nervous.
Soyo: But the seniors were so kind to us and really supportive.
Soyo: Maybe that’s why things went well when we got on stage.
Ririko: Oh yeah, Tomori-chan said the tea you gave her helped calm her nerves.
Soyo: Yeah. One of the Afterglow seniors gave us the tea, saying it would help calm our nerves.
Soyo: It smelled nice and warmed us up too. It helped both Tomori-chan and me calm down.
Ririko: Sounds like you ended up liking the Hazawa Coffee tea too?
Soyo: Ah...
Soyo: (But it wasn’t me who liked it first—...)
Soyo: Yes, I’d love to try it again sometime if I get the chance.
Ririko: I see. It’s always nice to find a new favorite!
Ririko: But at this rate, our regulars might get stolen away~. Looks like we’ll have to step up the café at RiNG too!
Soyo: Fufu, not at all... It already tastes great as it is.
Soyo: Whenever we have band practice, I always relax at RiNG’s café.
Ririko: Fufu, that makes me happy to hear~. Maybe it’s extra relaxing because it’s Taki-chan making the drinks.
Soyo: Ah, that might be true.
Ririko: If you’d like, you should tell her that. I bet it’d make her really happy.
Soyo: Yeah~. I’ll try telling her next time.
Ririko: Oh, I didn’t mean to hold you up. Drop by RiNG’s café. again anytime.
Soyo: Yes. See you later.
