band5-037 Chapter 2: The World of Professionals

For some reason, Sayo seems preoccupied with a flyer. Yukina asks her why...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Sorry I have to leave right in the middle of our conversation. I have work...
Sayo: No, we found a few events worth noting. Let's discuss the rest another day.
Ako: Good luck at work, Lisa-nee!
Rinko: See you...
Yukina: ... All right. Shall we end things here for today?
Ako: Yeah! Ah, Rin-rin! Can we make a detour on our way home?
Rinko: Fufu, do you mean to that store in front of the station...? Do you want to go and see... the new NFO goods...?
Ako: I knew you'd get me, Rin-rin! There's one I really wanna look at~!
Rinko: Well then... Yukina-san, Hikawa-san... We are going to go now...
Ako: See ya!
Yukina: Yes, see you.
Yukina: We should get going too once we have finished cleaning up these flyers. I shall further research the events we picked out later.
Sayo: Yes. Be sure to look at this event, and this one, and...
Sayo: ...
Yukina: ...? That is the flyer for that band that had their professional debut, correct?
Sayo: Apologies. We do not need this one...
Yukina: I knew that something was bothering you... What is it?
Sayo: Ah, no, I just remembered that Hina said she was playing at this event too.
Sayo: They had some backing from their agency, and it seems they will be performing in the same newcomer's category as that band.
Yukina: I see, so Pastel＊Palettes are performing too? But I still do not understand why this bothers you.
Sayo: Well, you see... It's the idea that this band will stand on the same stage as Hina...
Yukina: What do you mean?
Sayo: I keep thinking about it. What do I need to stand on the same stage as Hina?
Sayo: As Roselia's guitarist, I am proud of my own sound. However, I cannot help but feel like Hina's sound outshines mine.
Sayo: I feel like my sound is still lacking something. Not something technical, but rather experience...
Yukina: Experience...?
Sayo: What do you think the big difference is between Roselia and Pastel＊Palettes?
Yukina: I think we have a lot of differences. We have different goals, and we think about music in different ways.
Sayo: We do have those kinds of differences, but...
Sayo: I think the biggest difference between us is that they are professionals, while we are still amateurs.
Sayo: Bands that operate within the world of major labels go through experiences that we cannot.
Sayo: As they can participate in events that we, as Roselia, cannot...
Yukina: ... Are you saying that you want to try your luck with a major label?
Sayo: I feel like the answer I seek may perhaps lie there...
Yukina: Sayo...
Sayo: ...! But, never mind. This is just a personal issue...!
Sayo: I do not intend to involve you in this, Minato-san. The future of Roselia is something that the five of us should ascertain together.
Yukina: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: Roselia's future...
Yukina: (The light and shadows of the stage at that festival, a festival that was our greatest desire... Our future is in that light...)
Yukina: (When the path we are supposed to go down reveals itself to us, we will naturally know it...)
Yukina: (Perhaps we also have the option of playing music in the world of major labels.)
Yukina: (I used to think that this world that took my father's light was simply a place to sell music...)
Yukina: (But then I met Mira-san and understood that this was not true. There are people there who enjoy playing music however they like, and people who try to improve their musicianship.)
Yukina: But if we were to go to this world...
Yukina: Why would I go there...?
Yukina: (The world of major labels is a place where many people go to try and achieve great success...)
Yukina: (However, I have no interest in the commercial success and recognition of this world.)
Yukina: (I do not particularly wish for Roselia to be a band that is supported by the masses...)
Yukina: Is there light down this road...?
