band5-048 Chapter 13: The Flower at the Source

Yukina and the others go to the music agency once more. This time, to tell the agency of their decision...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Harumi: Huh? You can't sing "LOUDER"...?
Yukina: I am sorry, but I can no longer sing that song.
Yukina: I prioritized your offer and betrayed my own feelings.
Lisa: And we don't really want you to use the story of Yukina's father like that...
Lisa: Yukina started playing music to make the dreams her father couldn't achieve come true.
Lisa: So now that that dream has come true, she has decided to keep playing music for herself...!
Yukina: Lisa...
Harumi: I see... However, I think it may be difficult to secure you a contract this way...
Harumi: Because my superiors were set on promoting "LOUDER" and Minato-san's backstory...
Sayo: We understand this.
Rinko: If we were to debut under these conditions... I'm sure we would come to regret it...
Ako: We wanna go into this new world in a way that we all agree with...!
Yukina: While we are grateful for the offer, we must withdraw from your event.
Harumi: W-wait! Couldn't you still perform at the event?
Sayo: But how is that of merit to you now...?
Harumi: You may not be able to debut, but I still want them to see you perform.
Harumi: Because your performances are so wonderful. Even if it's only one more person, I want more people to know about you.
Yukina: ...
Harumi: I want you to show them that you'll debut as professionals one day! So, please...!
Yukina: Harumi-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Station Entrance]

Lisa: In the end, we're still performing in their event, but is that even okay...?
Rinko: It is a bit complicated... But I think it is okay...
Rinko: We couldn't meet Harumi-san's expectations... so I'd like it if we could do so through our performance...
Sayo: I am of the same opinion. Let's make this a show that will make Harumi-san proud.
Ako: Yeah! I'm gonna do my best to make this a super cool show!
Yukina: ... I am sorry to have made you all make a detour.
Lisa: It's nothing you need to worry about, Yukina.
Yukina: But I got your hopes up for nothing. And it was all due to my own weakness.
Yukina: Not only could I not find a reason for me to debut, but I also felt uncertain about it.
Rinko: Uncertain...?
Yukina: I knew that entering a new world would mean that something would change. I thought that would perhaps be the fulfilling time we spend on our music.
Yukina: That is why I did not reveal my true feelings to you all. As you saw our future in this new world.
Yukina: Perhaps if I had spoken to you about it, things would not have turned out this way.
Yukina: Perhaps then I would have found something for myself to accomplish under a major label...
Ako: Yukina-san...
(White cut)
Ako: You love singing now, right, Yukina-san?
Yukina: Yes. Ever since that festival, I believe I have become more sincere with my feelings. Even small shows give me a sense of fulfillment.
Ako: Then wouldn't it be super fun to sing your heart out on a huge stage?
Yukina: A huge stage...?
Ako: Yeah! To do the best show ever in front of loads of people!
Ako: You'd like to do something like that too, wouldn't you?
Yukina: Well, yes, but... What is your point?
Ako: Isn't that enough reason to debut as a pro?
Yukina: ... I do not think one can enter a world like this with such a simple goal.
Ako: But I think it's a really pure and straightforward reason!
Ako: If you can sing well, you want people to see it!
Ako: And if they're gonna watch you, it might as well be on a huge stage in front of a big crowd!
Ako: Isn't that the reason most people even make bands anyway?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: If I can sing well...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Sessions are so much fun! Your daddy is good at playing instruments too!
Yukina's Dad: You think so? I could never be better than you two.
Yukina: Someday, I wanna be just as good as daddy, but I'm not sure how to do that.
Yukina's Dad: Yukina, do you like songs?
Yukina: Yes! I love them!
Yukina's Dad: Haha, I see. If that's the case, you'll get better in no time.
Lisa: Well, I love our sessions too! Does that mean I'll get better?
Yukina's Dad: Of course. Don't forget this feeling you have now. And make sure to cherish it.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: ... Yes. I began music in a similar manner.
Yukina: I am not sure if it is okay to make that my goal...
Yukina: But if such a reason is acceptable, then you could say that debuting under a major label would be meaningful for us.
Ako: Yukina-san...!
Sayo: I think a reason like that is fine.
Sayo: Also, you already have the goal of reaching the top.
Rinko: Yes. I am sure that debuting would be... One step on the road to that goal...
Ako: And besides, I don't think change is such a scary thing! If you change and it's not so good, you just gotta change again!
Rinko: Yes. Change does not mean the end. I'm sure of it...
Yukina: ... Perhaps I was overthinking everything.
Lisa: Can you see... a path of blue roses leading to your future now, Yukina?
Yukina: Yes, I believe I can see a light at the end of this tunnel.
(White cut)
