band5-042 Chapter 7: A Price to Pay

Roselia decides to move forward. However, an unexpected proposal is made...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Music Agency - Meeting Room]

Harumi: Hngh, I'm so happy that you are interested!
Lisa: A-ahaha, thank you, Harumi-san.
Yukina: Our intentions are as I told you the other day, but that does not mean we can immediately join the agency, does it?
Harumi: Ah, yes. That's right... But on the day you replied to me, I told my superiors all about how great Roselia is!
Ako: I bet even they were overwhelmed by Harumi-san's enthusiasm...
Rinko: Fufu...
Harumi: It seems like my speech worked, because they've taken an interest in you all... They said that you're a very good band... with skill, worldly songs, and promise!
Harumi: And that they want to make their final decision after they've seen you do a show!
Sayo: A show...?
Harumi: There's an event our agency is hosting coming up soon. Do you think you could perform there?
Yukina: If that is the case, we have no reason to object. We shall participate.
Sayo: Yes, but if it is an agency event, then that means-
Lisa: Will the other performers be professional artists...?
Rinko: I-it's so sudden... We have the chance to stand on the same stage as them...
Ako: It's okay! Let's give 'em our usual show!
Yukina: It is just as Ako said. No matter what stage it may be, we must take pride in who we are and step up to the challenge.
Harumi: I can't wait for your show!
Harumi: ... Ah, by the way, Minato-san. Your father was in a band too, wasn't he?
Yukina: ...? Yes, but why do you ask...?
Harumi: When I was talking about you all with my superiors, I showed them a video of you at Future World Fes., and when they heard "LOUDER," they-
Yukina: Yes. It is not unusual for people to recognize that song.
Yukina: My father sang that song when he was an indie musician.
Lisa: As expected of a music agency... Some of them even know your father.
Yukina: Yes, it is quite surprising...
Harumi: And so, we have a request... Could you play that song at the event?
Yukina: Huh...?
Harumi: To tell you the truth, my superiors really like that song... And if you were to debut with us, they want to make that your debut song.
Lisa & Sayo: ...!
Ako & Rinko: ...!
Harumi: I didn't know until they told me, but apparently your father's band was quite good and had a lot of fans.
Harumi: But they broke up right after they debuted professionally, so lots of people were disappointed...
Harumi: So for his very own daughter to debut in a band with that song... It would be so dramatic!
Harumi: My superiors said that they're sure it would gain a lot of press and reach people who have never even heard of Roselia...!
Yukina: ...
Lisa: And that's why they want us to debut with "LOUDER"...?
Ako: B-but, "LOUDER" is...
Rinko: Y-yeah...
Sayo: Um, Harumi-san... We are very happy to have you supporting us.
Sayo: And that you have been thinking of the best way to promote Roselia as an agency...
Sayo: However, that song is...
Yukina: ... Wait.
Sayo: ...? Minato-san?
Yukina: Harumi-san, we have heard your request, loud and clear.
Yukina: You wish for us to perform "LOUDER" at the event... Is that all?
Sayo: ...?!
Harumi: Yes! My superiors were all for it, so I think that would guarantee you a contract with us!
Lisa: Y-Yukina...?
Yukina: ...
