band5-041 Chapter 6: The Path That Leads to the Top

Yukina and the others share their thoughts about the agency. Faced with the world of professionals, they...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Ako: Ahh~, that was fun~!
Rinko: We discussed... a lot...
Yukina: Yes, the meeting was of much more significance than I had anticipated.
Sayo: And the conditions they laid out for joining their agency were all advantageous for Roselia.
Sayo: With the agency's backing, the range of events we would be able to perform at would increase... That is sure to lead to great experiences.
Lisa: And we'd be able to stand on the same stage as professional musicians, so we'd have a lot to learn.
Ako: And it seemed like they'd listen to whatever we say too!
Lisa: Ahaha, I was worried at the face you made when she brought up costumes, Rinko.
Rinko: W-well... When I realized that I might not be able to make everyone's costumes anymore... I felt quite sad...
Sayo: You are the one who created Roselia's visuals as we know them now, Shirokane-san.
Sayo: Personally, I would like you to continue being in charge of our costumes. If that is not a burden to you...
Rinko: Th-that won't be a problem... I really enjoy... making our costumes...
Ako: Don't worry, Sayo-san! When we join the agency, the pros will help Rin-rin out with that!
Rinko: Ngh, if that really happens, I'm not sure what I'll do...
Lisa: Ahaha, you're the student council president, so surely you're used to leading people.
Lisa: Anyway, I thought it was quite a good agency, but... What did you think, Yukina?
Yukina: What did I think...?
Sayo: You were the one who suggested we hear them out in the first place, Minato-san.
Yukina: ... That is true. If we join this agency, I think it would clear up some of my concerns.
Rinko: Concerns...?
Yukina: Roselia is a band that the five of us formed.
Yukina: So I was worried about what would happen if we involved other people in it too...
Yukina: I had thought there may be a possibility that we would not be able to operate as we had before...
Yukina: But with someone like Harumi-san who believes in our music, I think we should be fine.
Ako: She was really intense!
Rinko: When she talked... about our music... I could tell she really liked it...
Lisa: Yeah, she seems like a good person. Although it does seem like she gets a little carried away.
Sayo: Fufu, that is how I felt when we first met her. But I think she is someone we can trust.
Yukina: Yes. And she even listened to us when we talked about going to the top.
Lisa: Yeah, when we talked about that to people from other agencies, they didn't really get it, did they?
Sayo: Whoever we work with, I think it is important that we share the same goals.
Ako: In that case, Harumi-san is just the person for us!
Yukina: ...
Yukina: (I am still not convinced if we should go down the path of a major label...)
Yukina: (But going down this road does have its advantages.)
Yukina: (And the others have found their own goals that they wish to work toward down this path. In that case...)
Yukina: Perhaps this path is one that Roselia should go down.
Lisa: This path? Yukina, do you mean-
Sayo: Are you suggesting we go down the path of joining a major label?
Yukina: Yes. I can see that the world of professional musicians, which we have only dreamed of until now, has become a reality.
Yukina: It is a world of people who are passionate about music, who have honed their skills to expand their own horizons...
Yukina: Diving into this world must surely be on our path to the top.
Lisa: Yukina...
Ako & Rinko: ...
Lisa & Sayo: ...
Lisa: If Yukina thinks this is the way, we have no reason to doubt it.
Sayo: Yes, let's move on to the next stage as we aim for the top.
