band5-044 Chapter 9: Reflections In the Night

Sayo is concerned about Yukina's uncharacteristic behavior and is not sure if she should respect Yukina's decision...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: (It is not like Minato-san... To yield like this...)
Sayo: (She always prioritizes her beliefs, no matter what. So why...?)
Sayo: (No, I am worrying too much. She made her decision for the future of Roselia.)
Sayo: (For Minato-san, that is how meaningful her decision was...)
Sayo: (In that case, we should respect her decision...)
Hina: Knock, knock! You in there, Sis?
Sayo: ... I am. And you have opened the door already.
Hina: Oops. I knocked and opened it straight away again... Sorry, I just can't seem to shake this habit~.
Sayo: No, it is fine. So what did you want?
Hina: I've got a gift for you~.
Sayo: A gift?
Hina: Ta-daa! Here, it's a ticket to the event I told you about that Pastel＊Palettes is gonna be in.
Hina: I got some tickets from the agency today, so I thought I'd give you one.
Sayo: I see. Thanks...
Hina: That reminds me, I heard about it from Chisato-chan, but apparently, this girl band that just had their pro debut is gonna be there too.
Hina: I heard they're around the same age as us~...
Sayo: I know. It seems like Udagawa-san is also interested in that band.
Hina: Ah, so you already knew? Of course you did.
Sayo: It is awfully rare for you to show interest in another band.
Sayo: You never tell me about the bands you are going to appear alongside.
Hina: Hmm, now that you mention it, you might be right. But I'm not particularly interested in them or anything.
Sayo: You're not?
Hina: I was just thinking that, if Roselia debuted, we'd be able to appear in events together.
Sayo: ...
Hina: You said you were getting loads of offers from music agencies, right?
Sayo: Y-yes. Well...
Hina: I think it would be so boppin' if we could play on a big stage together♪
Hina: I wish that day would come already~.
Hina: Ah, that's right! Mom said dinner is almost ready, so come soon!
Sayo: Okay, I will be there shortly.
Sayo: (... Standing on the same stage as Hina in the world of professional musicians.)
Sayo: (Perhaps that could happen in the future. I must ensure I can stand tall next to her when the moment comes...)
Sayo: (Surely today's decision will lead to a bright future...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Lisa: ... I was so surprised. I never thought you would say something like that, Yukina.
Yukina: Was it really that surprising?
Yukina: Anything that is necessary for Roselia is not something I would hesitate to do.
Yukina: I believe that is how it has been up until now.
Lisa: I-I guess... it has. Ahaha...
Yukina: Are you worried about something?
Lisa: N-no, not really, but...
Yukina: Just as we concluded when we discussed it with everyone, we have a great deal to gain from moving into the professional music world.
Yukina: And it is also a place worth going to for you personally, is it not? You will likely be able to see what lies beyond the scene you saw at that festival.
Lisa: Y-yeah. You're right...
Yukina: Now, let's go home before it gets late.
Lisa: ...
(White cut)
Lisa: Um, Yukina...!
Yukina: What?
Lisa: You have a proper reason for signing to a major label too, right?
Lisa: And that's why you're okay... with the condition they set, right?
Yukina: ... Of course.
Lisa: Right. Just thought I'd check...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: ...
(Black cut)
