band5-050 Chapter 15: Future In the Light

Roselia proudly stands on stage. The path they walk leads into the light...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Event Hall]

Yukina: ... We are Roselia. It is a great honor to be standing on this stage today.
Yukina: Please enjoy... this song that we are very proud of. This is "Sprechchor"...!
(White cut)
Ako: (Wow...! The atmosphere is so hot! And we're the ones making it that way! How's that, everybody? This is the power of Roselia!)
Ako: (I don't know what's gonna happen in the future, but... I believe in us!)
Ako: (I bet Roselia's future will be full of exciting adventures!)
(White cut)
Rinko: (I have many worries... about the future... And it is quite scary... to enter a new world...)
Rinko: (But I'm sure... it's what I want... I want to get better... at performing... Then I feel like I would be able to become stronger...)
Rinko: (When I think of that... my worries disappear... Because when I am surrounded by music... I am connected to the world... and feel stronger...)
(White cut)
Lisa: (From up on this stage... I can see all of the audience, no matter how far away they are. I think I like this after all. The view from up here.)
Lisa: (I've come to feel this way thanks to everyone who helped me go from Yukina's busybody childhood friend to the bassist of Roselia.)
Lisa: (I want to look out at this view as many times as I can. Forever and ever, together with Roselia...!)
(White cut)
Sayo: (Whenever I overcome something, I can feel my sound resonating stronger. Whenever I achieve something concrete, I can take pride in knowing that it is my sound.)
Sayo: (It is somewhat of a detour on my way to standing next to a certain someone as equals, but I am sure it is a meaningful detour...)
Sayo: (One that leads to an ideal place where my sound is solid...!)
(White cut)
Yukina: (Right now, I am singing under the bright lights of a big stage... Despite the gaze and cheers of the audience, I am simply immersed in my song...)
Yukina: (I had believed that clear goals would lead Roselia to greater heights. However, to simply pursue music...)
Yukina: (Right now, it may be best to just sing with this feeling in mind. I'm sure that this pure thought can also lead to the top...)
(White cut)
Harumi: W-wow, Roselia...! I definitely want you guys to debut!
Harumi's Superior: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Dressing Room]

Lisa: Ahh, our show is over...
Ako: Ngh, I'm exhausted~. I went too hard and used up all my dark power for today...
Rinko: Me too... But at least we won't have any regrets about our performance...
Sayo: I think we did all that we could.
Yukina: Yes, that was a satisfactory performance. We were able to properly face our current feelings.
Lisa: Yeah, we were. I also-
Harumi: Roseliaaa~!
Lisa: Hm...?
Ako: Huh? Oh? Harumi-san, right?
Sayo: What is the matter?
Harumi: My superior said they really wanted to personally tell you what they thought of your performance...
Yukina & Lisa: Huh...?
Harumi's Superior: Nice to meet you. That was a good show.
Lisa: U-um. We're sorry about everything after you gave us such generous conditions-
Harumi's Superior: It's nothing you need apologize for. It's not uncommon for people to have trouble agreeing on the terms.
Harumi's Superior: I'm guessing it means that "LOUDER" is a very important song to you all, right?
Yukina: That song is proof of my father's unachieved dream.
Yukina: And now that we have made his dream come true, we do not wish to trace in its footsteps, but rather would like to follow our own path.
Yukina: So we will no longer sing that song. No, we no longer can sing that song.
Sayo: It may seem like a small thing from an outside perspective. It may not seem worth throwing away such a big chance.
Sayo: However, our pride is built up of small things like this, and it supports us.
Lisa: We can't deny this pride. If we did, then we wouldn't be ourselves anymore.
Harumi's Superior: You are all very pure and straightforward... Just like Minato-san's father was during his indies era.
Yukina: ... Do you know my father?
Harumi's Superior: Yes, I have been in this industry for a while, you see.
Harumi's Superior: We've gone off track, but... that was a wonderful performance. It was very polished and, more than anything, I could feel your intentions behind it.
Harumi's Superior: I could feel your intention to just play and move toward your future... It was spectacular.
Yukina: If we were able to convey that much... then I believe today's show was somewhat meaningful.
Harumi's Superior: If you are still interested, could we talk about you joining our agency once more?
All: Huh...?!
Ako: I thought that deal was over...?
Harumi's Superior: I had always thought that a band needed to have a clear concept in order to succeed. And that things would only go smoothly if they accepted all of our conditions.
Harumi's Superior: However, you girls already have something that appeals to a lot of people. The persuasiveness and passion of Roselia's songs and performances... They are clear strengths of yours.
Harumi's Superior: Your performance exceeded my expectations. Your brilliance outshined any plan I had in mind for you.
Harumi: Does that mean I get to work together with Roselia...?!
Rinko: U-um... This is so sudden... What should we do...?
Ako: Y-yeah. I'm so surprised...!
Sayo: Surely we don't need to think about it.
Lisa: We've already decided the road we're going down, haven't we, Yukina?
(White cut)
Yukina: Yes, so let's go down it. Toward the shining future of Roselia...!
(White cut)
