band5-039 Chapter 4: This Is My Business Card

As Roselia is about to go home after finishing their show, they hear a voice...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[After The Show]

[Live House]

Lisa: Good job, everyone~☆ Ahh~, that was a good show!
Sayo: I was nervous since we have not participated in that event before, but I am glad that we all did our very best.
Yukina: Being more thorough than usual during set-up was the correct decision. I think the outcome was better than I had expected.
Ako: Yeah! I think so too!
Ako: Today's show was like... It was like a brilliant festival of darkness...!
Ako: It was the ultimate stage of darkness. Orchestrated by five people awakened with the powers of the ancients...!
Yukina: Let's greet everyone before we leave.
Ako: Hey, lemme finish what I was saying! Just when I felt like I was gonna get to the end without stumbling~!
Rinko: A-Ako-chan, you can do it...!
Young Woman: ... You girls are Roselia, correct? Good job out there.
Ako: ...? Was she in the audience?
Rinko: It seems so...
Lisa: Thank you♪ Did you enjoy the show?
Young Woman: Of course! Your last song, "Song I am.," was seriously brilliant!
Young Woman: You had more intensity than usual, and I felt like I was going to cry... Ahh~, I love that song!
Sayo: I-I see. Thank you...
Rinko: Sh-she is very emotional... I guess she must be a fan...?
Lisa: I haven't really seen her before, so I have a feeling she's not.
Ako: I'm glad you had fun~! We haven't decided when our next show will be, but you should come!
Young Woman: Yes, I will definitely go! Wah, I can't wait for your next show~... Wait, no!
Sayo: What?
Young Woman: Um! This is my business card!
Yukina: Business card...?
Lisa: So your name is Harumi-san? Wait, this company... Isn't this a music agency?
Sayo: And a famous one too. Many big bands have debuted under them.
Harumi: That's right. I may look like this, but I am a manager at this agency.
Yukina: And what does a manager from a music agency want with us?
Harumi: Right! I would very much like to work with you all! Are you interested in joining our agency?
Lisa & Rinko: ...!
Harumi: To tell you the truth, I first learned about you at Future World Fes. Your performance there was truly incredible!
Harumi: Your sound was so mature and worldly, I couldn't believe you were high school students... I became a fan instantly!
Sayo: O-ohh...? So you wish to scout us...?
Harumi: Ah, well, not so much scout. First, I'd like to check how willing you all are...
Yukina: What?
Harumi: I don't have a lot of authority, but... If you are positive that you want to join us, I will appeal to my superiors as best I can...
Sayo: In other words, this is not an official offer...
Lisa: I guess even agency people can get carried away sometimes...
Ako: This is the biggest agency that's ever come talk to us, but it might also be the most casual...
Rinko: I guess these things do happen...
Harumi: S-so what do you think?! How do you feel about debuting under our agency?
Yukina: ...
Lisa: Ah, umm, we aren't really thinking about joining an agency just yet...
Sayo: Yes, we are still deciding on our direction as a band from here on-
Yukina: Wait.
Sayo: ...? Minato-san?
Yukina: Harumi-san, could you tell us a little more about your offer?
Ako & Rinko: Huh...?!
Harumi: Of course! But I'm sure you're all tired today, so let's do this another day.
Harumi: Ah, right. If we're going to talk more about this, I should get you to come to the agency. I'll contact you soon about the date.
Yukina: Okay, please do.
Lisa & Sayo: ...
