band5-040 Chapter 5: Harumi-san

Roselia goes to a music agency. Harumi welcomes them and shows considerable enthusiasm...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency]

Ako: Whoa~! This is awesome! So this is what music agencies are like?!
Rinko: I know it's a famous agency, but... this building is so big...
Yukina: Thank you for meeting with us today, Harumi-san.
Harumi: No! Thank you for coming! This way, everyone!
Lisa: ... This feels kind of strange. I never thought we'd end up coming to the agency to discuss this.
Sayo: Yes, I was surprised when Minato-san said she wanted to hear more about her offer.
Yukina: I said that without much thought back then... But I explained my reasoning to you afterward, did I not?
Yukina: We do not yet have enough resources to make our next decision. That is why I have not accepted any agency offers before...
Yukina: However, I thought it may be better to hear them out. It's not like you all have no interest in major labels.
Lisa & Sayo: ...
Lisa: Well, I guess...
Sayo: Our way of thinking has changed since we decided on our stance towards agencies...
Yukina: In that case, I think today will be a good opportunity.
Ako: Ah, look, look! Look at that wall! It's covered in posters!
Rinko: It looks like posters of the artists who belong to this agency... They are all quite well-known...
Sayo: They also have posters advertising large festivals. I assume their artists perform at those too.
Ako: I know this festival...! Out of all the summer festivals, it's super-duper famous!
Ako: That's so cool~! I wanna play at this festival! It looks like so much fun!
Lisa: I get how you feel, but I'm pretty sure this festival doesn't do general auditions.
Ako: Huh, really...? But I wonder if we can play in festivals like these if we join this agency.
Harumi: Of course, we would back you! It is our job, after all, to ensure that all of our artists shine on the best of stages!
Ako: So we can play at this festival?
Harumi: Umm, that one is quite difficult, but... I will do what I can!
Lisa: Ahaha, you're very passionate, Harumi-san.
Sayo: Yes, but if we were able to perform there... it would undoubtedly be a unique experience.
Yukina: ...? What's over there?
Rinko: That... Ah, those are probably costumes... They must belong to the artists here...
(White cut)
Ako: Wow, this is amazing! It's my first time seeing professional costumes up close!
Rinko: Yes, mine too... They're very beautiful... I can tell how much care was put into making them...
Yukina: I think you put a lot of care into your costumes too, Rinko.
Rinko: W-well, yes, but... they are not the same as those made by professionals...
Rinko: I would never be able to come up with this design... And the skill required... I cannot make something like this...
Lisa: Huh, I knew you'd look at all the fine details, Rinko.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Harumi: Our agency prides itself in its costumes too. If you decide to join us, we will provide the best costumes for you.
Rinko: I-is that so...? So you would make our costumes for us too...
Harumi: ...? Is something wrong?
Ako: Ah, Rin-rin makes all of Roselia's costumes, so...
Rinko: Y-yes. I am currently in charge of making Roselia's costumes...
Rinko: But if we were to join, then I think it would be better for... a professional to make them...
Harumi: ... I see. Then even if you join us, let's leave the costumes to you, Shirokane-san.
Rinko: Huh...?
Harumi: Costumes are a very important part of a band! I think your gorgeous costumes are a part of Roselia!
Harumi: But let's have some pros lend a hand so you don't get too overworked.
Rinko: What? Professionals helping me...?!
Sayo: Do you mean... Shirokane-san would be the leader of our wardrobe team?
Rinko: I-I-I can't...! I can't possibly ask such a thing...!
Lisa: Ahaha, don't you think it'll be a good experience?
Sayo: You know, I thought music agencies would be much more uptight...
Yukina: It seems they are more flexible than I had thought.
Harumi: Of course! Belonging to an agency has to be a plus for the artist too!
Yukina: ...
Harumi: Ah, that reminds me, but what is Roselia's goal as a band?
Yukina: Our goal...?
Harumi: Yes. We would like to help you reach that goal, so I'd love to know what it is!
Ako: Our goal is still the same, right...?
Yukina: Yes, the top of music... Roselia aims to stand at the top.
Harumi: At the... top?
Yukina: It may seem like a vague goal to a professional in the music industry such as yourself...
Harumi: Not at all! I think it's a great goal!
Yukina: ...!
Harumi: Roselia at the top... What a rousing goal! If you join our agency, I promise to support you to the best of my abilities!
Harumi: Now, please come this way! We will talk more in the meeting room down there.
Yukina: S-sure...
