band5-036 Chapter 1: Together With Music

Roselia's band activities are going smoothly. They discuss plans for their next concert...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Lisa: ... Yeah. That sounded pretty good just now, don't you think?
Sayo: Yes, I think we will be able to use this arrangement for our next show. Minato-san, was there any part that bothered you?
Yukina: I think this song is fine as is. Let's take a break before we move on to the next song.
Rinko: The... next song...?
Yukina: Is something the matter?
Ako: Umm, Yukina-san. That was the last song we were gonna practice today.
Yukina: ... And yet, we still have one hour left of our studio time. We finished more quickly than I anticipated.
Lisa: Ahaha, that's because today went more smoothly than usual.
Rinko: I think it was thanks to you, Hikawa-san... Since you carefully explained the direction of our performance...
Ako: Yeah, yeah! Your explanation was so easy to understand, Sayo-san!
Sayo: In that case, perhaps it is Kirigaya-san that you should be thanking.
Yukina: You mentioned that you occasionally give her guitar lessons, but does that have some connection with this?
Sayo: I feel like I have become better at explaining things ever since I began teaching her.
Sayo: There are many things she does not understand when I explain them how I normally would, so I have taken to explaining things as carefully as I can.
Lisa: You seemed a bit lost at first, but I'm glad it's all paid off.
Sayo: Yes. I believe that, through explaining myself, I have come to understand a great deal about my views on music and musical expression.
Sayo: However, I think today's practice was successful thanks to you, Imai-san.
Lisa: Huh? Me?
Yukina: Yes, because you shared many of your opinions on the arrangement.
Lisa: I think you're exaggerating a little... But I guess I am Roselia's bassist and all.
Lisa: And as our bassist, I felt like I had to share my thoughts on certain parts.
Ako: You share way more of your thoughts and ideas than you used to, Lisa-nee. It really helps us out!
Rinko: I think you have changed, Imai-san... ever since you began writing lyrics...
Lisa: A-ahaha, I think so too, but it's kind of embarrassing to be told that to my face.
Lisa: I mean, if you put it that way, I feel like you and Ako have changed too, Rinko.
Rinko: W-we have...?
Yukina: Yes, the way you both interpret music and focus during performances has improved.
Rinko: I think... that is due to... Mira-san's influence.
Ako: Mira-san sure did teach us a lot!
Ako: And she made me realize that I can't give a super awesome performance if I don't feel more from our songs!
Rinko: Yes... A performance so passionate it... makes your chest burn...
Rinko: I'm always talking to Ako-chan about... how I'd like to perform like that again...
Yukina: Ever since Future World Fes... it feels like we have all been thinking about our music more deeply.
Lisa: Including you, right? Yukina?
Lisa: Ever since that festival, I can tell you've been enjoying yourself more when you sing.
Yukina: ... Yes, that is so.
Yukina: When our individual sounds overlap and melt together... it is as if we are gradually honing our sound...
Yukina: I feel like I have been able to immerse myself enough in our music to feel this sensation.
Ako: Ah, I know! After practice is over, why don't we ask about doing a show?
Sayo: Now that you mention it, we have yet to decide our schedule for after our next show.
Ako: I got lots of flyers from the live house! There's gotta be an event here that's perfect for Roselia!
Lisa: Oh, good thinking, Ako~!
Rinko: There are all kinds of events happening... Some of these flyers are even promoting other bands...
Yukina: ...? This band-
Ako: That one's for that band that made their professional debut recently! I'm kinda interested, so I grabbed their flyer!
Lisa: Huh, they debuted? Judging from the picture on the flyer, they look about our age.
Rinko: I wonder what kind of band they are...
Ako: Hmm, who knows? I haven't seen them play either, so I'm kinda curious.
Yukina: ... I believe you have seen this band perform before.
Ako & Rinko: Huh...?
Sayo: ...? Did we perform at some event with them...?
Yukina: No. Perhaps you have forgotten. They appeared in the contest at the Future World Fes.
Yukina: They were entry number ten. The band that won the Judges' Award.
Lisa & Sayo: ...
Ako: W-wow, Yukina-san. I can't believe you remember them...!
Rinko: I was so nervous back then... I couldn't even listen to the other bands...
Lisa: R-right? Same here. You're amazing as always, Yukina...
Ako: But still, this band sure is impressive. They've only just debuted and they're already playing at big events like this.
Lisa: You're right. It's even written here. I guess even newcomers can play at big events once they go pro.
Rinko: Maybe the fact that they've signed to a music agency... also has something to do with it...
Yukina: It could do. This event does not appear to hold general auditions.
Sayo: ...
Yukina: Sayo? Is there something bothering you?
Sayo: Ah, no, that is not it...
Sayo: Instead of talking about this band, we should spend the next hour planning our future schedule.
Sayo: For if we do not have a goal, the precision of our practices will not increase.
Lisa: Ahaha, that's true. Umm, ah, how about this event?
Ako: Which one? Lemme see!
Sayo: ...
Yukina: ...?
