band5-049 Chapter 14: Without Looking Back

It is the day of the agency's show. As Roselia's time to perform draws near, what goes through their minds?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Day Of The Show]

[Event Hall]

Ako: Whoa~! The stage is way bigger than I thought it would be!
Lisa: As expected of an agency-sponsored event... Professional artists will be performing, so I suppose it's only natural.
Sayo: About our rehearsal time, it's in one hour-
Rinko: Sigh...
Sayo: ...? Shirokane-san? What is the matter?
Ako: Ah, when me and Rin-rin were in the dressing room earlier, one of the other artists came to say hello...
Lisa: One of the other artists... Huh? Do you mean one of the artists belonging to the agency?!
Ako: Yeah, some people who play at lots of big festivals came in, and Rin-rin got really nervous and shy...
Rinko: I'm sorry... I couldn't greet them properly...
Ako: I-it's okay! You froze up and couldn’t speak to them, but...
Ako: You didn't say anything weird, so I'm sure you didn't give them a bad impression!
Sayo: Is that... supposed to make her feel better?
Lisa: A-ahaha...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ...? Yukina? What are you staring at?
Yukina: ... The stage we are going to stand on today.
Ako: It's huge! I can't wait to get up there!
Yukina: Yes. I wonder if debuting as professional artists would mean we perform on stages like this more often.
Yukina: That... does not sound so bad.
Ako: Yukina-san... If that's how you feel, then I'm glad that I said what I did!
Yukina: Yes. Thanks to you, my mindset has changed.
Yukina: Just as I thought, you always lead those who are lost.
Ako: Huh...?
Rinko: Yukina-san is... referring to what she said before, Ako-chan...
Rinko: How she wants you and I to lead her... if she loses her way...
Ako: Ah, you mean what she said before the audition...!
Ako: I wasn't really doing it on purpose though...
Yukina: Even so, you always show us things in a different light. That is why I asked this of you.
Rinko: Yes... Ako-chan is always straightforward...
Rinko: And you also... have the "dark walker" skill... Right...?
Ako: Yeah...! I'm happy if I've been of some help to you, Yukina-san!
Yukina: Yes, you have. Thanks to you, we were also able to prepare a new song.
Lisa: I was pretty surprised when you suggested we do a new song, though.
Sayo: We did have a lot of time before the event, but I never thought you would write a new song.
Rinko: It's supposed to replace "LOUDER"... isn't it...?
Yukina: Yes. There was the option of performing "Song I am." as a successor to "LOUDER," but...
Yukina: I decided that, if we were going to perform on this stage, then I wanted to put my current feelings into a song.
Yukina: In a place where the past was sought after, I wish to show us heading toward our future...
Yukina: Going forward without looking back...!
Sayo: Yes. I think it is a suitable song for the occasion.
Lisa: Yeah, it's like we're declaring our determination... Right?
Rinko: Let's do our best... for today's performance... so we have no regrets...!
Ako: Yeah! After all, we've decided to aim for the next stage! It's a new start for Roselia!
Yukina: Yes, let's take pride in this and stand on that stage...!
