band5-038 Chapter 3: Thinking of the Future

Yukina asks everyone what they think would happen if they become a professional band...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[A Few Days Later]

[Riverside]

Ako: Yukina-san, Lisa-nee, hurry, hurry!
Lisa: You sure are energetic, Ako~.
Ako: Well I wanna practice already! Our show is tomorrow, so for today's rehearsal...
Ako: I'm going to show you... something perfect that I sealed away with my dark powers... Uhh... Just wait and see!
Lisa: Ahaha, I guess that means you're psyched. I better do my best too then.
Lisa: Right, Yukina?
Yukina: ... What were you talking about?
Lisa: Oh, just that we're going to practice hard today.
Lisa: Don't you think you've been zoning out a lot lately?
Yukina: No I have not. Just now, I was only... thinking about our show tomorrow.
Lisa: Really? If you say so...
Ako: Ah, it's Rin-rin! Oiii, over here, over here!
Rinko: Ah, everybody... Hello...
Lisa: Huh? Where's Sayo?
Rinko: It seems like her disciplinary committee duties are dragging on... She said she may be a little late...
Lisa: The disciplinary committee sure is busy. Okay, let's go on ahead to CiRCLE then.
(Black cut)
Ako: Fufufuuun~♪ ... Ah, that's right!
Ako: I was gonna invite you all, but do you guys wanna go to that band's event?
Rinko: That band...? You mean the one that debuted under a major label...?
Ako: Yeah, yeah! I searched it up and it looks like Pastel＊Palettes is gonna be in it too!
Ako: And apparently, some other famous bands and musicians will also be there!
Lisa: Huh, now that I think about it, I haven't been to a concert in a while, so this might be good.
Rinko: A concert full of people signed to major labels... It might give us some motivation...
Yukina: ... Major labels.
Yukina: I have something I would like to ask all of you, is that alright?
Ako: ...? What is it?
Yukina: If Roselia were to go to the world of major labels... what would you all think?
Lisa: Huh? Is this just a "what-if" kind of thing?
Ako: Hmm, the major leagues, huh...?
Ako: I don't really know what kinda place that is, but... I think it wouldn't be so bad.
Ako: We'd be able to get attention from loads more people, so I'd probably be able to make all sorts of people see how cool we are!
Rinko: Do you mean... you want to become famous...?
Ako: Yeah. Well, not just me... I'd be happy if Roselia became famous!
Ako: I mean, we are such a cool band. It'd be a waste if we didn't become famous!
Lisa: Ohh, that's some ambition, Ako.
Ako: Ehehe, I just wanna be cool like my sis.
Rinko: Cool...? Are you talking about Afterglow's declaration of war...?
Lisa: That was quite the hot topic among the girl bands, wasn't it? They've been getting a lot of attention as a "cool" band.
Lisa: How very Afterglow. Or how very Tomoe, at least... They are cool though.
Ako: Yeah! That's why I don't wanna lose to them! We've gotta show the world how cool Roselia is!
Yukina: ... I see. What do you think, Rinko?
Rinko: I-I... Honestly, I can't really imagine it...
Rinko: Right now, I am just enjoying being in a band... Being in Roselia with everyone...
Lisa: Well, we weren't exactly aiming to be famous in the first place, anyway.
Rinko: But if... If there is a chance for us to enter the world of professional musicians...
Rinko: Then we might be able to play even better... Is what I think sometimes...
Ako: Rin-rin, you're already really good, you know?
Rinko: Th-thank you... But when we had that session with Mira-san... She was amazing.
Rinko: I felt like I was being swallowed by her sound... I guess that's how professional musicians play...
Lisa: Her performance that time was impressive... but I didn't realize you felt that way playing alongside her...
Rinko: Yes. I could feel the strength of every note... But they would wrap around the other sounds so gently...
Rinko: It was a performance that made me wish... I could play like that...
Yukina: ...
Ako: Hey, hey, what do you think, Lisa-nee?
Lisa: What do I think? I guess if you ask me whether I want to go to the big leagues or not, I would say yes.
Lisa: I kind of wanna see what the world looks like from up there...
Ako: What the world looks like?
Lisa: That festival... Future World Fes. That was amazing.
Lisa: The stage we stood on was one of the smaller ones at the event, but...
Lisa: Even so, being under that spotlight, feeling the passion of the venue... It was so much fun.
Lisa: So I think I'd like to find out what you can see from even bigger stages than that. With my very own eyes.
Yukina: ...
Lisa: ...? Yukina? What's wrong?
Yukina: It is not very often that you say what you want to do like that, Lisa...
Lisa: A-ahaha, well I guess I don't really do that, do I?
Lisa: Maybe it's because I see myself even more as a part of this band now. Sometimes I even imagine the future of our band.
Yukina: I see...
Lisa: But what's with the sudden question?
Ako: Don't tell me...! Did we get scouted by an agency again?
Rinko: We haven't had many offers like that lately, have we...?
Yukina: No, that is not it. I just wanted to ask all of your opinions once again.
Yukina: We have previously discussed what path we think Roselia should proceed down...
Yukina: But we have never really talked in-depth about major labels.
Lisa: No, I guess we haven't...
Yukina: I can see CiRCLE. We must properly prepare for tomorrow's show.
Ako & Rinko: ...?
