band5-043 Chapter 8: What Must Be Done

Everyone is shocked by Yukina's unexpected words. What does she see lying ahead...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Walking Home]

Lisa: W-wait, Yukina! Are you really okay with that?
Sayo: Of course she's not! Why didn't you explain it to her?
Sayo: How that song... "LOUDER"... has already served its purpose for Roselia...
Yukina: ...
Rinko: I-Imai-san, Hikawa-san... Please calm down...
Ako: Y-yeah!
Sayo: I am calm. I just don't understand it.
Sayo: I thought that the fact we stopped playing that song was a sign of your determination...
Sayo: It was your suggestion in the first place, Minato-san. And you treasured that song more than any of us.
Lisa: To stop playing "LOUDER" so we could go even further than that festival... You're the one who suggested that, Yukina!
Lisa: And then to be told that we should debut with that song...? Aren't you the one who should be the most against it, Yukina?
Yukina: ... I too am reluctant to reverse the decision I made back then.
Yukina: But all it means is that that song has become necessary to us once again.
Yukina: Although a song we left behind to move forward becoming a song we need to move forward is rather ironic.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: And it is not like Harumi-san and her superiors said it with ill intent.
Yukina: It just so happens that their professional opinion on our best move is this.
Sayo: Still... They even brought up your father...
Sayo: Sure, I agree that a daughter debuting with her father's song is... quite the story.
Sayo: And I understand that, as an agency, they have no reason not to use this.
Sayo: But that is not the way you wish for this to go, is it?
Yukina: ...
Rinko: You said that you wanted to surpass the path your father went down... and get even further on your own, right, Yukina-san...?
Ako: But at this rate, you'll just be in his-
Yukina: ... If that is what is necessary, I do not mind.
Sayo: It's not like you...
Sayo: To think that you, who takes more pride in being a member of Roselia than any of us, would yield like this...
Yukina: My determination and pride... Or the future of Roselia...
Yukina: Must I put them on a scale to see which is more important?
Yukina: If we fear change, we cannot move forward. I decided this because I realized the path to our future is not a smooth one.
Yukina: Moving up into the world of professional musicians would be a great experience for us. A great experience that is necessary to reach the top...
Yukina: Considering that, it is not much of a price to pay.
Ako: B-but...
Yukina: I have made my decision. So you need not bother worrying about it.
Yukina: I am convinced that I know what I should choose, and I will not regret this choice...
Ako & Rinko: ...
Lisa: If you really are okay with this, Yukina, then I won't say anything more...
Sayo: Can we truly trust in your decision...?
Yukina: Yes. It is a small sacrifice to make when you consider what lies ahead.
Yukina: Right now, we should be focusing on the road lying ahead of us.
Lisa & Sayo: ...
