band5-047 Chapter 12: Roselia's Decision

Yukina struggles to sing the way she used to. As she continues to try, she has a visitor...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... No. That is not it.
Yukina: ("LOUDER" is a song about the pure feelings my father had towards music...)
Yukina: (If we cannot express those feelings, then we cannot play this song.)
Yukina: (I understand this... and yet, I cannot sing it like I used to...)
Yukina: No, there is no time to lose. One more time, from the top...!
Sayo: ... I thought you would be here.
Yukina: ...! Sayo...?
Sayo: I went to your house, but I was told you went to practice, so I thought you might have come here.
Yukina: Yes. If you have something to say, could you perhaps save it for later?
Yukina: Right now, I would like to continue practicing.
Sayo: ... Even if you keep practicing, you won't be able to sing it like you did before.
Yukina: How do you know that...?
Sayo: I just do. And as for the reason, Minato-san... I think you know that better than anyone.
Yukina: ...
Sayo: "LOUDER" is a song about your father's passion for music...
Sayo: You inherited this passion. You sang this song as a way of guiding Roselia down the path we were to take.
Sayo: A path that led to that festival... To Future World Fes.
Yukina: Well-
Sayo: You can no longer sing "LOUDER" like you used to because it has already fulfilled its intended purpose.
Sayo: And now, you are desperately trying to find a new purpose within "LOUDER"...
Sayo: I believe that you ruining your throat by continuously singing is proof of that... Am I wrong?
Yukina: ... It appears I cannot hide anything from you.
Sayo: That may be thanks to Kirigaya-san.
Sayo: Because I'm now able to verbalize how I perceive and feel about a song.
Yukina: You are right, I have not yet found new emotions to put into "LOUDER."
Yukina: However, I will find them. So please give me a little more time. If I have more time-
Sayo: Will you...? Even though you still cannot see the future we should be working towards?
Yukina: ...?!
Sayo: You are much more eloquent with lyrics than with words...
Sayo: If you could see the path ahead and were prepared to take it, then you would already have the emotions you need to put into "LOUDER."
Sayo: So perhaps you have not yet found a reason to go professional...?
Yukina: ... I understand that that world would give us many experiences.
Yukina: We may be able to gain the guidance of many people, not to mention commercial success.
Yukina: However... It is as you say. I do not know if there is something I personally can aim for there...
Sayo: Then why did you agree to go forward with it...?!
Yukina: ... Because you all saw a light at the end of this tunnel.
Sayo: ...!
Yukina: It was not just you. Lisa, Rinko, and Ako all had reasons to go down this road.
Yukina: That means I would be- I must not stop everyone's progress.
Yukina: Just as you all lent me your strength... to make the dream my father could not achieve come true...
Yukina: I thought that it was my turn to do all I can so that you all may get what you want.
Sayo: I thought it was rather unlike you, but to do all this for us...?
Sayo: I don't want to achieve something if it means that you must carry an unwanted burden alone...
Sayo: And besides, will you really be able to enjoy singing if you enter this new world in such a manner?
Yukina: ...
(White cut)
Sayo: You said so yourself at Future World Fes.
Sayo: That from the bottom of your heart, you truly love to sing.
Sayo: That chasing music with that simple yet pure feeling might be one way to reach the heights we strive for.
Sayo: I remember feeling the same way during that performance.
Sayo: Moving up to the professional music world would be a great experience. However, we should not forget that feeling when we go there...
Sayo: If debuting under a major label requires you to sacrifice your determination and beliefs... then that would mean now is not the time for Roselia to debut.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Yukina: Sayo...
Lisa: I agree with Sayo.
Yukina: Lisa...? Why did you come here?
Lisa: Well, you were acting differently from how you usually do... So I wanted to check how you really felt about all of this.
Lisa: I thought you might be here, and I guess everyone else did too.
Ako & Rinko: Yukina-san...!
Yukina: Ako, Rinko...
Ako: I'm happy that you wanna do this for us, but... if it means you have to force yourself...
Ako: Then I don't wanna debut!
Rinko: Me neither... I feel the same way as Ako-chan... The pure thoughts you had toward music at that festival...
Rinko: Those thoughts... will show the way that Roselia is supposed to go... I think they will be our guide...
Lisa: I understand how you feel, Yukina. If it were for everyone's sake, I think I would go through with it too.
Lisa: But, like, I don't want you to forget what you've finally grasped, Yukina.
Lisa: Because now, you love singing! From the bottom of your heart...!
Yukina: ... Are you all truly okay with this?
Yukina: The agency thinks that "LOUDER" could be the backbone of our career...
Yukina: If we do not agree to this condition, then we can forget about debuting any time soon.
Yukina: And the opportunity to be scouted by a large agency like this, to be offered a contract with so few conditions, may not come again.
Sayo: Maybe not. But I am fine with that.
Lisa: We won't regret this decision, Yukina.
Yukina: Everyone...
Lisa: There's no need to rush anyway. Let's find our own way at our own pace.
Yukina: ... You are right. If this is what you have all decided, then I too will not regret this decision.
