event306-07 Ending: Someday, for Sure, Eternal

Notebook in hand, Moca starts filling its pages — painted in every color of Moca.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[The Next Day]

Moca: ...Ooh~... The great composer Moca-chan-sensei finally makes her notebook debut~.
Moca: The cover's full of bread, so my motivation might be 500 times higher~.
Moca: Alright, let's do this~.
Moca: (First, I'll copy the phrase I wrote in my Japanese notebook the other day~...)
Moca: ...Yeah, nice feel~.
Moca: And... what else should I write?
Moca: (For lunch today, I had mushroom Danish, anpan, and potato and bacon bread~.)
Moca: (My Yamabuki Bakery point card is almost full too~.)
Moca: (Everyone cheered on Tomo-chin working hard on video editing~...)
Moca: Mm~... I guess they don't come out when you psych yourself up~?
Moca: (But Tomo-chin seemed like she was having fun anyway~.)
Moca: ...Done. A portrait of Tomo-chin~.
Moca: I'll call it a day~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[One Week Later]

Tomoe: Sigh~, no good. I've been sleepy the whole time in today's class.
Ran: At that rate, the afternoon's gonna be even rougher.
Tsugumi: Did you stay up late last night?
Tomoe: Just a bit. Actually Himari, you found flyers for new festivals?
Himari: Yeah, I brought them to show everyone.
Himari: Um... Here, these! Well, most of them are the ones Marina-san gave us before though.
Tomoe: Oh, there's quite a few~.
Ran: Hey Moca, how long are you gonna keep writing in that notebook? We're all looking at the flyers.
Moca: Huh? What what~?
Tsugumi: Huh, Moca-chan, are you using two notebooks for class?
Tomoe: You're right. This one has notes from the board, but the other one has...
Himari: Dates and illustrations... and guitar phrases?
Ran: Moca, could this be...
Moca: You found it~. I was gonna keep it secret~.
Moca: This is Moca-chan's secret weapon... the doodle notebook~.
Himari: Doodle notebook?
Moca: Yep. By collecting doodles as the whim takes me, as you can see, my handouts stay clean~.
Tsugumi: It's true! Clean handouts from Moca-chan are rare!
Tomoe: No, those handouts being clean is a problem. It's homework you have to turn in this afternoon.
Moca: I'm planning to do that during lunch~. Besides, weren't we talking about festivals~?
Himari: Oh right. There were a few good-looking ones.
Tsugumi: Which one's your recommendation, Himari-chan?
Himari: I like... this one and this one! Both of them have outdoor stages apparently.
Tomoe: I saw those on the site too. Though some people said the selection process is strict.
Ran: Wait, Tomoe, you were looking too?
Himari: Could it be you stayed up late...
Tomoe: I thought I'd just check for a bit before bed, but once I started looking, I couldn't really stop.
Moca: Ooh~, Tomo-chin's really fired up~.
Tomoe: Mm, not fired up exactly... More like a 'just do it when you think of it!' kinda feeling.
Tomoe: Plus looking for festivals is actually pretty fun. Like imagining how fun it'd be to play at places like this.
Ran: ...I see.
Himari: Tomoe, you've gotten more honest since we went to the beach.
Tsugumi: Yeah. I feel like you're more willing to go for things too.
Tomoe: What's with you guys all of a sudden? Anyway, doesn't this festival look fun?
Moca: An outdoor beach festival~. The beach really suits Tomo-chin~.
Himari: Wow, the photos are so pretty! That means we could perform while looking at the ocean, right?
Ran: The sunset would probably look great too, don't you think?
Tomoe: Right~? I even thought up a set list last night.
Tsugumi: Fufu, sounds fun! If the last song's a new one, it'd really get everyone pumped!
Himari: True, if we're playing a fest, we should make a new song!
Ran: Yeah, let's make one.
Ran: ...Actually, I think Moca could make it too.
Moca: The great composer Moca-chan-sensei's next work won't be for another ten years~.
Ran: Then I'll wait patiently.
Moca: Look forward to it~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
