event306-02 Chapter 1: A Dreamy Kind of Fes

Afterglow mid-practice at CiRCLE. The moment break time hits, the conversation takes off...

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[CiRCLE - Studio]

Tomoe: ...!
Moca: (...Ah, Tomo-chin's playing a different phrase again.)
Moca: (She looks like she's having fun. Guess I'll-)
(Black cut)
Himari: Hey, Tomoe~! Moca too! You're throwing in way too many different phrases!
Ran: This is too sloppy, totally not working.
Tsugumi: Fufu. Tomoe-chan started the ad-libbing, right?
Tomoe: My bad, my bad. I just felt like trying out some different phrases.
Moca: Tomo-chin instigated it, so this is what happened to me~.
Tomoe: Hey, don't pin it all on me.
Ran: You're both guilty. I mean, trying different phrases is fine, but you gotta know when to stop.
Moca: This kinda playing has its own flavor though~.
Himari: Ugh, spin it however you want. Try thinking about how hard it is to keep up with you.
Moca: Hehe, sorryyy.
Ran: Moca, you've been like this a lot lately. All cheerful and having fun.
Tomoe: Yeah, I noticed too. You've been writing down phrases more often recently.
Himari: Yeah, I thought you were taking notes during practice a lot, but it's just phrases and drawings of bread.
Moca: Peeking without permission, Hii-chan's a bad girl~.
Himari: I-it was an accident!
Tsugumi: Ahaha. Moca-chan, did something good happen recently?
Moca: Mm~...? I guess I found out about a new bakery~?
Tsugumi: Oh, what bakery?
Moca: I couldn't read the name 'cause it was in a foreign language~. It's near RiNG, the shop with the blue roof~.
Moca: They've got everything from unique savory buns to sweet ones loaded with fruit, and apparently every pastry is carefully crafted to look and taste amazing~.
Himari: Wow, that sounds delicious!!
Ran: Moca, you're really good at selling things when it comes to this...
Tomoe: Haha, just shows how much she loves bread.
Moca: Exactly~. Eat delicious bread and you'll have a hundred times more energy for lives~.
Tsugumi: Then next time we do a live, we'll have to stock up on lots of bread.
Himari: Speaking of which, don't you wanna do a live soon? Wonder if there's any good events?
Moca: Instead of an event, what about a festival~?
Ran: Oh yeah, true. We wrote on the Astrorock board that we'd play a fest, but we haven't actually looked for one yet.
Tomoe: You're right. When we leave the studio, should we ask Marina-san if there are any good festivals?
Tsugumi: Yeah, let's check out the flyers and posters too.
Ran: Right. We're almost out of time... Should we call it a day?
Moca: Nah~, we can't end it like this~.
Tomoe: Yeah, let's nail one last song before we finish!
Ran: You two are saying that?
Moca: Huh~?
Himari: Okay you two, we don't have time so pick up your guitars! We're doing one more song. Ready?
All: Yeah! / Yeah!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Himari: Marina-san, thanks for having us. We're done with Studio A!
Marina: Thanks for coming, everyone. How was practice?
Moca: Absolutely perfect~.
Ran: It was a mess thanks to a certain someone.
Tomoe: All's well that ends well, right?
Tsugumi: Ahaha... Well, we played properly at the end, so it's fine.
Marina: Fufu, Afterglow's as close as ever.
Himari: Ehehe, thank you. Oh, Marina-san, are there any festivals we could play?
Tsugumi: If there's a big festival that isn't tournament-style, we'd like to play it.
Marina: Ah, you wrote that on the Astrorock board, right?
Marina: Let's see... There are a few, but they're all a ways off. I can give you the flyers if you'd like?
Himari: Thank you! We can look at the flyers and decide which one to play together!
Marina: Oh, right. If it doesn't have to be a fest, we have one event slot open next weekend.
Marina: One of the bands that was scheduled to play can't make it anymore... Interested?
Tomoe: I wanna do it! What about you guys?
Tsugumi: I want to too. The festivals seem like they're a bit far off.
Himari: Me too! Next weekend sounds like it'll be tough to prep for, but Ran and Moca, you okay with it?
Ran: I'm fine.
Moca: I'm okay too~. Let's do the event~.
Marina: Thanks, everyone! I'll email you the details later, but it's like a regular live so just relax and have fun.
Himari: Yes! Everyone, let's do our best for our first live in a while!
Tomoe: Yeah! We gotta start thinking about the set list!
Ran: Let's increase our practice too. Marina-san, which days is the studio open-...
Moca: ...Fufu~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
