event81-06 Chapter 5: The Path I Walked

Lisa's songwriting isn't going as planned, but perhaps Ako's words will prove useful...

(Character: Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy]

Lisa: Sigh~...
Lisa: (Man, this writer's block is a killer... I still have no idea what Yukina's words meant. I don't know what kind of lyrics to write...)
Lisa: (Rinko lent me a book of poems and the biography of the author. Both were inspiring, but I don't know if I can come up with verses like that.）
Lisa: (Argh, this has to stop! I'm just making up excuses by saying I'm not good enough, again!)
Ako: Huh? Lisa-nee, what are you doing here?
Lisa: Oh, Ako! Hey~! ... Wait, huh? Is this the first year's floor?
Ako: Yup, it sure is. Are you looking for someone?
Lisa: ... Uhhh, uh-huh... I am... looking for you, Ako... I think.
Lisa: (Gosh... I'm so wrapped up in my thoughts I ended up on this floor too...? I'm seriously developing a problem.)
Ako: You were looking for me? What is it? How can I help? You've looked really tired lately. I'm so worried~!
Lisa: Aw, I'm sorry about that. I need to get my thoughts together, but I'm in such a rut right now.
Lisa: I don't know if it's just that I can't find the right words or what...
Ako: I was totally in the same situation before! Remember when I was trying so very hard to come up with a plan for us to have the most awesome concert ever?
Lisa: Ahaha, I remember that!
Ako: Well, during that time, Rin-rin and Moca-chin helped me figure out a lot of things about the stuff I like and how I got to where I am now.
Ako: And it gave me all sorts of clues as to what I wanted to do! ... Though, the others still didn't understand what I was trying to tell them in the end.
Lisa: Hmmm, how I got here, huh?
Lisa: Ako, thanks! That's some super helpful advice! Fufu. You're really becoming someone people can count on~☆
Ako: I am?! Yay~! Good luck, Lisa-nee! But don't push yourself too hard!
Lisa: Mhm! Thanks for all your help! You're a lifesaver!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: The reason why I'm here... Well, it was definitely because of Yukina that I got into music...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Childhood]

[Park]

Lisa: Yukina-chan, you're so good at singing!
Yukina: Thanks. My daddy is even better!
Lisa: Oh! He is?! That's amazing!
Yukina: You see, he's in a band!
Lisa: A band? What's that? Can I be in one?!
Yukina: Okay, then the three of us should have a session! All of us can play and perform together.
Lisa: After that, Yukina, Yukina's father and I formed a little band. Every day we would play our toy instruments and pretend to perform...
Lisa: Sessions are so much fun! Your daddy is good at playing instruments too!
Yukina's Dad: You think so? I could never be better than you two.
Yukina: Someday, I wanna be just as good as daddy, but I'm not sure how to do that.
Yukina's Dad: Yukina, do you like songs?
Yukina: Yes! I love them!
Yukina's Dad: Haha, I see. If that's the case, you'll get better in no time.
Lisa: Well, I love our sessions too! Does that mean I'll get better?
Yukina's Dad: Of course. Don't forget this feeling you have now. And make sure to cherish it.
Lisa & Yukina: Okay!
Lisa: Look! All these white clovers are in bloom. I'll make you a flower crown, Yukina-chan!
Yukina: Why a crown?
Lisa: You're the best at singing, so you need one! Yukina's the queen of songs!
Lisa: I just have to do this, and this... And it's done! Here you go.
Yukina: It's lovely~...! Thanks, Lisa-chan. Teach me how to make them, too!
Lisa: Sure! Okay, so...
Lisa: Eventually, there were no more jam sessions. No one said anything. They just naturally stopped...
Lisa: Without my knowing, Yukina's father quit playing music.  And Yukina... changed. I didn't learn what had happened until later...
Lisa: ... Then I noticed this feeling that music became a means for Yukina to truly accomplish something.
Lisa: No, not just for Yukina. But for me, too.
Lisa: So that I could make up for what happened to Yukina's father. So that I could watch over my childhood friend.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: It's all... coming back to me, Yukina. The path I walked on to get here. The path I'll take from here on out. And the view that I can see from there...
