event81-01 Opening: Concerns

Another day of practice for Roselia. However, Lisa seems bothered by something...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: ... Oh. Look at the time. Let's take a short break. We'll resume in fifteen minutes.
Ako: Got it~! Rin-rin, let's go to the lounge and figure out a tactic for this event going on in the game!
Rinko: Okay... Sure...
Ako: The boss this time is too OP~! Both its HP and defense are insane...
Rinko: Actually... I was trying to come up with a strategy to tackle the boss yesterday...
Lisa: ...
Yukina: ... Lisa. Something wrong?
Lisa: Huh?! Ah, no. Nothing, nothing at all. I should be asking you~! Is something on your mind?
Yukina: Not really... I'm just the same as usual.
Lisa: I-is that so? Phew, I should really go outside and get some fresh air. Catch you later.
Sayo: ... Imai-san?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: Sigh...
Lisa: (Am I losing it~? ... No, it's weird she's not saying anything... Right...?)
Lisa: Could she be getting anxious again since we're getting closer to the festival? Maybe she's worried about how she's dealing with the music... Or about her father...
Sayo: Imai-san, good work in there.
Lisa: Whoa! Sayo?! Don't just pop up from behind me!
Sayo: Isn't that a rather rude way of putting it?
Lisa: S-sorry... You scared me, that's all.
Sayo: You have something on your mind?
Lisa: Well, it's not really about me... It's about Yukina.
Sayo: Minato-san?  She seems like her usual self to me...
Lisa: Exactly! That's the problem! Future World Fes is coming up, which means registration for the contest is about to start, right?
Lisa: Yet, Yukina's been the same as always... Does that mean she's not planning to enter the contest or the festival altogether this year?
Sayo: There's no way that would be the case.
Lisa: But Yukina has said nothing about it so far. I wonder if she's stressing about it and bearing the burden all by herself... I'm worried.
Sayo: We've been striving all this time to be a part of the festival. Needless to say, that's especially true for Minato-san.
Sayo: Why don't you put a little more trust in her and just watch over her for now? It's much too early to get involved.
Lisa: Ohhh, I don't know~... I'm just so worried...
Lisa: I mean, being in this festival is Yukina's ultimate dream. I just want her to go for it without a second thought, I guess...
Sayo: Speaking of which, Imai-san...
Lisa: Hm? What is it?
Sayo: What is your reason for wanting to perform at Future World Fes?
Lisa: Well, that's because...
Lisa: ... Roselia is aiming for the top... We wanna see what the view is like from up there...? Uhm, something like that...?
Sayo: ... I see.
Lisa: Sayo...?
Sayo: Break time's almost over. If you're that concerned, perhaps you should talk to Minato-san directly.
Lisa: ...
Lisa: That question Sayo asked me... Did I get something wrong...?
Lisa: (Roselia is aiming for the top. Trying to reach the highest point. And I take pride in Roselia...)
Lisa: (...That's the reason why I practice my instrument. To become a member more worthy of the band...)
Lisa: ...But what about me? Why do I want to be in the festival?
Lisa: ... Is it even okay for me to enter like this?
