event81-07 Ending: The Promised Landscape

Lisa has rediscovered the reason she first turned to music. What will happen when she shows Yukina her new song...?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[The Next Day]

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: ...
Yukina: ...
Lisa: (Boy, am I nervous~! I bet there are some pretty weird lines since I wrote it so late at night... Oh no. I'm getting more flustered thinking about it now.)
Yukina: ... What wonderful lyrics.
Lisa: Huh? For real?!
Yukina: Yes. I could sing these as the vocalist of Roselia.
Lisa: Really?! What a relief~... Okay, let's show them to the others at rehearsal today!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Studio]

Sayo: These are remarkable lyrics. They express the warmth you have.
Ako: Lisa-nee. Is this what you were talking about when you said you had to get your thoughts together?
Lisa: You got me. This was it
Rinko: A warm landscape... comes to mind... when I read these lyrics. I think they're beautifully written...
Lisa: Thanks. It's the world of music expanding before my eyes. Something I saw when I was younger.
Lisa: This view was what came to mind when I was trying to figure out what music meant to me. Then I realized this must have been my starting point.
Yukina: And you put all of that into lyrics.
Lisa: Yup. Exactly.
Sayo: That's how you produced something so authentically you.
Lisa: When I first started writing, I focused too much on what Roselia represents and the words just wouldn't come out. At that time, I chalked it up to not having enough talent.
Lisa: But I really wanted to do more as a member of Roselia... and that's when I started to get frantic. But then I realized...
Lisa: ...I've been telling myself I lack skills compared to everyone else, so I tried to make up for it by keeping everyone together and whatnot. I made excuses and tried to run away from the truth.
Lisa: But if I continue this way, I'll end up betraying those who have put their trust in me as a member of this band. That's why... I've decided to cast away all that woe-is-me talk.
Rinko: Imai-san...
Lisa: I'm the bassist of Roselia! I stand on stage with everyone... as a member of the band!
Lisa: I finally feel like I've become a true member. I'm sorry it took me this long, guys. But I have no doubt in my mind I'm gonna get much better from here on out! You won't even recognize me!
Sayo: Fufu. Then the rest of us can't lag behind either.
Ako: That's right!
Lisa: By the way, Yukina... We're... gonna take part in the festival this year, right?
Yukina: ...? Yes, of course. We're going to perform at the festival by earning our place with the best results.
Lisa: That's what I thought. Phew~, I can let out a sigh of relief... I thought you were still hesitant since you haven't said a single thing.
Yukina: I've already decided not to be hesitant about it. I thought it was obvious to everyone we'd take part. That's why I didn't say anything.
Lisa: Sigh...
Lisa: (I guess this is what Sayo meant by trusting in my friends. Well, I sure learned my lesson this time~.)
Sayo: I told you already. Minato-san is determined to participate.
Lisa: Yup. It's exactly like you said... Oh, yeah! I have a favor to ask of everyone.
Rinko: What is it...?
Lisa: We still haven't submitted our application for the contest, right? I was thinking... could you let me handle that?
Lisa: I want to solidify my determination! Please, let me do this!
Yukina: Of course. You can take care of it.
Lisa: Awesome, thanks!  Alrighty, then! I'm gonna give it my all! Woo~!
Ako: Woo~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Lisa: Somehow I feel more satisfied than usual with today's band practice~. I wonder if it's 'cause I pushed past a mental obstacle.
Yukina: By the way, reading your lyrics about "white clovers" and "the landscape of a promise"... made me remember a certain scene.
Lisa: Yeah... That was our starting point. I'll never forget what happened back then.
Yukina: There's been a lot to take in since that day. And we might never be able to... see the same landscape we saw.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: But as long as we don't forget, that landscape will always live on in our hearts.
Yukina: Because we cherish it... We'll be able to progress.
Lisa: Yes... The path with white clovers is connected to the one with blue roses. We are both walking on this path that connects to our future.
Yukina: There's overcoming this contest, standing on the main stage of the festival... and much more to come beyond that. I want to do it all with the current members of Roselia.
Yukina: And it must be you by my side playing the bass, Lisa.
Lisa: What are you talking about? Of course, it's gotta be me.
Lisa: You're not getting rid of me. I'm gonna be next to you, looking at the view from above with the others.
Lisa: The meaning of white clovers is "promise"...
Lisa: ... And those are the flowers we saw blooming when everything began.
(White cut)
