event81-02 Chapter 1: What I Can Do

Why does she want to join the festival? Lisa ponders the meaning of Sayo's words...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: Sigh...
Lisa: Why do I... want to perform at the festival?
Lisa: Because it's Yukina's dream? No, it's Roselia's dream now...
Lisa: But what about me...? What can I do to make it happen...?
Lisa: (I'm still not as good at playing music as the others in the band. And with lyric writing... I tried to write some after the contest, but none were good enough to be sung by Roselia.)
Lisa: (Sayo told me it's not about how talented of a musician I am. That I'm still a member of Roselia. But still...)
Lisa: Sigh... I just don't know~.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[A Few Days Later]

[Walking Home]

Ako: Practice was a blast today, Rin-rin!
Rinko: Yes... I feel like... I... played better than I normally do...
Ako: Ehehe♪ Same here!
Lisa: Yukina, you all done with the math homework we got the other day?
Yukina: ... I've still got time before it's due.
Lisa: You say that, but you're just gonna leave it till the very last minute, right? I'm not good at math, either. If you need help, we can work on it together! C'mon! Sayo and Rinko, you guys help too!
Sayo: You do know our school curriculums progress at different rates, don't you? You put us in an awkward position by just telling us to help.
Lisa: Don't say that~! Getting homework out of the way means we can all spend more time practicing as a band.
Yukina: Lisa. I'm glad we got into the same class, but you're constantly pestering me about homework.
Lisa: Well, that's because... I'm worried about you.
Yukina: I got through my first and second year just fine. There's no reason to worry so much. Let it go.
Lisa: You don't have to put it that way! That's mean~! Oh, and about our next reservation at the studio-
Sayo: How typical of you, Imai-san.
Lisa: Huh? What is?
Sayo: You're good at taking care of others. That's one way to put it, I suppose...
Lisa: A-ahaha~... Sorry, sorry.  Am I being too overbearing? It's true, though. You need to do your homework, Yukina!
Yukina: Okay, I got it.
Rinko: Fufu...
Yukina: Rinko, don't laugh.
Rinko: I'm sorry...! I was just thinking... you two have such a wonderful relationship... Must be nice to be childhood friends...
Sayo: I think Imai-san can be a little too overprotective at times.
Yukina: Sayo, aren't you the same with Hina?
Sayo: We are not talking about me...!
Ako: Ahaha!
Lisa: Ahaha...
Lisa: (Childhood friends, huh?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Imai Residence - Lisa's Room]

Lisa: (... Things... can't continue like this...)
Lisa: (I'm Yukina's childhood friend. My skills aren't up to par... The others may acknowledge me as a bassist, but... )
Lisa: (... Maybe I've just been unconsciously using those things as excuses.)
Lisa: If this keeps up, I'm just gonna be left behind when we all start practicing for the festival.
Lisa: I want my performance to be worthy of Roselia... Is there anything else I can do...?
Lisa: Alright! That settles it!
