event81-05 Chapter 4: Trust and Promises

Wanting to return the trust her bandmates place in her, Lisa makes a request of Rinko...

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Rinko Shirokane)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Lisa: Hey~! Sorry to ask you to come out on such short notice.
Rinko: That's okay... Imai-san... Did something happen...?
Lisa: Uhm, you see... I was hoping to ask you to lend me some books.
Lisa: Or give me some recommendations.
Rinko: What kind of books... are you looking for...?
Lisa: Right. Good question. Maybe a collection of poems... or something?
Rinko: A poetry anthology...?
Lisa: Yes! Something... that can rev up my creativity! If you know of anything like that, let me know!
Rinko: ... Alright. Do you mind waiting... until our next rehearsal...? I can pick some out... and bring them to you then...
Lisa: Not at all! Thanks so much! By the way, you should have some cake! It's my treat today!
Rinko: Oh, no... It's okay... I couldn't...!
Rinko: You've helped me out in so many ways... The least I could do... is return the favor if I can...
Rinko: As a member of the band... And also... if I may... as a friend...!
Lisa: Rinko...! Okay, thanks!
Lisa: (Rinko must have put her faith in me as well. That's why I'm sure... she's trying to help without asking too much.)
Lisa: (It's not just Sayo. I'll make sure none of them feel like they've misplaced their trust. And no more making excuses.)
Lisa: (I gotta give it my all. That's what I can do for Roselia right now!)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hikawa Residence - Living Room]

Sayo: (I wonder... if what I said to Imai-san was a little too harsh.)
Sayo: Oh? A message from Imai-san.
Lisa: "Sayo~! Thanks for going at me earlier for what I said! Your words were totally a wake-up call. I'm so grateful to have friends who'd get upset at me."
Lisa: "I'm gonna do whatever I can to finish those lyrics! Thanks to you, I'm more determined than ever!"
Sayo: ...
Hina: Sis, let's watch TV~! Hm? What's wrong?
Sayo: It's nothing.
Hina: That's not a face that says 'nothing'! Even I can tell that much, you know!
Sayo: Imai-san is going through something right now...
Sayo: ... Yet I said some fairly harsh things to her about it.
Hina: Really? Why?
Sayo: I have full confidence in her... and that's exactly why I didn't want her to wallow in self-pity. But now that I think about it, I may have been acting selfishly.
Hina: Chisato-chan is tough on Aya-chan all the time. She says things like, "Aya-chan, you have a long way to go before you can show that to the fans."
Hina: Is that the same as what you did?
Sayo: Perhaps... I imagine it's the same.
Hina: Hmmm... I feel like something happened that was even more similar though... Oh, I got it! Me! You did something like I did!
Sayo: You and I did something similar? How could that be possibl-
Hina: It totally happened! Remember when you almost quit playing the guitar? I was so mad at that time.
Hina: And I'm sure it's because we made a promise to each other, a promise I held on to dearly.
Hina: It's not just about the promise, either. It was because you, the one who made me the promise, are so important to me. That's why I got upset. It's the same thing you did, Sis!
Sayo: Ah...
Sayo: Fufu... That's right. You really scolded me back then.
Hina: Ehehe~. I'm glad we're both still working to get better at the guitar!
Sayo: If you hadn't been so mad back then, there's a good chance I would have quit.
Sayo: (And if I couldn't talk to Hina the way I do now and went on to perform at the festival, I would have realized how empty I was. Either way, I might have stopped.)
Sayo: ... Hina.
Hina: What's up?
Sayo: This year, Roselia will definitely make it into Future World Fes. Not only that, but we'll make it in by being the best band to perform.
Sayo: We have to enter a contest to be eligible for the event... And I want you to be there to see us.
Hina: What? ... Are you sure?
Sayo: The last time I was aiming to be a part of this festival, I rejected you and shut you out of my life. But that... is exactly why I want you to be there.
Sayo: I'm hoping when you watch this contest and wherever it may lead, we will be able to take back both what was lost and the time that was wasted by me pushing you away. Even if it's just a little bit.
Sayo: If I want to catch up to you... so we can stand together side by side... I can't just leave the past the way it is.
Hina: Oh, Sis...! Absolutely! I will most definitely come watch!  You have my word!
Sayo: This is the new promise between us. So that we may start walking together, side by side.
Hina: Sniff...! I can't contain my happiness right now... Sis, when is the contest? I need to take that day off!
Sayo: Hina...
Sayo: I want you to come, but please focus on your job. I don't want it to cause any trouble for Pastel＊Palettes.
Hina: Awww~! But I already said I'm definitely going! You can't stop me from taking the day off!
Sayo: Sigh...
