event81-04 Chapter 3: The Forgotten Path

Yukina says she can't sing Lisa's song, leaving Lisa to ponder the reason why...

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[A Few Days Later]

[CiRCLE Café]

Lisa: ... Sigh...
Lisa: (I'm not making any progress on the lyrics. I don't even know what's wrong with them to begin with...)
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-in)

(Background change)
Yukina: Now that you're on this path, what is it you see?
Yukina: ... These lyrics won't work. At the very least, I can't sing them.
(Black cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Lisa: Nothing says Roselia more than blue roses. That flower symbolizes achieving the impossible, and lots of them bloom with the band...
Lisa: The moment we all decided to value our pride as Roselia, it felt like a path of blue roses opened up in front of us.
Lisa: A path of blue roses in bloom... It's probably the path that leads us to the top... But what do I see there?
Sayo: Imai-san. How are you doing?
Lisa: Wah!
Lisa: Why do you keep creeping up on me from behind? It's freaky~.
Sayo: It wasn't my intention. But it goes to show how focused you are on writing lyrics.
Lisa: Wait, what?! How did you know that's what I was doing?
Sayo: I saw you jotting down words in a notebook during our breaks. And you've seemed quite concerned about Minato-san and the festival during the past few days.
Sayo: I figured you must be working on something on your own. And since you had a go at writing lyrics before, I was thinking perhaps you picked it up again.
Lisa: You figured all of that out? ... Your deduction skills are a force to be reckoned with!
Sayo: How are they, by the way? Are you making progress?
Lisa: It's not going well at all! I showed my lyrics to Yukina, but she told me they don't work.
Lisa: Then she asked me what I see. What, indeed! Is my vision of Roselia different than what it should be?
Sayo: ...
Lisa: This just means I still have a long way to go, huh?
Lisa: I was trying to find something I can do for Roselia,  but maybe I'm just... not cut out for writing lyrics~. Ahaha...
Sayo: That's not something you should even joke about.
Lisa: ... Thanks. But that's what's going on in my head. I'm just lacking so much compared to everyone else in the band...
Sayo: Please stop.
Lisa: Sayo...?
Sayo: Stop it right now. I don't want to hear any more.
Lisa: Wh-what's wrong, Sayo?
Sayo: ... I have confidence in you as a member of Roselia. This is something I've told you before.
Sayo: This is how I truly feel, not something I say just to comfort you.
Sayo: Those words you said... Did you consider what kind of message you're sending to those who put their trust in you, those who are supporting you?
Lisa: Ah...! S-Sorry, Sayo...!
Sayo: You need to think about what trust in your friends really means.
Sayo: ... Right now, it feels like you just stabbed me in the back.
Lisa: ... Sayo!
Lisa: I'm... seriously the worst...
Lisa: The encouragement everyone gave to me, their feelings... It's like I'm trampling on all of it.
Lisa: Why must it take someone saying it straight to my face before I realize it?
Lisa: ... I was just making excuses for myself... again.
