event177-04 Chapter 3: Individual Interpretations

Kasumi and the girls are interested in Sayo's attempt to make the roll cake.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Moca Aoba, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kasumi: Wow~! So, how was it?!
Sayo: Very peaceful and with refreshing air... The scenery was just as I had imagined... and it was like we were taking a stroll through the novel itself.
Misaki: Huh~, that does sound kind of fun. What about the chocolate roll cake? What did it taste like?
Sayo: Unfortunately, the café was closed...
Misaki: Oh~, that's too bad...
Sayo: It is. However, Hazawa-san suggested that we make our own using the descriptions in the novel, so that is what we will be doing.
Sayo: We have worked together to more or less come up with a recipe. This weekend is when we will attempt to make the roll cake at Hazawa-san's residence.
Kasumi: Aw~, you're so lucky~! I bet it's gonna be so much fun!
Misaki: People sometimes upload videos of their attempts to recreate food from manga... so I can see how it could sort of be.
Kasumi: No way, it'll be fun for sure! I still need to hurry up and decide what to do about the chocolate I'm getting for my band though~.
Kasumi: I already told Arisa it's totally going to blow her away~...
Misaki: Went right ahead and made life harder for yourself, huh...? But I need to start thinking too~.
Misaki: Kokoro and the rest of the bunch have been pestering me about what I'm getting them. They're really looking forward to it.
Sayo: ... Would both of you perhaps like to join us then?
Kasumi: Really...?! Did you just hear that, Misaki-chan?!
Misaki: As a matter of fact, I did. Because I'm right here too. Anyway, are you sure it'll be okay for us to suddenly be a part of this...?
Sayo: Do not worry. I will let Hazawa-san know.
Kasumi: Yay~! Thanks for the invite, Sayo-senpai!
Kasumi: This is gonna be so much fun, isn't it, Misaki-chan?!
Misaki: Yeah, well, I guess it works out because I do need to figure out what to get Kokoro and the others...
Misaki: But I'm honestly not so sure I'm suited for doing it homemade...
Sayo: I would not be so quick to judge. When Hazawa-san first taught me how to bake cookies, I was very nervous too, but it turned out to be quite the valuable experience.
Sayo: And when someone smiles when you give them something you made yourself... you will be glad you took the time to do so.
Misaki: Hmm~... Like, seriously. I don't think it'll take a whole lot to make them smile...
Kasumi: Thanks again, Sayo-senpai! And see you this weekend!
Sayo: See you. We will perfect the recipe and have it ready for you when you arrive.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Tsugumi: That's why Sayo-san and I went to where the story takes place!
Moca: Nice~. I did see those photos you posted in chat. Hii-chan was saying she'd like to go too~.
Tsugumi: Can you believe Ran-chan actually left a comment on a photo for once...? She said she wants to see the flowers at the park.
Moca: I did read the book since you recommended it, and I have to say, everything in those photos was just as I'd imagined~.
Tsugumi: Right? Everything really was like they came straight out of the story! The air was so clear, and there were so many old buildings...
Tsugumi: Things like the path the main character took to go to school, the clock tower before the station, the store with the cat figurine... They were all just like in the story!
Tsugumi: And after going, I love the book even more now!
Moca: How interesting~. Now you're making me want to give the book another read~. It does give some nice feels~.
Tsugumi: Oh hey, what did you think about the epilogue?
Moca: Ah~, that final page? It certainly didn't say a thing about what happens to the two friends~.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san and I talked about that ending, but we couldn't come up with a good explanation...
Moca: Hmm~, well...
Moca: What came to my mind is that stuff like distance and time... They don't matter when it comes to friendship~.
Tsugumi: Distance and time, huh...?
Moca: Yup. This is just going to be my guess, but...
Moca: Not writing about what happens feels like the author's way of saying their friendship will last forever even if they don't always stay in touch.
Moca: That's why they deliberately didn't write about it and stuff.
Tsugumi: I see... I never thought of looking at it that way.
Moca: Well, everyone has their own interpretations when it comes to books and manga~. It's what makes them so fun.
Moca: Anyway, are you really going to be making the chocolate roll cake from the story with Sayo-san and everyone?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm, we are! Eve-chan's also coming! We had so much fun talking about it when she showed up for work! Oh, do you want to come too?
Moca: Hm~, I myself am more of a specialist in the fine art of ingestion~. It just so happens to also be a work day for me~.
Moca: But don't worry, I'll starve myself~.
Tsugumi: All right! I'll make sure you won't stay hungry then!
