event177-06 Chapter 5: Sharing a Delicious Season

Only the final steps remain. Will the girls be able to make the roll cake?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kasumi: Sayo-senpai! I finished placing the chocolate cream and walnuts on the sponge cake~!
Sayo: Let us begin rolling then.
Sayo: First, lay out a firmly-wrung moist towel on the surface. Next, place the cake, and the parchment paper it is on, onto the towel.
Misaki: What exactly is the moist towel for...?
Sayo: It makes the cake easier to roll by preventing it from sliding. Proper preparation beforehand has a significant impact on the results.
Eve: I see! This is exactly the kind of extra touch I have come to expect from you, Sayo-san!
Sayo: When rolling the cake, make sure the parchment does not get rolled together. Also, always roll parallel to the surface and away from you.
Kasumi: This sounds so hard~...! I wonder if I'll be able to do it...
Sayo: Allow me to demonstrate first.
Sayo: ... I will begin now.
Misaki: Oh~, it's gradually starting to look like a roll cake.
Eve: Sayo-san's movements are those of a master craftsman!
Kasumi: Go, go, Sayo-senpai~!
Tsugumi: ...
Sayo: (Now comes the hardest part of making a roll cake...)
Sayo: (If the cake crumbles now, everything we've done will become meaningless.)
Sayo: (I must relax... focus... and be steady...)
Tsugumi: (You can do it, Sayo-san...!)
Kasumi, Eve & Misaki: ...!
Sayo: ... Phew. It is done.
Kasumi: Wow~! Look at how pretty the roll cake is~!
Eve: Your prowess is truly divinely inspired, Sayo-san! There is not even a hint of cream leaking!
Misaki: That was... amazing, all right... It's so nice and round.
Sayo: Now then, please keep that demonstration in mind when rolling the cake, and remember to be careful and go at a speed you are comfortable with.
Kasumi: Okay~! I'm gonna go wet a towel! Let's go, Eve-chan, Misaki-chan!
Eve: Yes! Proper preparation is the key, after all!
Misaki: H-hey, Toyama-san! Stop running! It's dangerous!
Sayo: ... Phew.
Tsugumi: That was a great demonstration, Sayo-san.
Sayo: ... I am relieved it went well.
Tsugumi: I'm guessing you practiced rolling quite a bit before today.
Sayo: How could you tell...?
Tsugumi: It was obvious from how you were rolling the cake. And knowing you, I had a feeling you would practice beforehand since we would be helping everyone.
Sayo: Hazawa-san...
Sayo: Fufu, it seems you know me too well.
Sayo: I failed several times while practicing... But today, I was able to relax while focusing... and put into practice the moderation you once taught me.
Tsugumi: I'm glad I could help. Now it's my turn to roll. Once this is over, we'll almost be done.
Sayo: Yes. However, we must not become complacent. The roll cake's presentation will be determined by how it is decorated after it has been cut.
Tsugumi: You're right... Fufu. You're still just as conscientious as you were back then.
Kasumi: Sayo-senpai~! Tsugu~! We're done preparing~!
Tsugumi: All right~! Let's go give them a hand, Sayo-san.
Sayo: Yes. Let us do our best to help everyone make delicious chocolate roll cakes.
(Black cut)
Tsugumi: And now, for the final step... Time to place the raspberries on top of the roll cakes...
Kasumi: I've done it~!
Eve: This is incredible! The pink raspberries are like flower petals that make you feel like spring is almost here!
Tsugumi: A glistening cocoa brown surface with soft chocolate cream on the inside...! Our roll cake's turned out just like the one in the story, Sayo-san!
Sayo: Yes. And it is overwhelming to see it before our very eyes...
Kasumi: Ah~! I can't wait to dig in~!
Tsugumi: All of you did great! Why don't we have some roll cake then?
Kasumi, Eve & Misaki: Finally~! Thank you.
Eve: Wow...! The chocolate cream melts in your mouth... It is very delicious!
Kasumi: Mmm~! I'm in heaven~! I love how nice and roasted the walnuts are~!
Tsugumi: Oh, wow...! Sayo-san, this flavor...!
Sayo: Yes. This sweetness as it melts in your mouth, and this gentle aftertaste... This is the very flavor the two friends in the story experience...
Tsugumi: This is the hopeful spring chocolate roll cake they had when they first met, isn't it?
Misaki: Huh? This is actually good! What the heck is this...?! It's like something people would pay money for at a store. Did I really make this?
Tsugumi: So, how does it feel to have made it yourself?
Misaki: Hmm~, I don't know how to put it into words... but it's definitely not bad. There's this major sense of accomplishment.
Sayo: That happiness will be even greater if the people you make something for appreciate your gift.
Misaki: ... I can see that, all right.
Misaki: And I'd really like to thank you both for being so kind and thorough. It's been a while since I made snacks, but I actually made it to the end without any trouble.
Tsugumi: It's because all of you are such quick studies. And Sayo-san's clear and thorough explanations, of course.
Sayo: No, no, Hazawa-san. It is the result of your way of teaching.
Tsugumi: Not at all. You were a lot better...!
Eve: Fufu, neither side is willing to take more credit than the other. It looks like a stalemate.
Misaki: Both of you were great teachers. How's that for a compromise?
Kasumi: You two get along so well~!
Sayo: W-well...
Tsugumi: Ahaha...
