event177-02 Chapter 1: Where the White Flowers Bloom

Sayo and Tsugumi arrive at the town where the book's story takes place.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Station Entrance]

Tsugumi: Here we are, Sayo-san! So this is where the story of "A Dream Gentler Than White Flowers" takes place.
Sayo: Yes. The mountain range is stunning, the air is refreshing, and it is so peaceful here... You can even hear the faint murmur of a stream.
Tsugumi: I know the main character says it's a beautiful town with quaint buildings, but it really is just as she describes...!
Tsugumi: Ah, look over there! That clock tower!
Sayo: It must be the one that appears in the scene where the two of them go their separate ways after graduating.
Tsugumi: The tower's bell rings as they spend their last time after school together before the friend leaves town...
Sayo: All the emotions I felt when I read the story are coming back.
Tsugumi: This is where it all takes place, and we're actually here...
Tsugumi: There are pamphlets by the station entrance. Where the White Flowers Bloom: Relive the Novel... It shows how to get to the places in the story, and there are even photos!
Sayo: I have already done my research, but I would feel more secure with this map. We should take a copy.
Tsugumi: Ah, the café's roll cake is mentioned here too!
Sayo: "This famous roll cake's silky and exquisite chocolate melts away in your mouth, making for an unforgettable experience." I am not surprised to see it is popular.
Tsugumi: Now I'm even more excited! Let's see what's around here that we should check out first...
Sayo: The path the two friends walked along to go to school every day...
Tsugumi: The school route!
Sayo: Fufu... Shall we then?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Street]

Tsugumi: Wow...! The cat figurine at that store is exactly the same as the one I saw a photo of online!
Sayo: Really? I have to say, even something so simple as walking down the street is exciting because it feels as though we are inside the novel.
Tsugumi: It looks like you're allowed to take pictures! I'm taking some then!
Tsugumi: All right, this angle should do it... Ahhh!
Tsugumi: I accidentally used burst mode...
Sayo: Fufu. Calm down, Hazawa-san.
Sayo: Would you like me to take the photographs for you instead? We might as well have you and the figurine be together too.
Tsugumi: Th-thank you! Um, how does this look...?
Sayo: Try putting your face a little closer to the figurine... Yes, perfect. Are you ready...?
Sayo: Done. Will this do?
Tsugumi: Wow, thank you so much...! It's your turn now!
Sayo: M-my turn...?
Tsugumi: You've also come all the way out here, so you should totally have something to remind you of today!
Sayo: ... Fufu, all right. I will take you up on that offer then.
Tsugumi: Okay, ready for your photo~...? Say cheese!
Sayo: Thank you very much... Fufu, that felt rather awkward. I have not exactly had much experience.
Tsugumi: But you looked great! I'll send you the photo later. Now let's go to the next spot...
Tsugumi: Ah! The drink place next door... Is it what I think it is?
Sayo: Yellow roof, blue benches... The establishment may have served as the model for the one the two of them often visited along the way.
Tsugumi: It looks like you're allowed to use the benches to rest. Why don't we order something then?
Sayo: That sounds like a good idea. Let's do just that.
(Black cut)
Sayo: That was a very delicious matcha green tea latte.
Tsugumi: It was. The foaminess and sweetness were just right. I feel so much warmer now.
Tsugumi: This bench we're sitting on is where they become friends, isn't it?
Sayo: Yes, the shy friend shares her secret with the protagonist... and gradually starts opening up to her...
Sayo: ... Anyway, I wonder. Going to a café after school with a friend or walking around town together during the weekend...
Sayo: The novel simply portrays the everyday lives of the two friends, but reading about them made me feel warm inside.
Tsugumi: I know what you mean... I can't quite explain why either, but I was left with a strong sense of happiness.
Sayo: Perhaps it is because great care has been taken to write about the beauty of even such minor events.
Sayo: ... In any case, should we go now? According to the station pamphlet, the café we came here for is just a short walk away.
Sayo: We will soon finally get to see the chocolate roll cake. I am sure you must be very excited too.
Tsugumi: ...
Sayo: ...? Is everything all right? You are looking at the pamphlet rather intently.
Tsugumi: Ah, sorry... It's nothing...
Sayo: ...?
Sayo: Could it be that... you would like to visit this park?
Tsugumi: Wait, how did you know?
Sayo: An especially important event within the story takes place there... I thought perhaps you might feel the same way.
Tsugumi: I do. It's a very special place for the two of them, and the way it's described makes it sound really beautiful... But it's a little far from here...
Sayo: ...
Sayo: Let us go to the park.
Tsugumi: A-are you sure?
Sayo: Yes. We still have some time before it is late afternoon. Going around to see the various locations we set out to visit has taken less time than I expected.
Sayo: Not to mention... detours are not always so bad.
Sayo: And we have come all the way out here. It would be a shame to not take the time to enjoy ourselves.
Tsugumi: ... Okay, thank you so much!
