event177-03 Chapter 2: Droplet of Snow

They arrive at the park. A beautiful view spreads out before them.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[Park]

Tsugumi: It's beautiful...
Sayo: The main character did say flowers from every season can be enjoyed here, but this... This truly is breathtaking.
Sayo: Daffodils, daisies, clematises... So many winter flowers blooming... And this fragrance surrounding us...
Tsugumi: I've wanted to see this place so much. The scene here is one of my absolute favorites...
Sayo: It is for me as well... The very location where the friend gives the main character a pressed flower bookmark on their birthday... It is such a beautiful scene.
Tsugumi: She still remembers what the main character's favorite flower is... and makes a bookmark out of them...
Sayo: That moment where she musters her courage to give it... I can just see it before my eyes.
Sayo: And the main character's shy smile... I can see that so vividly too...
Tsugumi: She laughs and says she doesn't read books, but she still treasures and keeps using the bookmark.
Tsugumi: As she does, her friend's hobby of reading books becomes something she comes to enjoy too...
Sayo: Which is how the library becomes one of the places they visit as a part of their usual after-school detours.
Tsugumi: Fufu, talking about this is making me wish I also had a bookmark.
Tsugumi: Having your very own bookmark would probably make reading even more fun and bring you some extra joy whenever you open a book.
Sayo: ... Yes, I am sure it would.
Tsugumi: Anyway, I have to say this place really is beautiful... Ah... Beneath the tree over there. Snowdrops.
Tsugumi: I love how the flower got its name. Do you know the story?
Sayo: I do not...
Tsugumi: Snow didn't use to have a color, so it went around asking various flowers to share theirs, but they all said no.
Tsugumi: All except for the snowdrop, and that's why snow is white. That's how one story goes anyway.
Tsugumi: Apparently, there's even a Northern European country that has a Valentine's Day custom of giving snowdrops. That's so nice, don't you think?
Tsugumi: They're such pretty flowers...
Sayo: ... Yes. They certainly are.
Tsugumi: Ah, I'm sorry. I got a little carried away... We should probably head to the café now.
Sayo: No, there is no need. The scenery here is very beautiful. I suggest we spend at least a little more time taking it all in.
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Street]

Tsugumi: Once we reach the bottom of this slope, the café should be close.
Sayo: Yes. To think that we started at the clock tower, and now we are finally about to arrive at the place where they first met.
Tsugumi: Fufu. I can't wait to see what the chocolate roll cake is like. Do you think the two of them were just as eager as us as they walked toward the café?
Sayo: I am sure they were. After all, they practically went every day until the day of their graduation...
Sayo: ... By the way, how do you feel about the epilogue?
Tsugumi: The epilogue...? Are you asking about the scene on the last page?
Sayo: Yes. I am wondering why there is just a single line describing the town instead of details about the two characters after they graduate.
Sayo: The author usually takes very good care of their characters, so I find it somewhat odd that they chose to end the story without offering proper closure...
Tsugumi: Now that you mention it, that's so true... It would be nice to know what happens to them.
Sayo: I do not have an answer... but what I will say is that I did not dislike the ending. If anything, I would go so far as to say I felt quite satisfied after I finished reading.
Tsugumi: I can see that... And maybe you were able to feel that way because those two treasured their three years and lived each day to the fullest...
Tsugumi: Even when the time to say goodbye came, neither of them was that sad. They both just mentioned that things couldn't have been more fun.
Tsugumi: So while there was a bit of sadness, they were willing to accept what was happening.
Sayo: ... I see. Perhaps that explains the sense of satisfaction I experienced once I was done.
Tsugumi: But it doesn't really explain why the author didn't write about what happens to them... Hmm, this is a tough one...
Tsugumi: Ah, I can see it! The café!
Sayo: The cat-shaped sign... It really is the same as in the novel. Fufu, I can feel my anticipation growing.
Tsugumi: Let's hurry up and go in!
Tsugumi: ... Huh? What's this?
Sayo: Is something wrong?
Tsugumi: Um, there's a notice on the door...
Sayo: Let me see...
Sayo: "We regret to inform you that due to the owner being unwell, the café will be closed for business today."
Sayo: Oh no...
Tsugumi: Looks like no café...
Sayo: I am very sorry... I should have been more thorough in my research...
Tsugumi: Oh, it's not your fault! And this sort of thing has been happening a lot on our band trips lately.
Tsugumi: There was one time we all panicked because the diner we were planning on doing lunch at happened to be closed...
Tsugumi: And just the other day, we were using a navigation app, but the road it led us to was blocked off due to construction, so we had to find a different route...
Tsugumi: That's why I've lately started feeling that maybe part of the fun of a trip is working together to try to overcome the problems you encounter...
Tsugumi: ... Ah, I know!
Sayo: ...?
Tsugumi: I just had an idea.
Tsugumi: If we can't have any chocolate roll cake, why don't we just make our own?
Sayo: ... Make our own...?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm! The roll cake itself is described in that conversation the two friends have.
Tsugumi: We can just reread it and try to do it ourselves!
Tsugumi: For example, the surface is supposed to be a glistening cocoa brown, while the sponge cake is supposed to contain sweet walnuts. Things like that.
Sayo: True... There is also mention of the sweetness as it melts in your mouth and the gentle aftertaste...
Tsugumi: Exactly! What do you think about giving it a shot together?
Sayo: The solution to not having any is to make it ourselves... I like how you think.
Sayo: Let us see what we can do.
Tsugumi: Great!
