event177-05 Chapter 4: Who I Was, Who I Am

While the girls are making roll cakes, Sayo reflects on her past.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tsugumi Hazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Sayo Hikawa)

[The Weekend]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: The preparations are complete. Let us begin making chocolate roll cakes.
Kasumi: Okay~! Thanks for doing this, by the way!
Eve: Tsugumi-san, thank you most kindly once again for inviting me here today!
Tsugumi: No problem! I promised you you'd be invited the next time we got together to make snacks, so I'm glad you were able to come!
Misaki: Thank you, and, um, you should probably know I'm not too used to doing this, so I might mess things up...
Sayo: It will be okay, Okusawa-san. Just follow the recipe, and everything will taste just fine.
Tsugumi: What she said! Also, when you're not sure what to do, you can ask either of us anytime!
Misaki: Okay, thank you.
Sayo: All right. The first step is to add the egg white and granulated sugar to the bowl, then beat until white.
Kasumi: Got it~! Time to do this~! First, the egg whites and granulated sugar~...
Sayo: Ah. Toyama-san, stop. The granulated sugar must be measured properly.
Kasumi: Oh, right! Sorry, I got a bit overeager~, ehehe...
Sayo: Incidentally, when trying to see how much sugar there is...
Sayo: Lightly tap the base of the measuring cup against something to make the surface of the sugar more even. Your results will be more accurate.
Kasumi: Like this~...? Ah, you're right! It's so much easier to see now!
Sayo: When making snacks, there are times when precision is unnecessary, but there are also times when the reverse holds true. Try to keep that in mind, okay?
Kasumi: Got it!
Misaki: Uh~... I hope I'm doing this right.
Tsugumi: Wow, you're really good with a whisk, Misaki-chan!
Misaki: I-I am?
Tsugumi: Mm-hmm! I know you said you're not used to this, but your movements are very smooth!
Misaki: Thanks... But I don't think I can keep this up much longer. My arm's getting tired.
Tsugumi: Try this then... It won't be as tiring if you use your wrist.
Misaki: My wrist...? Huh, you're right. It feels a lot easier.
Kasumi: Oh~! You look like a professional chef, Misaki-chan! Time for me to step up my game~.
Eve: Sayo-san, Tsugumi-san, am I doing this correctly?
Tsugumi: Yes, I would say you absolutely are! Great job, Eve-chan!
Eve: Thank you very much! I devoted myself wholeheartedly to the task of whisking!
Misaki: Ah~, I see. I didn't know it doesn't literally have to be white.
Sayo: Yes, this is one of the steps where being close enough will suffice.
Tsugumi: Since I'm also done whisking, I think I'll add the cocoa powder now.
Kasumi: Ah~, wait, I'm not ready yet! Please don't leave me behind~.
Sayo: Fufu, take your time. I am about to start on mine, so we can proceed together. Just ask me if you have any questions.
Kasumi: Sayo-senpai~!
Sayo: (Fufu, this brings back memories.)
Sayo: (I never thought I would become the one to teach how to make snacks. If the old me saw me now, I wonder what she would think.)
Sayo: (It is funny what the passage of time can do.)
(White cut)
Sayo: Hazawa-san, the oven is ready.
Tsugumi: Thank you. I'll simmer the walnuts in water and sugar then.
Sayo: Your frying pan and ingredients have already been laid out, so I will make the parchment paper liners.
Tsugumi: Okay, that sounds great.
Eve: You are both so coordinated! It is as if you can read each other's minds!
Misaki: And you're doing all that while teaching us... That's some amazing stuff.
Kasumi: Yeah! I feel like I'm watching you two do a session!
Tsugumi: O-oh? Maybe it's because Sayo-san and I sometimes make snacks together...
Sayo: ... I believe it may be as you say, Toyama-san.
Sayo: Even when it comes to music, spending time together allows you to improve your understanding of one another.
Sayo: Perhaps the same is true for making snacks.
Eve: I see! Then this magnificent display of coordination must be the result of all the moments the two of you have shared!
Tsugumi: U-um, having someone else put it into words like that is pretty embarrassing...
Sayo: Q-quite...
Eve: ...? Your faces are both flushed. Is everything okay?
Misaki: Well, you did just shower them with praise, so I'd say it's a pretty natural reaction...
Sayo: L-less talk, more action, everyone. We still have some baking to do.
