event177-07 Ending: To Our Future Selves

Sayo and Tsugumi are cleaning up. The time they share is peaceful.

(Character: Tsugumi Hazawa, Sayo Hikawa)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Hazawa Coffee]

Sayo: Hazawa-san, I have organized the cupboards.
Tsugumi: Thank you so much. And I'm sorry for putting you through this when we've already finished cleaning up.
Sayo: It really is all right. I do not have any other plans, and you always let me use the kitchen when we make snacks together. This is my way of expressing my gratitude.
Tsugumi: Okay... But thank you anyway. I'll be restocking the parchment paper then.
Sayo: In that case, I will take care of the sink... What's this?
Sayo: Look. Messages from Okusawa-san and Wakamiya-san...
Tsugumi: Ah, looks like they texted me too... Oh, now there's one from Kasumi-chan...
Tsugumi: "Thanks so much for everything today. Now I can give everyone something chocolaty they'll enjoy!"
Tsugumi: Fufu, there's even a picture... It looks like she's already making another chocolate roll cake, but this time with her sister.
Sayo: ... I am glad that everyone seems quite satisfied.
Tsugumi: Me too. The work we did to figure out a recipe was really worthwhile.
Tsugumi: I started out unsure what to make for my bandmates... but now I can give them a delicious chocolate treat that'll make them happy!
Sayo: I was in much the same situation... Now, however, it appears I will have something homemade to give to the members of my band for this year's Valentine's Day.
Sayo: ... I must say though, it really is important to do normal things like get together to bake with everyone.
Sayo: Our band activities have kept me quite busy lately, so I appreciate how much it has helped me relax.
Sayo: I have a good feeling about how my sound will be during practice tomorrow.
Tsugumi: Yes...  I also feel like today was time well spent.
Sayo: Perhaps it is through learning and experiencing joy by being with others... that one's own sound gradually takes shape.
Tsugumi: One's own sound...
Tsugumi: That's something we talked about the first time you came here...
Tsugumi: So, have you found it...? Your sound.
Sayo: Hmm... I think there is still plenty of room for improvement. That said...
Sayo: I can now say I like my sound, and I take a small amount of pride in the fact that I am able to say so.
Tsugumi: Sayo-san...
Sayo: What about you?
Tsugumi: I've also lately started thinking that there are more worlds that I want to explore with my keyboard.
Tsugumi: And I won't let myself stop moving forward because my growth should help Afterglow grow too.
Tsugumi: But I won't compare myself to others. I'll just do what I can, one step at a time. Eventually, that should let me start to see my sound.
Sayo: Hazawa-san...
Sayo: I am not surprised to see that you are still the same as you have always been.
Tsugumi: Yes, but the same also goes for you.
Sayo: ... That may be so, but there is one thing that has significantly changed about us both.
Sayo: We are now capable of being proud of who we are.
Sayo: That, more than anything, is what separates us the most from who we used to be.
Tsugumi: It really is...
Sayo: I think I understand now...
Sayo: The reason why the ending of the book made no mention of the two friends.
Sayo: It is now up to them to decide if they want their story to be good or bad.
Sayo: The author is someone who cares deeply for their characters, so rather than dictate their futures, they decided to leave everything in their hands.
Sayo: I almost gave up when I saw the café was closed...
Sayo: But by choosing to make the chocolate roll cake with everyone, I experienced even greater joy... And that is why I can now see the ending this way.
Tsugumi: ... That makes a lot of sense. Maybe the future is something you have to shape with your own hands, just like we did.
Sayo: Yes, I believe so.
Tsugumi: ... Anyway, should we finish organizing the kitchen? It's going to get dark soon.
Sayo: ...
Sayo: Excuse me, Hazawa-san.
Tsugumi: ...?
Sayo: If you do not mind... there is something I would like you to have...
Tsugumi: ... What is this...?
Sayo: You were the reason we went to that town, and you were also the reason we made our own chocolate roll cake.
Sayo: So I want to thank you.
Tsugumi: ... Is this what I think it is...?
Sayo: It was my first time making one... so... I am afraid the shape is far from perfect...
Tsugumi: A pressed flower... bookmark...
Tsugumi: Wow...! Thank you so much!
Tsugumi: I promise I'll take good care of it forever!
Tsugumi: ... Um, is it all right if I make you some tea? I want to thank you. It'll be your favorite kind, of course...
Tsugumi: Ah, wait, it's getting pretty late, isn't it...? How about tomorrow? Tomorrow after school. Could you come back here?
Sayo: Hazawa-san...
Sayo: Fufu. May I have just a cup then?
Sayo: There is still a little more time before dark.
Sayo: I cannot wait to have your tea.
Tsugumi: ... Then I won't keep you waiting!
(White cut)
