45_Kaoru Seta_R1 Rumored Prince

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Good day, my little kittens. You wouldn't mind if I state my name, would you?
Kaoru: Kaoru. Seta Kaoru. I wield the guitar for Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: …So fleeting...
Kaoru: Ah, please forgive my rudeness. Allow it to escape your memory. I cannot resist being awe-struck by that which is fleeting...
Kaoru: This small flower, blossoming in the field. We crossed paths earlier and now it refuses to leave my mind...
Kaoru: It is one of Seta's principals to never let private matters slip through these lips, but for the sake of Hello, Happy World!, I must...
Kaoru: Allow me to shed a glimmer of light on the existence of the human that is yours truly.
Kaoru: I participate in the theater club. My heart tells me that through such theatrics we can one day arrive at the truth.
Kaoru: Hm? What is "the truth?" As the great bard once said, "... till truth makes all things plain..."
Kaoru: That is what we mean when we say, "the truth."
Kaoru: ... That's too hard to understand?
Kaoru: I see. Allow me to explain... In other words, it is... exactly how it sounds.


<Performer's Posture>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Mmm, that went rather well. At this rate, I should have no problems with our studio rehearsal today.
Kaoru: Perhaps I shall get going...  Hm? Ah, what brings you here?
Kaoru: I was just practicing on my own before rehearsing with the band. Given the occasion, I want perform as well as I can... which is why I am here now.
Kaoru: Studio practice or not, an actor naturally approaches her practice as if it were the stage itself.
Kaoru: Any less... would be an insult to the other members, after all.
Kaoru: ... Haha, it is not a case of comradery.
Kaoru: Music and theatre are the same thing... Or at least, that is my belief.
Kaoru: Each member makes effort upon effort, and their combined prowess creates a beauty which captivates the audience... fufu.
Kaoru: Upon thinking about it like this, practicing on my own is the only option available to me.
Kaoru: ... Oh? It is now of all times, that you think I am cool?
Kaoru: If I were to unveil an oratory display befitting of the god Apollo...
Kaoru: Hm? Apollo is a male god, so you think it's a strange comparison...?
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: Well, it is but that.
Kaoru: Dear me, I seem to have been talking for quite some time. It is already past the time I should have entered the studio.
Kaoru: No, it is not your fault. Do not fret.
Kaoru: If a culprit must be named, then it must be the joy that has come from the conversation I shared with you.
Kaoru: Now then, you must excuse me.
Kaoru: We must say farewell to the joy we just shared as well. Well then, until we meet again.
