47_Kaoru Seta_R3 She Who Colors the World

Gacha phrase: You, my princess... You are a strong one.

<A Brush With Destiny…>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

Kaoru: Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage...
Kanon: Excuse me, is Kaoru-san- Ah.
Kaoru: Greetings, Kanon. Is everything okay? Your expression is that of a lost child.
Kanon: K-kokoro-chan said she wanted to get another picture of you... Sorry to bother you during your drama practice.
Kaoru: Ohh... Well, this is nothing of the sort. Watching the rays of the sun descend onto the courtyard, I hear the words of my beloved bard.
Kanon: I-I see. That's good. I was sure you were practic-
Kaoru: A blunder for which you cannot be blamed. I am a performer, after all.
Kanon: Uhm... Everything you say seems so lovely. Not that I'd be able to understand it.
Kaoru: Being the writer he was, he left behind a plethora of dramas and poems. His lines, his words... all, without fail, fleeting and beautiful...
Kaoru: Like the fresh, wet verdure. Certainly now, it is glistening, filled with effervescence. But at the hands of father time, it'll one day wither.
Kaoru: ... Fleeting, is it not...?
Kaoru: His words are gushing with this kind of transience... Ahh...! Even the tragedies! There is nothing I can do but to be smitten!
Kaoru: This burning pain in my breast... This fate I cannot flee... Kanon, you, too, must feel it. Do you not...?
Kanon: Huh?! Uhh?! I-I'm not sure I get it, but I can tell you really like his work...
Kaoru: "Like..." Love... But of course. On some level there is love. And on another, there is attachment...
Kanon: Attachment...?
Kaoru: Yes. The sentiment I feel towards him... It's not something that words can sufficiently communicate.
Kaoru: Take for example, that chipped vase...
Kanon: M-mhm.
Kanon: (What do I do...? Kokoro-chan wanted to use the picture of Kaoru-san to make a poster by the end of the day...)
Kaoru: ... Is what it ultimately comes down to. In other words, his words transcend this world, and even this univer-
Kaoru: Kanon? Are you alright? You're spacing out.
Kanon: Fue?!
Kanon: (Oh no... I wasn't listening.)
Kaoru: Ahh. So transparent. So undeniable. I should have realized sooner. You, too, have been seized by his words.
Kaoru: This was just another inevitability. We must not avoid our destiny.
Kanon: Uh-uhm, Kaoru-san. We have to take the pic-
Kaoru: No one can resist the desire to experience the words of the great bard.
Kanon: Huh? I just...
Kaoru: Please, this way. I've decided that during my time in the theater club, I would take part in nothing other than the dramas of the great bard.
Kaoru: Of these collections of dramas and scripts, you are free to take as many as your heart desires. For I have committed them all to memory.
Kanon: All of them?! There are dozens of books here... You really do like his work.
Kanon: (Ah... They all look really hard. But I can't refuse after she was nice enough to offer... )
Kanon: Okay... This one, I guess.
Kaoru: Macbeth...! Kanon, just as I expected from you. There's a line here that I was reciting earlier... Have a glance.
Kanon: Uhh... "To-morrow, and to-morrow, and to-morrow, Creeps in this petty pace from day to day..."
Kaoru: "Full of sound and fury, signifying nothing..."
Kanon & Kaoru: ...
Kanon: Uhm... Uhh. So, what is he trying to say?
Kaoru: ... Hm?
Kanon: If everyone in the world was an actor... what would this mean?
Kaoru: ...
Kanon: ...? Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Ah, ahh. My apologies. What would it mean...? It is a good question you ask.
Kanon: Uhh, so you're not sure what it means?
Kaoru: No... I wouldn't say that.
Kanon: T-then, what...
Kanon: (Even for someone like, Kaoru-san, who loves this poet so much, I guess there are still lines that are hard to understand.)
Kanon: ... No. Of course you know what it means. I know the problem!
Kanon: It's just... explaining something like this to someone like me would be way too much trouble, right? Sorry...
Kaoru: Well, yeah... No...
Kanon: It's okay. It's me. I'm not very smart, so it would take me a lot more time than anyone else to finally understand it.
Kanon: My English grade isn't too bad... but that's just because I do a lot of studying for the tests...
Kanon: Yeah, so... While I'm too obtuse to understand these complex pieces of work, I admire that you are able to, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Ob...tuse? But you were just talking about English class...
Kanon: I'll keep studying, so that one day you and I can talk about your favorite poet.
Kanon: By the way, what's Macbeth-san like...?
Kaoru: ... He's... a man. That's right, one amongst many.
Kanon: Kaoru-san, you're expressions are cool as always.
Kaoru: (Forgive me Kanon... I cannot admit that my limit is simple memorization.)


<Destined To Be Together>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

Kaoru: Ahh... and so the wind blows...
Kaoru: ... Hm? Ah, greetings. Fancy meeting you here.
Kaoru: ... No, I wasn't practicing lines for my next theatrical performance.
Kaoru: The words simply popped into my mind... and I recited them.
Kaoru: It's a line from a recital I did in the past... It was a very memorable role for me.
Kaoru: Of course, every role I have played thus far has been memorable...
Kaoru: But I have especially deep memories for this particular one.
Kaoru: If you have time to pull up a chair, would you care to listen to my tale...?
Kaoru: ... Thank you. I had a feeling you'd say that.
Kaoru: Just now, I mentioned a recital I once did, yes?
Kaoru: The truth of the matter is, when I returned to the clubroom after the recital, I had an encounter that was ordained by fate.
Kaoru: ... It was Kokoro and Kanon. They came to see me.
Kaoru: Kokoro was quite compelling in the way she asked me to join the band.
Kaoru: I have received many such offers in my time, but I was surprised at how straight she put things.
Kaoru: And as if guided by the hand of fate, we soon met Hagumi and Michelle as well...
Kaoru: The impression it left on me was like that of a bolt of lightning... Even now I still remember the events of that day in vivid detail.
Kaoru: Do you have powerful memories such as these...?
Kaoru: Thinking back on all the things I have experienced, there is still nothing that surpasses that experience.
Kaoru: ... My destiny was set on a different course after that day.
Kaoru: It sounds like I am being dramatic?
Kaoru: Maybe so, but I truly feel that way. Kokoro has the power to change people's destinies.
Kaoru: If Kokoro had not approached me, I would not be standing in front of you right now.
Kaoru: As an actress, I may play an instrument on occasion, but I don't think it is something I would have ever pursued on my own volition.
Kaoru: I have walked my path only as an actress, but now that I am in a band I feel my world has grown bigger.
Kaoru: It's hard to explain how exactly, but... playing in a band has it's own charm, different to that of acting.
Kaoru: I think by playing in a band I have become able to give even deeper performances than before.
Kaoru: Most likely because my world is bigger now.
Kaoru: Learning what I had not learned, experiencing what I had not experienced...
Kaoru: This is what makes my performances shine brighter now.
Kaoru: In the same manner, performing as an actor adds shine to my music...!
Kaoru: Music and acting are both special, irreplaceable things to me now...!
Kaoru: ... Phew, I got a little excited there, didn't I?
Kaoru: Whenever I think back on that day, passion just fills my heart.
Kaoru: I am truly glad that I met Kokoro, Kanon, Hagumi and Michelle.
Kaoru: It is because I met the others and joined a band, that I was able to meet you as well.
Kaoru: Fufu, you are an adorable little kitten when you show such a bashful look.
Kaoru: This is another thing that I can only enjoy because I joined the band.
Kaoru: I sometimes think about it.
Kaoru: About where I would be now if I had not met the others that day...
Kaoru: What do you think?
Kaoru: ... Indeed, I probably wouldn't be in a band.
Kaoru: Living the same life that I always had...
Kaoru: Ah, I must not. Thinking about such things has overcome me with fear.
Kaoru: I was not unhappy with my life, it is just the idea of no longer having my precious band...
Kaoru: Just thinking about it terrifies me.
Kaoru: It was written in the stars that we meet each other. We share the same destiny...
Kaoru: Yes, indeed. I am sure of it!
Kaoru: I have no doubt that we were together even in our former lives...
Kaoru: You think so too, do you not? That is why it is so much fun to play in this band, and why it fills us with happiness when we perform!
Kaoru: That sense of fulfilment is none other than destiny itself!
Kaoru: Now that I think about it... Perhaps it was all the workings of fate...
Kaoru: The fact we had a recital that day, the role that I performed... It was all destiny!
Kaoru: Does this mean... that my future is already decided as well?
Kaoru: That is both exciting and slightly frightening.
Kaoru: I wonder what fate awaits me...
Kaoru: Fu, I suppose there is no way of knowing.
Kaoru: Well, whatever fate has in store for me, I shall fulfil my duty.
Kaoru: Make the world smile... I will go where these words take me, and do just that.
Kaoru: No matter what hardship awaits me, I shall overcome it alongside my companions!
Kaoru: And on that note, I must be going.
Kaoru: I have a meeting with those who share my destiny.
Kaoru: I'm glad I ran into you today, my little kitten.
Kaoru: Are you going head to the live house now?
Kaoru: I see, it's too bad that I cannot walk you there myself. Do take care... See you around.
