191_Kaoru Seta_R4 My Former Nickname

Gacha phrase: Th-that's not funny...

<The Unbridled Princess>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Theater Club]

Club President: ... So, does anyone object to having Chisato Shirasagi as a guest performer?
All: No!
Club Member B: President! What will we be performing? Whether or not she agrees may depend on what we decide on.
Club President: That certainly makes sense... Kaoru-san, Maya-san.
Maya: Yes!
Club President: Can I have you two decide on what we should perform?
Maya: What?! Really? Just the two of us? Are you sure?
Club President: You two know her fairly well. Therefore, you should also have an idea of what kind of show suits her best.
Club President: Instead of us just going back and forth with our thoughts, it'd probably be better if you two thought about what'd be most appropriate.
Kaoru: I see. If that's what you had in mind, I will not disappoint, for our fates have been tied for quite some time now.
Maya: Understood! Kaoru-san, let's find something awesome!
Club President: Thank you. Once you two have decided on something, please let me know. With that, this meeting is adjourned. Everyone, have a wonderful evening.
All: You too!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Ahh... I've never quite anticipated a Culture Festival as I do at this very moment! Come to me now, long-awaited day!
Maya: I know how you feel, but first, we have to decide on what to perform! The theater club always puts on a classical piece during the festival... What about this year?
Kaoru: That is the tradition of the club. Wouldn't it be best if we create something magnificent that also holds true to those roots?
Maya: Wow... Sensible Kaoru-san, huh? Alright then, why don't we choose from one of the scripts we have in this room?
Maya: Still... Is it really okay if this decision is made by only us two?
Kaoru: We've been trusted with this responsibility as people who are well acquainted with Chisato. I believe we should be confident, don't you?
Maya: Kaoru-san... You're so down to earth today. Uhm, okay. Let's find something that'd be fitting for Chisato-san to be in.
Kaoru: Indeed. Hmm... Fitting for Chisato... I wonder what kind of work that would be.
Maya: When I think of Chisato, I think... of someone who's very neat and primped. Someone who's endearing...
Maya: She's the serious type and has a refined look... There's also a side of her that's supportive of the people around her, even when she won't receive recognition for it.
Maya: Hmm~, I wonder which side of Chisato-san we should focus on... Sure makes you think. Kaoru-san, what kind of image do you have of her?
Kaoru: Well... If I were to describe my image of Chisato in one word, I would say "fleeting"... I suppose.
Maya: Wahhh~, there it is! Sigh, that word tells me nothing. It's been more than a whole year of you just repeating it over and over!
Kaoru: It troubles me to hear you utter such words... Fufu, I only wish you would attempt to understand me a little more, Maya.
Maya: I've been trying... Really hard... Okay, I'll ask something a little more specific then. Which piece do you think would be the most fitting for Chisato-san?
Kaoru: Of course, it'd have to be the fleetin-
Maya: Without using the word "fleeting," please!
Kaoru: Hmm... How's Romeo and Juliet, then?
Kaoru: Juliet is unbridled in her ways, while simultaneously being tenacious at her core. A perfect fit for Chisato in my opinion.
Maya: Unbridled...? Can't say I expected that to be your reason!
Kaoru: Oh, really?
Maya: Really. I've never thought of Chisato-san as someone who is "unbridled in her ways"...
Maya: Hmm, so that's the kind of image you have of her. I only know the Pastel＊Palettes version of Chisato-san, so this is a new way of looking at her for me.
Kaoru: It's just another Chisato.
Maya: I'm sure there's a version of her that only you know about from being longtime friends, right? That's nice.
Kaoru: Well then, I'm going to make a call to Chisato, at once.
Maya: Do you think she'll do it?
Kaoru: But of course! I'm certain she will gladly accept. They say one must strike while the iron is hot, and that's what I will do. I will phone Chisato. Please, leave her to me.
Maya: Okay! Then I will let the president know what we decided on!
Maya: Chisato-san as Juliet, huh? I can't wait!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Ahh, Chisato. You've finally taken my call. Might you have been busy with work?
Kaoru: Huh? That's wasn't why? Fufu... Oh, how you play hard to get. It is that wild side of you tha-...
Kaoru: ... Hello? Hello? ... Disconnected...
Kaoru: Fufu... She really is an unbridled princess...
Kaoru: ... Fu, fufu...


<Experience Transience>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Café]

Student A: Kaoru-sama, your Romeo the other day was absolutely breathtaking!
Kaoru: You have my gratitude. To hear a lovely little kitten such as yourself say that to me... I am delighted.
Student B: Hey! How long are you gonna talk to Kaoru-sama?! What about my turn...?!
Kaoru: Fufu... I appreciate the sentiment, but... I must ask you not to quarrel amongst yourselves for my sake...
Student B: Kaoru-sama...!
Kaoru: For, to me, you are all the most precious of princesses.
Student A & B: Sh-she's amazing!
Kaoru: I will forever have open arms for two. Please grace me with your voices again someday.
Kaoru: ... Now, I must take my leave. Farewell.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Well, if it isn't {{userName}}-san. Greetings.
Kaoru: You caught a glimpse of my conversation earlier?
Kaoru: Please accept my apology for the commotion... Unfortunately, whenever anyone is confronted with my alluring presence, that is how they become.
Kaoru: There is nothing to be done about my outstanding beauty... Sorry, but this is just another part of my destiny.
Kaoru: Oh, how mere humans are powerless in the face of predetermined fate... So fleetin-
Kaoru: Hm? ... Ah, they referred to me as such because of the performance we put on at the Culture Festival the other day. I played Romeo.
Kaoru: They were simply stopping by to share their impressions with me.
Kaoru: As for Juliet, I asked Chisato to play the part.
Kaoru: This was because our performance would mark the 10-year anniversary for the theater club at the festival. We decided to have Chisato as a guest performer.
Kaoru: Oh? Is it truly that surprising for us to be a team?
Kaoru: I see... So I've never mentioned this. Actually, Chisato and I are longtime companions.
Kaoru: Certainly a long-term relationship is something, but I could feel our bond deepening as the rehearsals were added to the mix.
Kaoru: It was possibly... the sensation of our hearts simultaneously opening up, even wider than before.
Kaoru: Because of that, we were able to deliver a harmonious performance. Including the two girls from earlier, all of the spectators were elated.
Kaoru: I am glad we decided to ask Chisato to play Juliet. Without her, such a coordinated performance would certainly not have been possible.
Kaoru: In what way did our hearts open up?
Kaoru: Th-that...
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: That... is a secret, between Chisato and me. For me to carelessly divulge that information would be discourteous to her.
Kaoru: ...
Kaoru: ... Wh-why don't we talk about something else? Aren't you curious to know more about me? Go on, ask whatever your heart desires!
Kaoru: Why did I start acting?
Kaoru: That'd be because... My very soul demanded that I do so!
Kaoru: ... To be more specific, I began having an interest during my first year in middle school.
Kaoru: And that was my first time being dyed the color of theater.
Kaoru: With just one script, I transform into a different being. A shockwave is sent through me.
Kaoru: Then... The entirety of my life is decided by that one story. I experienced just how fleeting a human being truly is.
Kaoru: Furthermore, I felt the ability to become any character, to walk in the shoes of someone and experience the pleasures of a life I could never on my own.
Kaoru: That, is the reason I started acting. To summarize, it'd be because I felt that which is fleeting... of course.
Kaoru: That doesn't summarize it at all? Well, no need to fret.
Kaoru: You want to know about my everyday behavior?
Kaoru: It seems like I'm acting the part of a character...? Fufu, you and Chisato have expressed something very similar, but...
Kaoru: Isn't it obvious? I am I. This is me.
Kaoru: No matter which character I play when I'm on stage, I will always be me. So basically... You know...
