298_Kaoru Seta_R3 A Fleeting Creature

<A Clownfish's Appeal>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Aquarium]

Hagumi: Kano-chan-senpai! You brought the penguin home! That's great~.
Kanon: Mhm. But really, it was thanks to you guys.
Misaki: Alright, now that we're on our way out, let's go this way.
Kokoro: Awesome! We're gonna pass by the dolphin tank, right?!
Misaki: I mean, that's the whole reason we came in the first place, so since we're here, we should see them before we leave.
Kaoru: Precisely. Misaki and I are in agreement.
Hagumi: I wanna go~!
Misaki: But I'm gonna say this beforehand. You're not allowed to be noisy in the Aquarium. Especially you, Kokoro... Got it?
Kokoro: Of course! No problem!
Misaki: ... Are you sure?
Kaoru: Hahaha. Misaki's concerns are not unfounded. Kokoro does have an endless amount of energy.
Misaki: I have my concerns about you too, Kaoru-san...
Kanon: Misaki-chan. Which area are the dolphins in?
Misaki: Alright. Why don't we get going?
Kaoru: At last, the encounter with the dolphins. How exhilarating.
(Black cut)
Misaki: The dolphin tank is up ahead...
Kaoru: I must say, all of these aquatic creatures are extraordinarily mystical.
Kokoro: Whoa~, that crab is jumbo~! I bet it'd be super duper tasty!
Misaki: Keep remarks like that to yourself while you're here.
Kaoru: ... C-could it be?
Misaki: Hm? Kaoru-san...? Something wrong?
Kaoru: ... S-so fleeting.
Misaki: H-hey! You can't just take off! What happened?!
Kaoru: I-it's... It's...
Misaki: Kaoru-san, what's gotten into you?
Kaoru: Feast your eyes, Misaki... upon this tank...
Misaki: This tank? What about it?
Kaoru: It's so fleeting... Can you comprehend it, Misaki? This kind of fleeting...?
Misaki: Uhh... "Clownfish"... Okay?
Kaoru: Indeed. Clownfish... They're such fleeting creatures...
Misaki: ... What? Fleeting...? Wh-why's that?
Hagumi: You guys wouldn't come back, so we came to you... Ah! Clownfish!
Kokoro: Clownfish...? Is that what these are? Their colors are really cute!
Kanon: Wow, their eyes are so round. It is kinda cute.
Misaki: St-still... What exactly is so fleeting?
Kaoru: Focus your gaze on these little ones! Expressions full of life, bodies covered in multiple hues...
Kaoru: And they're constantly concealing their existence amid the sea anemones in order to protect against their natural predators. A fragile, fleeting creature.
Misaki: Clownfish do that...? I didn't know.
Kokoro: But they're having a lot of fun with the sea anemones! I'm sure the clownfish are happy!
Kaoru: K-Kokoro...! That's a brilliant way of looking at it.
Misaki: More importantly, how long are you two gonna stay there?
Misaki: Let's hurry up and go see the dolphins. That's the whole reason why we came here, right?
Kaoru: You're right. My apologies. I was captivated before I even realized it.
Kaoru: Frankly, I wouldn't avert my gaze for an eternity if I had the chance... But I suppose this is destiny... I understand. Let us go.
Kanon: To think that Kaoru-san would know so much about clownfish... That was a bit unexpected.
Kokoro: There are many sides to us all! It's not weird that Kaoru might like clownfish!
Misaki: Yeah yeah yeah, I think we've heard enough. We're going~.


<An Adventurous Tale>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE - Outside]

Kaoru: Greetings, {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence it is to run into you here.
Kaoru: ... Hm? We're standing in front of your workplace?
Kaoru: Fufu, how perceptive you are to have pointed that out. Not only are our destinies not coincidences, but they are inevitable... Basically, you understand what I'm saying.
Kaoru: ... Indeed, it is as your eyes have presented it to you. I was just having tea.
Kaoru: Today we have band rehearsal, but it appears that I have arrived before the necessary time.
Kaoru: Well, I suppose that's not entirely accurate... Perhaps I'd be more precise by stating that I believed rehearsal time to be an hour earlier than it was originally proposed to be.
Kaoru: Regardless, as you are witnessing, I was able to have tea before rehearsal, and so it's simply water under the bridge now.
Kaoru: Hm? Could it be that you're on a break?
Kaoru: If that be the case, may I ask you to join me for a cup?
Kaoru: I've begun to grow weary of this solo act. If you could be my partner in idle chat until the others have arrived, I'd be beyond delighted.
Kaoru: Do not fret. I do not foresee boring you with my story.
Kaoru: The other day, Hello, Happy World! had an encounter of the mysterious kind. I'm certain this story will be of entertainment to thee.
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems you're anxious to hear what happened.
Kaoru: If so, please make yourself comfortable in that chair beside you...
Kaoru: And allow me to share with you the adventure of Hello, Happy World! and the lost penguin.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ... That is, basically, what happened.
Kaoru: They say that truth is stranger than fiction, do they not?
Kaoru: I would have never imagined an encounter like that could occur in this town, even in my wildest dreams.
Kaoru: Still, it was a truly, wonderful experience.
Kaoru: Everyone coming together and putting forth their greatest effort... It's just so fleeting. Absolutely fantastic.
Kaoru: I am grateful to that penguin for setting those events into motion.
Kaoru: Especially considering how deeply moved I was to watch Kanon on that day.
Kaoru: Kanon, the reserved, timid, little kitten, wore an expression that exhibited a truly powerful determination. It was positively stunning.
Kaoru: Undoubtedly, her genuine will to help the penguin manifested itself as a level of courage that was above that of which Kanon typically possesses.
Kaoru: Seeing her like that reminded me of something.
Kaoru: Taking things head-on in earnest is of great importance.
Kaoru: Ah, but please do not misinterpret my words. That's not to say that I am not habitually taking things on in earnest.
Kaoru: No matter the occasion, I try to do so. Especially as an actress when I'm performing.
Kaoru: Acting means that you must become someone who you are not.
Kaoru: Taking on such a challenge with half-baked effort will never result in a successful realization of that character.
Kaoru: You must be prepared to devote yourself to that role and face it with sincerity.
Kaoru: And that is why when I watched Kanon, I truly felt, once again, the importance of doing so.
Kaoru: ... Hm? You think that my theater performances are amazing?
Kaoru: Thank you. I am both grateful and honored to hear you say that.
Kaoru: I intend to continue putting on performances that do not bring shame upon my roles. And I'm able to because I've consistently improved since my initial encounter with Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: I came to understand the pleasure of acting. Then I came to know that wonderful band...
Kaoru: As one simple actress of the world, surely I am blessed.
Kaoru: Using what I learn from the band as I act, and using what I learn from theater when I'm with Hello, Happy World!... If I am able to do so, the magnificence created would likely be unprecedented.
Kaoru: ... Ah, that reminds me. Would you mind if I send you an invitation to my next performance?
Kaoru: It is but a small token of gratitude for your compliment regarding my acting.
Kaoru: Not to mention, I am quite curious to hear what impressions you form of it.
Kaoru: I'm very much delighted that you'd be excited about this public performance.
Kaoru: ... Oh? Would that be Misaki and the others? Fufu, well it seems the little kittens of Hello, Happy World! have arrived.
Kaoru: Now, I shall bid you farewell.
Kaoru: And I must thank you for listening to my story and allowing me to pass the time in a fulfilling way.
