424_Kaoru Seta_R2 Dance of Encouragement

<A Message Delivered By Sound>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kaoru: In my hands I hold pamphlets about our beloved Theatre Club's next performance. Think of them as my invitation to you, my adorable little kittens. Will you accept these gifts of mine?
Kaoru: Ah~, please, no pushing. Worry not, my dears. I have prepared more than enough for everyone.
Kaoru: (... Ahh... To think so many little kittens would be charmed by my beauty...! How fleeting...!
Kaoru: (This does create a problem, however. A crowd has formed. I can't hand out flyers like this...)
Kaoru: (What's more, there may even be little kittens who have yet to notice my presence...)
Kaoru: (Now how should I go about getting their attention...?)
Kaoru: Hm...? Could it be...?
Kaoru: ... My little kittens, you will have to excuse me.
Kaoru: My deepest apologies, my darlings. I will return to you all shortly. I'll be but a moment.
Kaoru: (That beautiful hair that glistens in the light of the sun... It can only be...!)
Kaoru: Kanon, a moment of your time!
Kanon: Ah, Kaoru-san...?
Kanon: So that crowd of people was your doing?
Kaoru: What, you noticed? If so, you could have called out to me...
Kanon: Pushing through that crowd just to say hi didn't seem like a good idea...
Kaoru: Fufu, such modesty... As usual, Kanon, you are such a fleeting creature...
Kaoru: But never mind that, Kanon. May I ask why you are holding a marching snare drum?
Kanon: Ah, ehehe... This is from the Fluffy Mascot Competition the other day. I got it from the suits, but it turns out it actually belongs to the downtown district...
Kanon: I haven't had the chance to return it yet, so I thought I'd head over now and do just that.
Kaoru: Ah, the competition, of course. Even now, I can recall your shining radiance as you beat upon-... Ah! Eureka!
Kanon: E-eureka...? Uhm... Did you find something?
Kaoru: Kanon, I beg of thee. Lend me thy drumming prowess.
Kanon: Huh? What? Fueee~...
(Black cut)

[A Few Minutes Later]

Kanon: Th-theatre Club performance coming soon~. P-please take a flyer~.
Kaoru: Kanon! Project your voice further. Straighten your back and face forward.
Kaoru: I know that you can shine even brighter! Yes, just like the day of the competition!
Kaoru: Ahh~... Truly lady luck is on my side! Behold, Kanon!
Kaoru: Look at this crowd, brought together by your intoxicating melodies. Ah~... So fleeting...!
Kaoru: Thanks to you, I can present even more kittens with invitations!
Kanon: (All I wanted was to return this drum... This is way more than I bargained for...)
Kaoru: Now, Kanon! Release the music within your soul!
Kanon: (Ohh~... This is so humiliating... S-still... This is something... I have to do!)
Kanon: (... It may be embarrassing, but it also brings back some memories. This is like the time I played with Kokoro-chan when I first met her.)
Kanon: (I was going to sell my drums... But then I met Kokoro-chan... And somehow we ended up doing a performance...)
Kaoru: Kanon, what a marvelous sound! Yes, with this, everyone can clearly hear your feelings of joy...!
Kaoru: Let us continue our merry-making, Kanon! Then even more people will find delight in-
Kaoru: Gasp...! What's this...?!
Kanon: K-Kaoru-san? What's wrong?
Kaoru: That invitation... It appears it was the last one.
Kaoru: And here I thought I'd prepared more than enough. It seems that because of your playing, I was able to hand out more than I expected.
Kaoru: Thank you, Kanon. I am in your debt.
Kanon: That's good. It was a little nerve-racking... But I'm glad I could help. Anyways, I'm off to return this drum. See you later.
Kaoru: Ah... Please wait.
Kanon: Huh? Wh-what is it...?
Kaoru: I may have distributed all the invitations... but I wish to continue promoting the Theatre Club.
Kaoru: And in order to make my promotion all the more alluring, I need your sound!
Kaoru: Now, Kanon! Will you lend me your strength once more?!
Kanon: (M-more people are already gathering...)
Kanon: H-how long... will I have to keep drumming~?!


<Equal Love>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Kaoru: Greetings. Seems you're the only one here today.
Kaoru: Our band practice is soon, but I would hate to make my little kittens wait, so I came over at my earliest convenience.
Kaoru: ... However, it seems I am a tad too early. I think I shall perhaps unwind in the lounge while I wait.
Kaoru: Our reservation is not for another hour and a half, you say...? Well, no matter.
Kaoru: ... Hm? That poster yonder is for the Fluffy Mascot Competition, correct?
Kaoru: What a glorious day that was. Watching as all those mascots compete against each other with all their might... Ahh~, so fleeting...!
Kaoru: Oh, did you know about this magnificent spectacle?
Kaoru: Naturally, we were there. Our Michelle was one of the participants, after all.
Kaoru: There, we witnessed the appearance of Michelle's rival, Marie Andromeda. I look back on it, and oh, what a marvelous competition it was.
Kaoru: I was cheering her on, but I also assisted her with the ballroom dance portion of the competition. If only you could have seen it...
Kaoru: What was Michelle's dancing like? It was adorable... A truly fleeting dance!
Kaoru: She was rather bashful at first, but with time, she allowed me to lead the way...
Kaoru: To tell you the truth, I was slightly concerned. Michelle embarrasses fairly easily, and she tends to be quite reserved, don't you think?
Kaoru: Her constant disappearing without warning is proof of that. So I was worried she wouldn't be able to trust me.
Kaoru: But she did, and now, thanks to our sensational ballroom dance together, I feel our bond is stronger than ever!
Kaoru: Ah... What fun we had.
Kaoru: I've heard they're already starting preparations for next year's festivities. One can't help but feel excited.
Kaoru: To think that next year, we may dance again... Ah... So fleeting...!
Kaoru: That dance taught me a valuable lesson. If you wish to get closer to someone, it is best to forget idle chit-chat and work out your feelings by following along with the beat.
Kaoru: The next time you find someone you wish to get acquainted with, I highly recommend the world of dance.
Kaoru: ... That is one of the many reasons I'm so looking forward to next year. Other than Michelle, there's someone else I'd like to get closer to.
Kaoru: Who do you think that is? Fufu... 'Tis none other than Marie Andromeda.
Kaoru: Unfortunately, it seems I missed my chance this time around. Next year, however, I intend to befriend our little Marie Andromeda. She was such a fleeting rabbit.
Kaoru: No... I shall become friends with not only Marie, but with all the mascots!
Kaoru: They were all so fantastic, after all. Of course, that includes Michelle and Marie.
Kaoru: What's the matter? Your expression conveys confusion.
Kaoru: Ahh, yes. Mascot, human, it matters not. My love does not discriminate.
Kaoru: Once the bonds of friendship have been formed, I shall come here and introduce you to all of my new fluffy companions.
Kaoru: That, dear friend, is a promise.
Kaoru: Hm? Speaking of mascots, it appears Michelle has arrived.
Kaoru: With that, I must bid you adieu. We shall have to continue our discussion of Marie some other time.
Kaoru: Fufu, I hope you're looking forward to it.
