448_Kaoru Seta_R4 A Fleeting Performance

Gacha phrase: What a splendid performance, if I do say so myself. Ah~, so fleeting...

<Let Strange Things Be>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[After School]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Class 2A]

Lisa: Kaoru and Hina sure are courageous~. And then, there's me... Sigh~.
Hina: What's up, Lisa-chi~? Something wrong?
Kaoru: Ahh~, Lisa... What a melancholic face... Tell me, what is it that troubles you such that you must sigh?
Lisa: Well~... Remember when we were looking into the well from the seven mysteries during cleaning day?
Lisa: I was just thinking about how you two weren't scared at all~...
Hina: Yeah, you and Ran-chan were pretty freaked out, weren't you?!
Kaoru: Fufu, seeing you two quiver in fear like two little rabbits was so endearing and yet, so fleeting.
Lisa: Oh~, stop it~!
Lisa: I'm so bad with that scary stuff~... I get all panicky and completely forget what's going on around me.
Lisa: So I thought you two being brave was really cool~.
Kaoru: Fufu... 'Tis nothing you need to fret about, Lisa. We all have our fears.
Hina: Yeah, Kaoru-kun's right~! You and I are two separate people! Of course we're gonna be different!
Hina: If it were me, I'd want to meet a ghost, but you couldn't say the same, right, Lisa-chi?
Lisa: No way! Not happening! Absolutely not! Wait, Hina, what exactly would you do if you ever did meet one?
Hina: Hm~... Probably check if they really didn't have feet, or if you really can see through them!
Hina: Oh, and I want to ask why they became a ghost! Not just anyone can become one, right~?
Lisa: Urgh... You're going to get yourself cursed asking stuff like that! You sure are curious...
Hina: What~? Really~? You think ghosts are that moody~?
Hina: Ah, but I'll be fine as long as you're with me, Kaoru-kun! You're really interesting, so I'm sure you'd get along great with them!
Kaoru: H-how can you be so sure...? Come now, ghosts are all so delicate, so temperamental... I doubt they would even notice just how fleeting my existence is.
Hina: Aw~, you really think so?
Kaoru: I've played the part of a ghost, have I not? I not only think so, I know so! So please, enough of this ghost nonsense!
Hina: I see~. I really want to know though... We didn't get to meet the ghost of the well, after all...
Hina: Not to mention, Maya-chan struck down the rumor by proving it's not even one of the seven mysteries.
Hina: ... Ah! I've got it! Why don't we take this opportunity to check out the other mysteries of our school?!
Kaoru: What...?!
Lisa: Huh?! No way! Count me out~!!
Hina: Come on, it'll be fun~! Don't you want to see the "Moving Anatomy Model" in real life?
Kaoru: I-it moves...?!
Lisa: No, no, no! Not happening! Not even in the daylight!
Hina: Alright, how about the "Strangers in the Mirror" rumor? That one's super interesting!
Lisa: Wait... That's the story about the mirror that shows you someone else's face rather than your own, right...?
Kaoru: ...!
Lisa: Definitely not~! My heart would stop if some stranger showed up in my mirror! Even someone I know would be bad!
Hina: Really~? A mirror that shows someone else's face would be so interesting... Don't you think, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: More importantly... I think your curious spirit adds to your charm, Hina. It's so fleeting.
Kaoru: However, we seem to be frightening poor Lisa. I can't have that. So please, let us forget about the seven mysteries. For her sake.
Lisa: K-Kaoru~!
Hina: I suppose you're right. Alright, then you and I will just have to do it ourselves!
Kaoru: What....?
Hina: With the two of us on the case, I'm sure we can solve every one of the seven mysteries of Haneoka Girls' Academy!
Kaoru: W-well...
Hina: Right, Kaoru-kun?!
Kaoru: My gravest apologies, but I, too, must decline. Uncovering the truth is not what it's all about.
Hina: Huh~?! Why not?
Kaoru: Allow me to put it thusly... Isn't a mystery at its most exhilarating when the answer eludes us?
Kaoru: I understand your thirst for knowledge, but the thrill of imagining the unknown can be fleeting all the same.
Hina: Hmm~, so not knowing is more boppin' for you, huh? You sure are funny, Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: I see you understand my feelings. That is all that matters. Phew...
Lisa: Hmm~...
Kaoru: Wh-whatever is the matter, Lisa?
Lisa: Maybe I'm just imagining things, but Kaoru, are you actually afraid of ghosts...?
Kaoru: ...! Wh-whatever gave you that idea...?!
Lisa: Call it a hunch...
Kaoru: L-Lisa, what a vivid imagination you have...! Me? Afraid of ghouls and goblins? The very idea is simply absurd.
Lisa: I-I see. I suppose you're right...
Lisa: (Is it just me, or did Kaoru's voice sound shriller than usual...? Oh well, whatever.)


<The Legend of Kaoru?>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Ah! Welcome to CiRCLE, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: ... Oh, have you been cleaning? CiRCLE looks absolutely radiant today, more so than usual.
Marina: Ahaha, hearing you say that makes it all worthwhile.
Marina: We tidy up every day, but some stuff just requires a bit more elbow grease. So {{userName}}-san and I did some heavy duty cleaning today.
Kaoru: Ah~, an excellent idea. There are certainly times where a more thorough cleansing is in order.
Kaoru: In fact, we had a similar function at my school the other day. We set aside the whole day to focus on making our school spotless.
Marina: Wow, sounds like quite the event~! You are there all the time. I bet it feels great to get it clean. That's great!
Kaoru: Yes, with our combined strength, we transformed our school into a thing of beauty... And I was reminded of just how noble and fleeting that act truly is.
Kaoru: However, we did much more than cleaning. The memories we made that day will stay with us until the end of time...
Marina: ...? Did something happen?
Kaoru: Worry not, it was nothing serious. Let's just say the area we were assigned had an interesting past.
Marina: A-an interesting past?!
Kaoru: Yes, for you see, it was a place listed amongst the seven mysteries of our school. A well that drags you in if you look into it.
Marina: You were cleaning in such a scary place?! Th-that had to be tough...!
Kaoru: Indeed. Until then, I was completely ignorant of such rumors. Had I known, perhaps I would have refrained from perusing the area for my rehear-
Kaoru: ... My apologies, I'm speaking nonsense. The stories were of little concern to me. However, Lisa and Ran-chan were terribly afraid.
Kaoru: So in order to put their hearts at ease, we decided to investigate these frightful tales.
Marina: Wow~! Sounds scary, but I bet it was a lot of fun too! So did you find out the truth?
Kaoru: Indeed we did. They were simple rumors after all. Another student saw Hina and myself interacting and mistook it for something else.
Marina: Huh? You mean, you and Hina-chan caused the rumors about the well?
Kaoru: Yes. A little kitten spotted me practicing for my role as ghost in an upcoming play. It seems they thought I was the real deal.
Marina: And that's how it all started...
Kaoru: I never thought I'd become the subject of a famous ghost story.
Kaoru: Hm? Is it weird for me that I was mistaken for a ghost?
Kaoru: Not at all. It simply means my rehearsal went so well that my audience confused reality with fiction.
Kaoru: With but one performance, the entire school was paralyzed with fear... What's truly frightening here is the limitlessness of my talent.
Marina: Ahaha... You sure know how to look on the bright side, Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: But of course. I am always optimistic.
Kaoru: It is my hope to have even more fleeting performances in the future, so that they, too, may become legend.
Kaoru: Ah, that's right. Perhaps I should create something for CiRCLE as well. What do you think?
Kaoru: Tales of my performance will be whispered amongst the patrons for ages to come.
Marina: Huh...?
Kaoru: Would it not be interesting to have your own version of the seven mysteries of Haneoka Girls' Academy right here at CiRCLE?
Kaoru: A phantom that appears every night at the live house... The tragic soul of a guitarist... Sounds intriguing, no?
Kaoru: What sort of tale would transform this place into something truly fleeting...? Fufu, it seems we have much planning to do.
Marina: Uhhh, yeah~, I think we're okay for now~. I appreciate the thought though. Thank you, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: Are you sure? Well then, perhaps some other time.
Kaoru: If you ever have the need for a fleeting story, please feel free to call upon me. You need not hesitate.
