464_Kaoru Seta_R3 I'm Here with You

<The Adventurer's Guide>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kanon: Ah, Hagumi-chan, Kaoru-san, you're both already here...! Sorry I made you wait.
Hagumi: No need to be! I just got here myself!
Kaoru: The fluster is unnecessary. Take a peek at your clock. You'll see that the scheduled time for assembling has yet to come.
Kanon: Oh, you're right. Kokoro-chan and Misaki-chan are still on their way.
Hagumi: And Michelle!
Kanon: O-oh, yeah. Right. I think she'll probably be too busy again today to come...
Kanon: So why are we all meeting up today?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, you were the one who told us to come, right?
Kaoru: Indeed. I have something to share with my princesses.
Kaoru: I suppose a lot of time remains... How about we converse a bit about it before Kokoro and Misaki arrive?
Hagumi: Yeah! I wanna know already!
Kaoru: It's related to the vacation day upon which we will embark on that treasure hunt.
Kaoru: I'm certain you can all hardly contain your excitement and your expectations are through the roof. However, we are nothing more than ignorant in the ways of adventuring...
Kaoru: We are basically the innocent lambs of the treasure-hunting world, and I believe if we headed out now, peril would be in our futures.
Kaoru: So for thee, my adorable, cuddly youngsters, I have created this. It will assist you in your evolution into a seasoned adventurer.
Kanon: A handmade pamphlet...? It says "Adventurer's Guide"...
Hagumi: Wow! Awesome! It's like the ones that tell you how to prepare for a trip!
Kaoru: I've written the knowledge necessary for you all to stay safe.
Kanon: Uhm, but... you've never been on one of these either, right...?
Kaoru: That is correct. However, in order to write this, I've ventured into the world of literature, and I've come to understand the feeling of being an adventurer from those novels.
Kaoru: I should have no trouble conveying the most essential points. There's no need to worry, Kanon.
Kanon: O-okay... So what did you actually write?
Hagumi: I'll read some of it! Let's see... "Do not bring snacks that will take up a lot of space." "Get a good night's rest the day before"...
Kanon: It really does seem like an actual guide...
Kaoru: These points are quite important. A bulky bag will only become a burden during our journey.
Kaoru: Furthermore, a lack of sleep will leave you yearning for the moment you can count sheep again... This is hazardous, indeed.
Kanon: Y-yeah, I guess that could be true...
Kanon: (I wonder which books she actually read...)
Kanon: So, there's more advice written in there, right...?
Hagumi: "The key to a perfect adventure is..." Hm? It ended, just like one of those pamphlets.
Kanon: What? But there are more pages.
Hagumi: And those have... Whoa! Look at all these pictures of Kaoru-kun!
Kanon: H-how come you're in this guide...? And what's with all of the poems...?
Kaoru: A selection from the great Goethe. I've taken the liberty of choosing some of my favorites.
Kaoru: Adventures are not all fun and games. At times, you will encounter discomfort, difficulty, pain.
Kaoru: It is during moments like those that I hope these fleeting photos and wonderful words will lift your spirits.
Hagumi: Oh! That's why you did this!
Kanon: Are you sure we need it when you'll be right there with us...?
Kaoru: I stayed up day and night completing it. I hope it will be of use to you all.
Kanon: I-it took you that long to make...?
Kaoru: I'm afraid time was an issue when selecting the photos. Every single one of them is capable of tugging at the heartstrings.
Kaoru: I was prepared to include them all, but after considering how thick and heavy the guide would become, I abandoned the idea.
Hagumi: You sure put in a lot of effort just to help us out!
Hagumi: Thanks, Kaoru-kun! I think as long as we have this, our treasure hunt should go well!
Kaoru: Ahhh! Hagumi, how it pleases me to hear you utter such words!
Kanon: (I'm not sure why, but they're starting to get all worked up. What do I do...?)
Kanon: (Ohhh, Misaki-chan, hurry...!)


<Shocking Island Trip>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Record Shop]

Kaoru: If it isn't {{userName}}-san. Greetings. Are you here on a quest to find a fleeting melody?
Kaoru: So you've come searching for a specific CD? That means our objectives are one and the same.
Kaoru: I, too, seek a specific type of song. However, it is not one made by any particular person.
Kaoru: What I pursue, if I had to say, is the music for an adventurer.
Kaoru: One for surviving hardships, for obtaining prestige... Something that creates a fleeting scene overflowing with wonder...
Kaoru: Hm? A role...? Ohh, no. This isn't for preparing to play a character on stage.
Kaoru: The members of Hello, Happy World! and I returned from a grand adventure the other day. I'm searching for music that would allow me to indulge in those memories.
Kaoru: Oh? It seems someone is interested in hearing about our journey.
Kaoru: If you're truly that intrigued, I shall gladly reveal the details to you. I wouldn't want such a magnificent story to fade into history because it was hardly spoken of.
Kaoru: Now, listen up as I go over the thrilling tale, "Hello, Happy World! and the Hidden Pirate Treasure."
Kaoru: We begin our adventure at the residence of Kokoro with a newly-discovered map. It only took a single glance to realize that this would guide us to a pirate treasure...
Kaoru: After overcoming many perilous obstacles, we finally obtained the valuable item we sought: a dinosaur fossil. There, we found the remnants of a fantastical and prehistoric beast.
Kaoru: ... That is the end of our journey.
Kaoru: To think we'd discover a fossil in an attempt to uncover pirate treasure. Such an unexpected development.
Kaoru: Still, what we found is completely irrelevant. It matters not whether we uncovered pirate treasure or a dinosaur fossil.
Kaoru: It's not as if we embarked on our journey to the southern islands for the sole purpose of finding jewels or gold.
Kaoru: It was the very journey itself that was our goal.
Kaoru: It was a delightful trip considering it all from that perspective. One filled with precious moments with treasured companions.
Kaoru: And so, for me, the creature's bones cannot compare to the memories with Hello, Happy World! that I wish to always hold dear.
Kaoru: That is a fleeting treasure that will continue to radiate within the depths of my heart for eternity...
Kaoru: Marvelous, don't you think?
Kaoru: ... Fufu, I knew you would understand.
Kaoru: Ahh, somewhat related: would you happen to have time after this? There's something I could use your help with.
Kaoru: I mentioned that I'm looking for music suitable to adventure, correct? It seems that a lot of time is wasted if I look on my own.
Kaoru: If it would be of little trouble, I'd appreciate a hand.
