516_Kaoru Seta_R4 Please Accept This

Gacha phrase: They await my... nay, our advent with bated breath!

<In the Same Role Part 1>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[School Path]

Kaoru: This is a flyer for our upcoming concert. Come sear my gallant visage into those starlit eyes.
Kaoru: You would like a second copy? Ah, for your companion. How thoughtful of you. Here you are.
Kaoru: ... And with that, my supply is exhausted. Hastily has my duty been... Hm?
Arisa: Please come see our concert~. Here, please have a flyer~...
Hina: What's this? Arisa-chan, you've barely made a dent in your stack. You're gonna have to work harder than that.
Arisa: Y-y-y-yeah, I know what I have to do! But I'm not cut out for this... Knowing when to make a move is hard, you know!
Hina: Is it? Just say please and thank you, and they should be gone in no time flat.
Arisa: Ngh, I just explained how tough that is for me... Sigh. Please come see our concert~...
Arisa: ... This is ridiculous. I can't get rid of a single one. How did I get stuck with flyer duty? There has to be someone better for this...
Kaoru: Oh my, and here lies a little kitten afflicted with timidity.
Arisa: C-come check out... Girls Band Party... Ugh, I wanna go home...
Kaoru: A delicate wayside flower, on the cusp of blooming, hurled to and fro by the chaotic winds of life.
Arisa: Huh?
Kaoru: Subdue your brilliance, oh dazzling figure, lest you tear my heart asunder! Could it be...? Yes! This is the destiny for which I have longed...!
Kaoru: Therefore, I shall heed your call. Therefore, I shall shepherd you. Whisk your petals away to a grand tomorrow!
Arisa: Whoa! What're you rambling on ab-... ... Wait, what're you planning to do without any flyers?!
Kaoru Fan 1: K-Kaoru...? I feel like I'm dreaming. Kaoru, down on one knee, before my very eyes...
Kaoru Fan 2: She even takes the initiative to approach those fans who are too timid to call out to her... Kaoru is amazing! Just... incredible!
Kaoru: But of course. From the most assertive of lions to the meekest of kittens, every member of my audience is irreplaceable.
Kaoru: You, too, are also interested in my upcoming performance, yes? Alas, my tidings are grave, for my cache of flyers has run dry.
Kaoru: Fate seeks to deride us! I beg... Yes, beg of you to not forget about our upcoming concert to be held at the CiRCLE live house.
Kaoru Fan 1: W-we will! It's a shame about the flyers, though. I would've liked one...
Kaoru: My apologies. Forgive me and my incompetence...
Arisa: W-wow~. All this scene needs is a flower backdrop. ... Hold up, now's not the time for gawking!
Arisa: I still have some flyers! Here, please help yourselves!
Kaoru Fan 1: Th-thank you very much!
Kaoru: An outstanding display! Your timing is impeccable, Arisa-chan!
Arisa: Sigh... thank you. Uhm, I still have a considerable amount left over. You're more than welcome to help yoursel-
Kaoru: Now! The little kittens, they yearn for my presence! They await my... nay, our advent with bated breath!
Arisa: Wait, not yet! Please take some of the flyers... Ugh! I said to please hold on a minute~!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Yes, a concert! Guaranteed to please! The details of which are inscribed upon our flyers, though I, unfortunately, have none... to offer you...
Arisa: I said I still have plenty! Er, I mean... Ohoho. The details of our performance are listed here. Please take one~.
Kaoru: What was that? You also desire a flyer? Fufu, your prayers have been answered, little kitten. For that is why I have traversed to this very locale.
Kaoru: ... Say it isn't so. Pardon me, little kitten. My oath was a fallacy. Mere minutes ago, I distributed every last-
Arisa: Am I talking to myself...? Oh well, whatever. Here, please take one.
Arisa: And please have a second one for your... uhm, friend? Help yourselves.
Kaoru Fan 3: A-are you sure?
Arisa: Y-yes. Of course. We're looking forward to seeing you there.
Passerby: Neat, a concert. Where do you think it'll be held? Let's go pick up a flyer~.
Arisa: ...! Uhm... here, please take one.
Arisa: We will be holding a concert called Girls Band Party. The same one shown on the flyer. We hope you'll come join us.
Arisa: Ah, and here's one for you. It's not much, but help yourself to a flyer!
Kaoru: Well, well... Fufu. How quickly the blossom has reached full bloom.
Arisa: Please come see Girls Band Party...!
(Black cut)
Arisa: I-I did it~...!
Kaoru: Admirable performance! You have succeeded in issuing every last one from your bloated reserves!
Kaoru: Truly remarkable, in hindsight. A fleeting display of advertisement distribution, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Uhh, 'fleeting'? It's not like I did anything special... Though I did breathe a huge sigh of relief when it was all over.
Hina: Hey, Arisa-chan finished handing hers out before us! No fair, hiring Kaoru-kun to help you~!
Hagumi: Huh?! Flyer duty with Kaoru-kun? She's so lucky! I wanna join in! Put me up on your shoulders! Way up high!
Hina: Hahaha, maybe I'll perch myself up on Arisa-chan's, then~♪
Arisa: Do I look like a bodybuilder to you?!
Kaoru: Fufu. Four musketeers, striving toward a common goal... Glorious.
Kaoru: Only a little ways to go, comrades. With our combined forces, we can overcome this quest of leaflet administration with flair!


<In the Same Role Part 2>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Arisa Ichigaya, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Hina Hikawa)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Good work, everyone! You got that done rather quickly.
Hagumi: Hehehe! I put in 500-percent effort! Maybe higher!
Hina: All the thanks can probably go to Kaoru-kun, if you ask me.
Marina: Hehe. Things seem to be taking shape over on the song-writing side, as well. Kasumi-chan said there are parts where the strengths of all five bands will shine through. She seemed satisfied with it.
Marina: Why not go have a look for yourselves? You just might have a chance to hear the newly-completed track.
Hagumi: Really?! Feet, don't fail me now!
Hina: I'm going, too~! Wait up, Hagumi-chan~!
Arisa: Their batteries never run dry, do they? All I want to do is plop down and rest, but I can't very well say that if I'm the only one who's tired...
Marina: Hehe. It's good to be young~. Arisa-chan, Kaoru-san. You're not going to the studio?
Arisa: Me? Well, I-
Kaoru: ... I believe I will first partake in a moment of repose. Will you not join me, Arisa-chan?
Arisa: Huh?! S-sure, I suppose...
Marina: Hm. In that case, it may be better if you both went to the cafeteria. You probably won't get any rest with all the commotion going on here.
Kaoru: You have a point. Let us be off, then.
Arisa: A-alright...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Cafeteria]

Arisa: ... Uhmmm, I... ... Thank you for before...
Kaoru: Oh my, have I incited a bit of apprehension? Despite intending to pass this time in merriment, my overwhelming charm has done the opposite! Curse this incorrigible beauty of mine...!
Kaoru: However, I must once again offer my praise to you and your unparalleled timing in distributing those flyers. Your manner was majestic, gleaming as brightly as a supernova.
Kaoru: And how skilled of you to align your actions with mine for an expert delivery! It is a shame the others could not witness your spectacle... Ahhh... How fleeting...
Arisa: No one was aligning anything! ... Er, I mean... uhm...  I-it wasn't how you imagined~.
Kaoru: Is that so? Nevertheless, your performance was of the highest quality. And that is no jest.
Arisa: ... No, I think the praiseworthy one was you, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Oh? Why might that be?
Arisa: Why...? Being able to stop people in their tracks... Well, blocking their path will do that, but... everyone seemed somehow pleased, regardless.
Arisa: That ability to notice when someone is troubled and go out of your way to reach them, no matter the distance. It's a gift that I truly could never hope to gain.
Arisa: Not that I would ever want to or anything.
Kaoru: Hm? Sorry, could you repeat that last part?
Arisa: No, it was nothing! Hohoho... A-anyway, I have you to thank for helping me to get rid of all those flyers!
Kaoru: Arisa-chan... Thank you. Your flattery honors me. Nonetheless, the applause most certainly goes to you.
Arisa: Huh? What gave you that bright idea?  ... Whoops. What brings you to this conclusion?
Kaoru: The rationale is simple, Arisa-chan. You never once surrendered during your period of strife... Though nearly inaudible at times, you continued to speak.
Kaoru: That is the side of you which had utterly captivated me. And that is the reason you are to be revered, Arisa-chan.
Arisa: Huh?! N-no, I'm... nothing special... er... But... th-thank you very mu-
Kaoru: Yes, that is it. Right there. I have been contemplating how to go about drawing forth that allure of yours...
Kaoru: Perhaps you should first try singing during your daily commute to and from school? Fear not, for I shall accompany you!
Kaoru: Beyond that, we may someday have the chance to again share in the labor of flyer distribution! With elegance and grandeur, blazing vividly... Ah, how fleeting...!
Arisa: As if I'd get roped back into that! I mean, must it come to that?! ... Ugh, this charade is driving me nuts~!
Rimi: Hm? Isn't that Arisa-chan's voice?
Rimi: Good work today, Arisa-chan. And who is that with y-... K-Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Well met, Rimi-chan. We are indulging in a moment of reprieve after a day of toil.
Kaoru: The princess here seemed exhausted, you see. As is the duty of a knight, I intended to stand guard.
Rimi: A knight?! Huh? Huh?? If Kaoru-san is the knight, then... Arisa-chan, you're her princess?!
Arisa: This isn't some fantasy theatrical! So, what's up? Did you come here to check up on Kasumi or something?
Rimi: Uhm... yeah. I got a message from her telling me to come here once I was done.
Rimi: I figured that she'd probably want us to listen to her new song as soon as she finished it. That's when I heard your voice, Arisa-chan, and thought it'd be nice to go together.
Arisa: I swear, that Kasumi is a handful. She turns into an unstoppable ball of energy after completing a new track.
Arisa: Kaoru-san, we're heading over to the studio. How about you?
Kaoru: I will make my way there after a few more minutes of relaxation. Please venture forth, by all means. We shall meet again soon, Arisa-chan. Rimi-chan.
Rimi: U-uhm... Okay! I-in that case... Goodbye...!
Arisa: Wait for me, Rimi! Okay, I'll be off, too! ... Hey, Rimi! Slow down~!
Kaoru: Goodness gracious. Fufu, what a pair of lively little kittens.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Rimi: Phew, that surprised me.
Arisa: Me, too... I feel wiped out, for some reason. Kaoru-san is a, well, unique individual...
Arisa: Now I get why you're always going on about how wonderful she is. That girl has a good awareness of the people around her.
Arisa: When I was handing out the flyers... it wasn't going too well at first. Then, Kaoru-san swooped in to offer a hand and saved the day... Not sure if she realizes it herself, though.
Arisa: That degree of consideration is a natural-born talent, in my opinion. I could never pull it off, mysel-... Rimi? You okay?
Rimi: Huh? Oh, y-yeah. Hearing you speak so highly of Kaoru-san isn't something I expected, so... it surprised me, is all.
Rimi: You're right, she really is an incredible person!
Arisa: Wha-...D-dummy! Don't twist my words!
Arisa: All I said is that she's talented... No one said anything about incredible or whatever! Get it right!
