588_Kaoru Seta_R4 Fleeting Game of Old Maid

Gacha phrase: Fufu, how you interpret it is up to you.

<The Shape of Kindness>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside]

Kaoru: Oh my, a pebble. Be careful not to trip on it, my dear Misaki.
Misaki: Kaoru-san... Don't you think you're going a bit overboard?
Kaoru: You're carrying in your arms a very precious treasure, no? Therefore we must take the utmost caution on our journey.
Kaoru: By the way, this was the first time I'd ever ventured into the storage room of a library.
Misaki: Ahaha, same here. They sure had a lot of books, didn't they?
Kaoru: Indeed. 'Twas comparable to diving into a pool of knowledge. My only hope is that I may visit again someday.
Misaki: Ah, I know what you mean. Imagine all the interesting books locked up in there.
Kaoru: And what's more, there's a novel I've been searching for. That storage room seems like just the place it would be slumbering in.
Misaki: Really? What kind of book is it?
Kaoru: It's by a certain playwright. I thought perhaps I could use it in my theatrical studies.
Misaki: If you want, I can help you look for it. You helped me find my book, after all.
Kaoru: Will you? Fufu, I'll have to take you up on that offer then.
Misaki: So what's the title? Or do you know what the cover looks like?
Kaoru: My apologies... All I remember is that it's a very fleeting book...
Misaki: That doesn't really narrow it down at all...
Schoolgirl: Uhm, Seta-san!
Kaoru: Oh my, it's you... Pardon me, Misaki. Would you mind if I left you for a moment?
Misaki: Ah, no problem. Go right ahead.
(Black cut)
Kaoru: My deepest apologies, princess. I didn't mean to make you wait.
Misaki: It's fine. What did that girl want? It looked like she was trying to thank you for something...
Kaoru: It seems she was able to secure the lead role in an upcoming performance of ours, and came to inform me of the news.
Misaki: Oh, so she's from the theater club. Why would she want to tell you that, though?
Kaoru: I found her practicing here the other day. She seemed slightly distressed, so I called out to her.
Kaoru: After talking with her, I learned that she'd lost her confidence in her own abilities.
Misaki: Gotcha. So you gave her a little advice on performing, right? That sounds like you.
Kaoru: No, I did nothing of the sort.
Misaki: Huh?
Kaoru: I simply watched over her as she rehearsed the part. In actuality, there was really no need to thank me.
Misaki: You know, for being such a nice person, you don't really ever cheer people on directly. It's more like you watch over them...
Misaki: Personally, I feel like it'd be easier on you and the person you're talking to if you just came out and gave them some encouragement...
Kaoru: I suppose you're right.
Kaoru: However, words of praise aren't the only kindness one can offer others.
Kaoru: Rather than speaking, are there not times when you just need someone to be by your side? I certainly think there are.
Misaki: Well... Yeah, I see your point.
Kaoru: Besides, I truly believe that girl would have passed her audition even without me.
Misaki: Is that... because she already knew what she had to do?
Kaoru: Fufu, precisely, my dear Misaki.
Misaki: (I get it... Instead of doing something, she helps people by believing in them with all her heart.)
Misaki: (And since those emotions come across, it gives those people the confidence they need to take a step in the right direction.)
Kaoru: Is something the matter?
Misaki: No, I was just thinking you're pretty cool after all.
Kaoru: Fufu, I'm not sure what could possibly make you say such things...
Kaoru: However, I am honored by your praise. Thank you.
Kaoru: So even Misaki has fallen under my spell... My charms are truly terrifying...!
Misaki: Yup, now there's the Kaoru-san I know.
Misaki: Still, try not to change too much, got it? Just keep being you.
Kaoru: But of course. I have no plans to act otherwise.
Misaki: Ah, we're almost to my house, so I can walk home from here. Thanks for today, Kaoru-san. I really appreciate everything.
Kaoru: If it is to guarantee that I might see your smiling face in the morning, 'tis but a trifle, my dear.


<Everyone's Plate>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Shopping Mall]

Marina: Ah, hey, Kaoru-san. Are you here by yourself?
Kaoru: Hm? Ah~, if it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. No, my mother and I are here doing some shopping.
Marina: I see, are you getting some new clothes?
Kaoru: Well, we've certainly looked at clothes as well... However, we're mostly here to purchase dinnerware for everyone.
Marina: Everyone? Are you talking about your bandmates...?
Kaoru: Precisely. For you see, Hello, Happy World! came to my humble abode for a sleepover the other day.
Marina: A slumber party, huh? I can only imagine what that'd be like with Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Yes, to be surrounded by friends at the dining table, to converse with them through the night... 'Twas a marvelous time indeed.
Kaoru: It seems my mother was quite pleased as well. She suddenly proclaimed that we must buy new dishes for everyone, which is why I'm here before you.
Kaoru: She insists that we pick out dishes perfect for each of my bandmates. She's been asking me all sorts of questions about them.
Marina: Fufu, sounds like your mom was pretty happy.
Kaoru: Most likely it's because I hardly ever bring friends around to the house.
Marina: Ah~, yeah, that makes sense. I suppose you couldn't really have all your fans over to your house.
Kaoru: I certainly wouldn't mind if they came though. I've just never had the opportunity, that's all.
Marina: Really? So then why did they stay over this time?
Kaoru: It appears that Misaki had a fight with her mother. As a result, she asked to stay at my place. Once the rest of the band heard the news, they too rushed to my home post haste...
Kaoru: What's more, by the end of our time together, Misaki was smiling like she used to. While I did nothing to help, I was certainly glad to see such an expression return to her face.
Marina: What do you mean? I'm sure you were very supportive and gave her tons of advice, right?
Kaoru: Not at all. I did absolutely nothing of the sort.
Kaoru: Besides, even if I did say something, the one who decided how to move forward was Misaki herself.
Marina: Fufu, so that's how you see it, huh? Typical Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Oh? I merely wish to see my little kittens smile.
Marina: Still, staying at your place, huh~?  I'm so curious!
Kaoru: I see no problem with you stopping by. You're always welcome.
Marina: Really?! Then maybe I will drop by sometime. Would that be alright?
Kaoru: Fufu, I shall be waiting... Ah, it seems my mother has finished checking out. And with that, I must bid you adieu.
