744_Kaoru Seta_R4 A Grandiose Entrance!

Gacha phrase: Ha, ha, ha, ha~! I have arrived at last, my little kittens!

<You're All Invited to the Villa!>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Tomoe Udagawa, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[Downtown]

Kaoru: ... And so, I have decided to take a trip to my uncle's villa. If possible, I would love to have you accompany me.
Kaoru: Built up in the highlands, it sits near a quiet lake. The weather is perfectly cool this time of year. I can promise you a fleeting experience unlike anything you'll find in the city.
Hagumi: Wow~! That sounds great for summer! Argh~, it sounds like so much fun...
Kaoru: ... I take it that you have prior arrangements then.
Hagumi: Yeah... There's an event going on downtown, and I'm supposed to help out... I'm sorry, Kaoru-kun...
Kaoru: You need not apologize, Hagumi. This is, after all, a last-minute trip, so it is completely understandable if you have plans.
Kaoru: Actually, before coming here, I also approached our fellow bandmates about the subject.
Kaoru: While they were likewise quite interested, unfortunately, no one will be able to accompany me.
Hagumi: I really wish I could go... Ever since Eve-chin told me about mokkis, I've wanted to visit somewhere like that...
Kaoru: Mokkis, you say? I do not believe I've heard of this concept. If you heard about it from Eve-chan, can it be assumed that it has something to do with Finland?
Hagumi: That's right! Eve-chin told me about them last summer! When she lived in Finland, she'd spend every summer at a mokki!
Kaoru: Mokki... Mokki... Hmm... I cannot quite picture what that would entail from the word alone...
Hagumi: Then you should ask Eve-chin about it. I think she's working today. If her schedule is the same as always, she should be-
Eve: Ah, Kaoru-san and Hagumi-san! Hello!
Hagumi: Eve-chin! Did you have a good day at work? We were just talking about you!
Eve: Really? What were you talking about?
Hagumi: Mokkis! You used to spend your summers in Finland there, right?!
Eve: Yes, I sure did! During my summers in Finland, my whole family would go to our mokki to relax!
Kaoru: About these mokkis... I cannot seem to picture them from the word alone. Could you perhaps explain what exactly they are?
Eve: A mokki is a Finnish cottage. They are often built near lakes and surrounded by the beauty of nature!
Eve: I'd go with my family every year. We'd look out on the beautiful lake and scenery, then we'd sit all around in the sauna... Fufu, it's all so nostalgic now.
Kaoru: Oh my, could it be? Yes, it is! It appears fate brought us here today.
Eve: It did?
Kaoru: Allow me to explain. I am going to be taking a trip up to my uncle's villa, and I was just inviting our dear Hagumi here to come along with me.
Kaoru: That was when she mentioned the mokkis you taught her about. From your description, the location I'm visiting is the spitting image of your mokkis.
Eve: Huh?! Really?!
Kaoru: Indeed. This villa is right next to a lake, and surrounded by nature. There you can easily forget the hustle and bustle of the city.
Kaoru: This is merely speculation, but perhaps the architect took inspiration from the mokkis of Finland when building that villa.
Eve: From what it sounds like, that could very well be!
Kaoru: Well, Eve-chan, would you like to join me at the villa? I'm sure it won't compare to Finland...
Kaoru: However, I do believe it will be quite enjoyable. And perhaps you could teach me more about how you spent your time at these mokkis as well. It sounds rather interesting.
Eve: Huh? Can I really come?!
Eve: One moment, let me check my schedule! When are you thinking of going?
Kaoru: At the moment, I would like to leave this day and stay for three days.
Eve: Let's see... Ah, I'm free those days! I can go!
Hagumi: Really?! Isn't that great, Kaoru-kun?!
Kaoru: Indeed it is. I'm quite excited about the prospect of spending my trip with you, Eve-chan.
Eve: Other than me, is there anyone else coming along?
Kaoru: Well... I have asked Hagumi and my other bandmates, but unfortunately, they are all busy... At the moment, it is just you and me.
Eve: I see... It sounds like a wonderful place, so it'd be nice if we had more people there with us...
Saya: Huh? Eve, Kaoru-san? Oh, Hagumi, you're here too. What are you guys doing here?
Rimi: K-Kaoru-san?! H-hello...
Tomoe: I can see Seta-senpai and Hagumi hanging out, but I wasn't expecting to see you here too, Eve.
Eve: Ah, hello, everyone. I was just talking to Kaoru-san about a trip we're taking.
Rimi: Are you going on a trip with Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: ... That's it! My little kittens, are you free on these days?
Kaoru: You see, I am going to be visiting a family member's villa, and have just invited Eve-chan along. Would any of you care to join us?
Rimi: Huh...? Can I really go on a trip with you, Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Of course. I will do everything in my power to make you feel welcome. Shall we escape the hectic city life together and learn about the fleeting mokkis of Finland?
Tomoe: Mokkis, huh? Never heard of them. Is that some kind of instrument?
Eve: You see, mokkis are...
(Black cut)
Rimi: Saya-chan, we don't have practice those days! Let's go! This is a once in a lifetime opportunity!
Saya: Whoa... Someone's excited... Ahaha. I'll have to ask my parents if I can go first.
Tomoe: Gotcha. So that's how people in Finland spend their summers. That doesn't sound half bad.
Eve: Then you should join us, Tomoe-san!
Tomoe: I'll have to double-check with my parents to make sure we don't have any plans, but yeah, I should be good. Count me in.
Hagumi: Looks like you've got a full party now! I'm so happy for you, Kaoru-kun!
Kaoru: As am I, my dear. My heart is aflutter with the very thought of spending a part of my summer with my little kittens.
Kaoru: This is our chance to create even more fleeting summer memories!


<Fleeting Summer Vacation Moment>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Park]

Kaoru: Oh, my. If it isn't {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence.
Kaoru: Me? I have come to this urban oasis to cool myself under the shade of the trees.
Kaoru: Would you care to join me? The wind feels quite pleasant.
Kaoru: You know, I recently went on a trip.
Kaoru: No, not alone. I brought along a few of my lovely little kittens. Eve-chan, Tomoe-chan, Saya-chan, Rimi-chan and I all visited my uncle's villa.
Kaoru: It was so nice to escape the chaotic city and spend our days next to the lake. It was so peaceful, so fleeting...
Kaoru: I was also able to mount a horse again for the first time in what seems like an eternity. Being able to frolic with the horses filled my heart with joy.
Kaoru: It appears my little kittens enjoyed themselves as well. That alone makes me very happy.
Kaoru: Tomoe-chan especially seemed to enjoy the horses. Fufu... She was a very good match for a rowdy horse named Silver.
Kaoru: Tomoe-chan also mentioned that she would like to go horseback riding again, so I will have to invite her the next time I plan on going.
Kaoru: We also had a barbeque. Thanks to the efforts of Saya-chan and Rimi-chan, our meal of meat and baked goods was truly delectable.
Kaoru: Their thoughtful natures make those kittens who they are. I have much to learn from their hospitality.
Kaoru: As for Eve-chan, she taught us all about the fleeting mokkis of her past.
Kaoru: It appears that in Finland, villas and cottages are called mokkis, and that is where she would spend her summers every year.
Kaoru: She later told me our trip was exactly like her summers in Finland. If only you could have seen her smile when she said that.
Kaoru: In fact, seeing everyone's smiling faces reflected on the surface of the lake... That alone made the trip worthwhile.
Kaoru: None of my fellow bandmates could join us this time, so it made the entire trip feel like a new adventure.
Kaoru: That is the most interesting part of traveling in my eyes. Had I brought along Hello, Happy World!, I'm sure I would have had a completely different vacation.
Kaoru: Kanon would have loved the lakeside scenery, and I have no doubt that Hagumi would have been even more skilled than I at horseback riding.
Kaoru: As for Michelle... I'm not sure how she would fit in the saddle... Perhaps I should consult Misaki when the time comes.
Kaoru: And knowing our dear Kokoro, she would no doubt come up with an entirely unique form of entertainment for us all to enjoy.
Kaoru: Fufu, the mere thought of such a vacation fills my heart with excitement.
Kaoru: Next time I will be sure to work with everyone's schedule when planning my trip. That way all of Hello, Happy World! can be there.
Kaoru: {{userName}}-san, perhaps you too should enjoy a vacation like that.
Kaoru: After all, it's important to take time away from the hustle and bustle of everyday life. Only then can our hearts and minds truly rest.
