925_Kaoru Seta_R4 #1: Center Field

Gacha phrase: When the curtains rise, there is only one thing that needs to be done.

<Fleeting Position>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Riverside Field]

Kaoru: A vibrant, azure sky, the rolling tides of cloud... The rush of the wind that blows past, the gleeful voices of my teammates...
Kaoru: And finally, the sound of bat striking ball, echoing throughout the field... Ah, how fleeting.
Kokoro: Right! Today's an absolutely perfect day for softball!
Misaki: ... Hey, Kanon-san. Don't you think that Kaoru-san's acting even more fleeting than normal today?
Kanon: Fufu, she's probably just in a good mood. She's been like that ever since our positions were announced.
Kaoru: Oh my, whatever is the matter, you two? You've been gazing my way for quite a while now... Perhaps, could it be? Have you fallen prey to my charms?
Misaki: Nah, nothing like that. We just thought you looked really happy, that's all.
Kaoru: Ah, well then, you thought correct. I am indeed overflowing with joy at the moment.
Kokoro: Oh! Has something good happened, Kaoru? Tell me!
Kaoru: Fufu, it would be my pleasure. Shortly before this, our positions were revealed, and I was announced to be the center fielder...
Kaoru: I've finally grasped what the true meaning of this position is.
Misaki: Meaning...? Weren't you just picked for center field because you look like you'd be good at sports, so they gave you a position that needs to move a lot?
Kaoru: That may be a factor, true. But there's another way to think about this... The center fielder... is in the center.
Kaoru: The one who stands in the center is none other than the lead... It is... but that.
Kokoro: Wow! Center field's the perfect position for you, then!
Kaoru: Ah, I feel the threads of fate pulling me along...!
Misaki: Um... I don't even know where to start... Feels like this conversation just became a lot more confusing...
Kaoru: Kokoro, you were announced to be right field, were you not?
Kokoro: That's right! Hagumi said that she picked me to play right because I'm a fast runner!
Misaki: True, outfielders have to move around a lot in general.
Kaoru: No, I prefer to think of it this way... Right is... if you will... the light!
Kaoru: For one such as Kokoro, who always serves as a shining beacon of happiness and positivity, could there be a more appropriate position? I think not!
Kokoro: Wow, that's fantast-erific! Then I'll make sure to keep on shining for you all!
Misaki: That's not even close to what it means... You can't just take words and replace letters like that, even if they do sound similar!
Kaoru: Misaki... How many times must I tell you? Language is something that we're free to interpret as we wish.
Misaki: Even so, aren't you being a little too free here?
Kanon: Fufu, Kaoru-san's interpretations are kind of interesting, though. What do you think it means that I was picked to play catcher? I'd love to hear what you have to say.
Kaoru: Hm, well then. The catcher is, to put it succinctly... The catcher of hearts.
Kaoru: She is the one who must grasp the hearts of the onlookers and never let go. Within the realm of softball, she is the heroine, wouldn't you say?
Kanon: Th-the heroine...?
Misaki: C'mon, now that's gotta be the biggest stretch I've ever heard. The catcher just catches the balls that Hagumi, our pitcher, throws.
Kanon: What?! I have to catch Hagumi-chan's pitches?!
Kokoro: That's wonderful, Kanon! What a splend-abulous position!
Misaki: Well, I do understand Hagumi's reasoning behind her choice, though. It's true that the catcher and pitcher should have good synergy.
Kanon: But Hagumi's pitches are really fast, aren't they? Can I really catch them...?
Kokoro: I know you can do it, Kanon! You're the only one who can!
Kaoru: Yes, it's just like when we're onstage. The only one who can match Hagumi is you, Kanon.
Kanon: I see... Okay. I understand. I did say I'd do my best, so I'll give it my best shot!
Kaoru: Ah~, that sparkle in your eyes, filled to the brim with determination...! Kanon, you've already stolen my heart!
Kokoro: Nice catch, Kanon!
Kaoru: And that brings me to you, Misaki... You were tasked with second base, if I recall correctly. So, in essence, you are number two...
Misaki: Huh? Well, yeah, I guess that's what it means.
Kaoru: Shakespeare once penned these words... "All that glitters is not gold"... Did he not?
Kaoru: Being number two is nothing to be ashamed of.
Kokoro: That's right, Misaki! There are no rankings when it comes to hard workers! Everyone's a MVP!
Kanon: I think so too, Misaki-chan! Let's do our best together, okay?
Misaki: A-are you all... trying to cheer me up?
Misaki: Uh... It's not like I was feeling down in the first place, but... Eh, whatever...
Kaoru: Fufu, well then... Shall we get started, everyone?!
Kokoro & Kanon & Misaki: Yeah!


<Growing Fond of Softball>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Lobby]

Marina: Good work. Looks like the rush is over, so you can probably go on break now-
Kaoru: P-pardon me...!
Marina: Kaoru-san?! Are you okay? You look like you're in a lot of pain!
Kaoru: No, it's nothing particularly pressing. Just... could you lend me a pen and something to write on...?
Marina: S-sure! A pen and something to write on, right? ... Here you go, is this okay?!
Kaoru: Ahh, I'm in your debt...
Kaoru: The final phrase... There. Yes, it's perfect. My apologies, you two. It was not my intent to surprise you.
Marina: N-no problem. As long as you're okay, then that's all that matters. But what on earth is happening?
Kaoru: Well, a rogue line of poetry suddenly ambushed me in a stroke of inspiration, you see. I was just caught off guard by the sudden fleetingness.
Marina: Oh, is that all? Thank goodness. You really scared me. I thought you were sick or something.
Kaoru: I see I've caused you undue concern. But rest easy in knowing that I am as healthy and chipper as ever.
Kaoru: However... Ever since last weekend, it would seem that my desire to create has grown even stronger.
Marina: Last weekend... Wouldn't that be when Hello, Happy World! had that softball game?
Kaoru: Oh, you're quite well-informed.
Marina: Yeah, it's been all everyone's been talking about downtown, you know. You all worked so hard for the team!
Kaoru: Indeed. I experienced such excitement, such stimulation during that event, that I was able to learn about a new side to fleetingness.
Kaoru: Take the hand signals of baseball, for example. Expressing intent without speech... It was a glimpse into a new world of communication.
Kaoru: And then there's the bunt. The most minimalistic of actions, taken to surprise not only your enemies, but your allies as well... Ah, its beauty is simply irresistible.
Marina: I-I see... I can tell that it was quite a learning experience for you.
Kaoru: That it was. But above all else, the most inspiring visage I was able to witness was the untiring efforts and earnest resolve of my friends.
Kaoru: Drowning in applause as they chased that pure white ball under the blue sky... Ah, how fleeting!
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you had a lot of fun.
Kaoru: I did indeed. I was able to discover so much from that single game of softball.
Kaoru: I'm sure that there are countless more possibilities that await me within the realm of fleetingness. Truly, it is a profound subject.
Marina: Yup, trying new things can be tough, but it's also a lot of fun, right?
Marina: There's so much that you can discover, and by combining that with what you already know, you can come up with brand new ideas!
Kaoru: I see. So, what you're telling me is that the fleetingness I gained from softball has combined with the fleetingness that I already possessed... Is that right?
Marina: That's exactly it! And that's how new ideas are born!
Kaoru: Fufu... What an exhilarating concept. Then when I discover a new form of fleetingness, I'll make sure to inform you two posthaste.
Kaoru: For you see, there is no beauty in trying to monopolize fleetingness.
