1063_Kaoru Seta_R3 Fleeting Witch

<Magic Pendant>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Kaoru Seta)

[Morning]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Hallway]

Kaoru: The school is even more silent than usual. The occasional early start is ever so fleeting... Oh?
Kaoru: Is that...? My, if it isn't Himari-chan.
Himari: Kaoru-senpai...?! Eek! Oh my gosh, it's really you...!
Kaoru: ...? Were you perhaps searching for me?
Himari: Ah... N-no! I'm just happy that I get to see you first thing in the morning~! Ahaha...!
Himari: Everyone else will arrive soon, so I'm heading back to my classroom! See you...!
Kaoru: Fufu, what a vibrant little kitten.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Recess]

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Kaoru: The sunlight is pleasant. Perhaps I shall sunbathe outside today... Hm?
Himari: Eep! K-Kaoru-senpai?!
Kaoru: You are as buoyant as ever, little kitten. We sure are running into each other a lot today.
Himari: Y-yes! Eek! I can't believe it~! I didn't think it would work this well...!
Himari: ... U-um! If you'd like... D-do you want to have lunch toge-
Moca: Hii-chan, there you are~... Oh~? It's Kaoru-senpai~.
Kaoru: Greetings, Moca-chan.
Moca: Hello~. What a coincidence, meeting you here~.
Moca: Ah, or maybe it's not~. I bet you're happy, Hii-chan~ It looks like your pendant works-
Himari: Waaah~! Moca! Shh! Shh!
Kaoru: What's the matter? You look awfully flustered.
Himari: I-it's nothing~! Ahaha...!
Moca: Ah~, this is too much~... Ah, that's right.
Moca: Hii-chan, the teacher was looking for you~. You're the only one who hasn't handed in your sheet~.
Himari: Whoa, I forgot! I need to go and hand it in...!
Himari: Excuse me, Kaoru-senpai! I have to go now!
Moca: Hold on~. Where's my thank-you bread I get for telling you~?
Kaoru: Fufu... You are quite the rambunctious little kittens.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[After School]

[Shopping Mall]

Kaoru: I believe that is enough stationery shopping for one day. Now, where to next- Oh?
Kaoru: My, if it isn't Rimi-chan.
Rimi: K-Kaoru-san?!
Rimi: We really met... This pendant must be genuine...!
Kaoru: Genuine?
Rimi: E-erm... Never mind...! Anyhow, are you doing some shopping, Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: I concluded it just now. I thought I'd perhaps visit the bookstore next.
Kaoru: Actually, why don't you accompany me?
Rimi: M-may I...?!
Kaoru: Most certainly!
Rimi: Th-then, erm... Let's go...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Residential Area]

Kaoru: ... Phew. Today was a peculiar day.
Kaoru: I chanced upon Himari-chan multiple times, and then Rimi-chan...
Kaoru: Despite being without a pendant, I had a myriad of magnificent encounters... What an utterly magical day...
Kaoru: Ahhh... How fleeting...!


<Remember>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Café]

Kaoru: Greetings, {{userName}}-san. Good day. Are you on your break?
Kaoru: I see, that is good to hear. I have studio practice now.
Kaoru: My previous engagement ended early. If it's alright with you, I'd like to converse with you for a moment.
Kaoru: Thank you. Now then...
Kaoru: There is but one story I'd like to share with you. A short time ago, Hello, Happy World! assisted at an establishment called MAHO DO.
Kaoru: Are you aware of MAHO DO? As expected, {{userName}}-san, you certainly are in the know.
Kaoru: MAHO DO is a store that sells good luck charms. Its products play host to many magical abilities.
Kaoru: To put it simply, we lent a hand in producing these goods.
Kaoru: We combined our efforts and poured our souls into them. And we crafted glorious items...!
Kaoru: You are curious about their magical capabilities, correct?
Kaoru: I crafted my creations with the following magical powers.
Kaoru: The power to bring the wearer an encounter to make their heart race, and the power to give them the courage to face anything.
Kaoru: How very me...? Fufu, I suspected you might say that.
Kaoru: I decided on them based on my own experiences.
Kaoru: ... Although, there is nothing special about those two powers. They are very simple concepts that everyone can understand.
Kaoru: If you wish to be friends with someone, be the first to reach out. If you struggle with something, step up to the challenge.
Kaoru: By mustering a small amount of courage, one can obtain the greatest results.
Kaoru: Almost everyone has experiences like these, do they not?
Kaoru: Fufu, from the expression on your face, I take it you are familiar with this. Then perhaps you can comprehend what I'm saying.
Kaoru: What I mean is... there are times when one carelessly forgets the significance of this small amount of courage.
Kaoru: People are quick to forget the courage they possess. And so I thought it would be an excellent opportunity to remind them.
Kaoru: Needless to say, the charm's effects are not guaranteed. Because, regrettably, I am not a genuine witch.
Kaoru: Fufu... But do not fret.
Kaoru: The good luck charms may not work, but on those occasions, I shall meet the afflicted persons and gift them with heart-warming encounters and unbeatable courage!
Kaoru: How, you ask...? Why through the activities of Hello, Happy World!, of course!
Kaoru: Performances, plays, musicals... We will do anything it takes.
Kaoru: I'm reliable, you say? Fufu, I am, aren't I?
Kaoru: I can tell from the radiant expression on your face that you know you can depend on me.
Kaoru: Nevertheless... Fufu.
Kaoru: To think that I could charm you with mere banter. My beauty is quite the conundrum.
Kaoru: Ah... How fleeting...!
