1117_Kaoru Seta_R3 Follow Your Heart

<No Need for Words>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happinelle - Castle Town]

Kaoru: Misaki, Hagumi, behold. Even after a whimsical night of falling stars, the city is still brimming with life.
Misaki: It feels like everyone is still in the festival mood. There are lots of food stands still set up too.
Hagumi: Let's go for a walk~♪ I wanna eat those croquettes again!
Misaki: Ahh, that could be nice. It's almost lunchtime. Should we grab something to eat and walk around for a bit?
Kaoru: We are to return to Japan tomorrow. Let us make the most of today so we do not leave any unfinished business behind.
Kaoru: Nevertheless... this is a wonderful country, don't you think? There are no conflicts or worries, and the people are overflowing with generous grins.
Misaki: ... Ah, wait. Leaving that aside, where did Hagumi go?
Kaoru: Perhaps she was separated from us...? Oh?
Kaoru: Fufu, it appears our little kitten is over at that food stall.
Misaki: That she is. Hm? She looks a bit lost...
Hagumi: Um, um... Mii-kun, Kaoru-kun, where are you~?!
Kaoru: Ahh, Hagumi...! I apologize for putting such a worried frown on your face. However, there is no need to fear. I am here.
Misaki: Ugh, Hagumi, what were you even doing?
Hagumi: Ah, Mii-kun, Kaoru-kun! The person at the food stand started talking to me, but I dunno what they're saying...!
Misaki: What can we do about that...? We don't understand their language either...
Kaoru: Hmm... If that is the case, leave it to me.
Misaki: Huh? Leave it to- Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: Greetings, madam. What refreshingly wonderful weather we're having today. It is as if the skies are celebrating the 1,000th birthday of this fair kingdom.
Kaoru: Oh, did you perhaps watch our performance at the Millenary Festival? How intriguing. And thus you initiated a conversation with Hagumi...? I understand the situation now.
Kaoru: Wasn't it a genuinely magnificent show? It was overflowing with fleetingness- Hm? That was not what you were talking about? I understand. You wish to discuss my beauty, don't you?
Hagumi: W-wow, Kaoru-kun! You're still speaking Japanese, but they understand you!
Misaki: No, I don't think they do. No matter how you look at it, they're definitely not having the same conversation.
Hagumi: No way! That food stall worker is smiling like they're having loads of fun!
Misaki: ... Huh? No way, how?!
Hagumi: Ah, Kaoru-kun's getting some apples put in a bag! Three of them!
Kaoru: Apologies for keeping you two waiting. That vendor gifted me with some of their product. Let's divide them between us.
Hagumi: Whoa! Kaoru-kun, how'd you become friends with them without speaking their language?!
Kaoru: Fufu, it is nothing peculiar. All it requires is fleetingness.
Kaoru: You feel the other's fleetingness and have a fleeting exchange of words... With just this technique, you can communicate with anyone in the world.
Kaoru: The barrier of languages is trivial in the face of fleetingness... It is but that.
Misaki: Yeah, I have no idea what you're saying. Even more so than usual...
Hagumi: Communicate with anyone in the world...? Do you mean like this?!
Hagumi: When I play softball, I sometimes know what kinda ball the pitcher's gonna throw! Is it the same as that?!
Kaoru: My gosh... Can you truly do that, Hagumi? How spectacular.
Misaki: We're all speaking Japanese here, but... I have no idea what you guys are talking about.
Hagumi: Huh? Those workers over there are calling out to us too!
Kaoru: Oh my, then I should pay them a visit. I simply cannot pass by a little kitten that awaits me so.
Kaoru: Salutations, what tremendous weather we're having. What kind of establishment is this? Fufu, something smells delectable.
Hagumi: Whoa, Kaoru-kun's amazing! She made friends with another food stall lady!
Misaki: She really did... They don't even speak the same language, so how is she doing that...?
Hagumi: The food stall lady looks really excited~. I think I kinda get how she feels!
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun always listens to me properly when I talk, so it's kind of fun talking to her!
Misaki: Listens to you properly...? Ah, I think I get it now.
Hagumi: What is it, Mii-kun? What did you get?
Misaki: It's not just you, Hagumi. Kaoru-san listens carefully to what everyone says.
Misaki: Although I'm not sure how much of the conversation she is actually understanding, I'm sure they can tell she's trying her best.
Misaki: Maybe they're all smiling because they can see that.
Hagumi: That's gotta be it! Leave it to Mii-kun to figure it out!
Misaki: Even so, I kind of respect her for being able to approach people she doesn't know like that...
Kaoru: I apologize for making you wait on me yet again. The little kittens of this town open up like flowers when given the chance to converse. I was conflicted on how to deal with it.
Misaki: Wow, you're carrying so much stuff...! Did they give you all of this...?
Kaoru: Yes, they are all such warm-hearted, generous people, you see. They each bestowed me with a gift as I bid them farewell.
Misaki: Wow, of course you got all of that from just one lap around.
Kaoru: Fleetingness knows no borders... It is but that.
Misaki: Ahaha... I think you're going to have a luggage problem by the time we finish our walk.


<Never Forget That Sparkle>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Riverside]

Marina: We've finished everything we needed to do out here, so why don't we go back to CiRCLE and take a break? You're tired too, right?
Kaoru: Greetings and salutations to you both. What a coincidence it is for us to encounter each other here.
Marina: Ah, Kaoru-san. Hello. What brings you- Um, what are you doing?
Kaoru: Fufu, what, you ask...? It is exactly as it seems. I am taking a stroll to search for fleeting sights.
Kaoru: The vibrant landscape of the festival was magnificent, but the peaceful scenery of everyday life is ever so fleeting...
Marina: Festival? Ah, are you talking about the one in Happinelle? That's right, you performed at their Millenary Festival, didn't you?
Kaoru: Indeed. It was an extravagant affair. My beauty was spread to yet another corner of the world.
Marina: A-ahaha... Ah, but I heard a lot happened.
Marina: Like Kokoro-chan wanting to stay in Happinelle and such. I don't really know the details, but was everything okay...?
Kaoru: Yes, this did occur. Kokoro never fails to effortlessly exceed our expectations.
Kaoru: I was truly perplexed on that occasion. I was at a loss for words.
Marina: Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Kokoro is always acting in order to make someone smile... This time was no different.
Kaoru: So I determined that, as my dear companion, I should support her wishes.
Kaoru: However, I could not do so in this instance.
Kaoru: Kokoro remaining in Happinelle would mean our daily lives as Hello, Happy World!, as well as the future we are weaving together, would disappear.
Kaoru: And I simply could not accept the fact that the fleeting days we have yet to spend together would vanish.
Marina: Right. It would be quite sad if the thing you treasured most suddenly wasn't there one day.
Kaoru: Indeed. Brilliance is something one grows accustomed to...
Kaoru: While you may initially squint at its glare, before long it becomes commonplace to you.
Kaoru: And as we lose these treasures, we realize for the first time their true worth. How glorious and irreplaceable they were.
Kaoru: I rejoice that I was able to recognize this fleeting brilliance before it escaped my grasp.
Marina: Yeah, I'm happy you guys all came back together too.
Kaoru: This incident has made me realize that the time I spend with Hello, Happy World! has become of much greater importance to me than I ever imagined it would.
Kaoru: From now on, I, Kaoru Seta, shall treasure every moment I spend with the others so we can move forward as Hello, Happy World!.
Kaoru: I pledge this to you now.
Marina: Huh, to me...? A-ahaha, thanks...
Marina: As everyone's pseudo-older sister, I can't wait to see what Hello, Happy World! does next!
Kaoru: Yes. Just wait for the day we make the whole world smile.
Kaoru: Now, I must take my leave. I must follow the wind to discover more fleeting sights...
