1180_Kaoru Seta_R4 Enigmatic Person

Gacha phrase: For it is the duty of a knight to bring a smile to the face of their princess.

<Exclusive With The Prince Pt. 1>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Front Gate]

LOCK (Rokka): Umm, screen brightness is good... Image stabilization is on...
Asuka: Come on~. How many times is that? Haven't you been checking the camera settings all this time?
LOCK (Rokka): I'm worried that the photos might be blurry. Sigh, I hope I can get some nice shots...
Ako: Kaoru sure is late, though. I'm sick of waiting~.
LOCK (Rokka): We did arrive a little early. It's almost time for school, so I think she'll be here soon...
Asuka: I didn't realize that an exclusive shoot meant starting as soon as she arrives at school... I haven't gotten up this early in ages.
Ako: The people in the newspaper club are really into this though~. They were like, we've gotta make this special feature on Kaoru a success!
LOCK (Rokka): Your friend was originally meant to do this, right, Asuka-chan?
Asuka: Yeah. But she caught a cold and asked me to fill in.
Asuka: You two really didn't have to help me, though.
Ako: It'd be way too hard on your own!
LOCK (Rokka): Let's do this together, Asuka-chan!
Asuka: You guys are too kind.
Ako: Ah, she's here, she's here! I spy Kaoru!
Student A: Good morning, Kaoru-sama!
Kaoru: Oh, good morning. Goodness, you've changed your hairpin today.
Student A: You noticed?!
Kaoru: I am rather fond of your usual floral accessory, but this light blue luxury truly brings out your fleetingness.
Kaoru: I must thank fate for allowing me to encounter such a dazzling princess so bright and early.
Student A: Princess?! Sigh~...
Asuka: Whoa. There's a crowd gathering around Kaoru-senpai.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow~. So this is what happens when Kaoru-senpai arrives at school.
Ako: Kaoru's performances are super popular too! Even at Girls Band Party, she was surrounded by fans.
LOCK (Rokka): Now that I think about it... I don't really know Kaoru-senpai that well.
Ako: ...? Haven't you talked to her before, Rokka?
LOCK (Rokka): No, I have. But we usually just greet each other and that's it.
LOCK (Rokka): I've been to a Hello, Happy World! Show before, but there were so many fans, so I couldn't even say hi...
Ako: Then you should get to know her super well during today's shoot!
Asuka: We will be around her a lot today, so you might be able to learn quite a bit about her.
Ako: Kaoru is... super funny!
Asuka: Isn't that a bit too vague...?
Ako: ...? You think so?
LOCK (Rokka): Maybe I'll come to understand what you mean after today's shoot, Ako-chan.
Kaoru: My, what a splendid morning, my little kittens. I have heard about our arrangement.
Kaoru: It appears you will be photographing me. For today, I am in your hands.
Asuka, LOCK & Ako: Let's work hard together! Let's do this!
Kaoru: First, could you capture me here on this crisp morning? For the initial shot... Yes, this pose will suffice...
LOCK (Rokka): Huh? O-okay!
(White cut)
Kaoru: Ahh, I feel a breathtaking portrait being born. Rokka-chan, next, I must insist you take another while I do this pose.
Asuka: Why has this become a proper photo shoot...? We were asked to take ordinary photos of Kaoru-senpai, but are these okay...?
Ako: They're funny, so I think it's fine!
Kaoru: Fufu, I seem to be getting into the swing of things. It's as if the flames of passion have taken up residence inside my chest. Next, I shall attempt this pose.
LOCK (Rokka): S-sure.
Kaoru: Oh dear, could you wait a moment? The clouds have shrouded the sun.
Ako: Is that a bad thing?
Kaoru: I have no issue with the concept alone. However, it does not align with my aesthetic vision.
Kaoru: Rokka-chan, could you show me the pictures you have taken?
LOCK (Rokka): Uhh... Ah! Your hair is sparkling in every shot!
Asuka: It is too. Is that because it's reflecting the sunlight...?
Kaoru: Me, shimmering in the morning sun... This is the kind of photograph I envisioned.
Kaoru: The time of day, the look of the sky, the subject's pose... The angle at which you must shoot depends on the combination of these three elements.
Kaoru: Reflecting on this, my next pose should be- Rokka-chan, could you take it from a little further to the right this time?
LOCK (Rokka): A little to the right... Is this enough?
Kaoru: Yes, that is the superior position. Could you take the photo as you are?
(White cut)
Kaoru: Now, behold what you have created.
LOCK (Rokka): Umm... Ah! You're shining just like before...!
Asuka: Even though it's cloudy? How...?
Kaoru: That is because this world is full of light, no matter how the clouds try to conceal it. All one must do is bask in its glistening glow.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! From this angle, the clouds behind you are quite thin!
Asuka: They are slightly thinner than in other spots. I can't believe you calculated it all to that extent, Kaoru-senpai...
Kaoru: In every photograph I take, I wish to present an impeccable Kaoru Seta to my little kittens, you see. As they say, "All that glisters is not gold."
LOCK (Rokka): All that... glisters? What does that mean...?
Ako: Asuka, Asuka! Isn't Kaoru amazing?!
Asuka: Y-yeah, I don't really understand her, but she is... Who is Kaoru-senpai, exactly?


<Exclusive With The Prince Pt. 2>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Ako Udagawa, Rokka Asahi)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Ako: Rokka~! Asuka~! Hurry, hurry! We'll be late meeting Kaoru!
Asuka: I-I know. I just finished eating lunch, so can we go a little slower...?
LOCK (Rokka): Pant, pant. She messaged me saying she was around here, but-
Ako: Ah! There is she!
Asuka: Huh...? Is she talking to a tree?
Kaoru: Long time no see, everybody. Have you been well?
Ako: Oiii, Kaoru~!
Kaoru: Hm? Ahh, it's Rokka-chan and friends. I know, let me introduce you to everyone.
Kaoru: Long ago, when I had to embody a bird upon the stage, they helped me study for my role.
LOCK (Rokka): They? ... Ah, some little birds are sitting there.
Ako: Red, yellow, and blue! They're all so pretty~!
Asuka: What does "study for a role" mean?
Kaoru: It means precisely as it sounds. I discussed it with these birds, and they in turn taught me how to act it out.
Ako: Can you talk to birds, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Of course. Anyone can converse with birds if they attempt to relate with them.
Asuka: Uhh, I don't think-
Kaoru: Fufu, care to try? Touch this tree trunk.
Ako: The trunk? Like this? Ah, it's kinda cold~...
Kaoru: That is how a tree feels when birds sit atop it. If you listen carefully, you can hear the cool breeze and the peaceful rustling of the leaves...
Kaoru: One by one, feel the parts of nature that they feel... How about it? Can you hear their voices now?
Student's Voice: Our last class for the day is math. I'm gonna fall asleep.
Kaoru: Behold, they have spoken. Fufu, it seems the birds too have afternoon classes to attend.
LOCK (Rokka): I don't think that was a bird talking, but rather a student over there-
Kaoru: Yes, I can feel it. The sound of the tree's roots absorbing water from the earth...
Kaoru: The tree's roots are working so vigorously. The sound reminds me of a factory.
Asuka: You sure that's not just the sound of the factory near here?
Ako: Kaoru, can you really befriend birds like this?
Kaoru: Of course. I have already become one with these little ones. Isn't that right, my little birdies?
Ako: Whoa, they replied?!
Asuka: No way, it must've been a coincidence.
Kaoru: Hmm... I see. What a wonderful affair.
LOCK (Rokka): But it looks like she's actually speaking with them...
Asuka: No, she can't be... She can't be, right?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Gymnasium]

Kaoru: Let us have our next photoshoot here. Kaoru Seta and the gymnasium... I can feel the immeasurable potential.
LOCK (Rokka): Okay! ... Ah, but it seems like someone else is using it.
Ako: There's a volleyball net set up... I wonder if that girl there is practicing.
Student B: Hmm~, what should I do...?
Kaoru: Greetings, little kitten. You seem perplexed. Tell me your woes, if it pleases you.
Student B: Kaoru-sama?!
Kaoru: Hmm... I take it you were practicing your volleyball skills?
Student B: Yes. We have a serving test in class soon, but I'm so bad at it...
Kaoru: Then I shall provide you with a lesson. For it is the duty of a knight to bring a smile to the face of their princess.
Student B: Huh?!
Kaoru: Do not fret. I am athletically inclined. I have even been asked to fill in as coach by numerous clubs.
Kaoru: Now, lend me the ball. Let us begin with the standard serve.
Asuka: There she goes. What do we do about the shoot...?
LOCK (Rokka): I'll take some photos now, just in case. I think the newspaper club will be pleased if we can capture the many different sides of Kaoru-senpai!
Ako: Go, go, Kaoru~! You can do it~!
Kaoru: Fufu, thank you for your support. Now, watch closely. The trick to hitting an efficient serve is to ensure that it's...
Kaoru: A fleeting one!
Ako: Nice serve! You're so cool, Kaoru!
Student B: Kaoru-sama...! Sigh...
Kaoru: It seems like I have charmed all of your hearts.
Kaoru: Fufufu... In that case, I insist you enjoy my display even more. Hiya...!
Asuka: Whoa, she hasn't hit the net even once. I know she said she was good at sports, but she seriously is.
LOCK (Rokka): A-Asuka-chan...
LOCK (Rokka): Look...! All of Kaoru-senpai's serves are hitting the same spot...
Asuka: Huh...? Y-you're right! Not a single one of them has shifted from the edge of the court!
Kaoru: Phew... Indulge me, how were my serves?
Kaoru: The angle of my arms and knees, and the gentle arc of the ball. There was a certain beauty and grace about them, no?
LOCK (Rokka): S-so that's what you wanted us to focus on...!
Asuka: I feel like there was something even more impressive than that... Most people can't continuously serve to the same spot...
Ako: You were so, so cool! I wanna learn how to do cool serves like you, Kaoru!
Kaoru: And so you will. The most important part of it is fleetingness. Be conscious of your fleetingness and give it a try, you two.
Student B: O-okay!
Ako: Okay! I don't really get it, but I'll give it a try.
Asuka: Seriously, who is Kaoru-senpai? She's not just good at sports, she's-
LOCK (Rokka): I always thought Kokoro-senpai and Hagumi-senpai were the sporty ones since they always move around during Hello, Happy World! shows, but... Kaoru-senpai is just as athletic...
Asuka: She understands how she appears in photos, enjoys talking to birds, and is unbelievably sporty...?
LOCK (Rokka): We've been taking photos of her all day, but the more I learn about Kaoru-senpai, the more of an enigma she becomes... What a peculiar person...
Kaoru: What touching serves you both made... It is true what they say, that flowers bloom swiftly.
Kaoru: Ahh, how fleeting...
(Black cut)
