1202_Kaoru Seta_R2 Feel the Past

<An Important Egg>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence - Courtyard]

Hagumi: Okay! I'm gonna do my best to make play equipment for the dinosaur~!
Kaoru: Ahh, Hagumi... You are such a kind-hearted kitten to engage in craftsmanship while warming the egg as well.
Kokoro: Hagumi, that is wonderful! Let's all do our best and make this egg smile!
Kaoru: So, what sort of play equipment do you plan on constructing?
Hagumi: Um~, good question. I wonder what would make this egg happy.
Kaoru: That is indeed quite the conundrum...
Kaoru: When the egg hatches, the baby will likely grow quite enormous, so something larger than what we might use would be ideal.
Kokoro: Also, I think something sturdy would be good so that it doesn't break even if the dinosaur climbed it!
Hagumi: Okay, then let's make something big and sturdy! What else~...?
Kaoru: Hagumi, why don't you try asking the egg herself?
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, you're so smart! I'll try asking right away!
Hagumi: Hey in there! Tell us what kind of play equipment you want!
Kaoru: Hm, she's being rather quiet...
Hagumi: Hm~, it might be sleeping right now.
Kaoru: I see. In that case, it cannot be helped. Let us strive to create fleeting play equipment that the egg will certainly enjoy.
Kokoro: I agree! Let's come up with a bunch of ideas so that the egg can play happily!
Kokoro: I know! What about something like an obstacle course? It could climb on the play equipment and swing from it!
Kokoro: And if we add a slide and swing, I'm sure it will be fun. What do you think?
Kaoru: Ahhh, those are such marvelous ideas, Kokoro. I can almost picture this egg... I mean, Joselina, as she scampers about.
Hagumi: We'd also need to have a shaking bridge or a climb rope!
Kaoru: Another fine choice... She will surely be as delighted as she could be.
Kokoro: What play equipment do you think would be good, Kaoru?
Kaoru: If it were me, I would of course want a stage.
Hagumi: A stage? As in for acting?
Kaoru: Yes, that is correct. A stage set inside a beautiful garden would be magnificent, would it not?
Kaoru: A simple stage without any equipment would be best. That way, one could transform that space with just their acting prowess.
Kaoru: It could be the Cretaceous period, space, or the near future... A stage can be made to appear as any kind of setting.
Kokoro: The courtyard is going to travel through time? That is so very exciting!
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, you're amazing!
Kaoru: I am not the only one. This egg would surely stand on stage and perform as well.
Hagumi: W-wow...! Would the egg also play a lead role?
Kaoru: Heh... In the words of Shakespeare, "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players." It is... but that.
Kaoru: Come, we must devise the vision for a play right away.
Kaoru: It can be a solo performance for the egg or a duet performance with yours truly... Either way, it should lead to a truly fleeting stage show...!
Kokoro: I would like to see you and the dinosaur perform right away!
Hagumi: Me too, me too! I can't wait! Let's make an awesome stage!
Kaoru: Now then, we have decided the play equipment to construct in the courtyard. Let us do our best for this egg's sake.
Hagumi, Kokoro: Yeah!


<For the Coming Crow>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Park]

Marina: Phew, we managed to buy all the equipment we needed. All that's left is...
Marina: Huh? That person standing under that tree over there is Kaoru-san, isn't it? Hey~, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Well, if it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence.
Marina: Hello. It looks like you were gazing up at that tree, but is there something wrong?
Kaoru: Ahh, I was merely observing the crows.
Kaoru: I previously had the opportunity to consider the heart of a crow. That led me to desiring a deeper understanding of said bird.
Marina: Why a crow...?
Kaoru: Fufu, would you care to hear my tale?
Kaoru: The thing is, recently there have been frequent occurrences of items being stolen from Hanasakigawa students. Amidst said occurrences, one of Hagumi's belongings was taken.
Kaoru: In order to locate the nest of the crow perpetrator, we attempted to assume the emotions of a crow... And that is why.
Marina: I-I see. That's quite an innovative idea. So were you able to find what you were looking for?
Kaoru: But of course. Cooperating with the others led to a successful resolution of the incident.
Marina: That's a relief~. Still, you're amazing to be able to act like a crow, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: It is nothing that difficult. Animals are similar to humans in that they have some reason for their conduct.
Kaoru: Should one feel hunger, one would go in search of food. Should one sense danger, one would fight and even become aggressive.
Marina: You have a point... That aspect doesn't really change for people or animals.
Kaoru: Indeed. Understanding the principles of behavior is one of the most important aspects of preparing for a role.
Kaoru: Which is why I am presently studying this creature. For when the time comes... Yes, the time when I am given the role of a crow!
Marina: I see. So that's why you were observing them~. You sure take acting seriously, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: I am an actor, after all. This much is a given.
Kaoru: When the time comes that I am able to unfurl wings of ebony upon the stage, I shall give you tickets to the performance.
Marina: Thank you, Kaoru-san. We're looking forward to it.
Kaoru: Fufu, as am I.
Kaoru: Now then, I believe I shall return to observing the crows.
Marina: Okay, Kaoru-san. Go home before it gets dark, okay? See you!
