1291_Kaoru Seta_R4 "Dramatic" Daily Life

Gacha phrase: It takes only the slightest impetus to make the world dramatic.

<Wise Leader and Goddess of Fate>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato)

[Hazawa Coffee]

Kaoru: My, if it isn't Maya and Chisato. Were my little kittens enjoying a graceful tea party?
Maya: Ah, Kaoru-san! Hello. Today we're here to eat a new cake that Chisato-san recommended to me.
Chisato: What a coincidence. I don't see you in here very often.
Kaoru: I have a moment of time to spare before band practice. I too have come to try this fleeting new cake.
Maya: Ohh! Well, since you're here, why don't you join us?
Kaoru: Fufu, what a generous offer. I would gladly accept... is what I would like to say. However, I must confirm the wishes of one other princess.
Maya: Um, I'm okay if Chisato-san's okay with it... What do you think?
Chisato: If you don't mind, Maya-chan, then I don't either.
Kaoru: Fufu, thank you, Chisato. Now, I shall heed your words and take my seat.
Kaoru: This is the perfect occasion, as I have been wanting to thank you, Chisato.
Chisato: Thank me?
Kaoru: You came to watch the theater club's performance just recently, did you not? I must show my appreciation.
Maya: Ah, that's right. Chisato-san, thank you for coming to our show!
Chisato: Fufu, no need to be so formal. You worked so hard on that script, Maya-chan. I just had to see it in action.
Chisato: I only talked to Maya-chan before leaving though... I didn't think you had seen me, Kaoru.
Kaoru: How on earth could I not notice that my little kitten came to watch our show?
Kaoru: Now, what did you think of it? I would be delighted to hear your thoughts.
Maya: I'm also curious! We used an original script this time, but how was it?
Chisato: Let's see, it was a good, passionate show. The main character reminded me of a certain someone.
Kaoru: Oh, and who might that be?
Chisato: At best, she was a wise character who led the others, and at worst, a mysterious character who confused them as to where her true intentions lay with her words and antics.
Kaoru: Fufu... That script was actually inspired by a real person. In other words, that person-
Chisato: Yes, Maya-chan did tell me that the character was based on you, Kaoru.
Kaoru: Ahh, your indifference is ever so fleeting...
Chisato: But it was a very good role for you, Kaoru. There are not many actors who can play a wise leader.
Kaoru: My goodness, how unexpected of you to say such a thing.
Chisato: What do you mean by that?
Kaoru: Only that you are the wise person who led me. For it was you who inspired me to pursue the path of theater, after all.
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: It was your sincere approach to acting that made me take an interest in theater.
Kaoru: I am who I am because of you. You are my wise leader, Chisato... No, perhaps I should call you, my goddess of fate.
Maya: That's true... When I think about it, the same could be said for me.
Maya: I also joined Pastel＊Palettes because of something Chisato-san said.
Kaoru: Yes, it seems both you and I are humans whose lives changed when we met Chisato, the goddess of fate.
Chisato: Don't exaggerate it so much. I just-
Kaoru: Fufu. You need not feel even a tinge of responsibility for this, Chisato. You simply showed us the way, that is all.
Kaoru: Both Maya and I chose that path of our own volition.
Maya: It's just as Kaoru-san said. You may have been what inspired me in the first place, but I was the one who chose to become an idol.
Maya: I don't regret the path I chose back then. I've had my ups and downs, but that's what's made me the person I am today.
Kaoru: Yes, precisely, Maya. And besides, I enjoy being the person I am now more than anything.
Maya: Yeah! Me too!
Chisato: I see... Well, that's a relief.
Kaoru: Fufu, I wonder which roads we will venture down next. Will you watch over us? Oh, goddess of fate.
Chisato: Sure. I was going to watch over Maya-chan whether you asked me to or not, but I guess I could watch over you too when I have a moment to spare.
Kaoru: Fufu, you certainly are as capricious as a goddess...
Maya: Please come to our next performance as well! I'd love to hear your thoughts again!
Chisato: Yes, tell me when your next show is. I will check it against my schedule.
Kaoru: It's reassuring to know that you will watch over us. I vow here and now to make our next play unequivocally fleeting...!
Maya: That's right, Kaoru-san!
Chisato: Fufu... That reminds me, you two have been together ever since middle school, haven't you?
Chisato: Even at yesterday's show, I could sense a great deal of teamwork and trust between you and the staff and cast.
Chisato: I look forward to your next performance.
Maya: Chisato-san...! Huhehe... Hearing that from you makes me feel extremely motivated!
Maya: Kaoru-san! Let's do our best for the next show too!
Kaoru: Yes, of course. No matter the role, I ensure you I will mesmerize all of my little kittens.
Kaoru: For that is the fate of the role of Kaoru Seta.


<Dramatic Guidance>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Phew~, that's that finished for now. Shall we take a break? What should I drink today...?
Marina: Oh? That person over there, the one reading a book... Oiii, Kaoru-san!
Kaoru: My, if it isn't Marina-san? To meet you here so fortuitously, perhaps it was the hands of fate?
Marina: Ahaha... We're about to take a break. Is it okay if we join you?
Kaoru: What a profoundly fleeting suggestion. Of course, you are most welcome.
Kaoru: I plan on watching a play later. I have time before it commences, so I came here to partake in some tea.
Marina: Oh, that sounds like fun. What kind of play is it?
Kaoru: It is the tale of a café on the outskirts of a town. I have seen it before, but it is the kind of play one must experience again. If it piques your fancy, you must go and watch it.
Kaoru: Incidentally, this cafeteria is always so pristine. You certainly are scrupulous. It is prodigiously pleasant.
Marina: You think so? That's good to hear.
Marina: I want everyone to comfortably use this space, you see. That's why I'm always cleaning it.
Kaoru: Your compassion is... Ahh, how fleeting...!
Marina: Fufu. Ah, speaking of cleaning, I heard about something from Ako-chan. Apparently you and Maya-chan helped support Rokka-chan in her role as the spirit captain?
Kaoru: Yes. You see, I cannot simply forbear a troubled little kitten.
Marina: I heard her announcements were really good. Nice one, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: But alas, I merely taught Rokka-chan the basics.
Kaoru: Rokka-chan worked hard of her own accord and brought about the results with her own strength... I simply watched over her.
Marina: Fufu, you're a really good upperclassman, Kaoru-san. Rokka-chan seemed to be really grateful.
Kaoru: I too was honored to assist in raising her curtain.
Marina: Raising Rokka-chan's curtain...? What does that mean?
Kaoru: You see, Rokka-chan challenged herself this time in a way she never has before. From this, it seems as though she has transformed but a fraction into her new self.
Kaoru: No matter how often you borrow another's power or heed their advice, in the end, you must stand on the stage in solitude...
Kaoru: The moment that Rokka-chan raised the curtain on her new self was overwhelmingly dramatic and fleeting.
Marina: Huh... I think I kind of get what you're saying.
Marina: Working at a live house, I see girls transform after all of the practice they do.
Marina: It's really moving and makes me think like, " ahh, that girl just changed in this moment."
Kaoru: Yes, that is entirely what I mean, Marina-san. That moment is moving and supremely dramatic. And thus, the theater of life is fleeting...
Kaoru: Oh my, I must take my leave soon.
Marina: Ah, is it almost time for your play? Have fun.
Kaoru: I most certainly will. Thank you both for an enlightening tea break. Let us be reunited again.
