1306_Kaoru Seta_R3 A Guise For The World

Gacha phrase: Am I truly a comical clown? Or perhaps, this too is a ruse...

<To Trust and Have Faith>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Theater Club]

Maya: Good job, Kaoru-san! At this rate, the fall season production will go off without a hitch!
Kaoru: Fufu, much appreciated, Maya. I have the utmost confidence that it will be a spectacular show.
Maya: Ohh, that's a fine declaration. Yes, it's almost a shame that the last run-through was just a practice.
Kaoru: Indeed. My interpretation of the role, coupled with my physical preparation, has borne fruit.
Kaoru: Moreover... Fufu. I have cause to put on a play that's even more fleeting than usual.
Kaoru: That being said, every time I stand on stage, I put in one hundred percent.
Maya: Oh. Did something happen?
Kaoru: A Halloween event is taking place downtown immediately after the play... I shall be partaking in it.
Maya: Ahh, I saw the poster for that! Are Hello, Happy World! marching in a parade or something?
Kaoru: Not quite... The circus is scheduled to come to the event, you see.
Kaoru: Due to certain circumstances, it's been decided that we will assist said circus. We are promoting it... and performing as the opening act.
Maya: Th-that's quite an unexpected turn of events... However, it sounds like it will be a very interesting show!
Maya: Considering Hello, Happy World!'s style of performance, you'd be perfect for the circus stage!
Kaoru: Yes, no doubt it will be a dazzling evening. You should come as well, Maya, if you so desire.
Maya: I'd love to! I must say, getting ready for the circus sounds tough~.
Maya: You'd need to set up a stage that's different from your regular concerts and theatre plays!
Maya: Subsequently, the costumes will need to be made differently too... How are those tasks coming along?
Kaoru: Hmm. About that... The truth is, I haven't the faintest idea.
Maya: ... What do you mean?
Kaoru: My current attention is on our stage play.
Kaoru: The Hello, Happy World! members encouraged this decision. They said to focus on the Theater Club's performance and leave the preparations to them.
Kaoru: So I'm refraining from participating in any work until the day of the show.
Maya: I-I see. Is that really okay...?
Maya: Oh, I know it's not my place to interfere... I just meant that if I were you, Kaoru-san, I'd be a little worried about how it's going...
Kaoru: Fufu. You are a kind person, Maya. However, I feel zero unease. Not even in the slightest.
Kaoru: If my friends declare they can handle it, then I have absolutely nothing to fear.
Kaoru: My responsibility is to use the time they've given me to ensure our play is a resounding success.
Kaoru: This is the duty they've left me.
Maya: ... I see. I like that way of thinking!
Kaoru: Yes. My trusted companions are setting up a magnificent stage.
Kaoru: So what reason do I have to be concerned?
Maya: Huhehe. One could say you're eager instead of anxious.
Kaoru: Precisely. I can only imagine how fleeting the circus stage and costumes that await me are...
Maya: Yes. I'm looking forward to it too!
Maya: ... Oops. Kaoru-san, our break is almost over.
Kaoru: Oh, my. Sublime time flies by, doesn't it? Are we practicing each scene next?
Maya: Yes! I'm going to go help change the set!
Kaoru: ... Maya.
Maya: Yes, what is it?
Kaoru: Continuing on from what I said earlier... I want you to know, I trust you and the backstage crew too.
Kaoru: You are the backstage confidants who support us actors.
Maya: ... Huh? Wh-why are you suddenly bringing this up?
Kaoru: I simply wanted to let you know how I feel... I have faith in you.
Kaoru: Thus, until the moment I finally stand up on that stage... I am in your hands.
Maya: ...! Yes, leave it to me!


<To Be Trusted>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Hey, isn't that Kaoru-san sitting over there? Hello!
Kaoru: Greetings, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Were you on an adventure out yonder?
Marina: Yes, we were running some errands and just got back.
Marina: That reminds me, great job at the Halloween event the other day! The Hello, Happy World! performance was fantastic.
Kaoru: Oh? I wasn't aware you had come to watch us. Hearing you enjoyed it is music to my ears.
Marina: I heard Hello, Happy World! helped set up the circus. Good work, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Nay, I did not partake in any preparation for the circus. I simply showed up on the day of the show.
Marina: Oh, is that so?
Kaoru: You see, the Theater Club's play coincided with the preparations for the event.
Kaoru: And so everybody insisted I leave the work to them, and devote myself to the play instead.
Marina: I see. How kind of them.
Kaoru: Indeed. By the grace of my bandmates, I could dedicate myself to my theater rehearsals...
Kaoru: Subsequently, on the day of the play, I displayed an enchanting and fleeting performance.
Marina: So that's what happened. In that case, well done on your theater show.
Kaoru: Ah, much obliged. Afterward, I rejoined them to find they'd constructed an enthralling stage and costumes for the circus show.
Kaoru: Naturally, I wasn't worried in the slightest.
Marina: You really believe in your friends, huh?
Kaoru: Absolutely. They told me they would take care of it, so my responsibility was to let them.
Kaoru: That was the number one thing I could do to assist with the circus.
Kaoru: Otherwise, it would be a discourtesy to my Hello, Happy World! comrades. This is what it means to walk alongside each other.
Marina: The Hello, Happy World! members sure are tied to one another with a strong bond.
Kaoru: Precisely. Thus, it is my turn to support the others next.
Kaoru: To entrust and to be entrusted. To support and to be supported... We accumulate a myriad of relationships. Those connections are fleeting, wouldn't you agree?
Marina: Yep! They're beautiful, fleeting relationships. I'll be keeping a close watch on Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Fufu, I pray you look forward to our future accomplishments.
