1393_Kaoru Seta_R4 Graceful Escape

Gacha phrase: Before the day is done, I shall surely claim that which is precious to you!

<Phantom Thief, Offstage>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Café]

Chisato: ... Oh, Kaoru. Fancy seeing you here.
Kaoru: ”Mystical castle..." No, "the castle where the fleeting princess sleepeth..." Yes, much more fleeting.
Chisato: ... Kaoru?
Kaoru: "The fleeting castle where the fleeting princess sleepeth..." Ah, though this beautifully fleeting prose is of my own creation, I find myself in awe...!
Chisato: Can you hear me, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Hm? Ah, Chisato. It seems the fates have seen it fit to bring us together.
Chisato: ... What are you doing? You've been muttering nonsense to yourself.
Kaoru: Ah, such concern for me. I am touched. Sit, sit. The knowledge you seek shall be revealed to you.
Chisato: ... Thank you, I believe I will join you then.
Chisato: So, what are you up to? You have your notebook... Does this mean you're writing poetry?
Kaoru: Fufu, are you intrigued? You see, I am composing a message for a crime that is to be committed.
Chisato: A message for a crime...?
Kaoru: An invitation, if you will, to a truly marvelous show. I am endeavoring to make it a worthy way to start the story.
Chisato: ... Then I take it this is a prop for some sort of event, and that's why you've been focusing so intently.
Kaoru: Correct. Ah, would you be willing to look over what I have composed? With your advice, I feel I shall be able to make it even more fleeting.
Chisato: You do know how busy I am, right...? So let's try to keep this brief.
Kaoru: A hundred, no, a thousand thanks! This is what I have written so far.
Chisato: "When the heavens are illuminated by the tears of maidens fair, let us rendezvous at the fleeting castle where the fleeting princess sleepeth..."
Kaoru: Well? Does simply reading it not fill your heart with anticipation?
Chisato: ... Do you mind if I ask you a question? Actually, I have more than one, but...
Kaoru: Pray tell what it may be. For you, there is no question I will not answer.
Chisato: First, what exactly does "when the heavens are illuminated by the tears of maidens" mean?
Kaoru: Ah, the tears of maidens in the heavens... It is... but that.
Chisato: And that doesn't explain a thing.
Chisato: But since you use the word "when," I assume it's for indicating time. It's just not clear from this line what that time is.
Kaoru: Is it not obvious? The time when the heavens are illuminated by the tears of maidens, of course.
Kaoru: And that is when I shall arrive at the fleeting castle... The words are written on the invitation, are they not?
Chisato: Yes, they certainly are... But I don't think I've ever been quite so confused over the meaning of such a grammatically correct Japanese sentence.
Kaoru: Fufu, it is indeed beautiful prose, is it not?
Chisato: How did you even draw that conclusion...? Tell me, Kaoru. You do understand the meaning of what you've written, right?
Kaoru: ... Chisato. Why must you even ask?
Chisato: Answering a question with a question is practically admitting it. I'm guessing you took words from some poetry collection without understanding the meaning.
Chisato: And even that approach had limits, so you've had to resort to using two fleetings...
Chisato: You really should just consider saving the elegant act for how you behave.
Kaoru: Oh, you think me to be elegant then? You honor me.
Kaoru: But on this, there can be no compromise. This challenge is to serve as an invitation for persons dear to me and therefore requires prose beyond exquisite.
Chisato: ... Okay, you've made it clear you won't change your mind.
Chisato: But I will point out that writing something that sounds poetic won't do any good if those people you care about won't understand the meaning.
Kaoru: ...!
Chisato: ...?
Kaoru: Chisato... I am touched, simply touched. How fleeting your concern for others is...!
Chisato: You're overreacting. All I did was state the obvious.
Chisato: And if the people on the other side can't understand your fancy words, you might as well be writing for yourself. That's not what you want, right?
Kaoru: Indeed, you are not mistaken...! I shall heed your advice and make some adjustments. If you are willing, may I ask for your assistance in this?
Chisato: ... Oh, alright. I've already gotten this involved, so I suppose I can help you a little.
Kaoru: Thank you. Your assistance will be most appreciated. You truly do possess a heart of purest gold.
Kaoru: Might I ask what your thoughts are on improving this invitation?
Chisato: I have only one piece of advice. Keep what you're trying to get across clear and simple.
Chisato: This message is too confusing. As an invitation, it needs to at least make the when and where obvious.
Chisato: And given its function, you should probably include an "I look forward to seeing you" at least. That would create a more favorable impression.
Kaoru: Do you not think that that will result in a message that is all too uninspired and lacking in fleetingness?
Chisato: ... Haven't you been listening to a word I've been saying?
Kaoru: I would not even dare consider ignoring the sound of your voice. But there is nothing in all of creation that does not require fleetingness.
Chisato: I see... This is your invitation, so I won't force you. But at the very least, you should try to make it more understandable.
Kaoru: Thank you for humoring me and not brushing aside what I hold dear. Let us start from the beginning of this message then...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ... What think you?
Chisato: I say it's still a bit too unclear... but you're happy with it, right?
Chisato: Then I don't see any reason to change it. It's up to you to decide anyway.
Kaoru: Ah, you have my gratitude...! Do not fear, I am certain they will solve the riddle within this challenge.
Chisato: Okay, if you say so. Oh, I seem to have stayed a little longer than I intended.
Kaoru: Thank you for spending your precious time with me! I swear I shall someday repay you for this act of kindness.
Chisato: You're welcome, but I'll try not to get my hopes up.


<The Art of the Phantom Thief>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Café]

Kaoru: ... Interesting.
Marina: Hi, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Ah, greetings to you both. If it is a table you seek, you are welcome to join me.
Marina: Thanks! We'll make ourselves comfortable on this side then.
Marina: Oh, didn't notice you were reading a book. Are you sure we're not interrupting?
Kaoru: Not at all. In fact, I just so happened to be considering taking a brief respite.
Marina: Glad we're not bothering you. So, what are you reading?
Kaoru: A tale of a certain phantom thief. Daring yet thoughtful during heists, gentlemanly towards women. There is much to learn from what makes them so charming.
Marina: I see... Ah, are you studying for a role for the theater club's next production or something?
Kaoru: Not quite...
Marina: Oh...?
Kaoru: ... Are you willing to swear to me that word of what I am about to reveal to you will not make its way to the ears of Kokoro and the others?
Marina: ...! Sure. Not a word.
Kaoru: You have my thanks. You see, the other day, I had the pleasure of appearing before everyone as the Happy Phantom Thief.
Marina: The Happy Phantom Thief...?
Kaoru: Yes, it is the phantom thief character that I portray.
Kaoru: Her role is one that I had played in the past to entertain everyone, and Kokoro and Hagumi wished to encounter her once again.
Marina: Alright... So I'm guessing you want to keep this a secret because they don't know she's you.
Kaoru: Correct. What I prepared called for my character to be captured by the detectives portrayed by them. It was made to be a performance for the audience to join.
Marina: Huh~...! That sounds really fun.
Kaoru: I spared no effort, and at the very least, I believe it was turning out to be an entertaining show that was living up to their expectations.
Kaoru: However... It was during the climax. The thief was on the verge of being apprehended when Misaki, who was assisting me, said the unexpected.
Kaoru: "The Happy Thief isn't some fictional character in a movie, so why go out of your way to force their story to end?"
Kaoru: Her words caused the ending to be rewritten to one where the phantom thief makes a graceful escape instead of being captured.
Marina: I can see why Misaki-chan said what she did. The original ending would've been kind of sad... At least people have a potential sequel to look forward to now.
Marina: Ah, I'm not saying the plot you originally came up with was bad or anything. I'm sure it would've been very entertaining, in fact.
Kaoru: Thank you for the kind words... As an actor, I thought I had breathed life into the character known as the Happy Phantom Thief.
Kaoru: And yet, it was not until I heard Misaki's words that I realized that I, more than anyone, saw the Happy Phantom Thief as a fictional character.
Kaoru: But she is very real and shall most certainly appear before everyone once again.
Marina: I guess the Happy Phantom Thief gets to continue existing inside you then.
Kaoru: ...! Yes, she shall continue to be a part of me. After all, Kokoro and the others do so love her very much, and it would not do to disappoint them.
Kaoru: That is why, for the sake of she who dwells within me, I study the art of the phantom thief.
