1421_Kaoru Seta_R4 Special Birthday!

Gacha phrase: My thanks. Fufu, this is indeed a magnificent bouquet.

<A Bouquet the Color of Happiness>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kokoro: Happy birthday, Kaoru!
Hagumi: We all made this together for you! Here you go!
Kaoru: My thanks. Fufu, this is indeed a magnificent bouquet.
Kanon: We picked one of each of the flowers growing at Kokoro-chan's place to make it.
Misaki: Although, considering it's you, you probably get way better bouquets than this all the time.
Kaoru: No, the fact that you considered me and prepared this... That alone makes this present truly irreplaceable.
Hagumi: Wow! It kinda looks you're glowing, Kaoru-kun!
Kokoro: You're right! She's so bright, it's like she's the sun!
Kaoru: It seems this bouquet has amplified my charms...
Kanon: Sh-she looks the same as usual to me...
Misaki: Ahaha, same here... But...
Misaki: She does seem a little more spirited than usual.
Kanon: Fufu, you might be right there.
Kaoru: This brilliance... To confine it to this singular moment would be most regrettable...
Kaoru: Ah, yes. What do you say to preserving this spark for eternity in the form of a photograph?
Hagumi: Ah! But we don't have a camera! What do we do?
Kokoro: Hm... Oh? Someone left a camera here!
Misaki: Ah~. Seems like we have some thanking to do later. Alright, I'll take the photo~. Say cheese.
(White cut)
(Background change)
(White cut)
(Background change)


<A Single Flower>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Shopping Mall]

Kaoru: Snowdrop... liverleaf... No, if I am to go by fleetingness, then should it be the daisy...?
Chisato: ... Kaoru?
Kaoru: Ah, Chisato. It must be fate that has brought the two of us here to this place.
Chisato: I'm just heading home from shopping, that's all. What are you doing here? Buying flowers?
Kaoru: Indeed I am. I would like to gift each of my precious friends a flower, you see.
Chisato: Your friends? In Hello, Happy World!, I assume.
Kaoru: Fufu, precisely. They presented me with a bouquet for my birthday.
Kaoru: Fleeting flowers chosen with me in mind... I must admit, I was rather perplexed at just how much joy swelled in my heart to receive such a gift.
Kaoru: Which is why I am now perusing flowers to purchase for them, so that they too may experience such joy.
Chisato: ... I see. That sounds nice.
Kaoru: Ahhh, but fate can be ever so cruel!
Chisato: ... What?
Kaoru: Each flower I see here is so fleeting, so elegant, who could possibly choose but a single blossom...?!
Kaoru: For Kokoro, who illuminates the world with her smile, the sunflower... but her delicate kindness towards others is none other than that of the lily of the valley...
Kaoru: Ahhh, I cannot decide...! Pray tell, what am I to do...?!
Chisato: ... I don't quite understand, but... why does it have to be a single flower for each of them?
Kaoru: A single flower sounds quite fleeting, you see.
Chisato: ... Oh. Then I'd say you should just pick as many as you like.
Kaoru: As many as I like...?
Chisato: While pouring all your feelings into a single flower is undeniably you... having to pick a single feeling for that purpose isn't your style at all.
Chisato: If you're that overflowing with emotion, then why not just pour all of those feelings into your gifts?
Kaoru: All of them...
Kaoru: Yes, that's it!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: My deepest gratitude, Chisato. Thanks to you, I have made my decision.
Chisato: I didn't do anything.
Kaoru: Fufu. Your humbleness is also quite fleeting... Ah, excuse me? May I trouble you with a request for some flowers?
Kaoru: That one, and that one, and... Yes, five bouquets, please. Ah, and one of these lovely yellow gerberas, as well.
Chisato: ... ? What are you going to do with that?
Kaoru: This... is for you and your beautiful, fleeting heart. For helping me.
Chisato: ...
Kaoru: Thank you, Chisato.
Chisato: ... Well, if that's the case, then sure. I'll take it.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
