1425_Kaoru Seta_R2 Making Even a Goddess Smile

<The Best Café Ever Again>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta)

[KT Smile - Shops]

Kaoru: Gone in an instant, but forever in our hearts. Magnificent flowers that bloom in the night sky...
Kaoru: Blooming on land, blooming in the sky, and blooming in our hearts... Ahh, how fleeting fireworks are...
Kokoro: Oh, Kaoru! Good evening!
Kaoru: Greetings, Kokoro. Fancy meeting you here. This must be our fleeting destiny...
Kokoro: Yep, it's definitely fate!
Kokoro: I actually wanted to thank you again! Your café was so fun, Kaoru!
Kaoru: Is that so? I feel honored.
Kokoro: Hagumi looked like she had the time of her life, and all the guests had lovely smiles on their faces as well.
Kokoro: Only you could create such a nice café, Kaoru!
Kaoru: To bring joy was my primary objective. Let us not forget either that it was only possible because you had faith in me and entrusted me with the entirety of the project.
Kaoru: Moreover, I received much valuable assistance. The waiters of the Kaoru Seta and the Sparkling Little Kittens Café made my heart swell with pride.
Kokoro: Yeah, I should thank the others too!
Kokoro: That reminds me... You were all great as waiters, but the teas and cakes were really yummy too.
Kokoro: Did you also come up with the menu, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Indeed, I did.
Kaoru: I handpicked cakes that best encapsulated the season, and ensured their tastes and appearances were suitably fleeting...
Kaoru: The teas were carefully selected to harmonize with the cakes.
Kokoro: I knew it!
Kokoro: Fufu, no wonder everyone was smiling. The café was jam-packed with your desire to make everyone happy.
Kaoru: Ah, it certainly was. I am overjoyed my feelings were so well-received by you little kittens.
Kaoru: After all, seeing your blissful faces brings me jubilation in turn.
Kokoro: That's so wonderful! Hey, I wanna host guests too!
Kaoru: Oh, you've taken an interest, have you, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Uh-huh. Coming up with a menu and stuff to give people even bigger smiles sounds super-duper fun.
Kaoru: Yes, it was an extraordinarily fleeting time.
Kaoru: ... I have an idea. After disembarking, shall we open another café?
Kaoru: We can request the presence of Tomoe-chan, Masuki-chan, LAYER-chan, and Rui-chan...
Kaoru: And, of course, Misaki, Kanon, Hagumi, and Michelle too. Let us invite those who were unable to attend today, and make it exceptionally merry.
Kaoru: The café this time shall be designed by you, Kokoro. What do you think?
Kokoro: That's an incredible idea, Kaoru! When the time comes, I wanna be a waiter!
Kaoru: In that case, I shall be a guest.
Kaoru: Come to think of it, perhaps Masuki-chan and the others who were waiters should be invited as guests instead.
Kaoru: I'm certain they would delight in a role reversal.
Kokoro: Good idea. Let's contact them right away!
Kokoro: Oh, I know! We should build a stage inside the café for us to perform on!
Kokoro: We'll put on a show together that makes the guests smile! And everyone who wants to perform can get up on the stage!
Kaoru: Ah, how fleeting. I have no doubt it will be the finest, most exquisite café of all time.
Kokoro: Yeah, we'll make it the best café ever! I can't wait, Kaoru!
Kaoru: Nor can I.


<All Are Welcome at Our Tables>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Shopping Mall - Knick-knack Shop]

Marina: All right, we managed to buy everything we needed, so how about we return to CiRCLE? Wait, is that...?
Kaoru: Greetings, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. How fortuitous it is for our paths to cross here.
Marina: Hello, Kaoru-san. We're on our way back after shopping.
Marina: What about you?
Kaoru: I was perusing the teacups.
Kaoru: Behold. There is everything from exquisitely detailed ornamental cups to simple yet tasteful ones.
Kaoru: My, how fleetingly marvelous they all are!
Marina: Yes, they're all very nice. Are you browsing these teacups because you're planning on holding a tea party?
Kaoru: Fufu, do you wish to know more? Then I shall oblige. But be warned, the tale is not a short one...
Kaoru: Not so long ago, I had the honor of planning a café for a cruise organized by Kokoro's household.
Kaoru: The individuals I had carefully selected and approached for assistance were not all familiar with one another...
Kaoru: And yet, by spending time together at sea, new bonds were forged.
Marina: I see. It's always nice to see people getting to know each other.
Kaoru: Indeed. Fufu, how truly fleeting it is that the act of creating with others led to the establishment of relationships.
Kaoru: And it is with the hope of recreating the experience that I seek to organize a tea party.
Marina: A café by you on a cruise ship, huh? Sounds really fun.
Marina: The same goes for that next tea party of yours. I bet something amazing will happen at it as well.
Kaoru: If such is your sentiment, would you both care to be witnesses?
Kaoru: Nay... How much more fleeting would it be were you to be the very ones to trigger the amazing happenstance you speak of?
Marina: Oh, we can come?
Kaoru: That is correct. Not a single soul shall be turned away from our tables.
Kaoru: For we are each a magnificent flower with the power to make tea time a beautifully fleeting affair.
