1509_Kaoru Seta_R3 Graceful Calisthenics

<Everyone and My Little Kitten>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girl's Academy - Courtyard]

Maya: ... This script should not only please your fans but everyone in the crowd too.
Kaoru: Yes... Truly, it has become quite the fleeting tale.
Maya: Not to mention, the protagonist is so engaging. I'm really looking forward to seeing you play them.
Kaoru: I heartily agree. I shall set all of our little kittens' hearts ablaze with my acting.
Kaoru: But there are some points such as the staging and presentation that will require further thought…
Maya: I agree. They can still use some tweaking…
???: Meooow.
Maya: ... Meooow?
Maya: ... W-whoa?!
Kaoru: My, what do we have here...?
Maya: That was a bit of a scare, but it's just a cat... You must be awfully used to people if you can jump onto a stranger's lap like this.
Kaoru: Judging from how it has curled up, it seems that it quite enjoys the comfort of your lap, Maya. I feel as though I am gazing upon a noblewoman enjoying her afternoon tea.
Kaoru: Oh, my. Are you...?
Maya: ...? What is it?
Kaoru: Just as I suspected... You are the naughty little kitten from the other day. It seems this would be our second chance encounter.
Maya: Oh, you recognize this cat?
Kaoru: I do. We were fellow participants in a game tag, you could say. As charming as the little kitten looks, we were quite utterly at its mercy.
Maya: You... played tag together? Wow... Really?
Kaoru: Indeed we did. Is that not so, little kitten?
Cat: Meow!
Kaoru: See? It agrees.
Maya: Ahaha. It actually does kind of look like it can understand you, huh?
Kaoru: Fufu... Ah, but we have veered off from our main course of discussion.
Maya: Oh, yeah... Um, this is just a thought, but what about facing the audience during the scene with the final speech?
Kaoru: You wish to include the audience in the protagonist's soliloquy?
Maya: Mm-hmm. I think it'll be a good way to really draw them in, you know?
Kaoru: I see... Could there perhaps be some changes made to the lines so that they will more directly address the audience then?
Kaoru: I would like to make it so that all of our little kittens there feel as if the protagonist is speaking to them.
Cat: Meow!
Kaoru: Ah, what is the matter, little kitten? Are you perhaps interested in theater?
Maya: Easy there. This script isn't for pawing, kitty. We don't have a part for you in this show.
Cat: Meow~...
Maya: Ahaha, it seems to be sulking.
Kaoru: Fufu, indeed... So, Maya. What would you do to please a little kitten?
Maya: Uh... What about some fish?
Kaoru: ... Pardon?
Maya: Hm? ... Oh.
Kaoru: Yes, I believe this little kitten would quite enjoy such a treat. Is that not so?
Cat: Meow~!
Maya: Wait, wait, isn't this the part where you're supposed to come up with a witty comeback?!
Kaoru: Oh? And why would I do that? You answered my question, did you not?
Kaoru: After all, I did say, "What would you do to please a little kitten?"
Maya: But I misunderstood and thought you were talking about this cat here...
Kaoru: There is no misunderstanding to be had. Just as I wish to please our little kittens in the crowd, I wish to please the little kitten here.
Maya: ... Uh, you are talking about the cat now, right? It feels like you're looking at me, for some reason...
Kaoru: I wonder... Who am I speaking of? If I were to offer you the slightest of clues...
Kaoru: I am speaking of the most adorable of little kittens, sitting by my side.
Maya: So you are talking about me!
Kaoru: An impeccable deduction. Now, allow me to rephrase my previous question...
Kaoru: What can I do to please you, my little kitten?


<All about Her>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Downtown]

Marina: Okay, I think that's everything we need. Time to head back to CiRCLE.
Kaoru: Ah, is that Marina-san and {{userName}}-san I spy? The stars seem to have deigned for our paths to cross on this fine day.
Marina: Oh, Kaoru-san. Hi there. Are you heading somewhere?
Kaoru: I am but simply wandering about. There is no telling when I shall be graced by a fleeting encounter, after all.
Kaoru: And thus it is that I now stand here, speaking with the two of you.
Marina: Fufu, I suppose you're right.
Marina: By the way, I spotted Misaki-chan earlier today, you know.
Marina: I didn't call out to her, though, because she looked like she was in a hurry. I wonder if she has plans today.
Kaoru: I am certain she does. Misaki is a woman trusted and relied upon by many, after all.
Kaoru: Even now, she carries a great deal of responsibility for the progress of our new song. Fufu... She truly is fleeting.
Marina: That sounds like Misaki-chan, all right. She does a lot for Hello, Happy World!, doesn't she?
Kaoru: Indeed, she does. Not only that but...
Marina: ... Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: Forgive me. It is just that... I had a similar experience recently, which I could not help but recall.
Kaoru: Do you remember that fateful day, Marina-san? The day on which we were in the midst of our great search for a certain talisman.
Marina: You bet I do. The one in CiRCLE's lost-and-found, right?
Kaoru: It was on that very day that Michelle accompanied us on our Smile Patrol.
Kaoru: Strangely enough, though Misaki was absent, she quickly became the focal point of our discussions.
Kaoru: Yes... It was as if she were playing the lead role.
Kaoru: Even when a lead is not onstage, their overwhelming presence manifests itself, you see.
Kaoru: That was what Misaki felt like to us on that day.
Marina: Fufu, I see. You all care about Misaki-chan a lot, huh?
Kaoru: Ahh, truer words have ne'er been spoken. Everyone does care about Misaki a great deal. Myself included, of course.
Kaoru: But such feelings, such love, is not for Misaki alone. No, I love everyone in Hello, Happy World! so much so that my feelings cannot be contained.
Marina: It's really obvious how much you care about them.
Kaoru: Thank you. If you do not mind, would you indulge me in allowing me to reminisce a little further about my memories with the others?
Kaoru: This fleeting moment, a chance to speak of my friends... To me, there can be no greater pleasure in this world.
Marina: Of course! If you think we can help, we'll gladly listen.
