1599_Kaoru Seta_R3 Graceful Mage

<The Librarian behind the Door>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Chisato Shirasagi)

[Residential Area]

Kaoru: Welcome home, Andrée...
Kaoru: ... Welcome home, Andrée...
Kaoru: No, that is not it... This is not the fleetingness I am searching for... I seek a more bittersweet, loving fleetingness that scorches the soul...
Kaoru: ... Oh? Do mine eyes deceive me, or is that Chisato I spy? What a pleasant coincidence.
Chisato: Kaoru... It feels like we've been running into each other an awful lot recently...
Kaoru: Yes, it certainly does seem that way. I was not expecting to be able to visit a theme park with you, either... And what a delightfully fulfilling trip that was.
Kaoru: Judging from that bag... Might I assume you are returning home from a shopping excursion?
Chisato: Yes, these are library books. I'm on my way to return them now.
Kaoru: My word... I happen to be en route to the library as well...
Kaoru: This cannot be mere circumstance. Shall we make our way there together?
Chisato: I was planning on relaxing by myself today, but... fine. I suppose I don't have much of a choice, anyway...
Chisato: So? What are you headed to the library for?
Kaoru: I am presently struggling with an upcoming performance, you see... I was hoping that there might be something to be gained from a trip to such a place of learning.
Chisato: Hm, so it's about theater, then... What sort of part are you playing?
Kaoru: Oh, you would ask? Well you see...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Library]

Kaoru: ... ! This is... What a fleeting collection of poetry...
Kaoru: Yes, I can see it... A vision of myself alone, in the middle of the night. My only spectator, the twinkling moon above...
Kaoru: And this novel is simply overflowing with fleetingness, as well... A veritable flood of fleetingness, so much so that I feel faint...
Chisato: Have you found anything that looks like it might be useful reference for your acting, Kaoru? It certainly seems like you have, from the looks of it.
Kaoru: Fufu, I can sense that the goddess of fate's arrival is near. It feels like I am but one step away from stumbling across my glorious answer. Just one step, but...
Kaoru: Well, surrounded by this much fleetingness all around, there is no doubt in my mind that I shall reach a satisfactory conclusion...
Chisato: I-I see... Then I'm going to return these books, okay?
Chisato: ... Hm? It looks like there's a poster advertising some sort of special corner here...
Kaoru: Oh, you are correct. And I cannot help but wonder what sort of corner this may be, wouldn't you agree? Come, let us investigate.
Chisato: There's an arrow here. Hm... This way...?
Kaoru: It would seem to be pointing towards this doorway here, no? Shall we?
Chisato: Sure. But was this doorway always here...?
(Black cut)

[Special Corner]

Chisato: Goodness, look at all of these books...! I never knew this section of the library existed.
Kaoru: Nor did I. Fufu, I must give thanks for such a... fleeting meeting.
Chisato: Oh? Is that... a librarian over there?
Kaoru: It would seem so, yes. And a quite lovely one, at that. Eyes filled with knowledge, yet steeped in sorrow...
Kaoru: Ah, how fleeting...
Chisato: Kaoru. It's rude to stare.
Kaoru: Ah, forgive me. She was simply too fleeting, I couldn't help myself...
Librarian: ... How did you get in here?
Chisato: I-I'm sorry, are we not allowed in this room? I thought this was the special corner...
Chisato: We'll leave right away. Come on, Kaoru... Kaoru?
Kaoru: This is it...! I've found it! That which I seek...!
Chisato: ... What?
Kaoru: That sullen expression, that dour voice that nonetheless carries with it affection it cannot fully hide... And such fleeting eyes, as if they are longing for someone's arrival...
Kaoru: This is exactly what I've been searching for...!
Librarian: Your parents never taught you to be quiet in the library, I suppose?
Kaoru: Ah, pardon me, my fleeting librarianess... I lost myself for a moment there.
Chisato: ... I don't really get it, but it seems like you've figured out the image you want for your role, right?
Kaoru: Yes. A glorious revelation has descended upon me, here and now. With this, the performance shall be a stunning success, that much is sure.
Kaoru: I must return home and birth this idea into being immediately...
Librarian: ... I don't understand a word of what you're saying.
Chisato: I'm sorry for causing such a fuss... Come, Kaoru. We're going.
Kaoru: Ahhh, prithee hold, Chisato. I must first show appreciation to our librarian friend here. My thanks, and...
Kaoru: My apologies for disturbing you. From the bottom of my heart... I hope that we may meet again.


<Grateful for Fleeting Encounters>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Station Entrance]

Kaoru: Salutations, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Out shopping today, are we?
Marina: Hi there, Kaoru-san. We're actually on our way back to CiRCLE now.
Kaoru: Then we are headed in the same direction. Would you allow me the pleasure of accompanying you?
Marina: Of course. Oh, that's right. I heard you went to a theme park the other day, didn't you?
Kaoru: Ah, so you have heard, then? Fufu, it would seem that rumors of Kaoru Seta are destined to spread like wildfire...
Marina: Fufu. I also heard they were doing a special fortunetelling event, too.
Kaoru: Ah, yes. We encountered a fortuneteller who carried an aura much more befitting of a witch... I had her read my fortune as well.
Kaoru: And what a fleeting future she did see. Not only that, it came to pass in the most marvelous way...
Marina: Marvelous?
Kaoru: Indeed. My last performance was a spectacular success, but... to be frank, shortly before that, I was in quite the predicament regarding one certain line...
Kaoru: However, after visiting a library together with Chisato, I had a fateful encounter with the most fleeting of librarians...
Kaoru: And it was then and there I found my revelation.
Marina: A revelation, huh...? Fufu, that sounds awfully grand. But good for you!
Kaoru: Thank you, Marina-san... Truly, I must give thanks to all of the fleeting meetings I have in life.
Marina: Fleeting meetings...?
Kaoru: Yes. Because in order for me to attain this revelation I sought so desperately, I need have visited not only the theme park, but the library with Chisato, as well.
Kaoru: It was a culmination of multiple fleeting happenstances which led to the grand success of that performance... In other words, all of those meetings were... fleeting fate, if you will.
Marina: I see... I guess you could say that we are where we are now because of all sorts of different happenings and circumstances linking together, true.
Kaoru: Exactly. Which is why there is no such thing as a meaningless meeting. No, each encounter should be treasured... That is what I realized.
Kaoru: So even today, my meeting you... This may be some sort of revelation, as well.
Marina: Fufu, it might be, for all we know.
Kaoru: And with that, I must take my leave. We shall be practicing our new song at Kokoro's residence in short time.
Marina: Good luck at practice, then. Thanks for talking with us!
Kaoru: No, thank you. And I hope in the near future, we may have the pleasure of performing for you our latest masterpiece.
