1620_Kaoru Seta_R5 Fleetingness Lying Down

<Fleetingness Lying Down>

Anime story


<Fall Fun Magic>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Forest Park]

Kaoru: Ahhh... Such beauty...
Hagumi: Right? Isn't this amazing?!
Kokoro: It's just like you said, Hagumi! There's pretty leaves everywhere~!
Misaki: I know you said you knew a good place to see the fall colors, but this is incredible...
Kokoro: Okay, let's have lunch here!
Kanon: We have the tarp, the lunchboxes, and... Huh?
Misaki: What's wrong, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Oh, no. We forgot to buy drinks...
Hagumi: I'll go buy some for everyone! There's a store over there!
Kaoru: Five drinks for one kitten would be far too much a burden. Let me accompany you.
Hagumi: Thanks, Kaoru-kun!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Path]

Kaoru: Ah... Such towering, gorgeous clouds grasping towards the heavens... And radiant shades of autumn foliage beneath our feet... How fleeting...
Hagumi: Hah! Hmph! Yah! ... Ehehe, I got one!
Kaoru: Ahh... The sight of Hagumi, trying her hardest to capture the leaves as they dance so mischievously around her is also quite fleeting...
Kaoru: ... Hm? Oh, my...
Hagumi: What is it, Kaoru-kun?
Kaoru: Gaze upon this, Hagumi. A chestnut.
Hagumi: Wow, you're right. They really hurt if you pick one up and get poked by the thorns~...
Kaoru: Hm. Indeed, their rather fearsome appearance does dissuade one from attempting to near, but beneath that thorned shell lies a kindly, sweet interior.
Hagumi: Ah...! You're right, chestnuts do taste really good, huh?! I really like eating chestnut rice!
Kaoru: Yes. That gentle, warm-hearted flavor of chestnut rice is completely at odds with the rather rugged individual before us now... But that bashful nature of yours is also so fleeting.
Hagumi: Oh, I get it~. So they're just shy! I never knew~!
Kaoru: Letting my imagination run wild at the thought of such fleetingness, hidden from the naked eye... Yes, that is how I, Kaoru Seta, enjoy autumn.
Hagumi: Wow, wow! I never thought about having fun like that!
Kaoru: Fufu... Fleetingness is found in the little things, after all.
Kaoru: Ah... And what do we have here? Hagumi, do you see what is hidden underneath this fallen leaf?
Hagumi: It's... a mushroom? Is it a matsutake? Or maybe it's a shiitake.
Kaoru: No matter what kind of fungi it may be.. It is quite yellow, is it not?
Hagumi: Yeah! It's super yellow!
Kaoru: It takes quite a long time for a mushroom to be able to gain such a deep shade of ochre.
Kaoru: Perhaps this little kitten also wished to become as beautiful as the leaves cascading around it someday... and we are witnessing the fruits of its efforts now.
Kaoru: Ah... To think of all the blood, sweat, and tears, all of the time this little mushroom spent... It sends the heart aflutter.
Hagumi: Oh, totally! I tried really hard for a long time to get to the point where I could fry croquettes the same golden-brown color as my dad! I know just how this mushroom feels!
Kaoru: ... Gasp! Hagumi! Just now, the muses have deigned to strike me with poetic inspiration. Would you lend me your ear?
Hagumi: Sure! Go for it!
Kaoru: "Through fields of gold I walk with a friend Where a single beautiful blossom is found A croquette-colored mushroom so fleeting..."
Hagumi: Wow, wow wow~! I'll think of a poem, too!
Hagumi: "Mushrooms really like, hiding under fallen leaves, that is where they grow!" "My dad's croquettes and all the leaves around us are, pretty golden-brown!"
Kaoru: Ahhh... Such fleeting verses... Hagumi, you are truly a wonderful poet.
Hagumi: Really?! Yay~!
Kaoru: With each little piece of autumn we discover, I feel ever more fleeting and fleeting. Wouldn't you agree?
Hagumi: Yeah! It's like when I'm with you, fall is way more fun than ever!
Kaoru: Fufu... You honor me with your words.
Hagumi: Oh, I've got an idea! As thanks, I'll teach you one of my favorite things about fall, too!
Hagumi: Uh~, let' see~... Ah! Over there!
Kaoru: Hagumi? Where art thou headed?
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Found some~! Okay, get ready, aaand~...! Jump~!
Hagumi: Yaaay~! It's so soft~!
Kaoru: Fufu... What a mischievous kitten you are. But come now, you will dirty your clothes. Can you rise?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi: C'mon, Kaoru-kun! You too!
Kaoru: Huh? Wha- Wh-whoa?!
Hagumi: See? Doesn't this feel good?!
Kaoru: ... Yes. Yes, it does. Fufufu.
Hagumi: If you lie down like this on a nice soft bed of leaves, it really makes it feel like fall's here!
Kaoru: Indeed... It is almost as if one is experiencing autumn's presence with the whole of their body.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: The gentle caress of the sun's rays... The sea of blue sky above... it all feels for some reason greater, vaster than when we were simply strolling around.
Hagumi: Yeah! It's nice and cushiony, like we're floating in the sky.
Kaoru: Yes... It's quite invigorating... I've not experienced this side of autumn before.
Kaoru: Fufu. Being with you makes autumn much more enjoyable for me, as well.
Hagumi: Really?! Ehehe, that makes me really happy to hear~!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: C'mon you two~, what are you doi-... Whoa, what're you lying there for?! That's the ground, you know?!
Kaoru: Why, we are experiencing autumn together. Would you care to join us?
Kokoro: Oh, that sounds great! Sure, I'm in! Yay~!
Hagumi: Wow, all the leaves are falling down like snow! Come on, Kano-chan-senpai! You too!
Kanon: Ah, Hagumi-chan, don't pul-... F-fuee...!
Misaki: H-hey, Kanon-san, are you alrig-... Wahh?!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: You were right! Looking up at the sky together with everyone like this is a lot of fun!
Kaoru: Fufu. Kokoro, it seems a strikingly crimson leaf has found its way atop your precious little nose.
Kokoro: Oh?
Misaki: Pfft. What the-... Ahaha!
Hagumi: Kokoron, you look like a reindeer!
Kanon: Fufu... You really do.
Kaoru: Ah... Truly, autumn is many times more pleasant when I am with all of you.
(Black cut)
