1628_Kaoru Seta_R3 Revered Opera House

<One Day on That Stage>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hina Hikawa, Maya Yamato, Yukina Minato, Lisa Imai)

[Opera House]

Kaoru: Fufu... Any soul that saw that play would unquestionably have their heart moved by this program...
Maya: Right! It conveys the actors' enthusiasm for the play and their passion for playing their parts!
Kaoru: Indeed. It was the very endless fleetingness I felt from the stage.
Kaoru: I am confident that they also thrive on stage and live for the chance to breathe life into their roles.
Maya: I found the pages about their behind-the-scenes stage creation quite remarkable.
Maya: To think they would operate everything from stage setting to audio equipment on a scale like that... It's so exciting!
Kaoru: I suppose that is to be expected of a world-leading theater.
Maya: But a thought crossed my mind as we were watching that rendition...
Kaoru: Oh? Please do tell.
Maya: Huhehe... It might have been because the play was Romeo and Juliet.
Maya: I thought about what it would be like... to see you on that grand stage someday.
Kaoru: Fufu... If that were to happen, I am sure that you would be watching my gallant figure from backstage.
Maya: That would be the best seat ever! I'd do everything I can to support you.
Kaoru: Yes. And I shall be sure to put on the finest Shakespearean performance.
Kaoru: Thanks to its performers, playwrights, and spectators, that play has changed as though it were a living creature over the past hundreds of years.
Kaoru: That shall continue to be the case evermore. As the play is performed, viewed, and felt by scores of people, it will most certainly continue to change for eternity.
Kaoru: Among the tales inherited in that way, I intend to perform Shakespearean works in ways no one has ever witnessed, as I have done in the past.
Kaoru: "It is the east, and Juliet is the sun!" ... Like so.
Maya: Ohh! That's just what I would expect from you, Kaoru-san. You're so full of confidence!
Maya: I think I might actually like your version of Romeo the most.
Kaoru: Fufu. You would say that after having witnessed such a magnificent staging?
Maya: Of course! I'm sure you'll be able to stand on that stage one day!
Maya: More importantly, I'd like to see more of your Romeo!
Kaoru: As you wish. I was hoping to surrender myself to the fleetingness brimming within my chest.
(Black cut)
Lisa: Phew~! The register was a little packed, but it looks like we'll make it for our meeting time.
Hina: And I got to buy a weird miniature model too. I wonder how Kaoru-kun and Maya-chan will react when I show it to them!
Lisa: ... Hey, wait. Where are Kaoru and Maya...? I'm sure they should be in this café...
Yukina: It seems they are both not present.
Lisa: What~?! You can't be serious! I told them not to go off without saying anything~!
Hina: Wow! If they disappeared even though Maya-chan was there, I bet something pretty boppin' happened♪
Hina: Ah, look! There's a crowd of people over there!
Lisa: You're right. Is there a street performance or something? The two of them might've gone to go see it!
Yukina: ... Do you think so? They do not seem to be in the audience.
Kaoru: Come, bitter conduct, come, unsavory guide!
Kaoru: Thou desperate pilot, now at once run on the dashing rocks thy sea-sick weary bark! Here’s to my love!
Hina: Actually, isn't that person in the middle of the crowd Kaoru-kun?
Lisa: What?! You're right. What is she doing there...?!
Yukina: More importantly, why is Seta-san putting on a performance?
Maya: Ah, everyone, you're just in time!
Lisa: Maya?! Why are you mingled in with the spectators?!
Maya: Ahaha... I asked Kaoru-san to do some improvisation, and she ended up drawing a crowd in no time...
Hina: Kaoru-kun really is impressive. The audience is so hyped up even though they don't understand Japanese!
Maya: Yeah! It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say this spot is just like the stage at the Opera House!
Lisa: E-even Maya's hyped up... I guess she really is one of Kaoru's fans too.
Kaoru: ... Oh? Welcome back, my dear kittens.
Kaoru: My dear spectator kittens, though I am loath to leave you... the time to bid you farewell has arrived. Please do watch my Shakespearean acting again someday!
Hina: Ah, Kaoru-kun's back! Welcome back!
Kaoru: Greetings, everyone. Have I kept you waiting?
Lisa: You sure are incredible to have made fans in no time, even when we're overseas...
Kaoru: Fufu... No matter what part of the world I may find myself in, my fleetingness shall never change. It is likely inevitable that I enthrall all dear kittens in this way.


<Magic of Travels>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Downtown]

Kaoru: Salutations, {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence. Are you perhaps shopping?
Kaoru: Fufu. My compliments on your diligence. Might I convince you to take a moment of respite and converse with me?
Kaoru: We can speak of my school excursion. I believe Lisa has already presented you with your souvenir, so I thought to share that tale with you.
Kaoru: If your time would allow, I ask you to permit me to present you with the story of our fleeting journey... What say you?
Kaoru: Fufu... You have my thanks. Now then, please hearken to my account.
Kaoru: Our travels were tumultuous from the rise of the curtain... Our hearts raced in the face of the grandest event of our high school lives as the plane bore us to the heavens...
Kaoru: Countless times I thought I would meet my end... Still, I emboldened my spirit, and we finally alighted upon foreign shores.
Kaoru: What I laid my eyes upon there was a truly magnificent and fleeting landscape...
Kaoru: Sydney and Uluru... Both were majestic, beautiful, and brimming with fleetingness.
Kaoru: And, above all, the rendition of Romeo and Juliet we saw at the Opera House was stupendous.
Kaoru: I remember discussing my impressions with Maya and the others following the performance as if it were yesterday.
Kaoru: Maya, in particular, is a compatriot from Theater Club, where we have deepened our bonds over time.
Kaoru: I consider her an irreplaceable partner with whom I can discuss every facet of theater.
Kaoru: However... as we discussed on an evening of our scholastic sojourn, admission exams await us...
Kaoru: This, in turn, means that our graduation performance is also close at hand.
Kaoru: It is not only Maya. What kind of paths will my travel companions follow...? I do not yet know.
Kaoru: Of course, there will surely be friends who will walk separate paths.
Kaoru: And there was even a darling kitten fretting over departing from where she presently found herself.
Kaoru: At Sydney Airport, her somewhat melancholic countenance caught my eye.
Kaoru: And yet, it seemed there was naught to worry about. As Shakespeare once said...
Kaoru: "There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so..."
Kaoru: With but a mere opportunity, the disheartened kitten smiled anew and spread her wings. Travels are never without such magic as that.
Kaoru: I just so happened to witness that moment.
Kaoru: The sight of that dear kitten pleasantly spreading her wings seemed more akin to a bird freely flying the sky that is the future...
Kaoru: What do you think? Was that not a truly fleeting tale?
Kaoru: Fufu. I am delighted that you have enjoyed it. My thanks for lending me your ear.
Kaoru: I imagine you may have a tireless schedule, but please do come see the Theater Club's graduation performance.
Kaoru: I shall be waiting with a premium seat prepared just for you. Now then, I bid you adieu.
