1647_Kaoru Seta_R4 “School Prince”

Gacha phrase: Are you really okay with this...?!

<Kaoru Seta, Second Movement>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Maya Yamato)

[Haneoka Girls' Academy - Roof]

Kaoru: ...
Maya: Kaoru-san, everything's been put away.
Kaoru: Ah, Maya. My thanks.
Maya: What have you been up to up here? Everyone in the theater club's already gone home.
Kaoru: Fufu... With the setting sun as my companion, I have been savoring some fleeting moments.
Maya: Fleeting moments... Ahaha, so you've been basking in the afterglow then.
Kaoru: I suppose that is one way to put it. As always, Maya, it is as you have said.
Kaoru: ... We were able to put together quite the play this time, would you not say?
Maya: Absolutely! It felt like the applause at the end was never going to end.
Kaoru: Yes. If people were able to enjoy themselves to such a degree, clearly, our efforts did not go to waste.
Kaoru: More so than usual, I poured my soul into my acting, as did everyone in the theater club with their roles... And we succeeded in bringing the play to life in the truest sense.
Maya: Everyone did work tirelessly day in, day out.
Maya: And if I do say so myself, the play lived up to the name of being the culmination of "Kaoru Seta" for sure!
Kaoru: It was your efforts and the efforts of everyone else that made it possible. Thank you.
Kaoru: ... Maya.
Maya: C-can I ask why you're suddenly offering your hand?
Kaoru: Fufu. There is no need to be embarrassed. I simply wish to shake hands.
Maya: I know, but...! Er... Okay. I'd like to thank you, too, though.
Maya: I was able to give my all and make sure the props, the set, and the staging were all just right.
Maya: It was a great privilege to get an opportunity again at the end to put together such an amazing play with all of you... I'll never forget this memory.
Kaoru: My feelings are the same. If I cannot be proud of such a great success, what else could I possibly be proud of?
Kaoru: Although, out of everything I have managed to gain, it is your friendship that I consider to be one of my greatest treasures.
Maya: I feel that way about you as well.
Maya: The amazing actor, "Kaoru Seta," touched me, gave me courage, and taught me so much.
Maya: That's why I was able to enjoy myself and work hard, and I'm sure I'm not the only one who felt that way.
Kaoru: To hear such words from you is an honor.
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta shall continue to shine within the hearts of all, much like the words left by a certain immortal genius...
Kaoru: That is my hope... and how I strongly wish to be.
Kaoru: And so, today marks a finale for the play that is myself.
Maya: ... Yes...
Kaoru: Therefore... I must immediately begin marching onward to the next act.
Kaoru: Fufu, I sense hectic times ahead.
Maya: What? The next act...? Um, I thought you just said this was a finale...?
Kaoru: Indeed, I did. This is an ending.
Kaoru: However, it is not the ending... It is but a pause that marks the next beginning!
Maya: ...! S-so, what exactly is about to begin?
Kaoru: You saw the copious amounts of fan mail I received for this performance, did you not?
Maya: Ah, yes! Of course. There was even more than usual!
Maya: I see now. I take it you want to give something back to everyone again.
Kaoru: How could I not? Each letter represents the feelings of a little kitten given form.
Kaoru: I must demonstrate how much strength and warmth I have received.
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta is not someone who forgets the gratitude she feels toward her fans. She never has, and she never will, either.
Maya: Well, that is the "Kaoru Seta" way!
Maya: Alright! In that case, I'd like to help!
Kaoru: Fufu, are you certain? You yourself have barely had any time to rest because of the many preparations that had to be made lately.
Maya: Not an issue! If anything, I'm just so glad I get to be a part of what's next for you.
Kaoru: Thank you, Maya. Then may I ask you for your assistance?
Maya: Of course! Um, what did you give back last time again?
Kaoru: I believe it was cards with a photograph of myself.
Maya: Hm... Then that means the preserved flowers with mini letters came right before that.
Maya: Hmm... Whatever it is should be different from before while still being memorable...
Kaoru: Aha. This is what I have in mind. Tell me what you think. I wish to prepare something special and different, so...
(Black cut)


<Kaoru Seta Gives Back>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Park]

Marina: Phew~, that was good! Nothing beats eating a pork bun outside in the middle of winter, don't you think?
Kaoru: Greetings, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Are you resting?
Marina: Hi, Kaoru-san! Yeah, we're just taking a quick breather after finishing an errand.
Kaoru: I see. Please enjoy your well-deserved rest. I myself have been taking a stroll while thinking.
Marina: Thinking...?
Kaoru: Yes... You see, the theater club performed a Christmas play the other day.
Kaoru: Although I am part of the club no longer, I wished to set foot on stage to give something back to the little kittens who yearned to see me perform once again.
Kaoru: I have been reminiscing about that play and basking in its afterglow.
Marina: A Christmas play, huh...? Looks like leaving the theater club hasn't dented your popularity. You really are something!
Kaoru: Fufu, you will find no argument from me.
Kaoru: However, it was the efforts of the theater club that made the play the great success that it was...
Kaoru: Not only that, it would not have been possible without the continued support and feelings of the fans of "Kaoru Seta."
Marina: Based on everything, I'm guessing it went pretty well then.
Kaoru: That it did. Ahh, theater truly is wonderful...
Kaoru: Ever since I encountered theater, my heart has been captivated by its magic.
Kaoru: The things I felt and experienced back then continue to shine fleetingly within me even now... I cannot thank Chisato enough for starting me on this path.
Marina: Oh yeah, you did mention before that Chisato-chan was part of the reason why you got interested in theater, huh?
Kaoru: Yes, the sight of little Chisato acting out her role all those years ago deeply moved me.
Kaoru: Even now, I have but to close my eyes to clearly see how radiant she was!
Marina: Her acting must've been really impressive. That says a lot about her.
Kaoru: It was truly impressive. There was so much confidence and passion...
Kaoru: It is only because of her that I am now such a wonderful "Kaoru Seta."
Kaoru: And I know of only one way that I can repay this debt to Chisato and theater...
Marina: And that is...?
Kaoru: To continue shining brightly as "Kaoru Seta," of course! Therefore, I shall continue to be "Kaoru Seta!"
Kaoru: Proudly and with my head held high! For that is what "Kaoru Seta" is...!
Marina: Er, I'm kind of getting confused... So, basically, you'll keep doing your... best...?
Kaoru: That interpretation will do.
Kaoru: "Kaoru Seta" shall continue to evolve and always remain fleeting... It is... but that...
Marina: Fufu, that's something we can both get behind.
Marina: Whether it's theater or music, we can't wait to see what you'll accomplish.
Kaoru: I will make sure that your expectations are met. This, I promise...!
Kaoru: Anyhow, I should depart. Please enjoy your afternoon.
Marina: Fufu, thanks.
Kaoru: And thank you. Until we cross paths once again.
(Black cut)
