1692_Kaoru Seta_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Ah...! How fortunate I am!

<Little Philosophers>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seta Residence - Kaoru's Room]

Kokoro: Kaoru! Happy Birthday!
Hagumi: Happy Birthday!! I got you some coupons from Kitazawa Meats!
Kaoru: Fufu... Thank you...!
Misaki: Hey! Weren't we all going to wish her a happy birthday together?!
Kokoro: Ah, that's right! Once I saw Kaoru, I was brimming with the desire to celebrate!
Hagumi: Me too!
Misaki: Well, I figured it wouldn't go according to plan... So I'll just follow suit and say it, too. Kaoru-san, Happy Birthday.
Kanon: Fufufu. So will I. Happy Birthday, Kaoru-san.
Kaoru: Ahh...! How blessed I am! Who could have foreseen that everyone would join together like this and celebrate the day of my birth?
Kaoru: Would you allow me to invite Socrates and the others to this glorious celebration?
Misaki: S-Socrates...?
Kokoro: I don't quite understand, but they just need to celebrate with us, right?! Of course that's okay!
Kaoru: Fufu. Thank you. I dearly wanted to introduce them to all of you. Would you accompany me to the veranda?
Misaki: Whoa! There are a bunch of planters! ... Is Socrates this spinach?
Kaoru: Fufu. Does he not look intellectual? To tell you the truth, I recently started raising them. We have been living together harmoniously.
Kokoro: These little ones are so full of energy!
Kanon: But why did you suddenly start a home garden...?
Kaoru: I recalled the time we traveled to Misaki's grandmother's house. I wished to once again savor the joy of the harvest.
Kaoru: So, in addition to Socrates, I am raising Nietzsche and Aristotle thusly.
Misaki: I see... Nietzsche is the carrot, and Aristotle is the green pea plant... I don't know why, though.
Kaoru: Though these vegetables do not yet know of the world, they will surely grow large quickly. Once they are harvested, I would love you all to partake of them.
Kokoro: Yes! Of course!
Hagumi: When that happens, I'll bring some croquettes to celebrate!
Kanon: Fufu. Cooking together seems like it would be fun.
Kaoru: Ahh, my heart yearns for that moment...!


<Green Invitation>

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Kaoru Seta)

[Station Entrance]

Kaoru: Greetings. To think that I would have a chance meeting with you here, my dear kitten... Could this be due to the spectacular mischief of a higher power?
Rimi: Kaoru-san...! You're so lovely again today...!
Kaoru: Fufu... Thank you. Your smile is so magnificent that not even the sun could surpass it. My eyes feel as though they will be dazzled by its radiance.
Rimi: Th-that's not true~...
Rimi: Ah! I have something I want to give you.
Rimi: Here it is... Um... Happy Birthday!
Kaoru: Thank you. Might I be permitted to look inside?
Rimi: Yes! Although... I don't know if it will suit your tastes...
Kaoru: Ahh... This is a prodigious towel. The downy texture is exceedingly fleeting!
Kaoru: The wisteria-color fabric is carefully embroidered with my initials... It is quite stunning.
Rimi: I bought the towel at a store, but I embroidered your initials...
Kaoru: How fleeting...! I am most heartened that you thought of me with every stitch you sewed.
Kaoru: Ah, yes. I shall tell Socrates and Nietzsche of this happiness as well...!
Rimi: Socrates...? Nietzsche...?
Kaoru: Indeed. Each day, Socrates shakes his leaves so happily when I water him. His figure, ready to leap from his pot at any moment, brims with vitality and gives me energy.
Kaoru: And Nietzsche eagerly extends his vibrant leaves so that he does not lose to him. He may be dyed orange within the soil due to his timidity.
Rimi: I-I see...
Kaoru: Here is a picture from yesterday. Would you care to view it? They are achieving such magnificent growth that I almost want to photograph them day after day.
Rimi: Ah, you were talking about these vegetables~! So the spinach is Socrates, and the carrot is Nietzsche.
Kaoru: Indeed. Once these dear ones have grown, I intend to hold a harvest festival with all of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: Once we have harvested them, I am thinking of creating a curry. When I do, would you do me the honor of supping with us?
Rimi: Huh? Me...?
Kaoru: I would like to treat you to a meal as thanks for your present.
Rimi: Kaoru-san's handmade food... How wonderful...!
Kaoru: Fufu... When that time comes, I shall send you an invitation.
Rimi: Okay! I'm looking forward to it.
