1702_Kaoru Seta_R4 Graduation

<Messages from Underclassmen>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Misaki Okusawa, Eve Wakamiya, Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio, Rei Wakana, Rokka Asahi, Masuki Sato, Reona Nyubara, Chiyu Tamade)

Kasumi: Kaoru-san, congrats on graduating!
Kasumi: Me and Rimi-rin went to see your play! Everyone on stage was so sparkly...
Kasumi: But you were the sparkliest. You were really, really cool!
Arisa: Kaoru-san, congratulations on your graduation.
Arisa: There were times when I didn't understand what you were saying, but there were just as many times when your words were really helpful.
Arisa: That's who you probably are, so please keep being yourself, and good luck with music and theater.
Rimi: Kaoru-san! Congratulations on your graduation...!
Rimi: Thanks to you, I've really, really enjoyed high school life!
Rimi: Even while you're in college, please keep creating wonderful works of theater. I'll always be your super fan...!
Tae: Congratulations, Kaoru-san.
Tae: You may be the graceful guitarist on stage, but I also know about all the calluses on your left hand.
Tae: Let's talk guitar again! And please keep being you even in college!
Saya: Kaoru-san, congratulations on graduating.
Saya: The first thing that comes to mind when I think of us is that wedding photoshoot.
Saya: I was nervous the whole time, but I was able to smile thanks to you. Keep on making the people around you smile.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ran: Seta-san, congratulations on graduating. It feels weird because I've heard more about you from Himari than I have from you personally.
Ran: I can see why you're well-liked by everyone though. You're unconventional in a lot of ways, but you're a good person who makes everyone smile.
Ran: I hope you never change.
Moca: Kaoru-senpai~, congratulations on your graduation~.
Moca: I looked forward to the "Shakespeare with Kaoru Seta" lunchtime broadcasts every day~.
Moca: Thanks so much for those afternoon nuggets of elegance~.
Tsugumi: Seta-senpai, congratulations on graduating! I got to see so many of your performances because of all the times Himari-chan invited me.
Tsugumi: The way you managed to move people through acting on stage is something I'll never forget.
Tsugumi: Please continue to move even more people. I can't wait to see what you'll accomplish!
Tomoe: Seta-senpai, congratulations on graduating.
Tomoe: You're always thinking about others, and I figure that's why everyone likes you. In my case, it's why I've always respected you.
Tomoe: The person after me is one of the people who's crazy about you. There's no doubt about it since she's always been watching you.
Himari: I-it's my turn?! O-oh no, I told myself I would smile during this recording, but the tears won't stop...
Himari: But anyway, this is for seeing you off, so... Kaoru-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
Himari: It's been such a pleasure to go to the same school as you. I'll always keep supporting you...! And I'll send you fan mail again, so please be sure to read it!
Himari: Kaoru-senpai... I love you! Thank you so much for everything!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Ako: Kaoru, congrats on graduating!
Ako: I want to be able to strike cool poses and say cool stuff like you do on stage...!
Ako: Like this...! Judgement of darkness strike you! It is but that...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Eve: Kaoru-san, congratulations on your graduation!
Eve: I still remember how touched I was when I visited your uncle's villa, and it reminded me of the scenery in Finland.
Eve: I will continue to dedicate myself so that I can also show you some wonderful scenery from on stage someday!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
CHU² (Chiyu): Kaoru, congrats on graduating. I consider your ability to enchant the crowd from on stage to be top-tier.
CHU² (Chiyu): Keep honing your performance. That's what suits you the best.
LAYER (Rei): Seta-san. Congratulations on your graduation.
LAYER (Rei): Do you remember that time we served as waiters aboard the cruiser? That was an entertaining experience, and so too were the other things that happened.
LAYER (Rei): I hope you keep using your ability to take the initiative to show lots of people entertaining sights.
LOCK (Rokka): Kaoru-senpai, congratulations on your graduation!
LOCK (Rokka): To be honest, I used to find you a little strange at first. You came up with so many unique ideas when I was in charge of the school cleaning day announcement.
LOCK (Rokka): But those ideas also helped me countless times. Thank you very much!
MASKING (Masuki): Hello, Kaoru-san. Thanks for everythin' when we were on that cruiser together.
MASKING (Masuki): Out of everythin' you said, one thing in particular really stuck with me. It's that whole "heart being the most important" thing.
MASKING (Masuki): So I'd like to say this from my heart... Congrats on graduatin'.
PAREO (Reona): Kaoru-san, congratulations on your graduation!
PAREO (Reona): I have actually recorded videos of your mannerisms and the way you carry yourself on stage to use as references for myself!
PAREO (Reona): Fufu, I thought I might as well use this opportunity to tell you. I continue to look forward to your future accomplishments♪
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: K-Kaoru-san, congratulations on your graduation...!
Mashiro: I felt a little nervous about speaking to you because you've always been surrounded by so many people.
Mashiro: But when I spoke to you, you were actually really nice... So, umm, thank you very much.
Tsukushi: Kaoru-senpai, congratulations on your graduation.
Tsukushi: You have such a nice posture. I've always admired you and how your back is always so straight even when we speak at Hazawa Coffee.
Tsukushi: I've actually secretly been working on keeping my back straight, and my little sisters said I was cool! Thank you for everything!
Nanami: Kaoru-senpai, congratulations on your graduation~.
Nanami: Lisa-senpai showed me before what you made out of paper clay... It personally really blew me away!
Nanami: You even maintain a poetry collection, right? I'd really like it if I could take a look sometime~.
Toko: Kaoru-san, congratulations on graduating!
Toko: The way you play the guitar is totally awesome~. You move around a whole lot, and it's flashy and stands out a ton! I have mad respect for you!
Toko: Please teach me some guitar pointers again! Promise, okay?
Rui: Seta-san. Congratulations on your graduation.
Rui: Thank you very much for what you did when we were aboard that cruiser.
Rui: Please continue to look after Morfonica.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Kaoru, congrats on graduating!
Kokoro: Hey, what does it feel like to graduate? Does thinking about the future excite you?
Kokoro: Whatever you're imagining, let's make it even more amazing and exciting! I know you can do it!
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun, congrats on graduating! Now that you're in college, you're even more grown up!
Hagumi: Tell me everything about what college is like, okay? I'll be sure to tell you everything about school!
Hagumi: Ehehe, I can't wait to hear what you have to say!
Misaki: Kaoru-san, congratulations on graduating.
Misaki: Seeing as I've already come clean to you about so many things... I'm not really sure what to say now...
Misaki: ... Well, keep doing your best in your own way. It'll feel weird if you don't.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The Curtain Shall Rise Again>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Downtown]

Kaoru: ... Most certainly! Upon my return, you shall see a Kaoru Seta that has grown and become ever more fleeting...!
Kaoru: I bid you farewell... Ah, {{userName}}-san. I planned to make my way to CiRCLE once I finish here.
Kaoru: How fleeting it is for our paths to have crossed here of all places...
Kaoru: I have been paying my respects to the good people here for the day when I depart to study abroad nears, and I wish to take care of what unfinished business I have.
Kaoru: ... Indeed, it is all for the sake of preparing to set foot on the next stage.
Kaoru: During my time atop that stage known as Haneoka Girls' Academy, I was given the role of a student.
Kaoru: With no script or plot to be followed, truly was I free to do as I saw fit.
Kaoru: Classmates, friends, compatriots of the theater club... Every day, I spent my time surrounded by fellow cast members.
Kaoru: Every day, the time I spent was fleeting, dramatic, and entertaining. So much so that I wished to remain on that stage for eternity.
Kaoru: Alas, such a wish was a wish that was not meant to be. The curtain has fallen after three years, a time all too long and short, and I make my way to my next stage.
Kaoru: Having fulfilled my role of Kaoru Seta as a student at Haneoka, I shall set foot on my next stage and take up my role as a college student once I have studied abroad.
Kaoru: What Kaoru Seta will I become? What cast members will I perform alongside?
Kaoru: Ahh, the mere thought of what awaits makes it all but impossible to contain the anticipation overflowing within my heart...!
Kaoru: ... However, no matter how many stages I am called to act atop, I have one role that shall be never-ending.
Kaoru: That eternal role is my role as the guitarist of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: I truly could not have foreseen that I would join that band. That day, my fate changed dramatically.
Kaoru: In doing so, I found myself irreplaceable comrades: Kokoro, Hagumi, Misaki, Kanon, and Michelle...
Kaoru: Not a single memory with them can I forget, for each one I consider a treasure.
Kaoru: And just as they have given me treasures, I, too, wish to be a friend capable of bestowing treasures upon them.
Kaoru: I wish to shine on stage forever as Kaoru Seta of Hello, Happy World!
Kaoru: ... Fufu, I seem to have gotten carried away. You have my thanks for lending me your ear, {{userName}}-san.
Kaoru: Ah, I have a humble token of my appreciation... that I have been meaning to give you.
Kaoru: It is a second button from my jacket, proof of my time at Haneoka, and most importantly, a sign of my gratitude toward everyone.
Kaoru: Anyhow, once I have made my rounds here, I shall make my way to CiRCLE so that I may also give to Marina-san this sign of my gratitude.
Kaoru: As Shakespeare himself did say, "All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players." We are but actors playing the roles of ourselves... It is, but that.
Kaoru: And so, I ask that you continue to watch over me as I live out the role of Kaoru Seta.
