1760_Kaoru Seta_R5 To the Light

Gacha phrase: Your soul is carried to the most suitable place with destiny...

<And That’s All from Me>

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Misaki Okusawa)

[Park]

Misaki: I've got more errands than expected. First I need to go to the greengrocer, and then I have to buy some meat... Hm?
Misaki: That person over there... Kaoru-san, is that you?
Kaoru: If it isn't Misaki. It must be fate for us to have encountered one another here.
Misaki: Nah, it's just a coincidence.
Misaki: What were you doing?
Kaoru: I was engaging in acting practice. However, it was in a slightly different method than my norm.
Misaki: A different method...? Does that have something to do with the mountain of CDs on the bench?
Kaoru: Well done, Misaki. It would seem you have seen through everything.
Kaoru: These are all rakugo CDs.
Misaki: Rakugo?
Kaoru: Ahh, forgive me. It is not that I am in a situation where I must perform rakugo myself.
Kaoru: I am merely including it as part of my special training so I might leverage it in my acting.
Misaki: But why the sudden interest in rakugo?
Kaoru: The other day, I had need to set foot at Keiho Women's University. While there, I suppose by some quirk of fate, I found Maya, who was troubled over what club to join.
Kaoru: As I was fortunate enough to have time, I accompanied her exploration of clubs. Among them, I found the Rakugo Society to be fairly fascinating.
Kaoru: I was thinking of how I might incorporate rakugo's essence into my performances.
Misaki: Ahh~, I see...
Misaki: But how exactly are you going to do that with rakugo...?
Kaoru: I am currently in the midst of trial and error. First, I am studying rakugo itself... I have an idea. Would you witness the results of my practice?
Misaki: Huh?! No way, that's impossible! I don't even know anything about rakugo...!
Kaoru: I do not mind. I wish to hear your honest opinion.
Misaki: Seriously...? Well, if that's the case...
Kaoru: Thank you. You are most helpful. Let me see... Ah, yes. My routine shall be that of "Akubi Shinan" or "Yawning Lessons."
Kaoru: I will perform it faithfully to the fundamentals so that you might easily follow along with it.
Kaoru: ... Now, allow me to begin.
Kaoru: "Would you come with me for a bit?" "For what?" "Oh, y'know. Just for some lessons."
Kaoru: "Lessons? Gimme a break. You're not the type to be takin' lessons."
(Black cut)
Kaoru: "Sheesh. Think about what you'd do if you had to wait like me."
Kaoru: "I'm bored... I'm so bored... Yawn~. I can't stand it." "Hey! Your friend's better at this than you are!"
Kaoru: And that's all from me.
Misaki: Ooh~, I haven't really heard rakugo that much before, but that was good.
Kaoru: Fufu. I am delighted that you enjoyed it. There are actually several other stories I have been practicing. If you would not mind, won't you watch those as well?
Misaki: Well, it's a little late for me to back out now. If you don't mind having me, I'll keep you company.
Kaoru: Very well...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: And that's all from me.
Misaki: Whoa~... I already knew this, but you really are amazing, Kaoru-san.
Misaki: It was fun getting to hear different stories. I found myself laughing, getting a little scared, and feeling excited...
Misaki: But...
Kaoru: But?
Misaki: Uh... I guess you could say it was plainer than I imagined...
Misaki: It kind of lacked a little something...
Kaoru: So it was insufficient...
Misaki: No, that's not exactly what I meant...! Ahh~, how do I explain it?
Misaki: To me, you're really unique and charming...
Misaki: And being able to experience the world as seen by someone like that, who is so different from me, is part of your acting...
Misaki: That's why I guess I subconsciously expected that... The rakugo itself was fun, but I guess you might say... I also wanted to see the way you'd perform it...
Kaoru: ...
Misaki: Ahh, I'm sorry. Forget what I said just now!
Kaoru: Nay, I shan't forget it. Thank you, Misaki. Your words just now have given me my conviction.
Kaoru: It is as I thought. I am someone who was born to stand on stage.
Misaki: Huh? Did I say that just now?
Kaoru: Indeed you did! You told me thusly. That you wished to experience the world I perceive through my acting.
Kaoru: In other words, there is a grand significance in my being Kaoru Seta.
Kaoru: Kaoru Seta will continue to be herself, no matter the circumstance. That is most essential, and it is also the one thing that cannot be lost.
Kaoru: It is... but that.
Misaki: I don't really get what you mean, but...
Misaki: Well, uh, if that helped you come up with an answer, then I'm glad to have helped.
Kaoru: It was thanks to you that I have my answer. Your fleeting words gave me guidance.
Kaoru: What kind of state will Kaoru Seta reach once she has successfully assimilated rakugo...? Please do look forward to finding out.
Misaki: Ahaha. Well... I do expect something good.


<By No Means a Tragedy>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Station Entrance]

Kaoru: Salutations, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. What a coincidence to meet you in a place such as this. Are you setting out on an excursion?
Marina: Ah, Kaoru-san. We're on our way home now. We finished our work for today.
Kaoru: Is that so? My compliments on your diligence. I have just come from a fleeting practice with the theatrical troupe in which I am currently participating as a guest.
Marina: So you've got a guest appearance... It must be hard going around to different troupes.
Kaoru: You might say that where there is theater, there is Kaoru Seta. It is thoroughly rewarding, and each day is fulfilling.
Kaoru: And, after following the path I am meant to take, that was merely the natural outcome of it... Gasp!
Marina: K-Kaoru-san?
Kaoru: ... My apologies. I became so deeply moved by my own words.
Kaoru: How might I explain it...? I suppose it would be accurate to say I have become convinced.
Marina: Um... What do you mean?
Kaoru: Hmm, where should I begin...?
Kaoru: Ah, yes. As expected, I should inform you of Maya.
Marina: Maya-chan?
Kaoru: Yes. The other day, I went to Keiho Women's University. When I did, Maya mentioned that she was vexed over which club to join.
Kaoru: Maya is an irreplaceable companion, and together, we made steadfast efforts at Haneoka's Theater Club. How could I turn a blind eye to someone as important as she?
Kaoru: That is why she and I toured a variety of clubs.
Marina: Fufu. Your consideration of your friends really is so wonderful.
Kaoru: Thank you. I believe so, as well.
Kaoru: The Audio Research Club, Rakugo Society, Board Game Club, and Percussion Lovers Club... All were such fascinating organizations.
Kaoru: However... a theater club was not to be found among them.
Marina: Huh? Really?
Kaoru: I was taken aback as well. And... I also felt somewhat forlorn.
Kaoru: At Haneoka, we had various experiences as Theater Club members. Each was fleeting and priceless, and the theater was sublime... That is how those days felt.
Kaoru: That is precisely why I believed that, even in university, Maya would choose theater as her place to belong, as I have chosen to do.
Marina: But that wasn't the case, was it?
Kaoru: Indeed... But this was by no means a tragedy.
Kaoru: Did I not say before? That I have become convinced. It was but that.
Kaoru: As a result, Maya has not joined a theater club, but that does not mean she has forsaken theater entirely.
Kaoru: It is just that her way of confronting it... and the angle in which she does so has changed.
Marina: The way she confronts it and her angle, huh...?
Kaoru: Yes, that is correct.
Kaoru: Apparently, Maya will be involved with Pastel＊Palettes' staging from now on.
Kaoru: In other words, she will likely leverage the knowledge and skills she cultivated in theater on the idol stage next.
Marina: I see! That must be her current way of confronting theater.
Kaoru: Quite right. I had been wondering how to express this magnificence until now when my words from a moment ago provided me with elucidation.
Kaoru: In other words... through her and I following the path we are meant to take, this is merely the natural outcome.
Marina: I guess you've come to terms with quite a bit, then.
Kaoru: Indeed, I have. And it is thanks to the two of you lending me your ears. You have my sincerest gratitude, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san.
Kaoru: I cannot afford to fall behind my companion as she accumulates new experiences in a new land. I, too, shall shine even more!
