1877_Kaoru Seta_R5 Fleeting Curtain Call

Gacha phrase: Well, let us weather the storm, then.

<Master Portrayer Kaoru>

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Training Hall]

Kokoro: Isn't the weather lovely today, Gretel?
Hagumi: It is, Rapunzel! It's tea time now, so let's have a tea party.
Kokoro: That sounds wonderful! I'll get my special tea ready!
Hagumi: In that case, I'll, umm... prepare the snacks! Ta-da! Freshly made croquettes♪
Kokoro: Oh my, they look delicious! Let's invite the Pied Piper and Sleeping Beauty and have them together!
Misaki: Wait, hang on. Croquettes with tea? Really...?
Kanon: Now that I think about it, that scene isn't in the script...
Kokoro: We're doing improv! Kaoru told us it's good practice to get into our roles!
Misaki: Oh, it's called an etude, right? I guess it should help with practicing...
Kaoru: ...
Kanon: Kaoru-san...?
Kaoru: ...
Misaki: Umm... Kaoru-san? You look so serious. What's wrong?
Kaoru: ... Ah, I was simply pondering how best to portray my role.
Kaoru: While my character, the Pied Piper of Hamelin, is a figure who saved the town, he was also relentless towards those who broke their promises.
Kaoru: I wonder how I can showcase that in this musical... It is challenging yet interesting.
Kanon & Misaki: ...
Kaoru: Oh, what is the matter, you two?
Misaki: I just thought that was really actor-like of you.
Kanon: We don't get to see that side of you much when we do Hello, Happy World! activities.
Misaki: So, what are you thinking about for the Pied Piper?
Kaoru: Firstly, we know he was a mysterious figure. His identity was never made clear until the end.
Kaoru: There is no explanation as to how he lured animals and people with his pipe. Truly a figure shrouded in mystery...
Kokoro: Shrouded in mystery... That sounds so interesting!
Hagumi: I wanna see Kaoru-kun like that! Show us how you'd act that out!
Misaki: The one shrouded in mystery is the Pied Piper, you know.
Kaoru: Fufu, in that case... I shall fulfill my little kitten's request.
Kaoru: Well, well... Troubled with rats, are you...? I see... How unfortunate... Hehehe...
Kaoru: What do you say...? Care to make a deal with me...? I'll help clean this town up quickly... Hehehe...
Kanon: Umm... Aren't you being too suspicious...?
Misaki: It sounded like he was behind the rat problem... He was more creepy than mysterious.
Kaoru: ... While attempting to portray only his mysterious side, I failed to show the Pied Piper's charms.
Kaoru: I shall try to focus on another aspect of his. There is no doubt that he was a puzzling person...
Kaoru: Even so, he was tasked with a job that was crucial to the town. That means...
Kaoru: Hey there! I'm the Pied Piper of Hamelin. I'll play you any song you want.
Kaoru: Even animals will naturally move to the beat when they hear the cool melodies I play.
Kaoru: Come on, everyone! It's time to party! Let's have fun until the morning comes!
Misaki: Hold on, hold on! What was that annoyingly shallow personality just now?
Kaoru: Though the Pied Piper's true self was unknown, he was accepted by the townspeople ...
Kaoru: In other words... he might have been sociable and charming.
Kokoro: Yeah, he seemed so friendly!
Hagumi: I wanna party with him too!
Misaki: I mean, he sure was friendly... but he seemed too carefree to be trustworthy...
Kaoru: It seems this approach was not appropriate either... That means I shall focus on the pipe instead.
Kanon: The pipe?
Kaoru: Music is a way of expression. He must have an artistic side with well-honed musical skills for him to manipulate the hearts of living beings...
Kaoru: Hey, tell it to me straight, you fool! You wanted me to get rid of the rats, but this wasn't what we discussed!
Kaoru: Do you really think my performance is worth nothing?! Ugh, I've had it! You're getting on my nerves, damn it!
Hagumi: Whoa, you were so cool, Kaoru-kun!
Kokoro: That was definitely an amazing artist!
Misaki: No, no! That wasn't an artist, but just a really stubborn musician!
Kaoru: Artists are usually people who are fussy and very particular, are they not?
Misaki: Well, you're a little off, but... it's pretty impressive how you change the way you act so quickly.
Kanon: I can kind of see now why you attract the attention of so many theater troupes...
Kanon: Oh...
Kaoru: What is it?
Kanon: Kaoru-san, you said that the Pied Piper of Hamelin has sides to him that are mysterious, charming, and artistic...
Kanon: But I can actually see all of those traits in... you, Kaoru-san.
Misaki: Oh, now that you mention it, I guess so...
Kaoru: ... I see.
Kaoru: Fufu, this must be what it means to have overlooked something so obvious. To think that the answer was close to me all along...
Kaoru: To embody myself as I am in this role... I am once again fearful of my talent.
Kaoru: Well now, I shall try to act as the Pied Piper once more. This time, you shall be amazed at my portrayal of him.
(White cut)
(Background change)


<The Joy of Creating a Stage>

(Character: Kaoru Seta)

[Shopping District]

Marina: Oh? Hey, look. Is the person on that poster... Kaoru-san?
Marina: It's a close-up of her. Does that mean she's the star? I can't believe she'll be performing on such a grand stage...!
Marina: ... Oh, but the performance is already over. I wonder what it was like...
Kaoru: To have missed my greatest moment... Ah, what a tragedy.
Marina: Kaoru-san?!
Kaoru: I merely witnessed a couple of little kittens gazing passionately at this poster... Why, if it isn't Marina-san and {{userName}}-san.
Kaoru: It must be fate for us to meet at such a place... Ahh, how fleeting.
Marina: What a coincidence it is to run into a person we just saw on a poster.
Marina: Besides, I had no idea you performed on such a grand stage.
Kaoru: It was a fleeting and emotional performance.
Kaoru: The things the troupe considers essential, such as how to portray a role, to the details of the stage direction...
Kaoru: It was a splendid opportunity to experience the ways of the theater I had not known.
Marina: It's important to expose yourself to different things, after all. I'm glad you had a good experience.
Kaoru: Speaking of which... I also had a wonderful opportunity with another performance.
Kaoru: The other day, my bandmates and I put on a musical, you see.
Kaoru: We handled everything from creating the script to preparing props of all sizes, as well as procuring our costumes.
Marina: Wait, you did everything yourselves? Wasn't it a lot of work to manage all that?
Kaoru: Indeed, it was not easy... However, that made it all the more worthwhile.
Kaoru: Recently, I have been fortunate, and opportunities to stand on grand stages have come to me aplenty...
Kaoru: For a performance of that caliber, actors are not involved with the preparation of props or costumes.
Kaoru: It had been a while since I experienced the joy of putting on a play from scratch as I did in the theater club during high school.
Kaoru: Though it was exhilarating to experience a world I had yet to discover through the grand stage... preparing a play with these hands from the ground up was wonderful as well.
Kaoru: The one-night-only Hello, Happy Musical reminded me of something incredibly important.
Marina: Sometimes taking a step back can make you realize you took something important for granted.
Marina: It must be fate that the Hello, Happy Musical helped you realize that.
Kaoru: Fufu, I agree as well.
Kaoru: ... Ah, yes. My next performance has been confirmed, you see.
Kaoru: Do you mind if I invite the both of you to watch?
Marina: Wait, really?
Kaoru: Of course. Witness the fleeting and beautiful figure of Kaoru Seta with your very eyes.
