event232-04 Chapter 3: Things I Want to Say

Kokoro calls everyone over. She has found something within the cave.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seaside Cave]

Kaoru: Oh...? Where am I...?
Misaki: Ah, Kaoru-san. You're finally awake, huh?
Kanon: You gave us a fright when you suddenly collapsed. I'm glad you're okay now.
Misaki: Don't worry. Those voices earlier disappeared once the wind died down. So it wasn't the sound of ghosts laughing.
Misaki: Well, I guess Happi-chan did say something strange, though...
Kanon: She said she manipulated the wind, right? Maybe there really is a picture book about that sort of thing?
Kaoru: I see... My apologies for causing you to worry. In any case, where have Kokoro and Hagumi gone off to? Happi-chan is nowhere to be seen as well...
Misaki: Don't worry, we didn't get split up or anything. I told them to play over there.
Kanon: They found an open space up ahead and brought Happi-chan with them to explore it.
Kokoro: Everybody, come quickly! We found something super interesting!
Kanon: What could it be? Let's take a look.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Wow, this really is an open space...
Kanon: ...?! M-Misaki-chan, that's-
Hagumi: Oh, Kano-chan-senpai! Look, look! There's so many pretty accessories!
Kokoro: There are also shiny pots and golden statues! Maybe they're used for playing house?
Misaki: What is this?! It's a mountain of treasure, no matter how you look at it!
Kanon: Wh-whoa... Everything looks old enough to be displayed in a museum...
Kaoru: Perhaps it is proof we are nearing the ruins Happi-chan mentioned earlier.
Kanon: I thought she was making them up, but they might actually be real...
Misaki: Speaking of which, where is Happi...?
Happi: ... I knew it...
Kokoro: Happi! Come join us! Let's play together~!
Happi: ... I knew these people wanted to go to the ruins just for the treasure... They said we were friends. They tricked me...
Kokoro: ...? Is she not coming? Happi~!
Hagumi: Hey, look! This stone statue looks just like a dinosaur!
Happi: ... Don't touch that!
Hagumi: ...?!
Happi: My mom made that dinosaur stone statue! It's important to me...! I don't want bad people like you touching it!
Happi: The same goes for the glowing stone you have! It's called the Guiding Stone. It's a treasure passed down for generations in my family!
Hagumi: Huh?! I'm sorry, I didn't know it was that important...!
Happi: Everyone who came to steal treasure said the same thing! Don't you ever touch my precious things again!
Kanon: Happi-chan, calm down...! We're jus-
Misaki: Wait. Isn't there something moving deep inside the cave?
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: Ahh~!
Kanon: A swarm of butterflies...? Why are there so many of them...?!
Misaki: Don't just stare at them! They're flying toward us from every tunnel!
Kaoru: We must flee for now...! Let us head somewhere safe...!
Kokoro: Hang on a second, I need to tell Happi something! Happi~!
Misaki: Kokoro?! What are yo- Ugh, wait up!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Pant, pant... At least the butterflies are gone for now...
Kokoro: Where did Hagumi and the others go? I don't see Happi either.
Misaki: We got separated from everyone, didn't we? There's so many things I wanna say, but let's hurry up and look for them.
Kokoro: Yeah, of course! I've got something to tell Happi, after all.
Misaki: ... Kokoro, stop. I'm serious this time. We're gonna look for Kanon-san and the others, then go straight home.
Kokoro: Oh, how come?
Misaki: That girl... Happi-chan. I don't know if she's actually a ghost or not, but all I know is weird things happen whenever she's angry.
Misaki: If we provoke her any further, everyone will be in danger, right? So we've gotta get out of this cave before that happen-
Kokoro: Oh? I hear footsteps from that path. Are they Hagumi and the others?
Misaki: No, those footsteps... are definitely not them...!
Happi: ... You're right...
Misaki: ...! H-Happi-chan...!
Kokoro: Happi! I'm so glad we found you! There's something I gotta tell you!
Happi: I don't want to hear it...! Leave already... Never return... If you get close to the ruins any further, I'll-
Kokoro: I'm sorry!
Happi: ...?
Kokoro: I made you angry without realizing it. Let me apologize to you for that!
Kokoro: Being angry means you're feeling something so far away from smiles.
Kokoro: I wanna make the whole world smile! And of course, I want my friend Happi to smile!
Kokoro: So, I'm sorry!
Misaki: Kokoro...
Happi: Th-then leave! Leave this cave, now!
Kokoro: Of course! I'll do it if it'll make you smile! We'll go back right after we find Hagumi and the others!
Happi: Th-there's no way you'll leave that easily...! You're after the hidden treasure, aren't you? Because you'll live a lavish life when you get your hands on it...!
Kokoro: Nope, we don't need that.
Kokoro: We just wanted to have an exciting adventure! We could never take away your precious treasure.
Happi: No... All the adults who came here were after the treasure...
Misaki: Adults, huh... I guess we look like adults from Happi-chan's perspective.
Misaki: I need to say something... I'm sorry too. I didn't think about your feelings, Happi-chan.
Misaki: And it didn't matter what you were. You were angry, so I should've apologized... I'm really sorry.
Happi: ...
Misaki: Let's just get back to where we were. We need to meet up with the others anyway even if we wanna go home...
Kokoro: Happi, can you tell us which way to go?
Happi: ... Huh? Umm... We were at the center of the cave... and then it split into different paths...
Happi: ... Oh no... I don't know the way...
Misaki: Whaaat?!
(Black cut)
