event232-02 Chapter 1: Happy Happy Smile Explorers

Kokoro's eyes light up. Inside the treasure chest is a strange necklace...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happy Happy Island - Beach]

Misaki: This is... a jewel, right? It's pretty big...
Kanon: Probably... It's attached to a leather string, so maybe it's a necklace?
Kanon: I can't believe this was inside... Could it be a real treasure chest...?
Hagumi: Look, look! This stone is super sparkly!
Kokoro: You're right! It's just as shiny as the marbles in my house!
Kaoru: Ahh, the radiance is blinding...
Misaki: Hmm?! Actually, it's not exactly glowing... Aren't streaks of light coming out of it?
Kanon: You're right. Thin streaks of light are extending from the center of the stone.
Hagumi: Oh, I know! We did that for a science experiment once!
Hagumi: If you use a magnifying glass to gather sunlight, you can make a small dot of light! And if you focus it on a piece of black paper, it'll get hot and burn a hole in it!
Misaki: Hmm... Are you saying we can use the stone to refract light like a lens? That doesn't sound right...
Kokoro: Look! The light always stays in the same direction no matter which way the stone is facing!
Misaki: That's impossible. If what Hagumi's saying is true, then the light should change direction too...
Kokoro: It's true! Try it out, Misaki!
Misaki: Let's see. Ngh~, ngh~... Oh yeah. It won't change no matter which way I turn it.
Kanon: It looks like it's guiding us somewhere, huh?
Kokoro: That means if we follow the direction of this light, we'll find something even more wonderful!
Misaki: ... Hmm? Hang on. How'd you get that idea?
Kokoro: I mean, this stone was inside a treasure chest! It's gotta be really special to someone!
Kokoro: And this lovely stone is showing us which way to go! So there has to be something even more fantast-erific!
Hagumi: Wow! You're right, Kokoron! There's gotta be pirate treasure for sure!
Misaki: You guys are getting way ahead of yourselves! Sure, it's a strange stone, but that's just ridiculous.
Kokoro: We won't know until we see for ourselves! Let's go, Happy Happy Smile Explorers!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah~!
Misaki: And here we go again... I guess I'm just not destined to relax on Happy Happy Island.
Kanon: Ahaha... I've never seen a glowing stone before, though. Maybe there really is something amazing.
Misaki: I'm pretty sure this day is gonna be far from relaxing, but let's go with them.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Hmm~mm~♪ I can't wait to see what kind of amazing things we'll find!
Misaki: Whoa, it's pretty slippery here... The ground is uneven, so it's hard to walk.
Hagumi: Oh! Look, Kokoron! There's a cave over there!
Kokoro: Oh yeah! You're amazing, Hagumi! You found a cave behind a rock! Let's go exploring!
Misaki: Stop~! Don't just immediately go inside! What about the glowing stone?
Hagumi: But, Mii-kun! The light is pointing towards the cave!
Kaoru: Ahh, what we are searching for may perhaps be hidden within its depths.
Misaki: No, no, the stone won't glow if we go somewhere dark, right? It's probably reflecting the sunlight anyway.
Kanon: Besides, isn't it dangerous to go inside a cave?
Kokoro: Don't worry! The Happy Happy Smile Patrol can overcome anything with a smile! Come on, let's go!
Misaki: Ugh, I don't even know anymore...! Kokoro, wai-
???: ... Leave this place...
Misaki: ...?!
Kaoru: Misaki? What is the matter?
Misaki: D-did you guys hear a weird voice too?
Hagumi: A voice? I didn't hear anythin-
???: ... Leave this place... Leave this place...
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: ...?!
Kanon: That was a girl's voice, right...? Is someone there?!
Hagumi: Umm, umm... I heard a voice, but no one's around!
Kanon: C-could it be... a ghost...?!
Kaoru: Impossible...! It has to be... Yes, a trick of the wind!
Misaki: Y-yeah, ghosts don't exis-
Kokoro: Oh! There's someone behind that rock!
Misaki: What?! Do you mea-
Kokoro: Hello!
???: ... You can see me?
Hagumi & Kaoru: Ahhh!
Misaki: A-a little girl? Why are you here?
???: That's my line... How did you find the whereabouts of this cave?
???: Ancient ruins and bountiful treasures lay here. That's what you're here for, isn't it...?!
Misaki: R-ruins? Treasure? What are you talking about?
Kokoro: So there are fantast-erific things here! You must be familiar with this cave, then? Show us around!
???: Huh? W-wait...! Don't pull me! I'm-
Kanon: Kokoro-chan?! Wh-what do we do? She dragged that girl away...
Hagumi: Let's go after them! Kokoron, wait~!
(Black cut)
