event232-01 Opening: Hello, Happy World! On the Beach

Kokoro and everyone are at Happy Happy Island enjoying the beach.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Happy Happy Island - Beach]

Hagumi & Kokoro: The ocean~~~!
Kokoro: Mmm~~! The water feels so cold and nice!
Kaoru: The fleeting, glistening blue ocean, and the dazzling, radiant sun... Happy Happy Island is simply a sight to behold.
Hagumi: I'm so glad we're back! Let's have lots of fun today!
Misaki: Jeez, you guys didn't even put on sunscreen... Don't say I didn't warn you.
Kanon: Everyone was looking forward to playing in the ocean ever since we were on the plane, after all.
Misaki: They opened up parasols inside and tried to have a watermelon-splitting contest. If we weren't in a private jet they'd definitely have been scolded.
Kanon: Ahaha... I feel the same way they do, though.  I've been looking forward to swimming in the ocean on Happy Happy Island ever since I heard about it.
Misaki: Me too. A lot happened when we last came here. But we don't have a treasure map this time, so it looks like we can take it easy.
Hagumi: The adventure we had that time was super fun~! We found Happy, the dinosaur!
Kokoro: It's nice to relax, but having an exciting adventure is great too! Oh, why don't we swim to that island over there? There's gotta be animals we've never seen before!
Misaki: By "island," do you mean that small one far away? Only you and Hagumi can swim that far...
Kaoru: Hm... How about we build a sandcastle on the beach? It shall be a fleeting castle wherein all who gaze upon it shall smile.
Hagumi: Yeah, that sounds good! What kind of castle is gonna make everyone smile?
Kokoro: It's gotta look like Michelle! There'll be a huge slide on the back. Everyone's gonna smile so wide!
Kaoru: Ahh...! What a splendid idea! There shan't be anyone without a smile on their face.
Hagumi: Agreed! I wanna build it too! Michelle is gonna be so happy when we tell her about it!
Kaoru: Let us build the most fleeting Michelle castle for Michelle, as she couldn't join us due to her schedule.
Misaki: Oh, in that case...
Hagumi: Hmm? What's up, Mii-kun?
Misaki: Well... Michelle had a feeling you guys would say that, so she gave me something neat.
Kokoro: From Michelle? What could it be?
Misaki: Here. Mini Michelle is going to be with us during our trip~.
Kanon: Oh, is this a needle-felting mascot?
Hagumi: Whoa~! That's amazing! It looks just like her!
Misaki: She has to stay home because she's busy, but she said this Mini Michelle will be by our side in her place.
Kokoro: That means Michelle will always be with us! How wonderful!
Kokoro: Mini Michelle! Let's have lots of fun today! There are so many things on this island that I wanna show you!
Misaki: If you like it that much, do you wanna borrow it for a bit? I can hang it on your belt bag for you.
Kokoro: Wow! Thanks, Misaki!
Kanon: Fufu, I'm so glad we're here at the beach with Michelle~.
Kaoru: Fufu... We shall make a fleeting castle for Michelle as she has prepared for us a lovely travel companion.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Alright, we're almost done with the Michelle castle!
Kanon: All that's left is to make her ears, and it'll be complete. Where did we put the round container again?
Kokoro: It's with me! I just have to fill it with sand, right?
Kokoro: Oh? There's something buried here. Could it be a big shell? I'll dig it up!
Kokoro: ... Wow! Everyone, look at this!
Misaki: Hmm? What's going on?
Kaoru: Oh, it seems she has dug something up. It appears to be a small box...
Kanon: You're right... And it looks really old, too...
Hagumi: Whoa! Look, there's a keyhole on the side! Kokoron, are you thinking what I'm thinking...?!
Kokoro: Yep! It's gotta be a treasure chest someone left behind!
Kanon & Kaoru: Huh?!
Misaki: Hang on a second... I mean, it's got fancy decorations, bu-
Kokoro: Something's rolling around inside when I shake it! I wonder what it could be!
Kanon: We'll need a key to open it, right? There's a keyhole, after all.
Kaoru: Alas, it seems to be damaged, for the lid is slightly misaligned.
Misaki: Oh yeah... There's nothing weird inside, is there?
Kokoro: Let's open it up! Here we go!
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: Whoa!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Wh-what is this light?! It's so bright...!
Kanon: Fuee~, what's happening~?!
(Black cut)
