event232-05 Chapter 4: What Shaped Kokoro

Misaki, Kokoro, and Happi are lost in the cave. Kokoro tries to cheer Happi up.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seaside Cave]

Kokoro: Kaoru~! Hagumi~! Kanon~! Where are you~? Come out, come out~!
Misaki: Hmm, is this even the right path...? Happi-chan, do you really not know?
Happi: I live in the ruins... I was so focused on chasing you around, I didn't look at my surroundings...
Happi: If only we had the Guiding Stone, we'd know where to go...
Misaki: That glowing stone? It's a treasure that's been passed down in your family, right?
Happi: Mhm. It's a stone that leads its owner to someone or something they hold dear. I lost it 200 years ago, but it looks like it still points towards the ruins.
Happi: It used to belong to my mom. She gave it to me to celebrate my turning seven.
Kokoro: What a lovely stone it is! Once we find Hagumi and the others, we'll make sure to return it to you!
Happi: Thank you... I've been sad about it ever since it suddenly got lost...
Happi: Ngh... We can't return to where we were at this rate... This cave is really elaborate, so once you get lost-
Kokoro: Lift your head up, Happi! Look, Mini Michelle will make you smile!
Happi: Oh... The pink stuffed bear...
Kokoro: You'll miss out on smiles and excitement if you're looking down, right? Think about fun things!
Kokoro: Oh yeah! Why don't we walk while holding hands?
Happi: Hold hands...? Why?
Kokoro: One time, when I went on an adventure with Charley, I got lost too!
Kokoro: But when I held her hand, she smiled a little! So I'm sure you'll feel better too!
Happi: ... Mhm. Okay.
Misaki: Since you're bringing up Misono-san, does that mean you've always been this reckless, Kokoro?
Kokoro: Yes! I've gone on lots of adventures ever since I was little! Whenever Charley came over to my house, we'd always go out and explore.
Kokoro: There was probably a party at my house that day too. Charley was standing in the corner of the garden, and I brought her with me to explore the town together!
Kokoro: We went on paths we didn't know and chased butterflies. Before we knew it, we got lost!
Misaki: Why is she saying that so positively...? I can only imagine Misono-san struggling...
Kokoro: But at the end of the adventure, something super-duper exciting happened!
Happi: ... What happened?
Kokoro: After walking on a path I'd never seen before, we arrived in front of my house!
Misaki & Happi: ...
Misaki: ...? Huh? That was it? Why was that exciting?
Kokoro: Because I really didn't know about that path! Something I'd never ever seen before was so close to my house!
Kokoro: Isn't that soo amazing? That memory is like a treasure to me!
Happi: Treasure...
Misaki: Good grief... I guess that's very you, Kokoro...
Kanon: Kokoro-chan...! Misaki-chan...!
Hagumi: Kokoron! Mii-kun! Where are you~?!
Misaki: Hmm... Those voices...!
Kokoro: That's gotta be Kanon and the others! Everyone~! We're here~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: Kokoro...! Misaki...! What a relief it is to find you safe.
Misaki: We're alright. We found our way back.
Misaki: Actually, the path we came out on is opposite to the one we ran down. So the path goes in a circle and connects here, huh...?
Kanon: Anyway, I'm glad we're all together again.
Hagumi: I thought we'd never see you guys anymore~!
Kokoro: There's no need to worry! I'd never do anything to take your smile away, right?
Hagumi: Kokoron...! Mhm, you're right!
Kokoro: Alright, Happi! We'll go home now!
Happi: ...
Kanon: Oh... Happi-chan...
Misaki: There's no need to be scared. We promised we'd go back soon, so she calmed down.
Kanon: ... No, that's not it... We were talking about how we needed to apologize to Happi-chan.
Happi: Huh...?
Hagumi: Umm... Happi, I used your precious stone without asking... so I felt like I really had to say sorry.
Kaoru: I, too, must sincerely apologize from the bottom of my heart for disrupting your peaceful life...
Happi: W-well...
Hagumi: This stone... I'll give it back! I'm really sorry!
Happi: ...
Kokoro: We'll go now, then. Let's play together if we meet each other again!
Happi: ... Wait.
Kokoro: ...? What's wrong?
Happi: Umm... I changed my mind too, I suppose... You told me about your treasure...
Happi: So, if you all still want to see it... I'll lead you there...
Happi: To the ruins... To where my treasure lies.
Kaoru, Hagumi, Kanon & Misaki: Huh?!
Hagumi: Happi, are you sure...?
Happi: Mhm, I am. I don't mind showing it to you all.
Kokoro: Okay! Then tell us all about your treasure!
(Black cut)
