event232-06 Chapter 5: Treasure

Before the girls lie some ancient ruins. Happi leads them toward them.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Ancient Ruins]

Kanon: A place like this is deep inside the cave...
Misaki: Stone buildings and huge stone statues... Everything looks so old. These really are ancient ruins...
Kokoro: Wow! There are so many things I've never seen before!
Happi: Long, long ago, there was a big city on this island that many people lived in.
Kaoru: To think I am witnessing the same landscape as those from long ago had seen... How fleeting...
Hagumi: Hey, hey, what's that big building over there? Is that your house, Happi?
Happi: No, that's a temple. It's where we pray to the island's ocean, land, and god.
Happi: I was a worshipper. I sang songs, danced, and prayed for everyone on the island to be protected.
Kanon: That means... you were like a shrine maiden, then?
Misaki: Based on what she's telling us, it sounds like it. She probably had a special position.
Kokoro: Are you still here even after becoming a ghost because you like this place so much?
Happi: ... Mhm. I like this city. And I like the people that lived here too.
Happi: That's why I keep protecting it. Even after everyone's gone...
Hagumi: Were you all alone way before you even lost that stone...?
Happi: ...
Happi: It's my first time inviting anyone here. You aren't the bad people I thought you'd be.
Happi: I scared you a lot... I'm sorry.
Kaoru: There is no need to apologize...  You merely faced us bravely to protect what you held dear. Isn't that so?
Happi: ... Thank you. We're getting closer to my treasure.
(Black cut)

[Ancient Ruins - Temple]

Hagumi: Whoa~! I didn't know this is what the inside of a  temple looked like!
Kanon: There are so many big pillars lined up. What's that in the back...? An altar?
Kaoru: Ahh, there is a base with a relief carved into it.
Kokoro: Is this your treasure, Happi?
Happi: No. My treasure is the doll on top of the altar.
Misaki: Do you mean... this wooden doll?
Kanon: Is it based on a little girl? It kind of looks like you, Happi-chan.
Happi: My mom gave that doll to me, along with the Guiding Stone. She said it would help me someday...
Happi: ... That's why it's my precious treasure.
Kokoro: That's soo stupend-erific! So this is your treasure! Thanks for telling us, Happi!
Kaoru: Ahh, there is no item more fleeting than something so dear to you, Happi-chan...
Happi: I actually wanted to show you the doll at its prettiest... but that was thousands of years ago...
Happi: When people still lived in this city, the temple was more beautiful. The altar where the doll is placed was decorated prettily, too.
Happi: But now, there's no one to make the decorations... It used to be even more beautiful.
Kanon: I see... After hearing that, this doll looks a little lonely now...
Kokoro: Then let's decorate the area around the doll together!
Misaki: Decorate?
Kokoro: Yeah! Once we place pretty shells around her, Happi will smile even more too!
Misaki: Well, that's not a bad idea coming from you.
Kanon: If it's okay with Happi-chan, we should do it. What do you think, Happi-chan?
Happi: I-it's okay...! Can I join in too...?
Kokoro: Of course! Since we're all set, let's start collecting shells!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Look, look! I found a heart-shaped shell! Let's put this one in front of the doll!
Kanon: There's a piece of coral over here. It probably washed up from somewhere.
Kaoru: Oh... It appears this shell is the dwelling of a hermit crab. My apologies for startling you.
Kokoro: Happi, how's it going? Did you find a pretty shell?
Happi: I found so many...! There was a swirly one, and a flat one...
Kokoro: They're all so beautiful! You're so good at collecting shells!
Misaki: ... Oh, yeah. Kokoro, got a moment?
Kokoro: What is it?
Misaki: It's about Michelle's wool mascot. Happi seemed to like it, so I was thinking we could give it to her as a gift.
Kokoro: Oh, my! What a fantastic idea! Let's put it next to Happi's doll!
Happi: Wow...! Are you sure? Isn't it something important to you...?
Misaki: Michelle will understand that it's to make you smile. Take care of it, okay?
Hagumi: Yay~! It's all complete now! Happi, what do you think?
Happi: Thank you...! I've never felt this warm and fuzzy feeling before...
Kokoro: Oh, my! Happi, you're smiling!
Happi: No one has ever taken good care of me like this... I'm so glad you picked up the Guiding Stone...!
Hagumi: Seeing your smile makes me so happy too! It's all thanks to that strange stone!
Kaoru: Fufu... The Happy Happy Smile Explorers' adventure was a success.
Kokoro: Yeah! But it's not over yet! Let's have a lot of fun so Happi will smile even more!
Happi: Mhm! I want to play with you all more too! Let's go, Kokoro!
Kanon: Fufu, it looks like our adventure is gonna go on for a little longer.
Misaki: Yeah. We'd better go after them so we don't get split up again.
(White cut)
