event232-07 Ending: Big Secret Adventure

With the adventure over, the girls say goodbye to Happi...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Seaside Cave - Entrance]

Misaki: Thanks for walking us all the way outside. We'd get lost if it was just us.
Happi: No problem. I wanted to see you off, after all... And-
Hagumi: I wanted to spend more time with you, Happi! If only the cave was longer.
Kanon: Mhm... And we just became friends, too. It's kind of sad.
Kokoro: But it was a stupend-erific day today! We played and smiled a lot!
Kaoru: Every meeting ends with a parting... As melancholic as it may be, it is fleeting as well.
Kokoro: Yeah! I'm sure it'll be an unforgettable, super precious treasure!
Happi: Mhm... You're right!
Kokoro: Okay, we've gotta get going now. Thanks for leading us to the ruins!
Happi: No, I should be thanking you...! I'll take good care of Michelle's doll!
Misaki: ... And she's gone.
Hagumi: But she smiled in the end! That's enough to make me happy!
Kanon: It's strange, isn't it? Even though a lot of scary things happened today.
Misaki: There were weird voices in the cave, and a swarm of butterflies closed in on us. It was pretty ridiculous, huh?
Kokoro: Really? I was having a blast the entire time!
Misaki: You're always like that, Kokoro.
Kanon: Fufu, we should get back to Kokoro's villa then.
Hagumi: ... Oh! We forgot to say, "See you again!" to Happi!
Kokoro: You're right! We were having so much fun playing with her that we forgot.
Kaoru: How terrible...! We must hurry and chase after her.
Misaki: Huh? Hold on. Are you seriously gonna go back to the cave?
Kokoro: Yeah! Come on, Misaki and Kanon!
Misaki: Good grief... Can you still run, Kanon-san?
Kanon: Fufu, of course. If we go now, we can catch up to Happi-chan.
Misaki: Alright, just one more push...
(Black cut)
Hagumi: ... Huh?!
Kaoru: Oh? What troubles you, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Uhh... The entrance to the cave was behind this rock... right?
Kanon: Yeah, it was where we first met Happi-chan... Huh?
Kaoru: The cave's entrance is nowhere to be seen... I'm certain it was here before...
Misaki: That's not possible... It's gotta be behind a different rock. Let's keep looking.
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Ngh, we can't find the cave entrance anywhere~!
Kanon: We've looked behind every rock in the area...
Misaki: How can the path we just walked on suddenly disappear?
Kokoro: That's strange! If the cave is gone, then where did Happi go?
Misaki: It feels like we were dreaming... I guess she really was a ghost...
Kaoru: ... Even so, it does not change the fact that we brought a smile to her face.
Kaoru: Nothing in this world could ever destroy the friendship that blossomed between us. If the goddess of fate smiles upon us, we shall be reunited someday.
Hagumi: Kaoru-kun...
Misaki: ... Oh? By the way, Kaoru-san, you stopped being scared of Happi-chan partway through...
Kaoru: Hm... Now that you mention it, the thought of her does not bring me fear.
Kokoro: That's gotta be 'cause Happi's our friend now! It's proof we had fun together and became close!
Kokoro: We're connected to her through the bond we shared from our smiles! That's why we'll definitely see her again like you said!
Misaki: ... Yeah. I do regret it, but this is how it should be, right?
Misaki: It's better for the cave to never be found again. We can't tell anyone about what happened today.
Hagumi: We can't?
Misaki: Yeah...
Misaki: For the sake of Happi-chan's smile, let's keep it a secret between us.
Kokoro: Yeah, we should!
Hagumi: Okay! I swear I won't tell my mom and dad, or anyone else!
Kaoru: Fufu... Splendid idea, Misaki. I agree as well.
Kanon: It's a secret just for Hello, Happy World!
Misaki: Right, we should go back now. I'm exhausted from walking around all day.
Hagumi: I'm starving! I wonder what's for dinner~!
Misaki: Kokoro~! What are you doing~?! Hurry up, or it'll get dark~!
Kokoro: Okay~! I'm coming!
Kokoro: ... See you again, Happi!
(Black cut)
