event303-02 Chapter 1: Hagumi Gets a Job

Hagumi quickly starts living on her own. Misaki and the others worry, but things seem to be going surprisingly well.

(Character: Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

Misaki: ...So, it's been one night... I wonder if Hagumi’s doing okay on her own.
Misaki: Living alone isn’t something you can just suddenly do easily...
Kanon: All the things she used to do with her family, she has to do all by herself now.
Kanon: And she has to make her own meals every day too...
Misaki: Right... I hope she’s okay...
Kaoru: Fufu, if she ever needs help, we can just lend her a hand. Living alone doesn’t mean you can’t rely on anyone, after all.
Misaki: ...Yeah, you’re right.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Alright, looks like we’re at Hagumi’s place. Kokoro couldn’t make it today, though.
Kanon: It feels kind of weird to come to Kokoro-chan’s house and not see her here.
Kaoru: We’re here to check on Hagumi today. Let’s call her.
Hagumi: Coming~.
Misaki: Hagumi~? We came to check in on you~!
Hagumi: Oh, everyone! Welcome!
Kanon: So how’s living alone going? Are you doing okay?
Hagumi: Thanks, Kano-chan-senpai! I’m doing great!
Hagumi: But actually, I have to head out now... so I can’t really hang out today.
Kaoru: Oh? Do you have something to do?
Hagumi: Yep! I’m off to my part-time job!
Misaki: A part-time job!?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Downtown]

Hagumi: Come one, come all~! Today’s Chinese cabbage is a great deal~!
Audience Member A: Hagumi-chan~!
Hagumi: Yes! Two cabbages and one leek, right? Thank you very much~!
Audience Member A: Thanks for your help, Hagumi-chan! Keep it up!
Hagumi: You got it! Thank you~!
Kanon: W-wow... Hagumi-chan’s totally nailing her job...
Misaki: Seriously. And the customers seem to love her cheerful energy.
Kaoru: It’s more than that. Her energy is drawing in more and more people.
Misaki: Wait... you’re right.
Hagumi: Hey, Mii-kun! Can you grab me those two cabbages over there?
Misaki: C-cabbages!? Uh... these ones, right...?
Hagumi: Yep, thanks~!
Audience Member B: Are you working here too, young lady? I’ve been trying to decide what to make for dinner.
Misaki: H-huh? Me!? No, I’m not staff...
Kaoru: Hmm, in that case... how about some chop suey with today’s special Chinese cabbage?
Kaoru: Serve it over rice and turn it into a stir-fry bowl—highly recommended.
Audience Member B: Ooh, that sounds great! Alright, I’ll take some Chinese cabbage then...
Kanon: It’s a really big Chinese cabbage, right? I bet it’d taste amazing as a layered hot pot with pork.
Audience Member C: Oh, that sounds delicious too! Alright, I’ll take some Chinese cabbage as well!
Misaki: Wow, we’re all helping out the store somehow...
Hagumi: Mii-kun, it’s time for the flash sale! Let’s go tell everyone downtown!
Misaki: Huh!?
Hagumi: Come on, come on~! Today’s deals are even more amazing~!
Misaki: Ugh~, fine. Time to channel my inner Michelle...!
Misaki: Special deals here~! Don’t miss out~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Manager: Thanks for all your help, everyone! Here’s a little thank-you gift!
Misaki: Wait, we’re getting a thank-you too?
Kanon: Is that really okay...? We just kind of jumped in to help.
Kaoru: The shopkeeper was happy. Let’s graciously accept their kindness.
Hagumi: Yeah, yeah! I had a blast working with everyone!
Misaki: I wasn’t sure what to expect when you said “part-time job,” but... turns out she’s helping out at a shop downtown.
Hagumi: That’s right! And in exchange for helping, they give me food!
Hagumi: Today I got Chinese cabbage, green onions... so much! Hmm, what should I make with it all...
Misaki: Wow... Hagumi’s really adjusting to this life...
Kaoru: Yeah. That’s Hagumi for you.
Hagumi: ...Oh! If I had some fish, I could make a really good dinner!
Kanon: Eh, fish? Hagumi-chan, are you gonna help out at the fish shop next?
Hagumi: Nope, that’s not it!
Hagumi: I’m gonna go catch some in the nearby river!
Misaki: What!?
Hagumi: Alright, let’s go~!
Misaki: Wait—Hagumi~!?
