event303-07 Ending: Hagumi, From Here On

Hagumi ends her runaway days and returns home. After talking with her father, what happens next...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: Good morning, everyone~!
Kanon: Good morning, Hagumi-chan.
Misaki: Morning. You’re so full of energy first thing in the morning, as always.
Hagumi: Ehehe. Hey, guess what? I brought a little something today!
Kaoru: Oh? What did you bring us?
Hagumi: Croquettes from our shop! Dad said I should share them with everyone!
Kokoro: Wow, they’re still hot! Let’s all dig in!
Hagumi: Yeah!
Misaki, Kanon & Kaoru: ...............
Misaki: Looks like Hagumi and her dad really made up.
Kanon: Yeah. They care about each other, so once they talked things out, they were able to understand one another.
Kaoru: Fufu, their bond is even stronger now.
Kokoro: Having Hagumi as my “next door neighbor” was so much fun! Come over and play anytime!
Hagumi: I will! I wanna visit the treehouse again!
Misaki: Right, Kokoro. What are you gonna do with that treehouse?
Misaki: I mean, since Hagumi’s gone back home, are you gonna pack it up?
Kokoro: Nope! I’m leaving the treehouse right where it is!
Kokoro: That way, if anyone ever wants to run away from home, they’ll have a place to stay. So if you ever feel like running away, just let me know!
Misaki: Haha, “if we feel like running away”...
Kanon: Maybe not for a runaway, but... I’d love to use it when I need to focus on assignments or something.
Kaoru: Yeah, me too. If I ever land a role as a boy surviving on a deserted island, I’d love to use it for character study.
Kokoro: Of course! You’re all welcome anytime!
Kokoro: You too, Misaki!
Misaki: Haha, me...? Well... no comment for now.
Hagumi: Ehehe... Living on my own was really fun.
Misaki: Hagumi, you talked things through with your dad, right? So are you done with the whole living alone idea?
Hagumi: Hmm... Not really. I still want to live on my own someday!
Hagumi: But after talking to Dad, we agreed it’s still a bit early. So I’ll wait until I’ve grown up enough that he can feel at ease.
Hagumi: That’s why we’ve started “solo living training” together!
Kanon: Solo living training? Like learning to do housework and stuff?
Hagumi: Surviving in the mountains, learning to tell which leaves are edible and which aren’t...
Hagumi: Next up, I’m gonna learn how to hunt meat myself!
Misaki: That’s... not really solo living training...
Kaoru: Fufu... But even that kind of training is overflowing with love—from Hagumi’s father, to Hagumi herself.
Misaki: If you say so... Well, sure, let’s go with that.
Misaki: I hope someday you’ll get his full support and be able to live on your own with pride. Because you—
Misaki: ...You really love your family. You really love your dad.
Hagumi: Yeah!
Hagumi: I love my dad, and I love all of you too!
(White cut)
(Background change)
