event50-07 Ending: The Perfect Amount of Salt?

Having perfectly split the watermelon, Arisa enjoys sampling the fruit with the others. How will it taste...?

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Beach]

All: Let's eat!
Tae: Eating lukewarm watermelon like this is nice in its own way. It's like a fresh bite of summer.
Arisa: Not surprising, considering it was sitting in the sand for so long.
Kokoro: It might be warm, but it sure is sweet! Brings a grin to your face, doesn't it?!
Hagumi: You know it! Yup, I'd say this is just about the best watermelon ever! Keep it coming, I can eat this all day!
Eve: You know, the reason why it's so delicious is likely because we are enjoying it together!
Kokoro: Makes perfect sense! Anything tastes better when you eat it in good company!
Hagumi: I think we should all come again soon then! We'll make sure Kaa-kun and the others can join next time!
Tae: Ah, that reminds me... Souvenirs. We promised to do a gift exchange when we got back, didn't we...?
Hagumi: Ah! Uh-huh, we sure did! My brain went "pffft" and forgot! Uwah, what am I gonna get?!
Eve: I propose we go to the gift shop together and search for something nice to bring back with us!
Hagumi: Count me in! I've gotta buy some for my family, too. What'cha gonna go with, O-Tae?
Tae: I'm thinking about taking back some of this sand, actually. Our friends couldn't come to the beach, so I'll bring the beach to them!
Arisa: Your head must be in the sand if you think that's a good gift!
Eve: Have you made a decision on what to bring back, Arisa-san?
Arisa: Who, me? I'll just pick something at random...
Kokoro: Watermelon for me~! This little fellow is just so delicious that everyone is sure to flip out when they try some!
Arisa: The mold will taste great, I'm sure! It'll spoil!
Eve: What should we do with it, though? Arisa-san has shown painstaking effort in bringing it all the way here, and so much still remains.
Arisa: Are your ears working properly? I said it was those black suits, not me...
Kokoro: What do you say to having a bit more while we're here? There's more than enough to go around! Better not let it go to waste!
Tae: Mhm. And afterwards, we'll load up on souvenirs.
Eve: I concur!
Marina: Ah! Here's some salt for anybody who wants to sprinkle some on.
Kokoro: ... Sprinkle on? You mean, eating watermelon with salt?! Never heard of that before!
Arisa: They say the salt helps to bring out the watermelon's sweetness. I mean, there are plenty of other snacks just like that, right?
Kokoro: Is that so?! Who would've guessed that salty and sweet went together?! How strange!
Hagumi: Watch out, melon, here comes the salt storm~!
Arisa: Don't add too much, alright? If you drown it in salt, you'll make it inedible.
Eve: Fufufu...
Arisa: Hm? What're you giggling about over there, Eve?
Eve: Your previous conversation resembles a certain someone.
Arisa: W-what on earth are you talking about? Who looks like what now?
Eve: Yes, just like that, Arisa-san!
Arisa: Huh?
Eve: Just a hint of saltiness. That is a perfect description of your personality!
Eve: The "saltiness" of your sharp tongue compliments the "sweet" beauty within you!
Arisa: B-beau-?! D-d-don't go spouting mushy stuff like that out of nowhere...!!
Eve: Hehehe! A recipe worth remembering! I'll savor it!
Arisa: D-don't turn me into a case study! You're reading too much into this!
Tae: Hahaha, you're as red as the watermelon, Arisa.
Kokoro: Nah, Arisa has the melon beat, I think!
Arisa: This isn't the produce aisle, you jerks!
Eve: Hehehe, I would say this has been a fantastic trip! Thank you so much for coming, everyone!
Eve: I was able to have my fill of the joyous Japanese summer! Please consider coming with me again someday, Arisa-san!
Arisa: ... Fine, fine. Just stop making that face.
Tae: Arisa, maybe tone down the salt just a bit.
Arisa: Oh, I'll give you some 'salt'...!
All: Ahahahaha...!
