event50-04 Chapter 3: An Unexpected Judge

Enjoying a game of beach volleyball, Arisa and the others run into an unexpected guest.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Beach]

Hagumi: Ahaha! Nothin' beats a game of beach volleyball! Now, I just have to learn myself a wicked-cool finisher like the one Eve-chin and O-Tae had!
Arisa: I'm not so sure you wanna use that puny feint as a model, y'know...
Eve: Tae-san, our training appears to have been lacking...
Kokoro: Hey, check out that huge crowd over there! What do you think is goin' on?
Tae: There does seem to be something happening... Say, that person... Doesn't she look like Marina-san?
Arisa: It is her! What kind of business do you think Marina-san has at a place like this?
Tae: Marina-san~!
Marina: Tae-chan? Is that you-... Whoa, you're all here?! What brings you all to the beach?!
Hagumi: We all decided to make an ocean play date! Hehe, Eve-chin was the one who said she wanted to come~.
Marina: What a nice idea. I was surprised to bump into you all!
Tae: Are you also here for some relaxation, Marina-san?
Marina: No such luck, I'm afraid. An event is being held here today, and I'm registered as one of the judges.
Arisa: Judging an event? Is it some sort of musical competition?
Marina: Nope! Have a look at that sign over there.
Eve: "Watermelon"... "Splitting"...?
Marina: That's right. This is an officially sanctioned watermelon-splitting contest. Shops throughout the region take turns acting as judges for the event.
Marina: And as the representative of CiRCLE, I was called to come judge the one they're having today.
Arisa: Does something as simple as beating melons with sticks need certification...?
Marina: You'd be surprised. These events are taken pretty seriously. A fairly detailed list of rules has been drafted and everything.
Marina: In order to become a licensed judge, one must eat five whole watermelons. And it wasn't easy, let me tell you.
Hagumi: Five watermelons?! By yourself?! ... I wonder how many I can scarf down before I pop!
Arisa: I have a better question... What kind of rule is that...?
Marina: Oh, that's right. Registration for the contest hasn't actually closed yet. If you're interested, why not sign up?
Kokoro: Did you guys hear that? I know what we're doing next!
Hagumi: Alright! Let's bop us some melons!
Eve: Our bushido is being thoroughly tested today! First with the volleying of balls, and now with the striking of fruit! We must persevere!
Tae: And nothing says "Look at me, I'm at the beach" like some fresh watermelon.
Eve: A tropical delight! You will join us, won't you, Arisa-san?
Arisa: Huh? Me? ... Well, if everybody else is gonna be doing it...
Arisa: (Who in this world is heartless enough to reject that innocent face...?)
Kokoro: We'll smash those fruits to bits! Marina, we'll be signing up if you don't mind!
Marina: Glad to hear it! First, you'll need to choose who will be the striker and who will act as support.
Hagumi: Strikers and supports? ... What's that?
Marina: In watermelon splitting, teams are pitted against one another. The striker is blindfolded and spun around. Then, the supports help by calling out and guiding the striker to the watermelon.
Hagumi: Pick me, pick me! 'Striker' is my middle name! I'll do it!
Kokoro: Let me try! I wanna be a striker, too!
Eve: I would like to try being this 'striker'!
Arisa: Talk about a long queue. Supporter for me, thanks...
Marina: Why not decide with a practice round? The best striker gets to be one in the competition, as well!
Kokoro: How wonderful! Sounds fair to me!
Arisa: So what, we just magically yank one out of the sand?!
Black Suits: Ichigaya-sama, please use this one.
Arisa: Uwaaah?! Don't just jump outta nowhere like that! ... Where'd you get this, anyway...?
Kokoro: ... Well, I'll be! Arisa, since when have you been holding a watermelon?
Arisa: Since never! A bunch of goons in black just handed me one! O-Tae, you saw 'em, right?!
Tae: Huh? 'Goons'? ... Nope, sorry.  Oh hey, you found a watermelon!  I had no idea you were so interested in competing!
Arisa: No, the only thing I'm 'interested in' is how you came up with that idea!
Eve: Arisa-san, you had the foresight to bring a watermelon with you from home? Impressive! "Always come prepared," yes?
Kokoro: Thanks to Arisa, we're ready to get started! Everyone ready?
Hagumi: Yep, yep! You're the best, Aa-chan♪
Arisa: I give up... These people need to have their eyes checked...
