event50-05 Chapter 4: Seashore Competition

To decide roles, the girls take turns trying to split a watermelon.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[15 Minutes Later]

[The Beach]

Tae: Actually hitting the watermelon is really difficult. I had no idea.
Arisa: Not even O-Tae managed to hit it...
Marina: Tae-chan, you were just a bit off the mark.
Tae: Being spun around blindfolded makes you lose your sense of direction. Hey, Kokoro, any reason why you suddenly bolted off? Did you wanna take a run along the beach or something?
Kokoro: That's just sort of what I felt like doing! Maybe the watermelon was calling out to me!
Arisa: Your signals must've been jammed because you darted right past it...
Eve: Hagumi-san was just a mere one step away from her target! So close!
Hagumi: I knew it was right next to me, but I got too hyped up and goofed! Ah well, this game sure is a fun one!
Marina: Now we have... Eve-chan! You're up next.
Eve: I'll do my best to bring down my sword upon that sneaky melon!
Arisa: Huh?!  You... you really brought a sword?!
Eve: I, too, came prepared! My trusty wooden sword will not have been brought in vain!
Arisa: J-just where did you think we'd be going, a dueling ring..?
Eve: With this sword, I will find my mark and splatter the fruity fiend!
Hagumi: You're so cool, Eve-chin!
Kokoro: Eve, you must seek out the watermelon's voice!
Eve: Fear not, everyone! I swear to avenge you!
Arisa: ... Vengeance for what? It's a fruit, not a villain...
(Black cut)
Eve: My apologies, everyone... I have failed you...
Eve: Revenge was not had... Clearly, my blade has dulled and my training is lacking! How very disappointing...
Arisa: It didn't help that you fell flat on your face the second you stopped spinning...
Eve: Th-the path of bushido is perilous, indeed...!
Arisa: Even the mighty Eve has fallen... The problem is obviously with staying oriented. If you can keep track of the watermelon's location, finding it should be a cinch.
Eve: What an outstanding analysis, Arisa-san! And in such a short period of time!
Arisa: It's not exactly rocket science, you know!
Marina: And last but not least, it's Arisa-chan's turn!
Eve: Arisa-san, you must seek retribution! For our sakes!
Arisa: Enough with the vengeance talk! I mean, I'll still try my best, so...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Arisa: (Wh-... J-just being blindfolded really does throw off one's sense of direction, I see...)
Arisa: (Okay, think... I've spun around a full five turns and two-thirds of a turn, so just another one-third of a spin should face me the correct way...)
Kokoro: A little to your right, Arisa!
Arisa: D-don't confuse me!
Tae: Yeah, just like that. It's dead ahead!
Hagumi: Don't give up, Aa-chan! Just a bit more!
Arisa: (The original distance was five meters... so, it should be about... here?)
Eve: Arisa-san! Strike now!
Arisa: ... Here goes nothin'... Yah!!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Hagumi & Kokoro: ...!
Eve & Tae: ...!
Arisa: J-just now, that... wasn't sand... I got it!
Hagumi & Kokoro: ... Wham-o!  ... Bingo!
Tae: You did it, Arisa! You actually managed to hit it!
Arisa: N-no way, really?!
Eve: Arisa-san has felled her foe in a single swing!
Marina: Arisa-chan, look! You cracked it, clear as day!
Arisa: I-it was just instinct... and a bit of luck...
Hagumi: Nobody else managed to hit it! Guess that means you're the striker, Aa-chan!
Arisa: Huuuh?! Me?!
Eve: The Arisa-san who stands before us now has become a true samurai! With your newfound power, your next foe stands no chance!
Arisa: Oh boy, here we go...
