event50-02 Chapter 1: Waves Crashing Against the Shore

Beach day is finally here! The peculiar group of girls rush to get their swimsuits on.

(Character: Tae Hanazono, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[The Day of the Beach Trip]

[The Beach]

Hagumi: Beach ahoooy~!!  Look, look, Eve-chin! The water is super clear 'n pretty!
Eve: How wonderful! The sparkling sunlight on the water's surface makes for an amazing view!
Arisa: You'd think there'd be way more people here, but it's actually rather quiet today.
Kokoro: Nnn~! Smell that salty ocean air! And the coastal breeze is just lovely!
Tae: Look, there's an island a bit offshore. You think we'd be able to swim all the way there?
Hagumi: I smell a challenge! Bet I could do it! Kokoron, let's give it a whirl!
Kokoro: You're on! First one there'll be Queen of the Beach!
Arisa: W-wait just a minute! Do you have any idea how dangerous that would be?!
Eve: Yes, and we are still without our swimsuits. Let's change clothes first, shall we?
Arisa: Even still, your little island race is strictly off limits! Got it?!
Tae: The changing room... is probably that small hut over there?
Eve: Yes, most likely! Everyone, let's go change!
(Black cut)
Arisa: (W-wearing a bikini in front of everyone is a bit... nerve-racking...)
Hagumi: Aa-chan, just check out how cute you are! I love it!
Arisa: ... Wha-?!
Hagumi: Kokoron, check out Aa-chan's swimsuit! It's sooo adorable!
Kokoro: Wow, Arisa! That swimsuit looks lovely on you!
Arisa: D-don't just stare like that! It's embarrassing...!
Eve: There's no reason to be embarrassed, Arisa-san! Your swimsuit looks quite good on you!
Hagumi: Eve-chin, you're so pretty! You look like one of those cute dress-up dolls!
Tae: That's a professional model for you.
Eve: Thank you, Tae-san! However, you're much more stylish than I am. Your tall, slender figure is enviable!
Tae: Really...? You think I could become a model, too?
Arisa: Come to think of it, O-Tae, didn't we all see Eve's picture in a magazine a while back?
Tae: We did! ... Wasn't that the one that Saya happened to buy that one time?
Eve: Oh my, you actually saw my article?! I'm so glad!
Hagumi: Whoa, Eve-chin was in a magazine? Neat-o! Hey, Aa-chan! What kinda article was it, anyway?!
Arisa: It was a special feature on summer fashion, and Eve was the model. And I think she was even interviewed, right...?
Kokoro: Your own article and an interview! How lovely, Eve!
Eve: Thank you! It is thanks to Pastel＊Palettes that I've been given more opportunities to further  my career as a model.
Eve: Being a member of the band has most certainly had a positive effect on my modeling. I cannot thank my fellow idol members enough!
Hagumi: Eve-chin, you sure do love being in Pastel＊Palettes, don'tcha♪
Eve: I do! They're always assisting me, both in my private life and with being an idol!
Arisa: I-it's... it's crazy just how up front you can be about all of that...
Eve: Upon informing Maya-san of today's beach trip, she told me of some first-aid procedures that could be useful, just in case I injure myself!
Hagumi: Maya-san knows first-aid, too?! She's so smart!
Eve: Hina-san educated me on the secret arts of swimming, and Aya-san even instructed me on how to take a selfie that would become popular on social media!
Arisa: First-aid classes, swimming tips, and selfie lessons... Not exactly idol material, is it...?
Eve: Oh, and Chisato-san was kind enough to share with me her extra-strength sunscreen.
Tae: Is that what you were putting on before?
Eve: Yes, the very same! Please feel free to try some! Chisato-san said to apply it three times for maximum effect!
Hagumi: Eve-chin, Eve-chin! You've just gotta let me in on those super-secret swimming styles that Hina-chan taught ya! Pretty please!
Eve: But of course! Let's become master swimmers together!
Tae: What I want is to take a group photo with everyone!
Kokoro: A group photo sounds spectacular! Let's take enough to decorate our rooms with!
Eve: We would do well to use the techniques shared by Aya-san!
Hagumi: Sounds fun to me! I'm on board!
Hagumi: And now, the moment we've been waiting for! ... The mad dash to the ocean~! Zoom~!
Eve, Tae & Kokoro: Let's gooo!
Arisa: S-so much energy... It's a bit much for me... I sure wish K-Kasumi were here...
