event50-01 Opening: Summer Vacation!

Free from tests and studying for the time being, Arisa and the others meet to discuss their summer plans...

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya, Kokoro Tsurumaki, Hagumi Kitazawa, Eve Wakamiya)

[After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1A]

Hagumi: Finally~! No more tests! Phew, I'm beat~.
Eve: I gave it my all and pulled through somehow! Hagumi-san and Tae-san, how did you two fare?
Tae: I was able to answer all the ones that I knew!
Hagumi: It was a tough fight, but I beat that ol' test, fair 'n square! Even wrote my name all nice 'n big♪ I sure hope I get lots 'n lots of big circles! No X's for me~!
Eve: Fufu~. With our testing completed, we now have summer vacation to look forward to.
Tae: Does everyone have plans for summer vacation?
Hagumi: I wanna go to the beach! The beach~!  Going swimming, playing beach volleyball!  The perfect holiday~!
Tae: Beach volleyball? How exciting~.  I'd need to learn the rules first, but it sounds like fun.
Eve: I've been wanting to relax in the ocean, myself! I've been to the beach countless times on photo shoots, but I haven't had the chance to actually enjoy my time there...
Eve: When I lived in Finland, my family and I would take annual excursions to our mökki...
Hagumi: Your 'mökki'? What's a 'mökki'? Sounds super-duper cute!
Eve: They're similar to a cottage. In Finland, many people often spend their summer holidays in the many mökki that lie along the lake shores.
Eve: Enjoying the water, strolling through the forest, and relaxing in the sauna. There are many activities for one to enjoy!
Hagumi: Wow! Summers in Finland sound like a blast!
Eve: Yes, they truly are! But this year, I would like to spend my summer in Japan, relaxing in its pleasant ocean waters and perhaps reading some seasonal poems!
Hagumi: Ding ding! Bright idea alert!  Why don't we all go to the beach together? We can make it the best summer vacation ever~!
Eve: Oh yes, let's! I do have days where I must work, though, so please allow me to check my schedule first!
Tae: Any day is fine with me.  By the way, Oddie is planning to-
Kokoro: How lovely! A group trip to the beach, you say? Count me in! I'll even bring my beach ball!
Hagumi: Wh-whoa! Kokoron!  Where'd you pop up from?
Kokoro: Oh, I was just strolling through the hallway when I heard the exciting news! I just love the beach!
Eve: With Kokoro-san with us, it is sure to be a lively outing, indeed!  Kokoro-san, please join us!
Kokoro: You bet I will! Let's make it a day to remember! Nnn, I'm getting excited just thinking about it!
(Black cut)
Hagumi: Okeydokey, I'll bring the beach mat! Hmm, what else do we need...?
Kasumi: Huh? What're you guys talking about over here? Is it something exciting~? Don't leave me out~! Come on, Arisa!
Kokoro: Kasumi, Arisa! Come join in our chat!
Arisa: Ah, Tsurumaki-san is here, too.
Tae: Kasumi, Arisa. What would you like to do at the beach? Kokoro said she'd bring a beach ball for us to play with.
Arisa: H-h-hold up! Beach ball?! What're you talking about?
Kasumi: Are you guys planning a trip to the beach?! Nice, count me in, too! When are we going?!
Eve: We were actually in the middle of planning...  It looks like this day would be best.  Would everybody perhaps be available?
Arisa: Well, I had promised to help my grandma out with some chores... If it's that day, though, I can probably get permission to go.
Saya: Ah, that day... is a no-go for me, unfortunately. I just got a text from my family, and I'll be up to my neck in housework that whole week.
Rimi: Sorry, my family and I already planned a trip for that exact day...
Kasumi: Rimi-rin, you too?! My family planned a trip for then as well. Aww, and I was super pumped to go to the beach...
Arisa: ... Huh? Kasumi, you're not going? None of you guys are?!
Tae: I'll be there, Arisa.
Kasumi: No fair... I wanted to go, too...
Saya: Arisa, be sure to have enough fun for all of us, 'kay?
Rimi: I'm really sorry. Looks like we'll have to wait until next time.
Arisa: Wha-?! Poppin'Party is down to just... me and O-Tae?!
Eve: Trying to align everyone's schedules is not an easy task, it seems.
Arisa: I can't believe it... Kasumi and the others... really aren't going...?
Tae: No need to be scared, Arisa. I'll be right there with you.
Arisa: Wh-who's scared?! Not me!
Kasumi: Forgive me, Arisa~. Are you sure you won't be lonely without little ol' me~?
Arisa: K-knock it off! Quit hanging all over me! As if I'd be lonely!
Kasumi: Oh, is that so~? Come on, don't be shy now~.
Arisa: C-can it, moron!
Hagumi: Okay, so who's going? Let's see... There's me, Eve-chin, and Kororon...  Aa-chan and O-Tae... That's everyone, right?!
Arisa: Q-quite the line-up we have planned, huh...?
Kokoro: Nnn! I can't wait! Let's make it the best day ever!
All: Yeaaah~!
Arisa: Oh jeez... Maybe I'd better think twice about going...
