event240-05 Chapter 4: Taki’s “Ideal”

Taki tends to keep things to herself. Soyo has an idea as to why this might be.

(Character: Tomori Takamatsu, Anon Chihaya, Soyo Nagasaki)

[Station Entrance]

Tomori: ...
Anon: Ah, there she is! Tomoriin!
Tomori: Ano-chan, Soyo-chan...!
Anon: I saw your message, you found Rana-chan?
Tomori: Yeah... but ...
Soyo: Taki-chan went looking for her alone.
Tomori: ... Yeah.
Tomori: She says she's going to talk with Rana-chan.
Anon: Come on, why can't she just wait for us? Rikki is always like that, isn't she~?
Anon: ... Even about the band, she tries to decide everything by herself.
Anon: Well, I think it's important to do it right, but so far... it hasn't worked so well.
Tomori: ...
Soyo: Well, I guess so.
Soyo: Taki-chan is so serious.
Anon: I think she has a very high ideal--.
Soyo: Ideal... well, you might be right there.
Anon: ?
Soyo: ... Taki-chan has an older sister named Maki-san.
Soyo: She's a graduate of Haneoka, and was the head of the brass band at that time, I guess.
Soyo: She was everyone's ideal, truly an amazing person.
Anon: ... Oh. I might have heard that before. My classmate who was in the wind club told me about her.
Anon: I heard that when she was the head of the club, their performance was amazing.
Soyo: ... Yeah. She was a very good trumpet player and... she was also very popular and loved by a lot of people .
Soyo: Now she is playing actively as a member of a local orchestra while attending college.
Soyo: I also know her a little through our brass band connection.
Soyo: So when I met Taki-chan at CRYCHIC, I was very surprised.
Tomori: ...
Anon: Hmmm. Such an amazing person was Rikki's... Huh?
Anon: That person went to Haneoka, right?
Anon: But her sister Rikki, attended Hanasakigawa... What's up with that?
Soyo: Well... I'm sure she attended Haneoka in her middle school days.
Soyo: I don't know why, either.
Soyo: But all I can tell you is that there was an amazing person always close to her.
Soyo: That's why... Taki-chan's ideal is also there, I guess.
Anon: ... So she's running around like she is right now...?
Soyo: I'm just saying that it might be. Taki-chan doesn't talk much about herself.
Anon: ... I might feel kind of pretty uncomfortable if I was her.
Soyo: ...?
Anon: Because, you know, it's a lot of pressure that there's someone in your family who's such a role model for you.
Anon: How should I say, being amazing becomes the norm, and I think it's normal to lose confidence…
Anon: I'd feel like I have to work hard too, and I'm always going to be anxious.
Soyo: ... Well, I know it's hard...
Anon: We said those things to Rikki, but...
Anon: We didn't even know anything about Rikki herself.
Tomori: ...
Tomori: If Taki-chan is lost...
Soyo & Anon: ?
Tomori: If Taki-chan is lost,...
Tomori: I want to move forward together with her ... while being lost.
Tomori: Because I've decided I'm going to do so, and I want to do so...!
Anon: ... Well, it's not good to leave Rikki on her own like this.
Anon: Why don't we look for Rikki and Rana-chan too! We'll think of something with all five of us this time!
Soyo: ... Really, this band is so haphazard, isn't it?
Anon: It's fine like that! Right, Tomorin?
Tomori: Yup...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
