event243-02 Chapter 1: A Connection

Yukina meets the new person in charge of the label, and she talks about the past between him and her father--.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency]

Sayo: He betrayed your father...?
Ako: W-what does that mean...?
Yukina: When the agency once asked him to write songs that he didn't want, my father chose to quit the agency.
Yukina: Constantly asked to make music he didn't want, my father was completely worn out...and then that man abandoned him.
Rinko: What? …
Lisa: He abandoned …
Yukina: My father quit the agency, but that man stayed on.
Yukina: ... He left the band he made with my father.
Yukina: He was betrayed by his agency, and then by his own bandmate... So my father gave up on pursuing music.
Lisa: I didn't even know something like that happened…
Yukina: It was all the fault of the agency that forced him to do music he didn't want to do... I thought about it that way…
Yukina: But now that I was face to face with him, I still can't keep myself calm.
All: …
Ako: Oh, um! Why don't you ask Harumi-san if she can change the person in charge? I'm going to talk to Harumi-san now!
Sayo: Calm down, Udagawa-san! Harumi-san is in a meeting right now. Besides…
Yukina: ... it might be hard to change the person in charge.
Ako: What ...?
Rinko: Because a lot of things are already in progress, right? ... I'm sure Iikura-san came to a meeting about us today…
Lisa: But, given the circumstances, I think it would be better to talk to Harumi-san about it...
Sayo: Of course, we should explain the situation. But if we go so far as to change the person in charge, it will definitely cause trouble to various people.
Sayo: That is, even to Harumi-san...
Lisa: That's ... true, but …
Ako: …
Yukina: … I'm sorry, but can you give me some time?
Yukina: I need a little time alone to think.
Ako: Yukina-san...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Ako: (Yukina-san... is she okay?)
Ako: (To work with the person who made her father quit music...)
Ako: (If it were Ako, I might think it's impossible... But I'm sure Yukina-san would...)
Sayo: ... Udagawa-san. Udagawa-san!
Ako: What!? What's wrong!
Sayo: You've been like that since a while ago. Did you listen properly to what Imai-san and the others said about the next practice schedule?
Ako: What?... I'm sorry, I wasn't listening...
Sayo: Oh, come on…
Sayo: Still, I understand how you feel. You're thinking about Minato-san, aren't you?
Ako: Yes...Ako's still worried about her...
Sayo: ... It's okay. I'm sure Minato-san will give it a proper answer.
Ako: That's what I'm worried about! Because I'm sure that Yukina-san will decide to work with the new person in charge.
Sayo: ...If that's Minato-san's decision, I don't think we should say anything about it.
Sayo: Besides, the change of person in charge is precisely because Roselia is gaining recognition as a professional group.
Sayo: If we let our emotions get the better of us and make the wrong decision here, it will have an impact on Roselia's future activities…
Ako: B-but, Yukina-san is definitely in pain, isn't she?
Ako: Every time she looks at Iikura-san's face,Yukina-san will remember the time when her father gave up music...
Ako: Ako feels sorry for Yukina-san...!
Sayo: ... What do you think we should do then?
Sayo: We don't want to work with a new person in charge. But we want to receive support from the label as before. Is that what you are going to say?
Ako: Well…
Sayo: Whatever decision Minato-san makes after this, it is a decision that she herself has made with determination.
Sayo: It would be disrespectful to Minato-san to show sympathy or pity for her decision.
Ako: ...!
Sayo: ...I'm sorry. I spoke too strongly.
Sayo: However, the decision on this matter has to be made by Minato-san herself.
Sayo: I think all we can do is to accept and respect Minato-san's decision.
Sayo: Well then, I'll see you all at practice.
Ako: Yes... thank you for your hard work...
Ako: Respecting Yukina-san's decision... Ako also wishes she could do so, but...
Ako: What should Ako do?...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
