event243-01 Opening: A New Collaborator?

All of them are happy to hear that the production of the 2nd album has been decided. Then what Harumi tells them was about ......?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Music Agency]

Harumi: ――The above is the schedule for the next month. Is there anything you're concerned about?
Yukina: No, nothing in particular. Thank you as always.
Ako: Finally, we're releasing our 2nd album~! Ako's looking forward to it~!
Lisa: We just released our 1st album the other day, but it's amazing we're already working on the next album!
Sayo: You are too excited even though the production has only just been decided. We have a lot of work to do from now on.
Ako: I see, yes!
Sayo: I wonder if you really understand…
Rinko: What kind of concept is this album about this time...?
Harumi: Actually, before we talk about that, I have something to share with you…
Yukina: Something you want to share?
Harumi: Yes, from the production of our second album, we'll be changing the person in charge of the label company!
Ako: Well, is that... a good thing for us?
Harumi: It's a good thing!
Harumi: They want to put more effort into promoting Roselia, so we're getting a new, talented person in charge!
Lisa: Wow~, that's great♪ Feels like our work is being recognized!
Sayo: Yes, it is. It may be small steps, but it certainly feels that we're steadily stepping up as professionals.
Harumi: The new person in charge seems to be the type of person who communicates in detail with the artists, so I think we'll have more meetings with the label company than before.
Harumi: He wants to decide on the direction of the 2nd album with you all, so I will ask you for a face-to-face meeting with him soon.
Rinko: Face-to-face meeting with the new person in charge... I'm kind of nervous…
Ako: Don't worry, Rin-rin! The person at the label company was chosen because he likes music so much, right? I'm sure he's a nice person and we'll become friends soon!
Rinko: F-friends...?
Sayo: We have to make sure we're not rude when we meet him face to face.
Ako: Why are you looking at me when you say that?!
Harumi: Fufu, he works with many up-and-coming artists, so please look forward to it!
Ako: Wow, he's really a great guy... When can we meet him~? I'm getting excited!
(Black cut)

[A Few Days Later]

Ako: It's finally today! We're meeting the new person in charge!
Sayo: Yes. However, this is just an introductory face-to-face meeting, and we will meet again for dinner at a later date.
Rinko: D-dinner... I'm nervous just to meet him and talk to him today...
Ako: Rin-rin, don't worry! The staff is a buff, not a debuff, I'm sure you'll have fun once you meet him!
Rinko: Umm, yes... I agree...
Lisa: Hey, Yukina. Is there anything off with how I look? Are my bangs bouncing or something?
Yukina: They're the same as usual. Besides, you were checking them in the mirror just now.
Harumi: Thanks for your hard work. This is Iikura-san in charge of Roselia from now on.
Iikura: Nice to meet you, my name is Iikura. I look forward to working with you all in Roselia!
Ako: Pleased to meet you!
Ako: (So this is the new, super talented person who will be in charge of Roselia! He certainly looks smart and gives off an aura of being good at his job...! He looks a little scary, but I'm sure that's just because we've never met before.)
Iikura: I think it's important to get to know each other in order to do a better job.
Iikura: I believe Harumi-san told you about this, but I would love to hear all about you at the dinner.
Yukina: … !
Sayo: Minato-san...? Is something wrong?
Yukina: No, no, nothing...
Iikura: Maybe for you, I should have said "Long time no see", then? Yukina-chan.
Yukina: … !
Ako: Yukina-san, you already knew Iikura-san?
Yukina: Yes... It seems so.
Sayo: ...Excuse me, but how are you two acquainted...?
Yukina: This person is...
Yukina: Iikura-san was a member of my father's old band.
All: What!?
Iikura: It's been a really long time. I'm behind the scenes now, supporting the activities of young and upcoming bands.
Yukina: I see...
Iikura: Well, I've got a meeting to go to, so I'm leaving now. It was nice to meet you all. Harumi-san, it's about time…
Harumi: Ah, yes! Well, let's go to the meeting room over there--.
Iikura: ... Now I remember. Before leaving, I just want to say a few words.
Yukina: ... What is it about?
Iikura: I've heard a lot about the tie-up with Erde.
Iikura: You weren't able to...well, it seems you didn't, create the songs they wanted... but was that really the right thing to do as a professional?
Ako: What...?
Iikura: … I think your youth will one day cause you pain.
Iikura: Just like your father once did.
Yukina: ...!
Iikura: ... See you.
All: …
Yukina: I never thought I'd see him again like this....
Lisa: I remember... that guy. He was the bass guitar player in Yukina's father's band.
Ako: B-but, even though he was in the same band as Yukina's father, he had a bit of a prickly side…
Yukina: ... Of course you would feel that way.
Yukina: Because he was… the man who betrayed my father.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
