event243-03 Chapter 2: Muted Heart

Her heart is torn between two paths. As a professional, the answer that Yukina gave is …

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Minato Residence - Living Room]

Yukina: I'm home ......
Yukina: (Dad... hasn't come home yet.)
Yukina: Phew ......
Yukina: (I'm glad Dad isn't here. I still don't know how I should face him with this information.)
Yukina: (As a professional, I will continue to walk with him as Roselia. With that person who betrayed my father.)
Yukina: (To be honest, I have some resistance. But...)
Yukina: (If I put my feelings first here, what will become of Roselia?)
Yukina: (I'm sure everyone else will agree with me without saying a word. Even Harumi-san will do everything in her power to change the person in charge.)
Yukina: (But even if everyone else in Roselia and people at the agency would forgive me, could I forgive myself for that decision?)
Yukina: (Then, the answer I should give is--.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Agency]

Harumi: Thank you everyone for your hard work. I'd like to talk to you about the dinner we talked about before…
Yukina: …
Sayo: ... Please go ahead.
Harumi: I know this is a strange way to ask, but what would you like to do...?
All: …
Ako: Everyone else looks troubled... But of course. After hearing about all that...)
Harumi: The purpose is for the person in charge to interact with the artists, so I thought it would be better if neither I nor anyone from the agency were there... but if necessary, I can be present.
Harumi: If you would prefer to decline the dinner itself, I would take care of it.
Harumi: And well, ...if you want to change the person in charge, I will of course take that into consideration as well!
Yukina: ...No need to do that.
Ako: …
Yukina: We'll also participate in the dinner by ourselves... We'll just do what we have to do for Roselia.
Lisa: Yukina, are you sure you want to...?
Yukina: Yes.
Harumi: I understand…Then I will inform him about it.
Ako: ..., um, wait,...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: ... What do you think we should do then?
Sayo: We don't want to work with a new person in charge. But we want to receive support from the label as before. Is that what you are going to say?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Ako: ...!
Rinko: Ako-chan...?
Ako: Umm, no... it's nothing...
Ako: (I'm sure what Sayo-san said at that time was right as a professional and as an adult.)
Ako: (That's why even Yukina-san made the decision to work with Iikura-san.)
Ako: (But is this really the path that Roselia should choose? ...)
Sayo: …
Harumi: You will be interviewed by a magazine individually after this, so please take good care of it.
Harumi: As soon as you are done, please let me confirm your schedule. We need it to set up for the dinner…
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: Minato-san, the interviews are over for all of us, so let's go over to Harumi-san--.
Yukina: …
Sayo: ... Minato-san. Harumi-san is calling for us.
Yukina: ... Oh, we've already finished. I'll be right there.
Sayo: (That expression on Minato-san's face... It definitely didn't show that she had made up her mind...)
Sayo: I wonder if ... this was really the right thing to do.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
