event243-05 Chapter 4: The Result of Your Chosen Path

Ako comes to stay at Rinko's house, and shares her troubles with Rinko.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Shirokane Residence - Rinko's Room]

Ako: Thanks for the bath, Rin-rin! The bath salts smelled great~.
Rinko: I'm glad... I thought Ako-chan would like it, I kept some from the last time I used it…
Ako: They're super great, maybe Ako should use the same ones too. Rin-rin, why don't we go to buy some together next time?
Rinko: Yeah, I'm looking forward to it....
Ako: E-he-he, yay~.
Rinko: Oh, how about some hair oil too...? I use it all the time, so please feel free to try it...
Ako: …
Rinko: Ako-chan...
Ako & Rinko: …
Ako: ... Sorry for suddenly coming over to stay today!
Rinko: No problem... I also wanted to talk to you a little bit today...
Rinko: I'm worried about Yukina-san, aren't you?...
Ako: Yeah…
Ako: ...Actually, Ako wanted to tell Yukina-san that we should decline the dinner.
Ako: Because I thought Yukina-san, as a professional, would choose a path that would hurt her.
Rinko: Yeah...
Ako: But I was not sure if it's really a good thing to stop Yukina-san like that…
Ako: In the end I couldn't say anything…
Rinko: Ako-chan…
Ako: You know... Ako thinks Yukina-san's decision to work with Iikura-san as a professional, as an adult, even if she has to suppress her feelings, is very admirable and cool.
Ako: But... at that time, I also thought that she didn't have to be so cool.
Ako: It's weird.... for Ako myself, it's important to be cool.
Ako: Even if it's not cool and people might say it's selfish, I wanted Yukina to say no.
Ako: I wonder if I could have told Yukina-san at that time... In the end, Ako just kept quiet and did the least cool thing I could do.
Rinko: We... were all silent.
Rinko: ...And the reason Ako-chan couldn't say anything is because you knew that Yukina-san's feelings and her own decision... were equally important...right...?
Ako: ...However, that's what pushed Yukina-san to make her decision.
Ako: I'm sure Yukina's “feelings” must have been different…
Rinko: …
Ako: I'm sorry! I kind of lost track of what was going on and started a weird conversation.
Ako: It's time to go to bed! If we go to practice with a sleep-deprived face, Sayo-san will get mad at us!
Rinko: Ako-chan... before going to bed, why don't we talk some more...?
Ako: B-but... if Ako talks now, I might say a lot of weird things…
Rinko: It's not weird.... I think it's important....
Rinko: We may not reach a conclusion... but I want to hear more about Ako-chan's feelings…
Ako: Thank you~, Rin-rin...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant - Lobby]

Ako: (I've talked a lot to Rin-rin since then, but in the end I still don't know what to do...)
Sayo: Harumi-san contacted me. It looks like Iikura-san will be arriving soon.
All: …
Lisa: B-by the way! Weren't you nervous just to come here? I don't come to hotel restaurants and such very often!
Sayo: I know a little what you mean, Imai-san. You seem to be nervous too, Shirokane-san. Are you okay?
Rinko: I'm not so much nervous about the place... It's more of the stress of having dinner with someone I don't know very well....
Yukina: Let's relax our shoulders before Iikura-san arrives. He'll probably want to see just the way we normally are.
Rinko: Y-yes…
Ako: …
Ako: (Yukina-san looks more normal than I thought...Maybe Ako was just worrying too much...)
Iikura: Thanks for your time. Sorry to keep you waiting.
Yukina: ... No. Thank you for your time today.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
