event243-04 Chapter 3: A Night of Hesitation

What will Sayo and the others think when they hear the answer that Yukina gave--?

(Character: Hina Hikawa, Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hikawa Residence - Sayo's Room]

Sayo: A message from Harumi-san... It seems the date for the dinner has been decided.
Sayo: (I still can't get the look on Minato-san's face that I saw then out of my head...)
Sayo: (... What I told Udagawa-san was not wrong. As a professional, it was an issue that we should have faced.)
Sayo: (But at that time, was I really thinking only about Roselia?)
Sayo: (I'm sure what was going through my mind at that time was…)
Hina: Can I come in, Sis?
Sayo: ... Please come in.
Hina: E-he-he, that's good... Are you studying?
Sayo: I was working on my required report... But still, that's unusual.
Hina: Eh?
Sayo: Knocking. You don't usually do that.
Hina: You haven't been well since you came home today. Is something wrong...?
Sayo: A little bit.
Hina: I see...
Sayo: How are things going with Pastel*Palettes?
Hina: Hmmm? What can I say... we're in a flurry of activity.
Sayo: I see it's the same everywhere.
Hina: Does that mean Roselia, too?
Sayo: Yes.
Hina: I hope it's all sorted out by the time two of us are on stage together.
Sayo: I guess so…
Sayo: Hey, Hina. When you have to make a very important decision, what would you prioritize?
Hina: Important decision?
Sayo: For example, a decision that could affect the future of the band...
Hina: You mean, like if someone quits?
Sayo: Yes. A decision that could possibly result in that.
Hina: Hmmm... I might think first about protecting what is important to myself. The other things can be taken care of later.
Sayo: What if you have two things that are important to you and you can only protect one of them?
Hina: Then... I don't know.
Sayo: I suppose even you have times when you get lost.
Sayo: But, that's true... It's precisely times when we can't decide, that we have to face it head on. Seriously, and straightforwardly...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Minato Residence - Yukina's Room]

Yukina: (As Roselia, as a professional, I will walk together with that person. That's the decision I've made, but...)
Yukina: (The expression on everyone else's face at that time... I wonder if I made the right choice...)
???: Yukina~? Can you hear me?
Yukina: Lisa ...?
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Ah, you're awake? Thank goodness~.
Yukina: What's wrong?
Lisa: Eh? Well, I just wanted to talk to you. Were you busy?
Yukina: No, I'm okay.
Lisa: Have you heard from Harumi-san? It sounds like a very stylish place, and I'm kind of getting nervous. I'm worried about what to wear.
Lisa: I wonder if there will be more and more dinners like this in the future. I feel like I've entered the world of adults.
Lisa: Just kidding~ We were already adults in the eyes of society when we became college students!
Yukina: Maybe you're right…
Lisa: …
Lisa: Yukina, I thought you wouldn't refuse to work with Iikura-san.
Lisa: And yet I was afraid there's a slight, maybe 2 or 3 percent chance that you'd turn it down!
Lisa: ... After all, I knew how it was for you back then, and about your father too.
Yukina: …
Lisa: ...You know, Yukina.
Yukina: ... What?
Lisa: ... No, it's nothing.
Lisa: Yukina, you've already decided to work with Iikura-san, right? As a professional ... as Roselia.
Yukina: ...Yes.
Lisa: If Yukina decided to do so, then... I'm okay with that, too.
Yukina: Lisa…
(White cut)
(Background change)
