event243-06 Chapter 5: The Heart That Cries Out

A dinner with the new person in charge. Despite the nervousness of all the members, the meeting goes more peacefully than expected, but ......?

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant]

Iikura: ――Today I've asked you a lot of questions, haven't I?
Iikura: From the formation to the professional debut, I wanted to hear directly from you all about the hardships and feelings that led up to now.
Rinko: I'm sorry we couldn't speak better... We should have prepared a little better…
Iikura: No, no, it's not an interview, so don't worry about it. Oh yes, let me ask you one last thing.
Iikura: The last live show of your national tour was specifically well-received. Is there any reason that comes to mind for you all?
Yukina: That was the result of us trying to do the live show we "wanted to do," rather than the one we "should" do.
Iikura: The live show you "wanted to do"?
Lisa: It was really tough, wasn't it? We decided to change the set list at the last minute, so we stayed in the studio overnight until the morning…
Sayo: That's right. We ended up dragging Harumi-san into it as well. But thanks to that, I think we were able to create our ideal live show.
Iikura: ... I see. Thank you very much for your valuable insight.
Ako: …
Ako: (Iikura-san... is trying to get to know Roselia. He also listens to us properly about our past activities...)
Ako: (I was a bit worried before today's dinner started, but maybe I was worrying unnecessarily.)
Sayo: Iikura-san's stories were also very interesting. If we have another chance in the future, please tell us more.
Iikura: Yes, of course. Well then, I guess it's about time to wrap things up.
Yukina: Once again... thank you very much for today.
Iikura: Thank you as well. I'm glad Yukina-chan came today too.... I also had that past matter with your father, after all.
Ako: ...!
Yukina: ... What happened with my father has nothing to do with Roselia now.
Iikura: ... Anyway, I'm glad, unlike your father, you're someone who can make wise decisions.
Yukina: My father was... My father's decision was...!
Iikura: …
Yukina: ... No, it's nothing...
Iikura: Well, I'll see you at the next meeting. I will contact you with the date as soon as possible.
Ako: Ah, …
Ako: Um, wait!!
Yukina: !
Sayo: Udagawa-san ...!?
Ako: Why would you say such a thing...?
Iikura: What do you mean by "such a thing"?
Ako: Don't dodge the question even though you know it!
Yukina: Ako, stop it!
Ako: I won't stop!! I can't stop...! Ako doesn't want Yukina-san to get hurt after all!
Lisa: Ako...!
Ako: Iikura-san, various things have happened between you and Yukina-san's father, right? Ako's sure that there are so many things that my friends and I can't even imagine...
Ako: But Yukina-san and her father are two different people. Please don't do anything to hurt Yukina-san in place of her father!
Iikura: …!
Ako: I'm sorry ... I know I shouldn't say this to you…
Ako: But, but...!
Rinko: Ako-chan…
Sayo: ...Iikura-san. May I say a few words as well?
Sayo: When we were told that you would be the new person in charge, there were mixed opinions within Roselia.
Sayo: Should we work with you or should we ask you to be replaced...? I insisted we should work together.
Sayo: After today's dinner, I thought my opinion was right... until just a few minutes ago.
Sayo: What you said just now was not advice to us. As Udagawa-san said, you were clearly trying to hurt Minato-san.
Sayo: Please take back what you just said. I'm not mature enough to remain silent when my fellow member was hurt.
Ako: …!
Iikura: Indeed, you are right... Yukina-chan, I'm sorry.
Iikura: The sight of you and Roselia facing music single-mindedly seemed to overlap with that old guy.
Yukina: With my father in the past...?
Iikura: However, as you pointed out, it has nothing to do with the Roselia members. I apologize for letting my personal feelings interfere.
Ako: If you have any reason for that ... I'd like to hear it...
Ako: Because Ako doesn't know about Iikura-san at all yet.
Iikura: You already know that Minato-san's father and I once had a falling out, don't you?
Ako: Yes.
Iikura: He gave up his professional career for his ideals, but I couldn't do that. I wanted to continue music professionally, even if it meant giving up my ideals.
Lisa: …
Iikura: ...That was a boring story. It's true that a lot has happened in the past, but I'm not lying about my desire to help Roselia.
Iikura: If that's what you all want, I want to do my best for Roselia. Because it's my job as a professional.
Yukina: …
Ako: Yukina-san...
Yukina: … I believe that neither of the paths both you and my father chose were wrong.
Yukina: That's why I'm going to continue on the path I've chosen too. With my friends.
Yukina: If you still don't mind, please lend us your strength for Roselia.
(White cut)
(Background change)
