event243-07 Ending: The Future They Should Choose

All of them have resolved their differences without incident. Ako apologizes for her behavior at the dinner, but ......

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Restaurant - Lobby]

Sayo: --Yes, we're just outside. I think the parking lot is underground... I'm sorry for making you come all the way to pick us up. Yes, thank you.
Sayo: Harumi-san says she'll be arriving soon. She was quite anxious about the dinner.
Lisa: Haha...... that's right. I think we looked pretty worried.
Ako: Um, I'm sorry... Ako said all those things to Iikura-san…
Yukina: No. Thank you, Ako.
Ako: Eh…?
Yukina: As a professional, I probably shouldn't say this, but…
Yukina: When Ako got angry like that... I was happy.
Ako: Yukina-san…
Sayo: ... It is me who should really apologize. I'm sorry, Udagawa-san and Minato-san.
Ako & Yukina: …?
Sayo: We should respect Minato-san's decision. I told that to Udagawa-san before.
Sayo: At that time, I thought I was thinking about the future of Roselia. There are times when as professionals, we have to make decisions that are unacceptable…
Sayo: But that was a future for Roselia that was convenient for me. I didn't say that purely out of love for Roselia…
Sayo: So... I'm sorry.
Yukina: No need to apologize. You say so, but I don't think Sayo's thoughts were wrong either.
Ako: T-that's right! Ako also thought that what Sayo-san said was right!
Ako: ... However, if the same thing happens, I don't think I'll be able to stand it again.
Ako: It's very important to do it professionally, but I don't want you all to have a hard time because of it.
Lisa: Ako... thanks!
Ako: What? What's wrong, all of a sudden, Lisa-nee?
Lisa: To be honest, I didn't want to work with Iikura-san either.
Lisa: But Yukina decided to do so as a professional, so I'd support you no matter what…
Yukina: Lisa…
Lisa: But when I heard Ako and Sayo say it so clearly to Iikura-san, I woke up!
Lisa: I'll protect you properly from next time, Yukina. Regardless of whether I'm a professional or an adult or anything like that.
Rinko: I feel the same way...
Rinko: When I think back on what happened... I'm very scared... I almost made a mistake... about what was really important to me....
Yukina: Rinko is right. That's why I want Ako to stay the same.
Yukina: I'm counting on you to keep it that way, Ako.
Ako: Yes!
???: Ah, there you are! Everyone~!
Lisa: Harumi-san!
Harumi: Sorry to have kept you waiting! I came as quickly as I could, but...!
Sayo: No, we only just finished. Sorry for causing you worry.
Lisa: There's no need to be in such a hurry! The dinner finished without any problems!
Harumi: Is that so...? Indeed, you all seem to have facial expressions softer than before the dinner....
Yukina: It's thanks to Ako.
Ako: I-I don't think so at all.... but anyway, it was fine!
Harumi: I'm glad... there was no problem!
Yukina: This time, I'm sorry for all the trouble I've caused you, Harumi-san.
Harumi: No, it's my job to support you all!
Harumi: But if any trouble should happen to you in the future, you can rely on our agency right away. That's a promise.
Yukina: Yes, of course.
Lisa: Well, now we have to prepare for the second album~. We'll have to work hard with all our energy!
Rinko: I guess we'll be busy again...
Ako: We need to get Iikura-san to promote our 2nd album! Of course, we'll do our best!
Harumi: Now, you all, shall we go home? Please take it easy, I will drive safely to your homes!
(White cut)
(Background change)
