event109-06 Chapter 5: Blooms Connected by Song Part 2

The girls try to put the joy of being in a band and doing shows into words.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Studio]

Marina: Okay, it's about time we get back to those questions. Is everybody ready?
Aya: Umm... We're not going to talk about any more accidents, are we?
Marina: Fufufu, don't worry, we're done with those. Let's see...
Marina: The next question is... "I want to start a band. What do you think is the fun part of being in a band and doing concerts?"
Aya: The fun part, huh...? Hmm~, it's all pretty fun...
Marina: That's true, but if you had to pick one thing, what would it be?
Chisato: I find the intensity of a concert truly amazing. You don't experience that when filming for a drama or movie.
Maya: I feel the same way!
Maya: Even if it's the same music, playing in concert is much more exciting than playing in the studio.
Hina: When I think about how a bunch of strangers come to our concerts just to see us, I can't help but feel boppin'♪
Eve: Both our band and our fans are giving their all during a concert! You can really feel the bushido!
Aya: Hey, do you guys ever feel like you give a better performance because of the fans' energy at a concert? I definitely do.
Chisato: Sometimes. I also have moments where I'll notice things during a concert that I didn't during practice.
Aya: Same here! After seeing our fans' reactions, I'll think to myself, "Oh, so that's what those lyrics mean!"
Marina: Whoa~, now that sounds interesting. What do you mean by that?
Chisato: Unlike other bands, the songs we perform are made for us. While we certainly try to discuss the meaning of our songs during practice...
Chisato: There are times when we realize certain aspects of a song onstage.
Aya: I guess you could say our fans are the ones teaching us.
Marina: Gotcha~. Now that's something we can only hear from Pastel＊Palettes. Thank you!
Aya: You know, all sorts of people come to our shows.
Aya: Among them, there are probably people who arrive feeling kinda sad.
Aya: I think one of the most enjoyable parts of a show is being able to help those people forget their worries and smile.
Marina: Wow~, now that's a good quote~. Thanks, you guys!
Marina: Alright, all that's left is-
Aya: A video message for all the people who want to start playing music, right?! We heard all about it.
Marina: Fufufu, then that saves us some time. Hold on a second, let me get the camera ready...
(Black cut)
Marina: And... Action!
Aya: Hello, everyone! It's me, Aya Maruyama, the fluffy pink vocalist of Pastel＊Palettes♪
Aya: If you're thinking of starting a band or instrument, this message is for you. Things may not go as planned at first, but just do your best and don't ever give up!
Aya: Together with your band, hold onto your dreams and moob towards dem! ... Ah, I messed up!
Hina: Ahahaha! Someone's having trouble with her th's and v's~.
Aya: Oooh~, I really wanted to look cool too~.
Hina: You really are the best~. You know, I guess this band is the reason I got to meet interesting people like Aya-chan.
Hina: And the same goes for everyone watching. Make sure you meet lots of people and discover all sorts of boppin' stuff♪
Eve: Just like me! I found my wonderful friends through music! I am so happy I play music in a band!
Eve: Where there is a will, there is a way! Go forth with your bushido spirit!
Maya: This doesn't just apply to music, but one of the best things about being in a band is enjoying everyone's individual styles!
Maya: Even if you're only a little interested, give music a shot. You won't regret it.
Hina: And that just leaves Chisato-chan! Give us a super cool closer~.
Chisato: Hina-chan... Don't say it like that. It's too much pressure.
Hina: You say that, but you are really good at this stuff.
Chisato: Well, I do my best.
Chisato: Alright then... This message is for everyone out there thinking of starting a band or instrument. As you can probably tell, music is the reason everyone in Pastel＊Palettes is so close.
Chisato: Never forget your love of music. As long as you have that, the time you spend on it will be filled with joy.
Chisato: Take hold of your dreams and move forward, one step at a time.
Chisato: And don't forget, everyone in Pastel＊Palettes will be working just as hard as you. We look forward to your continued support.
Chisato: ... How was that?
Aya: Whoa... Chisato-chan... You really are good at this...
Eve: You even snuck in a promotion for our band...
Maya: That's what you get with a true professional...
Chisato: Fufufufu.
(Black cut)
