event109-04 Chapter 3: Vermilion Memories Part 2

Himari and Tomoe say everything's fun about being in a band, but Ran goes in another direction.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Marina: Alright, should we pick up where we left off? Is everybody here?
Ran: Yup, we're good.
Marina: Let's see, the next question is... "I want to start a band. What do you think is the fun part of being in a band and doing concerts?"
Marina: When do you guys feel like you're having fun?
Himari: The fun part, huh...? Isn't that pretty hard to answer? I mean, being in a band is fun most of the time.
Tomoe: Yeah, overall, I'd say it's an enjoyable experience.
Ran: Well, for me...
Moca: Oh, it seems Ran-sensei has an idea. Everyone, attention please~.
Ran: ... Never mind.
Himari: Oh~, stop teasing her, Moca! Ran, if you have something to say, go right ahead.
Ran: Sigh...
Ran: How do I say this...? Getting the crowd excited is fun and all, but everything leading up to that is also important...
Ran: I guess the most fun part for me is hearing everyone's opinions on a song and watching it slowly become an Afterglow song...
Tomoe: Watching it slowly become an Afterglow song...
Tomoe: I gotcha... Leave it to Ran to say just the right thing!
Tsugumi: I totally understand! Talking about and creating a song together are both so much fun!
Tomoe: You've even asked for our opinions on the image for songs before, haven't you?
Ran: I sure have. Fufufu.
Himari: Sniff...
Moca: Huh? Hii-chan...? What're you crying for now~?
Himari: How couldn't I~? Didn't you hear what Ran said~? It was amazing~.
Ran: C-come on, Himari, cut it out. I didn't say anything that great.
Marina: No, I think you said something very important, Ran-chan.
Ran: Marina-san?
Marina: Being able to ask your bandmates for advice is one of the big benefits to being in a band. You're never on your own. That's definitely part of the fun.
Moca: Nothing better than a bunch of differing viewpoints~. Yup, I completely agree with Ran~.
Ran: Come on, Moca. Don't say it if you don't mean it.
Moca: I'm not joking around~. I really do agree~.
Marina: Okay, that was the last question... Now we just have the filming to do.
Tsugumi: ... Huh? Is that... a camera?
Marina: Huh? Didn't Kasumi-chan and the others tell you? I'm filming encouraging video messages for the people who want to start bands or music.
Himari: Huh? A video?! Oh no, are my eyes red?! Do they look okay?
Marina: Fufu, you look fine. Alright everyone, I'm turning on the camera!
(Black cut)
Marina: And, action!
Tomoe: I'll go first! Um, this is for all the people out there thinking of starting a band or instrument!
Tomoe: Use your music to strengthen your friendships. As long as you play music with people you can talk to with intensity, you'll do great!
Tsugumi: If you're still debating whether or not you want to start, I say go for it! You've got to strike while the iron is hot! We're here for you!
Himari: If you're scared to start on your own, try talking to your friends! They should be able to help!
Moca: Even if you've all got different opinions, I don't think anybody truly hates music~.
Moca: There might be more people looking to join a band than you think~. There are sure to be many deep concerts in your future~.
Ran: Being in a band can be plenty tough, but the good stuff outweighs the bad.
Ran: And above all else... Starting a band helped me take a good, hard look at myself. So...
Ran: I want your band experience to be as meaningful as ours. Good luck, and we're cheering you on.
Moca: Oho~, she faced the camera head-on... Nice.
Ran: ...
Ran: Shut up, Moca.
(Black cut)
