event109-08 Chapter 7: The Joys of Music Part 2

Marina enjoys Lisa's cookies, which bring a smile to her face.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Marina: Phew~, those cookies sure were good, Lisa-chan~. It'd be really easy to eat too many of them.
Ako: Right~? She brings these cookies to every single practice. There's no way I can avoid gaining weight~.
Rinko: Ako-chan... You've got crumbs all over your mouth...
Ako: Ah, I ate too fast...
Lisa: Ahaha... I suppose I have been making too many lately...
Yukina: That being said, your cookies certainly help fuel our practices. I see nothing wrong with bringing them.
Sayo: What's more, they have a strange calming effect on us all. I too see nothing wrong with them.
Lisa: Really?! Great~! In that case, I'll keep bringing them☆
Marina: Fufufu, now that that's settled, shall we continue?
Marina: Let's see... "I want to start a band. What do you think is the fun part of being in a band and doing concerts?"
Marina: ... What do you think?
Yukina: The fun part...
Ako: I know, I know~! It's all fun! Everything from practice to our concerts!
Marina: Hmm~, well, that's what everyone else has been saying, but could you give me a slightly more specific example? I'd appreciate it.
Ako: Something specific, huh~?
Rinko: I think... If you're only looking for fun... You can find that... outside of a band as well...
Rinko: However... when I perform with everyone... I can tell... that I really love music.
Rinko: I wouldn't feel that... outside of a band.
Ako: Exactly! That's Rin-rin for you!
Ako: Ah! I like working towards the same goal with everybody else~. It's like we're all in the same party in an RPG! It's so cool!
Lisa: It kinda sucks when you hit a wall, but once you've overcome it with your bandmates, you feel accomplished and glad you joined a band♪
Sayo: I get the feeling I was only able to face my own feelings because of my bandmates.
Sayo: I don't know if I'd call that fun, but it certainly is something you experience with a band.
Lisa: Oh~, now that was deep~. Alright, then that leaves you, Yukina! What do you find fun about music and being in a band?
Ako: I can't wait to hear what you have to say~.
Yukina: Don't put that much pressure on me. My answer is actually very simple. The fun part of being in a band-... No, of being in Roselia is...
Yukina: Being able to perform and sing with you all.
Yukina: Nothing else matters.
Lisa: Yukina...
Yukina: That being said, I only came to that conclusion recently. I'm not sure that's applicable to someone looking to start a band.
Marina: No, that's not true at all. Your words definitely mean a lot. Thank you.
Marina: Alright, I've just got one last request. Could I get a message from each of you to the people looking to start playing music? Alright, here we go!
(Black cut)
Marina: And... Action!
Ako: Okay, I'll go first!  Hello to anyone thinking of starting a band or instrument!
Ako: Remember this and all will be well. You must take the fiery passion within you and... umm... ride the... uhh... sound of the music! Then you'll have a blast!
Ako: After all, music is cool! If you're interested, give it a shot!
Rinko: Music will... guide you to... a new and improved you... I'm sure you'll find... a side of yourself... you didn't know existed...
Rinko: I hope you... take that first step.
Sayo: There may be times where you do not feel as though you have improved, despite your daily practices.
Sayo: Just remember that struggling is necessary sometimes. If you plan on continuing down a path, it is important to rest.
Lisa: Always treasure the desire to start playing music! I hope you get to experience what it's like to hear all your sounds meld into one♪
Lisa: We're cheering for you, so do your best☆
Lisa: And that leaves Yukina!
Yukina: I just have one thing to say...
Yukina: Are you truly ready to risk everything for your music?
Ako: Yukina-san... You're so cool~♪
Yukina: I look forward to standing on the same stage as you.
Sayo: I just hope we share the same amount of conviction as them when they arrive.
Yukina: Of course we will. After all...
Yukina: We are Roselia.
(Black cut)
