event109-10 Ending: A World Full of Smiles! Part 2

Hagumi finds answering Marina's question difficult, but Kaoru comes to the rescue.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio]

Marina: Alright, are you ready to get back to the interview?
Kokoro: I am! What about you guys?
Kaoru: But of course. My little kittens surely wish to know more about us, so as long as time permits, I shall continue to answer your inquiries.
Marina: Fufu, Thank you. Alright, then here's the next question.
Marina: Let's see... "I want to start a band. What do you think is the fun part of being in a band and doing concerts?"
Hagumi: Everything about it is fun! I can't think of anything that's not~.
Hagumi: So putting what I find fun into words is gonna be hard for me.
Kaoru: Fufu, fret not, dear Hagumi. Fun is something you feel with your heart, not your head. Of course you cannot put it into words.
Kanon: I think being in a band has made me more courageous. As long as we're together, I feel like there's nothing I can't do.
Kanon: I've never felt that way before, so getting to experience that sensation is fun for me.
Misaki: Compared to last time, that answer was much more put together... Was the problem Kokoro...?
Misaki: Well, Kokoro? What do you find fun about being in a band?
Kokoro: Everything! After all, being in a band makes me smile!
Misaki: I figured you'd say that.
Kokoro: Being in a band and playing music aren't the only things that make me smile though!
Misaki: Huh?
Kokoro: So if you want to join a band, than join a band! But if you want to do something else, do that instead!
Kokoro: Being in a band isn't the only way to have fun! It's just one of many enjoyable activities!
Kokoro: Instead of just being in a band, you should try all sorts of things. That way you'll have even more fun, and you'll smile more too!
Kokoro: After all, the world's full of fun!
Misaki: ... Hahaha. That's Kokoro for you... Sometimes she really hits the nail on the head...
Kanon: The world's full of fun... We really understand those words as members of Hello, Happy World!
Hagumi: You're amazing, Kokoron! You said exactly what I wanted to say!
Hagumi: I mean, I love being in a band, but I also love softball! Thanks, Kokoron! I'll never forget what you said today!
Kaoru: Kokoro... You and I truly do share the same soul. With your words, a new poem has come to mind.
Kaoru: A poem more fleeting than anything else before it.
Misaki: Fufufu, aren't you guys going a little overboard...?
Misaki: Still, getting to meet people like you guys is probably the most enjoyable part of being in a band for me...
Misaki: You've got me, hook, line, and sinker.
Marina: Fufufu. That's exactly what I expect from a joyful band like Hello, Happy World!
Marina: Thank you.
Marina: Okay, the last thing I want from you guys is a message to everyone looking to start a band or instrument... Let me get the camera.
(Black cut)
Marina: And... Action.
Kaoru: To my little kittens who yearn to join a band, merely seeing a concert will only reveal half the fun of a musical performance. If you wish to experience the real deal, you must try it yourselves.
Kaoru: As the great authors of the past once said, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."
Kaoru: I, Kaoru Seta, will forever be by your side. I hope you will take this chance to pursue the path to your desires.
Kanon: If you can't find the courage to take that first step, just sing this little charm...
Kanon: Happiness! Happy magical♪ This magic spell will give you courage. Good luck.
Hagumi: It's okay if you can't play your instrument at first! The most important thing is to have fun playing music! As long as you give it your all, you'll get better!
Hagumi: Ah, but don't let yourself go hungry. Make sure you eat up! I recommend croquettes!
Misaki: There'll be rough patches, but I don't think you'll ever regret joining a band.
Misaki: And coming from me, that means a lot. Although, I wouldn't recommend playing in a mascot costume... Hahaha.
Kokoro: If you want to play in a band, then get out there and play! Don't waste time thinking about it!
Kokoro: Today doesn't last forever, so you've got to make the most of it!
Kokoro: If everyone does what they love, our smiles will spread, and soon, the whole world will be smiling!
Kokoro: So...
Kokoro: Join us as we make the world smile!
Kokoro: Alright. Ready, everybody~?! On your mark, get set...
Kokoro: Happy! Lucky! Smile...!
All: Yaaay~!!
(Black cut)
