event109-09 Chapter 8: A World Full of Smiles! Part 1

Excited to start the interview, Hello, Happy World! gleefully answers Marina's questions.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio]

Kokoro: Sorry we kept you waiting, Marina! You're interviewing us today, right?! Then let's get started!
Marina: Ah, hello there, Kokoro-chan, everyone. Thank you all for coming today!
Kaoru: Fufu, this was a request from the one and only Marina-san, after all. It is the least we can do. Now then, let us begin the interview.
Hagumi: I've never been interviewed before, and I've always wanted to know what it's like! Thanks, Marina-san!
Misaki: Come on, guys, I know you're excited, but calm down. Sorry about that...
Marina: Not at all. I'm glad you're looking forward to it.
Kanon: We were talking about it the whole way here.
Kokoro: So what are you gonna ask us? I'll answer every question you've got!
Marina: I just have a few questions. Why don't we get started with this one?
Marina: The first question is... "I started playing an instrument, but I'm not improving. Do you have any good practice methods?"
Kokoro: All you need is a smile! If you smile while practicing, you'll get better for sure!
Misaki: I figured you'd say something like that. You don't even play an instrument.
Kokoro: That doesn't matter! Playing music with a smile is the most important thing, no matter what you do!
Hagumi: I agree! Practicing with a smile is the best!
Hagumi: Other than that... Ah! You should practice on a full stomach!
Hagumi: If I play when I'm hungry, my bass sounds weak too~.
Kaoru: What's more, your practice must be... fleeting. A smile may be important but so is a sense of fleetingness.
Kaoru: Conjure the fleetingness with your mind and absorb it into your being. At times, let it flash forth with fiery passion, and other times, you must treasure it quietly. It is but that...
Misaki: Yup, didn't understand a word of that.
Misaki: Umm, we're not gonna get anywhere with those three, so I'm counting on you, Kanon-san.
Kanon: M-me? Well... Let me think~...
Kanon: I guess the answer for me is... also smiling.
Misaki: Huh?! You too, Kanon-san?! You've gotta take this seriously!
Misaki: If you say smiling, that means our page is gonna be filled with talk of smiles, food, and fleeting. Are you really okay with that?
Kanon: Fuee~, I'm sorry. I just couldn't think of anything on the spot~. Just give me a minute to think it over... Hmm...
Kanon: Ah, I know what's important.
Misaki: What is it?
Kanon: Not getting lost on my way to the studio.
Misaki: ... Um, Marina-san, I'm sorry. Please pretend you didn't hear that...
Kokoro: Well, what about you, Misaki? I want to hear what you have to say!
Hagumi: Ah, wait, Kokoron! Mii-kun doesn't play an instrument! Shouldn't we ask Michelle?
Kokoro: Oh yeah! Misaki, when is Michelle going to get here?
Misaki: Ah... Michelle can't make it today...
Kokoro: Oh dear. She can't?
Misaki: Yeah, she said... she's got a meeting with other fluffy mascots from all over the country...
Kokoro: I see. Well, we can't have her missing such an important meeting. In that case, what do you think she would say? You must know, right, Misaki?
Misaki: Huh? What would Michelle say? Umm, let me think... She'd probably say...
Misaki: Instead of practicing by yourself, do it with somebody else. With another person there, you'll want to get better for that person's sake.
Misaki: ... Maybe she'd say something like that? I'm not sure though.
Kokoro: That's it! That's exactly what I was thinking!
Hagumi: Huh?! You too, Kokoron?! Me too! I just know Michelle would say something like that!
Kaoru: Fufu, Hello, Happy World! truly is a band guided by fate. Though we may be apart, our feelings are forever entwined... Ah, how fleeting.
Marina: Fufufu, thank you for such a great answer! Make sure you thank Michelle for me, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Y-yeah...
Marina: Now, our next question is... "Has anything unexpected ever happened to you in the middle of a concert?"
Misaki: I mean... Hello, Happy World!'s existence itself is a bit unexpected... We can't possibly list them all...
Kanon: That's true. A lot has happened to us~.
Hagumi: I thought what happened at our last preschool concert was super fun!
Marina: What happened?
Kaoru: The little ones kept venturing onto the stage, so our dear Kokoro taught them all a dance, which we did together.
Kokoro: Now that was oodles and oodles of fun! I'd love to do that again!
Hagumi: Yeah, we totally should!
Misaki: Anyway, that's what our concerts are usually like... I don't think our stories will really help anyone...
Marina: I don't know about that. I think I might've figured out why Hello, Happy World!'s concerts are so popular. Thanks, you guys!
Misaki: You are way too good at praising people, Marina-san.
Marina: Fufufu, why don't we take a break before we move on?
