event109-03 Chapter 2: Vermilion Memories Part 1

Afterglow gathers at CiRCLE to help Marina with her interviews.

(Character: Ran Mitake, Moca Aoba, Himari Uehara, Tomoe Udagawa, Tsugumi Hazawa)

[Studio]

Ran: Good afternoon.
Marina: Ah, Ran-chan, you made it! I've been waiting!
Ran: I brought my bandmates along too, just like you asked.
All: Hello! Hey~!
Marina: Sorry to make you come all this way~. You see, I've got something to ask you...
Ran: Kasumi and the others told us what's going on.
Tsugumi: You're redoing the CiRCLE website, right?
Tomoe: Huh? Really?
Moca: Tomo-chin, weren't you listening~? That's what Poppin'Party told us when we ran into them~.
Tomoe: Ah, so that's what you were talking about! I thought Poppin'Party was the one making a website.
Himari: They said something about being interviewed by you, Marina-san...
Marina: I wouldn't call it an interview. I want to make pages introducing all the bands for our website, so I'm asking for all your help.
Moca: Does that mean you're gonna make a page for us too~? Well~, what do you think, Ran~?
Ran: CiRCLE is always helping us out, so don't you think we should return the favor?
Moca: Oh~, you're so mature, Ran~.
Ran: ...
Himari: S-sorry about that. It's like Ran said, though. You're always helping us out, so let's get started.
Marina: Yeah, thanks! I promise this will be over quickly!
Marina: Alright, then let's start with the first question. "I started playing an instrument, but I'm not improving. Do you have any good practice methods?"
Marina: What did Afterglow do to practice in the beginning?
Himari: That brings back memories~. I totally understand what they're going through.
Ran: The beginning, huh...? What were we like back then...?
Moca: Remember, Ran? You got all emotional when you finally managed to play a note. You even said, "It made a sound...!"
Ran: That's...!
Moca: Oh no~, don't tell me you don't remember~.
Ran: Of course I do! But I didn't say it like that.
Tsugumi: Didn't we find a song we all knew and practice using that score?
Tomoe: Yeah! It was easier to get motivated because we all knew the song.
Ran: Now that I think about it, that song only had four chords. That was probably a good place to start.
Himari: That's true! It's harder to improve if you start with something complicated right away. Plus, it could've really ruin the experience for us.
Tsugumi: We were all over the place at first. I remember being so moved when our sound finally started coming together.
Tomoe: For some reason, I remember Moca always saying, "Oho~, now that sounded like a real band~."
Moca: Yup, I did that for sure~. What fond memories of our younger days~.
Marina: I see~. Thanks! Listening to you guys reminds me of when I was starting my own band.
Marina: I'm gonna move onto the next question, okay? Let's see... "Has anything unexpected ever happened to you in the middle of a concert?"
Himari: Something unexpected, huh...? I can't think of anything. Can you guys...?
Moca: Ah...
Tomoe: Oh, you got something in mind, Moca?
Moca: Don't you? I don't know what concert it was, but Hii-chan tried to get the crowd going by chanting, "Hey! Hey! Hoh!"
Himari: ...?!
Tomoe: Oh yeah, I remember that! Ahaha!
Moca: No one knew how to react, so they just went. "Yay~..." I guess you could say that was pretty unexpected~.
Ran: It was a pretty lukewarm reaction, wasn't it?
Himari: Oh~! You guys are so mean! That wasn't unexpected at all! I know you won't do it normally, but you could at least chant along with me during our shows!
Moca: Well~, sounds like we're the same as always, even while performing~.
Tsugumi: In that case, I guess you could say the same thing about the time Tomoe-chan tried to get us to yell "Soi-ya!"
Ran & Moca & Himari: Yeah~...
Tomoe: Huh?! What's wrong with that?!
Moca: I wouldn't say it's unexpected. It just sounds like a battle cry~.
Tomoe: Come on, that's not true!
Tomoe: Well, no one else will do it with me, so right now I'm the only one who does it before our shows. It's a great way to get pumped up!
Marina: Fufufu, Thanks, you guys! Alright, let's take a short break.
