event109-02 Chapter 1: Creating Sparkling Sounds Part 2

Marina asks the girls what they find fun about being in a band. The five of them struggle to come up with an answer.

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Studio]

Marina: Is everyone back? Alright, are we ready to continue the interview?
Kasumi: Yup! We're good to go~!
Marina: In that case, the next question is... Ah, here we go...
Marina: It says, "I want to start a band. What do you think is the fun part of being in a band and doing concerts?" ... Well, what do you think?
Kasumi: What's fun about it? There are just so many things! I don't know which one to pick~!
Rimi: Same here. I don't know where to start.
Arisa: I mean, we don't have to think about it too hard. Why don't we just talk about the first thing we ever found enjoyable?
Kasumi: Alright, then you're up first, Arisa!
Arisa: M-me?!
Arisa: W-well, for me, it's... You know... The fact that I... made a lot of friends.
Saya: Huh...? This is new... You're being so honest today, Arisa...
Arisa: S-so what?! I mean, we're answering this question for someone who wants to start a band. I have to give them a proper answer!
Marina: Fufufu, thank you, Arisa-chan. You guys don't have to be embarrassed. Just keep going!
Tae: Alright, then can I go next?
Marina: Of course! I'm really curious to hear your answer, Tae-chan~.
Tae: My answer is similar to Arisa's, but for me, it's when our sounds combine. After all, you can only do that in a band.
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! I totally know what you mean! Hearing all of our sounds become one is the best~♪
Saya: I had already left a band once, so I really understand how fun that can be, and how much you should appreciate it.
Rimi: I used to play together with my sister, but it's definitely different in a band. You have so many different sounds coming together, and that just makes it all the more fun.
Tae: Plus, when all our music comes together, it feels like the other sounds are playing with mine.
Kasumi: Wow, that's a great way to put it, O-Tae! That's how I feel too!
Marina: Leave it to Tae-chan to come up with such a great expression~. Maybe I'll make that the headline.
Rimi: Ah! Also, when we're on stage, it feels like our music really reaches everyone supporting us in the crowd. That always makes me emotional.
Kasumi: Exactly! I was gonna say the same thing!
Arisa: You know, it sounds like you're just stealing what everyone else is saying.
Kasumi: I can't help it! That's how I really feel~!
Arisa: Then say something in your own words. I'm sure there are plenty of people who want to hear what you have to say.
Tae: I bet you're the one who wants to hear it the most, right, Arisa?
Arisa: Shut up!
Kasumi: My own words, huh...? Well, in that case...
Kasumi: No matter how hard I look, I'll never find another moment like what I experience at a concert. That's what makes them so fun for me.
Kasumi: And the fact that I get to share that moment with everyone in the same time and space as me is the cherry on top!
Marina: So it's all about the moment, huh? Fufufu, that sounds like Poppin'Party, alright.
Arisa: Y-you know... You could've just said that from the beginning...
Kasumi: But I just thought of it now~.
Rimi: That's our Kasumi-chan. You can always count on her to pull it off in the end. Fufufu.
Marina: Thanks again, you guys~. There's still a lot I want to ask, but I think that should be enough.
Kasumi: Awww~, we're done already~? I wanna keep talking though~.
Marina: Don't worry. I still have one more thing I'd like you guys to do. Now where's my video camera...? Here it is.
Arisa: Huh...? A video camera?
Marina: You see, since there are so many people who want to try forming a band or playing music, I thought it'd be nice to film an encouraging message for them.
Arisa: So we have to say something encouraging... while facing that camera...?
Marina: It doesn't have to be anything complex. Do you think you can do that?
Tae: Alright, then I'll go first.
Arisa: O-Tae?! Are you seriously gonna do this?!
Tae: Yup, seriously. I just have to talk into the camera, right?
Marina: Thank you, Tae-chan. Alright, here comes the camera~.
(Black cut)
Marina: And... Action.
Tae: Umm, this message is for everyone looking to start a band or play music.
Tae: You may not be able to play all the guitar chords at first, but you'll get there eventually, so don't give up. It'd be a waste to stop before you even get started.
Saya: You might fight with your bandmates sometimes, but when that happens, you just need to come together and tell them how you're feeling.
Saya: I'm sure you'll come to an understanding.
Rimi: Your friends are going to influence you in many ways, so take that opportunity to find a new you.
Rimi: And I'd love to see us perform together on the same stage someday!
Arisa: As for me... I just have to say that being in a band makes everything in your life more fun... Even your activities outside of music will become more enjoyable...
Kasumi: I've discovered so many more things I love since I joined my band! I've learned to treasure every single sparkling, heart-pounding moment!
Kasumi: So I hope you all work hard as a band too~!!
Kasumi: Alright, everybody, let's end this with a cheer! Ready... Go!
All: Popipa! Pipopa! Popipapa! Pipopa!
(Black cut)
