event109-01 Opening: Creating Sparkling Sounds Part 1

Marina says she needs Poppin'Party's help. What could she need...?

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Tae Hanazono, Rimi Ushigome, Saya Yamabuki, Arisa Ichigaya)

[Studio]

Kasumi: Hello, Marina-san~!
All: Hello~.
Marina: Ah, it's Poppin'Party! Sorry to make you come all this way~.
Saya: CiRCLE's always supporting us, so it's only fair that we return the favor!
Rimi: Kasumi-chan said we'd be helping CiRCLE out... If there's anything we can do, please tell us.
Marina: It's nothing super serious. I could just use a tiny bit of assistance with something.
Arisa: Please don't hold back for our sake~.
Tae: Yeah, we're all friends here.
Marina: Fufu. Thank you♪
Marina: You see, the number of people using CiRCLE has increased thanks to you all, so we wanted to take this opportunity to revamp our website.
Kasumi: So you're giving the website a makeover?! That's a great idea!
Marina: Anyway, we thought it'd be cool to have pages introducing a few of the bands that perform here often. That's what I called you all here for.
Arisa: A page...
Rimi: Introducing our band...
Marina: Ah, don't look into it too much. I just want to ask you a few casual questions. I'll put everything together afterwards.
Tae: That sounds kinda like a magazine interview. How fun.
Kasumi: It does, doesn't it?! Yay~! I've always wanted to be interviewed~.
Saya: I'm excited to see what you ask us.
Marina: The questions I'll be asking all come from here.
Kasumi: Huh? Isn't that CiRCLE's notebook?
Marina: It sure is. A lot of people who come to your shows write questions.
Marina: Since we're already interviewing you, I thought it'd be best to base the questions off of the ones in this notebook.
Tae: I remember seeing a lot of comments written about our concerts, but I never noticed there were questions too.
Marina: Many of the them are from people who are looking into starting a band, so try to answer these questions as if you're a mentor giving a student advice.
Kasumi: Okay, no problem! We'll answer any and all questions~.
Marina: Alright, then let's start with this one. Let's see... "I started playing an instrument, but I'm not improving. Do you have any good practice methods?"
Marina: ... That's the end of the question... Well, what do you guys think? Do you have any ideas?
Kasumi: Of course! Learning to love music is the most important part! It's just like they always say, it's all about passion!
Arisa: You know, I don't think they're asking for a philosophical answer. You need to give them something more concrete, or it's not gonna be much help.
Kasumi: Ah, gotcha. In that case, it's all about rehearsing! Practice makes perfect, after all!
Tae: That's right. I completely agree.
Arisa: That's too obvious! We need to give them some sort of method...
Rimi: When I started playing the bass, I used to listen to a CD and try to play along.
Arisa: Yeah, that's it. They want something like that.
Rimi: Other than that, you shouldn't try to be perfect right away.
Saya: Ah, I think I get what you mean.
Rimi: If you try to play perfectly right away, you'll end up falling behind the rhythm no matter what.
Rimi: Rhythm is very important to playing the bass, so even if I made a mistake while playing along, I still kept going.
Rimi: And before I knew it, I started making less mistakes.
Kasumi: Playing guitar is the same way! Music is all about going with the flow!
Arisa: Looking back on it now, there certainly were times where it felt like we were practicing in slow motion in the beginning...
Kasumi: Urgh... Thanks for helping me practice back then, you guys.
Tae: As for me, I like to play guitar while talking with everyone.
Saya: I always see you doing that~.
Rimi: When we were all telling scary stories, you even provided the background music.
Tae: Talking and playing the guitar at the same time requires you to be able to focus on multiple things at once, so it turned out to be great practice.
Marina: I see~. Thanks, you guys! Okay. I think that should do it for this question. Our next question is...
Marina: Let's see... "Has anything unexpected ever happened to you in the middle of a concert?"
Kasumi: Something unexpected that happened, huh...? Have we had any incidents onstage?
Arisa: The only thing I can think of is the time we sang "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" at SPACE.
Kasumi: Huh...? How is that unexpected though?
Arisa: Come on, what else am I supposed to call it?!
Saya: Ah, now that I think about it...
Rimi: Hm? Did something happen, Saya-chan?
Saya: Yeah... It wasn't that bad though. There was one time where I sent my drumsticks flying during a show.
All: What?!
Saya: It was at the beginning of the song. Just as I raised my arms to start drumming, the drumsticks flew out of my hand, like whoosh... Fufufu.
Arisa: Whoosh, huh...?
Saya: Lucky for me, I had an extra pair prepared just in case, so I quickly grabbed those. I made it in time for the song, but it was pretty close~.
Rimi: That really happened? I never even noticed.
Kasumi: I didn't know either...
Saya: I was really glad I brought an extra pair of sticks with me. I might've ended up playing with my hands otherwise.
Tae: Now that sounds fun! You should give it a try at our next show!
Saya: Umm, I don't know about that... I don't think you could call that drumming...
Marina: Fufufu, sounds like a lot happens during a show~. Thanks, you guys. Why don't we take a little break?
