event109-05 Chapter 4: Blooms Connected by Song Part 1

Pastel＊Palettes arrives early and cheerfully begins their interview.

(Character: Aya Maruyama, Hina Hikawa, Chisato Shirasagi, Maya Yamato, Eve Wakamiya)

[Studio]

Aya: Hello~!
Marina: Ah, hey there, everybody!
All: Hello~.
Marina: ... Hm? Aren't you guys a little early? We still have thirty minutes before we're supposed to meet...
Chisato: We like to avoid being late at all cost, so we make it a habit to arrive early to any appointments we have.
Chisato: If it's not too much trouble, could we wait here until it's time?
Marina: Gotcha! You guys sure are professional~.
Marina: I don't really have anything else going on, so why don't we get started a little early? You see, I-
Hina: We heard all about it! You're gonna interview us, right? We were all talking about it in the group chat.
Marina: I see, then that makes things easier. We're updating CiRCLE's website. Do you think you guys could help out? Please?
Maya: You don't have to be so timid about it. CiRCLE is always helping us. This is the least we can do.
Eve: I have been interviewed by magazines before, but the fact that it is Marina-san doing the interview does feel a bit strange.
Aya: True. Instead of an interview, it might end up sounding like a normal conversation.
Marina: Fufufu, it's nice to know you can all relax around me. Um, alright, then let's start with the first question.
Marina: Here we go. "I started playing an instrument, but I'm not improving. Do you have any good practice methods?" ... Well? Any suggestions?
Aya: Practicing instruments, huh~? I can't really answer that one. This one's for you guys.
Maya: No, wait, I'm sure plenty of people want to hear about what you do to practice your vocals, Aya-san. You should definitely share it with everybody!
Chisato: That's right. Didn't you do a lot of physical training?
Aya: Yeah, that's probably the bulk of it. Singing in concert takes a lot of strength, so I exercise a lot. I run, do sit-ups and push-ups... All sorts of stuff.
Hina: Aren't you forgetting something? You were always coming up with new poses!
Eve: That is correct! You used to prepare all kinds of poses before an appearance!
Aya: Wh-when you say it like that, it's so embarrassing...
Chisato: It's nothing to be ashamed of. That just shows how well you do your job as our vocalist.
Aya: Thanks, Chisato-chan. That's enough about me, though. You guys should talk about yourselves...
Hina: I don't think you need to practice. As long as you're making noise, that's good enough, right?
Chisato: Umm... You're a bit special in that regard, so I don't think that'll make for good advice...
Hina: Huh? Why not? In that case, what did you do, Chisato-chan?
Chisato: Well, let's see... I did watch a lot of videos of experienced musicians.
Aya: So you played along with the video to practice, right?
Chisato: Well, not quite.
Chisato: I certainly watched how they positioned their fingers, but I also watched how they moved onstage, how they looked around the room, and what expressions they were making.
Chisato: Watching those small, casual movements helped me decide how I wanted to perform.
Eve: I see! So you were mentally practicing!
Chisato: Yes, I suppose that's a nice way to put it.
Maya: That's our Chisato-san! Mental practice is incredibly important!
Aya: It is?
Maya: This is true of all things, but starting with an image in mind is very wise.
Maya: A lot of the session musicians I've talked to also start with a mental image in mind!
Aya: I see~... Ah, now that I think about it, whenever I was having trouble with something, I'd watch a video of Ayumi-san performing to get some hints!
Maya: Yup, that's the same thing! It's also a good idea to do some light practice before getting a good night's sleep.
Maya: That way you can give your mind the chance to really absorb the practice. When you wake up the next morning, you might find that you can now do the parts you were having trouble with before.
Eve: I have actually tested out what Maya-san just said, and it truly does work! I highly recommend it!
Marina: I see~. Leave it to Maya-chan to give such professional advice. Thanks!
Marina: Alright, time to move on to the next question...
Marina: Let's see... "Has anything unexpected ever happened to you in the middle of a concert?"
Hina: Alright~, now this is the perfect question for Aya-chan~.
Aya: Huh?! Why me?!
Hina: You're always doing unexpected things. Especially during your MCing.
Aya: Those are just small mistakes though. They're nothing major...
Chisato: Ah, actually... Didn't you almost go onstage wearing the wrong costume once?
Maya: Ah~, that's right, she did!
Aya: Th-that really scared me~. Once I took off my coat, I saw I was the only one wearing a different costume...!
Hina: Ahaha! You should've seen your face. Remembering it now still makes me laugh~.
Eve: You were still able to quickly change and get back in time for our show, though!
Marina: Wow, I had no idea. You'll have to tell me all about it later.
Aya: Marina-san~... Don't say that~.
Marina: Fufufu, I'm just kidding. Why don't we take a break?
