event109-07 Chapter 6: The Joys of Music Part 1

Roselia arrives at CiRCLE full of confidence.

(Character: Yukina Minato, Sayo Hikawa, Lisa Imai, Ako Udagawa, Rinko Shirokane)

[Studio]

Yukina: Good afternoon, Marina-san.
Marina: Ah, Yukina-chan, welcome! Come on in! Did you bring the rest of your band as well?
Yukina: Of course. We had a meeting before this, so we came together.
All: Hello~.
Marina: Oh~, you all look great today. It's like you're bursting with confidence.
Ako: You think so? We seem pretty normal to me.
Marina: I don't think it's something that you guys would notice yourselves. It feels like Roselia's really powered up since Future World Fes.
Ako: Fufufu~, that's because the new adventures of Roselia are just beginning~.
Lisa: Ako~, remember what Yukina said at our meeting? You need to take this more seriously~.
Ako: Okay~...
Rinko: We must... recognize how far we've come... if we want to... aim for new heights...
Marina: Fufufu, as stoic as ever, I see~. We'll be here to cheer you on, so do your best!
Sayo: Thank you very much. Anyway, about today...
Marina: Ah, right, my bad. You've got practice after this! In that case, I'll get right down to it...
Lisa: Ah, this is for those interviews I've heard so much about, right? Himari posted about it online.
Marina: Fufufu, she really makes it easier to explain everything. I'll have to thank Himari-chan later.
Marina: Alright, can I start with the first question? "I started playing an instrument, but I'm not improving. Do you have any good practice methods?"
Marina: ... So, what do you guys think?
Sayo: It's very simple. Practice makes perfect, after all.
Sayo: You cannot go wrong with increasing the amount of time you practice. The more you work at it, the better you will become.
Lisa: Well, that's true, but... I think they're looking for something a bit more detailed than that.
Rinko: Whenever... I'm having trouble... I stop to think... why I'm struggling...
Rinko: I try to figure out if it's... because I'm not skilled enough... or if I'm... picturing the song incorrectly...
Ako: Oh~, now that's a great answer, Rin-rin~! I totally agree!
Ako: If your image of the song is different from everyone else, it's gonna sound weird no matter what you do.
Lisa: Likewise, it's really important to listen to the sounds around you. You need to figure out what kind of image the rest of your bandmates are trying to create.
Lisa: What do you think, Yukina?
Yukina: I think having a clear goal is important.
Yukina: You have to decide what you want to achieve through your current practice. Otherwise you'll end up distracted, and the practice will go to waste.
Lisa: You do bring that up before every practice. We always decide what we want to work on beforehand.
Sayo: Thanks to that, we always have very efficient rehearsals.
Yukina: While it's important to enjoy the music you create, you should still take it seriously.
Marina: So it's all about having a goal in mind, huh~? I'm sure that'll be very helpful. Thanks, guys!
Marina: Ready for the next question? Here we go...
Marina: The next question is... "Has anything unexpected ever happened to you in the middle of a concert?" ... Well? Has Roselia ever had any mishaps?
Sayo: All concerts come with their fair share of incidents... However, you should prepare yourself so that nothing phases you enough to cause one.
Sayo: I've had bowstrings on my guitar snap while on stage, but when that happens, I simply change my positioning and carry on.
Sayo: Other times, I'll change the octave all together. As long as you are able to make that judgment call and follow through, you can handle the unexpected before it's too late.
Lisa: You make it sound so easy, but that's actually quite difficult...
Ako: Ah! What about that one thing?!
Lisa: Hm? What are you talking about, Ako?
Ako: I don't know if you can call this unexpected, but I get the feeling Lisa-nee's been bringing more cookies lately.
Lisa: Huh?! How does that have anything to do with what Sayo's talking about?
Ako: I think they're also getting tastier and tastier too~. This can't be good for me. I'm gonna gain too much weight~.
Rinko: That's true... They are getting tastier...
Lisa: Oh~, come on, you guys~. I can't tell if I'm supposed to be flattered or what~.
Yukina: We have practice after this. Did you bring some this time as well...?
Lisa: Yup, of course I did. They're in this bag here...
Sayo: S-so many...
Ako: See?! That many cookies can't be good for us!
Yukina: Fufufu... I suppose you could say that would be unexpected.
Yukina: We'll just have to see if Lisa's cookies have indeed become tastier after this.
Marina: Um... Could I join you guys? Why don't we take a break for a cookie taste test?
