band3-031 Chapter 11: Where Smiles are Born

In order to do whatever she can for Misaki, Kokoro goes to talk to her one more time...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Misaki: ...
Kokoro: Misaki! There you are!
Misaki: Kokoro... Why'd you come back? I told you to leave me alone.
Kokoro: I know you did, but I don't wanna leave you alone!
Misaki: ... What don't you get? You're never gonna understand how I feel.
Kokoro: Yep, you're right. So I've decided to stop trying.
Misaki: What...? Look, remember when you said you have a hard time dealing with people who are being pessimistic?
Misaki: Something about getting a strange feeling that tightens up your chest? Well, my negativity is through the roof right now.
Misaki: Why would you purposely come seek me out?
Kokoro: Did I say that?
Misaki: ... Guess I'll just hate myself for remembering.
Kokoro: Doesn't ring a bell, but I don't think you're being negative at all!
Misaki: And what would make you say that...?
Kokoro: Think about it. You have that funny feeling in your chest because you think you might not have a place in Hello, Happy World!, right?
Kokoro: Doesn't that mean you wanna find a reason to be a part of the band?
Misaki: ...!
Kokoro: That's not negative. That's super-duper positive!
Misaki: ... Fine, whatever. Either way, I would like to be alone. Now leave so I can think.
Kokoro: I can't do that. You should be having fun if you're gonna be thinking about something positive.
Kokoro: And you can't enjoy yourself if you're alone, you know.
Misaki: ...?
(White cut)
Kokoro: I figured it out. I know when people can have fun.
Kokoro: I was all confused about what I had to do to make you smile.
Kokoro: But once I talked to Kanon, that weird feeling just went away.
Kokoro: I found the fun. I was as happy as if I'd just seen the clouds clear up to show the blue sky!
Misaki: ... What are you trying to say?
Kokoro: The feeling of joy is born from being with others!
Kokoro: The answer is right there when you think about it. We've done so many things as a band, and the reason we were able to have so much fun is that we did those things together.
Kokoro: We had Kaoru. We had Hagumi. We had Kanon. We had Michelle. And we had you, Misaki. I think that's what put a smile on all of our faces!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: I'm sure you all would've been smiling without me there. You didn't need my approval.
Misaki: It's not like I've done anything to make that happen anyway...
Kokoro: That's not true! Watch, you just have to remember those moments!
Kokoro: Like, aren't you the one who always brings Michelle to us?! That never fails to work!
Misaki: That just means Michelle is the one making you smile, not me...
Kokoro: ... Hmm, yeah! I guess so!
Kokoro: But there are a lot more examples! Like... Oh! That time when we met the penguin who got lost!
Kokoro: You were there to help Kanon when she lost her way! You're the one who made her smile that day, right?
Misaki: I lent her a hand because she was having trouble, that's all. All of you were there too, it's not like I was the only one.
Kokoro: Okay, then what about White Day? You helped Kaoru fill her stage with lots of things to make people smile!
Kokoro: Did you see how happy Kaoru was that day?! You're the reason she had that look on her face!
Misaki: Not really, I just got dragged into that... And again, lots of people were there to lend a hand. I wouldn't say I'm the one who made her smile.
Kokoro: And the Fluffy Mascot Competition? Hagumi really appreciated what you said to her!
Kokoro: "It's important to fight fair and square!" Such wonderful words! You were the one who made Hagumi smile that day, right?
Misaki: You can remember some really specific details, I see... I mean, sure, yeah, I was the one who said that...
Kokoro: There's still more! Do you remember when you told us you wanted to put on a show?
Misaki: Oh, you mean when I invited our classmates...
Kokoro: That was when I heard what you said from Michelle. She said you told her that you've come to like Hello, Happy World! much more.
Kokoro: And when I heard those words, that put a super-ginormous smile on my face!!
Misaki: ...! W-well... Never mind that. None of those things are that big of a deal. I didn't do any of it because I was trying to make someone smile...
Kokoro: Why do you get to decide if it's a big deal?
Kokoro: The ones who choose how big their smiles are should be us, the people you made happy!
Misaki: ...!
Kokoro: And if you wanna know how big mine was, I'll show you... It was like this~!!
Kokoro: ... Actually, I think that was too small. Gimme a second. I'll go down to the schoolyard so I can draw it for you.
Misaki: Are you kidding me? In the middle of this conversation?
Kokoro: Oh, is that bad?
Misaki: Man, I swear... Pft... Ahaha...!
Kokoro: You laughed!
Misaki: Yeah, 'cause of the nonsense coming out of your mouth. Sigh, still, all that pressure I was feeling has kinda been lifted...
Misaki: (I see... So I've been able to make others smile too...)
Misaki: (Maybe my job in Hello, Happy World! hasn't only been about making songs and giving the others the help they need...)
Kokoro: I'm glad to see you smiling! Does that mean you're in a good mood now?!
Misaki: Sure, a little bit.
Misaki: Kokoro... Thank you...
Kokoro: No need! I was just doing what I wanted to do!
Kokoro: Alrighty! Now that you're feeling better, let's do that thinking you've been talking about!
Kokoro: I think we'd zoom all the way to the answer now that you're happier!
Misaki: Huh...? But... we just solved the problem...
