band3-029 Chapter 9: Fleeting and Sometimes Clever

As Misaki contemplates her place in the band, a certain someone appears...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[After School]

[Park]

Misaki: ...
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kokoro: If you really feel that way, how come you're not smiling?
Misaki: ...!
Kokoro: You're kinda making this face like your stomach hurts.
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-out)

Misaki: (If the others do everything they can, then there's no point in me being around...)
Misaki: (Is there something I can actually do for Hello, Happy World!...? Is there a way for me to be like Michelle...?)
Kaoru: Oh my, if it isn't Misaki. To think we'd run into each other in such a place.
Misaki: K-Kaoru-san? What are you doing here? And what's with the guitar?
Kaoru: The answer lies within what you see. I was mulling over the new melody.
Kaoru: A park dyed by the sunset... It's the perfect setting for getting lost in your thoughts. This is where a fleeting tune that moves our very hearts shall come rushing forth...
Misaki: I-I see...
Misaki: (They said they all talked yesterday, so Kaoru-san must know that something is bothering me...)
Misaki: (This kinda sucks. I'm so bad when it comes to people worrying about me...)
Kaoru: I believe that meeting here is proof that fate is at work... May I ask you to listen to a recently-conceived composition?
Misaki: What...?
Kaoru: I will not insist if you have other matters to attend to... However, I'd truly appreciate it if I could hear your impressions.
Misaki: No, I don't have anything pressing. It's fine...
(Black cut)
Kaoru: ... That is what I currently have. Thoughts?
Misaki: Yeah, it's fitting for you. Very over the top. Should be good, I think...
Misaki: Oh, but I think you need something that sounds more "fun." It'll bring out more of the theme park kind of vibe.
Kaoru: Fun, you say...? Always impressive, Misaki. You have my gratitude. I shall think on it a bit more.
Misaki: You're very welcome...
Misaki: ...
Kaoru: .. Is something the matter?
Misaki: Uhm, well... I was just thinking how you haven't said anything. Kokoro and Hagumi came to me when we were at school earlier, all worried and whatnot...
Kaoru: I certainly do regret filling your heart with doubt, there is no question.
Kaoru: However, I do not get the sense that you're seeking words of comfort from others.
Misaki: ...!
Kaoru: You currently hope to find a satisfactory answer from within... At least, that is what your appearance conveys.
Misaki: You really can be the sharpest tool in the shed sometimes, Kaoru-san...
Kaoru: Fufu, not a day goes by when my words aren't both fleeting and brilliant.
Misaki: What? That happens every single day...
Misaki: ... Hey, can I ask you a question?
Kaoru: Please do. A question from an adorable little kitten is always welcome.
(White cut)
Misaki: You play a lot of different characters on stage, right? Do you ever fill roles that are different than the one you want?
Kaoru: In other words, roles I do not wish to play? I am certainly requested for flashy, stand-out roles quite often. Still, I have played other types of characters as well.
Kaoru: A nameless villager, an animal, the spirit of a well... The list goes on.
Kaoru: Despite the roles, I provided fleeting performances and was showered with praise for them.
Misaki: That's an easy scene to imagine... But doesn't it make you a little uneasy to be judged based on a role you didn't even want?
Misaki: You know, like you want people to look at you based on something else...
Kaoru: Some are concerned about the difference between their perceived image and their true self. An old friend of mine had the same issue.
Kaoru: Still, I cannot say that I've ever felt negatively about a role.
Kaoru: Every version of me is still me. Whether or not it's a me I desire to be is irrelevant. If it's what others want, if it makes someone else happy, then it's a me I should love, and it's one I can be proud of.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Misaki: Every version of you is you...
Kaoru: We've been talking for quite some time. I shall be taking my leave.
Misaki: Ah, yeah. Sorry for asking you such a weird question.
Kaoru: It bothers me none. I can only hope that what I said may bring you a little closer to finding your answer.
Misaki: A-ahaha... Kaoru-san, you really are a genius sometimes...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Hagumi: Sigh...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan?
Hagumi: Ah, Kano-chan-senpai...
Kanon: What are you doing here?
Hagumi: Just thinkin' about some stuff... What about you?
Kanon: I was on my way to a club meeting... You seem kind of sad. Is something wrong?
Hagumi: I talked to Mii-kun this morning...
(Black cut)
Kanon: ... Oh. That's what happened...
Hagumi: Ohhh, I don't know how to make her feel better~.
Hagumi: She's worried about something, but she won't tell us what it is.
Kanon: W-we can't have both of you being unhappy.
Hagumi: I'm not!
Hagumi: If I let that happen, then Mii-kun will worry about that too!
Kanon: Hagumi-chan...
Kanon: Misaki-chan doesn't really seem like the type to talk about her problems with other people. Maybe she's just trying to sort out her thoughts on her own...
Hagumi: Doesn't it hurt to do it alone...?
Kanon: It might be tough, but this is Misaki-chan we're talking about. It'd be nice if there was something we could do for her though...
Hagumi: Something I can do for her...
Hagumi: I got it!
Kanon: Huh?
Hagumi: It's frustrating, but I feel like I wouldn't be able to help Mii-kun find the answer to her problem.
Hagumi: So I'm gonna put all my focus and effort into the amusement-park show!
Hagumi: If we don't pay attention to what we're supposed to be doing, and we don't take care of the park stuff, it'll put Mii-kun in an even worse mood than she's in right now!
Hagumi: I'm gonna focus on doing the things that I can do!
Kanon: Oh... I'm sure Misaki-chan would be glad to know how you feel.
Kanon: (The things that we can do...)
Kanon: (I wonder what I can do for Misaki-chan...)
