band3-028 Chapter 8: I've Said Too Much

Hagumi and the others are worried about the disheartened Misaki. What can they do to help...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi, Kaoru & Kanon: ...
Kokoro: She sure flew out of here. She must have something very important to do.
Kaoru: We could only hope that she truly had an urgent errand. Unfortunately, that didn't appear to be the case...
Hagumi: What happened to her? Why would she ask if we need her help?
Kanon: If you think about it, she's hasn't really been in a good mood recently...
Kokoro: Is she in pain? Maybe it's a stomach ache. We should get her some medicine!
Kanon: Uhm... I don't think it's that kind of pain. I feel like she might be worried about something.
Hagumi: She's worried...?
Kaoru: What could she possibly be pondering...?
Hagumi: Hmm~, maybe there's too much prep for the amusement-park show...?
Hagumi: But we're all helping her with that, so I don't think it should be that hard...
Kanon: You're helping her... That's it!
Kanon: (That's right, she mentioned that she was only doing work as Michelle lately...)
Kanon: (She seemed down when she was telling me that too...)
Kokoro: Any ideas, Kanon?
Kanon: Y-yeah. I think that the show prep could be related...
Kaoru: In what sense?
Kanon: You know how Misaki-chan's always putting our plans together?
Kanon: Whenever we decide we want to do something during a concert, she figures out how to make it happen and gets whatever we need...
Kanon: She takes Kokoro-chan's image of a song and the phrases that Kaoru-san and Hagumi-chan come up with, and she brings them together.
Kanon: But since everyone is helping her with that stuff this time... maybe she's unsure about what she should be doing.
Hagumi & Kaoru: ...?!
Hagumi: You mean... we took Mii-kun's jobs away from her?
Kanon: W-well...
Kaoru: Thus, she questions whether she needs to be present for the discussion...
Kaoru: It's possible that by being able to carry out her duties, we made her believe her being here is unwarranted.
Hagumi: But of course that's not true...!
Kaoru: Correct. Hello, Happy World!, nor we, could ever replace the existence that is Misaki.
Kaoru: Still, we are at fault for making her feel such a way.
Kokoro: Okay, then we should just tell her that!
Kokoro: We can have her write the song and do the show prep as always!
Kokoro: Once we do that, she should be back to her happy self!
Hagumi: Y-yeah! I wanna tell her we're sorry for not realizing how we made her feel!
Kaoru: ... Well said. I, too, feel that desire.
Kanon: I hope Misaki-chan feels better soon...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Misaki: (Sigh... What am I doing...? I didn't even mean to say that...)
Misaki: (I bet everyone thought I was being weird. Man, now seeing them is gonna be so awkward...)
Kokoro: Misaki~!
Misaki: Ahh! K-Kokoro?! ... And Hagumi?
Hagumi: Mii-kun, We're sorry! We weren't thinking about your feelings!
Misaki: H-huh? What is going on? It's not like you guys did anything you need to apologize for.
Hagumi: We did. The songwriting, the show prep... Those things are important to you, right?
Hagumi: But we just went right on ahead and did that stuff without you... So, we're sorry!
Misaki: ...!
Kokoro: We talked about it after you went home yesterday! We wanted to ask you to do that stuff like you normally do!
Hagumi: We realized that it's best when you're the one doing that stuff anyway!
Misaki: ... You don't have to worry about that. If you can do it yourself, you should just do it, right?
Hagumi: Huh...? But-
Misaki: I took on those jobs because no one else knew how to do them yet. It's not like I was doing them because it made me happy.
Misaki: But now that you all know how, wouldn't it be better if you take your own ideas and bring them to life?
Hagumi: Mii-kun...
Kokoro: If you really feel that way, how come you're not smiling?
Misaki: ...!
Kokoro: You're kinda making this face like your stomach hurts.
Misaki: I told you already, everything is fine! Look, the teacher's coming! This conversation is over!
Hagumi: ...
