band3-035 Chapter 15: Making the Whole World Smile!


Hello, Happy World! is nothing without all six members! The colorful parade lights up the night!

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kaoru: Ladies and...
Michelle (Misaki): Gentlemen!
Kokoro: Welcome to Hello, Happy World!'s parade concert!
Kaoru: We invite you this evening to a mystifying dream world!
Hagumi: Today we'll be putting on a show meant to make you all smile!
Kanon: A-and I may get nervous, but I'll be putting my best foot forward...!
Michelle (Misaki): And now, for our first song: I Need You!
(White cut)
Hagumi: (This is it! This is what I saw when I came here as a kid! Thanks for making me smile then! Today, it's my turn to do the same for everyone else!)
Hagumi: (Don't you worry! I got this! I can fill any place with smiling faces, as long as I'm with Hello, Happy World!)
(White cut)
Kaoru: (The roaring cheers of delight. The overflowing of joyful expressions... Ahhh, the world is bursting with fleetingness...)
Kaoru: (Misaki. We stand upon this stage as five, but our hearts and souls are forever connected. Now, let us perform together and put on a display that glows brighter than the starry night sky!)
(White cut)
Kanon: (I became a part of Hello, Happy World! the moment I received courage from Kokoro-chan. Sure, I always need help from you all, but being together allowed me to take a few steps forward.)
Kanon: (I won't be able to do it the same way Kokoro-chan did, but I'd love to spread that courage too, in my own way...!)
(White cut)
Michelle (Misaki): (Despite being a non-believer in the make-the-world-smile motto at first... I became a part of their fantasy world before I even realized it. Unbelievable, I know.)
Michelle (Misaki): (Nowadays though, I don't think it's so bad. Normally, I'd think doing just enough is best, but if I can actually put a smile on someone's face, then I'd like to do whatever I can to make that happen.)
(White cut)
Kokoro: There's no such thing as fun when you're all alone! It's a wonderful feeling that can only happen when you're with others!
Kokoro: So if you wanna have yourself some fun, take part of it and give it to someone near you! You're sure to feel even more of it growing inside you once you do!
Kokoro: And if there's still someone who isn't enjoying themselves...
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kokoro: Then you let Hello, Happy World! handle it! We'll sing a song that will make the whole world smile, and we'll bring the fun to you!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Visitor A: This Smile Land is great! Who'd have known there was such a nice amusement park out of the way like this?
Visitor B: So that band is called Hello, Happy World!? I might have to check out their next show.
(Black cut)
Michelle (Misaki): Phew...
Kanon: Good job out there, Misaki-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, Kanon-san. Yeah, you too. Looks like we handled the parade well enough, same as everything else.
Kanon: Mhm. The audience was very happy with it.
Kanon: ... You decided to take part as Michelle in the end, though. Are you sure you're okay with that?
(White cut)
(Background change)

(Memory cut-in)

Kokoro: C'mon, Misaki! You should be in the parade too!
Misaki: Uhh... I really appreciate this, you guys.
Misaki: I feel bad you all went to such great lengths to include me. You got the outfit made and everything. But I think I'm still gonna watch with the crowd.
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Misaki: I was never really the type to get on stage anyway. I'll be a lot more comfortable this way.
Kokoro: Okay. But if you wanna join us one day, let us know. We'll be waiting.
Kaoru: Send us your support from the stands so that we shall succeed.
Hagumi: Yeah, 'cause we're gonna be out there making it the best and most enjoyable parade we can!
Misaki: You got it. I'll be watching, so you better. Good luck, you guys.
(White cut)

(Memory cut-out)

(Background change)
Michelle (Misaki): ... It's fine. I mean, if I go on stage, then Michelle has to sit out, you know?
Michelle (Misaki): And I know the three dummies can't seem to understand that we're the same person, but...
Michelle (Misaki): I can tell that they hold both Michelle and me dear to their hearts, even if it is separately.
Michelle (Misaki): And if that's how they really feel, then I'm the only one who can help them keep those feelings alive.
Michelle (Misaki): I guess I just feel like that's a role I can fulfill by becoming Michelle...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...
Michelle (Misaki): Sorry. I know I had you in my corner giving me the push I needed to take the stage...
Kanon: It doesn't bother me. As long as you made the decision that makes you happy.
Michelle (Misaki): I did. If I can actually get someone to smile, then I'll be Michelle or do whatever I have to so I can make that happen.
Michelle (Misaki): After all, Hello, Happy World! is going to make the whole world smile, right?
Kanon: Mhm, right... Let's do it, Misaki-chan.
Kokoro: Michelle~! Kanon~!
Kanon: Ah, you're all here...
Kokoro: The crowd is asking for an encore! Let's have ourselves another parade!
Michelle & Kanon: What?!
Michelle (Misaki): I've never heard of an encore for a parade...
Kanon: Oh, but I suppose it's only natural for a concert, right...?
Hagumi: I'm ready for another one! We might as well while we're at it!
Kaoru: The destiny of a performer is to fulfill the expectations of the spectators without fail. Let us bring them joy once again.
Michelle & Kanon: ...
Michelle (Misaki): If you're all really that into the idea, then I guess we should give it another go~.
Kanon: Yeah, and we have to make it even more fun than the last one.
Hagumi: Alrighty, Kokoron! Let's turn it up!
Kokoro: Yeah! Everyone ready? Here we go~!
Kokoro: Time to make the world smile!
Hello, Happy World!: Happy! Lucky! Smile! Hooray!!
