band3-025 Chapter 5: Leave it to the Three Dummies

Hagumi and the others worry about the busy Misaki. Then, they come up with an idea on how to help.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Misaki: Alright, I think we can call it a day.
Misaki: ... Oh man, I didn't even realize the time. Gotta hurry so I can meet up with my sister.
Kanon: Ah, wait. I'm working a shift at my job after this. I'll walk with you. We'll see you all later.
Kokoro: Okay, bye-bye~!
(Black cut)
Kaoru: Well? Shall we get going, Hagumi?
Hagumi: ... Say, Kokoron, Kaoru-kun. I've been wondering if there's anything we can do to help Mii-kun.
Kokoro: What do you mean?
Hagumi: Well, she was just saying how all the work is really hard, right?
Kokoro: Now that I think about it, she did say she had a lot on her mind.
Hagumi: I know we always have her take care of the prep, but I think this amusement park show is really tough for her.
Hagumi: We might not be able to do any of it very well, but we should be able to help somehow, shouldn't we?
Kaoru: We certainly cannot allow ourselves to be spoiled by Misaki's kindness.
Kaoru: The expectation that she would fulfill such a role snuck into our hearts without us realizing.
Kokoro: Yes, you are absolutely right, Hagumi! Let's help her out! I'm sure it'll be more fun if we all join in!
Hagumi: Alrighty! Why don't we decide on what to lend a hand with right now?!
(Black cut)

[The Next Day]

Misaki: What...? You're gonna help me?
Hagumi: It seemed like you were having a hard time, so that's what we decided!
Misaki: Ah, well, I'm glad you guys were thinking of me... but I'll be fine, yep.
Misaki: (Besides, letting them take care of anything sounds like it'll create more work for me...)
Kaoru: Fufu, you need not forgo our assistance. Progress has already been made in several areas.
Misaki: Huh? L-like?
Kokoro: Hagumi and I have been thinking about what we need to make the loveliest, most wonderful parade!
Hagumi: We watched a bunch of videos so we could learn!
Hagumi: Where we shine the lights and when we use the smoke is very important!
Kokoro: And look at this! I drew some pictures of what it could look like!
Kanon: W-wow. There are so many.
Misaki: They're not much better than her usual stuff, but... these might actually be realistic ideas, as surprising as that is.
Misaki: You know we're gonna need a lot of equipment to pull this off though, right? For like, the lighting and smoke and stuff...
Kokoro: We've got it covered! They said they have all of that at the amusement park!
Hagumi: Mhm, you can be sure! We asked them directly!
Hagumi: Ehehe, we've been a big help, haven't we?!
Misaki: Y-yeah. I don't think there's anything left for me to do if you've already contacted them...
Misaki: Alright, I suppose I'll focus on writing the song then. It'll be smooth sailing once I come up with some phrases that match the tone of a parade.
Kaoru: Oh, I have made headway in that regard.
Misaki: You have?
Kaoru: I have envisioned a number of phrases. Ones that are as appropriate of an amusement park as they are flamboyant and fleeting.
Kaoru: I've more than the necessary songwriting experience. Allowing me to take this job off your hands would be of no concern.
Misaki: O-okay. If you plan on doing it, yeah, that's fine...
Kanon: This is amazing, you guys. You did all this just to help Misaki-chan?
Kanon: The only work you'll have to do now, Misaki-chan, is whatever needs to be done when we all meet up. That must be a huge burden off your shoulders.
Misaki: ...
Kanon: ...? What's wrong?
Misaki: Ah, it's nothing. I was just so sure that I was the one who needed to do all the planning and those other jobs...
Misaki: I guess you can say I feel a little disappointed? I didn't expect there to be nothing left for me to do...
Kanon: Yeah, but Michelle has to fill in as the mascot for the day, so you should make sure you're not pushing yourself too hard.
Kanon: I may not have much to offer, but if you need help at all, I'll be there for you, okay?
Misaki: Th-thanks...
Misaki: (I guess I should be happy about being able to take it easy...)
Misaki: (What is this strange feeling though...?)
