band3-022 Chapter 2: Make Smile Land Smile!

Kokoro and the others continue to enjoy themselves despite how vacant the amusement park is. Suddenly, a stranger calls out to them...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kanon: So... no one ended up coming...
Misaki: Chalk it up to how sketchy this place is. Well, not like I expected anything different.
Kokoro: Guys, this way! C'mon! Let's get on the roller coaster next!
Hagumi: Great idea, Kokoron! I'm gonna get in the first car! That's always the best one!
Kokoro: Okay, then I call the last one! That one's just as thrilling! I love it!
Kokoro: Hey, Kaoru! Hurry! You should get on too!
Kaoru: S-such altitudes and I are not on great terms... You may enjoy this ride without me.
Kaoru: In the meantime, I shall find satisfaction in riding the merry-go-round. A wooden horse has been gazing upon me with fleeting eyes.
Misaki: I can't believe you three are having such a good time in a place like this. That's actually amazing, depending on how you look at it...
Hagumi: Well, it's no fun just being sad about it!
Kaoru: It is as Shakespeare says: "There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so."
Kokoro: As long as you feel like you're having fun, you can have a good time wherever you go!
Misaki: I guess... there's some truth to that?
Kanon: Ahaha... We should get on some rides too, Misaki-chan.
？？？: Looks like you girls are enjoying yourselves.
Kokoro: ...? Who are you?
Park President: Ah, excuse me. I'm the manager around here.
Kanon: If you're the manager... Wait, does that make you the president?
Park President: Haha, I suppose you could say that.  It's just been so long since I've seen kids having fun here. I couldn't help but say something.
Kaoru: We can forget the uproar of the city in the delight we find here. It'd have been impossible if there weren't so few people.
Hagumi: I can get on rides without waiting in line because no one else is here! It's awesome! I've already been on the roller coaster ten times!
Misaki: Guys! You're being rude!
Kokoro: Hey! When do the show and the parade start? I'm really excited to see what those are like!
Park President: Oh, we don't have those things at the moment. There's no one who will perform for us, and the parade was nixed to cut costs.
Hagumi: What?! Aw man~!!
Park President: This was a much livelier place once upon a time, but the parks with the newest attractions have taken all the customers.
Park President: Smaller ones like this can't keep up with the big guns. It might just be time for us to close...
Hagumi: Huh? You mean there won't be anymore Smile Land?!
Park President: We can't stay open for business when there's no one to stay open for. That's the way the cookie crumbles for an amusement park that can't put a smile on anyone's face.
Kokoro: Not smiling? In an amusement park...?
Kokoro: Isn't that the opposite of what people are supposed to do here? You're not even smiling. Why's that?
Misaki: Were you even listening...? You want someone to look happy with no customers?
Kokoro: Okay, then they just need to invite more people! Then, even the prez can smile!
Kanon: I think not being able to get people to come is the problem though...
Kokoro: You won't know if you can't get them here if you don't try! Let's start by giving it a shot!
Misaki: What are you-...? Wait, what?!
Kokoro: We're gonna make this park a place full of smiles! Great idea, right?!
Misaki: Back up. How exactly do you plan to get people here? You realize we're just a band of high schoolers, don't you?
Kokoro: A band...
Kokoro: That's it! You're a genius, Misaki! What else would we do besides bring people here with our music?!
Hagumi: Mii-kun's done it again! Hello, Happy World! is a band! That's what bands do!
Kaoru: There is no doubt. People cannot resist just how fleeting and elegant music can be... Ahh, just spectacular, Misaki!
Misaki: I-I wasn't trying to make a suggestion...
Kanon: Y-you guys... All of this is up to the people running the amusement park. We can't decide to do things on our own.
Misaki: E-exactly! Kanon-san is right! This is not our business. We should stay out of it!
Kokoro: Hey, president person! Can we help fill your park with smiles?!
Park President: I have no objections.
Misaki & Kanon: Huh...?
Park President: It'll be going bankrupt soon anyway. You can do as you please. It's not like customers will come here anyhow...
Kanon: Th-that was very negative...
Kokoro: We got permission, so it's decided! Starting today, Hello, Happy World! will be turning this place into a land of smiles once again!
Hagumi & Kaoru: Yeah!!
Misaki: And the headache begins...
