band3-034 Chapter 14: Welcome to Smile Land!

The day of the Smile Land event is finally here. Will a lot of people come to the park, or will their efforts be in vain...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Day of the Event]

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Michelle & Marie: Welcome to Hanasakigawa Smile Land~!
Michelle (Misaki): All of your favorite fluffy mascots have come to play~!
Marie: To all the good little boys and girls~! Please take the time to become their friend~!
Akari: Wow! It's Michelle! And Marie~!
Michelle (Misaki): What?! Akari-chan?! Had to do a double take there! Wow, looks like you're doing well.
Marie: Ehehe, I invited her to come play with us~!
Akari: Hagumi-chan was nice enough to tell me there would be something fun here today. I brought my friends too. So what else is there besides the mascots?
Marie: We've got lots of things! Look over there! The aquarium is visiting!
(White cut)
Kanon: Wh-who wants to play with the cute penguins~?! They're all waiting for you to come hang out~!
Kanon: Ohh~, yelling like this is so embarrassing...
Pen-chan: Tweet~!
Kanon: Are you cheering me on? You know, we're really counting on you today, Pen-chan.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Happy Phantom Thief (Kaoru): Gather here, those of vast knowledge. Try your hand at unraveling the many puzzles created by the Happy Phantom Thief.
Kokoro: Or come on a treasure-hunting tour over here! Let's go on an adventure that'll get your blood pumping!
Visitor A: A pirate cave...? Have they always had that...?
Visitor B: I always thought this place was kinda questionable, but it looks like they hold some pretty decent events, too.
Visitor C: We're gonna have to keep an eye out in the future!
(Black cut)
Misaki: A lot more customers came than we thought.
Kokoro: Yeah, and the park is full of smiles! I'm glad to see they're all so happy being here!
Park President: What in the-...! To think that so many people would come to Smile Land!
Kokoro: What do you think, Prez? You can have a good time wherever you are, as long as you put enough effort, don't you think?!
Park President: ... It seems you were right. The customers would've been more accepting of our amusement park had we just offered a more enjoyable experience...
Park President: Perhaps my idea of what this place was supposed to be wasn't flexible enough. I'll do everything I can before I think about shutting down...!
Hagumi: Someone's really fired up! That's the spirit! Show everyone what you're made of!!
Kaoru: The fires of passion have been relit... Today shall be a fleeting and commemorative day for the amusement park.
Kanon: Does this mean... our strategy to fill it with smiles worked?
Kokoro: Of course! It worked like a charm!
Misaki: Okay, okay, I know everyone's happy, but let's not lose focus now.　We have to stay sharp for the night parade that's coming up.
Kokoro: That's okay! We know! Let's make those smiles even bigger with the best parade they've ever seen!
Kanon: Speaking of, we have to start getting ready for that. Maybe we should head to the dressing room.
Kokoro: You should be excited, Misaki! We made new outfits just for the parade!
Misaki: Wait, actually? Since when?
Kokoro: Yeah, it was the perfect timing! I thought we should have costumes that were made for putting smiles on faces to go with the event!
Misaki: Wow...
Misaki: (Still, either way, Michelle's gonna be the one wearing it, not me...)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land Staff Room]

Kokoro: Ta-da~! Look! Well? Do you like it?!
Kanon: Fufu, it looks very good on you, Kokoro-chan.
Hagumi: It feels like it was meant to be worn in an amusement park! How fun! I love 'em!
Kaoru: If I may interrupt, where's our dear Misaki? Is the princess still in the middle of changing?
(White cut)
Misaki: Actually, I'm right here...
Kanon: Misaki-chan...!
Misaki: No, it's okay! You don't have to say anything! It's the costume, isn't it?
Misaki: I'm still not completely sure what's going on here. All I know is that the suits told me this outfit is for me, not Michelle...
Kanon: We know already. We asked them to make one for you.
Misaki: What...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kaoru: We wanted to let the world know... In Hello, Happy World! exists another marvelous member.
Hagumi: You count as a part of the band too, Mii-kun! We want everyone to be on stage together!
Kokoro: Join us up there, Misaki! We're having a night parade! That's makes it a special day!
Misaki: But if I'm out there, what are we supposed to do about Michelle...?
Kanon: ... I'd love to be up there with you, Misaki-chan.
Misaki: Huh...?
Kanon: If you want to be on stage with us, you should be allowed, no?
Kanon: Sure, Michelle won't be there, but you're a member of the group too...
Kanon: I just thought it'd be nice if you could stand up there with the rest of us.
Misaki: Kanon-san...
