band3-032 Chapter 12: The Strongest Six

Hello, Happy World! meets up again at the park. Misaki joins them, and together they start repairing Smile Land.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day]

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Misaki: Sorry I made everyone worry...
Hagumi: That's okay! We're happy you're feeling better~!
Kanon: Yes, very...
Kaoru: How delightful it is to have everyone gathered with smiles on their faces.
Kokoro: Hold on, this isn't everyone. Michelle's not here.
Kokoro: She'd been showing up a lot recently. I guess it's back to taking a break and letting you do the work, Misaki?
Misaki: I've already told you a bunch of times now. She had something she needed to do.
Kanon: Ahaha...
Kokoro: That's fine! Let's get back to drawing on the wall!
Misaki: It's pretty much done though, no? Everyone already drew the stuff they like. That means it's finished, doesn't it?
Kokoro: Hmm, but it doesn't feel that way. It's like it's missing something.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, yeah, I kind of get the same feeling.
Kaoru: It appears we're on the same page. I, too, had this suspicion that something is lacking.
Hagumi: You guys too?! I was thinking the same thing!
Misaki: Seriously? Is it really that obvious...?
Kokoro: It just doesn't feel like everyone has drawn on it.
Misaki: It doesn't...?
Kokoro: ... Ah! I got it! It's because you haven't had your chance, Misaki!
Misaki: M-me?!
Hagumi: That's right! I know Michelle had her turn, but Mii-kun still hasn't!
Kaoru: The identity of our lacking component has finally been revealed.
Misaki: Except Michelle drawing on it means that I've drawn on it too...
Hagumi: No~, Michelle's pictures aren't yours, Mii-kun~!
Kaoru: Indeed. She is Michelle. Thou art Misaki. Plain and simple.
Misaki: ... Uh-huh. You guys really see her as a different person.
Hagumi: C'mon~! Stop stating the obvious and start drawing!
Kanon: Fufu. Here, Misaki-chan. Some paint and a brush.
Misaki: You too, Kanon-san...? Hmm, but you can't spring this on me and expect me to know what to draw...
Kokoro: Anything that makes you smile will work!
Misaki: Something that makes people smile... Actually, I thought someone else would have drawn this by now, but it looks like it's not here.
Kanon: What's not here?
Misaki: Like this, and one of these... 'Kay, done.
Kokoro & Hagumi: It's... Michelle!
Misaki: Isn't she supposed to be Hello, Happy World!'s guardian angel? You can't get away with leaving out the thing that symbolizes smiles.
Kokoro: Amazing, Misaki! Yeah, when you think of smiles, you think of Michelle for sure!
Kokoro: But she would be so lonely by herself! There's no Michelle without this girl!
Misaki: What girl?
Kokoro: If you have to name one of Michelle's friends, it'd be... her! This girl!
Misaki: That's... Wait, who is that?
Kokoro: Isn't it obvious?! It's you!
Misaki: Th-that's me? At the very least, it looks like a person...
Misaki: W-well, can't expect much more from Kokoro's crazy drawings...
Hagumi: And if you have Mii-kun and Michelle... Ya gotta have Kokoron too!
Hagumi: Ehehe, I'll put you on the wall!
Kokoro: Thank you, Hagumi! It's so cute!
Kaoru: Fufu, it seems I must debut the artistic techniques of a genius. A fleeting and adorable Kanon, I shall depict.
Kanon: You're drawing me too? O-okay, then we have to add Hagumi-chan and you, Kaoru-san!
(Black cut)
Misaki: ... We just ended up putting everyone in Hello, Happy World! up there together.
Kokoro: There's no band without the six of us! What a fun picture this became!
Kaoru: Just laying my eyes upon it fills my heart with such fleetingness... Ahh, so fleeting...!
Kanon: Fufu, I hope this painting will put the customers in a good mood.
Hagumi: I'm sure it will! It's got lots of stuff that we find fun!
Kokoro: ... Oh!
Misaki: What? What happened?
Kokoro: What if we use this as the image for our new song?
Kanon: Weren't you having a hard time deciding what it should be like?
Kokoro: Yep! But now I know! I wanna use this picture!
Kokoro: It just has so many things I wanna make into music!
Kaoru: Ahh, Kokoro... Such a spectacular suggestion!
Hagumi: Mhm, yeah! I agree!
Kokoro: Then it's settled!
Kokoro: What do you think about starting with "lalalalala~, la~, la~"?
Misaki: Huh? Wait, we're already making it?!
Kokoro: More and more images keep coming to me because I'm looking at this wall! We have to hurry and make music out of them!
Misaki: Stop, you can't just suddenly start singing at me! What am I supposed to do with that?!
Kokoro: Lalalalala~, la~, la~♪
Misaki: Oh, c'mon! Wait! I'll use my phone to record!
