band3-021 Chapter 1: Hanasakigawa Smile Land

Hello, Happy World! heads to an amusement together. They can't wait for the exciting day ahead of them, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Train]

Kokoro: Nnn~! What a beautiful day! Perfect for going to an amusement park!
Hagumi: We're gonna play like we've never played before, Kokoron! I've really been lookin' forward to this!
Kaoru: There couldn't be a better time for such merriment.
Kaoru: Beyond these windows is a clear, blue sky. It bestows its blessing upon us as we make our way to the land of amusement.
Hagumi: It does? Wow, look! You can see a tiny Ferris wheel out there!
Kokoro: So that's where the park is, right?! Ohhh~! C'mon, Mister Train! Can't you go any faster?!
Misaki: Okay, alright, listen up, you three. We're still on the train. Use your inside voices~.
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: Okay~.
Misaki: Sigh, taking those three to an amusement park is just asking for trouble...
Kanon: I-It does seem like we have a tough day ahead of us.
Kanon: How did we end up getting tickets for the five of us in the first place though?
Hagumi: A guy downtown gave them to me~! I helped him at an event by dressing as Marie, so he gave me these in return!
Misaki: Oh yeah, I think Michelle got offered that job too. There was a tennis match on that day though, so I turned it down.
Kaoru: What's truly astounding is that there's an amusement park located so close to Hanasakigawa. I was unaware.
Kokoro: It's called "Hanasakigawa Smile Land," right?! With a name like that, it's sure to have people smiling from ear to ear!
Misaki: Hmm~, I have heard that name before, but I don't think I've ever actually been...
Kanon: It's been there for a while now. I remember seeing a lot of commercials as a kid.
Hagumi: I went when I was little! It was super-duper fun!
Kaoru: A wonderful memory to be sure. Might you indulge us with the details?
Hagumi: Let me think. There were lots of rides~! And they had this stage where they held a show~!
Hagumi: Oh, and there was a parade! There was all this shiny and sparkly stuff~! It was so pretty~!
Kokoro: Awesome! Lots of stuff to make you smile!
Kaoru: Shines and sparkles... How could one temper their expectations?
Kanon: I wasn't really able to picture it, but I can tell you enjoyed your time there.
Misaki: Interesting. I thought it might be kinda bland, but it sounds like it's got a lot going for it. Didn't see that coming.
Kanon: I'm sure there'll be a lot of people since it's a day off. I'll have to be careful not to get lost...!
Kaoru: Fufu, when faced with such a situation, you must simply search for the crowd of people. I am sure to be at the center of the commotion.
Misaki: No, please. I beg of you. Please don't turn us into a sideshow.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Misaki: So this is Smile Land...?
Kanon: This... doesn't really feel like the place Hagumi-chan described...
Kokoro: I wonder what's wrong. There's no one else here.
Hagumi: What~? It was packed the last time I came~.
Kaoru: All the attractions I've laid my eyes upon are awfully ancient. Along with the peeling of the paint, it all creates quite a fleeting sensation...
Kanon: That wall is in pretty bad condition, too. It looks like there was a picture on it before, but there's no telling what it is now.
Misaki: This is, uhhh, a sad sight to see at a place called "Smile Land."
Kaoru: Are you certain this is the place of your childhood, Hagumi?
Hagumi: Mhm, I'm pretty sure... I remember that Ferris wheel and that roller coaster.
Kanon: Y-you mean, those rides have been there since you were a kid?
Misaki: Usually, parks like these continue to get new rides. I think I'm starting to understand why there aren't any customers...
Kokoro: What's wrong, you guys? Now that we're finally here, it's time to have fun!
Misaki: I mean~, something's not right about this place. How else are we supposed to react?
Kokoro: But we've never played here before. Can you really say it won't be a fun park if you haven't given it a chance?!
Kaoru: Kokoro's words ring true. It is not right to let our eyes be the sole judge.
Hagumi: Y-yeah! I'm sure we'll have a blast!
Hagumi: Besides, maybe we just got here too early! More customers might come and liven things up soon!
Misaki: H-hmm... I sure hope so...
