band3-030 Chapter 10: What's a Worry?

Misaki debates skipping the next band gathering. Just then, Kokoro calls out to her...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[The Next Day - After School]

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Misaki: (If I remember correctly, we're supposed to meet at the amusement park today...)
Misaki: (Can't say I wanna see them yet though...)
Kokoro: Misaki! Are you headed to the park?! We should all go together!
Misaki: Uhh, sorry. I can't. I have something to do.
Kokoro: You say that, but you're just gonna do more thinking, aren't you?!
Misaki: What? What are you talking about?
Kokoro: Didn't you refuse to join us this afternoon because you had something on your mind?
Kokoro: You had a stomach-ache face then, too!
Misaki: Oh, did I...?
Kokoro: If the only thing you do is think all the time, your tummy is gonna hurt more and more!
Misaki: Except I don't have any stomach pain...
Kokoro: We should do something fun together! Having fun will make whatever is making your tummy hurt go away!
Kokoro: Why don't we get on the roller coaster? We can ride it ten times, and you'll enjoy yourself so much, that it'll make you smile!
Misaki: No. Are you even listening...?
Kokoro: We'd have such a blast going 'round and 'round in the coffee cups! Or maybe you'd like to go in circles on the merry-go-round instead.
Misaki: ... You're being annoying. You're right, okay? I want time to myself so I can think. Please, leave me alone.
Kokoro: You're just not gonna let this go, huh?! Okay, then how about having everyone in Hello, Happy World! think together?!
Kokoro: It'll be easy to come up with lots of wonderful things if you're not doing it alone!
Misaki: ... Stop.
Kokoro: But what exactly do you wanna think about? Hey, Misaki-
Misaki: Cut the crap, already!
Kokoro: ...!
Misaki: You have no idea how I feel!
Misaki: You could think all you want, you'd never understand!
Misaki: You always talk like you don't have a care in the world!
Misaki: You act like everything is fine, but guess what? Thinking that way doesn't work for everyone!
Kokoro: Wait, Misaki! Where are you going?!
Misaki: ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Girls' Academy - School Gate]

Kokoro: ...
Kanon: I'm here, Kokoro-chan.
Kokoro: Kanon...
Kanon: Hagumi-chan said she was gonna stop by her house before going to the amusement park.
Kanon: She wanted to bring croquettes to snack on so we could have the energy to work our hardest.
Kokoro: ...
Kanon: Hm? Wait, where's Misaki-chan...?
Kokoro: She's not coming.
Kanon: ...? Did something happen?
Kokoro: I don't get what's going through her head.
Kanon: You mean the stuff she's been worrying about...?
Kanon: I'm pretty sure it's about not having a place in Hello, Happy World! though...
Kokoro: I know that part. I just don't get why that's something that makes her look sick.
Kokoro: What does it mean to worry...?
Kanon: Yeah, I can't imagine you ever having to worry about anything.
Kokoro: I don't know what it is, but yeah, I don't think I have.
Kokoro: But I do get this heavy feeling in my chest when I try thinking about something I don't understand.
Kokoro: Does that mean this weird feeling is what happens when you worry?
Kanon: (It sounds like Kokoro-chan is sad about not being able to help Misaki-chan...)
Kokoro: If she has that kind of weight on her chest, I wanna help make her smile.
Kokoro: But I have to figure out why she's worrying in the first place, right?
Kanon: Kokoro-chan...
Kanon: ... I don't think you have to try so hard to understand.
Kokoro: Huh?
Kanon: Hagumi-chan was saying that she would focus on the things she can do, and that's how she'd help Misaki-chan...
Kanon: And in my opinion, the things you can do... don't include understanding Misaki-chan's problem.
Kokoro: It doesn't?
Kanon: You know, you're like a hero to me, Kokoro-chan. Like a ray of light that hits you head-on and shines blindingly bright.
Kanon: When I'm with you, I feel cheerful. I feel like I can smile. That's the thing I love about you.
Kanon: So, now's the time to give some of that cheer to Misaki-chan.
Kanon: I think that's what you can do for her. No, I'm sure of it.
Kokoro: Kanon...
Kokoro: Got it! So I should give Misaki all of the positive energy I can!
Kanon: Mhm! I'm sure if anyone could put her in a good mood, it'd be you!
