band3-023 Chapter 3: Hello, Happy World!'s Plan

Hello, Happy World! holds a strategy meeting to think up a plan for Smile Land. But what can they do to help the park...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kokoro: Looks like everyone's here! Alrighty, it's time to get to planning!
Kokoro: What do we have to do to get people here?
Hagumi: A concert should be the answer! That's where people go to listen to music! I think we just have to perform on the stage here!
Hagumi: A really fun one is sure to bring in a crowd!
Kokoro: A lovely idea! They'd definitely come for that!
Kaoru: In the opinion of yours truly... it'd be a delight to put on a show that is... fleeting enough to tug at the heartstrings and summon forth gleeful tears from each and every audience member.
Kokoro: I don't follow at all, but I'm sure that's a great idea too!
Misaki: Nothing concrete in sight...
Kanon: That's how things usually are. I wonder if everything will come together okay though.
Misaki: Sigh. Not to be the downer of the group, but do you mind if I cut in for a sec'?
Kokoro: Something wrong?
Misaki: I'm only saying this because I don't want you all to be disappointed afterward... I don't think this place is gonna stay open, even if you can get customers here.
Hagumi: What? Why not?
Misaki: I mean, there's no point in bringing people here for a show on a random day. The park needs stability. It'll close if people aren't showing up every day.
Hagumi & Kaoru: ...!
Misaki: I'm sorry I have to say this, but that's reality. There's no way we can breathe new life into an amusement park.
Misaki: The president didn't even seem prepared to try. Don't you think we should stay in our lane?
Kokoro: Are you sure? I think the prez wants to keep it open!
Kanon: How do you know...?
Kokoro: Didn't you see?! Us having fun put a smile on that face!
Kokoro: What we heard might sound like giving up, but there's still love for this park inside that heart. That's why it's still here.
Hagumi: I think so too. It's just hard to be confident when things aren't going well. That's all.
Kokoro: And doesn't that mean there's a really good reason to try and fill the place with people, even if it's only for one day?
Kokoro: If we can show the prez that any place can be fun, then all of those forgotten feelings will come rushing back!
Kaoru: To rekindle the flames of passion that had once burned fiercely... A very fleeting action, indeed.
Hagumi: Yeah!  I wanna prove that the park can stay open!
Misaki: And you think having a concert will bring the evidence, huh...?
Kanon: I suppose that does make for a decent reason.
Kokoro: Back to planning then! Let's come up with all the funnest show ideas we can!
Hagumi: Uhhh, so we put on the super-fun show, and then~...
Misaki: ... Actually, shouldn't advertising come first? Doesn't really matter what kind of performance we prepare if no one comes...
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: ...!
Hagumi: That's right! We have to invite people first!
Kaoru: To imagine that I, of all people, would overlook such a thing... Yet there it was, flying under the radar, as well as our noses.
Kokoro: Misaki does it again! Now we know what to do first!
Misaki: I shouldn't have to point out something like that...
Hagumi: ... Ah, I thought of something too!
Hagumi: Do you think we could make the park more sparkly?
Hagumi: There are a bunch of places where the paint is falling off, but I think if we pretty it up, the customers will love it!
Kanon: You're saying we should repaint...?
Hagumi: Mhm! We'll do that, then we'll decorate, and we'll make everything shine!
Hagumi: Look! It'd be so sad to leave that big ol' wall the way it is now, all beat up!
Kaoru: I cannot disagree. What was formerly a mural is now an indistinguishable display.
Kaoru: Painting over it would appear to be our best option. However, a single shade would be quite uninteresting.
Hagumi: Okay, then let's draw on it!
Hagumi: I think the more fun pictures we have, the more smiles we'll get from customers!
Kokoro: Fantastic! A wall that brings you smiles! That's awesome!
Misaki: Coming up with ideas is fine and all, but you might wanna actually get permission first.
Kanon: Fufu, it'd be wonderful if we could though.
Hagumi: ... Wait, there's something next to the wall. There's a sheet covering it. Maybe there are rides under there.
Kokoro: Oh, they're so cute! And there are so many!
Hagumi: These are the things people get on during parades! Like the cars you see at festivals!
Kanon: I'm pretty sure they're called parade floats.
Kaoru: A high possibility they've been stored here since the parades were terminated.
Kokoro: Could we sparkle these up too?
Kanon: You mean repair them?
Kokoro: Our normal shows are fun, but having one during a parade would be even better!
Kaoru: ...! Such a fleeting revelation, Kokoro...!
Hagumi: Nice, Kokoron! This event is sure to put a smile on everyone's face!
Hagumi: Ah, hey! While we're at it, we should write a new song!
Kokoro: Yeah! That's a good idea! Let's make it one that'll put everyone in the bestest mood ever!
Kaoru: In that case, particular attention should be paid to the direction of said event. And I suppose the floats should be decorated to create a more extravagant vibe.
Kanon: Th-the number of tasks keeps rising...
Misaki: Right...? And I'm sure I'll be the one who has to bring all these ideas together...
