band3-027 Chapter 7: Do You Need Me?

Misaki frets over her position in the band. Everyone loves and needs Michelle, but what about her...?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: Wait, Michelle's not coming?
Misaki: Ah, yeah. She said she had something to take care of...
Misaki: Oh, but it should be fine. I'm gonna help you all promote the show.
Kokoro: Yeah. If we try hard enough, we can make up for her not being here!
Misaki: (I wasn't feeling up to the whole Michelle thing today...)
Kanon: Did something happen to the costume?
Misaki: Huh? Uhhh, not really. Just thought it could use some maintenance.
Misaki: Remember? The last time we were out here, she was put through the wringer!
Kanon: Oh. Hopefully it doesn't take too long.
Misaki: Uhh, yeah. Hopefully...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Kaoru: The townsfolk have become captivated by Hello, Happy World! yet again. Oh, how terrifying my irrepressible allure can be...
Misaki: We were able to hand out every flyer we prepared. I'd say we did pretty well.
Hagumi: If Michelle were there, we could've handed out even more!
Hagumi: You might not have seen it before, Mii-kun, but everyone loves her!
Misaki: ... Oh? They do?
Misaki: ...
Kanon: ...? Misaki-chan...?
Kokoro: I think we're on track to have lots of people at the show!
Kanon: Ah, maybe if we look at social media, we'll see how much everyone's talking about it.
Kokoro: ... 'Social media'? What's that?
Kanon: Uhhh, well... It's a place on the internet where everyone talks to each other.
Kanon: You can see people talking among friends and strangers...
Kanon: Fueee, this is so hard to explain...
Kokoro: I don't get it, but it's a place where you can see people talking, right?
Kokoro: Okay, I'd like to see what they're talking about! How do I do that?
Kanon: Uhm, you can use your phone. If you search using this app, then... Here, like this.
Hagumi: I wanna see! This one says... "Hello, Happy World! seems like an interesting band!"
Kaoru: Written here are the words, "I saw them advertising in front of the station. Now I wanna go see them in concert."
Kokoro: Sounds like things are going well! And this one? "I'd love to go see them, but that location though"...
Hagumi: "There's not much to see at that amusement park. I don't know about going all that way just for a concert"... You hear that?!
Kanon: A lot of the posts are like this...
Kanon: They're interested in our band, but I guess they don't feel the same about Smile Land...
Hagumi: Aw man~! But we tried so hard to spread the word~!
Kaoru: A gloomy reality, but it appears our band's power was insufficient.
Kokoro: So they don't wanna come if it's only to see one show?
Kokoro: There's a simple answer to that! We just put in the stuff that's missing and things will work out!
Hagumi: What do we need though...?
Kokoro: We just have to think about it together! We'll figure it out!
Hagumi: Y-yeah! You're right! All we need is teamwork!
Kaoru: Indeed. Let us take the paint that is our glorious ideas and use them to fleetingly coat the amusement park...!
Kanon: Yeah. I'm sure I can come up with something if I try...
Misaki: ... Do you guys really need me for this...?
Kaoru: Huh?!
Kokoro: Everyone's gonna think together. Of course we want you here!
Kanon: D-did something happen, Misaki-chan...?
Misaki: Ah, uhh, no. It's nothing. Forget I said that...
Kaoru: Perhaps there's a reason you cannot participate...?
Hagumi: We can help you out if something's wrong.
Misaki: I told you, it's nothing...
Kanon, Kaoru & Hagumi: ...
Misaki: I just have something to do after this, so I was just wondering if you'd be okay discussing this without me...
Misaki: Ahh~, look at the time. 'Kay, I-I'll see you all later~.
Hagumi: W-wait, Mii-kun...!
