band3-024 Chapter 4: Misaki and Michelle

The band members head into town to advertise their show. Will their voices reach the townspeople?

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Station Entrance]

Hagumi: Come to our concert~! Hello, Happy World! is performing~!
Kokoro: We're having a show at Smile Land! It's sure to be a blast, so don't miss out~!
Kaoru: Surging light and sound, brought together in matrimony... Come one, come all. Join us for a day that's sure to glow with delight...!
Michelle (Misaki): Those three are standing out like they usually do...
Kanon: I'm sorry I left you to do so much of the prep work for this, Misaki-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, nah, don't worry about it. It's not like the advertisement stuff is that hard anyway.
Kanon: But you're doing a lot more than just that, aren't you?
Kanon: There's also the concert stuff and the painting that needed to be taken care of, and we left it all to you.
Michelle (Misaki): Well, you know, you should always get the right woman for the right job. It's just faster if I do that stuff myself.
Michelle (Misaki): We were able to get permission to use the parade floats, and it doesn't seem like we'll run into any trouble with the repainting.
Michelle (Misaki): Apparently, there's paint that we're free to use in the amusement park warehouse.
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, and we have the suits dealing with the float repairs. They said to leave it to them.
Kanon: Y-you already did all that. You're impressive as always, Misaki-chan.
Michelle (Misaki): We just have so many things we need to do this time around. I wanted to make sure we got what we could out of the way.
Michelle (Misaki): Of course, there's still a lot on our plate. And there's no telling how anything will actually turn out.
Kanon: Y-yeah, that's true. I wonder if us performing will be enough to convince the customers to come...
Michelle (Misaki): Hmm. We have created somewhat of a name for ourselves among the locals.
Michelle (Misaki): We've got fans who actually call out to us at shows now, and more and more people seem to be keeping an eye out for whatever we're gonna do next.
Kanon: Now that you mention it, we're given a lot more opportunities to perform nowadays.
Michelle (Misaki): Not to mention, Kaoru-san is really popular around these parts, and Kokoro's presence can be very powerful. We definitely have what it takes to attract attention.
Kanon: Hmm~, we can thank Michelle for that too, can't we...?
Michelle (Misaki): What? Me?
Kanon: I think more people know her name after winning the Fluffy Mascot Competition.
Kanon: I feel like there are people who pay attention to whatever Michelle does too.
Michelle (Misaki): Y-you think so...? Hm?
Passerby A: Ahhh! It's Michelle~! Will you take a picture with me?!
Passerby B: And me! And me! Can I shake your hand, too?!
Michelle (Misaki): Huh? What? What is going on?
Kanon: See, Michelle has a lot of fans out there.
Michelle (Misaki): I guess it did feel like I was drawing a lot of attention at concerts... Whoa!
Michelle (Misaki): Hey! No pushing! Stop! No pulling either~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Tsurumaki Residence]

Hagumi: We sure did hand out a lot of flyers, didn't we?!
Kokoro: That's Michelle for you! She got so many people interested in coming to the show!
Misaki: Wh-what a nightmare...
Kanon: A-all those fans sure did give you a tough time, didn't they?
Misaki: I think I've shaken enough hands for a lifetime...
Kokoro: By the way, did she go home already? Aw man, I had a favor to ask her.
Kanon: What kind of favor...?
Kokoro: I think if we have our celebrity bear do something at the amusement park, lots and lots of people will come!
Kaoru: Now that I gaze back, I do not recall there being a mascot. You simply cannot imagine an amusement park without a lovable, fluffy friend. Shall we inquire about her filling in for a day?
Hagumi: Oh! That'd be amazing! One of the many things you look forward to when you go is seeing the mascots, isn't it?!
Misaki: Man, I have such a bad feeling about this...
Kanon: Y-yeah. I guess it'd be like today where you interact with all the customers...
Kokoro: Now that we're talking about it, don't mascots also put on shows? I'm sure everyone would have a great time if Michelle did one!
Kaoru: Oh, the very thought of witnessing her on stage... It'd be an especially fleeting and memorable time indeed.
Hagumi: I wanna see that too! Let's ask her to do it!
Misaki: J-just hold on a sec'! You're asking for the impossible!
Misaki: I've already got prep for the show to do, as well as repainting and float-related tasks... A-and then the advertising stuff on top of that!
Kokoro: ...? We're not asking you. We're asking Michelle.
Misaki: How many times do I have to tell you?! I am Michelle!
Kanon: M-Misaki-chan...!
Misaki: Let me break this down so you all finally understand. If you guys don't chill out, my body won't be able to keep up for very long.
Kokoro: You're Misaki, right? Then you can't be Michelle.
Hagumi: I know how you feel, Mii-kun~! Michelle is just so cute! Anyone would wanna be her!
Kaoru: The aspiration to be Michelle is completely understandable, but alas, you cannot yearn for such a thing.
Kaoru: She is Michelle. Thou art Misaki. Within each of you exists something unique and marvelous...
Misaki: H-how did I become a Michelle wannabe...?!
Misaki: Come on, already! You've all seen me come out of Michelle before!
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: You came out of Michelle?
Hagumi: What are you talking about, Mii-kun? You can't go inside a bear.
Misaki: Are you kidding me?! You were all losing your minds because she turned into a human girl!
Kokoro: Of course we were! We can't have Michelle turning into a different person! That'd be bad!
Kaoru: The sudden disappearance of our friend brought upon grave concern.
Misaki: Kanon-san, help. The room is starting to spin...
Kanon: Fueee! It'll be okay, Misaki-chan! Hang in there...!
Misaki: Alright, let's forget about Kokoro and Kaoru-san for a second. What exactly is keeping you from getting this, Hagumi?
Kanon: Sh-she makes a good point. You've worn a similar costume before.
Kanon: If you just think of Michelle as a costume too, you should be able to follow what Misaki-chan is saying, right?
Hagumi: A Michelle costume...? But those are what you wear when you wanna pretend to be a mascot.
Hagumi: Michelle is already a mascot, though, so it would be weird if she was pretending to be one too!
Kanon: Now what, Misaki-chan? My head is starting to spin too~...!
Misaki: Kanon-san, pull it together!
Kaoru: Fret no longer, you two. I've come to comprehend what it is you're trying to say.
Kanon: It didn't look that way to me...
Kaoru: Misaki supports Michelle behind the scenes. Therefore, an increase in work for Michelle begets an unfortunate result: an increase in work for Misaki. Is it not but that?
Misaki: You got the unfortunate result part right, but you're still way off-base...
Hagumi: Ooo, we're sorry we didn't realize sooner, Mii-kun.
Misaki: I-I told you, that's not it~...!
Kanon: Th-they're just not getting it...
