band3-026 Chapter 6: A Hazy Heart

Thanks to everyone's help, Misaki's workload has decreased. She knows she should be happy, but...

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[A Few Days Later]

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land]

Kokoro: Another fun day of handing out flyers!
Kokoro: And now to make the park shine as much as we can! Does everyone have their paint?
(White cut)
Hagumi: We're ready to go~! Michelle, over here! We're gonna draw pictures on this wall!
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, right, the mural... So what exactly should we put on it?
Hagumi: Anything is fine as long as it makes you smile!
Michelle (Misaki): Thinking from Michelle's perspective... I guess I should draw honey?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Kanon: Fufu, I think I'll draw a jellyfish then.
Michelle (Misaki): Ah, Kanon-san...
Kanon: Michelle was a big hit again today, wasn't she? There was a lot of handshaking and picture-taking.
Michelle (Misaki): It's not like I did anything special though...
Michelle (Misaki): Before I realized it, I was surrounded by fans. I was just doing my best to keep up, really.
Kokoro: You make people smile just by being around! Just another Michelle moment!
Hagumi: That's what happens when you're fluffy and cuddly! No one can help being cheerful around her!
Kaoru: Spreading joy by simply existing... Fufu, a cruel fate for the both of us.
Michelle (Misaki): Sigh... Everyone sure loves Michelle...
Hagumi: Oh, I just remembered, Kokoron! Did you come up with an idea for the song?
Kokoro: Mmm~, not yet. There are just so many things I wanna make into music. I have to think more about what to go with.
Kaoru: An imagination brimming beyond containment. You've fulfilled our expectations once again, Kokoro. Suppress thy qualms, for there is an abundance of time to ponder the subject.
Kaoru: In the meantime, I shall create countless fleeting melodies. I shall be prepared to accommodate any image you could possibly conceive.
Kanon: They sure are full of energy considering we just came back from promoting the show in town.
Michelle (Misaki): It'd be nice if they shared it. I'm sure they could afford to lose some...
Kanon: Fufu, you were pretty amazing out there too, you know.
Kanon: I felt like I had to try even harder after seeing all the people you were getting to smile.
Michelle (Misaki): What? No way. You were already doing so much.
Michelle (Misaki): I'm telling you, I pretty much do nothing. Michelle's the popular one. I'm just riding her coattails.
Kanon: I don't think that's all you're doing though...
Kanon: Just make sure you don't overdo it, okay? You've seemed a bit tired recently.
Michelle (Misaki): I-I have?
Kanon: I hope it's just my imagination, but I've been thinking to myself that you seem down.
Michelle (Misaki): Ahh, no, it's okay. I'm fine. It's just that I've only been doing Michelle stuff recently, so that's been on my mind.
Michelle (Misaki): You know, 'cause I'm usually so busy writing the music and planning the concert...
Kanon: Right, but now, the others have reached a point where they can actually help out with all the tasks you always do.
Kanon: I would think that's a positive thing though... Is there something wrong with that?
Michelle (Misaki): Oh, no no, you're right... It's definitely a good thing...
Michelle (Misaki): Ahaha, yep, there's no problem here. Don't worry about it.
Kanon: A-are you sure? Okay, I hope so...
Michelle (Misaki): ...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hanasakigawa Smile Land Staff Room]

Black Suit: We're ready to collect Michelle. Please let us know once you've changed.
Black Suit: We will be stationed outside to keep Kokoro-sama and the others from entering.
Misaki: Ah, okay. Thanks. Sorry you always have to do this...
Misaki: Sigh... Why do I feel so confused about all this?
Misaki: I should be glad that Kokoro and the others are helping...
Misaki: (She and Hagumi are always all over the place, but they're doing their best to take that wildness and turn it into something concrete.)
Misaki: (Kaoru-san is used to writing music now... With the decrease in workload, my schedules become less hectic for sure...)
Misaki: But now there's nothing on it...
Misaki: (Now that I think about it, Kanon-san was able to take Kokoro's ideas and turn them into lyrics too. At this rate...)
Misaki: There's really gonna be nothing for me to do...
Michelle: ...
Misaki: Sure, I've never actually liked standing out, but I can't say it feels great to only play the role of Michelle...
Misaki: You've got it good, don't you? You can just exist and serve a purpose. Apparently, all you have to do is be around and people start smiling.
Michelle: ...
Misaki: Hey, Michelle... Do you think you could make me smile too...?
