band3-033 Chapter 13: Joy Is Made With Someone

The new song for their parade concert is finally done! Now it's time to figure out how to make the amusement park even more fun.

(Character: Kokoro Tsurumaki, Kaoru Seta, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Misaki Okusawa)

[Studio]

Misaki: ... So that's how I put everything together for the song. What do you guys think?
Hagumi: Awesome... That was great! More than great! I wish I could be playing it at the parade right now!
Kaoru: All of the phrases we imagined, forming into one and creating the most spectacular of pieces. Ahhh, yet another musical work of genius has entered the world...
Kanon: I like it too... There's a fun sound that's very fitting for a parade.
Kokoro: Yep! A lovely song that'll make everyone smile! Hello, Happy World! shouldn't have it any other way!
Misaki: The excitement is a bit excessive for not having even rehearsed the song yet. Although, I do think it turned out pretty well, if I do say so myself...
Hagumi: Oh, the prep for the event has been going well too! I know the suits are helping with the floats and everything, but it's all so amazing! Amazing, I tell you!!
Kanon: Th-thank you, Hagumi-chan. Now we know just how 'amazing' it is.
Kokoro: Ah, that reminds me. The amusement park people contacted us yesterday...
Misaki: What?! They're not mad about something, are they...?
Kokoro: Nope. They said they wanted to help paint! And they're gonna fix up the bumpy road before the day of the parade!
Kanon: So they're lending us a hand?
Kokoro: That's right. They wanted to do whatever they could to help out their park!
Hagumi: So they finally get how we feel...?
Kanon: That sure would be nice.
Kaoru: How wonderful it is to hear that all is progressing flawlessly. Unfortunately, that still leaves one concern to be grappled with.
Kanon: The negative reactions from people seeing our flyers, right...?
Misaki: I mean, they already know how much of a downer being at Smile Land can be...
Hagumi: How are we supposed to get people there...?
Kokoro: You guys, we have to smile!
Kokoro: If we don't, there's no way we'll get other people to have fun!
Hagumi: I know~, but I'm still worried~...
Misaki: Hmm~, we need them to have fun, huh...? Ah!
Misaki: Kokoro, you know how you were saying joy is born from being with others?
Kokoro: Yep, I do! If everyone came together like Hello, Happy World! does, they'd all be in for a really good time!
Misaki: Couldn't you say the same thing for an amusement park?
Kanon: What do you mean?
Misaki: Instead of trying to bring excitement with Hello, Happy World!'s power alone, maybe we should be adding more people to the mix. That should make for an even better event, no?
Misaki: Not that I have more to say than that. It was just a thought...
Kokoro, Kaoru, Hagumi & Kanon: Yeah! That's it!
Kokoro: Aren't there people who would be willing to help?
Hagumi: Hmm~... Ah, what about the fluffy mascots? They've helped put a smile on my face before!
Hagumi: If we can get all of them to Smile Land, I'm sure they could get lots of people smiling!
Kaoru: One cannot deny that each and every one of those mascots have a level a charm that even rivals my own.
Misaki: That's actually a decent idea... Just like how Michelle is popular, there might be fans of the other mascots who are willing to come see them.
Hagumi: Okay! And I'll be Marie so we can liven the place up even more! I'll ask the mascot agent if we can bring the others along, too!
Kanon: A-alright, maybe I'll reach out to the aquarium and ask them if they can help, then.
Kokoro: Is that where the penguin that got lost lives?
Kanon: Mhm. They also travel sometimes. I smiled when I was with Pen-chan. Hopefully, it'll be the same for everyone else.
Misaki: An aquarium at an amusement park. That is a wild idea.
Kanon: I-is it bad...?
Misaki: Nah, it's good. It's especially fitting for Hello, Happy World!, don't you think? It's got that anything-goes vibe.
Kaoru: Indeed. One can only anticipate a more thrilling and festive experience when there are more attractions to enjoy.
Kokoro: Did you have someone in mind, Kaoru?
Kaoru: Well... There's one person in particular. Someone who can add brilliant and colorful personality to the amusement park.
Misaki & Kokoro: What? Who?
Kaoru: It's the Happy Phantom Thief you're all acquainted with!
Kaoru: Would it not be a glorious idea to ask for her assistance in creating a puzzle-solving event?
Kaoru: A fleeting activity in a world of mystery. She need simply to alter her performance to be more befitting of an amusement park instead of a cruise ship.
Kokoro: I'm sure she'd make something fun for us! We'd love to have her!
Kokoro: Okay, then I'll... hold a treasure-hunting event!
Hagumi: You're gonna hunt for treasure?
Kokoro: Well, I had a blast when we did it on Happy Happy Island, so I think it'd be a great idea!
Kokoro: There'd be a cave, there'd be bats... Everyone can get a taste of that heart-racing adventure!
Misaki: Now I think you're getting a little ahead of yourself. Besides, there are no caves or anything like that at the amusement park.
Black Suit: There should be no issue if you allow us to take care of it.
Kokoro: Doesn't sound like a problem to me!
Misaki: Is it just me, or does it feel like an incredible force was just unleashed...?
Kanon: With all those things, customers just might come.
Misaki: You got that right. I'm not sure how realistic it all is, but we can just start by doing what we can.
Kokoro, Kaoru & Hagumi: Yeah!!
