event245-05 Chapter 4: Runaway! Rimi Train

Moca and Lisa heard Rimi's voice and rushed to her. Rimi's eyes were glued to one of the food stalls, and she ......?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Shrine]

Moca: Rimi-rin, what's the matter~? We heard you screaming…
Rimi: …Cornet…
Moca & Lisa: Say what?
Rimi: There's a food stall for soft serve in cornets! I always look for them at festivals but I could never find it… Can I go and get it!?
Lisa: O, of course. So the screaming was…
CHU² (Chiyu): Just Rimi finding a soft serve cornet food stall.
Lisa: Ahaha, so that was it... Good to know it wasn't anything serious.
Rimi: It is serious! To think I'd actually find one here… Everyone has to buy one, or you'll definitely regret it!
Moca: Ooh~ Rimi-rin, your eyes are sparkling with your love for cornets~
CHU² (Chiyu): Weren't you saying you were full just a moment ago?
Rimi: No way, there's always room for dessert and cornets.
Lisa: Shall we check out the nearby stands then? The line for prayers is still quite long.
Toko: Seriously!? Wow, where do we start? Any stall is fine, right?
Toko: My grandmother is really strict, so it was hard to get her to buy me stuff from the stalls. Being able to go around freely like this is super fun!
Lisa: What about you, CHU²? Anything you want to try?
CHU² (Chiyu): Um, no, no, I'm fine.
Moca: That said, CHU²'s eyes are on the food stall for malt syrup candy~
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm just looking! To me, food stalls in Japan are just unusual as I lived overseas most of my life!
Rimi: Could it be that CHU²-chan and Toko-chan have never gone around the food stalls before…!?
Rimi: Let's get a soft serve cornet right away and check out the other stalls!
Toko & CHU²: !?
Rimi: Think about it, a prayer visit without walking around food stalls is just like a cornet without chocolate…
Toko: Um… A cornet without chocolate means, just plain bread?
CHU² (Chiyu): Don’t ask me!
Rimi: Just follow me! I'll show you some really good stall food recommendations!
Toko: Wait, Ri- Rimi-san! I'll come along, you don’t have to pull me like that!
CHU² (Chiyu): Why me too…! Hey you two, don't just stand there, stop her~!
Lisa: Nope~ I think maybe stopping that is even beyond us…
Moca: For Rimi-rin to love food stalls this much that even those two are blown away by it… Incredible~
(Black cut)
Lisa: Ahhh, I ended up eating too much~! Just as you said Rimi-rin, all your recommendations were amazingly delicious!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm done… I don't think I can do food stalls again anytime soon…
Rimi: So, sorry… I got carried away ever since I found the soft serve cornet…
Lisa: Hahaha, it was fun seeing a new side of you, Rimi-rin☆  Well then, since the line for prayers seems to have cleared up, let's go get in line!
Moca: Toko-chan is still doing an encore tour of the food stalls, so Moca-chan will go get her~
(Black cut)
Moca: Should be around here… Oh, found her!
Toko: Ah, Moca-san! You should get this sweet red bean paste dog, too! It's definitely the next big trend!
Moca: So is it like a hot dog made out of red bean paste? Actually isn't that just red bean paste sandwiched in a roll?
Toko: No, no, no. Completely different!  Right? Take a look and see for yourself~
Moca: Alright, alright. I'm full, though.
Toko: Huh? I thought you would be interested in it for sure, Moca-san... Could it be that you aren't feeling well or something?
Toko: How should I put it, you seem a bit down… I hope that's not the case!
Moca: …Ahaha. Moca-chan is always full of cheer and energy~ By the way, we should be in line for the prayers.
Toko: Got it! Ah, but before that, let me take a picture of this red bean paste dog for Morfonica!
Moca: …Speaking of Morfonica, how are the rest? After what happened in G.B.T. and all that~
Toko: Ah, we were quite bummed out about losing, but everyone's still lively! If anything, we're more concerned lately about the change in the school's chairwoman and stricter school rules~
Toko: We're in the midst of challenging the chairwoman by making presentation documents!
Moca: So that's the case~ Moca-chan didn't know Tsukinomori was in such chaos… But Toko-chan is still full of energy~
Toko: Huh? Well it's because that's that and this is this right? Totally separate issues!
Moca: Even so, aren't there moments where you can't help but wonder~ Like what's going to happen from now on, things like that.
Toko: Nope-, not at all! Right now is a time for enjoying the fun stuff to the fullest, so I'm having a blast!
Moca: Mm~, is that so?
Toko: That’s right! After all, even if I worry about it now, it still wouldn't solve the school's problems.
Toko: Have fun when it's time to have fun! Worry about it when it's time to worry! Isn't that a better way of handling things?
Moca: That may be true~ But in reality it's often easier said than done…
Toko: Oh, Moca-san, look! A Shooting Gallery stand! Can I try one? I always wanted to try when I was little!
Moca: …Though Toko-chan makes it look so easy…
Toko: Hmm, what did you say?
Moca: Nah, just that I want to learn from Toko-chan~
Toko: I'm not sure what you are talking about, but go ahead! I guess I'm so special that people want to mimic me even just living my life normally!
Moca: Fufu… You are right about that~
(Black cut)
Moca: Oh, found the rest~
Lisa: Moca and Toko! You two took a while, I was getting worried.
Moca: Hmm… We regrouped for a bit, but actually Moca-chan has a favor to ask of everyone~
Lisa: A favor?
Moca: Actually Toko-chan found some stalls that Moca-chan is quite interested in too~ So if it's okay, maybe we could take a little detour?
CHU² (Chiyu): Hold up, haven't we been doing a little bit too much detouring?
Toko: Don't sweat the small stuff! CHU², you're gonna love it so much! Rimi-san too!
Lisa: Hey, wait up, what about the prayers!? …They're already gone.
Moca: Lisa-san, we should go too~
Lisa: Jeez, now even Moca is acting like Toko too~ Where did our strongest tag team go?
Moca: Hehehe, sorry~
Lisa: …Cheeky girl. Just for a while, okay?
Moca: Woo hoo! Lisa-san, let's get going~
Lisa: …Fufufu
