event245-02 Chapter 1: Bitter Enemies in the Same Boat

The five of them decided to go on a New Year's trip. However, things were awkward in the car. ......?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Inside Lisa's car]

Toko: Oh~, it's starting to look more like a tourist spot!
Rimi: Yeah, there's more and more shops catering to tourists dotted along the street.
Lisa: I get that feel. When you start seeing those kinda things, it really makes you feel like you're getting closer.
Lisa: Moca, is your motion sickness okay? I'm still not used to driving, so I'm sorry if it's rough for you.
Moca: It's fine it's fine~. Moca took some medicine for motion sickness today so it's all good~
Lisa: How about everyone else in the back?
Toko: Doing great! CHU², take a look outside.
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not looking. Honestly… Why do I have to go on a trip with such a random group right at the start of the New Year?
Toko: Eh? If you didn't like it that much, you shouldn't have come along then?
CHU² (Chiyu): You were the one who came all the way to my place and blew up my phone until I came out!?
Toko: But you didn't reply to us in the group chat, so I thought you must've been sleeping. Wasn't that considerate of me?
CHU² (Chiyu): Jeez, stop the car right now! Let me out here!
Rimi: CHU²-chan, calm down...!
Toko: We're already on the highway, so it's impossible if you think about it?
CHU² (Chiyu): Then, YOU stop talking! Right now!!
Toko: I said stop asking for the impossible. Man, CHU², you're so selfish~
CHU² (Chiyu): ~~~~!!!
Rimi: L- Let's try to be nicer to each other!
Lisa: Alright let's calm down, do you all want some snacks? Rimi, help me open this up and hand them out!
Rimi: S- Sure.
Toko: Oh! I love this one~. Thank you, Lisa-san!
CHU² (Chiyu): Whatever!!
Lisa: Ahaha…
Moca: Man, looks like a mess back there~ Lisa-san, you having to take care of this group is quite the hassle huh~
Lisa: Eh, why are you making it sound like it's only my problem? I'm counting on you too, Moca~
Moca: Oh my~ Then it's time to show off Moca-chan's strongest tag team~
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Post Town]

Lisa: We made it~...!
Moca: Lisa-san, thank you for driving all the way here~. That was a long trip.
Lisa: No problem. Though I suppose taking care of the girls in the back might've been the hardest part…
CHU² (Chiyu): Soooo tired~... Just the drive alone has wiped me out…
Toko: CHU², are you already drained? Our New Year's trip is only just beginning!
CHU² (Chiyu): You…! And whose fault do you think it is that I'm so tired!
Toko: Er, who?
CHU² (Chiyu): Who else could it be but you!!
Rimi: Oh, they're starting again... Lisa-san~…!
Lisa: Ah, umm, both of you, just take a chill pill…
Lisa: (If simply saying that could settle things, this wouldn't be so hard…)
Moca: Okay okay, both of you, let's look at the scenery around us~
CHU² (Chiyu): What's there to see… It's just a typical tourist spot.
Moca: Non non, you shouldn't underestimate these established tourist spots from times of old~ Those mountains in the distance… the charming traditional Japanese architecture… And with it being New Year's, it's guaranteed to look picturesque, don't you think?
Toko: If you take a closer look, that's true, the retro vibe is amazing! Gotta post onto social media to commemorate our arrival!
CHU² (Chiyu): Seriously, what's up with her? I wonder how that Rui manages to stay quiet through all this…
Lisa: (The two of them have calmed down… Good job, Moca~!)
Moca: (Easy as cake~)
Rimi: …Oh? I smell something delicious…Somewhere nearby is steaming sweet buns?
Lisa: You're right. We still have plenty of time until our kimono rental reservation, so how about we take a stroll and grab some food until then?
Moca: There's still that luxurious lunch at the inn after the kimono rental, so gotta make sure not to eat too much~
Rimi: After that, we'll do our first shrine visit of the year before going home. I wonder what kind of stalls they'll have there?
Lisa: Rimi, you've just been talking about food since earlier huh.
Rimi: Oh...! My bad, I've been looking forward to them…!
Lisa: Fufu, it's fine! Let's make sure to enjoy lots of delicious food today before heading back!
Rimi: Sure!
Toko: Eating while walking is nice, but shouldn't we take a group photo first? After all, we're on a trip!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'll pass.
Toko: Come on, CHU²! Don't be a spoilsport.
Rimi: Arguing again...?
Lisa: Ah, come on, let's take the commemorative photo afterwards! It'll feel more like a New Year's trip after we've got our kimonos on!
Toko: Hmm maybe, but taking lots of photos is fun though… Oh look, there's a souvenir shop just over there! I'm gonna go take a look!
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh. It's so hectic with her always saying to do this or that… And we literally just got here, so why is she going to the souvenir shop already?
Rimi: But it seems like that shop also sells sweet buns. Don't you want to go try some?...
CHU² (Chiyu): Nope. Not at all.
Rimi: But the sweet buns~...!
Moca: CHU², you can rest at the bench in front of the shop~.  We'll just go inside and see what they have.
Lisa: Let's go get some sweet buns, Rimi!
Toko: Moca-san, look at this-!
Moca: Mmm~? What's it now?~
Toko: Here, look at this! Doesn't this kokeshi doll look just like Ran-san?
Moca: Oh, you're right. It does look like her~
Toko: Totally! Let's buy this as a souvenir. She's gonna be thrilled when we gift it to her!
Moca: Er…? Well....
Lisa: Toko, we should get the souvenirs on the way back so we don't have to carry them the whole way~  Let's just enjoy some sweet buns together first.
Toko: Absolutely. Rimi-san, I'll take one-!
Moca: Lisa-san…
Lisa: Let's go get some sweet buns, too, Moca. Maybe we could get some juice for CHU² while we're at it.
Moca: …Okay. Thank you~
