event245-06 Chapter 5: Let' Shake Sleeves Together

The noisy but enjoyable trip came to an end. The last suggestion Toko made was ......

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Shrine]

CHU² (Chiyu): I can't take another step…  I don’t care about the prayers anymore, I just want to go home…
Moca: Come on, we're almost at the end, so hang in there~
Lisa: Ahaha, but you know, that red bean paste dog earlier wasn't as sweet as I had thought it might be, so it went down quite easily.
Toko: I knowwww! It's gonna go viral next!
Rimi: Fufu, just now when I shared that story with Poppin'Party, Saya-chan was like, "isn't that just red bean sandwiched between a roll?"
Moca: See~ Even a big shot of the bread industry thinks the same as Moca-chan~
Toko: No way, it's totally different!
Lisa: Alright, let's leave it with the bread! It's our turn next!
(Black cut)
Lisa: (Umm, I always find things like this surprisingly hard~  May everyone be happy this year… Nah, I wrote this one on the ema already.)
Lisa: (What else… May Roselia do well… Maybe?)
Lisa: (But that isn't something I ask the gods for…Oh, college credits! … Nope, not quite right either.)
Moca: …
Lisa: (…May Moca's concerns be resolved, I guess.)
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Lisa: Is everyone here? I assume no one else is taking any more detours?
Moca: Everyone's gathered~
Lisa: Good! Then, it's about time to return the kimonos to the shop, shall we go?
Moca: Oh, it's already that time huh. Fun times always fly by, as they say~
Toko: Maybe we should stay somewhere overnight after all? Let's book somewhere right now!
CHU² (Chiyu): No, no more for me…
Toko: Don’t hold back, CHU²~!
CHU² (Chiyu): I'm not holding back!... Don't make me shout, I'm drained…
Rimi: Haha, but CHU²-chan, you seemed to finally have fun towards the end.
CHU² (Chiyu): …Rimi, you have become quite the talker, haven't you.
Rimi: So, sorry…
Toko: Ah, CHU², you shouldn't be so rude! Rimi-san is the senior here, so you have to respect her properly!
CHU² (Chiyu): So you do have some concept of hierachy after all…
Rimi: Fufufu.
Moca: Yes yes, now that everyone's getting along well, that puts Moca-chan at ease too~
Lisa: Hehe, indeed. I was worried about how things would end up during the drive here, but it looks like we managed to have a good time after all.
Moca: True. From the moment we arrived here, we bickered over the commemorative picture…
Toko: Oh! Yes! We need to take commemorative pictures before returning the kimonos to the shop!
Lisa: Uh~… Well most of us are fine with that but…
CHU² (Chiyu): …What.
Lisa: Well, since all five of us came together, I really do want to take a picture as a group~
Moca: Yes, yes, there's the Japanese saying, "On the road you need a companion, in life you need kindness~"
Toko: CHU² ~…!
Everyone: …
CHU² (Chiyu): Sigh…
CHU² (Chiyu): … Just one photo.
Toko: Seriously!? Yesss~~~!!!
Rimi: Fufu, that's great, Toko-chan.
Toko: I knew she would understand if we talked it out~
CHU² (Chiyu): If I turned it down, you'll just make a bigger fuss for no reason. That's even more troublesome.
Toko: You're not being honest with yourself again, saying that. Alright CHU², Rimi-san, get closer!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey! Why are you clinging to me like that?
Toko: Come on~! We're already best friends right!
CHU² (Chiyu): NO WAY!!
Rimi: S, stop pushing me, two of you…
Lisa: Ahaha, let's take a quick pic before CHU² blows her top!
Moca: Okaaaay. Girls, smile~
(White cut)
(Background change)
