event245-01 Opening: Try Your Luck

Moca and Lisa finished their end-of-year part-time job, and met Toko and Rimi by chance in a shopping street ......?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[On the way home]

Lisa: It’s freezing today~…! I should've bought a cup of hot coffee or something when we finished work~…
Moca: It's warm inside the convenience store, so it's even colder when you step out~
Lisa: Totally! Rather, it was so hot inside the store, I was almost breaking out in sweat.
Moca: The air conditioner remote was broken last week~ They said it will be fixed by the end of this week though.
Lisa: Seriously? I didn't hear about it!
Moca: Lisa-san, you didn't take any shifts lately. It's been a while Moca got to work with her strongest tag team and it was amazing~
Lisa: Ahaha, ditto! But Moca, weren't you zoning out quite a bit today?
Moca: Nah, you think so? Maybe since it's too hot inside?
Lisa: Hmm, not really. You seemed to be thinking about something… Ah, maybe it was about G.B.T.?
Moca: Ah-…
Lisa: It's the finals next, so I suppose you'd be really into it naturally? Like Ran usually seems cool, but once practice starts, wouldn't she seem pretty intense?
Moca: …Nah, same old, same old~
Lisa: Oh, is that so? Same old, same old, huh~…
Moca & Lisa: …
???: Whaaaat~!? A single one isn’t enough!?
???: Yeah, I think you need five raffle tickets for a single try…
Moca: That voice…
Lisa: Toko and Rimi…Right? What's going on over there?
(Black cut)
Rimi: I got a raffle ticket from Yamabuki Bakery the other day, Toko-chan, would you like this?
Toko: Wow, thank you! Alright, just three more to go!
Lisa: It's you after all, Toko. What's with all the excitement?
Toko: This! Do you all happen to have these tickets?
Rimi: Toko-chan wants to give the raffle a try.
Moca: Hmm~ Raffle tickets?
Toko: I need three more for the raffle…!
Lisa: Ah, hold on. Maybe I got one when I went shopping before my part-time job.
Lisa: …Wow, the first prize is amazing! It's a luxurious New Year's tour with a gourmet lunch, and even with kimono rental included!
Moca: The shopping street has really gone all out this year. Toko-chan, you're aiming for the first prize right~
Toko: Nah, I wouldn't mind what prizes I can get! I just want to give that raffle a spin!
Lisa: Ahaha, sounds like you alright.
Moca: … Ooh, found one in my purse~ Here you go, Toko-chan.
Lisa: In my purse, too! Just one, though. Here you are☆
Toko: Whaa~ Thanks a lot, I owe you guys one! Now I've got four tickets!
Toko: Now I just need to buy something somewhere, and get that last ticket!…
Toko: Oh! What perfect timing!
Lisa: Oh, where're you going, Toko… Wait, CHU²!?
Toko: Hey, you just stepped out from the convenience store, that means you got a raffle ticket when you made a purchase right!? The one for the raffle!
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh!? What are you on about!?
CHU² (Chiyu): …Wait, aren't you Morfonica's...
Toko: Morfonica's genius guitarist, Toko Kirigaya! So, you got a raffle ticket!?
CHU² (Chiyu): I have no idea what you're going on about out of nowhere! Bye!
Lisa: Aww~~~, sorry CHU²! I'll explain it to you, so just hold up!
(Black cut)
CHU² (Chiyu): I still don't know what's going on here, but you need this ticket, right? You should've just told me that sooner.
Moca: She did say so from the beginning~
Rimi: Ahaha… Toko-chan, now you've got five tickets?
Toko: Yes, perfect! Excuse me, I'll like to give the raffle a try!
Moca: Good luck~
Lisa: Get that top prize, Toko~!
Toko: Leave it to me! Alright, let's go...!
Toko: Wow, it's spinning~! And a ball is really dropping out~!
Lisa: …Er…? Wow! The color of the ball is…!
Rimi: Oh my gosh! The first prize! You did it, Toko-chan!
Moca: Ooh, congrats~
Toko: Is that right!? Lucky me!
Lisa: Maybe it's a good thing you weren't interested in the prize. Sometimes when you really want something, it always fails to appear.
CHU² (Chiyu): Good for you. Whatever travel prize it was, have fun! Bye!
Toko: Hold up, CHU², why are you leaving?
CHU² (Chiyu): Huh? You've spun the raffle so we're done here right?
Toko: No, we're not! We need to make a group chat!
Lisa: A group chat…?
Toko: All five of us here are going on the New Year's trip, right! What time shall we meet up? It's a rare chance, so we should meet up earlier to have tons of fun!
Everyone: …..Huh?
