event245-03 Chapter 2: Dressed in Gorgeous Costumes

They were dressed in furisode.  But, Toko noticed something strange about CHU²'s behavior and ......?

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Kimono shop]

Toko: Excuse me~! This is Kirigaya, I have an appointment for rental!
Staff: We've been expecting you all. Please choose your favorite pattern from here.
Lisa: Wow~, I get to pick my favorite from any of these!?
Moca: There's so many choices~ It's hard to decide which to pick~
Toko: If that's the case then leave it to me! I'll pick the ones that suit you two the best!
Rimi: Really? I'd be happy if you could do that for me too, Toko-chan!
Toko: You can absolutely leave it in my hands! Ah, I'll pick one out for CHU² too!
CHU² (Chiyu): I don't care, I have no specific preferences when it comes to kimono.
Toko: Alright! Then let's start with… Lisa-san!
(Black cut)
Toko: Behold, Toko-san's amazing selection! Isn't it perfect?
Lisa: Woa-! Everyone's so cute!
Moca: This really brings out Moca-chan's natural beauty~
Rimi: Is it because of how well the colors and patterns were chosen? The cohesiveness is on another level.
Lisa: I like the pattern of yours, CHU², it suits you very well♪
CHU² (Chiyu): …
Rimi: What's the matter, CHU²?
CHU² (Chiyu): N, nothing!
Rimi: Is that so?.. S- Sorry.
CHU² (Chiyu): (I, I can't breathe... Everyone else seems to be just fine. Is this normal for kimonos?)
CHU² (Chiyu): (If I try to adjust it without knowing anything, the sash might come loose… Ugh, PAREO~…!)
Toko: Ummm-…Mmm~…?
CHU² (Chiyu): Wh, what are you staring at? I said it's nothing!
Toko: Ah, I got it, I got it! So that's it. CHU², turn around for me.
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, don’t touch me! The sash will come loose!... Oh? I can breathe freely now…
Toko: It was hard to breathe, wasn't it? The sash was positioned a bit higher than normal, and I thought it must've been that!
Toko: If the sash is around your solar plexus, it can be quite uncomfortable~ If you start feeling uncomfortable again later on, try adjusting it and taking deep breaths!
CHU² (Chiyu): You know a lot about this…
Toko: My grandmother has taught me a lot!
Rimi: You see, Toko's family has been running a kimono shop for generations now.
CHU² (Chiyu): Oh, is that so? I didn't know that.
Lisa & Moca: …!
Lisa: Toko is actually really meticulous about etiquette and things like that. She can even put on a kimono and fix her hair all by herself!
Moca: And, she launched and runs her own fashion brand, what a super high school girl~ As expected of our amazing Toko-chan~
Toko: Oh, I'm getting so many compliments! Hehehe~♪  Keep it coming!
Rimi: You've done kimono and flower arrangement exhibitions too right? Those were so wonderful~
CHU² (Chiyu): Wow…
Toko: Oh? CHU², perhaps you've come to see this Toko-san in a new light?
CHU² (Chiyu): Nah, no way… But, um…
CHU² (Chiyu): You saved me, so thank you…
Toko: CHU²…
Lisa: (Oh~, that CHU² is expressing her thanks…!)
Moca: (Is this the two of them getting closer~...?)
Toko: Woah, CHU² can actually show gratitude! That's unexpected!
CHU² (Chiyu): WHAT!?
Lisa: H- Huh? Toko~…?
Toko: You're so bossy usually, but you've got some surprisingly cute sides! Forget about thanking me, we're friends, right?
CHU² (Chiyu): ~~~~Ugh!  Forget it! I'm never thanking you, ever!
Toko: Don't be shy~!
Rimi: Hey, you two, we're making trouble for the shop…!
Lisa: Sigh, I thought it was going well~…
Moca: Oh well, let's have a change of pace and go for that luxurious lunch~
Lisa: Ahaha, sure-
CHU² (Chiyu): Hmph!
(White cut)
(Background change)
