event245-04 Chapter 3: New Year's Resolutions are …...

They arrived at the shrine, and at first, each of them decided to write their New Year's resolution on an ema.

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Moca Aoba, Lisa Imai, Toko Kirigaya, Chiyu Tamade)

[Post Town]

Moca: Hoo, that was too much~ Moca-chan's stomach is all full~.
Rimi: That little tip Toko-chan taught us back there, I've already got to put it to use.
Toko: Nice, good to hear the tip was useful!
Lisa: By the way, those were some luxurious New Year's dishes, 'Osechi'~. The black beans even had gold leaf on them.
Toko: It was truly extravagant! At home my grandmother usually prepares those dishes, so it's really refreshing experiencing them like this.
Moca: How about you, CHU²~? Isn't osechi rare since you only get to eat it once a year?
CHU² (Chiyu): Nothing in particular, it was normal.
Lisa: I guess you liked the mashed sweet potatoes with sweetened chestnuts? You ate a lot of them.
Rimi: But she barely touched the dry-roasted small sardines with sugar and soy sauce dish though…
Toko: CHU², being picky with your food will stunt your growth~
CHU² (Chiyu): Bite me! You were the same, all you kept eating was just the sweet rolled omelet!
Toko: Oh, did I?
Lisa: Alright alright. Stop there, both of you.
Moca: Now that our stomachs are settling down, let's go visit the shrine~
Lisa: Okay, let's go, shall we?
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shrine]

Moca: Oh~, what a crowd!
Lisa: A god of the performing arts is enshrined here! It's a perfect match for us, is it?
Toko: Nice, it'll bring us some real blessings! Plus that torii gate was huge after all!
CHU² (Chiyu): The size of the torii gate has nothing to do with the blessings.
Rimi: Umm, looks like quite a long line for prayers.
Lisa: Yeah... Oh, it looks like the ema plaques area is relatively empty!  Even though it's before praying, should we go ahead and write our wishes on them first?
Moca: Sure~. Oh my, you can choose the design of the ema plaques.  The zodiac sign of this year... A Bamboo branch arrangement one… and more.
Toko: I like the one of this year's zodiac sign!
Rimi: Should I pick the same as well…?
Moca: Alright alright, CHU² is going to say 'I don't care', so Moca-chan will pick one for her~
CHU² (Chiyu): There's nothing I want to wish for, so do as you please.
Rimi: It seems like you don't have to write a wish, but could also write goals or aspirations, like something you want to achieve or become.
CHU² (Chiyu): Is that so...? Then, I have something in mind.
CHU² (Chiyu): …Done!
Toko: "Change the World"… Cool!
CHU² (Chiyu): Hey, don't look at it!
Toko: That was nice, though! I want to write a similar one, like, "SUPER TOKO WORLD"! How about that?
CHU² (Chiyu): It doesn't make sense at all….
Lisa: Mine is... "May everyone have a blissful year ahead". A bit cliché, but oh well!
Lisa: How about you, Rimi? What's your wish?
Rimi: Um, mine is… this one…
Lisa: "To go beyond my limits"…?
Rimi: Hehehe... Um, it's more like my personal goal…
Lisa: I see I see. It sounds like a nice motivation. How about you, Moca... Huh, where did she go?
Moca: …
Moca: Afterglow….
Moca: … Nah, Moca-chan should leave it…
Lisa: …Moca?
Moca: Ah, Lisa-san…
Lisa: What's up, why did you come all the way here? Did you write your wish?
Moca: Um, yes, it's done…
Lisa: …Moca, you know--
Rimi: whaaaaaat~~~~~~~~~!!?
Lisa: !? Did you hear that? That was Rimi, right?
Moca: Maybe something happened again with Toko-chan and CHU²~ Let's hurry over and help them~
(Black cut)
(Background change)
