902_Mashiro Kurata_R1 Pessimistic Girl

<Self-Introduction>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Mashiro: H-hello, my name is Mashiro Kurata.
Mashiro: I'm Morfonica's singer and, uhm, I also write our songs...
Mashiro: Uhh, I'm a first-year at Tsukinomori. Oh, I go there, but I'm not super rich, or super talented, or anything like that...
Mashiro: I came from a regular middle school, so compared to everyone else, I'm just a really ordinary girl...
Mashiro: It's been really challenging since I started school here, but I'm having a lot of fun now.
Mashiro: I discovered bands, and everyone in Morfonica's really nice...
Mashiro: I know there's a lot that I need to work on...
Mashiro: But I still hope I can find something that'll make an ordinary person like me special... And I hope this band becomes special, too. That would make me so happy.
Mashiro: I'll do my best, so I look forward to your support...!


<Fantasy World>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Park]

Mashiro: ...
Mashiro: ... Ah!
Mashiro: H-hello, {{userName}}-san. I'm sorry, I didn't realize you were there...
Mashiro: Uhm, I was just spacing out...
Mashiro: Hm? Is something on my mind?
Mashiro: I-it's nothing like that. That's not why I was spacing out...
Mashiro: It's just that today's sunset is very pretty...
Mashiro: Evenings are special, don't you think?
Mashiro: The way they dye the whole world red makes even familiar places feel like they're from somewhere else entirely...
Mashiro: Just think, once you go around that corner over there, a whole new world could open up before your eyes...
Mashiro: ... I-I'm sorry. I'm not making any sense, am I?
Mashiro: I've always been a daydreamer. It happens a lot, especially when I'm alone...
Mashiro: Y-you think I have a very wonderful way of seeing the world?
Mashiro: Uhm, th-thank you for saying that...
Mashiro: I don't know if it's wonderful, but at least now there are times when my daydreaming is useful.
Mashiro: When I'm writing songs, I sometimes get ideas from the images that I've seen while daydreaming...
Mashiro: It feels so strange. These images used to be just mine....
Mashiro: But now they've turn into songs and reach other people... There are even people who say they like them...
Mashiro: It's a little embarrassing, but I'm glad.
Mashiro: I used to think that I wasn't good at anything, but I'm starting to gain a little bit of confidence.
Mashiro: Anyway, I'll be doing my best as a member of Morfonica, so, uhm, see you around...!
