929_Mashiro Kurata_R4 Welcome to the Party!

Gacha phrase: Please take good care of us.

<Michelle's Biggest Fan>

(Character: Arisa Ichigaya, Misaki Okusawa, Mashiro Kurata)

[Park]

Mashiro: (Sigh, Michelle-san was so cute...)
Mashiro: (She's so fluffy and kind, and she smelled good...)
Arisa: ... Ahem.
Mashiro: ...?
Arisa: Ahh, so, do you like fluffy mascots, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Huh?
Arisa: You just looked really happy when Michelle came, so I thought you might...
Mashiro: Y-yes. There are so many cute characters out there, so I always check out the latest fluffy mascots.
Arisa: O-oh, I see. Uhm, it's a good thing you met Michelle then.
Mashiro: Yes. I never thought I would be able to meet her. She even shook my hand...
Mashiro: Ahh!
Arisa: Wh-what's wrong?
Mashiro: I forgot to take a photo with her...! That was the perfect chance...
Arisa: O-oh, you wanted a photo...
Arisa: I'm sure you'll meet Michelle again anyway. You might do a concert with her or something.
Arisa: Ahh, a-and when that happens, I'll ask with you.
Mashiro: Arisa-san... Thank you...
Misaki: ...
Arisa: Ah! O-Okusawa-san?!
Misaki: Hello there. I just got back from changing.
Arisa: Wh-what the heck? Why didn't you say something? You really scared me...
Misaki: Well, I saw that you were trying to get to know someone new, so I didn't want to interrupt.
Misaki: You two kind of looked like an awkward father and child.
Arisa: Ngh, well, what am I supposed to do? I'm not used to this kind of stuff...
Arisa: Anyway, Mashiro-chan was just saying how happy she was to meet Michelle.
Misaki: Ahh, then I guess it was worth doing.
Misaki: But why do you like Michelle so much?
Mashiro: Well, erm, she's cute, and... it's amazing how she can do so many different things.
Mashiro: She can run and dance, so I can see how she won the Fluffy Mascot Competition.
Misaki: Huh? The Fluffy Mascot Competition...?
Mashiro: Ah, it's a competition to find the best fluffy mascot...
Arisa: Ahh, yeah, we know about that. We were there.
Mashiro: Did you two go to see it too?
Arisa: I wouldn't say that. It was more like we were in it...
Mashiro: You were in the competition...?
Arisa: N-no, never mind.
Mashiro: That competition was so much fun. I took a lot of pictures.
Mashiro: I particularly like this one photo... Erm, ah, here it is. This one.
Misaki: Is that... Michelle and Marie?
Arisa: Ahh, that's from the marathon. I forgot about that.
Mashiro: Michelle-san and Marie were rivals, but they still held hands...
Mashiro: They seemed like good friends. It was very touching.
Misaki: I-I see...
Arisa: I never would've guessed that you were there, Mashiro-chan. What a small world...
Mashiro: I was so surprised when Michelle-san started performing. I didn't know she was in a band.
Arisa: No one expects mascots to be in bands, do they? I was surprised the first time I saw her too.
Misaki: Ahaha...I know what you mean...
Mashiro: Michelle-san is a cute DJ too. She's good at getting the crowd going.
Mashiro: Michelle-san shines at everything she does. She's amazing...
Misaki & Arisa: ...
Mashiro: Ah, s-sorry. I'm talking too much...
Arisa: No, it's fine. Now I know how much you love fluffy mascots.
Arisa: And I bet you didn't mind hearing all that either, right, Okusawa-san?
Misaki: Y-yeah, that's right. Uh, thanks, Kurata-san.
Mashiro: Erm...
Misaki: Hm?
Mashiro: Uhm, I forgot to ask, so now it's a little awkward, but...
Mashiro: Who are you? Have we met before?
Misaki & Arisa: Huh...?
Mashiro: Ah, I'm sorry, I should have introduced myself. I'm Mashiro Kurata.
Mashiro: I'm a member of Morfonica... Ah, that is, I'm the vocalist... Erm, it's nice to meet you.
Arisa: Ahh... We didn't tell the Morfonica girls, did we?
Misaki: Uhm... Actually, Kurata-san. It's about Michelle...
Arisa: Poor Okusawa-san...


<Desire to Grow Closer>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Riverside]

Mashiro: The sakura blossoms... are so beautiful...
Mashiro: ...
Marina: Oh? Is that...? Hey~, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Huh? Ah, Marina-san... and {{userName}}-san...
Marina: You looked like you were zoning out just now. Is everything okay?
Mashiro: Well, the sakura blossoms are very beautiful, so... I just ended up staring at them.
Marina: Ahaha, I get what you mean. Sakura blossoms are so pretty. You can't help but admire them.
Marina: Speaking of sakura... you went flower-viewing with Kasumi-chan and the others not too long ago, right?
Mashiro: Yes. All of Morfonica went. I was so nervous though...
Marina: Was it that bad?
Mashiro: Well, I thought that we were the only ones invited.
Mashiro: But once we arrived, the members of Roselia, Afterglow, Pastel＊Palettes, and Hello, Happy World! were all there too...
Marina: Ahh, those bands have been around a lot longer than you guys, haven't they? I suppose it would've been quite nerve-racking to meet all those veterans at the same time.
Mashiro: I wasn't sure what to do, so I ended up hiding away in a corner...
Mashiro: On the other hand, Toko-chan fit in straight away. Before I even knew it, she was talking happily with everyone...
Mashiro: That made the rest of us feel like we had to follow her example, but...
Marina: Uh-oh... Did it not go well?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan and Nanami-chan were fine. It was me who had the problem...
Mashiro: I got so nervous when all the vocalists were right in front of me.
Mashiro: Yukina-san is so intense, so I though she'd be difficult to get along with. Ran-san looked kind of scary with that red streak in her hair...
Mashiro: And Aya-san is an idol, so I wasn't sure if it would be rude of me to just go up and talk to her.
Marina: Ahh... I see. What about Kokoro-chan? I think she's the bubbly and talkative type.
Mashiro: Kokoro-san just kept talking and talking, which was scary in a different way from Yukina-san and Ran-san...
Marina: W-well, I guess she can be a bit too perky at times. They're all really great girls, though, so you shouldn't be so scared of them.
Mashiro: Ah, I'm alright now... The more I talked to everyone, the better I got to know them.
Mashiro: Everyone was different from how I initially thought. They're all so kind and wonderful.
Mashiro: I guess you can't judge a book by its cover...
Mashiro: I learned that there are many things about a person that you can't understand just from their appearance.
Mashiro: I'm going to keep working hard to become closer to the other bands...!
Marina: Fufu, good luck!
