1150_Mashiro Kurata_R4 The Place I Dreamt Of

Gacha phrase: R-really...? ... Th-thanks...

<Shared Happiness>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Courtyard]

Toko: Oh, she's here! Shiro~, over here~!
Mashiro: S-sorry for being late, everyone...
Nanami: Don't worry about it. We heard from Tsu-chan already~. You were on classroom cleaning duty today, right?
Tsukushi: Good work, Mashiro-chan! Here, sit down!
Rui: There is space open here.
Tsukushi: Alright, now that everyone's here... Okay, let's put our hands together!
Tsukushi, Toko, Nanami & Mashiro: Time to eat! L-let's eat...
Toko: Man~, I was so hungry today~. I've seriously been waiting for this moment all day~.
Nanami: So that's why you were fidgeting around in class~.
Rui: Futaba-san, you called us here for another band meeting, I assume?
Tsukushi: Right! I want to talk about our last concert.
Rui: I see. I was concerned considering you did not mention it today. Thank goodness.
Toko: C'mon, even if she doesn't say it, we already know we need to talk. You really need to lighten up, Rui~.
Mashiro: U-um...
Nanami: What's up, Shiro-chan~?
Mashiro: I actually brought these today...
Toko: ... ! They're octopus-shaped sausages!
Nanami: Wow, your lunch box is full of them~.
Mashiro: The last time I brought these, everyone really liked them, right?
Mashiro: So I thought we could celebrate another show finished with these, so I made them together with my mom.
Toko: Ah~, I'm so happy right now...!
Tsukushi: Thanks, Mashiro-chan! I've been wanting to eat these for so long!
Tsukushi: I mean, my mom made me some when I asked her, but they weren't the same as the ones you gave us...
Nanami: Right~. They've gotta be nice and red like these~.
Toko: I'm gonna dig in, Shiro-chan! ... Mmm~, that's it! This is what octopus sausages are supposed to taste like!
Tsukushi: It almost tastes nostalgic... even though I haven't eaten them that many times before.
Nanami: You used little sesame seeds as eyes, huh~? They're so cute~.
Mashiro: Yeah. Mom taught that me doing so makes them look more like octopuses.
Mashiro: Sigh... Thank goodness, everyone likes them... Rui-san, you can have some too, if you want...
Rui: Thank you. It would be my pleasure.
Rui: By the way, I hope that our focus on food will not cause us to forget that we are here to critically review our recent performance.
Tsukushi: ... ! O-of course not! I was just about to get to that...!
Toko: Review, huh~...? It's still kinda boring to just talk about our feelings though~...
Rui: Reviewing has nothing to do with being boring or not.
Toko: Oh, I just got a great idea!
Nanami: What is it~? What're you thinking of, Toko-chan?
Toko: Fufufu, hold on to your seats, everyone~... How about we split up the octopus sausages based on how good everyone did at our concert?!
Toko: Everybody wants to eat them, after all. Don't you think that'd be a good incentive to get us all to start talking?
Toko: It'd spice up this session, and it'd make lunch way more fun! Two birds with one stone, right? Sigh, just another genius idea from me.
Rui: Do you really think so? I do not think that would convince people to take more initiative.
Mashiro: Y-yeah... I don't think I was cool or anything like that at all.
Nanami: Based on how good we all did, huh~? If that's the case, then Rui-rui'd end up getting to eat the most, right~?
Toko: What? Why?
Tsukushi: What do you mean, why...? Rui-san's violin-playing is amazing.
Nanami: She had the crowd stunned with her solo, too~.
Toko: Whoa, whoa, if that's how we're judging things, then I did way better! Any time I was on stage, I always brought the house down!
Nanami: True, when Toko-chan started jumping around, the crowd started up jumping up and down with her~.
Toko: Right~? That's because I'm a genius~!
Tsukushi: I-if that's the case, then I think my drumming was the best it's ever been.
Tsukushi: I got the chorus down perfectly, and the crowd clapped for me a lot!
Nanami: That reminds me~... I heard some of the crowd call me cool too~.
Mashiro: You're all incredible... I can't think of anything I did that was really good.
Toko: You said that before, but I'm pretty sure you're wrong, Shiro. You looked like you were having buckets of fun up there!
Nanami: Yeah! How do I put it? It's like you were in your own little world singing. You looked so confident~.
Tsukushi: You need to learn to be more confident in yourself, Mashiro-chan! You've grown a lot compared to when we first started!
Mashiro: R-really...? ... Th-thanks...
Rui: Then from what I gather, does that mean we all performed up to expectations?
Nanami: Sounds like it~. How are we supposed to split up the sausages now?
Mashiro: Um... Can we not just share them equally?
Tsukushi: I think that's a great idea!
Toko: Then I'm takin' another one! Mmm~! They're so good~!
Nanami: Hey! That's not fair, Toko-chan~.
Tsukushi: We're all supposed to share, aren't we? Don't hog them all for yourself!
Rui: Kurata-san. I will help myself, if you do not mind.
Mashiro: Yeah! Fufu...
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A Shining Shift>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE Café]

Mashiro: ... Poppin'Party's show was amazing...
Marina: Mashiro-chan! Hi there! Looks like you had a great time at the show, huh?
Mashiro: Oh, Marina-san and {{userName}}-san. Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
Mashiro: Whenever I watch Poppin'Party play, it feels like they give me... courage. Just like always, their music today felt so bright and sparkling. It was incredible...!
Mashiro: It'd be nice if Morfonica could someday play like that...
Marina: I know you guys can do it! How has Morfonica been lately?
Mashiro: We had a concert the other day. I think the crowd liked us.
Mashiro: Oh, that reminds me... Fufu.
Marina: Hm? What's up?
Mashiro: Um... The day after our concert, during recess, we had a meeting to review how we did.
Mashiro: And so to celebrate, I brought some octopus sausages, and everyone was really happy.
Mashiro: So they ended up competing to see who could get them first. I was just remembering how everyone was acting.
Marina: Fufu, it sounds like you're all getting along well. Are those review meetings of yours always like that?
Mashiro: Yeah. We get sidetracked a lot... Ah.
Mashiro: ...
Marina: Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Thinking about it... I don't think we've ever actually had a proper meeting.
Mashiro: Whenever we start reflecting on how we did, we always end up getting offtrack...
Mashiro: That's not good. There's no way we could ever play like Poppin'Party at this rate...
Marina: Really? Sure, it's important to take things seriously at times, but having fun together during recess sounds like an important band activity to me.
Marina: I mean, Kasumi-chan looks like she's having the time of her life every day, right? The reason she is the way she is on stage is probably because she's always like that.
Mashiro: That makes sense... Whenever I watch a Poppin'Party concert, I start smiling without even thinking about it.
Marina: Right? That's probably because Poppin'Party is always having fun, too.
Marina: Any time spent together is precious, no matter what you're doing. There's no such thing as wasted time with friends.
Mashiro: There's no such thing as wasted time with friends... Huh.
Mashiro: I guess even the time we spend not doing anything can eventually become a moment that twinkles and shines someday.
Marina: Yeah, that's the spirit! So make sure everyone in Morfonica enjoys those meetings of yours.
Mashiro: Okay!
Marina: Oh, look at the time. We've got to head back to the studio.
Mashiro: Ah, um... Would it be okay to come here to hang out again?
Marina: Of course! We'll be waiting for you.
Mashiro: Thank you very much. Good luck with your work.
