1228_Mashiro Kurata_R3 What Stirs My Heart

Gacha phrase: It's such a mystical and beautiful painting.

<A Secret for Someone Precious>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Saya Yamabuki, Mashiro Kurata)

[Station Entrance]

Mashiro: Let's see... I need to buy the latest volume of "Fairy Legends." ... Go downtown to see Michelle-san...
???: Mashiro-chan~! Heya~!
Mashiro: Ah, this voice... Kasumi-san!
Kasumi: I didn't expect to run into you here. What are you up to?
Mashiro: I-I'm just doing a bit of shopping...
Saya: So are we. Where are you headed?
Mashiro: I plan on going to the shopping mall...
Kasumi: We are too~! Hey, hey, why don't we go together?
Mashiro: W-with both of you...?!
Kasumi: Yeah, I bet it'll be even more fun to shop together!
Saya: Jeez~, Kasumi. Mashiro might have other plans, you know?
Saya: Sorry, you don't have to come if you can't.
Mashiro: O-oh, it won't be a problem at all! I'd actually love to shop with both of you...
Kasumi: Yay~! Let's go then~!
Mashiro: O-okay.
Mashiro: (I can't believe I get to go shopping with Kasumi-san and Saya-san... I'm so happy right now.)
Kasumi: By the way, I saw the post Toko-chan made on her social media! The t-shirt looks really awesome.
Kasumi: I especially love the picture on the back! It just sucked me in, and I couldn't take my eyes off of it!
Mashiro: I really like it too. The same thing also happened to me when I first saw it...
Saya: Even the people at our school are talking about the t-shirt. A lot of them really want it.
Kasumi: I wish I could get one too~. I'd wear it every day~.
Saya: Fufu, don't you think every day would be a bit much?
Saya: But you know, Toko-chan sure is resourceful. She managed to find such a great painting.
Kasumi: Yeah! I wonder where she found it...? Do you know, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Huh?!
Mashiro: (O-oh no... I'm not supposed to tell anyone it's by Nanami-chan...)
Mashiro: (B-but if I say I don't know, it would mean lying to Kasumi-san and Saya-san...)
Kasumi: Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: ... I-I'm sorry.
Kasumi: Hm? What are you apologizing for?
Mashiro: Um, I actually know who drew it... but I can't tell you who it is.
Mashiro: Th-they don't want people to know, so... And I promised I wouldn't tell...
Kasumi: Oh...
Mashiro: (... I-I can't look them in the eye anymore...)
Kasumi: Okay! Thanks, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Y-you're not mad...?
Kasumi: Of course not. That promise means a lot to you, doesn't it?
Kasumi: It was really obvious when you were explaining!
Saya: Yeah! You must really care for that person.
Mashiro: Kasumi-san... Saya-san...
Mashiro: Yes, they're a very precious friend.
Kasumi: And you're my precious friend, Saya~!
Saya: Fufu, thanks.
Saya: Okay, let's go to the shopping mall then! By the way, what were you planning on getting, Mashiro?
Mashiro: A fantasy novel.
Saya: Alright, we should hit the bookstore first, then.
Kasumi: Oh, hey~! I wanna go to a music store after we do~!
Saya: Sure~. Is that okay with you, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Yes.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Someone to Lean On>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Downtown]

Mashiro: ...
Marina: Hi, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Hm...? Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: What's the matter? Something on your mind?
Mashiro: Oh... I was just reading a novel at that café over there...
Marina: And you were thinking about it?
Mashiro: Yes, the story this time really resonated with me...
Marina: Interesting. What's it about?
Mashiro: The protagonist's partner has this secret they've been keeping, and they finally reveal it to the whole party.
Mashiro: They've worried this whole time that everyone would leave them if they found out...
Mashiro: But instead, the protagonist and everyone else blames themselves for not noticing something was troubling them...
Marina: That's a pretty heavy story... I can see why it got you thinking.
Mashiro: ...
Marina: Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Um... Can I talk to you about something...?
Marina: Of course. What is it?
Mashiro: Something similar to the story actually happened recently...
Mashiro: A friend at school has been troubled by this secret they haven't been able to share with anyone... But I never realized even though I've been with them this whole time...
Marina: I see. I can see why it would be so hard for you then.
Marina: Hm~, I honestly don't know what I would do in your situation...
Marina: But I think what really matters is that you wish you had realized sooner that something was bothering them.
Mashiro: I'm sorry?
Marina: What I mean is, if I were that friend, just knowing that you cared would mean a lot to me.
Mashiro: Marina-san...
Mashiro: ... If the same thing were to happen again to my friend, I don't think I would be able to help solve anything.
Mashiro: But I might be able to support them at least... As their friend, I want to do everything I can to help.
Mashiro: ... Even though I know I won't be able to do much.
Marina: I'm sure you'll be a big help.
Mashiro: Th-thank you very much...
Marina: Fufu, let me know if you ever need someone to talk to. Anyway, we'll be heading back to CiRCLE.
Mashiro: Okay, thank you. Goodbye.
