1235_Mashiro Kurata_R4 Fireflies' Light

Gacha phrase: Wow... Fireflies...!

<As the Summer Breeze Blows Pt. 1>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro: The Girls Summer Festival?
Toko: Yeah! It's this outdoor rock festival that the girl bands of the moment gather and play at!
Toko: They've got great places to take photos to post online, and there'll be food trucks from famous restaurants! No way we're missing this one, right?
Nanami: A summer trip with friends...! I like the sound of that~! Let's go, Tsu-chan, Shiro-chan, Rui-rui!
Tsukushi: Okay. We've been cooped up in the atelier lately practicing, so getting some inspiration from the outside world should do us some good!
Mashiro: I can't take much heat... but I would like to see the shows.
Rui: You can go without me.
Toko: Seriously~? Why do you have to be that way when we're all getting so hyped, Rui~?!
Rui: Based on your description, I do not see the necessity of going.
Toko: Huh~? When you're at my level, the info I gave should be enough to make your fun-o-meter go wild, you know~?
Mashiro: Um, I have this image of music festivals being scary... Do you know what they're like, Tsukushi-chan?
Tsukushi: Me?! O-of course, I know! There'll be lots of bands doing shows... and.. food trucks, there'll be food trucks!
Nanami: Hmm~, that sounds just like what Toko-chan said earlier~.
Tsukushi: Well, um...
Nanami: But if we get to see a lot of bands in one day, I'm guessing we'll also be able to learn a lot~.
Toko: Nice one, Nanami! See Rui, sounds pretty necessary, right?
Rui: ... True. There may be some merit if we are able to improve the level of our performance by learning from various bands.
Mashiro: It looks like all five of us will be going to the festival then!
Toko: Now we're talking! Also, I just found a map of the festival and some pics of the merch~.
Toko: I posted them in the group chat.
Tsukushi: Wow, it's a pretty big festival! We'll have to try not to get lost...
Nanami: There are three stages too, and a lot of the bands are going to be performing at the same time, so it's going to be difficult deciding which ones to check.
Mashiro: There's also a lot of merchandise. T-shirts, towels, wristbands... Ah, they even have pouches! I don't know what I should get.
Toko: It's so gonna be a tough decision~! Well, why don't we just choose when we get there?
Tsukushi: There's no telling what'll happen because it's going to be our first time. We should prepare as much as possible.
Mashiro: Fufu... An outdoor music festival... I can't wait...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Girls Summer Festival - Venue]

Toko: We're here~! The Girls Summer Festival!
Nanami: It looks like the sun is just as fired up as you are, Toko-chan~.
Rui: ... Given the intensity of these rays, I am uncertain how effective my sunscreen will be.
Mashiro: Ah, I just remembered I haven't applied any...!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I thought that might happen... So, here! Use this!
Tsukushi: I've even got raincoats, spare outfits, salt candy, and energy bars. We're ready for heat stroke, sudden showers, and getting lost in the wilderness too!
Nanami: Oh~, sounds like you prepared for anything and everything~!
Mashiro: I don't think we'd get lost in the wilds, though...
Tsukushi: Since there are a lot of concerts and places to go to, we should start by deciding where to go and in what order!
Toko: It's obvious we need to check out the photo spots first! We totally need to celebrate our first time at a summer music festival!
Mashiro: I kind of want to check out the merchandise. I have my eye on a festival-exclusive towel.
Nanami: There's supposed to be a food truck by a place that's famous for their spicy food, so it's the food area for me~.
Rui: Sigh... Our objective today is to study as many bands as possible and learn from them, is it not?
Toko: C'mon, Yashio-sensei, we'll get to that! We're just trying to get ourselves psyched before all that stuff~!
Rui: I fail to see how our emotional state will be of any relevance to watching concerts.
Toko: That's what you'd think, but you'd be surprised. You'll know once you've given it a shot.
Mashiro: Something that would get Rui-san excited... Ah, I think I saw something on the map about a place that sells cold zenzai.
Tsukushi: Let's go there together later then! What do you think, Rui-san?
Rui: ... I suppose that would be acceptable. Replenishing nutrients is important in the summer, after all.
Nanami: Looks like there are temptations that even you can't resist, Rui-rui~.
Tsukushi: Alright, so which area are we going to first? The merchandise or the food?
Toko: Hey, you left out the photo spots.
Tsukushi: Ah, oops. Hmm~, I wonder how we should choose...
Rui: We should start moving. If we remain here, we will get a tan.
Toko: Whoa, we actually agree for once. Let's go, Shiro!
Mashiro: What? W-wait, don't pull~.
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: Toko-chan~! Why did you have to keep dragging us around to all those places? We're going to be late for the first performance because of you!
Toko: My bad! But we got our merch and some nice photos, so it's all good, right?
Mashiro: Huff... huff... W-wait...! I can't run anymore...!
Nanami: Shiro-chan, you can do it~! We're almost at the main stage~.
Mashiro: Hm? It's already started...?!
Nanami: Look, Shiro-chan! You're not going to believe this~!
Mashiro: ...!
(White cut)
(Background change)


<As the Summer Breeze Blows Pt. 2>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

(White cut)
(Background change)

[Girls Summer Festival - Venue]

Mashiro: Wow... Wow!
Toko: Whoa! Looks like the party's already in full swing!
Tsukushi: This is so amazing! Everything from the music to the atmosphere is nothing like at a live house!
Rui: ...
Nanami: Even the people in the audience are singing along! I bet it must feel great to sing outside~!
Mashiro: Ah...!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: The wind...
Mashiro: (It's just the sun, the music, and me...)
Mashiro: (Droplets of sound are floating, dancing, and bursting everywhere...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ... Isn't this incredible, everyone? I had no idea band concerts could be like this...!
Toko: Ahaha, what are you going on about, Shiro? Come on, let's go to the front and watch!
Nanami: Oh, I think we'll get a good view from around there~. Let's go~.
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: You're not going, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Mm-hmm... I want to watch from here!
Nanami, Toko & Tsukushi: ...
Toko: Then let's all stay here and watch!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: (The droplets of sound are being carried by the wind...!)
Mashiro: (This music... This sunlight... I want to take it all in...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

Tsukushi & Toko: That was so much fun~!
Nanami: Ahaha, it looks like both of you still have plenty of energy left~. What did you think, Rui-rui?
Rui: The lack of echoing due to being outside resulted in quite a different auditory experience.
Toko: ... Huh? Don't you have anything better to say? We were, like, just at a summer music festival, you know?
Rui: ...? That is precisely why I shared my thoughts regarding it.
Toko: Sigh~... What about you, Shiro?!
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Ah, s-sorry...! What was that again?
Toko: Today's festival! You had fun, right?
Mashiro: Mm-hmm...! I really did!
Mashiro: The sound and the light just melted into the wind... I felt like I got to touch music.
Tsukushi: Touch... music...?
Mashiro: Ah, I know that sounded pretty weird... Um... Let me try to explain...
Mashiro: There was so much emotion in the music coming from the stage, and it was a really pleasing sensation...
Nanami: Shiro-chan...
Mashiro: Ugh... I'm sorry, I don't know a good way to describe it... But I really did enjoy the festival...!
Toko: I knew you would~. I'm a total genius for bringing you guys all that info on the festival!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan... There you go again getting so full of yourself.
Nanami: Ahaha, but I had a great time~, so thanks, Toko-chan.
Toko: No problem~! I bet it's only a matter of time before we also get to perform at an outdoor music festival~.
Mashiro: (Us on that stage... I wonder what the view will be like from there...)
Toko: We'll be on the main stage as the big final act! And everyone's gonna be glued to my mad guitar skills, and... Hmm?
Tsukushi: What is it?
Toko: Hey, look! This is, like, some seriously pretty stuff!
Mashiro: Wow... Fireflies...!
Tsukushi: The whole area's being filled with their light! I've never seen anything like this!
Toko: Whoa~, this is gonna look amazing on camera. We so have to take a photo together!
Nanami: Great idea~! Watching fireflies after going to a summer music festival with your friends is such a classic teen thing to do~.
Mashiro: (If the five of us could get up on that stage someday...)
Mashiro: ... Um, is it okay if I sing a bit?
Toko: Oh~, nice! This'll be like part two of the festival.
Nanami: Fufufu. It even looks like the fireflies have started gathering around to hear you sing, Shiro-chan~.
Tsukushi: You're right!
Rui: Improbable as that is... you are all free to think what you will.
Mashiro: (The lights from the fireflies look so happy. It's like they're tugging my hand and telling me to come with them.)
Mashiro: (The view from that place... I want the five of us to see it together...!)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: I'd like to sing...
Mashiro: Daylight.
(White cut)
