1310_Mashiro Kurata_R4 To Put Into Words

Gacha phrase: I learned to love myself.

<Feelings I Want to Share>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Shiro~, wanna hit up the convenience store and get some snacks?
Mashiro: Huh? But... Rui-san said we're going to start practicing as soon as our break is over...
Rui: You still have ten minutes. You are free to do whatever you want in that time.
Toko: What~?! How am I supposed to get and finish my snack in ten minutes?
Rui: Give up, then.
Toko: C'mon, lighten up. We're just coming off of a contest, aren't we~? It should be all good~.
Tsukushi: It's not good! You're taking things too easy, Toko-chan!
Nanami: Ahaha, she was super into it when we were playing, though~.
Toko: Duh. I'm always gonna get pumped up when we play that new song. I mean, the music itself is good, but those lyrics are godlike~.
Mashiro: Th-they're not that great...! I just wrote down how I felt, like always.
Mashiro: But I guess I did know what I wanted to write about already, so it was easier this time...
Nanami: The speech you based it off of was incredible to begin with, after all.
Toko: Man, I tear up every time I think about it~.
Tsukushi: That just makes me even more disappointed we couldn't hear your speech at the Concourse of Words, though... I know everyone there would've probably started tearing up, too.
Mashiro: I-I think you're exaggerating things...
Tsukushi: We don't know that! And we won't unless you try again!
Nanami: Ohhh, Tsu-chan's all fired up~. But personally, I'd also like to see you get revenge next year.
Mashiro: Huh?!
Toko: Good idea! Next year, Shiro'll have the entire auditorium bawling their eyes out!
Mashiro: Uh, ummm...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan... Are you afraid of it turning out like this year again?
Mashiro: Ah, no, that's not it...
Mashiro: It's just... I think turning my speech into song lyrics made it easier to put feeling into it.
Mashiro: So the next time I have something I want to share with everyone, I want to do it with a song again.
Rui: Perhaps songwriting is your most effective means of expressing yourself, Kurata-san.
Mashiro: Means of expressing myself...?
Nanami: She just means it's your way of share your feelings with others. Like my art~.
Mashiro: ...! I-I wonder... That'd be nice...
Tsukushi: Huh... Well then, when you've got something you want to say, we'll perform it with you!
Mashiro: Okay... Thanks.
Mashiro: I feel so much more comfortable with you guys around. It's a lot harder to put my feelings into words when I'm alone.
Toko: Oho, I see~. So basically, you can't live without us, right~?
Mashiro: Fufu, maybe.
Tsukushi: Oh~, Mashiro-chan! Don't say stuff like that to Toko-chan. She'll just get carried away.
Toko: Oh! That's it! Why don't we enter the Concourse of Words next year as a band?
Toko: Isn't that a genius idea?!
Mashiro: Wh-what do you mean...? Do you want us to play a show there?
Rui: You are aware the Concourse of Words is a speech contest, correct...?
Toko: Nah, I'm saying we can play in the background while Shiro talks.
Toko: If just her speech can get us all crying, then if we add our music, it'd be 100 times... Nah, 10,000 times better, don't you think?
Rui: There is no way they would allow that.
Mashiro: Ahaha... Yeah.
Toko: Hey, if Rui gets to be a big shot in the student council, she'd probably be able to work something out, right?
Rui: I would appreciate it if you did not place such ridiculous expectations upon me.
Tsukushi: Still, I think I'd really start crying if I heard Mashiro's speech with our music...
Rui: Not you too, Futaba-san...
Tsukushi: I-I don't mean I want to do it! I'm just saying it sounds nice. That's all...
Nanami: Hm~... I dunno if I'd wanna stand out that much~.
Toko: Then what if you just wore a mask?
Tsukushi: That's not going to help her! Everyone'd figure out who she is instantly, anyway!
Toko: What~...? Then what do you want to do, Fusuke?
Mashiro: Fufufu...
Mashiro: (It really is fun being together with everyone... The atelier feels so warm and comfortable today... It almost glistens like a flower blooming in the sunlight...)
Mashiro: Ah... That's good...!
Mashiro: Rui-san, could you hand me that notebook?
Rui: Sure... This one?
Nanami: Did you come up with some new lyrics, Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: Yeah. The idea's still kinda fuzzy in my head, but I think I can work it out if I write it down...!
Tsukushi: Whoa, really?
Toko: You serious?! Lemme see!
Mashiro: N-no, not yet...!
Mashiro: But... when I'm done, you'll all be the first to know!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Mashiro and Morfonica>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Shopping Mall]

Mashiro: Hm~...
Marina: Oh, it's Mashiro-chan. Hi!
Mashiro: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san... Hi.
Marina: I see you were taking a look at that bulletin board. Did a poster catch your eye?
Mashiro: I was hoping there might be a concert posted here that Morfonica could sign up for, but it looks like there aren't any right now.
Marina: Concert posters, huh~? That reminds me, there was one for the Blue Sky Band Contest here before.
Marina: I heard you guys signed up for it.
Mashiro: Yeah, we got fifth place...
Marina: I see. That's great!
Mashiro: Thanks... But it's not thanks to me...
Mashiro: I always end up causing trouble for everyone before our concerts.
Mashiro: Like that time I couldn't come up with lyrics. And this time, I...
Marina: Oh... Concerts are fun, but they're a lot of pressure too, huh?
Mashiro: I thought I'd gotten a little more confident lately, but I was totally wrong...
Mashiro: If Morfonica wasn't the five of us, I don't think the band would have been able to...
Marina: Huh. You all went through a lot before the contest...
Mashiro: All I've done is just rely on the others... They've carried me all this way...
Marina: Now this is just a hunch, but I don't think that's totally true.
Mashiro: Huh?
Marina: I think the rest of Morfonica supports you because they need you, don't you think?
Marina: They want to help you because they want to play together with you.
Marina: That means you're needed, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: R-really...?
Marina: Yeah. Just like you've received so much from your friends in Morfonica, they've received a lot from you too. At least, that's what I think.
Mashiro: From me...?
Mashiro: It'd be nice if that were true...
Marina: Fufu. I know it is.
Mashiro: Thank you...!
Mashiro: I want to keep Morfonica going.
Mashiro: It's really special to me... It's where I belong...
Mashiro: So I'm going to do my best to help make our band a place where the others feel they can belong, too.
Marina: You can do it, Mashiro-chan. We'll always be cheering for you.
Mashiro: Okay!
