1383_Mashiro Kurata_R3 New Year's Hymn

Gacha phrase: O-oh great... Please stop... This is so embarrassing~...

<Where to Celebrate...>

(Character: Ako Udagawa, Mashiro Kurata, Rokka Asahi)

[Downtown]

Ako: ... Huff~. Look! You can see the air coming out of my mouth! Try it, Rokka, Mashiro!
Mashiro: Hm? Huff~...
LOCK (Rokka): Thank you both for coming all the way to Galaxy to pick me up. Wasn't it cold?
Ako: We didn't mind one bit! We just wanted to meet up with you as soon as we could! Right, Mashiro?
Mashiro: Y-yes... Don't worry about it, LOCK-chan.
Ako: I've been looking forward to our post-contest celebration party so much that I couldn't sleep at all last night~.
LOCK (Rokka): Fufu, I've been looking forward to it too! We still haven't decided where we're going to celebrate, though, right?
Mashiro: Mm-hmm... I think the only thing we agreed on was meeting up.
Ako: So, where do you guys wanna go~? Ah! I kinda wanna do karaoke!
Mashiro: Even after we went so much to practice for the singing contest? We were going two to three times a week...
Ako: Aw~. But you can never have too much karaoke.
LOCK (Rokka): Although karaoke sounds fun, I think a restaurant would be nice too.
LOCK (Rokka): We haven't talked about the contest very much, and a restaurant would let us do that and relax.
Mashiro: ... I like that idea.
Ako: Me too, me too~! Oh, since we're supposed to be celebrating, why don't we go to karaoke and a restaurant so that we can sing a bunch and eat huge parfaits~?!
Ako: Ah! I also want to go shopping together!
Mashiro: It sounds like we sort of have a lot of things to do...
Ako: And we should do them all! We're supposed to be celebrating!
???: Oh, Ako-chan! Hi, sweety! I saw the singing contest the other day. You were just lovely.
Ako: Ah, hi! I was?! Hooray~!
LOCK (Rokka): U-um, Ako-chan... Do you think you could maybe introduce us...?
Ako: Oh, this is the hardware store lady from around here~!
Ako: Me and my sister have known her ever since we were this little~!
Hardware Store Lady: Those glasses... You're Rokka-chan, right? That was some good use of ornamentation in your singing. Gave the song a nice emotional punch~.
LOCK (Rokka): Th-thank you very much!
Hardware Store Lady: And you're... Mashiro-chan, right?
Mashiro: Y-yes...
Hardware Store Lady: You were also very cute and lovely~. I really appreciate everything you girls did to spice things up around here. Here, I want you to have these!
Mashiro: A-ah, oh... th-thank you very much...
Ako: Wow~! That's a lot of mandarins!
LOCK (Rokka): She had so many nice things to say about us, didn't she...?
Ako: Yeah! Maybe it's because the contest made both of you famous!
Mashiro: I-I don't know about that...
Fish Shop Lady: Well, if it isn't Ako-chan and her friends!
(Black cut)
Mashiro: Drinks... Snacks... Everyone's been giving us so many things...
LOCK (Rokka): It must be because they all went to see the contest.
Ako: Yeah! And can you believe we even got asked to do something for the next downtown event?
Mashiro: ...
Ako: Mashiro? You look like you're spacing out. Is everything okay?
Mashiro: Ah... I'm just a bit surprised by all of this, I guess. Because I've never really come here that often...
LOCK (Rokka): What do you mean?
Mashiro: Um, it just feels a little strange to have people I've never spoken to before come up to me with a smile and start a conversation...
Mashiro: All I did was be in a contest one time... This has all been so unexpected...
Ako: That just goes to show how super-duper cool our performance was!
LOCK (Rokka): I think I sort of get what you're saying, Mashiro-chan. It's like you suddenly know a whole lot more people, so you're happy, right?
Mashiro: I don't know... but...
Mashiro: This place does feel kind of more special to me than it did before.
Ako: Really?! I'll give you a more detailed tour then!
Ako: There are so many more amazing things to see!
Ako: I bet you'll love this place a whole lot more once you've seen them all!
LOCK (Rokka): Wow, thanks! It looks like we have one more thing to do to celebrate.
Mashiro: Mm-hmm...
Ako: Alright, stay close! The downtown tour is about to begin!
Mashiro: Huh?
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! Ako-chan, wait for me...!
Mashiro: L-LOCK-chan, wait...! Please don't leave me behind, you two~...!


<A New Experience>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Edogawa Music]

Mashiro: Ah... {{userName}}-san... Happy New Year.
Mashiro: Um, are you shopping...? Oh, for studio supplies.
Mashiro: I'm going to the New Year's Fluffy Mascot Festival with Ako-chan and LOCK-chan.
Mashiro: I arrived a little early... so I've just been looking around.
Mashiro: Do you know about the festival?
Mashiro: You get to exchange New Year's cards with a special New Year's version of Michelle-san in a kimono.
Mashiro: I've been looking forward to the event for so long, and I'm so happy it's finally happening that I had trouble sleeping yesterday...
Mashiro: That reminds me, Michelle-san was amazing at the New Year's singing contest!
Mashiro: Getting to see her perform with Marie-san was like a dream come true... I really felt like I was dreaming...
Mashiro: She looked so fluffy and adorable while singing and dancing~...
Mashiro: Really?! You were there too...?
Mashiro: And you even saw us perform? I'm sorry... I didn't even notice.
Mashiro: I was so nervous that all I could think of was myself...
Mashiro: The atmosphere of the contest was just so different from the concerts I normally sing at...
Mashiro: And in the first place, I haven't had a lot of experience performing at events that feel like a festival.
Mashiro: I only managed to make it through because Himari-san covered for me as the host.
Mashiro: She's amazing, don't you think?
Mashiro: Introducing everyone so joyfully while maintaining all that energy and keeping things exciting until the end...
Mashiro: All I could do was sing one song, and I was exhausted...
Mashiro: Hm? Y-yes. I suppose so. I guess I'm glad I got to be in the contest.
Mashiro: At first, I was pretty nervous about how everything was going to turn out...
Mashiro: But after we finished singing, everyone cheered for us so much... That made me so happy.
Mashiro: And practicing with Ako-chan and LOCK-chan was a lot of fun too.
Mashiro: ... Um, what will I do if there's a next time? I'd maybe have to think about it a bit...
Mashiro: Ah... I-I'm sorry, it's almost time to meet up...
Mashiro: Yes, see you at CiRCLE...! I'll be sure to offer Michelle-san my New Year's greetings!
