1409_Mashiro Kurata_R3 Becoming a Different Me

Gacha phrase: But... you're right... I'll... I'll give it a shot...

<Challenging Myself at TOCO>

(Character: Kasumi Toyama, Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Rokka Asahi)

[Event Area]

Mashiro: Um... That booth is that way... The schedule for the fashion show is...
Nanami: What's up, Shiro-chan? You look kinda nervous.
Mashiro: W-Well, you see... Today, Kasumi-san and LOCK-chan are coming...!
Mashiro: When I brought flyers for TOCO to CiRCLE, the two of them happened to be there... and they said they'd come check it out...
Nanami: Oh, I see. Good for you, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Yeah. I was planning on guiding them around the event, but...
Mashiro: ... I think I might give up on that idea...
Nanami: Huh? What's made you change your mind?
Mashiro: I mean, this isn't even my event in the first place. It's Toko-chan's...
Mashiro: And I was busy with writing lyrics, so I didn't help with prepping for the event that much, either... Won't it sort of look like I'm taking credit for something I didn't do if I show them around...?
Nanami: You're overthinking things. That's not gonna happen, don't worry~.
LOCK (Rokka): Ah! Kasumi-senpai. I found Mashiro-chan. She's over there!
Kasumi: You're right! Heeey! Mashiro-chaaan~!!
Mashiro: Ah, Kasumi-san...
Kasumi: Squeeeze~!!
Mashiro: Eek! Uh, u-um...?!
Kasumi: Ehehe, thanks for inviting us here today.
Mashiro: Ah, n-no, th-thank you for coming...
Mashiro: Thank you too, LOCK-chan...!
Nanami: Yeah. Thanks, you two~.
LOCK (Rokka): I was already looking forward to it since it was an event that Mashiro-chan and her friends were planning, but this is even more incredible than I'd imagined!
Kasumi: Yeah, yeah! There's all sorts of booths, just being here is getting me super excited!
LOCK (Rokka): I couldn't help sending a picture to my friends back home. They were all so shocked to see what high school girls in the big city get up to.
Mashiro: No, that's...! The only person capable of pulling this off at Tsukinomori is Toko-chan... I-I just helped by writing a new song, that's all...
Kasumi: A new song for Morfonica, right?! Are you going to debut it here?
Mashiro: Y-Yeah.
LOCK (Rokka): Wow! I can't wait to hear it!
Kasumi: Have a great show, you guys!
Mashiro: Th-Thank you very much...!
Nanami: She's been putting lots of effort into practice and her songwriting, so please come check us out~.
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: ... Hey, Shiro-chan. There's still something you wanna say to them, right?
Mashiro: Ah, um...
LOCK (Rokka): Where do you want to start checking things out from, Kasumi-senpai?
Kasumi: They said they're doing a fashion show, right? Oh, but there's also supposed to be a place where they'll do our hair. And that gelato sounded tasty, too~!
Kasumi: Hey, Mashiro-chan, Nanami-chan, wanna join us?
Nanami: Ah, sorry. I've still got a little more I've got to take care of for that fashion show, actually.
Kasumi: Oh, that's a shame... How about you, Mashiro-chan? Do you have to help out with the concert or something?
Mashiro: U-Um... Well...
Nanami: It's fine, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: Nanami-chan...
Nanami: Remember what Toko-chan said? This event's all about doing everything we wanna do. So just do what you wanna do, Shiro-chan.
Mashiro: ... ! O-Okay.
Mashiro: Um... I'm free! I want to check out the event too. I think I might be able to show you around for a little bit...
Kasumi: Really?! Yay!
LOCK (Rokka): Thank goodness~! The more the merrier, after all.
LOCK (Rokka): Plus, there's so many people here that it's been hard to decide where we want to go first. Having a guide will really help.
Mashiro: O-Okay... Th-then, I'll do my best...!
Mashiro: Thanks, Nanami-chan...!
Nanami: Aw, I didn't do anything. Have fun~.
Mashiro: Okay. I'll see you soon!
Kasumi: Alright, let's go!
LOCK (Rokka): Ah, Kasumi-senpai!
Mashiro: P-Please wait for me~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<A New Step Forward, for Sure>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE Café]

Mashiro: ...
Marina: Oh. Hi there, Mashiro-chan! What are you looking at on your phone?
Mashiro: ...
Marina: Um, Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Ah! Marina-san, {{userName}}-san...! I-I'm really sorry. I didn't even notice because I had my earbuds in...
Marina: No, my bad for surprising you. You looked like you were enjoying yourself. Any chance you could tell me what you were looking at?
Mashiro: Um... A video.
Marina: Huh. What kind of video?
Mashiro: Do you know about the event in the flyers we left at CiRCLE...? The event itself ended a few days ago, but we did a concert there. That's what I was watching a video of.
Mashiro: Some people who came to TOCO apparently filmed us...
Marina: Wow, that's great. I heard you guys really brought the house down.
Mashiro: Yes... Though I think a part of it was because we were the last act.
Mashiro: I'm just happy everyone seemed to like our new song.
Marina: Morfonica's got a new song, huh? I wonder what it sounds like~.
Marina: Could you let us watch it too?
Mashiro: S-sure...! I'll replay the video.
(Black cut)
Marina: I can tell all of you must've practiced a lot even though you looked busy. You girls were great~!
Mashiro: Thank you very much...!
Marina: The new song felt different from normal Morfonica though. Were you in charge of writing the lyrics like always?
Mashiro: Yes, I was.
Mashiro: Watching Toko-chan preparing for the event gave me an image of her jumping around in a field of bright, pretty flowers while playing her guitar...
Marina: I see, I see. Your new song does have that sort of feel.
Mashiro: I was worried how people would react to it, but... I'm glad both my bandmates and the audience seemed to like it.
Marina: I heard the event brought in a lot of people who don't usually go to concerts, so having a song that's easy to vibe to seems like a good idea.
Marina: Not to mention, it makes it easier for the performing side to fire up the crowd.
Mashiro: It does. Toko-chan worked especially hard to do just that...
Marina: You did great too, you know, Mashiro-chan? You looked like you were having so much fun singing. That must've helped get the audience going, too.
Mashiro: D-do you think so? ... Well, it'd be nice if that were true...
Marina: Fufu. I hope your next concert also ends up being the kind you girls and the audience can enjoy together.
Mashiro: So do I...!
Marina: Alright, we should head back to work. See you later, Mashiro-chan.
