1524_Mashiro Kurata_R5 Sky-Colored Sea

<Sky-Colored Sea>

Anime story


<Pages Turned by the Wind>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Tsukushi: Let's see... The test is going to cover pages thirty-seven to fifty...
Mashiro: ... You're already going to study for the test, Tsukushi-chan? It's still a month away, isn't it?
Tsukushi: There's nothing to do until everyone else arrives, so I figure why not! By the way, are you studying properly? You said you didn't do too well on the previous test.
Mashiro: I-it just happened to cover something I was struggling with...
Tsukushi: Didn't you say that for the previous, previous test too?
Mashiro: U-uh... I wouldn't have trouble memorizing if they were about what I like...
Tsukushi: I get it, I really do... If you do too poorly, though, you might get told to temporarily put band activities on hold.
Mashiro: B-but we're really busy... and I still need to come up with lyrics for our new song...
Tsukushi: Stop making excuses~!
Mashiro: Uh...! But math and everything keeps getting harder, and English words are impossible to remember...
Tsukushi: Hmm... You don't seem to have any trouble writing words like "fairy" or "dragon," though. I sort of assumed you were good at English.
Mashiro: I've always liked fantasy and fairy tales, so I've just read a lot of those kinds of books...
Mashiro: Like this picture book. I borrowed it from the school library today.
Mashiro: I used to read it a whole lot when I was little. Seeing it brought back all these memories, so I just had to borrow it.
Tsukushi: Um... Isn't this book more for the elementary school kids?
Mashiro: It is, but they still let me borrow it. Plus, I don't think you have to be little to enjoy it.
Tsukushi: Oh? Could you let me take a look?
Mashiro: We can read it together! Ah, then...
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Hiromachi Residence Atelier - Outside]

Tsukushi: Why did we have to step out?
Mashiro: Because I think it'll fit the book better this way.
Tsukushi: ...?
Mashiro: Okay, let's start reading!
Tsukushi: Wow...! The artwork's really beautiful. It's so mystical!
Mashiro: Fufu, it is, right? When I see this book, it makes me feel like I'm in a dream.
Tsukushi: I think I kind of know what you mean! Um, this page here... It's supposed to be a reflection of the sky in the sea, right?
Mashiro: I don't know if it's a reflection...
Mashiro: It feels more like the sky falling into the sea.
Tsukushi: The sky... falling?
Mashiro: Mm-hmm. And the clouds that fell are being taken on a slow journey by the waves to this island over this way.
Tsukushi: Hmm. I'm not sure if that makes sense or not...
Mashiro: Ah, isn't this page also beautiful? Just look at how morning and night blend together as the colors shift from a deep blue to a faint reddish purple...
(Black cut)
Mashiro: And this scene doesn't even have any words, but the pictures tell you everything...! See, like this part here...
Mashiro: ... Tsukushi-chan? Are you listening?
Tsukushi: Zzz... Zzz...
Mashiro: Ah, she's asleep... Should I wake her or not...?
Mashiro: But the weather's so nice... I'm... getting sleepy too...
Mashiro: Zzz... Zzz...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: Hm...? Soap bubbles...?
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro: ...?! I'm up in the sky?!
Tsukushi: O-oh no, Mashiro-chan! Where are we?
Mashiro: I don't know either... but this feels amazing!
Tsukushi: Ahh! Why is there a whale?!
Mashiro: Wow...! It's swimming in the sky.
Mashiro: Look. You can see a town from between the clouds.
Tsukushi: It is pretty, but I'm a little scared...
Mashiro: Let's try going further away! Come on!
Tsukushi: H-how can you adapt to the situation so quickly~...?
Mashiro: Fufu, if only there were all kinds of fish made of jewels. Then it really would be like that scene in the picture book...
Tsukushi: Ah! Look, look! There are so many schools of glittering fish...!
Mashiro: ...! Wow... We should explore more places!
Tsukushi: Um... I'm a bit tired~. All of this has been a lot to take in.
Mashiro: Okay. Why don't we rest on the back of the whale then!
Tsukushi: W-wait, don't pull so hard!
(White cut)
(Background change)
Mashiro & Tsukushi: Zzz... Zzz...
Nanami: Fufu, just look at how comfortable Tsu-chan and Shiro-chan look while sleeping~.
Rui: I wonder if they were reading this picture book...
Toko: That looks totally cool! I'm so gonna ask if I can look at it.
Rui: Now that all of us are here, we should begin practice.
Nanami: Aw~, come on, let's let them sleep a bit more~.
Toko: What she said! It's our fault for being late!
Rui: ... Sigh. Very well. I will work on composing our new song then.
Toko: Huh, show me how it's coming along! I'll give you some genius ideas to make it even more awesome♪
Rui: ... Suit yourself.
Tsukushi: ... Wait... Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: Fufu... Thank you, Mr. Whale...
(White cut)
(Background change)
