1587_Mashiro Kurata_R4 vs King of the River

Gacha phrase: I... caught this...?

<What the Magic Eyes See>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Forest - Mountain Stream]

Toko: I found one~! Fusuke, whaddya think of this stone~?! It's shaped like a guitar pick, isn't it cool?!
Tsukushi: Fufu, I haven't lost yet! Look, I've got a stone with orange and white marbling. Isn't it pretty?
Toko: Ohh~, you're right! Fu, fu, fu. Well, maybe I'll just play my trump card then~.
Toko: Get a load of this~. Ta-dah! Isn't this stone super red and clear?
Tsukushi: Wow, you're right! It's so pretty~.
Nanami: Toko-chan and Tsu-chan are so energetic~.
Rui: Yes. They seem to have been searching for stones for some time.
Nanami: I'm curious to see what kind of stones they'll find~.
Rui: Why not go and ask them to show you?
Nanami: I'll do that later~. Right now basking in the sun comes first~.
Mashiro: ...
Nanami: Shiro-chan?
Mashiro: ... Huh? Ah, what is it?
Nanami: Oh, it's nothing. It just seemed like you were staring at the stream~. Did you find something interesting?
Mashiro: Not really... You know how I said earlier that this stream is like a lake in a fantasy world?
Mashiro: When I looked at it with that in mind, I actually started seeing it that way.
Rui: ... I do not quite understand. No matter how I look at it, I believe the stream is no more than just that.
Mashiro: U-um... For example, look over there. Do you see the part of the stream that's sparkling?
Nanami: Ah. That spot over there, right? The sunlight is reflecting off of the stream~.
Mashiro: Yeah, that's how it actually is. But this is how I see it.
Mashiro: Imagine that there are fairies playing over there and using magic. That could maybe be why it's sparkling.
Rui & Nanami: ...
Mashiro: And maybe the house where they live is in that tree over there. You can see how it has round holes in it, right?
Mashiro: There might be a completely different world just beyond that where fairies, pegasuses, and unicorns all live together...
Mashiro: Maybe, when it's night, they all come here to drink the water. I'd love to see that~.
Nanami: Shiro-chan, that's amazing...
Mashiro: Huh? What's amazing?
Rui: The power of your imagination. Seeing the water's surface glisten and allowing your imagination to unfurl that far is not something anyone can do.
Mashiro: Do you... really think so? I've always daydreamed like that, so I don't think I really get what you mean.
Nanami: I'm sure you must be able to see the world differently than how we do~.
Nanami: Fufufu, it's like you have magic eyes.
Mashiro: What~? It's nothing that impressive...
Mashiro: I think I just see it that way. I'm sure there are lots of other people like this...
Rui: There is no need to be so humble. I consider your great sensitivity to be a talent.
Mashiro: Rui-san...
Nanami: Mhm. I'd like to know more about what you can see~.
Nanami: What other kinds of worlds do your magic eyes see? Tell us, tell us~.
Mashiro: Um, I don't have magic eyes, but if the two of you want to hear more...
Nanami: Yay~!
Toko: Shiro~, Nanami~, Rui~!
Toko: Come judge whether my stone or Fusuke's stone is better!
Tsukushi: Toko-chan! It's dangerous to run here. What if you slip and fall?
Tsukushi: I'm sorry, everyone. I know you were taking a rest...
Nanami: It's okay. We were just about to listen to a story from Shiro-chan.
Nanami: Why don't the two of you stay and listen too? She's going to tell us about how she sees the world.
Tsukushi: How she sees it...?
Toko: What's that about?! I'm totally curious!
Nanami: I know, right? Okay then, Shiro-chan, take it away whenever you're ready~.
Mashiro: O-okay. Um, behind that waterfall over there sleeps a legendary dragon.
Mashiro: Once every hundred years, when a rainbow appears over the waterfall, the dragon wakes up, and...


<What the Mountains Showed Me>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Inside the Station]

Marina: Hey there, Mashiro-chan.
Mashiro: Ah. Marina-san, {{userName}}-san. Hello.
Marina: What a coincidence running into you here. Were you going somewhere?
Mashiro: I'm on my way to band practice right now. What about the two of you?
Marina: We came out to have lunch. We heard that a great rice omelet restaurant was set up in the station recently.
Marina: Ah, by the way, we heard from Toko-chan~. You girls all took a trip to a river the other day, huh?
Mashiro: Yes. We've done nothing but practice lately, so we wanted to take a break from that.
Mashiro: I was a little anxious at first, but I'm glad I went.
Marina: Why were you anxious?
Mashiro: Uh, because the mountains have so many bugs...
Marina: Ahh, that could be a little scary then.
Mashiro: Also, I've heard that touching the grass out there can make your skin break out in a rash...
Mashiro: But... we made so many discoveries, and so I didn't even worry about things like that.
Mashiro: I didn't know that stream water was so chilly.
Mashiro: I also didn't know that such a magical landscape would be in the forest, or that how nature looks will change based on the time of day...
Mashiro: I guess you could say it was such a fresh experience learning about so many things I never knew...
Marina: Mhm, that's true. When you interact with things that you normally don't, you find out a lot.
Marina: Your feelings from that time will always stay vivid...
Marina: And that's sometimes how unforgettable, irreplaceable memories like that are made.
Mashiro: Yeah. I feel like... I'll always remember how I felt at that time.
Mashiro: Ah... I'm sorry. You were both on your way to lunch... How are you for time?
Marina: No problem there. We still have time until our afternoon shifts. What about you?
Mashiro: I- Ah, my train's about to get here.
Mashiro: I'm sorry, but I'll be going now.
Marina: Okay. Thanks for sharing that story with us! It was really fun.
Mashiro: It made me happy to share so much with you.
Marina: Well then, see you around. Do your best with practice!
Mashiro: I will. See you.
