1634_Mashiro Kurata_R5 In Another World!

Gacha phrase: ...!! What's this~?!

<Rules of Naming>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Forest]

Mashiro: Hrm...? I saw them soon after we started the game. I think they were around here...
Tsukushi: You're looking for the rabbit monsters, right?
Mashiro: Yes! They look like characters from the novel I like.
Nanami: Do you mean the marshmallow rabbits? They're the round fluffy characters with big ears, right~?
Tsukushi: Ah, I might have seen them before. I think you have a doll like that in your room.
Tsukushi: It really was very cute. I can see why you'd want to become friends with one.
Mashiro: I've been thinking about it ever since I heard this game has a system that lets you live with monsters...
Nanami: All you need to do is catch one and name it. I remember how your eyes lit up when the goblins told you about it.
Mashiro: I got so excited at the thought of being able to live with a rabbit. Thank you both for helping me look.
Nanami: Speak nothing of it~. But where in the world are they...?
Great Nanny: Attention, I have detected the rabbit monsters' home fifty meters southwest of here.
Mashiro: Southwest... Guys, this way!
Tsukushi: Huh? Mashiro-chan, wait~.
(Black cut)
Great Nanny: Attention, you have arrived at your destination.
Mashiro: Oh wow, look! There are so many rabbits over here and over there!
Mashiro: They're all huddled together like that sleeping... Fufu, how cute.
Tsukushi: Argh, you just took off running...
Nanami: Wow~. White ones, red ones, there are so many different color rabbits~.
Mashiro: Which one should I have come with me...? I can't decide...
Tsukushi: Since they're sleeping, this is our chance to catch one, right? I'll just slowly get a little closer...
Rabbit Monster: ...!
Tsukushi: ... Hrm? It ran away?!
Tsukushi: Alright, I'll come at it from the other way this time! I'll walk to it even more carefully than before~...
Rabbit Monster: ...!
Tsukushi: It ran away again... Why~?!
Nanami: Hmm, maybe the game is designed to make them run away when someone gets too close to them.
Great Nanny: Attention, due to this monster's excellent hearing, it will flee if you get within a certain range of it.
Mashiro: It's just like Nanami-chan said... In that case, how can we-
Great Nanny: Attention, it is recommended you capture the monster with a long-range skill. Using the Thread skill to do so would be effective.
Mashiro: Umm... Thread skill, Thread skill... I'll make a net and... throw!
Rabbit Monster: ...!
Mashiro: Yay~! I did it!
Tsukushi: What? It was that easy...?! You're amazing, Mashiro-chan.
Nanami: The rabbit doesn't seem hurt either.
Nanami: Fufu, it's a black rabbit. It's so feisty~. Hey, you have to name it.
Mashiro: O-okay... Umm, I'll name it "Kuro." Is that all I have to do?
(White cut)
Great Nanny: Attention, the contract was successful. The one named Kuro has been placed under your control.
Kuro: ...!
Nanami: Ah! It's really taken a liking to you! This means you have a contract with it, right?
Mashiro: Fufu, it looks that way. I'm glad this worked~.
Mashiro: Okay, I'll catch another one now...
Tsukushi: Huh? You want another?
Mashiro: Y-yes... Since there are so many, I thought Kuro wouldn't be lonely if I had rabbits of other colors too...
Nanami: You say that, but I think you just want to have a bunch more rabbits with you, don't you~?
Mashiro: Ehehe... That might be a part of it too...
Mashiro: Alright, since I'm here, I'm going to make all these rabbits my friends...!
(Black cut)
Nanami: That's a lot~. Aren't there about twenty rabbits?
Mashiro: Kuro won't get lonely with this many friends. Now I'll name each one-
Great Nanny: Attention, further contracts are not recommended.
Mashiro: ...? But all I want to do is give them names...
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan, what's wrong? You're not going to name them?
Mashiro: Ah, I'm going to do it now. Umm... Okay, this one is "Ao" because it's blue, and this one is "Mimi" because it has long ears...
Mashiro: This rabbit is "Shizuku," this one is "Sakura," this one is "Cookie," this one is "Buchi," this one is-
Mashiro: H-hrm...? My screen just became kind of fuzzy...
Great Nanny: Attention, your magic power will deplete in three minutes if you continue supplying it to the monsters under your control. When that happens, your actions will be limited.
Mashiro: Huh? Wh-why...?!
Great Nanny: Magic power is a monster's life energy. When it is depleted, a monster will become completely inactive until it has been restored.
Great Nanny: The contract with the monsters under your control is maintained by your supply of magic power.
Great Nanny: At your current level of magic power, it is recommended you only supply magic to one monster.
Mashiro: O-oh no! Why didn't you say that earlier?!
Mashiro: Wh-what should I do...? I won't be able to have an adventure with the others if I can't move...
Nanami: Shiro-chan...?
Great Nanny: Attention, your magic power will be depleted in one minute. There is a way to avoid this situation. Would you like to take action?
Mashiro: Really?! What is-
Great Nanny: Starting countdown. Fifty-nine, fifty-eight...
Mashiro: Ahh~! Wait, wait!
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan just started freaking out. Did something happen...?
Nanami: Beats me...
Mashiro: I won't do anything selfish again! Just tell me what to do~!


<Beware of Overreliance>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[Inside the Station]

Marina: Ah, Mashiro-chan. Hi.
Mashiro: Marina-san, {{userName}}-san! Hi. Are you going somewhere?
Marina: We finished work early today, so we're heading home. Are you on your way home from school?
Mashiro: Yes. I don't have band practice, so I was thinking of going straight home.
Marina: Oh, okay. Ah, by the way, I heard something.
Marina: Morfonica played a trial version of a VR game together the other day, right?
Mashiro: That's right! It was a game set in another world. I had so much fun.
Mashiro: It actually felt like we had gone to a different world...
Mashiro: We had adventures in places I had never seen before and did things like fight monsters. It was as if we were heroes in a fantasy movie!
Marina: I bet. Having adventures in a new world sounds exciting. I think your character has unique powers too, don't they?
Mashiro: Ah, you mean Skills, right?
Marina: I think so. What kind of skill did you have?
Mashiro: My skill was called the Great Nanny. It was a power that helped me with many things.
Mashiro: It would do things like tell me where to go when I was looking for something and often teach me things that might be useful.
Mashiro: It was always helping me like that to make it easier for me to have adventures.
Marina: That's a handy power to have. It sounds like it would be the ultimate partner.
Mashiro: I relied on it a lot.
Mashiro: But because I did that too much, I ran into some trouble near the end...
Mashiro: ... Sigh, I didn't think I'd suddenly lose the ability to use the Great Nanny.
Marina: Oh~, I see. That would certainly be a problem if something convenient you'd been using just stopped working.
Marina: I think I would panic if my phone suddenly stopped working.
Mashiro: Yes... I was nervous because I had no idea what to do.
Mashiro: I guess it's not good to rely too much on things.
Marina: Well~, I think it's all about balance. And there's nothing wrong with relying on others.
Marina: First, you should try as hard as you can on your own. And if that doesn't work, then it's probably okay to ask for help.
Mashiro: I-I suppose so... From now on, I will try my best to do that as much as possible.
Mashiro: Ah... It's almost time for my train. Excuse me. I should leave now.
Marina: Sure thing! Thanks for sharing all your stories with us. See you soon.
Mashiro: Yes, goodbye. I'll see you again at CiRCLE.
