1688_Mashiro Kurata_R4 Precious Birthday!

Gacha phrase: Fufu, thank you...!

<Matching Merch Promise>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Kurata Residence - Mashiro's Room]

Mashiro: Wow... You all actually came...
Toko: Well, it's your birthday, y'know? There's no way we wouldn't celebrate it!
Toko: I wanted to bring a humongous party popper, but Rui stopped me~.
Rui: Surely, you must understand how much of a nuisance it would be to bring something like that without warning.
Nanami: Now, now~! Even if we don't have party poppers, we'll still pump things up for you, Shiro-chan!
Mashiro: O-okay... Thanks, everyone...!
Toko: You're the star today, so quit sitting on the sidelines and come plop down in the center!
Tsukushi: That's right. We'll serve the cake we brought now!
Mashiro: Fufu, I can't wait. Then I'll clean up my table a little bit. This goes on top of my shelf, and...
Nanami: Ah, Shiro-chan. That squirrel ornament is cute~.
Mashiro: Fufu. I love it, too. This squirrel is actually a coin bank.
Mashiro: This little one is a big eater, so when you put a ten yen coin in its mouth like this...
Tsukushi: Wow, amazing! It's fluttering its tail like it's happy!
Mashiro: Lately, there's been a lot more fluffy character merchandise for this squirrel... Aside from coin banks, there are also handkerchiefs and ballpoint pens.
Mashiro: As a matter of fact, apparently, there's going to be a limited-time character shop at the shopping mall soon, so I'm looking forward to that.
Toko: Huh. Then we've got no choice but to all go together!
Nanami: Agreed~! I want us to buy matching ballpoint pens.
Mashiro: Can we? Fufu. I can't wait.
Rui: While this may damper your conversation, shouldn't celebrating Kurata-san's birthday today come first?
Tsukushi: That's right! Okay, let's start over. Mashiro-chan, Happy...
Toko, Tsukusi, Nanami & Rui: Birthday~!
Mashiro: Fufu. Thanks...!


<Rewarding Yourself>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Rei Wakana)

[CiRCLE Café]

Mashiro: ... And this is the cake that everyone brought.
LAYER (Rei): Whoa, the photo's taken so prettily. How nice. All of you look like you're having fun.
LAYER (Rei): ... Ah, this item on your shelf. It's so cute. It's a squirrel-shaped... What is this?
Mashiro: Um, it's a coin bank. There's a fluffy character like this... and this is one of its goods.
Mashiro: When you put money into it, the tail moves.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. That might be a little fun.
Mashiro: It is...! Whenever I have change in my wallet, I end up giving it to this little one.
Mashiro: It looks kind of happy, and it's so cute...
LAYER (Rei): Right. I guess it feels like giving food to a pet.
LAYER (Rei): You must save lots of money with a cute coin bank like that.
Mashiro: Um, actually... Once it gets full, I tend to buy snacks and the like...
Mashiro: I know I should hold back from spending.
LAYER (Rei): Ahaha, I see. I think that's totally fine, though.
Mashiro: Huh...?
LAYER (Rei): If you think of it as treating yourself, it's fine now and then. Of course, wasting your money isn't good.
LAYER (Rei): You want to praise yourself for working hard, right?
Mashiro: ...! LAYER-san, do you also treat yourself...?
LAYER (Rei): Of course. I'll buy my favorite drink after working really hard in practice.
LAYER (Rei): That's why I understand how you feel pretty well.
Mashiro: I-I see... That makes me feel a little relieved.
LAYER (Rei): Fufu. Thank goodness... Ah, it's about time for me to go.
LAYER (Rei): I'm sorry I suddenly started talking to you about so much. The other day, LOCK was saying how it was your birthday.
Mashiro: N-not at all... It's okay. I'm glad I got to talk with you.
LAYER (Rei): Wow, really? So am I. Well, once again. Happy Birthday, Mashiro-chan.
LAYER (Rei): I hope your next year is a lovely one.
Mashiro: O-okay... Thank you very much!
