1706_Mashiro Kurata_R5 The Path I Lit

Gacha phrase: Maybe we were able to help them take their first step.

<Lunch First, Then Practice>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Hmmm~, opening ceremonies are awesome! Check out the time! It's not even lunchtime~.
Nanami: Getting to go home this early is so exciting. It makes me feel like I can do anything I want~.
Toko: You said it~. So, wanna go somewhere? There's this outfit I just have to have~.
Tsukushi: Ohh~. We're practicing after this, so we don't have time to play around!
Mashiro: Right... We decided to work hard to win the GBT and participate in the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Nanami: Oh? That flare in your eyes. Shiro-chan, you must be fired up~.
Mashiro: Do you think so...? I can't really tell myself...
Rui: True. Kurata-san may be more proactive today than she normally is.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it... Mashiro-chan is the one who said she wanted to take part in the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Toko: That was seriously a nice idea! It's only a matter of time before Tsukinomori becomes Morfonica Kingdom~.
Nanami: Ahaha. There you go again~.
Tsukushi: But the Tsukinomori Music Festival, huh~? Hearing about it makes me feel a little nostalgic for when we participated.
Mashiro: Yeah... After Rui-san joined, that was our first concert.
Mashiro: Do you remember... how our band name became Morfonica back then?
Tsukushi: Of course I do~! Until then, we had temporarily named ourselves Tsukinomori.
Toko: That means the music festival was our first concert as Morfonica! That was seriously a commemorative show!
Nanami: I remember that, too~. Toko-chan and Tsu-chan were both really nervous before we went on stage~.
Tsukushi & Toko: I wasn't nervous! I was not nervous!
Nanami: You two are so in sync~.
Rui: If I recall, Kurata-san was composed. I remember that being unexpected.
Mashiro: Yeah... At the time, making the concert a success wasn't really on my mind... I was only thinking of showing everyone our performance.
Mashiro: Even now, I can remember it clearly as if it happened yesterday.
Mashiro: I was standing on stage... and all of your sounds supported me. And I could see... a road that led to a sparkling world.
Mashiro: I thought, "This is where our journey starts."
Nanami: Yeah... I won't ever forget how it felt when our feelings became one back then~.
Tsukushi: A lot has happened since then. We've taken part in lots of concerts at CiRCLE.
Rui: We also participated in the Blue Sky Band Contest.
Toko: And the Super TOKO Collection too! Actually, we've been super active, haven't we?
Nanami: Mhmm. We experienced so much, so it feels like we've gotten stronger as a band.
Toko: Oh yeah~. I was always great at the guitar, but now I'm super famous as Toko, the legendary guitarist~!
Tsukushi: Legendary guitarist...? No one calls you that. You really are so overdramatic.
Mashiro: But... I think we've grown...!
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan...
Mashiro: W-well... in my case... it might've only been... just a little bit...
Toko: Shiro~! That's the point where you're supposed to confidently declare~... "I've grown!"
Nanami: That's right. We've all grown a lot~! Isn't that right, Rui-rui?
Rui: Yes. Compared to back then, our skills have certainly increased.
Mashiro: ... Yeah!
Tsukushi: Fufu... Then we'll have to show everyone how much we've grown at the next Tsukinomori Music Festival!
Nanami: Let's show even more people how great Morfonica is~!
Toko: Alrighty~. Let's turn Tsukinomori into Morfonica Kingdom~!
Mashiro: Toko-chan... You really do like saying that...
Rui: Everyone. You keep discussing the Tsukinomori Music Festival, but you have not forgotten we have the GBT before that, have you?
Toko: There's no way we would! After all, we're aiming to win first prize!
Tsukushi: Yeah! Now that that's settled, let's buckle down and practic-
All: ...
Mashiro: Now that I think about it... we haven't had lunch yet.
Nanami: Ahaha~. We were so immersed in our conversation that we forgot about it~.
Toko: Alrighty! Let's have our lunches first!
Tsukushi: Okay, everyone. Are you ready? Palms together~...
All: Let's eat! Let us eat.


<Working toward New Goals>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Mashiro: Marina-san... Hello.
Marina: Mashiro-chan! It's nice to see you. What brings you here today?
Mashiro: U-um... I'd like to put in some practice now... Is a studio available?
Marina: Ah, one just opened up. It'll be ready soon, so could you wait a little bit?
Mashiro: Okay... Thank you very much.
Marina: But this is rare. Don't you always practice at Nanami-chan's atelier?
Mashiro: Um, I'm not here for band practice today... I'm practicing on my own.
Mashiro: I'm a second-year student now, and I have a goal I want to achieve, so...
Marina: Ah, I see. So you're a second-year student now. Congratulations!
Mashiro: Thank you very much.
Marina: Fufu. It sounds like your second year is off to a good start if you already have a goal.
Mashiro: I-it does...? ... But you have a point. I do sort of feel like working hard.
Mashiro: Uh... The other day, we all decided to aim for first prize in the GBT, and also participate in the Tsukinomori Music Festival again...
Marina: The GBT is that tournament-style event that Ran-chan and the others are also participating in, right?
Marina: So you want to take first prize, huh~? I can't root for Morfonica only, but... I hope you get good results.
Mashiro: Yeah...
Marina: Also, is the Tsukinomori Music Festival one of the events at your school?
Mashiro: Ah, the Tsukinomori Music Festival is... a concert the school holds annually for students who play instruments, like those in the choir or brass band.
Mashiro: When we were first-year students, we participated right after forming Morfonica... And we decided we'd take part in it again this year.
Marina: Wow. That concert must be pretty big if all the students at the school are participating.
Mashiro: It is... That's why we want to put on as good of a performance as we can for it...
Mashiro: By doing that, I hope our music will help when other people take their first steps.
Marina: Help others take their first steps?
Mashiro: The thing is, Nanami-chan told me something... Apparently, there are a lot of Tsukinomori students who started bands after seeing our shows.
Mashiro: And on the day of the opening ceremony, there were students with instruments all around the school.
Marina: That's incredible! That means you girls were what inspired other students to start their own bands, right?
Mashiro: Do you think so...? But, if that's true, then...
Mashiro: It'd be nice if we could encourage people who want to start bands with our music at the upcoming Tsukinomori Music Festival...
Marina: Mhmm. You'll have to do your best to put on a great performance at the festival, then.
Mashiro: ... Right!
Marina: ... Ah. It looks like the studio's ready. You're okay to go on in.
Mashiro: Thank you. Then I'll talk to you again later.
Marina: Okay. See you then!
