1801_Mashiro Kurata_R5 Sunset Droplets

Gacha phrase: Th-that's... not true...

<Source of Courage>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba)

[Shibuya Station]

Toko: Alrighty. We're really gonna have some fun today!
Nanami: Ooh~. Toko-chan's raring to go~.
Tsukushi: She couldn't come last time, so she seemed disappointed. She was really eager when she suggested our plans for today.
Mashiro: Fufu. Right. It would've been great if Rui-san had been able to come too...
Toko: Seriously! She's such a killjoy to not come even though we invited her! Next time, we'll drag her along if we have to!
Nanami: Ahaha... Well, Rui-rui must have her own plans, so there's not much we can do, is there~?
Tsukushi: That's right. You can't make unreasonable demands.
Toko: Ahh, yeah, yeah. I know.
Toko: Well, let's set Rui aside for now. Last time, your guys' goal was to cheer up Shiro when she was feeling down, right?
Mashiro: Y-yeah, that's right...
Toko: Then, the only thing to do today is simply have fun! After all, I'm here too, y'know?
Mashiro: P-please, go easy on us...
Toko: Alrighty! Let's get goin'!
Tsukushi: Hey, Toko-chan! Wait~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Restaurant]

Toko: That knick-knack shop just now was pretty great, wasn't it?
Tsukushi: Yeah! There were so many cute accessories, I couldn't decide which one to buy.
Mashiro: Toko-chan, you sure know a lot of different shops. We went to loads of the ones we couldn't get to last time...
Nanami: Mhm. Last time was like a beginner's guide to Shibuya, but this time, it felt like we made it to the intermediate level.
Tsukushi: Fufu. Right. I have to say, you really must love Fairy Legends to go to the shop again even though we went last time.
Mashiro: Umm... My loving it is definitely a part of it, but there was something I wanted to buy there today...
Toko: There was?
Nanami: Now that you mention it, you seemed to be making a serious face while choosing something... So, what did you buy~?
Mashiro: U-umm... It's these... If you'd like, I'd love for you all to have them.
Toko: Hm? Are these... straps?
Mashiro: Yeah... They're characters from Fairy Legends, and I chose them for all of you based on your personalities...
Tsukushi: I see! Say, what kind of character is the one I got?
Mashiro: That character can be a tiny bit careless, but they're a really hard worker.
Toko: Ahaha. Being careless suits Fusuke to a tee!
Tsukushi: Ohh~, don't laugh! ... Wait. Mashiro-chan, does that mean you think of me that way, too?!
Mashiro: Huh? Umm. Ahaha...
Tsukushi: Ah! You laughed it off!
Nanami: Shiro-chan, Shiro-chan. What kind of characters are ours?
Mashiro: Umm... Nanami-chan, yours is kind and cares about their friends. Toko-chan, yours is like the life of the party.
Nanami: They care about their friends... Fufu. So that's how you see me.
Toko: Oh man! The life of the party literally describes me! That's our Shiro. You totally get it~♪
Mashiro: Rui-san's character is really aloof, but they actually love sweets.
Nanami: Aloof and loves sweets, huh~? That does seem like Rui-rui.
Tsukushi: Fufu. You may want to keep the loving sweets part a secret from her.
Toko: Good point! Even if you tell her that, I bet she'd be all, "That is not true."
Mashiro: Ahaha. Umm... So, uh... What do you all think? If you hate them...
Tsukushi: We don't hate them! Mine makes me so happy.
Nanami: Mhm. Thanks, Shiro-chan♪
Mashiro: Thank goodness... I hope Rui-san will accept hers, too...
Toko: Don't worry. Even if she refuses it, you can just force it on her!
Mashiro: Huh?! I-I can't do that~!
Nanami: But why are you giving these to us?
Mashiro: Actually... the reason I gifted them to you is also for my own sake...
Tsukushi: What do you mean it's for your own sake?
Mashiro: I want to have matching items with the people who will be with me... so I can move forward as a Tsukinomori student...
Mashiro: Because... it feels like the thought of you all having those items with you will give me courage, even if you're not close by...
Nanami & Tsukushi: Shiro-chan... Mashiro-chan...
Tsukushi: Then, let's buy some other matching items.
Nanami: Pen cases or accessory cases might be nice~.
Toko: If that's what we're doing, wouldn't it be better to go with something more straightforward? Like~... what about we all get matching hairstyles?!
Tsukushi: Ohh, Toko-chan! That's not what she's talking about!
Mashiro: ... Fufu.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<To Express My Love>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE Café]

Marina: Now then. We've finished the concert preparations, so why don't we take a little break? ... Huh? Isn't that person over there...
Mashiro: Hmm. I wonder what I should order...
Marina: Mashiro-chan, hello!
Mashiro: Eek!! M-Marina-san, {{userName}}-san...
Marina: Sorry to have startled you. Are you off today?
Mashiro: Yes. That's because the GBT is over.
Marina: I see. I'm sure you did your best. Was Afterglow... as formidable as you thought?
Mashiro: Yes. We put on a concert that we were sure was a good one. But Afterglow's performance was even more amazing than that.
Mashiro: I don't know how to put it, but it was like they were carrying something different with them... That's what it felt like.
Marina: What they're carrying is different, huh...?
Mashiro: Ah, that's just what it felt like to me anyway...
Marina: I see, I see. Setting aside the result, it's great you and the others could put on your own good concert.
Mashiro: Yeah... Plus, something tells me it was a concert that we got something big from...
Mashiro: Our GBT has ended, but... we've got to do our best for the next concert.
Marina: ...
Mashiro: Ah...! S-sorry for saying something so cocky...!
Marina: No, it wasn't. I was just thinking that you're more positive than usual.
Mashiro: D-do you think so...?
Marina: I think not dragging out what's finished and turning it into strength as you move forward is really important. Have you already decided what you'll do for your next concert?
Mashiro: The concert that we have the biggest goal for is the Tsukinomori Music Festival.
Marina: Is that a concert at your school?
Mashiro: Yeah. We're thinking of making it a concert where we can convey our feelings of loving our band and Tsukinomori.
Marina: Fufu. You really are different today. Did the GBT turn into a good opportunity for you?
Mashiro: U-umm, actually, it's not as wonderful a reason as that, but...
Mashiro: Recently, I had the chance to speak with the chairwoman, and at the time, she said I hadn't become a Tsukinomori student yet...
Mashiro: I could barely respond then, and I was really frustrated with myself.
Marina: So something like that happened... There certainly are times when you can't put things into words.
Mashiro: It made me wonder if the chairwoman was right and I hadn't become a Tsukinomori student yet...
Mashiro: But enrolling at Tsukinomori and meeting everyone in Morfonica let me change.
Mashiro: So, I want to express how much I love Tsukinomori for changing me and my idea of a Tsukinomori student to the chairwoman and everyone through our concert.
Mashiro: Or something like that... I'm sorry for having a reason like that...
Marina: You don't have to apologize for that. I'm sure some students will realize they can change and will get the courage to do so after seeing your concert.
Mashiro: I hope they think that... No. I'll do my best so that they do...!
Marina: Fufu. Now I'm looking forward to your next concert even more.
