1863_Mashiro Kurata_R5 Stand Tall

Gacha phrase: Wow! There's even roast beef and beef stew...!

<The Manners Quiz>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Mashiro: Huh? You made a notebook for me to study formal manners...?
Tsukushi: Yep! We can use this to practice together today!
Mashiro: Wow... There are so many pages... I didn't know there were so many rules to follow when eating... I wonder if I can remember them all...
Tsukushi: Don't worry! As long as you have this notebook I made, you'll definitely remember.
Nanami: Whoa~, your notes have drawings, and they're super easy to follow~. These are really well done.
Tsukushi: Heh heh, making notes like these comes naturally to me.
Rui: We have nearly forty minutes until practice begins... Please make sure that we start on time.
Tsukushi: We will! We'll make sure to finish before then.
Nanami: Guys~, mind if I joined the study session so I can review formal manners too~? I may have forgotten some.
Mashiro: Sure, but... you forget things?
Nanami: All the time~. Hey, Rui-rui, why don't you study with us?
Rui: No, thank you. I have a book I would like to finish reading.
Nanami: Oh? Okay.
Tsukushi: Let's get started. Mashiro-chan, please open to the first page...
(Black cut)
Tsukushi: ... So, that's the gist of it. How's that? Do you think you've got it?
Mashiro: Y-yes, maybe...
Toko: Morning~! Whoa, you guys are here already.
Nanami: Ah, Toko-chan. You're unusually early today~.
Toko: Hrm? What are you guys looking at in that notebook?
Mashiro: Tsukushi-chan was teaching me about formal manners. I'm nervous about going to the Christmas party...
Toko: Oh~, those. They're so annoying~. But it's not good to think too much about them!
Toko: The most important thing to do at a party is to have fun! And you can't have fun if all you're thinking about is which manners to follow~.
Mashiro: B-but... it would be really embarrassing if everyone around me knew what to do... b-but I didn't...
Nanami: You don't have to worry so much~. I think you've got a pretty good idea of what to do now anyway~.
Tsukushi: She's right! You've remembered the manners little by little, so have some confidence!
Mashiro: Ohh... B-but on the day of the party, I might get so nervous about being there that I'll forget what I've learned...
Toko: All right, then you need to be tested! Quiz time! Let's see how many manners you remember!
Toko: I'll throw some questions at you, so give me all the right answers!
Mashiro: Huh?! I-I can't do that...!
Toko: If you get one wrong, you'll get punished! You'll have to~... take a picture of yourself making a funny face~!
Mashiro: Whaaat~?!
(Black cut)

[Ten Minutes Later]

Tsukushi: Wow, you're doing amazing! You've gotten four questions right so far!
Nanami: Yep, you remember well~! Keep it up~.
Mashiro: Ohh... I've answered right so far... but the thought of being punished if I make a mistake is making me even more nervous...
Toko: Seems like you know your stuff. All right, here's the next question!
Toko: Question five! You can put food on a plate you've already used, yes or no?
Mashiro: I think... that was at the beginning of Tsukushi-chan's notes...
Tsukushi: You can do it, Mashiro-chan!
Mashiro: Um, I think... you can't. You should have to get a new plate...
Toko: That's right~! You really studied well! Looks like you won't have to worry about being punished after all.
Rui: Practice begins in five minutes. We should start getting ready.
Toko: We know, we know. Okay, here's the last question!
Toko: What should you do to avoid getting your hands and the table wet with liquid from your drinking glass?
Mashiro: Um... I-I don't think I remember...
Toko: Uh-oh, are you finally going to get one wrong~? If you do, you'll be punished~.
Mashiro: Ohh... I don't want to be punished... but I can't remember... Wh-what should I do~...?
Mashiro: ...
Tsukushi: ...? Mashiro-chan?
Mashiro: Um... Would it be okay if I asked Tsukushi-chan for a hint...?
Toko: Excuse me~? I can't believe you asked that. This is a test. Of course, you can't ask for hints!
Mashiro: B-but Tsukushi-chan will be at the party with me when we go, so I could ask her for help if I didn't know what to do...
Toko: No, no, no! You're always too quick to rely on others~.
Nanami: Now, now~. It wouldn't hurt to give her a little hint, would it~?
Tsukushi: Yeah, c'mon! At a party, you can look at others to see what to do... And I'm sure Mashiro-chan would feel more confident if she got all the questions right!
Toko: Well, I guess when you put it that way. Okay, I will allow a hint!
Tsukushi: Isn't that great, Mashiro-chan?! All right, here's a hint!
Tsukushi: There's a thin thing near your plate and silverware that you can use!
Mashiro: ... Ah! I can use a paper napkin...?
Toko: That's right~!
Mashiro: I-I did it...! I did it, Tsukushi-chan...!
Tsukushi: Congratulations!
Nanami: Great job! Now you're all ready for the party, right?
Mashiro: I don't know... I still feel like I'm going to forget everything once I'm actually there...
Mashiro: But I think I feel a little more confident after being tested.
Tsukushi: Fufu, good.
Rui: Are you finished? It is time to begin.
Mashiro: Yes, we're done. Let's start practice.
(Black cut)
(Background change)


<Gratitude for Kindness Shown>

(Character: Mashiro Kurata)

[CiRCLE - Lobby]

Marina: Phew, now the lobby is all clean. Thanks for helping.
Marina: Well, I guess we should get back to the reception desk.
Mashiro: ... Ah, Marina-san, {{userName}}-san, h-hi.
Marina: Hi, Mashiro-chan. Hrm? Did you reserve a studio today?
Mashiro: N-no. I happened to be nearby, so I came over.
Marina: I see. Please help yourself to whatever you need.
Mashiro: Um... I, um...
Marina: ...? Is everything okay?
Mashiro: Th-thank you for everything...!
Marina: Huh? What makes you say that all of a sudden? Did we do something?
Mashiro: U-um, you always say hi, and speak kindly to me, and check if I'm having trouble with the equipment...
Mashiro: And you ask how I'm doing like this, um... It really means a lot to me.
Mashiro: You both always help me with so much... but I'm not sure if I've been thanking you well, so I wanted to let you know...
Marina: So that's what this is all about. Thank you for everything, too.
Marina: Fufu, you're such a good kid~.
Mashiro: I-I don't think so...
Mashiro: ... Recently, I realized maybe I've gotten too used to relying on others all the time.
Mashiro: I've gotten where I am today because I have people around me who will help me... I am so lucky...
Mashiro: When I thought about it that way, I felt like I just had to tell those people just how much I appreciate them...
Mashiro: So I wanted to make sure I thanked you two, and I...
Marina: It's true. Sometimes, we forget to thank the people closest to us. We'll have to follow your lead.
Mashiro: Huh?! F-follow my lead...?
Marina: Fufu, you don't have to be so humble. We're really happy you wanted to tell us that. Aren't we?
Mashiro: R-really...?
Mashiro: Um, I... I'm sure there will be many things I can't do on my own in the future... so... would it be okay if I counted on you to help me again...?
Marina: Of course! You can come to us for anything you need or anytime you want to talk.
Mashiro: Th-thank you...!
Mashiro: Phew... I'm glad I could tell you how I felt.
Mashiro: U-um, well, I'll be on my way, then. Thank you again for being so kind...!
