event212-01 Opening: A Party Uncontested

The girls wait with bated breath as the second round GBT results are announced.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Girls Band Battle Tournament - 2nd Round Venue]

Host: I will now announce the bands advancing to the third round of the Girls Band Battle Tournament.
Host: Entry number ten, "My Nonsense World." Entry number thirty-four, "Stardust Meteor Shower."
Toko: C'mon, c'mon, c'mon! C'mon Morfonica!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, quiet.
Host: Entry number fifty-five, "Morfonica."
Morfonica: ...!
Host: Entry number sixty-one, "Aozora Labyrinth." Entry number seventy, "Red & White."
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Shopping District]

Toko: Sigh, we've totally got this tournament won! It's like this is the start of the hundredth chapter of The Legend of Morfonica!
Tsukushi: Fufu! It's too early to say we've won, but I'm sure we'll be able to do it!
Tsukushi: After all, we were the ones who performed the best on stage today!
Toko: Exactly~. So, do you wanna do our victory parade now? We can fire off a bunch of fireworks and really spice it up!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, watch your surroundings. You are inconveniencing others.
Nanami: Toko-chan, you're sure in a good mood~. It feels like you've been frolicking since the announcement ended.
Mashiro: She's even been taking multiple pictures to commemorate our win.
Rui: I cannot imagine taking that many photos to be necessary. I believe a single photo would suffice.
Toko: You just don't get it, Rui~. When you get pumped up, you snap a pic! Obviously!
Toko: Plus, not seeing different shots of us online after we won would be a loss for mankind, right?
Mashiro: Isn't that too large of a scale...?
Nanami: But it really is great that we made it to the third round. It's all thanks to the audience~.
Rui: Indeed. In the Girls Band Battle Tournament... or rather, GBT, we are judged by the members of the venue's audience.
Rui: I am sure the reason we have advanced this far is because they have embraced our performances.
Toko: That means that by the time we win, everyone across the globe will be Morfonica peeps, right?
Toko: Oh my gosh! I just got hyped again...! Thanks for finding us such a stellar event, Nanami!
Nanami: Don't mention it. I was the one that said I wanted to take part in a different kind of live event than normal. So I'm glad you liked it~.
Tsukushi: Well then, why don't we get going? We have school tomorrow, so we should get home soon.
Toko: Hold on! Before we do that, there's something we gotta talk about!
Mashiro: There is...?
Toko: I'm talking about the celebration party! Let's party it up to celebrate making it to the third round!
Mashiro: So we're having another one. After the first round, we had a party to celebrate us making it to the second round... Are we going to have a party each time?
Toko: You bet! Stuff like this can be done as many times as we want!
Toko: By the way. Since Valentine's Day is coming soon, wouldn't a chocolate exchange be great too?
Nanami: Does that mean... it'd be a Valentine's Day party?!
Nanami: Yay!! A Valentine's Day party! We're gonna have an actual Valentine's Day party, Rui-rui!
Rui: Is it something to get that excited over?
Nanami: It is~. Not only is it exchanging chocolates with friends, it's also a party. That's totally something normal teenagers do~!
Rui: I see. Although I do not understand it, I have no objection to having a party.
Toko: Oh, what's this? Rui, are you lookin' forward to the party too?
Rui: That is not the case. I am merely stating that I do not oppose having a celebration party as I believe it has meaning.
Rui: I have previously witnessed how such respites provide positive influences on the band.
Tsukushi: I-I see~. So that's why you didn't say anything about the party for the first round.
Toko: Well, anyway. We're settled on doing a Valentine's Day party!
Tsukushi: Chocolates, huh~...? What should I make this year? I can't decide~.
Toko: Fusuke, do you make yours by hand too? You're just like me!
Mashiro: Huh...? Toko-chan, you can make chocolates? That's kind of unexpected...
Toko: Whaddya mean it's unexpected? Ahhh~. I get it~. You must not know about my greatness, huh~?
Toko: My chocolates are seriously god-tier! Once you eat one, you'll be so touched you'll bawl your eyes out!
Tsukushi: Wow, so you're that good? Then why don't we make our chocolates together? It'd be more fun to work as a pair rather than alone.
Toko: Fusuke, nice idea! I'm in~!
Nanami: Ahh, no fair~. You two are trying to do something fun on your own. Let me join, let me join~.
Toko: Oh, alright~. I'll make an exception just because it's you, okay~?
Nanami: Yay~! Toko-chan, you're so kind~.
Mashiro: Huh... So Nanami-chan's going to make her chocolate by hand too.
Tsukushi: Mashiro-chan. If you'd like, why not join us?
Mashiro: What?! That's impossible~. I've never really even made food before...
Tsukushi: Don't worry. If there's anything you don't know, I'll teach you!
Mashiro: Hrm~... Okay. In that case... I guess I'll give it a try.
Toko: Shiro's in too! What about you, Rui?
Rui: I will decline. We are permitted to provide commercially available chocolates, correct?
Nanami: Huh...? Rui-rui, you're not going to make yours?
Rui: Correct. That is because I do not believe the chocolates need to be handmade to be exchanged.
Rui: Investing effort into that is inefficient.
Toko: Well, I guess that's okay. A lotta my friends also give store-bought chocolates.
Toko: Anyway. Whether the chocolates are handmade or not, the party's still gonna be a blast, right?
Tsukushi: I suppose so... It's a shame, but let's make chocolate with just the four of us.
Rui: It seems you all understand. Well then, we should really be getting home now.
Tsukushi: Right. I'm starting to feel cold too. Why don't we discuss the schedule tomorrow?
Toko: Okay~. We're gonna make it the sickest Valentine's Day party ever~!
