event212-06 Chapter 5: Presentation of Proof

After completing the chocolate and set list, Rui and Toko find themselves alone.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[A Few Hours Later]

[Kirigaya Residence - Kitchen]

Tsukushi: I do this here and~... Okay, the wrapping is done!
Nanami: Good work, Tsu-chan. It looks like the rest of you are also done.
Mashiro: Yeah... There were a couple of times partway through when I wondered if I could do it, but I'm glad I was able to pull it off...
Toko: Ahh, oh man! I wanna show you guys my chocolates so much, I can't sit still...!
Toko: Y'see, I also put a lot of thought into my wrapping, and- Whoops! I'll keep the rest a secret~.
Nanami: Ahh~. Toko-chan, you've got a naughty look on your face.
Tsukushi: What kind of wrapping could you have used...? You were really stubborn about not showing us the entire time.
Toko: Obviously! That's because surprises are important. Rui, be careful not to get so surprised your eyes pop out of their sockets~!
Rui: More importantly, let us decide on a set list right away.
Toko: Did you just ignore me?!
Mashiro: She came here specifically for that, after all.
Tsukushi: Well then, why don't we head to Toko-chan's room? Let's work hard so we'll have a great set list~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Walking Home]

[Shopping District - Station Entrance]

Nanami: I'm so glad we came up with a set list we all agreed on~.
Tsukushi: I want to practice it right away! We'll definitely get the audience pumped up with that set list.
Toko: You said it~. We're bound to make it through the third round!
Tsukushi: And if we do, we'll be in the top sixteen, huh~? Fufu. That kinda has a nice ring to it!
Mashiro: But if we make it that far, we might go up against Afterglow, right...?
Nanami: And maybe RAS too... I never thought bands we know would be participating in the tournament.
Rui: The third round has not even started yet, so it does us no good to discuss what comes after it.
Rui: Let us first concentrate on what is right in front of us. Any talk of the top sixteen will come if and when we make it through the third round.
Tsukushi: R-right. I heard our next opponent is really talented... Let's stay focused!
Nanami: Well, Shiro and I are dropping by the bookstore, so we'll split off here. Bye-bye~!
Tsukushi: And my mom asked me to run an errand, so I'm heading this way. See you tomorrow~!
Toko: Bye-bye! You better not be late tomorrow!
Rui: Kirigaya-san, this is far enough. Thank you for the see-off.
Toko: Nah, I'll walk you to the station. Besides, I've got something I wanted to ask you!
Rui: What might that be?
Toko: Heh, heh, heh~. You might've said you reluctantly participated in our chocolate-making, but really, you had a lot of fun, didn't you?
Toko: I promise I won't tell anyone else. So just admit it to your pal Toko-san.
Rui: I was wondering what you might say... Sorry to disappoint you, but my opinion has not changed. There is no need to prepare handmade chocolates for the exchange.
Rui: Had you not told me the incorrect time, I would not have decided to make chocolates today.
Toko: I'm talking about how it felt actually giving it a try~! You were super focused while you were making them.
Toko: When you were double-boiling, you were oblivious to everything around you and stirred your chocolate the entire time.
Rui: It is food that other people will eat, so it is only natural that I concentrate.
Toko: Why do you have to say the same thing as my grandma~...?
Toko: Sigh... Fine, fine! In that case, I'll just have to show you proof!
Rui: Proof?
Toko: That's right. I actually snapped a perfectly-timed pic when you were focused~. You didn't notice, didja?
Toko: If I recall, it's in this picture folder~... Hm? Ahaha! This shot of Shiro is a total riot!
Rui: ...?
Toko: Look, check it out! This face she's making when she's double-boiling her chocolate! Doesn't she look like she's way too nervous?
Toko: She's freaking out so much that it almost looks like steam's coming off of her head~. It's like she's a boiling kettle!
Rui: ... When you put it like that, I suppose I can picture her as such.
Toko: I know, right~? I wonder if I've got any other funny pics~.
Rui: ...
Rui: You certainly have many photos of us.
Toko: Hm?
Rui: It is nothing. I merely noticed there are comparatively more photos of us than other photos.
Toko: Ahh, it happened without me even realizing.
Toko: It wasn't like this when we started the band. But at some point, I realized had nothing but Morfonica pics.
Rui: I see... Now that I consider it, that may be only natural.
Rui: It has been quite some time since we began our activities. I suppose it is only natural for the number of photos to increase.
Toko: Well, I guess you've got a point. But isn't it amazing? It's really rare for me to do the same thing for this long!
Toko: I really am crazy about the band~.
Toko: I think I can say that with confidence now!
Rui: I see... I hope you do not suddenly become bored by it.
Toko: You said it~. Well, I'm sure it'll be fine, right? All of you guys are super interesting!
Rui: I would have preferred that you said that about the music.
Toko: Obviously, that goes for the music too! Hey, more importantly, wanna drop by a café?
Toko: I'm getting cold, so I'm in the mood for something warm to drink~.
Rui: In that case, let us part ways here as I have a train time to make.
Toko: What~? You're such a killjoy! There's no problem in catching the next one!
Rui: Please do not force your schedule on me.
Toko: C'mon~. Let's go to a café~. I'm begging you!
Rui: Sigh...
(Black cut)
(Background change)
