event212-07 Ending: Subconscious Change

Valentine's Day. The exchange of chocolate begins.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Hiromachi Residence - Atelier]

Toko: Does everyone have a drink? Well then~... Cheers~!
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Nanami: Cheers~!
Nanami: Yay~! We're having a Valentine's Day party! An actual Valentine's Day party! Hey, let's hurry and exchange chocolates~!
Toko: You bet! Let's do it in no time flat!
Tsukushi: Then why don't we start right now? I'll go first!
Tsukushi: Ta-dah~! It's a glossy chocolate gateau that even my sisters would love!
Nanami & Toko: Ooh~.
Mashiro: How pretty... It's really lustrous...
Rui: You placed a coating of chocolate over the entire cake.
Tsukushi: Fufu, doesn't it look nice? I made a big one, so eat as much as you like.
Nanami: Okay, it's my turn next~. The chocolates I made~... are these~.
Mashiro: Whoa. The chocolates have caricatures of us drawn on them...
Rui: While they are distorted, you have captured our likenesses.
Toko: Oh man! These are totally the spitting images of us!
Nanami: I tried drawing them with a chocolate writing pen! Since I was giving them to all of you, I went all out~.
Tsukushi: You really are great at drawing, Nanami-chan~. It almost feels like it'd be a waste to eat them.
Rui: Would Kurata-san be next?
Mashiro: Ngh, going after Tsukushi-chan and Nanami-chan makes me nervous... Um, here's mine...
Tsukushi: Ah. This shape... Is this a marshmallow rabbit? That's your favorite character, isn't it?
Mashiro: It appears in a novel series called "Fairy Legends." I just happened to find a mold that was being sold.
Mashiro: I didn't know what kind of chocolates to give, so I thought I'd give everyone something I liked.
Toko: Wow. Nice choice, Shiro! Way to go~!
Nanami: This little one is like a cute bunny~.
Rui: Its ears are hanging down, so I suppose it must be a lop-eared breed.
Toko: Alrighty. Next up is finally the star of the show! First~... Feast your eyes on this wrapping~!
Mashiro: Huh? The pattern's illustrations... Are these you, Toko-chan?
Toko: Yeah! I talked to my designer and had them make this Valentine's Day wrapping.
Toko: I modeled it after the bronze statue of me that'll be erected at Tsukinomori in the future! Whaddya think? I bet you're stoked, huh?
Tsukushi: Wow... You'd go this far just because it's Valentine's Day...
Toko: Fu, fu, fu. The best is yet to come, y'know? When I open up the wrapping~... Ta-dah!!
Mashiro: Ah... Lollipop chocolates! They're so colorful and cute...
Rui: You have changed the decoration on each chocolate.
Nanami: That's so elaborate~. That's just what I'd expect from you, Toko-chan!
Toko: Well, I guess you could say it's an explosion of my skills. If this were a glamour contest, you can bet I'd be number one!
Nanami: Fufu. Are you sure about that~? We still have Rui-rui's chocolates waiting for us.
Rui: They are nothing worthy of that much expectation.
Toko: Oh, come on. You should be all, "I will be victorious," or something like that! You really have no sense for entertainment~.
Rui: I do not believe that is necessary. For the moment, these are my chocolates.
Toko: ...? Dice-shaped chocolates? Isn't that kinda plain?
Rui: That is why I told you they are not worthy of anticipation.
Tsukushi: They might be simple, but she put a lot of work into them.
Tsukushi: They've got a proper sheen, and I bet they've got a light taste, so I'm sure you couldn't get enough of them!
Rui: If I recall, they were light in taste when I sampled them.
Rui: This was thanks to Futaba-san and Hiromachi-san's thorough instruction on double-boiling. I do not believe I would have been able to accomplish this alone.
Nanami: Do you think so~? We only taught you the beginning steps. So I think it's mainly because of your own abilities.
Mashiro: Your chocolates are all bite-sized, so they seem easy to eat... Huh?
Mashiro: Are the chocolates you gave me a different color than the ones you gave Toko-chan...?
Rui: Kurata-san, you do not like chocolates with a high cacao percentage, correct? That is why I made yours with a robust sweetness.
Rui: Kirigaya-san, I made yours with a slight bitterness and added nuts. You prefer something with a proper texture, do you not?
Tsukushi: Huh? Wait. Rui-san, could it be... you've changed the flavor of each person's chocolates?
Rui: Yes, that is correct.
Nanami & Mashiro: ...!
Toko: Seriously?! You really went all out!
Rui: That is not necessarily the case. I am aware of all of your preferences from past experiences.
Rui: I merely reflected them in the chocolates.
Toko: Like~. I~. Said~! That's what you call going all out!
Mashiro: Rui-san... You thought of us when you made these...
Toko: Yeah, that! It's the same as my wrapping. You did all that because you thought it'd make us happy, right?
Rui: They are items that I am giving to others, so I believe it is only natural to think of that person when you make it.
Tsukushi: But if it was you back when we first met, I don't think you would've thought like that.
Nanami: Right~. You might not have thought to change the flavors for each person.
Tsukushi: Yeah... It might be slightly rude to say this, but the old Rui-san would probably think anything would be fine as long as it could be exchanged.
Toko: You said it~. But the current Rui totally thinks about us!
Toko: It's crazy how you haven't realized that yourself!
Rui: ...
Toko: More importantly, these Rui chocolates are super rare, right? Maybe I'll ask my grandma to place mine in our household shrine~.
Nanami: Aw~, let's eat them~. Rui-rui thought of us when she made them, after all.
Mashiro: I think... I'd like to eat mine right away too.
Toko: Hmm~. Yeah, I guess you're right! Well, let's take a picture first! Get your chocolates, gather around, and grab on~!
Tsukushi: Ohh~. Toko-chan, you're way too hyper. How are you supposed to take the picture if we grab onto you?
Rui: (... It was instinctive to the point that I did not notice it myself...)
Rui: (I suppose... they may be right. If I were my previous self, I am certain I...)
Toko: Rui~, if you don't hurry over here, we'll take the photo without you~.
Rui: ... Wait. I will be right there.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
