event212-04 Chapter 3: Chocolate Policy Decision

Things work out in a way, and the whole band starts making chocolate.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Kirigaya Residence - Kitchen]

Rui: So... which ingredients am I permitted to use? I would appreciate it if you told me in advance which ones you would prefer I not use.
Tsukushi: You don't have to worry about that. Use everything on this table as you like!
Nanami: We got excited and bought a lot, after all~. So actually, whatever you don't use might end up as leftovers.
Rui: I see. Then I shall use them freely.
Tsukushi: Okay! If you have any problems, let us know right away!
Rui: (... Now then. What kind of chocolates should I make?)
Mashiro: Sigh~. I'll never be done...
Rui: ... Kurata-san, that was a rather large sigh.
Mashiro: Ah. S-sorry... I can't chop the chocolate at all, so I couldn't help it...
Rui: ...? Have you been chopping this entire time?
Mashiro: I normally don't do any kind of cooking. So I'm not used to using a knife...
Mashiro: When I think about how I might cut my finger, it's hard for me to make any progress...
Rui: Knives are indeed dangerous utensils. However, they are safe as long as you do not misuse them.
Mashiro: That's true, but...
Toko: ... Alrighty. Now I'm done chopping my chocolate!
Toko: Sigh~, I'm beat... Huh? Shiro, are you still chopping your chocolate?
Mashiro: Y-yeah...
Toko: Don't you think you're goin' too slow? Go faster!
Mashiro: I can't~. If I could do that, I would've been doing that from the start...
Toko: Sure you can! Look...! I've already chopped this much.
Mashiro: Whoa. You've got one, two, three bowls... We started together, and yet you've already got so much...
Toko: Well, when you get to my level, something like this takes seconds!
Toko: You can't be like me right away. But if you believe in yourself, you'll be chopping in no time!
Mashiro: Would it go that well...?
Rui: ... Kirigaya-san, I believe you should chop yours again.
Toko: Huh? Why?
Rui: The chocolate you have chopped is uneven in size.
Rui: If it is like this, when you double-boil, there is a possibility that it will cluster together and make it harder to melt.
Toko: Seriously, this is fine! I'm a chocolate pro, y'know? I've got a sense for this stuff.
Toko: Anyway, Rui. You say the same stuff as my grandma. She always used to tell me to be more thorough back in the day~.
Rui: I believe that to be appropriate feedback.
Toko: No way, making food is all about feeling! Grabbing ingredients and throwing them together is the real thrill of cooking.
Toko: You and my grandma just don't get it~.
Toko's Grandmother: Everyone, is your chocolate-making coming along well? It has begun to smell sweet in here.
Toko: Ugh!
Mashiro: Ah, Toko-chan's grandmother.
Toko's Grandmother: I've made you some tea, so I'll leave it for you here. Please have some when you take a break.
Rui: Thank you very much.
Toko: Th-that's my grandma! You're so thoughtful~. Oh, you brought karinto! Talk about good taste!
Toko's Grandmother: ... Toko, you're hiding something, aren't you?
Toko: Urk! Oh, come on~. There's no way.
Toko's Grandmother: The only time you flatter me is when you're hiding something... Show me those bowls.
Toko: Huh? Wait, these are, uh~...
Toko's Grandmother: These sizes... They're completely uneven! How often must I tell you this leads to lumps when you double-boil?!
Toko's Grandmother: Don't I always tell you to be thorough with food that others will eat?!
Toko: I-I'll do them over! I'll start over right away!
Toko's Grandmother: Yes, you most certainly will! Come now, I'll keep watch over you. So get started this instant!
Toko: Yes, ma'am~...
Rui: ... How peculiar. Kirigaya-san's grandmother is a very grounded person. So why is it that Kirigaya-san grew to be her polar opposite?
Mashiro: Ngh, Toko-chan's grandmother is scary... I have to be careful to make mine even too.
Toko's Grandmother: Do you think this is uniform?! Do it again!
Toko: Seriously~? Gimme a break, ma'am~!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
