event212-03 Chapter 2: Temporal Misunderstanding

Toko tells Rui when to show up to work on the set list. However...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[The Next Day - Break Time]

[Tsukinomori Girls' Academy - Class 1C]

Toko: "Then I'll meet up with you at two o'clock~." And send~.
Rui: ... What are you doing in my seat?
Toko: Ah, Rui! You're finally here! Where did you go?
Rui: I had my last class elsewhere. So, why might you be in my classroom, Kirigaya-san?
Toko: After you left yesterday, we picked a time to choose our set list. So I came to tell you! I hope you appreciate it~.
Rui: I see. What time did you decide?
Toko: The time is~... Wait, what time was it? Hmmm~?
Rui: If you have forgotten, you can tell me when you have recalled the time.
Toko: Hold on a sec! It's on the tip of my tongue! If I remember correctly~... Ah, two o'clock! We're meeting at my place at two.
Rui: Understood. We will be meeting at your house this Saturday at two o'clock.
Toko: Make sure you're not late~! Later...!
Rui: ... She is as boisterous as ever.
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[The Weekend - Saturday]

[Kirigaya Residence - Kimono Shop]

Rui: Good day. Is Toko-san present?
Toko's Grandmother: Oh, Yashio-san. I have not seen you in a while. I believe the last time was the summer festival.
Rui: It is a pleasure to see you. Thank you again for your assistance with dressing in my yukata.
Toko's Grandmother: How kind of you to say so. I will lead you to the others now, so please follow me.
Toko's Grandmother: They have been here since about an hour ago.
Rui: (An hour ago...?)
(Black cut)
(Background change)

[Kirigaya Residence - Kitchen]

Toko's Grandmother: Here they are. Now then, please enjoy yourself.
Rui: ...
Toko: Huh? Rui? Why're you here?
Rui: You instructed me to be here at this time.
Mashiro: What...? But we're picking our set list from four o'clock. We're making chocolates right now...
Rui: So it would appear.
Nanami: Did you... get the time wrong?
Toko: Seriously? You really goofed it! That's totally wild considering you're always picky about the time!
Rui: I am certain that you informed me we were starting at two o'clock.
Tsukushi: Right... There's no way Rui-san would get the time wrong. Toko-chan, did you actually tell her four o'clock?
Toko: What're you talking about?! There's no way I'd get the time wrong.
Nanami: Now, now. Try recalling when you told Rui-rui the time.
Toko: Hmmm~... Rui wasn't around at the time. So I was messaging my designer and~... Ah.
Toko: Crud. Two o'clock is the time I'm meeting my designer on another day.
Tsukushi: Toko-chan~...
Toko: I-I can't help it! I got a message from my designer.
Toko: More importantly, all Rui had to do was come back to her seat before I started chatting with my designer, right?
Toko: If she had, I probably wouldn't have gotten the time wrong. So it's her fault!
Nanami: Toko-chan... What you're saying is definitely unreasonable~.
Tsukushi: What should we do...? Should we hold off on the chocolate-making for now and choose our set list first?
Toko: Aww~, but I feel like making chocolate right now.
Tsukushi: Ohh~, you're so selfish. If we do that, we'll make Rui-san wait for us!
Rui: ... Fine. I shall join you in making chocolates.
Mashiro & Tsukushi & Nanami: Huh?!
Mashiro: A-are you sure? You weren't interested in it before...
Rui: I do not have a choice. It would be a waste of time for me to do nothing as I wait for all of you to finish making your chocolates.
Rui: I was planning to purchase my own chocolates after choosing our set list anyhow.
Rui: If I prepare them now, I can use the time I would have spent buying them toward practicing on my own. So that would be more efficient.
Toko: Hmm? In other words... does that mean you wanna make chocolates with us? Is that all~? Just say so sooner~!
Nanami: Fufu. This kind of feels like an accident, but I'm so glad you're joining us, Rui-rui!
Mashiro: Me too. Rui-san, let's do our best.
Tsukushi: Now all of Morfonica is here! Alrighty! Once again, let's get to makin' some chocolates!
Mashiro & Toko & Nanami: Yeah~!!
