event212-05 Chapter 4: Please Advise

While making chocolate, Rui senses she is being watched. She looks behind...

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Kirigaya Residence - Kitchen]

Rui: Phew...
Rui: (I have now finished chopping the chocolate. Next is...)
Toko's Grandmother: Do it again. It's still not even.
Toko: Again~? I'll never finish at this rate... Tell her, Shiro~!
Mashiro: What?! Th-there's nothing for me to say~.
Rui: (Kirigaya-san is still receiving firsthand instruction from her grandmother. And it would appear Kurata-san has yet to finish chopping her chocolate.)
Nanami & Tsukushi: Stare~.
Rui: ... Futaba-san. Hiromachi-san. It is concerning for you to stand behind me like that.
Nanami: Ah, busted.
Tsukushi: Ahaha... We, uh, got curious to know what kind of chocolates you're making.
Nanami: The two of us just finished making ours, so we came to take a peek at yours.
Rui: I am not making anything particularly special.
Rui: I have just finished chopping my chocolate, so I will double-boil it and pour it in this mol-
Tsukushi: Ahh, wait, wait!
Nanami: Don't say anything more than that~!
Rui: ...? You both said you were curious to know what kind of chocolates I would be making, did you not?
Tsukushi: Yeah, we did, but... I guess you could say we want to keep it as a surprise for tomorrow's party.
Nanami: It's not just yours. We want to enjoy the thrill of waiting to see what everyone made to the very last minute~.
Rui: Is that so? I doubt there will be a change based on the timing for when you see it.
Tsukushi: That's not true! So make sure you also look forward to finding out what kind of chocolates we made.
Tsukushi: Because I made something really delicious!
Nanami: Ohh~. Tsu-chan, you're brimming with confidence~.
Tsukushi: Of course! The batter baked really well too.
Rui: Batter...? Would that mean you have made a cake?
Tsukushi: Yeah! It's a glossy chocolate gateau!
Nanami: Huh? Tsu-chan...?
Tsukushi: Agh~! That didn't count! Forget I said anything~!
Rui: That would be difficult.
Nanami: Ahaha... But you said you've made a chocolate gateau at home before, right?
Tsukushi: Yeah... I've been making our household snacks recently, and that's gotten rave reviews from my sisters.
Tsukushi: They asked me multiple times to make it again, so I wanted all of you to try it too...
Nanami: Wow. So it's that majorly popular~. I can't wait~!
Nanami: We already found out what you made, but I'm still plenty excited~!
Tsukushi: Really? Thank goodness~...
Tsukushi: Ah. Speaking of which, I have something I wanted to ask you, Nanami-chan. Do you normally make sweets and the like?
Nanami: No. I've hardly ever baked before.
Tsukushi: I see... You were really skillful, considering that.
Tsukushi: I can't believe a beginner could double-boil chocolate that quickly and thoroughly...
Tsukushi: Melting the chocolate while the water is still hot is pretty hard, you know?
Rui: Did you practice ahead of time?
Nanami: No, I didn't~. But I guess I did research online on how to make chocolate.
Nanami: I found a site with detailed instructions, so that was a big help.
Tsukushi: Huh? So you got that good just by looking it up...
Tsukushi: You really are amazing, Nanami-chan.
Nanami: No, I'm not. I just have a knack for memorizing how to do things.
Rui: Futaba-san is saying that is what is so amazing about you.
Rui: Incidentally, I have a favor to ask both of you.
Nanami & Tsukushi: You do?
Rui: Could I ask you to instruct me on the method for double-boiling?
Rui: I have gone through the process in classes several times long ago... but it has been some time since then, so I would like you to check my work.
Nanami & Tsukushi: ...
Rui: Futaba-san? Hiromachi-san?
Tsukushi: Ah, sorry. I was surprised because I didn't think you would ask us for a favor.
Nanami: It feels like... we just witnessed an amazing moment!
Tsukushi: I'm fired up...! Rui-san, you can count on us! We'll teach you perfectly!
Rui: Thank you.
Tsukushi: Okay, first, heat the water to fifty degrees Celsius-
Tsukushi: Hey, I know! I'll also teach you a secret trick while I'm at it! There's a way to tell that the water's at fifty degrees without a thermometer.
Nanami: Ah, Tsu-chan, that's not fair~! I'm gonna teach Rui-rui a secret trick too~.
Rui: ... I only want you to teach me the method for double-boiling.
(Black cut)
(Background change)
