event212-02 Chapter 1: Valentine’s Day at Tsukinomori

With the party date set, the topic shifts to Valentine's Day at Tsukinomori.

(Character: Mashiro Kurata, Toko Kirigaya, Nanami Hiromachi, Tsukushi Futaba, Rui Yashio)

[Café]

Toko: Okay, so we've settled on making the chocolate this weekend on Saturday and having the Valentine's Day party on Sunday!
Nanami: Oh~, I hope the weekend comes soon~. I can't wait anymore~.
Mashiro: Fufu... Nanami-chan, you're kind of like a little kid.
Nanami: Aww~. But you're looking forward to it too, Shiro-chan~.
Nanami: You were humming the whole time we were on the train. You can't fool my ears, y'know~?
Mashiro: ...! That was, uh...
Rui: Your voice was low, but you were singing to yourself. Several other passengers took notice of you.
Mashiro: What? They did? H-how embarrassing...
Tsukushi: But I understand how you feel, Mashiro-chan. Valentine's Day was the talk of the school too.
Tsukushi: Everyone was talking excitedly about what kind of chocolates they'd prepare.
Toko: Ahh, I'm pretty sure a friend of mine was really hyped about it.
Toko: They were talking about how they were gonna order something from a shop in France!
Mashiro: France?! They're ordering from overseas...?
Nanami: I think there are quite a lot of people that do that. I mean, there are a lot of students at our school who have been traveling abroad since they were kids.
Rui: A majority of them have overseas shops that they are familiar with.
Mashiro: Ngh, the worlds we live in are so different...
Tsukushi: Ah, speaking of which. Is the Chocolatier Fes being held again this year?
Rui: Yes. The Sweets Research Club submitted an application to the Student Council.
Mashiro: What's a Chocolatier Fes...?
Rui: It is a Valentine's Day sweets buffet held by the Sweets Research Club in the auditorium.
Tsukushi: It's really popular every year. It's not just students from all over the school. Even teachers will come in to eat something.
Nanami: That's because the Sweets Research Club has won first place and some other prize in various contests~.
Nanami: People like that are putting all their skills into making chocolate sweets. I can understand everyone wanting to eat them.
Rui: Kurata-san, if you are interested, would it not be a good idea to participate in the festivities?
Mashiro: I-I'll pass. I don't handle crowds very well, so I'd probably get so nervous I couldn't taste anything...
Mashiro: But that's amazing. It's like the entire school is enjoying Valentine's Day.
Toko: You better believe it! It's a festival that happens only once a year! It'd be rude to Valentine's Day if we didn't enjoy it!
Nanami: You always fully enjoy Valentine's Day every year. Don't you, Toko-chan?
Nanami: Back in middle school, I often saw you passing out chocolates to each person that passed you in the hallway.
Tsukushi: I remember that too. You were always in the hallway during breaks, weren't you?
Tsukushi: In a sense, that felt like a Valentine's Day highlight on par with the Chocolatier Fes.
Mashiro: I see... If you gave chocolate to everyone who passed by, how much did you bring to school?
Toko: Hmm, how much was it? Was it about three two-ton trucks worth?
Mashiro: Huh...? What~?!
Tsukushi: Oh~, don't talk nonsense! Mashiro-chan will take you seriously!
Nanami: Fufu. If we're talking about highlights, we can't forget about Rui-rui~.
Rui: ...?
Nanami: Remember? Every year there's always a long line of girls that come to give you chocolates.
Tsukushi: Now that you mention it... Last year, I think students were lined up from her classroom to the stairs.
Rui: Yes. I get the feeling that every year during lunch, I've been given chocolates one after another.
Nanami: Out of everyone in our year, the person who receives the most chocolate is probably Rui-rui or Toko-chan.
Mashiro: I can kind of see that happening. Rui-san is aloof and cool, after all.
Toko: Oh, please. "Cool" is my middle name!
Toko: With that being said, Rui! I'm definitely gonna be number one this year!
Rui: I am not particularly interested in competing with you.
Mashiro: Tsukinomori's Valentine's Day really is amazing, though~. Thinking back to when I enrolled, it's kind of surprising.
Tsukushi: How so?
Mashiro: Uh, well, Tsukinomori is a fancy school, and before I enrolled, I pictured it as being strict.
Mashiro: But that wasn't actually the case, and it feels really free...
Mashiro: It feels like we're able to challenge ourselves to many things.
Tsukushi: You've got a point... There's hardly ever a case where you don't get permission for out-of-school activities like bands or part-time jobs.
Rui: That is the outcome of the current chairman's ideas being reflected in the school's policies.
Rui: They seem to value respecting student autonomy as long as we observe the rules.
Rui: Apparently, school regulations and disciplines were strict before that.
Toko: Wow, talk about an awesome chairman! They're a total saint!
Nanami: Mhmm. They really are great.
Rui: ...
Mashiro: ...?
Tsukushi: Huh? I got a message... Ah, it's the schedule for the third round of GBT! It's next month!
Rui: We will need to choose our next set list before too long.
Toko: In that case, let's do it on the same day we make chocolates. You're free on that day too, right, Rui?
Rui: Yes... I would not mind that.
Toko: Then we'll do it after we've made our chocolates! As for the time, hrm~...
Rui: Could you notify me once you have come to a decision? I have something to take care of after this, so I should be going now.
Nanami: Okay~. See you at school tomorrow~.
Tsukushi: Well then. Let's choose times to pick out our set list and make chocolates.
Mashiro: Yeah.
