event227-02 Chapter 1: GDS Devil Hunters

Ran arrives at the scene and finds out she has to work with a loose cannon...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Hagumi Kitazawa, Kanon Matsubara, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Girl (Rimi): Kyaaa~!
Toko: Oh boy, there's a whole bunch of them!
Toko: Hope you're ready to rumble, devils! I'm gonna crush you all at once!
Girl (Rimi): Oh no~! Now, there's a devil with horns! Stop! Don't smoosh me! Don't eat me~!
Rui: Toko, you are playing too fast. Stop ruining the harmony of our performance.
Toko: Jeez, you're annoying~. What's the point of playing music if you can't get wild with it!
Rui: As members of the GDS, our mission is to take back music. A harmonious performance is music.
Toko: Ugh, alright already! That's like the five hundred millionth time you've said that!
Toko: Ah, I found a huge devil over there~! I'm gonna make quick work of it with my genius phrase.
Rui: Sigh... She is letting herself be driven by her emotions again... I cannot understand her.
Sayo: It took me some time to get here. What is the situation?
Rui: I am sure you expected this. As usual, Toko is...
Toko: Eat it, eat it, eat it! This is the power of my sound! Thunder Slasher!
Sayo: Goodness gracious, that girl is...
Ran: What's up with that reckless, excessive sound...? Is she really going to be okay?
Sayo: No, it will be trouble for me if she gets any more out of hand...
Sayo: Therefore, I will put an end to this.
Ran: ... You were able to take down that many devils with one shot without leaving a single one standing...?
Sayo: It's the "Perfect Strike." Perfectly played notes will always strike their targets.
Toko: Awww, man~! Sayo-san, there you go stealing the spotlight again! I was the one on stage now!
Sayo: Toko, you were ignoring Rui's orders again. You will have to write an apology.
Toko: Yikes! Please, anything but that~...
Sayo: Rui, that includes you as well. It is your job to manage Toko.
Rui: ... My apologies.
Sayo: As long as you understand that. More importantly, I will be introducing our newest member. Ran, greet the team.
Ran: What? Why do I have to do it?
Sayo: You are unable to introduce yourself?
Ran: ... I'm Ran.
Sayo: Well done.
Sayo: Now then, Rui, please take charge of Ran for a while. If you are dispatched, all three of you will go together.
Rui: ... I must look after this person as well? This strange girl who brazenly hunts devils alone?
Ran: Just what are you trying to say?
Toko: Ahaha, Rui's already trying to start a fight with you! This is hilarious!
Rui: Sayo-san, why do you always send the troublesome ones to me?
Sayo: Because I trust you the most. Ran is an inexperienced devil hunter. You have done well helping Toko improve, so I know I can rely on you.
Rui: ... If that is the case, then...
(Black cut)
Toko: Boy~, I sure am glad you came, Ran~. As you can see, Rui's got zero social skills and is a total drag to be around~.
Ran: ...
Toko: Did Sayo-san say you were hunting devils by yourself? Why alone? When did you start devil hunting? Wait, what kinda powers do you have?
Ran: ... Could you stop talking?
Toko: Wow, this picture turned out nice! Here, check it out. We look pretty good in this!
Ran: Hey, it's rude to snap pictures of people like that!
Toko: Whaaat~? I just want us to be friends. I bet you're starting to have fun now, aren't you?
Ran: Not at all. You're actually causing me a lot of stress.
Rui: You two, refrain from talking. We will be arriving at our destination soon, so prepare yourselves.
Ran: Wait, she's the one who's been- ... Hrm?
Toko: Huh? What's up?
Ran: ... There's a devil over there...!
Toko: Ah, no fair! I'm gonna take it down first!
Rui: Stop, you two! You must wait for my orders...
(Black cut)
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): Wh-what are we gonna do~?! The devil is gonna eat all the shop's croquettes~!
Girl's Friend (Kanon): Fueee~...! The croquettes are important, but we need to run away...!
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): I'm sorry! The croquettes were so good that I started humming...!
Ran: It's not that big. I can take this devil out with one hit!
Toko: How do you like that, Ran?! My brilliant super-wild riffs are out of this world, aren't they?!
Ran: Did you really think you could take it down with that? You're so naive...
Toko: Huh? No way!
Ran: Ahhh!
Toko: Ahh~! You can't steal the spotlight from me! That's against the rules!
Ran: You're so annoying. If you're not going to fight, then watch from the sidelines!
Toko: Not happening! You should get outta my way!
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): Huh? Those two are on the same team, but they're fighting each other?!
Girl's Friend (Kanon): Is it really okay to ignore the devil...?
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): But look! The devil is getting all beat up!
Rui: Huff... Huff... Unbelievable... They started fighting themselves and pulled the devil into it...
Rui: Please forgive the behavior of those two. You both should evacuate here immediately.
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): No, we're fine! I wanna watch those girls fight some more!
Rui: Huh?
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): The way the sounds from their guitars flow so freely and clash with each other is kinda exciting!
Girl's Friend (Kanon): It is. Their sounds are a little rough, but they are very nice to listen to.
Girl Downtown (Hagumi): Good luck, you two~! The devil already looks like it's ready to give up~!
Girl's Friend (Kanon): Both of you, please do your best! Only a little more, and you'll beat the devil!
Toko & Ran: Ahhh~!
Rui: ... Those two are incomprehensible...
(Black cut)
