event227-03 Chapter 2: Why I Must Stay

The team is performing well, but a summons comes from Sayo...

(Character: Rimi Ushigome, Ran Mitake, Sayo Hikawa, Toko Kirigaya, Rui Yashio)

Rui: ... That concludes my report.
Sayo: Thank you. Your ability to dispose of the devils has been improving nicely. Perhaps you three have become comfortable working together?
Toko: Hehe. We can handle this kinda thing, no problem! I, the genius guitarist, is with them, after all!
Rui: I think all you wish to do is show off. The way you acted on your emotions practically rendered you inefficient.
Toko: Who cares about efficiency? Only the strongest ones win and enjoy all the glory! It's as simple as that!
Toko: In fact, I was the one who took down the most devils, remember?!
Ran: And you got in everyone else's way while you were at it.
Toko: Say what? You're the one who was in the way!
Sayo: ... Would you two be quiet?
Toko & Ran: Grrr...
Sayo: Now then, I asked you here today to speak about one more matter.
Rimi: ... Hello~...
Sayo: As of today, Rimi is our newest member. She applied to our unit after being rescued in the devil attack we stopped a few days ago. Help her when she needs it.
Toko: Wow, I bet you're the type of person who joined because you were awe-struck by my killer guitar skills, weren't you~?
Rimi: Eeek... A-a devil girl with horns...
Rimi: Over there is a mean-looking girl with streaks in her hair... There's even a girl here with really ice-cold eyes~...
Rimi: What am I going to do? Everyone looks so scary... I think I might've joined a really bad place.
Ran: If you don't like what you see, then leave.
Rimi: I-I'm sorry. But I have a reason why I must stay...
Ran: ... Oh.
Toko: Something's off about you~. Did your family put you up to this?
Rimi: Huh...? N-no.
Toko: Okay, then did Sayo-san threaten you to join?
Rimi: N-no, it's not like that... I, um...
Toko: It's cool, it's cool! Everybody here's like that! Ah, let's get a picture together! This'll be a special pic of Rimi and her new best friend☆
Rimi: Eeek... B-best friend...?
Toko: We're a team now, right? So we'll have to look out for each other~.
Rimi: ...!
(Black cut)
(Background change)
Sayo: ... So, that is our mission. When we arrive at the destination, I will assign each of you...
Rimi: (Best friends... Best friends...That's the first time anyone's said that to me.)
Rimi: (It has a different ring to it than "friend" or "band member"... It's kind of cool.)
Sayo: ... So, Rimi, first I will have you secure the area...
Rimi: (We are friends who fight together. I'm sure that we will keep each other safe, and trust each other, and...!)
Toko: Rimi? Yo~, are you listening?
Rimi: Ah! Huh? What? Um, I...
Sayo: You need to listen very carefully. You will be the one who needs help once we arrive at our destination.
Rimi: Y-yes, ma'am... I-I'm sorry...
Rimi: (I can't believe I got scolded on my very first day. This is so embarrassing... The others might think I can't do my job.)
Rimi: (What if I cause trouble for everyone? What if I slow them down?)
Rimi: (And all after I was called a "best friend"...)
Ran: ... Hey, you think the new girl is going to be okay? She doesn't look like the devil hunting type to me...
Rui: I have heard that she is perfectly capable. Besides, are you really in the position to be worrying about someone else?
Ran: ... Is your heart made of ice or something?
Rui: It appears that my kindness fails to reach you. Devils feed on those who are careless.
Rimi: E-eeek~! It's a devil~!
Rui: We have confirmed the appearance of the devil.
Rimi: (What do we do? What do we do? What do we do? We'll be eaten! We have to run away before that happens...)
(White cut)
(Background change)
Toko: Ah, let's get a picture together! This'll be a special pic of Rimi and her new best friend☆
Toko: We're a team now, right? So we'll have to look out for each other~.
(White cut)
(Background change)
Rimi: Best friends...
Sayo: Everyone, we should find the devil's weakness fir-
Ran: Huh? It felt like something just flew past me...
Rimi: Take this!
Rimi: (To look out for each other, to trust each other... If I want to be treated like that, then I have to be brave first!)
Toko: Wh-what the?! Did that sound come from Rimi?!
Rui: A heavy, solid sound... Perhaps she was hunting demons somewhere as well.
Toko: Darn it~! I let my guard down! The person trying to show me up is her!
Ran: I'm not going to just sit here and do nothing... I'm going to fight too!
Sayo: Rimi and Ran's sounds have dropped the devil to its knees.
Toko: I'll land the final blow~!
Ran: Like I'd let you!
Rimi: Ahhh~!
(White cut)
Sayo: You did well, Rimi.
Rui: You moved wonderfully. I am sure with more training, you will be able to defeat the devils more efficiently.
Rimi: Ah... Um, I...
Ran: You surprised me, to be honest. I figured you couldn't fight at all, but you've got some moves.
Toko: It ticks me off that you upstaged me like that. But since it's your first day, I guess I'll let you have this one!
Rimi: Everyone...
Rimi: U-um!
Rimi: I get nervous easily, and I can't speak well. You might not think of me as one of your best friends yet, but... if it's okay, why don't we start as friends?!
Ran: ... What?
Toko: Ahahahaha! What's that, a heartfelt request?! Rimi, you're so funny!
Ran: Hey, is this really the place to be making friends? You said you had a reason why you've got to be here, right?
Rimi: Y-yes! I heard that if you work for the GDS...
Rimi: ... If you work for the GDS, you can eat the best quality meat!
Ran: ... Excuse me?
Toko: Ahahahaha! Rimi, you really are hilarious~!
(White cut)
